DEATHlS. RUled, before Lucknow, on the 25th Sept. last, in ble 51t year, fd6htIng his way with General HlaYelocAk!force to the reief of the Reeldeicy, Lieut.-Covnel F. 1. Barely, of the Bengal Artillery. PrinciDai Om. Jaisrary of Ordnance. only aurvising con of the latt Oaptsin Henry 1azely, Ro.al Navy. On the 2!d Sept., suddenly, at Amory. Maclaren Vale, South Anaibralia, Richard i}er Alderaoy, Ieq., late of UhIgwell-row, aged 65. On theb2thSept.. at the realdence of Jobu Wbltton, esq., O.E. Sydney, Aueralts. John, the recond eon of the late Rev. George 2 aylor, of Wellivgborough, Northamptonshire, aged 24. On the 11th nost., at Bee, 86jonr, Gueznsey, aged 67. Brooke OnStfre, Req., H. fI.O. fifth Eon of the late Silr 1Foeter ttlnliffe, Bart., ot Actonimark, Denbighabire. On iatruday, the 12th inst., at his residence, Grove-street, South ]lackiey, Mr. Thousau Archer, (late Deputy Gauiger for the Oity of London), aged 65. On the 14th inat., at G, dllngstone, near Swvanage, John, th;rd o of the late Theo. llunt, Esq., aged 2L On the 14th inat., at Marleo Houne, Perthehire. after many yeaT PoSoering ftom palralth. Capt. Svimen Ma(lueen. formierly of H.M.'g Seth RlitCA and 44th Foot. J,aunee of Pevoe tor Invemneea-bire and diedot burMvlng son of the l;te Donald &tacqueeo, of Corrybrough. On the 15th Int., at Mdobberley lall, Cheobhie, Lleat.,Colonel Jagob WIeek, lato Oth Regiment, aged 70. On the 5tLh Lnt., Daniel Gilchrist, Feq., of Opoidalo, Sutherland. shire, deeply regretted. On the 16th ltt., Mr. Wm. Shopheard Love, Spescer-trrae, Stoke Veingtrn, aged 57. On the ;6th InBt., at his retidence, 28, Howland-etreet, Fitzroy. squa.e. In the Slat year of his aee, deePly laaented, Satuuel Reynolds, Rsq., tolirl or. On the 16th bnst., at Frogflrle, AlIriston, Sussex, Charlotte, the beloved wife of Mr. Jamer W. Pagden. and Soungeet daughter of Ur. ,. P. Vagds, 0! Epsomn, Surrey, aged 22 Tears. On tbe lith invt., at Kirkaldy, Scotland, Mra George Eider. ton. On the 17th tost., at 13, Prinoebuildinge, Cllfton. of Influenza, *Catherine Loutsa, sevond daughter of the late Robert Adamsen, rSq,, of Hendou. Milddleeex. On she 17th tost at his tather's reeldence, Wneton.euper.lare, William Maddocks I3ush, Esq., M D., deeply lamentod by his family und numerous frilends. On the 17th enat., at No. 2, Bernard-street, Rurellesquare, Mis" Amelia anrrhugton, In the 83d year ot her age. On the 17th inst., at itastligs, Mr. George Tren, aged 79, formerly of ldeceterDlace. Ou the 17th Inst., at 5, St. Ann's-vlace, Llrtebouse, Sl4uney Herbert Riward. only eon of Joseph Sheffeld, aged 16 montba. On the 17th Inat., at St. Hilda's-terrace Whitby, euddenly of bron. clhtis, SnaDa, wile of Peter Barker, Req., of that place, agea 72. On TburrlaY the 17th tuot.. at Surbiton, Surrey, John Drew, REq., :Ph.D.. F.R.AA.. late of Southampton, after a long and painful illnesa. aged 48. On the 17th ubet,, at Brighton, aged 9 years and 6 months, Arthur Chan. xloa. the dearly beloved and only non ot Arthur and Jolla Wilie, jot Holbrook, Obaloehuret. Rent. on the 18th inst, at the residenco of her sioter, Mrs. RuEell 3, Grove-ond.roa4 St. John'e-wood, Bethih Hardy, In the I4th year of leer age. On thc 18th Inst., at Bye, Oharlee Hicka, FAq., of the firm of Helk and Son, aged 7t. On the 11th toot., at Cheeter, Nannette, the infant daughter of E, XO. Walker, Req. On the 18th Inet., suddenly, Daniel Lambert, Req., of Banstead, Ausoe, L.' the 8a djear of his age. Oa the 18th inst., at St. Leonard?s, Emily Francee, fifth daughter ef lhe Rev. Sir 0. ?ardinge, Bart., of Bonudee.park, Tunbrldge-wella, On the 18th inst., at his reoidence, 6, Great Queen-street, Wectutine. ter, Jacob Solomon, Esq., aged 75. sinoorely and decervcdly regretted bey his alilited widow, famiUy, snd friends. On the 18th inst. at St. Mtary Church, Torquay, Maurlre 0, w 24orthcote, Lleut. let Bengal N.2., aged 26. On the 19th Inst., bt Norfolk-square, W. S. Lucas, of Bedford.plaae, 3tussel square, surgeon, aged 41.
ntion, an roquiree, either by thxe Horse Gusards or by the Hon. East India Company. A RMVY BXAIINLATIONS.-A. clergyrnnn, M.A., .3u.PREPARES CANDiIDATES for direct appinotaments. Lat-ely he has pased many at slandhusot aud Addlaconmbe at fies trial, veveral af ter ozly a few weeks prep,aration. He teaches aII th subjeats him. NeU, and rapidly and efticlenU advancel Isto) beginnera. Canditefor the Queen's received for the new examination. References to nobl.emen, officers, &m-?LA., 23 A., Onnaught-oqnare, Hyde.park, lV! DREPARATION for te ARIY.-GonLt-lenou desi- 1. rOUS of P R LPRNG for the NEW SYSTEM ot EX,Ll&. 'lIOXNS eon receiv h ecer acastatnee fromi a mIlitary tutor, whLo pwaced two PoVIlso aho s last three oceasIus, an has been unilormoly euscesfol fr ore than sevenA years Address Uelta. Itbere' library. 27. Old Bond.etreet. N VA C ES.-ROYAL NiAVAL EiTA, ELLIMENtT, Southsaea. csndueved by iso. THOM NAB E&ST. hIA , I. 20 years Naval Instruetor In hier Ma6jesty's 40vlea.- Ilee courset of ztudy embraces every braneh required by the News Ad. rlairity I-egulatlon of February 23d 1857. The foil, wing young gea. tlen.san paEseed frons the above Decemuber Btb, and bave b~ee appointed to if. 5.S. Illustrlous' Portsmouthb:-Mr. 0. lllMr. Sir. A. Bmdadhaw, air P. (srnanit. Sir. WV. EHudleatou, Mr J. i.raver, loen. )N. Mlis, Kr. C. 0 St Clor Mr. F. Gaskll,U Sir. J. B. lists. MrS. J. T. KAiour, btr. j. A. DasAWo;d. aIr. 0. King, Mr. (3. M1. LosS. Olr. B. WV. WicehiaLO. Mi. 0. P. Tudor, Mfr. G3. it. Bleadon. '257 gentlemen have p5ised, for Naval O.aete fromi the above establIshmert eloco h4. foundooloo in sOil. F EENOEI LANGUAGE by CONVERSATION.- _IMona. BIRUNET, from PaLris, anther of the Normal Syssem fee Sp,e.AkosgFrench tduently, REUSIYSdt PUP ILW at his own resideare, sun I-rtno%rv young gentlemen for their examinaotion. Adidress to II. JrnoSt, T. WAiwiit-atroet, Regent'a-qanodrant. j~iT-lLEZ-VOUS FRANCAI -4nyto ;Whom this,1u'tteuIs ut wll aawer"I an d trarnlAte, and unideretsl retywel, utI anotegek t. FI5NUff and GERtSAN coN V~RaAtuN OLBIIE. In hich hevupiis arm taughit theore. ilcll an psorlell, b sparteustiv polesor,are held at Mr. Rosetha's, 54,Otforolt,. etwen te Pnthen ad Itegent-olreosi. G IRIeA.N.-Lity, 4, Old Jcwry.-Dr. HAUS. G )ASNS author and editor of several educational works, coatlooee to TELCIH that LANGUAGE thoroteghlyo, pleasantly, and ex. DelltiourI7. .tpp!y at Ladle"' College. Haversteeck-hhll:- or Ladles' College. filifi ns-mad, St. John's-wood: or at 4, Old Jewry, city. (f1 EltXAIl, Miathematics.-Rerr OSCAR von WVEG. Y.X NE RN, professor at schools and farsilles of distinction in Eel' grAvia, Uremiotosa. St. Johu'a-wood. the weet end, Ac.. TEACHES3 (2E1~SfAN on Di, Aim's c.lebrated eavaten. 12 lcussn for travelling. Tr6n-lai'lnad noe. Pr'vaielseszons ati. Sydney-street, Bromaptou. G l.-htAN, French, Itiarln. - Dr;. ALTSCHUL, G AIuhov of ' Fi'rst Germasn Reading Snob," (deik-ated b- speetzs peniiou, to hry Grace the flochess of Sutte1and,l &a., EL. l?hi.olog, S.,Po.Elocutlon.-TWO LANGUAGES TAUGUST in the saam losroxi, nor aler& ,o the samue termsa aa one, a-t the pupila' 00 at his own LOuI:3. Etc4h language spoken to his private lesses, and select separate cl.'ores for ladles and gentlemen. ThIs practical method enables his pupils toj spea.k, reAd and write the above laniguages ino a coruparativelyabhort tI2e. PrepAration (in languages) for snerenttle and ejrdinary pursuits of Itfe, the Universities abrmy, navy, and stvill B-erie exarulnazions.-9. Old Bond-street, Piocadilly. by a (Graduaeo Oxod ofeprecn tuItin,adwtthmo essi(alolsr teBmnas dre . Y., post-ofce voentrydcreet, Haymoarket. C U-REof S-TAMIE~RIXNG.-Dr. JAMES HMN %/may be CONSULTED daily, at his rosideneoe, 8. New Burlingtn st,oot. The thir edition of Dr. Hunt's work oln Stammeeing inah obtainis-Ion aplItcation, or sent post free for Is 6d. C URE of STAMMERING and DEFECTIVE AiLTICIUL.TION.-Mr. BELL, Profeesor nf Elocution 10, lssrngonoq5X.N.W.-ELCUTIONAItY INSTRUCTI6IM~ priatly inosooe. ndtofamlis.Two pupils as boarders. Si17-0l N IG, Pianoforte, and Harmony, siX lelssons for one guinea.-Mr. WEST Ifrom Hec Majesty's btapellRoyal,) con. itlumsg g.lllgIhTltUCTION in the aboveoneon his highly approved methcd, which speedily imuparts a pure and ele2ant state oit singing. Add rees to 40, Dorcet-stieet, Portmsn.square, WV. ?'I ME PESTALOZZIA.N CHORAL SOOIEa' MLBEETS for the PRACTICE of CHORUSES, Part Songs, ko,, ait Eusncx h3ll, Leadsnhlal-street. every Wednesday evening, at hal.pmtt 7. loe quarter corsnoesoes 30th Decemnber. Terms--Gentlenme', 61s, Ldles, 2.s. 6d. per quarter. Director, Mr H. DE LASPEEL An Element.ry REvcinin Class on M.onday and Siaturday. I)AIVIING LESSONS during the ViliatiOn.-An Vexperieneed artist, who devotees part Of his time to tuition, will be happy to ATTEND) PUPILS during the vacationi. Terms three g-trees for 12 lessonis. Address to E. S3. H, ,POAt0obco, Store'istfsEt, Bedford.souues. l?OJDEL DRIAWING CLASSES for7UCHILDRENX .IRand LADI ElS are In cours of formatIon at HanoPatead. Apply by 1v,t-e Do S5. S.. Portland library, Hlghestrest, S1t. John's-wood, N.W. S:uosaud fansilsoa attended, 1 ANCING.- Yinr. JJ)'FGVILLE OP bgss I)anounce that her ACADEMIES for DANCIN'G, Deporsmen8. and Zxe,.lose are sow hield at her, resIdence. 13, Porhnan.stree16 1'ortni-sc ,..oace. Schools and glasses attended i or out ortown. fl-o,AN 0iNG.-Madl5ile MIClOAU DAVISF begsa to JJ acojualost tho nobility aini gentry that her CLASS at nOons. B'sve's educationil inottule OadOgan-garders, SIosns'stXeot, Is held on Saturdays, at I'l O'clock. bhools attended in and out of town.-. 13. isount.otrcetl, Crocvenos'sqnase. D)AsNOING.-Bayswatcr.-Mr. and Kims KINGj~ have lbs honour to announce that they, hold four CLA.SiE' a week for DANCINGJ, Deportment, and Calisthenic Exercises on Wo3_ nesd3ys and Slatrilays, the drg lyss O commencIng at half-pAst 2.-1elmont Htouse., 74, Quesn'o.road, Bayswater. A.NSE..-La Msazourka CotlUn eotet c JJ -lIons, COULON I22, Great ldarlborough-street) bogs t n nonnos to the nobility anid gentry that his JUVENILE ACADEMy OPENqED fOe the seasen, every Tuesday and Friday, from 2 to, 4 IO'IOIL. Private lessons given, and schools attended In and out of town. J) ANOI -M.BLAND and DAUGHTES 74, Deanl-street, Soho, late Strand, GIVE LESSONSdal,i thia mo, ern dances. The advantage of praotising with poeeoa ladles as partners tends to rapid progress. Classes every eveng.A fsmem`bly eery Friday. Term1s2Isalesson, Or One9uinea aquatr D)ATNUING.-Mr. G4ROSS's selec7t ACADBRM1k L ri=ose-honse, Bvnsreeret slhoysa_0to, B.C., established awl2 411 the most fashionable danoe taught to peesos ot all ages, alto riricc privacy and expedition,~ et all hours, by Mr. and fls 3 P.ostlcsulsrB On %Mpio,atlsn. or by sueloatag a stamp. ID ALNU1 i at TU NEjR' ACAIEE)E -Y.1, 6 M fladid-etrtot, lflnsbury.clrcnsn RO'decosatect and improved. in. Bt:unrlisn at any houtr. in all the neW ana fashionable dancer. Clase on '5rndae~eand Thursdays, ,ueieeas ensa adStra 2a1ttCrssco:1o Sebsob.) and faXmiles attended. ~ANOlNG.-h1r.and Mtrs. GEORE ANE'rr .LJWItI's tooos,41,Brewer-street Golde-oquar.gieprvt tese:.sIn he acusa otiuon. Calamnatls, or any of bthefshion. etot do-o aSallhous,to ladles or etlemeen. An evening cinu Monl; od Fiday a uveIleclass W ~eaday and Saturday. SehOCIs madfae lreattndd,The rooms May be engaged oeal. nally. LI N ING-Mr.LOUIS D'EGV1LLE bogs o In- fur th nbiltyand gentry that ha has COMMEigOM his Ot~&osEs a 31 itches EucatIon,al Institute, at 28, Somloraet-stced, Foron.n-euar, o Tusdas,at half-past 11; and at Cadogan. garens onFriaysat12 o'clok hchloola aud classes attended in and ANUI U Mss AMES ofthe Royal operas, AC ndis nd enlemn ll hemodern DANOEOI, and I'rlntolvcoe atallhour oftIe ay. thesrdaes at eih2 onelok W-ina. bneuteaseeyeeig uenileClam WeTuesdayt sandS* uos,Aqadil3ssml o genera horactichvry Friday geten GroAvadorsqu, 4,Gra Quenste t. o Lineela's-Ina. ANCING.M~am ICHU AIGbgst hone.htece's Essbaloadl m In tntute on aUrdy,S 2ocok untl ecmbr. n anar thDcAsss ilG be h AMH Isai.st 10 an coninu thesarneg day ande h-Mour, t ileuNEW seses. choos md casse attgrdoSod u out of thoowgues-, Moudnt.n rirevi, Grocvanor.equereeI hneditel stoing Icsea had,andfiestcoleelo of adaneussn Mm rate,L n erqatr vr evening, .t tuitio, £egent. PAPU EACHEJIS of DWEE G-M JAE elcti telegr;s andowiAuthria lextarnn,o h Spsr h on Mr.Of .11.' Orderan can now Oh irhus agnd dasb edceigM boyrn. 71,. Lonontme.stet aeds'se odn 8,Rgn, atreel. Cheltenhani,~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~c THE CHEAPEST, Largest, and Best NEWy .a. PAPllR,-LLoy~' WEEKLY NEWS Price 3d,, Contin 130 cinmu of he LtestInteligecs fom el p~ris f th worD, b Meat syhouadt bporims n otino so vr eatetb 2.Cdvers received byalbkolr adnwmn,o tth fie SbcriWation lie.ougb ure.Acoyb otI etr o tmo -2e to I5 , Oemnex.stet Stad, C IEUMNITEURALUNAIVEfr SEL profusely Ofucte ,,,bedo piiEmpire stancats, -tole.Ms. Solde12&whRe and at l REET,. oflice.8, Clemet-stt.Ias obr-tetaeb ietatornto n foInted8 aernts InLodo forh gLa uPntf rlowars, Deine. 17n 18l7. .A,-d e dlEmiron )Francorrectiongl ish nowcreay,prin e and Aderiseagent, Strand. tslae.ciy NDIAUN The's PNONth ALMANACK o 85 rfsl fors ..gsn taued Iny a JO nclEECHg and the TeNakal publ,is thist dayonm andel COPrIce3d, bounspd togthe Sol eRorysges and at, o the ePanche 1HETRILUsTRaTnd LONDON' RLYALNAC -3.. orK118 emelihd wauithan gtroupsof fAlowers,printe inOslOnr S'b-secnd editin, wshCaedforrr5lOn6, is now ed, price Is Office, mh arinestrat trd then presgentltime. rc is . n d. N b riiho n nAlyana anld COmpanion bookeG und tofDethe s tngeht and Cann., 6)0, Fxford.cl Lrndon. ~ ~ ~ ~ M acr,apblic, Id. Sold'at the De`posi'tories for Geat Quee n. aSsot, Lcolo'sliun.fiel&s. 4, Royal Exohange; andt 16. Hanuoverstreet, Haoe-quare; andl by ali bookeellers. pICHARDS'5j REMEMBRANCERS, 1858' nEaval ?teotO tatsso the'30O b medical, legal, eleri'cal. miltary, ani SvlPro eOssis0us, genltlemnen anud their 5tewarda, persons In public offices, merehants, and, generally, to all persona of businoem, are now ready. The quarto Remembmaress,- a , 3 a,O. n s;otv,a Ss. Oct, Os., and Os. lid. The Srbln Reraembmancers, It is, and Is. Sd. May be had of al11 boocliseQe and stationers, or direct froma the publilsher, Edwvard Stanford, 6. Chsring-croes, Lonidon. NTEW VOLUMVE of DODSLEY's aind RIVING. j.1q' TONS' A.NNUAL RUGIflTER.Now rea~dy, inovo., price 183s, whe ANN UAL RE'GISTER ; or, a View of she Hisck adk'ltc ci theYear 1850. Rlvingtons; Looagnau and (.JH, oandCPo.iir S3impkin and Co.;. Ricbardeous;. POI%touln and 'Wraight;owieand o (o. ; J. Capes; SmIth, Elder. and Co.; WVaBhbownswlh Cowl andE G Bohn; T. Bumpus' WaIler and Sun; P. Tha na; and Co;AlH .G Cleaver; Upbamauan,Beet; Selland Daldy';W11gas d.Booth; A:. Beath; and J. Toovey. The caMDlets sEnr-s of volande Soiheracn; W wihlle lejesty's reign maIy alWAYS be lsad lbynwu_ tyrog ohth i o r any single volume s'nce 1831. yn w ebrirso D"ELA UE asI CO.' INDELIBLEt DLET. ALrTRD'RIES for 1803,ust publlohed. Cotnt -Astron.0 micl honrauafor the Tear 1518, with a Darmot thec Get S0L Ecllpce of Sfareb, 1888-Coendar for 188, sad Abstrato tfo(la dIar for 1859-Ani Article on Comets, with a Tableo sch0 Galsn oElcoasly-T'Ahie of Dliperenoo In TIme for the PriuoIpal placestin xtthae Cn5tod Kingdom-Table of Latitudes aue Difference of Time for the principal CitIes of the WVorld -Eclpses of Jupiter'e 13atoliltesoa-0cuite itoDsn of Fixel Stars and Planetos by the Moonn. visIble at Greenwicis.. Mising and Setting of the Five Prilnsipal PIlnnets-Metoorologtcal Averages at L,ondon, Oxford, and Liverpool durtaf the geno 1811 to 1822-Magnetis Constants-Table of Speetdc Gravlt es and Expansion5 -Tide Intervals for the principal Plalmc f rho Britis anid adjacent Continental Coast-The Royal Famly--Chronologlcal Tables of English Sovereigns-Sovereigns of ZurePO-Parliarente Of Greet Britain from lys0 to IS507- Frelgn Meoney Table -Tables or Foreign and British WeightO and Nleaeuxa-Abetrwas of Impoatnt Statutes.Tiniest loegniatiDnS Of the Stamp and Poet Offlooo-11nlversal IPostage Table--London Bankers-Holeeday at Fublis Offices -Moveable Holy. days, 1858 to 1865-TLaw and University Terms-and other uzeful In. fomation, With dliary pages Of metallio paper These diarles are printed in three sizes suitable for the pocket and stitohe or boand in £ varIet of sty4as,as pocket-book,&. Thea lesndar, with aselection of the above tables, ft, Ias OpnDulijhe leprTOMy in two oIse, MaV be bad of A)l ,*ktlonemw DICTIONARY of DAILY WANTS. Houston D andwright. 1fHE ANYUALS and ILLUSTRATED GIFT TsOOKS are now ready. London, (erby and Son, 193, OA ord. actreet. NEN BO OKS.-Notico.-Where ready mnoney pay; menN a prafer:ed, the fullet discount is allowed. London, lurbs adSn190. Oxferd-stzeet. OTES and QUERIES.-C ritm5s Bumber, oa M aturday. Deo. I9eh, price 4d. A copy eent for fivre samps. Bell and Daddy. l8l Fleet-strt, and all bookseHlers and newsmen. ) O iST-OFFICE LONDON D e E =TORY, for 1d5a no* publashing, price usd. KeUy and Co., 1S to 21, Old Bo;wa!? court,st. Clement' s, trand, W.C.; SlaDin, M sal n , Srotuoeirai l.out XC. 8 sand allbooaelliess. Mashall,= adCo., Ellil AROHITEOT's NBWSPAP3ER.-The T BULDING NEWS oontalna beautiful tUlsratmtlo, nd li oablished efery Friday. Prloe Ad Eold by all booktllUera aud news. randoms 'T 'HE FLORAL WORLD and GARDEN GUIDE T A Practical tfllscellanyof actes snd InteligenceIneveryDoprtment ot orotIculture. Number L will be rublished on the int of = aoryby Orwmbrldge and S1Dn, 8, Patamomtapyow tsOTlE.-A 'WOMIAN' THOUGHTS ABOUT NL M by the Anther of "John lifax, (Sentleuran," In oue voi., crowun vo., price lOs. hd. bound, wil be ready On TMonday De0. 21. aucat and Bieckeit, publIher 13, Great Mariboroehstre,t. N OTI1Q..-BERANGER's MEMOIRS. Wijtto N by HINSELF.-aMe3rse. HuEwt acd Blaekett having pusohased the exclusive copyright of the English translatIon of drIanger's XemuOr,, beg to announce that the work will ba ready on Monday, the 2it., In 1 vol., with Portrait. Orders received bi all bookseller XTrEW TALE, by Mr. LEYER.-Gjer d Eitzger4d A.L'"tbe Cheesner," by HatrsorveQuer,iwml commnoe in tshe JeSUdr nuebo oltheDUBLX B Y MAG4%N Hodges. Smthb and Co.. Dnblin: llrsat and Biack6tt, London. Ho.EVIEW, No COV.-AV. IlL VER¶lIs)CSEEENT for the forthcoming number must beforrrde4 to the publilsher'(s by tbe iith, and BllY for insOrtlon by tbe 9:h January.-O0, Alibemarle-sheet, london. D!FORMY of PARLI3MENT.-On the lsei of 'Janear'. 18. tn 8Ov., price 215., ntihed, the FRANCHISE and VOTINta by BAaLOT, Conaldered and Elaled. BY WILLIAM ATKIRI:SON. London, Longman and o. hNTLEY's MISCELLANY.-The Jaruse Da; L bher wtl corrtn the commencement of a NEW TAL, ented PvAINT HEART NEVER WON FAIR LADY. By DUDLE~Y COSTiLLhO. LIndon, Richard Bentley, New Burlington.rtreet. iQ15T the TAIBLE i13 ROAR,by quoting from a 3 BU1NDLE of PUN.6 d. :and 400 Conundrums and Riddles, Si.- .n., prove youreilf the pink o politeness by studying Blunders fn Bebr,! Elour Corrected, ;d, Groombridge, 6, Paternoater.row. EW CHRIISTMAS WORK, ready on the 2i. N price Is, STENBL.&US andAMYLDA: a Christm3 a Legend,for ,hildeen o- a La ayrge Growth. Illudmtorate by George Orutarhank. G'Iflith and Farrtn, St. Paul's churchyard. r'ijE& JUVBETILE BOOKS of the enson, suited for L price or Otriatmas gifts, are now ready. Where ready money p -jmentlis preferred, te fule3t dilcount Is allowed. ondon, Kerby and Son. 190, Oxford-strzet. rIRY.-A BOOK for BOYS, by OLD JONATXHAX I 2s, poet free. 1858.-Old Jonathan' Ehalfpenny Almanac, ilus. teated, is the cheapentin the kingdom. Hae yOu seen Old Jonatban? a mcnthI'y Pennz PiFctoIl Broadsheet, W. H. Collingridge, C ty Press, Long-lane, London. OUSEK;ENPI1G.-Every piiticular con ected wOih hOusekeeping may be learnt by reference to the HOUSE. EEOLD ENCYCLORCDI&, Prlcels,permonth. Part6ordy To be completed in 21 parts. London, W. Kent and Oo.; and s-ory bookaslier in the united kingdom. ;3TEPHEN's COMMENTARIES.MItEg5 Butter- (sJworth beg to Inform the profession as well as the trade that the FourthEaditton of Mr. Serje3nt STEPEiN's NEW COMM1iNTA. RIM8 on the LAWS of ENGLAND, partly founded on Blaocatons, is now ready for delirery, in 4 vOl. Sro., 4 gaIneas, cloth.-7, Fleet-stroee, xCa., Dec. 1,817.. OTICE.-On Jan. 1 wir be ublished an entirely N new edition (the stixth) corre anid enlarRed, of Dr. MADDOlK's WORK on the 3PFIOACAY of MIIDICATED INH&AI6TION8 in CONS'UMPTION, Brounhitis, Asthma, na& lus. trated with about 90 cases of .ecove y. Price is. Sd. itmkbi, Warsbiral, and Co., Statlonera?-hall-court. Orders received by boosellers in town or orimtry. BOlN's SCIENTIFIO LIBRARY for January.- IDX DATIEt,ecmPrehendilg the Prncipal Facts in the Chronology and History of the World trom the Ealiest to the Preeeut Time; Aphabetically Arranged. Being a complete Index to Bohn's enlarged edition of Blairs Chronological Tables By J. WILLOUGHBY ROSSE. In 2 Parte, forming one very tihick volune. Part I., A-J. (nearly NO closely printed paoges), post Oro,, cloth, 5s. Henry G. Bobo. York-steet, Covent.garden. N's ILLUSTABD LIBARY for January - P'ODYSSEY, with the WBattle of the Frogs and Hymns, ko., by other Translators, Including Ohapman. II. grav &ed bMoerInth fn Ova. sire). With Intersdn:io aatndu ens uniform, I dY published Thee elegant Iluestrons were - merby published at £3 I12s, and are greatlysurperior to ihe varIous reduced ooplea. HIenry G. iobn, York-street, Covent-garden. Animal Kingdom, and of the Chief Porms. of Forsil Remains, New editihon rOe-is2ed and eompleted to the precent time uneder arsaugement with m any hundred fine Wood Engravings, Vol. LR. (nearly 600 pages)1 wtith a, General rudex, p)ost Ovo., clothi, Os Henry G. Bobn, York- t0e N'st C B reUARPINTE' PEYSOIOGYot TEPERANE and TOTA A.iTI. NENOt: eln an xamnaton o th EScteof the Bxoe22be Mode. rae, and Oct lonal Use oE Alcoholis LIquors on tho Healthy Human ystem, is.: a few copies on fine paper, bound in olo'h, 2s.. d Henry 0., Bohu, York-street, Covent-grden, 1201i1N' 6TADARD LIBRX-RY o an:ay gTE ONIG0218WITf 3 GOD f or, oevotional Aedilatlorafor vreDayintb Year. Transhtedfromthe German.len . th, S 6d Hery G. Bohn, York-street, HUDMBOLDT's COSMOS.-The neow volume has iecretly been recelved from Germany. and is In pros-e-s oZ tranBlatlon, with the view of lts being published uniform with the four volumiea which have already aippeared i "Bohri's Scientific Libarsy.'" Henry G. Bohn, York-street. Co-vent-garden. CIIiRIS MAS, Ne Year, and Birth-d&y ~ PRESENS.-R. AKEiObIAN has onview the greatest GAlbums, Colour Boese, Chrome i thographs, Engravings, &o-B. Aokermana, 191, fIOLJBURN's NEW MON!TRLY MAGAZIN1x.- JThe January numb2r wI containagmat varlety of intereitlng and important asrtides by some of the meet popular writers of the day. BDis iend adert-isemnis marl 21bo sent on or before the 2sta Dec. 'MRLES KNIGHT's POPULA}tR HISTORY of li NGLAND.-No. 21, completIng third volume, and bringing Ihe in also publiahec, p3ricge gOs, looth. lBr3adhunrya3nd Eans,L 11, ceI8. ovel.- l-tB "ICK and GAKD: a Monthly Record of .Mining and its Allied Selenss and Aits, PrIce Is, Conducted ty WHIrTON ARIUNDELL, YIning Engiaeer and Surveyor, and published by him at 10, Henrietta-street, Covent-ganren, London, N.C. Sent free on receipt of 12 postage stamps. N0 OFFICE should be withouit LEO~NA IED-a rPooKETGAZEPTEER of ENGLAND and WALES,3con. taining Informuation relative to every pWrish, however smallL i6no clotb, 2s. 6Od; post free for 12 stamps. London, Tallant and Allen, 21, Paternoseter-row. :HORT.HAND RENDEREDso SIMPLE as to be J 1 EASILY AOQUIRED.-COLIHMNS SYSTEM Is more con.. tracted than any hitherto Published. It affords Immecee facil'ty to the leareer. Brice is. 6d, ith numerous Flatet bb y Poat f or 1 8 atampa. W. ad I. S.War , sttlo ers nd riners H, igh Holborm. ['HE FARMIERS' H3ERALnD and GARDENERS' ,LGAZETTE:a Joural o ialturo,a HofRrtIulJeture,and GenRalH Intllienc. Etabishd10,Prc cor le,thougor abyun Is; noitytamp ow ,-pe annu, 4s.Advrlsemente winth rted onm bauraduyednscale. London elyboombidge and Sons: ChesLter W. H, Evans an, sold by tobMPLt e TION of the CYCLOPeDIA of theId AsOan sabihedanT athSPLent NTAo NUtbrl E,r customsrepleting the Cyclp toia of biogrh,orthrd dvsion of the ltlewish cralon wrkdla h conducted by Co hE3 IGHIT, ls this dry published, pe 5.Tem ii nd atvlue will ho ready on MIonday, Bred. J,ODGE's PE3ERAGE and BAONETA(;J for N8D8, under the especia3 patronage of Her HMajesty and Ho nsrt, de isncoe Coneorc, and correoted throughont by the nobility, is now uraey, it one volumne ronal wo., with the arms beaut tyipey engraved handsaomely bo und, wvit gt edges. Ltode's Peerage Is rkornowledget to be mhee pult complete as well as the most elegv work of ta e ind.a As an estabilthed and authentic authority on allqueseons resptionrg the famniy histories, honour, and oron 3es O0 the tlt'ed atl-smocrst y putong v ofka Her Majesty and 3H-is oa HtveDIbglh3neshe KhPrince Consort and li goiveIted throughout fromn the personal communIeatIons of the nobilty. It i the only xork of Its cla in which the typefbehtg ken t dteof sUbCeliction anadvantagok ex wehic gier It nupremary ever al Itseat bcomuetiofrItsIndepndentlyuofbindiful andatetcitomta e spol, h xs and em.root r of thera,the m ste itoccuattentionI given t nbIes pfHeagesty thaolaeanbaceso dh BlariousnoubleailIers, and GetheMamrlbofayo husnuidviug Iaes BOSORThingand eAceedO the avlto Ita rageet,o ath eausryotmentypogrpt anbndng and fTor Itsan nlo ft orrel prsntoore,and emdrawihmngeh woorm injsltette o Sh ihPla Pl LLa STo TE ES ENT BOO KS-t and Ela 5 O S WOh IlsRited and HR O haeagoteieafeadelgn LscorAmetYf nwAllUSthAe DadohrBOK ui o prsnlutsgor thenrawiang proo als ite hc a ebdo p plicaton, Bcanrd H arrend arsnetndtersulliea lca oaI th AUillustrtdandgi tho,f OT h eIF rc tso ,-2v0 Reget-srA eRY LILonRhly..uppU tes new adpopular BOOKSrk for CHILDRaeEsnttoN bcriters to all paris of the kingdom. Inaferier novels objecrlomnble works ,c jocton, cheap roprintn, and railway editiona, are excluded. Terms and Preopetufac on applicationi to alesRs. Saunders and Otley, Con. dLult stret, Hanover-square. U J, Y IE' WeSE LECT LIB A Y.~ the best now iYJ works may be obtained without delay from this extensive library by every cubsecrtbe of one guinea per annuma. The preference in liven to works of history, biography, reigon philoophy,and travel. Thte beil works o.f fiction. are also freely aoed. Lilerary Institutions, town libraries and hook clubs supvplied on i beral lerms Frospeetaesa may obe Oliatee Onap a ola(rlea Edwani Mludie, Now Orfoyrd-sreet tLondon, an&PdOroersatrtoeLet, Mancbestev. TI'IHE P.RETTIEST G1FT-BIO.l-nA e( TTDRrr-V ful ood ngrvIng of ll he goat vens recorde imn the Serltue. Godcer typo and i"o,i refrece, houn n ar morocco, fOr lIe rent port fee O)nly tub Ohd atJOH FIELD' great BI1ble ware) bOuEe, 65, Regcnt'e'qu%drent. QECOND-AD OKS-p OAEY CA1,7J TALOGU (partls NOW READY, embracig,theology divinity criale, ,~worklls frmte irryo eb late ihpllmod Intresingwors o th FrnchRevlutOn f 1790, Bnd mlscelaneucon literature. Sent pstfree to n drs on receipt of one stamp.-. Daniel P. Oakey, 10, Patarnosterow ('IEAP BOOKS.-Surplus COPIES of Macaulay's kJHistory of Engined, Precot's Works, Oxford and Camnbrlpgo braay,, It is Never ton Late to Mend, several workis by Idla f3owell sand Hmla Voice, and many other books are now on SALE, at BULL'o library, at greatly reduced pricer. Catalogues rent post free on a pI1. cation: ais.) prospectusoB of the l1brary.-Dull's librsry, i9,fRomls Etreet. CavendJah.gquare, W. ~HE CHEPEST GIT BOOKif ~the SBABON, L-Elscanlly bound, price is. SCZ, OUR FAVORITE FAIRY TALES, ToldI for the Hundreth Tlimne. By HENRY W. DIJLKEIt. Illustrated with 300 PIctures drawn Icy H. K. Browne, Johm Absolon. Ilarrlson IVeir, Win. Harvey, Thomas Daizle,, W. McConnell, and J.A.Pasqle, nraed by the Brothers D laiel. This attractive thism cls bei utoreting not only to the Voung- but to all who love mhslointesaur. It contalus moat of oarold favouritoessuch as "Tom Thumb,""I The Sleeping Beauty," "Pouor In Beats,'" 'CIndreila8." &C. Seme curious notes are given on the origin of each tale. The pictures hare been Prepared a. great cost, and are worthy of thie taIented authors whohv been engaged on tbis elegat work. Wasd and Lock, 151. Pleetall'-atreet )OPULAR BOOKSat free trade prices,..-D'Alboia't -.Allama, 17ie 6d.1 published at 21s.;- Benitley Ballads, 4a. MI. pUb. lked at 5s. ; Burns, Poems and Songs, 17s, SO., publihed at 21s. . ohlds Alm ac bandi Companion, ye, 48,, publIshed at is.; Lngoldsby Legns, Js.l23', published at Isa.; JoIllien's Album, 15e., puiblished at 15 nlen' sCadeaus, Is. 40., pulished at Isv Liringatone's Travels In South Africa lie 6..5, Publsed at 2Ba.; ooaro's 1sish Melodies sat to music. witl tbe erds. 2Is. 3d., pueblished at 31s. Sd,; Home Af. mec idt p'urtrayed by thbe Poets, l7e. 88, Published at 21e, M oors's PoetZ m Ptuses.ha7. 58, puiblshed at 21s. ;Mcaulay's *Qgand. s..pn~brdt Os; Pouh's oclatBo,2 1, a VHIILDREN's BOOKS for OEMISTMAS PRE- v SENTS,- large and beautful ASSORTMENT of BOODB for young people of al agee mybe oinpzected at the well known and oldDaston), 55, Geheach-sizeet.city d. say nd rdU; LAIWEsT COLLECTION in London of JUbIBBOS.CrsmsIlutaa o studard DoOORS DOUGIfT to any &mnount, and the utmobt 13price given, for immediate c3ash, thereby Bsming the delay, ucoer. tatuty, and expe of public auction, by a second-hand boozkller, of 20 yea' staunding. 20 voltune of books. Otaloglea ot a priDon grati and post free. Apply to T. I lard, bookaeller. 70. Newgatest. W M. STEElTDALE i BENINETT's new edition of WEIHVEN's PIANOFORTE SONATAS Is now comled In b 3v 1Us 6d. each, ox-WUM fea rom 29.6d.to Ss. escb C mg and Cok, 63, New Bond-ttreet, oorner of Brook-street. W1M. HU'TI'CBL's CALLQTT's NXW WORK. "lSacredEHaIf-Hoecs with thiebest Composers Handel,hlozart, I ;eetboyev, Hardn. Weber, Mendelsohn, for the piano, solos 43, dusts. isB., accounpanlmeuta, ad 0th., Ie. each Leadel n ok 3 Now Bond-street, orner of Brook-streat. and Coo, 63 JIORINLEY RC A D. The fvnjo TOARE, ortGe EkNTIS from Le,TX&VIATA and IL, TPy VA. TORI. fr te pano.By RINLEYRICEEARDS. 4a. eack. Leader and Cooks. 63. New Bond-ttre6t, corner of Brooketceet. AUVYIONILE MUSICAL PRESBJNTS, JUVE. N ILE OPAR&S-La Traviats, Rigoletto, jia Diavolo, Lucia li Iammermoor,Norma, I Puritant.)'Elsir d'Aumoro,Le Hluguenols, LaF glgiadet .eigigaeito,Lus-rezla Borgta5&c. Bach operA beiautfully Illustrated In oolours, containing the favourite AIr asy for the iano Us each. A great variety of similar works. LIder and coo New Bond .rleet, ccrner of Brook-street. JULES BENEDICT's NEW 1REiNCH - " iMANOE, " Ange ArlorO." as snnt,by Gardonl Andl Letort, IA also 'with Englih Words., Angel Adored, 2s., just Dubliahed. Leade and Cook, 63. New Bond-street, eonue? ef Brook.street. TORN BARNETT's NEW SONG}S, " Come to Mo thou GentleChild," IS, Lorenzo. 2e 6, Come Into tbo Garden Man, I. 6. Lade ad Cock, 63. New Bond-street, earner of Meshlab, il. 4d.and 23.; Haydn's Crtio, 2aS.; Haydans Sess ;JdasMaccsabus, 2s 'Israel in Egypt, . Samson 3as.- the aiol Oratorio, 2s.;iophtha.2s.; G.is a S aGattas._ Alexo auder's Feast, 23., th e D pttingen To Dowo, &l., 2.. H6vduJ First MAas. Ia. ; Thtid ditto 2s.- Morart's Reqtuiem 28.; Ptrst'tam Is.; Twelfth ditto. G; 8eetovenls Firs,b M ,& . oResini's Btabat Mater, 2s., ad. London, Robert Cooke and Co., NLew Burlingto.steePt, W. N.1E. Plau0e for hire at 12s. Der mouth and upwards. N3TE WE rUSCWrDigPhta's LastesT T A~ald:-ml Mother'is Last Farewell, Is. 6a. ; Yoa Need na' Came Cloating Ite, 2s.; the Lovers Letter-box, 2s.; lily Mother's Gentle Woud. On the Banks of a beautiftl River. Her Bright Smlae Hitlsts me Still, a Mother's Iost Farewell, and the Postavn's Knock, s 23td. each. onudon.Robert Cooks and Ot. hNeWBrlttton-treet. FT¶HE PUSSY QUADRILL~s (very e~asy), fori the L planOforte By ALPHONSE LEOUC. S~ie Se.. duet 4a. Piceis i ;lll u s t r a ted . h e li v e e s t d a n c e o f t h e r e a so n . v fT h e w v es r al io n is welte w!othafme.3t Lo3tdfreon, roberpt Cock sam.LndCo.,B iilm vcjlz.- by STEP GLOVsER,ni3llusutated, Us.' he otmnain's Knok Qoadrltez, PrillStt Se1^°a., duets 4s. each. gin- the first appear. ant o th rnonedLace's oaullto n se hs veracsure't W) athing a opurity aBs tephfewon Glovs'st ote Qa eS . The Poat. mAn's noc Qoades, are rapidly attaining an e ppu!ar;y. Lon,don,B RoXb3ert tlveapemo2eaDovef6 Cockse and Co.p RICHARDS' A1ofTEST PIANoUSIC.Nel or pin ml sat,), wlth variations, is. Warbl6dg, oata Byoo. JYe.; heNaiad's D3ream,ps.the Echo Noctorce, Is.: M arie, Ncclurne.O~3e..Setenad Op 61, Is. ; the Fers. IAbec,Romance, VOUnatry boca eMoic6s.eoleons of l Wales1hb, 12 btoks, 35ach. London, B obee t Cacksdand Co., Niate-teet Bru gtn-street, lTO VINCENT WALLACE's LATEST PIANo- VT C*gX FORT7 I CT- EKinlochc of Kinloch, and I'm o'er soung to marrynes3otto, Bsewhe Glndm Night is B3gatheringfa;end ithe L,s 0' ST Gorl is,An d Roi 1a',{ and the Basti Bows, ISe eai Dunds,ea 001UDOSCn ,an My ain kndyhtbeanle. o. Yjoh Andersend my Jo, and Thou h t lefeni-3t me evet,. Jamb, Br.; C4ar'l6e ismy d lng iRLANDTP biPyG,. A. OSBORNE-Fante a on ahitc Soof the eAg BeuirA, for the PiUaoforte. Pfrie 3s. post free. (Ihppel ad C., O, ewBond-street. PRINLY RIHARD'I 1 PIANFORTE1 ~_TU~TOR, 1.3 prie tms. TIhe best,the newest, and cebapest of all instruction books, containing60 paesof full-sized musi, all neOsar , elementa instruchtionhresalse, exercnd a great vtX3t&artidety of the most popular themesas rogressive lessons.Theattentionof all proterors Is exaressly requstedi to Chitmot uefulw ork; 8tt6 also to Bririee Richards' ur ret of short reines, price Is., iontened as introductions to any 7kWritten for amateurs; and to the new Octave Itulais, ancmpoer,prce o. d.Chapel, 0, New Bond- Isreclt;tv dvrvpe.n.Df ndi d3n 6 xodte EIIjIROEN FOUTAiN POLKA,by C MAFR.E IRIO PP, beeaemu3tifully BluustrateOid In Couzr, witth novel effcts. This is udecidedl one of theh best polkas bytohi talented author, and is porcace by ver pary tat aa hardit paye. Itis asyand offeo- tie.tIT A Pois- Te 3s oCdfreo eepto tms ondon B.e Willams, 1,Paerot0er-Ub'row. t BXdPre O nOrb,b ARRIODT's NEW DCE MUSIC forty M Iustratd in Colous dial dpe o hita rsne viz. :-Les Fruit du Eali doa .60.WaeLlyQdileprc Is. ; Le BouLquet de t,'OpeaQarle s;te rdc aon Waltz, price 3s.;, Adela Wlz s;Foe onanPla c n of the abovefraddfe nrcito tms odn .Wl lams, 11, Ptrotrrw TA CALAMAICA, new dance by C. MARRIOTT, .L.4with figure and deecrlptzon. This elegant dance will no doubt became as poPular as the Bchottiehe. The Melody in exquisite, arrangemsnt sinpe and effective. Prioe 2e., post free ont receipt of stamps, Lorndon, B. Williams,~ 11, Patermoster-row. TJENRY FAR El ~BIOU Of WEW DA-NCE JI.L MdUSIC, beautifuDllyIustrate bBrdadIn colours, Price 163.65.. postage free JosephWilas12.Cepd. IVUSIC.-DIRTI BEN M T O RBI,Ar~ia, ikLEO.i. C0. OLonedale, mnsical circulating library, for town country, or a6broad., Terms from two guineas per annum-26, Old Bond-Etreet. W E. MONTSONGERY' EWWITby HE nRy be hd, b th sam cusb b- Nw kOampoced by TEPHEN (ILOVE. Price Is.. ost free. A. ligt ad leain meodyan beutfuly Ilutraedby Branland. V OUMAYWIN IM ACKBY KINDNESS. J.Comesedby W F. RIGHON. rice2a. An elegant m - tes'y.The wods, by3' B.Carcetes araolofsniet and truithfulnss. ondn. Bewe andCo. 21.Bisopsgte-treet within. f~jHE OSEOf ASTILLE.CALLCOOT'sy NEW LDlJTS,fromBale'sadmired0 oea, In two books, with Flote Accopanmen adIll.,oontaining all the favourite airs;, als the Pianoorte olos.Cram r. Reals, antd Co.. tilt, Re gent-street. IATHISLE ~ndI'LL TOM-Et to Y0 U M Y L=AD. 'j .etty Treftz's niew ballad, song and nIghtly encored at Jullien's 'neI= . Composed by' GEORGE LXN'LEY. ronbllielse by Cramer peae en Ca, 201. Regent-street. TItARRIOTT's OAPTYiVEPO~L]KA. T~he geatest bl ht of the season. Beautifally illustrated : sent free per post for I5 stamps. Imhof and MudOs, 547, Oxford-Btroet, London. All the new musis at half-price. IATETROPs UNVERSAL PSALMODIST, ia VYtuheig repte,his been reduced in price iromulis. to 83.,i and theseprat vicepars,from Ss. to 2s., In order to bring the work witintherechof vey hoir.-&.T.FPurdy, 46, High Holborn, Ireee PRESENTSX f or CHiRISTMAS and t3e or entpos fre.-EA ER and COZ. 63, New Bond-street, corner DELHI. Composed by JOHN L. Pr2ea.,postagefree. Fhisalesomoreu-dinHatbeteyo n ational song it will rankc wits .'The B3rave Old4 Temraro" "heDethof Nelson."-The Siege of Kars," do The ceeisiveitver peasng Doff and Hodgeon. 65, Oxford-stret. 121 M~'aROYA MODRN IANOFORT7E it TUOR. 6 page, imprialmosat sire, from engraved Plates, conuinng he lemntsotMoso an entirely niew plan, five Finger Execlse,Scaes Prlues, and 5o the most popula melodies, price ii.D'Amale ad C., 0, Shoquaro (IHRITMAS SONG- ThoGood RheiuN Wirv'0. sung, with great aDPpluse, by Mr. George Tedder ; pnblished, wins Vocal Chorus, Piano, and Rend Parta for an Orhest4ra, by J. Gray. Illustrated by Ramage and L'Enfant, in colours. Price Is. e4. Chappel l, ond-street. il~rUSI for te VIOAIN, Concertina, Ie, -- 20 SOLAEO1US AIBS, 13., post free, containing quanlles olks, anoinns, ong, d.,easily arranged for the vioin,fino, oncrtia, r ay tebl intruen; being one of Davidsons mslst msacea~Davoso, Pters-bll,St. Paul's, and all bo-oksellrs.I n rdeingthisboo becarfulandorder Davidsoni's edtitor. LE~~ NEWEST DANCE U-SIC for the -L apde ChalOns, Los9 Echos de la ULore, Li Visx Pri, Pse, ad ese'sLancers Quadrilles, each Is.; Amer Mat Vlse,Is. 4.; Ij'las Rot, and Laucers Polka%, a-ea 2s. Losdun,Behst Ccksand Co., New Burllugton-aioatrsW - and of all muisles. N .E.Pi anos5forEHire,aa t is.per muothandonwards. ITAVELOK's LUCNOW MARH, -by WU. ofLMONTGOMEPo , 68. each, by Poet seven stamps: also his Ross of satfePola-Mzura, tarOf ths Ball Redowa, and La Calamalr % jliew dance). 64dah b ot1.-Musical Bouquet-office, 192, HI gh lIT . MOTGOMRY'5NEWWALTZES and s, GALOPS.prc68eahbyns stms:atesT. viata, Rlgo;etto, Trovtr,Lcel oga~aabl,Sryo the Ocean, Whispers ofLv.Dem fCiDhod. Blue Eyes, Gatherings from the Orhr,Bloa.adSa-pnldBne;glp0 Excursion, Peep ofDaChv auet-office, 192, MIgh ehr.C a ean Whlgi.Msc B- V e-ack te Giat-kiler, Aabian NigtsBegrs' fOprth Ba, 3 in Bats De Coats e Bzan,nsktees,Bepheer,BonieBr onds,. Bouquet office. 102, High Hogborn. _~~~~3 2Aal.i; rsls 3; duesi, ZEL These be%ul1fal quad-Wle-, being for small ha ands vary simple boast an unrivalle4 and nniversal popularity, Alc, by the same ('lmpser, the Midsummer Qua. drilles, and tbe Lttle Fairy Quadries-lbothothehichsst men' Solos 2 . dueta, 3s. Poll free, J. Wiiams, 12i , higheapstds.e ^[}DNDEIgSSOEN's C E R I SET M YMN "Harkng theHeralid Angels Sing." Prie Is, Sent free on reesptD vL Pianoferte Solos, Dempleto In 4 vole, £-i. llOveruresaduets,voL3h orSolo 20t.; 7Iieongs,lv ot., SIs. 6d. 20 Vcal uarttte,12vo. Is 19 Two Part; Songseubud in papercolor, andgil edes,Os Caaloueserais-Ewer and ('Jo.30, Oxford-etreet. EW n d Co.'S PINOORTE ALBUM for ow rea,metropo This album In the =0stosupb ere, 4 b- Belid i thi contry Itcontains 260 new compositions by thelse Liszt, George Fesca, At anr rgr sp indid Wlnsi u Workever producedb, raesg Bg Will. mPerdotpheros Andbtuh Tah-mOTe over is in theth ubie elao gorgeon. 0 tyle, the bindi inad pro lie. S nl erecwloud are hnthe greit varlot,y. byfr.Brandard. M. DAlb,,b sctpoo NxPiesodnNorthiAlbnSm a number of now waltzeAs no mffitue oxade, mazfuriae, and wthy the publesfers fte braves nof th ave, Iong in,Leonth Lee, a etra poiteaumculrsical rvepstry Pub Abelr Stnretf Wree,Od W Gz.,9aadtPWi0,d21t US.'ALBERT's ALBUMOR aod l5,Th mostA U=!Z,treAAe solo; duet Cs^tt 2 en MusiALW EDuc surpgtalow all tisa puari copos' praeviou Atluson, The over heoat erate andt aU gorgeous stylem, thebndingin wtberan plical athe onroditeatlons areoitquestodt variety bMar. Brandaed.to to p 'AeYo rth!aspotnmpoedt i vardel' irerhi Abum ag onumbreiP of new alOtzesd, new q111amue, 1 polas,azrkas,eer-o.; an th puls_sfe ofiec nsuc logIt asthemostatractveinceU , e ulioed. Price Sentfreeh pellando,49and New ex-re -e laR OTs TRVAOR andfi T,BtBlL BJIRAIATA:/ rn ZELI,p Drpulcerorch rso alo;doets,Yo bs;spiett, Is-orri shestra, is, Thes admred eta haffve onew , beomeonvel faom asUlts and.teBag Tof the season played at Her Maesty' Seateno Bali anl
THE IRMY. The following important regulations in reference to the Staff College at Sandhurst have just been issued to the different regiments of Her Majesty's army:-. "HorseGuards, S.W., Dec.17. "The Qaeen having been pleased to approve the name of the present senior department of the Royal liiUtary Col. lege at Sandhurst being changed to that of Staff College, wh2ch college is to be placed under the charge of a com mandant, with a quartermaster and staff non-colnmissioned officers on its establishment; and Her Mfajeaty having also approved the foUowing regulations for the admission to, and for the studies of officers at the college, and for other matters connected therewlth, the same are hereby published for general information:- " (1). The Staff College will be open to officers of all arms of the service, and wil consist at first of 30 students, in the proportion of 25 from the cavalry, Guards, and Line, to five from the two Ordnance corps, admission to the college being determined by a competive examination. " (2). lo payment wll be required from student .o the iunds of the college. "(3). The qualifications requisite for admission are- " A ^previous service of not; less than three years, exclusive of leaves of absence. "2. A certificate from his commanding officer, that the candidate is an intelligent, zealous, and well-conduited officer, and thoroughly acquainted with al his daties. " 3. The candidate, if not a captain, to have passed the examination for a troop or company. " 4. A medical certificate of good health, and fitness for the active duties of the staff. ' (4). Commanding officers of regiments will, in every case, forward appltcations for admission to the Staff College through the general ofricer in command, to the AdjatantGeneral, If the commanding officer of the regimenb, or the general officer ia command, cannot recommend the ap. pllcatlon of any canitidate, the grounds of objection to be "(5). The competitive examination for entrance to the Staff College will comprise ths following subjects, the relative values of each at the examination being shown by the aumber of marks attached t;o it. Mathematics ... ... . . 1,200 M5iltary history and goography .900 French . ... .., ... .. 300 German ... ... .. ... ... 300 Fortfication ... ... ... ... 300 Mfiitary drawing ... ... ... ... 300 Geology .... .. ... ... ... 130 ChG .., . 150 "In mathematics 400 marks will be allotted to arithmetic, the first four books of Euclid, and algebra, including questious producing simple equations; and of this numbor at least 3l0 must be obtained for qualification. ,In French 75 marks, at least, must be obtained for qualific¢ati on . '"The remaining subjects, as wiell as the higher portions of mathematics, may be taken up or not at the option of the candidate, the marks Rained thereon being reckoned iu 4e. termining his position ia the jist of competitors. " It is to be understood that these qualifications wi ll be rased so soon as the system shall have been a sufficient time in operaton to enable officers to come up for examina. tion better prepared. "After the year 1858 the candidate will, in addition, be expected to have a sufficent use of the pencil to be able to drarw from an example or object placed before him. " In regard 'Go military history, the candidates will be required, when sending in their apphication for admiAsion to the college, to state what has been the course and extent of their readlng, In order that the Councl of Military Education, in framing the examination papers, may be enabled to select for each candidate some one or more important cam. paignS which he will be expected to describe in detail. " (6.) The examination of officers serving in the united kingdom, for entrance to the Staff College, will be held in London, ander the direction of the Council of Military Educationi. " In the case of officers serving abroad, the examinations of such as shall be allowed to compete, will be conducted by means of the same printed questions as are set for the examinatlon of candidates in London. These questions will be answered in writing in the presence of a board of oificers which will be appointed by the General officer In command, and whloh will certify that the candidate has obtained no assistance from books, or help of any kind in the examination. "(7). The college course of study will commence an. nually on the 1st of February. The transmission of the printed examination papers to stations abroad wil be so arranged that the claima of the candidates may be decided upon in time to admit of those who are successful in joining the Staff College by the 1st of February next ensuing. "(8). The following will be the cotrSe of Instruction at the Staff College, viz.:- "in mathematics, the minimUnm course will include Budid, algebra, mensuration of planes and solids, trlgono. metry, andthe application of those subjects, and elementary mechanics, "The Frenchlanguage, German, and Hindostanee (the two latter optional). "Fortification and artillery. "Topographical drawing, military survey, and sketching, Reconnaissance. "Mllitary art, military history, and geography. Military administration, including the organization and equipment of armies In the field. "Military legLslation. "Elements of natural philosophy, chymnistry, and geo. logy as applied to the military sciences, by lectures. "Exercise in composition wil be afforded to the student during the whole course of instruction in writing memoirs or essays on the subjects of the course. "(9). The above course of study wil occupy two years, wihch period is not to be exceeded except in cases of ilLness with the sanction of the General Commandingin.Chief. " The yearly course will be divided into two terms-viz from the Ist of February to the 15th of June, and from the 15th of July to the 15th of December, the irtervening periods constituting the vacations. " (10). As officers may be expeoted to join the college with very varied degrees of attainment, provision will be made to 'enable any student who may be weU prepared in any partlcular subject to attend more especially to other sub. jects in which he may feel himself deficient. If, for instance, the student should come to the coUege previously well-Instructed in mathematics, he will be enabled to direct his attention principaUy to the military sciences, or to languages, in lieu of mathetical studies. " (11.) Dtring the whole course monthly reports of the progress of each student will be forwarded by the Con. mandant of the Staff College, through the Governor of the Royal Military College, to the Council of Military Education. " There wil be examinations at the end of every half. year, the summer examination being conduced by the pro. fessors of the colege, and the winter examinatlon by examiners independent of the establishment. "The winter examination at the termination of the first year of the students course wiU be probationary, and any students who may appear unlikely to qualify themselves for the final examination at the close of the second year wil be removed. Should, however, any marked caso of defi. ciency or neglect be brought under the notice of the Council of Military Education at any half-yearly examination, or at any other period, such atudent will be also liable to removaL "c (12). The following will be the marks allotted to eaeh subject at the final examination Marks. Mathematics . ..6 00 (Theory ..400) Fortification and artillery Drawing 100 600 Memoir ..0. 0) Military drawing and surveying . ... 3 00 Reconnaissance ..........400 Militaryart, mllitary history, and geography, with memoirs ... .6 ,, .. 00 Military administration and legislation .. 300 French .. .. .. .. .. ... 300 " In the above subjects the officers will be expected to obtain at least one-half of the number of marks allotted to them. The following subjects can be taken up or not at the option of the candidate; but one third of the marks assigned to each must be gained, In order that it may be alowed to count in determining the candidate's place on the list, Marks. German .. .. .. .. .. 30 Hindostanee .... ' 300 Naturea PhUosophy, Chymistry, and Geoiogy, as appRled to military science ... .. . 200 (13.) Any officer may, with the sanction of the General Commanding in Chief, compete at the annual final examination without previously passing through the college,; and, further, any officer who desires to enter the college for one year only will be permitted, ffthere be a vacancy, to proEent himeself at the flirst annual examinationiof the junior division of students (who will then have completed their first year), and, if qualified, may join the college accordingly. In each case the qualilications noted in paragraph 3 (above) will be required. "(14. After tie final examination the Council of Military ecation will draw up and submit for the consideration of the General-Commanding-inChlief a list of the successful candidates, arranged in three classes according to merit, with a special report of those who particularly distinguish themselves, whose names will also be mentioned by the council in Its annual report. " (16.) The first anual college examination under the o system above desoribed will be held in December, 1858. " (16.) Officers who shalthave passed their final examinatons at the Staff College will be attached to each of the arms successively in which they have notpreviously served. They will be required to attend drills, parades, and field-days, and theY will avail themselves of every practicable means of making themselves generalty acquainted with the dis. clhpllne, interior economy, field movements, and duties of "Certificates to this effect will be forwarded to the Ad. jutant-General-in the case of officers attached to the Artillery, by the inspector of drills at Woolwlch ; and in the case of officers attached to regiments of cavalry or infantry, by the officers commanding such corps. "It Is presumed that a period of six months with each arm will be the utmost that will be required in this re. spect. "(17). The order of the 9'h of April, 1857, relative to the qualifications of offlcers for staff appointments, will continue In force untl the tst of January, 1860, when the system which has been above detailed wil have fully come Into operation; and the examinations referred to in that order wiU be conducted under the direction of the Council of Military Educain "Officers, however, who have attained the rank of lieutenant-colonel will be exempted from the operatiun of that order. " After the 1st of January, 1860, no officer wil be appointed to the staff who shall not have gone through the taff College, or passed tho final examination of that oollege paagraph 13), with exception of those who shall have attained, ax that date, the rank of lieutenant-oolonel, and in every case excepting officers of proved ability in the field. "{18.) Although the course of mathematics at thoe ol. lege has beea limited to that amount of knowledge which is considered essential to complete the edacation of the staff offlcer, it is probablo that many officers maydesize to parse their mathematical stadies to a mauoh higher pOinlt, and any candidates, therefore, who shall have proved their fitnss for employment in the ordnanee survey or in the topographical department, by snpenior progress ia the science of geodesy, as wrellas of topographY, will be named in the annual report of the Concil of Mlilitary Education to the Secretary of State for War, asdeerving employment in those servnee8. " By order of his Royal Highness the General Command. irg in Chief. "o G. A. WETED3RALL, Adjutant-Gencral"
ARMY PURCHASE COIAfISStON. The following report of the Right Hon. Edward EPllice, PkLP., Lieutenant-General Edward Buekley Wynyard, C.B., and Major-General Sir Henry John Bentinck, E.O.B., members of the Comnmission upol Purchase, has beel presented to Parliament - "We have given the fullestconsiderationtothereport made to your Majesty by the other members of the commission which your Majesty has appointed to inquire into and report their opinions on the present system of purchase in the army. Agreeing generally in the report, we regret that oulr sense of duty prevents our concurring in the partial change recommended Sn regimental promotion, that the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel should in future be filled by selection. "All the witnessess examined upon the commission concur in opinion, which opinion is confirmed by the moat distinguished foreign officers who have lately served in the field with your Majesty's forces, that a British regiment, as at present organized, Is equal, if not superior, to any similar corps in the world. We are of opinion that every improvement should be adopted, every exertion made, still further to promote the discipline and efficienoy, and to maintain the superiority of our regimental force. We also fully admit the abstract objections to purchase. We should not be prepared to advise the introduction of the principle if we did not find it already established and interwoven with our whole regimentalsystem. But we have in vain endeavoured to elicit from the witnesses most loud In their condemnation of the system any other scheme of regimental organization which would secure to your Majesty's service a better or so good a class of offlcers, accelerate promotion, so as to bring reglmental officers at an active period of their lives Into the higher ranks of the army, provide indemnity for the officers who have purchased their couunisions, and at the same time obviate the evils complained of in the existing system. Our colleagues so far agree with us that they have been unable to recommend more thau a very limited modification in the system of purchase. "There is no recommendation in the report in which we agree more cordially than in the necessity oE adopting au amended system of education and examination, both as respects officers enterin the army and at a subsequent peod of their service. we think it essential, also, that every security should be taken against the irregular promotion of offScers of inexperlence by uandue inflnence or by the joint operation of exchange and purchase, which has been the subject of complaint in former times. These complaints would have been the same whether purchaso had existed or not, nor do edaucation and proficiency in miltary knowledge affect the question. Under a vigilant and honest administration of their duties by the military authorities the samo proficiency in this respect would be required on the promotion of an officer, whether by or without purchase. "Our hesitation in agreeing to this partlalchange in the system of regimental promotion arises from the following considerations:- " In the first place, the making the rank of lieutenantcolonel the exception to the general rnle of purchase in the regiment would remove none of the general objections urged to the principle. The objections 'to buying and selling places of emolument'-' viclous in principle, and repugnant to the public sentiment of the present day ;' the demand of a sum of money from a young man entering the service,' ' his whole means being invested in his commission,' ' his promotion being dependent on his prse; the effect of purchase in discouraging exertion, in depressing merlt, and the habit of extravagance which the introduction of young men of wealth is supposed to encourage; if these objections, so much Lnsisted upon by one class of witnesses, and so counterbalauced by the advantages of the system in the opinion of others, are really destructive to the efficiency and character of the army, neither remedy nor mntigation could be found for them in the mere selection of lieutenant-colonels. It would appear more reasonable, with a view to arrest those evils, to begin with the abolition of purchase for the first instead of the last step In regimental promotion. "1 All these objections have been considered by the Dake of Wellington and the other high miltary authorities in the commission of 1840, who, notwithstanding, concurred unanimously in recommending the maintenance of purchase. "Sincethe reportof that commission the Indian Government, in consequence of stagnation in promotion in their service, have coafirmed and sanctioned a practice which has gradually been growing up, for the officers in a regiment to contribute to a pafor the pmuchase of the higher ranks in their corps. We understand that a similar practice, from the same reason, is creeping into some of the continental armies. We believe that it would be very difficult, if selection for promotion to the commands of regiments were ado tedw nepurchase Is generally retained, to prevent the application of money to create vacancies in cases where officers had means of information as to their chance of succeeding to them. "It appears to us that if the principle is to be maintained at all, it iS equally essential It should be maintained In the higher as in the lower regimental ranks. If no hope is given to the junior officers of succeeding in their turn to the command, the ties which bind them to the regiment and their comrades may be seriously impaired, and the greatest incitement to professional exertions taken away. An officer enters the service, whetherl by parchase or not, on the condition and with the full knowledge of the regulations concerning promotion, and can have no cause of complaint if the officer prepared to purchase, and considered qualfied by the authorlites at the Horse Guards, succeeds to his promotion according to these regulations. But a very different feelng would be occasioned if an officer selected during peace, not for distinguished conduct in the field, or from any acknowledged superiority, was placed over the heads of his comrades. His promotion would naturally be ascribed to favourltism or inf'lence. This might take place in a regiment stationed in some distant and unhealthy colony, where it would be considered a still greater act of Injustice from the other offieers having had to incur the dangers of a long and irksome service, while the selected lieutenant-colonel had been gaining his promotion by easy service In some comfortable staffappo-iment at home. So strong vould be this feeling, in the -*)inion of his Royal Bighness the Commander-in-Chief, that he could not undertake to contend with It. His Royal Highness can conceive no possible standard on which the army would be satisfied with selections of hleutenant-colonels, and is convinced that the attempt would end in promotion to that step, which it is so important officers In the prime of life should be brought forward to fill, being whoUy governed by seniority. Lord Grey, the only other witness examined on this point, was of the same opinion. "if the object of the proposed change is to secure greater care in the appointment of officers to command regiments, an object in wvich we entirely concur, that mnay be aeccomplshed by a firm exercise of the undoubted duty of the Commander-in-Chief to interpose his veto t the advancement of officers by purchase, whom he believes or may be advised are incompetent to the charge of the higher rank. His Royal Highness states that a more stringent use of his authority in this respect would be much facilitated by the support of public opinion, which we are satisfied wil not be withhel from it. This check on the appointment of lieutenant-colonels, if exercised with caution and discretion, would be much aided by the option of retirement on sale being reserved to the offlcer, and would in our opinion be as great a security against the appointment of inefficient men to command regiments as the proposed means of selec. tioni. "It Is true that this power has always existed, and that the exercise of it has hitherto been unusual; but on some occasions it has been resorted to, and the army would be satisfied with its more frequent application, although it might be consfdered a hardslip by Individuals whose promotion was stopped by It. "We do not enter upon financial considerations and arrangements which must be the consequence of the proposed alteration. It could not be adopted without the fullest indemnity to field officers for the money they have paid for their commissions, nor without some new arrangemeats for the emoluments and retirement of general officers, who had been selected without puorhase forthe rank of ISeutenantcolonel, and who would no longer have a claim to the present scale of emoluments, after having received compensation for their commissions. It wounld be farther expe olent to provide other inducements to old officers to retire if the privilege of the sale of their commissions, after 20 years' service, whether they had parchased them or not, was taken from themn. These inducements would be still more necessary if the attempt to select lleutenant colonels should end, as his Royal Highness and Lord Grey are of opinion, in promotion to that rank being wholly by seniority. 'It is said the selection of commanding officers in the service of the East India Coi any has succeeded so well that the same practice may he intoduced with advantage into the regular army. That selection, however, only takes place after the officer has arrived by seniority, or frequently by purchase, to the rank of lieutenant-colonel, A reference to the age of these officers will at once show that the adoption of their system would In no respect benefit your Majesty's service, These reasons make us entertain serious doubts of the expediency of any partial change in regimental promotion. We shrink from the responsibility of throwing out mere suggestions, which may disturb without amending the present system, be unsatisfactory to the army, and paralyze during the suspense they may lead to the current of promotion, which it must be the great object to encourage. Greater stringency in examinations as to professional education and attainments will be an adequate security against abuse of purchase. We are not of opinion, however, that the principle of competitive examination should be adopted, which can afford little proof of the moral and physical qulalities essential in military life. -- We agree with the other membirs of the commission that the commands of regiments should be held for a certain fixed time, as is now the case with staff appoint. ments. Such a change would give great impetus to promotion, and be acoimpanied with other advantages which it is unnecessary to detail. But even this alteration must be cautiously onsidered with reference to tofficers who may be sti for active service, and whO wouold be redued, without sormc further arrangement, to half-pay. A selection from this class of officers, who would have gained great experience in the cornmand of their regiments, if otherwise qualified to higher appointments on the staff, would appear expedient. When not so selected, it would be necessary to make some allowance adequate to the difTerence of pay til they attain the rank of maor-generaL The option of leaving the service, retaiing their nominal, or even a superior, rank, or some payment of money equivalent to the value of their commissions, might b e an inducement to officers to reire who had litte hope, from their age, of Arriving at tho higher rausa and emolumenta of the profession. All chngos of this description mnst entxll expense, which w"iL however, be borne cheerfully by the pblic if they eon. tribute to the efficiency of the army. "' We think it right to advert, with referenoe to the pro. posed changes, to the comparlsons that have been made between the promotion of the army and navy, asd between our own regimental system and that of other countries. "All promotion in the navy is in the service generally. No analogy exists between the organizstionof a ahlp an that of a regiment. The ship is commissioned, the offloezg and crew appointed for a certxin period, when the crew are paid off, and the officers reduced to half-pay, tllS their icp vices are again required. SelectSon is lews dIfficult in time of peace, vvhen opportunities always occar for the displar of the pecaliar qualities and personal slsill and conduct which distinguish the character of a superior offlcer. "A regiment, on the other hand, is a permanent body depending for its excellence on the general fellowship of permanent set of officers-on their general relations with the non-commissioned officers and men under their com. mand-a high esprit dt comps-and the prservation of old associatIons and recollections connected with its history and achievements. The officers during peace have few opportunities of distinction, and are often, from the nature o the duties imposed on the English army, removed on the most irksome employment from the scene of active service and distinction. It would he hard if, on that accoant, they should be deprived of their chance of promotion, after having entered the ervice on the faith of existlng regulations. " It is admitted that the regimental organisation in the British army is in no respect inferior to that of forelgn armies. Of course the reative state of society in differeni countries-the differeaoe between voluntary and compulsory service-must be taken into consideration fn attempting to form any compaIson between their military instit. tions. In this free country, it is essential to the mdan tenance and popularity of a permanent m5litary force that the independence of our offlcers should be upheld and respected. The anthorities in charge of our military administration are called upon to juify their advice with respect to appointments by selec. tion, and frequently have to explain and defend them against the suggestions of partiality and prejudice. Our army is suddenly increased on any emergency of war, and as suddenly reduced on the returrn of peace. A system of half-pay and other arrangements necessary to meet the incidents of this changing condition become necessary, which exist in no other country. On the whole our regimental oficers are younger than those in other services, especlally In the French. If selection, much more eas when troope are acting together in large bodies, and more or less engaged in actual war, or preparation for war, brings forward occac sdonally younger offioers to the higher ranks seniority tends to stagation in thelower ones. "The commission of 1854 has already recommended to your Majesty the selection of officers for higher ranks on the staff from officers having attained the rank of colonel, after three years' service, la the command of regimenta, The junior ranks of the staff are equally filld by selection. We entertain a strong convictIon that if selection of the staff is Judiciously exercised, and the general regulations strictly adhered to, that no officer shall be permitted to remain on the staff beyond the limited term of five years, the complaints, of which so much has been heard lately, of the ineficiency of our military system will receive their best and most satisfactory answer. The principal complaint has been, not of the regiments, but of the manner in which they have been directed, provided for, and handled by the staff, on service and in campaign. Purchase cannot have given grounds for that complaint, for purchase has only influenced regimental and never staff appointments or promotion. Whether the adoption of other reforms and ameliorations, admitted on al hands to be necessary in our mslitary system, may in the end place the army on the efficeent and satisfactory footing expected by the country, or whether it may still he necessary, at some future time, again ht raise the question that has been sub. mitted to our examination, wve do not pretend to anticipate. If the abolition of purchase shall ultimately be determined upon, we are certain that the arrangements to be substituted for it will bs best left in the hands of the executive Government, unfettered by the suggestions or recommenda. tion of partial changes of doubtful expediency and of didi cult awcomplishment., We submit these reasons humbly and with great deference to your Majesty for differing in opinion wlth our colleagues in the commwiecon as to the ex. pediency of recommending this alteration in our regimental systemX which we fear might only produce discontent throughout the army, lead to uncertainty and hesitation in; existing arrangements, and produce no adequate benefit to your Majesty's service. "EDWARD ELLICE. "EDWARD BUCKLEY WYNYARD, Lnsv,^.-GsSx, "H. BENT3NCI, MAoR-Gx_-A. "1Aug. 3."
ENGLISH TRAVYLLERS IN THE TYROL. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIhIES. Sir,-7e Tinmes of Nov. 30 last contained under the head of Austria an accaunt, copled from the Messenger for the Tyrol and Vorarlberg, of an accident that occurred to two young Englishmen in crossing the Mutterberger Ferner (glacier) on the 11th of September last. The statements of this paper are most incorrect. As they are also such as to reflect on the character oe Bnglish tourists as well as our own, I trust you w-ill kindly give publicity to the following corrections:- We, the "adventurous sons of Albion," did not "insiston crossing, thoughadvised not to doso bythe guide, ons Jacob Tdaller," but this same Jacob Miller, though (per. haps) " an old chamois-hunter," did insist on going without a rope and evenwithout an Alpen*stock, though questionei beforehand about them, and subsequently on the weather becoming stormy, when asked if it were safe to proceed, urged us to do so. Within half an hour of his saying so, I one of the young men lost his footing," or, rather, fell through a treacherous ice.bridge, into the "I revas" while following in IiiUer's footsteps. The guide did not even examine the strength of the Ice before stepping over the crevas. Had he done so, or had we been tied together with a rope (as usual) there would have been little danger; as it was, but for God's mercy, destruction was certain. Upon this Miuller, so far from sholing courage, com. pletely lest his head, and Was directed by the other young Englishman to fetch assistance and that rope which he had neglected to bring. No doubt he then did his best in going to the nearest " Alpine hut," but he did not think It worth while to return with the "three men" who most coura. gpously came to my resoue. "Both the young Englishmen" were not carried, but walked to the hut, one supported by the arm of a man tn whom an extra gratuity was given in consequence. " The travellers" did not give "only one forma to three of the men and two francs to the fourth," but a five-feorin not3 to each of the three men and one florin extra to the rmxa above mentioned, besides the guide's fee of five flrins and an adequate remuneration for acoommodation, &c., in the hut; in all about 1h 17s. or 1U 18s., a considerable sum in that remote part, and such as woe could afford at the time. The herdsmen showed thenselves quite satisfied, both by their words " ta ti gradc" and by subsequent great atten. tion and kindness. The appeal to the " Stadtholder" after our departare was of course an attempt to get more money, and to advertise Mifier's name as gtide. The latter objeet I hope may be obtained by the aid of your columns, of continental as well as English influence, in the way of a warning to futura tourists against engaging the services of Jacob Milller, or any other unqualified person as guide in these remote and dangerous passes of the Tyrol. Whether it were right or not for Jacob Miller to be further rewarded, or, rather, to be censured, we cannot help saying that the $Stadtholder who trok such care that men were "properly paid" would do well to take care also that those who undertake to guide travellers are properly quallfied. We cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the herdsmen at the chAlet. Trusting that some of the above reasons may be an excuse for this attempt to encroach so much on your valuable space, I take the earliest opportunity on my return to England of giving the true account of the conduct of "TEE AT)VENTTTROTTR I a T1fC ,, Llncolnshiro, Dec. 17.
TEB MAIS, S c.-Sol ca. Tox Dec. 20.-The Peninsalar and Oriental Company's steamship Pera, Cap. tain Soy, sailea to day for Gibraltar, Malta, and Alexandria, with the fortnightly India and China malls, a large caro, and 1,318 boxes of specie, jewelry, &c.,value 359,0591. 1Zs. consigned as under: silver. Gold. Jewe'ly. Zs S. £ £ ,a.d Bombay . ..120,087 0 ,, 505 ,, 3 0ss 0 Aden . - .. . 1,tO .. 23 0 0 Ceylon - .. ~~~~~~~7,0 .. 010 0 Mdras - 9,S16 .. 1 osloutta. 1578I 1s .. 03 .. 0 0 Penang ..2,0 2 0 .. - *. sBgaporo IZ ss0 Iloeskong .. .. 6,& 1 ... - Bhangbal .. .. 1,810 0 M,Isb 2 :£16,554 ;£54 10 0 The Pera also takes out U9 passengers and a deta_hment oE the Royal Engineors, consisting of 120 men and 11 officers, en routc to Hougkong. Anong the passengers are Ca tai Lambort, Lieutenants Bird, Courtney, Papillon, and andford, Assistant-Surgeon, Hawkins, Hev. Mr. Mloule, for Hongkong; Captain Fraser, Lieutenant List, AssistantSurgeon Callaway, and 18 gentlemen connected with the medical staff, for Calcutta i Colonel Atkinson, Lieutenant Pulley, for Madras; Ca ptain and Mrs. St. John, Captabx Sargent, Major Kirby, Rev. H. and Mrs. Pace, Lieutenant W. Colluin, Licutenant Ridgway, Assistant-Surgeon Mag. ruth, for Bombay, &c. The screw steamer Haamburgo, Captain Lacier, arrived here yesterday from the Spanish ports vith ive passengers and a cargo of fruit and wine, and leaves for Hauabarg on Monday. The sorew ste-amer Barcelona, Captain Argenti, arrived from Hamburg to-day, and sails to-morrow for the Spanish ports. The Royal Mala Company's steamship Australasian, Captain Sceales, left to. day for Portsmouth to embark- troops for conveyance to India direct, after disembarking which the Australamiat takes up her station on the other side of the isthmus in con. nexion with the Australin maiU line. The next malls fronm New York to this port are dae oa Thursday by the Fulton Captain Wotton, and the Alhambra steamer, Captain J. K. Joy, is due here on the same day wlth the malls from Gib, ralhar, Cadiz, Itsbon, Oporto, and Vigo.
RAIL WAY AND .W INIi BHEABS. Saturday Evening. In the railway-market there has been a further general advance of j to 1 per cent., which was eteadily maintained to the close, the final quotations In nearly every case being at the highest point of the day. South-Western were againl in demnand at a rie of 2 per cent; in other shares Great Northern and LJancashire and Yorkshire show the greatest !mpro'veznent. Gkreat Western were repurchased to Eome extent by recent speculative sellers. Colonial descriptions were better; Grand Trunk of Canada and East Indian closed respectively I and i per cent. above the last prices yesterday. French were slightly higher, and the smaller foreign lies continue in request at enbanced rates. In American securities Illinois Central shares declined $1. Canada Bonds advanced j per cent. Mines were dull, and the only important change was a reduction of 11. in Wheal Mlary Ann. Joint-stock banks were steady, and a fractional improvement occurred in Ottoman. In miscellaneous aecurites a further iise of 10s. took place in Austrian Agricultural.
COAL STATISTics.-From Messrs. W. and H. Laird's (Liverpool) Mont/dy Ex1port Coal List we find that the tot quantity of coal exported from Great Britain in the month of November last was 482,981 tons, aoainst 346,279 tons in the corresponding month of 1856. (§f the total quantity 97,779 tons wereshipped to France, 30,051 to Denmark, 14,471 to Norway, 5,522 to Sweden, 2,843 to Russia, against 817 tons in the correspondisg month last year; 12,008 to Austria, 33,586 to Germany, 23,644 to Prussia, 15,179 to Holland, 6,997 to Belgium, 2Z,807 to Spain, 6,935 to Portugal, 13,766 to Italy, 17,940 to the Mediterranean, 1,966 to Greece, 18,582 to Turkey, 18,246 to Africa, 900 to Australia, 55,943 to the East Indies, 23,589 to the West Indies, 22,981 to North America, 20,536 to South America, 6,033 to the Channel Islands, 1,401 to the Azores, 355 to the Canaries, 1,090 to Madefra, 4,731 to As. cension, 100 to New Zealand, and 664 to the Ladrone Island. From the northern ports the quantity exported In the month was 247,886 tons; from the Yorkshire ports, I25,512j from Liverpool, 51,323; from the Severn ports, 3-10,26 ; and from the Scotch ports, 47,997 tonps The gantity of coal and coke conveyed from all sourcew into the non dlstriot in the same period (November last) was, by rilway, 105,088 tons, and by canal 2,214 tons. QaRrTAL PALAcs.-HATx0ROw ) DAY, Saturday, Dec. 19,-Admssions on payment, 384; ditto by season tickets, 1,357; total visitors, 1,741.
STATE OF TRADE. MANOBESTER, DEO. 19. The demand this morning has been on the same limited scale as that of previous days of the week. There have been some few sales of most descriptions of cloth, but there Is eo sustained demand, and prices depend upon the position of buyer and seller, and have but little relatioa to either cost or value. Buyers are mostly either so indifferent aboutI urcbaAlng, or presume so much upon the large stocks on narrd, that sellers have to make inreased concessions almost daily to effect busine.s. The sales of heavy domestics, longclotbs, and T-cloths have been rather heavier this week than of late, but at lower prices. India cloths and yarns are rneglected, and the Gorman shipping houses are almost entirely out of the market, so that twist saited to that branch of trade is unsaleable. BIRMINGHAM, DEc. 19. The iron trade of South Staffordshire continues dull, freoh failures hare been announced during the week, the nu.n'ber of furnaces putout of fire is daily Increasing, and emplo ment in sosme districts is extremely scarce. It is stalbd that of the 157 blast furnaces which were in fire in September 57 are now out, 10 having been blown out before the panic, and 47 since the commencement of the present disasters. The resuumption of general businesmby theWolverhampton and Staffordshire Banking Company on Thursday morning had, however, the effeot of inspiring renewed confidence in that establishment, although it has not dissipated the general gloom which pervades the manufactrring districts. Prices of pig and finlshed iron cannot be quoted with certainty at the present moment, but we heard of no redaction by the best makers. The fact is few new bargains are effected, and few will be attempted until commercial matters become more settled. The preliminary quarterly meeting of the iron trade, which will be held in the course of the present week, is anticipated with more than ordinary interest. It is usual at this assemblage to determine, so far as its influence extends, the prices of iron for the ensuing quarter; bab it is questionable, such are the peculiar circumstances of the iron districts, whether prices can be fixed which will bind more than the leading firms, who at all times command a sale for their marked iron. The favourable advices which have been received from the United States encourages the hope of a brisk spring trade wlth that country, and maay have a tendency to confirm existing prices at the ensuing quarterlyimeetings, There is little new to be said with regard to the general trades and manufacturesof Birmingham. They are generally inactive. Commercial travellers who havo returned from their journeys represent the home demand for hardware as dull, and, although stochs are small, tradesmen are reluctant to purchase. The late reduction in the price of copper has led to a slight increase in the demand for that article, and the cabinet brass founders are generally better employed than other branehes of local trade. The American houses give more favourable accounts of the state and prospects of the trade with that country than a month ago. The Niagara brought better orders for general hardware, and considering the recent monetary panic a fair amount of remittances. Birmtngham, though largely interested in the American trade, has apparently suffered less by the late disasters than other manufacturing communities in the country. The lock trade at Willenhall and Darlaston and the chain business at Cradley are much depressed. The question of redaced wages now agitates the manufacturing districts, but hitherto peace has been preserved. Great numbers of the notices expire this evening, but it is hoped that the reduction wiU only be of temporary duration. A meeting of workmen was held at WiUenhaU on Wednesday, when the reductions were protested against, but the discussion upon the whole was temperately conducted, and a deputation appointed to wait upon the masters. Meetings of creditors of the various firms of the district which have suspended during the last few days have been held in the town or the dist at in the course of the week. Among those may be mentloned those of Dr. Mannix, coalmaster, of Wolverhampton; Messrs. Bute and Son, of Kingswinford; Messrs. Hawkes and Parks, of Wolverhampton; Messrs. kletcher and Green and Messrs. Morris and Son, of Tipton; and Messrs. Rose, Higgins, and Rcse, ironmasters. In each case attempts are being made to avoid bankruptcy, bat with what success time alone can show. It is feared that the winding-up of accounts at the approaching anarterly meetings, and the stringent recuirements of the wolverhampton Banking Company will cause additional painful disclosures. NOTTINGEIAM, SATuRDAY. The lace trade is much the same as reported last week, most branches being in an extremely dull condition. Factories are stiU working short time, and a great many operatives are out of employment. A few buyers have been in the market this week, but their purchases were only limited. Many houses are engaged in stock-taldng, and trade is not expected to thoroughly revive for a few weeks to come. Stocks on hand are low, and manufacturers are cautions how they produce goods. In the hosiery trade there is the same lethargy which has characterized this branch for so long a period past. Prospects stiU continue cheerless. Yarns and silk are lower, and it is probable they wiU experience a stiU further reduction. LEICESTEBR, SATURDAY. The hosiery trade continues deplorably depressed, there being little or nothing doing in any branch. A great deal of machinery is standing idle, and there is great distress amongst the frame-work knitters. The same deadness in trade pervades Hinckley, Loughborough, and other country districts. There is almost an absence of demand for either yarns or wools, and the system of short-time continues to be acted on. LEEDS, DEC. 19. There has been a good dealof uneasiness mnanifested in the woollen cloth trade this week, and a further check to business has been one of the consequences, through some fail. urea which have occurred in the district, and which have already been mentioned in zltec iYmes. The principal failures will most seriously affect persons engaged in the worsted trade, and will apply chiefly, in a local point of view, to Bradford and Halifax, and their vicinities; yet the evl infilence will be felt in somedegree here,for,besldeethe connexion which naturaUy exists between the two trades and many of the firms In them, a good deal of distrusthas been excited by the rumours of still more failures. To-day the feeUng of depression has scarcely been so great as it was yesterday and Thursday. No more suspensions have been announced, and statements are made-we must remark, however, that they are in a very vague form-that the affairs of the firms that have stopped daring the week will tarn ont better than was anticipated. In a few days somethin. like authentic information will doubtless be put forward, and until then it would be well not to be confident as to what is or is likely to be the trte position of affairs. T'here was certainly, all things considered, a cheerful tone in the cloth markets this maorning, but comparatively few goods changed hands. Both the home and the foreign trade are dull, and aU parties continue to acb with great caution, there being a complete absence of anything like specalation or anticipating of events. In reference to the suspension of Messrs. Saalfeld, Brothers, woollen-clo-h merchants, Leeds, London, and Hamburg, whose case has already been noticed in le Tines, hopes are held out that theiraffairs are in a much better position than they were first represented, and that, as the panic at 1amburg is now subsiding, there are grounds for believing that they will soon be able to resume business a-ain. It is understood that they owe a good deaf of money to the smaller manufacturers of heavy woollen goods, which are made chiefly at Yeadon, Morley, O2sett, Batley, and Batley Carr. Trade is very slack in most of these villages, but the operatives, as well as the manufacturers, are bearing the depression of the times with much equanimity. The local woolbrolcers are doing very little business, and prices are tending downward; but the absence of sales makes it difficult to quote prices accurately. In reference to the fictitious uphoding of the prices of the raw maaterial, the Lecds Intelligencer of to-day remarks:- "The largo stocks of wool hold by the Bradford houses which are unfortunately, embarrassed wIl havr to be realised, though pethapi not Immediately, and the fact that wool to the value of 4lO3.fco or £250,000, or even more, 13 waitlng to be put upon the market may wel in the pre3ent depressed state of trade, Increase the general distrust. This wool Is chiefly English and Port PhUlip, though not on tlrely so, and It is to theso operatlons that wo have from time t) time mace reterence durlug the summer. Extravagsnt 3peoulaton. aiming at the m:naouly of a raw commoilty, never yet answered and never will. It has boen trled many times in this country, on the con tmnent, and In Amnerlca-upon wool, cotton, sllk, oil, corn, an't the invarlable result Is ruin to those who attempt it. For a tlmo, and uD to a certain polnt. sush operations axe success!ul-that Is to saw, 'hey In' crease the toa'tlty ynd drlve up crise. Batlt then beom neconessary to maintsin these prices, which san only be done by continued par lbaees, and In case of sny yielding the market must be fetrthet 'propped.' We needo nt colow .the Process further; the system ot 'advancea,' with aU lIts attendant evils; the reducne demand wdhih follows a dimini-bhd sapply (the market always accom. modating It:slt to eTnts); and the impossibility of continuing pseculstive operatlons in any other than a rising market,-aU these have been demonstrated agaln and againi In the history of trade. The ardount of capital required for operations of this kind is something enormonu, and not only wealthy capitalists united together, bub aso united with power! t bhnks, have foundered in such attempts, The laws of commerce are as inlexIble as the laws of nature, and can never be offenoed with impunity. indigo is another c3se in point baving lately beea forced up to an absurd figare, and is now quoted at a reduction of from 20 to 21 per sent. on July prices. It has, however, gone out of tue in this dstrict, except for army and navy orders." I ~ ~ ~~~AIFAIXT, SATTURDAY. The worsted trade has been dull in all branches this week, the depression having been heightened by the failure of Messrs. S. C. Lister and Co. Piece goods and yarns sell but in small quantities, and the same may be said of wools, which are deolining in price, but they are only a shade lower this week than last. With the removal of the monetary difficulties at HTamburg a resumption of trade with Germany will talke place, and then a better condition of the worsted trade will follow. There appears to be ground for the hope that Messrs. S. 0. Lister and Co. will be able to surmount their present difficulties. The investigation into the state of their affairs has been gone into so far that they have fixed the meeting of their creditors for Wednes. day next, having issued a circular, of which the following is a copy: V entcepy n.-.ebet " Wellington M14 Halifax, DeC. 17. * Gentlemen.-We beg to acquint you that the meeting of our creditoravsill take plane at our counting-house here on Wedneeday next, the 2'd Last., at 11 oclock In the forenoon, when the favour of your attendance is Particularly requested. We are, gentlemen, your very obeditne erranas n " S. O. LIST'R and Go." BRADFORD, S,TuRDAY. Business this week has been nearly stagnant. There is a complete suspension of the American trade, and the German trade is ia almost a similar condition. What Is doing Is prlncipally for the home market, and for it tho transactons are few and smalL Prices are very irregular except as regards their downward tendency, and in the present state of things no quotations can be gfven. Both the worsted spinners and manufacturers are stil further ourt&ailng the pro. duction of yarn and goods, and in the ensuin Christmas week nearly aUl the mills in this neighbourhood will ba er, tlrely stopped. The gloomier aspect of commercial affairs here arises nainly rom the stoppages (already announced in l'he T7inm) of houses extensively engaged in the wool and worsted trade. The consequences of-these disasters bare fallen heavily upon the mercantile commuDity in this locality. By reason of tbese ovents and the runamour of further diffculties In the wool trade, the revival of confidenoe and lnterprife has received a check, and the prospect of a resumption of activity in this market is less favourable than it was thought to be a few weeks ago. From the statements authoritatively made as to the principal firms that have sasrended payment here, it is expected that the-r creditors ,will be eventuaUy paid in full, provided they allow time and do not press their claims unduly so as to compel an extraordinDry sacrificeof property. The suspensions in the wool trade referred to are stated to have arisen from extensive rurchases of wool having been made at high prices, in anti. cipation of the prices going stiUl higher. The refusal of further discountwaccommodation in London has been the immediate CaUse of the stoppages, DUBLINI, SATuTRmiY. The Customs receipts for the week to Thursday, December 17, inclusive, were 21,1051., against 19,1054 last week.
THE COBS TRADB. T.Tvvll4pDnnv. 1o-A - The trade here in wheat andi flOur haa become iasipid and dull. theo advanced Prile required by holders to-day quite cheoking balsioes3. This season Of thre Year Is generally Indicated by small transactions for Passing consumption, and althoughi prices are Considered as mode. a&tely IOW and safe the prevaillirg dearth of cash Inhibits speua-nteoa. N2OTTlNGH&si, DEO. 19. Thr weather continues uneasonably mild, The young wheat-s are very forward and are looking healthy. The cattle trade Is rather more active. At Nottingham the show c f Chl t-afat- stock WAS g03d, many ant-male being of a veru first-rate9 character; and there was an absence of those over-fed beasts which WI ro formerly alra-y sehown at this season of the year. The demand war tolerably good, last week'si prices being fully maintained, the prmneet- qualites ci teel 7's. Pd. per stone. Thira was a falr inquiry for sheer, (of Whish there was a good phowi, and psices did not differ fsom those of last week, good qLualities of muxtton realizing 71d. per b. In loan stork there WAN a fain aMoUnLt Of oBusoesas iranacting. Peicrs :-Beef, Os. Gd. to 7s. gd. per stones; mutton, 61d. to 3ad.. per lb. At- G.fingley fat stock were ini small supply, prices ranging from 7,. to Se. per stone. Superior cows and calves made hig'h prices. For interlor animals there wvas no demsnd. At- this comrnmarket there was a fair show of wheat to-day, and a gocd attendance of farmers and millers. Prices ruled Is. Per quar ter higher, the finest samples of white makking 6ie., and red 57eL per 36 at us. The supply of barley was about equal to the demand ; In the hst- samaples fully lest week'is rates wgere maiatained, ass molting making 480. per quarter;, gool grinding realizing 305 perI30 stone. Otatsmaintained their viaue. There was not much change Iatho prise of beans. Proises -Old white wheat, i. to 62s. 3d. ; ew,ditto,P0e. to 57s. ; old red, 50a. to 501,; new ditto. Ohs. to 2se. ; new south red, 5is, to 5se. ; white ditto, 6Os. to 045. per 36 stone ; now mailing barIey, 31s. to U4s. per quarter ; old grinding dItto, 23s. to 33s. ; new slit-to, 205. to 335. per 30 stone ; old Oats, 3se. to 3s.r l nevw ditto, 245. to S0s. ;new Iloregn ditto, 245. to l83, per 24 atone; old boanas, 44s. to Ole, new diftt, 380, to 42a. per 30 stone ; superfine flour, 32's. to ISs.,; fiue ditto, l4Os. to lOs. per 20 atone. LEIOESTER, DEc. 19. The weather is remarkably mild for the time of year, but, being dry, wheat bar come to band in rather better condition. There In very litte change in the piloo of fat stock, At Lelcester beasts Were in good supply and of superior quality. Prices did no'imateslally differ from those of lest week, psime qualities of beef rs. alizing Old. per lb. Sheep were In fain supply and In rathes heavy demand at last weak's rates, Prices-beef Pd. to Oild.; m utton, 6d. to 7d, pe lb. At- thin coom-market to-day there wa3fa modera-te show of wheat-, end afair attendance of farmers and miles Trade wasrather active as 15.per quarter advance. Sa%mplesgofwhite ofgoo>dquality roaklzing 56e, and red P05. per quarter. There wAe ani average supply of barley In the market, and the trade ruled more firm at an advance ot Is,, good qualities mnaking 33c, per quarter. Oats were the turn eaisir, Bean were, without material chsngs Pit-seer-Wheat, Pie. to 5Os.;, barley, 12s. t-o lSU.; oats, SOs, to 35a.;- beaus, SOs. to 50s. per quarter. Fline flour, 380, to i9e. ; seconds POe to 37s. : thirds, 3L% Der 20 clone, At- hieton Miowbray, with a gtood supply, wheat- sold at a. reduct-lo of Is. per quarter. In barley no change. Other grains mnalntalne1 le!t- week's prlces, Wheat- d6s, to 5ie. ; barley, Phs. to 32's.; old oats' 320. to 32's. ; new, 25e. to ISlo.; old beans, 41s,Ito 53So,; new, Ols. to 45s' quarter. At Market Harborough wheat sold atl the pric-es of last weel, Iu other krain no alteration. Old wheat, 42's. to 5is. ; new, 580. to P3o. ; old, 31s, to Os. ; new, 005. ; old oats, 27e. to 32ae,; oilI beans, 44s. to 48c. ; new, S6a. to 480. per quarter. At Atherst-ne wheat was in fair supply, and old samples sold at SPa. to 1IN.; and new, ZLOs pe bag of three bushels ; barley, 3%s to 37s.;, oat-a, 2Os. to 355. per quarter. At Loughborough fine wheat wee soiree. and last week's price were rsnininned. In barley there war a reduction cf Is. Per quarter. In cats and beans no alterat-ion. DERBY, DEC. 19. Fat- Et-ok is rather ak better sale, At Derby, oni Tuesday, the supply of beasts was gcod, the quality very excelleut, The demand waa tolerably bslsk, the primeat qualities of beef realzinog 71d. per lb, There was a fair show of isheep of excellent quality, the primest sorts being dlspozcd of at 79d, per lb. Porises :-Beef, 6jd. to 7id ; mutton, 7d. to Prol. ptr lb. At Bakewell the show of fat beasts uwa limit-ed, and the trade ruled dull at 7's. to 7e. Pd. per stone. There was a good show of sheep, and mutton made 6ld, to Id. per lb. There wee a bettor demand for milking cowsi at £14 to £10 each, At Ashboumn there was a good aupply of store stock ; superior inoalvers being In request at improved priccs. There was a moderate show of fat cattle, hoof sellng at- 6n, and OLd.. per lb.;. fat sheep were scarce, sad mutton made 7d. per lb.; 'tore shieep were als in small supply. At-thin cOrn-market Yesterday wheat was in middling supply, and there Was a far businces doin g at Is, over last- weeb's prices ; the beett while samzpler making SOs,, and red 5I5, per SO stone. In barley the trade ruled more active at an advance of is. per quarter, good malting samnples making 40s, per quarter. Beans without matertia charge, Oatg rather dull at late rates. Prices :-Wlsite wheat, 53s, to POe. ; red, 4le. to 63La.; malting harley, 32'a. to 4k.; grlndleg, l2e. to 380. per 30 stone ; cats, 13s. to 27s. ;now ditto, 2680,to O04 per 24 sone; beLans, 405, to S0s. perl atozne. NORTHAMPTON, Dgo. 19, There In a. fair amnounxt of business doing lot fat stock, At Northampton) the supply of beef wraa tolerably good, the primeet quslit'ies makding 5e. per Sib,, at which price the trade ruled actilve. Sheep of good quality were in rather limited suppoly, and first-rate qualitIes realised Is,. Sd. per Sib. Eilgh prices were asked for barren sews, There were very few store beasts, At- Rugby Christmasa beef was In rather limited supply, and the best qualities made 7'd. per lb. Muttan was a mnoderate show, and prices ranged from Spd. to 7'ld. per lb. At this coin-market wheat was In tolerable supply, fine white wheat making SWs, rer quarter. Good samples of barley realised 315. Not mush change In other gratin, Prices -Wheat, 4le. to PIe,-; barley, 32s, to Ss. ; oats, 33o. to SOs.; beans, 40s. toi53. ; Doss, 40s. to 44s. ; malt, 7Ue to 705. per qsuarier. At-Rugby wheat made 18s. to18s. 6d.per bag; basley, 36& to 380, old oata, 3Ir, to SOs,; niew ditto, 2ii. to lie, per quarter; now beau, 14s. to 105s.; old, Ips. to IOs. per bag. At- Wellinghorough, with a tolerable show, wheat realized dOs. to 52s, ; barley, 32s. to38s,; oat4, 25a. to32,; bcsams,* dO -toLs; Peas. 40.L to 44s. per quarter. At Kettering the best samples or wheat made Ole.; barley, 335e. to 34s ,; oats, 32s. to 84s.,;beana, 42s, to Ift ; pow, 480. to dOs. per quarter. At Daventry wheat sold at O6s, to 52s.,; barley, SOs, to 3fs.; oat-a' lO8. to I2a.; beans, 40a. to 40e,; peas. 480. to42 POS e quarter, At Leighton Buzzard wheat was in moderats supply and proies ienged frons 580, to 30.s. per load; barley, Sis, to Use.; oats, 263.1to 380,, per quarter. PETERBOROUGI, DEo. 11. Pat- and stor stock- are tolerably brink of sale. At Peterborough thnere was a good supply of fat stock with a fair attotdanse Of buyers. Beef was in good demand, prime sorts realizing 8s, per stone. These warea fair supply of sheep, and mnutton of good quality miade 7d. per lb. rricse:-Beef, 7's. Gd. to 8s. per stone; mutton), Od.L to 7d. per lb. Here to-day there was a firi show of wheat, and a tolerble atteudance. Trade ruled more active at an adLvance of Is, per quarter, the beat whbite samples reaUring SSe., and red P0e. per 36 atone ; Inferlor rocts were lower. There war a moderate show of bsrley, which sold at the quotations of inst weekc, the best molting samples realizing 41s. per quarter. Oats were rat-her cheaper. Beans maintained late ratso. Prices :-Wbite wheat, SOs. to SOs. ; red, 45s. to Nfs, per 16 stone; mealting barley. Sl.0 to4Ole.per quasler; oats,116. tols.16. perestone; beanz, Z'Sa. to 4ls. per 38 stone. STAMFORD, DEc. 19. At thin corn-market yesterday there was a moderate show o wheat, which met- wit-hea fair demand at an Improvement- of Is. per quarter, fine white samples sellg at Z5Os., and rod at 50s, per 31 stoen. Barley was a fair ahsw, and prices were fully as high as the previous week, good melting samples making 4ls. per quasrter. in oats no materia change. Beaus were abouat sas dear as last week, PrIces :-Whlt-e wheat, PIe, to 5Os.; red, dOs. to.50Os,; barley, SOs. to 42s. per quarter ; cats, Is. psr stone; bewans, 30s, to 47's. pep SI stene. GRANTHAMs, DEC. 19. A'. this corn-exchange there was a tolerable show of wheat, and Sune 'hite samples made POe., end red 4Os, per quarter,.Si%rieyin tolerable supply, good melting qualities realizing OOe., sad grinding 325. per storo. In other sorts of grain~there was nut muchvarlat-icn Plrice :-Whlte wheat, 5Os. to 5Os. ;red, 460. to S0a, per SS etone; melting barley, 33s. to 49a. ; grinidtsg ditto, 280. to 325. per 30 stone; Oatz (old), Slis, to SOs.; new, 240. to 2ie. per 24 stone; old bsaus, 46s. to 480. ; new. 40s. to 425. perI 8istone; peas, 403. to 42s, per SO stone. WORCEISTE, Dan, 10. A msderote attendance at market to-day, and farmer bLeda nut for rather higher rates, hut millers andl dealers would not purchase ex. sept at a shade lower than inst week. Enaglish. white wrheat, 6s. 6d. to Us. and red, Bs. Sd. to 6s. 4d, per bushel; malt-ing barley, ta, 3d. to 4s. Kd. endl ditiUllng, 4s. to 4s. 3d. per bushel; English beans, 5s, Pd per bushel for new, and ISo. 106 to ei. 2d. for old; Rngllish oats,3, P d. to 45.Sd., and Iisof LSd.Ito 3el. 9per 391h; gray peass, 6d., and wKhite,O. pverbushel, lest Worcester averages :-Wheat, £2 ie. d§: I anley, £1 17Bs. 46.;. and beans, £2 5s. 4d. per quarter. At Kidderminster market, on Thmurdy, there wae a good supply of wheat,which ralzed lastweek's prices, bu-athtere wasno agermecsin. the trade. At Wolverbampton, oni the previous day,the value of wheat was enhanced Ia.Mprquarter, At Brc-msgrove wheat sold at 18s. toWs. cr G91 scores ;melting bsaley, 4s. 3d,to 4s-.906Lper bushel; endnew beans,12's,.per lDscoses: oats,312s.tolts.per eiht-scores GLOOBITER, DEn. 19. The weather continuzes extraordlinarlly mild and open, but there ara asomptems of frost to-night-. The run has shone without a cloud from morningi to sunzet to-day, arol the wheat Is growing almost p1 roud." Some froat would to ureful to check it aud to mellow the coil. We bays lit-tie variation to no0tice In ourmarkek to-day. The suppI'O are ct-Il low, and a atop has been put- to the lain deoline In prices At- Cheltenhamn, en Thursday, wheat realized Is. per quarter mors MOuEy. At Herefordl, on Wednesday, the supply of wheat waw short, and pricEs without alteration. Mialting buesloyin request at last- week's rates,hbmns, poe5, and oats dull, bait not lower. The oths-r neighbouring marakets have ezblbltod lit-tie Variation in prico.s thin week, YORK, DMC 19. The cattle trade iaduL, At K}aeeborough there was an averag) show of fat-stock, which eoid heavily at 6. 3d. to 7e. d. per Etone. Sheep were in smaU suppsy, and prices ranged 6Od. to 7d. per lb. At Barton beef made 7s. to 8s., and mutron 6d. to 6104 per lb. York Chrstmas horEe show was well attended by farmers and dealers. For all good animals there was a ready sale, rates being lower than for the 1-at few ye. Hunters and carriage horseS were in good demand, At Weterhby beef mde Is. 6d. to Se. per stone n mutton, 6ld, to 7d. per lb. At rarbovgh stoc was in smai saupply, price being rathe, lower, Beef aId at 7d, to 8d,, and mutton 7d. to 84. per lb. At Ycrk there was a good upply of sheep, mutton selintg at , lo b ii, per lb. At this corn-masrket to-fday the ehow of whest from the farmers was tolerably good e demand belg improved at an advanoe of lI., fis white eamplee mabteg 52L, and red 485. per 36 stone. There wa, a falc quantity of barle-y in the market Wbich was in moderate xouetust at last Maek's prices, good malting saMPle making 37s. per quartr. Iu Oats ro materIS)l alteration. Beans snAlnlalned last waeek'. rate; Quottouas:-Whsite wheat, 50s. to 53*. ; red, 44*. to 483..; barley, 32*.. to 37*. At Elpon wheat was In moderate suprply, and while goo sanpis sold at last week's prices, Inferior eerie were satbesz lowtr. Other siorts of gratis maintainedlast week'. prices:-White wheat, 7*. to 7*. 6d.; red, Si. to *. ; beans, 5*. to SG. rer busbel; barley, 3sl. to 39;i.; o.tv. 26s.to 30g. per qnater. At Northallerton wheat made s. to 7a.. os,as. 2*3d. to is. d.; ba6rley,Is. to5*.;beans, 3.to S. per busbel.At Hoslin4him 'wheat told at last wreek', rates. Barley was 2*. to 35. cheaper. Wheat, 43*. to 3D*. ; barley, 3b, to 3Ie, per quarter. At Darlington whieat was 4s. per quarter cheaper. In blarly there was a decline of 2s.;: oats were Is, to 2*. lower ; beats receded 2*. White wheat, lIe,. to 143. ; red, 9s. to 18s..; bsrley, 79. 6d. to Ss. 6d..; oats.4*~.teSs. ;br-ans,O9.tOol6s,.; Deasm,46d.to9a.perboul. At Gulaborough wheat was ln good supply and prtees were Unaltered. Wheat, 12*. to14*.per boll; barley, 4*,toS55; oats, 2s.6a.to 3L.3d. terbu.ehel. s.tScarboroughxwhite wheat macis 3. to 60*.; red. 52*. ts16.Heper,40 atone; melting barley, 355. to 40..; grItidJng, 3ie, to 74s pe qae:r. Oats, 114.to s. per atone. At Stocleton.-on-Tee; a heat was in goodstppy, and priceswere the saime as last week, 2 here was a fair demand for oats, at unp.ltered rates. Blanea were is. lcowr. At Enerozbesoogh whea6t was in small esusply, and rather lower than lsee week, prices being Se. to 65. 94. per bushaeL. At Thlrak hbeat was the turn lower. DOZXCASTER. Duo. 10. Ti eme has been a bigh Yange of temperAture durlug this week, and psiraroesc cad other spring flowrers have been In fotl bissam in the epen. La-t night, however,there was afrosty atmos~phere, and to-day 'hr teasrb.b~eequite coolae.d bracing. The wheoat trade in the early part of toe week s-e dtullanxI dep-essed, and late prIces wore with difliculty malutained, hut the mora reo.nt markets han'o Bhowin some demre of buoyauay, anod the west closes with decidedly more firmness on the part of holders. Barley ha beer orosglst forward freely, and there has been more disposition on the part of meltaters to purcase, but the large proportion of sprouted samnples which 0clome tD market resticots Operations, and gives a de. pressed tume to prices, which is not applicable to the heltter qualities of this grain. Oats and,beans continue uncommonly flat, and only a re, alb ualceosls dome inthem! A% to-dayfe marke*tlere was a foir show of whrest, the coDndition 01 vwhich was Improves, though thre bulk of the sampDlea were of iadifferent quality. The best parcels met afree sle at Iulli the ratesaof last week, a fewr picked loin making 6d. Per lead (Is. 4d. Der quarter) more money. Inferior samples rather better to rell. A laTge show Of baryley. but very little hariness done, and only choice ma-Itlng quail. ties realized, int Szturday'sPricee. Otherkinde of springocorn inextreme4ylimilted request. Oatslis. per quarter and besausM.per load Is. 4d.per quater) lower. The following are the quotations :-lew wheat, 14*. to Ifs, pe lotAd of three imperial bushels ; fine, 20a. to 24*. ; old wheat. 129. to 20. ; fine, Sle, to 24*. ; blendcoor, 14" to 16s. ; rye, 12s. to 11s. ; beans, 17*. to I*.;: Peass, 14s. to Ifs. ; new oat2, 20e, to 2fis. per quar'ter ; fine. 30*. to 3Sin.; old oats. 283. to 31s. ; flue. 32*.t 3104. ; grinding barley, 30*. to i2s. ; mailting harley, 33s, to 15*. ; fins, ifs, to 335. The cattie trade this week has ruled brisk, owing to the demand for Chrlestass supplies, and beef may be quoted Sd. Per stone dearer. pork also has been In good demoad at rather highker rates. Sheep hare soled ratheor lower. Hess, to-day, there was btt lUtIle business pammg, only the miuch cows shown beng reasdily bought up at rather higher rates. To-da.y being the Christmas market there was an excUlent show o1 proTisions of all descriptions, the display of baee being pDrime. The beet osets of beef mnade Sd. per lb. ; mutton, 7ad. Geese were 5*. to is each : turke) s. Cs. to 10*.; duoks, 4s. Sd. to 53. per couple ; pheasants, Cso. to Ie. Per brass; pasttrdge, 3*. 'per brace ; wild duc%s, Ss. per osnuple ; golden plovers, 2*. Sd. ; gray plovers, 2*. ; rad snIpes, Is. ; hares. 3* 51. each; rabbIts, 2*. to 2*. Sd. per couple ; turbots, 6*. to ;5*. each;- butter, Is. 3d. to is, Sd. per lb. ; eggs, 12 for ls. Potatoes fold readilyj at 12*. to 13* 6d. per load ot 28 stone. LINCOLN, Duo. 19. The weather has been fine this weak. The young wrheats are looking well, huLt a esonable frost would give them a timely check, ]fat stock- is a trifle dearer. At BostDn there was a, Itmited show 0! sheep, whichL sold at rather higher rates, the finest descriptions really. Ing 7d. per lb. At Newark the chow of bcatawas good, whichi sold slowly, at lae rates. Stee) woesa In esnali supply, mutton making %ast week's prices Beef, 7a. Sd. to is. Der stone; muttont, 514 to Id. per lb. At this corn-mnarket yesterday wheat came to hand In bad coDndition, and thea trade ruled rather slow at an advance of Is. per qnarter, the heeatsamples making 52*. per quarter. Ba6rley was a fair supply; many sxamples being of an inerior description; the host sorts made 3ga, per quarter. in oAts there was a slight reduction. Beans maintained theirevatue.Trices:-White wheat, 48*. to 52*.; red, 40*. to 46s.; barley, 30s:to MS. ; oats, 22*. to'32s. per quLarter. At Sleatord thtere was a moderate supply of all kinds of grain, but thas demanad was by no mekUs active; wheat made from 44s. to 47*. ; barkry, 31*. to 34*. ; oats, 21*.; beans, 4sa. to 463. ; peas, 48*. to l2s. per quarter, At tspplogbam wheat realized from 46s. to 60s. ; barley, 023. to Sgs.; oate, 24* t itDSI. ; beans, 4D*. to 483. per quarter. At L-outh, with a liberal supply, the cornx trade ruled brisk at no material change in the pries of let week. Best white wheat made WOs. ; red, 48*. toI4ls. ; superior ditto, 46s. ; barley, 33s. to 35;. ; oats, 20*. to 23s. ; beans, 41s. to 45*. per quarter. At Gairnchorougha wheat was in fate ,upply. andL met -with a steady demaand at the prices of la',t week. Barleymeintalned. its value. Old wheat sold at l0s. to 51*.; niew ditto, 47*. to 493. per quester. At Lynn wheat was In limited supply; the demand was good at unchanged rates. Superior samples of barley maaintained their value ; inferior sorts were lower, Other grain was cheaper. Wheat made from 169. to Os. ; seconds,4*a. to 41*. ; barley, ditto, 3ie, to 40s. ; rseonds, I0.t,to 3Us.; oats, 2*0*. to 28s.; smell bean,, 40*. to 42*. ; large ditto, 3l, t Its,03 per quarter. At Spaldlng, wItht a o!erable supply, wheat advanced from Is. to 2g. per quarter. At Wikham, wheat madeo from 46*. to 52*. ; barley 34s. to lOs.; oats, 23;. to 36*. ; beans, 403. t-o 52s. per quarter. At Newark there wras tan ample kupply of all kinids of grain, enid an advance of from is. to 2*. per quarter on wheat and barley waseasily obtained. Old white wheat, SOss to 60s.! red ditto, lIe, to 63s.; Inferior white, 48s. to 51*.; red ditto, 5se. to 4lie.; mailting barley. 37g. to 39s. ; grinding ditto, 33s. to 5sa., old oats, 35*. to 3Us.; new dltto, 28s. to 30*. per 21 stone; old beans' l6s. to lie.: peas, 44* to 6*; rmalt, 73s. to 78s. per quarter. NORWICH, Duo. 19. The weather contInues mild and genial. The local markets have been, on the whole, well supportel. At Ipswich the condition of 'he inerior samnples of wheat Impededsi ales, biet the best qualities realized. full prices At Bungay a fate su pply realized about last week's prices, and at Stowmarket thsra was xi mauterial alteration ; but at Wsodbridge a decline of Is. per quarter was noted, Here to-day a fair sopply of wheat wan brought forward, and lent wveek'sprlme wers supported for all deseriptiouc. The shaow of barley was tolerably good, andl prices remiained without alteration. Little Dameing in oats, beans, and peas. Flour. 32*. to 33s. per sack from the mnice. Latest averages :-Whaat, 3,427 quarters, 49*. 3d. ; barley, 9,254. quarteroi, 37a. 74. ; oats, 32 quarters, 23*. 51.,; beans, 32 quarters, 42*.; peas, 17 quarters, 42*. On the cattle hill to-day thirs was a fair chow of store boar'es Sales proceeded rather slowsly, hut lost weekes prices were supported. Fat stook made is. to Ss. 6i. Per stone of 141b., and enise suporior loig of Christmass beef were reported to have been disposed of at 9*, Sd. This, however, mnust he regarded as an exceptional price. The supply of cheep being rather small soms descriptions were in demanid ;hut fittle variation In other quartems. OIA.8IRIDGE. Duo. 19. Theweather has been rather rough thelist few days. The temperatutre bee not onoe faileni to freezig point. The young wheats are looking well, best in come places they arebinjured by the wireworms, and the Plant has been thinned. Grass keeping for sheep is plentifl, Thene Is a better supply of fat stock. At St. Ives there was a good show of Christmnas beef, which sold at Ss. to 9s. per stone. The cupply of mutton wras smell and of Interior quality. At Mly there wras a good supply of sheep, prices rauglog from 4*. 6d. to 4*. 1Od. per Slb. In dgores sheep very little doing. There was no alteration in the price of cow stock' At this corn-market the best wheat amade 43*. per quar-ter. There was not much change In barley, superior malting samples realIzing 42*. Oats and beans without mouch variation. Prizes -Wbeat, lOs. to 43*; barley, 30*. to 42*,; oats, 22s. to 22*.; beans, 48s. to 453. At Ely wheat was is, to 2*, per quarter doeare. barley enid other gran maintained last week's Prices. At Marsh wheat snad atv a slight advAncea in price, fair samples rosllseng 463. por quarter. At st. Iv-es wheat was uniltered in value ; ca kinds of spring corn ratnier cheaper. At Ro;oton wheat w3n in rather better demand, at last weoak' prices. -Barisy a slow sale at late rates. In other grain no change. Wheat. 233. toil3, per load ; harley, 34*, to l1*. per quarter ; oats, 18s. to 30*. per quarter. At St. iNest's thLe wheat trade was3 Zvcry heavy, wlthouit alteralion In prer, Barley and oats maintained recent rates. Wheat, 2ie. to 31*. per load;: barley, 31*. to 4,0*.; eels, 22*. to _21*. ; peas. 31*. to 41s. ; beans, 33s, to I2s, per quarter. CIEMLSIFORD, nrc. 13. There hen been little business done here to-day in wheat. The farmers chow a diepootion to hold their stocks, from a belief that prices have seen their lowest, anid are,likely hereafter to Improve, and the mUers do not offer freely even inte rates. The saies effeceWd have been at lent week's quotations, except for a few very superior parcels of wheat, for which lo. imorewas obtained, White was 650. to 53*. : red, 10. to 523. ; barley quite Rs dear, and grinding selling at 32*. to 55s5; molting, 3*3. to 42*.; tVck beans, 42s. to 453. in the other marzkets of the county there bas bran little change. As Witham, with a dull trade, the quotaitions remained unalterod. Al Brabatree a few eamplee of wheat fetched] l*. more; mailing barley, 2i. higher ; but bDsno that amount cheaper. Yesterday, at Sudbury, the wheat buyersacnted. with grteacaution, and few mice v-ore e-ffected; the beet barley wan rather dearer. Al Bury fine dry v-bent wMs an dear, but secondary qualities were diffisult ol sale at a reduction of Is. to 2*. ; oatns d., and beeans 2s. per qonresir lower ; good barley, on the contrary, wae Is. to ls. Sd, deairer. Yesterday, atStowmzarket, there was a good supply of wheat, which was quite as dear. The grower were asking higher prices for good. tarey, hut little business was donie in this grain. At WoDdbrldge the quotations for~wheat were lowered Is. ; ordinary barley rather lower, but fine Parcels scare and In dema-nd. I The weather has been unusualy mild for the teason of Chrltmas but for baokward soWing of wheat It wse just what was3 required. The young wheat ha3 grown co rapidly In places that It 1i feared it will sffer from thefrostwinerlt sets In, The Chritmas meat-market was held this week, and the supply sr3a abundent of beasts aud cbeop. Traie was dull, and prlces had a downward tendency. Beef sold at 4*. 4d. to 4*. Sd., and very prime qualities at 5s*; mutton, 43. Sd. to Ss and 5a. 4d.; and veal at 4s. Sd. to f3. AtAblngdon cattle-fair half-bred lamb realized 48*. 1-,r hbed.; two. tooth sheep for gearzinz, 423. C3rt colts fetcbed from ;6i to :iT7, and aDsials for London work were very dear. Iu conzequence of tha monetary panic trade was affectd to the extent of 10 to 15 ter cent, and a great deal of stock wan drlven away unsold. At otircorn-market to'day tho wheet stsnds werc but moderately fAled, the continued deproolatlon in value making mAny favrore determined to hold longer, to ee the effect of the re]xzatIon of the Bank Chaster Act. An Inferiority in quality was obserable In many of the parcel on offer, but erea those In prime condlUton did not attrat much notice from the mealmon. EeUeza made a demand for an Increae In prevlous rates, but the London market for floor has so much deoUned In price, that It is lmpocssble for our mealmen, at ex. lsting rates, toproduc dfour at the terma ceurntiu Mark-lane. They weretherefore to-day extremely cautious in thetr opera&toc. Trade was slow and heavy at about the terms of this day sennlght. A very large quantity wa3 removod to the granarie3 without having exchanged bands, Bet sorts of white wheat were qouted at 53c. toS7e. ; swondary, 48s. to 52*.; aCld inferlor, 48*. to 4S3. Red wheat, best aorts, 52s. to 563.; secondary, 4&0 to 52s,; and inferisr, from 40s. to 483. A large quantity of barley was on offer, and whUe the bEst sorts re quired for madttng readiy sold at last markets currecclej, the Inferior was fuly ls. per quarter cheaper. Beet qualities wera quoted at 3b. to 43a.; dlEtilling sors, 343. to 363., and grndiUng, 31s. to 3l. For prime-oondilUoned oats the Inquiry Wua good, and late rates were without difficulty maintained. Inferior, however, proved to be ls fxee in sale, and were bought quits li. lower. Old Poland sold at 28.. to 31e.; now, 2fe. to 280.; old Tartary, 213. to 24a,; new, 183. to 2 de, The trade was heavy fcr bearo, and prices deeluned is. Old sorts fetthod473. to5lg ;a sd newv 403. to 45. Peawsr 1. eaper ; gray UtZS old at 4O.to 41.,a cud whIte -t 45.to OL Tle market for Roar is dull, and the prios are as follo :-Hous0. boldA, 43s.; teoends 39s. D9ef Eatk. The t-ad,, in oorn at the ooenfW markets ha ex.ihitod mush keavinecs, the tightoew of the money-market completely eheOkUg trecslatlon. At Abingdon, on Monday, thee wa a lae show of us3. fri qualltiei of wheat, but holders sronld not coepDt aoy reduction, and scarcel any businexs was done. On Tuesday. at DidoOt, the best wheat realized prerious rates, but the infedor deseriptlorsand also a I Idnfs of barley werefolly Ii. to 2s. cheaper. On Wednesday, St Basing. Itohe, wheat was diapoied of only slowly at lat weeles zate, asd other gratn remained unaltored. At Wastae, and also at Hungerford, on ther same dsp the trado vas dull. and no, alteratlon could be effooted In the exiating q notatima. On Thursday, a' Newbury, there-wes an evidentImprovement In trmde, and a large quantity was sold at an dvanee of of. Bir.ey, the bga and interior qUltite3, declw sla. A. Herley-no *Th%me, on 'bat day, trde wax In a dopressed state, ad pioes did not alter. On Pciday, at Wallngtford, there was a goDd supPly of wbest and other corn, the Drice of all of whioh bada dowunard teueercy. kOOpESTZR, Dwa.- 19. The weather continues remaktably mild for the season of the yoar, and hisbly favourable for ahl kinds of agriultural operation. In many placss the early sown wheat is pushing up rather strong, which 't Is feareD wilt ultmately weaken the plant. Grass land ar" looking very well, there being an abundance for the cattle. The wheat tr.de during this week leas undoubtedly assumed a firmer lone, which thern Is every reason to believe wRi be suatsined, a reectiOn foswntog the late depressed state of the maarkets. Faraser. and holdere of ubheat beliu to asmume a more owdliudte tone, anD are Indl-ptod to pRSS4 salts exxPt at ahigher figure than has been obtAtned rece.tly. Thea EpplIea of all kinds of wheat and spring corn at this corn exchauge were good, en( a steady amount af bueiness was done at Flightly iua .roved rate3. Pr?ime dry samplea wele saeable at ths full rakt of last week, nod for excellent sorts ls. to 2.. advano' wasobtatued A fair arnount ot buciness was traneaceed, millers beiDg more dLptued to Inereae their etoka. Foreign held firmu, and was rather more inquired after. In hbaley there was not much pasciDg, and Only a few saes in retail were effected at rices nominally the Eau:c as these of last week; finest malting samples bad aun upward tendency. Oats were in fsir supply, the prioee ruling steady. Bea3u and peas were only in very mrederate request at unaltcred prices. The foDowing are onr quotations :-White vheat, naw, 41g. to f0e.; extra, 62a,; red wheat, new, 42i. to s63.; extra, 4°.a: old Engulh wheat, 50s. to ti . old red ditto, 483. to SeOa malting barley, 3as to 3dL; grinding ditto, Be, to s.; oats, 203. to 26e.; old ditto, 30s. to 32d.; Englsh beans dis. to 44.4. peaz, 42i. to 4ra. The supplies at nesyly aU the local marrkets held lduring the week have been generaUy Uberai, and priesm have resDonded to thDoe of the nz etropoltan matket. At atidatone, on Thursday, there was a generaledvunce of I. per quarter, white wheat msking 48. to 6ie., and rei, 44s. to d3s., nilhlera purchasing rather more freely. At Canterbury to-day farmers' samples expcrlencod a ready demand at a slightly in. creased pri ; baley was firm. At Dartford to-day fine parsoels of Enclish were taken OfD at an enhancement of Is At Croydon there was not much activity in the trade, but lat vweek's rates were fully maintained. At Dorking the detnand waa steady at the falr rate3 of last week, with more dispoEhtion on the part of purchasers to operate. At Reigate new wheAt wa Is. to 20. per quarter deaser, and barley in request at a alight advance. DUBLIN, DECt 18. There was a firmer tone at our corn-market to-dy than for greral Weeks. Wheat was in some ces 6d. dearer, and oats and barley very foUy supported late prices. Indian com in the only exception to this general observation; it continues vory difficult of sale at barely late I currencies.
RAILWAY INTELZIGENCE. I)MYTYR.P. ANTTl ADID'Df%AMrt The report of the directors of this company states that the receipts for the past half-year ending the 31st of October last amounted to 18A306L, and for the corresponding period of 1856 to 16,8721. showing an increase of 1,43314 Tho working expenso show an increase of 4481., arising from the additional traffic. The increased expenditure, however, does not exceed 31 per cent. of the Increased revenue. The working expenses for the half-year amount to 39 54 per cent. of the revenue as compared witb 40'25 per cent, for the corresponding period of last year. From the increasing traffic the directors found it necessary to add coDsiderably to the rolling stock, and there have been charged against capital one new first-class carriege, four new third-class carriages, and 25 goods waggons. The rolling-stock of the company and the permanent way continue to ba maintained in a state of efficiency. From the receipts of the halfgyear, amounting to 18,3061, is deducted 7,2391. for workLig expenses, leaving 11,0671. To this is added 35, the balance from the last account, making 11,1024. Oat of this sum is deducted 2,3881. for passenger duty, rates and taxes and interest on mortgagee, leaving 8,7141. available for dividend. The dividend on the 5 perceDt. preference shares amounts to 1,6311, and at 6 per cont. per annum on the ordinary shares to 5,0001., both payable on the 1st of January next, leaving a balance of 2,032h for the next account. Had the trade of the country been in a more flourishing state, the directors vould have recommended the distribution of a larger dividend than in present circumstances they think it prudent to propose. To prevent any decline in the dividend, even if the traffic should for a short season decrease, they pro. pose to carry an unusually large balance to the credit of the revenue account of the crrent half-year, andthey congratulate the proprietors on the satisfactory position of the company's naas, which enables them to adopt this course, and at the same time to declare a dividend greatly in advanoc of that which was distributed at the corresponding period of last year. TRAFFIC RETURNS. mea PM- Mer- T.,aL Toi. P2lUways. open. senge, bandlte. 1857. 1S56. Weck ending Dec. 13. 4. £9 £. £e. Caedoaian .105 .. .. - ..12,115 11,:28 AntwerD and Rotterdam.. - .. - .. - . EEO .. 6S5 IRISH RAILWAY RETUR`NS, MAnDE UP TO BRa RxSPsorVz DA=E AS UDEB:- 1857. 1IBM. Narne of rauiway. 15 a. d, 4. a'd Belfast an Balbmena, De. 13 . 1,025 12 2 .1. ,109 13 5 BelfastandCountyDovn,Dee,13 ,, 263a 10 ,, 223312 5 Oork and Bandon, Dec. 12 .. .. 26 0 7 227 0 a Cork, Blackrock, and aseage, Dec. 12 199 10 5 l50 3 a Dublin and Belfast Junction, De 13 1,226 12 8 .1,215 18 2 Intereston NavanBranch ,. io 0 is .: 10318 a Dublin and Droghed, Dec. 13 -. .. 1,561 7 71 . 1,463 14 9 Dublin audWicklow, Dec. 12.. ., 1228 0 9 9 2511 3 DundalkandEnniakDlien,Dec.13 .* 459 9 9 *. 449 4 3i Great Soutbermand Western, Dc. 12 6,036 3 0 6,735 7 je Irlh South-Eastem, Dec. 12 , 9. . 1 1811 267 13 Z Kflllarney JuncUton, Dec12 .* .. 310 0 n 200 11 8j Inmerick and Foynes, Dec12., ..1 107 6 8 79 31 a Londonderry and Coleratue, Dee, 12. 249 4 3 , 278 12 0 Londonderr and Enniskillen. De 12 762 10 1 770 1 0 Mdland Great Western, Dec. 13 .. 3,T4 12 9 . 3.457 19 T Ulster, Dec.13 .. . . , 1,427 611 ..1,402 6 Waterfordl and Klltenny, Dec. 12 .. 213 7 3 252 1 S Waterford and Limnerick, Dec. 12 ., 1,114 10 31 Loos 8 41 WaterfordandTrarnore, Dec. 12 .. 4011 1 3 3313 7
THE POLICE IN ST. PETERSBURG. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to trouble you with the following letter, thbnking it may prove of use as a warning to futare trave]lcrs, who may not be aware of the state of police in the Russian capital. My case is this:-While walking In company with a friend at half-past 7 o'clock in the evening across one of the most frequented squares in St. Petersburg (called Romanzoff's-square) I was accosted by two mnen driving in a sledge over the frozon snow. I had my fur travelling coat thrown over my shoulders. One of the thieves knocked my hat off in passiDg, and my friend wont a few paces back to regain it; at the same moment the other man in the sledge caught hold of the sleeve of my fur; pulling me along after them. They whipped the borse at the same time, so that at last I fell down from the velocity at which they drove, the men still lkeeping hold of my fur, dragging me along the snow for a corsiderable distance till I became almost strangled. At length the fastening at the neck broke, and away went my fur, leaving me to grief on the snow. I recovered my feet as soon as possible, and my friend hearing my criesfor assistance came up atthatmoment. We setchase, calling out for police to the utmost of our power, keeping the delinqueats in sight for about a quarter of a mile, but all to no purpose, although there were several police and other persons about; indeed, we passed a police-station at the corner of a street where several constables were standing, but they did not take the slightest notice., This took place on the evening of the Ilth of November old style, or the 30th of November new style, when the streets were light as day from a beautiful clear moon. I had ezgaged a place in the mall for Warsaw on the following day, so did not venture to give information to the police of the quarter where I ived. If I had doneso my passport would have been kept from me, and I should perhaps have been detained for a couple of months pending inquiries, during which thee I should have been annoyed with papers and forms, all costing a considerable sumr, so that, in addltlon to my original loss, I should have been gLad at last to fee the police in order to free me from further annoyance and detention. Apologizing for trespassing on your valuable space, I beg to enclose mv card. Tremain. Sir. vour nbhPl1-#t c n A NORTHE AWELLEIL London, Dec. 19. -
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIE&S. Sir,-In your monoy article of the 18th inst. you state that a placard posted in tho Exchange News-room here, contradicting the aDieged unsattsfatory position of Mr. Oliver's affairs at the time of his fatlure, was signed by the chairman of the Borough Ba nk,-I beg leave to say that I was ehairman of the bank at that period, and that I never signed the placard in question, or even knew of its extstence untiE I saw an alluslon to it in your columns, and that I never was a party by either dlrect or indirect means to Contradicting or circunating any of the reports current at the time of Mr. Oliver's failure, as to the probabie rosults of the liquidation of his estate. Requesting the favour of your inserting this, I am. Sir, rour obedient Servant. WILLIAM RATHBOND. Liverpool, Deo. 19. THE SUPPOSED CASE OF MURDER IN 3STORpOaj.- The evidence adduced at the adjourned inquest held on the skeleton lately discovered at Middleton, near King's Lynn, Norfolk, disclosed scarcoly any now facts, and so far as the lnqul has yeturoceeded. It has not erlminated any. party. Some further itnemses have yet, however, to be examined, acd perhaps some additional particulars maybe broughtto light. Oddly enough anothor person has been missing from Lynn during the last few days. One of the medical wvitnessea has eapressed his opinonl that bhe bones found, had been interred mnore than eight years, although it was possible that they might not have beenb in the ground for a longer period
LONDO, XONDAY, DOEBMBER 21, 1857. No one will complain at the present day that there is any failure in recognizing the importance of education. Indeed, the necessity of instructing the people and exacting an aecumulation of knowledge from the candidates for all publie functions has taken its place among the ordinary topics of platform oratory. We ourselves have never been behindlhand in advocating all that seemed to us likely to advance the public culture. The reform of the Universities, the rescue of educational charities from cupidity or neglect, the inspection of schools, and the instruction and exaamination of young men destined for the civil or military service, are measures which have received our most earnest support and the assent of every class In the country. But there are persons who would go much further than this. Educational reform and the examination system wfill soon be ridden to death, if some who have mounted these subjects as a hobby are allowed their own way. There is certainly no surer means of strengthening the opposition with which all improvement is threatened by interest and indolence than for the partisans of education to exhibit themselves as the propounders of schemes which the common sense of their countrymen will justly declare unreasonable and absurd. If a philosopher from Laputa had alighted among the conclaves of English celebrities, he could not have inspired them v.ith a plan less likely to meet the suffrages of the public than the one to which about two hundred of them have just subscribed their names, and which appeared in these columns last Saturday. We eannot but think that the great majority of the Bishops, Lords, Church dignitaries, masters of public schools, men of science, men of literature, Dissenting preachers and others, must have signed their names to this document with but little inquiry Into the details of the scheme to which they have given the weight of their authority. That so many men of ability should have supported a proposition so chimerical and impracticable with a full understandling of its scope seems to us hardly credible. It is a memorial in favour of the representation in the Legislature of the " educated portion of the "c ommunity," and is addressed to Lord PALMrERSTON. It professes not to emanate from any one party, but from men of all parties, who think that in the new Reform Bill " a substantive " voice" in the House of Commons should be given to the educated classes. " We can see" say the memorialists, " no better way of giving " effect to this principle than by conferrlng " on them, as sCe/I, a distinct and separate " representation, so that their votes may not "be swamped, as they would be If only "enfranchised as units in large popular consti"tuencies." Reference is made to a pamphlet published four years ago, and from this work we learn the details of the scheme. It is proposed to create certain constituencies, "formed "exclusively of persons possessing educa"tional qualifications." Some 30,000 clergymen and Dissenting ministers, some 17,000 lawyers of all classes, 13,000 medical men, 14,000 officers of the Army, Navy, and Indian Service, 12,000 graduates of Universities, 5,000 persons connected with literature, science, and art, would help to make up a body of 92,000 voters, who would return 70 members asthe representatives of the educated classes. These educated constituenti wouldnot be organizedaccording to their professions, their Universities, or their societies. There would not be members for the University of Glasgow or the UJniversity of London, for Lincoln's-inn or the Royal Society, but the division would be geographical. Mriddlesex, mnuns all its clergymen, barristers, graduates of the Universities, officers of the Anny and Navy, and literary and scientific celebrities, would return its two members, while these on their part would return one member as the representative of the educated class of Middlesex. The educated of the City of London are also to have a member. Chelsea and Kensington will, no doubt, be enfranchised in order that the vulgar of those populous suburbs may have a voice in the Legislature ; accordingly, Chelsea and Kensington will also send a deputy from its educated. The higher intellect of Finsbury, Marylebone, Lambeth, and Clapham, w;ould also be distinguished from more grovelling minds by a different representation. The united districts of Southwark, Camberwell, and Kennington would furnfish one celebrity. There would be two hon. members for educated Manchester, and two for ordinary Manchester; the same equality would be given to Liverpool, and to the three Ridings of Yorkshire ; for It would seem that in the opinion of the framers the proportion of intellect in the North exceeds that which exists in the metropolitan dibtricts. However, Wales and Scotland are treated rather cavaliery. The educated of five Welsh counties are only to send one member, while Edinburgh, Linlithgow, Haddingion, Berwick, Peebles, Selkirk, and Roxburgh, seven important Scotch counties, are also to content themselves with a single representative of their higher culture. It is indeed surprising that a number of men eminent for their genius or acquired knowledge, who know the history of the British Constitution and the tendencies of the British people, who have the means of informing themselves on representative institutions as they exist in our own great colonies, in the United States, and in the constitutional countries of Europe, should come before the public with so impracticable and almost ridiculous a scheme. The distinction which the pedants of antiquity made between the philosopher and the mere ordinary man is not greater than that which these poiticians would set up between their educated man and the rest of the community. The clergvman, the lawyer, the officer in the army is to be held up as ementially superior in point ox attainments to his neighbours who live round alout him, many of whom are equally welt educated, far more conversant with affairs, perhaps hardened by early struggles into a firmer ma:al texture, and who in political matters are likely to have even wider and clearer views. And what i3 there in our recent history which would justify the conferring of such predominance and such invidious privileges on a so-called educated class ? We have for the laat 30 years been engaged in remodelling the institutions of this country, in removing restrictions, sweeping away abuses, giving a freeer atmosphere to thought and a wider scope to action. By these means England haa been renewed and filled with the vigour of a second youth; the intellect, the commercial activity, the exploring and conquerlng enterprise of the people have surpassed all former record, and the country has been enabled to hold its own against the youngest and most vigorous nations. But whence has been the impulse which has done all this? From the people, and not from any class segregated from the community by profession, by a literary or artistic pursuit, or by the conventional distinctions of academies. Suppose the clergymen, officers of the two services, graduates of the UJniversities, and so on, to have had 70 representatives to themselves during the last halfcentury, on which side would those 70 have been found during the great struggle which has rescued the mind and energy of the country from the domination of Torvism? There can be little doubt they would have held with those who resisted every change, and have woven their sophistries in defence of every abuse. The members for the educated clases would have alternated fallacies and Latin quotations against every measure which the patient and persevering Liberals of that day brought forward. They would have been great in telling any one who spoke of reform that if any one wanted reform he should reform himself. They would have held to a man that the people, that class which did not return them, had nothing to do with the law but to obey it. They would probably, like the classes they represented, have opposed the improvement of the Criminal Code, the Emancipation of the Catholics, the Reform of Parliament, and in later days the freedom of trade and navigation. And, though at the present time a kind of liberalism may be fashionable, we can doubt but little that in the long run any body of men sent to Parliament as the avowed representatives of a class would be found to be warped both in judgment and sympathies by the influences which act upon them. That the citizen should help to make the laws that bind him is a maxim on which all free constitutions are founded. Our own requires a property qualification, on the broad ground that the very poor cannot ha.ve sufficient knowledge or are not sufficiently independent to be trusted with power. But what we should strive after is to raise as large a number as possible into a position in which they may be safely trusted to exercise the rights they have never wholly lost. The limitation of the franchise is in Its nature transitory; as education advances the right to vote must neessarily be more extended, until we may hope that in the course of years nearly the whole male population will exercise it. In this respect, then, we are the advocates of an educational franchise. We would admit not only the classes mentioned by the memorlalists, but many others,-such as schoolmasters, the higher railway offlcials,-in fact, all persons engaged in occupations which require a certain amount of instruction, and indicate a corresponding fitness for the franchise. How far this principle should be extended, and how low the qualification should be placed, are mere matters of detail. But the persons so empowered to vote would of course vote with the rest of the constituents, the scheme of having two sets of members for each locality being too preposterous for serious argument. The question whether specific bodies, such as the Inns of Court, the Colleges of Surgeons and Physicians, and the Society of Apothecaries, should have representatives Is, of course, open, but against the invidious division of English society Into any more arbitrary classes we must protest. There is already too much of this among us, and the national character suffers from it not a little. We are too artificial as it is. We are already too much clergymen, barristers, officers in the Army, Bachelors of Arts, merchants, tradespeople, and too little' absolute and indeper.dent men. Do not let us be attracted by this phantom of education to set up above the people a conventional claes which will prove in practice to be more narrowed by its prejudices than it is widened by its attainments.
We wish we had been mistaken In the views we enunciated some weeks back as to the affairs of the Western Dank of Glasgow. The remonstrances, the reproaches, the rebukes which were poured upon us on this subject, are notorious enough-we can only say that we should have been content to endure them all if our adversaries had made out their case. It is, of course, a very dreadful thing to cast suspicion upon the credit of a commercial company when with its credit the means of subsistence of hundreds, perhaps of thousands of persons, are inextricably bound up; but when such a concern is hopelessly and irremediably bankrupt, and when every day which passes marks another milestone on the road to uitter ruin, the complexion of affairs is altered. It then becomes a duty to lay before the public a statement of the truth. It is but a few weeks-we may almost say a few days ago, that a numerous body of Scotch notables. among whom were some of the most distinguished noblemen of that division of the empie, met together for the purpose of recording their undiminished confidence in a concern which is now proved to be insolvent to the extent of upwards of 2,000,0001. sterling. This is no guess of ours-it is anestimate at which a Committee of the Shareholders has arrived. The way in which they proceeded was this-we will transcribe the very words of the Chairmar, lest we be again blamed for charging personal interest contrary to the facts -" Between the " Directors and the Committee appointed there "were nearly 20 gentlemen, all men of busines"all connected mere or Ikss th the Bank, aU per"sons who had a large stake and interest in ex"amining into the particular position of the Bank, "and reporling on it faithfully." Well, these gentlemen have made their examination, they have delivered their report, and the result is that the loases of the Bank are estimated at 2,020,5841. Thus, every penny embarkLed in the concern by the Shareholders has hopelesdy disappeared, and, in addition, they will be called upon to make good the difference between liabilities and assets. What must be the feeling of the noble Dukes and honourable gentlemen who assisted at the confidence meeting the other day, and who endeavoured to bolster up the credit of such a concern as this, when they knew, or ought, before tading such a step, to have known, the Ireal posture of its affairs? Did they calculate what the consequences might be to the public of their misstatemeats, the more charitably-disposed will say of their errors? Nothing within the compa:ss of mercantile or financial ingenuity could by any possibility restore an equilibrium in the affairs of the company. It was dead and gone. It was insolvent beyond all hopes of redemption. It was aimply " agonizing on" from day to day-we borrow an apt expresaion which the time has called forth from one of the actors in a similar catastrophe. Any further attempt at deceiving the public was an additional sin against morality, as it was an additional violation of the laws of the land. Let the poor simple people out of doors who intrust their property to such questionable keeping be henceforward aware of the value they should attach to such guarantees, even when the persons giving them are among the noblest of the land. If it be an offence cognizable by law to cast discredit upon the circumstances of a concern which has not deserved such a slur, how shall we characterize the conduct of those persons who, without knowledge or contrary to the facts, endeavour to sustain the credit of a company which has already worked out the ruin of many hundreds of persons, and the very existence of which from day to day may without exaggeration be deEeribed as a national calamity ? The fact of the deficiency being as above recorded, we next come to the causes by which it has been brought about. It is not the provisions of the Bank Charter Act nor the denunc1ia'ons of 11he Times which have had aught to do with the embarrassments of the Western Bank, nor with the wide-spread misery which has been their result. "It is well," said Captain M'CoNwoer, at the meeting of Shareholders at the Trades-haR at Glasgow on Thursday last, " that this should come before " the country, that the Directors took office, "carrying on business with bad paper as secu"rities. (Loud cries of 'Hear, hear,' and ap"plause.) It is well that it should go to the "country that it was not the Bank Charter Act, nor anything o' that sort, which had brought about "this catastrophe, but the reckless and disgraceful "way in which the Directors have conducted the "afairs of the Bank." The report of the Committee acquits these Directors of moral blame, but censures thema deeply for their neglect and indifference to the interests which they were bound to protect. This is the mere official form of protest; but, without entering into the question of the moral blame o- innocence of the Directors, it is obvious that the general tendency and result of their operations was simply to sustain the credit of worthless paper. The process employed is so easy of appreciation that one can only wonder that any mystery should exist upon the matter. TLe Directors and their Manager discounted bills which came to them from houBes and firms which they should have mnown to be insolvent. Upon these bills they stamped the guarantee of their Bank, and so passed them on for re-discount elsewhere. This rediscount was readily obtained because the credit was given to the Western Bank, and not to the bankrupt concerns which were primarily liable. The result of these operations and of other similar operations carried on elsewhere was to keep afloat an enormous mass of commercial paper, which represented nothing but the necessities and effirontery of its makers. The difference in discount charged by the Westerm Bank to its bankrupt elients, and of the discount charged to the Western Bank, assumed to be solvent, or at least solvent for a time, would represent the gains derived by the Western Bank from the system. This system would endure for a time-why should it not ? But the longer the time the more appalling and complete the ruin when it did come, as come it must. Could the credit of the nation have been pawned in the same way-as our currency doctors advise--the crash would equally have occurred at last, but then the ruin would have faUen not upon a section of the community, but upon the whole of it. England is very rich, but there is an end of the nation's purse as of the purse of the poorest Englishman. England can do a good deal, but she cannot periodically make up the deficiencies caused by the aggregate speculations of the country, which rest upon dreams, not on realities. Unless we are content to follow humbly in the steps of the Spanish financiers we must recognize the great truth of a relation between legitimate credit and the means of payment. It is a very pitiable thing to mark the difficulties in which the shareholders have been involved by the ruin of the Bank. What is the value of their remonstrances and of their indignation now the storm has broken upon them? The Directors cast the blame upon the Manager-the Shareholders upon the Directors. Too many of the Shareholders lnow not where to turn for the common necessaries of life. Captain M'Co-umocm= remark-ed-and probably without much exaggeration-that the public are busy raising subscriptions for the sufferers in India " while he was quite certain that the sufferings in India were not greater than "those which will be thA result of this failure of "the Western Bank." Did not the subject involve so much of calamity it would be almost laughable to remark how the safferers have been duped by the old stale trick of paying dividend out of capital. Captain WCoXNocixs says that in June, 1856, the Directors sanctioned a dividend of 9 per cent. in violation of their duty and of the requisitions of the Act of Parlianent. He endeavoured to obtain an inquiry into the circumstances of the Bank at the time, with the view of laying a case before colmsel and of taking proceedings against the Directors, if such a course should seem calculated to obtan for himself, and for all persons in a position similar to his own, a certain amount of legal redress. The proposition was of course frittered away; any vote but one of confidence in the Directorswould lead -awful contingency !-to their resignation, and to a confusion even more irremediable than that which at present exists. What was to be done ? Nay, this was not all. If any further signs of such a spirit of hostility against theDirec-orswere shown by a section of the Shareholders the Manager would apply to the Court of Session for the appointment of a Pactor, and with the appointment of a Factor the ruin of the Shareholders would be complete. Thus the attempt to obtaia a little insight into the mysteries of the management was defeated, and the Shareholders arrived-with what cordiality we may imagine-at a vote of fresh " confidence" in their Directors.
About the worst crime of which a man can be guilty under the influence of lust is seduction. About the vilest form in which he can exhibit his ingratitude is in the attempt to destroy the peace of his family by attributirg tbe result of his own indulgence to the kind relative who befriends bim and ia who3e home he live3. About the most bideous liar is the man who, having ruiaed an inI nocexLt girl, tries- to induce her, for the purpose of shielding her seducer, to swear away the character of her master. About themostbrutal and cowardly assamsin is the wretch who, having failed in these designs, puts his arm round thewaist of the girl who is about to become the mother of his child, leads her into a dark corner, and wreaks his vengeance in the cruelest attempt to take her life. About the most melancholy comment on human natare is the fact that the monster who has committed, not one, but all of these atrocities-the seducer, the ingrate, the liar, and the all but murderer-should be described as up to the final discovery of his villany " the pride and ornament of his family." Such is JoNATHA.N Roos, a young man, 21 years of age, who was tried at Exeter last week for a murderous attack upon JANE STONE. We cannot cal to mind a more dreadful case-a case in which the conduct of the assailant was more horrible, or the condition of his victim more pitiablo; and there were circumstances connected with it which render the trial peculiarly interesting to the public. JONeArHT ROOSE lived with his uncle, Mx. MrcnruMoR;, a wine and spirit merchant, at Torquay. JANE STONE was engaged as a servant by Mrs. MTcnELMOPB about Christmas last, and it appears that she was so unhappy as to yield to the importunities of Roosz, and expected to become a mother. The young man was terrified at a prospect which might have sadly interfered with his position among his frienda, aud tried to avert the danger by giving the girl those violent medicines which kill as often as cure, and which the law of the country has forbidden under the severest penalties. When, spite of these eudeavourts it appeared that a disclosure was imminent, Roosz next entreated his victim not to expose him, but to pass off her child as that of some other man. This she refused with the natural impulse of a woman who, though she has lost her virtue, has not lost all sense of decency, nor thiks of all men alike. Whom did she know I To whom could she attribute the child? RoosB at once fixed upon his uncle as the most likely man; and here we are left to surmise, from the fact of his displaying such a terror of discovery, that his uncle and aunt were the very persons who, of all others that he knew, would show the greatest abhorrence of his conduct. However this may be, JANE SToNE refused to calumniate her master for the sake of covering his worthlews nephew. In the meantime, in August last, the girl left the Eervice of Mrs. MITCHELMIORE and went into that of a Mrs. WILLES, at whose cottage she sometimes encountered Rooss. One night as she entered the cottage she was accosted by the young man, who said that he had something to say to her. It was now the 11th of November, it was probable that a discovery could not much longer be delayed, and in almost the first words with which JANE SToNE addressed her seducer she indicated her belief that he had come as usual to know his fate. They met in the back garden, into which a light was streaming from one of the windowvs of the cottage. Encircling her waist with his arm, he drew her away to a more secluded part of the garden. The girl told him that there was no doubt as to her condition, and that having no money, she saw nothing before her but the Union. " Then it is a done job for me," said ROOSE, thinking only of himEelf. ":But a " pretty deal worse for me," replied the girl, and so they passed to angry words. There mnst have been many such disputes in their various meetings, but it would appear that on the present occasion angry words soon exhausted themselves. ROOSE quietly led his victim to a part of the garden that was both darker and fur her from the house; in silence he put her down upon the ground; pressing his knee upon her left side with all his force, he thrust one hand down her throat, and with the other pinched her nose so as to prevent the possibility of breathing. She now struggled hard, she attempted to bite his hand, she succeeded in uttering one faint scream, and then swooned away. She was thus completely in hbis power, and the inhuman wretch used his advantage to the uttermost. He seized a stone, some 91b. in weight and about a foot in length, and literally broke it over the girl's head. He I struck and lacerated her so fearfully that her head was all but smashed, the skull was fractured over each eye, the lower jaw was broken, the upper I jaw was broken, the nose was pounded and flattened into the face, all the flesh of the face was so bruised and loosened that it might have been " wiped off with a sponge," the ears were torn, part of the stone was imbedded in her temple, her lips were dreadfully cut, and her teeth were either shattered or were so loose that afterwards they were removed with the fingers. In spite of such almost incredible treatment the girl still lives, and appeared at the trial, a terrible spectacle, to confront the dastard who made her such a wreck. That faint cry which she gave immediately before swooning away appears to have been her salvation. It was heard by a little dog in the house, who immediately set up such a barking and scratched so desperately at the door of the drawing-room, in which the ladies of the house were sitting, that they became alarmed aud went into the garden; they called out, but received no answer; they were not satisfied, for they fancied that they heard a moan; with the assistance of a neighbour they xearched the garden with a candle; they found the body of a woman, who was so defaced and mutilated that it was impossible to recognize their servant JA&N. JANE it was, however, whose life was thus saved by tle little dog, whose barking not only brought timely assistance to the unhappy girl, but probsbly also scared away the assailant before the completion of his work. There appears to have been no serious attempt on the part of Roosx to deny what he had done; and he was found guilty by the lenient jury who tried bim, not of an assault with intent to kill, but of an asault with intent to do grievous bodily harm. We shall not stop to dispute at length the wisdom of this verdict; but it is perfectly evident that, whatever be the technical character of the crime proved against the prisoner, there is no possible punishment in our code which is too severe for so great a crimainal, and the only consideration which can reconcile any man of common sense and feel- irg to so mild a verdict is this,-that penal servitude for life may be made to so yotung an offender worse tban any death which our laws enable society to inflict. It is not often that we venture to question the propriety of a verdict, even when grave doubts seem to attach to it; but in the pro sent instance more than grave doubts arise,-there is an unintlligible contrariety between the facts of the case and the finding of the jury. It is not alone, however, for the purpose of criticizing an unintelligible verdict that we have placed before our read rs the horrible details of this trial, and have dwelt on facts which one would wisb to forget. We wish to point out in what a pitiable position the counsel for the prisoner is placed by that inexorable rule of our bar which compels him to accept a brief. MIr. COLERIDGE, who defended the prisoner, couild not deny the facts. He, indeed, suggested a doubt to the effect that JA.N STo1;E, on whose evidence the csse against the prisoner was almost entirely based, might be mi.- taken as to whether RoosB were indeed her assailant, but, l.ke an honourable man, he attached; no weight to this suggestion, frankly admitted the facts, and grounded his defence on the plea tkit the " unhappy prisoner" in giving way to anger was actuated by no murderous intent, nor even an intent to do grievous bodily harm. Havindg expressed an opinion with regard to the verdict which Mr. COLERDGE was so successful as to ob. tain, we may now say that, notwithstanding his success, we can only lament the necemity which compelled a gentleman to appear on behalf of such a ruffian, and in his defence to admit so much and yet not to admit all. It may be a useful regulation; it may be absolutely necesnary; but the strict rule of public policy, though it may compel our assent, does not prevent us from pitying its victim; and surely la. COLERIDGE deserved public commiseration when he had to stand up for such a wretch, to palliate his enormous guilt, and to insult human nature as well as common sense by appealing to the jury to send this monster back to his family, of which he had hitherto been " the pride and the orna " ment."
In the Report upon the system of Pmrchae in the Army presented by the minority of the Coammission charged with the inquiry will be found a very striking and pregnant argumnent. Where did our military system break down in the Crimea? Not in the discipline, organization, or efficiency of particular regiments-for in this respect our army, by common consent, was inferior to none-but in those departments on which the aggregate force dePended for direction and rsustenance. Now, as in theme departments no purchase is admitted, it follows plainly that the purchase system cannot be charged with the result, nor can it be assumed that the abolition of that system would make matters any better than they were before. " We entertain a strong conviction," says the report, " that if selection for the Staff Isr judiciously "exercised and the general regulations strictly "adhered to, that no officer shall be permitted to "remain on the Staff beyond the limited term of "five years, the complaints of which so much has "been heard lately of the inefficiency of our mili"tary system will receive their best and most "satisfactory answer." Without entering afresh into the purchase branch of the question we can now introduce our readers to the reforms proposed as regards education and selection for the Staff. The old " Senior Department" at Sandhurst is to be converted into a "Staff College," which wil receive, at first, 30 students from the several divisions of the army, in due proportion. Every candidate for admission must have seen not less than three years' service, have passed, if a rsubaltern, the ordinary examination for a Captain's rank, be qualified, physically and morally, for active Staff dnty, and bring certificates to this effect. These conditions being satisfied, a competitive examination will decide the rest, and determine which of the candidates shall be admitted to the Staff College. After admission a specified course of study will be pursued for two years, accompanied in each year by two examinations, one held in the summer and another in the winter. The former will be conducted by the Professors of the Colege; the latter, which will include the final tests, by independent examiners. The result of these final tests will be a class list, in which the names of the candidates will be arranged in three classes, according to merit. Of the subjects of study we shall say nothing at present beyond remarking upon the very significant introduction of the Hindostanee language into the catalogue, but one or two other points are of material importance, as affecting the probable action of the system. No payment whatever will be exacted from the students towards the funds of the College. No commanding officer is to refuse to forward the application of an officer for admission ; and, if he declines to support it by his own recommendation, he is to make a distinct report of the grounds on which he acts. When the system comes into full operation there will be a " final" examination, or an examination followed by a class-list, once every year, and this will be conducted by independent examiners. It will be competent, moreover, for any officer, on giving proof of the requisite qualifcations, to enter the College for one year only, or, if he should be still more confident in his oiwn powers, he may, with the sancidon of the Commander-in-Chief, dispense altogether with residence or study at the institution, and present himself at auy of the final examinations to compete for a place in the classlist with the reuular students of the College. Ill the case of officers serving abroad the examinations will be conducted under the superintendence of a Board appointed by the General in command-the same questions as those proposed at home being sent out for answers. As far as these provisions extend it cannot be denied that they promise to insure a good amount of efficiency in the Staff of the Army, and a fair field for honourable ambition. Neither patronage nor money is needed to open Staff employment to any officer of industry and merit. His entrance to the College depends upon his performance at a competitive examaination, his studies there will cost him nothing, and his acquirements there will be put durably on record. If he chooses, he may propose himself for approral without even quitting his regiment, and may employ the spare time which most officers possess in qualifying himself for more distinguished service. Even his own commanding officer cannot impede his advancement by any prejudice or caprice, but must either add his own recommendation or give plain reasons for withholding it. As to the course of study or standard of attainments propoeed, it may, we hope, be taken for granted that they will fulfil all the conditions generally desirable. Here, then, we have a good machinery up to a certain point, that is to say, a certain number of officers wiil be turned ou1t every year well qualified for Staff employ, and selected on such principle3 a3 will exclude anything like favour or patronage. But, now, what is to bo the process of passing theme qualified and approved candidates from the class-list to actaal appointments on the Staff Simply this, that in two years' time Staff appointments will be almost, but not quite, confined to such applicants. It is expected that the College will open with i's firstbatch of studentsin February next, and consequently the coopletion of a full course woould turn out a list of qualified officers at the beginning of 1860. From that date, with certain exceptions, no officer will be appointed to the Staff who shall not have gone tlhrough the College or passed the final examination. The exceptions embrace, first, officers who at that date shall have attainedthe rank of Lientenant-Colonel ; and, secondly, offlicers of proved ability in the field. To the latter proviso not a word of objection can be offered, for the proof asszumed Is clearly the most complete of all proofs. The best examination In the world can only make it probable that a candidate will display " ability in the field," and if this has been actuaUy displayed no other evidence cau be6 wanting. " Ability in the field' is the very aim and object of all the studies referred to ; if an officer possesses this quzalification, and shown as much, any farther inquiry is altogether superauous. The same, however, is notto be said of the other exception, which would amount simply to thir,-that where officers are of a certain standing the qunlifeations exacted from their juniors may in their emses be dispensed with. Perhaps it is unreasonable to suppose either that officer3 of the rank of Lielltenant Colonel riould go to school again, or that, failing this condescension, they should be inexorably excludei from StaQf employment; but it will at once be seen howr much importauce, with referenee to this point, may attach to the observation of thie-
,IR B. LAW.RRNCE ON THE STATB OF OUDB. The following is an extract from Sir Henry lawrence's article on Army Reform in the Sep-tember (1856) number of the CalZutta Review (only 8even months before the commencement of the imutiny), which throws considerable light upon the powerful and obstinate character of the opposition there, and is interesting as a late expression of the opinion of this distinguished man on a subject -which he so weU understood:- " Oude has long been the Alsatia of India. In that pro. vince were to be met, even more than at Hydrabad or at lahore, the Afreedee and Durakzye of the Khyber, the Belooch of Khelat, and the Wazeree of the Sulimani range. 'There also congregated the idle, the dissipated, and the -disaffected of every native state in India. Added to these iere many deserters from the British ranks, yet the Contingent of 12,000 men has been almost wholly filled from -the old Oude army. The reason assigued for the different iine of conduct is, that the Punjab was conquered, but that ODnde feU in peace. In this there is a fallaoy, little under. stood, but not the less a falacy. Proportionaly few of the instigators of opposition at Lahore, and in the Sikh army, were Sikhs. They were British subjeote, many of them British deserters. The general feeling of the Sikhs was bardly hostUe. Many of the Sikbs were friendly, decidedly so, compared with the Hindostanees in the Ptnjab service. "TheRingof Oude employed 59,000soldlers; his chiefs and officials at least as many more. Of these vast numbers, one fifth at the utmost have found employment in the police and irregular oorps. Yet these levies, with habl a dozen regular corps, form the whole army of occupation. This seems a grave mistake. Why not, at least, make a change? Why not move some of the Punjab regiments that have been keeping constant watch and ward on the Indus for seven years to Oude, and send some of the King's peoplo to the :North-west ? The King had some 8,000 artilery; of these about 500 may have obtained employment, the rest, old and -oung, are on the world. Surely, if there was danger In em. ploying Sikhs in 1849, It would be well to remome some portion of the Oude levies from Onde, where such maberials for mischief stiUl remain. In the province are 216 forts, besides innumerable smaller strongholds, many of them sheltered within thick jungles. In these forts are 476 guns. Forts and guns should all be in the hands of Government, or the forts should be razed. Many a foolish fellow has been nrged on to his own ruln by the po&se6sion of a paltry fort; and many a paltry mud fort has repulsed British troops. " The 80,000 or 90,000 disbanded Oude soldiers are the brethren of the British Sepoys. " A paragraph in theaDehi Gazoee, announcing that the 4Jude authorities are disposed to dispense with the service of the regular regiments for Lucknow, tempts a few further words of caution, though we do not altogether credit the newspaper report. The earlest days of annexation are not the safest. Be liberal, considerate, and merciful, but be prompt, watchful, and even quietly auspicious. Let not the loose characters floating on the surface of society, especially much a society as Lucknow, be too far tempted or trusted. Wellington's maxim of ' keeping the troops out of sight' answered for England; It will not answer for India, There must be trusty bayonets within sight of the understandings, if not of the eyes, of Indlan subjects before they will pay willing obedience or any revenue. O late years the wheels of Government have been moving very fast; many native prejudices have been shocked. Natives are now threatened with the abolition of polygamy. It would not be difficult to twist this into an attack on Hindooism. At any rate, the faster the vessel glides the more need of caution-of watching the weather, the rocks, and the shoals. Felix quem faciunt aliens pericula cautum.' "
COU.BR OIROUZL4R WINDSOP, Dxa. 19. The Qaeen and Prince Consort, with the Prince of Wales, .the Princess Royal, Prince Arthur, Prince Leopold, Princess Alice, Princess Helen;, Princess Louisa, and Princem Beatrice, left Osborne at 2 o'clock to-day, attended by the Countess of Gainsborough, the Hon. Mary Bulteel, MajorGeneral the Hon. Charles Grey, Ciptain Du Flat, Mr. Gibbs, and the Master of the lousehold, and arrived at Windsor Castle at 25 minutes before 6 o'cloc3r A euard of honour of the Scoht Fueleer Guards, fWlth the band of the regiment, was at the Windoer Railway-station. The don. Lucy ho Kerr has arrived ae iaid of Honour in Waiting; Lord WaterCarpL and Mjor-General Ber eley Droamiond have also arrived as Lord and Groom in th sricen. The Qscen and Prince Consort, the PGince of Wgales, the 1lrncess }Royal, Princess Alice, Princecs Helena, and the auchess of Klent, the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Court, and the domestia household attended divine service this morning in the Private ChapeL hThe Hion. and Very Rev, the Dean of Windsor perfonned Despatches from the Governors of HXoughong, Ceylon, and the West Iudia Islands were received on Saturday at the Colonial-office.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the remaining half of a bankisote for 201., "for asaessed taxes llot claimed" from F. G. THE PRIN(ESS ROYAL'S MARsIAoB,-On the occasion of Her Majesty's marriage the QLaeen presented to ,each of her bridesmaids a diamond and turquoise ornament, to be worn on the shoulder on the sleeve of the dress; and -he ladies so distinguised always wear this badge whenever they attend at Court. We believe that some such distinction will be conferred on those who occupy a urominent positlon in the ceremonial of the naptials of the Princes Royal. Fourteen beautiful bracelets of the same pattern, -and with similar jewels, are being manufactured for the event, besides a number of brooches and pins. These latter contain on a shield of blue enamel tho cipher of the Prln-ceas in diamonds, sarmounted by the Prussian eagle also in brilliants. The trousseau of the Princess herself approaches -completion, and its magnificence will be in every respect ;vorthy of the iUustrious Princess.- Court Jounal. The marriage treaty of the Princess Royal with the Prince of Prussia has been signed at the Foreign-office by the Prtsdsan Minister and by Lord Clarendon, and also ,by the Archbishop of Canterbuy, the Lord Chancellor, and the Cbancellor of the Exchequer. The month of Jannary will be a month of festivities in the Court circles, Her dlajesty having resolved to celebrate tue nuptials of her .t)yal Highness tho Princess of England with great 6clat. The early and brilliant season, it is hoped will give a great tiimnulus to the trade of the me'eropolis. A vast number of the most distiuguished foreigners are expected In London. 'be Queen has ordered the whole of Clarldgo's Hotel iRivart's), in Brook-street, to be engaged for the reception *of the guests who canno., he accommodated at the P,iace, There Is nothing knowrn here of the alleged intention of 'the Dutch Court to demand the hand of the Princess Alice for the Prince ot Orange. The story originated in Parl, and may be pronounced totaly deatitute of founedatIon,- LIVERPOOL, Dee. 19.-The Royal Mail steamship Nsagara, Wickman oommander, sailed hence for Halifax .aud Boston on Saturday. with 48 passengers, the malls, a small cargo, dad 27,6001. in specie. On Wednesday next the 'United States' saail steamsbip Atlantic, Eldrldge oom3nxnder, will take her departure hence for New Yorkr; and ,on Saturday, the Royal Matl steamship Africs, Shannon commander, sails for the same de3tination. In the case of Frances Harris, who lies under seatence of death at Winchester for the murder of her ohild at Portsmouth, the Secretary of State has thought right, under aU the circumstances, to advie a commutation of the capital sentence to penal servitude for life.-Obsermer. ROYAL FEPE BOSPITAL, GnA's-u-ROA.o-The number of patients relieved at this hospital during the week ending Decemuber 19 was 2,227, of Woch 578 wQ neow eses.
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. THE PRESIDENTS MESSAGE. (BY ZLEO'o AND n aNATIoITAL TEZnAGR :l.) LIVEERPOOL, SuIcDAY Ev'mG. The Royal Mail steamship Africa has arrived with advices from New York to the 9th inst. and $1,691,609 Bpecie on freight. The Africa was detained in New York 18 hours by fog. The United States' mail steamer Baltic had arrived at New York and the Anglo-Saxon at Portland, both from LiverpooL Congress assembled on the 9th, when Colonel Orr (Democrat) was elected Speaker. The following are the principal points of the President's Message. On the subject of foreign relations lt says:- " Our relations with foreign Governments are, upon the whole, in a satisfactory condition. " The diplomatic difficulties which existed between the Government of the IJnited States and that of Great Britain at the adjournment of the last Congress have been happily terminated by the appointment of a Britih Minister to this country, who has been cordially received. While It is groatiyto the interest, as I am convinced it ls the sincere desire, of the Governments and people of the two countries to be on terms of intimate friendship with each other, it has been our misfortune almost always to have had some irritating, if not dangerous, out3tanding question with Great Britain. I" Since the orlgin of the Government we have been employed in negotiating treaties with that Power, and afterwards in discussing their true intent and meaning; in this respect the convention of April the 19th, 1850, commonly called the Clayton and Bulwer Treaty, has been the most unfortunate of all, because the two Governments placed directly opposite and contradictory cons'tructions upon its first and most important article. While in the United States we believed that this treaty would place both Powers upon an exact equality, by the full stipulation that neither 'will ever ' occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume or exercise any dominion" over any part of Central America, it Is contended by the British Government that the true construction of this language has left them in the rightful possesion of allthat portion of Central Amerxca which was in their occupancy at the date of the treaty; in fact, that the treaty is a virtual recognition on the part of the United States of the right of Great Britain, either as owner or protector, to the whole extensive coast of Central America, sweeping round from the Rio Honda to the port and harbour of San Juan de Nicaragua, togetherwith the adjacentBaylslandsexcept the comparatively small portion of this between the Sarstoon and Cape Honduras. According to their construction the treaty does no more than simply prohibit them from extending their positions in Central America beyond the present limits. It is not too much to assert that If in the TJnited States the treaty had been considered susceptible of such a coustruction, it never would have been negotiated under the authority of the President, nor would it have received the approbation of the Senate. The universal conviction in the United States was that when our Government censented to violate its traditional and time-honoured polity, and to stipulate with a foreign Government never to occupy or acquire territory in the Central American portion of our own continent, the consideration for this sacrifice was that Great Britain should in this respect at least be placed in the same position with ourselves. While we have no right to doubt the sincerity of the British Government in their construction of the treaty, it is at the same time my deliberate conviction that this construction is In opposition both to its letter and its spirit. "Under the late Administration negotiations were instituted between the two Governmentsfor the purpose, if possible, of removing these difliculties, and a treaty having this laudable object in view was signed at London on the 17th of October, 1856, and was submitted by the President to the Senate on the following 10th of December. Whether this treaty, either in its original or amended form, would have accomplished the object intended without giving birth to new and embarrassing complications between the two Government may perhaps be well questioned. Certain it is, however, it was rendered n-uch less objectionable by the different amendments made to it by the Senate. The treaty, as amended, was ratified by me on the 12th of March, 1857, and was transmitted to London for ratification by tlhe British Government. That Government expressed its willingness to concur in all the amendments made by the Senate, with the single exception of the clause relating to Ruatan and the other islands in the Bay of Honduras The article in the origfnal treaty as submitted to the Senate, after reciting that these islands and their inhabitants, ' having been by a conveDtion,bearing date the 27th day of August, 1856, between Her Britannic kLajesty and the Republic of Honduras constituted and declared a free territory under the sovereignty of the said Republic of Honduras,' stipulated that ' the two contracting parties do hereby mutually engage to recognize and respect in all fature time the independence and rights of the said free territory as a part of the Republic of Honduras.' On the 27th of August, 1856, It was found that, while declaring the Bay Islands to be ' a free territory under the sovereignty of the Republic of Honduras,' it deprived that republic of rights without which its sovereignty over them could scarcely be said to exist. It divided them from the remainder of Honduras, and gave to their inhabitants a separate Government of their own, with legislative, executive, and judicial officers elected by themselves. It deprived the Government of Honduras of the power in every form, and exempted the people of the islands from the performance of military duty except for their own exclusive defence. It also prohibited that republlc from erecting fortifications upon them for their protection, thua leaving them open to invasion from any quarter ; and, finally, it provided ' that slavery shall not at any time hereafter be permitted to exist therein.' Had flonduras ratified this convention she would have ratified the establishment of a State substantially independent within her own limits, and a State at all times subiect to British influence and controL Moreover, had the United States ratified the treaty with Great Biitain in its original form, we should have been found to recognize and respect in all future time these stipulations to the prejudice of Honduras. Being In direct opposition to the spirit and meaning of tho Clayton and Batlwer Treaty, as understood in the United States, the Senate rejected the entire clause, and eubstituted in its stead a simple recogDition of the sovereign right of Hondturas to these islands in the following language " 'The two contracting parties do bereby mutually engage to recognize and respect the Islands of Ruatan, Bonaco, Utils, Barbaretta, Helena, and Morat, situated In the Bay of Honduras and off the coast of the Republic of Honduras, as under the sovereignty andas part of the said Republic of Hondura.' Great Britain rejected this amendment, assigning as the only reasou that the ratification of the convention of the 27th of August, 1856, between ber and HoMaeuras had not been exchanged, owingto 1J te besitasri-m of that Government. Had Qkis ? dQcu iS is stated that }Ifr XajestyN PRovernL. ment would bave had little difficulty in agreeing to the modification proposed by the Senate, which then would have had in effect the same signifioation as the original wording. Whether this would have been the effect-whether the mere circumstauce of the exchange of the ratification of the British convention with Honduras, prior in point of time to the ratification of our treaty with Great Britain, would 'In effect' have had 'the same signification as the original wording,' and thus have nullified the amendment of the Senate, may well be doubted. It is, perhaps, fortunate that the question has never arisen. " The British Government, Immediately after rejecting the treaty as amended, proposed to enter into a new treaty with the UnitedStates,slmilar in all respects to the treaty which they had just refused to ratify', if the United States would consent to add to the Senate's clear and unqualified recognition of the sovereignty of Honduras over the Bay Islands the following conditional stipulation :-' Whenever and as soon as the Republic of Honduras shall have concluded and ratified a treaty with Great Britain, by which Great Britain shaU have ceded and the Republic of Honduras shall have accepted the said islands, subject to the provisions and conditions contained in such treaty.' This proposition was, of course, rejected. After the Senate had refused to recognize the British Convention with Honduras of the 27th of August, 1856, with fuU knowledge of its contents, it was impossible for me, necessarily ignorant of the provisions and conditions which might be contained in a future convention between the same parties, to sanction them in advance. "The abrogatlon of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty is recommended. The fact is, that when two nations like Great Britain and the United States-mutually desirous as they are, and I trust ever may be, of maintaining the most friendly relation vwith each other---have unfortunately concluded a treaty which they understand in senses directly opposite the wisest course Is to abrogate such a treaty by mutual consent, and to commence anew. Had this been done promptly all difficulties in Central Amnerica would most probably ere this have been adjusted to the satisfaction of both parties The time spent in discussing the meaning of the Clayton and Bulwer Treaty would have been devoted to this praiseworthy purpose, and the task would have been the more easily accomplished because the iznterest of the two countries in Central America is identical, being confined to secure safe transdts over aU the routes across the Isthmus. "W lhile entertaining these sentiments, I shall nevertheless not refuse to contribute to any reasonable adjustment of the Central American question which is not practically inconsistent with the Aener. can interpretation of the treaty. Overtures for this purpose have been recently made by the Bzitish Government in a friendly spirit, which I cordially reciprocate, but whether this renewed effort will result in success I am not yet prepared to express an opinion; a brief period will determine." Respecting Spain, the Message speaks of the insult offered by that nation to the American flag, and says:- " Our present EnvoyExtraordinary andMLinister Plenipotentiary to Madrid has asked to be recalled, and it is my purpose to send out a new Minister to Spain, with special instructionz on all questions pending between the two Governments, and with a determination to have them speedily and amicably adjusted, Hf this be possible." Of China, the Message says,- " While our Minister bas been instructed to occupy a neutral position in reference to the existing hostilities at Canton, and will cordlally co-operate with the British and French Ministers in all peaceful measures to secure by treaty stipulations those just concesdons to cominerce which the nations of the world have a right to expect, and which China cannot long be permitted to withhold, from assurances received I entertain no doubt that the three Ministers will act in harmonious concert to obtain similar commercial treaties for each of the Powers they represent." Of the Fillibustering expedition it says,- "Notwithstanding these precautions the expedition haseecaped from our shores. Such enterprises can do no possible good to the country, but have already inflicted much injury both on its interests and its character. They have prevented peaceful emigration from the United States to the States of Central America, which could not fail to prove highly beneficial to all the parties con. corned; in a pecuniary point of view alone our citizens have sustained heavy losses from the selzure and closing of the transit route by the San Juan between the two seas. The leader of the recent expedition was arrested at New Orleans, but was disebarged on giving a bill for his appearance in the insufficient sum of $2,000. I commend the whole subject to the serious atteLtion of Congress, believing that our duty and our interests, as well as our national character, require that we should adopt such measures as will be effectual in restraining our citizens from committing such outrages." The President announces his intention of de manding satisfaction from Paraguay for certain insults. Of the tariff the Message says,- " It has been in operation for so short a period of time, and under circumstances so unfavourable to a just development of its results as a revenue measure, that I should regard it as inexpedient, at least for the present, to undertake Its revision." The Mormons are thus referred to - " No wise Government will lightly estimate the efforts whi'ceh may be inspired by such frenzied fanaticism as exists among the Mormons inUtah. Thisis the first rebellion which has existed in our territories, and humanity itself requires that we should put it down in such a measutre that it shall be the last. To trifle with it would be to encourage it, and so render it formidable. We ought to go there with such an imposing force as to onvince these deluded people that resistance would be in vain, and thus spare the effusion of blood. We can in this manner best convince them that we are their friends, and not their enemies. In order to accomplish this object it will be necessary, according to the estimates of the WVar Department, to raise four addltional regi- ments, and this I earnestly recommend to Congress. At the present moment of depression in the revenues of the country I am sorry to be obliged to recommend such a measure, but I feel confident of the support of Congress, costwhat It may, in suppressing the insurrection, and in restoring and maintaining the sovereignty of the constitution and laws in the territory of Utah." The following is a suimmary of the portion of the Message referring to the financial crisis "The President, in deplaring the disastrous effects cansed in the midst of unsurpaseed plenty by the financial difficulties, intimates that the reduction in the revenue and the magnitude of the appropriations made by the last Congress may render a law necessary before thee close of the present session. The financial revulsion itself he attzibutes solely to their extravagant andvicious systemof papercurrency andbsnkcredlts, exciting wild speulation and gambling in stocsa With respeel tri the banks, he states that tle power in the State banks to issue bills for cirenlation as rurrenc, although conflicting with their daty, has been too long exercised to be now questioned. T|hare are, he states, 1,400 of theso banks, and, with the exception of the Bank of Louisiana, no pravihiQn waa made for the oonvertibility Qf their noteL Tlhe con1ouellce hAd been thOt t3 aggregate amount of actual specie in their vaults wvas $58,349,838; of their circulation $214,778,822; and of their deposits $230,351,352; thus leaving considerably less than one dollar in seven of gold and silver compared with their circulation and deposita, notwithstanding that $400,000,000 of gold had flowed in from California within the last eight years, and continued to flow. It was thus easy to account for their financial history, which for 40 years had been one of extravagant expansion in the business of the country, followed by ruinous contractions. As a remedy the President suggests a weekly publication by each bank of a statement of its condition, with the establishment of a real sDecie basis for paper speculation by increasing the denomination of banknotes; first to $20, and afterwards to $50; the banks being required at all times to keep on hand at least one dollar of gold and silver for every three dollars of their circulation and deposits, and to provide by a self-executing enactment, which nothing can arrest, that the moment they suspend they Shall go intro liquidation. He also recommends the passing of a uniform bankrupt law applicable to all banking institutions in the Union, by which it would be made the irreversible organic law of each bank's existence that a suspension of specie payments shall produce its ciril death. The tariff of 1857 has been In operation for so ehort a period, and under circumstances so unfavouramble to a just development of its results as a revenue measure, that he should regard it as Inexpedient, at least for the present, to undertake its revision. Mention is made of the treaty of friendship and commerce recently concluded at Constantiiioplo between the United States and Persia, and an appropriation is asked from Congresrs to cover the expense of sending a representative to Teheran. The President discusses at length the lansas imbroglio, pleads the legality of the Lecompton Convention, and argues that, while his instructions to Governor Walker covered the submission of the whole constitution to the people, the Lecompton programme, under the circumstances, wvil stiU amwer the purpose, lnasnuch as it does refer to the people the only really important party issue involved In the constitution - the slavery questlon. The report of the Secretary of the Treasury recommends that authority be given to the Treasury Department to issue Treasury notes for an amount not exceeding 20 millions, payable within a limited time, at a specified rate of interest; this authority to be exercised only In case of need; he argues against a high protective tariff, and takes ground in favour of freeers commercial intercourse with foreign nations. He takes ground in favour of a compulsory bankrupt law, but recommends a totally different Act from either of those which have hithertofore existed. It should be, he says, for the protection of creditors, not the relief of debtors; to prevent improper credit, not to pay improvident debts; compulsory, not voluntary, and to Include corporations and companies." Further advices had been received from the Utah expedition. 600 cattle had been run off by them in sight of Colonel Alexander's command. It was expected that the three divisions of the army under Colonels Johnston, Alexander, and Cook would soon be concentrated, and Governor Cummins and the other territorial officers were deter mined to enter Salt Lake City, if porsible. A skirmish had taken place, in which three or four of the Mormons were taken prisoners. The riot on the Erie Ralroad had been suppressed. At Havannah, on the 1st inst., exchange on London was 11 to 11I premium; freight more in demand for smaU vessels; stock of sugar 140,000 boxes, The New York money-market remained in about the same position as noted by the Atlantic, witb, perhaps, a little more demand, which was firmly met both by banks and discount-houses. The supply of prime business paper was stil small and much wanted, but of second-class there was more on the market than could be negotiated, ex. cepting at high rates of interest. High grades were quoted 9 to 12 per cent., and other kinds 15 to 30 per cent., according to maturity. The official statement of the New York banks was most satisfactory. Increase in loans, $1,370,000 odd; increase in specie, $1,766,000 odd; increase in circulation, $34,000 odd; increase in undrawn deposits, $136,000 odd. The specie average was upwards of $26,000,000. The business in exchange had been moderate. On London the quotation was 81 to 9i. The stock-market was more buoyant. The following were the latest quotations :-Iissouri Sixes, 78i; New York Central shares, 74j; New York and Erie shares, 17; Reading Railroad shares, 53; Michigan Southern shares, 19i; Cleveland and Toledo shares, 43; Panama lailroad shares, 92i; Illinois Central shares, 69; Illinois Central bonds, 811; Chichago and PRock Island shares, 75; Milwaukie and Mississippi, 32i; Galena and Chichago, 73 ; La Crosse, 102 ; Delaware and Eudson, 100; Michigan Southern, new stock, 33; Cumnberland, 9i ; Erie, 17 to 18. Cotton had declined about i cent. Ilour, whioh had previously declined between 20 and 40 cents, recovered five or ten cents on the receipt of the Baltic's news. Wheat had not varied materially. Freights dull, and lower. Molasses were in good steady demand. Crude turpentine dulL Sugar had advanced. There was a fair demand for tobacco. Iron remained extremely dull,
MrVISVEPAL MfOY.3fENTS. Viscount and Viscountess Palmerston will leave town to.day for Broadlands, Romrey, Hants, for a few weeks. The Dake of Argyll, accompanied by the Dachess, left Campden.hill, Kensington, on Saturday, for Treutha n, Staffordshire, to pass the Christmas with the Duke and Duche8s of Sutherland. The Marquis of Lansdovwne left Lansdowne-house, Berke. ley-square, on Saturday, for Bowood-park, Wilts, there to receive a large party of visiters during the approaching festive season. The Earl of Clarendon left town on Saturday for the Grove, near Watford. The Right lIon. Sir Charles Wood left his official residence at the Admiralty on Saturday for Hickleton-hall, Yorkshire, to pass the Christmas with his family. Lord Panmure has gone to Brechtn-.astle. N. B., but is not expected to be absent frona his official duties beyond three weeks. The Earl of Rarrowby left town on Saturday for Sandonhall, Staffordshire, to join the countess and family circle assembled there. The Right Ron. Robert Vernon Smith left town on Saturday for Brighton, but will return to.day. The Right Flon. the Chancellor of the Exchequer wvil leave Rent-house, Knightsbridge, to-morrow for Iarptoncourt, Radnorsbire. Lady Theresa Lewis and family leave to.day for their country seat. The Right lion. Henry Lahonchcre lefttown on Saturday for Stoke-park, near Windsor, where he purposes to pass the holydays. The Earl and Countess Granville leave town early in the present week to make a series of visits. The Rigbt Ron. Sir George Grey and the Right Hov. A. T. Baines leave for their respective country seats either tomorrow or the following day. The Lord Chancellor and l.ady Cranworib have left Upper Brook-street for their seat in Rent. Lord Stanley of Alderler will pass the Christmas with his family at Alderlev.park, Cheshire, where aonurnrous fanmily circle will asseiub'le. The Right Hon. R. Lowre remains at Cterham, Sarzey. ROYAL. COLLEGE OF VYTFM1ABY SGEONS.- The following gentlemen having T*ssed their examinations before the Board of the Royal College ot VbterLnary Surgeos, en the 16th inst., have eceived their diplomas, and been admit;d mermbers otibe colege :-Mathew Blak-es Fo;hes, Baigate, Surrey; WiUllam G. R, A. Cox, Ash84o,I)erlw- Jhire; Francis Friend S. Constant, Brompton, JaloLdor,; - trederjek Bland, Boston Lincolu'hire. Hlenry M Custselby, yorlkshiro i Samuel BeviUl, Soutliwell, Noto gLrqhitet ,QwugFetman, BeamisE, Durham,~
MONEY-MABXETandcIryl7%TTBLLIGBZfGB. Saturday Brening. The favourable. character of the Bank return caused the funds to open this morning at an improvement of an eighth on the advanced prices of yesterday, and a further rbe of a quarter per cent. subsequently took place, which was well maintained to the close. The first transactions in Conrols for January were at 92i to J ex. dividend, and they left off at 92k to 'i, with a very firm appearance. Loans on Government securities were obtained with ease at from 4 to 5 per cent. for short periods, and from 5 to 6 per cent. till the dividends. In the discount-market the rate was about 8S per cent. for the beat paper, and at the Bank the demand was still moderate. The expectation that repurchases will be made of sto-k lately sold by the various banks contributes to strengthen the market. Bank Stock left off at 217 to 219; Reduced, 924 to J ; Now Three per Cents., 92i to J ; India Bonds, 35s. to 25s. discount; and Exchequerbills, 5s. to is. discount. Foreign stocks continue buoyant, South American descriptions being in greatest demand; Turkish left off J per cent. higher than yesterday. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated at 97; Buenos Ayres, for the account, 96 and 93i; Granada, New Active, 19i; Meexican, for the account, 19- and i; Russian Five per Cents, 1061; Spanish, for the account, 41i ; ditto, New Deferred, 256 ; ditto, Passive, 5J and ;; and the Certificates, 4 ; Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, 944, 95g, and 94i; ditto, Four per Centb. Guaranteed, for the accolnt, 100k and i ; Venezuela Four-aid. Three-Quarter per Ceuts, 31i; and the Two per Cents. Deferred, 13. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 1 5c. for money and 67f. 30c. for the end of the month, showing a fractional advance. At RIamburg there has been a farther recovery of confidence,! and the rate of discount for the beat paper has receded to between 5 and ¢ per cent. About 120,0001. of gold, American, Australian, and Turkish, was taken to the Bank to-day, together with about 30,000 sovereigns. An estimate was given yesterday of the debts of the establishments broken down during the recent crisi. The total was 50,000,0001. The public, however, must not fall into the idea that this figure represents the losses of the period. Those whichl the country has sustained must be measured in a different and far more serious manner. People are apt to plead as an apology for the suspension of the Bank Charter Act that it lessened the number of stoppages that would otherwise have taken place, and to that extent saved the community from "loss." This, indeed, was the grand Ministerial point. If the failures which are now 50,000,0001. would have been 70,000,0001. but for the suspension of the Bank Act, how grateful should the nation be to those who for such an object Idid not hesitate even to -violate the statute law. But the fact is that if the aggregate had reached 100,000,0001. the nation would not have been a single pound poorer. When a firm suspends it must either have sufficient or Insufficient assets to pay its creditors. Such assets must consist of merchandise or other tangible property, or of claims upon solvent houses, and the value of these will be neither lessened nor increased by the fact of the possessor of them postponing payment of his own debts. When Messrs. De Wolf and Co. or Messrs. Barber, Rosenauer, and Co. stop with only 2s. in the pound for their creditors, it is not their failure that makes the loss. Persons who hold their bills find themselves to that extent poorer than they thought they were, but the worth of the bills is intrinsically as great as it was before the discovery. It is only an imaginary value, that has been destroyed. Such low as has arisen was inflicted on the nation long ago, and nothing can recover it. No advance to these parties by the Bank of England or any other banks could alter the result, It might enable them to maintain the fictitious value of their paper, and ultimately to throwthe consequences upon some other set of holders, but the commercial community, meanwhile, wouldmerely enjoy a fool's Paradise. Let it be clearly understood that when a solvent firm stops it must simply be because their property is for the moment unavailable, and that, so far from the event involving loss even to themselves, it must have the effect of giving them time to effect realizations, instead of forcing sales upon any terms; and that, on the other hand, if a firm be insolvent, the proclamation of its insolvency cannot cause property to disappear which has no existence. Cases may arise where it is very desirable assistance should be afforded, but it is for the sound part of the commercial community and the leading banking institutions to meet them. If a certain mill is working at so great a profit that it would be grievous to let it stop on account of the temporary embarrassment of its owner, or if a house can show such securities, and be willing to pay such a rate for loan s upon them as should tempt capitalists to come forward, every one would be glad to see such arrangemenbt. If they do not take place it is evident the profits of the mill, or the rates offered for the required loans, were not commensurate to the fair value of money at the time. The supporters of the Bank Charter Act are oalled "usurers," and denounced as men who would seek their own profits out of the misfortunes of others. They have doubtless, therefore, a keen eye for a bargain the moment it is really to be had. When the State is called upon to assist men whom neither bankers, billbrokers, nor private capitalists wfil assist, the public may safely conclude that it is not any patriotic desire to avoid the sia of usury-that is to say, the sin of taking the best market price for the commodity they deal in-that causes these gentlemen to hold back, in order that the Government may come in. The actual losses sustained by the nation have been going on for the last five or six years, and it is only now that we bave found them ouit. Although failures to the amolnt of 50,000,0001. have occurred since October, we are just as rich as we were at that period. Abont six months back The Times entered into the question of the perplexing character of the Board of Trade returns. Month after month they showed an increase in our commerce, but although there had been no foreign loans or wild speculation in distant public works, our stock of bullion presented a steady dirninution. It was evident that a foreign trade which had been increasing enormously for some years Ehould have resulted in great gains, and that these gains, if there was no apparent way in which they had been sent out of the conutry, should have shown themselves in a constant increase of our supply of specie. It was asked, can It be possible that this extraordinary trade has not yielded any profit, and that our prosperity is merely delusive? But the rejoinder was unavoidable-" Isit likely that people would have carried it on if they had not found it answer ?" It seemed impossile, therefore, to solve the riddle. Some persons thoeught that arge investments of our capital hadl perhaps, been made in France, owing to the low prices to which rentes and railroad obligations had, reetded after the speculative mania in that country- butthore best informed declared that the movvniment had been rather the other way. The matter, therefore, svas given up in despair. Now, the whole is plain. Monstrous as it appeared tc entertain the supposition that for a long conse,zutive period the export trade of the country 'Aad been carried on at a loss, this is the sole and a,.sufficient explanation of everytbing that has ha;ppened. The Western Bank of Scotland has 'laone lost 2,000,0001. by advances to swindling lshippers, who, for the sake of commanding thl market and rendering it impossible for any honest competitors to hold their ground, have gone~ on making consignments without any proipect of receiving adequate returns, the resulting deficiency being made up for the time by a proportionate increase in the manufacture of worthless pRper, which the banks and other holders continued to regard as " property" until the storm came which showed its real character. Before even 2,000,0001. could have been lost, what mnst have been the amount of trade carried on? Supposing even every bale of goods sent hence by these firms to have cost 1001. and to have realized only 901., tho declared value of such shipments must have amounted to 20,000,0001. sterling to result in such a deficiency. Look at the similar operations fostered by the Liverpool Borough Bank,theNorthumberland andDurham and several other establishments, and the nature of the enormous increase in our Board of Trade totals, which we have all been accustomed to look at with pride, will forthwith become transparent. Of course the money, was not entirely got rid of in this way. Large aums were made away with in personal dissipation, and occasionally, doubtless, marriage settlements were also provided. Those who live, however, upon what they do not earn impoverish the country preclsely to the extent so expended. Meanwhile the giant drain has been caused by the rise in prices of all foreign produce. Not only has the over-production which has been stimulated throughout all the manufacturing ,districts led to an unhealthy rise of wages andl an undue .consumptiox of imported articles, but.the speculations of the insolvent shippers, who havo ordered their agents to buy up silk, cotton, lugar, cofiee, and all other commodities at any price, in order to make their returns, has caused the English consumer for years past to pay 10, 20, or 30 per cent. for the necessaries of life beyond what would otherwise have been the case. The Brazilian coffee grower, the Chinese silk cultivatcr, the American cotton planter, &c., have aU been driving a grand business at our expense, and thus, year by year, notwithstanding the toil aud economy of the really honest and industrious classes among us, we have seen ourtelves get poorer and our specie resources gradually dimnish. The truth came upon ns in October last like a thunderclap. WVe had no idea but that we were full of property, bat we then found that our fancied property, instead of conAisting of merchandise, gold, or good foreign debts, consisted of nothing but accommodation bills figuring in bankassets for their nominal amount, and in some instances not worth the stamp on which they were placed. No suspension of the Bank Charter Act or issues of promissory notes, supported by nothing, could bring back one farthing of what has thus been squandered. All that such measures can ever effect, besides giving encouragement to speculators and bill discounters to resume as soon as poesible their old career, is to nitigate for the moment the fall in imported articles, so as to give the foreign producer still an unnatural advantage, and prevent such of our people as havo long been impoverished by the prevalence of artificial prices from getting as promptly as possible the ful advantage of a return to a natural state. The liabilities of Messrs. William Dray and Co., v,hose suspension took place yesterday, are stated to be about 00,0001. Mr. Dray was connected with Deane, Dray, and Co., but his partnership with that firm has juist been dissolved, and they will not be compromised. It Is understood the East India Company have received formal notice that it is the intention of the Government to bring in a Bill ior the abolition of the double government. Annexed is an abstract of the railway intelligence of the week :-A special meeting of the Scinde Railway have authorizod the issue of new shares to the amount of 500,0001., with a guaranteed interest of 5 per cent. per annum. The subscribed capital will thus be increased to 1,000,0001., but the whole of this sum will not be required, as the Government engTneers have calculated that the cost of the line will be about 760,0001. A committee has been appointed by the Preston Town-council to watch the Lancashire and Yorkshire Amalgamation Bill, and to take sch steps as they may deem advisable for protecting the interests of the borough and limiting the amount to he charged by the amalgamated compnies for tolls and carriag,es. The branch of the Great Northern from the Bytham station to Edenham has been opened for traffic. The Mldlaud have entered into an agreement with the Great Northern to run trains over the latter line between the junction of the Leicester and Hitchin Railway at EIitchin and King's-cross. lIr. George Paget succeeds Mr. Ellis as chairman of the Midland, and Mr. Hutchinson has been appointed deputy chairman in the place of 3r. Beale. A proposition for the formation of a railway from Cranbrook to Marden has been approved at a public meeting held at the former town. A statement has been made of the progress of the Victoria Brid4e, which will extend from shore to shore of the St. Lawrence, connecting the two portions of the Grand Trunk of Canada Railway. The bridge will be nearly two miles long, and is on the tubular principle. Its completion is of the greatest importance to the railway, as it will enable the traffic of the far west to be brought the whole length of the line without break. Of the 24 piers upon which it rests 22 wiU be finisbed by the end of next year, and in the meanwhile the erection of the tubes will go on. E:very exertion will be made to complete this extensive wvork (about W times as long as the Britannia.bridge) within the earliest possible period. The Countess of Lonsdale steamer sailed this morning for Hamburg with 8,611. Tbe Journal de Fran1;fort has advices from Bremen, announcing the arrival of the steamer l'Aigle from London with 27,0001. in gold. The North British Daily Mail announces the suspension of Messrs. Schwabe and Co., of Glasgow, with liabilities for about 30,0001. At the Coutt of Bankruptcy to-day an adjudication of bankruptcy was made against Mlessrs. Jonathan and Robert Hills, bankers of Dartford and Gravesend. The case was ballotted to the court of Mr. CommissionerFonblanque. The following information with regard to the mining business of the week is condensed from the Mining ffoturisai: " The mining share-mark-et has shown rather a better tone this week, still thu amount of business transactions has been llmited, and there is little disposition either to buy or sell just now. At West Seton MIIne meeting the accoulnts ihowed a balaace in favour of the mine 3,S03L.; a dividend of 3,2001 (31. per khare) was declared-balance, 103l.carried to Dext account. At Botallack Mine meeting on Tuesdy a dividend of 5001. (21. l0s. per share) was declared. At Wbeal Mary Ann meeting the accounts sbowed balanoe in favour of mine of 4,3341 ; the profit on the three months' working was 2,3311.: a dividend of 2,3041. (21. 5s. per share) was declared, and 2,0301. carried to nest account. The Eyam Mining Coomany (Derbyshire) have sold 59 tons of lead ore, anid declared a dividend of 1,4001. (11. per share.) The Isle of Alan Mining Company declared a dividend of 2,5fio/. (11. per share) on Wednesday. At Grt South Tolgu8 hire meetiDg the accounts showed balance in favour of tbe mine of 2 8121. ; a dividend of 1,5001 (5s. per share) was declared. At East Alfred Consols meeting the acOounts showed a balance of 1,3621. ainst the mine, to meet wbich a caU of 6s. 7d. per share was made. At Dolcoath Mine meeting the accounts showed a baance against adventurers of MI1. The tin now in stock is worth about 1,5601. At theLewl IMinesmeeting the account,s sihawcd a balance against minie of 1,4721. ; a cal of 6. per shrer -as made. At Wheal Agar meeting the accounts slowed a balance against mine of 681q1. ; a call of 4s. per share was made. At Blsountdle Mine meeting the acc,nts shovred a balance in favouxr of nmine of 4891. Tbo profk on the four' months' working was 4111. At Great Wheal Yor UIited Company meetirg the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 5.2601. ; a call of 10s. pershare was made. A conimittee was appointed to report, in conjunCtion with two of the directers as to the present poeition and future prospects of the mine." With respect to foreign mines it is stated t- "At the Liberty Mining Compaqy of Virginia meeting a resolution was p.s scd for raisitg 1,SQQI.. by s4besliptIor upon security of the company." A new ed;tion (the eighth), has been issued of the well-known pauiphllet on the Crt-rewcy Q'r stss by Mr. George Combo, of Edinburgh.* It exposes the prevailing sophlistries with extraordinary skill, and abounO's in praftical iflustrations. If the noble. men, landowners, and merchants who lately attended the (Glssgow demons.ration in support of the Western Bank of Scotland will give it their oon~ sideration, they will be better fitted on any future ccension to come forward as moral and financial guides to their trmsting fellow-countrymnen. _EffiughaniWion.
FOREIGN INTBLLIGBNCE. FRANCE. (InoM£ OUR OWN ir 001 IINo1.) [The folowing appeaxed in our second edition of S&Vdrdxv :-I PARIS, FRIDAY, Dic. 18, 6 P.m. I The English Government sent in 1855 an order to St. Etienne, one of the great manufacturing towns in France, for 20,000 rifies. The necessary authorization was obtained from the French War-office, and tho order is now nearly, if not entirely, completed. The manufacturer 'who executed it is naturally very proud that England should have recourse to his country in its necessity. In a letter addressed by him the other day to one of the Emperor's Chamberlains he observes:- " It is, I believe, the first timo that England, who was hitherto regarded as able to supply the most unforeseen wants of her army, should find herself obliged to have recourse to French industry. I had it too much at heart to sustain the reputation of my country in the eyes of our rivals to leave anything undone towards the execution ef an order which was intrusted to me, and I have had the satisfaction of receiving from the Englsh Government the most flattering compliments. With a view to perpetuate the memory of that operation, which is almost an event In industry, I htve ordered a medal to be engraved by M. Louis lierley, who gained the great prize at Rome, and who Is one of the artists of whom France is proud. I deslre earnestly to obtain the favour of presenting this medal to His Majesty the Emperor, as also the model of the rifles fabricated for Eugland, and I pray your Excellency to be good enough to solicit for me an audience of His Majesty." The audience was, I believe, granted, and the medal and the model of the fire-arm presented in due form. The Government has decided on the establishment of an ArtiUery CoUege at Grenoble. It Is remarked that since the accession of Napoleon III., who is so skilled in the science of artilery, the number of artUlery schools has been Increasing every day In France. A discussion has been going on for some days back between the Union, the Univers, and the ,Siacle, on " democracy" and " revolution." A good deal of ink has been shed and paper blotted in the quarrel, bat up to the present date they have not, I believe, agreed on the proper definition to be given to the word " democracy. Six or seven additional columns were to be devoted by the Siele, and as many moreby the others, to the settlemaent of this preliminary point. The authorlties, however, who have norelish forsuchtopies,have ordered the combatants to stop the discussion. No Government has more at heart the liberty of the press, provided the press touches on no subject that gives It umbrage. Unfortunately the difficulty is to hit on a subject that will not give it umbrage. The managers of La Presse had nearly resolved to request permission to resume the publication of that journal, but only on literary subjects, with a view to Esave the hundreds of persons employed by it from starving. They have, I am told, been obliged to abandon the idea. A letter from Marseilles of the 17th inst. statez that a new steamboat, caUed the Pausilippe, has just been launched at Ciotat, for the company of the Messageries Imp6riales. This vessel is to sail between Marseilles, the coast of Italy, Naples, and Malta. She is buUt on a new plan, so as to afford the greatest possible accommodation to travellers. There are 80 beds, so placed that passengers suffering from sea-sickness may repose without difficulty. Her engines are of 300-horse power, and she has made 14 knots an hour. The receipts of the Paris and Orleans Railway Company for the week ending the 9th of December amount to 988,531f. 44c., being a decrease as oompared with the corresponding week of last year of 177,739f. 6]e. The receipts from the 1st of January to the 9th of December amount to 54,406,557f. 87c., being an increase of 5,301,813f. 12c., as eompared with the receipts of the corresponding period of the year 1856. The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 67f. 20c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cent, at 92f. I1c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,3221. 50c.; Great Northern, 937f. 50c. ; Straaburg, 667f. 50O.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 842f. 50c.; Western of France, 665f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 542_ 50c.; Great CenLtral of France,640f.; Lyons and Geneva, 645f.; Bank of Or6dit Mobiier, 732f. 50c.; Austrlan RaRiways, 697f. 50c.; Eloman Railways, 480f. ; Russian RaUways, 495f. Courm Auh ueu.-PAss, Deceomber 18.-Cash Pies, -Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 92f. 91f£ 90o. 92f. 25c.; Throe per Centa., 67f. 67f. lOc. 5o. lOc.; Bank of France, 3,140f. 3,150f. ; ditto (825f. paid), 3,140f. 3,150f.; Cr6dlt Fonoler, 570f * ditto, Oblgations of 500f., Four per Cents., 427f. 50c. 4;6f. 25c.; ditto, Three per Cents., 40.5f.; ditto, Tenths, Four por Cents., 92f. 50oc. 90f. 88f. 75c.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 80M. 78f. 75c.; Promissory Obligatlons of 1,000f., Three per Cents., (200f. paid,) 955f.; Cr6dit Mobller, 737f. 50oc. 732f. 60c. 735f. 732f. 50c. ; Discount Bank, 680f.; Pledmontese Five Per Cents., )01.; ditto, Three per Cents., 53f ; Belgian Four-and.a- Half per Cents., 971; Romans, 86; Spanish Passivs, 5. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 20o, ;mony, 2f,. 30c.; three months, papor, 24t. 756.; money, 24f. l0c. AUSTRIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRBSPOXDENTT.) VIENINA, DEC. 16. A leading article on the result of the Belgian elections which is in the Oesterreichische Zeitung of this day Is calcutlated to produce a deeper impression on the minds of the Austrians, as well of high as of low degree, than all the pastoral letters and Jesuitlcal homilies which have been addressed to them since the conclussion of the Concordat. The article is too long to be transferred to your columns, but the following extracts will convey its meaning:- " Although the Papal Governrnent, If unaided, would not be able to maintain possession of Its territories, it has recently obtained victories equal to those gained by Gre. gory ViI., Innocent IIL, and Sixtus V. The policy of the Papal See in 1847 gave such offence to the great Catholic Powers that It appeared as if a long time must elapse beforo the Church could regain its infinenoe: but already she is as powerful, influential, and triumphant as she was in the times of Louis XIV. If a great event had not a few days since occurred in a small State, the world would have been justified In believing that the wheel of history was moving backward, and would not come to a stand until it reached the court-yard of Canossa, where temporal power was trodden under foot by spiritual authority.* "The issue of the Belgian elections is neither a slmplo party triumph nor an ocoxrronce of mere local importance, It is a great historical event, which goes far to prove tha, the successes of the Church durlng the last 10 years havy not been obtained over the masses of the people, The wor i Ultramontane' can be applted to single men, and even to classes, but u:ot to nations. In Sardinia, Belgium, Spain, Portugal, France, on the Rhine, in Austria, and even in the domains of the Church, the great masses of the people are not U7tramontanists. To the Ultramontane party be. long many men of high intellect, pure character, and elevated position, but stiUl it has singularly little real power. Victories obtained over the masses are generally durable in their eflects, but not so viotorles obtained over individuals or classes. If the result of the elections had proved that the. Belgian nation approved the policy of the ultraCatholic party, It would have been a tremendous triumph for Rome. The reverse was the case, and consequently Rome has suffered a tremendous defeat. Ultramontanism may find supporters in Urnliversities, in Governments, and In palaces, bat sooner or later It must give way to the opposi. tion offered by the masses of the people, with whom it find I no favour."1 The foregoing is well alculated to remove certain strange self-delusions which prevail in this country. Persons of the highest rank enltertain the conviction that as Ultramontansm takesi root in Austrla te people ww-L becorae more loyal, but the only visible effect of the excesslve zeal of the servants of the Church is, that the people have taken a strong dislike both to them and to thosepersons whom they believe to have "betrayed" (yerrathen.) Austria to Rome. The word quoted is that which is generaUy Lsed by the better classes in the city, but the people In the suburbs employ language which it would not be safe for me to repeat. Great prepa ations are being made in the inisstry of the Interior for givin g the lieges full accounts in the offcial Wiener Zeiuzg of everything that may happen in foreign countries. The Mfinisterial Councillor Bernard von Mayer, who is a leader of the ltramontane party and a member of the committee for keeping do the press, has already appointed correspondents after his own heart at Paris, Rome, and N aples, and he is said to be on the look-out for some person In L on. don who will consent to write in an Austrlan, or rather in a Roman, sense. The question of the freedom of the Danube has *Tills is an au tzon e the Emperor Heniry IV. of Ger- -~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ who WAs on remarkably Intmate terms WIth hls H:oliness. led to a correspondence between the Governments of the great Powers; and it eould not have been very satisfactory, for the Russians and French declare th*t the " Riverain" States are endeavourlng to " shirk" their obligations. At present the only positive information which can be given on the subject is, that the convention between the riverbordering States will soon be ratified. It is also affirmed that the right of cabotage has been denied by the riverain to the non-riveraiu States; and that the Porte, Austria, Bavarla, and Wurtemberg do not acknowledge the right of the Paris Conference either to revise or to confirm the convention which they coucluded here a month ago. On Thursday, the 10th inst., the representative of the Grand Duchy of lesse at the Bund laid before that body the representation of the municipalty of Mayence. It is to the effect that the inhabitants of the city claim indemnification for the damage done by the explosion on the 18th of November, ana desire that all large quantities of powder may immediately be removed to the outer*works of the fortress. The representation was, as a matter of course, handed over to the military committee of the Diet. The commiSsion which had to examine into the cause of the explosion has at last come to the conclusion that the Austrian non-commisseoned officer Wiemer did, on the 18thof November, feloniouslyset Mire to the powder magazine. A few days since 800 owt. of powder were removed from the magazine in the Boniface Bastion, and now the powder magazine in the citadel is being emptied. In all probability OTe Times will some day or other learn, from its Vienna correspondent, that one of the two Court theatres has been rebuilt, but that will hardly be the case until the other has been consumed by fire. The Imperial authorities know full well that half the audience must be destroyed if a fire should ever break out in either of the theatres while the performances are going on, but they are like the military ce.mmnittee of the Bund, and will not display their activity until the mischief is done. The excuse made for this strange procrastination Is a very bad one. We are always told that Austria has no money to spare, but two magnificent theatres might be built for the 20th part of the money which has been expended for arsenals and barracks, &c., during the Last two or three years. The authorities at Laibach the day before yesterday committed a strange blunder in regard to Lord Stratford. They announced that he had passed the capital of Carniola, but the fact is that he will not arrive at Trieste until to-morrow. Several commercial firms at Milan and Venice are said to be in diffioulties, and it is even hinted In one of the morning papers that a house in the last-men'doned city, which has liabilities to the amount of 1,200,000 lire (40,0001.), has suspended payment. Wherever it is feasible, Baron Sina lends a helping hand. Not long since he advanced 500,000 fiorns (50,0001.) on security to one house, and yeaterday he declared to the Directors of the Credit Bank that he was ready and willing to aid them in keeping a Prague firm on its legs. Baron von Ieden, one of the most renowned of German statisticians, has died here of inflammation of the lungs, which followed a cold which he took at the opening of the Szolnok-Debreezin Railroad. The telegraph service between Corfu and Malta will soon begin. A despatch of 15 words between Corfu and England will cost 11. 6s. 3d. Baron Brentano, a Ministerial Councillor in the Finance Department, has been sent to Hamburg. ITALY. A letter from Rome, of the 12th inst., in the Constitutionnel, says:- " The Consistory is fixed for the 17th, bat, contrary to the expectation of aU interested, there will bo no creation of new cardinals. The principal event of the meetlng will be the announcement of the birth of an heir to the throne of Spain, and the nomination of Monsignor Falinelli Antoniani, Bishop of Forli, to be Papal Nencio at the Brazils. The Grand Dutohess Helen, of Russa, arrived here the day before yesterday, and will remain during the greater part of the winter. She intends to live as retired as possible. It Is generally expected that the sale of the rlch colleotion of antiquities of the hfarquis de Camplna, whose defalcation is the subject of general conversation, will fully cover the deficit in his ac. counts. During some excavations lately made at a place called the Arco Travertino, about two miles from Rome, the villa of Qaintus Bervillus SDlanus, who was consul in 189, was dlscovered, and close by were foumd, at the same time, the remains of a Chrlstian charoh, with an entrance Into the catacombs. Baron de Reaumont, the Prussian Mitnster at the Court of Tuscany, has arrived hero to hold the ad in-m management of the Prussian Legation during the absence of Baron de Thoil, who has left for Berlin. The number of strangers now In Rome is unusually great, the majority being Russians and Poles, The weather is ox. ceedingly mild for the season of the year." A letter from Rome, in the Indipendente of Turin, says:- " The news from the province of Anoona Is bad; soveral awsassinatlons and asts of violonco have been committed, and 19 persons arrested upon susploion. The Pope is to hold a conslstory on the 16th or 19th inst., in which he will appoint nine Spanish and also some Italian bishops. Princa Luclen Bonaparte, the son of the Prince of Canino, is to be received into holy orders on the 13th by the Pope, and to say his first mass on the followring day. The Grand Duchess Helen intends stayng here four months; she has taken an hotel on the Piazza del Popolo for 35,000f. Queen Christina, who is also expected here, will inhabit the palace of the Spanish Ambassador. M. de Kisseleff, the Resident Minister of Russia, has already opened his saloons for the winter season."
DREADFUL RAILWAY GOOLIS02O. A fearful collislon of two passenger trains happened on the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhainpton Railway on Friday night. whereby a number of persons have been nai3med, and some of them so seriously as to fear the worst consequences. The aceident happened uider the following elreumstances:- Theo15p.m. down expresstrainrfrom EBuston-square, which runs In connexion with the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolver. hampton line, arr'Ived In due course at Bletchley at 6 23 and at Handborough, the junction with the Oxford, Wor. cester, and Wolverhampton line, at 7 20. It runs thence to Moreton, 21 miles, without stopping, and is followed after an Interval of five minutes by an ordinary train stop. ping at all the stations to Moreton. The express had got about five miles from Handborough when the engine broke down, and it came to a stop just where a smnall river flows beneath. Cliffe, the guard, instantly alhted, and, taklng his lamp sdgnal, ran as fast as he could along the line, which is single at this part, to stop the ordinary 7 25 assenger train from Handborough, whioh was following. A fog pre vailed at the time, and Cliffe had not proced far before the ordinary train came up, passed the guard, and continned onwards until It ran with great violenco into the end of tho express train, creating, as may be Imagined, the greatest alarm to the passengers of both trains, who were dashed from their seats with great force. The luggago van and two or three of the express train carriges w smashed, and Mr. Corbett, manager of the Salt Works at Stoke Prior, near Bromagrove, had one leg broken and the other fearfully shattered; Mr. Barnes wlne merchant, of Worcester, received an injury tohisknoe *Mr. ltedgfrave, glover, of Worcester, a wound on the forehcad* a lady of Malvern, name unknown, was badly hurt andshaken- a passenger, now staying at an inn at Worcester, receiveA a fearful gash aoross the face, displaong many of his teeth Miss Darke, of Worcester, an abrasion over the ri b; temple by being violently thrown against a passenger slttxng i t e same compartment, supposed to have been the o last named; Mr. S3ott, draper, and Mr. Arthur Wells, hop merchant, both of Worcester, much shaken, butnot seriously hurt; whlle other of the passengers, whose names have not transpired, were more or less insured. Mr. Scott, soliitor, of Bromsgrove, escaped In a remarkable manner Hearing the whistle and noticing the guard rutnnig with his signal, he succeeded inmjuping through the window of the carriage in which he was siting, but in so doing, narrowly oseaped falling into the river. An alarm be mmlog mmediately forwarded to Charlbury, the nearest statlon, about a mile distant, the railway authorities there made preparations to receive the wounded and to renider assistance at the scene of the asccdent. Mr. Corbett was conveyed to Oharlbury, where a sutrgeon attended, set the broken leg, and rendered the unfortunate man every aid that medical knowledge could suggest. In the meantime the news of the accident hadbeen telegraphed to Worcester, and many of the friends of the passengers waited In the utmost trepidation for their arrival there, which was not until about half past 1 o'clock on Saturday morning, instead of 9 p.m. on Friday. Mr. Carden and Mr. Everltt, surgeons of Worcester, were in waiting at the Worcester station on the arrival of thetra in, andlgr. Corbett, attended by the surgeon from Charlbury and Mr. Carden was speedily conveyed to Bromsgrove, and thenoe to bls home. The other passengers were also duly cared for. The cause of the accident of course was primarlly the breaking down of the engine of the express train. It is stated that on the starting of the engine from Handborough some defeci in Its worklng was noticed, and that something wa done to it at that station before it left for Moreton. Opinions differ as to the persons to whom the blane is to be attached as the cause of the collision subsequently. It was a foggy nlght, and the driver of the ordinary train may not have seen the lamp of the guard of the express when he n back ts protet his train. We do not find that any fog signals were plced on the line by the guard as he ad. vanced, whtich would have given the alarm to the driver of e ordinary train, had he not een the gnard's lamp. Iut shopedoir tlhle satisfaction of the publc, that theso SACRED HAltmON1o SocETy, ExETE-HAn,.-The esnl Christmas and lat perforranc of Handel's 2.4slIM tAked plAce on Wednesda next, thsg 2,M of Doqmibor.
IRELAND. (BOO OUR OWNr CoBpO3DX,T \ DUBLIM, SATURDAY Moiuuxe. THE BAEN OF IRELAND. The directors have just declared a dividend to ba inade to the proprietors of bank stock of 6 per cent., free of income-tax, for the half-year ending the 25th inst., and which is to be payable on and after the lat of January, 1858. The laat price oL this stock was 235. From a statement made by the Governor it appeared that after payment of this dividend there would remain a sum of about 23,0001., according to the estimate of profits for the half-year, which balance the directors recomrended should be added to the rest or reserve fund, it being prudent, in their opinion, in times like the present, to strengthen this reserve. MRa. SanTH O'BBINX ON SELRlELIANoE On Wednesday evening Mr. W. S. O'Brien made his firat appearance as a public lecturer before the LImerlck Mechanics' Institute of that city; and right well did Mr. O'Brien discharge the duty which devolved upon him as the Xpeaker of the inaugural address for the session of 18.58. His remarks upon the various topics which he brought unader the nosice of his audience were mostly characterized by sound sense, and by an avoidance of all reference to the Utopian schemes which had hitherto formed the staple stock of those patriots who hal traded extensively upon Irish grievances anai their remedy. Self-reliance, in Mr. O'Briea's view, should be the beginning of the moral revolution which would raiae Treland from a Btate of mere provincialism. "Instead," he justly remarked, "of considering what we cand) for ourselves, we are always inclined to inquira what can others do for us?" And by way of iJluftration he observes:- " I shall add only one word more, by way of exhortation to the young men of this country, for the purpose of endeavouring to induce them to abandon the habit, whiox unfortunately prevails to a great extent, of seeking to obtain situations under Government. This habit does not exist so much among the worldng classes as among the middle classes and among the wealthiest ranks of society. Such a disposition of mind tends much to degrade the character of this country and to check the natural energies of our people I am confident that It would be found upon inquiry that for everl appointment under Government conferred upon an Irb man there are at least 20 competitors. show, If this be the case, It is manifest that upon the occasion of each vacanoy at least 19 persons must be disappointed; and these 19 persons are for the most part induced to hang on, relying upon a vaguo hope, in a listless state of expectation, instead of exerting their natural energies to make an independent position for tbemselves in the honourable occupations of industry or commerce. This system of expectancy tends also to degrade the character of our public men. It is well understood at the Treasury that patronage is given only to those who are prepared to offer an equivalent for It in support afforded to the Government of the day. How is it possible, then, that a representative can maintain his Parliamentary indepcdence if he be constantly urged to solicit situations or his constituents? These rmarks do not, however, apply to a system of promotion dependent upon I competitive examination.' If such a system could be universally established and acted upoa with integrty, the acquirement of a situation under Government would be honourable to the successful person, and evea those wvho might fall would have had the advantage of an educational preparationx which would he highly useful to them in whatever path of life they might subsequently choose. But I fear that we are still far from the establishment of a system of promotion which would depend wholly upon merit; and I speak not with reference to changes wich may ibly hereafter occur, but wlth reference ta what actuay cxists. " Few living men have mingled with so maDy different grades of society, or have seen so many vicissitude3 of lie; and this experience has taught me th5t moral worth and intellectual prowess are not the exclusive inheritance of any particular class. Oa the contrary, I am convinced that there is often to be found in the breast of an Industrious mechanic more of genuine dignity than inhabits that of the haughtiest peer. I have dwelt in lordly mansions and in thatched cottages, and this experience has convinced me that genuine happiness Is as often to be found beneath the lowly roof as in the regal palace. Among the men that I have known who have obtained the highest success ia a professional or commerCial career the greater part have been the architects of their own fortunes; have owed every5ihing to their own abilitles and perseverance. I am able therefore to speak in terms of encouragement to the yong mechanics who have done me the honour to ask me to address them to-night, and to assure them, as well as the classes to whom Fortnne has been more propitious, that both individual advancement and national griatness can, under the blessing of Providence, ba secured only by cherishing the manly sentiment of self-reliance. We ought not, indeed, to reject the co-operation of those whose sympathies we are entitled to claim. On the contrazy, I have endeavoured to show to-night how many useful objects might be promoted by the combination of those whose interests are identical; bat we ought to practise the habit of considering, not what might be done for us by others, but what we can do for ourselves. By acting upna this principle the inhabitants of Ireland have It in their power to make this country a realm whose name shall ba mentioned with honour throughout all ages and among all nations of the earth. Since we cannot erase from our annals the pages which tell of dissension, and suffering, and degradation, let us at least pray that our posterity may hereafter enact and record a history that shall realize our fondest aspirations." THE CGREAT SLANDER CASE. The extraordinary case of "Strevens v. Campion has not yet concluded. The examination of witnesses for the defenco was resumed yesterday morning, when the defendant was put upon the table, and deposecd as follows *- " Mr. Christopher Williams Campion, examined by Mr. Lynch, Q.C.-Is a solicitor for the last 33 years. In 1843 was introduced to Mrs. Kelly by Mr. George Birch, who served his apprenticeship to me. Her husband diled in 1845, and a considerable litigaon arose as to his will. A cave3t was entered to the will by Mr. Crofton Kelly, the heir-at law, and his two sisters. Mrs. Kelly employed me. The Prerogative Court upheld the wUl This was in 1850. The other side appoaled to the Delegates, and they unanimously decided against the will. In 1851 a commission of review was granted, and that Court gave a strong declsion in her favour in February, 1853. I was the person in the first instance, and to whorm alone she submitted every doon ment in writing connected wlth the wilU of her husband. All the proceedings were taken by my advice. (Thi; evidence was objected to.) Mrs. Kelly requested me to abandon all my other pursuits, and give her the best aid sn ny power; I did so, and, after winding up somne matters in my office, I substantially gave up al my other business to attend to hers; Mrs. Kelly often said she was much obliged to me (the witness here exhibited some emotion); Mrs. Kelly was in the habit of consulting me confidentialy as to her affairs. I continued on those term3 with her till an hour and a halfbeforeherdeath, Th3 friendship between me and Mrs. Kelly was not in the leas; interrupted by what occurred in reference to the loan t; Despard Taylor. (The wiU of Mrs. Kelly made In 1853 wa 3 handed to witness.) This wiU was faithfuUy prepared according to my instructions. I advised Mrs. Kelly both as regards tbe wUl of 1853 and the wlU of 1854 to give George Strevens 5,0001. instead of 2,0001., and to take back the property left to him and give It to his brother Thomas; in referenco to theowill of 1854 I advised Mrs. Kellynot to Include In her bequest to George Strevens a denomination of land called Cartroon, comprising about 36 acres; to that extent only havo I injured Mr. George Strevens. The effoct of this advicoe which Mrs. Kelly followed, was to reduce the legactes to the Bailey family by 14,0001., and increaso the legacies tothe other members of her family in the same amount. Mrs. KeUylwas emineatly qualifiod to manage her affairs, and judge of advics given t hor. I nover used any means with Mrs. Kelly t) turn her against George Strevens, except so far as the relation of facts concerning him which I considered it was necessary she should knowfor his benefit) may ba takeniato account. As I am a living man there is not a word of truth In tho statemout of Hugh KeUy, that I desired him to 'blacken' George Strevens to Mrs. KeUy. I never sUggested to Hugh Kelly to wrlte an untruth of George Stre. vens or any other man. Mrs. Kelly frequently said to me that sho did not think that George Strevens lost the money of the check in the hayfield, and I certainly concurred in her opinion. The money was never found. I did not bslieve that the money was lost accident ll and five or six days preceding her death Mrs Kelly said, in the presence of George Strevens, IMind, George, we have naot settled yet as to the money you said you loet.' She did not say that he hadnotlostit. I expressed a doubt as to the trtth of the statement of Strevens that certain sheep wora stolen from Ballinderry. I honestly entortained that doubt. (Excepted to.) Mr. George Strevens, in accounting to Mrs. Kelly for certain lambs In 185 did not menjion the sale of a number of lambs to Mr. Costelice. I remember being at, the Inn at Moate with Mrs. Kelly.M. Cosell cam - I-" and wO baa a conversation. After he went a,way ; Strevens sald to Mrs. Kelly, ' Aunt, I fo ot, in accountin' for the lambs, to mention those sold toxMr. Costelloe.' I heard Mr. Strevens mention the number of lambs not accounted for. He said either ' half a dozen, or half a score.' I heard of tho intrigues which George Strevens had with the girls whose names have been enumerated. Mrs. Kelly also knew of his intrignes. Mr. Strevens was reputed to be of violent temper. A can gyve instances of his conduct to jastify my statement. (Objected to.) Mm Kellfs last visit to Ballinderry was for the object of settling the account between herself and Strevens, to show him that she was aware of the extent to which she had been plundered by him, to send him to England, to give him a sum of money to enable him to commence farming there, and to remove him as far as possible from these people, his intimacy with whom she believed would brlng him to ruin. I earnestly urged her to do so, and advised her to give him l,OO0O. to stook afarm in England. I waspresent at the interview between Flood and Ms Kelly in Dnblin. Flood said he could not remain worldng at Balinderry, in consequence of Mr. Strevens's interference. Mrs. Kelly told him that she would have his grlevances redressed. Th,.t she would soon go down to Ballinderry. Flood said she and I ought to be very cautious about going to Ballinderry, as mischief might be done to u. There was some conversation about the means by which mischief could be done; and there was a reference to the subject of poisoning, and a talk about Honor Browne. There was some allusion to the Rugeley poisoning case. She saId she would go to BaUll. derry and remove Strevens. She said she would give him SOW. I said it was a great deal too little, and that she should give him more, using the word 'shall' or.'must' In a very peremptory tone. She said tc-me that she would aot allow any one to diota to her, I &was hq lT thg tone she used toward me, and, being angry and vexed, left the room. I don't recollect having ant conversation with Flood at Ballinderry before the murder mn referenoe to the conver3ation which he hadwith Mrs. Kel in Dublin. The witness thaving deposed to the visit of rs.3 KeUy and hImself to BallinderryIn April, 1856, to make up the acounts, stated that soon after arriving there he commenoed to draw out the accounts. Mr. Strevens sometimes assisted me at my earnest request; but I may 8ay the accounts were draiwn up by myselt alone, as Strevens absented himself. I don't reerdlect having heard of any statement by S'revens as to making up the accounts before the murder. 3rs. Kelly was asking me whether the accounts were made up, andI re member saying to her, " It is a farce to think of making up the accounts in the absence of the man who can explain them. I may chargo him in hls absence with items which he has accounted for." The accounts were Unsettled at the time of Mrs. Kelly's death. I made out on sheets of paper abstracts of the account-books, under different heads, and for each year. I do not know whether the sheets of paper are In existence or not. They were on the table in a room at Balhnderry-house when Mr. Strevens came inand said that Mrs. Kelly was murdered. I went away, and when I returned to the house the police were there, and I was not allowed to look at the books or papers, and, indeed, I did not ask to do so. The sheets of paper were useless according as I made use of them. I will not swear Mr. Strevens sat besidemewhlleIwasmaking entries in this ledger (produced), but he was sometimes with me when I was writing in the items on the sheets of paper. (This evidence was objected to). "1 Upon the books before you, from which you mado up the account, so far as you went, was the balance for or against Mr. Strevens ? "Mr. WHITESIDE, Q.C., objected to the question. " CHIEF BARON.-YOU may provo from the materials before Mr. Camplon, at Ballinderry, up to the time he ceased taking the account the way the balance was; but this is open to the objection founded on the non-production of the sfheets of paper in question. "Air. LYCs, Q.C. (to witness).-Was the balance for or aainst Mr. Strevens 9 " Witness.-Against him. The evening before the mur. der I told Mr. Strevens that I had made out tho accounts as iar as I could, not mentioning up to the year, and that the balance was against him; also, that he ought to assist me In making out the accounts, as I might mako mistakeE, owing to not having his aid and assistance. I don't recollect tell. ing him the exact amount of the balance against him, but I believe I did. The tot ofthedebitsand thecreditswas written by me in pencil in this book before me. I now balance the accounts, and I find the balance against Mr. Strevons for 1852 to be 971. ; for 1853. to be 1051.; for 1854, to be 1531. I am sure that the tots of the credits and debits were in this book on the night before the murder. On the day of the murder I ascertained that some additional items were to be charged on both sides of the account in reforence to the year 1853. I put down the items, but the other tots for the year remained uncorrected in the book. The other day T totted up the additional items, and the other Items at Mess. Curry and Sheild's, and the correct tots for '53 are -Debts, 1621. 0s. 4d.; credits, 391. 6s. I made entries for 1855, hut I struck no balance. (This evdence was excepted "Mr. LYNCH, Q.C.-The reult of the amcount for 1855 cnbesupid "Examination resumed.-Mr. Strevens principally asssted me In making the abstracts on the sheets of paper prepara. tory to maklng the entries in the book before me; but I must say that this book does not contain the correct state. ment of the accounts. Whenever I met the entry of a sale of steok, and another entry that the money was paid to Mrs. Kelley, I omitted both items from the account. "Mr. LYNCH, Q.C.-That is quite clear; any one con understand it. ",Mr. WrrnETE , Q.C.-Speak foryourself, Mr. Lynch. It appears to me to be about as clear as mud. (A laugh,) " Examination resumed.-When I told Mr. George Sirevens that the balance wws against him he said nothing. I told Mr. Strevens that Mrs. Kelly intended to return to Dublin on Wednesday (the day following the murder). I believe I did not mention her intentlon to return to any one at Ballinderry but Mr. Strevens. To my knowledge no one but Mr. Strevens knew that Mrs. Kelly intended to return to Dablin on Wednesday. The day before the murder Mr. Strevens asked me to go with him to the hill field, the field where she was murdered, to see about a wall that was to be huilt on the side of a ditch. Mr. Strevens never before asked me to go out with him. We were not on good terms, and we only spoke to each other on buslness matters since 185L He spoke to me civilly, and I conceived that he was making me a friendly overture. I did not go, as I had the aceounts to make up. On the day of the murder, after brealfast, Mr. Strevens said to Mrs. elly, 'Aunt, won't you come and look at the wall.' She asked me to go with her, and I said that I had not time, as she wanted the accounts to be made up. Mrs. Kelly would not go, or she did not go when she found that I was not going. I continued at the accounts up to dinner time. Alter dinner I heard Mr. Strevens again ask Mr Kelly to go olt to the field where the wall was to be built. He did not ask me to go. On the second invitation we went. Passing through the yard we saw Flood at work at the bank (excepted to). I asked Flood to come with us to the hiL Mrs. Kelly and Mr. Strevens were within hearing of my request and Flood's answer. I saw some whispering between Strevens and Mrs. Kelly, but I don't know what It was. After this she said, 'dYou need not come. Flood, or Mr. Flood.' We walked out of the house, and Flood remained behind. We went to the field. This was at a quarter past 2 o'clock. We got to the field in about a quartr of an hour. (The witness hers indicated on a map the route whloh he. Mrs. Kelly, and fr. Strevens took in proceeding to the field, and the place where he left the field and returned home, leavlng Mr. Strevens and Mrs. Kelly together.) When I reached the house I resumed the accounts. In about an hour and a quarter Strevens came into the room. He said, 'Mr ,amplon, aunt (or AMr Kelly) Is shot (or murdered) by two men at the hill' I snatched up my hat to run out of the room. !ie saidl, 'Don't go, Mr. Campion, or they wi shoot you-the are there tl' I think I called him a dirty cowa When I was running out of the room I saw hlm at the sideboard, and putting his hand near the place where the pocket of his trousers was. I went to the scene of the murder; while on the way Flood passed me ; before I got to the field Flood, who was after being there, and had turned back, met me, and said, 'Don't go up, it Is a frIghtful scene.' I said I would go, and I did go. I saw Mrs. Kelly's body (witness seemed to be overcome by strong emotion, and wept in giving this evidence). After enumerating the different persons in the field where the murder was committed, the witness sad he was from 20 to 25 minutes there before Mr. Strevens arrived. Bgfore ho reached me I observed to Flood, ' I believe this is the man who got this done.' At the time I said this I believed It solemnly and sincerely (excepted to). When Strevens came up I said, 'How was this done? you can tell us about It,' he had previously told me in the parlour of the house that she was shot or murdered by two men on the hill. The witness at this stage of his evidence appeared to be unable to control his feelings; his voice became broken; he burst into an agony of tears, and, turnng round in the box, seemed to be in a fainting condition. He was assisted into an apartment convenient to the witness. box. After a delay of a few minutes, "The Cgtrn' BARoN adjourned the Court tilhalf-past 10 o'clock." THE FUNDS Three per Cent. Consols, shut; ditto, for account, January 5, 1858, 91-- 92 911&; New Three per Cent. Stook, 91 i; ditto, for account, January .8,1858, 91.; Railways.-Cork and Bandon, 56Z. paid, for account, 84; Great Southern and Western Stock (1001. paid), 97? ; ditto, for account, 97j; ditto, four per cent. preference (181. paid), 16 ; ditto, four per cent, preferenceo, paid in fall (201. paid), 18 1&t; Midland Great Westerni and Royal Canal (504. paid), 474.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMEM. Sir, -In your report of the 11th inst., on the case Spiers v. Browne, an erroneous statement has been made in reference to me. I am represented by your reporter as having formerly been a clerk in Messrs. Longman's house. This is a gross error; I only know Air. Longman by name; I never spoke to him nor ever had anything to do with him. I was fornerly a professor in Paris; I am now professor of French at the Royal Alilitary Academy, Woolwicb, and a' the Orc.nance School, Carshalten. As this false assertion In the report might do me some injury, and as I can only look to you for redress, I beg vou Will favour me with the insertion of this letter in an eary number of youir paper. I havo the honour to be, Sir, _- _ - Your verv ohecli,nm -,4 E. BENOIT. (, Lonlon-Toad, Croydon.
THE IRISH ECCL SIASTICAL COMmSSIsoK.-The annual report and account of this OommIssIon for the year ended 'he 1st of August, 1857, has just been published by order of Parliament. It reports the opening of certain new churches ina the various diocess of Ireland, and states that no grants for now churches have been made durln the past year (except In two cases), in consequenoe of the withdrawal of the ministers' moneyby Parliament. A good deal is said on the subject of the hilisters' bIoney Bil *;-the commissioners priyed to bo heard by counsel before the House of Lords, for the purpose of removing certain miaprehensions respectiug the sufficiency of the fuds of the boardl to bear, wit out the assrtaneo of the said ministers! money the burden which had been cast on them by the Act 17th vic. toria, cap.11, but the petition was presented rather too late. 4t),3684. was appropriated during the year to the builidng, enlargng, and repair of churches. 4694 was disributed fr wehe aumdentationo 1.l9r po2or jt,;ngs,tthe in comhes of wthich wereundr 104 -yer. 3 ap~c~o~forthe purchase o perpetulties were received, and the sum realized from tbs. ~egrce wIthin the year amoaunted to 5,995{,
LAW RZPOQ2 COURT OF OERANCEEY. izoor's.=. 13r. 19 kTItTNSOb v. R (Beforc ae LORD C cIOxLLOR and ahc LORDS JUSTIc or A.PPxLL.1 Ib will be recollected that Beverul questions arising upon the construction of the will of George &ron were appointed for argument this morning when the case was before their Lordahipa on Wednesday laet. That part of the will upon which the diffcu1ty has arisen was set out iu 17he Ti7rncs of Thursday. The argnmentb were not concluded at the rising of tho Mr. Bacon, Mr. MAlnsl Mr. R. Palmer, Mr. Craig, Mr. Bilton, Mr. Pearson, and Mr. Forster were the counsel engaged ln the cse.
VICB-CECANCELLOR'S COTJT. SATTrRTAV fnVn 10 TtTRa V MRnVln (Before ywc*o0zancedor Sir J. STUAB.Tj The hearing of this case, which has occupied the Court during the greater part of the last three or four days, was concluded. The bill i filed for the specific performance of an agreement for the purchase of eertain leasehold pro. perty. Ir. Bacon, Mr. Maling, Mr. Osborne, Mir. G. M. Giffard, Mir. Archibald Smith, and Mr. Nalder appeared for tho different parties. At the conclusion of the arguments, The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that he woould doe'ver judg. ment on Monday morning. STANSFnl;D V. OOUrrr. This is a suit] for the purpose of etting aslde a bll o sale of certain furniture, on the ground, among others, that several successive bilb of sale of the same furniture, and for securing the same amount, had been exectted within 21 days of each other, with the view of avoiding registration under the 17th and 18th of Victoria, c. 36, and that prior to the last of auch bils of sale, which was duly registered, an act of bankruptcy had been committed by the asslgor of the furniture, on which he was subsequently adjudged bankrupt. The plaintiff's case is not yet opened. Mr. Mallns and Mr. W. D. LewIs were for the plaintiff; and Mr. ElIslmy and Mr. Terrell for the defendaut.
COURT OF OUXEN'S BR,lT-l (l1TTT1T T, T. .n fRRn6W v - (SMtingo at Nisi Pri- before Lord CANB }LL Cnd CoMMon.JuTriet- Mr. Lush, Q.C., and Mr. Grlffits appoarfr tiff, and Mr. Serieaut Thomas and Salter for the de. fendant. The plaintiff in this action, Hlenry Joseph Brown, said he was an architect and surveyor, and he sued the defendant, George Octavius Hopton, a surgeon, in Judd-street, Brumswick-square, to recover the sum of 421. 5s. 7d. due upon a bhll of exchange accepted by the defendant, and endorsed to the plaintiff by a man named Bradley, who drew the bill. The defendant pleaded that the bill had been accepted for the accommodation Of Bradley, and that it had boeen delivered to the plaintiff to be diswounted, but that the plaintiff kept the bbil, and gave no consideration for it. The issue being on the defendant, Air. Hopton was called, and said that on tho 16th of May, 1857, ho accepted the bil in question for the accormodation of a person named Bradley. On the 2d of June the plaintiff ca and asked if the acceptance was his, and being told that it was, the plaintiff said he had done a very wrong thing in accepting the bill, for Bradley was not worth a farthing Th in tiff caUed several times on the defendant, and offered M Iet him have the bill back for 31. 6s., but the defendant refused, saying it was extortion. The bill became due on the 19th of August, but It was not presented. In October the plaintiff called on. the defendant about the bill, and the de. endant sd hbe woould s.e Bradley, and when the plaintiff caUed the next time he told him that Bradley saidhe had no consideration frora the plaintiff for the bilL The plaintiff then said he had advanced the money, and that be would have It from the defendant. The defendant was cross-examined to show that Bradley, who was a plumber and painter, had done work for him, which he admitted; but he demed that the bill was anything but an accommodation bilL He also denied that he had promisoa the plaintiff to pay the bill. Henry Bradley said he called on the plaintiff on the 18th of May to get the bill discounted. He left the bill with the plaintiff, who said he would get It discounted In two or three days. On the 20th the plaintiff said his charge for discounting It would be 31. Bradley said it was too much, and the plaintiff then said he would see the party, and get it reduced, and if he (Bradley) would call the next morning, no doubt he should have the money. The plaintiff the next day said he had not got the money, but if Bradley would call on the 22d, and deposit somo collateral security, the money should be ready. Bradley oalled seve al times, but never got any money, A paper produced by the plaintiff, and which had " Henry Braey" written on the righthand top corner, was here shown to the witness. The wituess said "This is my signature, but I never saw what is written on that psper till the day before yesterday." (The body of the paper purported to be a receipt by the plaintiff for the biU on Its being deposited; and at the top thereon was an acknowledgment of having received 391., to which the name of "H Henry Bradley" was appended.) Another paper slmilarly signed was shown to the witness, and he admitted that the signature was his, but denfed that he had ever seen the contents of the paper before. Lord CAPBrL asked the witness if he could account for his genuine signatures being on those papers. The witness said he accounted for It in this way :-He had been employed by the plaintiff to prepare some inventories of furniture, and he signed his name at the bottom, and be believed that these signatures had been cut off and the paper filed up by the plaintiff with what appeared underneath the signatures. The witness also said he had sent the plaintiff several invoices of goods signed at the bottom by his request. The witness called the attention of the jury to the fact that the signature to the acknowledgment of the 39Z. was clearly written with different ink from the rest of the paper. The witness said he gave the plaintiff 10 or 12 sheets with his name so signed. The jury, on the inspection of the documents, appoared to entertain a strong opinion that the papers were ooncoctod; and Lord CATPBELL gave directions that none of the parties should leave the court without permisLson. Bradley also staitd that on the 8th or 9th of June he gave notice to the plaintiff not to negotiate the bill, and applied to him to get the bill back, but the plaintiff would not unless the witness would pay 31. The witness also Isald the plaintiff had got a pawnbroker to advance him some money on some goods, and that on 23d of June he (the plaintiff) offered to buy the duplicates. The witness deposited the duplicates with the plaintiff, but he got no money. The plaintiff then asked for a receipt for 531., saying he should have the money the next morning - but when the plaintiff got the rocoeipt he kept both that and the d Uli cates, and gave him no money. On the 10th of October Bradley instructed his attorney to sue the plaintiff for the 531. and the bill; and then it was the plaintiff brought the present action. On cross-examination the witness said he had sent the plaintiff three inventories, but he would not swear he had signed more than two. The witness swore positively that he had never received a farthing from the plaintiff on the bill, nor any memorandum either for tho biUl or tickets. He did not tell the plaintiff the defendant had given him the bill for a trade debt. The plaintiff had given him notlce of dishonour on the 19th of August, Henry Betterson, Bradley's foreman, proved that he had served the plaintiff with notice not to part with the bill, but to deliver it up to Bradley. Edwards, the defendant's assistant, said he recolected the plaintiff calling on the defendant and offering to give the bml up for 31. 5s. Mr. Lusr then, on the part of the plaintiff, said he should prove that the three documents produced were aU genuine documents, and that the sum of 391, had been given to Bradley when the biUl was discounted. The plaintiff, Henry Johnson Brown, was then caUed, and said that when Bradley brought the biU he said it was given to him by the defendant for painting his house. He went to Bradley's house and satisfied himself by an inspec. tion of his books that this statement was true, and that the defendant's debt to Bradley amounted exactly to 421. 5s. 7d., the amount of the bill. The next day Bradley brought a copy of the account, and the witness gave him the memorandum containing a receipt for the bilL That was on the 18th of May. The next day Bradley brought back the mnemorandum and two leases. The witness then discounted the biUl for 391., and Bradley signed the receipt on the top of the memorandum. Tho witness then gaveBradb ley a memiorandura for the leases. The wit-ness said be kept a cash. book, bllU-book, journal, and diary, in which he entered all his transactions from day to day, and he referred to the different entries in the several books in confirmation of his evidence. (The books were here all handed in, and the several entries inspected by the jury.) The witness said that on the 26th of May Brad'ley brought back the acknowledgment of the leases, and that he at the same time exchanged for it an acknowledgment of the tickets in lien. (All this was entered with great minuteness in the plaintifs journal.) On the 26th of June Bradley brought back that document, and the witness then wrote uport it an acknowledgment, which Bradlny signed. (This transaction w&s not entered in the journal, but the witness could not explain the reason for the omission.) The witness here contradicted several portions of the defendant's evidence, and said he had paid Bradley 531. for the goods referred to in the tickets ou the 1st of July. The witness stated that on the 27th and 29th of June Bradley brought other bills to him to be discounted, but they were returned. A juryman here observed that nearly every bill in the bill-hook was described as retmrned ; all except two. On cross-exauiination the plaintiff said he began business in Aprll last. He was 37 years of age, and had been in bu8iness before, but he had been insolvent and in prison. The witness was here asked whether he had not falsely pretended to a person named Hawkins, who was in court, that a Air. Parkes had signed a paper produced in order to get some money advanced. The witness did not distinctly deny the imputatlon. He said he had been employed under the po ee In making surveys under the Building Act, but he was not a detective. He said the memorandum for the 391. was signed by Bradloy at his (the plaintiff's lodgings, at No. 35, Southampton-street, Strand, and that he gave Bradley the 531. on the 1st of Jnly in notes and gold in the presenee of his (plaintiff's) wife. Mrs. Brown, the plaintiffs wife, confirmed her husband's testimony as to the payment of the 391. and 531. to Bradley in her presnce, and stated that she saw Bradley sign the receipt. She accounted for the very black appearance of Bradley's signature by saying that they used two kinds of ink-copying ink and also common ink. Mr. LusH, on the part of the plaintiff, then summed up the evidence at considerable leogth, and called uo the ury to give credit toDthe plaintiff's evidence, con nmed as Itwas by his wife, and by the entries in the book aud other documents in evidenoe. Mr. Serjeant THocEAs in reply contended that all the documents were forgerles, and that the plaintiff had at. tempted to support and give a colour to his fraud by an elborate ystem of concocted entries, and called upon the iury to adhere to their first Impression, which he sald S the true one, that the document3 produced were for. Lerd OAnII'BF L, in summing up thQ evydenoe, id the uestion was whether the paintiff had given consdderation or tbe bill to Bradley. lPon that point the evidenoe was raost conficting; but the jury must sa which xide they belleved,-the plaintff and is wife on the one side, or the defendant and Bradley on the other. his Lordship then reerred to the prominent points in the evidence, and finall told the jury that the question was peculiarly within their poroince to determine, and he had no doubt from the attenthon they had paid to it they would come to a rig'Et decdsion. The jury almost immediately found for the defendant. Lord clCapBZ L then ordered the three memoranda to be impounded. x QUEEN V. BUIJB.r Mr. Huddleston, Q0C., and Mr. Watkin Wiliams ap. peared for the prosecution; Mr. Langford for the de. fendant, The defendant, Willlam Whltfield Burnett, was charged with wilful and corrupt perijry, amsigned upon an affidavit made in the Lord Mayor's Court on the 18th of Apri, 1856. The prosecutors were Messrs. Rickett, Smith, and Cast, coal merchants in the city, and It appeared that the prosecution arose out of some tranctions which they had had with the defendant in the year 1855. The prosecutors had entered into a contract with the defendant to supply him with 80 tons of coal Weekly upon certain terms as to payment; but as the defendant did not keep his payments according to contract they cessed to supply the coals as they had contracted. The defendant upon this sued the prosecutors In a superior oourt to recover damages for breach of contract, and being led to belleve that one of th parties, Smith, had not entered an appearance to the action, he signed judgment, and had Smith taken on a c; Sa. The next day, the lGth of October, 1855, the parties appeared beforea judge at chambers, and the judge, Mr. Justice Willes, being satisfied that an a3pearance had been entered, ordered Smith to be dieh upon the terms that he should not bring any act'eion ro the arL The defendant was present in pewn and heard the order made. On the 18th of April in he next year, 1856, the defendant entered a plaint fn the LDrd Mayor's Court against the prosecutors for a sum of 1101. 2s. 3d.; and on the 18th of April, 1856, he made the affidavitin question,in which he sworethat he had recoverod judgment against the prosecutors for that amount, and that the judgment was in fnU force and effect. Upon this affidavit property of the proscuntowr, in the hands of their bankers, s Hankey, was attached, but the attachment was afterwards removed on Its being shown that there was no judgment such as thst alleged. It trasspired in the course of the tril that the defendant had subeequently re. covered averdict agabist the prosecutors with one farthing damages; and it appeared that when the defendant made his affidavit he was acting under the advice of an attorney named Haynes, who at that time had an office In London. wall, but whose whereabouts was now unlmown. It also appeared the defendant had admitted that he had made the affidavlt, but said in excuse that he had left everything to his attorney. Mr. LANoFORD, for the defendant, contended that it was very probable the defendant did not correctly understand the effect of the judge's order; and, not having the pluck or cheek of a Home Circuit barriste, he might have been a little confused before the judge. Having thus falled when he was his own lawyer the defendant had subsequently employed Mr. Haynes, and left everything to his manage. ment. Lord CsIPBELL here Interposed, and said, he thought the defendant had aoted very imprudently; but tho jury could hardly convict him of the crime of wilful and corrupt perjury. The jury said, that was their general opinion. Lord C.PBLL said, the prosecutors hbad great reason to complain, but still there was hUrdly sufficient to conviot the defendant of so grave an offenoe. The jury accordingly found the defendant .ot Guilty. SECON:D COURT. (Before Mr. Just*ic ERre and Common Juries.) PIMEX V. COPM Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Hawkins were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Sereant Ballantine and -Mr. J. Browne apFeared for the defendant. The declaration stated that the defendant being a livery. stable keeper the plaintiff had delivered to him a horse to be kept In a certain stall, but the defendant had placed the horse in another stall which had been occupied by a horse infected with glanders, by reason of which the plaintiff's horse caught the disease, and it became necessary to destroy it. It appeared that the plaintiff is an insurance broker at Lioyd's. In June lat he purchased the horse for 401., and told the defendant, who is a livery stable keeper in the Hornmey-road, that he would plaae it with him, as he understood be had built a new stable. On the 15th of June plaintiffrode into defendant's yard and was shown a stable with three loose boxes; the further one vas occupied by a horse belonging to a Mr. Goddard, and defendant said he would place plaintif's horse in the centre box. It was agreed that the terms should be 11. ls. a-week. The plaintiff knew that Mr. Goddard's horse had been unwell, and asked defendant how it was getting on; defendant replied that it had just come back from the Veterinary College quite recovered, except a slight cough or cold. The next morning when the plaintiff went into the shble he found his horse in the box previously occupied by Goddard's, and on asking the reason the ostler told him that defendant bad desired whichever horse came in farst to be placed In the further box. Very early in Jaly Goddard's horse showed decided symptoms of glanders, and It was destroyed about the 13th. Similar symptoms made their aapearance in the plaintiff's horse, and It was shot on the 28th, a veterinary sur eon having certified that it had both glanders and farcy. lhe defendant lost several of his own horses from the disease. Mr. Goddard had purchased his horse in February, and was soon after oblged to send It to the Veterinary College, as Its mouth had got very sore. The horse was discharged cured, but again became affected with a running from the nose and was sent to the college: the veterinary surgeon at first considered It a case of glanders, but the disease was checked and the horse dis. charged a second time. The defendant -was not informed that the surgeon believed the disease to be glanders. Thep laintiff and Mr. Goddard were examined to prove these Facts. At the close of their evidence some consaultation took place between the parties, and It was agreed to withdraw a juror. Juror withdrawn. PICrKRIG V. POOLEY. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine and Mr. PoweU were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Hawkins appeared for the defendant. This was an action for false imprisonment. It appeared from the statement of counsel and the evi. dence of the plaintiff thatthe is now an artificial manure manufacturer, carrying on business at 9, Pigott-street, East India-road, Limehouse. He had some years sinco been in business in the samo locality, but in August, 1851, he was tried and convicted at the Central Criminal Court on a charge of receiving stolen goods, and sentenced to 10 years' transportation. His conduct, however, in prlson was so good that at the end of four years he received a ticket of leave. He at once returned to his former place of resi, dence, and resumed business on a very extensive scale, his transactions amounting to 15,0001. or 20,0001. a-year. He had some dealings with the defendant, who managed a similar business for a Mr. Brown, of Rotherhithe. A-fter some time there was a balance on the account of about 154 In plaintiff's favour. He could not get the money, and therefore directed his attorney to write for it. Defendant took no notice of the application, and the plaintiff being unwilling, in his peculiar position, to come before a court, allowed the matter to rest. On the 17th of August, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, he was at the Blackwall railway station in Fenchurch-street. where he went a couple of times a-week to transact busl ness, in company with a Mr. Hart ; defendant came up, and, having shaken hands with MIr. Hart, spoke to plaintiff in a friendly way, The plaintiff asked when he was to get the amount of his account, Defendant replled that the balance was 41. in his favour. The plaintiff denied this, After a word or two the defendant at once chaDged his tone and called out "for a polioeman to come and take this ticket-of-leave man into custody, who was annoying him and trying to extort money from ; that he knew nothing about th:s; that such men had no right to be a, large, and thatIt was impossible to walk the streets without being annoyed by thema.` A train had just arrived and a crowd soon collected. The stationmaster caime up. Defendaut called on him to take into custody " this ticket-ofleave-man, who had no right to be at large, and who was trying to extort money from him." The stat.onmaster said he had no power to take the man nto custody, but would send for a policeman if defendant vished. A policeman vas sent for, and defendant gave ihe plaintiff into custody for annoying and abusing him, addiDg that he never haduany transactions with the man. The plaintiff was then taken to the stationhouse, surrounded by a crowd shouting and hallooing. The defendant followed, calling out " here is Tom Pickering, the returned convict !" At the stationhouse tha defendant wated to charge the plaintiff with an assault, but failed to show that any had been committed. He then made the charge of annoyance, stating henever had had any transactions with the plaintiff, and tat he was a returned convict, who had no right to be at large. He referred to the *P^oice in. the r,oom tosupport hstatement, but they said they knew !nOtminB 01the man. Tlhese gant said he ooulid not ta}, the charge. and that defendant had better summon the plaintiff. The latter was then discharged, having been de. tained altogether about 20 minutes. The defendant took out a summons at the Alansion-house, but on the hearing It was dismissed by the magistrate. On cross-examlnation the plaintiff said,-I did not say he was a - thief. I heard him say he was not to be annoyed by my demanding money that was not due. The station. master did not tell me I should desist. I had not seen Mr. Pooley for about two months before. I had declined to do any more business with him until the account was settled. Mr. Elart and the policeman who took the plaintiff into custody were examined. They confirmed his account of what had taken place, and stated that he was perfectIy quiet during the whole transaction, and did nothing to exasperate the defendant. Mr. E. J,ASEs, for the defendant, said he would be the very last person to suggest that a man in the position of the plaintg, if he conducted himself properly, should not be treated with respect and consideration. He would caU Mr. Pooley, who would state exactly what had occurred. The defendant, Mr. Pooley, was then called.-I have had dealings with the plaintiff. I acted only as agent for Mr. Brown. The balance was against Pickering, but nevertheless he was constantly annoying me for money. When I met him at the railway station be asked me when I vas going to pay him. I told him I owed him no money, that his dealigs were with Brown. He eaid that I ovwed many thousauds. I turned round and asked whether I could not be protected from the annoyance of this man. The stationmaster said he oould only send for a poioeman, and a constable came, and we all went to the itatlonhoube together, He called me a - thief. Cross-examined.-I did use the expreason that he was a returned convict and a ticket-of-leave man, and that such mnen ought not to be at large. I was not out of temper. I spoke loud enough for people to hear me. Mr. Justic ERL1; In summing up, said there wore now in the countr a lar6e amber of ersons ofthe clas3 to which the lainiff eloned. any f t em ee never heard of after their dscharge, butatsit thhappen tchat hsome of thm fell gai Into crime and appeard before the Courta
ern.TrRT T - T. . -^ 21,THICI V. TIHE LONDON AND xOR!a.-ivESTEN PA.TT-.Vu - - - (Sitings at Nisi prius, at Gui-dhaU, beforc Mr. Justcc CRESSWELL and a SRnmci .7,,-, I rr. Prentice and. Mr. Pearce were-for the plaintiff; and Mr. Mellor, Q.C., and Mr. Dowdeswell for the defendants. This was an action brought by the plaintiff to recover daae rm the defendants for injury to and loss of goods delivered to them to be carried from London to Liverpool. These goods consisted of furniture, bedding, a watcb, and some spoons, and having been conveyed to their destination were there warehoused (not having been called for according to the direction placed or. them) in the company's premises. where they remained for nearly a year, when by the wish of an agent of Mrs. Pethick they were reloaded and brought back to London. On their arrival at the latter place they were put upon a van and delivered to the plaintiff, but, as she averred, in a damaged condition; besides which, she said that several packages which had been consigned to the defendants originally were not forthcoming, and that from a certain chest of drawers many articles were missing. The defendants by means of numerous witnesses traced the goods during their transit down and up, and proved that all that they had received they had safely returned. In summing up to the jury Mr Justice CRESSWELL commented upon many suspicious circumstances in the plaintiff's case, and especially upon the alleged fact that in the list of articles produced by Mrs. Pethick a larger number of packages were included than had actuaUy been originally delivered, ard also that the 6gure 7 in one of such lists had been altered to the figure 9; and having explained to them the law of the case left it to them to say whether the claim 'was or was nob made out. The jury without a minute's consideration retorned a verdict for the defendants; and the learned Judge certified The remainder of the day was occupled with common JUry causes. MARTrN V. AITREr. Mr. S. Temple, Q.C., and bfr. Day appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Joyce for the defendant. This was an interpleader Issue to try the plaintiff's right to two hogaheads of sherry in the London Docks. The plaintiff deduced his title fromn the consignees through several purchasers by the endorsement and delivery of orders, but the dock warrants cn being produced showed that the wine was held by the dock company hn the name of D'Arcey, who appeared on the warrants to have endorsed to laintiff's immediate vendor, a person of the name of v'Grady. This person was not to be found, and Mr. JoYcE, on the part of the defendant, urged that the signature of D'Arcey on the warrants was not in the handwriting of D'Arcey. The learned JUDGE, however, held that the property upon the evidence was in O'Grady, of whom the plaintiff had purchased, and thereupon a verdict was found for the plaintiff. VESSRY V. STEVENS. Mr. Keane and Mr. Joyce appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Parry and Mr. Brown for the defendant. This was an action brought to recover 101t. bs., principal and interest upon a biU for 1001, accepted by the defendant. The defence was that the bilM had been accepted in blank for the accommodation of a person named Grilriths, and that an attorney named Dean, who had absconded in consequence of some serlous defalcation, had fraudulently passed it to the drawer, a Mr. Flowers, without consideration. For the plaintiffs it was proved that the present acceptance was a renewal; that, in fact, there had been a serles of renewals since 1854, when the first bill was discounted, and the check for 921. 5s. then given was traced to the defend. ant's account at the Royal British Bank. An attempt was made to rebut this case; but after the cause had occupied the Court for some time a verdict was found for the plaintiff for the amount claimed. Mr. J ustice CRESS WELL announced that he would hold a second court for the despatch of such cases as the Lord Chief Justce should send over to him on Monday.
COURT OF P.YrflrflThvt . _- - 1R.ARPV l' -- -. .t (Sittings at NfiW Prius, at /auildhail, before the CImnu BARON and a Comm,. 7,,,-, i Mr. Locke and Mr. Blackbam were counsel for tho plain. tlff; Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Tindal Atkinson appeared for the defendant. This was an action to reeover compensation for damago i oceasioned to a barge of the plaintiff by tho aUleged negligence of the defendant in navigating another barge on the river Thames, near Blaekfriars-bridge. The plaintiff's barge was in advance of that of the defendant, and In passing through tbe bridge struck against the pier. This brought the plaintiff s barge round, and the defendant's barge struck her. The question was whether the collision was attribatable to the negligence of the plaintiff's men in originaUy striking tho buttress of the pier, or to any negligence on the part of the defendant's servants, who protested that they could not help it. The cause occupied a great part of Friday and Saturday, and eventually terminated in a verdict for the defendant. (Before a Special Jury.) FOSTElt V. COLBY. Mr. Bovil and Mr. Archibald were counsel for the plain. tiff; Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. M. Smith, and Mr. Tonlinson were counsel for the defendant. This was an inter eader issue framed to try the rlght to a sam of 1,0001. The points in dispute were of a techuical character and depended upon the construction to ho put upon t,h dealings of the parties in Calcutta, which were Chiefly develo,ned in depositions taken in India. Ultimately it was &greed that a verdict should be takon for the plaintiff, as representng the London Joint-Stock Bankc, subject to a special case.
ADMIRALTY COURT. Dc-. 1i TTreH Rr^RPlrr _ -a I It.. (Before Dr. LUSHimCTON A This was a damage suit promoted by the owner and naster of the Hanoverian galliot Meta Hermina, 72 tons, against the ship aerefordehire, 1,354 tons. The gaDiot was on her way from Madeira to Hamburg, with a cargo of wine at the time of the colDision, which occurred about a quarter before 12 on the night of the 5th of May, 1850, between Start Point and Portland, In the English ChanneL She was struck on the starboard side, between the masts and capsized; the master and two of the crew got on board the Herefordshire, but the mate and a passenger were lost. The blame of the collision was imputed by the galliot to the want of a good look out on board the eHerefordahire, to her carry. ing too great a press of canvass on a dark night in a locaUtt where she was likely to meet with other vessels, and to her delay in porting, or to her omission to starboard her helm. The Herefordshire was conaveying between 400 and 500 troops from Woolwich to Gibraltar at the time of the accident, which she attributed to the neglect of the galliot to exihbit a proper light in due time, and to the helm of the galliot having been starboarded, instead of ported. She alleged that she put her helm hard to port directly the garnetVs light was exhibited, and she denied that she was garrying too great a press of canvass, The A dmiraltY Advocate and Dr. Deane were counsel for the galliot; Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss for the Hereford. The TniRr MAsTERS were of oninion that the gallot was to blame for having starboarded her helm, and that blame also attached to the Herefordshire for having saUed at such a rate (about 10 knots an hour) down the Channel upon the night irn question.
BANRBUPTOY COUBT, Bainzgha-street, DDc. 19. NR JRE IS MRT.RPMV.An 'ATh--. - C1 .II (Before Mfr. Cam.m.iq.c;An 1.tv I The bankrupts (who originalIy presented a petition for privato arrangement) weoe ironfounders and contractors, of 8, Hatton-garden. Their accounts extend from January 8, 1854, to September 12, 1857, and contain the foUowing items :-Dr.-Unsecured creditors, 24,4131. creditors partiaUy secured, 5,1501.; liabilitles, 2,2221. Cr.-Good debtors and cash, 2,2701.; losses, 17,3751.; trade expenses, 7,1501. ; discount and interest, 4, 7341. ; drawings by Melrose, 1,5201. ; by Hussey, 2,6041. The surplus of the firm on the 1st of January, 1854, was 0471. The unsecured creditors inclade the Dudley and Westbromwich Bauking Company, 3,2971., as the holders of various acceptances by Douglas, R.J.Browne and Co., and others, of the draughts of the bankrupts; Great Western Rail way Company, 981.; Grand Junction Canal Company, 1011.; London and North-Western Railway Company, 461.; National Bank of Scotland 2,297t., as holders of Robert Douglas's draughts on bankrupts: National Discount Company, 2561., as the holders of bankrupts' draught upon Mr. walenns; Northumberland and Durham Banking Com. p3ny, 1,5571., as holders of R. J. Browne and Co.'s draughts on bankrupts; Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company, 301. ; Messrs. Prescott, Grote, and Co., Threadneedle-street, 1,98ff., as holders of the bankrupts' draughts on various parties; South-Western Railway Company, 321. (the railway companies are mostly creditors for the carriage of goods); Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Co., as the holders of the bankrupts' draughts on WaUenns and Douglas. The creditors partially secured Inelude the Unity Joint-Stock Banking Company, 6,9281., as the holders of the bankrupts' draughts on W. R. Wallenns, Browne, R. Douglas, and others, the security being valued at 2,202i The secured creditors were Messrs. Henry Hoffmann and Co. for cash advances, 14,400t., and the securities have realized 12,0061. The bankrupts' losses Include 6,4371. on bills of exchange, the acceptors being insolvent, viz. :-R. Douglas, 2,1551.; E. J. Browne and Co., 1,5571.; John arans, 6411.; S wayne and Bovilles, 8581.; Cheape and Leslie, 2,1081, This was an examination meetitng The Co issaomss reterred to he unsecured debta of the bankrnpts being 24,0001., excludve of other liabUlties, and the assets being only 2.2001., and Inquired how it was that oUar creditorx had bieel allowed to obtala poesedon of 12. O01 worth of tho bankrupts' property,-nearly all that thieypossessed ? hMr. Cannas (the official ass gnee).-Itrwould appear that they were favourites. A Voice.-There were 30 writs out at the time against the r. Cannan-.These creditors fiud the law is against The Co0ssnssIh- .owU- can a court of justice grant protection to men who thus permit their property to be dispoeed of- iving one house 19s. in the pound, and all the other creditors less than a shilling in the pound? A proof for 1,8631. vwas tendered against the joint estate on behalf of the Commercial Bank of Scotland on bills drawn by Robert Douglas on James Dfelrose. The Cosmassrox= said the bills wero aecepted by James Melrose alone. How could he admit them to be proved againt the jointestate of Melrose and Hussey ? It was ued that the joint estate had had the benefit of the proceees represented by the bills, and that the proof migh be adDitted on the ground of equity Wihe Co ;SSrON-mR.--I know Chancery iaw and common law, but equity is a sort of loose stuff that nobody under. Evidence having been given that Melrose had been for five years in the habit of thus accepting bills, Douglas preferring for some private reason of his own to draw upon James Melrose alone, although the goods which they repreEented passed to the firm, The CosrssSio,NmR thought the proof might be admitted. Mr. TAYLOE, for the assignees, urged that whatever equitable right Mr. Robert Douglas might have to prove against thejoint estate, the Commercial Bank of Scotland had clearly none. The bank could not maintain an action on the bill against the firm. The Co3oinssiozn thought otherwise. Proof admitted. The bankrupts were then allowed to pass their examination, and received enlarged protection to the certificate meeting, IN RE RAIL AND HALL,. The bankrupts were solidtors and cattle dealers, of Bosaell-court and Neasdon. This was an adjourned examination meeting. Mr. RIviNGTOx, for a creditor whose proof was increased from 52,0001. to 69,0001., said that no benefit could arise from any farther adjournment. The accounts were still most imperfect and unsatisfactory, and but for the diligence and intelligence of Messrs Young and Young no accounts at all could have been obtained. Thero was no objection to the charges thus incurred, and the bankrupts might pass, with the understanding that they would be opposed at the certificate meeting. Passed accordingly. IN RE CHARLES DORRITT, The bankrupt holds the situation of bailiff of the County Court, Rochester, and assistant overseer of several ad' . lIg parishes. His debts are 1,2001.; assets about 300l. Ols was the certificate meeting. Mr. LUCAS opposed. The bankLupt, he alleged, had fraudulently traded in the name of Mr. French, his father. in-law, as the prorietor of Will's Coffeehouse, Serle-street, Lincoln's-inn-nels, and vexatiously defendedactions. In reply to a question, Mr. BAGLEY, for the bankrupt, said the coffee-houso was the celebrated one frequented by Sir Roger de Coverley. The CommissioNsR.-Then, although Sir Roger was au imaginary personage, the coffee-house which he frequented was not Imaginary. (A laugh.) After a protraoted nouiry, His HONOUR thought the allegations against the bankrupt had not been sustained, and granted a certificate (third class). A case occurred during the day in which a charge of 861was made for preparing a bankrupt's accounts. The learned CommIISSIONRE took occasion to say that he would not allow any accountant to practise In his court who did not consent to abide by his allowanre out of the estate for his charges. It had been urged that some bankrupts were, after passing through this court, in a better positlon than others who had never been bankrupt. Ee could uot think so, or that this furnished a ground for leaving a load round the neck of a man whom the law bad already stripped to the skin. There might be something in the remark that a man who bad been a bankrupt knew better than others how to cheat creditors, but creditors possessed the power to protect themselves. A man could not be a bankrupt without the public knowing it. IN RE THE ROYAL SURREY GARDENS. This was the adjourned hearing of the petition under the the Joint-Stock Companies Act, 1856 and 1857, for a winding-up order against the company. Mr. JONES, for the directors, asked for a further adjournment. He stated that the committee of shareholders had, to a g-reat extent, settled their difficultes, and offers of 10s. In the ,ponnd had been made to the simple contract creditors ; i6s. in the pound being paid by the shareholders, and 5s. by claimls ton thebgardens. That the creditors would assent he Mr. FLEMING, in consenting to an adjournment, said the the accounts of the company had been carefully examined, and it was but justice to state that no reason whatever was found for charging the directors with havlng appropriated a single sixpence to their own use. That there had been mlismanagement was clear, The COmmissiONRB. -Bad management, Mr. FLEMING.-Yes bad management. Mr. CEISTER, for the parish of Nowington, complained ofd elay. A sum of 200G. or 3001. was stiU unpaid for rates, His HOtNouIt could not make a distinction, and an adjournment was ordered. IN RE EALLE. The bankrnpt is described as a commission merchant of Salisbury-street, Srrand. His debts are inconsiderable, but there are liabilitfes to the amount of 2906,1921. on account of the Hull Flax and Cotton MiU Company. The bankrupt was a shareholder in the company, and calls upon shares are stated to have led to the bankruptoy. (Before Mr. ClomminsEon rHOLYD.) RE JONATIAIN AND ROBERT EILLS.-THE GRAVESEND AN)D DARTFORD BHANK. An adjudication of bankruptcy was made against Messrs, Hills. The petitioning creditor is Mr. Smith, auctioneer, of Harmer-street, Gravesend. The matter Is balloted to the Court of Mr. Commissioner FONBLANQUE.
LESOLVENT DEBTOBS' COUBT, Dec. 19. TN R'.P TA- n-v-- (Before Alr. Commisgion, PrTMT TQ I W.This insolvent, a newsvender in Bouverie-street, Padding. ton, petitioned for protection as a trader owing les than 3001. hMr. Reed appeared to oppose for Messrs. Smith and Son, news agents; Mr. Sargood was instructed to support the insolvent, but his ciient did not appear. Mr. REED said the reason for the insolvent's absence was obvious. His debts exceeded 3001., and he ought never to have had the protection of this Court, as he was a trader. Messrs. Smith's debt was stated at 841., but there was in addition a blll of 251., which was not mentioned, and which being added to the debts In the sohedule, at once raised the aggregate amount beyond 3001. Mr. Tucker claimed to be a creditor for 1501., but was not Inserted in the schedule. Another gentleman complained that he was a creditor fsr 101., but had not been served with notice. Mr. Bosh, who described himself as " occasional" clerk to Mr. Olive, who appeared upon the proceedings as the insolvent's attorney, was called and questloned by the Court as to the cause of his client's absence. The insolvent, he said, had been there, but finding that his debts exceeded 3001., and that his petition could not be sustained, he had gone away. In answer to questions from the Court, Mr. Bush said he had introdueed the insolvent to Mr. Olive, to whom he paid 11. on witnessing the petition. His own charge for the whole business was 8 guineas. He was an accountant and agent, aud he believed that agents were auowed to conduct business in this court. Mr. Commissioner PIUrLiPs told him he was very much in error. The system of buying an attorney's name as a cloak for the practices of all sorts of unlicensc i persons was becoming intolerable, and must be stopped. He regretted to find that Mr. Olive was the attorney mnxed up in this case, as after such an exposure of his system of doing business he (the learned Commissioner) could no longer inter. pose to prevent the application of the severe penalty recommended by the head of the Court in consequence of tr. Olive's conduct in another case recently heard. With respect to the insolvent Gregory there could beno doubt he had most improperly obtained the protection of the Court upon a false schedule, and If the creditors chose to indict him for perjury they would be doing a public service. The practice of filing peitions with no intention of proceeding with them, but solely for the purpose of procuring the four or five weeks' protection which was granted before the hearing, was becoming a flagrant evil, and he thought the only mode of checkin- it would be by making an in. solvent's absence on the aay of hearing punishable as a misdemeanour, unless he could allege good cause for his non-appearance. The case was then struck out. IN RE NV. J. VILUIAMIS. This insolvent, the parish clerk of St. Nicholas Olave, city, was opposed by Mr. Sargood. He had taken a house In March, 1856, at 601. a-year. He never paid any rent and when an action was brought he defended it, and pnt the plaintiff to upwards of 401. eosts. He retained posses. don of the house until within & fortnight, when upon ap. plying to be released upon baU he was informed by the Court that he must give up the house before obtaining his liberty. The COURmT now pronounced a remand of three months from the date of the vesting order.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TImES. Sir,-In your impression of Wednesday last the name of the Rev. Samuel Green occurs among the shareholder of the UnadulteratedFood Company. AsI am one of perhaps several persons bearing that appellation, a question has been addressed to me in the matter. Will you kindly permit me to intimate in your next uumber that I am not the shareholder intended? Yours resnectfullv. RAUTTLIT Hammersmitb, and 22, Now Bridgc.street, Blakfriars, Dec. 19.
REFORMATORY HULK.-The Government have sanctioned the establishment of a hulk on the Humber (at the ixstance of the corporatioen of Kingston-on-HuU), for the reformation of juvenile offenders under the late Act.- Hull.Packet.. (Advertisement.3-" The Lady of Glynne," by the Zuthor of :Magaret and her Bridesmaids," is now ready at all the libraries. " Thoee who bave reAd I)Nargaret and her BrIdesmaids' will be preegrsd for the enjoyment that awaits them in another work by the sameo d.'Te LWipof Glynne? lra choarming story-net only clever, but tocd'-trsay Gazette. " The resl a great deal that la beth exoel. entabdchamtg In this book.'-AthenmuM. "In 'The Lady of Glynne' the author seems to have Dzet forth alU her powers, and han zoccede In he onstacton c a erie 0!advntures, told with all. the rIliany o~a Orre Bel. 'he adyof Glynne' is anovel
WINTER ASSIZES. NORTHERN CIRCUIT. DURHAbL D-n. 1S (Before Mr. Juslice ComrvToN.) Thomas Osborn, 21, bricklayer, was charged with having, on the 14th of May last, committed a rape upon Ann Gib. son at Sedgefield, and John Jameson was charged with aiding and abetting in the same offence. Mr. Price and Mr. Fowler prosecuted; Mr. Davison defended Osborn, and hIr. Campbell Foaster, Jameson. Mr. PeCE said, the prosecutrix in this case was, at the time the offence was committed, on a visit to her aunt at Sedgefield. On the 13th of May she left the service of a | person with whom she had been lving at Darlington, and bfore entering upon the service of another per-on by whom she had been engaged she intended spending a day or two with her aunt. On the 14th she left Sedgefield to go to iwlek for the purpose of seeiz,g her brother who was in rservice there. She had to go across a number of fields through which there Is a public footpath, and when she had got about two niles from Sedgefield she met the prisoner vsborn. She did not know him before, and he asked her the distance to Sedgefield. She told him, and they then proceeded on in opposite directions. About a mile further on she met the other prisoner, Jameson, who asked her if she had met a man dressed in white clothes on the road. She told him she had, and he then passed on. On arriving at Etwick the prosecutrix went to see her brother, who gave her a halfcrown piece and a sixpence. She after. wards went to the house of a person named Furby, where she hai dinner, and left there between 5 and 6 o'clook in the evening. In the meantime the prisoners at the bar had been at Furby's house, and made Inquiries about a young woman In black clothes. The prosecutrix was dressed In black on that day. A young man at Furby's house told the prisoner Oshorn that her name was Gibson, and that she had gone to Biwick to see her brother. Osborn said he had a sliht acquaintance with the young woman. The prose. cutnix proceeded a little distance on the road home, when she met both the prisoners at the bar. Osborn said, " Well, Miss Gibson, you have not been long seeing your brother." Having no acquaintance with the men prosecutrix said nothing In zeply, but walked on. She proceeded on about the distance of two fields, when on turning round she saw the two men coming after her. She set off and ran away, pursued by the prisoners, who overtook her at a stHle about 140 yards from the nearest house. Osborn then seized her and threw her down. The other prisoner also got hold of her, and held her until Osborn took the halferown and sixpence from her pocket. Osborn, on obtaining the money, said, "- She's only got 3s." After that Osborn proceeded to violate her merson, the other prisoner holding her down, and placing his hand over her mouth while his companion effected his purpose. Osborn afterwvards struck the prosecutrix a severe blow on the mouth, for shouting out "lMurder." from the effects of which the blood flowed freely. Osborn then said, " I shall see you again, and I'll give you back your hlfcrown." The prisoners then left her. The prose. outrix then returned to Furby's, but finding a strange woman in the house she made no complaint of the outrage which bad been committed upon her person, but she stated to them that she had been assaulted and robbed. She then went to Sedgefield, where she saw a woman named Jane Ross, to whom she made a complaint of what had taken place. In consequence of that complaint, information was given to the police, who took the prosecutrlx to Mr. Ruddock's surEery. Mr. Ruddock was not at home at the time. The girl, owever, was examined by Jane Ross, whs found marks of violence upon her person, and observed that her bonnet was almost torn to pieces. At 11 o'clock the same night pro secutrix was seen by 3Mr. Ruddock, and she then exhited traces of recent violation, but no other marks of violence on her person. On the evening of the 23d of August the pro. secutrix was in the streets at Middlesbro' when some person tapped her on the shoulder, and, showing her a half. crown, said, "Do you remember that ?" Prosecutrix observed that it was the prisoner Osbort, and she replied "Yes, and rIllmakeyourememberit too." Shethen went into the house of her uncle, who lived near, and gave informa. tion which led to the prlsoner being taken into custody. On the way to Durham gaol they passed a man who was workng at a building, when the prisoner said, "Do yon remember that Wednesday ? rm taken up on account of that job." This observation led to the apprehension of the prisoner Jamneson. The prosecutrix, Mr. Farby, Mr. Ross, and Mr. Ruddoclr, the surgeon, were examined, and deposed to the facts as narrated in counsel's opening, but thc girl, on oross-examina. tion, gave a rather confused statement of the locality in which the offence was committed, and admitted that she did not struggle very violently. When apprehended Osborn said he did not know the girl, and denied his namne, but on his road from the Stockton police station to the railway station he observed to Jameson, who was working in a cellar at the end of John-street, "This is for that job; you'll recollect !" He then asked the policeman, "If you knew the other man, would you take him ?' and the oflicer said he would, and Osborn said, " Yon's the man I speoke to." The policeman having deposited his charge at the railway station, returned to the cellar and apprehended Jameson, who said, without being charged with the crime, "I did not do the offence; and- subsequently, "I was half a field off when the offenco was committed. I told him the consequences. I said, 'Tom, you know the consequences, and must be a scoundrel ; but when he ran I ran.'I Mr. DAVISON, in addressing the jury on behalf of Osborn, urged the jury to exercise extreme caution in deciding upon a case which, in the magnitude of the offence laid in the indictment, ranked next to murder, and one whicb, of all cases, was generally the most difficult to rebut. With. out casting aspersions upon the character of the prosecutrix, he pointed out the fact that she had left her father's roof since,her mother's death, and had resided as barmaid in dif. ferent pubUchouses, where, as she herself admitted, she frequently came in contact with rough oharacters. There were also the facts that although she passed an inhabited house when in fear that these men intended il she asked for no shelter and raised no alarm; that when upon the ground she made no violent effort to resist the violation; and on arrving at Furby's house complained of having been robbed only. He contended that there was a lack of cor. roborative evidence of the rape in the shape of bodily injury inflicted upon the girl; and that her conduct when accosted af terwards at Middlesborough was that of a consent. ing party. It was the most improbable case of rape that he ever heard of, or read of, or imagined; and he implored the jury nlot to consign his client to certain ruin upon such evidence. Mr. CAM?DRL FOSTER, on bebalf of Jameson,contended hat the Identity of his client was not satisfactorily esta blished, or, if the jury should think be was identified, that the offence was committed with the girl's full consent. The girl had admitted that she never sawJameson before theday when the offence was committed, and that she told the police that he had "ginger" hair-whereas the fact was the pr:soner's hair was of a dark brown colour-and yet she under. took four months afterwards, having never seen him In the meantime, to swear that he was the man. Having alluded to the diiscrepancies in the prosecutrix's evidence as to the locality, the learned counsel directed the attention of the jury to the appearance of the girl-a strong, healthy, vigorous, serving woman, strong and almost as swift of foot as a man-and asserted that if she had cared to run away she might have escaped to a house hard by, screamng as sho went, and he denied that if she had not willingly yielded to Osborn Jameson could ever have held her u the ound, as described, with both her hands in one of his, while with his other hand he covered her mouth to prevent her crying out. There were no traces of any struggle on the grass where they had been, and, although close to the footnath which was of brown clay soil, there ws not a mark or rumple on her dress when at Furby's to excite any observation. From the position in which the prosecutrix stated Jameson held her the learned counsel contended it was impossible for the prisoner Osborn to have committed the offence attributed to him, and asked the jury to infer that if Jameson was, in their opinion, the man with Osborn at the time, he was, as he said, at a short distance, and that the prosecutrix was a consenting party to what took place between her and Osborn, but had afterwards for some reasonturned roundcupon the men and charged Jameson with aiding Osborn to overpower her in order to account for the apparent slight resistance she made, and for the absence or all outcries on her part. His LORDsrP summed up at considerable length and with much care. The offence, he said, if established against the men was of the gravest enormity. It was necessary that the female part of the community should be protected from such outrages. It was, however, for the jury to say whether they were satisfied as to the identity of Jameson being established, and then whether they were of opinion on tho evidence, testing it by the attendant circumstances, that the prosecutrix had been violated against her will, or whether she was a consenting party. If they were of the former opinion both prisoners were equally ilty; if of the latter, the whole charge fell to the ground. the consider. ation of this question the facts and circumstances urged by the learned counsel respectively deserved their serious con. sideratlon. His Lordship then read over the evidence. The jury after a short consideration, found both prisonzre Osborn (t,pping Jamneson on the shoulder) said,-If my Lord Judge convicts this man he convicts an inocent Man. His Loxnsirn sentenced the prizoners each to 20 years' penal servitude. This ease occupied nearly all day. SATURDAY, DEc. 19. James Megee, aged 50, a pitman, was charged with the wilful murder of Dorothy Megee, his -wife at Plawsworth, near Durham, on the 9th of August last Mr. Davison and MIr. Fowler prosecuted, and the Hon. Adolphus Liddeil defended the prisoner. It appeared from the opening speech of the learned counsel for the prosecution and from the evidence of the various witnesses calied thab the prisoner was a pitman, living with his wife, a son, and two daughters, at a place calle Waldridge Fel. On the 9th of August last the prisoner andhis wif came to Durham together, and after spending the day in Durham they went to a publichouse about 11 o'clock at night, at Plawsworth, F which was on their way home. They were both at that time the worse for liquor. At this publichouso both the prisoner and his wife were served with some whiskey, and the deceased became dead drunk and perfectly hepless. In this condition she was leaning sleeping with her head on the shoulder of her husband as he was seated on a form in the p ublichonse kitchen at 10 minutes past 12, when the landlord, Mr. Weatherburn, was clearing his house. The prisoner got up to go away, but the deceased was then found to be so intoxicated that she could not walk, and a pitman there offered to assist the prisoner to get her home, but he refused any assistance, said she was his wife, and he considered himself qualified to take her home. Not being able to do anything with the woman, the landlord suggested that she had better be allowed to stop there, as the prisoner would have to carry her if he took her out of the house; and placed her on a seat in the kitchen. The Drisoner, however, said he must go, and the landlord had no right to interfere. They were left In the kitchen till 1 o'clock in the morning, when on Mrs. Weatherburn going in she found the deceased sitting on the floor, and the prisoner on lis kneesnearher. Theprisonerthensaidlhemustgo, and endeavoured to lift the woman up, ana he then dragged her along the passage of the houoe, and at the door, when she .coulM not stnd, he dlsiled krhead adng «e fi rIL-, % Weatherbhr agan wanted him to leave hig wife and let her have a sleep, and the deceased said, "Aye, 10 minutes." The prisoner, however, said if she was out of the door she would be able to go, and he dragged her out, and lrs. Weatberbuno shut the dloor. AbouLt half an hour after. wards Mrs.Weatherburn went upesairs and looked out of the window, hearing a cry, and then saw the deceased lying on the aound about three yards from the door, and the prisoner kicking her on the side to make her get u the deceased tellin him to give over. Mrs. Weatherturhn then went to tell her husband, and he got out of bed and looked out of the window and saw the pcrsoner lifting hiswife along the roady th shoulesh aboutten yards erom his hou,near hia stRbles, whenr the prisoner left her ahd he saw e himomibover a gwote. Nothing more was een aof them.,t a o'lok wthat ornoing the prsoner arrived atomhisthone honea2 ve wdet with rain, hs clothes all dirty asifhehadb eendown the roadntherbuand maxn of blood on hisshit fon an truses'knees, which were cut and wet, wandalsohisdres funder them. He took off his clot; ahd prainonnhisworkig tclothes without going to bed, and toldhis daughtr whiabth 3eoto go and see for her mother, as was lying aseep onr the road, and he did not care f he never saw her again. The prisoner then Was rather "adrunky,a l and went to his work at thittleqo to 5 a.dne The daupghters and son thew l set ouTheo lorfor their mother, whom they found about a mwo Off, lling at the side of the road, her bonnet near her, and without cap, her face cut and bleeding and wounds on her head. She moaned when spoken to, and they carried her charey home, where she dlied at 8 o'clock that morning. Qnben examined by a suirgeon sjhe Wms found to have threeatsu about the eyebrows and temple, which might ha]e been Produoed by the iron-shod too of the shoes the prisoner wore her scalp was toed from the back of the heads fromra a readth of 3 inches to a breadth of sx Inches over the head to the forehead, and some hair was tor from the side of her head. The swag also had several wounds uponh it, and was maLch bruise On searching the roads some woman's hair of the same colour as the deceased's was found in two places on the road, and trace of blood. On the part of the prosecution it was sugrgesed that the prisoner had dragged his wife along by the hair of her head until he had ton her scalp in the manner In which it was found. The cause of death was attributed to the injuries to the head, to nervous shock, and to congestion of the brain. On crossyexaminaiion it was elicited that the prisoner and hIs wife lived comfortably together; that both sometimes got drunk; that she was a careful industhrious wife, and attended roperly to his household. Near where sewas lynu 9. eathLerbhm's door was a scrpr rp ible veIcuted In on the head if shehad Walens onet, and she was found lying three or four yards froma on heap at the side of the road, and there were stones about the roA betweent Weatherburens and where she was found. Drunkenness itself might produce congeston of the brain, and a shock to the nervous system would be more likely to occur while a person was intoxieated. The prisoner's dluty was to keep the ventilating fire of the pit, and It was necessary for him to be at his work at 5a.m. Mr,y LiDDELL, in ana able defence, oorntended that therewas not a tittle of evidence to aupport the charge of wilful murder. There was no malice or aiything like it. The prisoner, himself Intoxicated and obliged to be at his work at 5 in the morning, bad done his best to get his wife home, who was helplessy drunk. They had b3een lyingabout the read and tumnbling about In the dark and rain. ~In half an hour after he left Mir. 'Weatherburn's public-house he had not been able to get his wife three yards fromx the house, for there she bad falen, and hae could not raise her; and as to the charge of manslaughter, that the dleceasedl had died fromn wounds on the head which the prisoner had inflictedl, he guggested tlat these wounds had occurred from repeated falle, and that the tearingof the scalp had happened from his lifting her up when she fell, and naot from any violence In dra,Vig her by her hair as suggested by the prosecution. His RLonsmp then prooeeded to sum up the evidence, commenting on It as he read it at considerable length. The jury retired for a short time, and returned withi a verdict of Guilty of manslaughter. HIs Lonsir sentenced the prisoner to penal servitude for 20 yas In thecorse of the trial his Lordship strongly condemnned the practice of taking no depositions in a case where the coroner had issued his warrant f or the apprehension of the prisoner. In the present case long rambling statements on an Inquiry before the coroner, much of which was not evidence, were all that were before him. They were of little assistance to the judge who had to direct the grand jury, and it was an injustce to the prisoner, who was entitled by law to know the legal evidence of the charge to be brought against him. Here statements and suggestions got up by the police were the principal part of the charges. A policeman was bound -ver to prosecute, and there was no responsible prosecutor. In the cas of the death of a vitness none of his evidence could go before the grand ju:ry, or be given in evidence at the trial, which would not bethe ease if proper depositions had been taken before k magistrate. It was most unfortunate if an3y obstacle were thrown in the way of a heaing before a magistrate where there had been an Inquiry before the coroner. There yet remain two or three cases to try, and his Lordship has announced his Intention of sitting late In order to finish them to-night, if possible.
WRRTR1RN rnRtTTr 'PATTNTPA-,T nu- 1l Mr. Justice Willes opened the co;nmission for the county of Somerset yesterday afternoon, and afterwards went to church. The calendar, although small in point of numbers, Is heavy as regards the offences, there being for arson 1, assault and ro bery 1, bestiality 2, blgamay 1, carnally abusing an infant 1, concealment of birth 1, malidously wounding 1, manslaughter 4, murder 3, to Five evidence 1, mnaldng in all 16 prisoners. at 10 o'clock this morning Mr. Justice Willes took his ,oat and the grand jury were sworn. His LonxDsmp, in charging the grand jury, observed that the calendar which would be placed before them was remarkable, for, while it waq free almost altogether from ordinary offences against property, it contained many extraordinary cases of violence, and one or two which, although not against property, were amongst those of a rare descri tion. He ould hope it was acalendar of an exceptionable kind; if not he had no reason to congratulate them on the stateof the inhabitants of the county, but he understood thot this was one of those inexplicable outbursts of crime for which no one oould account.
JMIDDLE,SEX SESSIONS, SWurday, Dcc. 19. (Before Afr. PASUF, Q.C., Assistant-Judgc.) Mary Williams, a masculine-looking young woman, was indicted for stealing two 51.-notes, the property of James MwShlmming. * The prosecutor is a sailor, and on the night of the 25th of November he was at the Town of Leith publichouse, Lower East Smithfield, when he had his pocket picked of a purse in whlch there were two 51.-notes. Theprisoner, whom he knew, was there with other women, and sho changed the notes at a linendraper's shop, and they were traced to the Bank by their numbers. When the prisoner was apprehended she had been at a masquerade entertain ment, and was wearing the " kilt" inreal Hghland fashion, plumed cap, and all the appropriate accompaniments. In this garb she was sent to the House of Detentiou, and she remained so attired until her friends sent in her ordinary clothes. The kilt &c., were produced in court, and after the case was over handed to one of her friends as worthless trumpery. She was fonud Guilty, and sentenced to six months' hard labour. The COuRT ordered the articles the prisoner had purchased at the draper's with the notes, to be given up to the proseoutor. Cornelius Collins, 22, and Catherine Clifford, 30, were indicted for stealing a watch, value 5l., a coat, and 18s. in money, from the person of Ludovik Schumckle. The prose. cutor, a German tailor, was taken to a brothel by a woman he met in Whitechapel, and while there he was forcibly robbed of the articles and money mentioned by the two pn sonerp-the woman he went to the house with and a man who had not been taken. He was dragged down stairs with great violence and turned Into the street. The jury found the prisoners Guilty. They were both known as offenders, and this being a very aggravated case, Mr. PAsmE, Q.C., the Assistant-Judge, sentenced Colns to sfx, and Clifford to four years' penal servitude. Ellen M'flllgett; 21, was indicted for stealing four banknotes-three for 101. each, and one for 51.-the property of James Harding, her master. The prisoner, who had been an inmate of the Dalston Refuge for FaUen Females, got into the serviee of the prosecutor, who lives in Queen-street, Stepney, undor the false name of "Ellen Waz welL" Mrs. Herding, her mistress, received a registeree6 letter containing 3Sl. in notes, which she left in a drawer. They were purloined by the prisoner, who decamped, and it apared that she had got them chanlged, and spent part of the money in purchasing finery. If he jury found the prisoner GuItty, and The AssISTM>T-JtnGE sentenced her to four years' penal servtude
SALE OF AGRiICuLTuP.AL STOCK.-The late Earl Fitzwiliam bred and fed a large quantity of agricultural atock at the home farm at Wentworth Woodhouse, near Rotherham, and for some years a sale of the produce took lace annuaUy on the premises just mentioned. Owing1 Vtowever, to the prevalence of disease r..nong his Lordship's cattle, no sale has taken place for the last two years, but the present earl being about to reside on his Irish estates, the stock at Wentworth was disposed of by auction by Mr. R. Tilburn, of Doncaster, on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last. There was a large attendance, including the principal farmers and dealers from the neighbourhood of Sheffiezl, Barnsley, Rotherham, and Doncaster. The sheep consisted of 225 Lelcester wethers and gimmers and 15 Scotcn wethers aU of them in excellent killing condition. The fat sheep realized from 358. to 60s. each; ewe lambs, from 25s. to 28s.; wether lambs, 21s.; Leicester ewes In lamb, 38s. to 54s each; and Southdowns, 44s. to 46s. The herd of fat beasts comprised 42heifers and cows, five fat short-horned bullocks, and nine scotch heifers. This portion of the stock, though not highly fed was in excellent condition for the Christmas markets, and in consequence excited a spirited competition. The average price obtained for the fat heifers was 171., but one fetched 25E 5s. The Scotch bullocks sold for abont 151. per head, which was considered their full value ; the Scotch heifers brought 161. per head. The store beasts mado good prices, one fine Alderney cow and calf selling for 231, and several others for 201. each. A fine steer of superior breed fetohed 121. after a smart competition. Pare Aderney heifers made from 91. to 121.; Alderneys in calf from 161. to 23l.; Ayrshlre cows in calf realized 171 to l9t. 10s.; cows in milk from 11i, to 221. The shorthorns and blood-stock went for low prices, bulls realizing only 301. each, about half what they were said to have cost. This result was owing to the herd having been visited with disease. The fat, It was calculated, made from 7s. 6d. to s. 3d. per stone. There was only a comparatively small number of horses, for sale and these consisted only of a few thorough-breds and half-breds. A fine gray colt by Chanticleer, out of Aggripina, fetched 60 guineas, the highest figure reached. Two carriage horses made 40 guineas each, ane.~hor 364 guineas, and a fourth 34 guineas. The bidding forthe agriculturl horses was very spirited, and several fino aninals sold for upwards of 50 guIneas each. The sale of pigs (chieflyr smallones), realized extreme rioes, the aigheatbeilng 10 guinea. The pofltry and *arm implements elso soda well. The sale realized nearly 4 0001.
PoLrCE. GwiThDHAL.-EUBn Desmond, the propsietresa of a sleaving hoP" (unlicensed pawnbroker's), was summoned under an Act whicht infiicts a penalty for suoh offenoe of 501. or three mnonths' imprisounment. The Stamp.offito solicitor prosecutedh, ana evidene woas Vnpoigthat dofendant keeps a "1leav' a t 10, lden-atone, fthat she was in the habit a n plegs as a pawnbroker without a lice , tat illonecase where a person had "left" some thangs w hor a thieate she refustd to give them up,and threatene toe them un les she also took out aw aistcoat whih did not belong to her. Instead of complying wim h thers to f a arliament withregard toulnteret, she hen chaging at the rate of 350 per cent. th A clerk in the department of the Registrar of Licenss in the Inland Revenue-ofioe proved that the dofendant had had no license sinoe July last. The defendant wasonvted nouvup the mitigated penalty of 251.. or three months' Imprisonment. We are requested to acknowledge the receipt of 201. as a donation for the poor-box from the Merchant Thsylorz' Company. WEsT gsT, bp-A resxpetable-looking, but very oiterate woman, named Miller, who keeps ak chandler's shop, entreated the magistrate's assistance and advie respectinig the following disgraceful fraud:- She said that some months ago Mrys. Rudd, a wcalan of whom she psome1igtt knowledge,audwholhadalwaysbeen considered a respectable person, came to hershop and wished to know whether she would supply her with goods until the Duke of Cambridge came to town, at which time his steward Mr. Edwards, would come andl pay her. She scsi neaito applicant whatappeared to her cogent reasons for er having some oldms upon his Grace, and, applicant behaiving her consented to supply the necessaery artiles of proviion. BSortly after this a person representing himself as Mr. Edwards mae his appearancetand, ha tpation t plicant his awsrsuace that she should trgee that or a month's time, applicat not only continued the supply of gods but paid the e nse of the funera of rs. uIdM c , ti the acmount at leigth amounted to 24m , and then she thought it high time to pay a visit to his Royal Highnesss steward, who had failed to caUu~pn her according to promise. She went to St. JamesfsPaace Pnd to Kew, and there to her sorro th discovered that ir. Edwards was perfectly unlnown, and that a cruel fraud had been actised iu h and she now wished to know whether she could notgvethe persons into custody for obtbainig the goods under false pretenres, and, if not, what course was open to her. Mr. Arsuno expressed his opion that upon her state. entwihrequred a vastc. amountadc of whichhaexplanation to rener t Iteligile-he ersns ighbh amenable todtherlaw for ae. conspiraco defr3hauhd, busuggested that sheshul atenakcea thedic cofuanattoraney was to he pcton-tn hrcaeofce modeein which the chargeshould sapted th.an WOlSs naeSTomEMore.,Wili Shakspeare, James Graham, and Daniel Lambert, the last a little loqucrious man, were charged before Mr. Hs n¢tLh with the following distinct offenoes :- The cases were only remarkable for the distingrished names borne by the risoners, apl of which appearefr to be genuine. sergeant Kg, of the HI division, was passing throughUnion-street, Spiadfields, -when he noticed Shakspeare engaged in a suspicious manner at the shop window cof a tobacconist named Curtis, in which directly after a pane of hlass was starred, seemingly In the usual way, with a knifeblade, and the prisoner immediately took to his heels, but was pursued and capturec, and in one of his pockets was discovered a knife, the blade of which had some putty stil adhering to u. c ng said hoetare had been in inavoluntary attendmne at this court before, and was the conystant honciante of even a , ore well-known chun a rter than himself, named Tom Moore, bat this Shakspeare strongly denmed, as he also denied any felonious or improper intention. In James Graham's case, Luffh a constable of the N dli sion, was on duty the evening before in the Kingsl road, when, happening, as officers customarily do, to look in at the window of a marine storedealer, he saw Graham seing some sheet lead, aprently recently cut, from the brightness of the edge her went in, stopped the sale, and asked him where he had obtained the property, at the same time hintin a suspicion that he had not come honesUly by it. TL Graham stoutly assverated that he had, saying that as it was useless to his employr he had gxven it to him for beer to wash the dust out of his throat, but sabsequently admitted he had been employed to "olead" a copper, and as he had foutd the lead supplied to him rather too much he had pocketed the cutings, as being worthle to any one. Daniel Lambert was found by the police at a very late hourIn the streets, both as drunk anud as noisy as he very well could be, and, being perfectly helpless for anythin but nuisane and mischief, the officer, in spite of his firt windignant protess against such interference and contumelious tretment, collared and lodged him in the station, This, however, Daniel Lamabert now very candidly adnitted to have been perfectly correct, as he had certainly taken more than was either wholesome or proper; and, he having beei fined 5e. and discharged, the other prtsoners of distinguished name were remanded for a weekh that inquiies might be hade about them. CpsentUL.-Alert Adolphus Armstron, eUacdn Albert olphs Ernest Montrose h ad be Captain ontrose, a pfashonablhay the pournsog m , descried tas of no occupathio,resiin ate very Wmeablecon-lyac Kenningon.Lanefwas chargedt orm wemhan wirothseroi ouly After arrineg withs Elizabtshipo Choamters,hisv firstwfe, CtoherineSt Jarne,bein atherne Jan Leato wose fr he didned residthing ihn Lncolnd finding that he had been previously married, Instituted the present proceedings.- Mtr. Lewis said his clent had been entrapped into the second marriAge for the parpose of serving the ends of the prosecutrix, who was the mother of four Illegitimate children. Mx. CoirRru said, in committing the prisoner for trial at the C-entral Criminal Court, that be didnet think the second wife had suffered mnuch injury. The greatest offence the prisoner seemed to have committed was triffling with the forms of the church, He consentecl to take two sureties In the sum of 501. each, or one in 1001, the prisoner entering into a surety of the llke amount, for his appearance at his trial. Our reporter was requested by the sitting magistrate to acknowledge the receipt of a draught for 201. for the poorbox from the Merchant Taylors Company, and 2s. 6d. in postage stamps for Edwin Wakefield. SOUTmwYARt.-Mr. COMBS on Saturday received the usual annual donation of 20l. by check, from the 1Merchant Taylors Company," for the poor-box of this Court; also 51. from " A, R." LA=v1Bm-Mrs. Harriett Rent, a rather well-dressed woman, but of dissipated appearance, and Jane Jones, a young person well-known to the pollee, were placed at the bar bofore the Hon. G. C. NORTON, on a .;barge of shoplifting. From the evidence It appeared that on tbe evening before the prisoners entered a shoe shop in Lambeth-w.alk, and while pretending to select a pair of children's shoes, managed to conceal some men's boots on their persons. They were however, observed, and given into custody ; but before the arrival of the policeman Mrs. Kent offered aU the money she had about her to be let off. When apprehended the prisoners denied all knowledge of each other, but when locked up a conversation was heard between them which left no doubt of their being confederates in the crime of shoplifting. The prisoner Eent, who was said by her solidtor to be the wife of a clergyman of the Church of England, was recognized as having been charged at this court with attempted sulcide, by throwing herself over Waterloo-bridge, and Jones was sworn to as a notorlous offender. Both prisoners were remanded to a future day. GRx,wicu.-Mr. TRATT acknowledges the receipt of 201. from the Merchant Taylors' Company, as a donation to the poor-boxes of Greenwich and Woolwich Police-courts.
THE JETUFOsSE TRIAL. (From Galignani's Mcsscngcr.) The evidence for the prosecution baving been cloEed on the preceding day M. Berryer said that a number of wit. nesses had been summoned on behalf of the prisoners, but that he would only call very few. He then examined Madame Duclos and AL Leblanc. The latter, director of the prison at Gaillon, deposed that Madamie JeufosEe was virtuons, pious, and carltable, and had brought up her daughter carefutly. A woman named Laufray, who had been four years in the service of the lady, declared tbat never did she allow her daughter or Laurence to go out alone, and that the daughter had always slept in her m,ther's chamber. I. Lefebvre-Duruflc, a gentleman of property, of Bvreux, stated that he was on a vislt at the chateau when it was discovered that the apartments had been entered and that dirt bad been cast on the portrait of Madame de Jeufosse's husband ; also, that he nad been with that lady when in her drives she had gone out of her way to avoid Guillot. K. Miguel, receiver of registration dues, gave Guillot a very bad character, and said that he had had the impudence to pay attention to witness's wife. He spoke highly of the Jeufosse family, and added that he knew it had sustained great losses in the Revolution. Some witnesses described Crepel as a quiet, wellconducted man. ML Cresson, advocate of Madame GuUlot. then pleaded at considerable length in support of the Indictment. He maintained that, from a review of all the circumstances of the case, it could not be doubted that Guillot had conceived a violent pasdon for Blanche de Jeufosse, and that he had had secret correspondenoe and interviews with her; that her mother and brothers having become acquainted with this were so deeply wounded in their family pride that they resolved to be avenged; that they accordingly with premeditation planned the killing of theman, and that it was Crepel who, on their instigation and by their encouragement, did the deed. In the course of bis speech he made some very severe comments on the two young men, especially the, elder; he described Mademoiselle Blanche as badly brought up and badly educated; and he dwelt on the brutality which he said had been displayed by Madame Jeufosse in not causing anything to be done for Guilot when lying in the agony of death in her grounds. M. Berryer, ad. vocate of Madame Jeufosse, next rose and said,"My client, gentlemen, is accused of being an ac complice in this affair, but she presents herself be. fore you, through me, as the principal author of the act alleged against her; she desires that my voice shall be raised the first, not so much to justify her. self as to cover by her responsibility the other prisoners. it Is to protectV what is dearest to her in the world, the honour Of her daughter, she now invokes my voice. It was by her order that a man's hand was armed, and if her sons excited the vigilance of that man, a servant, it was because they respect their mother. It is, then, to her that all responsibility must ascend, and she now tells you that she fully accepts that responsibility. Yes, gentlemen, it is she who supported the cruel, the terrible conflict in which she so long llved,-a conflict of upright and maternal sentiments, of dignity and honour against infamy, with which it was endeavoured to stain the chastity of her house. From respect to Madame Guillot, here present, I will not enter into sgust£ug details, but I must tell you that Madame de Jeufosse was constantly menaced, attacked in her repose, and iE her dlgnity,-was, so to speak, besieged in her own house, and, consequently, not only possessed the right of legitimate defence of her family and her household, but was placed under the necessity of exercising it. That right, I main. tain, was incontestable; that necessity I shall show was imperative." The learned gentleman then went on to argue that it Was clear from the evidence that after persecuting MIademoiselle Laurence, the governess, and being very properly repulsed by her, Guillot paid attention to Mlademoiselle Blanche; but MIademoiselle Blanche told her mother and had never given him any encouragement. It was in consequence of that disclosure, and of something which Guillot had said at his club at Gaillon, that Madame de Jeufosse determined to break off her acquaintance with him; but in order not to compromise her daughter in any way she desired to do so as quietly as possible. " What, however," asked the learned counsel, vwas the conduct of Gnillot ? Was it that of a man who, being engaged inu an intrigue with an innoce!nt young person, sought silence and mystery? No-it was a series of odious3 manoeuvres to compromise the Jeufosse family. To do so, |he climbed over walthat is to say, violated an enclosure, a domicile, an inviolable asylum; and he acted so in order to cause noise and scandal-he did it in order to be seen-he made markrs in the snow and blew his horn. in order that none might doubt that it Was he. And under such circumstances could it be maintained that his client had not the right to protest her household as she would have protected her crops, her fruit trees, or other things of comparatively little value 91" After dwelling at some length on the manner in which Guilet had persecuted Mademoiselle Blanche, and after stating that Madame do Jeufosse could not, as hadi been suggested, excite her eons to fight him in a duel, since that would have been risking the honour of one child and the lives of the others, the learned counsel wvent on to contend that Ma3dame do Jeufosse was under the necessity of Iprevent3nGugGiUot from banging abcout the cbflteau at night, !and .ax teoonlymleans by which she could do so was by instructing her gamekeeper to fire at him; yet, before giving the order to do so, she had caused an examining magistrate to be asked if she had the right to do it,and was answered in the aflirmative. Arriving at the shooting of Guillot, X, Berryer said that his client had been reproached for not having given assistance to him when he fell wounded. " But,"' he asked, "wvhat could she do9 Was it possible that she could have the bleeding body brought into the chtateau, to be seen by Blanche and the governess?9 Besides, she was distracted, and she had cried to one of the witnesses, ' Oh, do everything!3 Act as the master h ere!i I am the most unfortunate of women, the most a&flicted of mothers !' What had happened," continued the learned gentleman, "was a great misfortune, no doubt, hut was it not caused by the victim h1nmself9. HIave you not heard that he took pleasure in branding the innocence of Mlademoiselle do Jeufos.e9. Have you not seen that, though he pretended to love her, he had described her to every one he knew, even persons of the lowest class of society, as a most abandoned character? And yet she never gave him ihe slightest encouragement-none * she never wrote him a word, for if she had it would have been produoed. But suppose that she were. guUlty"- Hero e aamee deeufosse exclaimed "Oh, never Sir !" "I beg your pardon, Madame, hut let me suppose for a moment that Blanche was gulilty, and even then, I say, that her mother was under the necessity of defending her. She, how. ever, was pure, and was lt not the duty of her mother to protect her character 1" N. Ierryor then proceeded to argue that Madame doJeufosse, in causing Gnillot to be fired at, was acting in her legitimate defence, inasmuch as article 329of the Penal Code says, that "4resIstance to a forcible entrance, a nocturnal entrance," is legitimate; and he again asked if what was justifiable for protection of property was not infinitely more so for the protection of a daughter's honour? Ho reminded the jury that a husband has in all counEtres in the world the right oE killing his wife found in adultery and her lover as well; and ho asserted that a parent had an equal right, and the, solemnl duty of defending the honour of her children. After speaking in eulogzistic terms of Madame Gusillot and expressing regret for her loss, he said in conclusion,-"I know that you vill declare that no crime, no offence has been cotmmitted-that no culpability exists;* but after yonr verdict what will be the existence of this mnother and her daughter ? I see in it sorrow incurable and of imm easur. able depth I Oh, you wiU feel aS I do, that there is a victUm who deserves more regret than the husband-more even than his unhappy widow, whose heart, I pray God, mayybe spared the tortures which cautse that of this mother to boleed 1" When the learned feontleman resumed his seae loud cries of "Bravo!l bravo 1' broke forth from all psrts of the ounrt. The Aidvocate.Genernl declared that such manifestations were imuproper. The Court than nad ,jourad
AILITAY 4D 1YA VAL INTBLLIGEBNO. The 5th tompany of Royal Engineers, under the command of CaptaDt W. F. Lambert, left Brompton Barracks, Chat. ham, before daylight on Saturday morning for Southampton, to embark for China. A large quantity of sappers au& miners' tools, for siege operations in Chins, have been har. warded from head-quarters, Chatham, with portable India. rubber boats, photograph apparatus, and every rEquisite used by the corps of Royal Engineers in Laiaing operatio"s. The European and American Steam NaTgation CoinIpany's ehip Argo, Captain Benson, left Spftead on Saturday for India with detachments of troops to the number of nearly 900, a6nd, as there -were several charnges, alterations, andadditlons to th origlnal orders, we now give an acourate detai of officers and men who left ipithead In the ship:6th Dragoon Guards, 10 men; 12th Lancers, 25 men Royal Artillery, 47 rnen; Sth Regiment of Foot, Ensign Reginald Whittiug and 14 meon; 10th, Ensign William Betson and 6 men; 13th, 71 men; 19th, 313 men; 20th, 11 men; 23d, 8 men; 24th, Ensign A. W. Fitzmaurice and 7 men; 29th, 6 men; 32d, 19 men; 34th, Lieutenant Edmund 1'. L Mathew and 40 men; 37th, Ensign R. J. Bell and 27 men; 434,6 men; 60thRifie Regiment, EnsignWilliamI:eith Murray and 17 men; 66th, Ensign S. W. Bent and o men; 68th, Olentenant-(Colonel H. Blount, 'Major H. H. Morant, Brevet-Major F. S. Savage, Cptapns W. H. Fitzgerald, C. U. Shuttleworth, H. White, and H. S. Light, Lieutenants E. R. F. Vicars, Lieutenant and Adjutant S. Grace, Lieu. toeants F. de L. Saunderson, J. Blood, H. J. B. V. Stuart, Ensigns S. B. Noble, A. F. Marshall, C. B. Tew, W. W. Turner, and H. G. Cwvendish; Assistant-Surgeon A. P. m, corbett, and 371 men; 75th, Lieutenant W. W. Urquhart and 23 men; 82d, 10 men; 84th, 8 men; 90th, 5men; Staff-Surgeon J. L. Halloway in medical charge of the troops. All on board went away with the best spirits and very comfortable, having got well into berth during the un. expected detention of the ship in port by the Governmen or Irdia Board authorities. Fino weather prevailed on thelr departure, Iessrs. Ronnie and Sons have completed three of a number of small high-preasure iron gunboats, ordered by the East India Company for river service in India. The pri. ciple on which these boats is constructed having been proved to answer the expectations anticipated with regard to speed, draught of water, &c., 10 others are ordered to be built forthwith. They are fitted with two screw propellers having one under each quarter, each engine being distinct and capable of being worked alone, which will enable the vresel to turn and slew round speedily in a very narrow compas Oneboiler worksthepairofeengines. Theywere last week despatched on a trial trip down the river, having an engineer officer from Woolwioh Dockyard to verify the proceedings. Their rate of speed amounted to 9 knots per hour, anddraughtof wateronly24 inches. For the pur. pose o! transporting these vessels to thelr destination they are prepared so as to disconnect the entire hull, and enable their being stowed in a ship's hold. One 12-pounder gun Is mounted amidships. The total length from stem to stern Is about 75 feet, and width 12 feet. The West India mail steamship Australasian, having been chartered by the East India Board, has been undooked at Southampton, and was to leave that port yesterday for Plymouth to embark troops for India. Her Majestys yacht Falry, Captain the Hon. Joseph Denman, embarked the Queen and Court at Cowes on Saturday afternoon at about a quarter-past 2 o'clock, and landed them at the Clarence-yard, Gosport, at 10 miautes past 3, where a special train, in charge of the Hon. Rlalph D9tton, M.P., Deputy-Chairman; Mr. Crombie, Sooretary; Mr. Beattie, Superintendent of Locoomotion, Mr. Godson, Chief Superintendent, and other officers of the South Western Railway Company were in waiting to carry the Royal party to Windsor. The following vessels, now being built at Chatham Dock. yard, are in a forward stato, and will be ready for launching daring the ensuing year, viz*:-Hero, 91; Hood, 90; Irresistible, 80; Mersey, 40 ; and Charybdis, 21; giving an aggregate of about 15,000 tons. Each vessel is to be fitted as a screw steamer. The Mersey and Charybdis will be launched In March next. The following Royal Marine Cadets passed for commiss.ons in the corps at the examination whlch concluded at the Royal Naval College, Portsmouth, on Friday evenlng last:-Messrs. A. French, IL A. Georges, H. E. Russell, B. G. Sharpe, T. M. Whale, E. 0. B. Gray, W. N. F. Hopkins, and A. E. Otter. Lieutenant J. J. S. O'Neill, 20th Regiment, has been appointed Instructor of Musketry to the 2d Battalion at Chatham garrison. Her Majesty's screw two-docker Victor Emmanuel, 91, got up her steam in the basin at Portsmouth on Saturday, to try the working of her maohinery antecedent to trial outside the harbour. The Alban, 3-gun steamvessel, Lieutenant Commander the lion. W. B. do Blaquiere, was dooked at Portsmouth on Saturday to have her copper cleaned, &c. Her Majesty's screw steam storeship Industry, Mfaster Commander Hodges, commenced shipping a cargo of dock. yard stores on Saturday at Woolwich for Rio and AscenSion. The following promotions In Woolwlch dockyard 1r- o announced to have taken place on Saturd.%y-namely S. H. Moore, assistant-paymaster ard secretary to Commo. dore Shepherd, promoted; and Edward Octaiius Hayes, assistant-paymaster on board the receiving-ship Fisgard, to be paymasters. The undermentioned mates were on Saturday promoted to be Lieutenants: - C. B. Dobbin (aotin, J. Romie, H. Xerr, M. E. Porter, H. F. Nicholson, F. W. Lnglefield, A. 0. Macfarlane (acting), E. Denny, W. N. wise, F. de V. Sanders, C. P. Boger, CG J. Brownrlgg, Jaa, Darling, Jas. Murdock Stewart, T. H. Royse, C. X. Gayer. R. H. Napier (acting), R. P. Fitzgerald, P. W. Pelleov, and S. G. Price. The following Assistant-Paymasters were on Saturday promoted to Paymasters:- J. Hearnden, T. R. Dinnis, W. H. uills, J. J. Hayward, H. Sewell, J. Shepherd, J. Burke, W. Rogers, and G. Barnes, Mr. Benjamin J. Hooper has been appointed Master to the Cornwallss.
UINrYElBsITy IlTELrIGBNCE. OXFORT Dn-ns Thbe University Sermons were pesLohed this day* In the morning by the Rev. W. H. Kiarsiskea, and in the ater-noon by the Rev. E. Hobbouse, both of Merton College. The sermorn to-rnorrow (St. Thomas's day) will be preached by the Rev. W. Basi Jone", of University College ; that orn Christmnas-day by the Rev. C. W. Sandford, of Christohurch, at ChristchuLroh; and that on St. Stephen's day (Saturday) by the Rev. T. Shadforth, of Untiversity Coflege, at St. Mary's. The subjoined notice has been issued by the Examinxers in the School of Law and Modern History : "1Some rmisconception having arisen asi to the meaning of pat of a notice issued by the Examiners in Law aud Moder Tistory before the long vacation, they wish to call the attention of Candidates to the following polints : "11. The words I knowledge of the original texts' were not mneant to imply that there would he any examnination on the languzages (Latin and French) as such; but the Examiners, in accordance with the practice of previous Examiners and the terms of the notice issued in July, 1854, wished to give weight to a knowledge off the special sabjects as read in the originals rather than in translktions. "1No French book whatever was mnentioned hut those -which were contained in previous lists. " 2. No candidate wee required to offer either a Latin orea French book, the English authorities onx the reign of Charles I. being open for their selection among the other "As spcia sujectforthoe wo take In the second perid, he istoy o th Mogl pwerin India and of the Eurosetlomntsther-i.c.,theperiod from Baber to "GR~umvmu H. . SOMIERSET. "EPWARD A. FREEfAIN. "CHARLES W. BOASE." We understand that the Warden of All Souls has intl. mated his resignation of the wrardenship, which he has now held for a eid of 30 years. The state of his heath is assigned asteCause.
TO THE EDITOR O0S THE TIMES. Silr- in General Havelock's despatch from Lucknow, published in The Times of yesterday, observe the name of my son-IJeutenant William HArgood, of the Ist Madras Fast. leers-is erroneously spelt "H arhood." I have therefore to beg you Will do rae the favour of correcting this error In your next ImpressIon. .My son has been in every action with General Havelook, and since the first battle at Busserut Gunge has had the honour of belng one of his aldes-de-camp. I am, Sir, Your obedAnt R51i.-, W-. PAP(iflr)n Rear-Admiral, Worthlng, Dec. 18.
TuE VrDi,s or' TRY, hrDITAX uTiN~y..The Edinburgh Witncss states that the late Judge Robertson, Chief Judge at Bareily, who was cruely murdered there after the mockery of a trial in the month of May last, was the son of Major David Robertson, late of the Han. East India Company's service, and of Caroline Lockhart, of Cambusnethan, in Lanarkshire. who lives to lament both her husband and her son. The latter was born at Agra, June 26, 1811. It is known that when the Indian muti. aies were imminent in the north-west, Bareilly was one of the first places wbere the atrocities com-menced. On the morning of the outbreak some escaped from the station, but Mr. Robertson, with a few others, hoping against hope that they would be able to keep the restless spirits around them in check, contitnued at their posts, and fell victims to the mutiny. Xr, Robertson was put to death by a rebel chief, not with torture, but in a mode which was deslgned to be Ignomini. ous. His Jast letter to his wife was written the night before he was killed, and up to that time no gentleman had left the station. T next morning, when the signal gun was 6red for the mutinj to commence, many having their horses ready saddled escaped, but unhappily Mr. Robertson did cot arail himself of the o;Dortxunty. The late judge was a man of literary taste, &d was distinh,Ad as a fiend of Ihe -Free Churca in India; daa
MORTARS AND MORTARB In the naval and military intelligence ot aturday it was announced that the 3G-inch mortar designed 'by Lord Palmerston had again beena subjected to trial and again shown signs of defective construc. tion. The amociation of the Prime .linister's narae with this monster cannon is no doubt due to its having been ordered by him en his own responRibility, without the previous eauetion of the Wa-] Departmient and the Woolwich authorities. The latter are probably anxious to have it clearly understood that they have had to thare in recommending the construction of so useless a piece of ordnance. 'l'hey may even quiote it as a set off against the stiU more conspicuous failure of the Lancaster gun, for which they are uadoubtedly answerable, and the manufacture of which, after an enormous expenditure, has been finally abandoned. In truth, whether the public looks to the existing state of artillery science at Woolwich, or to the experiments which have found promoters there, or to those which have been forcibly thrust upon the War-office by the pressure of inventors out of door6, the results hitherto realized have been equally unsatisfactory. The Russian?s did, indeed, cover the hum;iition of their retreat from the south sde of Sebastopol by cal1ing the fire of their opponents a " feu d'enfer," but can we take much credit for the compliment implied in that term ? The late war clearly enough demonatrated that the British army has not, aa it undoubtedly ought to have, any conspicuous or decisive superlority over those of other counxtries in the artillery arm, and that a monstrous wastefulness of ammunition and mtriel, which in the strictest sense of the words mean moneya wastefulness preposterously out of proportion to the destructive effects produced-is common to all. It heing proved, therefore, that we are only on a par with other European States upon this point, and that the existing system is very far abort of what it should be in effectiveness, we now find ourselves called uporn to confess, at the end of several years devoted to experiment, that our attempts at improvement have not been successful; that Nasmyth's wrought-iron gun, Krupp's steel gun, Mallet's huge mortar, Lancaster's rifled cannon, and many more of the same class have failed; and that we have very little to show for the money expended in these abortive schemes beyond the knowledge that we cannot violate the laws of mechanical construction and of chymical science with impunity. WVhether the new piece of ordnance was favoured at the War-office, or the Horse Guarcds, or down at Woolwich, or by the Primo Minister, the result has atill been of the same unfortunate character. The Russians, with their superior quality of iron, can at least equal, if they do not surpas, us in the size of their heaviest ordnance. Our allies, the French, claira to be more effective than we are upon the all-important point of field artillery. Are we, then, to submit to this dangerous equality, and do our unrivalled meehanical resourees offer us no escape from a position which the backward state of artillery science throughout Europe only renders the more humiliating ? The answer cannot be doubtful; indeed, if we are not mistaken, the question has already found its proper practical solution. We must give up all attempts to set the laws of the material world at defiance-to rifle cannon so that they must either burst themselves or their shella-to east and to weld iron in masses which far transcend the limits hitherto attainable consistently with sound workmanship-to achieve by a tour de force what can only be obtained by the regular graduated advance of judicious and well-directed experiment. This succession of failures in the Woolwich marshes only illustrates the sarne simple economic truths which place a limit to the size of the London dray-horse- which makes the one-horse cart superior to the waggon, the narrow-gauge to the broad-gauge for goods traffic, which compelled our mechanical engineers to seek by the fast action of perfectly forged parts in their marine engines for the power which the size and consequent Imperfeetions of larger parts worklng at slower speeds could not maintain without the risk of constant breakdowns. WhUe some men of really inventive talent and a great many charlatans have been permitted to waste the public money in trying vainly to improve our artiUery, It seems passing strange that it should not long ago have been discovered how impossible it was to hope for successful results in the direction in which they were working. It was clear that while increaJsed range and precision of firlng were wanted, It was nearly as important to bring the charges of ammuniition and the weight of metal int guns into more manageable proportions to each other, and to the facilities for transit on active service. No sensible man can have witnessed the frightful damage done to the efficiency of our army in the Crimea by the exigencles of the siege-train during the winter of 854-5 without being impressed with this conviction. The principle of the rifie offered an obvious suggestion for the proper means of working out the foregoing problem, but then for artillery rifling by grooves would not do without the use of a pliant metal in the projectile, and the cost of lead rendered its application to that purpose impracticable. It was necessary therefore to alter the existing mode of rifling, and to modify the bore of the cannon, so that an Iron projectile could be diseharged from it rotating on its own axis in the line of flight. 'Tis result once secured, it is obvious that a field-piece or gun of position would become a rifle on a large scale, and that the same immense increase of range and of penetration which had been realized by the smaller weapon as compared with Brown Bess would be placed at the command of the artillery service. It Is consolatory, after a series of failures worthy even of Brunel in launchinR the Leviathan. tha+. +.k -, 1- -. last the well-grounded h6pe of an improvemnexit by ,which our ordnance may be placed on a proper footing. In pursuing those careful experiments which he undertook for the Government principally to improve the rifle, Mr. Whitworth, the eminent machinist, adopted a polygonal spiral bore of a utniform pitch, but more rapid than could be attained by grooves. This bore has enabled him to surpass immensely the range and penetration of the Enfield rifle ; but even these advantages, important as they are, scarcely sturpass those which it places withinthe reach of our artillery service. The strain of the projectile being distributed evenly over every side of the polygon, iron can be substituted for lead in the projectile, and this simple but beautiful mechanical appliance at once becomes available for cannon. Moreover, Mr. Whitworth has discovered in the course of his experiments that according to the quickness of the turn In the polygon is the length of the projectile that may be fired, so that 241b. and 481b. shot have been sent to extraordinary ranges with half the usual charge of powder from an ordinary 12-pounder howitzer. Here, then, is at once the solution of the whole question which has troubled the brains of so many inventors, real or pretended, for years. The artilleryman at one stride resumes the relative position to the soldier of the line which the Enfield rifle had so perilously deprived him of, and this mechanlcal country, after finding herself on the level of France, Russia, and other European States, is once more, as during the Peninsular eampaigns, enabled to assert her natural superiority in the manufacture of cannon. We trust that no petty jealousies on the part of narrow-minded officials will be allowed to interfere with the course of Mr. Whitworth's experiments, and that the encouragement which he is now receiving from the Mini.ter at War and the Commander-in-Chief will enable him, at no remote date, to realize for the benefit of the army and the nation that revolution in g,unnery which the results already obtained by him promise.
TO THE EDITOR OFTHE T0IME&S Sir,-We are famous for sticking fast between high and low water like the Leviathan. Those who try to push Barnacles from their places generally fail, but the strongest of us may be moved by the judicious use of a wedge and a lever. Why don't the clever people try to move their obstinate big sbip by similar means ? I am your obedient servant. RA R.VAorT.<-7T1T wr &TrTxro Circumlocution.office, Deci.-1S
MR. JAM1S COPTPOOK. The friends and political connexions of this well-known Parliamentary and electioneering solicitor will regret bolearn that his death oceurred, after an illness of four dxys, at hia house ia Cleveland-row on Saturday evening. Only afortaigit tince he was engaged some days in the country on his circuit duty as Treasurer of the Kent County Courts; and so lutely as Monday last he was transacting business appareut in his usual health at his offices in Parliamentstrt, Westminster. On that evening he went home to his pTivate residenoe complaining ofasudden inflammatory att kis his chest. His respiratory organs were severely and Spasmodleally affected, and his danger wasaggravated by a chrouic derangement of the heart, of longstanding. On :Ehiday his medical attendant, Dr. Neil, called into eonsultation Sir Henry Holland, more alarming symptons and delirnmm intervening. He continued gradully sinking during the last 24 hours of his life, and expired withoub a struggle on the following evening at 6 o'clock. Mr. Coppock was born on the 2d of September, 1798, and was a native of Stockport, In Cheshire. He was the eldest son of a respectable mercer in that borough, and after a good middle-class education he served his apprenticesip in his father's business. In 1820 he was placed as a clerk in the establishment of a large wholesale haberdasher in London. He early commenced business on his own account, employing a small capital in a silk firm in the city. In that con. nexion, partly in consequence of the commercial disasters which followed on the French Revolution of 1830, he was unsuccessfuL He had rmarried In 1829, but upon his failure as a mercer he boldly abandonedtrade, and resolved to adopb the profession of the lawv; and in 1832 he attileld himself to a respectable solicitor in Furnival's-ian. During his five years' clerkship he earned his livelihood, and industriously pursued his new avocatoion. Although not admitted on the roll of attorneys tiU 1836, he acted as an earnest voluntary partisan in the first Finsbury election contest follow ing the Reform Act of 1832. At that period he first published the Blectors Manual. After the second general election under the reformed representative system, the Liberal leaders ir London, profiting by the late Sir Robert PeePs counsel to " Register ! Register I" founded a counter Registration Society, with bra-nches throughout England and Wales. Mr. Coppock was by the late Mr. Sutton Sharpe recommaended as tho most fitting secretary to the new association, and especially as the author of the Electora' 3fanual. Continuing his articles of clerkship he received, we believe, a salary of 3001. a-year as such secretary, with a residence in the society's rooms in Cleveland-row. This new ocoupation naturally brought him into communication with all the principal Liberal agents and solicitors of the provincial counties and bo. roughs, personally or by correspondence. Three or four years afterward on the close of the Society's opera. tions, he became lessee of its house in Cleveland-rowr, where he first established himself as a solicitor and Parliamentary agent. His original wide-spread connexion with the constituencies of the unit ed kingdom immediately Constituted Mr. Coppock's office the centre of many election arrangements and contests, and led to his professional employment in the conduct of contested returns in the House of Commons. His zeal and daring in fighting political opponents with their own weapons are too well remembered to need detaiL Forturnately corrupt practices and Illegal acts at elections have been of late years largely diminished, partly by legislation and punishment, and partly by the improved moral conduct of the borough constituencies, though "' Othello's occupation") may not yet have entirely vanished. Xone can question the fideliby of Mr. Coppock's service to his political clients, and his word was invariably relied upon by opponents in all arrangements and " compromises." We desire in this brief obituary notice not to reopen past eleclioneerig feuds and public inquiries in Parliament connected wi'th Mr. Coppock's personal services to past Administrations and former Whig and Radical candidates for seats in our Legislature. Such bygone transactions are rather matters for future history than for present renewed commentary, and the public press of the day has suffi cently criticized tbe two great poltical parties and their individual election doings. It Is enough to state that Mr. C oppock entered the election. eering arena as an avowed partisan of the Liberal party. HBi best friends could' not approve all his acts, but he had a universal credit for abiUty and integrity in his representation of partisans. His self-reliance and indomitable courage constantly involved him In difficulties, and he often taxed too severely his physical and mental powers. Indeed, his professional over-exertion in the numerous election committees of the last session probably shortened his life. He acted as manager of sometimes f our committees sitting on the same day; sometimes singly concerned for sitting members and petltioners, or acting as agent for country parties. It was also in the spring and summer of this year that, unfortunately involved as a shareholder and leading director in the Surrey Gardens, he had the additional andiety on his mind of that unfortunate speculation, and with an abridged leisure for attention to the interests of himself and co-proprietors. Receiving last August his appointment as County Courts' Treasurer, and being therefore in a public official capacity, he most acutely felt the publlc reflections he incurred in common with his brother directors, and the moreso because, ac he expressed himself in a letter in our columns, he admitted only his lack of judgment, denying aU imputation on his character as an honest man. Certainly he was the largest creditor and loser bythefaiure of the company. Thns oppressed in body and mind nature gave way under severe pressure. An hydraulic machine cannot be worked beyond its proper power. Perhaps the best tribute to the memory of thts peculiar public man (and we do not record his unexpected death as that of a private individual) is the fact that in private fortune he made no gain by his singular and busy political career. He had arranged to retire from business. His estate wi probably realize a small independence, and one really earned by his more ntatural business as a solicitor. His death will be regretted by many personal frien ds, and his loss to the "party" may never be fully supplied. He was aman sui genewi5, and politics were his calling and his pleasure. Probably our future electoral system will never create nor need a second James Coppook.
THE B OZERAMi MUTINY. TO THE EDITOI OF THE TrM S. Sir,-You and many of your readers may remember tho so cailed Boler=a mutiny, in which Brigadier Mackenzie got severely wounded, the Brigadier declaring that he was attacked by troopers of the Nizamm's 3d Cavalry, and that the said regiment was in a state of open mutiny. Captan Orr, who was the commandant of the regiment, on the other hand, denied that any of his troopers, were engaged in the disturbance, and affirred that his regiment was per. feotly to be depended on, that the parties im.licated were strangers to the regiment, [and that the whole affair was brought on by tbe Brigadier Injudiciously interfering with some Muasulman religious procession while passing his house.] Tne feeling at the time was rather against the 3d Cavalry, which was not diminished when the Bengal mutiny broke out. It is, therefore, but justice to that gallant regiment, and its commanding offcer, Captain tnow Major) Orr, to draw the attention of the public to the noble way in which they have bebaved while forming part of BrJgadier Steuart's command, especially after the affair of Me__ dpore, when they, with someo other cavalry, chargedl the mutineers on both flanks, and, to use the expression ef your Bombay correspondent, "doubled them up," recapturing all the guns and stores previously carried off by the mutinieers Their conduct every one wil1 admit fully justified Major Orr's confidence in their fidelity anad discipline, and many a Madrasee wiU be delighted that such has proved to be the case. - Your obedient servant, L.
THE MJETROR. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TJMES. Sir,-I beg to bear testimony to the communication of 'X. Y. Z.,"' and to Inform you that vhile passing through Beokenham. lane, Rent, on my way from the ralwiay st-ation, last Wednesday eveniug, I was suddenly startled by the phenomenon described by your correspondent. I clearly saw it through a cloud; it appeared like a balIl of blueish fire,about 7 Irches in diameter, and described a circle, revolving at the samne time, and vanished as quickly as it apDeared. On consulting my pocket compass and my watch I found it was in the north, andL occurred at 15 minutes before 8 o'clock. The sky had a very peculiar aPpears ce afterwards, the north-east being comparatively light while the south-west was densely dark. Trusting these remarks may prove useful to your astro. nomical observers, I am, Sir, your most obedieni servant Is o.n . - Printing-works, 80, Blshopsgate-street-jwitinD 1 TO THE EDITOR OF TIE TIMES. Sir,-The meteor aluded to by your correspondent X. Y. Z.," as seen by him at Wokingharn, 'was witnessed by me at Doncaster. I did not notice it untU it had traverseod nearly one-third of its course, as I was facing the south. It dS.appeared In S. S.W. when at a considerSble altitude above the horizon. To my sight it was of a bright aurple with a star of great brightness near to its centre, andhad it not been for the rapidity of its nio-vement I should have thought It was a fire-balloorn froim its form being ciriular. A it was, utdeleeiing the letter of "X. Y. Z." I cosridered The sky here thin mornLng, at a quarwer before 8 was most remardkalble, just suchau one as the late John Martiw would - I am, Sir. youi obedient C ROBERT C. MAY. Jnrham, Dec. 18. EXETEBT-Aj;T; SERVIOeS.-Arrangements have been made for the continuance oe the Sunday Evenine Services to the Working Classes at Exeter-haU, and the Revs. Dr. Spence, Newman Hall, George B. Macdonald, Daniel Katbterns, Joshua C. larrison, and William Chalmers have engaged to preach on the first six Sundays of the new ) eAr,
LYCEUM THEATRE. The F,nglish opera season came to an end on Saturday alghts vwhen Mr. Balfe's Bose of 0astille was performed to a croydded house and with the greatest applause. In an rs<dress to their patrons (which we subjoin) Miss Louisa Peyne and Mr. Harrison make their profession of faith, lluding at the same time to past achievements and future intentions. It appears that their enterprise has prospered beyond expectation, and that they are only compelled to arest proceedings for want of a theatre, their tenure of the Lyceum being now at an end. Certainly, no previous undertaking of the kiud has ever deserved so well, and so long as Miss Pyne and her associate in the management adhere to the principles that have governed them in their first attempt ihey may rely on the continued favour of the public. With 3Mr. Alfred Mellon for a musicl guide they cannot wander very far from the right path, since no one knows better than that gentlenan how indispensable to the success of an operatic establishment is thorough efficiency In general detals. With a good orchestra, a good chorus, and careful : tage direction, a weaker company than that ofthe Lyceum might reasonably have looked for encouragement, while without them even a much stronger could only have anticipated failure. No solid foundation can ever be laid through theagenoy of what is called the " star" systemn; and though IMiss Lousa Pyne possesses vocal powers that many of the most gifted foreigners might envy, It was nevertheless because she consented, like her paTtner, to become a zealous working member of the " troop," and to aim at general com- leteness rather than personal display, that her efforts have teen crowned with success. "Afsa femme et qelques pouges,' conveyed the notion of an operatic entertainment ipofessed by the husband of a celebrated songstress. Hadc iss Pyne adopted this for motto, her maiden campaign as directzesa would in all probability have been as ruinous as, through the good sense wfhich induced her to lay egotsmn aside, she has been able to render it trimphant. The following is the parting address to wghich we have " Ladies and Gentlemen,-In taking leave ofjou on this. the Last night of our operatio season, we cannot allow the opportunity to ass without thanking you most warmly and jmost sincerel or the very great and liberal patronage you have bestowed upon our attempt to re-establish an English opera in the English metropolls. We have both of us been all our lives firmu believers In the vitality of English opera, During the long years it has been slumbering among us, whoever may have deemed it dead, we never once lost faith nIt nor ever for a moment gave upthe cheering hope that t zDgih opera would awake once more, possibly allthe Iskonger for its long repose. Firm in this belief we entered into partnership, endeavoured, to the best of our abilities, to organize the most efficient company we could obtain to aid us In the work, and have ever devoted all our energies to the realization of the hope we had each long entertatned ; of once more establishing in our native land an opera in our native tongue. Encouraged by your kind support, may we not look upon that hope se accomplished 1 Par be it from either of us to join the senseless cry of want of patronage to native talent. Far, indeed, is it from our thoughts to begrudge one single cheer of the applause be. stowed by a discriminating British publio upon the admirable artsts collected at such cost and with such pains from every nation upon earth to sing at our Itallan theatres. There is abundant room for all of us, and your kind patronage, for which we are now thanking you, proves that the English people will support their countrymen an,d countrywomen in any well-meant endeavour to Eet on foot an opera in a language aU can understand and at prices al can pay. Of the past seasot little need be said. In com. aeDcing ouz undertakidng, It was our determination to preEent each opera with all the completeness of detail In every respect which it was nossible to attain. This determination we have, to the very est of our ability, honestly carried out, and for the ready and willing assistance rendered us in this undertaking we here publicly tender our heartiest thanks to every indivdual member of the comnpany, from the Eighest to the lowest. To the gentlemen of the press our most especial thanks are due; the flattering terms in which they have one and all spoken of cur enterprise, and the invaluable aid they have afforded it by directing public notice to the operas produced, will ever be remembered by us with heartfelt gratitude; and the praise they have been kind enough to iestow upon us for the past will stimulate us to renewed exertions to deserve it for the future. And now one word ! about the future. Our tenancy of the Lyceum Theatre expires this evening, consequently, though we would gladly prolong a season rendered by your kindness so propiious, we are compelled to leave you for a while. But we hope not for long. We trust that we may soon return to London, and establish an English Opera upon a more permnanent footing. Your generous support emboldens us to hope that the Pyne and Harrison English Opera ComI panthasradeb a 'name;' all it requires now is a ' local habitation.' Megotiations are pending, by which we trust that a 'local habitaion' wil be secured for us; so that, though we are now reluctantly compelled to say farewell, we are encouraged by the feeling that we may add, au rcvoir. It haa ever been a maxim in our management to refrain from making promises the fulfilment of which a thousand unforeseen circumstances night render impossible. But firmly believing, by tlie knd-I interest you have shown in our undertasdkng, that you, too, share with us the hope of seeing English opera permanently established among us, we think it only right to impart to yoa our intentions for the futre, In the frst place, we are most desirous of producing original operas, written in the English language, for English singers, and would most respectfully invite the ald of native composers, whose works we shall ever be proud to recelve, and, if acceptable, to place before the public in the best manner that our abilities will permit. We have now by us an original opera, written expressly for us, which has never yet been represented in England, but which it was our full intention to have played this season had not the unpre. cedented success of Balfe's Rose of Castillec prevented It, This opera, the work of an American, Mr. George Bristow, has met with the most enthusiastic reception every. where in the united States, and next season we hope the verdict of a London audience may confirm that of the young, vigorous, and generous nation amid which the opera in quesfion first saw the light. While speaking of the futuro movements of our company, we may, perhaps, be aUowed to mention, with mingled feelings of pride and of gratitude for the high honour conferred upon us, that we have been commanded to represent the Rose of Castille at Her Majesty's Theatre on the occasion of the celebration of the forthcoming auspicious event, the marriage of the eldest daughter of cur most gracious Qucen. And now, ladies and gentlemen apologizig for trespassing so long upon your attention, allow usonce more to retumn you our most sincere and heartflt thanks, and, In our own name and that of the entire company, to bid you respect£ully and gratefully "LOUISA. PYNE, "Lyceum Theatre, Dec 19. "W. HARRISON."
M. JULLIEN'S CONCERTS. On Friday night M. Jullien gave what he should have given long ago-viz., a conoert, the first part of which was devoted to a seleotion from the works of C. M. von Weber, one of the most essentiaUy German of composers, and at the same time one of the most gifted and original geniuses the art has possesed. The experiment was eminently successful Xthe house was crowded, and the audience vere gratified leyond measure. The programme was highly interesting, and could only be arrigned for one fault-that of unnecessary brevity. Since Weber did not excel as a writer of symphonies, it was, perhaps, judicions not to present one of the two from his pen which are known; and since he never composed a violin concerto, the pianoforte wag the only olo" instrument resorted to-although a certain very effective piece, in which the clarionet is allotted tho chief part, would have been doubtless acceptable to the admirers of that beautiful instrument. The selection was as Overtaye-" Oberon". Weber. Song--" Oh. Arabs. dear Arabs' (Oberorl). Invitation & la Valee. Song-' The bmlae a SonV" IOberon) Conrort-eUck-pilnoforte Orerture-Der frelachltz . To listen to these six piecea in succession-aU of them breathing the very spirit of Weber-imparted a sensation as fresh and grateful as was derived from the first Mozart selection, upon which M. Jullien ventured some three years past. The whole concert was so excellent, and, at the same time so calulated to excite the popular sympathy, that every one was disappointed to find it so soon over; and the rapturous encore that followed a remarkably fine performance of the overture to Der Freischitz-which, some thitty years ago, first made the London public acquainted with Weber's music-showed that had the programme been longer It would not have been less acceptable. The Oberon overture, too, conjured up associations of equal interest, the opera Iteelf, Weber's last, having been composed expressly for Covent-garden Theatre, when Mr. Charles Kemble was manager and the elder Braham and Miss Paton (now Mrs. Woood) were the principal singers. This was played with equal fire and precision, inaugurating the concert as strikingly as the Dir Freischfiu ended it. For a similar reason the two charming airs, " Oh Araby," and "The Song of the Mermaid," of which the genial melodies areendeared toeveryloverof mu1cinEngland, were welcome. Mademoiselle Jetty Treffz, to whom they were intrusted, could hardly have made a wiser choice. Lastly, the brilliant and impetuous Concert-stiick-a favourite display-piece (the French would call It "1cheval de bataille") with the most renowned modern planists, from Dr. Liszt to Madame Pleyel-again suggested reminiscences of Weber's connexion with England, e having introduced it himself, both at his own concert In the Hanover-square Rooms and elsewhere, on the occasion of his first visit to this coimtry. Miss Arabella Goddard performed it in such a manner as was to be anticipated from one whose reputation does not rest on the knowledge of some half dozeu "fautalas," alternated ad perpetuam, but who has a whole library of music in her head and in her fingers, and to whom the finest compositions of every great master, from Bach and Handel down to Mendelssohn and our countryman, Sterndale Bennett, are familiar as the gamut. The music of Weber, as difficult as it is indivi. dual, comes to her with just the same facility as that of other comnosers whom she is caUed upon to represent more frequently; and Indeed it may be accepted for a fact that to a pianist who has mastered the works of John Sebastian Bach (from whose extensive repertory many of the most celebrated professors have been content to select two or three preludes and fugues) no other music can possibly be perplexing. Miss Goddard's execution of the Concert-stiei- Ws magnifi cent from end to end; the audience recaled her with enthusiasm, and their manifestations of delight when she was led back into the orchestra by AL Julien were redoubled. The ZnVitation & la Voaki, the most popular of all the pianoforte compositions of Weber-and especially in England, where it stands *nuch In the same light as AMendelssohn's Song swithout fWbrds-was admirably played by the band from the very ingenious orchestral arrangement of M. doctor Berlioz, wrho among French musicians has understood the author of Der Freischius the best, criticised his music with moot acumen, and appreciated his genius with the warmest affection. Thus th, wholo oonoegt my7 be deseribed as an AnSlo- Weber conoert, oonsiting, as it dld, of works for whioh, vhIlle tho author himself profewed the greatet &eem, the English peo$. have a just right to enterstn the e,earot regard, oane th On Saturday, the last night of the season, there wm a miscellaneous oonoert, which was heard with the greatest satisfaction by the audienoe, who were in a humour to applaud everything, and seemed determined to make the leave-taking a merry one. Mademolselle Jetty Treffi, who wam encored in all her songs and foroed to interpolate both *r Home sweet home' and "Trab trab," introdtzoed for the frst time, and with great suooess, a very lively and charao. teristic balad entitled, " Quick arise, maiden mine," xet to aStyrian melody by the well-known song composer Demauer. Some of IL Jullien's danoe music which hs6 attained the most popularity during the season, and especiaUy the ani. mated "Fife polka," Mr. Frank Mori's pretty ballad, " Who shal be firet 2" (sng b Slgnor'Veronf),Botted5f' dtet for violin and violoncello (performed with great spirit by Messrs. Viotti and George Collins), and the Hugucn4is ",.election" were among the lighter pieces; while the clasd cad amateur was propitiated by the overtmro to A JAfdsuu Mncr Nfigd Dream, Weber's rnvitation 4 la Yalse, aV arranged for orchestra by AL Berlioz, and his OOnceret-sw8,k for the panoferte;, executed w.ith the snue brillian snd mechanical perfection as durln- the " Weber nwht"o the previous evening by Miss Arabiella Goddard, vho w/as again honoured by an enthudsistic "recall." The concert ended with the national anthem and a heart greeting for
SHIP _.TEW& T.TVEruPnr. n -4 x ELErIO ABYD L'MX AoT-&j TELEoBA_.) Wind, S.W. Arrived.-The LTevanter and the Elesnors, from Bt. John's, NeK BruoWck-the Nero-Ullm, from Huelv-the Catherine Resale, from Gibraltar-the Arnerca, from Montreal, Off the Port.-The Northern Bdde. The Maggte Miller, hence for Madras, arrived at Holyhead on the 19th Imt. withlloes of Orstlcyd, and putIn for belter; will proceed on the 22d lest. The Camet4 henco for Bombay, with rails spoilt; and the Aijou, hence, for St. Michaels, hving patted with both anchors at Bean. masr on the 18th Inst; the Shannon, from Conotantlnoele, the Aughiroa fromIbraila, the Len,from, Marselues, andthe Vangelstrla from Ibrall, have arrived at Queenatown. The Sultans. for Melbourne, In going oat of the Queen'a Dock to day too early on 'bhe tide, grounded at the ettrance for a shoct time and anchored In the river, supposed without dawage.I The Orient, the West Point, and the Centurlon, henco, the MargaretEvans, fromLondon, and the v5aLjnD, from Glagow, hare asrvedat New York. The Queen of the Laker, hanoe, hab arried at Portand. The Windsor Forest, hence, has arrved at Phl1dalpihis The Eva Dorothea, from Bremer for Baltimore, Is ashorenear Cape Honry; &he Is expected tobe a total loe s crew and passengers saved. The National, from New Orleas for Havre, has been totaly loat near Eavanuab h be bad a cargo of 3,300 bales of coton and a quan. tity of talow. The Lady Rtebow, hence, for Gibrtar, rrvd at Holybead to stop a leak. The Countess of Darham, for Havannab, Pat back to Qteenstown on the l8th Inat LosoDoN, Dec. 19.-Wind at noon, S.W, light breze, and fine. Roos'ER, DeM, 20.-Wind, SB .W., freeh ;rainlog. Arrived, the Vissont Lamabton, from Shields-the Market Maid, from Blyth, BSlled, the Hope, xor Scabrhoroglhtho Uoloo, forn HrtIepool, BRISTOL, Dec. 20.-Arrived, the Comrnwl, fromnayle-tho Juverna from Comi-the Athlete, from LAverpoel-the Shamrock, from Water. ford. Saled., te Sabrtins, for Cork-the Ganymnede, for Acanate-the Flizabeth Ann, for M30 Michaeera-thse sersta, for LAverp,ooL, FALxouoyE, Dec. IS.-Wind, KS W. Arrved, the Serh, from Y5rmouth for Iboen-the Leduff and thbGe ge d Antin, from Odesa-the Fretc. brig Oears, from Etlo Grande-thie Alexander IL, from Meesna for ReveL MAIGATE, Dec. 17.-The shp Arx ,of LiverDool, was ed, vaterlogged and abandoned, on the -tth t., by the William Brown, arrived off here, DArrxsNc. Dec. 16.-The Sarah Richardeon, from Memel for London, which pnt in here jesterday, leaty. wil have to discharge to repair. Lo?osmDwzismx; Dec 17-During a gale yesterday the sahoonera parted their anthora In Movllte Bay and drove asore, hult are ex. poted to be got off without damae. GmAI,aP Dec. 12.-The Dutch brig Cornella driUted over to the othe aie o th ba duingthenigt o th 7t, ws bfundhrth othriaent (Csteam tglcn thBei mgorning tof the9th, abandoned by her crew anud touching tihe ground; she wast tak}en In towr, and In the afternoon GARAVESEND, Dcc. 19. (BY MAoSraco TlaEORAPHJ (From Lloyd's.) Arrived, Des, 1&-The City of Durham, from Madras. 9s30 p.m,-Wind, B.S.W., Ulght; tide, last hobnls ebb; weather fine. Arrived.-The Exsmoutb, from Rouen-the Frnule, from Duinkirkthe Panther steamer, from Boulogne. SalleL-The stamer Hlanover, for Ostend. I P.m.-Wind, S.W.; fourth houes flood; bne. ArriveL.-The Neptune, from Hamburg-the Belgium, fromn Ostend -theIndUaman, from Callao-the Alexander, from Richibucto-the Alabama, from Baenos Aymr-the Otorm Nymph, from Genoa - the Olinds, from Iqutque-the Esperance, from Buenos Ayrs-toe Bola, from Hvannab-the Emma Colley, from Galatz-the Victoria Ade. lalde, froma Rouen-the Frncis Penfield, from Coringa-the Mountaineer, from Quebec-the Alabama, from XontevIdeo-the Irnma culate Conception, from Denia. 3 p.m.-Wind, N.W.; one haues ebb; weather, fine. Arrlved.-TIO Oorlolanuns from Callso-the Colestine Maria, from Dunkirk-theAnn, from Dleppe-the Bwanton, from Odessa-the Panashi Kaipour, from Taasnrog-the Marnhul, from Guersetythe Violet. from SevUle. ai.led.-The steamer Moselie, for Rotterdam-the steamer Oountes, of Louedalo, for Hamburg. SP.nD.-WInd, N.W.: tide, four hours ebb: c*ondr. Arrived.-The eseamer Paris and London, from Pauis-the Diana from Amsterdam-the Duo Parento, from Tagaarog. Salled-The NIaroud. for Caoutta. Diosnmui 20. 4 pD.m-Wind, 8.B:, freah; tide, near high wabtr; westher, Cloudy. ArrlvedL-The steamer Tiger, from Astwevp-the steamers Rainbow and Magnet, from Rotterdam-the steamer Lion, from HarUngenthe steamer Elder, from Tonning-the steamer :Germanla, from Ham burg-the Ann Jewett, from Antwerp-the Atrow, from St. HIalothe BeUs, frem Calcutta-the Argo, from Bathurst, New Brunswickthe SaBrh, from Seville-the Loch lomond, from Peueng-the Koster from Ronlgtburg-the Ooean, from Nieuport-the B. A. Soultard from Caliao-the CorDoration, from Arcs the Sappho, froma Praceo -the Quinta, from Denia-the Eliz%beth, from Guernsey-the B. S Harriman, from Callao-the Br'eze, from Smyrna-the tetamer Lord J. Russell, from Dunkirk-the Adler, from Bremen-the ateamer Pobux, from Hamburg. Satled.-The steamer Sir Bobert Peel, for Dunkirk--the steamer Beyrout, for Constantinople-the Olty of Hamburg, for HIavre-i th steamerRhine, for Boulogne-t'beesteamer Ranger, for Harlingenthe Asterlon, for Sydney-the steamer Earl of Auokiand, for Rotter. dam-the Isabella Hamilton, for New Zoaland-the steamer Baron Oay. for Antwerp. DEAL, Dwc. 19. (By M AO.N5Viz Tz ,A.pn). (From loyd's). 9 a.m.-Wind, N.W.. Ught. Famred.-The Thomson Eankey, jun., for th6Mauritlus, the Maggie, for Bt. Michael's and the Lord Dalhousle, for Bombay, all from Lou' don, Sailed.-The Chieftain, for Tondon, to repair damages sshtained by getUng on shore at Beachy Head-Her Majesty's shi p yra, for thO westward-the Stiut Wortley, for Calcutta-the Napoleon IIL, for Bombay-the Zoo, for Tab.c Bar-the Eliza Oory, for the Mauritius. with several otbers outwardbounn, The John Bunyan remains to repair damage sutaned by the Napoleon III. oomtng into collUdon with ber while In tbe act of anchoring. Noon.-Wind, N.W., light, and hazy. Pased.-The bark Simnoom, from the north for the westward-the Coldstream, from London ter Port PhilUp. Passed, in tow.-Tho ship B. B. Harrnian, from the westward for London. Pased.-The Fairy, from London for Singapore-the schooner Mordcap,from the north for the wtestward-theZLacharlas, for Rangoon the Persian, for Cardiff, the Lotus, for Bideford, the Euphrate, for Kursochee, the BoUvar, forNewport, the Marebmont, for Mobile, th3 Punch, for Wale3s the Jenny Lind, for B3arbedoes, the Montmo. rency, for Wellington, the Von Buck Weudorf, for Malta, tho Iginla for Trieste, theJane Lakey, for Algoa Bay, the leigh, for RUo Ja. neiro, the John and Rlchard, for Guernsey, the Acyer, for Valencla the Berbice, for Demerara, and the Acsc, for St. Michaers, al from London. I.SO p.m.-Wind, I.W., lght, and fine. PasseLd-The Argus, for Rio Janelro, the Young Marquis, for Dartmouth, the Emulous, for St. Mlrhasel', the Ifronla, for the Ca3arle3 the Gem, for Guernsey, the Princess for Bahlia, the Edward Oliver, for New Orleans the Alfred, for Ascenlon, and the ossa H. Boardman, for obile, all from London. 7.19 p,m.-Wind, W.N.W., light. Arrived aud P sed.-The Cainilla, from Girgenli, for Newcaster the James, ftom Berbioe, for London. fonmrstm 20. 5 pm.-Wind, aLW., strong; thick rain. Arrved and P&sel.-The Devonshire, from New York, the CIwo patra,frommDemerara, the John Bull, from the westward, theoJohn Banks, from Oaligapaata, the Englishman, from Odessa, the Antipode,a from Madras, and the Apta, from the westwiard, alU fo, London-the Brlar, from Galpoll, for Rull-the Tallyhbo, from Shoreham, for the westward. Arrived and Anchored.-The Sir Ralph Aberoromble, for lIongkong, and the Moor of Venice, forrMalts, both from London-the Aurora, for Venioe, the Redport, for Bordeaux, and No. 3,918, third pendant, for the westward, all from Shields-tho Parthtnope, at anchor-the Sir Robert Peel, from Hamburg for New York. Several of the ontward-boandare puttng back. V3vs3rSs Sporxsc Wir hae ship Lizzle 11). of london, bound wrst, Dec. 17 off the Start The Morton Cas le, from Liverpool for Porto Oa6bio, Nov. 121 In lat. 20N,, long. 3iW. The Hampton, from Liverpoolfor Bahia, Nov. 21, In lat. 31 N., long. 29 W. The French steaso"r Lurge, wlth troops, baund east, Oot. 20, In lat. .The steamer Norman (euDposed), Nov. 10, 30 miles N.W. of Aeceetn.l. The 'revinde Wedel Bhix, from Shields for Naples, with loss of boats and deoks swept, Dec 1, off t. Vincent's. The Pure Anna, of Wantee Sfor Lefebre, Nov. S, in 1at. 5 N., long, 25 W. The Noowood, from Callao for Querentown, Cct. 31, In lat. 33 B., bong, 35 W. The French WhIp Canton Nov. 4 in lst. 23 B.. lorg. 35 W. The DstiG from the (4de for the Weet Indies, Nov.9,in last.24 The bhrk Pocahontas, from riverpool for Rhodea, Nov. 23, In lat. I6ON., long. 1lOB. HiGH WATER AT LOWDON.BRDRGl9ITHISIB DAY. Morning ., .. 4mnafter4 I Afternoon.. .. 3 mIn, aftr 5
FLOGGING IN THm Amy AxND NAVy.-Two returns, both moved for by Mr. W. William6s MP. for Lambeth, were ordered to be printed on the 8th and 12th Inst. The one shows that in the past year, 1856, the total number of rsons in the nAvy punlshed by agotellation amounted to 1,397; the total numbor of lmhes iflicted to 44,492; the highest numbir of lashes to 50, and the lowest number to L As regards the army, It appears that the total number of lashes inflicted in the year 1856 amounted to 2 751, which lashes were divided amongst 64 persons fgelated. The catalogue of offences in both services includes somne highly disgraceful offences. In the army one fellov (belonging to the 33d Foot) received 60 lashes Eor "disgraceful conduct," that "disgracefu conduct" consisting in an attempt to commit an usmatural crime. In the navy it is lamentable to observe the constant ocourrence ot such offences as "indecency," "theft" (or both together), "selling clothes," "desertion," " dirtiness," " lying and stealing," " drankenness," "disobedience", " disgusting language," and other of the baser kinds of crime. Two boys in tbe navy received 36 lashes for "smoking, contrary to orders,"
SALES BY AUCTIOiN. Sale Poftoneud-To Printers and othera. li R, HASLEHAM reapectfully notifies that the SALB, advertised by him to take piece at 7, Cierkenwelt gsee, this day. is Unavoidably DEPERRED to the 28th test. NottUng-bill, W.s, 2 and 3. Ladbroke-squase. 1. SWAIN has SOLD the above first-class PRIopEaTY. by Private Trealy. No. 2, to bh Le.-Anctlon and eate offices, the Lodge, Nottlng-httl. In Bankruptsy.-This Day.-tosk of a Shirchondler, Rotzerhithe. RB. 'YOUNG will SELL by AUCTION, by order .1.) of the Asoignee of John Peterson, at 44 and 45, Ru.ceslt TILS DAY, at 11, the whole ot the capital ISTOCK.-Officu, 32, Now Cburoh-street west, ldgeware-road. Vxneedee=4el Pledges, Wearing Attire, I0G new tfbhionablo iantles, and othcf mfects. ESSES. PRIEST and LAWRENCE will SELL b JJhy AUOTION, at their epaclous Rooms Upper St. hlartin'r-laue, To-morrow iTuesday). De., 22, at It for 12, a fargo AS2'SORv9&tHT of fashionablo WE tING GATTItII, pleo3 Ego, silks, lCo neov nontles, bed and table lin.en gu, and valatie effcats. Household Furninure and MiscellaneousProperty. 1ESSRS. PRIEST and LAIVRENCE will SELL LV.Lby AUOTION, at their apacious Rooms, Upper iii. Martia's. lane, on Wedneoday,Des 23,a 12 for i,HoUSEROLD FURNITUIPF comprisitg the usual reqWuietea for the dialog, drawing rooms, and bed room, china, glas, boo%s, and other efloets. Circulati g Library 1,0C0 ole. Fancy Statoserye Pornl nd ESSRSf A MOvNlDA lland SE,ILAUCTION,SELL AY. byAUCTON,at eLVitoein11-rod thimnlloo, t To-morrow,r b,st., at 12 f or 1, the above wem-elected an d modern iIBaRn,o , also stock of 49riting papersrenv. elopes valentines, etn fincy artleles, and the household furniture. On vIeso the mlacig ci sale, and catalogues eeady .-Anstton6eera office. 8, Ciancecy-laece. To il and Coloutr Mfen.-Early nad.-otockkin Trade,iutures,Dand Clearance Sale, by order of the proprietor relinqrnlshing thec Pre- 5RT. G.E. MAR TIN w i SELL by AUCTION, at , 's.2 founb-etreet. Lamtbeth. near tho e .e -eot. Tom1rw a t 11 foe 12 precisely, nearly 200 lots of the above lFIrE;or. On slewv thte morni9ng otf sale. Catalogues had on the premises; and, of the tsuc. In Bankrucptoy.-Nottice hi il.-fIouseirold Fosnitotrs, large Oil Paint- Ing, and Stock of a Furntfure Dcaler. 1./% e GEO. GOUJLDSIVIITi w9ill SELLI b y AtICMIL.TION, on the Premise, 1, 11gh-atrest, Nottfng41lil, on Wedneday, Decembe: 13, at 1l for 12 o'lock under a flat in Bankrnptcy a Oauatity of coleoelianeons lIOmiEItOL) FUBNiTURE for b,d ebamhers and sitting rooms,and variouseffecin. On view the da preceding and morning of sale. Cainlognies on tho crs,nisea of W A Emith, Faq.. solilctor, 90, flenbigh.street, Pinmibo' G.1 Granam ZEs., aiSsll easign6e, 2:, Coleman-street; and at tho auctlneer's offices, 3,Pont-treet, Belgrave-equar, and 24. Belgrave-road, Pim. Sale on Thursdaynext.-An lmamense Assemblage of capitol second- hand Furniture, Piccolo aud Cottage Pianofortes, a smalU quantity of Plate, Plated Articles, China, olase, l ca!es of Brandy, and nurserous Useful and Ornamenta Milseellanids. ESS.S, OXENHAfi will SELL by AUCTION, ,£v A at their Rooms, 353, Oxford-street, near the Pant,'onon snrrtday nex., at 11 for 12 punctulaUy, sa Immnense A SSEM-BOLi of capital second-hand FURNITURE, comprising Arablau, fonr-po4 and iron badeteads, with haugings and beddinloeomp!ete, wiged En Plain wardrobe3, dawere, wobetands, dreasing tables, o;* alniut. tree, rosewood, and; mahogan chairs, sofas, couches, and easy chars, suites of curtains, leo, card, ocoasinal,g sad sets of dining tablea, chimney classel, omnodes, cheffonlers, and cabinets, bookcaes, pcolo, cabinet, andotber oianos by eminent m^aker Brussels and othe r carpets, a srnall quantity of piaes in spoons and fo rk£s, pated ashsloev. china cand glass. 12 cares of brandy, the domestic requisItesl end effotst. May ho yiped.on Wedltiday and. niranl1g Mse, ani Nuralkare, Plate .7ewsllsq Illmtsated Bo-,ks. Wardrobe ot Weasrsg Ara ee ndblrlarseous Pmwoerty, by oirder Of &!he Zxecutor, of Uf OIeoios2lBaade, F HILLIPIS Ii instsucte to BELL by AUO- TION, PA his ayea R00or,Nz3ew Bond4ztrcrt, THISl DAYV, the a nt 1 ., atlrsde h FV2ZPUVE Of a guite ofechambers, somPt=ig diamasr window eUrtang, easy arid other obairs, jourp.p,s and cTag bedsteads, cheea of drawers, watbctandsn ohin maid glass Wa-e, eacet of Dlnt5 i,id plated ware, lwet1ery, ilutrated and other, hook, wardrobe of wesrng parl,linenz and a variety, of arborlla neOAFOspopet May beTviewedon`Laturday cxoedin h se n cabalogue. s at Mr. Phiirnpe, &a atnoys. p a h se Elegant Tuntr,hnsm Cbnt, Cra Piano~forte, by B&oadwood and otherna~Cres lse,Paelyr n Ed ect.s, removed from twof taon. In~ reidncs MR. PHILLIPSwill ELL by AUOTION, at his ~Peat Rooms New lBond-street, To morrow Dtcc.22 andfollow. da,at I preolsei eawh day, an assemblage Of bi5nd3eoe BURNT. "of miodern charater; oonsiatinig of rlc'r silk cuctatne for th,, windows ; richly carred walnut-wood furniture consisting of lo,. card, and occastioal tablles. and chairs, chimrney, pler, aud ooneole glasse., gimdols, beatiulA.xmtaster carpet-24ft: by lift 6, handsomce aeoratve nbietgandtables, clocks, candelabras and brone., toree mabogany sideboards-l-argenlate.glaia barbs, sets of dining tables of various dinlensions--one with oval erds 5ft 6 by 18f t. stoilet back A valuble Lie I Oai covered nvevt,bokass aridtabe. tal Cotie ndsole,and gasss desigy n tedimaony lntad TIoh oodNseu chnat n glawavs, ande-h miclaeosnfci, rb vieedrheday, J purecdn the Isal,adctlge atl oroock IFEps office and rooms. y,aa4 nan d A aluableen Life ntheorest onth Obuc f£4 4 rto peyet Conso hA le,o h landya Plicytnete Lf f ay mafR PHLIP v ntroe toSELbAC iN WEt~Po ay gn 2 nadt the sumoea£14267Xew Id Dalton Saville-place I at Garrakwl ofic, 1,New Bond-street. e3 ;anat r.Pilp'auin TrO el and othersm-Tho rem igSoc nTat of Mr conAlup, deesd IUR. LOUND WMSEL by AUCTION, liion the ITtPremises, 22, Ludgate-atreet, St. PanIl`, To-inorrow, loe. 22. at 12, in lotsrhy direction of the Executors of Mr. John Allo,,p. deceasd, tho remlainig BTODCK In TRADE, comprlieog dinner, tea eanad chamber ware, andznumerous items, Ma~ybe slowed. Catalogu6sbhad onthe premises; ofMetmsr.JamesandCuirti6s,olltctors, 22, Ey-place, Holborn; andofthe auctioneer, 60, Chancery-lane. Ospita Fixtures and Fittings, Gan Chandeliers. ankd Effects8 ILLOUN~Dwilll SELL by AUCTION, upoun the 22imie,A Ludga-to-street, St. Paul's, on Tri-eday, Deac 22, at 12. in lots, h direction of the Exe titers of Mr. John Allsup, de3easd. -FXTURB arid FITTInGS, comprising mahoganyi and glass show- k%cr'oo , ls tegleosmfhelven gat chanideliers, end brac3kets, couter,1~,10=e Belyinrg,air of' m%hogany arid glass door&. tables weighing inse6ine, and eolrre. May be viewed. Catalogues had on the zorernlses; of Meters. Jamesm and CutrtIs, soli:iltors, 2, Eli - place, Holborn: cand of the auctioneer, CO, Ciranrery-lane. MIIR J. C). STEVNS will SELLb AUCTION~ at blJhi Great Room. C8 Cu.sre,ovent-gasdeb, THIS D k~y, the 21s Dcemer a 12prcIsly te aocond and superior PORTION oif the POO, th fist ast of whieh wps. sold on the gilh mest. It will conis ofth chicstbits Of Esgiib And continental scenery arid grusoFi grnoenamsn hratrb h LCnonnierotheri l h i co eaindpiae unles so Ki pecltlgkl Aoe-ltoa chelcea colediLaoftreocoe, inl and oaklna Plands, togetheirps1mb side&n bores, a. phintsal to pargticulal elorigibleafor thestrandeard prosvatte buersre suiring, (bimmomac JaDonlo n terpat. May be viewed on Sautahedmrnn mofrsale,oarid cataoge at of ue. Ja. C tvn,3.Kn-dc oet garden. ~ ~ ~ glndrad neo Pin Coes,Sees, a. frm Clfrni, taner twoses,e bndouewthe t Roo, S,Kingstree, oE'rior-roard, Werk-.4e1CO~15atd SEDS,jus reelvdfron Clifrni, icluding C.;usreiso plans ofDarlriginin allonlc lof 560 Sadrde 3nross f heBp str sorts skirimie jaonit, and Jtepants, My be, viewedtsb onrtero mornng f sle nd at Ponusonyphad.Vflbn, et M,ASO, on ueOda, WJanuary 12, at th M arl, inthrle gle Ls. N Os.9 and10,reel,.satfredtsqunare,Ndwroad, onet oMr theOthr lt a £2i, edfr IS rears. at L salthe toutI hus. L ithmr Hunerstret Ne Kntread,clet at1£4; term 'Ad rents£6geach. Pertiilrr o Mesrs Lwisan SOn co7 es 7af-1&, WilcIut,tolon. (1e Clesenwll;endof he ucioneer, Finsbu ry. L.le e south, mln Valuable Leaeold Pr, optaerty jofithe gitBC eiutdn anbe Invotma"not Coryplany,w hproducing o an incme of £g80hv-er 1876c-B A lupst. M,sAtOe atth baMart Pong-UY Tueday January 12,inuglic bynOrde 12of A1dlt out17.ou&m, str13, 4Bl5,andfd eoqne-tre, ew-reD,%leBot&ato eer Thom-ne, alt £1 sd for 80e ateor. A neat small2 yence, Letym3er. arola, n oftineisni Mroducingd£16;tet 58 i yftk,s0,geroentd rejnt rooms,rdletatrent O aMenn.ig t LIP. Wslhd i;L olge,iSoutha.Wimptn. squeet. Caerkerwell Cofttae adjtoining Fand uryan oter I-ouses Vian. Es tate ( om Ploug h leyWa-, otey Hihe rot&,ree. Wrp inl:annel5 bkooae Comeu sreet,-Toaer biot, letdatt6 thelDu fori6nyar, W atp£3 ool Now on Vlew.-Furniture arid Effects -4, Oxford.tcrrace, Hyde-par_k. nELGOODI will SELL,, To-miorrow, at 12, JfiheflOUSEaOLD15RtJBITUERE;;Includn)g tbeuniaAlbe-room &rtlres,. drawing rcom suite of window curtains, pair of rosewood couches and 12 coiars, loo and other tablesandr cabinets, Brusgels carpets, handsomReecblnaney.elas s,antel otoAniento.fel,dero ard flre-ir.-ts, dining tables and pe4estal sidaboassi library dhairs,table and bed Ilinn plated articles, china nd glass domestic requisites, and other efcs sy order of the Hoecutora. May be viewed one day prior, anzd catalogues had: also or Mr. Elgood, 92, WIirole-strestt Bawrabrpts Siock,-Pianol'ortes. Hsrrinoi,lums, And other, Musica,l Imlttrurmento. ER.SCOTcHEIRwillSELL by AUCTION, at the the I.OM, 8eadenhall.street,-city. en WPAesl,eay. Dcc.23 at Ifore2,th entire STOCK in TRAME of a AMCSIOSEi?LLER, cornri,lleg 25 rtss'a13 flea-mad second-hand pianofortee, by Broadwood, ColIlard, Sbodarr, Broadbridge. and other eminent warkers, in elezaur talnuLt, ropewosd, and mabogry c.ases, baems- inms. concertinas, hO., a, quantity of modern music, by Julllen, Koenigt. c, ,MsY be viewed t~e cday prier mnd morning of sale. Cataogues 1luad at the rooms;- of W, 'Kerebaw. Esq,.. olicitor, WeIbaM; o'r of the auctioneer, 70. Ror11. maer-stree', Caven,llrh.touare. To Musaic Publiobers.-ThesImport.ant Co, reights. Platea,Band Litho. stores of popular conh,csitions, inolsdlng near!v the whole of the tYorks nf lhIM.i- J~lfen.llcenig, &e. 1I.rSSRS. FOSTER are dlrccced to SELL by AtC C Tv 'iOT, at the Gallery. 01,' Pall-mall, ITH IS DAY, Dea. 21,aria followinog day, At I precisely, the v-altuAble and very extengie 8re POK of COPYRIGHTITR pla'te,, And lithe-tones, t-e whole of the vocal ad inetramential caOatoeue of Messrs. Jullien arid Co., including upw5su-ij of 360 wob s arraged for full orchestra, iriuuary. and brass basis, As regards quantity and ponulas-ity of the works this Is perhpap the mcci trlaDartertt sale of musical copyrights that, has tsbn place foe many years, Catalogues wil be forwarded on ahpplication to Zmer4e Poster, Pd, ail-m,dll East Indab-rood. PoDlar.-Deslraole Longlfasehold Estate. 11ALSHAWKINS will SELL byV AUC-TION, %-,,at kamwals Cffeeoheuse.Cornbihlt, Te~ornorw,DscemberS22. at 12, In two lots by- oreer of the Admniniciratr;x of the l,Ate Mr. Beneain Jones, TWVO very enbatantl,l lrlot-bsi!t DWELLING FLO Sgs, Noa. 1 end 2. Chariinn-toerruce, East Iridia-road, Porilar~ lio.I lis let to a respectable tenant, at tho moderate rent of £13 per annum : No. 2 is now In hand, having beani lately tsr the occupatiori of the deceased ; held for au unexpired termr of tO ) sea, from 129th September lest, at a ground rent of £6 12'. mr annum each, Ta, be viewed, and particulars bed of Mr, Kernest, rolicitor, 2. Great Kniyghtrides-street. Dootorb'-commnons; the premi;e:a t .-rrnwvay's:I ann at the auctionesreF Ofiie. I, (treat Knightrlter,srrn-t, oetore',rommnons. On View.-Modern Furniture, Grand and other Pisnoforis,. Walnut Cabinets withi glass doors, 9a Pair of iruble ChImuey-glasses 72 by 43 eac, Stosk and Fittings of a Chymist7c Shop, light SLri-ng C~artuad Effects, 1~fR. ROBERT REID will SELL, at his Rooms, £71 Great O,tarlboronigh-streot, To-morrow, December the 2Id,, at It foe 12 o'clock precisely, m3odern tsr-tfNITIRElc comprising damuank window curtains e, seaof walnurt end rahoany ehbirs in' dainask and baircloth, oonches en suite, and easy chars to n3atoh, seven-feet mahogany sideboard, bookcases, oottineers, sets of telescope dining tables,llbrsry ditto, mahogany and rosewood Ico, card, occaalongl arid fancy ditto,cmnylas, tiroeels, Tarkiy, a-d other carpts, fenders and fire-Ironsr ashogany four-post, Arabian. japanned. French, and iron bedstteade, bedding, wardrobes, ochts of drawers, marble-top wathetands and dressing tables, bed room appeudases. and varionr effects. May be viewed, and rattlcugs hid. In B3n1tsUpt(y..y-Les o Inetet.Barhican, West Smithfield, Kent-road, arid FreodGrud renwich, and Wood-green, Crouch-end ESR.BARTON rind SON will SELL by AUC. M TO ZI,at Garrawny's, To-morrow. Dec. 22. at 12, in seven loin, hr crder of the Assignees of William~ Lamprell, a 'HOUSE and SIH0P, 10, Long-lane, Barbicani, and Ten Hocses. in the resx; a bmmlldem's yard. with r&tabaig, wcrkshore, good dwelling-hours, and offices, 91j, Long-lane, Barbican, sadrid larzoro azgeoOf building., caoper-ge, and stablivg in the rear, let on leao to 5Messrs. Staiue and Boord h orie and tbsp, 9.BarbIcan, md oCrevlincottagesa in the rear: a lesehld roprtyIn alihue-comeu C-d lent-road, antl 17 oailago; tosbpo ad to dtachd rttaes,a freehold plot of grrund In lanon-tret Geenich ard fur lot offreehold ditto at Woodgree. Couc-end alo alifepolcy or £16 n te Son Fire-office, Maybe iewd, nd astcuarshadat arrways;Of H. Broughtoni Ecq, sliito, alcn-quae Adesgae,tret.and of the sue- MESSRS.GOMME and BUYXIT Nbave received iVtinstructions from Capt. Clsmarts to SELL ha- ATJCrIoN- on the Promiees. I, Sussex Villa. Bridre-roa,l on Wedinesday, Dcc;ss 23. at 1 for 12 the HOUISEHOLD FURNITITRE rind ESFEC`gq.3 comprMsng naa6opany four-post bedstead, Iron and other ditto. faathor boet- binuloct2s, shetling, counterpaner. ch"sts of draw(,er, dressing. glasses, m3ahogany wash-stands, capital Brussels, tapeitr.-y and felt carpets, excellent reseweod drawing room suite in given damask, l-uo, card. dixning and coccasional tables, anOc tave pianoforte. ohfimuey glames arid clieffonlers, a valuable astrounomical telescope hy Gilbert, en mahogany iwivel st5nd, elidIcg focus, rods, &o.,, cieoeoerOy by Paschele, in manogany case, double carrel grin by Egig, In case, a capital Deane'dstix-cbamber revolver, intcoe, e.tw genuine o011IpaintIngs by bloued,matemaica intruent, wItig desks, enamelled blue and lavender dessert service, d'nner and tea lervIce2, glass rind chlna, stinr carpetungs and rods, oil-Cloth, ooao-fibre imatting, kitchen rEnqnufs[es In Iron,tits, copper, ha(.; five fowls, and other items. To be viswod lbs day ard f to actluree, ouseagets,s.c. W ecobsd H tous,roamway, Eliibl LsseoldEsate, cos tolllgssri-ros,Hurts-n Old-town, andHakevrod fr cccin crtan ely icomes aby the Adminis5teetrix of Mr. lassao Hobbs, deceased tm) SELL by AUCTOIO, at the Mart, opposite the Bank of Eniulanda, or Thsues. nay, Jan,?7, atI12 in four lots, a LEASERICLD PROPFRTy, conase.t Inp of a honn and shop, end four P-riate houses atud gardten,3. 24 tea 29, Prinee-street, Dtsinttoncetreet, ItiAstlard-rowat, produ.IngR £1625 is a year; terma 61j years; ground rent £15. Also two other Houses54 n 44,In hepare sret, producing £109 a per ger-nd rent £-, term elAiyears. Adetached Honees,a2dfave brlck.bntitTrensmnents, l~to--2, and leading therefrom into Xingaisnd roeAd Xroduclug £71 tos,k term 11lyears; ground rentLlg5, Adid aHoursran ShoP, end four ilouses aand Appurtenances, 6 to 0. John-street, Doverow, riear the (tlobe. Gold. smith's-row, Ea.crueyroad, producing £16 7e. Sd. a year. Te. bie viewed. Particulors on the reLsnesTvo prernloco altjo at the Marte; and of Alessr. Temple and Windsor, solicitiors; and Mesesrs Moore and TemplIe. anutto:_ecrs, 4, Bllomdidl-etreet, city. S3uperior modemn Furniture, Drawing rooM Suites in sOe,OMo and w&lnut, arand Piauoforte by l3roadwood, 0 Caibinet Piano in rise- w;ood ears,. Billiard Table b3i Wiloughby , CHinsGa,ca,uand decorative objects, wi th numerous effects, removed for the oonvenleure of siale. MESSRS. W. KING rind Co. WBIl SELL by AUC- M IN ttheir Roome, 164, OxfordEte0tte near Duke-',-ro(b, To-morrow, the 22d inat,, atl o'cdlock, the ruperior modern FUIINI. TURK, comprisling Arabian, four-post, and other bedsetads, it r=igs bedding complete, winged end plain wsrdirobca, drawelrts, W ds. drorsig tables, glasees, &o., tocewood. walnut, and mahogany chairs, sofas, couches, and easy chairs, loo. sod, ocoatlonal, and fancY tables, superer grnan Piano by Broadwood, 6 cottage piano in rorewooq case, chimney and Pier glasses, mideboar~ds. extenCdig dining tables, bookcases, suites of curtains, Brorrels arid other carpets, pairntig,egravings. decorative objectr. and ereemblago of tnseful misrel=ais.May beviewed Monday and messing ofsale. Cataloges had at the auction rooms. Prokham.-Hounebold Furniture, Pianoforte. and otberlEffoot-s. ljR.BIGGS willSBLL bYAUCTION,by order of the ,IJA,lAdinistrators of the late John Foarns. itrq.. on tho Premises, 4, Bsth-place, Queen'&rosd. Peckbarn fsoorer of tb.' Retreatl.on Wedne~day.r6Djeo. 51.st- 1l cost 12, all the capital uoLIiREEOLD FUlSNX. TURE and EF?EOTS which comprise clean feather beds. minatrerseit, and bedding, mahogany and other bedsteads, wakr5tobes. cherts of drawers, washstands, handsome toilet cables arid glase es, Brussels arid other carpets, fine-toned cabinlet pianoforte In handso,'e mahogany eas, a few Engravings, capital whatnrot, ok hall-chef re, eight day bracket cleck, barometer, bookcase, dining, leo. ando ter tables, tide. hoawds, chieffonler, sofas ret of dining roo'm chat", ewy choirs benod In leather, moncn curtains and cornices, chlimney.glaxwe in gilt and mPlei ae,dne n oltsrie,wt the usual kitcheai requi- sit., nd apial rewng tenils Ma beviewed the day prOslona andornnz f sle.Catloges o b ha atthe Dartcaouth A.Vmu' Throt-hll;the reyoun, iGeenidh Motague Arms, Queezs`eread; Bgemery ranch, outbampen.etret.I(eats~ro~~it lie F. Ooi11ns.0 b akrnPt.-Eouaebold Furniture, anmn esm", Rosod tag Piasfofed now 0%fqis,PFituin&~Lg; oit., Drellden acid Oblseim China OrnanamnA Dte oc,k MR. JAMES ROBINS will SEILL by AUOTION, atthe Zoorms, in Oovgt-sarders, PTHS DA,T at It for 12, by order of the Assignees HOUSEHfOLD iupNlurJEf.* larg ohlosm Oldta Fnd eelge Oohissof frsgures, q -.Ir,al edgwood' and Unlsh rnasmen ,tal rovelaiz advdnces,eand wit fhew oDneasof drawerse ofbi. LoGldmahtga ohaLITrp,ooal, tabsteco,ande.~o ascignee, Aldermanbury.dY nxt,333 AIJrSRS. WATROBUK wlBT b UCIN,a fLTIsrO V.nat PiaRoma,3 Brovetadwan, o eiesc et condiDion,23 atnd lottedtosuit pvthe pnroher.Thywl b ne oInte morPning ofeaio,atnd aoaml rich oF eahsr pndfr 10pecrtofnandgeWtlney Airlaufew lOin ofTines,Cgaryn LIqut teur.Calogue. of by o Abraleams a,,2.Betap)nol To WoLlend-apes Tailosecrs, and SOltosers. MAR. WALTER. BUYRTON Will SLELL by AUO. TIOX, at his Rooms, 3, Broadway, Ludgate-hllt, on Wodnesd-y da.Dec. 23 at II punctually the STOCK of a BWeLlnd Eller andWol leNDIIaper. ot conifing lof ric doench baerltVIoire. glard duoapm eets,ic brcae "andly,a lone robeso, Ienra drazerynoieyn 2i6 pdroz larne aine uy, bankets1. O viae r iew Tueads,yad cfaogm hat ,adcaeonsbd at the rooms, or by p oet on application. To ok n IoedApr Talr,adCohers. EIA. WLTE. BUMATwil SEL by A ledApe. onTIng of finercote, donteskinseo, heavr.cohcas tXMrosneo,vet, ao me voluaes o'clOOcKS,10 dozenliotel 25 di' wrinoandj bratind, mndernib cigrks. ofton view Tesay frdn 10 tos, andtrcatloge,hdenii atd isxroots, workbspoe on pplicatofmuion, Tod ock th d sutineecSd12, ithoclansand wtouhr.-2.dr OBlESRTS ad ROBY wAf]2SELL byl AELT,Oby £V..LAonTthe Pithoutsre7orvod on rhe Promises, neaea,TTo-lo-bow Pc.morrow, at ii500vlm.o O A. nldngEcoo (TesdlayB),tnn22, tI., tedition,moden work E of fito oage D AndR travebls, huristorica ofi and, usuraldesrpworks 2,00 pdoen of or audi ShrryO wiewth ada before. Mand mornwe teoing of osoaltloue, tond had ofushdo h pele6ado the aucttonors,r2, Bohopegce wihout MEarlgate.-Xlregt, R.gre,p rpr,FriueDaes D OBERTSiandirecBe tol SELL by AUCTION, onede) D xe.2,a i,th ToEmSILow Tusny PDe of, at o 2)R&Pho hueoD funture of heusaluedecIpon. six dozens i-x- os Pbortan herryine, ahindy eforts. mayt bes vlodiewerd~tmbrd theoonn fgb n ct saloguesIn halson th prn omis es, anitthautoneero'ug olios May b lRob,rcinectgood-coutBl cort. PToeleyuetroeer.-Tuoleyingwt Mathr_l il oHn the Wrmss omro,T edaynesda2-2 aet fo2, ati2 BULDN fo Mat teRIL o.audi houeet, plr.ituatwoa abote, TOcpreo DWhImne pl,aie,forNg oariLtiumber,land- the viewed themrnt e or lsaleCaalgueeotained t ofrhr oNewmatin' Raeq.,uarchtet and t oe Mr P ,autone, ToolGesb-mstrrc oeth rod merastl dara,-~sg eshl rao MR.H HIND wUIRSELL on Wtsrednebdy thet Ats2 Jforgnat th ELL Wtroo the re,m6oug asrt abopla.i To-lots,w TW WalhmkowLBy MOr.t W.3W1TINH ant3, cthumerlaosistmet, StreeInn,yWaltEarst -owr, ln et eat 1yi, Deach3 lase fr In8the eround ren In 2 lots,.e ec.Bial o ivsmn rOco.l Particulrpo,sictutopemines; ofe Dluc. The, losq. amw3b. Giain.stecy wUk nfreof theo Lanbrde Satithe auc tIonee' of tces highestand n-err t.VL lece to BLL.on te Prmise of above.r To-morroy Deceber2, te SOOK f aGENEAL ereaiBt contnestiu il co ase,iwty boxes,crsadtdis Sotehasvnd leatherPlauteandbocirsapato Maricen,hcoodxtr andl filling, two Pdirgon chStatos, an ounr mthesila- prmSeR; fBw. Edwards,IELD.Wavers Hal,BORNE arein.e. at a sthrufce s.2, Old Biecondsoftreet, t'Ween tUva o punytamso BELLby AMr. WO. B BTIGA at the Chd int-s adig,,oilut Treesn,day ssso, nWdnea, Dec.mb232, at 50 for 6 in monto th e ubro og lrgeEQatiyofLUD LI PLand,Taaptdfo buiTldg n compisin F6 alm purposes, rltatener thzielhurch. Theln wharewjithi an eas,2 walko Lea-britdgeStatIron, end coluno, of kthe higherst,n mos InstalmentU. be'aatstewhl tor an portit ofthe blance maybe paid oiefl atinytierbod, without dotiePas, and patrticulaers of sceMay be ob-we tainedaof Hr.TW. H, WhiRctatigam, watyh cbes of a the aBrietisandom CkidompheanuctimIters,140, PMoaoegatemtreet, orndonl tIcthein ntie. nEighbour(heoodlandsatth Splaeriof sale. aFuntuo b u n netoalway tcoinetBrsa Gand I'aoothv.Srte Plant oandTo Caterial, ora- MaldEn ILad, wll'brge andL bydno StaTIO ns, of the Preat Wesates-nthaiWay. n&Sm.onWdeia,Deebr2.a 17. witrout ed by the eleoator mofdhretWsernUNTV n Ralway Cpua gony to bleLL fe by AUCfe,et thu Gleoords tation, adisoI cartn, in Turesday, De cmber2,atl for wag oncstdyourntotum, funtumberoflos ae ens narow enee, oprwggentlemeb nds wArleso2 limbr, ard, sshes dere, nd ttersobeddiags, mseodry beveed fourday prvios, hes ataogus ue premha atth atbove hilatin an~~~~~~~~~~~ d of the autoees 0,Priaetstet o ol xh ngeer. 7 mental items, ais.ls,Zalam t. EELbYA wi SELo-mbyrAUCtIO22, onth2pe Per,otI vl, mteble WoodRILas, farow,h lt onbWedcefr loein Ho 3' ati& 1,wThout reeerke tuhem elegantoadunth a,oer d ~I'maises cluli at~ bigan tbes,iP2 eet by 4h faeetr sidebard, acomrhangus ex clnairs tin. borocc, bteasy chairsi, dnoor sbegr study furnitur, furemnitaure ofrabes roomifunitre,reries of andomechia, ut-lave,0 Iso., kitch morIngof ale an caaloueshadon heremses ath thmieinns at harrw, atfod, ushy, ad Hndon an 01the auctioneer, Sti, Woountc-ctretmmon.esort-sqae,Lndron.Hueol uiuevlal Pantifnlgs byaeterid als,tereban. lLR. NEWBURBEYwl BELL e reeie instructionsth to PnSELL THISDAUCIO, ToMorrow tht lldfor 12o'lc preisey,al thevalugableCONTIENTASofro thelat TLYHeodor ok' liela, h being requied te, Water Chwloanpar comprisng teceln fppirntm-t omfwthetdawingd glans, ofhlutwer d, wce'loosan ll'.tirgsl closets,copborsiterpos,Sovd cabndeane, o rldiron, edcoptper,pfreofodtlarbe shmeytseee ofsoldrcse-pmpoalag quiantyofld bonegriter, tile scudnn slaEtes, stenoatrzng,locks, andoaring;mendtalvrt owg usefu dminceomlaheon proerty On voiewoa, Camd louus ofhads nfthe preableesat thedpseatal eones in theOfneighborhod; andof theauct, ioneer, fitingh- kooelsicar-eomso, taenft.yiandro metaous.TeholdpFuniture,zvaluabe be Pme yasBintings watemdrmabers, fitnso. aladsar ~Rous fUeRMybe verd. wilalgSELLonby AUCTiOe,% onda the irloeaTshIS AT Deert. Ii M.atifo 12M 'clock recisely th leg'sU0ant n iete,I h countPSf ELLy ofOxford onearId the laets'a College, , . t Wolho'mmo.ckmpristhg ather ap:pointments (sbetto uch onditaionst,as brilliant-tned ctage pia-nofre), b set LL t olid Leasewood chairm,andsne, pe and Prhimney, room s ituheda Mansh ibdboak,an uonnte contist gofdiin susabtial, ped-boEstal ithldebo r l atte ofcairs and chral,cren.d alibany,3fittingso arableelandastmetrlapd elty idowlecufrtais heterappendaagesoftho bed hao etmbers, Idys semi-wingedhwardrobes iringt of hulland ftar. carle,then reausies for th eat sran' oDeces,l deaiyut, ton ilprovearm ute rofs efecW.Th, MaybeoviewGedrtClagto ven sthae p rnremies, angdiatth anollon niSces,Wa wlok.sonrt, ray's-inn,vWn, (subjct t suc condtion as ill b theSandtheepoduocehdNo), fart-hngalwthte roe,Mislli" enfrdoildn, e n bu 93lwx-h sorylesaof arabitueadpatr land; hemldonbluetlaseoforthe,tr 140iyears frointhean DbA Cf etmER, 1an SubN c to thELLyarysn AUTOf N,54 nthe fr ofL£15 Prmss. Theaoveoprop, ertI 2ell situatefur markeoft, ein welmdis taRNIT from iteroivemrles. ugontedchambcoeMbn.dWnsomeven,o L..yond -on t0 anla whn ieof th.adrue Lulo teatinOnthr e hb rtth-as zomesterIn ad ucsiewosmshiTredineo raic lwue ay. F ormrntdprtisruaretand1 carondithions,osl appdyt-o oouhn Appletond, coff-ee, i;tr 20, adfac tes Cly-is,amizbers, andlhopegfgcatcsreet, Londonw-atno itv. Win. Tuer. autinee and eslate egrand oramnta ussen,hn 104ck, Hi ;dllgh-root, diorouh London; ad wtdito . Jeeaoormes Kinig,auctioneer, Winlow, Buctkns. Ylbin Norlonal Voue, MSaille-o-hill,lHendon,modfeme- vuniuer ciegucyt Flurntue, P ricnttured,Semi-cabinetPiannoforte,aitigs Woriunt, an v?alube Tedlt an aSndwevllgaSeLLh brry AoCTIn,ofie on tbe giPremess. To-oPitrrsuw, Dec.i22 at 2 batheulwhole(ofnth wll-goscae) ofRIT'aE tdo.a-omprisinghoner thnbd chambous, MhceanwuseItaho- gEnyfur-rtAaSis RU FWrTnHand ir ARVeesIS with iSEhLgigs M anysh ushoaN, awInged,mandRoothrwa,omrriowes cheat fdraw)ers, r22m suitein rmodewon coRNIeREdi corich inguredramask comrising aoo tabet o 2 audl chavirsnaditow curtainsleofard, offehe,sufa hAantdulfancy dtabl es lnhelhaannd omlouning chairs, Onwlit tomansrowhd,atnot,thre-te ghinycabinta ndwt plate-gluesback,daomas coimdew inrkinsw, cbmeautfu chiassnd inlans frams,cTanorna,rments, Frenhdotbrckras as, do, diingroo and lfbroryhrns. re in matorned, bookcase id platorto-glas panels, dtto sD]cuerds b dfreitto V tolesapo Cfrd ameinin banrt,sd ether Abls, thars, mcant,fedonders ndmerons, bilinte plateD u chimney-laneor,satemtday tlecs chnina, ro tche and culaast finary atile, o,biayisv viewedo the dy pror. atalgues(Sd,eah badon to premiesandg o thbe. 1~1 auctioneers, Kilbudurn.ti glzedan of a lsre-mustd Scooner andnumeous-Miscellandous btems, pslnclpll~remved frm privte rosdenees by - RUSHWORTH an JARVIS wiffeSEL AUTIN,atthirgratRom T-mrrw Tnedy) Dc Kent.-Y&Vairale, preehold Farm;, LAnds, and Woodlands, at Halling, Rendoor, Boughton, Falherbo, and Sunardel, TM,ESSRS. COBB have recelved instructions from BllA Ithe FroPPdelur to offer- fair SAL by pobiio AUCTION, at the DeiIn, islldtone, On Thursday, Dcoember 14, at 2 for I in, the pfrtivamte cono-trat,~) thneufo'llowtrifngI (twitEh otheer! rvealuouab3le dl5tt;;EEgoLlia FARMS and LANDS :-Lol 2. Two Cottages, with gzarden, erchard, and erable field, In Upper Hailing, in the parish of Railing, fronting the higihway fromn Wrotham to Rtocherter, cotaining iU, 2r. l7p., let the Rev, James Formby. as a yeairl tenant. on",, The whole of this lot coneists of Hailing chalk of the beet quality. ote 9, A Bars, Buildings, and F"arm salted Shiroway Farm. ocontaIning, with balf road, 4ia. Or. 2g., in the parishes of Headoorn and Boughton l5laiherbo,. adjoining the road from Hoadocen to Eoughton Isialherbs, let to Mr. Benjansin Offen, ass yearly tenant The timber, down to Is. a atick, to be takon by the purcaslaer by valutation. Let 10. A l5rrrm-house. Boarn BnUidings, and Farm, acalled Mao-Icy Farm, contaInintg, with half road, OSa. Sr. 22jm,, In the pariah of ismarden, adolning the road from Smarden lo Hoadoorn, lot to MIr. Benjamin OHes, as a yely tenlant. The thimber, down to lis. stick, to be, t'ken by the purcbeszr by valuation. The several lots mnay be viewed on application to the tenlant;, bailifs, and woodreves andl lens thereof m3ay be seen at tho slice ot Meesrs'. Beale and Hear. Prite pertiounrrni oniin of sale mnay be had b nal or writtenl upliatioa~nd toondiia Dolr and Hoar solicitors, Medstone or Mesrs a, nd It. L. Cobb, smmeorsanAlsssd agents, 1&,Lipcolu'a'inn-flolds, tenSor, auldRoclhesteror by application at the Bell Inn Maidstons, the placw of sale. City.-Eiegfant and well-made Furnitulre, including two brUllant-toned fl-ctae Cttae Panoorts, ithmellli plates, a superb and riclyLaLe WyAiuCIwoed Brein Room Su8uite,tw adbeautfulm New' Wantreetolt Caoinotrrod Trabls),De. ensute coat l 2,rtheler Cho,vimtey-lofty Chtinsa t SviceatPoofPit, aans Set cvof fou, magnifcent and oeiohly tables, Vbegfnetsable dwishesaV andCoer, alvrs Eportons, two, brlinumtoerou valubl Efeyrlcts,t porico by trpesry ofthe anoucehei ~j . EWS eg t iatiste t AUCION at59 Quen-hrat,tndorfta e Canonstee ctyTo-orow(Tesay Dc. 2,ato2 teAer Valuable leave, Oheacemongesse rIxtures and Ulempilii, 161, adgo Aagat-tet nd 11, Slckla, HPSpIa dIe-Abiaolute 5514 , It4e ltR. PETER BROAD will BELL by AUOTIONX' LY.on the W.aove Premises, TaHS D&Y, December 21st., at 21un1ge otdof by priviate heats' the sozfiero FEIXTUJIE abEl a 4 aos Te TWO CR3J I1lOXGEX'fi SaoPs oi. Rcapital oDunWPter helving scales, imabnMwef4ht&betW a.held at the low retal of £32 per annuma. On view the smcwnssaci Uale. Ctalogune on the psemises: or of the auetllftwa, 28 Pesilky. linst-cumsOdWIe o 1I~PETR ROA I Intrcte to SELL b LtLA OrIN attheMas, ~witetheBankof Ragland, THIS DAYDe 21 a 1~ amatre STCKof hoceWIIIES he, eoaist. or.c x,enod20 donat.-chbceolduan Sae ry ueiorde PofTrsteoaemans at the autinert tppo da ror toe miale.o CatMal ouesa tWedMa O December 23, at 12, witbout reserve, in two lots, PORwl-bul HOUSES. In Burllngtsni-road, Fuahiham ar,d four Howme itwo with shopse. aituate InI the Hs-iet Fuihace Producing £1e2 lb peg 2n. abviewied by permnlWonoft'e respectIvetenants. Pa.- ?tiolr of Meris, Walter and Sees, solieitors, 16, BaslugbaU.stret-, of Mr. Pitmnan, builder. Faiham; at the N t Mar o M..e Broad, auctioneer, 18, Poultry, London. OrO .Per Be Carr.-Leassehold ieae iteAbn-tetnrh lgsj beniefIcialLesase of PeIe.11 ihpgt.tetad oiyo Aseaurnene for thesuof£t-beneSaebdrcinofh. Assignees B . PETR BROAD WMl BELL by AUCTION at the M-art, on Wednesday, Deo.23,at 12, in t-ree lots,i. LEAdi. HiOLD HOUSBE, 4, Little Albany-street north, IBes-et's-park tho interet In a heniefle aI lease of oomznanding Premises i0lB-chpsg-ate. street ad a policy of assurane for the sum of £500 on the life of a lady tenher 43 year. The premIses may be viewed. Yartlouns.s amdi condition of sales, of P. Johnson, get., Official Assignee, 10, BasIng hall-street;ofC. B. Toague, Egq.,6, CrowsGoaurt, bespidte; and of the apiotloneer. 28. P'oistry. PreeididBuiling iots -Cashaton, Brrry,an Abbey~--wod, e -Valuabe Freehld Buiding Ln for Absolute Sae. lI~R. ETE BRADwif BELL by AUOTION,5 LTJat th Mact on Wednesday December23, at Itwithout resew, In tbree lots, TWO valuable PU~T8 of FREEHIOLD BUILDING. LAND, pleasuntly situate ab Carslraltao, close to the railway ststion,, anda valuable plot otfreehold land situtate atAbbey-wood, Kent,also- Maybhe viewed. Particulars at the Rlailway Ho0tel, Abbey-wood ; at ofiIes 28, Poultry. To Tallw teliss and Chindle -a:-o 77, 7-8, -and 79, 11bsre, Sbadwell.-Valuablie Lesses of extensive Pe'zmises iand,H anW 0 T'allow Chasndler and Medlter.-Abrolnte Bale, by dirscotls of the Trusinea of Mir. TewelL. R% . PETER BROAD will BELL by AUTOION' -tY at the Mart, con Wednesday, Dec 23, at 12, In one lot, the BRNEprouIgL INTEREST In the LEASE of those spacious and cns.a modious PREMISEs, Noo. 77. 78, and l9, Bighi-stroet, Shadwell, ana Two Hounes In the rear, hold f-,r long' termis at nominal rentals, loge.. ther with the valuable plant and lixtures of a tallow chandler and melter. Mair be viewed. Particulars of Mesm, Reed, Laugford ana Marsden, solIcitors, 59, FrIday-streetk LheatWede; of Mr. Hllton6 orres, Alcook and Go., Thanes-street; at the Nart; and. 01 ihe ann. tloneer, 28, Poultry. tags Pinfot fiarvretesit. Cabinets,nrinegallons Varn" &o. EESS ]5BBNHASL STORE., and SO1 Wml ALSERL, at their Itocizk IKing-street, CUrsnt-gaedoEEpS DAYDec. I1. at I1, BRtOADOL,OTUS, bock and doe skins stlke, velvet;, satins, matinetter, and other piece goods, tcmbrelas-, eable and erini( MUffMgn=an pistols, over ooste, droesa coats, waisoutoat s,hawls, mantles,dess and other attlie cutle,y, 10 rmmni of papor, ko. On, view. struc2, t i,Gonsfrmh WATCHies, toa andLcoffe ACTIONe, oathear butsbats,andlesik, T ooms and fo. 21e, a cet Ifof th reaised lat, a4un. to one lth , aumberioflntbso, ah bxtriiant and en fe braOLF iALond Gtude,RSol hi an d OGGTher vincaluditems.gOn Loie w.ln Insanokrnplby. llevt 0 Sclb.inumgerad-, 2 an 10. mie hale,10lb. nreet, 40l tosi Wholesale Groces to uns laoms, 35 Owt.ers, %? Pfrsicnes gs abov, THlb.SolDAz , Dlec. 21l, ot 11o feer 1.20prele.nlyon acountbaie the numbteaar of lotm tyrh. extenvivt EsPOt If WHOLE. sapa 0 Clob.loveso, 1 00 lb omg,2lb. b.aK n mIxed spice 100 lb. emae.bu 100 lb. brown paDer, 20 cwt. starch, 26 halfcete sUalad oil, &ogthead machine oil, 2,,00 canes, lEO sackis and bags drone, So. ; also a vaid-. able curt horse, superior town van neatly new, trade fixtones, uitenails, excelentmahganyoootlnghous Otints a hubb's S ft. Stren cafe, eIgh-da dils y Honet, nd the vauabe e-ffect,,. On view da - ~rlo cu monin ofsal. Ctalsun ha onthe premise,, ; of H. B offiialassgne, Bsiahal-neest ofMesrs.J. andE 3. . Lnt ate' ad Hckwod soiciors Sie-lne;ofW. Ra%yner, By Order of the Mtortgagee. -Valuable Dommemscil Premises. M,ESSRS. GREEN and SON will I3ELL by AUCO. TIP.o the Premice3, To-morrow, Dec 20, at I for 2 the valuable LEASEB of thoze noble L'LUSrNEOS PitEydIES, A2, IlrMtfr Jasces-elstst, Bedford row, held at the extrarnel-y low renit of £48 peaannm, utmonbe aily e etlnstd t ralize £120 per isnnum. Thee vluale reise wil, t n epeced,horequired for theositu of thenewProogtie Cort ndthenewsteet when the purchater wil reclv a eryliera cepenstin. aybe viewed. PartIculwaa had n te pemt.s; f -Mill, Eo~,solcitor, Brunswick-place, Cit-rod, cdof he uctoners St Mihal'sbo Ie.Si. Mcichals. ndra Deed ot Aessgnment.-Vala ,ble Stock In Tfr&le of aus Up' holsterr. MitESSRS. GREEN and SON (lato of IS Hntton. .YEgarden.) In conjuncotion with Mr. El)WD. LVMNLIS illW ShELL by AUC TION. on the PhemoIes, 42, Great JameE-sitreet b4ciftard-row. To-morrow, Dec. 12, at It for 12. by ceder of the irurtes s uder a deed of nslignimeDt for sire berefit of the orodlto,tO Vill mreHnnufactured S3TOCK of UPHOLSTERY ooroprieing a vest Assemblage aE furniture for-the drawing, dining.andisitting roomns, in Rtsote0 mabogany, walnut, rmawood. and oth1er cbairs, sofas, easy chairs,, cauchee, moahoganyand rosewood. leo. caird, Pembroke, coffee, wo-rk, a-nd othier tables, pedestal sideboard, dinner woaggons, whactota, set., of mahoMay dining tables, line plate chImney-gleane, roeewood and mahogray cheffonlers, rarqUeteTie cabinets, a sweet-toned 6Ol-onave cabin3et Pianoforte In wainut-wood wcar, ece'a al drooso nclocksand4 bronzes; also tho well-mrade oberober furi,iture, 0comprising three wR=drobes,% cheers of drawer.ere. aIble-top waA~stands, drc-Lrig tables and glasses, towel horse, bidetr. And isrotul requlviles ; a few lots ot capitol new and isecond-hanidofficei and library furniture, t,ogether with the unmanufa.ctuned rtocb,:office tttln--,andrnumerous 3effects May be viewed day prior andI ofrin 0 te, a"nd cat,log~ue land o et.I W. Ricu. sq., soleictor 13 TIearord row,- on the Fremlees: of Mr. EV,Adwd.Lumici', 67, dhan'cry-larne; ata Messrs. GrEen and SonsOffices St. Michael's House, St. Mlchaele-atey. Cornuh L, 100 on,crs 15 bes ofFir Irms,andtwodozen TUmbralla-stands ill . TZERwrn ELLby UCTION, at 13, LTJ ree-lae, Ldgae h I, n Wdnedayevaning. Da- 2,'Aat 1, thefoiorig TOK;cosisin o 20 ener',15 srtt ofOL-c-imoo of vslos paters an sies, astIronumbeliaalads, reve-.ral gas stovs, nd fe loi ofumfl frnltrr.On ew.and c;,taioguea To Whesiws-ights and Smiiths. R. HA,TCPLHNwill.SELL by AUCTION, in the J~YLPremises, oKe enI-paevi. Deoth-wh riVna. 'aldnto on Wrl ely,-h ttinesd y,De.3 andt123precAselg thellon f untr- ssreviaously.ft A basedo byd orIva Ite eny Sheiig irAg andTRES, ircularene and ta o?a, lof lu WdEELa RIOHI'e banire IH' SHOP,et flo toethe rd.with ten goodwill nvof te Onines. t M 6 n ctlge ay be v dth onigo ale, ond athe;oprehDrad 1 h anoftAuctioneer'ofie, 1, SbutanIcy-pace,r&Psdintern near-rse NayRa.-BAyCHOBS inl OT,atLL b iy ArmCHtIO l, tHerfx onTuPrmies, on Wtnee6hday, Deemf J 1u3, , at Iprclanly.Sh ET VE NTAEen HOUN SED OLd F?IFNTY E OAc..iotbMr. Sohl Treti, ring rom horenidos Tiae oack, ot grioatsie etrlorinwool slanthoes, and toms.amlong qu hety furnige =d are mahopany Asreabiang lidmothe bede s diningar , dnhjrtraiing,oveand cicular loakce, lunginegm 5candidalwhug-sot hair, Timbetr, Ilson h the d kiwm tteh, enrsU-itest - fOn vierywionthdola, he ll cand cataof or li syv e nmtwhadf on thepomaises;and andIm alucztIner, C. lspter-milsmero, Pternoster-rowSat.r onavye Sbrew-hny B and SlreordRa, wy at h ity ArxmsHoel,f eromteford, m wom esay.thlogues day of Jad uar,lso S at th pa o'tlock. :u EV ENobHUNDWroEr. n IT OkTme lengh, d runqualEdvquaity,larte and 't heav os mintde. nrnd iMbeS dhevybSh, wJhONES -ni grad B N And cowicelal S eELLmb 6captal ash ' and ther Timer, Ron t eflentr -tre tanwed rltsato ferdeltr, witmorrowEvnhlg carrag of tv mle t wharfs on the lprst TC oftherlaeford,rEdWoatd Williars wourdiman, cisrn reowill=showtheleusaac 1wo caOTao gusmyb.a;as ttepaeo ae n To-meorro Eveninge nex, atington-uthe, mrinute u. M.ESSRS. JONES and IBONHAM il SEn by+me- s-to EL b AUTIOh N greathe Psrs.Llem ritreet a abud PrIoeo- row. Dec. 22, at 12, all the capital a-nd isuperior HOVSE (IOLD FrU'. NITURE and EFFECTS, in Mahogany fonr-poct and Arabi=n bedMonds,,superior beds and beddiur, marble top waebstanda and dressirS tables, two wlsged wardrobes by Soel, ceaets of drawers. cbaval glasses. and Grecetlug de,, drawing-roam roeewuod sualto In tabaret. miIs-glace cbEffonlera, whointote, l1w, card, and cocasIonal tables, ful smrpmen pianoforte, or-moanin clock, vases, orrament3,1dining-room furniture In extudig inig tbls, etsofchars,coches,and e sny cbnas. sidboad, wo hanelies,large ohimuney glasses. bandomer-ucla nd ohercarpts,librry able, hookc" ase hl filngs wadrbe f tbl an be lnenchis,glass plated wwe~, and trecdin an da ofsal; ad ctalguc onthe promiosc, and ettme: Auction Rooms, 19. IMarleb:ne-strree een'-uaias.. moscow Evening (Tuezday), lDec, 22, i%t Ih-past6, otpital Hounuhoidid Funiuturo and Effects. removed from various nslvate residercee ~JFESRS W.and . 0 BOHAMwill SELL by jYL UCTON,at hei lage oom, a abve.To-mrro-ow Evening: iTnedyl Dc.22 suerorHOSIiILDFURNITURE and varios RPERTY farthe dnIngand rawn roams, parlours. boil advrtiemet. foSes-InnoneqosreofChrIstmas-day.lMsewrs,, Bosbm w ll hiswee Sel o Thrsdy Eentg instead of01Fr day. No 4 aker-street. Portmean-square.-Caphal nouseolnd Frunitare and Efeces, on Wedneeday, c. D 21. at lIfer I prcisely, MESSRS. W. and F. C. BONHAMil have reeeivedI iLIsrstoss frmMr ouchl tlo SELL, hy AU0XIO'Nar, 0.t c-recsses,as a oue on edrnesday. Dee. 53. at 12 for I. Uso whole of thElcaplital HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and IIFPCE5 ponsistivEg of nshopany,iron need, Arabian, fn rnhbdtM,f-te bef. bankts.captalines, thecta ot drawers mahogany nmsrbMete and japannod wseh,btands, toilet and cboval glasses, large Brusses n Kldsferrelnscer carpets and rugs, fenders, Rsup-erior walnut wood drawlng rooast of funlitnre,and.lieffonler with plate-glassbaek anddoors, looltable. whahtnot, work and oocasional tables, fancy ditto, six chairs, lounge, and two easy chairs in green velvet, chimney glause,% glossdoles, curtains, a Ci rocewood cottage pisseforte, napital maboganip dining room famuiture in morocco, set of dining tablesi. eldebsard, shed euler, a 10-ft. mnahogany-top coitmer, a quautity of roeewo .d car and bonnet s;tdads capital table glass, cutler, plated Items, onine mente, mahogany gleaze shoowoaec glans sabdes and daetans,uad numerous misoellaneons requisites. On view Tuesday an A Wednoaidap till timeo Of sale. Oatslogne may be hb6d on the promiese: and of the aurtisneers, 19, Maxylebono-mtraeet ltegent'l-quadraut. To Noblemaen, Genilomen, and Collectors of fon Pisturo:s. R. GARCIA will SELL by AUCTION, at the, YL JGallery, No. 87, Quvadat, RetzenWt-re-et, To-morrow (Teesdayl. Dec. 22 and following day. at I, TWO emall COLLECTIONS of CABINLhT PAIN TIGBS; mmong which wvill be found an undoubted Work lby J. M. W. Turner HA.,; the Adoration. Barthamn F light Into 92gpt% Zusharelil; Shipping,W. Vanidamslde; and speolmons bp the following moetrs S. CDome, R,.A, Pritchard Lance, R,A. Peirry Eckhout I'no, R.4. Shayer mernis, &o, On view. Catalogues at the gallery, 87, Quadrant. Roeuet-atreet, Mdodemn Household Furniture Semi-grand and a Soua-s ditto Plane-. forlo, with metallic plate, by 'Broodwoeds, and Efects, removed fronz Chapel-place, South Audleoy-etreet. R.R E. THOMIAS will SELL bv AUCTION, at his ML GallerY,1. Le iteter'EQUrar), THIS I-VENING, Dea. 212at 0, HOUSEHIOLD FURNITURE; compriatoig largze chimney and pDier alars, apetry nd the lirses crpes, tatiowo . obers th noe Gea endeas chlxslaocssl, nd anc tales chIoclouie k oit plae-glac bac, mhoanychars diin tales sdebrd, EIbrmytabe,ebokmat, ion nd ahoanyAraianandParsia besoeds,m Threes
