DEATHS. On or about the 1Bth June n at, kiled by the mutinoev In tho neIghbourhood of llutneorcour, H. W. 1'roviuecs Themes kiRknan L,o)d, Esq., of the IleugAl Civil Service, Magistrate and CollectwortO thej Destrict. On the 27th inst., at &ithorp, Earl Bpenoao. On the 29th ult,, In Upper Canada, Alfred Duff, lEq., R.N., aged 24. On theo 13th inst., at Oxford, Anna Magria, wife of the Rtev. Renmy A teOy, curAte of St. arYtheoVirgin, In that city. On the 17th Int., at Sheppeston, Ann, daughter of the Iste John Russell Mg., B.A.. aged Ill. On the 1lth Jnt., Sir AIexander Dixie, Bart., of Boaworth Park. On the 10th inst. at 8unmeor-hlll Dublin, In her 78th Year. Frances, relict of John B. d,oke. Eq., IOlcitor, and daughter Pt the late Capt. Nioholas Betison, Co. Carlow, Ireland. On Sunday, the 20th inst., at the rectory. Nortbhorough, Barah Ann.. the beloved wi*e of the Rev. W. A. Wiete, and fourth' daughter ot Joceph Ander4on. Esq., of 7, Cleveland-equare. elyde-park. On the '.ith inst., Robert Bridge, Kaq., LYeton Hai Cum-beoland. aged 63. On the 21ct inst., it his Tedsdence Canterbury, atter a lingering il. ness. Mr. Henry Wasd, proprietor oi the Kentish CGazette, aged 66. On Monday, the 21st iast., In Broad-street, Oxford. Mary Harlott, widow of the lato Bight Rev. Chalrl LIoyd, D.D., Lord Blulsop of Oxford. On the 22d inst. at Claydon, near Ipewioh, Lleut..General Kirby, Royal ArtWlezy, in bla 76th year. On the 23d inst., at Nlobeeter, Willian Good, Ecq.. In the 97th yoar of hMs age. Ona the 2d best at 14 Claphssn.rise, In the 07th year of her age. Charlotte Ellzabet1, wite ot N, IL Ward, RAq. On the 234 loot, to London, of bronchitis, Anne Plemberton, widow of tl-e Inte Rtev. Aholto F. einberton, of the Bomnbay Establiehrnent, and daughter ef the late T. Caftin, Foq., of Bristel. On the 24th inst., at York House, Oheltenharn, in the 53d year of hig age, Mr. Willam BShaokle ford, fuormerly of Oxford. On the 24th Inst., at Bruns-eickbuildinmgs. Weymnouth. John Mead Xeq., aged 84 late Storekeeper and Paymaster Or ar. M.Ie Ordnanoe, on the 2t Is. at Corfus, attar a lingering and painful Illnesi4 Sarah Eleanor, third daughter of W. O. Wentworth, Req., of Australi, In the 214 seau of her age. On the 24th inst., at the Pelhasi BMth Hateings, of paralysis, Io the 76th year of her age, Matha, rellt of the ate Robert thaother. On the 25th inst, at the Pavilion Hotel, Folkestone, George Tanrd Eesq., of Portmhnax-sceuace. s ondn, andl Eat Oowehe Catle, I. e orf On the 24th loot., at 6, Nw-tervace, Camnberwell-hsE0n. of conuzamr Hon. Emma Smith, fourth and last surviving daughter or the late Mr. AiLoard SminPth, of the Stamzp-office in her 28th year, On the 25th lnst. at Eirkd le Lodge, Sydenhmas, the beloved wife of Ur. Edward Saledell, aged 25 B + ho the26th Inst., at 31, 8ipsIng-gardens, after a yory short ilner. T1homasa Tooke, Jun., Egg., aged 47. On the 25th Inst., at the Friory, HIgh Wycormbe, Bucks, John Stacey, Esq., in the 77th year (f his age. On the 25th inst.. at W7hulerch, Salop Anne, Watson, the widow oDt Ed. Bomes Watton. eQ., R.N., late W Low Hall, Salop, andL L. sngeton, hlante, to her 24th year. On the 25th but,, at Oxford, Mary, widow of the late T. Enworth. Reg., to the 78th year of her age. On the 25th bst,, to the 534 year of her age Sopbla Erydges Booth widow of the lte Wmi . Boo,tg-h - F . at mbridgedtere andr10 On the 25th Inst., rt N orbing, Surrey, to his 85th Year, James On tbe 20th Inst.. _nttonn-on.th Reine, rrusila. MarcosrAdolphe). bookseller and publishor, in his 05th sear, dearly beloved by his wife. children, grmsdehUidron, and urdversally esteemed by.his namerous friends. On the 25th toot., of apoplexy, st the residence of his brother, PeosC Villa. Ciapharn-road, Willam George Wattis, Esq , aged 59, of York. pljace, Cambherwell New-roaei and late of Bermuondsey. On Christmas-day, at Brighton, Sidnley Maitland, the Infant son of Sidney Gurney, Esq. aged three month%. On the 25th lust., at St. Leonard's.on-liea, the Ron. AuRusta Mande, youngest daughter of tbo late Viscount Hawurden, aced 27. On tho 20th bcst, at 12, UPper Hlarley-treet, Elizabeth Anne, the wife of she Rev. J. W. Reeve, In her 35s1 year. On the 26th loot., ait Mfay Cottage, 8fdmouth. Stttart, foturth and last surviving beloved son of Mme Richards, Bridge-house, Tiverton, an.2 the laite Charles RichardIs, REq., age 17. On the 20th inst.. at Barking, Rmesx, aged Si, Ann, the wife of Mr. VV. F. Whitbooon. On the 20th Inst., at Tapley. Blahop steigutea, Devon, Willian Rickards, REsq., In his 20thyear, On the 26th Indt., at Chipping Ongpr. Essex, Mr. Philip Haines aged 75, many years an inbabitan ot tSrewer-street, Golden-equace. On tho 20th Inst aged 71 Kerry, the beloved sand affectionatea wife of Hlenry Peyro, *5g, of the Rnssian Consulate aeneral, and of No. 224, Huston-road, enocerely regretted by al who knew her. On the 26th last., at 55. Tashbrook-street, Pimlico, MSr. Carwlar hDooker, aged 73. formerly of Great Obammel-atrseel WestmInstaer. On Satimrday, the 26th inist., at Hambhrook Villa. Chamlton Rings, near Oheltenham, aged 74. Lucy, the widow of Thiomas Augustus Gale. Eat. On the 20th tort., at Beowles, Suffolk, mnuch regrt-tted, Harriet, the last surviving daughter ot the R6ev. Edward Sharpla, late of Swaffihan, On Sunday mornin , the 27th Inst., at rimliro, Alioo Sarkyie, th5 beloved and only chll of I. S. 12oleswortir, Req., aged S years and 10 months. On the 27th Inst., at Norwoofl, Surrey, Miss Hannah Moore, age 55 On Sunday, the 27th Inst., at 21, C,raeeent, Elghbury, Bari, the ha. Oved wife of Benjamiln Smith, Req.
IMRLAND. (FROM OU OWN OORRZMXPOlDXNT. ) DUBLIN, MONDAT 3oinmec. MEAYO ELECTION. The nomination is fixed for Wednesday, and already due precautions have been taken by the authorities to prevent any rioting or breaches of the peaoe. Several troops of dragoons were deepatched last week from Newbridge to Castlebar, and the constabulary force have received lrge additions from the neighbouring counties. Meanwhile there Xs, happily, but little likelihood of their services being required, as from preeent appearances the prooeedin3g prombe to De of a very summr nature, Lord John Browne has at this the 11 hour no oompetitor, so that his election will follow the nomination, and the whole affir be settled withixn an hour's time. TIHE PATE OF DISCOUNT. On Saturday the Bank of Ireland, following the course of the Bank of England, made a reduction of 2 per cent, in their charges for diecount. The rates are now as follows :-For English and Irish bills, 8 pee cent. per annum; for Scotch bills, 8 per cent. per annum, together writh a charge of 2s. 6d. per cent.; for loans on the security of Government or Bank Stock, S per cent. English and Scotch bills having less than aix dysy to run are taken at a chrge of 2.. ffd. per cent, in lieu of discount. It Is understood that some considerable amounts in sovereigns have been sent from this to London within the tfew days. BANITRIG ACCoSIMODATION IN BELFAST. The following statement is condensed from the Northern Whi9 of Saturday:- "At a meeting of the Bank of England direotors, on Thursday, the rate of discount wss reduced to 8 per cent. It will be some time, however, before Belfass people rill eMoy the affect of this timely relaxation. Ioubtless, the Board of Trade return, published in our paper to&y, opted powerfully in bringing the direto to their resolve. It will be seen tt the exports of linen, which repreeut the trade of thX provinoe of Ulster ad Dundee, have fallen off to an OrmonsU extent, There Is a general impresdon that sa money is now ciroulatinag aign we shall have 7 or 6 per cent, discounts in a few weeks; and oar belief Is that trase wrll soon raly. The Belfast banks, for some time pst, have been pAying theSrshareholders from 18 to 25 per cent. upon their pad-up capital. We should like to know what branch of trade, however prosperous, has returned those embarked in it even the half of this profit? Is not this simple staement of the dividends of Belfast babk sharsholders enough to oonvince the commercial beb that they have not had fairplay under our local adystem, and to suggest to rival establishments that thiere Ms sn anlnf for them here? The Belfast banks fol- aof hoBank of England in its progressive adis of dicount. lMoney has now been for the last five orsEinreeh at 10 per cent. in Belfat, as well as in. Threadneedle-street; or, rather, it has been 3 per cent. more here than in London, And what interest do Belfast bnkers giveondeposits? 3ust44per cent. This is the secret of the lrge dividends. B he here the Bank of England rate of deocunt roe w fast as the tele ph cotld announce the figure in London, in LIverpool, where the Borongh Bank Wo-apeed,In BcoUtlan where tbh Weatern sucoumbed,paper and that notwhae is coled ' frst clda'-was freely done at 7 and 8 per oent, during the most intense pressure of the' monetary crisis Commercally regarded, we do not say that our local directors acted improperly. There can. be no question that the Belfast banks are admirably maged-from the shareholder's point of view. It is altogether another consideration how they have operated on trade aud commerce here. The directors may boast that they have not encouraged over-specukltion. Will it be denied that their Illiberality has crippled and oonfined enterprise? In a town like Belfast, which has spraug into existence so rapidly-which is at' onoe too big, and too little-it is one of the necessities of its growth that there should be men with businesses too larg for their capitaL This cass of people, as an varinable rule, were denied legitimate assistance by our banks. They had the monopoly, and, therefore, they were able to do as they pleased. Many of these traders were mern whose stability was o assured that they had their bUls cashed by discount houses in other places. This class needs better accommodation, and will have it. Just now, even armong very great firms, there are bitter oomplaints of the style in which our local banks have done their business; and we hear of large accounts being' transferred' in deep disgust. Without m any way interfering with their legltimate trade, it is evident that there is ample room in Belfast not merely for another bank, but for discount houses, who might establish here a profitable trade. We rejoice to, hear that tbe National Bank is abont to open a branch here, and vwe feel confident that the commercial and trading community wll have reason to conmratulate themselves on such a dedrable addition to the limited facilities at present afforded them for carrying on mercantle transactlonsi" SiITARY EMEU. One of the morning paper gives accounts of a series of riots, or pitchdd battles rather, which comraenced on Christmas night, between some soldiers of the 2d battalion of the Coldetream Guards and the SBhroPhire Militia opposed to the 30th and 55th Reguments of the Line, all at present formiDg part of the garrison of Dublin. It is reported that the S0th are put under immediate orders for service at the Curragh Camp. The fighting was commenced on Thursday evening, in a publichouse, by the Guarcl and the 30th, and the quarrel was renewed on the two subsequent days, the combatants being reinforced by parties of the Shropshire Mi1itia and the 5oth Regiment. THE MOORE TEA FRAUDS. It is stated in one of the local papers that Belfast is not yet done with the disreputable revelations in connexion with John JamesMoore's ingenious frauds on the Customs. It is deemed prudent for the present to withhold particulars, but there is a strong rumour that a very patient investigation has enabled the Customs' officials to trace tea on which no duty has been paid to several other houses in the town, and the lOss to persons is expected to be very-great.
SALT WATER IN THE SERPENTIVE. TO TaE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-From communications abroad as well as within the wills of Parliament regpecting the unwholesome state of the Serpentine water In Hyde Park, and the acknowledged admission that something must be done by way of purification, my attention has been engaged towards the objectone of very great importance as far as the health of the metropolis Is concerned, and it cannot be more widely made knovwn than through the medium of your journaL It has been proposed to clear out the mud, fill up the basin to within four feet of the surface, cover all with a body of concrete, and,cutting off thepresent impure supply of water, obtain one from a d&.tance free from any objection of the sort. If such measures here mentioned are resorted to there will be no end to the expense, and beforo any such are entertained it may be wise to look around, and see if any and what others offer themselves. I am fully aware there are those who think "London should pay for London," and I don't deny there may be some foundation for such an opinion; but when dealing with the health, comfort, and recreation of the masses of the most important and populous city in the world, the question becomes one of a national character, and should not fall into £ s, d. At the risk of being considered a visionary or quack, I sabmit a mode by which the evil may be met. I would go to the sea for a water supply. I do not apprehend any engineering dificulties; on this scoro I solicit investigation, and will leave the measare to speak for itself, feeling confident of ite soundness. To explain rather more fuUy, we will for a moment suppose the Serpentine to be turned into a salt water lake, for such would beits character. How i this tobe effected? Brighton appears to offer a good starting*place-the water to be conducted to itl destlkatlon by means of the line of railroad, say through metal pipes. And now for the benefit that would arise to the public. They are, I humbly suggest, netther few nor insignificant. It will be found on inquiry that, notwithstanding the unfavourable condition of the water as now exhibited, upwards of 200,000 people annually use it for bathing; what would not, then, be the effect of offeringa plunge into the pure and pellucid waters of the ocen immediately at hand ? Nothing short of a bath of luxury and delight to the millions. Doubtless a demand would arise from varous public and private establishments and the roads might even become customers, salt water being found more efficacious in laying dust than fresh. I should advise nothing more to be done to the site of the Serpentine than to take out the mud; no filling up, no concrete. The only grumblers, perhaps, may be the skaters, for the surface will not easily freeze over, and the Humane Society may fail of some of their practice, the buoyancy of salt water being well known. I have ventured to fing ou the above suggestions as a means of meeting an evil which is daily increasing; but if a large sum of money is to be laid out to overcome such, that plan should be adopted which wvould promise the bect secuity, as far as it goes, towards the object to be attained-yi., putting the Serp,entine water into a shato of purity and wholesomeness, and to ever continue so. A WEST-COUNTTYMAN-. Dec. 26. TnE PuBic HrALYH ACr.-The Public Hlealth Act (1848) Amendment BMll has been printed for considera. tion during the recess. It Is prepared by Mr. rowper and Mr. Msey, and ontains 187 clauses The Act is divided into four parts; the first, relating to the adoption of tho Act; the second, to the constitution, proceediugs, and generl powers of the local boards of health; the third, to the spechl powers of local boards of health; and the, fourtb, to general provisioin. The Act is limited to EnglAnd, and wiU not be applicable to any place within the limits of the metropolis unless the Act of 1848 has heen already epplied thereto. The General Board of HEfalth is to. be continued for five years from the passing of tho new BAll
MON2Y-M A1KBTand CITY INTALLIGBRN C. Monday Eventng. This having been the first day of businem since! the 24th inst., and the Bank return having been published in the interval, together with the favourble news from India, the funds opened this morning with great buoyancy at a further improvement of three-eighths per cent. Consols for January, which left off on Christmas-eve at 93i ex dividend, wera first quoted 93i to i. The failure subsequently transpired of a dealer who haa been speculating very extensively for a fall, and the expectation that large operations would be requisite to close his account increased the upward tendency until transactions took place at 94k. At the officlil close the price was 94 to t, but after regular hours there was a sudden reaction to 93s to a. Ultimately, however, there were buyers at 93g. Bank Stock left off at 217 to 219-, Reduced, 93i to 94; New Three per Cents., 93i to 9*4; India Bonds, 30s. to 20s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 2s. discount to 2s. premium. The best paper can be readily negotiated in the discount-market at 7i per cent. At the Bank of England the demand in stili moderately active, but to an extent considerably belovw the amount of repayments falling: due, so that the resources of the establishment, assisted at the same time by the steady influx of gold, are rapidly augmenting. Foreign stocks have been steady, with a tendency to advance. Turkish marked as high as 97i, but partially relapsed, and closed 97; to J, or about 1I per cent. above the final price on Thursday last. Braziian Five per Cents. have been negotiated at 98i; Buenoa Ayres, 92; Mexican, for the account, 19i and 20*; Portuguese, 44i and 45; Rusian Five per Cens., 108 and 107; ditto, Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97i and 98k; Sardinian, 85i and 85; Spanish, Ifor the account, 41i; Turkish Six per Cents, for the account, 96#, i, 97i, 97, and 97X; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 101, i, and 102; Venezuelan Four-and-Three-Quarters per Cents., for the aceount, 31, 31i, and 33; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 98k. The corn-market this morning was steady at former prices. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 80c. for money and 67t 95b. for the end of the month. The private letters describe a confident anticipation of an immediate reduction of the rate of discount to 5 per cent. About 68,0001. of gold was sold to the Bank today. The Suffolk has arrived from Australia withl 112,44I ounces of gold, value 449,7841.; and the America, from the United State, has brought 210,000L An arrival of 1U0,000 sovereigns from Ireland is also expected in a day or two. It appears that the attempts to avert an exposure of the affairs of the Northumberland and Durham District Bank are not likely to prove more successful than those in the case of the Western of Scotland. This concern stopped on the 26th ult., and the most unfavourable anticipations were entertained respect. Ing its liquidation, but nothing like a balance-shees has yet been submitted, and there has evidently been some hope that the pablic might be deluded by a few vague generalities, to the effect that security had been obtained from the principal debtors, and that there was aven a prospect of ultimate resuscitation. The total paid up on the shares was 652,8911., and there was a pretended reserve fund of 90,8741. Large dividends had, of course, been distrlbuted regularly, but after the suspension it was currently reported that the bank had been for some time reduced to a position in which it had scarcely a, single available asset, and that to one establishment alone it was under advance to an amount in excess of its entire capitaL It was also a remarkable fact that, like the Western of Scotland, this undertaking had been saved in a former panic by the interposition of the Bank of England, and that the sole result of the warning thus given had been a more reckless renewal of Its previous course. The precise amount of deposits held hs not transpired, but the estimate seems to be about 2,000,0001. At a meeting on Saturday it was resolved to register the bank under the Joint-Stock Banking Companies Act of last session, which will protect individual shareholders, by requiring the necessary f ands for liquidatima to be raised by general calls upouthe entire body-a process that in some cases mitigates, and In others aggravates, the effect of unlimited liability, since it protects the wealthy shareholder who may have but a trifling holding, yet whose name may have decoyed many other persons, -while it insures the utter ruin of those who may be holders to the extent of all, or nearly all, their means. A further proposition that the directors should avail themselves of the windingup clauses of the Act and appoint liquidators, and another that the shareholders should call for an investigation under the authority of the Board of Trade, were reserved for future consideration. Meanwhile the directors are stated to have been served with copies of a petition for a compulsory winding up and the appointment of an official manager, which is to be heard before ViceChancellor Kindereley on the 15th of January, and hence it is presumed there is a prospect of the misfortune of all concerned being increased as far as possible by litigation. The telegraphic accounts from China to-day are very favourable as regards the rates of exchange. At EIongkong the alteration has been only to the extent of about one per cent., the quotationbeing 4s. ld.; but at Shanghai it has been equal to 5 per cent., the quotation having receded from 6s. lid. to 6a. 7d. The shipments of tea to date had been 23,700,0001b., and of slk 35,000 bales. The settlements of silk were 14,000 bales short of last year, and prices continued to keep up. It was understood that Canton was about to be attacked almost forthwith 'by the English and French. Recent financial ad.viem from Russia furnish some interesting particulas. It is said the total of bullion in the fortres of St. Petemburg and at Moscow exceeds 20,000,0001. On the other hand, the paper circulation is estimated at nearly 120,000,0001., and the rate of exchange continues at a point that must involve great loss to all who have to make foreign payments. Practically, the currency is inconvertible, since the Govermnient allow only very smau quantities to be exchanged for gold, although occasionally, when the depreciation, as measured by the rate of exchange, threatens to go on too rapidly, they allow certain defined amounts to be shipped by the leading bankers. With regard to the grand railway scheme, of 'which, according to report, the English public may expect to hear more the moment they may be again disposed to get rid of their money upon any invitation, the latest particulars are as follows :-The company have about 4,000 versts of line to construct in 10 years, at a cost of about 45,000,0001. Their first issue was about 12,500,0001. Of this they retained one-fourth for Russia, on which 37i roubles was required as a first instalment on each share of 125 roubles. When the Government reduced the rate of interest on Bank deposits, on the 1st of October last, from 4 per cent. to 3 per cent., the directors took the opportunity of offering 5 per cent. on all payments in full, and of this the shareholders readily availed themselves. At the present moment, therefore, about 90,000 out of the 150,000 shares reserved for Rtissia have been entirely paid up. Of the shares issued in other countries only a small proportion have been paid in full. On the Warsaw line the road is finished for about 120 versts, and the distance has been per- jormed in two houxz and a-half. Only the ImperIal family, however, have s yet travelled on it, the opening to the public being delayed as usual by all kinds of difficulties It was now expected to take place in a few days. In the meantime two goods trains were being run daily, the receipts of which were about 1,0001. per week. The company bave a numerous staff of French engineers at MNocow, and in the south, making surveys; and the Russian engineers are alleged to be very indignant at their beingset aside. ThepresentpriceatSt.Petersburg of a share of 1.25 roubles is 3 premium, but in Poland they have been far from popular. The affairs of the .Riga and Dunaburg Company are said to be naking progrs, but slowly. The Government have accepted ther caution-money of about 100,0001. The conesion is not yet signed, a multitude of obstacles being raised on trfing points, but which were expected soon fo be adjusted. IIn the general business of the port of London during the past week there has been little change. The number of ships reported inward was 196, including 39 with cargoes of corn, rice, flour, &c., 19 with sugar, and 4 with fuit; the number of ships cleared outward was 94, including 17 in ballaut, and those on the berth loading for the Australian colonies amount to 56. Among the quickest passages of the sailing trans. ports to the East has been that of the Agamemnon, which left Dartmouth on the 14th of August and arrived at Calcutta on the 16th of November. The Champion of the Seas and the James Baines sailed from Portamouth on the 9th of Auguilst, but did not reach Calcutta until the 17th and 19th of November, respectlvely. The following relates to a difference between the charges of the two continental telegraph companies under certain similar circumstanceso- "Sir,-I generallry seud my mesge to the continent through the Electric and International Telegraph Company, and often pay here In advanoe for a reply. In all case where such reply is not sent the company retu the full amount deposited for the back mesages. Some weeks ago I sent by mistake a telegram to Hamburg through the Sobmarine Telegraph Company, prepaying the reply, which, however, was not given. On my applying for the money I was informed that the company deducts 25 per cent. .T wiU abstain from all oomments, but I think that you would render the public a servicoe by Informing it through your wide-spread journal of this difference of 25 per cent. between the charges of one compny and the other. "I remain, &., "EI QUALIT."1 Aaongrecent commercial publications has been a pamphlet ky Mr. J. T. Mackenzie on the Beconstruction of the Gevemnment of India,* contaidnig useful suggftiiorAwithregardtothefinanai arrange. mnenta of that'c-ountry. The writer recognise. the dedrableness of enlisting native capital in all the publie works that may hereafter be projected, and also reiterates the recommendation that the zemindars in Bengal should be allowed to purchme exemption from the land tax. Some remarks on the great capabilites of the Port of Ktrrachee,t by Mr. W. P. Andrew, the Chairman of the Scinde and Punjab Railways, have also been isued. Mr. Andrew furnishes testimony that the depth of water in the harbour is ample for vessels of all descriptions. The belief is that it would be " impossible to find any high tide throughout the year when soundings would be less than 26 feet in main channel." ' Jones and Causton, Eastoheap. t Allen and Co., Ieadenhall.street.
BAD RZEPOI?T. monday EveOIIIg. TALow.-The mrket Is stead to-day at 53s., both for this rmonth and January to zrch, and 53a. 6 for Maroh only. There has been some inquiry for delivery in the last three months next year, and 51. is offered. Y.O. on the spot. 53e.; South American, 52s. 6d,; Anstralivn beef, 51s. 6d.; sheep, 53s.; town tallow, 53s net cash. Annexed are the partlculars of stocks and prlces _ AnmDVAA on TIM WzE. South Amerlo . aaak& Auata. 610 Oth1aoe 510 Totaul .. .9.4... . , 9 With regard to the general stte of the trade Meesrs. Colobester and Woolner report:-" The tallow-market has been steady tbroughont the week, and a fair businesa has been done in all positions considering the season of the year, the demand for immediate consumption has been rood,. and consequently the delivery from the warehouses iarge. We learn by tegraph that tallow was flat at St. Petersburg, with sellers for August delivery at 163 roubles, with hand money."
THB KBW PARK AT BATTBMEA. TO THE EDITORi OF THFE TIRES. Sir,-The inhabitants of the district contiguous to the New Park at Batterse, as weU on the north as on the south side of tho river, are greatly Indebted to you for your article on the subject In thls day's impression. They have waited year after year for the completion of a work which no Government but the present seemed to take an interest in; and now, after upwards of 400,0001. of public moneyhas been expended In the scheme,-I speak of the park aud bridge together, for they must be considered as one In the contemplated payment of the 300,0001. odd to the Exchequer out of the 400,0OOO. advaned,-thelr hopes are dashed by the threatened infliction of a toll on the bridge, which you truly call " short-sighted and injurious and which will tend to make the park and brldge insolvent speculations to the countrywithinatwelvemouth" Withoutgoing into the I qu uestgonastothedepredctingeffectoftoUsonproperty alielrneighbourhoocls,wi onblypoint WthesplendidmanionserectedinTybuzn1a,since,beitrememberod,theremomal of thetoll-gate which stood, not such A grsat whileago, not far from the present site of the ziuarble-arch The land round Battersea-park reserved by Government for the erectlon of villas, &c., is only a speculation at beat, and the chanoes of its suocess depend wholly upon an untaxed ap proac. While numerous bilders would be too happy t, take the ground at an average prioe of 2,0001. per acr wlith a free bridge, which would quite repay the raoney advanced by the country, very few indeed would be found to giva half that sum if the toll be imposed. let me also quote the Premiet's own remarks on the subject to two deputations which waited upon him-" It is really preposterous that a large sum of public money ahould be expended in maldkg a park merely for the recreation of the poorer classe3, and theen to impose on the enjoyment of that parka penaltv which, to a great degree would prevent the use of the park Itself." I am, Sir, yours &c. A TAXPAYE& .kimlico, Deo. 26.
THB SMOKE RNUISANCB. TO THE EDITOR OF TEIB TIMES. Sir,-I recommend " G. W.,M3D.," to try again, and he will undoubtedly stCCeed, as I have. In the fires lighted on Dr. Arnott's plan the coal is col. verted into coke, and requires a strong pointed poker, the occasional use of whichl will insure a clear, bright, and almost smokeless fire. For a bedroom o() i stir before gettng Intobed willsuffice for the night. Of coue it wij grsduaUy, after attaining its extreme brightness, subldq. wto duUness, but will not smoke, and 'will stil give oub iffioient heat for a bedroom. In the morning a stir With the poker will revive it into bright. ness. 2NotWitIstzadi*Ig "G. W.'P" failure, I recommend your readern to tryv ts plan, aad then I amu sure they wil never return to the qit method of light1n [am, sir, yours din y. G.
RAIL WAY AND MILNa SH ARE .. i- , Monday sbing. In the railway-maket there has been a general advance of I to Ij per cent. (oecaionad chiefy by speculative purchases for the January account), which waa steadily maintained to the clows the fnal quotations being at the beat. point of the da Caledonian were in active demand, and left off per cent, higher. Great Westerns were ence tionally flat, and Sheffield and Iancashire and Iorksbire show no alteration. In colonial descriptions there has been a general improvement, Grand Tru of Vansda especially being quoted about 3 per cent. above the final price on Thursday last; East Indian Inarked 111, but at the close were slightly weaker. Foreiga shares were better; Lombardo Venetian and Pernambuco improved nearly los. In American securities a recovey of $1 took place in IIUnois Central. A further advance of about I per cent. occurred in Canada Government Bonds. In mines Great Wheal Vor were fractionally higher. Joint-stock banks were steady. A fair amount of business was transaeted in miscellaneous securities and a rise took place in Canada land and National Discount.
THE CORN TRA D. MA:RK-LAM.KO MoiDAY AtFII nrnv. in., 92 lat week's arivals wnre good, oats alone exoepted. T.e export. were 50 quarters of barley, 67 quarters of oat, 4 quarters of toans, 31 qurs of peas, and 36 sacks of flouir. Therecelpts of EnSlish wheat were 4,583 qn%rter, of foreign 18,176 quarters. The supply for the morning from the near counties was very short, with a moderate attendance. Good smples maintained their former Talue, bat seoondAry sorta were a slow sle. The bnainea in foreign was limited, at previoua quotations. Of Enslish ffour thtro were 18,h03 sacks, of foreigp 4,278 barrsls 3,882 saks. Norfolks, hlId at &, were not plaoed redy. Frenoh and Amlercan, as wefl as towrnmade qualities, were naaltered. The English barley amounted to 5,038 qtuarters, the foreiguAo 12,802 qarters. There was less dulness in the trade t4an of late for malting aud middling qualities, but quotations generally remained as before. The business in malt was slow, without change of prices. There was a get falling off in oats, the whole supply being only 8,161 quarters, including 383 quarters of English, 400 quarters of Irish, 1,010 quarters of Sootch, and 6,368 quarters from the continent. The period of the year, however, was against any rally in prices, though buyes in retil had to pay fully former rates. The bean supply consited of 979 quarters of English and 2,197 quarters of foreign. Of pesa there were 485 quartrs of native and 1,800 quarters of white from MontraL Beans were a very slow sale, and fully Is. per quarter cheaper; peu being only placed with difficulty at previoas prices. Of linseed there were 8,158 quarters, with 1,430 quarters exporteda Trade was lack at unchanged rates. Foreign cake but a slow sale, but English found a fair de. -and. In seeds the usual dulness ,f the so n prevaled, canaryseed being rather cheaper. More cloverseed begtas to appear, but the demand was not on. Trefoil, hempseed, rapeseed, and other descriptions of seed remained unaltered in value. OURRK FrIOM Or MIITISE GRAM AND PF.UR I AZ3K.LA2QR Whedt- 1 anSd Kent, white .. .. .. ..new 6 r Ditto d to chavauct, new~~: 37-40 Distilg _ 60 Chnd,ll .. 3-29_ inisson, Wae, Pd tn*mae *0- OE hfee;d 210 2313 S Eieotfeed 20 - POtaO £ .25 -1 Jd*feel.'food. -z fine 22 29 Ditto,black 19-SO " -23 Bea-aragui . 53 -34 T i n t s , ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~33-34 S t -35 -~hob . .. .... .: .. . 41-B4 Maple 41 -43 Gmay .. 89-40 floo- Towyn ho;"hl~ peaaeck7sf 2 6b Norfolk and lsuZfol,xshp .. .. .. - ;j FOREIGN GRAIN. Whest-Dantsia, mixed 3 laX 4-highmxe -ex-o mxd P d 47-52 ,, -_ _ = boatcm . 48-- ge 60-- - Aueri whiba 600-652 red 46 --0 Polnera. Mock., and Uckerrk., red 46-0 --- eDan red ....45 U-60 white - - . 6 -6 Danish itHlaten - -- .......... .. - - "2-a zuLan, had.. 44-0 .. .. --- 4-- St. Petersbart and lla 42 -48 Rhine and Belgium Baft-Griin ..4 .. ., . . , . N 218 aiOy- S so-28 D11ltt-e .11-5 DeanlshndSwedjahfead 0-23 PdSr ........ .. 3- Ba-Yreslma xxiHolrst , 1.0-1_27 Kosispberg.. . .. . 2-14 Ote-ei... 3425-35 AmerWban, . 42 -- .r , Blll! Fil E . Fz. i, p br o kUs3- Orander.p ercirt. 2. z 30 Oasay. perqr y ....... . . . . . . 8-8 Ofine4y, per qr., ernblag . . _ . .1 Oa.ke.perto m . ..hi10 s to £11 Os Rapeseed. erqr. . 68S-70 P,.tou . . . £5 O. to £6 lb FORIIEGN EEKD6, am. Hcspsee,smApPerqr. .. .. .. .. .. .. -So 44 Ootlnder. pe . r , . 1-625 .apeed.r qrDt .6tia m-u .4 4 =bpe ;;kD S p .; t, ' ' *' 9i b7£ 10 Rapecakoe. er teak .. . * .. .. *£5 to £61bs. NEWCBATLEZ DEC. S. Arrivals of grain ad door, both ooatwis and by rail, have b Zen ofl Oolderably. The trade In wheat has ben steady, and former rates have been pretty well ustained for all the botter qusaities; but In Interloc kind. transactions hae rbeen eB'rs llIed. Barley and othergraju hare hbd a fair se, without anY Sateratio in prioes At to-d4ay market there was a Uberal show of wheat which t a fe sale at the rates ot thi& day sentight. llour folly , dear a, before. The beet sMpIs o maoing bs-ley unaltered In vaise, but othersorts were dull and rather lower, Other articles 5tat&tny. REYtORD. Drca 6.6 At this mornig's markot there was a limited show of wheat, but more than adequate tothe demand, tbe trade being extremely slow, ndlast eeka prioswere withdfficultymaintaIned Hltingbarley of good qualiy in fair requet and rather higher; other kind neglected. In other grin very lttIl Psaing, andno quotable altera Uon In priceL At the cattle-market to-day thre wa a moderate sUDpp of tooi. and Prloes bad an upward tendency. Store beaet sOd freely at an advnoe of ISa. per head. Thenr were no sheep in the market, P1p fully as doer PA lat week. Beef. 7d. to 8L Per wa:d; mutton, 7d. to 7id. ; veal 8d.; tore pigs, 6r 6L per stoa ; porkers fs 94. hides 3i.; rogh fiat, 4 9d pr tone. WI5BEACE4 DEC. 26. At thi market there wa a scanty show of wkeat, whoh root a brlsk demaDa at the fuU rates of lt woBk AU lkind of sprlng corn were In limited supply, and sod at former rate. RTTKINGI DM S6 Here to`day thero was A fair eihow of wheat and a good attuendaoe of buyer but bunBse was y dull holders demanding more money, which Wa concoded only I a feW intane Spring corn unchanged In value,
AIBTROPOLITAP WCATTLX-MARKET, DD. 28. The arlTal ot cttle ad sheep Into the port of Ltndes from the sontinent duvIn the past week hag been trilng. Tbe Ouatom.bhos return gives an entry of 151 oxea and sows, 354 caves, and 230 hbeep, maing a tot of 1,435 head. The suppUeo of mest todax as u= on the macket raooeeding Chrbimda,y, very sIL antrdeothe whole geuer duU, not. withstanding. It wa a holiday mrrkn. he tolal number of bestson oaaffor wee oly 2.613 head, for which thzere wa ut a slow bae at 4r. 4d LUp to 4s led.. 02 sheep there rere b than 10,000 for whch, however, a good sle ruled at very fmrts. Klulton madefonto 4e 6d. to 5s In a geea ~,bnt some obotoe thirngm siae S. 8d. ror!ek and yes w ere both a slggshbatrde. Comarative litatement ot Prices, and Iupply of Oattle at Market
AM NEWMAN AND MR. MAR VALE. TO THF EDITOR OF THE TIMES. 8Sr,-Now that Parliament has dispersed it hi posible. tht you may allow me to expand one topio of my formeretter a towhich Mr. Merivale differs from me. If oordifference were one of learning I could not wish to intrude. upon your columns, but my argument is popalar andS practical. In 1833 Parliament inaugurated a 'enw and noble polloy towards India, which has emnaned a dead letter, and after recent events is, alas I become impossible. The Charter of 1833 professed to raiA all natives of India, subjeotta theo iBng, into equal dinty with Britons born. Exoept thetwo offSoes of Governor.General and Commander-in-Chiet or India, all the Kin'g subjects were to be equally eligible to every post of dignity; and Lord Micaulay, when, as one or Iord Grey's Minitry, on July 10, 1833, he spoke in. support of the Ministerial Charter, distinctly deoclare4 hat he would rather disad the Hon. East India. Company entirely from the government of India. than part with this elau. His words (in his own editio of£ his speech) are:-" If the Company were to. refuse to accept of the government, unless we gove up the, clauses in this Bll whiech permit Europeans to hold lndel property and natives to hold office, I would take them at thber word; but I will not discard them in the mere rgo of | experimtiit." Of these two cardinal points the former has been rednoed to its minimumr by the Hon. East India Company, and the latter has been avowedly and triumphant!y redsted. I read Ln a printod paper (and I believe it, thought. I have not at hand the means of verification) that when Sir J. C. Hobhouse, as President of the Bojrd of Coatrol, following up the enactment of the Charter of 1833, presemted the son of Bammohuln Roy to a writership, the Directors had the daring to refS to appoint him, on the ground thatthey would not permit any native Indian to become one oE their covenantedservants AsIt was not convenientfor the Ministry jut then to quasrel with the Directors, the Act of Parliament was trampled under foot, and the Indians were cheated of their promied equality. When the new Charter of 1853 was made this clause seems to have been ingentousy superseded by permitting Indans, if they can afford it, tocome to England and compete againt English students in a scholastoexamination for the appointments. The blame of tlhis violation of law (which ws not asinle3 act, but systemAtic for the 20 yeas of the Charter). Lord Maaulay himself being judge, is to be laid on the EnglisL Ministrle. Inthesame oeechheemphaticallysays, "Fogall the evils (denounced by M1r. Bucklngham) the Ministers of the Crown are u much to blame as the Company; nay, much more so, for the Bonrd of Control could, without the consent of the Directors, have redressed thoseevils; and the, Direetors most certainly oould not have redressed them. without the consent of the Board of ControL For all messures of internal policy the servants of the King are at last as deeply responsible as the Company. For alt measares of foreign policy the servants of the King, and they alone, are responsible." It is not, therefore, to be in. ferred that (whoever may be the dc fado administrators of India) Parliament can any the more trust the Qaees Mini . ters in the fature than In the past enforce Englsih enactments upon them. No body of men has les moral courage than a tottering Minisry. The result has been that the Indian Government, inatl of raising natives of India to the dignity of Britons, havel labourod to degrade all the unofficial English in Indla to. the level of boun Indians. Twice they have attempted to. deprive them of trial by jury; even ao late as the beginning of this year the attempt was renewed and convulsed. Calcutta, driving the unmoficia residents into a violent and necessary animosity to the Government. It is evident that this theory must be renounced. To reduoe the emigrauc English in India to the level of natives, and keep the natives depressed as hitherto, must stop English emigratin. and make the existing English residents thoroughly disaffected, On the other hand, frankly to act on the pdnciple of 1833, and to admit natives into high office with as little c4ution as if they were of English birth, is what few wil now dare to advise, and what certainly we cannotexpect. If Englnd is to have in India miltay safety, political, and religions, and social, and financiLl influence, she mu4 encourage European colonization as the key to all the3e* rosults. Official men, shut withln four walls-militarr men, aociating at most with their troops-form no cement between us and the nations of Indio. The colonist, the merchant, the artisans, the professional men, who emigrate toIndia, these are they who will root English sentiment into the Indians, if they do but enter in sufficient numbers; and ifthey do not Munro's prophecy will be fulfilled-that thefirst insurrection would be a mutiny, which we should sup. press, and the second would be a national movement, whicb. would eject u You tyourself, Sir, urge strongly an Imperial policy of IndiAn immigration, My present object is to insist that this policy demands a special Eglish. citizenship in India. Without this our countrymen will neither immigrate in sufficient numbers, nor will commana, in India the respect necessary to make them of political im.- poranco. Those who dread more lest the English in India try to throw off the yoke of Queen Victoria and reign by their own might over all India than lest the Indians them. selves throw ofC the English supremency may perhaps wish to go back to the state of things prior to 1833, and make it a high nisdemeanour for an Englishman to be found irs India without lioense from the local Government. Thiswould be to treat India as Augustus treated Egypt, But I think very few persons will approve this. As.- amming the paramount value of English colonization, I say, an inference from this now is a special Engl'sbL citizenship in India. But, once established, it would giva us many precious advantage. It would, in particular,. enable usto admit into our own freedom all the most trustworthy part of Indian society, and it would graduwlly remedy the worst financial mischief in India-the absencea of locnI treasuries which the central Government cannot touch. Rules might be lid down by which the Euglish. citizenship should be earned, an acquaintance with ourlanguage being made one of the necessary conditions. At. present no local funds for local objects (roads, canals, tanks, ac) re posible, because the local treasurers re mere servants of the central Executive. Thus, If the Board of Control declares war upon Persia or Affghaniatn, the moner wvhich ought to have irigated fields or mended bridges Is liable to be spent in war. This most pernicious mischietcannot be remedied until every local divisionof India gets the power of holding fast the loeal funds, of which there. seems no hope except through unofficial E:nglishmen. I am. Sir. Tonur nhl,,i,,t ran F; W,NEWMAN. Dec. 26.
THn MA;S, &aC.-SouTHAmOx, Dec. 28.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Alhamba,. Captain J. IL Joy, saled to-day with the Peninsular m 4, 20 passengers, specie alue 14,9401 for Lisbon, and a moderate cargo. The screw steamer Bosphoros. has been chartered by the Union Screw Company for the conveyance of the next outward Cape mails, and wilL leave this port, under the commannd of Captain Cook, on the 4th proxtmo, and Plymouth on the 6th, the day for thedeatch of these malls having been changed from the 15hto the 6th of the month. The next mails for New York will be taken out by the Arlel, one of the Vanderbilt line of steamers, Ca tamn Ludlow, on Wednesday, the 30Sh in&t.; for the West Indies, Pacific, Mexico, &c., by the Orinoco, Captain Ba7ntun, on the 2d of January; for India and China, by the Colombo, Captain Field, on the 4th; for the Peninsular ports, on the 7th; for the Brazils, River Plate, &o., by the Tyne, Captain Sawyer, on the 9th r and for the colonies of Anstralia and New Zealand, by tho Tamar, Captain Jelliooe, on the 12th. The mail steamersdne at this port for the next fortnight are the Plata, CAPtaiu Weller, from the West Indies, on the 1st proximo (expeced to arrive a day or two earUer); the Indus, Captain Evans, with the India and China mails; and the Tagus, Captain Christian, with the Peninsuar mails, both on tbe. 4th; the Teviot Captain Molir, from Alexandria, with the. Australian mails, on the 6th; the North Star, Captaix Wiloox, from New York, on the 7th; and the Medww.y Captain Hammack, from the Brafils, on the 14th. (Advertisement.3-Every Inch a Woman-The t- cbaracer ot Joephne, In r. Ohare Eeadee neDw novel," it l"a not en idirvidual, It is a who;e *ox, painted by a mutr . WbltleeIe, Is i th noble woral, none the lea. likel todoo " h it IWte k Ube=rtofsbetorey, h d teil.- onay pedet Trscer nd O0., Patnxoet--w. Their aen,e.- meeta nto th permanetpeio(one ginea)0 tthlJor havinbe3Q. idsnndeztood. &he Z,m beg to explin that to nndereL the tr.dm, eaourom by obeap edioos eeme to thems not only sb4t*tbW, b*t dienlal, ana that they lacet that ecrtlon by mainjniniG this "seat work In one form and rHo.es [Advertivement.]-Publicatione for tbe STupression of InsomMef,ene; oenunelsa :aloca' Hee-G~oee Ounb-Var in the Well-Leathe AIma5-Dooe iU the iS8Wxeo-h Flew (hug-Water Se Beent-Ufatbfu ~tew5-Let cveqmsn mini his emt Buenu-031d.wat Do-8eakKldly-What are finds of Hrope, and Uowl Do FWm them- sor Ohritma bal A. _ekto tbe abcov 14 publcalco (I ofttb ir U ,tedi, prie i14 noa fe. Theaboemybe bdIsohanbokete, o ietton*
1RECBNT NOVBLS.-MR. KINGSQTYS "TWO YEARS AGO."* Eowr many novels do our readers suppose arae ;annual1ypublished in these islands? Besides thel 3sovel newspapers and the cheap rbpnints, of whicti the excessive issues overflowr the l%okstalls, as far 'as we have the means of computing them, wre calculate that they come out at tbe rate of three per 'week. Not less, that is, than 150 a-year, and proRbably more, wvhereof a third at least are of the old jbree-volurme type, may provide the most insatiable 2ovel reader with employment from morn till dewy ~eve, including meal-times, and insure himu a surfeit wthlch he wrill remember in his dream. The clergymien; young ladies,, asd reti ed milittry and laval 'oficers, whose productions these are in a very Large proportion, are each answerable to the separat& 'cirqle of their readers; but how is the general tevlewxer with intermittent opportanities to interpret between these productions and the public? At the 'utmost he can only seize upon one here and there sthe flood of invention hurries past him its good, bad, or indifferent constituents, and discharges 'them for the most part into the calm deptha of *oblivior,. There are some novels, indeed, wrhich even the' -tames on their title-pages wonld aave from a like 'destination. Thus, ior example, after Wes4ward Sto! and flypatsa, we could scarcely pass unheeded a- tale by Mr. Kingsley, for we may count upon -haracter4 of hia own couception, delineated with -curious analytic sill, and a story recounted w ith a iree and flowing eloquence, In his last novel, Twso Years A go, M^r. Kingsley has returned to his ownv 'time, and to that scenery in the Combes of fhe FarWest with wrhich the adventures of Sir Ainyas Leigh haid made ua already famillsa.. " Twoyears ago,while pestilence was hovering over Us and ours, while the *tattre roar was rinlging in our ears, who had time t;o think, to askwlhat all tbatnmeant; to seek for She deep lesson wfhich wre knewv must lie beneath it ?" And Mr. Kingsley undertakes to interpretihislesson, 'which is3 not unlike the lessons ie he as inculcated hefore, in a story wvhich is 'fairly up to the mark -o its predecessors, and which is also well worth *ourpernsal, irrespecih'e of its supposed significance. fin primary conception, independently of . this ixra weso hich he As to interpret, is again| to pOin1t the contrast between the worker and the| -dreamer 'Dy their respective representatives, Tom 'hurnall and John Briggs,-the one a surgeon 'and adventurer, the other a p0et and reluictant S,ensioner on the bounty of hus aristocratic connaexions. There is no distinction here such as that insisted on in Mr. Kinguley's last novel, where the wreaker and less favoured personage is presented to us as an example of the deterioratin3g influencee -of casuistic instructions ; hut the nature of Brigga is]I *exhibited as a foil to that of Thurnall in respect of mmucl the same natural differences of inclination. 'Or preference for the hearty, healthy unconsciousnless of theone,isascarefollyenJcouraged anourdistast,e bor the irritable sensibilities and self-torture of the -ether is aggravated by an exaggerated description of the penalties entailed. The metaphysical predilections of Mr. Kingsley, which wve claim to share with him in a modified degrees are thus urgently, 'and, as we conceive, too oppressively, insisted on at -the expenne of the unfortunate John Briggs and the bhorrified reader. The moral lesson of Mr. lKingsley requiring Mhim to be retrospective, we are introduced to Briggs and Thurnall ia a kind of prologue to the 'atory proper, where wre come upon them as fellowrpupils of a surgeon in the little country town -of Whitbury. tom is the surgeon's son, a robust ~and active spirit prepared to work like a horse 'wrhile there is wvork to be done, and ripe for any -funi or mischief afterwards-in short, the popular 'typo of a Briton, and, though continental na'ions love him not, the sort of character 'which is sure of our insular sympathies, -espcialy if it is seasoned in sea water and scenes of adventure. John B3riggs, on the other hand, is self-conscious and a poet, and while thinking of his 'verses rnislabels the prescriptions inthe surgery, and -otherwise exposes himself to the some that remcorseless jests of his companion,who is evidenltly too hard "upon him, as Mr. Kingsley allows when he ha s him-self killed John Briggsin retribution for his morbid 'tendencies. At present John Bri8gg only bolts and disappears, though he is once afterwvards seen at Whitbury severinghlseonnexion wFith the neighbourhood, wrhile Tom Thurnall proceeds to rove genetally about the world, and is heard of as practising hlis profession, gathering nuggets in Australia, ~ranging in Texas, 'visiting the " tates,", aiding the 'escape of a fair Creole slave, and otherwise making himself useful, getting shot, shipwrecked, and even h'ung in the interim, s,o that we lose sight of him nls.0 for some twro or three years, while the future *-dramo.tis personce are shaking into their places. After this interval, the promised story-wshich is, supposed to date " two years, ago "-is allowed to -commence in the wrest country, in one of thos,e little fishing townsn which nobody has described so admair-ably as Mr. Kingsley. Nature not admitting of reducational treatment, Mr. Kigley'spowers of observation and vivid description come into playt here 'without qualification or abatement. His is the Uhappiest union of science with artistic skill that, in this department of the novelist, wre have ever encountered; for his, science helpr, to construct the -picture for the readefr's eye, and does, not, as, with inferior hands,, distort or hide its features. Accordmngly, we are at once at home with him inl hits iishing towvn, on the " old harbour pier; 30ft, of gray and browvn boulders, apotted aloft with bright yellow lichens and black drops of tar; polished lowier down by the surge of centuries, and -towards the foot of the wall roughened writh crusts of barnacles, and mussel nests, in crack and cranny, and festoons of coarse dripping -weed;"' and from this position wve sufer " Glaucus" 'to draw us on to his, marine specimens, which, with his other observations in natural history, make such oa characteristic part of the detail in Mr. Kfingsley's fictions. H ere, also, Mr. Kingsley introduces us to the heroine, Grace Hlarvey, the young schoolmis,tress -of Aberalva, wrho iB a religious enthusiast of the popular section, but sensitive and sympathetic in no commuon degree, and who exercises, in virtue oF her saintlik~e character and offlces, a superstitious influence over her rude fellowP-towrnsmen. Thus 'Grace is represented as not ouly ezaltee herself, ibut an object of mysterious, interest to the fir'hing, population of the neighbourhood. " Her deep mielancholy is believed to be caused by some dark fate-by some agonizing sympathy with evil-doers ;" and it was sometimes said in Aberalva" Don't do that, for poor Grace's s,ake. She bears the sins of all the parish." Such ir, the strange keynote to which Mkr. Kings,ley accormmodates her subsequent his,tsry. Grace is evangelical, and Frank Headley, the High 'Church curate, also a very conscientious pers,on, is -thinking of displacing her, very much to the disgust of the people, whose confidence she has wron. B3ut neither Grace nor lFrank, unlike the majority of the dlasses they repres,ent, appears to have any personal ~enmity in consequlence. They are choice specimens -of their respective sects, and are as cabrefully exhibited by Mir. Kingsley as, any of the objects of his, aquavivariunm. Mr. Kingsley, however, as we s,uggested, excels in his backgrounds, and if we wrant to see a bit of description more true to average nature in the coast dis,trict he is des,cribing-. " The best thing we canl do, as 'we landed, naturally, at thepierhead, is to walknp-street after him, sand Ece wrhat sorb of a place Aberalva is. fest s otelf ad steqa-ol o " ;nath usa oth fihand, is the quay-pool, now lsisg dry, in which a dozen trawlers are lopping over onr Their side%, their red ails drying in the sun, the tails of the -trawls hauled up to the topmast heads; while the more handy of their owners are gettxig on hoard by ladders, to pack away the said red salls; for it will blow to-n ht. In -thelong furrows which their keels have left, and in the shaDow muddy pools, lie ixmuaerable fragments of exente. -Tated msids.(not human ones, pitiful reader, but belonging to the order Pisces, and the family UaA, sad some 20 non-*xxeoterated ray-dogs and ploied dogs (Anglica, dog-ih), together with a fine basking shark, at leat nine feet long, .,out of which the kneeling Mlr. George Thomas, clothed in pilot-cloth patches of every hue, bright scarlet, blue, and 7brown (nob to mention a larga sqvare of white cauvas 'which has been lot into that par of his trousers which is now uppermost), Is dlsaectiPg the liver, for the purpoee of *reasing his ' sheaves' with tho fragrant oil thereof. The pools in general are bedded with black mud, and creamed -over with oily flakes which may proceed from the tar on the -vesses sides, and masy also from 'dncomposing animal -matter' :a we euphemize W now-s-dais. The hot pebbles, -at hign-tide mark,-orowmed with a long black row of lerritg and mackere boats, lald un In ordina4 for the <.preernt,-are beautifully vanegated with mickers' heads, ;uerneW fins,old bg,lob-worm, nd mossel-balts, and the -in;ards of awhole Ichthyological muasuin; save at one spat --where the Closa maxims and Port Esquiline of AberlZva -town (small enough, oondidering the place holds 1,500 xonls) murmurs from bee,.th a gray stone arch toward the ;wes, not unfaught with dead rats and eats, wbo, their anscitit feud forgotten, cembine lovingly at lat in Inoreasing the helth of the blue-itrugeoed urchins who resailingupon tbat Acherontlo stm bit of board with a feather stuck In a T'o Year -Ago. by the Rev. Cbarles Kingsley, &0.; 3 vo12. Cambnidge, Mamilan, it- or of their tiny sisters, who are dancing abont In the dirtiest pool among tbe trawlen in a way which (if your, zespectable black ooat be seen upon the pier) will elicit from I one of the halconled windows above, decked with reeling i shirts and linen, some such shriek as- "Patience Penberthy, Patience Penberthy-a I Yom nasty, dirty, little ondeoent hussy-a! What be playine i 'l the quay-pool for-al1 A pulling upyour petticoats be ore I the quality - a!' Each exclamation being followed with I that droning grunt, with which the west-country folk, after having screamed theirlungsemptythrough thelrnoses, I recover their breath for a fresh burst. ' Never mind; It is no nosegay, certainly, as a whole; but did you ever see sturdier, rosier, nobler-looking children -rounder faces, raven hair, bright gray eyes, full of famn and tenderness? As for the dirt, that Cannot harm them; poor people's children must be dirty-why not? Look on:' o0yards to the left. Between two ridges of high pebble. beak, some 20 yards apart, comes Alva nver rushing to the ses. On the opposite ridge, a low white house, with three or four white canvas-oovered boats, and a flagstaff with slop icg crose-yard, betokens the coastguard station. Beyond it ise black jagged cliffs, mile after mile of iron-bound wall; aDd here and there, at the glens' mouths, great banks and denes of shifting sand. In front of it, upon the beach, are balf-a-dozen great green and gray heaps of Welsh limestone; behind-it, at the cliff foot, is the limekiln,' with its wbite' dusty heaps and brown Tusty men, its quivering nirage of hot air, its strings of patient hay-nibbling donkeys, which look as if they b*d just awakened out of a flour bin. Above, a green down stretches up to a bright yellow furze-crofts far soft. Bebind, areedy marsh, covered. with zed cattle. paves the valley till it closes in; the steep sides of the hills ar clothed in oak and ash covert, irk which, three months ago, you could have shot more cocks in one day tham you would in Berkshire in a year,l Pleasant little glimps there are too, of gray stone farmhouses, nestling among eyeamore and beech, btight greern meadows, alder-fringed; squares of rich red fallow-field,. srtedhD lines, of golden furze; all cut out with a peculiar' lackness and clearness, sott and, tender withal, which letolkena elimate surcharged with rain. Only, in the very bosom of the valley, a soft mist hangs, Increasing the soes of distanc and softening back one hillnd wood behind another, till the great brown moor -which backs it all seems to ris out of the empty air. For a thousand feet it raes up, in huge sheets of brown heather, and gray cairns and screes of granite, aU sharp and blak-edged against the pale blue sky; and all suddenly cut off above by one longhorl. zontal hne of dark gray cloud, which seems to hang there motionless, and yet Is growing to windward, and dIng ht leeward, for ever rushing out of the invWble into sight, and into the invisbie agaln, at railroad speed. Out of nothing the moor rises, and into nothing it ascends,-a great dark phantom betvween earth sad sky, boding rai and howlng teompest, and perbaps fearfula wrecl4-for the groundseii moans and thunders on the beach behind us louder and louder every moment. "Let us go on, and up the street, sfterwehave scrmbled through the usual labyrinth of timber-baulks, rusty anchors, boats which have been dragged, for the purpose of mendin and tarrng, into the very middle of the road, aud old spars stowed under walls, in the vain hope that they may be of some use for sometbingsome day; and have stood the stares and welcomes of the lany giants who are sitting about upon them, blxck-looked, black-bearded, with ruddy, wholesome faces and eyes as bright as diamonds; men 'who are on their own ground, and know it- who will not touch tbeir caps to you, or pull the sbort blac£ pipe from between thei lips a you puass; but expect you to prove yoarself a gentleman by speaking respeetfully to them; which, if you do, you will Znd them a8 beary, intelligent, brave fellow asever walked tb1i earth, capable of anything, from working the navalbrigade guns at Sebastopel down to rdnning U to* * * ahundredmDiles in a coodeshell lugger, to oreetll the early mackerel market. God be with you, my brave lads, and with your children after you; for as long as you are what I have known you old EDgland will rule the sa and many a land beside ! "But in going up Aberalva-street, you remark several things; first, that the houses were all whitewasbed yesterday, except where the snowy white Is picked out by buttresse of pink and blue; next, that they al have bright green palings in front, and bright green window-sills and frames; next, that tbey are al roofed with shining gray slate, and the space bet*een the window and the pales flagged with the same; next, that where such space is not flagged, It is fuU of flowers and shrubs which stand the winter only in our greenhouses The fchbsla are 10 feet high, laden withripe purple berries running over (for there are no birds to pick them off); and there, in the front of the coastguard lieutenant'shouse, is Cobaeascandens, covered with purple claret-glasses, a ithas been eversince Christmas: for Aberalva knows no winter, andc there are grown-up men In it who never put on a skate or made a snow-ball in their lives A most cleanly, bright-coloured, foreign-looking street is that long straggling onoewhich runs up the hill towards Penalva Court; only remark, that this cleanliness is gained by making the gutter In the middle street the common sewer of the town, and tread clear of cabbage. leaves, pilchard bones, et id ge,sua omne. For Aberalv is like Paris (if the answer of a celebrated sanitay reformer to the Emperor be truly reported), ' fair without, but foul withln', " However, the wind is blowing dull and hollow from southwest: the clouds are roling faster and faster up from tbo Atlantic; the sky to westward is brassy green; the glass is falling fast; and there Will be wind and rain enoueh to night to sweep even Aberalva clean for the next week.' We have incorporated this description partly for its local fidelity, partly because its closing suggestions of coming tempest and cholera indicate the points upon which the subsequent interes of the story hinges. Thus the coming tempest casts upon the shore a disabled vessel, out of which Tom Thurnall, returning to England, is washed, alone of all its crew, and is rescued by Grace, who is the first to discern and drag him to tera firma. At the same time, while he is in a state of insensibility, his belt containing his golddust disappears, and he very naturally suspects the person who first handled him of having stolen it. The suspicions of Tom are artistically managed so as not to lower Grace in the opinion of the render, who," from information he receives," has better reason to keep his eye on the movements of Grace's mother, a covetous old Methodist. Tom Thurnall himself treats his misfortunes very airily, and instead of making an effort to reach his father, which would perhaps have been the nattiral roceeding in his circumstances, contrives to locate Eimself with Heale, the viDage surgeon, where his capacities for making himself useful soon establish him on a somewhat irregular footing, to the disconmfiture of Heale himself, a boozing old practitioner. At Penalva Court, the property of Lord Scoutbush, now resides his Lordship's married sister and her husband, Elaley Vavasour, the latter a potc chevdeu, author of A Soul's Agonies and of two or three small infants, who divert his partners attentions from the aforesaid agonies to the infinite irritation of his susceptible nature. Elsley Vavasour is speedily identified by Tom Thurnall as his former fellow student, John Brlggs; but Tom makes a discreet use of his knowledge, and even wins Rriggs's good graces by complimenting hlm on his poetical reputation. By similar exhibitions of wbat we shall perhaps offend Mr. Kingsley by terming the Jesuitry of common life, he gets into the good graces of everybody in the neighbourhood, Grace herself included, who, having fallen in love with him, manifests her love in her peculiar manner, by endeavouring to save his souL Tom shrugs his eyebrows at her efforts in this behalf, but reciprocates the tender sentiment, though retaining his suspicions of het honesty, in a singular combination of sentiment, which, althoughl so remarkably strange and unusual, we can still imagine within the bounds of possibility Notwithstanding the unflattering comments of Mrs. Jleale, the wife of the boozing .Esculapius, to the effect that Tom Thurnall's " manners is those of the pothouse, when the cloven foot is shown, which it's his nature as a child of wrath, and we can't expecb otherwise," Tom, partly by his obliging useful activity, and partly by the Jesuitry of which we spoke, takes a firmer and firmer root in Aberalva; but the improbability stl attaches to his position, that though he has been roving for years about the world, and though he is represented as a most affectionate son, he continues to make no effort to visit his aiflicted father. Towards the end of the second volume the cholera, against which Tom had vainly urged precautions, comes upon Aberalva, and rQtains him there, struggling manfully against the apathy, the Ignorance, and the terrors of its inhabitants. Then he,has to reason Grace Harvey out of her belief that fighting against the cholera is fighting against God; he has to combat the selfish and animate the despahring, to direct the vague enthusiasm of Headley, the curate, and of the other uinselfish characters into practical channels; and he has to justify his retention in the verv centre of the scene by the self-asserting vigour and working efficiency which are Mr. tings leg's chief requisite constituents of a hero.I At this stage Tom Thurnall becomes a very edifyig spectacle, while he continues to be an amusing and attractive character,-in our estimation a worthy specimen of humanity, though hoterodox in his theology, and in some respects not unlike a certain Camb idge man of the l.9th century, whose con-' tempt for simpering Oxfordmen, admiration of brawn and, muscle, and well-known desire to make even tailors "earnest," are here coupled with a recent and' therefore obtrusive appreciation of the wonders ot the seashore, disclosed to him by the microscope. At the outbreak of the Russian war Tom, though rooted in Aberalva and still in love with Grace, sets out for the East, whither Grace, having rescued his belt from her thievish mother, whom she subs quently buries, follows him as one of the Crimean nure, and so endeavour to restore it. Her project is disappointed for the present, and until they both meet afterwarads in his fatherWs houe on his return to exchange mutual explanations. In the meantime Tom has been softened by imprisonment in a Russian gaol by mistake, and is now open to religious influeneces, as we learn-rsther suinmiHry in tbe last page or-.two of the very lat chapter. So he surrenders himself to Grace to complete his conversion, proposing to her simultaneously to become bis wife, and on Grace's acdeptauce of this double function, by a summary process of evanoratlon, " the old heart passed away from Thomas 1thurnall, and instead of it grewv up a heart like-his father's, even the heart of a little child." So we leave him by a somewhat abrupt termination, subsiding into a regular ratepayer and model parishioner. Around Torn, who thus marries as a hero is bound to do, in the courso of his adveutures, xre grouped a number of characters, all of thera more or less inge- niously depicted. Tom's father, addicted to the. microscope also, and a Major CnimpbeU with similar propensities, are prominent figures, and the latter is also an important actor. As a former lover of Briggs's wife. Lucia,, and who in a severe and strictly proper sense still sympathizes with his old flame, he is the means of exciting the unwarrantable jealousy of. the poet himself, of driving him from his homne, and finally out of the world, throlgh a course of laudanum, despair, and rbeumatic fever. Tom Thurnall doet his best to save Briggs from perdition, and their later inter-, course is recounted with great force and pathos. But Major Campbell with his concentrated ardour and impassive exterior, especially whei his microseopio taste are supera;dded, is a h.ighly conscientious and respectable bore. He is alwrays going to exc- plode and always stifling his feelings llke a Congreveroclket with aj capacity for self-control, or a combins'. tlon of bombebdil and-iire annihilator. This well-. regulated combustible is, moreover, not entirely absolved in our eyes when we find him so inconveniently iysnpathizing -with married ladies, and as there was no openitg to convert' him or make bim more " earnest" than he, wass we are resigned when M1r. .Kingsley buries. him on I CathcartVs-hill. A number of other characters are allowed to live, at the expeme of being made earnest, with a more cordial assent ana interest on our par. To this intent the cholera operates at Aberalva upon its rude population of coastguards and fishermen. Headley, the curate there, contrives to make an earnest womnn of Valentia, the beautiful uister of Lord Scoutbush, and marries her in consequence-an encouragement, we should say, to other curateis to go and be earnest likewise. Stangrave, a diZettante gentleman from New York, is made earnest in the cause of abolition by his love for Cordiflamma, the Creole, whom Tom Thurnall had rescued; and Lord Scoutbush, through his rejection bv the same potent beauty, is made earnest in the cause of his country, and receives a severe wound at ITkermann. Trebooze of Trebooze, whos name suggests his weaknes, becomes earnest or gets his new lesson in this manner :-" Terrified into sobriety he went into. the militia, and soon took delight therein., He-worked for the first time in his life, early aud late, at a work which was suited for him. He soon learned not to swear and rage, for hIs men would' not stand it, He got into better society and better health than he ever had had before. With new selfdiscipline has come new self-respect; and he tells bis wife frankly that if he keeps atraight henceforth be has to thank for it his six months at Aldershott." Thus most of the characters run a course of moral improvement, and are Indebted either to their bereavementa or afflictions; and the sources of such improvement in almost every case are violently remedial, whether love, war, or cholera. How the moralists will sanction this theory of human culture, this incessant recurrence to exceptional influences, to shocks and disturbances of our normal state, is for them to decide; nor can we presume to usurp their functions. But the Oxford "Simperers," who are more conversaut with Aristotelian wisdom than the writer who regards them so lightly and contemptuously, would probably ascribe a stronger influence to habitual conduct, and would allege the extreme improbability of converting so mn y varieties of chracter by the agenev of rare and passionate emotions. Given the theorem to change the natures of an imaginary group by a series of exciting incidents, and Mr. Kingsley is no doubt adequate to the performance, for, like every other novelist, he is absolute in his ideal world, and can accomplish results there which in the natural w,orld would be marvellous. In the course of three volumes everything is possible to the ardent theorist and diciplined inventor. He can bruise his characters in hs artistic mortar, he can triturate and crush and amalgamate their differences, or he can wash them to and fro in the waves of circumnstance, and employ them like the pebbles of his seaside investigations in rounding off each other's moral imperfections. There is no limit to his powers of modification or conversion if he dispenses with the obligation to follow the course of probability, if he prefers effects which he conceives desirable to representa_ions which will prove consistent,-if, in short, We treats his office as a part of his ministry, and his characters as a congregation to be treated ruthlessly as such. Under any circumstancers, with eminent abilities rsuch as Mr. Kingsley's, he wiU produce a story which must interest; he will conceive personages to display his subtle analysis; he will dispose and contrast them skilfully so as to elicit opposite views of the motives and olpects of life, and he wil rivet his readers tiUl they close his volumes-till, in fact, they ask themselves if the lesson which he sets out to teach them does not involve such arbitrary treatment of his examples, such a substitution of exceptions for rules, and of desires for reaities, aa to ke a faulty novel out of an improbable VieW of life. The Philis,tine who watches the predicament into which Mr. Carlyle has conducted bis disciples willl find s,ome amusement, moreover, in observing that Mr. Kingsley pursues his purpose at en additional sacrifice. What can be more obvious than that Tom Thurnall is his hero, and that the character of Tom Thurnall is favourably presented to the reader because it is the type which attracts the author's admiration ? Against honest Tom himself we have not a syllable to allege, though he does his work in a way that more than approximates to audacity, and which wil commend itself to restless and athletic adventurers. His character is admirably conceived and displayed; it is, in fact, a masterpiece; and there is much to be said for his want of sound views, if without sound views he could bring forth such very sound fruits. There is more in the world doubtless than is dreamt of in Tom's philosophy. If the world was not intended for pleasure or enjoyment, except throughthe active instincts of our nature, there would be little room left for the encouragement of contemplation. John Briggs would be truly an empty vessel, worthless in the sight of man and offensive in the eye of heaven. But anything which we could urge in behalf of John Briggs and his kind is opposred to the natural preferences of a school oi which Mr. Kingsley is either a follower or a teaeher. That school tends to exalt action; it will not permit us to be passive or listless; it enjoins energy and self saritice, tells us that life is a prolonged race or a protracted battlefield, a perpetual engagement with moral and physial inertia; it makes little or Do allowance for that need of repose which is half the requirement of average humanity; it requires us to find something to do and to do it with our might, and it will scarcely allow us to rest or preserve our spiritual equilibrium, for it runs after us with a scourge if our handrs are empty and our eyes are turned anywhere but to the work before us. Honour to that school for its many wholesome influences and for its living exemplars and their noble endeavours, though apart from their fruits the eorteric doctrines of some of them are supposed to be as vague or heterodox as Tom Thurnall's. But given Tom Thurnall as the presentment of a worthy member of society, on the principles of this school, how undesirable it was to change him! Mr. 3ingzley postpones the task as long as he can, and at the last revolts from describing the process, huddling it up on his last three pages with the final explanations of Grace Harvey and the passionate embraces which c6mplicat6 that exhausting situation. Tom Thurnall up to this point was Mr. Kingsley's favourite, but he finds himself under the necessity of sacrificing him to the lesson which he undertook to teach us in his introductory chapter. And when this necessity comes to be dealt with Mr. Kingsley aotually turns away his head while Tom is made a model parishioner, or if he must officiate at his converslon it is obvioua that he wilfully hurries over the service. As we said above, theobs,ervant Philistine goes away from the ceremQny more amused than edified, aud questions If the moral lesson will cause him much anxiety. Now,Mr. Kingsley, we believe, bas brought himself into this difficulty by completely mistaking the functions of a novelist. A novelist may "teach ?essonr." We cordially allow that a novelist may write all the better for having a purpoe; but the purpose of the noveliat is to act upon the reader, and not to convert the characteru c£ his creatiwm He is moost likely to effect his purpose by roprewxtations of lif e Which the reader will find probable, in which the chatactArs for the mjt tart act as vre mnight expect. them -to act, in which they are -tolerably copsistent with their imaginary antecedents, or in, consissta t .only to the limits of our eoxperlence, and not of our dreanis, our aspirations, or our theories. Under such conditions of repreenutation virtue and vice will be fairly, sequential; the one pny be made to bear the palm and .the oth6rthe penualty toencouragq or deter the interested observer, who 1i unconscious of the purpose till, the *ork is completed. The purpose should never be patentor aobtrusive sill leM should it involve the pantomimnio e±pedient of a chanze of nature in the dramzatispersoe in the face of the audience and in the course of 'the piece. Paint characters as. you. conceive they are and will reniain, and leave. the reader to make his inferences, but don't paint them in the name work as you find they are and as you conceive they ought to be, for then you willrevolt the reader by'the incongruity. Keep, the moral out of thel fable, or you will spoil the fable and moral together; and don't distort factz to inculcatedoctrines, oryou wil involve them, as here, in unmanageable confusion. If Mr. Kingsley: would study the works of a greater artist-we mean Mir. TiEacke*ayy-he would find examples in point. Mr. Thackeray rarely writes without a purpose, yet all is natural, persistent, and accordant; his characters are true to themselves to the end of the cbapter%an4 it is only on seeking the pur-. port of their exhibition that we find out, when the curtain has dropped and the actors are dismissed, that .ve' h4ye been listening to a grand homily against some meanness or afifectation; The purpose, is more impress,ive as a moral leison if the artrist Is not saCrificed to the iatiece of the ther,' and itthe-moyal-:issply sugger,ted wthiIethe' rt : mains unimpeachable.*
LECTUBS. AT TH.$ INNS OF CoURT. The following is a prospectus of the lectures to be delivered during the ensuing educational ter4 by the several Beaders appointed by the Inns of Court " CO-NSMTIOTAL LAW AND LWAL MSTOBY. "The public lectures to be delivered by the Readeron Constutional Iaw and Legal History Wil comprise the fol. lowring 8u1ject.8:- "The Beign of George IL, the Progrem of our Jurls dence, the State Trils and Deates in Parliament. 'ph; Reader will thew trace the OW n and Progrese of our Con. sdtutloud through the rueighs of the Plantagenets, the Tudors, and the Stuarts. "In his private cdssee the Reader ill follow the same -Books.-2indal or Bels7iamfs History of Georg tae &cond; Blackstoas Commrraries, by Kerr, vols. 1 and 4; -olitical BqrisW and *Annual Beoar d urinfg ahe ?e;i;dPariiamnentarj itory, Ho2lasms Conutitut*iishat Hitor &vaiu5e Boo1i; Preface to aibr on Ules by2 Sugdn; .heador.'e Tgeais4 ! bauhewc Pa,-i, .Ree~ete .*st6rvof tAc A:ngtz*1Lawa, Suttfran'a Lcstures, Forteacue dc audlbus Legum A21gIue (Asos's edition.), MWar's Histry of the Constitution, Ureaey on the (fonstit tion. - ' ' :' EQuIY 0' The Reader on Equity proposes to deliver during the ensuing educatiopal Term a course of i lectu on the following subjeats - t " L On the General Prlnoiples adopted by Courts of Equity with referance to Trusta and to Equitable Encau. brances on Real and Persona Estate. "2. On notloe.andRegistrAtion. !'3, On the Reet afforded in Equity against Penalties and Forfeitures. "4. On the Natnre of Legal Mor*gaes. "5. On the EquitableRights andRe}medies of Mortgaors and Mortgagees. " 6. On the Jurisdiction of the Court over Charities. "The Reader will continue with lis senior and junior classes the genenl courses of equity already commenced. He *ill also continue in the senior class and oommence in the junior to explain the.llading rules of pleading in equity from the work of Lord gedesdale. " Tui LAw oF RxAL PROPEnTy. The eader on the Law of Real Property proposes to delive in the ensming educational! term a course of nine publio lectures ou the following subjects "1. The Insolvency Aols, so far as they affect the LAw of Real Property. "2. On Conditions of Sale. " 3. A c-om,nlson between the Old and New Law with respect to wig "44. The Statutes Istof Victoria, cap. 26, and 15th and 16th of Victoria, cap. 24, 5. The decidons upon those Statutes. "In his private classes the Reader on the Law of Real Pro]-a rty wilekrer more particularly to the cases citedin the publo liotrss. Ie wi also endeavour to go through a comnto conue of Real Pioperty Law, using the work of cshu. aWihuV bamsas a text-book.. "JUtRSPUUDENCe AND TH1 CIvSm LAw. " The Reader on Jurisprucleuce ind the Civil Law proposes to deliver in the course of the ensuing educational term nie public leotures.on the followiug sbiects:- "1. The Inence of oertAin Theories ofthe b omanJurisconsults on International Law and the Existing Rdations of Soverign States to each other, 2. Crimes and Delcets. "3. Ancient Codes: theirt?ature and Influence. "4. The conception of Equity, and the Forms it has asumed ii various systems of Jurisprudence. 5. The development of theRoman Law. "With his private class the Reader wllproceed through the princlpal departments of Roman Law ig as his text hook the Systema Juris }omawni 1o7is Uitati, Latin edition of Miackeldey (beginning at pae 132). " The Reader will endeavour to form a seoond class for the study of the Elements of Romaz Law. This latter class is Intended for gentlemen who have no previous acquaintance with the Roman jurisprudence. t will read the Institute of Justinian beginning at their commencement, " CozmoN LAw. The Reade on Common Iaw proposes to deliver during the ensuing educational term nine public lectures; the first sx of whica will be on the Law of Contracts, and the three remaining lectures on the Law of Bailmenits, as under ' Tn LAw ov OCoNTBAcT L Lcture 1.-On Contracta generally; their Nature and Classification. " Leoture 2.-On Specil Contracts, "Lecture 3.-On Contracts between Landlord and Tenant, and the Remedies incident thereto. "Lecture 4.-Of Simple Contrcs and the Ingredients in a Right of Action ex-.Contsactu. "Lecture 5 wil be devoted to an Inquiry respecting the Natue o ImpielPromises. "Ntur~ie 6.-A general view waill In this lcoture be telren of MKercantije Contracts and Remedies. - "Tx LAw OP BAThETS. "lecture 17.-The Nature and Classificatioa of Ballmentb, with especial reference to the case of ' Coggs v. Barnard.' Lord Raym., 909, will be oonsidered. "lectures 8 ad 9 will be devoted to an examination of the Law applicable to various classes of Bailees, Common Carriers, Mnkeepers, and others. "With his private class the,Reader will consider the Law of Contracts and of Bailments aocording to the plan above indicated, illustrating the subjects treated of by reference to recent cases, and to the following works :-mth's Mer,catile Lan, (ed. by Dowdeswell) anld Leadin*q Cases (4th ed.', Stoy on Bailment.s (5th ed.), Broom's Com-mentariu on the "(By order of the Council), " RICHARD BBTHELL, Chairus. "Council Chamber, Lincoln's -inn, Dec. 18." "The following are the days and hours for the delivery of the public lectures by the Readers appointed by the Inns of Court, and for the attendance of the private clwes - " The Reader on Constitutional Law and Legal History, at Lincoln's-inn HalL Public lectures, Wednesdays, 2p. m. First lecture, the 20th of Jantary. Private lecttures, Tutsdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, at half-past 9 to half-past 11 a .m. First class meets on the 21st of January. Classes meet in the BenchersReading-room. " The Reader on Equity, at Lincoln's-inn HalL Public lectures, Thursday, at 2p.m., first lecture, January 21. Private lectures, Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, at a quarter-past 3 and a quarter-pat 4 p.m. First class meets on the 22d of January. Classes meet in the Bonchers' reAding-roozm "The Reader on the LawS of Real Property, &o., at Gray's-inn Hall. Publio lectures,. Fridays, at 2 p.m.; firt lecture, January 15. Prhiate lectures, MIondAy Wednesdays, and Fridays, at *-quarter to 12 a.m. to a- quarter to 2 p.m. ; first claws meets oLs t. l18th of Januay. ulasses meet in the North Library. 'The Reader on Jurisprudence and Civil La*, at the Middle Temple-halL. Pabio leetures, Tuesdays, at 2 pmn.; first lecture, on the l9kh cf January. Private classes, Tesdays, Thursdays, nd Saturdays, a -uarterto4 p.m. flirst class meets on the 21st of January. lasses meet at lo. 4, Garden-oourt, Temple. *' The Reader on Common Law, at the Inner Temple-halL Publio lectures, Mondays, at 2 p.m. ; first lecture, the 15th of January. Private clasges, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, from a-quarter to 12 a.m. to a-quarter to 2 p.m.; .first classmeets on the 19th of Januar. Class.eet ato i the Inner Temple.hall.. ' Note,-The educational term commences on the llthof January and ends on the 30h of iYaroh. "The first eeting of -each private class will take place on the usual mornin,g or evening of meetin,g next after the first publc lecture on the same subject,"
TH AVZ 4CZMPTArD ZAUNCH 0 T.ZI L VIATHA. An engineer writes to the Buildpr - i "Tha first step in preparing for the launch Was to eler away the mudand dirt to a reguar inclinatio t I in 12 from the ship down to low-water mark} after wU4, the five rows of piles formuiDg each way, *nd varying from 2Z feetlon nesstheshipt,oabDutl6feetneAr low-rator irk, weredriven; te two outer rows on ewh side of ec hwa were pitched 31 eet apart and a distance of 20 feet ieide themu another ramw; but ikZes inside rows. thr,eein number, were pItched 6 feAt apart, so that the breadth Of each wayr- .i780 feet, was dteided into five stripe of 20 feet wide, extending from the bottom of the lhip dows. to low-wator mark. To the- sides of these pilem, Iust below their tOne, -balks of timber,. calfue waling.ploeee,. each -about 12'lnehes square, were bolted, oF the outside of each row onl, by i& inch iron boltbe and tFp surfaceo the e Wudover theaeaof 80.feet wide wis tben tovered with a. ayer of concrete, barely 1 foot thick, upon which otber balkb wrarlaid, abut 2 feet apart, and in luies par l t the rows of piles; thoes balks were as about I foor aqnuaret f concrete was ther put into the empty spac between tlie ; a erd lemveled to a eve; aurfat with their tops; so that bntead of -the ways being eonstructed on '2 feet of concrete' the -whole auperstructure is carred supom only Ioot n tisthn material, and the support dorived from the bolts in the waling-pleaes against the heds of the'piles. "As an instauel of tti amoou t of gan ceaUtloi and fore. sight exhibited throughout this famous laun6bing exploit, it may be mentioned tbat when tke ws' wes completed it was I found' that they were not wideenongh-Cthatils to say, that they were not sufficiently strong to carry the great weight about to be 'lowered' dowitbina, and the consti quenoe was. that clc way was rueroased in width by an addition of 40 feet! which wa done by driving a row o' .piles on -wch side of each way, at adhtane ot 20 feetfriom each outer one, thus making the rows of ples in ech way seven in :x mber, an d cofcrethe balks, o4ling peoesd of., were added, as wa done In etrgtructig the td part Already completed. 'What addition this made to th, fi estimate for the launoa would be an inteortng item; bat' there can be no doubt that the total con will foriT t craluable record for the archives of the Institution of Civil' Egineers, where theytmight he s1nolld an a sort of thing to bea-voi'ded, with a. salutar effect.- " We noW COMt tD tho 'Ultra dsel and, 'check-tackle,' which is thus described:- 'rThe most interesting and important parts of the materI conranected with the lanchbing of the Leviathan are the hobeok-tackles." In front of the cradles, or she shore side of the ship, and in order to regulate the too rapid des-ent of the vessel and retard her progress should itbes bcome- 1 rapid, two immiense rctionedrums, or eapstans, have been congtructed. TheD drun parts of these machinee round which the main chains a coiled, are 18 feoet long, by 8 indarete, and ae connmected with the tradles by poe c1thisaie nnst chue in thiekuesm of link, weigphig c wt. to the fathgm,pssingrodnd double-sheaved irontbloksi the framework of the cradle.% and, with brakest betsrlgs, &., wjeigh no less than 60 tons each. The whols ar been fstened- lirmly by meAn of piles driven into the earth, so asto resis any poassble straini that might be put uposn them (e. Tvsey are, without doubt, the largest and mos poWeru idof the ladever contracted. The ang ei f the barrl which carry the chain serve for the brakes;. they acrometly foot,wide ande 3feet Indamter. coud bthese are bands cet strps of wroughdt irot, 12 inches wide by 1 inch thick, which. can be tightaned up by means of levers 15 feet long,; worked by blocl pulleys. The chain after being carefuri wound upon the bireen , o paed trof the sheavestho two lower ones being Attched to the cradis. The end is thri secured to the timber framing which carries the whole apparatus, and is constroted In the strongest possible way. Nothing has been left undone to render this parteQfthataskle as effectiveasitcan.shmade., Theframes which artry al this are constructed of timber driven to the depth of miany feet inLto the ground, md strutting the timber framing of the wa s, the whole being ewr getber by bolts and ties. In hse framings ar a paced the hydraullo preFt es which start the veseL The neesrty and efficienzy of the "cheek-taclde" ing ontroling the deIosnt of the -vessel wpe fully proved at.the first' attemp to luc. ."We find from the above thatr the I iheck-tckdse' and rmashirnery were found to work admirably, and showed how completely the movemen ts of the monster could be controlled, and. that their necessty and efficiency in controlling the descent of the ship were fully proved at the are lipt to 'launch, This, no doubt, reads well, and looks remaxably gand; bat so far from their efficiency aving beenr proved, or their having in any way been shown to be of -the slightest utility In checking the ship, the contrary is satisfatborily proved by the fac that when the ship stopped after her first movement, and at the moment it was reported that she was held by this 'cliheck-tackle,' there was at least one foot of slack betwee each cradle and cheokdrum. 1,Aother circumstance haasproved the complete useleos. nes p of the costly apndages-viz, that at every renewed attempt to launch, a with everything slack and nothing to stop herbut I'friction,' it has been found nealy impossible to start her, or keep her in moiaon with the overwheiming power appled to goet her along. i Instead of parrying ona series of vagaries (dignified by the title of Iexperiments') with a couple of pieces of balk, some ratois and a few tons of ion, in order to hdiscover' the amount of fri6tion of metal uopn mstsi, which, by the by, was done some thirty years, a snce by Morln and others, it wold ave beenifar bettor to profit ia this intanceatloast by thO oprience of ot anss, i I The followng-is frioni the Jthgineer' "S So far as we may trusa deAption, the way Is formed of 14nacs balks laid side by side on pites, paralle with the vessel, at the distance of S itiches azprt. On ths are laid bridge rails, appArently of the Grest Western ty at i ht angles athwart the balk, aito 18 inches apar. oThe ralea that hear on these rails are supported on flat iront bas 1 incl by 7inches,haloeslfnhes aipart, 'Thes earing surfac of the aars on the rails form an ar of aboutt 1,700 foot, "1The total weight of .the yessells,in. round numubers, 12,000 tons-'seven tons pel square foot, or about 109Tb. per squtae Inch,Estimatingthe'friction at one-fifth of the total ight, we have 2,400 a ton; And allowing 1,000 tons for the effect of gravity down the incline of ind12, the total resistancfa which shouf have been provided for Is about 1,40 tons. sr lS ydraulito press witn l ;ninch rams would bec empeteat to this, supp g the weight torbeeually distributed over the two ptlnes of the cradve s and the ral being 1,8451b. per squae footl or 131b. pe squar inro be milar presses would be competent to glit he oraft bodlny into teair, supposing'an uinyielding fulcrum could be formied beow "acltow, tseems, acme 10ra are at weas , o tvaryiniromn sevensto10inches diameter, inaddition to ch an f t they only succeed in gsvint ipuls to the vessel itke ubses at d osin t te pressing on Ashort slide, atr whier, h large vesselagain roniessth to rest-' ohns up,' as th e s ilors phrae It Bowsthis tobe accounted -for? "Only one thezsuotion of ae Ian e incrlaing of srfae owing to yineering sciende,latlons,or to time flexibility of si face es form fg successive waves Cofrails over which the cradles areforced.n.thwre virstd plae, it is not probable that In I&Y down the raus an exact plane Is produced - and, secndly, the mode of forming the cradles would tend to induce nequality. The niode appers to be as followa :-The flta plates were laid on the raiml, bard timbers were laid on the plae and the shores In various lengths were the xthrown, intoeteir placme by means of swung beams, If the-foundtion-the rails-had been a perfect plane, the cradle anaface would have been a fae temi; I if a yielding undulating plano the cradle wouldcorresdon to it, and the whole wouil form a kind of jiggle-join which,oven sppoodn the waves or undulattons only to fise half an inch, woul add very materially to the resistance. "It is quite clear that the calculations, however correctly maBd, must have been basd on he t formed from false perc-aptious. It was supposed that the vessel would slie down like an ordinary launch, or even quicker, so that various preparations were made to hold her in check by irony cables but the chief difficulty has been to get her to move, and no calculation seems to have been arrived at as to the aonucnt of resistance. The *sole has been a mere system of trial and error. If one hydraulic pres and two chains. won't do, what will two do?7 If not two, what will four do ?- and so on. And the disadvantage bas been the incessnut broaka~s of machinery by the oversasking of inefficient power, whale the unequal progress of the two ends of the vessel has aggravatedi the friction of the undulating incline. "1Engineering science, If anything, is a science of positive knowledge on which predictions may be f-ounded. We have example-s of this in the Conway and Britannia Bridges. Experiments were devised and inventionas were achievedl in which the actual structure was predicted and ordained, and this whole work was accomaplished with exactituda. "Ini the launching of the Leviathan a new process was devised-a systenis of iroL slides. TL2s was- the invention either of the engineer himself, or of some persox. or persons employed by him, and it was adopted -without pevusoue x- per.iment. Now, Air. Brunel haz peculiar Ideas on the sublect of invention, as may be gathered from, his evidence on the subjectof the Patent Laws. He-therein-.lays it down as an axiom. that all inventions are the psoduction of working men, aLnd that a mnan producing anything good would be rewarded by a fair-dealing. master 'with 21. seln.If a very good invention,. and s-very generous mater, ~nthe prize would be inorsesed to. R~ JXL4 Mr. Brunel invenat the iren slides himself,. or, were they pro. duzced by his working men? In any cas the invention wou1ld be dear at 21., and it is probable' that the company ould~ be glad to compromis for many. thousands with_any inv,ntor or other who could iisure themn aggainst further expenses by the unsatisfactory system of " trial and error.' The rails and cradle slides would in such. ca be made stiff enough to prevent defletion, the iron woula be galvanized to prevent rust, and lubricators wovld be provided with eertain action, or the ordinary 'wooden slides wold be tesozted to. "This launob iben, ha no Itrest, la an engieerlng point of'viets, becausa It is-known tha, wih su6vient force and srfficient fulcrum, th5eor any other bulkorwelght may be inoved within the linjiAs of ckesion. There is an interest of a vulgar kind in the mers aMttibute of 'hInes6`-a quality which, itis rem=rked. is worshipped especaly by the Saxon vulgar on bcth sides the A tlsI " There is another izterest. All people like the exhibition -of 'pluck,' buaery, hardiheod, valour. And the public beholds the egj7neer-the devAtsirae ina-stloking to It day after dty, oping agalst hope-the very incarnation of a 'forlorn iope'-with the ful belief that there be will remain, even to the end of timneif need be, and go do with the vesael the SxtereS lerealg like the forme" launnb of the wckgad Gret PBrit%ai froum Dandram Bas., A brave man sisugglin with advensity was, acording to tie ancients, a sptacle tibe gods hived to look down on. 3f tho bravei- be not mete- dogged arrogance, aza if thereto be added a genial and generous spirit, reco, ng the nnerit of all helpers and astisnts-a chivros r.te like tls's of a Havelook and an Outraur-tis worAft ox a eat ',ork becont e a popular hero, and such a xWs oates be designated by thoge who surround iins an4 love bim, a"1'9 The Chief.' l' With regard to the utility of the vessal shen aiMe&e, her value as a vohicle of goods transDort fs much doubtd. As a pamsesger vessel, hopes are entertair.ed that the great obstacle to the multiplieation of sea cravellers_ser sIcknesa-will he put an end to bT bl wiie, a to peed, it is CTM7 doub1al X Aeb wiU uiwed; thUt of Ai*ft vseMWd And the mode of gtwtu1re-eYery altemate pgau of ir tormnng a broad rib with valva of the &djOI PIa in either side, #il give jiaraeed mletane in thoe wAr, wi$h advaxUte ground for bernaeles te bold on in the aeglee."
LADN7H OF TP "LAYIrATHAY.. .-TO TTE 1EDITOI &T TEETIMES. Sir,-The experiments of Morn aeb others hive proved that wronght,iron sllding upon wo en occionss fnc. tienacousinygtoubout 44pereet. of she weightof the mass z oved. The " leviathn a weigb. aboat 12,000 tons, the bm of her cradie are ahod wit wreegl-iron bars, and obe ht*to adli4e g 1rr irg ls. Thus, if the oawy were perhotly hori"tal a eonstat preser of about 5,000 tns-w*Wd be reqeird to keep 3er ln rsecio%. But the iron mils, which form the ways "on whih the ras of tle Cradlc-bae are it-nded to slider a pleoed at an incline I I in 1; winch is at an ang of aboxt 7 degrse with the pIe.e of the korlao. SeNw, the bet exerkaente, (iorx'u, Ronnie', &e4.) and caul,thon, show that. an angeot about 23 degroesis required to admit of sua m#ow slig by the actien of gra ty aone. This angle would give an injiline of abont two- in thiee. We thus see. tat an eweasea smountef presure would be required to' push the ee} down the smalliae eohm hls-that is, it she is kept. t check an not slbowae t-o acqire momentwm. Iowe.hg a kip slow down eaoin. clined plnue and leuo g ker sretwo vYe differenlrpro. ces. lr. Ptanetol dootempated, ar, adopted hiu mbchinery to, the fomer. And I think, how, e*r we may adInirf kis psadehce, th* we monat eomp to the oonhioz tbat te foroe which, he pro, ided to overcome the Tolsimae of friction were exceedlDgly inadequte. Por, snmkmgfzston and alwesion of guffae to amount to 5;6tees, and alowing for the declivity of the ways, and for AM acet morniotan- that.. kiJan oould- have afelyadmitted, as ontinuAl pteure of 3SO00 tons, if not obe9oltael need, ought to haM tle ayailable at any ina t fe? s em, to havs been certain. 81111, in my opinion, lb . &uIe mu neh 4aue tofelulcltate-iself upon what ha been duo. There t noble. 4ip stands, after havin been.aafely moved over a apae of 100 feeti ting upon her admirably constructed oradles. 0, erm'Y XS St. Paul'S upon it& foundation, and extibiting % spedmen of rAv a bie pproached in magnitude, unaurpaeed- in qYmsatry and beauty of form, unequlled in workansnahip, ane, demonstrativeou the atregth afforded by the cellular principle on which Ahe is construeted. There it almost sublimit in the spectacle of her two enormous overhauglagends, each above 100 feet long, resting on nothing day after day, and yet. causing no apparent fexure in her lines. -It appears to mne that the restest-diffledby ha been aarm6nihted. Assuredly there wag infinitely more daDger In maavBg the ahip through the f&sk 10Q feet tfan oould now arise from alraost any posible reeklesne.. I say, reotrau. igd ship no longer,-launch her Le The q,uion is, how is this to-be done?. I will venture. to submit an answer to this question-first, however, pre. ining two or three eonsiderations. The sh1p now sndsn..], a'bout four feet of water at spring tides, and Is-depth would ntreSe U the vesel moved, thus. offering a oounteracting effect. to her aocolerated momentUrn. The reiance of the water, it may fairly be premmed, would prevent the ship from rushing into the river windasngowus velocity, for vesselsof 2,000 tons hkav -been- "my launchod, staro first,their transverse sections being the approximate me&. iures of the fluird' resistanoe, whereas the longitudinak teittica section of the Lqviathan would be a* right angleg with the line of motion, presenting a, surface to the resistance of the water at leuet 24timos as large s the aea of the greatest tranerse section o;,a2G0004on ship; and, considering that momentum increases simY A velocity increases, while the resistanca would increase in the ratioof its squares, It *ould seem that fear, and not prudence, would suggest danger from the process of leanching the vesse from her present position in the, ordinary; wap with. out restraint while liding. It appearsto me that this is now prcticable, and thAt without " setting the vessel up," " blocking and shoring her," or disturbDg ber cradles, as, suggested by g correspondent on thoQyde. The Leviathan rests upon two platforms, each about 80'feet by 320 feet, which form the bases of, ths cradl, and slide with ker. The surface on which they slide is coomposed of a series of rails, such as are used on the Great Western. Eailway.- These are fmly seured to- the ways at a distance of about 18 imches from wach other Thus, the under part of the sldlng platform is kept at adistance from the wooden surface of the ways equal to the height or breadth of the-rails. I venture, then, to suggest that the- spae between the rails offer the meint of changing the present dilatory mode of -moving the vemel to an actual and expeditious launch. In the first place, the present declivity one inch in a foot, is not neesry for l>unching; chips-are coisantly beis, launched at a less dedlivity,-viz., & of an ineh n foot. This is a fortanate circumstance, becaase, as Wi be seen, it wrll enable us speedily to bring the present abraiding surfaces out of oontact with each other6 Each of the cradles at present restsupon about 80ails; between the rails there Is a space of about 16lnches, and between the cradle-base and the ways. there is a space of about 33 inches; that is, weo bave nder-ealc eredle about 80 spaces, each about 16 inches broad and 33 ijches deep. I think it would be adviable to-have plank.of about a loot in breadth, of AfriAnt te k, iron barm osany otherhard ;wood, or even of Ildian tealk or.pine if the hard wood is not obtainable, then, of sach material, to form.wedge. Like sole-pleces, the length of whfchto be the. badth of, the-radle, its width about a foot (as stated), its thckness at oneBnd the width of the iron rails, and atthe other end as thin Ls convenient. One sach sole-piece, to be-attached to the ander ade of the cradle-base between everp two rails There would be some difficulty, no doubt, in doing this; but Bh!, Hepworth, whose llL is- so manifest in the whole structure of the veswe3t would easily contrive themens of sumountng it Thereis -Sufficient spaoe between the nprights of the cradle to-adeait of screwi being put through its banr into the sols plece, sufficient to secure it without protruding through it- under slde. which mnst be kept perfectly plain aud smoothi. The sharp ends of these. ole pieces should point to the- river and their, -tick ends nearly fill the spaoe, vertcoallr, under the Inner pArt-of the ,radle. The spaces between the rails and undor tbe cradles, for 12 inches out of 16, wold, thus be reducod from their Driginal pallel diMensiont to-.about a3. inchks deep a the end next the river, and to nothing, at the end on the Iand.side of the ship. Having accomplished this, it would be necsary. to pro-- pare the same number of wedgele Pieces, of- the anie dimsensions, to be laid on the.waysi-meditely under the so0e-pPIOcU, but of course in. a contrary direction with xegxrd to their thick and thin end. Mrineglue mght be used to. make them adhere to the ways; but this, from a considera. tion which will presently appear, would perhap be unneces- sary. These pieces should net be of sufficient thickness. to fill up the whole space, a quarterof aun inch should be allowed for a good thick- unguAnt to. be placed between.. their upper surfaces and the under. side of- the sole-pieces. We should thus hare two. surfaces,- with a3 unguent. between them, for slidfing& on. an inclins which, would be. less than the incline of the iron rails to-the extent of 31 in. 960, hut which would be.moro than sufficient to enable the. vessel to launch herself - whln once put. well in motion. Having thus prepar"d underneath the sradles, it would then. be necesary to remore all therails btweea thossaunder the, cadles and bow-waer mLark,. Thin plank, 3Sn. thikk, should. be laid upo3 the ways, to. butt agsndst -1h thic!. ends, of. the wadge piceas lid under the cradlas, whichawould pasvent.thalattn. IrPm hilftlng. Thia planlshould cover.in width thawhole% surfaee over which the ctadles would have to slide, and be. tended about SOf froin.h. oradles4.dovthe wa%y. The, upper suraoe euld be ismmod. with asonvex. aurvatue Eo that the lower part shonzd.hareducedto. a. festheredge7 and merge Into the reent declivity of, the Was Th,, whole of this surface, s well a. tho wya.belm it, slould, be covered with a mi=u= of tallow ad, sft soap, or any other preferable unguent. The means of alidiag beingthus,prspred, the. ne.xt tbhi Ilto movo the ship. It s.ppars tome that aLthe ,prcbhasu on the river aide shuld bai abandoead; ths-foremost chain, has a feAniol twisthug strem upon the fore part of the ship and the aftermos6 one I likely to strain prejoluiy the creaw shaft; and I. feel.panuade4 that thes purchases ca well be-dispens with. The w overwhich tboshe php been, moved are asfrnv aasroc, and rely any ordinary mochInio couMd contriw ua a, for any number oF kydraulLn or odler presses that might be xeqnired to. move the vessel anupar 'imeoy. in tb1srepeei would be foly. lacka and prsses mIht easily be -otined s fficient. to insr th vasi,l meoving, if thy are properly applied. When she begat to. move she would also begin to ris l&m th e s 1he would lft herself o ilthem an sighihof a inch I a yard, although the entre of gravity of the Vhole -moving mass would be lowerd about 2i iue&e Nor tocl4 shle compress tood woo s o s- o cuterac thlg effec for the.s rid surac wuld e nreae sixfold, If not igXtfo; and as the aa of it woul 'amount to abores 12,00 sque feet, thp pressure would mot be more than aL ton per square foot, which it-old sustin without &LT Mso% hlevous compresdon. I submit the above uggesuions with a pertfe o a eao. *ass that those who ar employed about the ship atc en. iltled to ray deferenoe, and that minds of t highest ed V re engaed with the sme subject, I bop. ipy sggo1i may be unneceusry. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. NA&UQVU.
To the CHAXEXAN end MIEERS o tOfe METXOPOLITLE GeSem ~ OAR HAVE the honour to offer nyself uA a Cardldtet ...o t hc Bnzy orahin ofthSe Disinlot or Larnbeth, ,aoant by the dms oitr Shte M* r. logan I shall worysrl legbeo. a kOn credentials .wil U IonEl Ded witlh your approbetlna It electea, s hell do e.ydrrty totebe t ot m yabll Lam QenUemen. your obh'asrvnant. . DIOBV s .WYATT, Arhe. 84. Gunlldlord.ree, W.C. Dec 28. S OUTH CA10-tbLNA BONI)S.-The H 1 YEABLY DIVIDElND on the above B9ND$, negoa by enrs. PaItmer. MakI1b Dent andO.. due On the1so Januay next. wil be PAID, at thar eountlng.hotie on tat del and ere subseguent day (exceot Satudas). between the hour of 11 ad . 'Lir Coupons, with a likt in numerial orde, mus bn le two e dare preuiourqy for examination. Printed foems may obtwined upo application at the offooe of YF Pamer, Yaklilov. Dent, and Co.. llX.Ktns &rns.yard, Da. 26,157 1 MPEHIAL B3HAZILIAN SINK IG FUND.- .1i8ve per Cent. Loan of 1S43 (ntItled Bilsian EmWire pund. n conforrmiy withr the advenlssent in The Tira., London GAte. sen other papers in July last, In -fe'eneS to the drawing by lt ot 229Boads of thin Lois,. todeltler £3,600, for eirbaremt at Pr on the Ist of Januay, 18S. notlce is brb7 "Un. that BONDS of tis loan, bearing tie nambesx advertLad, t be PAID Or at var on p entatnn Mat the otlne of M Les N. AL Raothebild sad Ions, with tbo usual formallti-, on or after the lht of Jnu"ary net. together witb interest up to tbat date.-New.rou. St. Sw 1n1e4nl, D. ceorber29 M7I. kOUJTH AU5 o EIW GOVFEMNM1T ,< BONDS.-The South Awdral Bakn ComLisnv I sgeDteY PAY the amotmts due In london ou the lwt of Jaunsy, 9IS, cu tire Bonde Issued nvitu e of tIe various Aote0 Conesw ceatlng totire Otty and Port and &Gawle Towrn Railway, the Impeovmets r f treHarhour of Poet Adelatde, and the City o Adelaide Water Works andDraInage. TheBond (at Ouonos. aa thei ame my mrat he left for examInatIon at leat one ay before aiseton e foe tir moneyr, tIe p^aments helug made oehwe the hours of 13 and 3 London, De. 29, 18S7. L POEY9 anaer NBEW SOUTH WAL;ES GO0VERBNMNT DEF EBEST due In Lonoanle aur Bo ext. on Balltew dehentur X 1fot Intret an Coerposmus be WId tle elee days for axs gaOm=on,~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~o applyinorgecbn tfe mnw eha Tirreadneedle~~eet. London, Deo.fl 1857. CAIANA STERLING DXBBNTIJAH NOvA No-a-Haf on c Cent. Bonds.Estr Railoa ot Maaruetts lie per CJent. LOndA-The DIVID15ND WABRB T falling du onthe leIt of January next, on the aboveoinds whch were Z neg Half pot Cont. Bondo, wi bhe PAM on that or a enseing day gTueeday and Trldarexoeetedl. between the h In andZae u theLoan, making togetber the sum of 4l,000 sterling, dawn In St. Petcv.hurr on ithe 6thL of November (I8th of November la.t fo e py. nOen on tU% .t of Januay nextth prtulr of whch was adrvP Uted In The Times of the. 28th of November, 1 and 9 of Deoembe wil alo hpal by the ernnarties, between the Lot dAy of Ja2tnuh and the 28th of ebruauy. t8eI the Bonds not presented dwuing th8t time wil only he paid at the oubsequent piods of We pament of the i yeay on titerstl. Lof f or both DBoad; mad COepos may be cb. taned on fapplication at thei oountlng.broIr ot Baing BrothDas mad Co.. S. Birhotsgate.s ertbt withtn. p3ARISH of ST. LEONAID, SHOREDITOH, -ILDwbmber, 1857.-ELigCT10N of an ORGtI ST.-Notle is hereby giSen, that at a Public Vearty and YotUng of the Ratepabyes And Peolabionen of this Parish, held on the 18th tDt., The Eer. T. S. EVANS, MA.. Vicar, t the cair It Was Molred, on the motion of Hr. 0. Pe, secoded by Ma. J. laugb: That ea Orsenist he eleted for the Pah Churb, In tbe plane and ited of Mr. Willam llaes. deozeed. at a ela ot 0 pMer annum All ap:llcallon# and testimonlals mot be forwarded to the yesky Clenk. Workboun Kineeland.road4 Shoreditch, on or before the 9U dasy of January next, after which date they cannot be entertained. "o. notIce wil e given of te tbie aud pae for cying out the election. itesolved, on the motion of Mr. G. eeizro, ecouderlby Mr. WUd, and csmied uanlmouly; That this PubUc Veenty nondolee with Km GUes and famllyupDon ke hoevy los rstaelne4 by b deaeth of het husband, and expre %heir high eeaem of his talents and obaraoter. EDWARD VAN. Vestry Clerk. niOMMERCIAL TRAVELLERS' SCHOOLS tor .RPAN sand NECO8tTOUSB CEILDBM, Fnnow, Mid Patron-Sit Rmol Hihmere PBrNCt ALBIERT. A GINMRAL HALF-YEARLY COURT wa held at the Loudon Warne this daj. December 2, 18517, JOlUN MASTRItMAN. Esq., In tho (air. When so Electon ot Ten hIldren (six bogs sad four iWl book Dlor Tie following hs the reul of the poll- SUCCXSSJ1I O'ASDIDAM~ BOYS. (a.nt, S.. S.7,0 Gi, a. .. , 4170 D3oogoo4, L A . .. 5,966 3ndem J8. ... 3783 Jooer. J.B .3. .. . 9JonsT. W. 3.71 O-e T, .. .... .. S 499 I 80dt XA. ,719 Bhrnd% XPJ ..... ,. . . 5,3991 lPankaod,.T Z....... . . 6l UNSUCCESSFUL OA.WDIDATPS, BOYS. Morri. J. '312 W. laeetl ~. ~ 3.339 I Pnch A oeller, W2 .d.11 I Swindell, W.6: 619 Bluer, ILW. 2,83 IBi , GIRS wood, EL It. 2.o,na L . MS Stowe, T. B . ,2 urtn . 9 . 1 itRirw, K. 1.1 Im,Bm Offices. 81, Cheepslds,]N ~ AFE LDNH SUU4 Sa. ttre. La Traviata, Lucia. LA lie& del Reeuimecto, and LA Javcrta. -Extra Nights: Thursday, Deo 31, Saturday. Jan. 2.he folowing faourite onera willbegsien:-Thud,Da 3 LAe AVIATA. Saturday. Jan. , Lucia di LTemicor. All ; boxe nd 1; bsRing beex died or tire nyre elatoue of th 19th sad Slit of December and the Sd of Januar. they wiM be repeatd in the outig woek. An additocnal repreelton t i bo rib en on Wednsdy Jn. 6. T Te order of perfonmanerwIR l be w i ol.- lows:-Tday Jan. Be" Trovaore, Wodnesdy, Jan. 6, La JlldelRegdgtineao and 1utac no L voitme Th bd Ja 7, Loa Tya S tsurdaM s Jan. 9. ucia dl Ibeynroor. dsPit - T lb s _ l . tra.Ioxe (to hol4 fout pmesn. bItyond onepatir,tlov.A Grand toierg£ Perftormair, £1 0ptbreea, at Ih slelk boms,1ten at halfeIteL-TH M .slery, 2a.; omm egM. t Ap with t be mic a tore bo x- ei l(r thAtre. MG fewhc.th e ueCr mZA'SE wOYAIsDRIJRY .I±AE.-Leee Tr IST mIth.-Eoce&. Snperbly Deratd-The Bes Pactocrime In London evryEvenin. Traneedentl beauttlul Gorgeone beyonud descrptIon. Tbe artislo trasonratlonan ballet bone beyond oompettlon.-A Grand IMorng Perfemun BVNIGtoonmncayws the com icdraoC 0 iC. ntomime ofLITILK JACK HORNER; or, HrequIn A B C. 'Xjimne e ev Two Harlequins, Messbs. and St Kaine : two Svdete, the Brothers ElllOMt t woPatpn, Mr. Nuh and W. A. Dnes ; Wo Clown.. Hary and liar rmoe ; Pahlon (a dandy lov), M. Detain a MaI. Agne: two CoIumbines, Madamre Bolno andMdIle. ltine Pin. dpol daoenre-Ms Rinn right and MadameAuo, asiste hy npwsrdr. of 1C0 1a eof tbrebajlet All t educed pries of adis crlet of oes, eL6. does crle. 4.; stalls, Is, 'evte inxlres, from5 1 till obt under the dieto DfM.B Chattiertn Boe G,zn OYAL e °es{HAYMARKET.-TgrIU anddurngthewee. PEE TEI PLOUGH: mr. 0Tl,OOmDtl 1r. CIttn lr. W. Fatn, r oers Ms. ;re now grand noe TClletm. pttMs entitled TESlEEPIG ha lequinad °by Mesr. orri andt OXConnor. The musicoft he entire pantomilme arranged and comorsed byMr. D. Spllane. VeDOrm, the Spilefl ary , Mr. Clark: Belrtheye, MItr Farnga Weiht:t the lKing ot Spndledoml. MrZ. Oo the Prine Roal M! ice Louise Leoleron; tire Young Prince TuJlp Ml.l Jtinto Inmn Harleuin. Mr. Arthur Lezoec; Colnribime i Fanny Weiht r, mr. Slkackr clown. Mr. Chmare Lerlecq:. the rne.o e Travel. l lona Lecetq The At Morng Po of te Pantomimre will take Plso on Thurdaynext, and eeryT tm further notioe. commenclng pwrei at lock and coscins at 4. New Arrangements of Pr:-Oora sta (c may be ret31redtbe whole of the eeng nd or which there il be no ch oe tfo booidng). 6.. each. s tPrice-r Pdc-Dr ho. u boertI. pit, galery is eodPrc-rmboe,3. "puer boxtes. Se. pli, is, *lesy 6.2 Te pubtlae repcfly =nformd that theunegalr saeilelanthtierwlle but one galry open, capabl of stnlng 100 'THATRE ROY ADLPH.-Re Cntmas ttract!on.-AdelDbl Pantomime.-B iviL¢l of the cele'nated dIaMS of The Wept nf the WlVhltonnWleth: MaAme eljee In her original oharacter. and Messrs Wright and Paul Bdcd-mes snt#eM ot the Adelphi Union Extir aaanra and Comic Plantoumie twit orlnntpd at tiWs tbhte.-TIS EVNING THE WEPT OF THE W15H-TON.WISII with Madame Celcgte In her nelginal character: Mr. Wright. After which, the Adnlphl union mythnlltogle extrvaagauza and tomice ofndomgew enewne r andtrcrcoratrns sale HALEUIN Ai']) TR% LOVIM 01 CUPID AND PSYCHE. Cupid and Har*qin (a rlltalirun) Miu" Matte Wilton;, Pesebe and Colnumbine (a Pitelienne), Miss K", Keeley; ClOwn (trne-born ErelitbL.Herr Henderson.- Pantaloo, Mar. Ii..eligirm; Puarhmnello, Mr. e Barr;Jupiter, iftf. P. Bedflred Veue Ies 1MDIlIntn. Henderson on the slak wire and K. ;=arla celebrted troupe of dogs and mionkeys . PRICESS' .-THASTH ^trwy f IG IlntlRARD IL S%ud,'T!O.e&:rphwr Ho conclude ever evenin with the oorrc Chvistina. pauloruinre. entitled HARFEQUIN WITWIOAT; or. The Prione. Rianhe PlOWer 4%nd her Pairy Godmother.. Tha Princess Blasabe OWbIte Cat), HIce Hiat Terry; Hasiseuun. ?4r. Covonack; Clown, lb. Home: PAuWaOO MY. Ptoand Drbne, Pen . A6ms. I) s OY.L LYCEUM THEATR1,-Sole lessoe and AL acsge, M. haresD111Mn-THIS EVENING will be weeseaed ONQ2.ARDRC BAZAN. Prinolpaj characte by V*r,,. Chele Dilo, Suai,Barrett. J. G. Shove; Mfeedames Woolfar aid uckugha Whte.To conclude withth brlqu en Ranornmoo LALA C4KH AR]) THEPICIS H lGhch-pe.,eo theDeetSuprebyr2esreCrlsDion BSU"agam WhieXiaWb ai enn ahrJot. HOLIA APR -T E TlECOA C MONtY 95 Childnen or seven "us, StitylmWn ou Ts,u tb r, enneler wi oes aoura freurns of t 40 o c rae"ro tmA wuvr_ to, be __ire _70 0b Gwel ued. Apply. to M tr. mr o x I lUSH PRPRYwell Inn red- ~evatte Cwourtd a bve Court ft OR OWerds o f £ orI u valuedb fog muha Made vQt partiular adpyt Hoauadges,bSityad o. D bln JVEST&IENT ~ OD,O lme3QfJIeDy, on moi eses t- 43 pry Mims.Th atfi ecoy fth ecry lb onfrmdbair o asvyotob Greehemltbold, &Inidrai muutled.S n aeadadrs,b et toM.Wet59 ,ariONi A)ANE, medael,onJowg( 31J N14BYC.-To Warehol95meD, Manufaotmrys and .A VJ.meh%ute.-ErerY descriptin of 31EROHA4ODt%i P113. CHEASE 0. and paid for in cusb on delierly. Advance. made against enmmaelnlal or consignment for cels by S. A, Huk, : Bcry4etset t. Msar-axe, BO.C OXN1 GUINEA 2REWARD.-LOST between B 4-zrw.i and dendwI * BLL fo 104 12. 5d.. aest. bs D. cod J. Maoinkch at ondon anul Weonajote, Bent. Sonirikwaz. Paymenxt atoped£ Apply to lacd e4ndoner, at 160, Dosr. T ~POUNDS W -LOSTon orl the to the owner. Aeply to Baro B Tranckansieln, 13, Olayeudlch.t Corrrsdlsh-IteTroutoee THI ZOBB.-G ROBEB Dea 79.IROVBB, E lYhomo- duom stim AZXDoen oa bv e OatW this thetmre); 81ND hI, ADDRESS; or It a.N eelson.a ghe ldoloo eome rat Ps7 Ing 1the 'aid obmert oe aob t wil rul& eapetwckt.fanit b7 wtriting to Mr. Bloot, 307, Begerit. et. W tt. THIS BV1fNaG %he Crdm vrtantomle LTLEJC PARN<M or,ls RAzae4j 13 Jd anatheDo Xatetls RedoFkse OE Telt.ma Rhymet;r. as. ded bi TOO h DOH OF A. GOOD g THG . 8 TEENATR ROYAI? HAYll&RXXj. IEOYU MAJEUSTYS THEATRE. under tbe hDstSC41Sof Mr. e,oksstos. THIAZs EVDN12fG (? be, DPe. ShISL e*TV bWy o,eogorRl en An Rmchard ILa. Wsa. a. Xearanueatthi thetre); Kfewo. Tolugu der rhlsD th t 1 Cutome HA L Lna U AldihiNri, WI FY WOO;; oa,lr,. T. l e tbo oen and hlfe*sst,r THYATR RcOYAL. DRUl&TRL Sole lm eead.D%e M r. l. 1. _ ,h,o THliSl E DVENTIING he bes pOYUaN LITTLE JACKN MuOE.lro or, aruquln udA th Ce and tbe the D Reomla. m. A GOD TH G THEOYTRE BOYAlh HYLXR:WTL. Under the ED TilE t OfM r. LOreg b TIaBD IB Yars G. CL HONEYn aO. B udee TAsz1. OM helae n o. ero whcou tghe ant .omie of t HEULEQHINd ]BEAUTY AN THE WOO;; or, h tOn anody Two stul osi *r. Co mhwme nc kat 7. w k__ ___ __In _ ___ ___ _ AITHErATREOYAL, APITEELTEL 'ro letar ind Wesar M rea M am C e e US RVENBNG, THE STOR OI TNG AISD TOA-WISHO Mo.Wght end aaen.eseu Cethe WlS She o theu UiothtCbe DowntOmime,%ltam otLEUI AOND H UIX01 01 CUI'XiLD NYNtCa; Mors rwiqicnuaecho Abe sI to=aenrl Beefor. Hedeof The Tlgsban Comeduced t d,adhat 7.d ROYAL PRICES' THEATRE nd fiex Ma. the ametd ed. 8.ne o fKehen. Pot-offVRiceNo. il be Trhete Timespeee' wagmnedblf IN TICHAIc TSX# King TB1OF*DY I IJII. Mr . ren-ue. Moe.s C.s Kbyn Tot touBndetith oheonlews andtomie og ooEuIntl WiAiTE CAT; o Te Prnelne w a nd he lanu OAs GdUBoTthes o. tb_________t betss. .Roo, } ao No notSoe eb . aiaeS ofManar,rCaurls mlalm getton7 THISEVEiN Isl hneLed por sente Dn rauxt De uteAzAe by tohcolue itue Lae OOdremofnthe writetr . e Tror ubatr;or, Halbuit and th guaeranee of theoo Deetb. ROYALVNlt; OLYMPI THEAI'RE0. Dteus ir Phte asern, Me5SS Aa. B. ulnbon aondlaW S.iz kEmdgo. an cannotlAY Au Tae Exto rnaAuma re ontied ToEmDOtOtl0 $W n pALTOt;o of. heRpchanleD Euyesd: Mees5 RObon,k (3. Cooke 1 den, lAc.Andh BoRNokostI Coemmuceat bpast 7, UndElao er sthsdu'e9 Manaeent of SIr. Phelpe. ; oe, .A T sossNINlGA. TH HOKIMON,u Duk AwaTe. te.7 Whep. Jullana *Ymr¢s.7F C. Voon. 80re Bcude wtht HAReQUI BEAUTY pANDoo THYr BEASbt; or LIteGoyTw he Moh. unhs BocsedMtr In Bab Land, 18 X7Q, AIDEY STHEA M2QTRE ^.F LAA 1Eseses. Mes ttSA. Nhe~ and CreewaOiok,attt nttIr EVENING BRModseo OKN QUX01 With QIIEN 81!ZD Hale01NbnRoeoan JuIhlftliet.Quen30b. m Webetrs7oeo C;wn -~ lie;SIfO on Tof EV T;I7G, THE ST6RMING toD CAPUIO an0ha DELHI needed by^d Sc u^enesInds Crre.ClruIding wit the newomnvlcanomIm (of0 DONe QUIOEY AND HISSTeD by NNtE to, Harlequin Sacho Penra. Commene at?. Our re,der ar reusedt borethtte pr! im ntlos loAs eota}enopylh fossemos o tammps Watfiere.h Untndey h med boegurlo Aatlobe Aaof tA¢hed Post-offiAe AaNo. 60) the Tim&, notranmnlmssb for publl^uatl0n, but as a gurnee of lif cood fatal,h We cannot unmdertake to return rejeeted coOmmunlqtion& W' Ihe puliabion of TEa Tmuta Cmeued at o'lo yestra moring,;w And doicheda AO minu rtes pit 7,
LONDON, TUBDAY, DECREBBER 29,1857. The departure from Constantinople of Lord STPvTrORD DE REnMME on leave of absence may posibly be followed by his total relinquMihment of diplomatic office. So distinguished a man and so extraordinary a Career well deserve the especial notiee of the public. For many a year Lord STRATFORD has been before Europe, and of late it may be said that, with the exception of Lord PAmIRTON, no man has represented in so high a degree to continental nations the larger statesmanship of England. That his countrymen are not better acquainted with bis services, while they know by heart the history of each average politiclan at home, shows how much, in spite of a vast empire and a world-wide influence, the attention of Englishmen is concentrated on domestic affairs, and how little they busy themselvecwith thoseinternational relationswhlch are the chief subject of intert to their neighbours. Lord STRATFOrD has, we believe, completed his fiftieth year of diplomatio life. Turkey was the scene of his earliest exertions, and in Turkey he will have brought to a close his remarkable career. The political veterans of the present day carry us back to times with which this generation can hardly believe itself connectedL The quick succession of events during the present century brings out in stronger contrast the longevity and immobility of the statesmen who stiU govern us, and keep the promising men of fifty in merely subordinate situations. Mr. STnRATFORD CANSNG vent out to Constantinople a very young man, shortly after Admiral DUCGKORTX retreated from the Dardanelles, in the year 1807. When this expedition set out England and Russia were united against France, and the object of the British Ministry was that the PoRnTE might be forced to give better termn of peace to our allies, then engaged in the campaign of Bylau and Friedland. But England was soon to be isolated, and the power of NA RaO-ON was to rise to its point of culmination. Before many months were past not only were Prussia and Austria confirmed in their dependence, but the Ruesian EMPEROR, ready to extract advantage even from defeat,had joined NAPOLEoN in a scheme for dividing the uzerainty of Europe. England was left 'without an ally in Europe, except the unhappy King of SWEDEN, from whose bands the sceptre was about to falL Not only was French influence supreme over the vast empire of Turkey, but even in Persia tho progress of the enemy'e ascendancy disturbed our Eastern statesmen. It was at such a conjuncture that the future diplomatic chief first set foot in the East. Early in 1809 we find him Secretary of Embay, for in those days promotion came qtickly, especially to the cousin of a Cabinet Minister. When the inordinate ambition of NAPoImON Impelled him to an invasion of Russia England again made peace with the Northern Power, and forced the unhappy PORTE to follow her example. I Russia, whether she joined France against Eng- land or England against France, always managed to gain some substantial advantage, and in 1812, with the sword of NApOx.ow at her very throat, she won Besarabia from the SuLTA? by the assistance o' England. The exertions of Mr. STRATFORD CmrsxaG contributed not a little to this result. But we must not judge of past events by our present light. The rsafety of Europe depended on the deliverance of Rusia from a war on her southern frontier, and the statesmen of that day were willing to submit to any sacrifice which would army the whole Muscovite army against the Military Dictator of Europe. It is singular that after so many years and go many changes Lord SRrTFonD DE REDorFFE should have remained at Constantinople to check the power of Russia on the Danube, and should have forced her to a restitution in part of the very territory which he had formerly prevailed on the PORTE to cede. Some tiime after the Treaty of Bucharest the young Secretary left the East, anad commenced that career of diplomatic wandering which is an institution of the service. In 1814 we find him Minister in Switzerland, in 1820 Minister at Washington, and iu 1824 he is sent on a apecial mission to St. Petersburg. At last, in 1825, he was called to the high post int which he has gained ouch renown and conferred so many services on his country. In this year, the year on which NicuoLAs ascended the Throne of RuTiat he wa5 appointed Ambasador at Constantinople. The Greek Revolution, the masacre of the Janiisaries, the war with Russa, a came under his observation, and from this period we may date that settled resolution to oppose the designs of the Cza.t which has been the leading principle of his later life. It is probable that had he remained to direct the couraels of the SuLTAw the Treaty of Adrianople would never have been signed; but in Sir RoBERT GoRDON- the feeble PorTB had a feeble adviser, and Turkey was subjected to a yoke which was only broken a quarter of a century later through the wantonness with which the CzAR preased it on the nleck of the Sovereign who had accepted it. With Sir STRATFORD CAN-N-mes Parliamentary career we have nothing to do; he was a Conservative during the days of Whig supremacy, and never had an opportunity of showing his capacity for official life at home. But a new period in the history of the Turkish Empire had opened. The resolute and hoinourable policy which England has followed during the last 20 year= had been inaugurated; the ambition of MERE[-ET ALi had been checked, the insincere and unscrupulous policy of Louis PmtxPPr had been reprobated. To support the authority of the SuLTAN over every province of his empire in Europe, Asia, and Africa, to bring his States within the European system, to retrieve the finances, purify the administration, and humanize the relations of the various races,-in a word, to remove all caues of danger, whether from foreign aggression or internal decay, was the task which the statesmen of this country had set before themselves. No man could have been better chosen to carry out the work than Sir Srs.ATFoRD CAn.INa. He returned to Constantinople as Ambasador in 1841, and has remained at the post, with short intervals of absence, ever since. How much he has achieved by the unwearied activity and perseverance of those 16 years we can hardly as yet appreciate. It is sufficient to say, that if the safety of Eastern Europe has been secured-if the power and prestige of Russia have been broken,-if succes has attended the design of those who at the hour of Turkey's deepest degradation dreamt of reconstituting her power and regenerating her policy, the result is chiefly owing to the veteran Ambasador who is now on his way home. In 1849 Sir STRATaorPD CA"NxNs influence was exerted to save the Hungarian refigees from the grasp of the Cz"-not, perhaps, so much from sympathy for the men or their cause, but because he desired to resist at every turn the arrogated influence of St. Petersburg over the POBTE. At last came the events of 1853. NICHOLAs was brought to close quarters with his redoubtable antagonist. Lord SmrAT.For, it is said, felt to- wards the EMPurOR not only a patriotic but a I personal dislike. NIHoLoAs had objected to receive him as Minister at St. Petersburg, and the diplomatist had never forgiven the slight. If a thirst for retaliation exitd on the part of Lord STRATFoRD it was certainly fully satisfied in the end. At every move the Emprno} 1 laid himself open to the thrusts of his watchful and indomitable adverary. Prince MENscniRorr was first despatched to Constantinople, and landed| amnid the acclamations of the rabble and the com-I pliments of their priests. But the vain and' ostentatious Russian was no match for Lord STRATronD, and soon became thoroughly afraid i of him. The British Ambasador was so polite and conciliatory, so desirous not to interfere, but to leave everything to the Turks themselves, except so far as his assistance might be useful in settling so unpleasant a dispute, that it was not until MENscHuxoPF had thoroughly committed himself that he found he had been opposedall along to an unseen player who had directed every move of the solemn fanctionaries whom he had thought to dazzle and terrify. When he had made this discovery he wiely took his departure. The next act of Lord STRATFoRD was the rejection, or rather conrection, of the Vienna Note. We do not think that in attributincg to the British Ambassador's influence the rezolutton of the PoRTE in this matter we are guilty of any presumption. 'Undoubtedly Lord STRATForD could niot openly counsel the rejection of a document which his own Government had helped to frame, but a look or a tone would be qulte sufficient for the SULTA.Ns advisers, and we cannot doubt what Lord STRATrosn's looks and tones were when he saw such a production as emanated from the wisdom of the Viennese Conference. That the decision was a bold one must be admitted; that it has been attended with the best results is equally certain. No one in England knew, no one could know, how nececsary it was to strike a blow at once for the independence of the Ottoman State. Lord STRATForo probably compared the Turkey of 1853 with the Turkey he had formerly known. He had seen the Empire pam through convulsions which might have destroyed a more civilized State, he had seen the authority of the SULTA?N restored over vast provinc by the policy of England, aided by something like a general renewal of Mumulman loyalty throughout the East. If the pressure of Russian protection and the distraction of Russian interference could be brought to an end Turkey might be saved. The Ambassador formed his resolution, and imposed it on the PoBTE; the War with Russia followed, with all the great results, which will extend perhaps to a remote posterity. The activity of the Ambassador in those later questions of Bolgrad and the Principalities is but consistent with all his past career. To break not only the material power of Russia, but the spell which she had cast over the Eat and over nations which look down on the East has been the task of Lord STRATPORD, and who shall say he has not succeeded? How much he bas done for this country -may be measured by the malevolent admiration with which he is regarded abroad. Unlems he had been successu, and successful for England, his would be a more popular name among the pablicits of the continent. The veteran statesman is now te return home for a time, perhbpa for ever. All his fierce feuds, his personal discourtesies, his favouritisms, and his strange dl;ikes will oon be forgotten. His faults of temper will linger only in the remembrance of a narrow circle. On the other hand, bis exertions for his own country, for Turkey, and for the world will probably rise in estimation with every succeeding year. He has certainly achieved a work in which a les stern and resolute character would have fsiled. His very defect. seem to have been necesary to success in his peculiar misson. If he had been a goodnatured, easy diplomatist of the usual type, he could never have held his position among the demoralized cliques of Constantinople. During the most momentous period of modern Turkish history he has been the controlling spirit of the POBTE; incorruptiblo in the midat of universal corruption; unterrified vhile all around him were shrinking; of preternatural aceivity, with sloth and apathy on every side; carrying on a ceaseless warfare against every kind of evil, positive or negative, which came within the circuit of his view. He lus rouseda lethargicSuLTA2into action, taught selfseeking Pashas honesty, terrified distant Governors into justice, foiled the sedition of Greeks, restrained the cupidity of Armenians, protected missionaries, checked Mtissulman persecution, and extended Christiaa rights. In fact, Turkey as it is to-day is mainly his work. All the younger race of Pashas who shrink in decency from the enormous corruption of their fathers have received from him the education which has made them what they are. If the " aick man"' is ever destinled to be whole again, the world will recognize in Lord STRATFORD -DE REDOLXIFFE the physician who has worked the cure.
There is one article of general use which has risen enormously in price of late years, and that is education. We are glad to find 3fr. THACKERaY calling attention to this faet in his speech at the Commercial Travellers Schools' commemoration on Saturday, for it is a most serious fact. The price of education in private schools has indeed almost doubled in tha last 30 years. This is an enormous, and, at first sight, an unaccountable rise, in so comparatively short a time. It is not so very long a period to look back upon. A man in middle life remembers the very beginning of it as if it were yesterday. No particular change has taken place in the manners and habits of society. We have railways and the penny post, but family and social life are the same. Yet education is twice as expensive as it was. Hovw is this ? Thirty years ago the charge at respectable private schools-locat schools of King EDW.n'S foundation, and such places, to which the sons of neighbouring gentry, clergy, and respectable trademen went-was forty pounds a-year. That was the sum if the boy was sent before a certain age, and he paid no more if he stayed till he was 19 and went to CoUege ; if he was sent after that age another ten pounds was added. This forty or fifty pounds a-year for boys up to 18 and 19 did not profess to be, and was not then thought, anything astonishingly cheap; it was an ordinary private school charge. Now, little boys just out of the nursery pay 751. a-year-e.g., " two little heroes of six and seven," children of a literary friend of Mr. TRAcxEmLAYs, $'who came " home with a little biU in their pockets which c amounted to the sum of 751. for the half-year." Nor is this the highest charge we have heard of. Who would have supposed, amid the prodigious talk which University expenses have raised for a long time, that many and many a young man has lived at College, giving breakast parties, wine parties, &c., on a sum only some fifty pounds a-year more than what a little fellow not higher than the table has cost at a preparatory school? The charges at these places are, indeed, almost incredible, and one wonders that common sense has not started backl at the disproportion, and pronounced it ridiculous to give 801. a-year for a mere child learning his Latin grammar. What is the cause of this enormous rise in the price of education ? There is not enough to account for it in the difference of the style of sholastic establishments now. Doubtless, there is a difference in this respect. The establishmenit of thirty years ago was a rougher affair than the new one; the food, though good in substance and ample in quantity, was not so well served, the attendance was not quite of so high an order. Something, then, we may fairly allow for additional servants' wages, and perhaps for two or three other items involved in improved furniture upstairs and downstairs, more neatness, more painters' work, &c. But, making the largest allowance for these litde improvements-a considerable part of which is, by the way, amply covered by the great fall in the prices of these commodities-they do not account for more than a fraction of the enormous rise we are speaking of.. A little outside polish here and there may be done very cheap. What is the difference, then, between the old establishment and the ;ew one for which it seems the public now pays soEigh? We believe that the difference is one which, however good in its way, actuaUy costs the schoolmaster next to nothing. It consists of a little more care paid to the morals and religion of the boys, keeping them in better order, preventing them robbing orchards, more punctual instruction in the Catechism, and greater strictness about morning and evening prayers. It is astonishing how much parents will pay for this. Anything for a feeling of security about their children, for the idea that they are out of harm's way, that they are looked after, that the regimen of home is still more or less in force. This is the improvement, then, in the new scholastic establishment, and this is what we pay so high for. We are not, then, going to depreciate in the slightest degree the improvement itself, 'which is a very valuable and very important one; all we say is that, however important an improvement it may be, inasmuch as it is not a costly one, it ought not to be charged so much for. A schoolmaster undoubtedly deserves to be paid for any extra care or attention he bestows upon his boys, and, if the old-fashioned schoolmaster did not trouble his head much about these things, he did not, simply as a matter of service and wages, deserve so much pay. P Eut it is ridiculous to sy that the extra attention which our new schoolmaster gives to these points would not be amply repaid by a much smaller sum than that he now charges. He has not the slightest right to charge 401. or 501. a-year for religion, yet this, or something like this, is what he is actually doing. He does not make this charge totidem verbis indeed, but this is what the system comes to. There is a general rise in the tone of society on the subject of religion; people talk more about it, and, we have no doubt, think more about it, and feel more about it, and many people who do not think very much about it for themselves think a great deal about it for their children. Well, then, religion and earnestness and conscientiousness being in fashion, there rises up this new and improved class of schoolmasters, who partly reflect and partly meet the wants of the day. They start an improved plan, give " a " moral tone " to education, an d invite parents to commit their children into their hands upon the ground of the tender, anxious, and zealous care which will be bestowed upon their morals and religion. These are earnest, sincere men, we have no doubt, and they take all the more lively interest in. education an account of its growin g a lliance with religion; at the s ae time, in what may be caUled their mercantile capacity, simply as men conducting a speculation, they are keenly alive to the importance which society attaches to this quality in schools, and they charge for it according to its degree of importance in the minds of parents rather than according to the actual addition of trouble and attention which It -ill impose upon them. We mean no reflection, but this is the plain state of the case. There has been an immnense talk about the religious tone of schools of late years, and this has been the concomitant of it. With the scale of piety the scale of price has also hugely advanced; the public has thought a particular inup?ovement of first-rate importance, and it bas been charged for proportionately. We do not charge anybody with making a gain of Godliness, but the truth is that our new imnproved Bchoolmasters, earnest men, sincere men, devoted men as they are, cannot wholly overcome the commercial instinct which tells a man to charge for his article as m ru h as others are wiing to pay him , They know the public thinks a great deal of religion, aud they make the public "bleed" handsomely for it. Trade is trade, whether it is a schoolmaater's trade or any other. It is a simple fact that these " eunest men" have made twice as much money by education as any of their predecesors did. They are largely in pocket by every rise of the religious pulse of the nation, and a our schools grow more and more virtuous the schoolmasters' bills nro becoming so tremendous that, if we do not take care, we shaU have to fal back upon our old-fashioned, lax scholasticism again, from sheer inability to pay for the advantage of piety. But any complaint of high prices will be met by the answer that the trade of schoolmaster, like every other trade, must be left to the principle of supply and demand, and that if the public are willing to pay these prices schoolmastera are not to be blamed for charging them. There is so much in this answer that we are williag to admit that at least half the blame in this matter rests with the public itself. The schoolmasters' trade is open, and the principle of competition applies to that as much as to auy other field of commerce. I Why do not cheap schoolmasters rise up and offer I the same " moral tone' of school at a lower price? The reason is, that the public is far too much of a i slave to simple high price as a test of trustworthinesa and respectability. Parents are anxious, suspicious, timoroi? in this matter; they are ready to fall back in their perplexity upon anything whatever definite for a warrant, and they really often rather grasp at a high charge, as if it were the moot certain security for the care and good system and aood tone that would prevail in the school. In this way high charges are encouraged in the first instance, and, once set up, they give the standard, and it becomes a confesion of inferiority in a schoolmaster to charge lees. But surely such an artificial and conventional obstacle as this may be removed. Why do not good and able men come forward and offer an education answering the religious and moral wants of the day for less ? It is only to save itself trouble that the public has so long bowed to the indolent test of high price,-the trouble involved in making inquiries, examining particulars, and forming judgment upon persons. A high price has been considered one simple inallible pledge including everything. But the laziness of the publicwill give way to the sharp claims of economy, and cheap schoolmasters will obtain a much readier hearing.
After the lapse of a quarter of a century since the final emancipation of the Negro, we ought to find ourselves in a position to speak with some confidence on the several points connected with that important question. The facts, indeed, are clear enough, but the conclusion is not satisfactory, nor the escape very easy to find. The philanthropists can undoubtedly appeal to one great achievement. The liberation of the black has been complete, unqualified, and permanent. All the cruelties or miseries which may have accompanied the institution of Slavery in our colonies, whether avoidable or othervise, have absolutely ceased;noBritishplanteranylonger possessehuman property, nor can it be said that any vestige of the old sytem is now discernible. What the Antislavery agibtors sought to abolish they have abolished utterly, and the shame and the scandal have disappeared from our territories as entirely as if they had never been known. With this admission, however, we fear the approval of our policy must be terminated. On every other point predictions have been falsified and expectations disappointed. The Negro himself, though he has become free, has not become wise or industrious. Our planters have not found that free blacks make good labourers. Our colonies have not risen in prosperity and affluence above the alaveholding colonies of other States, and, though the trade in slaves has decreased upon the whole, its vitality is so plain and strong that at this very moment we are making a considerable addition to the force of our African squadron. Everything, in short, has failed except emancipation itself. Negroes are free, but they are also brutalized; the West Indies have been ruined; immense tracts of the most productive soil in the world are left uncultivated for the want of labour, ancd other nations, discerning in our policy a warning rather than an example, are pushing the opportunities of Slavery to the utmost, and making fortunes over the heads of British colonists. These results are trceable in the main to the spirit of a legislation directed exclusively to the eradication of Slavery without regard to any of the functions which slaves had until then discharged The agriculturists of our tropical colonies were suddenly deprived of the labour by the aid of which their crops were produced, and the controlling authorities instead of amsisting them in replacing t.he lost element, appeared to charge themselves only with the duty of scrutinizing and impeding all efforts in this direction, lest anything resembling Slavery should be introduced in another form. This was not unnatural, nor perhaps unnecessary, but in the meantime cultivation was suspended and property destroyed, while British consumers repaired to foreign markets for the very commodities which our own colntrymen had been forbidden to produce. The emancipated Negro would do no work at all. No attempts have sucoeeded in inspiring him with the wants or yearnings of civilized life, and, as his needs are small, his exertions are small also. The climate enables him to dispense with refinements of shelter or apparel; the soil provides him with suLstenance, and vagrancy and indolence leave him at least as much like a beast as ever, though he is no longer a beast of burden. The obligation of labour no longer rests on these members of the race of H.&m. The West India squatter can vegetate in absolute idleness without compulsion or enticement to employ his faculties in work. To complete the force of this case it should be remembered that while fertile estates are lying untilled for want of labour, and European manufacturers are anwxiously looking for the cotton which such labour would supply, an inexhaustible store of the agency required is left unemployed and useless in other lands. After what has been asserted on impartial testimony reapecting the interior economy of African States it must, perhaps, be considered impracticable to devise a free labour market on that coast, though the difficulty, be it observed, is wholly unconnected with the proposed employment of the Negro. No person awerts that the actual condition of the black on his native soil would not be bettered by his removal to a country where he would learn the dignity and the profit of la6bour, and be accessible to the influences of civilization atid religion. No I person denies that in the present state of our colonies Negroes could be put to work there without the least fear of their engagements degenerating into Slavery. All the embarrassment arises from the fact that if once blacks were known to be wanted and to be naleable on the coast for some sort of price, they would forthwith be kidnapped for consignment by their own chiefs-a proceeding which wouild revive all the horrors of internal wrar, and dissipate the chances of improvement which honest traffic is beginning to yield. By transporting Africans from their own colntry to the West Indies we couild benefit all parties togetber-the colonist, the labourer, and the Europeau consumer of tropical produice, but we are afraid to show our desire for such supplies lest mTn-stealing should be conunenced anew. If we could but surmount this difficulty, we should be not only reatoring the pros. per:ty of otur own colonlie, with advantage even t3 the blacks themselves, but wo should probably bs going far to suipproe the Slave Trade as it survivds. That free labour can beat slave labour is uadoubtedly trae, but unfortunately the free labour is notforthcoming, and sdvelabourwins In default of oppodth'on. In one or two colonies, indeed, a more judicious policy has beea carried out, and there, although the labourer is " protected" by regulations of extraordinary stringency, Slavery has been fairly proved to be a less remunerative agoncy than the hired toil of a free man. In ths Mauritius the wants of the planter are supplied by importations of Coolies from Iudia, but the jealoasy with which the privileges of these immigrants are regarded wi almost crate smile. They are to be had in India by thousands, the country being overstocked with population, the rate of wages in the Mauritius being four times a% high as in their own markets, and the sea passage being short aud practicable. The planters of the eolony, however, are not allowed to go and hire these workmen on their native soil, for fear a glut of labour thus introdaced should be attended with excessive competition, low wages, and hard fare. The colonial Government decides every year what amount of labouir is fairly required, aud regulates the importations accordingly. As soon as a shipload of Coolies arrives an officer, styled the " Protector," goes on board, compares the cargo with the official list to see that the asigned limits have not been exceeded, inquires whether anzy Coolie has any complaint to make, and then lodges the whole batch in a depot on shore, where they are maintained for two days. The object of this suspense is, that they may receive full information as to the value of their labour, and may not be entrapped into any injudicious engagement. After they have been fully impresed with their own consequence, they admit the visits of the planter, who determines how many he would like to hire, and, if his ofers are acceptable, master and men proceed together to the magistrate, attended by the Protector, and a legal contract is made for a certain periodc-the master stipulating to provide his labourers with a free passage back to India, and giving securities for the performance of his promise. If a planter chooses to conduct an importation of Coolies on his own amcount, he can only do so subject to the same formalities and guarantees. Few persons would complain of these arrangements in the interest of the labourers, and yet, restricted as they are, they have sufficed to make the plantations of the Mauritius more productive than those of any slaveholding colony. The labour thus obtained can beat slave labour in open market; the colonists are prosperous, and the Coolies gratified by wages which enable them to retire to India in comfort. Can nothing of this sort be done for the West Indies? Nothing to reverse all the deplorable conditions which exist at present? Our colonies ask only for labour-not slave labour, for free labour is both butter and cheaper. With this aid they can rebuild their own fortunes, multiply to any extent our supplies of cotton and sugar, and deal at last a death blow to Slavery by rendering it no longer remunerative to its patrons.
COUBT OIBOULAR. WINDSOR, MoN-DAy. The Queen, with the Prlieoss Royal, walked in the grounds of the Catle this morning, and afterwards rode in the Ridtng-house, attended by the Hon. Lucy Kerr. Him Royal Highnea the Prince Consort went out shoot. ing, accompanied by the Pdnce of Leiningen. Mr. Atkinson had the honoar of presenting to Hler iJajetr the Queen and the Prince Consort copies of his work upon Siberia EllsR~oyal Hihoess Prince Alfred, attended by Lieutenant Cowel, Royal Engineers, retrnmed to Alverbank in tbe forenoon. Deptches were reoelved at the Colonial-office yesterday fromn theCoernor ot Malta and the Lord High Commissionier of th* Ionian Islands.
SUNDAY EVENxjra SRVICES LS WESTMLXSrER ABBEY.-We have reason to believe that the following will bo found to be a correct list of the preachers at these servioes during the month of January - The first sermon, on the 3d of January, will be preached by the Dean of Westminster; the -econd, on the 10th, by the sub-Dean; the third, on the 17th, by the Bishop of Oxford; the fourth, on the 24th, by the Dean of Canterbury; and the fifth, on the 31st, by the Rev. C. J. P. Eyre. We understand that the title by which Mr. Charles Compton Cavendish will be called to the Upper House is Lord Chesham, and not Lord Latimer, as previously stated.-Globe. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of a banknote for (101. 77,430) "for legacy duty inadvertently omiutted," forwarded anonymously; also of the first half of a baninote for 501. (83,348), for assessed tones unpaid, from P . G." THE CURSR OF CASTR !lf 1`DIA.-OI the 100,000,000 whom we govern in India, there certainly aro not 10 who ooald comprehend the pcsibility of a man concerning himdef for the good of the country at large, or extending his regards beyond the circle of his kindred or friends. And yot, after all, the ingratitude and the cruelties which horrify humanity, and put the cannibal to shame, are plnts of Oriental growrth, and which have adways flourished in the East. The natives treat each other just as they have treated the English who have recently fallen into their hands. They have so idea of captivity, unlese associated with torture or extermination. To horn or punch out the eyee, or burn the bowels out, are matters of every day occurreno, from the earliest periods of their history dowvn to the present time. The Interposition of the Britis Government is being perpetually called upon to shield the native subject from the inflictions of his sovereign or chief. We hAve had within the past five years before us memorials from Baroda, from Kattlawar, from Ajmre Kotah, and other places in fRrj tank all to the same effect ; and if monstroos tyranny fll short of bodily torture or capital infliction It was to the British Govermment that even this much of mercy was to be ascribed. The eyes of Europe have now for the first time been opened to the condition of India and the character of Its people; and such things as those that until now have been of constunt occurrence must never again be suffered to appear. A stern, Iron despotism, never stooping from its dignity or flinching from Its duty, must take the place of that gooduaturod and well-intentioned oombinatiOn of compromises, coerclons, checks, and teraporisings hitherto looked upon as the nnasterpleoes of an Eatern admiustration. Brooking no renctzee on the part of those we rule, it will be the first duty of tho rulers to provoke none, and exacting propriety in others, to show an example of unbending rectitude in our. seves. The time wIl oome, but not cow, when public employment and emoluments may be reopened to the native; when it does arrive, the first test of his desering the countenance ot the civilIzed is the resunclstion of the badges of barbarism. There can hereafter be no comuiunion betwixt light and dzrknes, and he who clalums the privilege of being guided by " native customt' must renonnee the hope of 1uropean countenance or sympathy. The Benpl mutineers have done nothing mome than indulge in the customs of their caste and country and nothing beyond what was aetioned by custom and b creedL With men who think such things permissible Al1 opportunity occur we can have uo intercotnmunnion whatever. From the perfect facility with which infanticide, suttee, slavery, and thuggee-al great instltutions ot the oountry-have been put down we have no doubt whatever that half the other prlvileges and ges we fear to meddl with woul4vanish were we only bold enough to face them. The mse ot greased ca ridges and the readunen with whieh all cstes travel toge. ther by rail add to our eonrictlons on these subjects. A caste man and a nstive custom man- adverse as both must needs be to progres and to the advancement of the great hunan a mily-xre the enemies of the commonwealth, and ought to be made to contributa mnny tiuiet more to is Rovernmnent tban those wbLo are Its frieDds. Were the bighly orthodox triple. tWed, stmck fromn the list of justices and of Gover. ment-house vitors, and assured tlat public employment was not to be looked for by them, we should find cast vanish like smoke; the Brahuins most probably discover. ing, as in the case of suttee, that the Vedas and Shasters were never in reality meant tohsve been Interpreted as they have hitherto been.-Bombay 2degratph and Courier. BRAND FOR STroY MuT-nmEnS--It will be seen by our Lislative Council report of Saturday that a BiU was introduced into the CouncU by Mr. Peacock, and read . first and a second time, for the purpose ot enabling Government to order Sepoys to be =arked with the letter as IC for mutiny, and the letter " D" for desertion in the same rmanner as European soldiers re now liabie to be marked with the letter " D" for desertion,-Benqal Hurkamg APOTRECARIES'- HLL. -TZarnes of gentlemen who passed their examnintion in the scienoe and practice of mnedicine, and received certiicates to Practise, an Thursd%y, December 24:- william Watkin Edw^as, Keston win. PRiddell Branton. Bast Indies; Shirle ERdionds, Woolnmer; Thoas ive. lamptea; Gorg Utrmayck, Guernsey, George Parr White, Park-terrace, Regent'e.park; George .arhiusoa, Grosvenor.sreea; John Rarrison Gibraltar Edar Arturlf Fre rBJd worth, Warwick; Alfred William,
THE ROYAL MARRIAGE. -- ---- (IROM OUR OWN CORRIs"rnzNT. BERI1N, DEC. 26. The approaching In*Arr:aie of Prince Frederick William with the Princess Rtoyal forms just now a 'unost prominent topic of conversation, not only on ecount of its interesting character in itself and its high political importance in future years, but also Ibecause, in the present unhappy state of the reigntng Powere, these nuptiala and the entry into Berlin promise to be the only event to mark the -Coming season. According to the latest arrangements made here !Prince Frederick William will leave this city on the 21st of January, attended by General Baron von Schreckenstein, Major-General von Moltke, Major -von Heinz, who is to be the Prince's Hofmarschvl_, -or Matter of the Household, his two personal adjutants, and an orderly officer. The ladies and gentlesnen of the Princess's future household, the Count -and Countess Perponcher (Chamberlain and Mistress 'of the Robes), the Countesses Marie zu Lynar and Wally von Hohenthal, ladies in Wfaiting, will, in oompliance with an invitation from our Queen, proceed to London previous to the wedding, and enter ,on their duties about the Princets as soon as the nupts are concluded. Nlot only will the Prince (I) and Prineess of PruWia be present at the marriage, but maost of the other members of the Poyal Family of Prussia will avail themselves of the Queen's invita-tion, and repair to London on this occasion. Prinoe ZFriedrich Catl and Prince Albrecht, jun., cousins of -he bridegroom, and Prinoe Adalbert, cousin of the 7ring, have a'ready accepted the invitation. Prince carl, the uncle of the bridegroom, has beenprevented as yet by indisposition from acceptingit -definitively. The newly married couple will leave London February 2d, and proceed from Dover to Antwerp in the Royal yacht Victoria and Albert; the 3d of February is to be devoted to a visit to the Belgian ,Court at Brussels; on the 4th thev will cross the Prussian frontier at Aix-la-Chapelle, and stop that night at Cologne. On the following day, the 5th of 3Pebruary, they pass on to Hanover, and, after a atay of a few hours there, will proceed as far as Magdeburg, where they will rest again, and on the 6~th will arrive at Potadam. February 7th will be passed in Potidam, and possibly on the evening of that day the young couple will continue their pcogress to Charlotteiburg, from which more convenient spot they will make their public entry into Berlin en the 8th of that month. The question of their astopping a night at Charlottenburg' previous to the public entry doubtless depends upon the King's health and other circumstances. On a former occasion I mentioned that the Prince -of Prussia had, in consideration of the cold weather .probably to be expected on the occasion, struck out of the programme of the ceremonial to be observed at the public entry of the newly married couple the item of the young girls, w4o should, according to prescriptive custom, receive the bride at thegates of the town in bridal costume, and present her with flowers, &;c. It is understood, however, that -the Princess Xoyal has since then expressed the wish that this youthful party may be adrnitted to present to her their wbitecLad selves, -their address, and their flowers the next day after her entry at the Schlous, where the Prince and Princess will reside until the summer admits of their remo 3ingto Babertsberg,the Prince of Prussia's seat at Potsda . There is a great commotion to be moticed already in the ranks of the virgin aspirants to the honour of being included in this favoured 'hand, but the vast majority of those already looking forward to it are doomaed to disappointment, for -only about 200 of them can possibly be admitted and the very numerous municipal officers of the clty .of Berlun seem to rejolce in an unusually large number of female descendants ; the ill-atarred damsels, therefore, who cannot boast of Berlin aldermen or common councilmen as their progenitors have but small chance of eporting their white eatin shoes on this occasion. The different guilds and trades unions which are entitled by prescriptive right to form part of the procession on this occasion of the public entry of the bride and bridegroom have already had various meetings at the Bathhaus for the purpose cof arranging the numbers of the masters, journeymen, and apprentices that shall be admitted to its ranks, and the order of precedence to be accorded to each. Various trades have voted from 1,000 to 2,000 thalers for the furbishing up of their flags, emblems, &c., or for the providing additional bravery. The butchers boast of the proud privi3ege OI apearing on such occa=ions on horseback, and great lathe activity observable at present in the riding-schools, in which masters and men are alike busy in perfecting themselves in the elements of equitation, and very considerable studs of horses are being got together by liverymen and jobmuasters to supply for sale or hire the quadrupeds required for the cavacado. On the evening of the day of the entry into the capital there is to be a general illumination, vhich promises to be something unusually attractive. The municipal authorities have voted a very hlandsome sum for the illumaination of such remarkable buildings and works of art as do not fall within the ordinary range of Governmental or Ministerial Care. Thus, for instance, it is intended that the Yictoria which rides triumphant in her *pwmdiga on the Brandenbu rg Thor shall be rendered resplendent in electric light; while the colossal statue of Frederic the Great and the other monuments at the vest-end of the town shall also be lit up with gas. The Sohloss, the Palacea of the different Poyal Princes, the Ministerial hotels, and aU the public buildings in the town wiU -on this occasion shine forth in unwonted light. The gala opera which Is to be given on this occasion, when, doubtless, the young married couple, as well as the whole Court, will be present, is to be Spontin's vestalin, a composition generally chosen for these ocecasions of pomp, not so much on the merit of its score as on the score of ita merit-viv., as a -usical spectacle. The decorations and dresses are to be quite new for the comingftte, and the rehear. tsals of the choruses and the processions have already -commenced. Prince Frederick William will probably take up Lis abode in the suite of apartments destined for his temporary abode in the Schloss even before he sets off from here to London; but this arrangement -does not prevent him from bestowing very unresnitted attention to the progress of the Palae that is being got ready for him. The Princess of Prussia accompanied hini this day last week to the new building and inspected the works very carefuUy, accompanied by the arelitect, Professor Strack. The exterior is nowr finished, with the exception of -the portico, which is to be added to it; and the interior is sufficiently far advanoed for one to be able to appreciate the judicious and convenient alterations that have been made in it. One of the most promninent ornaments, that will strike the eye of every visitor immediately on entering the main hail, will be a statue that will stand on the first landingplace of the main staircase, representing the late King, who lived and died under that roof, and whose Imemory is so closely intertwined with thi s the oldl J-{wg's Palace," that he may be looked on as the genius of the place. At the foot of this staircase two marble Victories will stand and form an arch of entrance to it by the interwreathing of the sprays of palm which they extend towards each other over their heads; these two Victories may be loolied on -as allegorizing the glorious dais of Quatre Bras and Waterloo, that laid open the joint path of victory to La Belle Alliance, that ell-named precursor of the event now about to crown tlhe happy results of a bygone struggle. The Gedenk REIe, in the nevw Palace, which the talent and munUificence of Berlit intecds to adorn -with choice works of art, as a testtimonial of respect and attachment to the future occtpantts of the Palace, will hardly oe so richly fitted up as its origi-naters contemplated in the first instance. Prussia is not over rich at the best of timee, and since this plan was set on foot the country has had its purse -called on most imperatively on three different occa&ions-during the summer by numerous conflagra- tions, hich burned down wholevillages; since then by the exploeion at Mayence; and last, bubt far from least, by the late commercial crisis. In another point of viewr the greatest loss of all has been the death of Rantch. COxPE5NsATlO. FOR LOSSES - BY THu INDIA'Ni TI-NY. - WVe believe we miay State with confidence that the Goverunnent of India have recelved instrtuotions Irfnn homn to graut compentati(n to all persons who have lost property through the nubiaies. We have not beaid the precise natnr, ot the arrAngeinent, whicc we believe is to be settled by x cotnmittee ; but we have beard that the compensation ih to be awarded upon a certain regulated scaeaccording to the rank of tbe person. Of course, by this uneans some persons migbt reeiveliess and otbers snor%, than they lost; but the plan has the advantage of e Eimuple and speedy in operation,-Bs yal Hurkaru, We vt S.
AMERICA. I sammry of the foUowing appeaed In our sewond etion of yesterday:-] IrVERPOOL. DEC. 28. The British and North American Royal mail steamship America, Captain Liott, arrived this morning with advices from Boxton to the 16th, and by telegraph, vid Halifax, from New York to the 18th inst. She has brought $954,279 45c. and 19,4501. in specie on freight and 73 passengers. According to the New York Times, it was understood that the object of Sir W. Gore Ouseley's mission would not be officially communicated to the United States Government until the opinion of Her Majesty's Government regarding that portion of the President's Memsage relative to Central American affairs could be acertained. The Boston Transript states that 3Ir. Jarvis Slade, of the firm of Laurence Stone and Co., had attempted to commit suicide. Hig mind was miuch distressed by the difficulties in which his firm had been involved. A steamboat had been burnt on Red River; 15 to 20 persons had perished. The steamship Star of the West had arrived at New York with the California mails of the 20th of 19ovember, and $2,280,233 on freight. River mining had been summarily ended for the season, owing to the dams having been swept away by unusuallyheavyrains; much damagewasdone. Some convicts at San Francisco were unloading a wood barge, when it drifted away. The guard, thinking they were endeavouring to ewcape, fired a oharge of grape at them, killing three. A commercial report of the state of busines at San Franciwo says,- "The pwat fortnight has been remarkably quiet here-no suspeasions-no failures. Sther and Church, whose failure was reported by a previous steamer, have, through their asignees, been quiletly paying off and lquidating their indebtedness, and up to the time of the arrival of the last New York mail, of October 22d, tbey had reduoed all their California liabilities to about $20,000. Since then some few draughts have been returned dishonoured from the East, upon which suits have been commenced within the hat three daya, to the anount of $10,000. There is no doubt of their ability to pay all thelr indebtedness within the next 30 days, dollr for dollar. This shows conclusively the strength of the house, and had they avoided the risk of shipping $57,000 in gold without insurance on the Central America, there Is reaeon to believe that none of their bills would have gone to pro. test in New York. Sinco the arrival of the New York mail, bringing us intelligence of the bank suspensions, many of our banks and bankers have discontinued selting bills of exchange on the east entirely; among others we name those of Tallant and Wilde, Alsop and Co., White, Parrott, and Co., and Davidson and Co., who have advanoed their rates from 3 to 4 per cent, premium, making their draughts ' payable In speoie' in the Atlantio States; while Wells, Fago, and Co. are drawing exchanse In their uacl manner at ; per cent, premium. These are the only persons prominently engaed at present in the selling of .antern exchange, which will compel a larger number than usual to make their own remittances in gold. Money is plenty among our merchants. Business matters here are in a healthy state; our merchants are doing a moderate amount of trade, but with every prospect of a steady Improvement for the ensuing year,.' The New York Tribune gives some extracts frona "an officer of high rank in the Utah expedition," who dates from "I Camp Sweetwater River, October 18, and says,- ' Here we are, 918 miles from Fort Leavenworth, and only 2A miles from the South Pass of the Rocky Mountais, whioh divides the waters running east for the Gulf of Mexico from those emptying Into the Pacific. Colonel Albert S. Johnston, of the Seond Cavalry, the ' com. mander of the army for Utah,' joind us two days since with a smil esort He will remaidn here for five or six days, until all the supply trais are up, as welL as some additional troops, and then proceed to jom the mai force of the army, which will be eoon but four or five days' march from here. When we go I shall have of cavar and Infantry about 300 men under my command. I sball have to serve as escort to (say) 11 trains, and (about 3,000 animls. Before you receIve this you will have known from Brigham Young's proclamation, as well as his letter to Colonel Alexander, that Utah Is in a stte of rebellion, and that we are at open war with them. Colonel Johnston's orders to the troops are to treat them As enemies, and fire upon them, whioh is what I should have done without such Instructions. I do not doubt I shall Inaugurate the war on our side before we reach Alexander's Camp. As soon as all the forces are united we shall proceed to winter quarters (that Is, a valley where there is timber and grass, the name of which I conceal, from prudential reasons, for this letter may fall into Mormon hends), and sere our supplies, and thence commence active movements, or remain quietantilthespring, aSmaybehereatterdetermined. Colonel J, ha done me the honour to consult me as to the future, and advise me as to his intentions, which, of courso, I keep to myself. Lieutennt-Colonel Cooke, with six companies of Dragoons, is ordered up, and I hope may be able to reach us, for we are in need of a mounted foroe badly. It he gets up at all, we may expect him by the 5th of Novemoer. The two compantes of Dragoons to be under me come from Port Larmie, and ought to be here in three or four days. 'They wilbe of essentialservic The Mormons have a mounted force just in front of us, varionsly estimated at from 200 to' 700 menm My gulde-an old raountaineer-thinks they are about 400. They have contented themselves thus far by stopping the ingreas and egress of individuals into or from Utah (Green Biver, 50 miles from us, being about 20 miles within Utah), by burning the grass and by burning three of our supply trains-nsy, 70 to 80 wagon loads-which were not defended by the teamsters. They say they will not fire upon any one- but if resisted, or a drop of Mormon blood is spilt, it shall be a war of extormination for the Gentiles. I presume the only molestation that will be attempted by tbem towards us will be the effort to drive off our animals ; but If the come within reach of my riles they wvIl have a chance to go to Mormon Paradise. We are now about 11,000 feet above the level of the sea, where ix and snow may be expected on any day throughout the year. Last evening, just as we arrived in camp, it commenced snowing, with a high wind. The ice in my tent this morning was over half an inch thick. Eight mules froze to death. But to"day, although the wind is somewhat hlgh, there is a bright sun, and the snow is melting. In the valleys to which we may go the winter will not be so much felt I am well, arnd quite comfortable at all times, havLng plenty of furs, buffalo robes, and other traps, to say nothig of a nice little sheet-iron stove in my tent." Newspaper accounts state the expedition was suffering severely from the cold, and the cattle were dying very fast. It Is asserted, on doubtful authority, that the Mormons had captured all the provisious, mules, and horses belonging to Colonel Jphnaton's command ! The United States' troops, therefore, were without the rneasis of even reaching Fort Laramie. Colonel Johnston, therefore, found himself compelled to march forthwith on Salt Lake City, or perish by starvation in the mountains. He had determined to march at once upon Salt Lake City, and quarter with the Mormons thin winter on fight. The Mormons had fortified the passes and were plundering and murdering emigrants The accounts direct from Salt Lake City are of the most belligerent nature. One correspondent states that during his stay in the Mormon city a leading man told himn that in the event of the expedition attacking the settlement they should hoist the British flag, and that this would so stimulate their English resident brethren that they would only yield to death. He further stated that theEnglish Governwent-with whom they were in constant secret communication-had confidentiAlly amured them that she would come to their rescne, if she could find any possible avenue.(!) Dr. Hurt, Indian agent, and the only " Gentile" United States officer who remained in Utah after the other oflicials left last pring, had effected his escape and reached Colonel Johnston's camp on the Sweet water. Previous to the departure of the other Federal officers Dr. Hurt took refage with a band of Utah Indians, about 20 of whom guided him through the paes of the Imountains. At Havannab, on the 8th, sugar was steady at the low rates previously noticed; stock, 110,000 boxes Exchange on London, 12i to 13. Freights to Europe had been aglittle more actlve, without any advance in value, small vesels for Europe being chiefly inquired for at 21. ;0s. to 21. 15s. Costa Rica was about to despatch commissioners to Nicaragua for the purpose of arranging the mattera in dispute and avoiding hostilities. Advices from New Orleant of the 12th inst. report the landing at Punta Arenasy in Nicaragua, on the 25th of November, of Walker, the Filibuster, and. 150 men, without t'hje least attempt having been made to prevent them, although the ateaner Fashion, in which they had arrived from Mobile, passed under the stem of the United States sloop of war Saratoga. Only 10 men exhibited themselves on the Fashion's deck when passing the sloop of war, and the nature of her freight was not suspected. The whole of the party on board the Fashion were landed at Scott's Wharf, but 50 of the party had previously been sat up the river by other entrances. After landing the expedition the Fashion took her departure for Aspinwall, and remained there taking in coal. Coininodoje Paulding, of the United States' frhite Wabash, it is stated, attempted to seize lew at Aspinwa4 but on examining her papers foundtlesn correot, mud consequently could take no fther steps agast her. The British and American naval forcesa had sailed for Aspinwall and San JL-&a- ,sin would, i' was anticixated, take part oa t3 sc2ne in that vciiait]y4orat leastpreventtlie l aneIrg off anyi more Filibitwers. XTho -Palama St"a. ad Heral4 oi. ri1rt '3d of December says i%at. tho Fashion .t.an ita 'ahe barbour.-ander atullkihaci df steam, r,,& mD o ed alongsid" aa Ci&kli. nRr the wp We7 w l, into which the Fllibusters scramb]ed, and thence reached the land. They numbered 186, and were all armed. with Minio rifles. Those previously landed, to the number of 45, it tates, at the mouth of the Colorado were commanded by CaptainFrankAnderson, one of the original " fifty-six" who went from California with Walker on his first invasion of Nicae ragua. Upon landing the party immediately proceeded up the Colosals to its junction with the San Juan, 20 miles from Greytown, andl took possesalon. of I eap's Island, a small island in the river, owrned and occupied by' a man of the same name, a British subject. at this point the party divided. 20 of the men were sent five miles further up the river, and stationed themselves at a point Oalled FortAnderson, on the plantation of Sbnor Pataoa, a Spanish suject, on the Costa Rican side. Walker was waIting for reinforcements, and a steamer from Savan nah and a brig from Galveston were daily expected to arrive with them. His stock of provisions was not very extensive, as it consisted only of 60 barrels of pork, 90 barrels of beef, one cask of sugar, one cask of rice, eight sacks of coffee, and two boxes of ammunition, which were estimated to laat only a few weeks. Upon landing Walker had taken possession of the warehouse of the Transit Company and his men had commenced to appropriate lumber, but, having been ordered off by tbe commander of ths Saratoga, they abandoned it and took possession of some native huts. Public opinion and feeling, both native and foreign, at Greytowfn and Panama are stated to be strong against the Filibuster, and the general impression was thatlhe would be starved out in si weeks. His officers are Colonel Bruno, Colonel Swingle, Captain Payssoux, and Colonel Hough. Dr. Eellum was at the head of the medical staff. It is stated that Lieutenant Cilley, of the Saratoga, who was on shore with two men, was ordered off by Walker, who, upon his telling. him that he was an American citizen and had as good a right there as himself, replied that he had 150 men to 2, and that if he did not leave immediately he would arrest him. The AspinwaU correspondent of the Neu, York T'imes, under date of the 4th inst., reports his interviewv with Captain Caughlin, of the Fashion, who informed him that her paseage to Greytown had occupied 12 days. He said he found 186 of Walker's party on board, on getting to sea, and some 8 or 10 " outsiders." He had some rough weather, but no accidents. The Fashion steamed only six or seven knots an hour, at which some of Walker's officers were rather cross; but when they undertook to show their dissatisfaction towards the eaptain they were ordered to keep quiet, which they found it prudent to do. On nearing Greytown a thick mist hid the land for some time, upon which the Fashion slowed a little, when Walker wished the captain to quicken his speed; but suddenly the fog lifted and the place was in full view, the Saratoga lying at anchor in the harbour. Walker exhibited considerable nervousness at the sight, and requested him to run in towards the moath of the Colorado River, about 12 miles to the eastward of Punta Arenas, in order to land a portion of the men. The boats which were brought out for the purpose were launched, and some 45 men getting into them, under the command of Coloner Frank Anderson, one of the original 56 of the first Nicaragua invasion, they shoved off and made their way up the river into the San Juan. The Fashion then ran up, and landed the main part of the force, about 140 men, on Punta Arenas. They took possession of some half-dozen fishing-huts, as also the houses of Mr. Craig and Mr. Burden, a pilot, in which they were quartered when the Fashion left. The stores were landed and put under cover on Captain Scott's premises. In reply to the query of the commander -of the Saratoga as to the character of the men he had just landed, the captain replied, " I don't know any- thing about their characters. I was told that I was I to land a couple of hundred coffee-planters at Greytown, and I hope I have fulfilled my orders properly." It Is said that the men were nearly all robust, strong fellowrs, who seemed to have no very clear idea of the wsork they waould have to perform. They only k-new that for a few months' service in clearing a country overflowing with milk and honey of " a| quasrrelling, vagabond rabble" that infested it they were each to receive a fine hacienda, when all they would have to do wrould be to swinlg in silk hammocks, with their mouths open to catch the fat that would fall into themn, evnd with pIenty ofI slaves and houris to fan them wrhen they slept, and that they had an idea that Eenmrgseu wrould arrive in a few days with a large force and take the military controL. Advices from Nfew Orleans state| that he was to leave Mobile in a few days with 1,000 men, and that Walker stockz was up. Walker wias said to be assruming rather kingly airs on shots, and giving orders as though he were the ruler of millions of people. The day the Fashion left he had sent one of four boats he had seized up the river San JuanB to endeavour to intercept the Costa Rican nmailboat, said to have on board $5,000 in mloney. He planted two of his " lone star " flags over the bouildings he occupied in Punta Arenas on landing. His artiliery consistedof six fieldpieces, and the men were daily drilling, each one withbis rifle. Threehundred stand of armS which the commander of the British frigate Cossack had received from Lockridge when he abandoned the river las.t March, and which he had de soited with Captain Scott, were there when Walker1snded. It is stated that Captain Woolcott, of. the Dlee, WVest India Royal Mail steamner, knowing that there was considerablo British property in Grey. town, on the other side of Punts Arenas, asked Captain Chatard if he wvould protect the town against Walk-er if he should attempt to lay it under contribution, to which he replied that he could give no assurances to that effect; that his orders were very general in their nature; that what he did he must do on his own personal responsibility, and, as he was dependent upon his profession for the support of a large famzily, he was not disposed either to run the risk of incurring the dlspleasare of his Government by his interference with matters on shore, or to lay himself liable, personally, to suits on the part of the fillibusters or the mlerchansts of Greytown. So, as no guarantees could be got, and there was no British man-of-wrar in port, some of the merchants shipped the more valuable portion of their goods to Aspinwall. The Dee took away about 120 large packages, which she landed at Aspinwall. The British screwo line-of-battle ship Brunswrick had left Avplnwlval for Groytown. Letters from the officers of the Saratoga to the officers of the Wabash expressedi great vexation at the landing of Walker in broad daylig,ht under their very guns. There was no fog (such a thing is unknown there), and the Fashon passed within hailing distance. They had not heard of Walker's departure, and were not looking for him; his very boldness threwv them entirely off their guard;* a few persons only were seen on the deck, bunt they had no sooner reached the landing than a crowvd of between 300 end 400 swvarmed out of her as from a beehive, armed to the teeth. The New York bankeresumed specie payments om the 12th, and the example was being followed in| other placest. The Ncei York Courir and FBac,uirer of the 15th says,~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~t "The work of resumptlon now steadily progiesses I New York and New Eugland, and basy be said to be oomplete with the exception of Rhoda lsland. The Interior banks generally of New York took no formal part in the act of stspenson; the aame may be said of New Eigland country bank. Those in the interior of NXw York conesdez themselves as in good repute thru&out, they ma new be con. sidered as paying specie in full he Pllilpsbu2&h Banl, at Phillipsbu.rgh, New Jersey, ha'vng resume& specle parments, its bills of all deneoonations. are m0w re eorned as heretofore at the Bank o the Comnaoweah. The banks in. the western portions ofNew Jerse3(,Newari,Newnswidc, Elizabethtown, Rahway, &A.) wiw r. doubt follw sit. The resumption in New York afth a,. chwge hat, except In doingaway with the nomihsl prasium onzgold, j to 4; an4 in inereasine the rates fo utancraeni monay oi' the South and West. The brokers ame putting up. gold for the COnard steamer from BosAon on Wednesday, but the amount h.s not yet tranwpied. En,-bsh Eovereigza o' a late date (Viotoria) vwere Dalted doown irr large nmabers at the Assayoffice int this c: cj during ibe panio, andyielded $4 83c. net. The recent d ,aiud for gold for export his created a market for English coins. Sovereigns are now worth $4 M6O. to $4 88c., an I have been sold recently as high as $4 91c. In view of t1 e continued demand for gold for export the banks will feel t necessary to pursue a very cautious poliey. The reser-e of .ezcie is in round numbers as 30 to 100 of l:r.oilities, and it would be well for New York IL i.As ratio were never djminlsbed. New 'York C, itI, as the focus of forelgn and domestic trade, should never have less than the sum now reported on hand, and the moment this ratio indicates a decHine thea banks should ourtail their loans so as to dlsconrmae foreirgn importatioas. The tendency of stocks was decidedly upward at the first board, which was continued with ,, yet greater advance at the second board. This may. in r,art be escribed to the favourable character of the Er) g nw;r and in part to the general resumption of Fpesa pa"ments, wlich has followed that of Nlew York. ¶% } atesA quotaIions were :-Virgiaia Sixes, S7; Missosari.%xl s, 71N YOTrK Central Shares, 72'; New York. a. Erliioares 17X1; 1es4sdlg Roailroad Shaes, DI'S j,3 ,ifga Uthorn Shares 19; Clrveland and Toledo Shares, 4t; PansmA Railroad Sharee, 92; Dlinois Central Bonds, 85; ChIcago and Bl. Share 711; Galena and Chicago. 72; La Croge, 10&; )fichign Southern New Stkck, 32. ; -D. and EIadson, Iola ; Cam laud, 9I." The statement of the New York banks for the week ending the 12th sshowed a decrease of $10,955 In specie, $206,600 in circulation, and (nominally) $3,126,931 in deposits. The actual decrease in the latter, deducting the average of clearings, was $1,536,376. The 2.cw York Times says "The statement of specie is far beyond the general calculation made upon the re,t, after the beavy export of last week. The total xverage remains $26,058,877Z or within 11,000 of the previous great arerage, and without. counting .n axny waythe Calfforz arrival of $9,80,00o, which goes into hank to-day. The jinpree .ion is tbe banks of the city hold this afternooalfall$2S,999,099~ The New York Jaus'nul of Commerce of the 14th in its account of the money-market of the 14th says: "The formal resuraption of specie paymneats by the bankg of this city, which took plce to-day, has attracted. bat little attention from any quarter. The general impression.4 that, Insmuch an there was no geat practical change td be effected by this theoretical movement, it promised no suf. ficlent good to offset the poseible evil. As the chances ia favour of any evil result, however, are very remote, we trust thatthe movementwill not be regretted. We are pleasedto, learn that the three banks which had publicly announced their desire to resunme nextMoaday, but were not represented at the meeting-to wit, theCommerce, MInhatta Company, and National-have reconsidered their first determination, and concluded tQ come in with the others and resume today. This makes the resumption unanimous." Exchange was higher for a certain class of bills, but there was a wide range in quotations. Bills at 60 days on London, 109j to 110 for strictly firstclass paper. The trausactions in cotton duri the past week had been confined to small parcs packed up by spipners at about 113c. per lb. for good middling uplands. Holders did not pres sales, and business closed dulL The receipts at the ports for the week amnounted to 112,000 bales against 129,000 bales last year, and 144,000 bales the year previous. The deficit in total receipts had increased, and was 348,000 bales. The advices by theEuropa, which were considered favourable for breadatu£fs, gave some confidence to holders of State and Western flour, and, notwithstanding the large receipt., a disposition to insist upon a alight advance was manifested. Buyers, howrever, did not respond, and the market cloaed on 'Change with seUers at $4 60c. to $4 65c. for super State, and buyers at $4 50c., ruling strongly in favour of the latter. Canad% and Genesee steady. In corn meal we note a sale of 50 puncheons at $17 25c. The wheat market,was rather firmer for Western, and opened with a decided tendency upward, which was checked before the close by the advance in freight to Liverpool. The markets for all Idnds of provisions were rather quiet, and prices had not varied materially. LATER BY TELEGRAPH, vi& BOSTON. NEW YOBE STOCK AND MOiNEY MARKET, DEC. 15, 6 r.sr.-The money-market is easier, with more activity in good paper. Foreign exchange inactive, at 109k to 109i for to-morrow's steamer. Stocks, at the aecond board, were dull, and quite irregular in price. New York Central Railroad, 741; Erie, 1I; Harlem, 71; La Crouse and Milwaukle, 10 ; bllchigan Southern, 21; Cleveland Toledo, 4Z v Galena and Chicago, 74. Ashes, pots, $6; pearls, $5 75c. Cotton, ic. lower; small salee, at 10c. for upland. Flour lower, with a moderate business for export; sales, common to straight State, $4 45c. to $4 Wec.; common to good Ohio, $5 15c. to $550oc. ; extra Genesee, $5 60c. to $7; Southern, heavy and lower; mixed to good brands, $4 95c. to $5 25c.; fancy and extra, $5 30c. to $7; Canadian, inactive, sales 500 barrels; extra, $4 90c. to $6. Wheat.-A fair busineas for export, but closea heavy; Chicago spring, 97c. to $1 ; Milwaulaie club, $1 6c.; Canadian white, $1 20c.; Western red winter, $1 10c. to #1 lSc.; Southern white; $1 20c. to $1 42%c. Oats steady-State, 40c. to 45c.; Western, 40c. to 45c. Corn in fair demand, part for export; white Southern and new, 60O. to 66c. Pork lower ; mena, $15 to $16; prime, $13 50c. to $14. Beaf heavycountry mess, $9 to $10; prime, $5 75c. to $6 50c.; repacked Chicago, $11 to S13; prune mess, $22 to U24. Lard weak and lower at 9io. to 10c. Hams, 7ic. to 10c.; shoulders, 7c., to 7V Butter-Ohio, lic. to 16o. State, 14c. to 21c. Sugar firm; sales, (300 hhds.; molasae steady. Spirits of turlent1ne, 40c.; crude rosin and tar, no sales. Freights to Liverpool firmer; flour, Is. 10d.; grain, 5id. to 6ijc THE LATEST PER THE AMERICA. (BY TELEGRAPH VIA HALIFAX.) NEW YORK, DEC. 17 (Evms-o). Our cotton-market is very dull, and prices have declined je. per lb. since the departure of the mail for the America. Midland uplands is quoted at 10;c. Breadstuffs and provisions are dull and tending dowtnward. The stock-markret to-day was rather firmer, and all descriptions of securities show a slight advance in price. The moaey-market is again rather easier. Sterling exchange is flat at about the quotations advised per mail. 1NE;W OBLEANS, DEc. 15 (EvNE-1NG). Our cotton market has been very active to-day, the sales reaching 20,000 bales, at 10c. for middling. The receipts at this port up to the present time fall short 158,000 bales of the same period last season. Freights, cotton to Liverpool, id. to 7-16d., and to Havre, Jc. Sterling exchauge, 104i to 100k- A despatch from Messrs. Neil Brothers, of New York, dated evening of the 17th inst., says:- ,Oar cotton market is quiet here, at 103c. for mdddling. In the Southern markets a large bnsiness is doing on a basis of 10c. for middling. The exports to Great Britain are small. Freights are delning, the quotatioa to Liverpool being $d. to 7-16dV
FAi,unRs AT WAsutyrg.-There have been three failures in the worsted trade, and one in the corn trade, at Wakefield. One of the local journals says.- " The worsted and yarn trade his for a number of weeks been in a stagnant condition, and most of the mills have been working short time. We regret to say that at length the pressure of the times has commenced to tell dlsastrously on somo of the employers of labour. Messrs Thom son and Walker, worsted spinners, We;tgate-common, gave called a meeting of their oreaitors for next week. fossrs. Coldwerl, Brothers, worsted spinaers, have also issued dr. calars, calling a roeeting of their creditors; and Mesrs. Hallilay, likewlse in the worsted trade, have been obliged to adopt a similar course. Some week or two ago Mr. Charles Exley, corniaotor and maltster, was also under the necessity of consulting with his creditorsbut beyond this we have heard of no weakness in the corn trade, at least so far as Wakefield is concerned." The Wokefeld Express thus speaks in reference to the condition of the worsted and woollen trades in Wakefield and its neighbouzhood :-"We have mnuch satisfaction in stating that the leading firms In the town in this (the worsteda branch of ourmanifacture aze bebeved to be it as s%afs condition as any in the kingdom. The Immense leosee which Manchester, Bradford, and some other places have sustained in the export trade with Armeri*a and Germany have sarcely affested them; and it is hoped that in ashore timne busine.s wi assumne a brighter aspeot. The news this week from India and the reduction In the rate of &lscoant have already begun to operate favourably on the, market, aud nsunfacturers bere sDeak with more cefidence, tzsn for some weeks pa In Oett the wooUen business is in a gloomy condltion-tha milll, with one or two exceptions (and those having orders fto= Government), being quite at a staad. Large numbesa of opertives are consequently th2ow0 o0 of am; ployment,and we fear are not so welt able to provide against this state of things awewere,agivqen to understand last'week. Mattersaze al80 in a ve*. depressed stWe at Horbury, and it requires all the cons2lation whiclb. the good news of the nreseit week Is calculate4 to Impat to 3pele. with hope of speedy improvement. Notwithstanding alt these circumstances, it cannot be said that Wakefie) and the wasouadiug distict, thoug]A undoubtedly sut%scl to. pressate, have suffeTed to the same exten2 as manz other places. As yet it hss not been. thought uwce'sary to tuass any speehl appeal to the sympathy and benevolence of the more wealthy classes on bellal Of of eisw le6s favowed ! neighboUss; Mno aouDktphema-socomuienjn.. some towns -Ibave been opened for thxsrelisf of the destitte;. A we sincerely trust tbat with. ths expiratlnU o( the old yea.r muschhf the distress WWsM. nas nilarbed its closing scenes 'will disappear for ever.' AIDMXX CLASS &reiAT1oN.-A meeting of the clergy of the archde ^oinry of Livereol, having been duly sunmmoned was h6ld afw daysagoin th.Bosrdroom of the Co(llegiate lnstituLVeo, the Ven. Axchdeacon Jones in the chair, for the c.)nsideration of this =sbjeot. After an aojeurned meeti A ana a disouoston of five hours in all, tho following resol';,u was adopt i-" That the clergy of the archdeaconry of iverpool WMkfnly recognize the high motives Wl' .d ha e inducwd th University of Oxford to originsatb a plan for the Improvement of the education of tie mniddle classes in England, and sincer',1y desie to co-operte with the same so far as their consoeltious wonviotI"s will allow. They cannot, ?,.owever, corceal frou tie public, nor ought they to conceal from the Uriversity, that many of their body have serious misgiiingsrepectiugtheeffect whioh Is hlbely to be pro. duced on the relTgion of the maiddle classes by that regula. tion WhlMh precindes profiolenoy in divin}iy from rcceivirg honourable dittinctiou. They therefore respectfully reques-, that that past of the proposed scheme may receive carwt ul reconsideration, und especially thatsuoh steps as seew desirable may be taken for obtaining the general sense 'of the clergy of the Churlc of &ngland on this subject." CRYSTALPALACE.-ONE SHLLING D,. -Ilonday, Dec. 28 -AA,iion-, ons pnymes[l3,48;3, 4;.; , by seasotq
I INDIA AND. CHINA. THE CALCUTTA MAIL. (BY SbUR M A "Brna T=GRB API.) We have received the following telegram from our own correspondent, vid Trioste:- "TRIESTE, Dra. 28. The steamer from Alexandria arrived here this day (the 28th) at 11 o'clock p.m., in 125 hours, from Alexandria. " The Calcutta and China mails had left Alexandria with dates from Calcutta to the 25th of Novemner; Madras, 28th; Ceylon, Decermber 2 and Hongkong, November 15. " 'The news of the reUef of Lucknow is confirmed. The enemy is said to have fought desperately. 7,600 bodies of Sepoys were counted in one garden. The rebels had not evacuated Lucknow. "Sir Colin Campbell asks for reinforcements. "Three companies of the 34th Native Infantry mutinied at Chittagong on the 19th of November, and had marched to Dacca. One hundred Europeans adbeen sent to intercept them. No Europeans were killed. " The Calcutta markets were almost unchanged. " The money-market had improved. Exchange, 2s. 1gd. to 2s. 2d. for credits. " At Madras the money-market continued easy. " There had been a further reduction in the bank rates. " Exchange was unaltered." CHEIITA. "The American Oo±nmissioner has arrived at Hongkong in the Minnesota. "s The fleet is about to move Into Canton River. The French fieet will co-operate with the English. "Operations were not to be commenced immediately. "The Rumian Commissioner was at Hongkong. " Exchange at Hongkong, 4s. 101d. to 4s. 11d. "At Shanghai silk had given way ,10 to $15. Exchange, 6s. 8d. to 6s. 8id. for credits." The follo wlng telegram, which was received at the East India-hous-e yesterday morning, gives the Calcutta version of the relief of Lucknow. It will be found to correspond with that from Bombay, published on the 26th inst., bat contains a few additional particulars:- " The Commander-in-Chief croBsed the river and entered Oude on the 9th inst. Ile was reported from Cawnpore on the ]2th to have reached the Alumbagh, and to have opened communication with Sir James Outram. Between the 9th and 12th 1,300 troops of all arms crossed the river at Cawnpore to join the Commander-in-Chief. On the 12th three companies of the 82d marched for the Alumbagh, and on the following day three companies of the 13th1 the Military Train, and Crawford's Artillery weron to move in the same direction; further, it wagn intended to send on Carthews brigade of Madras Sepoys, expectea at Cawnpore, unless the Gwalior mutineers should cross the Jumna. The latter on the 12th inst. numbered 3,000, or by native accounts 5,000 effective men, with 8 heavy and 30 field guns. "By the last telegram, dated the 23d, some portion of this force had crosed the Jumna and entered the Doab. On the 13th the Commanderin-Chief commenced operations by blowing up the fort of Jhullawan, near the Alumbagh ; on the 15th inst. be occupied DiLkhoosh Park nd Martinibre, after a running fight of two hours; in the evening the enemly again came forward, but were heavily repulsed, and the operation ended in our taking the postacrosathecanal. Ourlossis small. Lieutenant MIayne, Horse Artillery, and Lieutenant Wheatcroft, Carbineers, killed " On the 16th the Commander-in-Chief advanced acroms the canal in force; on the 17th he attacked Bagh, which was occupied after a severe struggle. The enemy suffered enormously, 1,500 dead bodies of Sepoys having been coignted in one place only. The lihah Monzill vvas then cannonaded for three hours, and was carried at dusk, after one of the severest fights ever witnessed. " On the 16th the Meshouze was carried by a- Sault, after a heavy cannonade, and the troops then ushed on rapidly and seized the Motee Mahal before dark. ' Ouitraraand Havelock cameoutthenand joined the Commanaer-in-Chief. "The Commander-in-Ohief was very slightly wounded; and of his staff, Major Alison, severeQy; Captain Alison and the Hon. A. Anson, alightly. "The following officers were killed:-Midshipman D)amien, Naval Brigade; Captain Headley, Royal Artillery; Captain Dalzell, 93d; Captamn Luniaden, 30th Native Infantry, doing dutygwith the 93d; and Lieutenant Frankland, 2d Punjab Infantr. "ITenty-seven other officers were wouinded. The L;ist goes by this mail. The Commander-iaChief reports that the garrison has been removed, and that he is engaged in conveying women and wounded to the rear. The city of Lucknow will be held in check by a strong movable column, with field and heavy artillery, occupying a good military position outside the town. The fort of Antrowahes evacuated by the enemy, and razed to the ground by Colonel Southden, who intended returning instantly to the Jaunpore frontier, as it was still threatened by a large force from Oude. " Lieutenant Oaborne, political agent in Rewah, has been authorized to detaoh a force to suppress the insurrection in Bijerargoogurb, and to take the administration in his own hands. Ile reports that certain chiefs of Magher have broken out in rebellion at Rewah itself. The agent seems to be all right now. A body of mutineers reported on the 10th to have advanced from Ghoramwal or Mezzapore district, and to have erosced the Belgun into RewahL territory. The fort of Dbur occupied bj our troopa on the 15th, but the rebel garrison esEcaped. " It is apprehended that the mutiny of the Cotah. troops, and the disaffection among the feudatorieso of Meyar and Marnear may cause serious disorder in Rajpootana. The force there is very weak, and European troops are urgently called for. From other native States there is no new intelligence of an unfavourablenauure. The following vessels bave arrived since the despatch of the last mails :-Nov. Sj the Barhau; Nov. 13, the Victoria xnd Join Bell; Nbv. 1OC, theOctavia, Agamemnon, and UrwiclCastle; Nov. 17, the Cresy and the Coampion of the S4as; Nov. 19, the James Baines; Nov. 20, the Earmmond; Nov. 22, the Ohartage, and the Sir Robert Sale; Nov. 23, the Alienborougb ;: Aarch 24, the Calabar; Nov. 24, the Mcaah, the. CAlabar, and the Aliqliis. " U. F. EDMONSTOZUZ, "Secretary to the Government ofkIhdia." CHhIiA. " CALWUTTA, Ncw. 24.. "PRosEL 6. F. 5nfW9'oSTOX4 ESQ, SiYCXRER1Y TOr TgS QOYVaNXaTr OF INM-1. "?Poltical intellig>ence, ex Alma, Suez, Dec. 22. --Geieral ARhhurnbahm was to lea-e (hima in tie Ava, and an attack on Canton -was coRtemplated t.talke phce in a few days after t;he steamer ahould. have arrived from Aden, by the Ajdaha, the AlmsF baving broken her main shaft." "MALTA Dwe_ 27. "The steamer Vectis arrl'ced here last naght at. hid-past I11.1 1 G mOTN M
Tim RzVOLwTION OF t198.-A. Yimbev of Chricatures struck off during the Regax et !ror vere sold, full of charanter, and spoke volumes of that paroxysm in humanity. A map of P*xIs (1793), the only one extent, as sueb hand-guides aye most perishable, e-hibita the, Pasis Royal as " PaWis EgalltW," 1s rue de Bourbea as " Rue de Lucrese Veng,e," the faubourg MonKuartre as " Fauboorg Mont Marat," and so forth; but the gwm 'was a sditary psok of sards, the r,ly enmvivor of hundreds of sets which graced tha gloveltas hsnds of sansoulottee. No kings or queens or ,a,lets (.nave) couold be tolerated. Agenie replaced th first, a robeless Goddes of Liberty the second, and a sries of Egalilet bho tbird. Loi ood for ace. Thus there '.nY for Kiag of Hearts, &o., d6nie de Ia Guerre,G6nle des hrbs, Gdnie de Ia Paix, Oduic de 'I'ndnstrie; Liber6 dea CuXltes, Libertd de le .Pzere, Liberid des MIarages, L' oert6 des Professions; equalty of sals equality ot 'dntles, equality of skin, equalkiy -of rigts; the knave of spsdes was a young workmen waving the tricolour, and his foot on b stone of tbe Bastlile. I doubt wehether Crokers colleotion has anything more typical of the periDd, -Globe. EoiV: KRNSINGTON ANIU9EUNE.-During the week ending,)eo. 26 the visitors have been as follows:--On lornday, Tnbesdsy, and Hturda, free days, 6,1568 OD Mon. dpy Tneadey. aud Saturday, free eveniogs, i,244; on tbe three stdents' days (admission t,o the pubhic Gd, tS; PQ *.ts, e. xhiBg, Wednesdag, 70; totsl1 9JNS4
IN DI As IRE RELIEF OF LUCKNOW. (A portlon of the followig appeared in our mccond edition of yesterday:7-] By the arrival of the Bombay mnail we have received our prirate ooTrespondenoe and flex of papera from Bombay to the 4th of December. The following is the letter of olpr Bombay corre spondent :-- . . . {'B05IAY, ]DXc, 4£ "So far as we are aware, no untoward evept has occurred during the put. fortnight 'to mar the steady progress of,the lp6tish arms towards the complete punishment of -the rebels and pecificatio. of the country. At Lucmnow the relieving force has been itielf relieved. After a series of desperata xtraggles, In whxich.the loss of the enemy was tremendous and his own severe, the Commander-laChief succeeded in efl'eting 'a, .wction with Mavelock and Ottram,andwas able todespatch the longimprisoned women and chldxn, with the sick 'and ' wounded, to the rear, for Cawnpcire.I In Central India the Mandesore insurrection has been conipletely crushed. Rajpootana. is qulet. The mutinied Joudpore Legion has been encountered and disaipated. In the Punjab, the late disturbed district is at rest again. The :Nizam's country remains perfectly tranquil; and of the smaller Presidencies, Madr is entirely, Borbay almost entirely, free fro2i disorder; and day by day, at each of the threecapitazof BritishIndia are dropping in the reinforcements from England, gradually swelling to its full volume that great food under which what still exists of mutiny and aurder wil be for ever submerged. "W hen I closed my last letter omr intelligence of affairs at Lucknow aud its vicinity came down to. the 9th of Noveraber, on -which day, as we had. just heard, Sir Coln Campbell had rossed the Gauges from Cawnpore into Oude on his way to. the capitaL The column under Brigader Hope Graut had, you will remember, preceded the Commander-iu-Chief by some days, and wa* known tohave attained the fortiried post of the Alumbagh, three miles from Lucknow, with but trilling opposition. Meanwhile Outram and flavelork, after enperiencing severe losses in the attempt to elear a wayback through the city from the recovered Residency to the Alumbagh, were quiely waiting within their intrenchmente to be relieyed, secure against any asault from the enemy, though too weak for offensive operations against hikn. The report that out of the officers of this gallaat little fore G3 had' up to the end of September (whem their activemovements appear to have ceased> been kilred& and wounded I hoped might be an exaggerated one. But the official list that has since appeared only too fully confirms it. Of the Staff Sir J'emes Outram and Captain Haveloek were each shot through an arm, and Colonel T;ytler wonaded by a- bayonet thrust. The 90th have had 11 officers hit, of whom Lieutenants Nunn, Graham, and 31oultriewere killed, and Colonel Camplell, a hero of the Caffre war,- mortally wounded. The 78th, oth Fuhileers, 84th, and Madras Fasileers had also suffered severely. Weakened by these losses, and, as I have Et id, in no anxiety for the safety of their position, the Generals awaited the arrival of the relief which they knew to be at hand ; and, accordingly, within the first few days of November a force amounting apparently to not les3 than- 5,00 men, and.; probably exceeding that number, was massed at various point5 along the Alumubagh. Hope Grant'x colum: wraa there, the mon of Delhi and of the battle under the wa&s of Agra , and there were Peel, with his Naval Brigade, ready and'willing as ever, and the stalwart EH@islnders of Mie 9ad, at whom, as also at the sailors, the sleek' Bengalese whom they eneountered on their way up the country had gazed with awe and wonder, and the 53d, Bavage with the recen Tos of their Oolonel,. Powell.. There was a respectable little force of cavalry, and the artillery was very strong both in field-guns and in pieces of' heavy metal, S-inch. guns and- mortars and eighteen 24-pounders. Joining thenxain body ofthis force on the 10th, Sir Colin moved on towards. the Alumbagh on Thursday, the 12b4h. A- little'. skirmishing took place, andc a fort called JUellalabad, Jying offthe road, a short distance to the right, was. tak.an and blown up. Ths Alumbagh &ttained, communicatioms were opene6with Sir J; (lutram and Sir H.Havelockat the Resid3ncy. Of the operations thatensued it is not. easy to. giv.e an acoount that will. be intelligible without the aid of a plan of the city,. such as that of which a copy lies before me, which, however, will doubtlers be reproduced in England, having been prepared, fbom offcial sources speoially to illustrate this fierce struggle. You. are already. aware that to reach the' Residancy by. the direct roada from Cawnpore the-wholebreadth oi the city has to be,. traversed. It was desirable, therefore, to appromch it, if possible, by a.cizcuitous route, turning the city, either en the right or on the left. To the right, or east side, such a proceeding: aIpeared practicable. There,, between the. suburb and the river Goomtee.. (on wkich the north side of the city rests) was a . comparatively or-n space, between whieh. and, the Residency were no continuoui streets_ on lines of buildings, but only, some mosques,. palaces,. and other edifices, audtenclosures, capable,.. indeod, of being trongly. heldi but still offering lesa. danger to an attacking force than the deep parrowr Ianos.of the cent of the city.. Accordingy it, by this quarter that the CominAnder-in-Chief deter-; mined to ad-oance upon. the Residency. in Sunday, the :16th,. leaving the main roa.d, at- the,. Ahunbagh, he, marched,acs the ouuntry to h;s right till he came to- the house aui paris. of. Dilkhoosha (Reart's.delight),, abutting upon. the. canal, which forms Kte southern, as. the Go&mtee. does the- rorthern, bou1sdrry of tba city. T,his. enclosure, with thabof; the neighborinLj. Ma.sniere. College (Eounded ly the ecentric old- Xcench adven.. turer, Geeral ClaideMm-tin), w24 eyirried by Sir. Colin after a rumiingfight*of two hoars Latez in the. day, the enemy,, whom. this flant -mwovement may. bave tahen by suspriso, came 5a=o a the r%nal. a(di attacked unin force. After a strrJggle. oi =n.houi they ware se'tely vexlsed, an.i frill b"-k over the. canaL The open space of which I hava.spoken now lay just in Qw front of oiur troops, wikb only th. canal betwrten it acd them. An adi=cedpicke, at. once cleed and occupied a.or,tiora 04 the fur%her side of this barrie, and th operecUnA of tlh day,, during which the English loss ir- olicee had beMn lieutenantia Mayne, of th. ua ter ee;a1's. |dep~me-nt, asnd Whencoft, '< the Carabinee-,3. caine to an end. On Vhe fo ilowing mormng the, Commander-in-Chief o& hi5 whole force acros tho canal, and marched across the open space ir big, front straight upc3 Secu nderbagh, the firat in order of the erlosurea to which I have aUuded as CO'sexig '4he Residenoy in thia qurter, and which 'was occupied in foroe. After a despe3ste struggle, in which the enery 'suffere& enomousl:,' this poaition was carried. Then a heavy cannoaade was 'kept up for thee hours on what the telegram, as printed, cals the 'Ramuch,'. and whic x tal;e to be either the bar'racls.or one of .thib Wildings lying dire4tiy, by t,he plan, between' SeWunderbagh and the hIess.house, perhaps one c5 the MBahals, or palaces. ' It 'as car ried at dusl, aitr one of the severest 'fights ever weitnesl>' Noxt morning, the l-th, the Mles-- house, whic is desribad as a very srong posllion, beQno the object of a heavy ca aiade1
Bms oF ExcuAwGF nw BA .i-pTay.-At the last sitting of the Hull Bnkruptoy Court, Mr. Commissioner A yrton gave judgment in the case IHR Harrison, Watgon, and Co., ' which arose on a motion on behalf of William Froggart, John George Woodvrard, and Joseph Marliott for an order that the official asignee should forth. with deliver up to them certain bills of exchange mentioned in a schedtle, and also such sums ax might have been received by the official ssinee In respect of such bills. It appears that at the time of the bankruptcy Harrison and Co. were in poeon of bills of exchange toa larg amonut paid into their accontm by Proggart and Oa.; these bills Messrs. Proggart and Co. ow claimed, and the claim was reda by the assignee on the grourd that the property in the bills W changed, anL tiat it had become a question of debtor aDd creditor only. The Commissioner reviewed Ue facts of the cse at trt length, cied numerous authorities oD. te subjSet, and ally deelded that the bils of exchaue whih b bet trnsmitted by Mesrs Froggart and Co, to the bankrupt and which remained with the latter at the time of thebaukD. rDptay, are the property of Mesr ls.Fggart and Co. anD nust delivered to them by the wsinees), aud that they are entitled to the proceeds of them,
AUSTRALIA. I X [The following appared In ur eeond dltUr of ys PLYMOU THi ONDAY XoaRnmo. Osn ship Suffolk:, 0aptai J. B. Martin, bolongi3 to Mesrs. Wigram, of londe,was 9$I tho port lat evening, and has landed about 100 pawengers here. She left Hobson's Bay October 5, rounded COpe Horn November 3, croued the Line December 4, and made the LizArd on the evening of Chratmas-day. The Suffolk has a full cargo of copper ore, tallow, and wool, and brings one of the largest freights of golddust ever sent in a sailing ship, viz., 145,000 ounce.; beside, which there is a considerable amount in the hands of her pasbengers,-hltogether 240, including Major Greenwood, New Zealand Staf, several young colonists for education in. England, and many succeful diggers, one of whom hasa nugget weighing 274 lb. Tne Suffolk spoke, south of the Line, the schooner Th6rize, 15 days from BuenqsAyres, for Plyrmouth; and, December 13, the Dutch ship Frederik 1., T2 days from Batavia, for Rotterdan.
INDIA N MUTINY BBELJE FEUD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIME. Sfr,-I shall feel obliged by your 3nertion of the following very intereating letter which I have just received from Agra. The public wi at the -nme time be glad to learn, that 10,0001., the exatt amount of relief requeeted by the Agra Bouxd had been voted for them by this committee before the date of their application; so that a few days after their letter wa& despatched the fu4ds for which they had npplied must have been at~ their disposal. I have the honour to be, Sir your obedient servant, TROUAR A vrhruya Preddent. ZW, C&ionstreet, Rm.( L - --^ ' To THE PRXSDXN'T OF TM& FuwD yo. DIZ pX OF T= SUFFZBEMS BY ThE hItYT 32 INDIA, LONDON. "Fort Agr, Nov. 20. Bir,-Havingbeenappolnted by tbe Cominnisoner of the torth-Wetern Provinces agentsfor thezubscriptions which have been or may be placed At tbe dipoul of thia Gorern ment for the relief of suffere by the late maunies, we bee tp make direct application to yoa for a portion of the fand now being raised by the libetaUity of our countrymen a orne, and to request that, if it meet with your approval a aum of money mnay be plced at our disposal to enable us to relieve the wants of those whose"crcmsances cannot be conidered by the relief committees at Catta and Bombay. "It will readily occur to you thAt ituated as we are in the Very centre of the districts which have been the wcenes Of so much violence and suffering, the calls for aistanoe afe numerous and pressing. By the liberality of the Bellef C3mmittees at Kurrachee and Bombay, who have sent us 300. and 2251. reepectrvely, we have been enabled to afford some help to the most necessitous; but these sums will only enable us to relieve a very small portion of the distres around us. "In Agra it may be truly said that the entire Christian population Is not only houoeless, but that the majority of it have not the most essential articles of furniture or dothing. At preaent we are livlng in thecellrs and vaults In the fort, but as soon as tranquillity is restored it will be necessary for a1 except the garrison to move out of i and we fear that unless we can sucoeed in raising funds suffident to help those who have little or no means of their own a large number of people will be unable to get cover before the hot weather Commence. The circumstnces of the sryivor= at the other stations in these provinces are as bed and in many instances more deplor4ble than of the resdents here In addition to those who are suffering fromJ the loss of their property there is a number of widow& and children, uany of them entirely destitute1 for whom provision will have to be made. " We Propose applying to the Calcutta Relief Committeefor 2,000W , and to the Bombay Committee for 600, in additlon to the remittances they bhve already Jent; and we tow ask you to assist us to the extent of 10,0001., and We hopo that with these sums we may be able to afford mater asdsitance to thooe in sead of it. "We take this opportunity of expresing our entite concurrenoe in the rules laid down by the India Distre Com. mittee at the meeting of the 26th of September, and our Sull intention of acting up to their spirit as fr as it is possible. "With the concurrence of the Financial Commissioner of the North-Western Province, we beg, in conclusion, that any SutS you may be plemed to send Us may be forwarded to the Bank of Bengal in Calcutta, to be placed to the credit of the Goverament of Agra; and the neesary steps to get the lnoncy up here will be taken by the Government. "We have the honour to be, &C., W. IL LOWE, 0.s., Joint Magistrate of grag Ec E. H. LANGDON, Curator to Government, North-Western Provinces R. MIADE, Captain, Major of Brigade, Gwalior Contingent. AHNOLD W. MATTHEWS, Agent, Agra Bank CorporationL"
THE ENGLISH IN INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. &ir,-Ina notioe on the late lr. Colvia contained in 27 Tima of the 25th I find the following passage :-" Incredible as it appears, a practice bs arisen of late years of designating the natives-not the mutinous Sepoys merely, but the natives generally-by the opprobrious name of niggers," and ' Indophlus " quotes in a note one instanoe in su1 port of this charge against the servioe generally. Thbs might appear at first sight too trifling a matter to merit further notice in your columns, but it seems to me at the present crisis capecially desirable that the public mind should be rightly !nformed even in the most minute par. ticcuas connected with the state of the service and the probable causes of the revolt, and that attention should not be drawn away from the acts and responsibilities of the Government by any mistaken views of the character and conduct of its servants We shal have it all over England to-day, and in a few hours In every circle in the civilized world, that the Indiau revolt is a thing not much to be wondered at, since we learn on the authority of 'Indophilus" that the natives of the country have been of late years treated with insult by the English, and called habitually by the opprobious name of "n rggers," I have been 31 years in India, have moved about mnch, and seen mu^h of the service and of the country-less, certaily, of Bengal than of any other portion of It; and I have never heard the word used. e,cept by the most thoughtless among very young men. The natives are, as a general rule, treated with that Oourkt and consideration which characterize the bearing of an English gentleman under all circumstances, btt we know the diiferenoe there between a Moonshee and a Nawab, and even among Rajahs we draw a distinction between the man whose profligacy is gross and revoltilng and him whose ife does not disgrace hnmanity. The so-called courtesy with which some of the natives of India have been received in England Is simply discreditable. I h- Y-, A FIELD OFFICEBR DO, 26.
TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIMZES Bir,-In 2cie Times newspaper of the 26th inst. it i3 there stated that thle Mater of St. Mrtns-intthe.FIeldx Workhoue "had not thooght proper to supply informa. tion' relAtive to the Christmse dnner provided for the iunmates. I beg nost respectfully to inform you that bad I received a communioation from the gentlemen of the pre, as I bad hitherto done every Christmas for the lat 7 Yors, I should bave been mogt happy to have given the required informastion ixnnmediately. Christmas Dner.-Roaat beef, 70z.; baked potatoes, llb. i plum-pudding, llb.; and pint of porter, for each adlchildren in proportion. Ingredients for the pudding:-Plour, 1801bs.; ralsins, 112be. ; currants, 50lba.; mixed iploe, 4lbs. ; lemon-peel, 81bs.; suet, 1681be.; sugar, 2,1be. eggs, 168; znlk, 8 Indoor inmates, Christma, 1856, 623 ; ditto, 1857, 464 ; decrease, 159. LunaticIs, 86 69; ditto, 1857, 60; decreser 9 1C9hIldren at Hanwell,1856 139; ditto, 1857, 1d25; Aeae, 14. Out-relief, 1856,685; dito, 1857, 337; Soliciting that you may be able to afford space for the I am, Sir, yours most reeneotfull,. JAM1?R t'RA1NTV9R. mada. ar. mArtn's-in-the-Field, Dec. 2.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Will you a lowr u to ae tbat our export tmd, ietad of being, M ment1on.d in your money article od ye.tArtiby, 500,00fl4 a.r, amowited in be 12 months endig the 310t of Gotobe lt to 30,6881, *nd thbet we hn, no a Ginmodatior blll traaotiono wrhaever ? Your eb.dlnt servan . ? XACKENZE39, RASAY, AND 00. Dudee, D". 26, EMORATioN.-Twhe Government emigrant udip Rodney, 877 tons, Capn, AIleiader Bltet, 8ae4 from Pl.yxoth on Friday, the 2Z&k lzAi, toz MeHowu=, 11torna, with 310 emi%auts.
FOREtGN INTELLfGEN('B. FRANCE. (IBMO OUR OW1N (OPSP.MPoNqDKNT.) PARIS SUNDAWY, DEc 27, 6 P.Sr. The successive prorogations of the Spai'sh Cortes from the 30th of October, the day originally fixed for their meeting, to the 30th of Deceiiber, and againto the 10th of January, were explained in the decree of the 15th Inst. by the auxious desire of the Queeux to open the seasion in person. The real cause is, very probably, to give time to the Government not only to prepare the measures they intend win~lng forward, but also to reduce as much as po:ssble the opposition they anticipate from the various fractions of the Chambers. Should that opposition manifest itself from the commencement, they will, it is thought, boldly demand from the Parliament a vote of confidence, and if it be refused, they will then disolve it and appeal to the country agaiust that verlict. The confidence of the Crown, it may be assumed, the Ministers enjoy quite as much as their predecessors but those predecessors can tell them how little it is to be relied upon. In the meantime the Cabinet is preparing a mass of projects, with what result few will venture to say. In Spain every party and every Minister begins by turning topsy-turvy all branches of the administration under the pretext of reform, though hardly a law or a decree remains in force for the short apace of a year. Spanish statesmen pas their time in making and unmaking constitutions, administrative laws, and systems of finance, -while the country is ruled at the arbitrary will of a Minister, who may himself be dismissed without notiece, and at the very moment when the " good easy man" fancies that he is as firmly fixed as a rock. Bravo Murillo was turned out just as he had completed his elaborate plan of reform, meaning by that term the overthrow of Parliamentary Governmen'-Parliamentary by right, though hardly ever existing in fact. His Cabinet was succeeded by two others that lived and died without governing. An insurrection overthrew the Sartorius Ministry. A Constituent Assembly was convoked for the purpose of framing a new constitution. The new contstitution was painfully elaborated, but before it obtained the Royal sanction, which Her Majesty really never meant to give, another coup d' 6tat overthrew the Government, and General O'Donnell, whose baton of Field-Marshal was won oa the rebel field of 1854, -was appointed President of the Council. The constitution, on which the energies of the Constituent Cortes had been wasted, was torn to shreds before it was executed. The constitution of 1845 was disinterred, and additional clauses appended in rather a liberal sense. O'Donnell fell within three months by one of those Palace intrigues against whioh no Minister is ever safe, and before ho had time to put in execution his amended system. Narvaez succeeded him. As a matter of course, the first thing Narvaez did -was to undo the work of his predecessor. He convoked, or rather he named, a new Cortes, and, like the others, brought forward his own peculiar reforms. They, of course, were voted unanimously by his nominees, who after having done his bidding were prorogued. A law against the press appeared; the Minister announced that it muat not be discussed, that there wao no time for discusion - and General Narvaez, at whose feet the Cortes and the country thea lay, was authorized to carry it out. While in the full career of strength, apparently enjoying the unbounded confidence and sincere friendship of Her Majesty Queen Isabella, the mighty Narvaez fell without knowing why or wherefore. Jp to the last moment he received touching marks of attachment and gratitude from his Royal mistress. After aMinisterial crisis, which lasted a month, the Armero-Mon Ministry succeeded him. Thewe, undoing the acts of their predecessors, suspended the "reforms" propoed by Nocedal and Narvaez, and are now said to be preparing measures which are in complete contradiction to those of the late Cabinet, as voted by the present Cortes, who sanctioned every political infamy of Nocedal. This is a brief narrative of facts which have taken place within the last three or four years. On reviewing them, we are justified in doubting that men and women will demand from the present Cortes, composed as they are, the approval of a system which they avow to be liberal; that the measures of these Ministers will become the law of the land; or if, contrary to all probability, they are voted without convoking a new Parliament, that they will be allowed to last for any time. If I am to believe Information received from Madrid, there ae other dangers which menace the Ministry, and which, as every confdence may be reposed in the honesty of intention and ability of M. Mon, I sincerely trust he may succeed in coaquering. The army, which presses on the Government as the Pretorian Guards did at Rome, is said to show symptoms of division. Accordino to the old mode of doing things, proclamations of a seditious tendency are said to have been secretly introduced into some of the barracks. They were to the effeot that if the Narvaez Ministry still ruled Spain the period of ervice of the private soldiers would be curtailed by two years on the occasion of the birth of the Prince of Asturias; that such a boon, which is so dear to the Spanish soldiers, they cannot expect to receive from the hands of a Minister of War (Armoro) who is merely a sailor; that they the soldiers consequently know what they have to expect, and that the remedy is in their own hands. The proclamations were of so subversive a character that the soldiers were warned against those who wished to excite them to mutiny, which could only have the most deplorable consequences to themselves. Imperal decrees are published in this day's Moai=,eu, convoking the Senate for the 18th of January, reappointing M. Troplong its President for the ensuing year, and M. Mesnardx, Marshal Pelissier, Baraguay d'Hilliers, and Generel Regnsud de St. Jean d'Angely Vice-Presidents. M. Troplong is, as you are aware, First President of the Court of Cassation. Another decree raises x Le Roy de St. Amaud (brother of the late Marshal), Admiral Gnivel, and Me Hubert Delisle, Governor of the Island La Reunion (formerly Isle de Bourbon), to the dignity of senators. The promotion of IM. St. Arnaud leaves a vacancy in the Counoil of State, which is also filled up, as well as the inferior places in the same body,-in all, seven new appointments. These, however, are very probably the foretaste of the more ample list of promotions and honours of the New-year to which so many longing eyes and hearts are turned. Many, no doubt, will be disappointed, some will get nothing, and others will deem what they get as by no means an equivalent for their services. Numerous promotions wvll be made in the army, and a very handsome additioa to the Legion of Honour. The press has been " invited" to refrain from giving particulars about duels and duelists, with a view to arrest the rage for single combat, which seems on the increase, and which in some late instances bas been attended with serious results. It iscontemplatedto "invite" the pressalsotoeschew philosophical and religious discussions. This is a condescension to the clergy. The subjects which journalists will be allowed to treat on are narrowing their circle each day, until, " fine by degrees and beautifully less," they will soon reach the impalpable condition alluded to by the ingenious Barber of Seville. The Estafette will probably not be long in the land of the living, as its quietus is said to be every moment expected. The question of agricultural assurance, debated the other day before the Council of State aug rand complet, the Emperor presiding, is for the presnt at an end. The project of M. Perron savoured too much of Socialism to be popular with the Council. It was rejected by a majority of 47 to 3; 50 beinga the total number present. The Council will soon meet to take into consideration the question of the usury laws. A letter from Malaga of the 14th inst. states that on the night of the 12th the French steamer Normandie came into collision with a large Dutch steamer five miles off the port. The shock was RO violent that the Dutchman had only time to run his ship ashore at the entrance of the port. Ais to the Normandie, she escaped with some damage to her cutwater. It was feared that if the east wind continued the Dutch steamer would become a complete wreck, The French captain complains that the other steamer did not hoist the proper light. The 22d of December has passed by, and the law authorities of Colmar (Haut-Rhin) have not appealed from the decision of that court in the Migeon eae. It was considered advisable or prudent not to provoke further and unpleasant disclosures, 'which, it is positively affirmed, the defendant had it in his power to make. It is dated that the greatest opposition to recommeacing the proceedings emanated from influential persons whom these disclosures would affect most. Tho oW4QDn for Qolm=;, M for Paris will probbly not be held before the 25th of May-the very ongest pernod which the consitution allows, dating from the resignation of the succesoful candidates. M. MWigeon intends presenting himself again, and not, as it; seems, 'without the strougest hopes of success. No answer has been received from the President of the Councii of State touching the application for taking proceedings against the P;efect of Police for the libellous report brought forward in his name on the trial. The demand has been renewed, but there is little chance of the President complying. A letter from Cherbourg of the 24th inst. announces that seven companies of the lEt Regiment of Marines embarked that day on board the screw transport Metwe for Mattiniqiie, where they are to keep garrison. Each of these companies is composed of 90 privates, besidea officers and non-commissioned officers. A conmpany of artillery arrived from L'Orient had likewito embarked for Martinique. Deepatches have been received from the Marquesas Islauds. They announce that Admiral Lugeol had arrived from France in the port of Taio-Hab on the 16th of August, and having been informed that the tribe of Talpi-Vahi, the only one which still continuen to eat human flesh, had advanced to the territory of the French mission and attempted to seize two young women for the purpose of sacrificing them to the manes of their deceased chief, the Admiral determined to punish their audacity. The territory of the Talpi-Vahi is situated in a long valley thickly wooded, and the passage is so narrow that two men cannot walk abreast through it. Admiral Lugeol, perceiving the difficulty of the position, resolved himself to conduct the expeditioh. He landed a company of Marines from his frigate, and, having been joined by numerous friendly tribes who led the way, he marched during six hours from village to village, all of wbichhe burnt at the suggestion of the friendlyKanaks(natives), leaving nothing standingbut the breadfruit trees and the cocoanut-trees. Having reached the extreme limit of the Ta&pi-Vahi's territory, the Admiral returned to the temple of their high priest, which he preserved as a place of rest for his men, and encamped there. He was informeed that he would be attacked during the night, but such was not the case. The following morning, however, when he was about to resume his march, a number of savages crept unperceived within gunshot of where the Admiral and his stff were amsembled and fired a volley. Fortunately nobody was struck. The Marines then charged the eavages with the bayonet, but they escaped into the woods. The despatch adds that the tribe of the Talpi-Vahi would not have boen so audacious had they not a Bhort time previously beensupplied withmuskets and ammunition by some American whalers, who succeeded in smuggling them on shore. We need not remind our readers of the charming romance of Mr. Melville called TVpee, or the Marquesas. AUSTREA. (PROM oUR owN CoRasPONDZxr.) VIENNA, DEc. 23. The Oe3terreichische Zeitung of the 18th inat. contained a leader, entitled " The Suez Canal," which produced an extremely unpleasant impression, because it was believed to have been written at the instigation of the Minister of Finances. No allusion was made to the article in my correspondence because it contained a singularly impertinent ana coarse attack on Lord Palnerston's person and foreign policy, bat care was taken to inquire whether it had met with the approval of the Fiance Department. The information received on the subject was, that Baron Brck had loudly expressed his displeasure that such an unjustifiable attack had been made on the English Premier. The Austrian Minister of Finance i of a violent and somewhat despotic temper, but he is a gentleman, and consequently not in the habit of vilifying his political opponents. The Vienna correspondent of the Fraw& fort Journal thus speaks of the article above alluded to in his letter of the 19th inst. - " The leader of one of the rmoring papers on the Suez Canal question has at one and the same time crested a tenation and a deidedly unplessnt impressiona The publc Is acoustomed to the disrespectful Yankee syie of Its author, and to his violent expressions of dislike to England in general, and to Lord Palnerston In particular; but it ws surprised to meet with such an article in a paper which is known to be in connexion with one of the branches of the Administration on the very day that Lord Reda'dffe wss expected to arrive at Vienna. The language of the writer for the Oestercihische, Zcitung baa roused the more surprise, because it is known in well-informed circles that Baron von Prokewh hba been instructed to act with the greatest posdble caution in the matter of the Suez Lord Redoliffe reached Vienna at 5 o'clock yesterday evening. On his first arrival the veteran diplornatist thought of leaving for London on Thursday, the 24th, but he soon found that it would be impossiole to do so. Lord Redeliffe is extremely popular here at present, and he will not be permitted to continue his journey homeward until he has partaken of the hospitalUty of the Emperor and of the principal Vienna diplomatists. AB long as this country was the bondslave of Russia it was the fashion to abuse Lord Reddliffe, but after the ignominious yoke was shaken off the Austrians began to do him justice, and to acknowledge that he had done more towards the civilization of the Turklsh empire than any and all of his contemporaries. The Vienna papers have during the last dAy or two contained several articles which are highly complimentary to Lord Reddliffe as a statesman and patriot. It is confessed that no European knows Turkey half so well, or possesses half so much influence at Constantinople as his Lordship. In one of the Vienna papers is the following remarkable Ipassage: "The ecause of the British Ministers extraordry lnfateace over the Porte is easily accounted for. He enjoys the full confidence of the principal Turkish statesmen, because they are well assured that his great object is to secure the integrity and promote the welfare of their native coantry." His Lordship will probably have an audience of the Emperor to-morrow, as Iis Majesty has expressed a wish to see him. DEzcxER 24. It is stated here that Lord Stratford de Redoliffe doers not Intend to return to his post at Constantinople, because he has made arrangements for selling off all the goods and chattels which he has in that city. I do not know where the Viennese picked up this piece of news, but they will probably soon learn from Constantinople that a part of it is incorrect. Hiis Lordahip has made no arrangement respecting the property which he has in the Turkish capital; and persons with whom he is on the most intmate terms assert that they know notbing whatever of his plans for the future. In my letter of yesterday it was stated that the British diplomatist would meet with an excellent reception here, and such has been the case. Yesterday he was with Count Buol, and at 12 o'clock to-day he was to be with the Enmperor. As this is the birthday of Her Majesty the Empress (she is 20 years of age), it was expected that Lord Stratford would not have been received at Court until Saturday, but the Emperor was pleased to make an exception in his favour. To-day Sir Hamilton Seymour gives a diplomatic dinner in honour of his distinguished colleague, who is to dine with the Emperor and Empress to-morrow. On the following day his Lordship will be the guest of Count Buol A few days since died, and was buried in this city, the officer who was in command of the fortress of Comorn at the beginning of the revolution of 188. As the late M. Mertz was generally believed to have been an excessively i-used man, I add a brief account of his career. When about 15 years of age he entered the Austrian army as cadet, served with distinction in the various campaigns against Napoleon, and gradually rose to be a lieutenant-field-narshaL At the beginning of the year 1848 the ex-EmperorFerdinand gave orders tbat all the Hungarian fortresses should be placed under the Hungarian Ministry of War. Field-Marshal Lieutenant Mertz obeyed the instructions received, and surrendered his command to some officer who proved to be hostile to the Austrian Government. For some time the ex-commander, who was no longer in active service, lived in peace and comfort here, but about four years ago he was deprived of his military rank, of h}s numerous orders, and informed that " ithe way of grace " he would be allowed a pension of 3,000fl. The Austrian Generals to their credlt be it said, never failed to use the brotherly "thou" to their disgraced comrade; and some 20 of them as well in as out of uniform, were present at iis funeral. I do not how the harge made against the poor old manhe was 81 years of age when he died-but a.person of very high rank a day or two since related that tlwe d~eesded was declar to bo bi~meleSby all the members of the first military court. The sentence baving been sent to a higher tribunal for revision waa confirmed by a majority. The matter was then g'.ven into the hands of the supreme aulthoritles, who decided that Field-Mar6hal Lieutenant Mertz should be dismised the service and deprived of his orders. The Minister of Justice having resolved to simplify the proceedings in the civil courts of justiee a comnission was not long since appointed and directed to point out any changes which might advantageouslybe made. HisMajesty the Emperor is said to have given orders that the commission should be composed exclusively of " practical men," and the report is probably correct, for not one of the profemors of law has been made a member of the commission. Something unusual is going on at Rome, for the 22 or 24 "Congregations" have been convened, and several foreign cardinas have been summoned to repair to the " eternal city." Some people are of opiion that the Papal Government is about to commence the necessary reforms, but others, being less charitable, say that the Roman Congregations are " plotting mischief." The news of the taldDg of Lucknow is most welcome to the Viennese, who say that it is a very acceptable " Christmas present " (Weihnazchtsgeachen7E). Mendelssohn's oratorio .lias was given in the Burg Theatre yesterday evening, but the audience wras of OpiniOn that the performers " murdered" the reputation of the eminent composer. TURKEY. (Pmo0 OUR OWN ooRnRsPce?aNTr.) CONSTANTINOPLE, DEC. 19. To-day takes place the great feast of reconc4ia-! tion. Redacbid and Thouvenel are to meet at the festive board for the first time since their great feud, which will form an era in Pera gossip, like the great fire or the Sultan's first appearance at the ball. The first link for this reconciliation was M. de Isseps,who was sent with the First Dragoman to be presented to the Grand Vizier, whose existence had been hitherto ignored. Every one must rejoice at the end of such an un- 1 natural position, not to use a stronger term. An Ambassador ignoring the head of the Government of the country to which he is aceredited is a fair specimen of what the system of policy followed at present by the European Powers towards Turkey can produce. It is high time that it should cease, and cease not only as regards Ambassadors and Ministers Plenipotentiary, but likewvse as regarda Consuls, and ViceConsuls, and Consular agents of all kinds and species, for the difference between the former and the latter is only that the frst are In the capital and the others in the provinces. But as Ambassadors seem to think it one of their most legitimate functions to depose Ministries, so the different members of the European Consular body think it their sacred right to depose Pashas from time to time. Of course, the same phenomenon of a great difference of opinion between the Consuls of the different Powers shows itself as between the Ambassadors in the capital. The English Consul, for instance, writes that he has to denounce one of the greatest tyrants and dishonest administrators, who ruins the country oppresses the Christians, ransacks the Jews, and pAiges the Armenans.I The French Consul speaks, on the contrary, of the probity, the enlightened views, the great energy, and wonderful administration of the same Pasha. The dragomans on both sides run off to the Porte and bring forward their case. Of course, it is all assertion on bo;h sides, and nothing more; for if proofs are aaked,they are never found. There are then the assertions very likely of one half of the Consular body on one, and the other half on the other side of the question. As the assertions are always diametrically opposed, what the inference is which the Turkish Government must draw from this requires no explanation. But, whatever thisbe, and whateverbe the opinions of thePorte itself on this subject, comes into no consideration. The Consul writes home as well as to his Ambassador, and his Government send out orders to this latter to act energetically in the case. The bullying begin, until the Turks can stand it no longer, and recall the l:asha. It usually comes to this, but, of course, such a temporary recall for the sake of peace and quiet does not prevent the Government from giving to the Pasha another, probably rather more lucrative, post. I Wonder at only one thing, that the Turks do not contrive to have their correspondence on this subject stolen and published for theedification of people in Europe. It would be their best justification. The roverb says it is difficult to serve two masters; in urkey every hanger-on of an Embassy or Consulate tries to play the master. All their efforts are just sufficient to neutralize each other, and things go on in the old way, and, I repeat it for the hundredth time, it will all along remain so unless this continual petty interference in the minutest details of internal Administration ceases. The Turks must be left to themselves, for as long as the present state of things lasts they can always, and with justice, disclaim ZlI responsibility; but if there is an end to this unreasonable meddling, then the pretext must fall away too. Two years have almost passed since the peace, and what has been done which might be shown as a proof of an advance? A number of regulations were made which have not been carried out, a number of schemes projected which have never been execut6d, and all the rest of the time was taken up by Diplomatic quarrelling, scowilng, frowning, thundering, smiling, fawning, and so on. It is tolerably clear to every one by this time that cordial co-operation between the great and small representatives of the different Powers, however fine in theory, is all impossibility in practice; on the other hand, to every one who will open his eyes it will become not lees evident that all these interferences, hostile to each other, neutralize each other, and neither of them obtains anything but a desultory result. Would it, then, not seem to be in the interest of all to be a little more moderate in their interference? For instance, an agreement could be come to that once a month-say, the time of full moon-should be sacred to the advioe of the foreign representatives, and all the Turkish officials should be compelled to listen to their divers projects and schemes; &bother day, suppose new moon, should be the day for the display of energy, and on it they should be alloved to growl and thunder according to their hear' content; a third day might be fixed for the display of their diplomatic capabilities on which they could apply all manner of deep designs and cunning devices the whole day long. Thus they would be able to satisfy once a-month their diplomatic desires; they would leave 27 days to the Tvrks, and they would exercise the sam-e influence which they do now-that is, an imaginary one. SARDINIA. (PROM ouJ OWN oosRrAroiIxXT.) TURIN, DEC. 25. The Chamber of Deputies did not sit yesterday, having broken up for the Christmas holydays. It will not assemble again until the 29th inst. On Wednesday occurred the first division, par appel nomincZ (by calling over the names), that hat taken place this session. It was on a matter of no great importance-namely, whether the inquiry ordered into two elections should take place at once, or after the conclusion of the verification of the powers. The former would have been the most reasonable course to adopt, since the longer the inquiry is postponed the longer do the colleges in question remain unrepresented in the Chamber; but, unluckily the Right supported that I course, and therefore the Liberals opposed It. Party spirit was roused, the Liberals were perhaps a little impatient to try their strength, and, on a division, they beat their opponents by 82 against 59. It was a useless and unprofitable triumph. Those Ministers who were present abstained from voting, as they would not make it a Cabinet question, and very probably they thought their friends in the wrong. In the course of the debate Signor Brofferio exhorted the Government to abandon what he styled an uncertain and oscillating policy, and to enter resolutely upon the path of progress, in which case he declared that he and the whole of the Left would rally round the Ministerial flag. Signor Rattazzi replied that, when the Chamber should be constituted, the Government would declare its intentions and its policy, There have been reports of the resignation of the Minister of the Interior, but they are premature, to say the least. It is generally expected, however, that the Cabinet will undergo a modification, but this will not be until the new elections are over. It is confidently believed that a considerable number of t seats will be vacated upon scrutiny. A death hba already occurred in the Chamber-that of the old Mrquis Massimno, a member of the Right. Of the earthquake in the kingdom of Naples you will have had partlcul*j airet. A, letterof the 18th saya':- - Lst igh, at sever minaute pat 10, there occurred a severe azhic of aan eattiuaoe, repeaw with gesr e ioe lcnoo at * qiirtr past 3.0. Prom one jnd. of the capital to the other the tmor was generad A gret portion of the population rusnhd out of theLr houes, and horror and alArm prevailoed In various peiAs were throngs of people weep-, lag, screaming. praying, ad calling uPon .sints. The squares, in partlculr, were cowded, and after a time they were filed with caerage, the oocupants of which thus pased' the night, for fear of a worse sBock coming. Beyoud the' general oonsternation there areno diasters tolaiaent, butwe' are In 'great apprehension about Clbria, habitually affllted by this cone." A letter of the 22d from Milan says that the Silk Bank does not flourish. Besides that it is not easy to get ogether six millions, even if they are got together they will be a drop of water in the desert for the present need. The writer says exactly what I wrote to you a few days ag6 with respect to the inutility of the Discoant Bank as at present constituted and limited he announces the failure ofi Rosina, a large silk merchant. The cormmercial dxstreEa continued great;. Owing to the crisis and to the scarcity of money the boxes at the theatre are at a discount. There was an eveningparty at the Court, upwards of 500 persons were invited, but only 250 gentlemen attended, and of ladies only 35, inclnding those of the Court, German ladles, and the wives of employ&s. l-otwithstanding the great preoccupation of the financial criss, the King of Piedmont's speech baa been much talked about. It is well worthy of at- tention, and wil certainly have an influence in di-. concerting the basis of operations of the retrogrades. It is difficult, while one declares that he acts in the interest of the dynasty, to play the Absolutist in spite of the King himself. A sad and myerious incident hs occurrel The wail-known2 Count George Brembati, of Berga2na, was comcing out of a house the other evening, when he received a blow which, knocked his hat over his eyes, and a stab in the neck, which, however, is not a severe wound; finally, a blow in the aide from an iron-shod stick, which has brought on bloodipitting. His assailant escaped, and made no attempt at robbery. The Count was bled thrice on the SOth Inst., and in the evening he was worse. Some arresta have been made. A Court circular snmnons all the nobility, preBented or not presented, to pay their respects at the Palace on the first day of the year. Those who cannot go are to write to the grand Majordomo. This is a novelty in Court uages. It is also propoed to appoint a master of the ceremonies, because it appears thet everything in the way of etiquette is getting into confusion.
iLIUTARY AND NAVAL INTELLIGaNGo. The relnforoement which have boen for some time under orders to embark for India left Chathan garrison yesterday morning and prooeeded to Gravsend, where they embarked on boad the aamanca for Bombay and Kurrachee. As there wAs an alteration In the numbers and detachments ordered for embarcation, we now give a complete list of the officers and troops who prooeeded from Chatham yeserday: -18th Royal IrI, Ileutenant E. L Dillon and 116 nonconmidoned offcers and men; 51st Light Infantry,Enign E M. Crowe and 73 men of all ranks; 72d Highlanders, 24 men; 83d Reglinent 12 men; 86th Regiment, Captain J. Boyd and 23 non-oomLmisdoned offier and privates; 98th Regiment, 6 rank and file. Staff Asistnt-Sargeon A RI Kilroy, from Fort Pltt Hospital, embarked in medical charge of the reinforcements. The serew steamer Jason bas been chartered for the conveyance to India of 1,000 troops, making the saventh vessel of the European and Amerlcan Company's fleet now engagd in this service. She wIll leave Southampton about Monday next for Gravesend, where the troops ae to embark. The Jason is a sister ship to the Golden Mleece, wbich made such a splendid run out to Calcutta, and landed her troops without a single case of aickness having occurred among them during the -voyage; as also did the Iady Joceln, another of tbe company's steamerm MILITA. On Saturday morning an order from the Horse Guards was read to the regiment of Louth Rifles at Aldershott, requesting General Knollys to acquaint Lieutenant-Colonel Slr J. S. Robinson, Bait., in command of the regiment, that Nbe Commander-in-Chief had been much gratified at receiving from the General Commanding in Ireland an account of the very orderly And soldierlike emberecaton of that regiment for England when it left Dundalk. Ac. cording to the terms of the order in question, "the cleenli neo and sobriety of the men, as well as their soldierlike appearanoe, reflect credit on the commaanding offloer, the offioers, and the regiment in geteraL"
POLIOJ. MANfON-Izous-The LORD MAYoR requested that the pres would acknowledCe his receipt of half a 54-baniknot from"LP.PG." the hal*teof two 6C.-bnk.notes from F. V. L," endthe second hlf of a 1.-bank-noto from "B. N.," for the poor-box. Gus rrArL.-Thomas Emeson, a builder, crryling on business at 48, Miltonstre, t ppeared upon a summons before Aldermen m a Alderman WILSON, in patty session, to answer a charge of stealing g the property of the Great Central Gas Conatnerae Company. Mr. James Wild, chief clerk to the Great Centra Ga Consumers' Company ad they a supplied the prisner with gas from the n8th of Novmeber, 1853, until the 20th of February, 1857, when the supply was cut ol in consequenoe of non-ypment of the company's account, and the meter was ten dowin. Mr. Samuel Pontifex, the chief inspeotor of the comaNy, Eaid the premises occupied by the prisoner at 48, itonstreet, cnsited of a dwelllng-house, workshop, stable, and -yard, and on the even gof undlAy week last he examined the service°pipe oomrmunicating with the compans main, I and found that the cap whlch topped the supply had been removed, and a fresh oosnexion-pipe attached, so as to carry the gas Into the premie There were two burners In the drawiig room, one in the kitohen, and one in the bed-room on the first floor, one in the yard, one in the sable and two In the workshop, all of which were fully supplied with gas from the company's nain, and four of them were burning. There was ro gas laid on by any other company. After further evidence had been glven which fully proved the case, Alderman C&xrM said, the prisoner was charged with stealln; gas, theproperty of the cmpay prosecting, and asked him if beplieaded "Gui co -No Gluilty,"adnd if he preferred being ent for trialbefore a jury to being dealt with summar before the magistrates? The prisoner pleaded " Guilty," and sid he would rather leave the case inthe hands of the maistrate. He further Ateted in mitigation of punIshment that he hid lately been a bankrupt, and it was in oonsequen f the plug being so loosely screwed in the pipe tht he was temped to ue the gas in order to have a Ilttle light to settlehs alirs, and not with any intention to rob the company. Alderman CAXTZR said, It was a gross fraud upon the t rb Pontifex said, the company did not ek to recover e penaltiee, becase the amount would be something enorri8ncus, ander they d flxherefore proceeded against the prione unerthePolceAct. They ha no desie to pressc the charge heavily ulponthe prisoner, but they felt it their duty to their shreholders to brng this case under the magicrate's notice, to protect them from this Idnd of robbery. The prier wa committed to prison for onemonth, with hard lal,our. Mr. Alderman CiBrrT acknowledged with thanks a doaLtion of 104 1Os. to the poor-box from Mr. Boupell, M.P. Bow-sTnxpr.-.Mr. HzjBy hu received a donation of 51. for the poor-boy from - B.. S." The annual donAtion of the Meroerse Oompany, 1I, has been gaso roeived. Aeknowledgments were requet In The Tines. [AXRLDBoroUmi-SR .-The number of cases on the polioe-sheets, considering that SaturdAy was Boxing-day and that Sunday was likely to afford more than its ual proportion, was much ler than hs been known for some year There was grater number of cabmen. tboa customary, and their plea that they had taken an extra drop because It was Cristma was regarded rather as an aggranv tion of the offence than as a reason for mitigation of the punishment. Among the oabmen weree- Edward Streetly, who was seen bythepoloeinPlcadlily, whle drivi long, to tmble off the box and fall under the horse's bIelly. There was a fare inside, Mr. EtDON Infllete a fine of 40g. Thoma Gardner, found drunk and incapable in his own cab, was fined 10k. Thoma Westeott was harged with having driven his cab against a lamppost in Regent-street whUe in a state of intoxication. The poliee shtedthet It wasastonTising the man was not killed and h fre seriotuly linjred& Fined 40s. WoRsHsixpsmxEr.-Mr. James Alfred Harman, a trimming manufacturer in Anchor-str6et, Bethnal-green, was charged on final examintion on suspicion of wilfully setting fire to his house and causing the deaths of three persons Mlr. lewis attended as before for the proseution, and Mr. Sleigh, the barrlster, for the defenoe. Mr. Lewis now called Sarah Earvey, a widow, living in the house directly opposite that of the prisoner, who said, -Between 2 and 3 In the morning of the I9ch Inst. I was awoke by my granddaughter who called out "Firo," and on my going to the window i saw the prisoner's houase in flames. At his second floor window I saw the deceased woman Mm Metcalfe in a shte of dreadful excitement, and who, addresing the prisoner, who was standing In the street without his coat, exclaimed, " Oh,you wretch, fous villa, yotu have been the cause of this; you have done atl, and you know you have." Hecalled outto her to get out at the top of the house, but she replied, " I cannot," and repeated that many times. Sarah Griffiths, last witness grand:iAoghter, gave evidence toyprecsely the same effect; and lispector Wakeford, of the t division, deposed to havinn a oonversation with the prlsoner while the house wssil burning, In which he questioned him upon some statements and allegations the prlsoner had previously made to a oonsable named Androws, tat which he now nearly entirely denied. Anne Finlyson.-I am servat to the prisousr's motherln-law, and at half-pat 10 on the nlght of the fire I went to the prisoner's house, and through the shop; there was no fire there theu, nor in the kItchen. It was a little shop, and had many card boxs on the shelves and counter, and two gas burers. George Cole, fireman in the London Brigade.-I went to the house, and found the lower part In flames. I got into a room from the second floor front window, and there found three corpses, those of a man, woman, and child. The fire had broken out on the shop floor, more at the back than front, the largest body of fire being at the back. There were no combustibles near the gas, nor was the main near there; the plpes are melted. I did not look where they led from or to, nor do I knor that the shop was lined with nannelling. [One of the witnesses deposed that it was so.] The front of the shop was burnt out. Mr. Heny, Atkins, clerk to the London and Liverpool Fire-office, Poultry, said,-On the 10th of March last the prisoner affected a pollcy of insuranoe upon his goods to the amount of 3001. I a not aware that it was a transfer from another ofico, but there as a previous assurance, which was onoelled by this. WQ do not Instruct In this prosemction. Dr. Thomas Christie, of Pembroke-house, Hackney.- I was called in on the 21t inst. to see the bodies of three persons, a man, woman, and chUd. I have sinoe made an examinAtion to asoertain the cause of their deaths, and have no doubt they died from s^uffocation. Mr. Lewis, ulpon this evidence, caLled for thle prisoner's commrittal bUt fr. SlelEh said It was really monstrous to ask that a respectable young man shouid he sent for trial on a charge of murder and arson upon s,uch unsupported testimony as this; and M!tr. HAMLL said, that though from the prisoner's conduct, whether sober or intoxicated at the time, there were Rnple grounds for iniqui ^yt he could not see suoh tangible ficts in the se as oi anduoe a jury to conviot, and he rmust now therefore order the prisoner to be discharged. The magistrates have received the foUowing contributions for the poor-box, the donors of which requested a notice of them in this paper :-IC. E.,"a Si. note; ". J.. H.," per Messrs. Gosling and SharpAe 21.; "F. V. L" two half-notes of Bl. each; anon ens a halfTnote for 6l., No. 72,723 " v P. G.,' a hf t obe for B .; "0. A. .h",U' pound's worth of postage-stsmns; the Grooers' Comnpany, notes to the amount of 2BI.- ' H.S andCo.."a51.note; "JE.H." a Post-office order or Il.; wan Mr. Poupell, ML.P, 10Oi 1Os. C L-Tiiwr..~he following donations have been received for the poor-box-"O0. A. hi." 11. in postage stamps: "J. E." a Post-office order for lI. "F.; V. L."a remrning halves of two 51 notes, and "It. S. and Co.' 5Z. Ir. Baylis, the chief usher of the oourt, was engaged the whole of the past -week in making inquiries into the cases of the poor who have appUed for relief, and providing them with coals, bread, meat, and, in some cases, pecuniary asistnce. SouTmwAsx.-Betay Caston, a fashionably-dressed woman, a native of Hamburg, was brought up for final examination, charged with stealng a valuable diamond ring and a gold ring from the shop of Mr. Chaplin, jeweller in the Arcade leading to the South-Eastern Railway, Londonbridge Terminus. Serjeant Raymond, 22 Bi, said he took her Into custody, and since the last exambinon he had made inquiries about her, but she did not appear to be counected with the gangs of German swindlers now in London. Sarah Ann Fennin, searcher at the station-house, said that she found the gold rin produoed, and Identified by Mr. Roberts, sewed up in he prisoner's dress. She acknowledged taking It from la. Chaplin's shop. The evidenoe was read over to the prisoner by an interpreter, and on being ask:ed wrhether she would be tried by hfr. Bucham or go to the sessions, she preferred the former, and pleaded guilty. Mr. BuxcuAn told her that, aIthoug,h there waeB no proof of her connexion with the gangs ot foreign swindlers and thieves nowr in lLondon, there coul4 be no doubt of her avocation. She had com.e to this oountry to plunder tradespeople, whose shops she visited under the pretence of purchasng something. Instead of doing that she robbed them. As nothing was known of her, he should sentnce her to three months' hard labour at Wandsworth. THAxwRs.-James Thomas Worley, a shoemaker, aged 24 years, residing at No. 92, Fore-street, Cripplegate, ws charged with attempting to oommit self-destruction by swallowing a quantity of oxallo acid. George Ifield, a police-oonstable, No. 158 K, stated that on Saturday evening, at half-pst 8 o'clock, he was called to the prisoner, who was in Bull.lane, Stepney, supprted by a young man, and apparently in great pain. e took a paper from the prisoner's hand, on which were printod the words "oxalic acid-poion" HeP took the prisoner to the surgery of Mr. Orton, In Whie Horme-street. Stpepuy, who eima . an antidote And the prisoner was then remnoved to eedOld-town Workhouse, whore he had since remained under medical treatment. When he firt took the prisoner into custdy le admitted that he had swallowed poison, and said he hoped it wouialdUkl hima. Mr. SRLmm-Who supplied him with thLe poison? Ifeld repihed that ahoy nina'ea of age boughtthe poison of another boy of the same age. Mr. Ssurx-Children deaigin poison! IHow isthat? Edmunid JTohn Cross, a boy aged nine years, Stated that he went y the direction of the prisoner to the shop of Mr. for penyorh f xaicaid.yu e Ah bdoyerdioved hmwthe It.l Mr. L wAtr.rr.-l the bwoy asi ouwati?asfr Wltness-Ies S,anw tl him it ma w'Asd toe sutaitin bes mouxth in small piece and swallow it. George Foetez, a boy about the same age as last wiene~, uad that he aod the polao, and he'sald it wa to finith off boot. EH know the boy Vros before, ad h had some to him with a bad, am lir. Sxrin-Yon had bettor not sel poisons to any one agin. DoSs your maser allow yoix to seU poisns and to prescribe for psrnwith b4arns? Witnem-Not is I knows a, Sir. Mfr. 8sax-Don't youaell n Mr. Hutchins, the master othe boyZter, said he did notallow him to sl medicines of any desiption or to pr!!erl~etforpathctaatau time. (LAughter. t l[r. J3S=CF-A. 4D not 10 ye4ro ofage ought not to be allowed to be In* rhop where there are poisons. ldr. Hntchlns.-It WA r rongin the boy to seU oxalc aci4 or nything H did it early in the morning, beore I came down xti. Mr. S-yxr- h'ope you wiU not allow hkm to soU anying again I the shop. Irepet t Is not safe for him to sell anything whr thereare poisons Mr. Iuthlns-Iwitil teke care nothing of the kind ocoss again. The pdasorer did riot take enough to destroy life. He tobk bot a drc, and he omited diretly, which An old man, the ncle of the prsoner, said the prisoner ,wamarried ou Chritma morX and got intoxicated and very much exccited, aLnd he (the uncle) wras afraid he wsthe cauee ofaltemshef, for he ordered hiu out of Mr. S lMl-Ths Js a & rious state of things. The young man gts Auwzled on Christms morzn, gebt drnrk, and makes An attempt to destroy his life next day Inxpector Allison of the K divison, here sid that the prisonees Wlfe gve lrth to a child on ChrLstmas-day immedatey after the wedding. Mr. BELnF-How &m.I to be atisfied the prisoner will not attempt to commit suicide again if I let him go? The przoner mid he deeply regretted what he had done, and he would not think ot repeating the attempt on. his life. Mr. Sx?n remarked that theprisoner could be committed for tral and everdey pnished for attempting the crlme of self-murder; but in ocyideralton of the p ment he had already undergone is contrition, and h pronie notto renew the attempt, hl would permit 1dm to be discharged Ystday Ir. SEir'z announcd the reoeipt of the following donations for the poorbox fund :-"J. G.," PArtbenon Club, uI. iR. "-w p. a nd Co.." 5L * and "J. I, 1. An acknowledgmnent inIlTnts 2a7soicieLted. Lnzra.-Robert RendalI, a painter, was chaged with violating the peon of Mary Ann Dwoal, a girl of 13 yea of age. The prioner, it appeared, had been sworn in a speca constable for thetbo s of Camberwell during the Chartist riot., and since that time bhi mind has been unaettled, and be has been frequenty brought to this court on various charges Ononeoosonhewsebarged'with multinga respectable married woman, with Intent, mad was eommitted to the House of Correction for six months, and on another with theatning to murder his wife snd children, when he was held to bail for a lengthened period. In the prewnt cm tfe charge wa learly establahed against him, and he -was fully comaitted for tril. Mrs. EHrriett Rad, who was described as reSC ble Mrried woman,' residing at 27, Thormton-aes, W worth.1 was chad with salng a mave gold pi from Mr. Thomas Wallf, a pianoforte-maker, ding at 9 IJnlon-crercent, New Kent-roadL Mr. Wlls aId that o Saturday evening a friend of his and himself met the prioner and another " lady" near the Eephbat and Cale, and tbse proceeded together to a pUbichoe, when they had someting to drink; while in the publichouse and After leaving It the prisoner pressed agiftst him onee or twice, and he at length missed his told pin from his arf. He chared the prisoner with taking t and offered her a crown to retun Ft If she had, but ahe detied it, and heb ltmatty gave her into cuetody. In reply to ihe qsons of a solicitor who attended for the prisoner tetnesw dmitted that he had walked for some distonee with the prioenr before giving her into eustod, and that he hea offered to let her go if she gave him als Phu Mr. r=uow did not consider the evidence silently strong to detn the prisoner, nd without allingon hebr for her defenoe ordered her to be dhgeL A desperate-looking fellow, who has given the rame of George Jones, refusd his address, and merely aid he was . native of Blrmingham, was finly eamined on a chage of comitting a skeleton key robbery and striklng Revell, a constable, and a civilian who ad stoppedhim, with A lifs. Sergeant Broad, of the L diviion, sid he had written to the polloe at Birmingham, hut could not get any aoconnt of the prisoner, nor could ho learn ating of him in town, in consequence of hs withholding his real name and Mr. EiraoTr obeerved that there oould be bat little doubt of the charcter and intention of the prisoner, and commited him to Wandsorth House of Correctiosi for threo months. The following sums for the poor-box wer requested to be acknowledgda. sir. :-Second half of a 5.-.note from " P G. ;" eond hvlf of a 64-notbfrom " J C. and post-office order for 1L. from" S.E"
T.B UN7ITE,L STA T'S (Ba0o3 OIJR 'NEW YOiU CoR±ZSTO,xj-%T.) KEW Y lOM Dre. 15. The break between Senator Douglas and the Administration is now complete. The secona day of the session the Senator made an elaborate speech dissenting from the pro-slavery policy of the Admtinistration, and declaring his old paety ties broken rather than submit to aid in forcing upon the people of, Kansas a constitutiora or institutions hostile to their wishes Thls defection on tho part of one of the hitherto acknowledged leaders of the Deniocracy in the Senate,. who was. the author of the Nebraska Bill, by whose power alone it was carried through, Congress,. and I whose fidelity to Sotuthern views has been hitherto unquestioned, is a remarkable political phenomenon, and calculated to have a great influence npon the next Presidential campaign. His strength in the north-west is as great, if not greater, than that of any other man in the party. It enabled him last year to give the votes of Indiana and Illinois to Mr. Buchanan in spite of the strong feeling in favour of Kansas throughout those States. The Administration prints profess to regard his defection as of little consequence; it is in reality the loss of one of their main elements of strength in the agricultural districts of the north-west. While the politicians on the floor of Congress are quarrelling about the disposition to be made of Kansas, the people of that unhappy region have again taken their own troubles into their owVn keeping. Large meetings have been held of persons opposed to the!,Lecompton Constitution,at which the greatest uinanimity has prevailed. They profess themselves prepared to resist the Lecompton Constitution, and they call upon the Governor to submit to them the Topeka (or Free State) Constitution along with the other. Secretary Stanton, the acting G'overnor, has convened the Legislature for the purpose of some action upon the matter, and has been in consequence removed by the President. Wve get by telegraph this morning intelligence that the Legislature has come together. The acting Governor recommends the passage of an Act appointing new officers to preside over the election to be held on the 21st, and giving to the voters an opportunity of voting against the Constitution if they wish. Meanwhile, however, the troubles are increased, both by the removal of Stanton, and the imprudent, violent course of the leaders of the Free State narty. These gentlemen have assembled a force of 300 or 400 strong in the vicinity of Lecompton, and threaten to drive the pro-slavery party back into Missouri. The President having recognized the validity of the Government formed from Missouri, and having removed Stanton, such a rtep is at once treason and civil war. But the support of the Republicana party and of the Democrats who follow the lead of Mr. Douglas gives a moral strength to the Free State party, which, if they do not commit too great extravagancies, ought to enable them to win in the end. The present state of things in the Territory is more critical than anything yet. There is great danger of bloodshed and violence between now and the new year. While the North and the South are struggling for the possession of Kansass, the remote Territory of Oregon has settled the question of slavery by the adoption of a Constitution excluding slavery, with which it will appear this winter at the bar of Congress, asking admissson to the Union. The advices from Utah are to the 7th of Oetober, and represent the saints as well stirred up. We have the 3Iormon account of Captain Van VIee's visit, of which I sent you the captain's own report a month since. The dignitaries of Church, State, and the press met the captain in Social Hall, where there was a public reception and speech-making. Then " after a time spent in a style of conversation everpleasing to upright andloyal American citizens," they took the delighted officer on " a stroll through the adjacent orchards, vineyard, and garden."' The captain having expressed a desire to see the workings of the "peculiar institution," GovernorYoungshowedhirathe finishing and furnishing of his beehive and lion mansions, from garret to cellar, and introduced him to his numerous family of wives and children. The captain next being asked " whether any of the numerous children indicated idiotey or any degree of mental or physical degeneracy, promptly replied that he could discern nothing of that description." And when the gallant officer left the Happy Valley, he bade them adieu with a prayer that " the angel of Peace should ever extend his wings over Utah." Among other entertainments while there, he was treated to a sermon by Brigham Young, which is printed in the Dieseret Nezs. " I shal treat," he says, " every army and every armed company that attempt to come here as amob." (The congregation responded "Amen.") " You might as welU tell me that you can make hell a powder-house as to tell me that you could let an army in here and have peace, and I intend to teU and show them this if they do not keep away. . . . Before I will suffer what I have in times past there shall not be one building, nor one foot of timber, nor a stick, nor a tree, nor a particle of grass and hay that will burn left in reach of our enetnies. I am sworn, if driven to extremity, to utterly lay waste in the name of Israsra God. . . - As I said this morning, 10 years ago on this ground I stated that we would not ask any odds of our enemies in 10 years from that date, and the next time I thought of it was 1.0 years afterwards to a day ! They are now sending their troops was the news, and it directly occurred to me, 'WVill you ask any odds of them ?' No, in the name of Israel's God we will not, for as soon as we ask odds we get ends-of bayonets. .. I am aware that you waut to know what will be the result of the present movement against Us. AlormonisEn will take an almighty stride into influence and power, while our enemies will sink and becomne wealer and weaker, and be no more, and I know it just as well now as [ shall five yRars hence. The Lord Almighty wants a name and a character, and He will show our enemies that He is God, and that He has set His hand again to gather Israel, and to try our faith and integrity. And He is saying, 'Now, you, my children, dare you take a step to promaote righteousnesq, in direct aud open opposition to the popular feelings of all the wicked in your Government? If you do, I will fight your battles.'" Brother Heber C. Kimball also made an exhortation at the same meeting of greater directness and blasphemy. " Wake up, ye saints of the Most High, and prepare for any emergency that the Lord our God may have pleasure in bringing forth. We never shall leave these valleys till we get ready-no, never, never ! 'We will live here till we go back to Jackson County, MissourL I prophesy that in the name of Israel's God." (The congregation shouted "Amen !" and President Brigham Young said, " It is true.") The IDoesni'L Neme of the 7th of October publishes the resolutions adopted by the Mormon Legisature at its last session, and forwwrded to Mr. Buchanan. They are long and diffLse. The pith is that they " wil resist any attempt of 4Rovernment officials to seu at nought the territcrial laws, or to imipose tupon them those which are inapplicable and of right not ia force in this Territory." From these signs it is not unreasuonable to euppose that M1r, Buchanan will have employnient enough(. for his force next summer -without stirring up cival war in Kansas. Sir WVilliam Gore- Ouseley has taken a house in Washington, and proposes to spend the winter there. Wh'ij ±aeDiplomatists are dining at Wa-hington the Vili'bueter Walker has succeeded in landing with a few men atPuntaArenas, and in once more on Nicaraguan soil. Aprolps of this the Ncw York XEvc)ing Pos of the l4th.says "It is well understood here that the money whioh equipped and marshalled the Costa Rioans against Walker, and finally drove him out of the country, came from Wall. street, and here we may mention a fact whioh has never before transpired. Garrison, who was in charge of the interests of the Nicaraguan Steamship Company in California, had favoured Walker's expedition from the begin1ig. Free pasges were granted in many instanoes to Nicaraguans, and no obstacles plaoed in the way of emigration from California. An agent, Mr. -McDonald, was despatched to the Isthmus, by Garrison, to look after his interests, whUe a person familiarly known as Captain Jack. Scott looked after the interests of Vanderbilt and Morgan. Shortly after McDonald's arrival, Walke's men having been fighting some time with no pay but promises, Walker was tempted to lay his hands, not soft£, upon a specie froight on its way through Nicaragna to the United States. On the arrival of one of the California steamera Walker presented a dr%ught to MoeDonald for the modest sum of $20,000. McDonald hesitated. Captain Jack Soott refused, but Walker seized the treasure. -MoDonald not being able to help himself honoured the draught (Walker having the monoy). The muoney was a portion of the Bhip. ment from the house of Palmer, Cook and Co. to their agents here The nmount wvas3 made good here by Alor, and the trausaotion was never muade publio, for obvious reasons. They would have betrayed the ooauplicity of the stesamship interests in the Walker movement." The banks of Neow York resetued specio paynelt on Saturday last, and their exauple hms since beea followed at different points throughout the countr.y. In a few days the resumption wiUl probably be general. During the susepenS.ion there has been a greater accumulation of specie in the vaults than ever before known in Now York. lNotwithstMutlilng the heavy shipments to Europo last week, the weekly returns show over $2,(000,000. The arrival of the Star of the West with $2,200,000 will probably carry up that amount to-day to over $28,000,000, being about $10,000,000 more than the banks usually have at thiq time of the year, wvhen the cotton is coming forward.
BURYING OF THK SARAH SANDS SCREW TRANSPORT STEAMER, We regret to announce that a fearful catastrophe by fire has happened to the Sarah Sands transport steamer on her psge to India from Portsmouth with the head-quarters and a large portion of the men of the 54th Regiment on board, whose preservation and that of the crew may be fairly considered one o f the most marvellous on record, as may bo inferred from the fact that the ship vas burning furiously in a heavy gale of wind 16 hours, the whole of her after part being burn t out to a shelL The Sarah Sands was an iron ship, upwards of 2,000 tons burden, and was formerly employed in running from Liverpool to America. She was chartered by the Eas India Company for the conveyance of troops to India, and on the 26th of last August she let' Portsmouth for Calcatta, under the command of Captain J. S. Castle, with a portion of the 54th Regiment on board, comprising Lieutenant. Colonel Moffatt, Captains Brett, Thomson, and -Gillum; Lieutenants Galbraith, Hughes, and Crowpe; Ensign Wood; Lieutenant snd Adjutant Houston, Surgeon Grent, Assistant-Surgeon Donovan, Quartermaster Hipkin, Paymaster Daniel, 21 sergeants, 15 corpora2l, 11 drumnuers, 306 rank and file, 8 women, 7 children, and a namboer of ladies, relatives of the offlicers. The voyage appears to havebeenffavourable until thelUthof November, when the ship had reached lat, 14 S., long. 56 B. (upwards of 400 miles from the Mauritius). About 3 o'clock in the afternoon of that day the troops berthed on the afte. orlop deck noticed a smell of burning, which apparently proceeded from beneath them in the hold. It rapidly increasing the alarm was given to Captain Castle -who at once ordered the after-hold to be examined, and, to the astonishment and horror of all, the cargo stowed there proved to be on fire. It is stated that the bulk of the cargo there consisted of Government stores. Bale after bale was hauled up in the hope of getting at the seat of the fire; but In a short time the smoke became so dense as to defy any of the crew getting further into the hold. There was no confusion, however; every order was obeyed by the men 'with coolness and courage. The course of the ship was stopped. Colonel Moffatt was seen in earnest consultation with Captain Castle deciding upon iessures for suppressing the flames, while the crew were actively employed in taking all sail in and bringing the ship betore the wind. Others ran out lengths of hose from the fire-engines, which were pwased down to hands below, while hoso was also put on to the donkey-engine. It soon becamoe apparent that all these exertions failed in checking the progress of the fire. Colonel Moffatt, at the suggestion of the commander, directed his meu ro at once cast overboard all their ammunition, and in a short time they succeeded in clearing out the starboard magazine. The remainder of the powder in the port magazine, however, excited great apprehensions. Already had the after part of the ship become almost unapproachable from the dense smoke and heat which filled every portion of it. The colonel appealed to his men for volunteers to attempt to rescue the contents of the magazine now so threatened. Several brave fellows instantly came forward and heroically succeeded in reaching the magazine and clearing It with the exception, it is supposed, of one or two barrels. It was a truly hazardous work, several nearly lost their lives, they became overpowered with the smoke and heat and fell, and when hauled up by ropes to the deck they were senseless. The flames soon afterwards burnt up through the deck, and running along the various cabins speedily set the whole on fire. There was a heavy gale blowing at the time, and Captain Castle, perceiving the critical position of the ship, at once took measures ror the safe lowering of the boats. They were lauiched without the least accident, the troops were mustored on deck, there was no rush to the boats, and the men obeyed the word of command with as much order as on parade. Colonel Aloffatt informed them that Captain Castle did not despair of saving the ship, but for their own preservation it had been deemned advisable to keep the boats off so as to act in case of emergency. The ladles, women, and children were lowered Into the port life-boat, tard she was directed to stand off until further orders. Al. hands then turned to constructing rafts of spare spars. In a short time three were put together, which would have been capable of saving a large portion of those on board. Captain Castle succeeded in launching two overboard, and the third was left across the deck, to be lowered at a moment's notice. In the meanwhile the flames had made terrible progress; the whole of the cabins, saloon, &c., were one body of fire, and about 9 o'clock the flames burst through the upper deck and ignited the mizen rigging. Through the forethought of Captain Castle in bringing the ship to the wind the fire and smoke were swept sternways, but serious anxiety was felt lest the ship should pay off, and so render her destraction iuevitable. Daring this fearful suspense. a dreadful explosion took place, no doubt arising from one or two barrels left in the port magazine, which blew out the port quarter. The ship from the main rigging to her stern was in one general body of fir Captain Castle still had hope, although he expressed his fears to the commanding officer of the troops that the ship would be lost. Providentially the bulkhead of the after part of the ship withstood the action of the flames. Here all efforts were concentrated to keep it cool. Party after party of the troops volunteered for the work, and so endeavoured to prevent the fire making its way forward. For hours did this state of affairs continue. Although the men kept the fire at bay below It gained the main rigging.' Mr. Welch, the chief officer, with several of the soldiers, at once went aloft with wet blankets, and after considerable peril and risk succeeded irn extinguisbing the flames. As it was, however, some of the yards were destroyed. Towards 2 o'olock the followiog morning the men had the satisfaction of seein" the fire dimninishing. The flames were gradually beaten tack, and by daylight were entirely extinguished. It was not till then that the fearful havoc made by the fire was clearly ascertained. The after part of the ship was burnt out-merely its sholl remaining, and now another fate threatened her. The gale still prevailed and the ship was roling and pitching in a heavy sea, constantly shipoing water at the port quarter, which had been blown ont by the explosion. She had 15 feet of water in her hold, and active steps were necessary to prevent her foundering. All the men were set to the pumps and baling water out of the hold. Captain Castle,. fearing the tern would fall out, got two hawEers under the bottom and made them taut. The next difficulty was to stop the water which was pouring in through the quarter. Spare sails and blankets were placed over the opening and the leak was partiallystopped. 'There was no abateme't in the gale during the morning, and in avery heave of the ship the water tanks in the hold which had got loose were dased from one side to the other. Thestate of the ship and the continued severity of the weather rendered the constant working of the pumps and the baling imperative. It was not till 2 o'clock in the afternoon that the boats containing the woruen and children could be got alongside. They were got on board, and the other boats, whieh had been ordered off during the raging of the fire, returned with the excetIon of the gig, which had been swamped during the night; the officer in charge of her, however, Mr. Wood, and the hands were picked up by another boat. Duiring the remainder of the day, the following night, and succeeding day, the whole of the hands and troops were engaged working tho pumps and clearing the ship of the water. By the evening of ute 13ch the crew succeeded in securing the stern aid getting steerage-way on the ship. She had then drifted as as far as longitude 13-12 south. Captain Castle then set aU sail and bore up in the hope of matigg Manritits, and to the joy of all on board vade thabtport ineight days, where her arval and marvellous escape excited considerable rsnsation. The ooffcers in com manA of the troops speak in the highes terms of the conduct of C.ptain Castle urig the tyng occasion. By she latest arrivals the heaA-qPpmrteQr and Tien of the .4th Regi'nent continued at the MasuXitius, aw..ising the arival of a ship to take them on to theb' destinatiou, I T'Ce Sarah Sands wa3 heavily insaredst Lloyd'i.
SUNDAY EVENING SERVICES hV WESTMILVSIBR ABBBY. A memorial having been recently addreseed by a few lay members of the Church to the Dean and hapter of WVeXtmlnster relative to the proposed opening'of thie Abbey for Sunday evening Eer vices, the subjoined reply, which has been received from the Dean, has been forwarded to a contemporary for publication_ " Deanery, Westmnlster, Dec. 41. "My dear - ,-I received the memorial with which you favoured me yesterday, and as a meeting of Chapter was just about to bobeld, mainly with a view of consideriag the very subject on which the memorial turned, I lost no time in laying it btfoxe that body. "It Is very pleasant to us to pt bthe step whioh we asrI aboutto take In connexion with a comaunoiation from members of our church whom we hononr eo highly; Rad, knowing the deep interest whioh yourselves anEd others of her most attached lay members have taken in the subject, I am sure you wll leurn with pleasure that we have resolved to make the experiment of oponing the Abbey for Sunday evenlDg servioe for six months, beginnivg wlih tha first Snuday of the new year; and should this step produea aJl or nearly all the good resulta whioh its more ardent promoters antiolpate, there is no need, and little likelIhood, that It wil reuaiu an experiment. "W e have deased, howevw, to put it npon this fooling, becaause we oannot bat feel that there ar some diffioulties needing to be overo=ue, anti inconventences to be qverted, whioh havo not always been taken Into %oooun by thowe who, iP thb natare of things, must ba less familiarly acqualnted with thess t',&n we are. " Thus, when this very lueatlon of mwking the Abbey sn ore avallable for tho grat Christlan ordinaino of lpro4ighlag (lod's Word t the paople' was toxumally qOIIEldo(at by tho Chapter in the sumamnar of this year, it was then deter iulned that the Abbey should ba opaned for a Sunday even. log servio durtlug the saummer moathc of Aext seAr, and the reolutiou would have bean aurred into effoct qiite irrespoetive of any of tha eveuts whioh have hinoo hap. peaed, and whicb have now led us to begin this vorli ia mid winter. Btt we then felt-, aud wo still feel thAt, it nunubos comne together as large as soumo atlolpato, inooleveniences may arise from the gathering of these masses at night in the Abboy, whiles at the same timne, we ar exposed to possible danger from quite another quarter, for we cannot be sure that the great cold ot the winter may not Interfere seriously with tho work and give an air of failure to it, which it would not have worn had we begun our services at a later and more genial season of the year. But, having said this much, let me add that, now this course is determined on, no exertions shall be wanting on our part, by all prudent arrangements, to avert these possible dangers. " But let me say further, as explaining the hesitatioa which wo have felt In complyinR with the known wishes of many among our best friends, that there are already seven churches in Westminster proper open for evening service every Sunday in the year; in 'act, every church in the parishes of St. Margaret's and St. John's. The Chapter have always felt that they were best meeting the spiritual needs of this neighbourhood by assisting and setting forward the multiplication of these, and during the lamt 27 years (I may spsak the more freely of this as having my. self had no share in It) they have contributed the sum of 23,381. toward churches, schoos and parsonages in there parishes. They would now cettainly see with regret any lrge portion of the Sunday evening congregation in the Abbey drawn bytthcattractions of novelty, by a great varlety of preachers, or by any other cause, from the ordinary ministrations of their parish churches to assemble there; and would count it but little gain If, instead of gathering in many who were hitherto strangers to the services of the church, they should be merely inducing churchgoers to exchange one church for another. "While I am thus recounting the reasons for hesitation which have influenced us hitherto, I must not leave out of sight that the fact of an additional service will prove a severe strain on the whole body of functionaries (I speak not of ourselves) engaged in the abbey. There are already three services on Sunday, as on every day. On Sanday, the early Communion, a morning service, and an afternoon, to which when a fourth is added, many of them will be engaged, with the very briefest intermission, for 13 hours in the day; while the work is so speclal that it is nearly impossible to put others in part in their room. "1 Let me lastly mention thab, after full deliberation, we have determined to hold these services in the nave-yet not because, as so many take for granted, more room is there to b1x found than in the choir and the transepts. On the contrary, these will contain-and continuaUy do contain, both on the Sunday morning and afternoon-more than 2,000 worshippers, which Is considerably naore than the nave will accommodate. Still, the nave possesses advantages in bringing thewhole congregation more together-more under the eye of the preacher-above all, In offering no preference seats, but all equal for all, and equally open to all, which has seemed to us too great to forego. "It is our earnest desire and prayer that God may prosper this work to the fufWllng of the lrgesb expectations of those who hope from it the most. We are already ad. dressing ourselves heartily to the carying out of the necessary arrangements. Believe me, my dear -, very faithfully yours, " R. C. TRIENCIa.
LIFEBOATS AND HARBOURS OF REFUGE O, THE COAST O SCOTLAND. TO THE EDITOIR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Much has been said and written about the necessity of establishing harbours of refuge and lifeboats for the fishermen of Scotlaad, and lately, mnore especiaUy, in reference to the appalling loss of life in the storm of November 23. I would wish, however, to draw the attentior -f your xeaders to the fact that in some of the accounts of that aisaster which appeared in the papers there was a fact stated regarding one of the fishing vlllages, in the midst of those which suffered so severely-viz., that all its men and boats escaped the destruction which overwhelmed so many of their neighbours, and this by a much simpler, less costly. and more effective mode than that pioposed-viz,, by th fishermen possessing, or having access to the use of, and being guided by, the indications of the barometer. I believe that were every fishing village and every seaport provided with a barometer in a pablic situation, and easily accessible, and if some instruction were given in a popular form to those most interested in its nse, it would be the means of saving annually many more lives and much more property than the most numerous and costly harbours of refuge or lifeboats. I am, Sir, yours faithfullv. W. C. TREVELYAN. Athenmeum, Dec. 23.
AD.M1RAL BEAuFoRT.-FranCiS Beaufort ought not to pass from among us with an ordinary obitaary announcement. Fev men have lived so long in public service, have done so mnch. or have contributed so largely to modify and develope the progress of their country. He entered the navy in 1787, and il his 70 years of service he did the work of several men. In the wars he was distinguished by his daring and skill, and figured in many an imamortal action. He served in all climes-in Europe, Asia, Africa, and America. It was on a survey in Asia Minor,in 1812, that a shot from a fanatical Turk nearly cut short that valuablo life, for the wound was at first thought to be mortaL Bat while he was using his head and arms as a fighting officer it will be seen how he used his eyes as a scientific man, and how afterwards he used the knowledge and enterprise thuLs cultivated for the beoefit even of the humblest and most peaceful of his countrymen. A valued correspondent, who has challenged our attention to Admiral Beaufort's career, takes up the account when he joined the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge, soon after its formation in 1826 :-" It was ho who suggested the publication of cheap maps, justly stating that before the society began its labours some cheap books were published, but the world had never yet seen cheap maps, the lowest price for the smallest new map being half-a-crown. He proposed to publish maps of the size now so familiar to everybody in the society's atlas at Gd. each. We were aU startled at this proposal and the majority were for charging Is. But the blunt old scamana said, ' Gentlemen, I'll tell you what; if you will consent to 6id. I wiiU superintend the construction of the maps myself, and they shall have the benefit of all the surveys at the Admiralty. If, however, you are determined to charge Is. I will have nothing co do with the undertaking.' To lose the services of the hydrographer to the Admiralty, and of such a hydrographer, could not be thought of; and we yielded at once-very much, as we had afterwards reason to believe, to the pecuniary benefit of our fands, as weU as to the far more complete accom. plishinent of our object in the diffusion of knowledge. U7nder Admiral Beanufort the maps attained a high degree of excellence and a corresponding degree of reputation. As charts they were, and no doubt are, very much prized. I have been informed that, according to a standing order ia the navy of the United States, no Government vessel sails without a copy. I have had occasion to know, too, that in many instances their delineation of the interior of countries little frequnented by Europeans Ss surprisingly accurate. Sir Charles E~ellowes once informed me that while travelling in parts of Asia Minor, in whicb, so far as ho knew, an huro. pean traveller had not been seen for a hundred years, he was quite astonished at the correctness of the geographical details as laid down in our map."-Spectator. GRPEAT WESTERtN ASD SOUT -WESTERN RAIL-WAyS COMPErITION.-We have been given to understand that the cbmpetStSon between these comuanics for the Weymouth traffic, including, of course, that of the Obannel Islandg, results in a loss to the latter company of sonsetbing like 200!. a-week, or at the rate of 10,0Q0J. a-vear, and Cl the foraier cnmpvny of 400!. a-week, or It the raMe of 20,000. a-yezr- Rmve the com?panies no matual friends who can step jn between them and put an enld t ogPstly a mme ?-Hercrpasth.
CRYSTAL PALACE. The first of the series of holyday Christmas f4es, which are to continue during the present week, was given yeaterday at Norwood with the most thorough and genuine succe, as far *s the people were concerned, and Smid thoe most noisy demonstrations of popular ;atisfaction and enthusiasm. It was a regular Christmas revel for the measss, hearty and uirestrained-almost too unrestrained, perhaps but whichM, nevertheless, seemed to be relished with infinite gusto by at least some 14,000 visitors, without an intermission of one dull moment fromn beginuing to end. A good deal, of course, took pl*co which waA not exactly in direct accordancoe with. the high art principles and all the rest of it which the Crystal Palace was bullt to cherish; but, although, no doubt, the cultivation of a propertaate for art sight have been one of the objectswhich the shareholders had in view, it was certainly velysubordinateto the chief object of all-that of making the building pay. If inculcating mere artistio principleo is not aufleoient to yield theum a fine revenue, why then other attractions in iist be resorted to. Fortunately, they can eaesily be found without at all overatepping the ztrict limits in whichl amusenlents on iuch a large scale aa those at the Crystal Palace shouldalways be conf6ned. Yesterday proved part of this, It At least showed that the attrections necessary to bring thousands to the builfling were very aimple and withtin easy reach, and the amtne experlanoe also demonstrated as clearly what shouild not be permitted if the olaracter Uf the building for the propriety and orderly natiure of iti atmuse- itd idt n to ra4intMied in the saine integrity Almnost Inmmediately after the building was opened the vsiatora began to arrive, and from that tiaie ti]l east niid-day the crowded trains contintued to set sowvn fresh loads, utntil in all some 14,000 persons were assembled In the building. The interior of the Nalace wafs decorated with eonaiderablo tahte and s4ill, with garlanda of evergreens hIng acroas the nave from1 column to oolumtn in graceful festoona. Coloured banners, too, emblazoned with all sorts of Clhristmias mottoes and devices, werehungabout, and in the centre transept rose the Ohristmar tree, astately pino, covored with suoha profusion of many-coloured toys and bonbons as never before was seen on any tree, whether at Christmas or Midsummer. Ia the middle of the Handel orchestra was fixed a colossal cartoon of an ordinary playing card-the Queen of Hearts-which we need scarcely say was in features made a portrait of Her Gracious Majesty, while a huge head of Grimaldi, in coloured chalks, graced the screen which enclosed the end of the building devoted to the tropical plants. In addition to these artistic decorations there were swings and roundabouts, with targets and percussion guns for the children- and though last, not least, the great leviathan plumcake on a grand pediment, and weighing some 4 owt., and which, in spite of its ill-omened name, has proved a very marvel of confectionery, reflectinr honour even upon the cuisine of Messrs. Staples. TThese, with such other aids as a balet corps, an excellent band, an unfathomable magician, and a 1 oyal Punch and Judy, in which the domestic i'regtuarities, broad humour, and truculent fancies o f Mr. Tinch are p3aced in the most courtly light formed the attractions which the people commenced to enjoy the moment they entered the place. The performances of Mr. Frampton's ballet corps were received with unmixed applause,' and the wizard commenced his magic soon after. To witness these the visitors thronged the centre transept, and crowded the Handel orcbestra from top to bottom in one dense mass, like a mountain of people, producing a most curious effect. They sat and listened to the magician's explanation, with the most breathless eagerness, and amid a silence that was almost solemn until the pause was broken and the building almost vibrated under a spontaneous hearty burst of laughter from some 15,000 voices. The Punch and Judy was so uncommonly attrac'ive that the little folks for whom it was expressly designed saw almost none of it among the crowd of adult lookers-on. IThe Sir Roger de Coverley and general dancing continued for about an hour. Of this terpsichorean effort on the part of a mass of visitors-half of whom evidently never danced a step before, and all of whom were disqualified to dance at all by the general efforts of everybody else to do so-we shaU say little. Its most immediate result was a dense cloud of dust, in which, to judge from the hot and breathless couples that frequently emerged, some very violent and exhausting efforts must have been going forward. Nevertheless, this dancing was regarded with unmixed satisfaction, and the band were repeatedly caUed upon to resume the airs, to which the people evidently believed they were keeping step in admirable time. A large bunch of mistletoe wasmost injudiciously suspended to a holly bough in the centre transept, and advantage was soon taken of the presence of this mystic branch to drag women and girls under it, and extort from them, wiUingly or not, the penalty which the season and plant impose. In the majority of cases this was a fertile source of laughter, but in some instances it led to scenes of most unseemly romping, and even once to a downright breach of the peace and regular fight, itt consequence of the husbands or brothers interfering with more effect than gentleness to rescue their female friends from such an unawarrantable infliction. We should recommend that this vegetable stimulant to disorder be removed forthwith. With this trifling exception, whicb, indeed, would scarcely be worth mentioning but that drawing attention to it may prevent its recurrence, the whole fete passed off with the utmost success and good order, and, was, indeed, one of the best Christmas entertainments which the Londoners have had for sonic years past.
" AMORTARS AND MORTARS." TO THE EDITOR OF TEIE TIDIES. S}r,-I was unavoidably prevented from seeing your ediuion of Monday, the 21st inst., and consequently your eupon "Mortars and Mortars," tiUl to-day. I trust you wnll, with your acknowledged appreciation of justice, permit the foUowing facts to appear in equal justice to Mr. Krnpp and his cast-steel guns, as from the manner in which You mention the failure of " Krupp's" cast-steel it would lead to a very erroneous opinion, and be of great injury to that genUleman if not corrected, and one that has since been completely contradicted by a series of excellent experiments carried out by the French anad other continental Govern. inents to test the value of lt1r. Kzupp's cast-steel, particu. larly as applied to rifle ordnance. I presume that you arUsde, when mentioning the failure of Knapp's cast-steel, to the 68-pounder combised gun, burst at Woolwich, Nov. 19, 1855. The facts of this occurrence, which wiUl spealc for themselves, aro as foUows :-The gun was a combined one-that is, a cast-steel barrel, sarrounded at the breech up to about the second reinforce with a martel of cast-iron. The charge employed at the proof was an elongated cast-iron shot, weighing 259 lbs., oneeighth of an Inch wad, and 25 potnds of powder. I'he shot was tarned down at the breech end to about a-quarter of an inch all round, and awrou-ht-iron expanding ring fitted on. The result of this wvas tiat when the powder was esploded the ring was driven forward, owring to the great weight of the shot. The ring was broken and forced along the shob, cuttingitcotrpletelyround totheextent of about6in. Thepiecesthus cat off, to&etherwith the broken ring, formed so many wedges to the shot, and prevented its being thrown from the gun, and consequently the piece must hurst. Now, when this cast-steel gun was submitted to the Ordnance at Mr. Kn-app's own expense, it was understood that it was to bave been proved in the ordinary way-viz., with round shot, and had this been adhered to the destruction of the piece would have been preveated. This fact is borne out by the circamstance that a gun (60-ponnder) of precisely similar construction has been since made by Mr. Knupp for the Russian Government, and has succeeded. The dimensions of the piece burst at Woolwich were never calculated for such a weight of shot, and it was against aU knowledge upon the p art of Mr. Xrupp that such a weight and class of ahot would. have been used; and i' was entirely in violation of all laws of mechanical construction to fire from a gun the dimnensions of which were calculated for a 6S-pounder a shot weighing 2591b., and, moreover, an expandinag shot. i Since the bursting of this piece MIr. Krtpp has manufa^tured guns and morWts for the f olowing arsenals :-Prussla, Russia, Wnrtemberg, Switzerland, Egypt, and France, and wvith great success. Two 12-pnunder howitzers were tried in July last at Vincennes, and had from each of them fired S,000 rounds with the usual service charges, and wIthout exhibiting in the chamber or bore the slightest trace of irF ry,themarks of the boring, too, not being even defaced. One of the guns was then subjected to the following firing: 20 rounds with 61b. Ooz. of powder and 2 bAls 10 ,, ,, 3 , 5 ,I 131b. 6ez. ,, Here the proceedings were stopped, not vwishing to burst so excellent a piece. This bursting of the 68-pounder gun at Wooltvich which bas drawn from you the remark that " Krupp's cast-steer" has failed is the only instanceof a mishap that has occurred, and is abundantly accounted for, end great blame is to be attached for using such a wei'ht of shot The object Mr. Irupp has'sd in -iew Is to produce a metal that shall combine great tenacity to resist the extra strain eonsequent upon rifling, and durability to stand against the increased wear from the shot, Mr. Krupp's w~fal wouldl i erery way assist in rendering effective Mr. Wlitworth's polygonal piral bore. I am, Sir, your obedient tervant. ALFRED S,oTr)nvs 1, ?LLV UXUYC, VIBPUArA-ro&d p Doc, 26.
BUCKS ooUHrY ELECTION. This "eminently Conservative county" km returned a Iiberal member b2 a majority of upwards of 160. After the nomination of Wednosday it became evident that both parties were preparad to put forth their full strength, and those best cquainted with tho state of the oounty an. ticipated that the oonteA would be one of the severeet that hu been known for manyyeem It is not too much to sa 'hat very few persons were prepared for a result which shows to dedisdvely the growth of Liberal principles during the few years that have elapsed sinOe the lst oontest. The following figes show the final state of the Cavendish. HamUton, Aylesbury ... 519 ^649 Buckingham ... 210 ;. 214 Newport Pagnell ... 241 ... 23t Beaconsfield ... ... ... 647 260 1,617 1,454 1,454 Majority for Cavendish ... 163 The offioial declaration, of the poll took place yesterday at the Connty-balJ the High Sheriff, P. Wroughton, Esq. presddng. The hul wau dened crowded in every part, and era was a good muser of the friends of Mr. Caveudish on the right of the chair, but, as usual, very few of the friends of the defeated oadidate. The entrance of each candidate wam muarked by a burst of cheering from his supporters, and while the usual formalities were bei g gone thronuh the tinme-honoured interchange of ochaff" wastfreelyi tInlged in. Ass oon a the books were csta up, the HianS BsuInF Pald,-Gentlemen, I am happy to sy that you are not likely i to be detained muuch longer on this occasion, and I am happy to find that the poll clerks have done their duty so welL 1 have now to declare that Mr. William George Cavendish and Mr. Charles John Balky Hamilton having been duly nominated; and a poU having been demauded and legally taken tbere have been reoorded,- Vor Mr. Cavendish ... ... ... 1,617 For CAptain Hamllto . 1,451 Majority for Mr. Cavendbh ... .. 163 I therefore declare Mr. WilliLm George Cavendish to be duly elected, and sumumon him to attend his duty in Parliament now holden. (Trimendous cheers, with a faint attempt at three cheers for Hamilton.) Kr. CAVENDL9ll then caine forward to return thanks, and was received writh loud cheers from his supporter The hon. gentleman taid,-Beforo I allude to my own feellngs I must congratulate you all on the triumph the Liberal causo has this day attained In the county of Buckingham, and I believe It is the first time in this oounty that a Finglehanded contest has terminated in our favour. (" Hear," and cheers.) I am not so conceited as to suppo that it iS owing to my personal merits that this struggle has ended sO gloriously; but still I mus thank you warmly for the snpport you have given me, at a time when it must have been most inconvenient for you to leave your homes and turn from your Christmas festivities to the turmoil of a violently contested election. (A. Voice.-" Don't name it.") I was induced to come forward upon the understandIng that 1 I did so the county would not be disturbed, and for some days after my address had been issued I received assurances on all sides that I should not be opposed. Events have proved the contrary. We cannot regret this fight, which has only showed our strength. I could have wished it had taken place at any other time, so as not to have interfered with the feelings of mutual goodwll with which we ought to welcome the return of this season, but I hope that whatever bitterness may have arisen from the excitement of party feeling will die with the dying year. (Hear, hear.) And now, gentlemen, I will no longer detain you from those homes you have so abruptly quitted in support of our political principles, and I conclude by saying that I shall never forget the Vindness I have received from you, and I hope you will never have cause to regret the confidence you have placed in me. (Loud cheers.) Captain HAxL5To, having shaken hands with Mr. Cavendash, next proceeded to address the electors. The gaUant gentleman was very warmly received. He said,-Gentlemen and freeholders of the county of Bucks, I am sure you rirl believe mne when I say that if I had only consulted my own feelings I would not addre6s you at this moment, beeause no man likes to be in the position of a defeated candidate. (Hear, bear.) I frankly teU von it is a very duifferent thing to come here, situated as I am, and to contrast my present osition riwith that which I occupied on Wednesday ast, wben the competing candidates were nominated. I was then surrounded by my friends; T was patted on the back, and I felt ful of hope. To-day the tables are turned, and I have to address you in a totaly new character. You have heard a short address from my successful opponent (laughter, and a voice-" He can't say much"), and I here beg to congratulate him on his position. (Cheers.) But he has had a very easy task to perform; he cat the matter short; he was not compelled to do what I am oblDged to do, for I have a double duty to perform. I have to account to the county for coming forward, and I have to show to the Conservative party that though, when I led them into the fight, I led them into an ambusb, the fault was not mine. (Cheers.) I stahd in a similar position to thatof a general who is defeated in a battle where he was promised suocess, and, as 'it is usual in political as wel as military law that a general should be called to account for suffering a defeat, I now come before a political court-martial to give an account of my conduct, and to demand an acquittal at your hands. (A voice, "Who brought you forward?") I told you on Wednesady last why I carne forward, and itis not necessarytodiacuss it further. I came forward because the tenant farmers wished to have a candidate. That was my only reason, but I confess I was excessively wrong to hold back as long as I did. (A. voice, "Humphrey Bull could not get you forward sooner").-You are quite right, no Boll, or any other animal could havo got me to comae forward sooner, because when there were so many resident gentlemen of large landed property in the county I was not the proper person to take up the cudgels and contestthe county (AVolce-"Why did'nt you stop away ?") But when I received letters from gen" ,emen of position urging me to come forward I then consented to issae my address, but I now see I was too late (I"'Try againa.") Look at the state of the case. The success of gentlemen at the otber side (the Liberals) is unusual (Cries of "No, no.") Well, I do not wish to disturb your serenity, for I admit that youhave gained a victorv, which issa very unusual thin' for your sXde in this county. I am freo to admit that the Conservative party has on this occasion sustained a check, but whose fault was it? M ine. ("No, no.") Iknow that I should have been earlier in the field, for coming in so late everything was against me. One of your members was created a peer, and no one could be more fitly chosen for the honour ( " hear," and laughter), but a coronet is not put on a man's head like a nightcap or an extinguisher upon a candle. The friends of Mr. Cavendish knew what was coming; the Conservatives did not, (" Oh, that's all noasense.") I tell yoa that I do not deny that you have had a victory, but Xam trying to account to my partyqfar what has happened, for I am placed at the bar of pablic opinion to answer to my own party as well as to yours. My on. opponent was enabled to got the start of me, for he issued his address on the 12th, whereas mine did not appear ntiU the 18th. Moreover, I had only two days' canvass, one at Newport Pagnell and one at HighWycombe. (A Voime,-"But you frieds canvsed for you.") I kneov they did; but you must remember that the names of four candidates were mentioned, and that mine was the last of thefour. ("SoItought.") Underthese circumstances I was not going to come forward until the other three gentlemen were out of the field. On Thursday a gentleman came to Thame-park and asked me to put out an address. I vrobe it hurriedly iu the library and sent it to the Conserrativd press that evening, but it was stopped in the press that nlght and was not allowed to com out. I do not mention this circumetance to convey any reproach to the gentlemen who stopped it, because they were quite right in sO doing. as they beleved they had a better man In view. I think it necessary to mention this because the great Conservative party and tenant-farmers of the county are entitled to kcnow that my friends (acting as true friends to the cause) kept back my address because they believed at the time that a better candidate would come forwatd. (aear, hear.) I have endeavoured so far to excuse myself for this check, for I do not caU it a defeat. (" Oh, oh!) I ask any hon. gentleman on the opposite side whether I am not justified in caling it a check and not a defeat, when, after a canvass of only two days, I have poUed 1,454 votes. (Cheers) Afy hoa. opponent tells meble did not begin to canvass till he saw my address, but for allU hat he had the start of me, md ia addition he had a host of paid agents. I knov I could have had the same if I had paid for them. I do not know how many agents Mr. Cavendish had, but their namae was legion, as he has found to his gaia, and as he will probably find to his cost y and by. ("Oh !") I admit that the opposite side was well worked, and that they bronght all their influence and every appliance to beari, but in giving then credit it is also necessay I should state that several men connected with the law gave me their servlces gra. tuitously, and, although they worked for me day and night, refused to accept any fee orreward, (AVoice,-" Yon hadn't got the tin") If yen throw it ln my face that I did not expend as Iar'e a sum as the other side, I am quite ready to give you thme benefit of it, and I am sure you will make the~ most of it. (A. Voice.-"I am sorry forvyon."I You neee not be at au sorry for me, for Itellyoulithere ' is a VaCncy again, and my friends will support me, I will run the race again. (Cheers.) Do you think Iam a beaten man because LIam not the winner to-day? Not a bit of it. (" Your funds were low.") I don't eall that a liberal obiection. However, you neea not be sorry for me; I am not down on my luek at alL, If I had the race to ran over again I would make a much better one. I compare myself to a person who starts without being properl trained. (" You've got too much flesh.") But thia say, that on another occasion there will appear a different state of the polL (" It's not by sufferance that Mlr. Cavendish sits nowv.") No; it Is by the most strenuous exertions on your parts. I am free to confess that the great Conservative strength was not put forth for me. There were 3,073 votes olled- here were the rest? (" Dead and duplicate.") Mr. DarviiL-There are 1L200 vho cannot vote." If the Conservatives had been 'wide awake (and you have roused theta, Iean tell you), audif theyhadfound a betterman than me, you would have had a different rsult. I was not the right man to have started. I only wiah I had had more agents and done better, but if I had had the support early in the day that came afterwards-if, too, I had not been four or five days too late, you would have seen very different figtres. I am bound to speak of several eircumstances that were against me. I have been told sinee that I was not a practical farmer. Well, I thought you wanted a practioal member for the House of Commons. ("We have got one-we have got the round man in the round hole.") No doubt he is a very excellent man. I only wish I was in his positlon. I have only now to thank the Con- servative party who have broUght me forward and have recorded 1,456 votes in my farour, and I trust they will not be disheartened at this defeat, which I cal only a check. ("' Oh, oh I ") You will have an opportunity of testing that before long, perhaps with some better man. (" Gie Da Pro notice.") I only wish it was to-morrow. I have no wish, as I said, to put myself forward, but on such occaesons a man cannot always act for himpelf, he must go with his pUrTy, A wa Ae etmuore on ThGday. mndn they told me that Lord Latimer, who I now-3i(r. Cavendish-" He in not Lord Ltlimer yej) did not Intend to acept a peorAge. ("Don't be cro." Lord love you, I'ra Dot cross-not a bit. When I speak of Mmutmoze theJews have aswaysbeenastamrlink.blocktomef Ivotedforthet Jews long before that question waw popular wit_ the Liberaf Mrty. I wish some gentlemnn who ae sid to be verv beral now had been in my shoes then. In the HouEI ojt Commons you pxt on your hat when you go is, sud tke it off when you go out, and there they AU were walkhn out ma though the whole tribe of Levi and al Gideon at the baek of tem were aeter them. There werei a few, it is true, left. My reltive Lord Claude HAmilton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Warburton, ang others, but the gr$st majority of the House scampered away so if the deoit was after them. (Cheen and lughter.) Tbhro was no. Jew interost at Aylesbury tn. But since I started E have received a letter from a gentleman In the Couservative interest to the effect that I was, it not exactly playing false, fin some way or other paying court to. them. Now, I never thought of aking' any of the Rothschild family for their vote, though I got several dsaps In the faoe on account of the Jews,, and at the lut moment I_ got a rap behind the head from the Jewnterest. You know the screw was pretty well pat on. ("H H phrey Bull polled some of Rothschild's tenants for yOU.") 'm not godfather for Mr. Humphrey BU; he ea anwer for himself. I am not one to stick at trifles; but you know the screw was put on on the other aideI, (A Voice.-" Do yoa know the Rev. C. Martn, of Ludgorshal?I He said he oould take every man in thvillage either way.") Well, if any gentleman, revere5dE or Irroverend, wll pOrSade a whole village to vote. for me, I have no fault to find. (IIYou put on the screw.") Well, I dare say you will all be screwed to-night drinking the hon. membcrs health (laughter), and though I have nothing better than water here just now I will heartily drink the health of my sxoceseful opponent. (Cheers.) LoDg mLy he live, and may I hve longenough to give him another ran over the Buckinghamshire hills. I arm sure, from his countenance, it haa done him no harm, and, for myself, I don't know that I am any the worse for it In health and spirits. (" You've not lost fleshh.) Well, though there is not much of me I aum as much inclined as ever to snpport the cause. r never was more surprised than when I saw a oerntun rev_ gentleman and a magistrate-never more surprised than. when I saw that eminent divine, tbat strong Conservative, 0 Lord! on the other side of the hustings ("Don't he Wrathful.") Certalily he did look a little white about the gills when my hon. op,ponent declAred himself for the unconditional abolition of churchrates. (Cheers.) Well, now you ha*ve got the rev. gentleman keep him; I will only trust good men anic true. I bave felt it neoessacy to say these few words to my own friends (" They are very few!l"P) inm defence of myself, and I must not neglect to return thanks. to those electors of the Aylesbuy district who placed Ime in a majority. (" Not in the borough of Aylesbury ;" and disturbance.) As I cannot rrturn thanks as the suocessful candidate you will at least. let me return thanks to those who have supported me. I must tender my thanks, too, to, those agents who, without tee or reward, bave worked for mc night and day. I tender my thanks to those Conservative electors who have recorded their votes for me, and I thank klso those gentlemen on the other side who have. listened to me to-day. (Cheers.) A vote of tbaJs to the High Sheriff, proposed by Captain aAmSILToy, and seconded by Mri. AVENSDIsH, closed the proceedings.
DEATH OF EARL SPRZCWX, K.G. We are sorry to have to announce the sudden death of theEtarl Spencer, who died on Sunday, a few minutes after 12, p.r_, at Althorp-hall, the family seat ln Northautptonshire. The Earl was up to a few boura before his death, to aUl appearance In his usual robus helth, and cn Saturday was out shooting for severalhons with a party of friends partakig of the hospitalities at the hall. The deceased Frederick Spencer, Earl Spencer, Vscount Althorp, county of Northampton, Viscount and Baron. Spenoer, of Althorp, county of Northampton, was fourth son of George John, second Eard, by his marriage with Lady Lavinia Bingham, eldest dAughter of Charles, first Earl of Lucan. He was born April 14, 1798, and consequently in his 61st year. The Ito Earl was twice marriedfirst, Feb. 23, 1830, to Elizabeth Georgiana, second daughter of the late Mr. William Stephen Poyntz, of Cowdray-park, Sussex, by whom, who died in 1851, the deoeased peer has surviving Viscount Althorp, MILF., and Lady Sarah; and he married, secondly, in 1854, Miss Adelaide Seymoar, onlydaughter of the late Sir Horace Beauchamp Seymour,, KX.CH., by his first marriage rith Matilda, daughter of the late Sir L-awreace Palk, Bart. By the latter marriage the Earlleaves two children, the last, a son, having been born at Spencer-house, St. James's, early in the past month. The late Earl was born at the Admiralty, Whitehall, his father having for many years presided over that department of the Government. He adopted the navy as his profession,. entering that servioe a fewmonths before he attained his 14th year. An midsbipman on board the Malta, S4, he was employed occasionally with the in-shore squadron off Toulon, and also in co-operating with the British army on the coast of Spain, more particularly at the siege of Tarragona, and the evacuation of the fort ot St. Philtppe in the Col de Balaguer. In July, 1818, he was made a lieutenant, and im 1821 he obtained the command of the Alacrity, 10, and in. August obtained his post rank. In September, 1825, he vw. appointed to the command of the Talbot, 28. While in that ship he served in the Mediterranean under the late Admirl Sir Edward Codrington, and distingaished himself at the battle of Navarino. During the period he had the command of the TAlbot he assisted at the reduction of the Morea Caztle, and bis firm though conciliatory performance of his duties gave the highest satisfaction to his superior in command. For his Kervlces at Navarmno, SW., he waa in November, 1827, nominated a Companion of the Order of the Bath, and received the Cross of St. Louis of France, and was made a Knight of St. Amne of RUESia (21 class), and of the Order of the Redeemer of Greece. Since he relinquished the command of the Talbot in the autnumL of 1828 his Lordship has not been afloat. His naval commision bore date as an rexed:- Lieatenant, 14th of July, 1818; Commander, 5th 'of March, 1821; Captain, 26th of August, 1822; and Rear. Admiral (reserved), 7th of October, 1852. The Earl Spencer was for a series of years Equerry to her Royal Highnees the Duches of Kext. In July, 1S46, he, was appointed Lord Chamberlain of the Queen's Household, which appointment he held up to Septembor, 1848, when he was suoceeded by the Marquis of Breadalbame. Ia January, 1854, he as appointed Lord Steward of Her Majests Household-an office he resigned on the 28th of last month. The late peer was created a Knight of the Garter in 1849, on the death of the late Earl Talbot. The deceased Earl succeeded to the family honours and. extensive lauded estates on the demise of his brother, John.. Charles, second Earl, the well-known statesman, in 1S45. He is succeeded by his son, John Pointz, Viscount Althorp,, M.P., born October 27, 1835. Previous to his accession to the peerage the late Earl sat in the House of Commons for Worcestershire (1831). At the general election in 1832 to 1835, and from 1837 to 1841, the Hon. Captain Spencer represented ;lidhurst in Parliament. During his career in. the lowrer House he invariably voted with the Whig party, of which political body, like his predecessor in the peerage. he was a consistent supporter. The present Earl was returned to the House of Commons at the last general election for the southern division of the county of lNorthampton, his Lordship heading the poll by a large majority. A vacancy consequently occurs in the representation of the county by this elevation of his Lordship to the House of Lords. The Earl had only very recently returned to Althorp from a lengthened tour in the United& States and Canada.
FATAL RAILwAY Ac DENr.-On Sunday evening. an accident occurred at the Gorton station of the Mancheeter and Sheffield Railway, by which an enginedriver lost his life. Shortly after 7 o'clock he was driving a ballast engine belonging to his employer, Mr. Taylor, the contractor for the permacentway, into the engie-worksat Gorton,havicg come from Guide-bridge, a distance of about two miles and a-halL Finding the signal off and the signalman absent from his box, le orderod his fireman to hold the points while he crossed from the down to the up line of rails. He was on. the point of leaving the up line again to enter the engineshed lines, when another engine proceeding from Ardwick to Guide-bridge came into collision with the ballast engine. The second engine was thrown off the rails, though not upset, and a few mrinute afterwards the driver of the ballast engine was found lying on the rails and breathing his last. The fireman of the other engine, whose name is Gee, was alo fonnd lying on the ground insensible, having sustained concussion of the brain, but he is expected to recovor. The driver of this engine, John Rhodes, was also injured slightly. The second. engine was oing to take a goods train from Guide_ bridge to Linooln, and the driver of the ballastengine had no right to cross in front of it unles= authorized by the gignaL His name was Holland, and he has left a wife and four chtldren. The sigiualman, Thomas Taylor, who had blet his boxz without any one in charge to, takeo a glass of beer In a publio house, was taken intocustody, and brought before the magistrates at she NewBailey, Salford, )e6terday. He was remanded pending the inquest on Holland, which txkes pI-Ao this (Tuesdvyx after. noon,aS Gorton. I
SALES BY AUCTION. Btereoreolo Groupsp and Vlewn8iereosoopee,8tands, and Photographic R. J. 0. STBVENS WMl SELL by AUCTON, retait G t ztoom, 38, Knjg.street, Coe re, omr row, Doe. 30th. a' 12 precdeely, a very enpodor 00fl0ct of 0 the &bore mentioned A.ITIOLID% beiug the atOck Of a WhOleenl dealer. They will comprise every variety of bobjeot, and instrnuments by the first makeme This sale will OT0ecially meet the requirement or ebippers and dlealera who wre laying in tock for the new year and also Jo, PrivTeO btuyers May be viewed on thLe day prior ansd mnomngn of "lae, and cataloguea had. Clea Xnnltze,remvedfrom Clpas O~GlnsnIPW- Gold ~Lao, Appre. ideBadl StckofGlwa,a &o ~j ESRS HAMON an EIOART will SELL by AOT[N, a th Boos~ 8 GU MESSRS. OHRIBTY and MAJSO1i have boen fAvonsed with lnatrutictoe fhomn th Eretr a acThe late (. H G. Fanklin, Etieq l8NW at tbdr groat b Y. s, 8t's° day 2d .o &nute RE3SI.L of a chotie COLLEsImoig Ano PI"T bY ttr ILAL..Tary. LA., Wiluat, aedosieto, grihor Whit svea -Ong e ftoediog The Whole will belacd= C8hutE. e,ve, and awe well wortby the attention of the Connolr,osenz Picturev fron the Contlnent.-By Ms., ON anDa I14h il at thir teat oom. lxg-t V. deri Dan o-qaes Reon Satra Jan. 9, 1858, as c psecise l, Jrrago A Collection of 40 P>icture. by Itaia 11emioJe DeiDch, a Td French atiil, fr th clection othe lat (Sentrel Ci,ust Vanidammue,and recentlyrecet,td fro Drenkirk; Ojor k'othoro Do Hleem Bothi- reutie C. Moraatti V. I}elmonl J. WKet Nronse¢. And nu erous otber mothn thediffret ooole from priaoteo. leIOD o.. May be viewed tlo da ys preeelin asdesttloeuaezhad buprlor Moeem uFniture, eoqual to new, CObinet Piano, aC.,. moved from two pdvate d. AUCTION,- at thtif hoen e F , TURO, for lbe drawing and dining rooms, and ted chamber, includ. Icy a drawing rG(n enite, mahQgany extenilog dining tablesnsla etoboards,ch sand conchea covreed In morocco, exUeSn trn`esd carpets, ile PlD.te chimney glosse, htxtdse ad nd clean be1dinc, mzarble-top wa,'n- tan-is, oheate of d~rawers, kv., library tables, hootcoser, Iro, repository, china and Slau, domestic requiuiles, aDd nomerons mlgi3ellaoies, which MaY be Tiewed the day preceding thoewlo_ bed C-.ms,,.se Dad at the Auction Offices. 48. Obanoery-laue,. SuperiorlY "5 nefectured ilodern Furniture O blot ianfrt byKitmn,sme Brn,Dedn hand Sdrree OhN" Ornausentire and MitcellanjueseItems. EU BE >isT REID will SELL, at hix Rooms l Gireat arlborouth-strseet, on FridayJmanur7y 1, at 12 io; 1 preclcely, 5 H (EEt elegant walnuat DRAWING ROOM BUlIKES ha. crimson and gold damask, taDptry andvelvet curtalna ond oentre ottoman , n rusts, expent ve cabinet, Centre, card, and work tables, lea-po7 end prtfolilo stand inbublmnaqueteeie, toIpwood. andwianut, brliWaut plate chimneyoglasw h including a ilr 7D by D aorved oak; library Ouit. or foLr snd two elbow chais, and sideboard dining room curtain- In ,srip, rope and mnalone cloth with sil borders h2and. some pedeatel tldebo&rds with plate-glase hacks met ot teleaoDoe. fraers dblsl,g tab;es 14 feet by 5. bookcases, pedeettA vitig tabt-.ssewe of choirs with stuffed backs and reats, in moroco, oo ea chairs n tolas on suire dinuer waggont, an exPenelve libravys7ltein coavel oak ; the en plate appooatmentg of five ptincipal bed chambem in walnut and '5p.nlrh mahogany, somprtietg fo0ur-post, Tadcv, Arabian and Pan-tiao btilleabda. with richl danok and chinitz furniture aneX appyoDrilt.,beddling, winged had gensleenrea wardrobes wtth plate. gsrl dooro, cbevalanddreetinggpiae, toilet and wash stands with marble top nd fittings, tables do Dnit, and usual items of the bed chamber. M.y le viewed on Thuriday, and callogueshad. To COulour Mangacau*rers andf OapiaDsts.kk-Wan,cswrth5 Fmrre. POOTH aad SON have received intrctona fromn BPthe Direct-mrs of the ElectoriPower Light and Colour COrnge,n LLmtbo lte cseLL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, on Thuredky, Dee. 31, at 12. inone loO, the LEASE andu GOODWILL of those yezp exltei,ave WATJR,tSIaDE PREMISES, ooccpying a large plot oC oea , with c ole - far the esanaacture of colour ad C a et L.H e:ttei Cbu. btores, ab.ooratory, edngin-borne, ans tablnc , cto. geter with aWl the valuable plant, machinery x, and utensila, horke andwaggoDs. which have been eretedan pau d at ea sonsiderable Cost; also Awill be included In the Purchase, the Patents forthe Eectri Pewer Light, all the property of the above compan , situate at 1rogrmore-lane, Wandsworth, the purchaser to take the whole of the, stock of colour, and ehsmlei" at a valuation, The Iwo- misc, lop to viewed aix dopeprlor tosale Printed partIculars hadsoe F. G. Loroidge, ouq tboicitor U, Adano Mlree,lloel, and ok Booth and Son,. ouctioneer,, an, budge-row, c . JCer,hi and Mr a Potio oftheHouehol Fuprni Frutureofald.deas,rnoe from apaBrAFirnl in ampton CourtPalaclude to the large room at the Su \RMlntel, Koitgteton.o30hl*a L o TORI DASON nd ON wllBELL by AUC- o c cT a lo N as a ^bo v e n a m e d, T H I S D AY, e a t U , s o m e v a rio u s a rtinle e of ecellnt PRNI2UEE;conestin ofa pot of dining tsbIas. worord ralte dca iro ran faw u tenl s,ai de tables, dbraw r o c enir m. tet abl cofa and o seteecoerd bensie wt sl tbret,an wlluhT. chintcvrt, is lI:arome, Gr me chme-gns fancy chairo a6' otz wardrobe. Flherro of dawr( nasnd toGther bed-rtoo Mluriore, Cfto atalge m..apyehda h large roo tteSnHtl n tMsr.Jh D3w andon land and atn olilees, Klneoon-, Des, ad Marlboroubeh- cabers, 40, Pall*male. Badlow, Ket -trs adtneadTnrdg-,.3.I0 an-d Dea Farmuing Stock, frnture and t*Metae, MBR.IX$ J. COLLIE5 bau reeeived direcetonston Bre ErL,,bitA UCTION on theFrrn!mcss, adjlluizge the Cleaa lots, all tl e valuaLle LIVE anTDEAD PARPMGINBi pt e c'-reli preltng three I~efni dralots,sught hoe au Oaghorote and faEt pony' mincow, waB A in ma u r e ate a good SetLEo a and potnhae. tiorlhO, rud anBd- Othertrares nlamtenot n al weo,-the de Fosntre 0 . and Efects of thedusual uesscrntlen, 0i which catlongK may be Obtained. enril8 the premiersD8 0t toO Mitel Hotel,adtsed- B oe *nd CrOwn, Bnb ri dg,ve; : a nd o V. J , Colltier, b ,ok o odga tn_ inld nth eSL icLUdis cihoic, H tw cocued and two esby cailrs,iot, fancy,l and ocsonal ble.ad tables, egant onemy and bPokise, G nl vri fssin F n6 loe Span mtaogan,Icuinh ahe nfoblte eigat-foe Reid urutr ;8 Re.t^e2cDtr°- pedecstaldswrithetables,copein pmdachine,tw Brmlarge Tureyganptsd, twnotes rt ofd dgloe tables, kc, alysbe fewes othd prieedin, asa cataploguem odernath rooms and atther offie-ofth and bedd eer airft Valuabedwardoe b Iradt Glt-jrandoPias,b droadwinoomdWt, aSindCtle, Pial byCs.olten of LendfdaChmnln Pier M Velde veewrAthe prvrcis d th n day dmozof alghoftgeihe wit taet snacbtadofa khe 8frit aud at the, auc hOtieea oesero.a Fx2kbhnLt2e A2ntot66znuo; Iteeldenee, ~ ~ ~ wi_ iaReeld NIES8RS. E. ad and R BNSPEEre diretet SEIh b b AUOIN, aAtAMS v,ll SEL Ht by AUCo TION4tre atrm5 h00 sane-2c0e lHoIRS pusun maogany Oreroffte e-Room Cutabes I couachey tandeoluas, auenatyof 1Cratimsond v fruggt,ldtOandsothme ro mn usiasand strb Janlescope t oedsile Brnuthei carptselegan doe-.a canOVWrs NdTgsas.dr, alsoPte EfecsOfPtEpRiv.at residence, tomries, oen rba and other bulfg.i aoiedstreads anthOd beddin, a6f winge sd Rbegwithplate-gla redsoom, adtrawing-oo sdtee adtheo av, ttuayeassrim of furnitue, ofd ausjall vila Imtay be vhich ewedthe uepireolgdayPaad moranandgof ae ndcatansuof hado at sothy e romoe and myb a at the ou oioeraofices at Mwlckrthamfedad. zt oldos 16 lstmfisghm~rso1ndoRnts o estupreeh~pold PBrapant, nOecssIon, ad DltonESRRS. Eo. savid C,~. Ro BIIliare dtreoedt, ondoELt Mr, b AUCgtION aoc tor the He ptallC hict. ensHortel.No-street,,Lnln hofuMesrs ad GIn athcand elofxhamtfield tit rrch.d Brngan Ed Ot-, GifROUNDI anId TRbin,sreo and aE-uMLEFOItonTY,inBircningi..m.- Eosistin.ofDw BellngHore,PbIo-one ST ReIl ndShOp,aNufa lis, ndoterbyuOiding, i aroin teire Rorthwood.gstreet, OMaent street. BndSH AY,et'a-place,in rov.sl aft r th GO DeCAt- gofaldadync th1e with yestarblehc age,mandtubelctlo ',Bleaers,oon,f wic 8yas, acet uankpred. teayiclr and confesrie,ditionsdo sln beewilhoets b pson-edn andma- b hd a te ofies f ,tesr. Catiel ad Har4t, solicor. 10, ustnirlcs lononks. tl, ctesr.Cpe;,Babn, Carn a RAESSES, DEBENHAM, ST ORR, sand SON arein. .U1SL byutd oSL AU ACTION, a thir Booseing-streeingt, oenraTedtgren, TTISmorrow.the 29thh tasan, at 11 GLD HIS gold sail andlverea.wabtchetab sle end m antelnstcks, silverspoons,forks, waiter penarlrdobs, tea andbcofeemervies, iaofd rine, broohes, pinhges, anda wtd,anOtheelcr, ndavaluabet, on slvew.n ltdgod,O iw EEaloa qanit STfR eand StoN aei w0SiU SbEACLON byAtUtTIr Oms, ong-treet Covet-gaden To-orro. te1t,hcintan t~mr, at 1. THREE1 smal andGeevawache, oldgurdeadnt,teckchains,TcADE, onyx,Man pearlbrooces,fshioabledraceeutsfSe gold, Impetmwith,gene,afew wathesclo k;anda vriey 1 slve no p ated go 8ods, O noview.r Brois, ulb, Haciths Tuips an th itmiaindeaoda' choie Cus Sebation; ato aquatityo ercavy Sockew. Prcity 1, orat-tr,ciy n-oro,Dc.3.at 12 fo 1 utel,udrders o en,teSOe nT.D fM. baed set oa n inl u h tnis mlmns n et Funiue,Pinins G aenReuoin,g c t 1o HN O wlwofroorkslt SL,a inathe Dlarg Rosto thle fis efor, nTurg d,, HO GFttNkTo O omrsorrsuegrior Araialadg rect Onvewaeas, ethedaprbedios and bedding,ofwalhe,ands, dores hg-abl &Q Ntowtsof Vraw.%ers, o-morrow.gl-osR,mdinng-r tokomfandeasgcairs,ly at diin,andeoccasional hotablesr, Fnrbletchimneyand pir glasne, osa.- eterUGeIOtefaects; eiro omeexcellent 41 eng oravings andTaboutr roiwig iWen rchda)-goe.l t clontining, among wouthers,sezernsil,th themairtspofto fa We TC o lgnl u AL GA3;oCarlngo fod A c Vtrtad litdecate T gaerjueghck bapgne adotor i C g arregumlie Prar ug,tle dgbo s einveraiewtheofdaypreviusand dmogr ningoftae n aous hasl ite lag rsall buylersGlsoas,uwnthtyoutresere,odFurniture,Pianoforte, a andith l tre s,ruFad l,U nosffects, a3ous o ray t~i esSLin.-B MINGR D and NEB E Til SELRGOD bydr btoyo Mr.1WaUCTon, athe Dltheror.tteHetroom,es410, OXeord-re. o-moWe., sow IWeDoe.dap0,Ds,3 at 4 1'cloc prcsl, ihu osra AGLASenciteel o a uar pmozo cand pntrecners,ola Ret us,dhck, campa gno e, and wihborwinerlasss, otumblers, aternug,trinebleldishres, wine c ooler,tofingrgassens, seve, altlpofind beetrmanufalcue,and irg everylvaited Dwtyoahep n dl(etsignlar, inblotsto udiit etherlargeior casma buyt ver,s; lotharquanttyofHouseholduFurniture Piaanof ovrt, and fo adjintr,pint s,uandblesferangoom's efets.CtaReIpupofnesoodwatre ady. Smallm genteel garsden, yand futrly pNewport Stgation, yestmrn cun Hr.Wathoe,stheet proprite toer,watgte n hercules repctbenn s ursdra0-,gDoewn of at po.m Lotbi. ,fv M f t Newpor t, onWedz andGentee.Lo andThecomUnonicaj FoFreehold Resd.idncie, ofr good l rsabe hair,awith bowsfrots, xcnainngan etrne-h"an, thre Coffeebom kithensle, torenhpicyl an of erv mante' ichambrs wit Tug ,ofcltores elas stb: and ct!r .T huroi-ou'seln, withcai. and Ostamentalgaen,yofio yafrdn parly tvd,o nagtwa ntac fro te tretoposteth vcaag, n heveyreptal andCfION I a.z at tneir Rooms, -353, Oxfio'rd-street sea dep -v e'V4 Fri t, next, atil1 for 1lSpunctually ti lar ASSEMOBLAGE Of! cat - dhand k-RaTR1 v dilAaba,IU and socondary bedsteads and hangings, with bedding complte. winged and plain wardrobes, drawers, wachgtends, dronig ales, tco'lethegoloss'des, h,, aw'alInuto,tree and1 roeewood drawing-room, chairs,, couhesandeay cais, In,card, and fancy tables, chimmey and DleL asses, grand, cabinet, semi-COttGe, and Picoolo pianofortes, by tho etmakerss suites of curtaInS, mahoRoap, dilnge-room, man llibrAr chairs, sofas sonl easy chairs, seets of dining and library tables books cases, carpets of every description, gaseilers, China, glass, decooettve Items, the3 domestic requtietee, and numnerous effects, May be viewedl ono Thursday, and morning of sale, and catalogues had. ECarly Sale.-T Waeonoen sand,F ueDaes .3ESSRS. NORMAN aknd SON wl ELb li.AUCTION, at their Rooms, 5 Little rti,T-ors fWednesday), Decemaber 30, as 10, FIXItCREadFTIG,emov-ed from Frlday.street, n0lmpricn aogn n aisoQo show tables and counters m;ahogany dess elpafrs iero raferR, and 20 lots of Furniture.Mabevwdth yprvol when caaoRues may be had. Thic Evening, at 6 o'clockr to tho minute. a large AsEomblage of Hotss. hold Furniture Four Pianofortes, and Effects, remored from Bonito ramnbeth; together with FIxtures, 27 Roristes and other Steyee, h ESR.JONES anad BON HAM 4ill SELL bye A'O N lON.i thetir large Lower Rooms, Primres-street, andt Uteste-sroo TEN VENN0 at 6 aarge quantity of HOUSF. HL ITURE,vz, er bed 60 capItal blankets,, snrtscountorpanes, mattresses sani bedding, cisest of drawers, bink.. Case, deegonierg, four fine-teond pianofortes by Broadwood Stoihrk, Warren, and Holdernesse, quantity of books, school fitftIns gaarden tools handoromo pattern and nearly new Brussels carpets and rugs, excellent oilcloth forbhall, passages, landings, &o.,; sets of chairs, tables. 2? sftoves, lixtuires, and a large quantity of goo-d and useful Iterns On-, flowMan catalogues tobe had atthe room,, ThTRening uTuesdayDo. 29. at half- st 0.-CapIta HouseimolC ~SSRS. W. and F. 0.BVH wlBELb .JA.AUCTION, at their Rtooms, 10, Xs4lobone-stre R,eran unnirnt TIS VEIN, t lat-pst0,capiIta ROUSRH(JLDi FURNTUREin our-est,Araian,Frech, and other bdedteadg,,
