DEATS. In the month of Mtay Juat, meodree,d 00 the road from Weaaes to O n hbi regiment. the 17th N. L., at Ferozeooere, 1in the itb year ot his age, Edmsund, tbird eon of John Clougb, Exq., (liftou, neva York, universally beloved and deeply lamLented. KilledI in the muacsacr at Cawopore. after being brought hack severely wo.unded fmome the boats, (tpi,al ALoil Turner Ist Bengal 20a.sie Infantry, agted 377; also, dIed ui fe.ver, it. tne eonreuchnient, BtuD, his wife, youngest dnueghter of the lde lev. .Fa P3in, of Aapiei' (be. Bedlerdohire. Their infant daughter is uppoeed to have aled nbout the tame time. On the 22d inst., at A8 Orosvenor.equzor, the Vieotoontewo Maynard, u the 63d year of hee age. On tho 12th Aug., at Buenos Ayreoa, Charles Atkinson, Esq., aged 58 On the 12th tIst., at MeltOn Movwbrac, in hbii 76th year, J. B. Bikes, Esq., late of Tilton-on-ttte-BhAll. On the 17th loot.. suoddenly, at the reaidence of bis son, Byon Lodge loathwort. E. Bnham-, Esq., of No. 56, Torriugton. quare, London aged 63. On Sunday, the 1Sth last., at Wigginton Rectory, near York, leabella Rose, wife of the Rev. James Wortley Corhbtt, aged 36. On the 18th inst., Mr. John Page, ot Twycroeo, Leloester.hlre, brother-in-law of ifr. Miashiter, of Livvrpool a.d boutbport. On the 18th lmt., at the Parsonage, Kirton. Ia Lindsey, after a very ahort illnew, the Rev. Robert Oueby, aged 53, for 33 years e |rt of Khiou. and for 14 iears cnaplain of the Hioue of Correetion 13 that pariah. On the 11th inist., at 13righton, Robert Illair, Esq., M.D., formerly of Great Euoeil-street, Bioomahbory, I his fith s ear. On the 11Mt inst., at Clifton. Gloceitrhle, aiter thoreeyeraea suffer ing, Francis Riggai, Egq., aged 63. On the 19th loot., at Twickenbamo, Mary Aune, the beloved wife oI Jieseph Skelton, Est., aged 73. On the 19th inst., after a severe Ihoerr. FountaIns'lIoe Alien. It,. Oaptain in the 3d Life Guords, only burvivw.g sun uo the late Colonet Founiane HoggLe. of Lsondhurst. Riante. Om the 16th lnsft., at the Royal bledical Benevolent College Eiwom, Henri Arnaud. third Eon of Fredl. k'. Gijroud. eq., of Haverdham, Xent, aged 13 years and 10 months. On the 20th inst., at Notting-hit., Mrs. Rlesnor Rlarmston, In her 71,t Year, greatly beloved and deeply regretted, On the 2th Inst., at the residence of her father, the Royal Clarencetod Goeort. REoily Victori. , )oungeLt daughter of JBogeph Pinhorn, On the 21th Inst.,. at , Baring-place, ExePer, in bIa 53d year, Edward Prlesty Cooper, of the RIddle Temple, baerl3ter-at-1aw. On the 2Bth lnst.. at her reeldenua. lmi-grove Bsrnes, laorre Harriet. the beloved anid much lamented wife or Alei&Ldra Teixeira liampapo, Req., and daiughter of the lace Nathianiel Kent, Rag., of Fulbam. On the 2lat Inst.. at Rbedford-place. Rousll-equare, Ann, relct of tdon ate Richard Hiodr,s', 1:sA., aged. ?J. On the 2ist ina't., o. Kenaiugton, Joeeptt Martindale, &Rq., aged 44. On the 2tat inst., Therwsx, the beloved wife of George Kendall, Raq., of NTorwood, Surrey, aged 63. On the Bevt inst., Mm. IL A.. Williams, widow of the Into Jameo Wlliamso. of Chlolthur_t, Kent, aged B7. On the 21st Intat., at 4, Mtrton-pleee, Turnham.green, Misc London. aged 77. On the 21st tinst., at No. 10. Graeoeeureb-Btreet, Mr. John Peter Yate3, late of NTorfolk fcarm, Wind8or, lin the 71st $ear of 01& age. Oni the 21st inst.. at Claremout. Hastings, ins her 84ith yeaw, Mary., relict of thLe late J.Sbn Cave, Resq., of Keutiah-town, and eldest das.glsse of the late Capt. Thos. Wilsn, R.N. On the Blot inst., at '6, Msldoeiton-equare, F~ranjces Mary, the beloved ,wife of the Rev. Franciso Mao O%rthy, incumbent of tit. M.lrk'e, Myddeston-square.
ZfO2YBY-MAB KBTaild ITYINTTELLJG2NCE. Thursday Evelng The funds continue to exhibit great steadiness, Id seem likely to remain without much further 3alte-ation tll the end of the week, when fresh new. Olay be looked for both front the United States and Itdia. Consols for money, which closed last evening -at 88 to £, opened at 88i to i, and experienced 'various minor tluctuations until the afternoon, whenc *a advance occurred to 88 to g, from which there Was no reaction. For the 10th of November the last transactions were at 88i to 89. Although money continues to be temporarily borrowed on -onsols, the rate it the Stock-Exchange is not more than 5 per cent., the market having been abundantly Supplied by the recent investments of the public. As the amounts available from the dividends have now mostly been employed, these investments must be expected to diminish, but purchases to-day still preponderated upon balance. Confidence was supported by the smallness of the gold remittances by t^he steamers yesterday to the United States, but the Canada on Saturday is expected to take a considerable total, policies having been opened for about 200,0001. Bank Stock closed at 211i to 213; Re4uced, 87i to 88 ; New Three per Cents., 88 to *; and India Stock, 208 to 210; India Bonds were very heavy, and were quoted 35s. to 25s. discount. Tn Exchequer-bills there was a fractional improvement, the final price being 14s. to 9s. discount. The money-market is exceedingly quiet, and, ewing to the absence of any important failures and the signs of general stability among the leading taanufacturing and shipping firrms throughout the 7ou0try, a very satisfactory feeling is observable. Uncertainty still prevails as to the probable neces5ity of any further upward movement on the part of the Bank, but the question vill, perhaps, be solved before the lapse of another week. It is said that in ease of an advance above 8 per cent. being adopted the jqint-stock banks are not likely to make any increase in their rate of allowance for customers' deposits. Their present rate is 7 per cent., and uinder any circumstances this will most probably be their limit. A movement in the Bank minimum7 beyond Its existing point would obviously be too exceptional to admit of any general arrangements being based upon it. The demand to. day was comparatively moderate, both at the Bank and out of doors. In some instances choice paper bas been negotiated at 71 or 7i, but in most quarters the Bank cbarge is upheld. On six months' bills 9 per cent. has been paid. It is an unpleasant featire that there are again some symptoms of a detnand for gold for :the continent, and if this should increase, as there are no more Australian arrivals to to be counted upon at present, it can be supplied only by withdrawals from the Bank. About16,000 sovereigns were said to have beeni taken to-day for New York. The amount of silver to be provided | for the next Overland mail on the 4th of November -will depend upon the fresh quotations of the Indian and China cxchanges shortly to be expected by telegraph, but more than 300,0001. is understood to be already engaged. The foreign stock-market has been well supported, and prices show considerable firmness; Spanissh Deferred were especially in demand, and closed at a alight advance. Brazilian Five per Centa. were negotiated at 991 and l -; Buenos Ayres, 81 ; Mexicani, 19; for the account, 191. Portuguese, 43 Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., Small, 96; Sardinian, 89g both for money and the account; Spanish, for the account, 40A; ditto, New Deferred, for the account, 25. i, and ditto, Certificates, 5i; Tu7kish Six per Cents., 81 ; for the account, S7J,; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96i ; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 9,g. The closing qluotation of the French lThree per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening was 66f. 75c. for both money and account, showing a fractional improvement. The letters do not describe any great pressure for accommodation, and it is said that discount can readily be obtained at I to i per cent. below the rate of the Bank of France. At Hamburg the rate has receded from 91 to 9 per cee t, 'Numerous suspensions continue to be announced son the continent, especlally among manufacturing firms in Germany. At Vienna, the Credit Bank, to allay the alarm caused by the stoppage of Messrs. Boskovltz and Co., of Pesth, for 207,0001., have agreed to make a temporary advance to the creditors equal to about 50 per cent. on their claims. At a meeting this afternoon of the London, Manebester, and Foreign Warehouse Company, Mr. 2csteker In the chair, the resolution passed at the meeting of the 21st of September to wind up the undertsking voluntarily was confirmed, with one dissentient. In the disctssion that took place on the errors of management several shareholders expressed their full reliance in the present board, and, various questions of finance having been gone into, a vote of confidence in the integrity of the directors was passed. 'Phey were accordingly appointed official liquidators to wind up the estate. It is believed that 21. per share wil be returued to the proprietors. At the Hull Bankrnptcy Court yesterday, in the affairs of Mr. H. S. Bright, the amount of debts proved was 10.1,4371. Messrs. J. it. Ringrose and LE]ijah Meggitt were appointed assignees. Mr. Bright was then charged before the magistrates with the forgery of the endorsemenats of six bills of exchonge, andI the appropriation, by means of forged transfers, of 202 shares in the York, Newcastle, and Bemsick PRailway belonging to the late MVLr. Taylor, the prisoner's partner, and Mr. R. J. Taylor, his son. After hearing evidence Mr. Bright was remanded to Wednesday next. The Peninsular and Oriental steamer Ripon ha3 arrived with se ocie to the amount of 28,800l. The followving from Mr. H. IV. Eaton describes the state of the silk-market under the recent reaction:- " The public sales of silk have just terminated. The -attendance was large, but the depression now pervading trade generally was but too manifest, and by far the greater port.on of the China silk put up was consequently withdrawn without price. The operations by private contract have been unusually limited, the actual prices realized during the week being-for No. 2, Tsatlee, 22s.; for No. 3, 21z.; other sorts, I1s. 9d. to 20s. Od.: and for Taysaaui, I3s. l d. to 18s. In Bengals there has scarcely been a transaction in either way, the whole of those in the catalogue boing withdrawn, there being no disposition to bid.
RAILW rAY AND MINING SHARES. Thursdiy EvenLng. IRailway shares opened with flatness, the leading traffic returns being viewed unfavourably, but a rally subsequently took place, and the market closed m some cases at a slight advance. Great Northern and Caledonian exceptionally receded. It is feared that the interruption of the American and Indian trade, the high rate of money, and the closing of the MIanchester Exhibition wiiU affect future receipts on the northern routes. In colonial descriptions Grand Trunk of Canada receded about ll. Business in French shares was limited; the closing price of Paris and Lyons shows an advance of 6s. American securities were quiet, and the only noticeable alteration was an improvement iu Michigan Southern. In mines Alfred Consols were principally inquired for, and Wheal Basset were quoted 51. lower. In joint-stock banks and miscellaneous securities the transactions were unimportant, and no variation occurred.
TRADE BEPOBT. Thursday Evening. SUGAR.-There were several sales of foreign sugar to. day, about three-fourths of wvhioh fonnd buyers on rather eaier terms. The following are the particulars :-Havannah, 1,853 boxes, brown, 40s. to 43s. 6d. ; low to good yeUow, 43s. to 49s.; Florettes, good and fine, 55s. 6d. to 58s.; Porto Rico, 252 Ibhds. 133 barrels, brown, 42s. to 43s.; low to good yelow, 44s. to 48s. 6d. ; good bright to fine grocery, 50s. to 53s. Gd.; Surinam, 237 hhds., low to mid. dling gray, 41s. 6d. to 43s. 6d. per owt. 145 hhds. of West India are reported privately. COFFE.-370 oasks and 120 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon of indirect import from Havre were at Auction to. day sold at the highest obtainable price, being a reduetion of 2s, to 3s. fromu the last publi sale-viz., low middling to middling, 64s. to 67s.; fine fine ordinary palish to coloury, 2s. Gd. to G3s, 6d.; aBnd triage, 54S. Gd. to 59S. 6d. per cwft. RicC.-The auctions to.day consisted of 4,790 bags Bongal, two.thirds of whlch were sold at 3d. decline-12s. for good middling white, and 10s. 3d. to lOs. 6d. for low to fair Dacca. Of 2,74@ bags Rangoon, for the sound part, 800 bags, 9s. 9d. was refused, held for lOs., but the remain. der, damaged, sold freely at 7s. 6d. to 9s. per cwt. Pri. vately 5,000 bags low Rangoon (weavilly) have been sold at 8s. 6d., and 6,000 bags good quality are also reported. 600 bags cleaned Java and 150 casks Carolina were withdrawn {or want of buyers. SALTPETRE.-No transactions of importance to report. T.LLO'.-The market opened firmer this morning. 57s. Was paid onthe spot and for the year, but at the close there were sellers at 56s. 9d. ; and at 57s. 3d. for January to March. COCHNHAL.-300 bags in public tle to-day were partly disposed of at a discount of 3d. per lb.; 123 bags Honduras silver, low orcinary to good, 3s. 6d. to 4s. 2d. per lb.; 10 bags Teneriffe silver, ordinary to good, 4s. 2d. to 4s. 7d.; 12i bags ditto black, ordinary to goo 4s. 5d. to 5s. per lb.: and the remainder ;3S bags) was withdrawn. TR&.-The sales comprised 13,792 packages, arranged as follows, viz. :-Congou, 5,971; scented caper, 1,098 ; poe. chong, 369; olong, 700; black leaf pekoe, 80; flowery pekoe, 155; orange pekoe, 323 ; scented orange pekoe, 824 - twankay, 629; hyson, 3S9; young hyson, 1,¢62; imperial. 87; gunpowder, G05. Of the above quantity about 3,500 packages were realized, 2,200 being boxes. The sales passed off without any material alteration, and in most instances rather easier rates were accepted. SILK.-Messrs. Darant and Co. report:-" The public sales commenced yesterday, and are concluded. The quantity offered was 1,200 bales Bengal silk and 7,500 ales China silk, including 270 bales Canton, and 200 bales Chinese thrown silk. At our sale of yesterday literally nothing was done, the whole being allowed to pass without a single bidding, all the Bengal and about 1,000 bales China being withdrawn. Some little was done after. wards by private contract, but nothig of consequuence. The sale of to-day shared almost the same fate. The Bengal silk was vithdrawn, and the China silk, with some small exceptions, was all bought in. Buyers, however, showed some disposition to take anything that was offered decidedly cinder market rates."
FISIT OF THE DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE TO SDBFFIBLD. ------ 4- After the Ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Climean monument at Sheffield on Wednesday, the Mayor (Mr. J. W. Pyo Smith) presented the following address to his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge on behalf of the Corporation of Sheffield:- "To ms BoYAXL HmEfssxs Tmr Dnus or CA?inserDos. "May It please your Royal EHihness,-We. the mayor, aldermen, And bnresesea o the borough of Sheffaeld, in CoosuU aswembled, dedre to testify the high respeot and esteem we entertain for your Royal Highnes, and to thank you most siucerely for yoUr promptitude and kindness In coutenting to come and lay the foundation stone of the monumesut whieh the inhabitante of this borough ar about to eroet to %be memory of those brave men, natUvee of bhefaeld and the neigh. bcurhood, who.fell In the recet war with Rusdia The occasion of your Royal EUghmeses viit is one of more than local Interest, and will, we hope, have the effeotof convincing the army and znvy-il any such assuanoe be needed -that their ervlies ara duly appreciated; that brave deeds, noble Actions, and unlalterlng devotion to duty aze a sure paeport to national sympathy and admiration: and that those who Perish In their countrys cause are nothastUy forgotten, but boe In the page of bistory and In tho affectJonu romem branoe of their grteful feUowr ountruenm The British nation may wellbe proud of tie brasyanrrid endurance dlsplaedbybothbr che3eerot iaein the late warwithRus in wrhich your R5oyal Highness bore a conspicuous past animating by your presence and enoouraging by lour exAmple those under your commoad, and, with an utter disegad to personal zatety, exposing youreelf to the dangers and brarlng the perils of that sanguiuary oon. ktt. In no period of our history were greater fesat of daring ever per. fozmed, or sufferings and privations endured with greater foettude, or victories ever won with greater honour ; and wlhUe it gives us lnexr presi,ble satisfaction to remember that among the braye and gallant m,en who took Dart in that memorable struggle many were natives of rhis town and tolghbourhood, and did theis duty like good and falthful roldiers, It in at the ame time a source of moturnful and luting regret toue thatnot afewsof them petishedIn the colis or died from the Effewt of bhdships and fatigue. "1 We fondly hoped that the termination of the war in the Crinea wouid have been foUowed by a lons continuanoe of peace; but the recent mutinous outbreaks In India have destroyed that hope, and made it necessay for our gallant foroe again to take the field. The rutrages sbst bave been Perpetrated by the rebeiloug fbpoys aIn the I rovinoe of Bengal and eome neighbouring places upon our felowcountrymen, and, worse than all, upon our helpless countrywomen and children, call aloud for prompt and summarr punsiasmenS, while the anarcby aud insubordination which nosw prevail must be put down vith a etroog hand, and without a mornent's Unnecessary dely. We feel aseursed that the British troops who re now at the rcene ot ation. and who have already covered themselves with glory, and thong who are hastening to joln them, will aot in a manner worthy of their ton renown, aud give to your Roya Hi1ghlnes as their Commander. Ln-Chef, and to the country at large, cause to be proud of their coumtry and achievements. We know their fired determination to conquer or perish In the attempt, and we earnestly pray that Almighty God wil crown their efforts with triumphant success, and that order and traquiUllty may speediy be restored, and the British rule more drmly cstabUshed than ever in that eplendid, but at present distrbed empir "In conclusion, we beg again to thank your Roya BEghnem for your presence here thin day, and to express our ardent wish that your Royal Highness may long retain the high and responsible office which you now so worthly AiU, and the proud distinction which you have acquired by your devotion to Its duties and your care for the comfort and wrifare of the entire army, office And men, without distiction or Partiality, of being regarded and evernwhere spoken of as IThe Soldier's Friend.' I The MASTER CUT?L?RB presentd to his Royal Highaes on behalf of the Ctitlers' Company the following address:- " To aMS ROYAL HIGsysaS TE D= OF CMAtrcDor, May it please your Royal Highaeas, We the master, wardens, earchezs, sistants, and eommonalty of the oorroration of cutlers in Hallashine, caunot allow your Royal Highneus' visit to Sheffield to take place without Availing ourselves of it to estify the very high respect we entertAn for your Royal Elighnee, and to thaak You. which we do most cordiatty, for your great conde:oenseon and kdndnemas mid the very Important matters wkich at the present crisi must press upon you to oome among us to lay the foundation tone of the monurment about to be ereoted in Sheffield to the momory of those our towomzneu who honourably fell in the Crinea In the late war with Ruia. "The signal services which 7our Royal ilghness performed in that war are still fresh in our memories, and render your presence here today peclarly gratifying to u. "We deeply regret that the mutinous outreaksw in parte of Her Majeste's empie iu India vhould so eoon after the hapDy termination of the sar with Rusdia have celed upon our gallant soldiers again to iake the field; and we doubt not that now, as before, they wil act in a manner worthy of their country and of their former achievementg, Po that through their instrunments3lty British rule in India may soon bere-established more firmly than ever. "That the same Almighty God who has preeerved Your Royal Highness amid the perils and privations of war may guide you here In the discharge of the high and responsdile duties of the CommanderinOhief of Her Maie3tfs foroes whichyouhold with somuch honour a-d credit to youself, and with so much satisfaction alike to our gaaxant soldiers and the British nation at large, and may recelve you hereafter through the merits of nur Saviour to the mandsons ot fs eternal glory, is our aincere aud heartfelt prayer." His Royal Highness the Duke of CA3lBRDGl rQMade the following reply:- Mr. Mayor, aldermen, and burgewes of the borough of Sheffield, I am exiremely sensible of the honour you have conferredupon. mein the presentatioof thetaddreees whick !have iustrecelvedatyour bands. I respond with pleasure to the Invitation niade to me by the inhabitants of thia borough to take a share In the ceremory of laying tho foundatIoa stoue of the monument about to be erectd to the memory of thowe brave men, inbabitants of Sheffield and it neigh bourhood, who feU in the recent oontest, such being the brightest compliment which could be paid to them, my late gallant companions in arms, with whom It wai my pride and satisfaction to be Associated. "Occasios of this kind, mournful though they be. cannot but be gratilying to our noble profession, and must stimulate the exertions of all to merit the good opinon of their fellow-countrymen. "With you I deplore the ssd events which have reCently taken place In India, and which have been attended by circumstances of the msost painful description; but I feel confident that, under Goda' blessing, we tiall oome triumDhant out of this fevrtal struggle, and that the power of this mighty empire will be further consolidated and ecured. No'hing can exceed the gallantry and devotion of that portion of our army enaageol in this unequal contest, and It will meet with the reward which it prizes more than all others-the approbation of Ito Queen and country. '1As head of the army, I cu asnsre you, gentlemen, that our gratest happiness is to perfosm our duty in a manner to secure he good opinion of the country, and it will be my anxious endeavour to keep alive this spirit, and to ralse the chacter of the army by every means Inmy ower." ( Loud cbeers.) At the call of the Mayorthreeheartyoeers werethen given for his Royal Highness. l The following is a description of tho monument of which the first stone was laid by his Royal Highnoss :-The design is by Mr. Goldie, of the firm of Weightman, Hadfiold, and Goldie, of Sheffield, architects. Theomonument will rise from a basement of a circular flight of four steps, with advenclag bastions for the Russian guns presented to the town bythe Minister of War. The lower portion of the monument is a square with advancing angle buttresses, on which will be inscribed the names of the commemorated, the intermedlate faces of the square containing bas-reliefs of the four principal events of the war, intended to b3 produced in bronze. A rich cornice composed of the rose, shamrock, and thistle crowns this portion of the composition. The upper and maln _portion of the design from this point assumes a character of great richness and embodies a complete record of tne alliance. In the centre, carried upon a rich cluster of nine shafts, richly bossed and capped, is a platform supporting a lofty niche, with four pediments elaborately crocketted, embracing pointed and capped arches. Above rises a steep stone roof, the under8side of which bevaulted likewiseoin stone, with sculptured bosses. Armorial bearings of the town will be produced in this portion of the work. A colossal statue, intended to set forth "Britainviotorious," is throned beneath the central canopy, one hand resting on a sword sheathed as for peace, and the other holding out to the victor the wreath of triumph. The bead of this statue will be a portrait of Her Mayesty the Queen. Bound about this central feature are grouped four pedestals sustaining niches which shelter typical statules of Ensgland, France, Sardinia, and Turkey. The contract has been taken by Messrs. Lane and Lewis, of Birminghaml, sculptors,
AN IRISH ERGiREER AT THE DEFENCE OF ARiAii. -The public have read with interest the accounts which bave already appeared of this extraordinary defence. They are, however, but imperfectly acquainted with the distingushed part taken by Mr. Richard Vicars Boyle, civil engineer-a native of Dublin, and a member of a familv bighly and most deservedly respectod-in the success of that defence and the preservation of the European residents. The Calcutta EBiglishman contains a letter written at Arrah, two days after the relief of the little garrison, from Mr. Richard Vicars Boyle, In whose fortified house the Burom peans and the Sikh police at this station found refuge, which gives a brief but graphic account of the noble stand made by the refugees for seven days against Rajah Koer Singh, at the head of a force of disCiplined Sepoysa nd insurgents of one hundred times their number. It is a singular feature in this memorable defence that not one of the sixteen Europeans in the little garrison was a military man I This is the more remarkable when we consider that the defence was characterized as much by military skil as by heroic courage. Barricades were raised, the walls strengthened to withstand the cannon, and the enemy's mine -was countermined in a manner worthy of a military engineer. "It was to Mr. R. V. Boyle's cngineering skill and untiring exertions," to use the words of Mr. Wake's report, "that the garrison in a great measure owed their preservation." The Europeans, although few in number, comprlsed the judge of the district and other valuable lives. These all have, under Providence, been preserved by the foresight and skill with which Mr. Boyle fortified and provisioned his little fort. But it is impossible to read the recent accounts without seeing the important bearing this defence has had upon the whole camupaign. It had the effect of delaying for the space of seven days the advance uP the country of Rajah Koer Singh at the headof 2,500Sdsciplined Sepeys, and about the same number of his own adherents, until the rebels were defeated and the garrison was relieved by the gallant band from Buxar, under Major Vincenti Eyre. The army and civil servants of the Government justly engross much the greater share of the public honours, because they have much the greater power and opportunity of rendering public service; but when such pnblic service has been effected by a volunteer, we cannot but think, especially in such a crists as the present, that the Government of this country will but do their duty in advising the Queen to bestow upon Mr. Richard Vicars Boyle some signal mark of distinction.- Evenning Posg. [Advertisement.1-The Chief of Quacks-A Voice from Les0enball-stret-Tho Dead-leok In Americ-Death on the rallway EDgine-Ful 1'articoians of the Late Battles In India-TheoWaterloa. big ,itery : F~urther Meais of Identifying the Woma-n A Doubt about t he olthes; suppos Trace or the Longs of theViotlm-Grea, Indian Reform Meeting at Cilcutta-Meoianslc' Insttutes Union aud the Test ot Merit-Treatened Cholela Outbreak: Precautlonary Measores-Tho Dluke of CamLrldge on the War In Indl&-Arnericsn Moor tauy Panlc, kn See Lloyd'a Weekl London Newspaper. Eldited by Biancb5rd Jerrohl. Average weekly sale l80,i . Established 1843. Contains C ooltmus of the mosat aied and Interrtlaog futelllgeneos Prieted by Hoe's feAt Anerican DintIng maebne at the cate of 1 ,500 copies Der boor, thereby enabling the pubUcatlon of noew to the latest moment (nausb lter than any othet newaaper). Price 2d.i of any news tA asmaple, sn t fDre on rece dL of tic tua.,2d1, IS#Jbn y-:u=%c lftna,n
ARRIVAL OF THE INDIA MAILS AND PASSBNGERS. SOUTHAMPTON, THuSDAY. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ripon, Captain R. Dundas, with the heavy portion of the East India mails, in charge of Lieutenant Robins, R.N., arrived this morning, having left Alexandria on the 7th inst., Malta the 11th, and Gibraltar the 16th. She brought a total of 140 passengers,-viz., 55 first-class, 14 secoad-class, and 71 children, servants, &o.; a list of those from India was published in The Times of Saturday, and the remainder are from Alexandria, Malta, &c. The Ripon's band was playing merrily as she came to her berth at the dock-wharf, and the scene was one of the liveliest interest, handkerchiefs waving over the bulwarks and out of the portholes of the ship as passenger after passenger recognized among the crowds on shore some relative or friend who had come to welcome them once again on British soil, and to congratulate them on having escaped the misery and death which so many of their less fortunate countrymen had lately boen called on to endure. As soon as the vesel ras alongside numbers of people flocked on board, each struggling to be the earllest to receive with open arms their respective friends, and the saloon and deck were in a few minutes as thickly populated as their limits wonld permit. The first demonstrations of affectionate gree'.ing over, the next thing was to return to the shore, anid the vessel was almost cleared of all her pas. sengers, together with the more temporary visitants, within an hour of her making fast to the dock-quay. The Mayor of Southampton (Ur. J. White), the REv. N. Cotton, the Rev. W. H. White, and other members of the local relief committee, with Captain Engledue (Peninsular and Oriental Company's superintendent), were an:ong the earliest who went on board ; but, as was the case with the two former arrivals, per Colombo and Indus, no oppor. tunity was afforded for the exercise of theirwell-intentioned liberality. The belief strengthens on each occasion that this will be the general rule, the claw of persons who come home from India by these mail steamers being in a position to require nothing beyond that temporary assistance whilch is rendered to them at Calcutta, and wvhither, therefore, a considerable proportion of the Mutiny Fund should be forwarded to meet the emergencies which may there arise. This course seems the more necessary, too, from a perusal of the facts reported from Calcutta in She Times of yesterday in reference to the proceedings of the relief committee in that city. Besides the mails and passengers, the Ripon brings on freight nine packages of specie, value 28,8501., and a cargo consisting of 2 casea of tortoiseshell, 13 packages of elephants teeth, 1,979 packages of silk, 22 cases of shawls, 6 quarter-casks of wine, and 95 packages of sundries. On tho night of the 10th inst., off Malta, the Bipon ex. perienceda heavy gale from the N.W., with much thunder and lightning; and again on the 12th she met with the same sort of weather off Cape Bon. On the pasage home from Gibraltar she has had variable and exceedingly dirty weather from S.W. and N.W., with heavy rains and squalls; the latter part of the voyage strong broezes from N.E. and N.W. The weather was so thick yesterday off Portland that she could not proceed. At 6.30 a,m. yesterday the Ripon passed the Indus, with the outward India maiL Her Majesty's ship Tartarus was at Alexandria, the Hibernia at Malta, and the Curlew at Gibradtar. Advices from Gibraltar are to the 16th inst. Wednesday, the 14th, was, by command of the Governor, kept as a day of public humiliation and prayer, in connexion with the recent events in India, Business was aspended, and divine service performed at the various churches and chapels, the Bishop of Gibraltar preaching at the cathedraL| The subscriptions in aid of the Mutiny Fund were progressing satisfactorily. Exchanges at Glbraltar were quoted as under on the 10th :-London, 90 days' date, 50 13-16; Paris, ditto, 5f.38c.; Marseiles, ditto, 5f. 39c.; Genoa, ditto, 5f. 39c. ; Madrid, eight days' sight, 15 dis.; Cadiz, ditto, I dis,; Malaga, ditto, par; Seville, ditto, a dis.; Alicante, ditto, j dis.; Valencia, ditto, A dis.; Barcelona, ditto, A dis. Spanish Pillared Dolars, 3: per cent. premium.-none. (In demnand.) CArolus, 15., per cent.-none. (In demand.) The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Colombo, Captain Field, with the India and China mails of the 4th, put into the Bay at 6 30 a.m. on the 11th, in seven days from Southampton. IHer detention was caused by a terrific storm in the Bay of Biscay, which lasted for three saccessive days. The Colombo lost three horses, one of them being carried overboard in its stall; a boat was washed away, a number of sheep and poultry drowned, and nearly all the ship's skylights were smashed. She resumod her voyage to Malta and Alexandria at noon the same day. The British steamer Teneriffe, with a general cargo for Gibraltar, Sicily, and the Adriatic ports, arrived in the Bay on the morning of the 14th, in six days and a-half from LTverpooL The screw steamer Bo30tia, Captain Haram, put in on the morning of the 14th, on her way from Liverpool to Malts and Alexandria. She encountered a very heavy storm, which continued for three days, the whole of which time the steamer was obliged to lie to. On the night of the 7th a sea struck her on the starboard bow, carried away stanchions and bulwarks, and washed overboard the fore. cale hatch. On the morning of the 9th the storm abated, and the weather afterwards becoming fine enabled her to make for Gibraltar. All were wel on board, She was repaired and proceeded on her voyage the same afternoon. The British steamship Rhone, Captain Glover, which arrived In the Bay on the forenoon of the 15th in seven days from Liverpool, was ln coHlision with a French vessel in the Straits on the previous night, and took into port the greater part of her crew. The schooner Charlotte Ann, Captain G. Gyles, 34 days from Round Island (Labrador), with codfish for Ancona, put into the Bay on the 8th with loss of bowsprit. The A merican bark Edward Cohen, Captain Z. Burgess, 19 days from Leghorn, with marble and rags, from Philadelphia, put in on the 10th rather leaky.
THE COBiY TXADR. RnA'ltnN n- 91 Tho weather has been fine for the season, and field oporatlons are progres3ing satisfactorily. The corn-markets in this district have been welU supplid with wheat. incl ding a considerable proportion of inferior ramples, and the trade ha, been dull at a decline of Is. to 3s. per quarter. At Spalding yeeter4ay there wee a large ebow of wheat, but fine qualities were taken freely at a decline of Is. to 2z. per quarter. At Lynn yesterday therm was a good eupply of wheat, the oondition of which wes somewhat affeoted by the weather. and prices receded Is. to 2s. Per quarter. At Fewmsrket salerdajy farroers refused to make a further declhne than Is. per qiiaster. At to-day's maLrket there wae bht little wheet offering. Prices are noted Is. to 2s. per qnarter lower. but the trade Is very Ulmited, many of the growers reftusing to do busine3s on those terms. Oats scarce, and fully as dear. Beans and other graun in demand, at ftll Pricem. The rol!ow.-ing are the quo3talons :-Ifewr white w heat, 52s. to 56s.; new redt Ss. te 54s.: ne w oets,22e.bto ss .& toold b s 50 barlney, 40)s to 46s.;pea-. 40s.to4ls. n,is SO. ast official averages at Boston :-Wheag, 2,476 quarters at 52PA Sd.- Oats, 433 quarters, at 25e. 5d.; beans 470 quarters, at 47s. 7d. harley, 130 quarters, at 37sa Sd.: -eas, 1,263 quarters, at 44s. 4d. BARNSLEY, Ocr. 21. At this day's market there was a lberal disDlay of whest, much of It onutof orenditlon. and the bulk of It unnsdeable, though offered at a redicetion of Is. per lead (2i. Sd. per quantcerl ; sound old and new quaties 6d. per load lower. Beans and peas unaltered in value. (lOt scarce, but aull. At Wakeield fat cattle-rarcket today there was a good ahow ol stock, whieh met a slow saale at last week's rates. Beet, 7a. to 7s. 6d. per stone of 141b; a few prlime beasts made 7s. 9d. ; mutton. 6Od. to 7id. There was a geed eupply of lean stock and pigs, wvhich met a ready sale. NEWARK, Ocr. 22. The weatber b bheeu damp, and this affects the condition of wheat. The pestures look exoeedingly fresh. At this corn-exchange tbore was a fair show of wheat, wheih sold at a docUne of 2s. per quarter on the prices of last week. In barley very little alteratioD, good malting sanmples making 46s., end grioding 389. per quarter. Oats made the fuU rates of last week. Beans it moderate supply, without alteration in value. Pr'ices -While wheat, S2s. to 54e.; red ditto. 52s, to 5ie.; malting barley, 44s. to 46s.; 4rnding, la1e to 3ls.; toato, l3O to 3&t; beans, ol 52s. to 54s.; peas, 445a. to Ote. : malt, 73e. to Soc3. Per qurter. BRISTOL, OcT. 22. At to-day's market the supply of vibeat was iarge, and sold slowly at a decline of ls. to 2s. per quarter. Foreign more in request at last week's prices. Fine malting barley fully as dear; grlnding seUs freely. Indian corn and beans firm, but the demand not active. Oats oontinue dull, with vMnue unobanged. GDOCESTER, Ocr. 21. The supply of English wheat to this and the neighbourin-g markSets Is fully equal to the demand, and prices have given way ls. to 26. per quarter on English and Is. per quarter on foreign since tbis day e'nnibght. Barley both maltio and grnuding finds buyere at late rates. Oats sell eowly at a deciee ofabout 6d. per quarteron the week lndian oorn Is held for as ad-sage of 64 to 1s. Dur quarter. Bes3s in fair request. EDINBURGH, Ocr. 21. At this mnorning's market there wee a plentiful suTpply of grain, but the tradeo Te depressed, except for the bedt sanelesf of w5'eas for seed. whIch obtained rather moro moosy. Prices to-day -Wfheat, 30m. to 76b.; barley, lOs. to 43n. 6d.; oats, tOe. 6d. to 34b.; heans, 42be to 51. prer qua rter. At thecattle-market to-day the eelsof7 both beasts end Fheep w.as dulL, and many remialed unsrold, Beef, is, fed. to &s 3d. per stone; sheep, is. pee Lead lewer; pigS, . 63 d. to 7r.. per stone.
TH1, FOREIGN PRESS ON INDIAN MUTINIES. (From the Dgbatc.) T/he Times givesvent to a bitter complaint agalnsttheFrencd press, which it reproaohes with not endeavouring to oonceal tho selfish pleasure it derires trom the embarrassments and misfortunes of England in India. The sanguinary and, hitherto, unsuccessful struggle (lutte mdheureswc) which our neighbours have maintained for the last six months againsb their revolted subjects of Bengal offers a spectacle to the world great enough and novel enough to explain the difference of opinion and sentiments which it has called forth in Europe, and especially in Franoe. As far as we ourselves are concerned, without our ever having shared in the language of the systematic and passionate abusers which England has met with in the French'press, we thought we were fulfilling a duty in stating a truth which, acording to all appearance, had long sinoe crossed the Channel; and we acknowledged that the movement caused in public opinion. by the state of affairs in India was not favourableto England. We stated that mevement of public opinion, and we hara considered it according to our own particular impre3Eions; we have done more than that, we thought it just and necessary to associate ourselves thereto to a certain extent But we spoke in perfect independence, in the fuA freedom of our personal appreciations, without any feeling at all akin to prejudice, or national or potimcal animositr against England. We never submitted passively either on this occasion or on any other to the yoke of pubHc opinion; we flatter ourselves that we have established our independence otherwise than by words and high-sounding professions (professions de foi). In this respect we are not opert to any censures from English journals in general, nor from T2e Times in particular. We can make this reply as far as we are personally concerned in the accusations brought by T7e Times against the French press. We believe we may say that The Times i mistaken as to the real state of the question, and that it considers too exclusively in its own particular point of view the sentiment which has manifested itself in public opinion towards England. First, 2Vis Times is wrong in supposing that there are French journals which rejoice at hearing that English officers, English women, and children are msscred by Sepoys. In saying so The Times is unjust towards thosa journals vwhich have shown themselves the most violbnL and passionate enemies of England; and our impartiality compels us to protest even in the name of the Univeers and of the Gaeite de France, In Fr;.^e, as in England, there ate not two sentiments, not two opinions, on the atrocities of which India has been the theatre; and it is cerain tha' the horrible narratives brought by every mail have stirred up every heart and mind. The Times confounds two things which the public conscience has clearly distinguished and separated one from the other-It confounds the cause of humanity, so cruelly outraged in India, and the cause o£ English policy, which has been blamed and censured else. where than in France, and which, at all events, cannot pre_ tend to be above criticism. The English journal is deceived, and is under a stitl greater iUlluion when it attributes to envy the sort of un. popularity which at present exists among us as regards England. The Times might have found the cause of that unpopularity in certain well-known incidents which have so unfortunately compromised and disturbed the amicable relations of France and England. It ought to have taken. into account, and into very great account, the IrritationL which the selfish and violent (pa&ionmec) policy of Lord Palmerston has caused not only in France, but on the whole of the continent. It should have asked itself whether the English press had always sufficiently spared tho just and honourable susceptibilities of France, and if it did not hurt them violently on that recent occasiont when, to justify the opposition of Lord Palmerston, the confidential organ of the Premier declared "that the French Government might any day send from its ports through the Suez Canal a numerous fleet to attack and invade the English empire of India." Instead of examining that important question, the Englsh journal found it more slmple to ascend the Capitol by writing this sentence, which is so naively replete with Britannic pomp and pride:-" It is impossible that an island like ours should bring up ar empire which extends over the five great portions of the globe, and contains 220,000,000 souls, without drawing upon itself the envy and the hatred of Its neighbours." A most admirable and handy system, for it serves to lower its neighbours from the very height to which It strives to raise itself up ! The Times quotes the clever expression of a French writer on the question before us: *-" Let England be well advised of it, she 13 not loved; she is too selfish for her misfortunoe to be considered as family misfortunes by the other nations, and she has been too successful not to be greatly envied." The English journal extracts from the above opinion all that whichflattersits nationalvanity, and It contemptuously rejects the truth which displeases it, apparently because it is the truth. " Selfish or not," says that journal, "it is no less true that it is to her success and her prosperity that England must attribute the invective; launched against her." Thus all the blame is for those who do not admire England exclusively, and not a word is to ba said against the wisdom, grandeur, nobiity, magnanimty, and disinterestedness which our neighbours have displayeo in the government of India and elsewhere. Once more, we speak without bitterness, without passion, with all that impartiality of which we have so often given proof; but Vre think that the proud (orguedieux) language of the English journal will not be favourably received in France, and that it will not contribute to bring back public opinion from the feeling of ill-will (preentions) which it has latterly coaceived towards England. [The above article Is signed, " L. Alloury."]
XATIONAL STANDARD THEATRE. Tragedy and serious drama are now in the ascendant at this theatre, where they will endure till Christmas brings its pantomimes, and pales all other means of attraction. The repertory of Air. James Anderson and Aiss Eisworthy comprises not only the ordinary stock, but also the Robbcrs of Schiller, and Mr. Anderson's own drama, Cloud and Sunshin4, which was brought out with great success last year, and is now one of tho best acted, best mounted, and most attractive pieces of the series. The manly vigourof Mr. Anderson's acting has always been admired by the Standard public, and his re appearance after his return from America is hailed as a welcome event. As for Miss Elsworthy, her career has been one of steady, ua. deviating progress, and her delineation of the haughty Countess in Clouds and Sunshinzc is reaUy an excellent performance, whether we consider the propriety of deportment or the judicious delivery of the words. The success of Mr. John Douglass as Wiliam in BIac*yced Sulsa has induced him to favour his patrons with another sailor-one " Ben the Boatswain'-the hero of a melodrama of the same name, well known in the outskirts of the metropolis. As this popular personage he goes through every manifestation of joviality and pugnacity in that hearty, unsophisticated, rough-and-ready style that distinguishes his; nattical representations from all others on the boards.
T}IE CO.L.wili'pEiRs AcT.-The report of the select comtmiittee of the Houso of Lords, appointed to in. quire Into the operation of the Coalwhippezs Act, the 14th and 15th of Victoria, and into the state of the trade of coalwhippers sinco the expiration of that Act, was yesterday published in the forma of a blue-book. The report prper Ls brief. The committee opine that the present condition of the whippers, as a class, is deserving of consideration, and tbha the grievances alleged are, In part, susceptible of remedy ; but, so far as their complaints relate to the insufficiency of employment, and a consequent depression of wages, the oommittee oonsider their grievances to be beyond the province of legislation. They do not concur in the e:;X pediency oE reviving the Act of 1843. The committee consider that tho complaints of thbe coalwhippers of the hardships suffered from the dealings in pothouses, vhere thetr eDgagementsare contracted and their wages are received, aye entitled to the ear of arlirament, and it is recommended that a penally be Imposed oni all shipowners, shipmasters, or publicans carrying on the objectionable practice. . regsster of labour is suggested for this purpose, open to the inspection of the Board of Trade. This report is quite coincident with that of the select cosamittee of the House of Commons noticed in Th6 Tfnus of the 12th of August. It was ordered to be printed by the Mouse of Commons on the 21st of August. The only dissentient from the report of the Lords' committee appearls to have bee3n the Lord R>ossie, wiho twVice divided the committee, to be left in a minority of one. Mr. W. Cladstone, MJ'., wgas one of the w itness exsamined. Wc exceedingly regret to announce the death of MrCharles Cotesvvorth, which took place yesterday under moso painful circumstances. We learn that the deceased gentleman left his home yesterday morning in his usual health He was transacting some business in his private office in Tower-buildings about 1 o'clock, when some of the derks in tho outer office observed him stagger, and immediately ran to his assistance, being enabled to save him before he fel] to the ground. Medical assistance was at once sent for, a'id on Dr. Petrie arriving it was found that the unfortr,n%to gexntleman was seized with a fit of apoplexv. IDr. Chs',mers, Mr. Cotesworth's family adviser, and Dr. P. Rams7.y were al-o called in, and rendered all the relief in thei'- power; but after lingerIng in a state of almost unconscio asness for nearly two hours Mr. Cotesworth expired. T},e necesity of a coroner's inquest has been obviated by a certificate frosm the medical gentlemen, stating that J ea.h was the re:sult of apoplexy. Mr. Cotesworth was 05 years of age; he was one of the leading shipowners of t nis port, and he held a high position in connexion with v arions mereantile associations. He was the principal of th e firm long known uLder the title of Messrs. Cotesworth, Wynne, and Lyne, wl-o are extensively engaged in the Sg nth American trade, aLd also owners of screw steVmers tJ ading between Liver. po-. and Portugal. Mr. Cotesworth was a Conservative in politics, and took an retivo p the charitable and redli gieus tuovements of tllq dVZ3,-4i cpoo Couq-i4i,
ER M JET ' TZIBATRH. E Julliesa's Con' Mal.JtyTreffz.M. J ULLIENI bat the honour to uanonnc that hisi Ax 4AL SERIES of CONCERTS WIll oommence on Frlda. the Both ot October, antI thakt hae has secured the 2ertlos of th oelobrats Lieder Bangeslen, TMdlle. Jetty ToefE?_ Prospectu rnay be had at the box.offle Of ths theatre; and tb ue,14 RgoMt-etret Priss Of dadielOjn :-Promenode a, uhll5box 1 a.' aUt th dess circle, 2s. frI.; private O boxes, ld rS a WUdUWr ifzAte bOxsd to be secmred at the box'ofiice of the theBatre; at all the princifAl librariez tAnd muaimelles and a uie and Co.'s, 214, et.. et n ER MAJEST5THATE.rOvincial ~Tour. .-Dablin, Manchieeter.4stalian Opem -PioolocaluL. Sprea AAOrtoisni. LuochoaL, Bell-6:ti. Roect,VieaottL, Aidighieri, and Giugnal.-Dublln, ooameacing k7t- 12; iIXaneheater fzom Nov. 2 to tha 7th inclutsive. ~ B. nd Mr. CHALES DLLONwill apar thnedeeyevening unsti further noice t thoTear ral Maehoter frm there they will proc.w on a tour through Ueelan an reurnto London to oomtmence the dramsatio e Ao at theRoyal yceumThestre on blondsy, Da3ceiber 21ot. All Oomnnnnalon repetig eugegemaento to be ddremsd to Mr. V. B. ~atlrto, Seretry,Tbeatre Hoyal, Mfanchester. 71i~EAmE ROYAL, AYIAUKET.-Silib .5. nsy ediwk, ontiuingto e rceved with eenthusisam in %he Chaacer f onsane,In the comedy of THE LOVE OR AII will Tepeet that performarnoa for the last two nliebt.-TEIS EVENING and TO mo0rrow, Sit Williamt Fonidlove, Mr, Chirp?ndWoe: Wildyake. Mr. Howe; Muter Wellor. Mgr. W. Fanren: Trueworth. bit. Rogers: Constance, Mitt Amy fiodawick : Lydia, Mms Ruokukiubara Vioiteo Widow Greea, Mrs. B*. Mr,vton l(by terotesson of Messra. Phellps uxnd Oreenm d After which. BOX AND OOX. Box. Mr. Buckstone Cox. M;r.- orupton. To bs followed by MAKE YOUR WILLS, 1: ubcla W. Buosetone will tustain hi, origin.l chartater of josplh §BW Conoluding with the Spanish ballet of THE GALICIA', r E. On Monday next.Oct. 26.MissAny Selew.ck willirepeat e, Weatly SUccesfalplerforasinnco ofPauline in TheLady of Lyona THEATRE ROYAb, ADWE-m.UBnparalleJi~ deate attraction o Mr. T. P. Cooke. and the nueoslqu "e1, the farourite nauticle drama of 91ac.-oyed finean. he bas meat kindi, coosented to renew bila engagemseng fov one week more, being hi. l1at apTarance,c..&te Wribht end Mr. Paul Bedford every right. TEUS VENLG, UG NTPRIVATE AFFAIR;': by lice",, Wright, Pasul Bedford., Misc Arden, and Alithe Aary Keeley. Afte which, for the last time,, BLACK-EYED SUSAN. in whic' Mrf. T. P. Cooke will mitIam his original eharsoter of William, an( wil l sng "Bound 'Prentice to a Coasting Ship.' and dance with Nlisa Arden bia celebrated double hornipte ; other eavaeotere by Messr. Wright. P. Bedford. 0. Selby. Gaerden. FEilllngtton. MIser Axen and WAry Keeley. And WELCOME, LITTLE STRANGER: M$STSr. Wright. P. Bedford, Mmr. Chatterly, and Mlise Arden. On Monday next (fcat time), a new and original aprup- sketch, cailed Thu Drapery QoLsation: or. Whos' for IniAl? P QYAL PRNCESSs' THfEATRE. -THIS EVEINGanddutugthewee S'dtpo.ve' play o1 THES TEMPST.Boos o Shaapers' sly o The Temperst sas arrnged forrtpssetaton t te RyelPrice'',Theatre, with Not,es by Mr. Chasle Kee, maye hadat la bc oflc 01tthetheareto nIsea ic. eaeih. ~OYA LYCUM THEATRE~.-Under the .8..u Jint anaemet of Idles Louiae Ppse and Mlr. W. Harrison.- Lease.Mr.ChalesDillon.-THIS EV.'NUNG. Verdi's l.taw' Opera TRVATORE.PrincIpal ctar.ctereby Mpadauo Caradori. .%lt.. Sna.nPysr, MuH. resott; hreezrs. F. Gisver. Augustus Br-ah-:. alwr'h c odco.f.Afe Meilo-,. Tee nohudowltl, P VERY E,OSAIAR orsoe t7 commence At ball raat.Bxofc nndal rmI o5 ~T. JMES'aTHEATRE--OpLra ]3uffit Itialians -Sgo LBnai Director of trio R-1.. TheAtmes sf Tu3rin. totthehonur o anoucezhat thu ch,ove THEATRE uniJi OPEN orTuesay.Nc, 3.for WITER sEA,SONT yr It"alin Op;era Buffs. I-, ke rodcedina eyleofperf.-ct conrulete-ce inon .ve depertm.-nt. Thcospur iclud, th mot ruowun ed llfticle,, in Italy in ihis leme 'e te lrcldrama' aud the cpryrae to be pr.nduc.-.. ae sele~tedl rom .ietiewbich,.althouth enjoyine t1he vroaxs4optiularity and celebrity InZsysa!lmostentirely newto th;s mcuntry. It isintendedtIlit pez cipal theatree of Milan. t'lo,ence. Rome. u.rmtnwtinople. end Naples. who ha'e already been-seurol hyp tee ivo j.c:-.o.-' l.e.5. Mlarla Tenctoni, Adele Cesariini. Lulgia Tan citrini, Caroline l3ellcelo. Glureppe Dordoui. Enrico Giorcett,, L,igi i/err 'rio, Giulio Colorel,o Carnevali De Giorgi, Curare Castelli.Ocep Ci mPl. V,r-mlzo Gill II celebee BufLs Nepolll.an,o. a-id otbrsyber of estsblrlele repuzteBioa, Conductor. Slinor Aibs-er, E.l.r-y;MA.iro Cencelct-tso. Signor Augueto VianeelI; Sugert'e- Pzutrwi 0 1l1. Scenic Artsa 8lguor MoSe; CoDtumier. SigInor B..-,.glia. The li,st rereercentutlon wil consst f te Oera uff byPro.rc ntlCIL) . ELLA. tto be foliuo,c. by Del.uttig laslsl opreta, i. C t N'.A'ILLO. S.ibscrlptl ~ for ne ont 11 reresetetsns-stlis Iigurimsa; grand tier. 0~ guIeas pi ter,48 uIeas; on,i ter,41guineas. oubacripti-n fOr I rpseenteion, o fo altrrae wereor cights-grond use.. 35 guInea,; pit ties ' 25 guines eem o, 5gIeas. The imci speeus nd fll artiulas ma be~btssotAtir. Mitchell's Ropslibrry.33.OldBondstrst.weee euorrstiinswill he roooivel. VFHE MARYLE BONE 'IHEATRE.-ContinuTd J Succes of Mlr. end Mrna. Oslr%nre lolt. They will appear THIS ZVZNING (Friday)Iin TIdE LA.DY OF LYONS. Cla,zde MelInotte. MIr. Clarance Hnit; P&.1di0e. Mrs. Clarence Edlt. SuipportAd by the entize strength, of the cormpany. To conclude with SIMO-N LEE. R OYA~LSOHO TIIEATRE. -MAY POLL AND MY PARITINTE)t IJORT. TTHIVS E~VEPIA With the vRea-e farc of FORTUNE'S FROLEW. I,, rnib, Mr. Mlowbecy and 'liLc Hele Loe willapDear. Sta1lsa. s; boxea, s.; pit,lIn. Half-price t 9. To be Let for Benefit,. RAT NATIONAL STA.NDARD TH_EATfRE, G8horedlitch.-THIS EVENIN(. CLOUD4 AND SUNSHINE. with new and pleudid scenesy. dreris, &r.. to whIcht Mr. Jae,e' Andemsn and MTe Elowozthy wil 3ppear. To concludle w th TILE THREE THIEVES. THEATRE ROYAL,, HAYMARIKET. lUnder the Management of Air. Bockttone. THI3 EVENING, THE LOVE CHa SE: A.iu-re. Howe, ChlpD'.ndale, W. Parren, Rocors, do. ; Afeslaciee Anry Ssdgwiok, Burt~ inigham While Islarston, &cc. After which. BOIX AND C0X: i:r. Bucktrene ana Mr. Compwon, With MAKtIE YOURt WILLS. Aud THug GAJICICAN FXTE. Commence at?7. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPIII, Propretor Mr. . Wester;Direre's Mair Colecte. THIS VafNNtt, RISET PIcVATEAFFAIRSi: Mfepr,. Wrigh, P. edfor. Wih BLAK.EYsI) tU r&N : Mosonr, T. e. Cooe. risit P.Bedord Pile,e rdo- nd ary Keeley. A-I WELCOE. LITLE TRANGR: Mcsrp.W,ght, 2l. HedlOd. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEA.TRE. 'Under the Managemeut of Mr. charles Keen. THIS EVENING will he rnrseito-d ShCrn1reis'd play ot THE T-ETPEST. Preceded by LIVINJlG TOO FAhIP. ROYAL OLYMPIC THR1ATRE. Leeee, Hece. . toionandW.S. Emden. THISEVEING(fith ired a ow s,ndp.by Adoipaus C. borogh. nd MSANLLLO.Masaello Hr.F. Eo;baoo. C,.,s meuce at baII'pasl?.eat Alfpas TBAROYA RYLYEMTAT. 1.tarlan PrescottT.rou and MicSsnth. ocnld eisA Toitb. SERIUS FFAB..Doos oen s?:ojmcenAud TRICKSA `~ D HASTREY' ROYAL, AMHIHADTR.'SWL. Under the Slanaseree ofMr. WPlidmLgoe. THIS EVEN~ING. aS Yow LIKE. IquT.na Jej' les,M. Pelps' TEano WARe MR.A.L oanr.;h ht Orno. r. of. tob. riinsn -Arn which, or es T. C Hba,rrma; ResIn, Mrs.uCiu `Y'.unge; Ceila, Il J. gbea star.AnderAN AAm rMica. Oo ACRIoFICt . SU CRRESPTNDENTSE. o L euTies, iesred eised ol end Creandw hao. d i thIS P eEIG ofaISIIi co ry w theTou n the imTore tansp HeffIxeti Ud.B.Pter:th aetdelwrd. r Creg wlatot: Cronnte PostVollie:Cateie (N o werOs,i Tis,H.sEb ran smUPissibl byO pst t Blery itudahk H.loWiesaddforeignd RcKSuntrie Lessutee ipessaaer, a-mp. WlimCoe THI teVnaeanIdG adnw resd of ulictrite;not petle.entl"YS THoWr pulctRiL:, or. Ths Wha gurnere of this Prdairithtwhih Scanesot theArtaena to rturong rejc .e Jaumes oinaton,sth of The pulcTimesf Tis red oomnced tot4d., andthat 5ed. i morufed. Under tihe amende regultetiont ofth
LONDON, FBIDA Y, OCTOBER 23, 1857. .--b One of the most assuring signs of social improvement at the present day is the patriotic un;animity of all classes and conditions of men wvh( n any great national interest is at stake. The;e are persons who affect to deplore the declih,e of party; who look back to the days when youn;r gentlemen entered the House of Commons to aupport the hereditary politics of their family, and alternate orators on the right and left of the SrsAsxR bandied quotations from Horace with a graceful wave of the hand. But we have certainly gained something in exchange for the decayin)g traditions of Whig and Tory. As party spirit has lessened public spirit has increased. The nation acts as one man on aily great occasion, whether it be to relieve a suffering army or to carry out an Exhibition of Art, to educate the child or to reform the criminal. We have had before to speak of the universal good feehig which has been manifested on the subject of the Indian Mutiny. The Government and the army, the press and the people, have from the first moment been of one mind, and have worked together like parts of the same great machine. More than on any previous occasion the public has been taken into the confidence of its rulers, and the consequence has been a spirit of devotion and a resolve to sustain the honour of the country of which all classes may be justly proud. One of those meetings which are a feature of the society of the present time has given his Royal Highness the Duke of CADIBP.IDGs an opportunity to make known his opinions on the subject which now occupies the minds of us alL The Duke visited Sheffield on Wednesday for the purpose of laying the foundation-stone of a monument to the memory of the soldiers belonging to the town and neighbourhood who fell in the Crimea. The remembrance of the disasters and glories associated with that corner of the earth might well give a deeper interest to all that fell from the lips of the COMMwNDER -Ni CHIEF at the conclusion of the ceremony. Three years ago we were engaged in a deadly struggle which had found us ruLprepared, but which the energy and the resolution of the country were to carry through to a succesful issue. The present hour finds us in a similar position, but with a similar certainty of triumph. Now, indeed, the contest is on a larier field, at r. greater distance from our shores, and we are embarked in it without allies, except among the native Princes who remain faithful to their allegiance. Yet the success will be even more rapid than before, and, inasmuch as we shall have done the work ourselves, the credit will be greater and the moral influence more lasting. The COM5sANfDER-.INCHIEF spoke in a frank and manly tone. It was the English utterance of an English heart. Such a speech, on such an occasion, shows how much we have advanced during the last few years in the mutual sympathy of classes; how entirely the policy which divided the army from the people, and " kept it out of sight," has been abandoned. On the subjects on which his audience desired to hear his opinions the Duke was not silent. The great anxiety to the chief military authority in a free country must be to obtain a supply of recruits. Everything else is easy in comparison. There is wealth to maintain armies, skill to organize 'em, statesmanship to direct them ; but tc get men where every man is a free agent is the difficult task. Where a population is fond of independence and domestic life, where the wages of the farm or factory compete with the pay of the barrack, the military authorities can have no sinecure. Vain will be the chivalrous enthusiasm of the educated and refined unless they can impart it to the classes wbich form the rough strength of the nation. Vain will be exhortations to support the honour and dignity of the State unless they lead to measures which will make artisans and ploughmen willing to enlist. NVo are happy to record, on the highest authority, that the exertions of the last few weeks have not been without their effect. The narratives which have been laid before the public, the general horror and indignation that have been excited, and the activity of those who have influence with the labouring class, are now drawing recruits to the army in numbers not inadequate to the occasion. We do not wish to raise the voice of jubilee too soon, or to fancy that one swallow makes a spring. But such an assurance as that given by the Duke of CAMBRIDGE may certainly be communicated to the country with a comment expressive of satisfaction. " The " only subject," said his Royal Highness, " which of late has given me anxiety, was "the recruiting for the army. I must, how"ever, tell you-for there is nothing like being "frank and open with you-that the ordinary "recruiting for the army is progressing in a manner w which is perfectly incredible. The ordinary means "of recruiting have in two days alone produced 800 men. That is a freat fact. It is a result which "was never obtained during the Russian War; a iresult which was never equalled in the military "history of the country." This intelligence will, we are sure, be received with satisfaction and pride. We say with pride, for we cannot doubt that to something more than mercenary feelings this accession of recruits is due. The Duke of CAMBRIDGE observed that tlhe circumstances are extraordinary, and that extraordinary efforts must be made. We believe that such efforts have been made, and that the country is reaping the benefit. A knowledge of and an interest in public affairs are becoming every day more diffused through aU classes. The discussions which have been going on lately wherever men have congregated together have given an impulse to the recruiting which it could never have received from the posted bils or the dlo4luence of the whole race of sergeants. This is an effect of extended knowledge and enlarged sympathies. The labouring man can be acted upon by the press and by the educated classes, because he has learnt to read and to reflect. There is another point in the COMMANAER-INCHIEF'S speech which we must not omit to notice. Ever since the atrocities of Delhi and Cawnpore became known there has been throughout the country but one feeling of indignation against the fiendish perpetrators. To punish with death every mutineer found In arms, to raze to the ground or to convert to British and Christian purposes the buildings which represent the MOGUL dominion in India, to reserve for special and exemplary punishment the chiefs of the rebellion, are measures on which the nation is pretty well agreed. But there will always be a class of men desirous to gain a reputation for superior wisdom by setting themselves in opposition to every impulse of their countrymen. With them an opinion has only to be popular to be wrong. I'hey value themselves on their profundity, their moderation, their foresight, and all such sententious and disputatious qualities. While affecting to see further, and to tread more surely than their fellows, they are continually falling into the mire. They have a preternatural acuteness in finding out the wrong side of a question, and holding to it in spite of common sense and sound argument. Whether it be the Papal Aggression, or the Rus%ian War, or the Sepoy atrocities, we are sure to find such a clique priding itself on taking a different view of matters from the rest of the world, and complacently affecting superiority to what it terms popular clamour. WVe have had sometbing of this on the present occasion, though the public feeling has been too strongly excited to allow of its extreme manifestation. But the plain speaking of the C3oMANDER-M-CHIEF at Sheffield is nol the less well-timed. A soldier laying the foundationstone of a Soldier's Monument was likely to look at matters in the light of patriotism aud public duty. A popular audience was likely to receive his remarks with a proper spirit of nationality. The words and the cheering with which they were greeted may, then, be taken to indicate the real feeling of the country. " I trust," said the Duke, " that no undue leniency will be adopted. "That may appear a very harsh and unjust re"mark; but it is nothing of the kind. . . . Let us "have justice; not undue, indiscriminate ven"geance, but justice, and stern justice.. . . I am "sure that the country will support all who have " the manliness to inflict the punishment." We feel certain that these words will be echoed by every right-minded Englishman, and that they represent the public feeling far more than any maudlin preaching about forbearance and forgiveness
In eontemplating the great problem presented to the country in the approaching reorganization of India it deserves to be recollected that one of the provinces of that empire has actually passed through the ordeal of this fearful insurrection without any injury to the authority of its rulers or any material intrmnption of public tranquillity. A more positive species of excellence, indeed, may be ascribed either to its institutions or its administration, for its resources have been developed in sueh a degree as to be disposable for the succour of distant territories, aud if the next mail should bring the long-expected intelligence of the fall of Delhi the consummation will be mainly owing to the larO and timely reinforcements which the province question has furnished to the besiegers. We spe of the Punjab, and when all the circumstances of this remarkable case are taken into consideration it will be evident that our most careful attention is due to so promising an example. If the ranklings of recent defeat are to be re. garded as a natural source of popular exasperation, the PaDjab, of all the provinces of British India, ought to have been most inimical to the British Government. Omitting the occupation of Pegua transaction to which the inhabitants of tho country seem to have been absolutely indifferentit was in the Punjab that the very latest employment was found for our arms, and never,.certainly, even in the most stubborn campaigns of LAEm or WELLESLEY, oL HAsTiNGs or CorwwAnLTs, had those arms encountered a more formidable enemy. The Sikh war was the struggle of a nation,-not the quaiTel of a dynasty. In fact, it could hardly be said that any supreme head of the Government existed. Every Sikh fought for his own hand; every Prince was a General, and every husbandman a soldier. This martial, turbulent, and aggressive race, after two campaigns and six tremendous battles, we utterly subjugated; their treasured and powerful artillery was despatched in politic pomp through Hindostan to Calcutta; their leaders were carried off into distant, though easy captivity, and their country was appropriated by ourselves. Considering that these events all occurred within the last ten or twelve years, that the con. quest and its incidents are but things of yesterday) and that thousands upon thousands of Sikhs still able to bear arms represent the identical soldiers against whom we fought at Chillianwallah and Sobraon, it is manifest that if anger and vindictiveness attend poltical humiliation, and that if resentment against the victors is a natural Aentiment of the I vanquished, we ought to have found these emo1ions more active and more potent in the Punjab than in any other part of India. The result, however, has been of a precisely opposite character, and it is upon the population of the Punjab that we are now placing our chief reliance for those auxiliary levies which Indian campaigning requires. Nor is it to be alleged that this province either escaped the contagion of revolt or was free from inflammable materials, for it pertained to the Bengal Presidency, it contained large Sepoy garrisons, and these garrisons gave some of the earliest examples of mutiny. At Ferozepore, at Lahore, at Sealkote, at Peshawur, among infantry and among cavalry, revolt broke out as it did in other provinces ; but, whereas in other provinces the authority of Government was destroyed or suspended with more or less completeness, in the Punjab its ascendancy was never lost for a moment. Mutinies occurred, but they were suppressed. The Bengal Sepoy proved as treacherous in the Sikh territory as elsewhere, but here his treason was promptly visited with the chastisement it deserved, and was innocuous to all but himself. He had his " panic," like his brethren, but, though it cost him his own life, it was harmless to others. Of two mutinous regiments-the 25th and the 51st -it iB said that scarce a score of traitors escaped the retributive arm of justice. In the Punjab, therefore, we see a specimen of an Indian Government superior to the risks of Indian administration and t,he oblgations of traditionary policy. The prejudices of caste and the passions of fanaticism explode as usual, but the eruption carries no fatality and creates no terror. The fire is stamped out, the incendiaries are hanged, and the example is left to fructify. This it is to rule not by sufferance, but by strength; and the point to be ascertainedl concerns the conditions which made this policy possible. We do not dissemble the fact that one of the most important of these conditions is essentially peculiar to the Punjab, as distinguished from the 1 provinces of Eindostan. There, whereas the chief fountain of evil was Hindoo prejudice, we had not Eindoos to deal with. The Sikhs regard Efindooism1 not only without attachment, but with positive hostility. They care little for caste, and are unsolicitous about its observances; so that there was no religious sympathy between the mutinous Sepoy and the population at large. To Bengal regiments the Punjab was virtually a foreign station, and s0 effectually was this isolation comprehended by the revolters that at Mooltan a suspected battalion was disarmeed by Sikhs alone, without the presence of any European troops. To this consideration we i must add the advantage fortuitously derived from the extraordinary abilities of Sir JoHN LAwREENcE. Under a less vigorous and energetic ruler it is possible enough that even the opportunities of this admirable position might have been sacrificed or lost. After making, however, due allowance for circumnstances like these, we can stiUl observe distinctly that some still more favourable and influential condition remains to be noted, and that condition appears in the proportion maintained in this province alone betwveen native and European troops. Not even Sir Jonw LAWRENCE, with all his ability, not even the Sikhs, with all their good affection, could probably have preserved the country from anarchy and ravage except for the presence of a respectable British force. The Punjab, although containing onlyl3,000,000 inhabitants, and looking in the map like a small outlying district of our enormous dominion, usually absorbed nearly onehalf of the whole force of Europeans assigned to the three Presidencies of India. If we exclude, indeed, the European battalions in the immediate service of the Company, and reckon only the troops provided from HER MAJESTY'S arny, the Punjab would be found to claim a good moiety of the entire body. About 24 regiments of infantry were detached for Indian service in ordinary periods. Of these 18 were allotted to the Bengal Presidency, and 12 out of the 18 fell to the Punjab. We believe this number of battalions was actually at the command of Sir Jomr LAWEwncE when the telegraph apprised him of the crisis at hand; so that he started with a force at his disposal almost, if not quite, as considera'ole as Lord CANNING, by the latest advices, had been able, after three months' efforts, to assemble. It is our firm opinion that with such a force he would probably have succeeded in subjugating the mutinous Sepoys and preserving order in !ae province even without the sympathies of the population or the aid of the local levies. In fact, if we scrutinize narrowly the reports whichreachus,itdoes not appearthatin anyproviuce of Hindostan, except, perhaps, partially in Oude, our authority has suffered from the defective sym- pathies of the country population or the disaffection of the great landholders. The passions of the frantic Sepoys could not, of course, be regarded with such indifference on the Ganges as in the Punjab; but, upon the whole, we have received very valuable support, not only from the loyalty of native chiefs, but the neutrality of native communities. Those advantages our officers in Hindostan shared to some extent with Sir J oHN L twRENCE in the P unjab-the advantage they did not share was the suppoit of a British army reasonably proportioned 'o the encounter before it. We lost Delhi, we lost Cawnpore, and we have run the risk of losing Lucknow, not because the hand of every Hindoo was against us-for the contrary, rather, has been the case-but because we could not oppose to those particular Hindoos whom we ourselves had made soldiers so many soldiers of the superior race as would have sufficed to control them. In the Panjab the Sepoys were the servants of the Govemment. and were punished when they revolted; in Hindostan they were the masters of the Government, and revolted with impunity. Which of these systems was the better one we leave the reader to decide. It is quite unnecessary that a thousand European troops should be maintained all over India, as in the Punjab, to every million of the native population, but at least they should be kept in competent proportion to the only class of natives formidable to Government-those armed and organized by ourselves.
We meet with old friends under new shapes, and the Right Hon. Mr. HA3rLToN NISBET, who has been just making a speech against road reform in East Lothian, is no other person than our old acquaintance Mr. CHITSTOPHIER, the Protectionist. Mr. CHRISTOPHER, who changes his name as often and as easily as Germans change their wives,-who was Mr. DUNPDAs before he was Mr. CHRISTOPHER, and then became Mr. CHRISTOPHER, and then became Mr. HAMILTON, and is now Mr. EAMiLToN NISBET,-this gentleman of many names has changed his name, but not his nature,---mium, non animum, mutat ; a new name, like a new sky, is external to the man. Mr. CHRISTOPHEB has changed his sky too, the Fen lord has become the Scotch laird, but under a Scotch sky, as under a Lincolnshire one, Mr. CHRISTOPHER is Mr. CHRITSTOPHTER still. He is only a more vehement Protectionist than ever. " Altius "tendo," " igher still," ought to be his motto, for every change of name has been a kind of baptism into a higher stage of the territorial sentiment and creed, He is now in the fifth heaven of landed proprietorship, every new estate .having been an initiation into a deeper mystery, connected with the virtues, the rights, and the privileges of land. He is the sworn champion of land against all aggressors, the sentinel who is to give warning of the least approach of danger. He discovers in the new scheme proposed by Lord ELc}Io, substituting an assessment for tolls and turnpikes for the repair of roads, a covert attack upon the landed interest. Tolls and turnpikes are acknowledged to be a very awkward mode of raising money; they are in everybody's way; the stoppage and the unbuttoning, as Lord ELCIO says, to deliver your twopence is a nuisance, and if any other equitable mode of securing the payment of road repairs could be discovered, it would, by the confession of all persons, be a public boon. They have also a most expensive machinery for collection, abstracting some 25 per cent. from the revenue thus raised. Under these circumstances nothing could be more natural than that persons should begin to think of some other plan, and Lord ELCiO proposes a county assessment for East Lothian in the place of the present tolls and turnpikes. What benighted traveller fumbling, amid drenehing rain or driving hail and snow, for his pence, and diving with benumbed fingers into the depths of his pockets, which obstinately refuse to yield to such forced and feeble movements, will not thank his Lordship ? But, with all these obvious arguments against turnpikes, Mr. HAMILTON NIsBET is full of one idea,-this is a conspiracy against the landed interest. He reminds one of AJAX,- " Utque erat impatiens irm, Sigela torva " Littora respexit, cbssemque in littore, vultu.' Fronm Dirleton he looks over North Berwick and its herring-boats, the Bass and the breezy Firth of Forth, and his wrath almost robs him of bis senses. What if, following the example of the Grecian ,Aero, he were to go mad, and begin to slaughter Sir HEw DAvRYMMIeSs innocent sheep on the Bass Rock, taking them for the eighteen gentlemen who have dared to conspire against land? He thinks the proposal a simple attempt of the manufacturers of Glasgow to get the use of the Scotch roads without paying for it. "Fee, Faw, Fum," liko the Giant BLUNDERBORE, he "smells the blood of a Glasgow man." " Cotton" and " Black Band" are the bugbears of his life. He regards the scheme as part of a deep laid plot against the landed gentry, along with the repeal of the Corn Laws, the Rural Police, and the impo. sition of new gaols and lunatic asylums upon counties. How sad that every improvement, every step in the progress of legislation, and every new triumph of social science and skill, should somehow or other be an attack upon the landed gentry I If Mr. HAMILTON NiSBET thought that a county assessment, inthe place of tolls, for the repair of roads would be a loss to the landed interest, and an unfair loss, as transferring the cost of these repairs from the general class of travellers or users of roads-the community at large-to one particular class of the community-. the proprietors of land,-he had a perfect right to say that that would be the effect of the plan, and to oppose Lord ELcHo's plan on that ground; but he had no right to say that the motive and object of theplanwas this transference of a burden; that it was suggested by the sole desire of the manufacturing classes to save their own pockets at the expense of the landed proprietors. There are, as we have just said, a great many very plain and obvious reasons why people should wish for the removal of turnpikes, which are a confessedly cumbrous, awkward machinery, and a general nuisance. Why, then, refuse to believe in all these reasons, and assert doggedly that the sole and simple reason really was the wish on the part of one class to cheat another? Why, supposing any financial unfairness is involved in the new arrangement, and it is found to entail the consequence of an extra burden upon land, pronounce immediately that this extra burden was its aim and object? Has Lord ELceo any great interest in laying fresh burdens upon land? or were the 18 gentlemen of East Lothian who voted for a county assessment, and whose votes were only nullified by the casting vote of the Chairman, all or any of them Glasgow manufacturers ? In fact, we thought there were no manufacturers in East Lothian. We thought that enlightened county had kept itself free from the vile taint of trade. Be that as it may, it is one of the commonest results of social and legislative improvements that, with all the good they effect, they press unduly upon a class here and there, and, doubtless, such results ought to be guarded against as much as possible, but it Is mere perversity and bigotry to charge such results upon the proposers of these improvements, as if what they themselves would acknowledge to be a set off against the benefit of change constituted the sole motive to it. But Mr. NISBET is furious and outrageous, and cannot speak of a manufacturer with bare civility. Trade is an abomination in his eyes, and he cannot allude to a tradesman without a stinging epithot. He talks of " the conweited shopkeepers of London " who are for invariably laying the burden, if they " can, upon the land of the country." Why does Mr. NISBET call the shopkeepers of London " con" ceited ?" Even granting the truth of his fact, that they are cheats and sharpers, bent on saving their own purses at the cost of their landed neighbours, -that is rapacity, but it has nothing to do, that we can see, with " conceit." Mr. NIsBET is carried away by a small petulance, an undiacriminating spite, and a mere blind desire to say silly things about " shopkeepers." So, for lack of another epithet, he talks of the conceited London shopkeepers, purely from a general determination to be severe upon trade. What does the man mean , Why are London shopkeepers more conceited than Mr. HA3IILTON NIsBET ? Will he explain why, for we cannot, for the life of us, see any reason in tho case ? The London shopkeeper is anxious to get on in the world and to make his fortune, and, inasmuch as 1w bas uLot tlw luck of Mr. HAsmiTON NISBET of having four different cousins to leave him four different estates, he is compelled to attend to his business, to court custom, to paint his shop neatly, enlarge his square of glass, advertise, and push on the concern. "What conceit," says Mr. HAMuToN NISBET, in a fellow without kin or connexions daring to think of getting on in life! What astounding assumption ! What inexcusable arrogance ! But, besides being conceited, they are worse. They are "'butchers going to out the " tlhroats of the landed interest." Well ! even the trade of a butcher is as justifiable a way of arriving at wealth and station as that of simply changing your name. Is the substitution of COnnsTOPHER for DUNDAS, of ETi=ToN for CEmiSToPHEEB, and of NISBET for HAMILToN, of one name for another name four times over, the only sacred path to opulence and success? There is an old notion which baa obtained respect among us, however low Mr. NisBET may think it,-that honest industry is as appropriate and as legitimate a road to wealth and station as indolent good luck. Many intelligent and prace tical persons are bold enough to doubt whether a man does society much good by changing his name and escocheon ever so often, while they maintain that an honest, industrious tradesman, is as such a benefactor to society. Two people can play at epithets, and if Mr. CaursToPnM has an epithet to apply to London tradesmen the London tradesmen may also have one to apply to Mr. CHRISTOPHER. We Can imagine, for example, a rough, plain-spoken member of this class, as his eye glanced over Mr. HAMMLTO:r NISBEfS speech, applying a very stinging epithet to Mr. NIsBET-an epithet assailing quite as strongly Mr. NissBfs wisdom as Mr. NISBEt'S epithet assails the tradesman's modesty.
COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR, OcT. 22. Tho Right Hon. Si: Charles Wood arrived at the Castla yesterday afternoon on a visit and had the hononr of dining with Her Majesty. The Dean of Windsor and the HonM4rs. WeUesley, and Colonel Ridley, commanding officer 2d battalion Scots Fnsileer Guards, had also the honour of being invited. The band of the Scots Fusieer Gnrds played during dinner. Her Majesty's private band afterwards performed the folowing pieces:- Overture, " Le Pr6 au%srea , .. Herold. Selection from the work of Handel. En,emble and Air, * Maroo Speds" . .. Auber. hnob "Tannhuaus ,. . Waimer. The Queen and Prince Consort, with the Prinoe of Wales and Prince Alfred, rode in the riding-house this forenoon. Her Royal Ilighness the Duchess of Kent visited He1r Majesty at the Castle.
UNI YRESI' 'Y I.NTELLIGENCE. OXFORD. OcT. 22. In the Congregation held this day for the election of a Head of a College or Hall to be a Member of Council in the room of the Warden of New College, the Provost of Worcoster was returned, there being in favour of him 49; in favour of the Provost of Queen's, 36votes. The Provost of Oriel was returned for tho section of Professors in the place of Professor Daubeny, 89 votes being given in his favour, and 3 t for Professor Jowett. The Professor of Chymistry (Mr. Brodle) will deliver a course of lectures in the Lecture-room of Balliol College, oommencingon Saturday, October 31, at 1 o'clock, and to be continued on the following Tuesdays and Saturdays ta the same hour. There will also bo a Catechotical Lecturo at 1 o'clock on every Thursday during the course, intended especially for candidates in the School of Natural Science. Gentlemen desirous of commencing the study of chymiatry are recommended to begin with the present course, which i.- intended to be tho first of three courses of lectures upon chymistry, to be delivered in the present and two following terms. Those who wish to attend this course are requested to enter their names with Mr. Rowell, at the Ashmolean Museum, between the hours of U and 4. CAMBRIDGE, OCToBm 22. u a Congregation held this day the following degrees conferred:- MAsTrns OFs ARTS. John Henry Kirwan Ward, Trinity. Frederio Nottidge Ripley, St. John's, Charles Boys, Corpus. Robert Campbell, rinity all John Stuart Jackson, Cains. Edgar Shirlock, EmmanueL BACHELORS OF LAwS. William Barker Drawbridge, Caina. Wlliam Hudson, Magdalene. AD Eum-rEoS GRADUML Tha Rev.' ohn Power, M.A., St. Edmund Hil, Oxford. The Rev. '. W. Dearden, MA., Trinity College, Dublin. The following appointments were made by grace of thc Sente : PROPROCTORS. Mr. Lamb, of Caius. Mr. Castlehow, of EmmanueL EXAMflNERS FOp. THE LE BAs PRZE. Mr. Cope, of Trinty. Mr. Hardwick, of St. Catherine's. EXAMINERS FOR THE CLASSICAL TRIPos Mr. Carver, of Queen's. Mr. Hammond, of Trinity. Mr. Day, of Cains. Mr. J. B. Mayor, of St. John's. EXAMINERS FOR DEGPXES n? LAw. Dr. Maine, of Trinity HalL kr. Birkbeck, of Trinitv. Mr. Badger, of Trinity HalL EXA3INER IN MEDICIZ. Dr. Drosier, of Caius. EXAm-ERS FOR MATHEMATIC&L HON0RoS. Mr. Campion, of Queen's. Mr. Callendar, of Magdalene. Ex.ANERs FOR TLE PREVIoUs EXAMINATION OF TOSR STUDENTS WHO ARE CANDIIATES FOR HO0OURS. Mr. Harvey Goodwin, of Caus. Mr. Brown, of EmrmanueL Mr. Gibson, of Queen's. EXA3IERS FOR THE PREVIOUS EXAIUnATION OF THOSE STUDENTS '%VrO ARE NOT CANDIDATZS FOR HOROUBS. Mr. Hardy, of Sldney. Mr. Rlgg, of St John'g, Mr. Witts, of King's. Mr. Burn, of Trinity. Mr. Roby, of St. John's. MATHEMATICAL EXAMINERS OF THE QUESTIONISTS. Mr. Phear, of EmmanueL Mr. Besant, of St. John!'. CLASSICAL EOXAMUMS OF TIB QUXSTIONISTS. Mr. Croft, of Caius. Mr. Taylor, of St. Peter's.
LIIS OF COLONEL MoUNTA&N.-In the Review of the Memoir of tie late Colonel Mountain in our impression of Saturday, we made allusion to Colonel Mountain's having declined to carry the despatches home from China in order that anotber and younger officer might be sent home in his place. We regret that we alluded to that cireamstance, as we understand that it is the intention of the editor of the memoir not to mention it in any future edition of the work, lest it might appear to prejudice the military reputation of the young olicer in question. That officer, vwe understand, was held in the highest esteem by Lordough and was appointed byhun to take home tho despatches as a reward for OrIhr AD EDuCATIox rN SOmmEi SHs RB.-At the Miohaelmas Quarter Sessions for this county, held at Wells on Tuesday, the chairman (Mr. W. Miles, 31IP.) con. gratulated the grand jury upon the fact that the prisoners brought for trial now and at the corresponding period of last year were precisely the same-viz. 43. The number of caes disposed of at petty sessions last year was 33, this year it was 5S. The scses disposed of at the quarter and petty sessions last year under the Criminal Justices and Juvenilo Offenders Acts were 78 altogether. This year they amounted to 101; but this increase might be fairly attributed to the superior vigilance of the newly.established county polioe. With regard to tho education of the prisoners in the present calendar, he found that six could neither read nor write, sevenoouldread,andllcouidreadandwrite imperfectly,four could read and write well, and 15 were on bail whose attain. ments were not described. His faith, however, was a great deal shaken in the efficacy of education for preventing crime by tho returns of the Kingswood Reformatory School. Of the 14 Somerset boys sent there the two boys who were the most proficient in every way had turned out the worst characters. Their proficiency in Scripture knowledze was satisfactory, writing good, reading very good, arithmetic (compound rules) good; and this, he need scarcely say, was as good an education as a boy of this class could get in any school. Yet one boy was reported as the least promising in the chool and a source of great anxiety to the master, while the other had been removed by order of the Secretary of State to another reformatory school, from which he had since been expelled. It must not be supposed from these melancholy instanoes that he reprobated -ducA. tioi on the contrary, he was desirous that education, obhl'l in the kingdom, and hei hopesd his broth given to very w1 uId do all in^ their power In their respective Parisee for
INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We will now inquirehor fair the eveutwas of a nature which might have been foreseen, for which purpose it is neceseary to distinguish between the prediaposing and exciting causes. The predisposing causes belong partly to the con atitution of the Bengal army, which gave it a high degree of religious susceptibility with an unequalld. power of combination ; and partly to the progres dl events which foreshadowed the introduction of a new era, and made those who were interested in maintainiing the previous state of things more alive than ever to innovation. Oar ancestors are answer'able for the " constitution of the Bengal army.!* They nsed the materials they found to hand, ad. the edifice they constructed was the wonderful fabria or the British Indian empire. In the " progress of events" we are all accomplices. From the abolition of Suttee, to the exemption of native Christian converts from the forfeiture of their rights of inheritance, and the permission to Hindoo widows to ismarry-from the formation of the first metalled road, to covering India with a network of railroadx and electric tolegraphs, there is not a single good measure which has not contributed something to impress the military priests with the conviction that, if they were to make a stand, they must do so soon, else the opportunity would pass away for ever. The exciting cause was the cartridge. Hindooism and Mahomedanism, and especially the former, are religions, not of rational conviction, but of meats and drinks and oatward observance. The religion of a&ihidoo may therefore be "taken away" from }im by force or craft without any voluntary action on his part. There are large communities of Mahomedans in India whose ancestors were Hin. doos-in the neighbourhood of Delhi they are called Rangurs-and if you inquire into their religious history, they tell you that Aurungzebe or some other potentate " made them" Mahomedans. The process was a very simple one. Their Hindoolsm was put off by Mahomedans eating with them. Their Mahomedanism was put on by the symbol of admission to the faith, which the Mahomedaus have isn common with the Jews. Pouring cow's blood down the throat was reserved for special cases of recusancy. On the other hand, the unclean beast in the abomination of the Mahomedans as it is of the Jews, and the feeling is heightened by the associations of caste which the Mahomedan minority in India have contracted from the ffindoo majority. In the religious quarrels of the Rindoos and Mahomedans, to kill a pig and throw it bleeding into a mosque was the most aggravated outrage that could be offered to Islam. The feeling was respected and almost shared by the Anglo-Indians Lord Metcalfe never allowed ham at his table; and I have seen a large company of English refuse, under the influence of this feeling, to partake of a dish of wild boar's flesh dressed in a peculiar manner which had been sent to them an an act of courtesy by a Rajpoot Chief through whose district they were travelling. To bite a cartridge greased with cow's and pig's fat was, therefore, more to Hindoos and Indian Mahomedans than eating pork to a Jew, spitting on the Host to a Roman Catholic, or trampling on the Cross to a Protestant. Outward contact might have been remedied by purification; but when the impure elements had been assimilated with the system, how could the contaninnation be removed? It has been objected to this view that the Sepoys did not hesitate to fire the greased cartridges at our troops ; but this is a mistake. These cartridges were not issued to the army at large. The scene now changes to England. To place an improved description of musket in the hands of the soldier was one of the enterprises of the day. The East India Company would have been considered justly open to censure if they had not extended the improvement to India. A supply of greased cartridges suited to the new weapon was sent from Woolwich, and others were made up in the arsenal at Calcutta. Detachments from all the Sepoy regiments were assembled at schools of musketry at Duradum, IJmballah, and Sealkote. The following extracts from the Parliamentary papers of last ses sion tell their own story- " Major Bontein, Commanding the Depot of Musketry at Dumdum, Jan. 23, 1857:-I last evening paraded all the native portion of the depot, and caNed for any complaints that the men might wish to prefer. At least two-thirds of the detachment immediately stopped to the front, including all the native com. missoned offloerm In a manner perfectly respcctful they very distinctly stated their objections to the present method of preparing cartridges for the new rifle musket. The mixture employed for greasing cartridges wa opposed to their religious feeling, and as a remedy they begged to sug. gest the employment of wax and oil in such proportion as, in their opinion, would answer the purpose required." "The Inspector-General of Ordnance and Magazines. Fort William, Jan. 29 :-As soon as I heard of objections having been made to the use of grease by the native soldiers of the Practice Dep6t at Damdam, I inquired at the arsenal as to the nature of the composition that had been used, and found that it was precisely that which the instructions received from the Court of Directors directed to be used-viz., a mixture of tallow and bees'-wax. No extraordinary precaution appears to have been taken to insure the absence of any objectionable fat." "Colonel Bonner, Inspector-General of Stores. India. house, Larch 23 :-From communications I have had with Captain lSoxer, the Superintendent of the Royal Laboratory at Woolwich, where all small-arm az. manition for Her lMajesty's service is made up, I learn that the laboratory grease used in preparing the cartridges forwarded to India is composed of five parts tallow, five parts sterine, one paxt wax. But as these inedients are purhased in large quantities and delivered at Woolwich, Captain Baxer is quite unable to offer any decided opinion as to the particular description of animal from which the tall:)w is dernved. The only thing certain is, that hog's lard does not in any way enter into the composition." The rumour rapidly spread throughout the army that caste and religion were to be taken away through the medium of the new kind of cartridge. When this fear had once taken possession of the minds of the Sepoys, cartridges of a kind which had previously been used without hesitation were looked upon with suspicion. An active correspondence through the post-office, which is an invariable symptom of a mutinous disposition in the Bengal army, commenced between the different stations. At last the poib boiled over at Meerut. Eighty-five troopers were condemned to 10 years' hard labour in the society of common felons for refusing to receive cartridges, and the irons wereriveted on their legs -snd they were marched off to gaol in the presence of the whole brigade. As the rest of the native soldiery intensely sympathized with these troopers and considered them martyrs to a common cause, this was enough to make any troops mutiny. There is no trace in the evidence which has reached this country, of any conspiracy previously to the issue of the new cartridges. The first manifestations of feeling were, as might be expected, on the part of the Hindoos. A low caste man, em- loyed in the magazine at Dumdum, asked a 3ra hmin Sepoy to let him drink from hislotahor brass drinking vessel. The Brahmin replied, " I have scoured my lotah; you will defile it by your touch." The low caste man rejoined, "Y You think much of your caste; but wait a little, the sahib log will make you bite cartridges soaked in cow and pork fat I and then where will gour caste be ?" The report was not long in travellin to Barrackpore and other stations, where the Sepoys brooded over it until it took hold of their minds as a fact. About the same time the Comnander-in-Chief passed through Umballah with an escort composed of two companies of one of the regiments detachments from which were practising at the rifle school at that place. The Sepoys belonging to the detachment asked their newly arrived comrades to an entertain- ment, whicch was declined on the ground that they would lose caste by eating with those who had im. bibed the polluted cartridge. This spread tho feeling through the up-country stations. The Mahomedan Sepoys were by no means forward to join in the mutinous proceedings which grew out of the panic. On the 10th of MIarch Soobadar Muddah Ehan, Mussulman, then in command of the Alint Guard at Calcutta, placed in confinement and surrendered to be tried by corrtmartial two Hindoo Sepoys of the 2d Native Infantry who had been sent to him by the Havildar Major of that regiment, also a Hindoo, to induce him to quit his post and march with his guard to Fort William for the purpose of Joining in an intended mutiny. Again, on the 29th of March, when the Adjutant and the Sergeant Major of the 34th Native Infantry were attacked on parade at Barrackpore by the Hindoo, hlungul Pandy, the only Sepoy who came forvard to their assistance was Sheikh Phultoo, a Mussulman. At the Court of Inquiry held at Barrackpore on the 1.5th of April, the officers of the 34th declared with one accord that, although they could not trust the Hindoos, they would accompany their reiment on field service in full rehance upon the royalty and good conduct of the Sikhs and Mahomeda3s In niy letters on th#1VUrganisation of the Bengal army p.ublshed fh The Time. of the 24th and 25th of Septembe and the 7th of October, the defects of our bygone jlsi UQUPlkM bg h aeir ppropzkte d i ',
LiABILITY OF RAILWAY CO0lPANIEs.-At the lsmt -itting of the County Court of Bull an action of some im. portince tc railway compniles and corndealers was tried. mr. L.9we, a merebant and broker at Hull, sought to recover the sum of 231. fromis the North-Eastern Railway Company, being tbe amount of damage aUeged to have been sustained by the plaintiff by reasol of the detention of soine wbeat, is frans ttu from Hull to Newark. The defendants had paid into court the saur of 31. 17s. The wheat in question was sold by MIr. lIeey to Mr. Pauling, of Newark, and was forwarded thither on the 6th of lDecember, but it did not arrive there until bhe 1.5th. In the meantime some of It was disposed of to two Newark millers, and on its arrival they complainAed that it was wet and fusty, and decreasedin value about 11s. per quarter, and they refuised to have anything to do with it. The railway company also refused to have any. thing to do with it unless they bad a consignment to Mr. Kelsey. which was ultimately given, but Mr. Kelsey likewise declined to receive it. Mr. Robinson, for the defence, .admitted that his clients had been guilty of neglect in not delivering the wheat sooner, b-qt he said the invoice had gone to a wrong station, and hence the delay. A verdict was given for the plaintiff for 11. IS, Sd-, including 34. 17s. .ieady paid ilto court. .7
TRB IYDIAN RELIEF FUND. PRFRTOMN. a meeting of the inhabitants of Preston was held in the Aseemb y.room on Wednesd y evening. The Mayot TPhe ev. Canon PArR (vicar of Preston) proposed the first resolution - "Tht this mpetiog espreesos It kdeep am&a,hby for the guefeala "nd priva"ons to which our fellow-countrysnea In andia haro be aubjected by the atocitee ooma ied. by tho nutive troops in that country."l Mr. R. A. CRoss, M.P. for the borough, seconded the resolution, and appealed to all classes to asalst in making the presont movemen,t a truly national deinenstratlon. The resoLution was unanimously agreed to. lr. Alderman WALMSLEY proposed- " Thath with a ier ot aleviating the distret cocasloned by the mutiny, a Auberipio0n be immdiastely set on foot in tbis town and reighbourbood, aed th"u subscription listsbe opened and deposited at the aevesal banks and newspaper nisoes In Peuton." Mr. E. PWDDER, banker, seconded the resolution, which Was carried. Mr. J. BATRSTOIg moved the appointment of a commnittee to carry the last resolution into effect. The Rev. F. Bu0nBY bricQy seconded the resolution, wrhich was also gee to. A vote of thunia to the Mtayor terminated the proceedA subscrIption Was commenced in the room, and it reached at the close of the meeting 4001. 4s. lld. C0UUTY OF RENFREW. On Tuesday a meeting of the county of Renfrew was held In Paisley for the putrpose of originating a subscription in s.ld of the sufferers by the Indian mutiny. The meeting was attended by a large body of the county gentlemen, the Earl of Glasgow, the lord-liutenantof the coanty, In the chair. lis LoaDsmP, In opening the business, said,-It is now just three years sinoe we met in this same hail for the purpose of entering upon a public subscription which had for its object the relief and support of the widows and childrcn of the soldiers who fell in the Crimea. The object for whish we are now met, although in many respects different, will not be regarded, I feel assured, by this ritelligent meeting as less deserving ot its sympathy, nor will those presont be less desirous of proving their sincerity in this respect by the iberality and generality of their subscriptions. (Applause.) The enormons atrocIties wvhich have becn committoed by the mnutineers in India would have been beyor,d belief were they nut unhappily but too well authenticated; indeed whenever it has been iu their power to abuse the European resi dents the conduct of the rebels has been marked with a combination of cowardlos and cruelty. (Applause.) But the day of retribution is at hand-death is the acknowledged punishment of mutiny, and we may expect ere long to hear that that punishmentb as been dealt out with no svaring hand. (Renewed applause.) Sir MI. S. STEWAIYtT, M.P., on rising to move the first resolution, remarked upon the differences of opinion as to the cause of this r-colt It was certainly very easy to find fault, and very easy when a calamity takes place to show how it might have been prevented if we had ourselves been there. He thought it wrong for them to be too hasty in judging of these natters. In India there no doubt would be found ovils existing, as they were found everywhere, but he hoped soon to see them removed. They ought not certainly to be down-hearted about the future of India, for the last accounts we had from It gave them reason to hope that the tide was now turned. Although it osrtalnly was not within their province as human beings to seek for vengeance, as that belonged to a higherPower, yet he trtuted tha; stern and unflinching justice would be dealt outtothose who had been instrumental In raising this mutiny. The hon. baronet assured the meeting that, as representing tho county of Renfrew in the House of Cornmons, he would reggard it as his bounden duty to give the question of India his most serious consideration, and concluded by lUoving _ "That this meeting. deeDly lamenting the calamities that basn befallen cur ocantrymer5 and cotntrywomen In India, Is anxious to record ita sympathy with their sutterings, and at the same tIme to express its detestatIon of the unprovoked and atroclous crueltlie committed by the rebels throughout so large a portton of the empire." Mr. BoYD ALEXA?NER, of Balochmyle, seconded the resolution, which was agreed to. Mr. CA3IPBELL, of Blythswood, then moved- "That this meeting. reoognizing the duty of the ttittsh public to takeo aleumres towarda the alleriation of those mufferlags, hereby reslveto pena sbmeription in theo various districts of the county for the=more ettectuaslpronition of that object." Mr. COUTS, of Ferguslie, seconded the motion, which, with other resolutions moved by Provost BRONvx, Of Paisley, and Sir ROBERT NAPIER, of Miliken, were agreed to. The sum of 8001. was subscribed at the close of the meeting. COUNTY OF AYR. A meeting of the county of Ayr was held on Taesday for a similar purpose. It was attended by Lord Eglinton, the Marquis of Ailsa, I.ord James Stewart, MP,, and a largo body of the county gentlemen. Lord EOLsNTON, in introducing the business of the meeting, said,-Wre are notnet now to discuss the merits or demerits of this Government or that Government>; we are not slet to decide upon what has caused this great clvamity fn our great Indianm empire, or how lt is to be remedied, We are not met to throw blame or d1ecredit on any man either in a public or private capacity, bat to show that we, engaged in other avocations, and not bred up to the pro. feesion of arms, and not implicated in the affairs of India, feel deeply for our suffering countrymen in the position they ae now unfortunately placed in, for those gallant men who have perished, for the gallant Wheeler who defendod a place wvich appeared even to our troops to be indefensible, for Lawrence, whose character stood higher perhaps than any other pubhc man in India, for Banks, for Skene, for the gallant defenders of Cawnpore, and of those places of which we have heard such miserable, lamentable, though glorious accounts-for that gallant young hero who with his dying breath urged his feUow-sufferers to continue steadfast in the Christian faith, and died with the Redeemer on his lips-for all those vecoan only express admiration and reBgre (Applause.) For our many fair and tender countrywomen and innocent children, who have been outraged, burned, massacred with a ferocity and barbarity which till now we hardly believed human naturc to be capable of, we can now but give our tribute of sorrow; but for the survivora-for those poor wvidows who have been deprived of their husbands- for the husbands who have been deprived of their wives-for the chUdren who have been left orphans -for soene who perhaps have gone mad under the intlictions they have had to bear-for those who have been left penniless, and for the civilians who have been deprived of every means of earning their livelihood-for those it Is our duty not only to express our sympathy, but to give our assistance in a more tangible form. I think we cannot separate without doing so. (Cheers.) It is our duty to express our admiration of the gallant deeds which have been acieveyd by the survivers, by our brave countrymen in the East, and more especially gentlemen connected with Scotland. One of the most gallant and efficient men of whose deeds we have heard in eulogistlo terms is a native of this county, knowin to us aU and respected by us all I re ter to General NeUll. (Applause.) I trust that the 8ubscriptions which wil be collected here, and whicb, through the efforts of the committee-and I hope through the efforts of the public press-may be coUeoted throughout the county, will prove a credit to us, and shovw that we sympathize most earnestly and deeply with our suffering fellow-countrymen In the East. I will not detain you longer ; and I think it unnecear and, perhaps, unwise to have any discussion on aquestionon which no dlfference can arise. (Applause.) Thenoble chairman concluded by moving the following resolutions - I." The meeting, deeply sympothizing with the sufferers of the Indian mutijny, resolved to raise a general subsciption throughout the county for their relief."~ II. " That the fouolwinggentlemen be appointed a commnittee to carry out the above resolution, and to dispose of funds when slcoe ae!thoy may judge expedient -vi7.:-Tbe Lord Lieutenant, the Member for the CCDcty, and theoconvener of the Ooimty. Lord JL)iRs STnArUT, M.P., seconded the resolutions, and after some romarks from Mr. Oswald, of Auchincruive, and Mr. Craufurd, of Craufurdland, the business terminated. At the close the sum of nearly 1,000!. -was collected. AIRDRIE. A meeting at the Burgh of Airdrie, near Glasgow, was held on Tuesday, Provost Davidson in the chair. It was resolved to institute a subscription, and Mr. Nesbitt, of Cairnhill, headed the list with IOI. GLASGOW. The subscriptions In this city amount to I3,M0C0,
OrFICOBS FOR INDIB, TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I read with some Interest a letter in your paper of the 10th inst., signed " E. I. C. S.," complaining of the indecision of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or rather of Mtr. Vernon Smith's, relative to the expediency of orderin,g all their officers now on furlough to return to India, and of the manner in which the public money has been disposed of for the payment of their passage. I now beg to bnng to your notice anotber resolution, indicative of the want of decision which characterizes the Government of India, and which will ever continue to do so While we have a Court of Directors in Leadenha6l.street, a Board of Control in Cannon-row, a Legislative Council in Calcutta, and a Governor-General in Council in India, all striving for supreme authority, and neglecting in consequence the immnense dominions intrusted to our admhitstration. The first order issued directed all officers on furlough to return to their duty forthwith. No mention whatever was made in the letters received by each officer that passage money was to be paid. Gradually it oozed oat throughthe relations and friends of the Court of Directors, that the Court was desirous of paying the passage money of offlcers thus abruptly directed to return to their duty, and Mr. Vernon Smith sanctioned this measure-first, for the nionth of August, and aft.nrwards for that of September. Shortly after the Court again addressed the Board of Control relative to the privilege being extended to officers proceeding over!aud in the month of October. This, after somefurther discussion, was allowed, but only to officers of the military service. Now, may it not be said with all justice that if the Government requires the services of its officers before the expiration of their furlough the passage money ought to be paid and the portions of time employed in mang this double overland trip allowed to reckon as service, providled it can be shown to the satisfaction of the Court that every exertion to secure a passage overland was immediately made? And if Mr. Vernon Smith has now tbought It proper to extend the privilege to those officers returning In the month of October, no distinction should be made between theciviland military services. In many cases officers, either from absence or other sufficient reasons, did not receive the order to return until the whole of the limited overland accommodation was engaged, and, had an application been made to return to duty voIuntarily consequent upon the state of Indian affairs, such application would have precluded the officer from elainsing at a future period the unexpired port,on of his furlougoh. Trusting that you will advotate the justice of these two claims, I am, Sir, Your ujgoet obedient servant, EqurrY. VOL ZWA
I XTJB INDIAN lUTINXIIS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The mail of the lOth of July, lately come to hand, has brought us information of the measures adopted in England to crush the rebellion of the Sepoys of tho Bengal army. But people have very generally been disappointed vwith the views entertained of the crisis by some of the most influential members of the English press, as wel as by many of those who hold a prominent position in the Houses of Parliament and the Board of ControL MIuch of the misapprehension whioh seems to exist is, ro doubt, owing to the fact that when the mail left England particulars were known of only the earlier scenes of this sad tragedy. It is probable that by this time more is known, and the character of the mutiny more faUy perceived. The objec t of this letter is to furnish a statement of what has most recently occurred, and to bring to view such minor coinoidences as may possibly escape notice in England, but which nevertheless determine the character of the whole move. inent, and demonstrate the existence of a combination among the iesurgents which would scarcely have been ccr.. sidered possible a few months ago. I think those most conversant with natives of tliM coun'ry will bear me ont in the assertion that the present robellion is not the result, as some suppose, of outraged roligious feelings. Military men, especiaUy officers of tho native army, have of late been very forward to attribute our present disastrous position to the 11-advised preaching of lanatical missionaries; and some have even. hinted at the propricty of righting our sinking ship by throwiung these ill. starred Jonahs overboard. But men wbo have shown the n,ost deplorable ignorance of the state of feellng in their own regiments can have no pretension to the right of declaring the cause of that feeling, and thle class against whom their charge is Advanced have abundant grounds for exonerating themselves and retorting the blame on their accusers. The truth is, that neither religions pyeaching nor Secular education have had anything to do with the matter. The class of men who have risen in arms against Governraent have never been brought under such influences, while thoee who have come r4ost directy layder them have evinced tiomarkedillfeeling eithertowards Goverinent or Christian Inissionaries and teachers. Indeed, since the comb snencetment of the present disturbances missionaries have continued to live unmolested, a at Muttra and BindrabaL, in the midst of an inteneely Brabminical population, and have only been compelled to abandon their posts by the itear approach of armed mutineers. In other instances, hahomedan Fakirs and others have been the means of saving Christian lives. The convictlon has long and steadily been gaining ground on the minds of ournative population that Christianity will eventrialty triumph; but, instead of inciting them to rebellion, it has, exeept in the case of a few troubled apirile, induced In them a state ot settled apathy antd indifference. The men of the present day, whether B'indoos or lIahomedans, believe that their generation will not wit4ess the triumph of the Christian religion, And they have too little appreciation of the real benefits ot any religion to trouble themselves about tloe probabJo creed of generations to come. Certainly, they have no idea of fighting against 'what they believe to be predestined, and if they have any thoughts at all for the future they are connected with the temporal condition of their children, for whom they desire to secure the advantages of education as will enable them to compete successfully with Christians for all the more lucma. tive appointments which have been thrown open to competition. I have in my mind's eye at this moment a respectable Brahmin of high caste, whose son attends a missionary school on week days and a Sunday school on Sabbath days, The father has declared that his only wish is that his son should be in every respecS as well informed and educated as the children of 13uropeans, oven %t the expense of his becoming a Christian. Paralel cases to any extent could be poiAted out In every part of the country. If this be the case, then, with those who havc come la contact with civilization, edaucation, and ChrLstianity,-If the very class from which proselytes have been made is irk different, or nearly so, to the spread of Christianitj and the downfall of Hindooism or Islamism, still less can it be pretended that the Sepoys alone, who have been least exposed to contact with missionaries, who have been seda' tously preserved in a state of ignorance and barbarism by the paternal care of the Indian Government, should have broken out into open rautiny because their religious or caste feelings had been outraged. I fear that in writing as I have done I shall be considered to have overlooked the distinction which exists between Hindoos and Mahomedans, and to have attributed to the latter an indifference as to the success of Christianity whlch can be predicated only of the former. Bat I believe that I have written advisedly, and those who form their judgment simply on a consideration of the abstract principles involved in the tenets of Islamism will greatly deceive themselves. Althongh thelearnedand educated anong the Mahomedana ore nearly the same as to bigotry and intolerancein every country, yet the great mass of them in this country have been so long subjected to the leavening influence of contact with Eindooism and Christianity as to have lost much of tbe virulence of their character. It may kurn out hereafter that many of the recent insurrections have been fomented by Mahomedan Princes, pensioners, and fanarical priests, but it would be a mistake to con. rider this movement as purely Mahomedan in its origin. The following very rapid but connected sketch of the progress of events in this country will, I thinkh bear me out 'n the opinions whioh I may have occasion, with due di-. dence, to expret. Very early in the year the chupatee movement comumenced, Small cakes of flour were handed about by the ral and road pollee from thanah to thanah andvillage to village with astonishing rapidity, and the message circulated with each cake was that it should be kept tiUl the "Hakim" called for it, and that similar cakes should be made and for. warded with the same message to the adjacent chowkees and villages. From the Panjab to the most southerly district of bhe North-Western Provinces was this mysterious signal con. veyed. Though its import could not be satisfactorily oe. plalned by any one, yet nearly all believed that it was fraught with danger, if for no other reason, because it indioated the existence of a combination of whatever natumr, and pointed through all its ramifications to a prime moverwhose intentions were unknown to Government. Shortly after followed the manifestations of ilifeeling in the army, Houses were burnt down in several cantonments where the new cartridge had been offered to the Sepoys, and finally the mutiny and disbandment of the 19th and 34th Native Infantry occurred at Barrackpore. The most carele3s and confident could hardly lail now to be alarmed. But Govern. ment seem to have slept in secaurity. The most obvious precautions were neglected. The large magazine of Delib was still left to be guarded entirely by Scpoys; so also was the strong fort of Allahabad, the great supply magazine of these provinces. Cawnpore, a large medical depOt and most important station, cr#nld only oppose a company of European Infantry and 59 Artillerymen, with six guns, to the united strength of three regiments of Native Infantry, one of Regular Native Cavalry, and two companies of Native Artillery, with 12 gius. Benares, an almost equally important station, continued to bG occupied by a force of two regiments of Native Infantry and one of the Cis-Sutlej Sikh regiments, composed to a great extent of Poorbeea Sepoys to oppose which there was only a single company of European Foot Artillery. In fact, the entire Trunk-road communication from Calcutta to Umballa s in the hands of native troops. Lucknow, surroundedaby local native corps and Sepoy regiments of the line, and in the midst of a warlike population which had recently come under our rule, was protected by only one European regiment and one company of Artilery, while the native army of the province consisted of 14 regiments ot Infantry. six of Cavalry, and six companies of Artillery. Reviewing all these circumstances, and considering, too, the fact that every treasury was under a guard of Sepoys, ii must be allowed that there was nothing wanting to make rebellion easy, and that the spirit of discontent, from what. ever cause arising, had every incentive and temptation to manifest itself in o,en mutiny. On the 10th of -May, 1857, the mutiny commenced a i Meerut. Eighty refractory troopers of the 3d Light Cavalry had been publicly disgraced, fettered, and confined in the civil gaoL Their comrades came to the desperate resolution of releasing them in the evening. The native guard was easily overpowered, if indeed it offered any resistance, and the whole regiment of cavalry, inclutding the released prisoners, commenced an indiscriminate massacre of all Europeans whom they could find. The Native Infantry regiments (two in number) and the Native Artillery SDOn joined the miscreants. The bad characters of the town followed in their track. The rebels were not altogether undisturbed In their bloody work. The 60th Rifles wore soon in the field against themi, but there was much and moet disastrous delay in the arming of the European drxgoons and Horse Artillery, and the mutiners were left to proceed to Delhi unpursied and with scarcely any loss. The result is too well known. Delhi fell into thelr J hands the next day, and, after a massacre the most cruel and revolting In Its details of any recorded in the pwtvious history of India, the combined Sepoys of Delhi and Meerut occupied the fort and city in the name of the puppos who represents the Royal house of Timoor. There was a lull of nearly three weeks, broken only b5 a partial mutiny at Ferozepore. During this interval forcrs were being collected for the recapture of the rebellous city, and the commanding officers ot native reglments filled tte public prints with statenments of the loyalty and 7real et thoir respeqtlYe corps. "Stanoh to the bacbogne" WaS the phrase used ad nauseam to chrcterize cutthroat scoundrelS 'ho sBhortly after imbrued their bands in the blood of lnno0 cent women and children. The Colonel commanding the 6th Native Infantry at Allahabad had the audaoity to threaten a prosecution against a writer in the Xsifishman, who on tood gpjds declared that his corps was not to be trusted; and even after the arrival of the Ohunar invalids and some of the Loodiana Sikhs from Benaxes ho was pleased to say, if I remember right, that his unbounded confidence in his corps induced him still to intrust the tort to their keeping, an arrangement which, happily for us, appears not to I have beon suffered to last tiU the 6th broke out In bloody mutiny. Subsequent events seera to show most clearly that a well. oonoerted plan had to soe extent been defeated by the pro. CiRitate conduot of the cavalry at Meerut. The date fixed for the mrutiny had,been antiUipated by the hasty zeal of these men in releasing their comr.des, and the conspirators In other paxrts would appear to haie looked anxiously towacrd Deli, determined to shape their course as circumstances might render advisable. Had Delbi been retaken in the Interval by a vigorous and daring coup dce mai, the blood spent in the effort, however great, would have been as nothing oompared with the torrents which have since flowed in every part of Jidia from the victims of our feeble and procrastinating policy. General Anson was at Simla when the mutiny occurred, and troops were not assembled at Kurnaul till about the 20th of May. The Commander. in-Chief joined the army soon after, and it was believed that he would be at Delhi on the 26th idem. But some dely, which has not been accounted for, took plce, and General Anson died on the 27th of cholera, without having advanced a mile out of Kurnaul. The delay was fatal in every way. Our enemies at Delhi had time to fortUy themselves in their position, and the Sepoy regimeit, whiob had tiU then observed a sulen silenoe, now brole out iato open rebeUion. The 9th Regiment, of whichthere were detachments at Allyghur, Bolund. shuhur, Mynpocrie, and Etawah, commenced the game on the 27th of May. On the 30th and 31st of May their example was followed, as by preconcerted signal, at Nusseerabad, Lucknow, and Shajehanpoor, and on the last. named date a>*onspiracy at Agrs&.was detected in time to induce the authorities to disband the 4lth and 67th Regiments Native Infantry, both of which had for some time shown a mutinous spirit, which at last manifested itself in the murder of their officer and the appropriation of the Government treasure by a detachment of the 67th at Muttra Dutring the eventful week that foUowed the whole province of Oade, excepting only the city of Lucknow, was wrested from us by the Sepoys located In the several cantonments of Seetapoor, Darriabad, Sooltanpoor, Fyzabad, Secrora, and Mullaon. By a nearly simultaneous movement the Sepoys rose at Bareilly, Moradabad, Cawnpore, Futtelapore, Allahabad, Benares, Jhansi, Oral, and Neemuch. One Christian only escaped from Jhansi, and the handful of Europeans at Cawnpore were starved out of their intrenchments and treacherously massacred in violation of the terms of a solemn treaty. Some four or five men escaped to tell the tale. Similar occurrences were prevented in the Panjab by the presence of European and Sikh troops and the promptitude with which the regiments suspected of mutinous intentions were disarmed. About the midd.le of June the Gwallor Contingent, one regiment of which had already caught the flame at Neemuch, turned upon its officers at Gwallor. The fugitives from that place found ahelter at Agra, which had previously been the asylum of refugees from Muttra, Alyghur, ko. Other regiments of the contingeut, stationed in its several cantonments, did according to the deeos of their brethren in arms, and by the end of June nearly every reginent in the Bengal army of which anything was known haa either mutinied or been disbanded. Towards the end of June a militia was formaed at Agra, composed chiefly of members of the uncovenanted service. Officers were selected for the militia by Government, and the overbearing and oppressive conduct of these offlcers during their connexion with the mUlitia has afforded abundant evidence as to one at least of the causes of the mutiny, which may be referred to in another part of this letter. But previously, as if Government were not thoroughly satisfied of the faithlessness of its native troops, and its district, rurall, and preventive police, who had in many cases openly fraternized with the rebels and joined in acts of rapine and bloodshed, the nuamber of such men in Agra was considerably increased, a preference being given to Mahomedans, for which class of oar subjects the magistrate of Agra evinced a most unrensonable preference. Early in July it was known to Government that the Neemuch Inutineers, about 2,500 strong, with 500 cavalry, a compan3 of !ight Field Artillery well knovwn as the best in the country, and a battery of Horse Artilery were In full march upon Agra. Yet the fact, instead of being pub. lly stated, was kept secret almost till the enemy wero In sight. In cou'tequenee of this state of ignorance, mush property was lost which might have been removed to places of security, and some few lives were, It is to be feared, sacrificed in the dty which had else been saved. A body of native horsemen, raised by us, and a detachment of the KEotah Contingent, which had been caUed in for the defence of Agra, mutinied on the approach of the enemy. An undeeldve action ensued on July 5, which was followed by an orderly retreat into the fort. Our loss in the affair was about 140 killed and wounded. The enemy retired from the field of battle almost as soon as ourselves, aud reached Delhi in due course. Indeed, it is believed that they were on their march to Delhi when they deviated somewhat from their course, and came to Agrs at the invitatiop of the disaffected Mahomedans of this city. The destructon of houses and property that followed our entry into the fort may fairly be estimated to have involved a loss of 100,0001. to their possessors. Since and before we rnoved Into the fort every effort has been made to strengthen its defences. Nearly 60 guns have been mounted on the bastions. the greater number being of heavy calibre, besides two mortar batteries of 16 guns, from which shell of 8, 10, and 13 inches could be projected. The Powder magazines have been secured from explosion by shells. The external defences have been im proved by the leelling of a considerable portion of the native town which srlproached too close to the walls of the fort, and Tr.parations have been made to blow down with gunpowder the Jumna Muqljd, an ancient Mahomedau mosque held in great veneration by the Mussulmans, but most admirably suited to the purposes of an enemy, as it completely over]oolas our ramparts, and commands a bird's eye view of the whole fort. The danger of a siege is, however,$by no means imnminent, and will, I hops, be entirely averted by the merciful hand of Providence. The Gwalior Contingent alone possesses guns of sufficient calibre to breach waUs, and mortars to shell afortified position. The Maharajah has, however, all along behaved in the most honoarable way towards us, and hitherto he has been successful in restraining the lawless soldiery of the Contingent, who are quite distinct from his own Mahratta trooDs, but too strong to be put down by them. His Highness has hitherto detained them at Gwalior by persuasions and threats of every kind. and no doubt his efforts owe much of their success to the state of the rivers, particularly of the Chumbul, which Is almost impassable for artiUery at tbis season of the year; yet we cannot oouceal from ourselves the fact that it may not be long bafore the rivers fall, and the Gwallor men may pet come down to besiege this fort. And, though provisions have been laid up for 10 months, tbough our shot and shell and gunpowderr are considered sufficient for a year's siege, and we have noiw 150 trained gunners from the Militia to assist in manning the batteries yet wo cannot but dread the horrors of a siege for the sake of the women and children that are with us. Our oarnest prayer is that the army advancing from the Lower Provinces may soon be. able to come to our relief, and move against the enemy at GwaUor, and that the army before Delhi may be in a position speedily to carry the siege to a sucessuful issue, and follow up their success by the complete destruction of the enemy in that quarter. We have recently expelled some rebels from Allyghur, but this measure cannot. we fear. at present be lohowed by the permanent occupation of that place by the troops sent against it from Agra, I have Already been obliged to write so much that I will now do no more than briefly sketch the present posture o° affairs, reserving any general remarks and suggestions as to the causes of the muttay for a future communication. As for ourselves, we are cut off from direct communication with Delhi r.Jd Meerut on the one side, and Calcutta on the other. All letters for Calcutta travel vtd Jeypoor, Kurrachee, and Bombay. There is some equaUy circuitous route to Meerut. The rains have been copious. but cultivation makes no great progress Revenue collections are in most districts 7ttt. A quartet of our annual receipts wan seized by the in surgents whea they plundered the district treasuries' Luck-now is still closely besieged by the rebels; and it is long since any satisfactory news was obtained of the condition of the garrison. Sir Hugh Wheeler, commanding at Cawnpore, and Sir Hlenry Lawrence, the Chief Commissioner of Oude, are dead; and in them we feel that we have lost two officers whoseservices at this crisis wouald be invaluable to the country. Furruckabad, Boolundshahur, and Delhi are occupied by the insurgents -m force. There Is a large body of the enemy at Gwalior, about 6,000 of aU arms, who eoula mnove down to the assistance of their brethren at Delhi, or combine with the Furruckabad force for the purpose of arresting our upward progress. On the other hand, Cawnpore, which had fallen into the bands of the MAhrattachief of Bithoor, has been xe-occaploed in force by General Havelock, the Nena Sahib's force kaving previously been most thorouhly defeated by hlm, Thrte Or four European and two 9kbh regiments compose the force at Cawnpore, which nodirts daily acweaion of strength both' by land and water from .llahabad, A movable column of Bomb3y troops is At the xame time advancing from the direction of Central India. The Bajpootana states have behaved with the most laudable fidelity, and it is by their means that the communication with Bombay has been kept open. At Calcutta a naval brigade has been formed under Captain Peel, of the Shannon, for the purpose, It is supposed, of protecting the navigation of the Ganges. A considerable portion of tba China expedition is reported to have Arrived, and it is hoped that reinforcements from Eng. land will not be long In reaching Calcutta. The Bonibay and Madras armies have not shown symptons of disffection, and a brigade of the formerh xS novd into Bengal And ocOtu pies Dlnapore. This will render at lead four regiments of European infantry, the 5th, 35th, 37th, and 90tb Available for the reinforcement of General Havelock at Cawnpore, the 55d belng atlll left to garrison Fort WiiUar, and the 10th being divided betweer Dinapore and Benares. With such A force, and with an adequate detail of artillery, it is to be hoped that General Havelock vill be able to bear doen All obstacles to the relef of Lucknor, which appears to be his primary object. This being accomplished, it will not ha difficalt to effect a junction with the army before DelNW, should the aiege be protracted so long. Our last accouts from Delhi were of the 22d inst. Four guns hAd been captured by our troops on the 12th, slnce which date the enemy had made no sorties of any irportance. Reinforcements and large supplies of heavy ordnance and am-nmmition were daily expected from Ferozepore, and It was currently believed that we should aoon be iD a position not only to storm the fort but to crush the enemy within its walls. Yet it must not be forgotten that we have long been indulging similar hopes of; speedy success, and so many a rumotar of the fall of Delhi, countenanced on or,e occasion by Qiovernment, has proved unfounded that it is to be feared that even when the event really occurs it will not easily obtain credit. The chiefs of Jheend, Bikanere, and 1'uteealah have asSssted moat materialy. Hissar and Bhutteeana, which. had rebelled, have been re-ocoupied with the Assistance of, one of these auiliaries. To snm up the whole, we feel that matters have passed their worat stage. The mutineers havo done their best, and are now growing disheartened at the comparative fruitlessness of their efforts to overthrow the Government, and we can look forward with unwavering faith to the ultimate Issue of events, controlled by the hand of Providence, which Is ever bringing good out of evil and order out of seeming confusion. We have been punished moat signally as a nation. But our earnest hope is that when we shaU have expiated the ignorance, folly, and maladministration of 100 years the dominion of this country may be restored to us; and that the GoverLment, relteved from the injudicious interference of a body of merchants wnth hearts no larger than their annual dividends, may be adminlstered by men filled with a spirit of wisdom, imbued with a livelier zeal for the interests of aU classes of the governed and a deeper consciousness of their accountability to the Great Governor of the Universe and Judge of Mien. Yours obedientlv. _ fVESTIGATOR. pun agraN Aug. zu.
TO THE EDITOR OF THEB TIMB9 -- - ---d - Sir,-Flattered as I am to see 21ze Times mentioning the article I published In the &vue des Deu= Afondes upon the Indian war, I should still more regret to see my opinions mls. understood, and to see asoribed to me feelings whilch i never expressed and words which I never used. I did not say that the English nation wa3 too selfish; I sid that she was too personal-tbat is, that she hadtoo strong an individuality -for her misfortunes to belooked upon as family uisfortunes by the other nations. I am sure this is a very different meaning from the one which was given to my words by occasional mistakes in your translation. Believ me, &c.. J. LEMOINNE, In fairness to ML J. Lenioinne we shall give a few extracts of the article he published in the Rvue d cs Dcux &toln ds. Md J. Lemoinne, speaking of the unjust cry ralsed against the missionaries and Bible Societies, says:- In the midst of the painful impression caused in England by these events a cry of accusation has been raised, and apinst whom? Against Christian missionaries, against Bible societies, against those men and wvomen vwho devote their lives to the propagation of the GospeL Is it really possible? And is England so low fallen that she be ready to deny that which makes her greatest glory-I should say her greatest strength ? Is it in the English language that such recriminations have been preferred ? Why, if England were not, first of all, a missionary in Asia, who, except the shareholders of her Company-who would care of her living or dying there? What interest does she want the Christian nations to take in the fortunes of her shops? We hear it said that the mutiny of the Indiaus has been provoked by religlous proselytism! We think that these acousations have been preferred at any time when, since 18 centuries Christian liberty has supplanted barbarism or putrid civlizations. the truth is, that in India the official Government has done nothing but to throw obstacles in the way of religious propagandism. * * * * It has done nothing else in the way of reforms butt abolish some customs which were offensive to humanity. These were the true reasons, more than the greased cartridges, which raised the revolt, because in a social organization where the laws and customs form part of the reli gion, any reform which emancipated the citizen was an attack upon the authority of the priest. Ever admitting that England was bound to observe neutrality in religious matters, she did not transgreSs it while securing for all her subjects, of every class and caste, the enjoy. ing of their own liberty, and, if not predicants, thev might at least be policemen. There certainly Is a reproach which England has deserved; it is to have more than once sacrificed to idols, to have made herself by caleclation the adorer, or, at least, the preserver of filthy fetishes, and to have sanctioned by her presence the dirty mysteries of Indian religions. * * * "Some people who object to Greeks revolting against Turks, or Italians against Austrians, because it may disturb the European balance, will call the Indian revolt a tional war. Deep must be those who will detect any sign of nationality in this chaos of hundred million people trodden for centuries by the heels of every conqueror. When at this occasion some people recall to mind the insurrection of the united provinces of America, they forget that there was there a roal nation quite ready to take her place In the world, and precisely a nation of Englishmen." And this is what Mr Lemoinne said of the feelings exclted on the continent by the Indian war, and what was rnistranslated:- "Englishmen must not be deceived; the prevailing feeling is one of il-disguised satisfaction. Popular opinion pays a necessary debt to humanity and to the mcost common propriety whUle it blames the excesses of the matinies; but, this duty once accomplished, it does not conceal Its content. ment. The English nation mnstknow that she is not loved In the world. She is too personal (too much herself) for her misfortunes to be considered by other nations as famiy misfortunes, and she has had too much luck in history not to have raised an Immense envy. There are distinctions to be made between those who rejoice at the present events. The Catholic party in France and on the whole Continent look upon the blow that has befallen England as tho chastisement of heresy, Whatever may be thought of that feeling, at least It is not a vile one. But there is another one, of which the same cannot be said; it is the feeling of the friends of servitude and platitude all over Europe, who, jealous of having seen England preserved from the revolutions which had so violently shaken them, and of seeing her resist to a pressure of liberty ten times greater than the one which had exploded them, exult now at seeing her wounded In the heel, and exclaim, At last it is her turn.' * * * O Of the definitive issne of the struggle we entertain no doubt. It is a living force fighting with a dead one. Sooner or later the thinking reed (as says Pascal) will triumph over the brute force which has fallen upon it like an avalanche, but which brings with it nothing but ruins and ashes. The idea of nationality, the only one which could juatify such a revolution, does not exist An India. Upon no point we see the people lake part with the revolt, and the victors use their triumph of a day only to gore themselves with spoils and blood, ready to run away with their sport. When these Innumerable and unnamed tribes of India shaU have passed through this new domination, when they shall have been trodden, run over, bled by this new invasion as they were by all others, when they shall have seen the country given back to desolation, property to pillage, man to slavery, woman to abjection, then they will accept with joy a return to a regular domination. *! This domination itself will have to change character, and we do not think there Is reason to rejoice at that change. We say it with grief, actual events cannot but have bad results for the liberty of the world; they must aid the triumph of the military element and the spirit of centralization. "Within two or three years Englishmen havo reoeived two severe lessons; one in the Crimea, the second in India. They hbve learnt at their expense that the golden era ws not come, that we were stfll living in an iron age where the nations, even in ful peace1 must sleep with sword in hand. In future, and rmade wise by experience, they will resign themselves to the keeping of a standing army, and they already prepare themselveg for that extremity which their spirit of independence hadalways rejected. As for India, the almost entirely civil govermment Wvhich they entertained there must give place to a militarY occupation and to a kind of great gendarmerie. * * * *usion is impossible between the Christian ad the Mussulman; one must give place to the other. Underneath these religious or social castes which at this moment bresthe their last in a last and bloody convulsion, there are millions of creatures wvho pass through life in darkness, in oppression, in bestiality, and who aro waiting for a ray of light. England has care of souls; she must remember her chargu when she has reconquered India. Then she will acknow ledge that instead of abusing the intervention of her mission. aries she would have done better to encourage and support It. There is in this act of weakness an iumense ingratttude for, we ask, what woald England be wathout the Bible! ' 0 lLcItFlfING lN GLTsaovw.We ate glad to tearn that recruiting has been proceeding vigorously in thie city of late. Since the maonth of April uprds of S00 recruits bave been received and passed; but the great najority of these have entered since the tidings of the Indian aiutinoes came to hand. The numbers recruited In the narious months up till the I9th of October inclusive are :-hpri 17; *May, 16- .uue,37; uly,57; ugus, 85Settember 15-i- Oc toler, up till 19th, 181; fo&r depO<ts of slt ander IS4 ;1~i ments stationed in Glasgow, 254; hti, SIL The recruits Cor these ret. -sits wer.-v prlnvipal.l raised duming the lasi two months.
hIREJ4AD. I~~ I (FNox oup owm -00"m,:-PO.N-pm(z) DUBLIN, .a1VsmDAY XORaSG P9.CItS 5 ON T K RLbU ItANK;S, Letters from the town of Tippe,ra;y, published ia the V'loww,s! (.Ihrouide, state that thter was a partial run on the banks in the former place one Saturday, but it was only no parial that it was expeuted to blow over before the close of business hours. (hi Monday, however, the ran continued on the Bank o Irrland, and the National Bank, at both which offi goI& was freely paid on demand. It was expected that the pressure would inscrease for the next fevt~ daysowing to the propagation of false rumours, and on Tuesday evening, aceozding to one of these-ac Counts,_. "The anxiety to procare gold in exchange for depoits; so general anmong the lower clases of the tenant farmer:s in this neighbourhood, meems to be subsiding to-da?.- At the National and Bank of Ireland all demands' were at once met; And, ovwing to the prompt attention of the managers, Measrs, Carnegie and Horner, confidence is again becoming restored anaong the small depositors, by 'whona alono any fears were enteruined. When we remember the terrible shock which was sustained by the small farmers, particularly in this county, through the filltre of the Tippers5y JointStock Bazk, we are not surprised to find their confidence so easily unhinged; and time alone will prevent them from viewvi each alight event in the monetary wrorld in an exaggerate and unreal light. Though this run has continued since Saturday, there is not the slightest apprehendon among the larger depositors or traders." In the north, too, there, was a slight pressure on two of the local banks, but the attempted rtn was so promptly met that the matter is not notioed in some of the Belfast papers. The Dlste7rnan says O On Saturday a rumour was prevalent in town that there was a screw loose in the BelfLat Bank, and during the entire evening this office was beset by dozens of people anxious to learn the truth of the matter. On Monday we understand there was a alight at. tempt at a run, but it was a lame affair, for the bank could have shoveUed out gold faster than any demad that could have been made upon it. On Tuesday in Armagh a similar atteempt was made, btt with a similar result And the p3nic in a shott time subsided. With regard to the Belfast Bank we can state without hegitation that, constituted as it is, the Bank of England is not safer." THE FUNDS, Three per Cent. Consols, 88. 88 871 ditto, for account, November 10, 881 88 81i; New Three per Cent, Stock, 88$ ; ditto, for account, November 10, 88$ i - Bank Stock, 232h. Dublin and Kingstown Railway De. bentures, 4 Fer cent, of 1001. 99; National Bank of Ireland (25i. paid), 36, Mining Oompany of Ireland (7l. paid, 14A; ditto, for account, 14. RJilWays :-Dublin and Beifast Junction (50. paid, S9e X Great Southern and Western 4 per cent, preference, p aid in full (201.), 17k 18; ditto, for account, 17t 18; Irish &outh.Esstern (121. paid), 7;
SIR E. B. LYTTON O.V INDIAN AFFAIr& On Wednesday Sir E. B. Itton addressed a portion of his constituents at thbmeeting of the Tring Agrcultural Association, which was very fully attended. Lieutenant.Colonel S)iTi D])oRRIEl, of the Herta Mitia, having teturned thanks for the army, Sir E, B. LYTroN rose to respond to the toast of "The County Members." He oald,-Gentlesnen, recolleoting the toast which was drunk at an earlier part of the evening, and considering whose guest I wra last night,-I mean my friend Colonel Smith Dorrien, who responded in a way th;6t Ehowed his manly spirit and his vivid recollection of the deeds of his youth,-I am proud to think that Hertfordshire has contributed so many of theso men to the service of otar country. (Cheers.) Out of that noble body of militia which this eounty produced, and which received, as it doserved, the highest encomluims from tee highest militlry authoritiesm-out of a body of 770 men, under the admirable training o fthe gen. tieman who sits on my right hand (a Herts man), no les than 600 men were contributed to the Line. We nay well' be proud of Hertfordshire, and especially at this mnoment. Ah ! who is there who is not thilnkln of Indial Has there. been a single assembly of this kind, even where tha strictest rules prohibit our touching on anything not immediately bearing on the sabject before uhas there been a single agricultural meeting where a membet of Parliament has addressed his constitnents, when he has not been impeUed by the feeling of the meeting to say something on the condition of India? We all feel confident that no each man would debase such a subject to a party question. (Cheers.) No man, whatever he may think, whatever may be his opinion as to the faults or the merits of particular porties-no man, I say, in this society, and I hope no "an in England, would be baoe enough to make a party question of the British Empire. (Cheers.) In this convivial meeting ve cannot recal-it would cause too deep a pang-all that has taken place In India. Of all that has been said on the sabject lately nothing, to muy mind, has been better or more to the purpose than a letter of Lord Ellenborough. There is no parby splrit there; there is a reservation, so far, for consideration hereafter, as to what may be eur civii or our politiesl duties; but there is the appea of an old Englishman to English courage, English energy English determination. And it is perfectly true. It might be quite possible for us to lose India,-as if India were swept into the ocesn,-and still to remain a great and magnificent people. But it is impossible for as to remain a great people, I will say it is imposstble for us to remain a sAfe people-if we were to lose India in the way we are now threatened. It is impoasible for us to be safe against Europe, it is impossible for us to be safe aginst any of the despots of the eurth, if it eould be said, "England in the plenitude of her strength, England with her countless army, England with all her pride, could alow not only her soldiers, not only the flower of her army, but her women and infants to w massacred, an cease from the contest before she had acbieved a trium. phant, an effectual, a permanent victory." (Cheers.) If we could endure that, I believe the ocean would flow around us In vaLin. I believe the ocean would soon be passed, that as England has beforo now been invaded,- as the sea has been crossed when England had not rmen, as she has now, to de. fend her, so,though similar atrocities could not take plaoe Il this country, the time might come when Englad would have to submit to a foreign despotism. If England loses her reputation, she loses that which distingushes her from the rest of Europe. No doubt there is a goo4} deal which we must calmly consider, which it would not becoane me now to enter On. At present- our duty is not that of calm reflection-our duty is to put down the revolt, and to rally vith all our strength around the executive Government, no matter in whose hands that government is planed (cheers)-the executive Government which represents the Mz.jesty of the Crown, and whose duty it is to preserve the lives of our endangered countrymen. So long as the danger lasts our tongues are in some degree fettered. While they ar putting down the rebellion we must be careful not to utter a single word to weaken their authority. If at this moment. a mad bull were let loose among us I don't think the best grazier in Yorkshire would induce us to listen to a- lecture on the management of hornedcattle in generaL (Longhter.> I think the wisest man would be, not he who could instruct you inthe best method of dealing with dangerous cattle generally, but the man who made the shortest work of the ball. Gentlemen, that is now our object, we mustmake short. work of the bull. (Cheers.) After that wo shall have to consider the wisest, or, what is the same thing, the jastest and mildest manner, consistent with our empire, of managing the wild cattle we shall have to subdue and tame, (Cheers.> Christianity imposes on us great obligations, The whole question connected with India is so difficult that we ought to have the greatest indulgence for the errors of any Governnmeat that may bave preceded us, and to oonsider carefully, wisely, and without any spirit of party, how wo may best doour duty to God and to that vast population oomtmitted toour sceptre. (Cheers.) Lientenant.oolonel S}ru DoRi1Ers then rose and saidi - Sir Edward, in the name of the officers, non.commissione't offioers, and men, I have to thank you for the very handsome manner in which you have spoken of them. I have only one regret, that, when we see the militia of almost all ead out, this regiment, though, as you have. been told, of high standing with the military authorities, has not been called out. It is no fault of mine. I havotried all the interest I possessed to get the lerts- boys, a regiment I always was prouad of commanding; coled out. I blame nobody publicly that we are not. The reason is that in every other regiment interest has been used to have it callod oat, and none has been used for the Herts. Militia. Should we have the honour of being called outI know the regiment will do creditv to the county in any part of the united kingdom to which It may be sent, and should its services be needed abroad I know the Rerts lads vwll cheerfully volunteer for any part of the world where their services may be reqnired. (Loud cheers.)-
T'i Nici oF Ti-mE.-.i. the lats Earl Fithar. dinge's rent-roU is supposed to have bOen about 40,OOOh a-yea-, a nice point, it Is remairked, may ariee on the question of the precise hour of his death, hbieh is announced as having taken place "about midnighY? between the 1Oth. andt Ilth inst. Ilis rents are payabl at "1old tine," thah Is, Old Lady-day and Old Micheelanas-day. Old Michaelmas, day fell this year on Sunday, the ibth inst., and the.d43 begins at ridnight. Now, the rent is due upon the firsf moment of the day it beowmes due, so that ab onie sooosd beFond 12 o'Mlock of the 10th inst. rent psayabe.At Old Mchaelmas-day is in law due. B 'he earl died before 12 the rents belon to tho parties tehing the esbate, but if after 12 then tbey elonR to, and form par' of, bri personal estate, so that the diSerence of one minur ighglt involve a question as to the title of abolt 20,0001.-a nice questio ,' for lanyers.-GuartVan. ThE PAST AND T'D FuTrR .-An angraving in the raRed sty,le by F. Roll, after a water.c4vlout picture by Miss M. Gillies, the well-known mrin.sturo painter, recenty exhibited in the Manabester col',ection, as been publlsbed by Messrs. Fores, of PlOcad.ly. It repreeents two sisters, the one "sighing o'er burierA hopes," the other in expectation of bappiness and of a joyf.i future. The group is well drawn and the express1on of the varied feehngs characteristio and natural. 'The contrast between hope and sorrow in the countenauces of the sisters is giver with artistic effect, and is such as oily an exporienc hand could delineate. The attitudes arp neither strained hanr affected, nor Is there any attempt at exaggeration oheat %I display, The whole Is subduq and gra^eflol,
FOZPEIGA INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (FROM OUR ow0 CORRESPONN.) [A kottionof the ffOling appe-red la our sond edi. tion or yesedy, I PAIII, OcT. 21, 8 .M A private letter from Madrid, of the 16th, re]marks as follows on the Ministerial crisis, w;ich does not seem to have as yet attained its definitive solution:- "The telegraph Will have long slnce lnformed you of the partial solution of our Ministerial crisis-a orisis which has been long and painfuL A very aninated discussion took place at tho Palace, In presence of ,the Queen, between Bravo lurlllo and Armero, who proposed eaoh a different system These systems differed, it is true, but only in form, for, in reality, the party to which both belong has ever governed arbitrarily. The other persons who were present took a share in the coatroversy, and sided with the one or the other according to their respective views. After bearing all that was said pro aud co., the. Queen took some time to consider, and, as youare already aware, Armero came off with flying colours. Her Majesty, however, with the spirit of conciliation which characterizes her, sum. noned to her presence one of the vanquished combatants, a friend of Bravo Murillo, and a man of the highest honour, and declared to him that she greatly appredated his loyalty, his disinterestedness, and his patriotism. Her Majesty thus keeps Armero, and at the same time pays flatter. ing compliments to the others. We are now waiting to learn the names of the colleagues of Armero and Monfor the latter is the aUter ego of the former. You will have perceived that the Polacos have nothing whatever to do with this arrangement, and that the Reformers of Bravo Ilurilo as well as the Absolutists are excluded ; and if the Vicalvarists (the O'Donnoll section) be also set aside, I do mot see how the new Ministry can get on, The Moderados were never more broken up into fractions than now, and it would seem that Her !ajesty, In wishing to reoconcile the dissentient parties, meant to expose to the publio the disunion which exists in the whole party. Add to these discordant elements General Narvaez, who is furious at the overthrow of his Ministry, and who would stop at nothing if his power, his inflnence(whlch,by the way, is nnl), and his courage were on a par with hls anger and his hatred against oetiain powerful persons, both in the Palace and out of it. Such is the picture presented by the Moderado party at the close of the year which has elapsed since they upset, by means of a coeup d'A*, a Government which they and others were wont to call ' anarchical.' Yet that anarchical Government found in the Treasury, on Its accession to power, just 3,0001., and It left 100,000,000f., -while the Narvsez Ministry leaves 400,000,000 of reals floating debt, the State coffers empty, and the year's budget spent, not to speak of 300,000,000 reals of the Mirds Loan also exhausted. What a difference between the men of anarchy and the so-called men of order I It is pro1,able that Narvaez will return to his retreat in the provinces, or wing his flight to France, where he will, as usual, present himself as a victim. Yet in this heis sincere; Narvaez is a victim whenever he quits power; and during the period of his exdusion from it he grows into an ultraliberal, You must, then, count in him a revolutionist the more, and one not among the least ardent of the band. It Is, however, fortunate for public tranquillity and for the Throne that he is only a revolutionist In intention (you know what materals our nationa proverb at. tributes to the pavement of a place that shall be nameless), in thought, and in theory. O'Donnell told him so to his face in full Senate apropos of the Revolution of 1854. Then, also, Narvaez promisead 'to come when wanted,'-but he never came; he was illOther Generals presented themselves in the field, and had not, like Narvaez, the misfortune to fall ill so inopportunely. There are many like him who promise ' to come,' but do not keep their word. This, however, is ancient history, and there is no use in reverting to it. Who the colleagmes of Armero wlUl be no one can at this moment say to a certainty." The Duke and Duchess de Montpensier arrived on the 17th at Genoa. The Mnmitintr de 1'AThi& is one of the French papers which takes a calmer view of passing events in India, and it criticizes some of its contemporarie, the Patrie for instance, which, under the disguise of <<a plain statement of facts," induces its readers to conclude that the Indian mutiny wil not be so easily suppressed as the last letters from India led n8 to believe. The Mntiteiwr de 1' Armde says:- " No doubt the last accounts do not indicate any decisive results, such as can only be expected on the arrival of the line' of reinforcements whicl was still on its way when the last despatches left. It is likewise certn that fresh mutinies have broken out, as might be expected, in the distriets evacuated by the British troops and authorities, as oell as in those over which hordes of insurgents have spread; but we do not see in these facts, unpleasant as they may be, anything calculated to justify the alarms manifested by an evening paper, which thinks It can discover in them the proof of a powerful organization of the revolt by energetic chiefs. These chiefs the writer of the article abstains from making known, and we have no other indications of their existence than these gratuitous suppositions. We cannot share In these pessimist oplnions-it appears to us more natural to count on the efficiency of the English army, directed with the unanimity which the energetic ation of a Commander-in-Chief must give It who is celebrated for his great military capacity, together with the exellent discipline of the regular troops plaeod under his orders, against forces of the lowest miUtary value, under tbu command of officers without merit or affeotion for each other. We have aeen with pleasure the measures prescribed by the Governor. General of lndia to stop all violent reactlon against inoffensive populations, as well as all capital punishment of rebels cap. tured with artms in their hands, without previous trial and special authority. This isa favourable return to sentiments of humanity no les thaa of justice-the natural consequences of the honourable prdnciples of that eminent nation whose troops have nobly to revenge the most odious excesses. We have likewise remarked the opinion londly expressed of the indispensable necesity for a dictatorial power in the hands of the Commander-in-Chief to re-establish British authority In the insurgent provinces. There ideas are completely in harmony with those which we have repeatedly expressed and we are more than ever convinced that without such a power there is no chance of durable success." A letter from Rome, of the 14th inst., Informs us that the Holy Father left the Vatican at 1.0 that morning for Civita Vecchia. Ele arrived at halfpast 11 at the post town of Castello di Guido, which was splendidly decorated by order of the Archbishop of Palencia. His Holiness likewise stopped at Polo, where he entered thes church cmd examined the children in their catechism. At half, past 3 the Holy Father arrived without accident at Civita Vcechia. He was greeted with salvoes of artillery and the ringing of the bells of all the churches. The governor of the town met him at the gate, presented him the keys, and the municipal body offered their respects. The Pontiff was received at the Cathedral by Cardinal Agolini and several Bishops. After the adoration of the Sacrament the Holy Father gave the Apostolie benediction to an immense multitude. Se afterwards admitted the prelates, clergy, and several Roman and French offlicers to kdss his foot. After sunset the Pope embarked in a pleasure boat to see the Illuminations of the port. Onthefollowing day he v isited the French Military Hospital and granted an audience to General de Goyon, who bad just returned from Naples. Th Three per Centas closed to-day At 661. 70c. for We end of the mouth, and the Forrand-a-Half per Cents. at 90. 50c. ; Orleans R ilwsy Shares, 1,315f.; Great Northern, 870f,; Straubrg, 680f.; Neow Shares, 672f. S0c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranen, 826f.; Western of Frarwe, 667f£ SOc.; Bordeaux and Cette, 660f. ; Great Central of France, 601f. 25c.; Lyons and Genevar 6SOf.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 762f. 60c.; Auswtrim Railways, 665f. ; Roman Railways, 490f.; Rusi Rainway, 601S. 23c. Cours Aulhcahique.-PARJs, Ociober 2L-Cash Pice, Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years) 901. 7lc.50c., Four per Cenits., 791.; Three per Cents., 66t, 80oc. 75c. 70c. 76c. 5c6; Cridit Fonder, Obligatons of 500f., Four per Cents, 4271. 50c.; ditto Three per Cents., 885 - ditto Teaths, Thre per Cents., 8(5f.; Prom. Obligations oi 2,0001., Three per Cents., 92f. 50c.; Cr6dit Mobiler, 780. 785!. 780f. 777f. 50c. 771f. 25c. 767f. 5Oc. 765f. - DiscounLt Bank, 660f.; Pledmontese Five per Cents., 90i. 25c. O0c. 15c. 90f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 88f.; Relgian Your-ands-Half per Centa., 981; Fente de Naples (Rothschild), 113Romans, 87 88 871 88; Spanish Inteor Debt, 37h . Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 251. 271o,; money, 25f, 25c.; three monxt s, paper, 24f. 82.jo.; money, 24f, 80oc. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR OWN COPcRRMPONfDPNT.) BERLIN, OCT. 20, The following are the last two bulletins that have been published here as to the state of theXing's health:- " Ris Majesty the King has slept undisitubedly duing tho whole night; nevertheless, and in spte of his improved appetite, which is returning by degrees, there is only a very slow increase of strength to be noticed. Sas Souci, Oct. 18, 11j o'clock am.' "His Majesty the King has passed last night also in tranquil sleep) with but slight nRWuptiQBps MA ZD*jesty state is in all other respects pretty muoh the awe as yesterday. " Sans Soucl, Oct. 19, 11. o'clock a.m." The only remark that I have to off'er on these two official buUetinx is, that they refrain from describing the King's state as one of satisfctory and hopeful improvement. This is a homage to truth, which, I am sorry to say has become very imperatively necessary of late, inasmuch as the duration of nearly the same state, both of bodily and mental weakness, for now a full week, hab shown the incorrectness of the over-sanguine hopes at firat Indulged in. All that can be stated in the way of improvement is, that the King is able, with assistance, to walk about his room several times a-day; that on Saturday he even left his room for a short visit to the Queen's apartments; and that on Sunday he was enabled to sit at table to dinner. In sad and sober truth, the Ring is regaining strength of body and the exercise of his mental faculties very slowlry indeed-far too slowly to admit of the business of government waiting for his reconvalescence, and the less so, as the arrears of busness that have already accumulated would amply tax the bodily and mentali powfers of the strongest man to master them. The probabilities of a Regency being instituted appear to me to be just now on the inrea, and if realized will be matter of congratulation, since both for the country and for the Prince of Prumsia it would be a far preferable state of things to a provisional administration of the business of the Govermment merely in the name of the King, as being more definite and conferng a greater degree of liberty on the temporar holder of power. The slowness of the progrees in then recoveryoffers strong grounds for the presumption that he will be "prevented for a l'ngthened period" from exercising his monarchical functions, and the certificate of his medical attendantsto that effect when called on officially to pronounce their opinion on the subject would form the con titutional basis for an assumption of the Regency by the Prince of Prussia; but, as to the willingness of the latter to do this, so long as his brother is sufficiently in poesion of his faculties to entertain and express a disinclination and oppodtion to that step, the strongest doubts must be entertained. The toning down of the bulletins, whether arising from medical conviction or from Ministerial management, points also to a renunciation of all hopes of a recovery within any period that the business of the country can admit of being kept waiting. We hear, further, ofthe Queen's having within the last day or two made some attempts, without success, to mduce the King to sign the document empowering lila brother to act in his namne; a pieeo of informatlon which, otherwise not very reliable, acquires rerdibility and consistency from the efforts of certain off 3 correspondenta to persuade the world there never has been any such document thought of. In the event of a Regency being instituted, it is by no means improbable that the Xing wiU as soon as his strength admits of it, proceed to gratify a desire he has long had of visiting the classic }and of Italy, a pleasure which he has long envied his own subjects their freedom to procure for themselves. Whether he will be able on that occasion also to carry out a plan he has entertained for some years,of proceeding to Greece and to the HolyLand, must, however, in reason be doubted. There are quantities of small anecdotes of the sayings and doings of the chief actors in this melancholy episode in the history of Prussia, which, having been duly commaunicated in confidence by persons more or less remotely connected with the Royal circle with all possible injunctions of the strictestsecrecy,arenownmaking the round of all the tea-tables in the town; but I refrain from detailing to your readers these apocryphal tit-bits' and strive rather to offer them a correct judgment of the state of the ase after due sifting of the evldence. The apprehensions that were entertained some days back in Ministerial circles of a probable demise of the Crown, and a consequent change in the proprietorship of certain portefetites, are rapidly decreasing with the improved prospects of the iung's recovery sooner or later, and the increasing conviction that as long as there is any ehance of that recovery the Regent or other representative of the Royal authority will not proceed to make any radical changes at variance with the King's will as exhibited in the existing state of Ministeria arrangements. The same change has come over the mental complexion of divers occupants of Court functions, and the various representatives of the many different shades of political bias, whom it has always been the King's pleasure to surround himself with, as with a political kaleidosoope, that ofers new and fanciful political combinations at every fresh turn of his hand. The same writh the various male and female politicianx, who play their parts, more or less small, under the shadow of the Queen's name and dignity. AlU these three classes, and 0i those who depend upon them for preservation in their present posts or promotion to better ones, are now beginning to tranquillize their ruffled spirits and to oheer up themselves and each other with the assurance that the worst danger (for them) is now past. Among many wild and improbable conjectures as to what was likely to ensue should the Kings illness have taken a fatal turn, the possibility of a change in the occupancy of the throne has led to obscure references in certain circles to a R"usgesetz, or code of statutes for the guidance of the Royal family on family matters, with the very apocryphal allegation that this acusgesetz precludes any Agnate of the Crown, otherwise qualified to succeed to it, from mounting the throne, if he have accomplished or reached (I do not know which) his 60th year. Now the Prince of Prussia has just completed the fint half of his 61st, and consequently the existence of such a statute and its being enforced would exclude the Prince and Princess of Prussia from the throne of these realms. It is matter of fact, however, that as often as controverted points of family business, arising from complications among the members of the Royal family of Prussia, have come to be made the subjects of litigation, and references have been made to this invisible Hausgasetz, the jurists concerned have always demanided, but in vain, that this alleged authority should be produced in a documentary form. This has never been done; at the same time no satisfactory reason has ever been given why it has always been refused; the easiest conclusion, therefore, that is left open to the sceptical is, that the said Hausgesetz Is a myth, an impalpable fiction to disquiet feeble minds with; and, while entertaining strong doubts as to the existence of these statutes, we must not refuse to admit to our minds an equally strong conlviction that the Prince of Prussia is not very likely to let a provision of this kind stand in the way between him and his rights whenever the reversion falls in. The Prince of Wales paid the Princess of Prussia a visit at Coblentz on the 16th inst., while on his way homewards down the Rhine. The Prince had intended to arrive at that town the day before, but a thick fog, that covered the Rhine and its banks, compelled the steamer to anohor off Bingen, where his Royal Highness pawsed the night. On arriving at Coblentz one of the Princess's Chamberlainsswas in waiting to receive the Prince at the landing-place, and conducted him and his suite to the Palace; thence, alter a stay of about an hour and a half, the Prince of Wales was conducted by the Princess of Prusia herself to the banks of the river, vvhere he re-embarked. As General Tootleben is just now staying at Coblentz, and is a frequent visitor at the Palace, it is more than probable that General Codrlngton, who was in the Prlnce'a suite, had an opportunity of renewing his former Crimean acquaintance on more pleasing ground and on a more pleasant footing. Prince Frederick Wlliam of Prussia kept his birthday last Sunday perfectly quietly at B3abels- berg, and, with the exeption of his having a few of his younger relatives to dine with him, the day passed of with no particular observance. The demon. strations that are uually made here on these anniversaries were omiitted on this ocasion on account of the King's illness. The young Prince comes to Berlin from tirae to time to inspect the works going on at his palace, which is now rapidly approaching completion. AUSTRIA (FROM OUR OWN OORV POlNDn2.Tr.) VD3XNA, Oor.19. o In the evening of Saturday the principal creditors of Boscovitz and Co. had a second meeting with the representatives of the Credit Bank, and after a short discussion the following arrangement was made:1. The Credit Bank engages to advance from 30 to 50 per cent. on all bills bearing the signature of Boecovitz and Co.; that is, one-third or one-half of the amount of the bill wi be advanced to the creditor on his consenting to leave it as security in the haWLd Qf tbQ Crodit Bnk, 2, Bacl creditor giyes a written promize to the Credit Bank that if the affairs of the bankrupts uoa not wounnd up witlSin six months, or if the proceeds of their eatate are not equal to their debts, he will pay to the Bank that part of the amount of the bill for yrhiac it has no security. 3. The Credit Bank advances money to the amount of 1,000,00OOfL and, besides, undertakes to mediate betweenthe bank. rupts and their creditors. 4. As the public papers strongly objected to the original proposition of the Credit Bank, that its claims on the estate of the bankrupts should have a right of precedence and ba discharged in full, that inatitution expressed its willingness to take its chance with the other creditors if they conented to pay 2 per cent. foe the money advanced. This last proposition wai ergerly accepted, but still the matter cannot be considered deinitively settled, as many of the creditors of Boscovitz and Co. were not present at the meeting. The liabilities of Messrs. Bo3covitz are 1,800,000fl. in billsand278,0001L. in book-debts. Duringthe last two or three days there has been a lull, but it is probable that the crisis is very far from being at an end. Information was given me this morning that one or tro manufacturing firms had suspended their payments, but no naraes can be mentioned until the report has received complete confirmation. Durimg the last week or ten days the feeling of the Austrians towards the English has undergone a change, and yesterday the Oesterrechische ZeitunX contained a very violent leader againt TIe Times and its " volunteer correspondents" in India. The author of the article, who is well aware that the Viennese rarely have the means of verifying the assertions of the writers for the press, has purposely confounded the letters addressed to 'he Tvmes with its leading articles, and the consequence is, that very many of the inhabitants of this city believe that the British troop. in Indta have been recommended to wage war against women and children, In imitation of that monster Nena Sahib. The attack of M. Warrens-the author of the article-is so excesively violent, that he must have had some special reason for making it; and it has been suggested to me tht his pea may possibly have been employed by some of the Vienna merchants and bankers, who are just now extremely wrath with the English because they have considered it advisable to curtail their credit. The Riverain States Commission concluded its labours some time ago, but there must be something in the protocols vehlch Is not to the taste of the Porte, for it has not yet consented to ratify what the Os-Deutsche Post calls the " convention." Now, the Riverain States cannot form any convention relative to the navigation of the Danube without having previously consulted the other parties to the treaty of March 30, for it is distinctly said in Article 19 that the regulations concerning theDanube must be made " d'usw commurs accord." The States lying on the Danube would fain settle the matter "e famie," but they wll not be allowed to do so, for France, Russia, England (and probably Prussia), are firmly resolved that the freedom of the Danube shall be somothing more than an empty phrase. The only indemnification England and France are likely to get for the tremendous saorifices made during the war is the privilege of importing raw preduce from the Danubian Principalities, and of paying for it in manufactures conveyed in English and French bottoms. The Austrian Governmenlt is extremely jealous of everything that is done by other Powers on the Danube; but her jealousy is of no avail, for the other European Powers have acquired rights which they will never consent to forego. Some of the Austrian and Prusian organs of the prem have recently been at variance on the Holstein-Lauenburg question. According to the one party, the matter is to be brought before the German Diet; according to the other, the Duchies are to be left to fight their owvn battle with Denmark. The truth of the matter is, that both Austria and Prussia are, "' in principle," indlined to supDort the Duchies; but, fortunately for Denmark, they have not the courage to put their principles into practice. Some months ago the two great German Powers used very menacing language towards Denmark, but France, Russia, and England reminded them that there was an European side to the Danish-Holstein question, and since that time they have been much more pacific. The matter was not referred to the Bund, because one of the great Powers (France) hinted that such a step might nossibly lead to a European war. On the 26th inst. the Customs' union between Austria andc Parma will be at an end, and heavier dutles wil be imposed on the cattle and wine coming from the Italian duchy into this empire. Not long since the Parmesan Government demanded a larger allowance for the quarters of the Austrian officers who oecupy the fortress of Piacenza, but the applieation was rejected. It may be observed that the sum paid by Austria to Parma for the quarters of her officers is that which was fixed 30 and more years ago. The newest version of what occurred at Belgrade on the 9th inst. is, that an attempt actually was made to take the life of Prince Alexander, but a member of the Diplomaicd Body positivelydenies that such was the case. It appears that the man who was to have killed the Hospodar eommunicated his inteition to a friend or relative, and that the latter warned the Prince to be on his guard. Some time after the two ex-Ministers were arrested several other Senators who were in opposition to the Government were taken into custody. A person who has recently returned from the Danubian Principalties informs ms that Sir Henry Bulwer displays great tact, and i3 very popular, "although he declines to humour the whims and fancies of the IJltras." The speech made by the British Commissioner to a deputation of the Moldavian Divan created some sensation. He explained to his hearers that the Divans would be divided into " committees of classes," whose duty it would be to communicate to the Commission the wishes of the different classes of society. " The duty of the Commiassioners," said Sir Henrys " is to draw up their report according to the inestructions laid down for them. You, gentle. men, as deputies, have nothing more to do than t assist us in making our report as correct as possible. We Bhall not go beyond our sphere, and you musg not go beyond yours. In speaking thus I give you the best proof of friendship, and I am your sincere friend." According to my informant, Prince Vogorides is a short, stout man, with an extremely unprepossess0ing countenance. The British Commissioner, and probably M. de Basily also, returned from Jassy to Bucharest on the 10th inst. Matters are not going on as well as could be wished in Hungary. The country daily becomes more insecure, and the boldness of the robbers passes all belief. There are but four regiments of Gen. darmerie in the whole of Hungary, and it stands to reason that 4,000 Gendarmes cannot maintain order in a country of such enormous extent without the aid of the military power. Now, for some reason or other, the Gendarmes and the troops of the Line do not pull well together, and it is known to the freebooters that such is the case. The Roman Catholic Bishops are also becoming troublesome to the authorities, who are, however, by no means surprised that they are so. All Hungarian with whom I have spoken on the subject agree in thinking that Government will find it extremely difficult to get in the taxes lthis year, so great is the dearth of money. The great landel proprietors anl peasants have more corn than they know what to do with, but cash they have little or none. Some extremely interesting experiments were made at Krems last week with gun-cotton. It was found that the power of guncotton in comparison with that of the powder commonly used for blasting was as tnree to one. In mining operations the difference was not so remarkable, but a couple of pounds of gun-cotton applied petardfashion produced as great an effect as three times as much powder. It mUst be observed that the way in which the gun-cotton used by the Austrian artillery is prepared is kept profoundly secret. THE DANUBIAN PRINCIPAITS. A telegram from Vienna, dated Tuesday evening, the 20th inst., says :- "The Divan of Moldavia yesterday voted almost unanimously the following principles:- " Self-governmnent of the Principalities conformably to the treaties with the Porte, whose rights are admitted. "I Union of the two provinces under a princ belonging to a dynasty of the West. " A representative form of government, and neutrality of the new State." The Nord of Brussels publishes the above " with reserve." SARDINIA. (FROM oun OWir COx sroxEnsxDr.) TURIN, OCT. 17. In reply to the repeated assertion of the Cavaliere Lumley Woodyear de Lumley, which I men- tioned In my letVr t.rday5 to h the oefck tAt tlte Pledmontese Government had spontaneously offered to the Neapolitan Government to expel 26 persons, political rbugeee, being subjects of His Majesty the King of the Two Sicilles, from the SardinianStates, the Piedmon,tese Gazette to-day gives the following oflficiad contradiction: "The joarnals of Turin publish a letter from Naples in which is given a list of the names of 26 Neapolitan and Sicilian emigrds vwhom, It is supposed, the Government of the King had promised to the Governmont of the Two Sicdiles to expel from the Sardinian Stateg. We have already declared that all this Is a mere invention, and today we confirm that declartion without reservation, observing how to this fable, emanating from private sources, the Government of the Two Sicilies has already given an anticipatory denial by the silence of its official journal." The honour of the Cavallere de Lumley, if not of the 'whole house of Lunaley-Woo-dyear, is now evidently at stake on the issue of this question. In hii letter to the papers here yesterday the Cavaliere sald :_ " I coat back the denial to the Srdinlan Ministry with all the force and energy given to a man of honour by the consciousnesw of his own dignity ;"1 and, "In support of mJy asertions, and In evidence of their exactitude, I no longer hedtate to give publiclty to the nominal list of the 26 persons designated by the Sardinian Cabinet as those who should be the objects of the measure of expulsion." Thin was in allusion to the formal contradiction given to his firnt assertion in the Armonia by the Piedtontese Gaztte, and it now' evidently remaina for him to prove the existence of the note from the Sardinian to the Neapolitan Governmnent, offering to expel these refugees, or at least to get the Neapolitan oficial paper to confirm his statement, since the Sardinian Cabinet has now twice distinctly declared that his assefrions are false, while the Neapolitan Government, for whom he says he enters the lats of journalism from pure iove and respect, leaves him without any moral support. The Armnia, in concluding an article on this subject to-day, says,- " In fine, we invite Signor lattazd to put an end to this controversy. He knows as well as we do how dangerous this dispute is for the fame of the Pledrnontese C^binet. We tell him that we wli not code, and that we are ready to revea to the end the secrets badly kept, in order to make known to the country how undignified it is to confide the direction of our aftairs internally and externally to a Mnistry that makes us the laughing-stock of all the nations." The Aumcia, no doubt, calculates on turning the Cavaliere de Lumley's discoveries to some account in the general elections, and may probably go on from one mare's nest to another, regardless of the most authentic contradictions; but as long as such stories rest only on the ex parte statements of the Am7nmtia and its correspondents they are not likely to have more weight with the community at large than the evidences brought forward by the same journal of miraculous pictures and statues. A letter from Sapari, in the Island of Sardinia, dated October 10, gives the following account of the crops there:- " After the comfortless news In my last, It is gratifying to me to give you now a better account of our harvest, since, though we may regret a mediocrity this year, it Is only fair to add that the imagination blackened everything so much beforehand that it wvs expected to be worse than it really turned out to be. In fact, Ican assure you that the grain harvest has all been above the average. That of wheat especially, it not above good years, was certainly not below, Saparl Imports in grain nearly 40,000 hectolitres, of which quantity about 2,000 are exported to the neighbouring com. munes and the continent. If, besides, it Is considered that a great part of the grain is exported direct from the place of production without entering the city, and that another part Is there stored, there is no great reason to fear a de. ficiency of alimentary materal for the people of Saparl in the coming winter. " The same may be said of the wine. Although the damage done by the crittogramnme has, with reason, been lamented, yet up to yesterday 23,473 hectolitres of wine have been brought into the city. Calculating that the vintage is half over, or thereabouts, you see there is room to hope for the production of the grapes, In years of abundance Sapari produces more than 100,000 hectolitres of wine, but of late years it has produced less than the present; so that we find a satisfactory improvement now. In the vineyard country round here the harvest has been equally good, and the price of old wine has shown It in being greatly dimindsh. * ce it came In competitlon with the new, This may astonish you, perhaps; but the necessity for meeting contracted debts, and especialy the taxgatherer, obligee the smnall proprietors to sell at once. The price of new wine, which almost all the people consume, Is from 20 to 30 cuntealmi the litre. Thus, the price bas diminished one-third. " Strong winds cause fear for the olives, but as yet those that fall have all been submitted to the press, although not quite ripe, after having been left to dry a little. "The apple harvest is commencing. The fruit is generally good and abundant." SPAIN. The Madrid journals of the 17th hrve arrived. The Epoca says that M. Martinez de la Rosa, in an interview with the Queen, had laboured to convince Her Majesty that her dynasty and liberal institutions are inseparable, and that Admiral Armero, who was present, said the same thing. The same journal says that the first act of Queen Isabella, after receiving the oaths of Admiral Armero as President of the Council, was to direct that a criminal condemned to death at Valencia should have his sentence commated. Three journalists YMM UlloaAsquerlno, and Asencio, had waited on 1. Bermudez de Castro, the new Civil Governor of Madrid, and had represented to him that several hundred citizens were detained in prison without knowing why, and that it was just that they should be either brought to trial or liberated. The Civil Governor, who received them with great urbanity, said that he would without delay examine into the affair, and would render justice. It was reported that the Duke de Valencia (Narvaez) intended to take up his residence at Loja or Bayonne; other accounts say, however, that he meant to go abroad. The Gazette announces that the Queen has entered the ninth month of her pregnancy. - PORTUGAL, LIVZRPOOL, Tn1uRsDAY MiORNUG. The Cin,tra steamer has arrived, with Lisbon dates of the 15th inst. The Babiana, steam transport ship, with troops for India, left the Tagus, with neowlifeboats and all essential repairs, on the 12th, in the evening,having been detained only 36 hours to refit. She is reported to have proved a first-rate seaboat in the -heavy gales of the 7th, 8th, and 9th inst., when she lost her three lifeboats, deck-house, &c. The troops on board left Lisbon in good health, and did not communicate with the shore. The Royal mail packet Tyne, with the outward mails, left Lisbon for Brazil on the 14th, at 3 p.m. The last fever bulletin at Lisbon reports 236 cases and 76 deaths during 24 hours, up to the 13th at 10 p.m.
CIIARGES OF FORGEnY AGAINST A HULL COPs MERcHnINr.-A meeting for the choice of masIgnees and poof ofdebts, "In Re Hemsd tBright,"was heldatthe kull Bankptoy Court on edswday, when Mr. John B. Ringrose ana Mr. Elijah Meggitt were selected as trade assignees, and debts to the amount of 0l1,4371.18g. 2d. were proved, Including 86 1071. by the asignees of Messr& Harrison, Watson, and (50 11,8121. by Messrs. Samuel Smith, Brotbers, and Co.; 1,t4L. 12. Id. by Messrs. Peas and LiddelU- and 5671. Is. 8d. by the Governor and Company of the k of England. After these proceedings Mr. England, on behalf of the assignees, asked for a private examination of the bankrupt, which the commissioner, Mr. West, granted. In consequenco of the disclosures made at that examination the bkrupt ws placed in the prlsoner's dock at the police court at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, oU a charge of forgery in the endorsement of six bills of exchange, and so with uttering those bills with a guilty knowledge of their being forgeries. Mr. England, who preferred these accusations, then called Mr. Payne, the registrar of the Court of Bankruptcy, who roduced the written examination of the prisoner before Ytr. Wr-l that day, but it was not read. Six bills of exchange were exhibited and marked to facilitate future investigations, Mr. England stating that the forgery with which the pri soner was now charged was that of entering a false name on the bill marked A. Mr. Payne also produced all the proceedings in reference to the prisoner's bankruptcy. zIr. Wells, on behalf of the prisoner, applied that the proceedings should be at once read, in order that the prisoner might not be unnecessarili detained In custody. This was refused. hfr. Wells then applied to the Court to admit the prisoner to baiL Mr. James Holden, who had just entered the court, here rose and said, it was his most painful and grievous duty to prefer against the prisoner a very serious charge of forgery. The late Mr. Taylor, of Hull, he said, who wasthe partnerof Mr. Bright, had a numberof railway shares, and his son Mr. IL L Taylor had also some shares in his name. On Inquiry at the office of the York, Newcastle and Berwiok ailaway Company, a few days ago, Mr. Taylor found, to his surprise and grief, that a transfer of those shares had been made, both his own and his father's name having been written upon them, but he believed those signatures were forgeries. Mr. Robert L Taylor was then called and corroborated the foregoing statement, adding that his father had 144 shares and he himself had 58 He was satisfied that the shares had been transferred by a forged document. The name of the witneasto the document was "EL S. Bright.' After some conversation betwhen the magistrate, Mr. Travis, and the attorneys, the prisoner was remanded until Wedneeday next, and he was subsequently removed to the Igol in a cab.
BAIKESS DIABY.* (Concluded from Yhc Times of October 21.1 Though residing chiefly wilth his Parisian friends, and only crossing the channel occasionally, Mr Rlaikes is still full of the current gossip and cherished iemniniscenoe3 of Ellnglish "society." Begimuing with the most exalted personage, we have already, in a passage extracted some time since, remarked how Sir R. Peel stated he acquired influence Swith Her Majesty, and how he described the ingenious process. Thus, on Monday, the 16th of October, 1843, a very well-informed lady- "Lady Cowley gave a very interesting account of her visit to Elu. " On one occasion at Eu, In the garden, the young Princes climbed up a peach tree and presented fruit to the Queen, which she received very graciously from them; bat the Prince de Joinville said to Lady Cowley, ' Je crans que votra Reine ne nous trouve un pen trop gamin.' "Ihe Queen of the Belgians had told her mother that the Queen alwvays drank a glass of iced water at 10 o'clock; in consequence of which one of the attendants at that hour brought her a waiter, on which wrere a decante rand tvo glasses; but this shxe declined, and it was plaed on a "The Queen of the French saw th%, and, gneing the reason, told the Prince de Joinville to pour out a lss and offer it to Her Majesty; which he did, and It was forthrwith accepted. Then came Lord Liverpool, who had not observed this, hurrying in with another glas of water; bat It was too lato for the exorcise of his post." Of the shifts to confer or withhold preoedence at Royal ceremonials the following illustration was communicated to Mr. Raikes by the Duke of Wellington:- " Tuesda, September 2S, 1843.-This morning at breakfast the Dal . said to me, 'Did you hear what happened at the wedding 1 meaning that of the lrincess AuguRta of Cambridge. Replying in the negative, be continued, ' When we proceeded to the signatures the King of Hanover was very anxious to sign before Prince Albert, and when the Queen approached the table he placed himself by her side watching his opportunity. She knew ve2 well what he wag about, and, just as the Archbishop was giving her the pen she suddenly dodged round the table, placed herself next to the Prince, then quicldy took the pen from the Archbishop, igned, and gave it to Prince Albert, who also signed next, before it eould be prevented. " The Queen was also very anxions to give the preoedence at Court to King Leopold before the King of Hanover, and she consulted me about it, and how it should be arranged. I told Her Majesty that I supposed it should be settled as we did at the Congress of Vienna. 'How was that,' said she, 'by first arrival? 'No, Ma'am,' said I, 'alphabeti. cally, and then, you know, B. comes before H.' This pleased her Very much, and it was done." The gradual discovery of the importance of railroads to society-to which we had recently occasion to advert in our account of George Stephenson-is indicated by a Court anecdote confided to Mr. Raikes by Lord Clanwilllam. " Clanwilliam mentioned this evening an incident whioh proves the wonderful celerity of the railroads. Mr. Isidore, the Queen's coiffeur, who rweceives 200D. a-year for dressing Her Majesty's hair twice a-day, had gone to London in the smorning, meaning to return to Windsor in time for her toilet; but on arriving at the station he was just five minutes too late, and saw the train depart without him. His horror wa,reat, as he knew that his want of punctuality would deprve him of his place, as no train would star for the next two hours. The only resource was to order a special train, for which he ws obhged to pay 181. ; but the establishment feeling the importance of his, business, ordered extra steam to be put on, and conveyed the anxious hairdresser 18 miles in 18 minutes, which extricated him from all his dificulties." It is evident that MW. Raikes was on intimate terms with the Duke of Wellington, and that the Duke wished to serve him when the Conservatives retumned to office. The Duke in Septenber, 1841, promised by letter to Lord Alvanley that he had not forgotten and would not forget Mr. Raikes, who was at that time applying to Lord Aberdeen, we presume for some diplomatic appointment. But in the following March " a few lines from the Duke " proved to the applicant that there was not much consideration paid by Lord Aberdeen to the Duke's wishes in his favour. "And on that question," says the diarist, "I shall probably never know le dessou-s des cartes." It was subsequently suggested by some friend at the Foreign-office that when he had arrived in Paris and had got a little insight into what was going on he should write directly to Lord Aberdeen on what he heard. This he flatly refused to do; " first, because it does not suit my habits or ideas to write to a Minister with whom I have only a very slight personal acquaintance; and secondly, that as Lord Aberdeen had shown so very little disposition to meet my views or the Duke's wishes, omn that point I feel no wish to volunteer my services to him." Lord Alvanley subsequently oommunicated to Mr. Raikes that he had had much converration and some correspondence with the Duke of Wellington lately, in which he expressed how much he felt hurt at the treatment he receives from the Ministers; and his Lordship goes on to acquaint his correspondent with the very remarkable fact (January, 1844) that "not only is the Duke's advice disregarded, but even his wishes are unnoticed. Be (for this appears to have come from the Duke himself) particularly alluded to Mr. PRaikes's case, which he said had very much annoyed him; though it is not the only instance of inattention he has met vith." Mr. Raikes, who subsequently had access to good information on Continental intrigues, and who appears to have penetrated Louis Philippe's designs, had his revenge on Lord Aberdeen, when he beheld " ce deer Aberdeen" apparently the dupe of the King's duplicity. In the meantime, at London and Walmer, where he was the guest of the Duke himself, who appears to have done all that he could by personal kindness to compensate for 'Mr. Raikes's political disappointment, he picked up some interesting particulars of the Duke's views and experiences. Thus he showed the Duke some extracts he had made from Lord Malmesbury's papers, which were not then published, and the Duke said "that he had never read anything more interesting, more clever, or more true; that he could vouch himself for the accuracy of most of the facts, but he strongly advised Lord Malmesbury not to publish them all at present." Then we hear that the Duke reads Habershoz on the Prophecies; also that he has read Bishop Sandrson and Ctarendom for the second time, and has very miuch altered his opinion of Charles I. "I once," said the Duke, "thought him a man of greater talent than he really was," but "now I am convinced he was obstinate without judgment. He first acted unwisely, and then persisted in his fault like a headstrong man." The Duke also added his opinion of Charles II. and James IT., but his candid opinion of Napoleon is far more important, coupled with the remark which follovs on the peculiar advantages of Napoleon's position. "II asked him what he really thought of the talents of the Emperor Napoleon as a great generaL He said, ' I have always considered the presence of Napoleon with an army as equal to an additional force of 40,000 men from his superiortalent, and from the enthusiasm rhich his name and presence inspired into the troops; and this was the more disinterested on my part because in all my campaigns I had then never been opposed to him. When a ;was in Paris in 1814 I gave this very opinion in the presence of several Prusin and Austrian generals who had fought against him, and you have no idea of the satisfaction and pleasure it gave them to think that, though defeated, they had had such odds against them.' "On another occasion the Duke also said ht he thought Napoleon superior to Turenne, Tallard, or any of the old generals of former times; but Napoleon had this advantage over every other general, himself in particular, that his power was niliited. He could order everything on the spot as he pleased; if he wanted reinforcements they were sent; if to changs the plan of a campaign, it was changed. if to reward services, he oould confer honours on the field 0f1Dece;wnees to Voice. and -te geerl wer olige of batle , whereas th'e Duke and other generals were obliged to write home to Ministers and wait their decisions, perhaps that of Parliament, and he himself had never had the power of conferring the slightest reward on any of his followers, however deserving." Of his own in'stallation at Oxford- " The Duke said, in the course of the evening, ' When I went to Oxford as Chancellor I was very much puzzled when they told me I was to make a Latin speech at the inauguratin. Now, any speech is difficult, but a Latin one was impossible, so in this dilemma I applied to my physician, as most likely from his prescriptions to know Latin and he made me a speech, which answered very welL I believe it was a very good speech, but I did not know mucoh of the matter.'" The Duke's dress and habits are carefully deecribed, but here Air. Ralkes has been already anticipated. Mr. Raikes lays considerable stress on the circumstance that the Duke, as is well known also, was an exceedingly vwell-bred gentleman. "When we were only men he dressed in boots, but when there are ladies (and when only my daughter) alwrays wears I shoes, silk stockings, with his star and the garter. He is exceedingly pcolite to all, and particularly attentive to women; he is 3' rieille COU1' personnieise." Last year, when the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge paid him a visit at Strathfieldsaye, and bedrooms were scarce, Lord (.tarles told me that he said to him, ' I fear I must deprive you of your room for a few days,' to which be of course assented; but when he came to look for his new lodging he found the Duke had given up to him his own room, and had had a bed put up for nimself in hls dressing. ' A Portion of the Journal kept by Z7homa, &ik., Esq from 1831 to 1847; comprising Peminiscnces of Socik l -. Political Lifo in Iondon and Paris during that pMriod. Yvok 3 and 4. Lengmasl, 1857, room, having the door of communication double-looked, aud reserving no sortie for himself but through a glass door, and through the garden into the body of the house, For this Mie he had invited Grisi and Lablache, and the other Italian singers, to amuse his RoyaI guests, and ordered a separate table to be prepared for them. When Grisl arrived e asked her at wht hour she liked to dine. She replied, ;Oh, at your hour, *nd rhen;ou dine,' and seeing what he exp.cted, he was so good-naSured that he complied. The DaseqUenCe was that she choce to fancy herself pat of the company, ad would only now and then get up to Mr. Raikes appears to grudge this gratification to the distinguished artist, and the old leaven of exclusiveness reappears for a moment. Proceeding with his observations at Walmer he notices how the DTke is aging, and yet how unwilling he is to admit his increasing debility. Greville says, "If he drops his hat I should never think of stooping to pick it up; he would not like it." He even lights your candlesticks and gives them to you when you retire to bed. An anecdote heard of him some years earlier couples him amusingly with a gentlenman whom we recognize as the late Mr. Croker. " Wednesday, l9th.-Lord Fitzgerald made us laugh at dinner to-day with a story about C-, whose pertinacity of opinion is well known; he was laying down the law after dinner to the Duke of Wellington, and according to custom asserting the superiority of his own information on all subject, having even flAtly contradicted the Duke, who had :entioned some incident that took place at the battle of Waterloo. At lAst the coaversation turned upon the use of percussion caps for the muskets of the army, when C- agun maintained a directly opposite opinion to that which was urged by the Duke, who at last goodhumouredly said to him, 'My dear C-, I can yield to your superior ia. formation on most points, and you may, perhaps, know a reat deal more of what passed at Waterloo than myself, but, ana sportsman I will maintain my point about the percussion caps.' e-'s view of politics has now for some years been of the most gloomy cast, and so far does his wish for Infallibility supersede his patriotigm, that he abeolutely seems to rejoice at any partial fulfilmlent of his prophecies, though it may thwart his own views and that of his party Fitzgerald once said to Lord Wellesley at the castle, ' I have had a very melancholy letter from C- this mornaing.' ' Aye!' said Lord Welleeley, ' written I suppose, in a strain of the most sanguine despondency.' " In connexion with the mention of Waterloo here is an account of the reception of the news in a disguished circle in which the " he" and "Sir R. W." are plainly Sir Robert Wilson. " In 1815, and prticularly during the 100 days, he was the bird of ill-omen at Brookee's, the constant harbinger of bad news, whiox he propagated as ooming from the most undeniable authority of his private correspondents abroad. How unfounded they were, and sometimes prejudicial to his own interests, may be inferred from the folowig anecdote, of whioh I was myself an eyewitness :-On the dy of that evening, when we received the news of the great victory at Waterloo, I dined with the present Lord and Lady Wil. loughby d'Eresby in Piccadily, There was a large party, among whom I remember Mims Meroer (now Miadame de Flahault), Sir H. Cooke, and Sir R. W-, who entered the room with a grave portentous countenance, as if he know more than he was willing to communicate. Every one at that time was in breathless impatience for the result, and as we prooeeded to the dining-room Miss Mercer inquired of me in a whisper if I had heard any news, adding that she feared from Sir R. W-'s manner that some misfortune had occurred. I felt little alarm at his prognostics, as I had heard that Rothschild was purchasing stocklargely, and that the funds had risen 2 per cent. " When the ladles had retired and the wine had opened Sir R. W -'s hearthecondescendedto informthe company that he had received a private despatch from Brussels announcing the total defeat of the Anglo-Prussian army by the French,with the additional drcumstance that Napoleon, after his decided victory, had supped with the Prince d'Aremberg at his palace in that city. On doubts being expressed as to tbe oorrectness of his informaticn he offered reAdily to bet any sum on the strength of his despatches. We took him at his word. I betted with him 4001. or 500., and others did the same to the amount of above 1,0001. " There was a baH that night at Sir George Talbot's; and when I arrived there about 11 o'ciock I found the whole house in confusion and dismay; ladies calling for their carriages, and others fainting in the anteroom, particularly the Ladies Paget, who seemed in the utmost distress. The mystery, however, was soon cleared up; Iady Castlereagh had just made her appesranca in the ball-room, with the officisl account of the battle, and a partial list of the killed and wounded, which had caused so much distress among the various relatives of the sufferers. She had been at a graud dinner given by Mrs. Boehm in St. James's square to the Prince Regent, during which ColonelPercy, hay first driven to Carlton-house, had arrived in a chaise and four at the house, and presented to his Royal Highness at table the offidal despatches from the Dnke of Wellington (recounting his victory), as well as the French eagles which he had brought as trophies with him in the carriage." An anecdote obtained from the Duke at Walmer introduces George IV. " He then talked of George IV. and his talent for imitation. He said, ' When he sent for me to form a new Administration in 1828, he was then seriously ill, though he would never allow it. I found him in bed dressed in a dirty silk jacket and a turban nightcap, one as greasy as the other; for notwithstanding his coquetryabout dress in public he was extremely dirty and slovenly in private. The first words he said to me were, " I rthur, the Cabinet is defunct," and then he began to describe the manner in which the inte Ministers had taken leave of him on giving in their resignations. This was accompanied by the most ludicrous mimiery of the voice and manner of each individual, so strikingly like that it was quite impossible to refrain from fits of laughter. " As respects his Royal Highness generally Mr. Raikee's voice is in harmony with the iuniversal chorus of disparagement and condemnation. Here is a new story of his brutal treatment of ?:rs. Fitzherbert:- " Friday, 31st.-I received a letter from Yarmouth,"who is in London, wbich mentions the death of the Marquis of Bath of dropay, and that of Mrs. Fitzherbert, whoseloesswill be regretted by all who knew her. She was S1 years old, and her health was so generaly good that she had projected a journey to Paris in Mlay next. She retained even in her old age the traces of her former beauty, and her manners were singuLarly amiable and unaffected. Though married privately to George IV., and bearing always the most unsullied reputation, her life during his reign was one continued scene of trial and disappointment. During the commencement of her union, and while the attachment of that fickle Prince still existed, few were the happy hours that she could number even at that period. He was young, impetuous, and boisterous in his character, and very much addicted to the pleasures of the table. It was the fashion in those days to drink very hard, and Mrs. Fitzherbert never retired to rest till her Royal spouse came home. But I have heard the late Duke of York say that often when she heard the Prince and his drunken companions on the stairase she would seek a refuge from their presence even under the sofa, when the Prince, finding the drawing-room deserted, would draw his sword in joke, and, searching about the room, would at last draw forth the trembling victim from her place of concealment." After a description of the rise of Sir William Knighton Mr. Raikes goes on to say- " Georee IV. never had any private friends. He selected his confidants from his minions. Macmabon was an Irishman of low birth and obsequious manners; he was a little man, his face red, covered with pimples, always dressed in the blue and buff uniform, with his hat on one side, copying the air of his master, to whom he was a prodigious foil, and ready to execute any commissions, which in those days were somewhat complicated. " Bloomifield was a handsome man, and owed his introduction at Court to his musical talents. He was a lieutenant in the Artillery, and by ohance quartered with his regiment at Brighton. The Prince, who was always fond of music, then gave frequent concerts at the Pavilion. Some one happened to mention that a young officer of Artillery was a fcient on the violoncello. An invitation was sent, the Royal amateur was pleased, the visits beeame more f-equent, a predilection ensued, and the fortune of the young lieutenant was assured, " George Lee had also a Ilong run of favouritism in those days, but his confidences were limited to the turf, and his influence never extended beyond the stable. " The Prince was at one time a great supporter of Newmarket; an untoward event, which made great noise at the time, abated his ardour for that pursunt His debts of all aorts were very great. Vulliamy's ill (a French jeweller in Pall-mall, who served the Court, and was employed by his Royal Highness) amounted to a large sum, for which he could never obtain payment. In vain did he apply at Carlton-house; he met with nothing but vague promises, which were never realized. At length the jeweller's affais got so embarrassed that he determined to make a personal application to the Prince, and went down to Brighton. The doors of the Pavilion, however, being locked against all intruders of that sort, he watched his opportunity when the Prince's carriage drove into the court, and, gliding in unobserved, hid himself behind one of the pillars of the oolon- nade. As the Prince came out and had got one foot on the step Vuliamy rushed forward, and,CAW g on his knees cried out, ' Sare, your Royal Highness, poy stop k ne minute.' The Price looked roun ,nd psai rather imo patiently, ' Vulliamy, what do you want ? ' Oh, Sare, by God, if your Royal Highness not pay my bil I shaU be in your father's bench to-nuorrow. The Prince laughed and got into his carriage, but tho debt was left unpaid tiU Pax. iiament furnished the means." Here is evidence of the caprice and costline5s of Royal tailoring:- " In the latter days of his reign, and before his health had rendered it necessary, he very seldom went out, even in his favourite low phaeton and ponies, at Windsor. His more general habit was to remain in his role de, chanlorc all the morning, and never dress tiU the honr of dinner. In this dishalille he received his Ministers, inspected the arrangement of all the curiosities which now adorn the gaUery in the Castle aud are standing monuments of his good taste, amused himself with mimicking Jack Radford, the stud groom, who came to roceive orders, or lectured Davison, the tailor, on the cut of the last new coat. His dress was an object of the greatest attention to the last - and, incredible as it may appear, I have been told by those about hin, and by Bachelor, who, on the death of the Duke of York, entered his service as taLet de chan?,J,re, that a plain coat, from its repeated alterations, would often cost 3COL before It met his approbation. This, of course, included the several journeys of the master and his men backwards and forwards to Windsor as they almost lived on the road_ George IV. was not only a man of refmed manners and classical taste, but he was endowed by nature with a very good understanding; still thero is no doubt that for severa -ears before his death, whether from early indul eno in Fzuxy, or from a malady inher nt in hi fsf ily, Cn=
tICMNTIVIC MISSION TO INDIA.-AL important paper has just been read to the Academy of Sciences on a mission sent to India and Upper Asia in 1854 by the King of Prussia and the East India Company. The members of the mission consisted of three brothers, MM. Herrmann, Adolphus, and Robert Schlagentweit, two of whom, MM. Herrmann and Robert, returned in June last; the third, ML Adolphus, is still among the Himalaya mountains, and Js expected soon to return, vid the Punjab and Bombay. Dunring the wrinter of 185455, these enterprising travellers visited the region lying between Bombay and Madras; in the following summer M. Herrmann explored the eastern parts of the Himalaya, the Sikkim, Bhootan, and Kossia mountains, vhere he measured the altitudes of several peaks. The highest of all the summits known throughout the world appears, by his measurements, to be the Gahoorisha,ka, situated in the eastern portion of Nepaul,the same announced as such by Colonel Waugh, but called by him Mount Everest, because he had been unable to ascertain its real name in tho plains of Hindostan, where he effecoted his measurement. This peak Is somewhat more than 29,000 EnglIsh feet in height, and bears another ;name in Thibet, where it is called Chingopanmari. The other two brothers, MML Adolphus and Robert, penetrated by different roads into the central parts of the Himalaya, ICumaon, and Gurwahl; they then visited Thibet in disguse, entered the great commercisl station of Gartok, explored the environs of Lake Mfansarow/r, and that remarkable crest which separates the wates of the Indus from those of tho Dihong, often erroneously called the Burrampooter. They ascended the Ih3-Gamine, 22,260 feet in height, that being an altitude never before attained in any part of the world. After having been separated from each other for a apace of 14 months, during which M. Robert ascertained that the tableland of Amarkantak, In Central India, which is generally stated to be 8,000 feet above the level of the sea, is not more than 3,300 feet in height, the three brothers gain met at Simla, previous to commencing the operations intended for the , summer of 1856. M. Adolphus, en leaving that place, crossed the Himalaya, went over Thibet, Baltistan, and visited the interesting spot where several mountain crests meet, and the 1indoo Koosh joins the range lying to the north of India. He then returned to the Punjab through the vaUey of Cashmere. MlI Herrmann and Robert proceeded to Ladak by different routes. Under good disguises, they were enabled to penetrate into Turkistan proper by crossing the $arakoroom and the Kuenluen mountains and descending into the great valley of Yarkand, a region never visited before, not even by Marco Polo. It is a vast depression of between 3,000 and 4,000 feet, separating the Kuenluen, on the northern frontier of India, from the Syan-Chane, or mountains of Central Asia, on the southern border of Russia. They then returned to Ladak, and entered the Punjab by different routes through Cashmere. After a two years' negotiation m. Herrmann was, at the commencement of 185,, admitted into Nepaul, where he determined the altitudes of the bMchipoora and Mount Yassa, which have hitherto been vaguely called the Dhawalagery, which means nothing else but "snowy crests " and is applceable to all snow-capped mountains. Ei Robert proceeded to Bombay through Scinde, Kutsch, and Guserat, where he surveyed the chain called the Salt Range, and determined the changes effected in the course of centuries in the course of several rivers. Before returning to Europe he stayed three months in Ceon. xi. Adolphus visited various parts of the Punnab ad Cnabul, prvous to returning to thelHimalaya, where he stMiIs The chief results obtained from this careful exploration of Asia are the following:-Tbe Himalaya mountain every-l where exercise a decided influence over aU the elements of the magnetic force; the declination everywhere presents a slight deviation, causing the needle to converge towards the central parts of that enormous mass, and the magnetic intesisity is greater than it would be anywhere else unaer an equal latitude. In the south of India the increase of the magnetic inteusitY from south to north is extremely rapid, The lines of equal magnetic intensity have a remarkAble form, similar and perhaps parallel to those of certain gro of isothermal lines. The three travellers have eolected all the naterisls necessary to ascertain this important fact. . Irxeuar local variations in terrestrial magnetism ate rare in those regions. Tn the Deccan and Behar the rocks are magnetic. On the Himalaya, at altitudes of 17,000, and even 20,000 feet, the daily maximum and minimum variations of the barometer occurred nearly about the same hours as In the plains below. Again, at the above altitudes, the inversion of the curves of daily variation which is met with on the Alps does not take place. At the altitude of 17,000 feet the diminution of transaency produced by a stratum of air of the thickness of 3,O0 feet is no longer distingmuishable by the eye,t the dust storms which frequently occur in India thedoj the sun is seen of a blue colour; if small bodies aremade to project their shadows on a white surface under such cirum stances the shadow is of an orange colour-that is, coinple mentar to blue. The transparency of the waters of the Ganges, the Barampooter and the Indug was tested by letting down a stone into them, which generaly became in visible at a depth of from12 t 15 entimetres (5 t 6lines showing that they are overcharged with earthy particles, f in the sea near Corfua8tone s v5slble to the depth of 50 feet, and in the seas undqr the tro4s it in8 jiblo at a depth f ?Q feet
THE DUKE OF UlUTLAND ON THE INDIAZV MUTINIES. LEICESTER, THEuSDAY. A meeting of the coanty of Leicester, convened by the High Sheriff, in aid of the fund for the relief of the sufferers from the Indian mutlnies, was held in the Nisi Prius Court of Leicester Castle this afternoon. The attendance, though not very numerous, comprised the leading noblemen and gentlemen of the county and a considerable number of the clergy. The High Sheriff (Mir. E. U. Middleton) presided; and there were also present-his Grace the Duke of Rutland, Earl Howe, Lord Bernera, Viscount Curzon, M.P., Mr. C. W. Packe, M.P., Sir H. Halford (late M.P. for Sonth Leicestershire), Mr. E. B. Farnham, MP., Colonel King, Sir A. Hazerigg, Major Pogs, Sir J. Fowke, Sir F. Palmer, Captain Knight, 8;c. The Hiot S}tIERIFF, in opening the proceedings said, he had convened the meeting in pursuance of a requisition which he had received from a numerous body of the prinoipal residents of the county. The object of the meeting was to sympathize with the sufferers from the recet Indian revolt, and to enable the people of Leicestershire to express their abhorrence of the cruelties which had been practised upon their fellow countrymen, woomen, and children. He felt persuaded that the county would not permit such atrocities to pass by without pablicly declaring the feeling with which they regarded them and their warm sympathy with the unfortunate sufferers. (Hear, hear.) He begged to call upon his Grace the Duke of Rtutland to propose the first resolution. The Duke of RuTvLAin said,-Mr. High Sheriff and gentlemen, as you have done me the honour of asking me to move the first resolation upon this occasion, It gives me the greatest gratification to respond to the call. I am quite sure that it will not be necessary for me to trouble the meeting with any lengthened remarks to induce you cordially to pass this resolution. The resolution itself has a double object. In the first place it calls upon us to express our warm sympathy with our fellow brethren who have suffered in the East from mutineers who have basely murdered women and children; and, in the second place, it calls upon us to add our subscripttons to those of the people of the borough of Ieicester, in the hope that by the relief whloh we thus afford we may in some measure mitigate the bodily sufferings of our coantrymen, though unfortunately It will be impossible for us to alleviate their mental sufferings. (Hlear, hear.) Horrors equal to those which have been enacted in India no age of the world has, I believe, ever witnessed. (Hear, hear.) This is not the time to consider what provocation the mutineers may have received, nor is It the time to consider whether the East India Directors have done their duty, or whether the Government at home have done theirs, as our object now is merely to express our sympathy with the sufferers in the East. Bat one thing is certain and is agreed uaon by almost every man and woman in England-namely, that henceforward we must declare in a more open manner and in the face of day our Christianity. (Cheers.) Unfortunately In India we have gone to the other extreme, and we have endeavoured to conciliate men who have not had the feelings of men, and who have returned our kdndness and our attempts to conciliate them by acts of treachery and murder. (Eear, hear.) Gentlemen, this mutiny must be put down. I hope that it may be done very shortly, but whether it is crushed in a month, or in a year, or in 10 years, this country muszt reassert her dominions. It is not only necessary for our own dignity, but it is a great moral duty, a right that we must perform, and I am quite certain that every Englishman will do his utmost to effect this great national object. (Cheers.) I am sure that every man now present will do all In his power to furnish recraits both for the militia and for the regular army, and I am happy to say that the militia of this county, under my excellent friend near me (Colonel King) has nearly received its full compleinent of men. (Cheers.) His Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief stated yesterday at Sheffield that already he considered the turning point in the mutiny to have been gained, and I trust that by the next mail we shall hear that tho revolt is entirely crushed. That victory will be ours those who have seen the gallantry of the small handful of troops we have had in India up to thls time cannot, I think, for a) moment doubt, but when victory Is achieved let me express a hope that we shall not in the flush of victory allow our passions to carry us awayand to seek forvengeance, even upon Indian Sepoys. (Hear, hear.) Justice, and severe justice must be done ; bUt let us discriminate between the guilty and the innocent. Let not the page of history that shall record the heroism of our countrymen and women in the East-that shaUl record the gallantry of a Havelock and of a Nicholson against innumerable hosts, have also to add that, when victory was ours, we condescended to use the weapons that had been wielded by such dastardly hands. (Loud cheers.) Again I say let justice be done, but let it be discriminating justice. Let an example be made of the murderers to show them, and to show the world, that England's laws are not to be violated with impunity, but. that deathand an ignominoas death-is reserved for those who show that they have no principles of humanity and no feelings either o' common kindness or of Chistianity. (Cheers.) in conclusion I beg to move the following resolution: -"That thismeetng viewsr with the gretest abhorrence the bar. barons and inhuman crueltynintted on theirfellow countrymen, on women and on chIldren, by the mutineers In Indla. and deslres to give exproason to the warm sympathy wbich It feels for those who bare tndergone such brutal and unparalleled sufferings. Earl Howv, in seconding the resolntion, said, his noble friend had so admirably expressed all that he (Earl Howe) could say upon this distressing subject that it would be ueless for hlm to occupy the time of the meeting for more than a single moment. Circumstances had happened in his own family which had made him more susceptible, probably, than any other gentleman present of the dreadful nature of the atrodties committed m India. He should, however, only harrow their feelings if he were to attempt to describe them, for they were of such an atrocious description that even the pablic press had abstained from entering into details. ARl he would say was, that they were unexampled in the history of the world, and he sincerely trusted, though agreeing with his noble friend that there should be no revenge in the punishment awarded, that the sword of justice in which the red hand should yet be visible should be severely laid upon the offenders. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that all who heard him would agree with him that in these times no political feeling, no I prejudice of any kind should interfere with the Support which they gave to Her Majesty's Govemnment in sending out the last man that could be found in the country to restore tho brightest gem to be found In Her Majesty's diadem. (Loud cheers.) He believed in his conscience that every exertion had been made to forward our'gallant soldiers to join their heroic countrymen in India. fe felt deeply grateful to the Government for those exertions, and he wished to impress upon the people generally that it was their duty to support the Government by every means in their power in restoring tranquillity. (Cheers.) The resolution was then put by the High Sheriff and unanimously agreed to. Lord BFnNras said he was anxious before proposing the next resolution to thank the High Sheriff for the prompt manner in which he had answered the requisition to convene the present meeting, and to thank also the noble Duke for having originated it. Though that court was only thinly filled, he was well acquainted with the opinion entertained generally througbout the county, audihe knew that in no county could thcre he a more anxious desire to express sympathy for the sufferers and abhorrence at the abominable outrages which had been perpetrated in India. (Hear, hear.) He believed, however, that he justly attri. huted tho thin attendance in that hall to the fasb that a subscription had already been originated In the town which had been contributed to by numerous gentlemen residing in the county. He could not hut regret that the borough had taken the lead in the matter, not from any wish not to co-operate with the town, because he thought it desirablethat upon all fitting occasions the county and borough should go hand in hand in the promotion of everything good, charitable, and for the welfare of the coi munity at large; but heregtted that, in the first instance, a public meeting had not been called on so important an occasion as this by the highest authority in the county,-the Queen's representative,-ln order that their proceedings might have partaken as much as posdble of a national character. (Hear, hear.) He thought that a question and a very serious question, might be asked-namely, had we as a Christian nation done that which a Christian nation ought to have done ? Had the Government of India acted with proper vigour as well as discretion ? To use the words of one of the most eloquent prelates of the present day, had not our whole policy been one of timidity? Had we done our duty'? Instead o' acknowledging that authority by wvhich lungs reign and princes govern, had we not almost appeared to have been ashamed of our Christian profession, and to have truckled and given way to the cursed practice of expediency rather than acting upon principle? (Hear, hear.) Hd we not yielded where we ought to have remained firm? Was it true that a Sepoy ad boeen turned out of his regi. ment, not in obedience to the desire of his co-religionists, and not by the wish of his fellow.countrymen, but by the decision of a Christian Government, solely because, by the blessin" of God, he had been converted to Christianity? (g'ear, hear.) Was it also true that Sir Peregrine Maitland was dismissed from his command in the army in the East because he did not order Christian soldiers ito fire a salute in honour of an idol's car? The time was come when that system of misrule and timidity of which so much had been latterly said by the public press must be put an end to. He held that, as a Christian nation, a great responsibity attached to us as to the way in which we discharged our duties. In future there should be no timldity, huLt we ought to be bold in declaring the faith that we held; and, although he would not have any man suffer for his religion, he thought we ought to be always ready to proclaim the faith which we professed. (Cheers.) He would not trouble the meeting with any further remarks except to bring under their notice an observation whioh had been made to him since he entered that court by a gentleman who would be known to most of those present from the capacity which he had filled as distributor of the funds coUeeted In aid of the sufferers In the Crimean campaign-Major Powys. That gentleman suggested that in the distribution of funds of this nature a recommendation sh ruldbe sent to the committee in London to reserve a large portion of the funds for the widows and orphans of the soldiers who lost their lives. (Hear, hear.) He (Lord Berners) believed that at this moment the widows and orphans left totally unprovided for in consequence of the mutiny numbered no less than 40,00. If, in transmitting the contributions from the county of Leicester, a suggestion was made to the contral committee to set apart a portion for the widows and orphans he was convinced that it would be attended to, and that it would receive the cordial approval of the entire country. (Cheers.) He begged, in conclusion, to move the following resolution:- That, with a view to the anevIatIon oithe mieWry and destitution in whichto many of our fellow-subjectain India have been nvolved, a subsrption should be invited throughout the country." Mr. FARNHAMt, M.P., briefly seconded the resolutiont which was unanimously agreed to. Mr. PAcxx, MLY., moved the next resolution 'What thq loyoeal IiAel doew * UA thi oiw t Nq N W ' Ot thO cuntv be req.ieded tO receive subzcrlptions In aid of the above object, to be feowarded, in addition to those already collected in the town, to tho central committee In London." The hon. gentleman said he did not intend to enlarge, after the addressm which had been delivered, upon the disastrous nature of i e calamity which had overtaken us in our fndian emp Ye. The details of that calamity were far too pVnl and heartrending for him to wish to enter into them; tb4* living, as he did, occasionally in the neighbourhood of the port where the greater part of the sufferers who sur- vived were brought on returning from India, he felt bound I to say that tho stories of mutilation and dreadful suffibring which had occupied the columns of the newspapers were not exaggerated. He apprehended that the present meeting was not altogether for the collection of money, insnuch as that had already been dono to a considerable extent la the county, but rather to enable the residents of the county to give expression to their opinions and feelings. At the same time he trusted that even ln a pecuniary point of view the meeting would not be without success, but that it would be the means of considerably augmenting the fund. Ile hoped that the day was not far distant when this unfortunate revolt would be crushed, and that we should never again be called upon to express our abhorrence of cruelties revolting to hunan nature and unparelloed in the history of this great country (ear: hear.) It was personally a source of great gratifia tion tnat in the plates of the different churches in which collections had been made the widove's miite had etood prominent. Ee sincerely trusted that every man in that county who was a husband and the father of a famil would contribute even if his contribution was only a penny as a thank-offering to a beneficent Providenee that he and his familv had been spared the dreadful cruelties and suffering which had been inflicted upon our fellow-Christians in India. Mr. HODOSON, a county magistrate, briefly seconded the resolution, which was unanimously agreed to. Thne ]uke of B.IJTLA- then mnoved a vote of thanks to the HEigh Sheriff ol his kindness in saving convened the meetin and or having presided over it. the resolution, which was carried by aeclamation, and the High Sheriff having briefly responded the proceedings terminated.
THE WEATHER. EIGHFIELD HOIUSE OBSERVATORY, NEAR NOTTINGHAM. Tuesday.-Greatest heat In shade, 598°'; adopted mean temperature, 52-10; mean pressure, 29*19; meon temnera. ture of evaportion, 516;range of tem rature, 13 ; amount of solar radiation, 64; dull, with N.W. wind and no ozone. Saturday Morning.-Greatent coid in nighi, 47.80; amount of evaporation, 0 012 inch;* minimum temn perature on grass, 45.1°; dull; wind S.W.; no ozone. X; J. LOWE. WEATHER OF THE WEEK ENDING OCTOBER 17. The greatest heat occurred at Maidstone, viz., 71 deg. 3 mib., and the least heat at Durham, 62 deg. 3 min. difference, 9 deg. The greatest cold occurred at Manchester, viz 39 deg. 4 min,; and the least cold at Glocester, viz., 51 aegi; dfference, 11 deg. 6 min. The week was warm, the mean temperature ranging betweeen 54 deg. and 60 deg. The mean pressure was about 301 in., except in the north of England, where it was 30 in., and in Scotland 29-9 in. Very little rain fell; the greatest amount occurred at Silloth, and there it was only four-tenths of an inch. The hottest day was on the 11th, at Glocester and Clifton; on the 12th at Manchester, Leeds, and Stonyhurst; on the 14th at Exeter and Arbroath ; on the 14th at Maiditone, the 17th at Silloth; and on the 13th at all other stations The greatest cold occurred on the 11th at Glocester and Arbroath; on the 13th atlMiidstone; on the 16th at Exetsi' Mlanchester, and SiUloth; and on the 14th and 15th at all other stations, Ran fell on one day at Granthain, Belvoir Castle, and Norwich; or three days at Leeds, Manchester, Glocester, Arbroa ,andHelaton;on four days at Clifton; on six at Exeter; and on two at the other stations. Helston.-Thiek fog on the 12th for several hours. fNorwch.-On the 15th and 16th mornings and evennlgs Viy;iUeld-house.-Aurora borealis on the 17th. The week was warm, damp, and cloudy, with but little rain. E. J. LOWE. TArsx or Tie Tzoxzocaz Dr T I TasAxs TuNaSL A?D eV'aIn ni Trs YARD, RO Rn-H,. OcroBxs 21. Day, Noon. Night, Mnmmm. Tunnel. Yard. I Tunnel. Yard. s2- s571 60 4r .W. xmO1J, HnDerlatendeat,
SHIP NJBWS. LoNryom, Oct. Y.-Wind at noon, N.W.: moderate breeze with heavy rain. BTR STOr, Oct. 22-WInd. N.E.: rain. Arrived. tbe Elizabeth, from Quebeo-the Margaretha, from Baha-the Elizabeth. the Mary, and the Britaunna from Dublin-the Curlew, from Arklow-the DIU. genre ad tbe Taff Vale from Newry-the Arm M'Chrode and the TXbetis, from Idmerlek-the Eliza'oeth, from Exeter-the XUizabetb, from Cardiga-the Clarence, from Bangor. TAxroouTn, Oct. 21.-Off the port, the Danish brig Alms, from Zanzihar for orders and Hamburg-the Phcunician, from Sydney for London, avinx on board £10,000 In gold. Arrived, the Zephyr, from "altzand the Sandadi, from Rio Grande, for orders. Saied, the Lady meea4 for Point de Gal-the Jnlius Cocsar, for Alicante-tho Arebthedeu for Newcastle-the Dionysa atharina, for Anter the Gnsatv 'WElelm, the Sarah Huntley, the Serpet and the Hoppt all for London. ST. Iv's, Oat. 20.-The Mary Weloh, of this port, from Wales for H5lOle, IaDposed to have struck on the stones In this bay. Two sal. mDarked " Jenunings sallmoaker," have been washed ashore with other articlels The piots report baving seen a vessel, with sals hanging loose and bowsprit under water, near the outer doeL JERsTY, Oct. 20.-A smaUl lugger from Granville, which sprung a leak during the ale, and a sloop, also from Granvile, which had struck ox the rocks and been abandoned, have been brought into this port. Grnisny, Oct. 20.-The Vlolet, of and from Hartlepool, w aban. doned with much damage after being in collsion with the Sir Charles Napier last nlght, but has been picked up, and is now being towed up the Humber by a seamer; crew landed here. Li-h-, Oct. 20.-The Belsey, of this port, during the gale of the 8th of October was driven on shore. She wa got off on the 20th, and brought in for repaioM. Liaiomo, Oot. 14.-The French bark Jormoea, fronts Marseilles for Liverpool. srhih put In here on the 10th of October. with her puLmps partofbhercacgo. The bark Lizzie Aernbeitj, frOom Tagtano for diEngland, put Into thSs port On the 13th of October tuea very testy sstate, QUEneC.c Oct. 10.-The schooner W5iliam WaLla^e. from Whstby tor tins plort, was wrecked off the Island Point during the gale of the 2d of October. The Crew were all drowrned. GRAV!END, Oar. 22. (By IAoxrmo TxLxoPToPlr) MProm Lloydr.) 9.30 a.m.-Wind, . ; tide, first bour's fdood; heavyraln. Arrived on the 2lst.-The Tera, from Denis. Sailed on the 21st.-The Helen, for Newfoundland. Arrved.-The steamers Earl of Auckland and Rainbow, from Rotterdam-the ateamer Baron O3y, from Antwerp. Waled.-The Sir B. Banker, for Caals-the Paris and London, for Paris. I p,m.-Wind, N.N.W.: tide, three hours' flood: raining. Arrived.-The eteasne Diana, from Amsterdam-the Lonisa Cailell, frosn Dantsic-the Sidou, from Buenos Ayrec-the WenlseydaSle, from Riga-the Oscar. from Cronstadt-the steamer Giraffe, from Botter. dam-the Petit, from Tabira-the Margaret, from Stettin-tbe Alma, from Christianla-the Amerca,'from Gottenburg-the Peter and Jane. from Aalborg-the Gleaner, from Stettin-the'Luna, from Arebangel -the Frederick and Wilhelmlne, from Daninti--the Corneius Grinnell, from New York-the Porto Mayariyo, from Lagos-the Ann, from Qottenburg-the steamer Cosmopolitan, from Memel-the steamer Triton. from Calais-the steamer Plnot, from Antwerp. Saited.-The steamer Metropolis, for Guernsey-the W, Chase, for Charleston-the Candahar. for( ondoraa. 2 p.m.-Wlnd, N.W.; tide, last hour's lood; raining. Arrived.-The Adonis, from Harlingen. 8aUed.-The Dolphin, for Antwerp, and the Fyonoord, for Rotterdam. 8 30 p.m.-Wlnd, B. tide, I hours' ebb: rainy. Arrives,-The Abeona, from ]elvesSnborg-tbe Fiperane,' from 'ragoroe-the James, from 8settn-the Emlly, from Cronat-the Howard, from Saderlham-the Johanna. Maria, from Memel-the Pro fesor Brown, from Danteso-the Sveb, from Konigaberg-the Oves' from Gefle-the Johanna, from Danielo-the Vorwrarts, from Archan. gel-theElora irkbudftrsonm Wyhe ore-teheThetntro.mfromMenmel-the CarlJohnna frm Settn-te Ohtetye, fom contfromb PeginaT from Droback-the Balti, from Dsaftoir-the Minervas from Gottenburg-the VTr Watching from Grodingen-the Emema, from Gottenburgthe Frankby, from Cronstadt the Gcanite, from Archangel. DEAL, Oar. 22. (From Lloyd's.) 9 a.m.-Wlnd, N.N.E.b strong. Paned.-The Arophsnlclan, from Shlelda for VenCle-the OdeRaz and the Onward, both tor uobile, tbe British Tar for Arcen Pun, the BrL tanlia, for Rio Janegro, anmd the Ida Zelgler. for the Cape ot Good Hope, a from Londor,. Passed off Dover Oct. 21.-The Mftdsummer, from unuderlend for CSarente-the'Tnrku, from Bremen for A oderham-the EmlUe, from Hamburg for Buenose Ayresthe Shilda, from Christians for Honfeur. Noon.-Wlnd, N by E, s.trong; weather, raining. Paised.-The Art Nonion, from Sunderland for Caloutta-the rikag beth Teo, from hEull for New Orleans-the Superior, from liewtaste for Cadiz-the Neptuce, for BrListol, the Costa Lena, for Punia Arenasj the Shelburne, ,for Rangoon, and the seamer VestSa, for Oporto, at from London. 8alled.-The Hiepe-the Ceres, for Adelaide, and the Wave, for Bor. deaux. 2 p.mn.-WInd, N. by W.; fresh. PaLed-The bark Norwood, from Newce3stle fur Cadisthe brig h ate, from the north Sor the vwestwad A'scbore,-The 8ylph, from Demerara for London. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, W.N.W., moderato, Arived and Paased.-The Paris and London, for ParLs, and the Raven, for Martinique, both from London-the Water Sprite, from Grimsby for Consantiniople-No. 2,S75. third pendant, from ths, north for the weetward-the Wlhelm, from Bremon for Cardiff-tbh Elen, from London for St. John's. Arrived and Anchored.-The Secret, from Patras, the Gyoner. from Mlhramichl, and the WLilam Morgan, from Fowey, aU for London. V aSszr 8pOeV WrrmL The Peter, from the Mauritius for London, Aug. 13, In lat. 19 ., Ilong. 4 W. The troOp ship Defiance, from DubUn for Ceylon and Madras, Sept. 2, In lat. 2 S., long. 21 W. The shiP Agamemnon. standing aouthwest, Sept. 3, In la. 2 S., long. 23 W. The As,ea, from Litverpool for the Cape of Good Hope, Sept. 9. The Danish bark Conanre, from Bahia for Falmouso, Sept. Ii, in lat 15 NW ong. 27 W. The Ear rates, from idverpool for Bombay, Oct. 12, off Cape Clear. The ahxP Vletoria, from ivTerpool for Bombay, July 22, in lat. 316., The Bvlphlde, from Rangoon for Falmouth, Aug. 17, In lat. 1S B., The sbip Mahon, standing to the southward. Sept. 2, In lat, N., lonz. 29W. The Gentile, from Buenos Ayres for London, Sept. 7, in lat. 29 S. longt. 45 W. The Windsor Castle, from London for Bombay, Sept. 0, In lat. 20 Sn long. 31 W. The bark Irene, fom ondon, Sept. 10, in lat. 18 S.. long. E W. The Duke of Portland, steering south. rams day. The bark An La,wston, of Whitehaven, steerIng south-west, Sept. 11, in lat. 15 ., long. Ei W. The American ship Cohola, Iroma Liverpool for Bombay, ls1lt, 19 ne~tu. 2coW.Union, teering soulh-west, in Ist. 14 S., long.'26 W. The Danih ship Virgia, outr hond. in lat, 7 S, long. 26 W. The Homeward nd, from Cse for Cork, in 1I N., long, 24 W. The bark Suat, from Lierpool, n lat. 16 N., long. 2i W. The Tictory, from Plmouh for Melbourne, Sept. 2, In lit. 15., long. 20oW. HlGH-WATEX AT LONDON-BRDtMG THIS DAY.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Ba;ingIi1astrect, Oct. 22, _N RE EDWYARD KL\SET.T.A (Before Mr. Commkosioncr Fe ,E.l Ihe bankropt was a tailor of New Bond-street. His debis are of very inconsiderable amount. This was the examination meeting. Mr. CsrIDL-V, for the assignees, said the bankrapt had been improvident enough to accept bills for woollen merchants who had since failed, and that, to use the mildest term, he had been fleeced. The COMSSIONxR.-I see the names of the National D3scount Company, the Brtith Bank, and the Western Bank of Iondon. Mr. Ommay.-They occur in respect of bills drawn by these woollendraper. The bankrupt passed his examination.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Oct 2L (Beforc dfr. BniSS Q.C.) William Jinbey and Thomas Carter Glass were indicted, the former for stealing, and the latter for feloniously receiving, two sieves of apples and two of pears, the property of the South.Eastern Railway Company. Mr. Ribton appeared for the proscution, Mr. Sleigh for Jinbey, ana Wr. Tindal Atkinson for Gla,ss, histructed by Mr. Wakeling. This trilI occupied the orhole day in the First Courb, and was not concluded until a late hour at night, the evidence being very voluminous. TO o case was this. Jinbey was a cArman in the servfce Of the South-Eastern RAilway Company, ancl Glass was a greengrocer in Noble-stret, Margaret-street, Bagniggewells-road Tinbey drove a van, len with sieves of fruit, to GlaWs sh6p, and left four dieves which should have been delivered at Covent- aren nmaket, Glass receivinig them. Henry Greathurst,i9 X, who was on duty in Noblestret, witiesmae the transaction and contrived by sorme maeans to mark the aieves nnO¶served, suspecting that somsething was wrong, and the result of inquiries subsequently made was that the present charge was preferred against the prisoner. The jury found both of them Gufzty, and the learned judge sentenced each of them to 12 months' hard labour.
POLICE. M-ARSON-IIOUS,-PatrickQnin, a savage-looking fellow, a journeyman glazier, was charged before the LoRD MAYOR with having attempted to stab Mr. J. Tatton, a sok manufactunrr, with a knife. The proBecutor, upon being sworn, said,-I live at No. 3, TUnion-street, Spitalfields. About 11 o'clock last night I was proceeding over London-bridge with a friend, when we met the prisoner, who was a perfoct stranger to us, ooming in the opposite direction. epushed very violently against my friend, who pushed him away. The prisoner pursued us and fel1 down, but upon rising he again ran after us, and I had to lntefere to psh him awa aggain. He then pulled the knife produced (a glazier's kfoe) out of his breast, and attempted to stab me with it. He thrust it at my breast, and in aU probability I should have been stabbed had my friend not pulled me backwardsasthe knife was descending. Mr. Alexander Duncan, of No. 1, Northunberland-park, Edmonton, fully corroborated the evidence of the last witness, and added thAt the prisoner was drunk at the time of the outrage. The prisoner cross-examined both witnemes in a most Impudent manner, and attempted to make it appear that they were the aggressors, adid that he himself had merely acted in self-defence. The LORD MAyou.-In all probability you were too drunk to recollect what you did; and when yon determine to get in that state you should leave your knife at home. The prisoner was fined 56a for being drunk, and ordered to be imnprlsoned for three days in default, GuTaDHEAu-Leon Thomas, a young Frenchman, in the employ of Messrs. Levin, Lee, and Co., of Wood-street Cheapside, as traveUer, was brought up charged with embez ing various sums amounting to nearly 501., the moneys of his masters. Mr. Lewlis, jun, attended for the prisoner. James Wells, cashier to the prosecutors, said, it was the prisoners duty to receive moneys on account of his employers, and, after reta[ning sufficient to cover his expenses, to forward lists of the amounts received with a portion of the gross amount of cash, and to account for the balance upon hiB ret,rn from each journey. Witness had reoeived information that Ul. 17s. had been received from Mr. Heartstone, of Nottinghaw, by the prisoner, and upon his return from the journey witnesm asked him to account for all he had received during the journey. He accordingly gave in his book, but neither that nor the periodical St containod any account of the 1ll. 17s. Witness had also received information that a sum of 161. 15s., received from Mr. Perrin, of Southampton, had not been accounted for. Sergeant Funnell, of the detective force, said, when he took the prisoner into custody and told him the charge, he said he was very sorry for It, but that If the prosecutors had waited his friends would have made up the amount. The prisoner then directed him to go to his lodgings, where he said witness would find a book containing entries of all the money he had embezzled. Witness accordingly went to his lodgings, ad there found the book, which clearly showed the systematicomode inwhichtheprisonerhad conducted Sir G. CasoRs,L satd, he could not accept bail for the unsoner, who was accordingly remanded in custody till fon- KknYrnBoXnN -George Groundwell, a labourer, was brought before Mr. Lo.NG on the serious charge of having ina fight caused the death of a man named William Hodg. kins. Police-constable Cooper, 67 D, deposed that on the previous afternoon about 4 o'clock the prisoner with his father came to the John-street stationhouse, when he (the pri ner) said, "I wish to give myself up." Witness asked him what for, and the answer he gave s, I havc been fightIng with a man, and I understand be has since died; I stood the same chance as he did, end am very sorry for whaLt has occurred." The prisoner here covered his face with his hands &Rd shed tears. Mr. Lo.a (to witness).-What more have you to state ? Witness.-! locked the prisoner up on the confession which he had himself made. I afterwards went to St. mars Hospital, and there ascertained that the poor man who had fought with the prisoner was dead. Sergeant SUlvester, 4 D,[stated that on the previous morning, at7 o'clock, as he was on duty in the Harrow-road, Paddington, he saw a great number of persons hastening towards the fields. He followed them, and on their reaching Amos-green the prisoner and the deceased stripped and commenced fighting. Witness went for other officers, knowing he should have no chance of dispersing the mob by his own exertions, and on retorning with four brother constables the deweased was lying upon the ground. Witness took him tothe hospital, where he died in a few hours after his admission. Prisoner had made his escape. The prisoner, who had nothing to say, was remanded till Saturday, to await the result of an inquest. WORSP-STREETx-Wiliai Brown, a well-dressed young fellUow, described as an engineer, was charged with the following robbery:- Mrs. Emily Wyatt, a lady residing in the Enfield-road, Dalston, on Wednesday evening attended a lecture upon astronomy delivered by a gentleman named Palmer, in a builuding attached to Middleton Chapel, Dalston, and at the conclusion was leaving the buildinm, surrounded by a small crowd of the auditors, wg'en she felt herself unnecessarily pressed against and inconvenlenced by the prisoner, for whose exit, as well as for herself, there was plenty of room. Almost at the same moment she felt a hand in the pocket of her dress, and on the hand being rapidly withdrawn and the prisoner pasinng her she distinctly saw something glitter in one of his hands. She felt convinced now that he had robbed her, and courageously grasped and held him by the coat tiUl a gentleman named Goode, who had seen him with the lady's purse in his hand and on her selzing him drop it at his feet, picked it up, restored it to her, and released her of the care of the prisoner tiU a constable could be procured to take him. The purse contained her watch-key and about 10s worth of silver. Mr. aAscoILL asked if anything was known of the prisoner I Francis, a detective of the N division, said yes, he knew the prisoner very welL About four years ago the prisoner and four or five other men werecharged at this court with pllcig pockets at a confirmation at Hackney Church, and was sentenced to three months' imprisonnent. He now said his name was Brown; at that time he said it was Edwards; but ever since then he had known him to be the constant associats and accomplice of thieves of the worst character. Mr. HEA-umr then asked the prisoner if he wished to make any answer? IIWell, "saidl he, "if younmean an answer to the charge I may as well Eav I am guilty ; but If you mean as to what the officer states, tI beg to say that the good man is guite mistaken." The magistrae, however, entertaineda different opinion, and, as the prisoner confessed the offence to get a summary adjudication, sentenced him to six months' hard labour in the House of Correction. CL rHEaNXLT-James Emson, A foreman of the labourers at the Great Northern Railway terminus, King'scross, and M[ary Ann Eamnson, his wife, ware charged, the former with stealing a valuable brass bearing, belonging to the engine No. 224, and the latter with having the samne unlawfully in her possesion, well knowig It to have been Mr. Richard Williams, the inspector of police on the Great Northern Railway, was present to watch the case Police-constable John Shackelton, 132 S, said,-Last night, at a little before 9 o'clock, I was in Chapel-street, Somers-town, when my attention was directed by Sergeant Hill, 39 S, to the prisoners, who were pasing at the time. The sergeant told me to follow them and scertain where they went, as he suspected that they had something suspicious about them. I followed and overtook them in the New-road, when the mAn walked hastily away. I asked the woman what she had got underher arm,when she showed me the brass hearing now produced, and saida" My husband gave It o me, why did you not take him Into custody ? I then took her to the police-station, and upon her giving her address I went to her lodgings and found the male pri soner there. I told him the charge, when he deuied any knowledge of the tranaction, stating that he had not been out that evening i but upon my taking him to the stationhe was at onoe identffied by Sergeant Hill as the man who was carrying the bundle. Sergeant Hill, 39 5, said,-ILast night I saw the two prisoners proceeding down Chapel-street, the man having something under his rmn which appeared to be very heavy When pasIng one of the lamps the light shone upon the brass whih theprisoner was carrying, And I directed Police-constable Sha,kelton to foUlowthem, When the man was brought to the police-station he denied all knowledge of the matter, but this inorring, upon my tailing hln tat his wife had been very ill ulinight, he said, "Well, e is innocent of the charge, and knows nothing whatever about it. I took the bras and gave it to her to ceJrry." . Williams said, the company had before lost aquantity of bras fittings. The male prisoner was in the employ of the company, as a foreman of the labourers, at a salary of 27s. per week. The prisoner had been in the employ of the company about eight months. Williim Winning foreman of the locomotive department, Identified the brass produced, which he saw sate on the company's premises the previous night. W;en he went to work in the mornirg he miased the brass, and could not got on without it. Tbe male prisoner, in defence, said, he was Guily, and that his wife knew nothing about it. Mr. TYBWRIITT discharged the woman, and sentenced the man to three calendar months' hard labour in the House of Correction. THA31Fl%-Richard Hunt, a boy about 14 years of age, was brought up on remand before Mr. SrIYE, charged with stealing a carpetbag containing valuable diamonds, rurgical instrnments, and other articles, the property of a gentleman named SaUtherland. On Tuesday last Mrs. Eleanor Hyde, a lady residing at No. 5, Clarendon-terr.ce, Mllton-next.Gravesend, was on a visit to a friend in Warkworth.terrace Commercial-road, Stepney, and while passing along the E st India-road, near Limehouse Church, she saw the prisoner in a doorway, and asked him to carry acarpetbag for her to her destination about balf a mile from the spot. The boy gladly accepted the job and carried the carpetbag and its contents to within a few yards of the place where Mrs. Hyde intended to atop, when the lady placed a bandbox she was carrying on the pavement, and gave the boy 2d. He then asked her how much further he was to carry the bag, to which she replied, "Close by," and poltnd to the house. Directly afterwards she rissed the boy from her side, and, turning round, saw him haly entering Dalgleish.street, on the opposite side of the road. She aunable to pursue him, and remained where she s until a police-constable named Chadwick, No. 350 s, came np, to whom he made known her loss and described the boy. Chadwick immediately recollected that soon after leaving this court, where he had attended asa Aiess, he met the prisoner and another boy in the Commercial-road, near Arbour-squre and saw the prisoner hand the carpetb g to his compaiion. The boys were walking behind two gentlemen, and he supposed at the time the boys -were carrying the carpetbg for one of them. The momnent that Mrs. Hyde informed the policeman of her loss he set off in pursuit of the boys sad availed himself of a butcher's cart drawrn by a spirites hors The butcLher drove at foll spoed towards London, and on reachingl Whitechapel Church came up with the prisoner who was carrying the carpetbag, and another boy w.as wi &ng alongside of him. The police-constable jumped out of the cart and secured the prisoner and the carpetbag The other boy made his esape, If the police-constable had not availed himself of the butcher's cart he would not have overtaken the prnsoner. Mfr. SzM.y inquired if anything was known about the prisoner. Chadwick replied that he had mnade inquiries in Great Garden-street, Whitechapel, where the prisoner gave his address, and he was quite unknown there. The prisoner had been In custody for a robbery some tiae ago. The contents of the carpetbag were valued at 304. Mr. SELF-Never mind the value. The prisoner did not know the value of the contents when he left the lady with the carpetbag. The prisoner, in defence, said thathe stopued to look at a drunken man, and when he moved on again he missed the lSr Lm .-I do not believe you, and I have no doubt you are a veryt bad hos Rotle, the goaler of the court, said that the prisoner had been convicted of felony in that court. Mr. SELy sentenced the prlsoner to two months' imprisonment and hard labour for the unlawful possession of the carpetbag found upon him. Mr. Sr has received 4 guineas from Mr. Gilding, the secretary of the People's Subscription Band, being a moiety of 8 guineas raised by the sale of the programme of the music on the last Sundqy afternoon the band played in Vctoriapark. Mr. Gilding said it lied been determined by the committee to devote one-half of the money to the Worship-street Police-court poor-box, and the other to the Tames Police-court poor.box SoUTnIEA.R,-James Devine, a middle-aged man of swarthy complexion, who had served 14 years in the Indian army, and who appeared In a wretched condition, was brought before MIr. Buitcn&lr, charged with stealing a watch and a pair of boots, the property of MIr. George Allakrd,t the landlord of the Whlte H7art Tavern, Borough- The prosecutor stated that the prisoner was his cousin, but almost a stranger to him, he never having seen him more than twice. On the 12th of September he came to his house, and, stating that he wanted shelter for the night, ho gave him a good supper and a bed, but on the folowing mnorning, in return for his kindness, he decamped with a silver watch worth 21. and a pair of boots. He saw nothing more of him until last night, when he found him outside his house, and gave him into custody. Prior to that, however, the prisoner sent him the following letter:- "Dear Geore,-I have most shamef uly aLbused your good nature,, and do not know what sould havye tempted mne to do so. I haVe been isiserabie Tev sinoe, and have tled rny best eudeavour to get mousy enough to getback your watch, but without suoms. I ale, however, determnedtodo what I to get It for you t ispawnedfor zl, but I have destroyed the deket, and shall haTe to makie a declasation before a magistrate to-mosrow. You will think It struge of me to ask you for mome asolatae, but niecessity, and the wish to do you All the justtice I ean, makes me do so. I cannot walk the streets any louger,or I would niot sk younfow this, and I beg of Sou,for the sake of our *-sto m u you :ahanot me ungratefal. But it Wittness a o ded the t when hdowent outS the risoner asked bim to give him 2s to procur him shelter and foocl for the night, outhetoldu aretshat, psheo ha ace ein suchan ougntcful mxaner, he shoald dve him into custody, UeF aowever, had no wish to punihhim severely. Mr.souer7 Ih asked hi how long he had knowen the ll beellast replied, only since he had retras ed from nada,and that was near two yxsea ago; but he had only seen Mfr. BczAm a4kocl the prisoner what regiment he had Ie replied the 32d. He oas in it 15 yehrn , and dpring 140 yee i oftlahat period he was in India, -when he was sent Mr. B uRCA r asked hltu whetchehad a pension whn he wans dircharged from the service Ite repli ed that hend, but it was very srail,sn as expired at the end of fhe year. Mr. BURCtel h tsked him a wtshethr h e hd seen munh eruce mn India . He answered that he hia, and Wt s wits h Sir Charles NTapier in several parts of Iai,vhere they had rough worl ho wao. He had held the renl of s.rgest, but got reduced through being abeent. Mr. BuRCILNr asold him that, whatlever might have been his suffeArngs, he had committed an ungrateful robbery on his coutin, who was ealmot a etranger to hie , hadonse treated h.m with great tdheson aed in return he stole his watchardaipairofboots. Wouldhe be tried bybim or He t rheple thes3ons Hewsit1er,addrn e 4 arsdthatpe he was guinty, nd he hopedhis woassp wouldidcalrdth hfm. x e wasextremelysorryforwhathe hael donie but it was through necessity. is cousimal as the firs person he ever wrong, and he should by the last. Mr. BuTCHA &hopsed tit whathe had statewsgenmuceh andsfter c rusindiag t letter which he had sent to his got reue thouheigbbent hissfe angs, he hadiommittedwandungre had robbon on i iwas,thereforo the punishment he Wt5 about h o indch on him would bevery leaienS. ,e had served his colnetr in distant parts for many years, and W no doubtr ad to put witli disease and great hardships unaer a burxning sun, and takiog these cironestances into consideration, he should sentenice him to merely14 days'izmprisonment. He traste that the lant hewaseutele he had phssed would have the e ect of inducing him to act honestly for the future, whathver onight be hit distrh or necessities The personer, who seemew tdandh ul for the lenieacy, ws then removed. L r.MBEn-c rtha h Westfold, a powerful woman, and Ann Green here finally exatinea d before the Sont Gb Ce NORTON wther former oeu a barge of violently assaultingc and the latter with intdipttng sevoral duni and serious wounds on the read au d face of ioniam arker with a table knife. From the evidence, which was' ven i st some lengtr, it appeared that on 'he night of Friady last the prosaeotor, eth his dife and nepheg a was at the Crown beerhouse, in Martha-sftreet, Camberwell, and the two latter got quarrelling h ndfighting outside the ,oor with the r soners o The prosecutor went to the assistance of his h Z, and as soon as he made his appearance the prisoner MWestfold thnremw h down and Grevn commeneed sabbing him on the head and face with someSthing which she ad in her hand. She then caUer out to her fellow-prisoner and a boy Wh accorpanied them, f eyirgn "aCome away, hhes got quite enougnd m suon ," ad and ac Wa ity The proseutor, whose head was still tied up, and th, appeared in a weakly state from the loss of blood anc the effects of the injuries, fiu reply to a question from hIr. NORTOh, hsid he had several sever catts on 'his head hoswe,asin Matha-street,ndamherwinlonanduthentwoslatter c theadaknifd hdfpasseedwi thing wthich he lha in hei hnltd a woung on his tongue. The prisoner Green denied the charge, and said that in the conflict she herself had been stabbed in the thigh. She also denied having a knife at all, but unfortunately for her a witness was called who swore positively that on her (Green) returninghome aferthe row she saw her take a black-bandied tablem fe from under her shawl and place it on the himnleypiee. The other woman denled having taken any part in the afflay, but both prisoners were fully committed ^for triaL
ORYBTA:L PAAOL.&-ON- SMILyxG DAY, Thursday, Oct. 22.-Admisslons on teMent, 7,34; ditto, by season Mlokets, 57. Tote.i'detors, i9l. tAdvertlsexnert.1~-cc Indida" by J. H. Btocqueler. The 22d thougand of thix h- ook 01 the time" In now PebUebed, pdele elgbteenpence inboar%orefree jby ot for 22stamps. In thlirolnme It bss been the elao an atorto oondexiw and )onoeetrate all the InflormaItion that Is really known ehnd mun be depeoded upon regaadin the British empire in mndjr lso r SS Itanpe "The PrirateLiAteof an z4teru Kin%,,or. the Kingomnt Oude ana its King,I by Wililan Kniglton, illnezate by Marrison Weir Thi roime gres he deat eerption extant of the townt and nelghbonrhood ot Liwknow, and the eontrr betireen thAt alaoe and Oawnpore aod throw moe igt on the interna condi on of the Oude province and India3thanm aLU thbe bins-books In exlaiene Londio, friendsa iIndiLshoulilorder theo mplot'Tf ke eldfw the cheapest, most eompleto, and= beT&Irce digeeot IC he 3e ~oltn,prvicil,foein,naal ~1lI&y,an ornjecl~ ew o
MILITARY AND NAVAL INTELLIGENCE. In the letter rrom uur Atalts correspoxMent whIth we published yesterday, th-er was a statemeort to the effect that up to thel12th Inst. the lFmeu had not arrived at Suez with the homneward Australiau mail. We are informed that the Emen was not expected to leave Melbourne on her return till the 13th of September, or to reach Suez beforo to-day or to-morrow7. The Australian mail is due in London about the 4th or 5th of November. The Prince Albert steam transport, with Royal Artillery and a portion of the 72d EHighlanders on board for india, which ought to have left Spithead on Monday r ight or Tues. day morning, did not leave until half.past 4 yesterday afters noon, owing to a change which it was found necezsary to make in the command of the ship. A large quantity of stores of every description has been despatched from the head-quarters of the Royal Enginecers, at Chatharn, for the use of the Sappers and Miners ordered to India. Among the stores are 5,000 of the new 'kind 'of gabian invented by Sergeant Major J. Jones. Tho iron bands of theso gabions are adapted for the construction of temporary suspension bridges over the rivers of India for the passage of Artillery.and Infantry in any numnbers. Yesterday the general court-martial which has been sit. -ting at Chatham for the last three days again assembled Mt that garrison, under the presidency of Colonel C. Elmhirst, for the purpose ofproceedingwith the trial of Lieutenant George William Vansittart Yule. Colonel H. Sandham stated that in au interview which he had with the prisoner -on the 6th of September the latter informed him that ho was out all day, and therefore could not answer Major Nugent's letter. 'Nothing was said by the prisoner as to his being absent on surveying duty. The reason witness put prisoner on early parade was to insure his being present at study, as be was genorally absont from parade, and also from study. The order was not given to the pri. soner as a punishment. IUnfavourable reports were made of the prisoner in the monthly reports for March, April, May, and June, and on the 27th of July he was reprimanded by order of General Sir John Burgoyne, Inspector-General of Fortifications. The prisoner was fre. quently in bed absent from his duties in the middle of iho day. Colonel Sandham also stated that the prisoner had been admonished by himself for his absence from the regt. mental conrt-martial, of which he was a member. TIhe Court afterwards proceeded with the examination of Lieu. tenant Montague Lambert, Royal Engineers, in suppoe of the charges against the prisoner. This witness stated tha) the prisoner wvas ordered to attend a regimental court-martial at Brompton Barracks, which order he failed to obey, and witness was accordingly sworn a member of the court in hit absence. The Court adjourned at 4 o'clock until this morning. Major Pipon's company of Royal Artillery left *Woolwici yesterday for Shoeburyness, to relieve Lieutenant-Colonel flamley's company on duty there. Yesterday morning orders were received at Chatham gar rison from the War-office, directing Captain C. C. Abbott, late of the 75th Regiment, and now in command of thc Palkland Islands corps, to prepare for immediate embarcation. Assistant Staff Surgeon Alexander is to proceed tc the Falkiand Islanda in medical charge of the troops. Captain Erasmus Ommaney was yesterday appointed to the Brunswick, 80, screw, on the North American and West India station, in the room of Captain Broadhead. In consequence of a report brought last week by a Spanish brig that there was a dismasted British ship of war witb troope on board in the Bay of Biscay, Port-Admiral Six Barrington Iteynolds despatched from Plvmouth on Satur. day evening Her Majesty's paddlewheel steam frigate Valorous, 16, Captain Backle, to render a&sistance. Mr. T. W. Fox, jun., Ottoman Consul at Plymouth, surmising that the disabled ship was not British, buit - Turkish line-of-battle ship, for some timue expected in England to receive machinery and a screw, telo. graphed to the Turkish Amsbassador in London, wbh made application to the Admiralty, when their Lordships sent orders immsediately to Plymouth, in conseluence e! which Sir B. RIeynolds despatched the paddlewbeel steam. sloop Styx, 6, on Monday night, to assist the Valorous. The judiciousness of these measures was proved by is tehligenco received on Wednesday at Plymouth, through Captain Machon, of the schooner Sir Thomas Manisell, which ief i Corunna on Thursday, the 15th inst., on which day Ictte:, had been received frdm Ferrol, stating that a Turkish ship of war was off the coast in distress, haviing lost her radder in the recent gale. The same letter contained an account '!i the wreck of a Dutch merchant ship, and the loss of all the crew but two. The Tarkish line-of-battle ship cxpected at Plymouth is the Fethia (Victory), 90; she left Malta for England some time since. A portion of her crew wear a military costume, which may have led. the Spanlhb captain to report them as troops. THE MILITIA. The 6th West Yorkshire Militia yesterday completed the period of 21 days' drilling for which it was called out. The regiment is reported to be in a state of efficiency. The Royal Flintshire Militia completed its period of 23 days' training yesterday, The regiment is reported to be -well disciplined. The Forfar and Rinoardine Militia Artillery, upwards of 800 strong, assembled at Montrose on Tuesday for re-embo. dhiment on permanent service. Nearly the whole regiment answered at the roil-call, and It is known that lsost of the absentees wi]l join by tbe end of the week, Thedestisnation of the regiment is Plymouth garrison, to which It will be Immediately moved. This was one of the earliest scotob regiments to volunteer for foreign service during the late war, and the enthusiastic cheering which greeted a spirited address from the commanding offlicer, Lieutenant-Colonel laird, leaves no doubt that the services of this fino body ot artllery may be reckoned on as available in any quarter ot the globe.
Tau LATE TRAGEDY AT WARLEIGHI.-Since the inquiry before the coroner relative to the niurder of Andrew Border and his wife, the prisoner, Thomas Miller, has been gradually recovering from the wounds he inflicted upon himseolf, and it was expected that in the course of a few days he would be able to be removed and undergo an examination before the magistrates. In order, however, to avoid the excitement of a public court it was determined to conduct the investigation at the residence of the prisoner, snd, accordingly, on Tuesday last Mr. P. C. Sheppard, a county magistrate, procceded to War. leigh, and took the depositions in the prisoner's bedroom, in which he was lying. Mr. Skrine, of Warleighhonse, accompanied by Mr. Helps, his solicitor, was present, but took no part in the proceedings. Blr. Slaok, solicitor, of Bath, was present on behalf of the prisoner. All the witnesses who gave evidence at the inquest were again examined, in addition to the prisoner's mother, who until to-day was too unwell to undergo an examination. She gaveherevidenceins collected manner and withouttheleast indecision. Her name is Elizabeth Miller, and, being sworn, she deposed,-I am the wife of Thomas Miller. The prisoner is my son. He is 27 years of age. He has never been addicted to drinking, nor have I noticed anything wrong about his state of mind further than that after he has been reading I have heard him remark that lie felt his head rather light on the top. On the night of Friday preceding the murder I had no rest in consequence of the state he was In. He appearpd to think there was some one fighting with him al night. I thought he was going to have a ,ever. He said the Phi2istines were coming to him. I sat by his side all night, and whenever I went away for a moment he called me back. He got up between *6 and 7 o'clock, and I gave him some tea. le seemed much better afterwards. I then went to the SheDherd's-farm, having business there during the day; before I went I told As. -Hancock to send for me if she observed my son to be worse. Daniel EHancock came to me in the afternoon and said Thomas was very bad. I came home at 5 o'clock and gave bim some tea. I then made preparations for him to put his feet in hot water, and while 1 was Upstairs getting the water ready this circumstance happened. As I was upstairs I hetrd the door open, and then a scream. Iran downstairs as fast as possible; but when I got dowan I found no one in the kitohen. The scream I heard appeared -to be that of a snan. I rushed out of doors, and as I got to ,the door I fancy I touc&ed some one's coat. It was quite dark, and I could not tell who it was. I think it was Tom. The door was wide open. When I got out of the door I aw that some one had fallen down on the pathway, and I called to Daniel Hancock to come out +o see who it was. It was the body of Mrs. Border. ,She was lying about three yards fromn the door. Mrs. Hant. I-cook brought a light, and sai, " Why, here is Mrs. Border 'lying on the ground !" Mrs. Border neither spoke nor 1moved. I went into Bradfield's house, and remained there a-ntI -my son was found. After mny son was got into bed I treturned home. My husband remained in bed all night, lAnd asked me on the following morning what the noise was %bout. I sai that Tom had bee il. The lnife produced belongs to my son, and was usnully kept in the kitchen window. I did rot see the knife that evening. I never knew maY son speak in any angry. way in regard to the Borders. I had not heard lim mentioni the narmes for Borne time. My son was a very saving young man, and had s;ome money in the savint-bank. The money fownd in the box belongs to me. I think there was 221. in the box. He was always a good and dutiful son to me. By Mr. Slack.- He was a8 harmless as a child; he acted sometimes more like a child than a man. My husband wAs not capable of taking care of the money, as he ha not been right in his mlnd during the last Ane years. He is now in the lunatic ward of the workhouse; he was remov6d ,here a few days since. By Mr. Williamg, magis. 'ts ates` clerk.-I don't know what caused my hus. tesrd to become inrane; he lost some money about 20 yeasa, ago. He has told me three or four times that he had jttemyted to commit suicide; on one occasion he tried to ,drown ,himself at Dandas. The depositions having been reed oyer to the prisoner, who was cautioned in the usal way, he o ade no reply, Mr. Slack advising him to sa ,nothing. TjIe prisoner was then fully committed for ±riaI Xhe magigtrata' (Mr. Sheppard) declined to make anv order Ft present respe.^tfng the mon6y standing to the prisoner's ecredit in tho Bxith Savings-hnk (471. 3a. d.) or the 9Qf. wveid in the honus 1MS- Edwrd, sulrgeon, Ftated that he could not givo a oerlficatg 2oz thQ9 zemovQal of the prisoner t9I*9OWjg d4e,
JOMAfAN CATHOIZj OHAPLAINy SI THE EAST. TO TRjE EDITOR OF THE T2^lES. pe.rMa in th'lett YOU to contradict A statemuent Welch appeared in the letter of "J. O.' in your paper of the 20th DSt. rel&tlve to the number of Roman Catholio soldiers in the British army during the Russian war. It is quite an erroueou0a statement on the part of your correspondeat that onae hal of the British army was composed of soldiers of the Roman Catholic persuasion. On the contrary, it is nearer th. truth to state that hardly one-fourth consisted of Ienan Catholics. I can prove this statement from what cane under my owu observation. One proof, I think, will ,sffice. Of the 600 sick men who from time to time, and representing every arm in the service, occupied the beds In the hospital at Kululee, hbardly 160, and seldom or never 200 at any given period during any foar nmonths' residence In that hospital, were of the Roman Catholie body. It would appear, too, by your correspondents letter that the rtoman Catholic chaplains were not so liberally dealt 'with by the War-office authorities as the Protestant chaplabis. This is not She case. I had the pleasuro of being acquainted with several of those eatd.nable men.1 have been with them in their quarters, and bavo accosnpanied them in their rides through the camp, and I am prepared to assert that, as a body, they considered teiemsclves on an e uality with their Protestant fellow-labourers. They had Jmrses allowed them, huts to live in in camp, quarters in hospital, rations, civil or else soldier servants, and as fair a pecuniary remuneration as certainly most of the uncommissioned; Protestant chaplains the breasts, too, of those who were in the camp before Sebastopol fell are decorated with the Crimean medal. What more could they want or expect? It is true that some of the Roman Catholic chaplains died at their posts, and that they were as much lamented in their deaths as they had been esteemed in their lives; hut it is also true that an equally large proportion ot Pretestantlchnplansgded attheirposts and equally ahared the esteem and regard of those to vhsom they ministered. The insertion of this letter will remnove the wirong impression which may have beenformed in consequence of your correspondent's letter, and will much oblige Your obedient servant. A LATE CHAPLAIN IN THE CRIMEA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, -I do not know " J. O." who examines, on his own ground, the support of " Roman Catholic chaplains in the Tast," and favours Cardinal Wiseman's views which you, in The Times so ably examined. Perhaps the country at large has adopted its conclusions In this matter, but to me there reaUy appears a prominent feature in the case which I beg to submit to your notice. I consider that in the onset Cardinal Wiseman, under the broad auspices of the advocacy of relief for the distresses arising out of the Indian mutinies, took tccasion to excite a sympathy with the clear intention of turning the proceeds to utter y different purposes. Thus, also, the H3umiliation and Fast and subscription, were not intended to be exercised for acts of proselytism, or for the .dvantages of sectional religion. Yet the Roman Catholics are advised by the Cardinal that the funds which Roman Catholics raise are intended (mark this) for their own Interests first, and if there be anything to sparo, thon, perhaps, they may place some of it for general unrposes. Now, this being so, I do not see what necessity there was for "J. O." to protrude further on the public notice the case of the Catholic chaplains. No doubt "J. 0.," being a Catholic, thinks the Cardinal's suggestion was a good one ; but their case has nothing to do with the broad question ot sympathy for the Indian distresses; and it would be equally consistent for Dissentevs of every denomination to raise tho question of the spiritual interests of their puasi members In the army. I am not desirous of believing that there aro no slncere, good Catholics whose subscriptions are nobly given for the general purposes of the Mutiny Dlstress Fund; but why should the eunning of s Cardinal be exercised to divert the benevolent gifts from tl eir universal objeet ? It was my fortune to he in the Crimea during the Russlan war, but I am bound t) declare that there was quite as earnest attention paid by the Protestant chaplains as by any other. And, as to the pay of Roman Catholic chaplains, thatis quite a concern of their own community, for the British na. tional religion is the only establishment which the Government or the public could support consistently. I know that the Catholic clergy- who were in the Crimea had a fuli sharo of ungrudged assistance in the shape of free passage, rations, medical assistance, clhapel ground, and all such requisites. But of course they, like many others, cou ld not obtain, as they ought not specially to expect, pen-ions and public notice and honour, as "J. O." seems to complain about. There remains yet one point to be observed-we, who are not Roman Catholies, must not be expected to eter into 'he local peculiarities of separate faiths of the soldiory either in the British or the Indian army. The error of o - disturbance has most unequivocally shown up the folly of such antagonisms. Soldiers always did and always will have to understand that there are peculiarities of sentiment which cannot be allowed to disturb the uniformity necessary In an army. And it is the carrying out of this sentiment to its legitimate ends that can alone enable us to maintain a native army in India. Yours. &c.. A. W. -411LUII7 VChl Zi. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-Ilaving spent eomo little time in our camp in the Crimea, whore, though I was not engaged in any duty, I had frequent opportunities of intercourse with the bulk of the chaplains, and was specially interested in inquiring into their work, I venture to notice one or two of " J. O.'s" preliminary remarks in his letter respecting Roman Catholic army chaplains inyour paper of yesterday ; for to any onewrio wsonthespotandtookpains to inquireinto thatsubjectthose remaarks must, I think, appear so incorrect as constderably to shake confidence In the rest of ",J. O.'s" statements. I thankfully admit, of course, all thal "J. O." says of the loyalty and gallantry of Roman Catholio soldiers as fauly equal to that of their Protestant comrades-a point, however, which really seems to have little to do with the subject of hos letter. I may also pass by his loose computation that about half the British army was composed of Roman Catholics; though any one who witnessed the attendance of troops at parade services must know that to be a greatly emaggerated estimate of the relative proportions of Protestants and Roman Catholics. But his next two assertions aro of graver moment. " J. O." says (1), "The Roman Catholic creed considers the presence of the minister of religion by the side of the dying, in hospital or on the battlefield, even more esssential than the Protestant creed does ;" and (2), "This feeling, whiels is shared in as anxiously by tho priest as the penitent, increases immeasurablythe laboursand dangers of military chaplains of that persuasion." Thefirst of these assertions mayboe most fairly met by a simple denial. The incorrectness of the seconid was one of the points with which I was most especialy struck upon inquiry on the spot, though I may just say that I went out with an expectation that Roman Catholic chaplains, from their special professional training, might prove more ready and better adapted for work among troops on active service than Protestant chaplains, whose training, generally speaking, Is -not so strictly professional. Tho result, however, of all the inquiries and ersonal observations I was enabled to make was a most d1ocided conviction that the actual amount of labour on the part of the Protestant chaplains was muoh greater in proportion than that of their Roman Catholic brethren, while their exposure to danger was exactly the same-I might, indeed, say greater as regards hospital work In many instances. This I could readily aecount for on ground diametrically opposite to that of "J. O." The simple fact was that, owing to the different mode of proceeding, both as regarded public divine service and personal attention to the sick and wounded and dying,-in the hospital or in thefield,-a Roman Catholic chaplain's work was often easier than that of his Protestant brother. After a lloman Catholic chaplain had celebrated one mass for the men under his charge I never heard of any additional service being held by him for their benefit, but I did find volumteer services, in addition to parade service, held by Protestant chaplains, and valued by officers and men. Again a Roman Catholic chaplain would come to a hospital and inquire if any man wished to see him for confession or reception of the last rites, and finding that no special inquiry had been made for him would consider his presence then not needed. The Pro. testant chaplain, on the other hand, felt that his work re. qi red of him not to wait till called for, but to visit the sick and wounded, lend them books, sit down by their bedsides, and enter, as far asCircumstances wouldpermit,into conversa. tion, read the Bible and pray with them, and prepare them for the reception of the Holy Communion, &c. Now, I believe that any one on the spot will bear me out in saying that thiu actually involved on the part of Protestant chaplains a greater amount of time and labour than was generally needed by their Roman Catholic brethren for the discharge of their functions. Mfind, I do not wish for a moment to disparage or lightly esteem the zeal and devotion of the Boman Catholic chaplains. I had great pleasure and interest in intercourse with themu; and I thankfully believe with I J 0. I that no men lived or worked harder, or were more wilng to expose themselves to danger and death in the faithful discharge of their duty. I only mean to claim fully as much good intention and actual fulfilment of duty for our Protestant chaplains, and, did space permit I might give you repeated instances of devotion to duty on their part fuly equal to those alluded to by "J 0.," and the happy results attending their earnest attention to wounded and dying men-not less than nine of them had died in the discharge of their duty when I was in the camp. I rnight add that, so far as I was able to see and hear of the working of the French Roman Catholic chaplains and its results, I felt that we had nothing to complain of, but much to be thankful for in the comparison. I thuink that " J. O." is again under a misapprehension wben, speaking of our Roman Catholic chaplams, he says their pay scarcely sufficed them for necessaries of life. They received, I believe, two-thirds of the pay of the Protest"ut nhaplains-and I am not defending the system of making different scales of payments-which, however, I believe Is made on the ground that a Protestant chaplain may probably have to maintain a wife and family, while the enforced celibacy of Rome cuts off from their priesta that source of expense, but any one wio lived as I did with chaplains swid offcers of equal standing, and saw the rations supplied to them in addition to pay and other allowances, must know that thousands of our Englfsh clergy at home are working upon very much less maintenance than fell to the lot of the Roman Catholic chaplains in tie war, and the same remark will, I believe, hold good of the position of Roman CatAolic chaplains in India. It is well kiown that the EastIndia Companyalways prefer marrledchaplains, andthe greataddi. tionai expense thus usually incurred by the English clergy in India must, I think, leavo their Roman Catholic brethren on a much nearer footing of equality with them as to means of living in comfort than " J. 0." 2ws been led to believe. One word I wiU add in conclusion. I only trust that whenever there nWay unhappily arlso 7need for army chaplains in time of war, ~here may also prevH among them the same harmony and Ienerous spirit of trae Christian rivalry in work andheartj appreciation of eoh other's worth as I was thankful to fin.d prevailing In the Criinea. It was, fiadeed, a field to ba.5Lsh wretched theologicl dispuites, when solweerpd-psi t their last ae~count, and all that,sixn were rusapidl the passin tot devoted nsinistfr of Christcol do was to poinj h IP ofthedy t their crucified Redeemer ane hopes their soulTsinpry.2r to theO hands of a muercifual FAtbur. - ,. -Xour obe4"t~servant. LI , a., avzu--- l P 4i
SPOWTING rIxrLLIsGas. TATTERSALL'S. T.-rrrmiv- Tlhe inclement weather prevented aubscribers from mustering in large numbers at the corner. There was a marked absence of backers of horses, and the little busioess trAs. zcted on the Cambridgeshixe cannot be regarded as Indica. tive of the true tone of the market. The only animal that eared to be reaUy ia demand was the American mare Prioress, about whtch 100 to 8 was taken. The followlng were the only quotations we were enabled to obtain CA BRIDGESHRE STAXRE 9 to 1 agI b Captain Smith's El HEdam, 3 yrs, 6st. Slb. 9 - 1I. Lord J. Scott's Mostlsslma, 3 yrs, 6st. bib. (offered). 100 - S - lr. P. Ten Broeck's Prioress, 4 yrs, 7st. (including 71b. extra) (taken). 14- 1 - r. W!gram's (rene, 3 yrs, 5st. 71b. 20 - 1 - Cont 'Y. F.a Gr ange's. Madlle.de Chan. tiUly, 3 yrs, 6st. 31Sb. (taken). ,25 - 1 - Mr. Sisapson'a Fright, 3 yrs, 6st. lUh. (taken). 25 - I - hr. J. IL Smith's Whistling Willie, 6Yrs, 6st. 131b. (taken and offered). 100 - 1 - Admizal Harcoart's RiEington, 4 Yrs, 8et. 51b. (taken). The Sabscription Room will be opened on Saturday. Mad31e. de Chantilly has arrived at Newmarket from France. THE AIZRICAN HoRSzs.-A few weeks ago Lecomte, one of the American horses imported into this conntry, died of cholic, and we have now to announce the death of Pryor, an animal that came to England with a high reDutation.
TO THE BDITOR OF THE TIMES, Sir,-In reference to the letter of your correspondent in Turkey which appeared in 7 2Times of the 20th inst., on the subject of the proposed telegraph to India through Asia Minor, it may be satisfactory to the public to learn that whatever difficulties may prevent or retard the construction of that line, It is not probable that the establishment of telegraphic communication with onr indian empire will be much longer delayed. The directors of the Red Sea Telegraph Company are, and have been for some time, prepared to proceed at once with the important work they have undertaken, and await only a favourable reply to the proposals they hav, made to the East India Company an Il er Majesty's Glovernnment, upon whose deCslon the solution of this great question now depends. Al the preliminary arrangements have been completed. Firmans from the Ottoman atid Egyptian Governments, granting exclusive privileges during constraction through their respective dominions, have been secured to the company. These firmans apply not only to the line from Alexandria to India, but include a connexion with the European system of telegraphs in the Mediterranean. Estimates have been obtained for the manufacture and laying of the cable, which will be undertaken by respon81ble contractors at their own risk. The Admiralty, at the solicitation of the company, have ordered Hler Majesty's ship Cyclops to proceed withoat delay to the Red Sea for the pu rpose of taking thenecessary soundings. Every objection vwhich has been raised as to the practicability of laying a submarine cable in tho Red Sea has been thoroughly sifted, and the difficulties suggested from the existence of coral rocks and the supposed depth of the water have been completely set at rest by the opinions of Sir Francis Beaufort, Captain Becher, RN., Captain Harris, Mr. K.night, and other unexceptionable naval and scientifio authorities, It may appear at first sight that in the terms they propropose-viz., an unconditi onal gaarantee on the whole capital as paid up-the directors are calling upon the E3ast India Company and the Government to assume an unwarrantable degree of responsibility ; but upon further consideration it will bo found that the risk actually to be incurred is infinitely small when compared with the vast Importance of the object to he achieved. Na section of the line will exceed 500 miles in length, and the loss arising from any unforeseen accident wil therefore be limited to that extent of cable. This risk the contractors, as before stated, are prepared to undertake; and, as an additional security, there can be no question that, after the first section (of 260 mdes) is finished, theremainder can be successivelyinsaredby underwriting in the usual way. There Is no reason to doubt that the Government is prepared to extend a cordial support to this company, with whom its negociations have been hitherto conducted, by the concession of such terms as may appear to the best commercial authorities to be indispensable for raising the required capital, and thus insure the establishment of tele. graphic communLication between this country and India withln the shortest possible period. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. C. L. PEEL, Secretary Red Sea Toleataph Com mv. Eed Sea Telegraph Company (Limited), 8, Moorgate-street, Oct. 22.
TO THE EDITOR OF 1HE TIMES Slr,-If Tr,Xe is a preposition so iis evev, so are &yyb.C l EbG6, 6Ouoi, sriXag) xwtp(, and a host of s5milar words. I should like to see a few Greek verbs compoumded with " such" prepositions. How charsming, both to eye and ear, would be 6,aOVjE- (he sang in concert), or 68viauEp | (he raua right a-head) ! (I have translated for the benefit of scholars, Mr. Walford and " A. C.," familiar friends of the aforesaid prepositions, plead benefib of clergy.) "Procul" comes under the same category. rVXsppaPPa (Latinized) is of course "the procul-script." Compare con-script, trans-script. Now, as everyone who has any pretensions to scholarship has already given warning to " telegram," as no one is disposed to hire " telegrapheme," and as the vacant situation hitherto has not been filled up, AMscbylus (Oxford and Cam bridge both call him "locutples testis'") will give a good character to " telepomp." He presents his claims under great advantage. His fecund aunt "omnibus" has persuaded the most mealymouthed to salute her with the familiar " bus." A stinlsr kind and abbreviating process will cause a " telepomp" to sink into a " pump," a monosyllable " understanded of the people," while those who pump for news will, perhaps, un. Conscious that they are lowering themselves Into paragrams, ask of each other, ' Is there a fresh pump to-day ?"' Your obedient servant, RICHARD SH*ILLETO. i
BOOK POST. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Perhaps nogreat benefit has ever been conferred upon any class which has been less acknow]edged or more appreclated than the book pest. oIving here at Cambridge bForexitabe, I paid 3s. 6d. once for the carriagle of a bcok, lib. weight, from Gasgow,. It took four days to come. Now I get it in a day and pay 4d. Yet I suppose it is safe to assume that, since it has beeat arranged so, o nWhy m-ight woe not have a geeral parcel post for articles, say, not exceeding 21b, in weight, or some fixed bult, at rates corresponding to those of uhe book posta It would interfere but very slightly with railway companies, for the great mass of parcels that would go bg it are never sent at all. For example, I want some tri'desthatIhave left at Glasgow gi coming up here. I shall have to want them or buy thm here, that is alL. And a man who lives at ab small station on any line-or, worse still, at asmall town off the line-slmply never dreams of such a thing as sendiug a smaUl pacel to a distant friend. The parcel post would ereate this trade, and pay a large toll to the railwvay companies where they don't get a fairthing at present. Might aot even our Eastera Couaties be expected ultimatelyto pay its subscribers a reasonable dividend out of the balance which this would secure it? I am, Sir, your obediene - T. v0w^wcl LI. o
TsEs AOCImEmiT ON THE STOUE. VYaLLy IfrwE.- WOLYEVRiAMPTON, Oct. 21.-The two pawsengers (Miss Cookson, of Douglas, Isle of Man, and Mr. Mosher or Boshier, of the United States,) remain confined to their repctive rooms upon the recommendation of the medical men who were called in at the time of the accident. They are both severely cut about tho face, and are suffering from the shock. Mr. Boshier is the more Injured of the two. He was the commander of the American bark that was wrecked lset week oft Bideford, when seven of the crew were drowned and he and three of his men esoa&W' to land upon pieces of the wreck. Mr. Boshier was making his way to Liverpool, when he experlenccd a startling ilustration of the insecurity of human lfe on land as weU as at sea. The company appear to have commenced a rigid investigation into the circumstances of the accident, and their decision is expected to result in stopping the eccentrio movements of ballast trains. PRoFESSoR AGAssIz.-Professor Agassiz, of Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachufetts, has been offered by Louis Napoleon the Professorship of PalAontology at the Museum of Natural History in Paws, mad4l vacant by the death of If. d'Orbigny. The foUowing is the letter from the French Muister of Public ILstruction:- 'Sir,-A chalr of Paleontology is vacant In the Prin, of Natur. ustory of Park bY the death of AL d'Orblgny. You sae French; *en bave eurfehed Yew native country wlth eminent works and laborlous tesearches; youar a correeonding member of the Lotitute. The Braperor would be h1ppY to restore to France a distrn«aned nan of Wesce, a renowned profeseor. I offer Yon, la his name, the vacant ohahL. Your country WMiT deem herself happy in reoDeg one of her obildren, the most devoted to selence.-Be pleaced to accept, Sisr the ainumnee of my eoutiment of high esteenm. IL Agaual, Member of tho Ititute tof Franee Proofesor ot Scdences, Boeton, U4lted 01,1tes of Aimeric-. Profesgor Agansis says the Ao&.n Courier, has declined s 9lattering offer, being unWillag k0 seVar the ties whicb bw h1im to tlae Unit StateS,
Z'H3 -COLLISION ON THE SOUTH WALES RAIL- w WA V. SWANSEA, OCT. 22. The inquest at Neath having been concluded on the body of the child Sarah Ann Harmer, who was killed by the collsion of the passenger trains near Pyle, as already reported in The Time3, Mr. Collins, the coroner for Swansea, to-day resumed the inquest, formally opened on Friday last, on the bodies of two other persons who came by their deaths by the same accLdent-viz., Mr. William Ashman, of Cardiff, and Mrs. Israel, of Pyle. A good deal of the evidence taken at Neath, and already reported, was repeated on the present inquiry, but the following new testimony was given : Ir. Joseph Coates, riasgistrate of Bristol, deposed that on the day of the collision he occupied the end compartrment of a seeond-class carriage in the up train. He was accompanied by his wife and son and daughter. On arriving at Port Talbot they were detained some time, in consequence, as they were informed, of a cattle train having broken down. They then proceeded on their proper line, and had not been started very long when his son, who was looking out of the carriage window, cried out, IIThere will be a collision; look out tor a-n accdent," and almost instantaneously the collision took place. Up to this time, to the best of his knowedge, there had been no slackening of speed. All in his carriage were moro or less bruised, but nono Iwere seriously injured. Neither the engines nor the carriages were thrown off the line, but the tenders were throwvn up on end on the next carriage to each, and the first thirdclass carriago of the up train was a perfect ruin. P'ieces of Iron as thick as his wrist were broken into pieces an incb long by the violence of the collision. Could not say whethl.r his train was golng at a greater speed than ordiLiary. Saw a dead child on the side of the line imtmiediately after tho collision, and saw a number of persons seriously injured. The line was straight where the collision took place. The whistle was sounding nearly all the way, and there was a great whistling about the time the collision took place. Matthew Coates, son of the last witness, corroborated his father's testimony. After leaving Port Talbot he wad look. Ing out of the window of the train, and saw another train coming towards them on the same line of rails in an opposite direction. The speed of the coming train had not lessened; for witness saw steam coming out of the funnel of the engine. Saw steam blowing off from the wvhistle of the down train. Could not say whether the whistle of his own ongine was blowing, but had heard it remarked on this line that they were very fond of whistling. Mr. Langdon, inspector of the Southl Wales Railway l'ollce, produced the printed book of instructions delirered to the company's officers, corntaining the rules for the proper working of the Une - and went on to say that hearing the 6.30 down train hadnot reached Port Talbob he proceeded with Mr. Clarke, the general manager, by a special engine to Port Talbot, where they learnt tbat a coilision had taken place, and soon after their artival a train arrived with the deceased and other injured persons from the sceno of th0 accident. At Port Talbot station Mr. Pritchard, a surgeon, examined the deceased and other injured parties who were taken on to Swansea. A Mr. Saunders, who was traveling from Cardiff with Mr. Ashman, remained with him in the carriage up to Lhanamlets station, when ho informed witness that he was dead. The printed regulations (as publshed in Tuesday's T2imcs) were then read. By the Jury.-Before being admitted into the service of the company aU candidates are first examined as to their fitness by witness; then by Mr. Clarke, the general superintendent- and thirdly by the board of directors, who pass or rejectitlem as they think fit. Station-masters usually undergo a probation as clerks or other subordinate officers. Policemen also perform platform duty before being intrusted with the care of switches. The officers are gonerally promoted from one grade in the service to another. Mr. Owen, of Pontypool, who attended to watch the proceedings on behalf of the friends of the deceased, put sevoral questions to the witness, and elicited thas White, the station-master of Stormy, was appointed in March, l8v5, wa', a married man, and about 24 years of age. He was instructed in the working of the telegraph. Witness was not aware whether he was examined or not, but knew that both Mr. White, at Stormy, and Barney, the porter, at Port Talbot, were competent to telegraph. They were In the habit of daily telegraphing every train to each other on the single needle instrument, Days, the policeman, and Davy, the porter at Stormy, could also telegraph on the single needle instrument. Messages of importance, such as related to the working the single line, should have been recorded. Believed there was no record taken of the messages sent on this occasion betweem Stormy and Port Talbot. The other facts deposed to by this witness have alreadj been reported. Commercial messages, he added, were sent on different wires to those used for the company's messages, and nothing could interfere with messages betweea Stormy and PortTfalbot. Thomas Gunnell, driver of the down passenger train on the day of the collision, repeated his evidence given at Neath, to which he added the foUovwing on cross-oxamiination :-There was a very sharp curve near the place where the collision took place,which prevented his seeing on which line the up train was coming. The inquiry was proceeding when the last available train left Swansea for London. The following injured persons remain in the care of the surgeon :-Ann Harmer, Neath, aunt of the deceased child, has received severe intemnal injuries; Ann Cecil, wife of a policeman at Owmramman, fearful laceration of the scalp, which is almost torn froma the head, iu a danI gerous condition; lmrs. Levns, of Laleston, knee seriously hurt. and other contusions; Mr. John Price, postmasrer. Bridgend, cats on the head and face; Mr. W. Pr,ce, tanner, Bridgend, cuts on the head and face; John Price, carpenter, Bristol, injuries to the spine; Mr. T. Williams, draper, Aberystwith, several contusions and cuts; mr. Sidwell, commercial traveller, Swansea, injuries of head and face ; Mr. Brewster, printer, Swansea, compound fracture of the leg; Mary Cummins, Cardiff, broken leg and other injuries; Mr. Brooks, baker, Swansea, contusions; Mr. J. CG-icholl, of Merthyr Lawr, contusions and lacerations; John Lawson, stoker of the down train, both legs broken, a precarious case; Robert Palmer, driver of the up train, one leg broken and other injuries; Mr. Williams, late bank manager at Newpcort, contusions; Lady Prici, Daventry, and her sonin-law, both travelling in the same carriaeo-a firstbclss, the lastin the down train-bruises on thehead and face. There were other minor cases of injurvy, which are now out of the surgeon's hands ; and the above sufferers, with the excelptions noted, are going on favourably. It is stated that the witness Chapman, who gave his evidenoe as reported in The Times of Wednesday, and who it will be recollected endeavoured to dissuade White from sending the down train on the up line of rails, so fully expected a collision that on the departure of the train from Stormy he ascended the adjacent mountain to watch its progress, and actually saw the catastrophe which he had expected to occur.
TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIMIES. Slr,-In your notice yesterday of the " Letters from High Latitudes?' you seem to imply a doubt as to the actual facts of the surgeon's revelation of the primitive simplicity of Icelandic manners, as you throw the entire responsibility of the story upon Lord Dufferin; in justice, thereforo, to the poor doctor, I may so far corroborate his story as my own experience of the simple nature of the nbrtherns goes. In January, 1854, a most severe winter, I was obliged to travel from Christiania to Drontheim, in Norway. At a st station (a solitary bulding about 3,000 feet above the ievel of the sea), caUed Nebye, If I recollect right,my memorandum book is not to hand just now,-1 had nearly the same attention paid me by two strapping damsels about six feet high; the:family seemed to be a family of giants. They were the daughters of the postmaster, and, having conducted me with much the same ceremony as the doctor describes to my bedroom, there they stood like sentries on duty, not helping me t undress, but waiting quietly tll I was undressed and in bed, answering all my protestations that I did not wish to give them any trouble and that I wanted to go to bed by a quiet smile, and the asesrtion that it was not the least trouble to them. After I had jnmped into bed they then came to my bedside, shook hands with me, and then tucked me carefully in like a baby in the cradle. Travelling several days in these high eltitudes, where a habitation is only to be met with once perhaps every 8, 10, or 15 miles, I met with the same attentmn at all the night quarters until I came to Rraas, the coppermines, vhere these attentions ceased. I understood from the natives that this ceremony of " lighting a stranger to bed" Is the highest compliment that can be paid to a guest. I have necessarily cut my story very short, as I morely intended to corroborate the doctors story. Your obedient servant J V (I1TR.PTCTR Fotmtaln House, West HartlepooL, Oct. 2L
AI OTnmm EXx sVE FiXiIN Tim CiTY.-Yester- day mornhg, between 3 and 4 o'clock, a fire, attended with a serious amount of damage-probably some thousandstook plce in the newly-ereteod and extensive range of premises known as Mincing-lane-chainbers, in Little Towerstreet, occupied by numerous persons, among whom were Mr. Adams, an engraver and lithographic and letterpress rinter, the floor beneath being in the tenure of Messrs. M!oore, teamercha,nts. The approach to the premises was i by means of a narrow gateway, and the discovery, in consequence, was not made until the fire had gained a strong hold, and was issuing through the roof, and for some time illuminated the whole of the east end of London, and shone so brilliantly upon the Tower as to lead many to believe that that national establishment was in flames. This, tas might be expected, caused a general turn out of the police, the firemen of the Brigade, the West of England, and the Royal Society's fire-escapes. The mains of the Now River Company having been drawn, a bountiful supply of water was immediately procured; it provel of not the least advantage to the firemen, in consequence of there being no stairs leading to the top part of the premises, mnd it was not until the men, who were admirably directed by MFr. Superintendent Braidwood, Mr. Fogo, the foreman of the district, and Mr. Connorton, cut away A sort of secret partition that they were able to throw the water upon the exact scene of conflagration' and, it took several hounrs before the least lImpres, sion could be made upon its violence. The firemen, however, although exposed to no little danger, kept to their posts in spite of the torrents of boiling water that fell from. the top of tho building and uaturated their clothing; they were enabled by 5 o'4lock to get the mastery over the fear. ful and devastating element, but not until the upper floor, nearly 100 feet long and 40 feet wide,was bhrned out and the roof destroyed. The aecoud floor, belonging to Meas. Moore ancl Co., the teadealers, as wel as the floors under, are extensively damaged by water, &c. The whole of the lower offices re likewise greatly injured. The or*in of tho fire is unknown, and owing to bMr. Adams living in the country it was impossible to tell whether or not he was in. sured. So strong a hold had the fire obtained of the building that the conductor of the Royal Society's fire escape was called before even the man stationed at the gates kinew any. thing of the outbreak; and he, with Mr. Inspector Baddeley, promptly attende4. a3 wtell as Mr. Inspector Mitchell, *nd Acting lnspector Elarding, and Sergeantb Smith aud Trewr, who rendered great aid to tbe firemen by keaping the X . mswne crowlr oPt Qdang6r,l
Tho nes ediUonuef WOOD's ELNLE2NTS of ALGEBRA, revisedana VT improved by the Ler. TaOMAI LUND, B.D., ig now ready, pr1oee Cd.Vulodon, Lougmau slid Co. The INIDLA ARbMY.-Juv ipublhad. .n.. es hatlo -rewn N NDIA and its ARMIY: an Essmy reprintod trom the I1 =d11boeg1 Review, NO. CCI January 185& Br, tbe Rev. 0. R, GBIGEt, ?&A.Cpue-General to Her Majest Foros. Lon. don, Longman aLnd tJo. In one voL 8Po.. up. 320. price 10s.. A CONCISb HISTORY of the ENTrRE ABOA LIION osof IEC NC, RESTPAINT in the TItEATMINT of the INSANj ko. By R. GARDINER HIUL4 F.8.A. Member of the loyal College of Snrgeons of England. Longer;an anl Oo,, Psternostar-ror, London. The late Colonel APIIINE I&OUNTA-i. O 1 -In 1 voL poet Sro. wIth Portrait, price &-. 6d. cloth. \ EMOIRS rnd LETTERS of the late Colonel Ai A. 8.H. MONSTAIN, 0.B.. Aidaods-Camp to the Q teen, nd etant-General of Her lMajety's Fortesi ul ndia. Edited by Mrs. MOUNiTAIN. London, Longmnn and Oo. The ED'UCA.TIONAL OONFERENCE.-Juct published, In poet Bro., price 6o. 6d., sewed, ESSAYS upon EDUOATIONAL SUBJlECTS read a at the Educ%tIonal Oonference of June, 1857. With a Short Acountof the Objecsand Proceedings o: the Meeeing. Publiched bi authority of the Committee. Edited by ALFRED HiILL Barristerat-Law, one of the IIonoray SecretarIes. London. Longman ad Oo Fifttl edition. with Portrait price 3s 6d LOGIC for the MILLION. ByJW. GILBART, L ~~~F.R.S. By tte gameXahr O Elementsof Banking, with Ten Minates' Advice shboot KeeDing a Bnier. Third editioa. 2&. d. A Pracical Treatise oa B,ankng. Two vol. I6. The Cotamerce of the Autlents. New edition. 2c. 6d. Longgmsu and Co.. 39, Paternoster-row. Dr. G. ROBINSO on the CIO{U rTIONoftueBLOOI.-Jud published. in post 8vo. price &%,, clnth. tONTRIBtJTIONS to the PHYSIOLOGY and PATHOLOGY of tie CIRCULATION of the BLOOD. By GEO.GE OBIN3ON, U.D. Lioentiste of the HoWal Collee of Physicians ot London, &o.; PhysIcian to the fewctstle and Gateehead Dta.ensGries;and Phspician to. and MeWdicl Proprietor Of. Ben,ham Asyearn gateshead. London, Longmnan and Co. New E!dition ot CONNOLLY' HISTORY of the ROYAL ENGI- NZER-&-Just published, in 2 rol. 87o., with 17 coloured PlAter, SI[TORY of the ROYAL SAPPE'RS and IlNR fo heFrato f h Os-p in 1772 to the date whenlie esigat~n wa chagedIn Otobe. 155; and incinsding the Services of the Corps in the C *ieneaandat the Stege of Sebastopol. 131 , W.I. ONNOLY, uacermater f te llo,al Engineers. enond edition. reses and eQnlsartgted.onDdonLonteLnzan. and Co. HOUNTly on lSTAMIeEuNG..l'nbimhed thtu&tris daBy, third odition, tho- roughly revised, withcnany 32postantadditio~s, price ic. 6d., poet T R P-ATIS on the C UI R E of STA M M ER IN G , method smoe sUnple, as well Oa more effeetive than that of oiber profesE3 a of the same uri.'H-Westmlnter Review. Tin work Is altogethor without a competitor. It is thereogniseod authority upox the gubJect.-uaLo. London, Long-san ad Co. and by poet laro the A,nther. S. New urbrigtion.street, W. Tote da to psallehe, VoL , Pert 1 rc i e.coh B.HRta BURiAL-S, iSe-o- bdto-- n ulIhe- Inon- vl rPHE LAWS REATI NG to BURIALS with AL Notes, Furmw, alnD Pyra a ins TutrALondon, T. ZAlder Ems. BRrtestr-t-LAw, of the BuriasAtOle.econd edition, Including the StmItee of the preshentu a e and Irkis ActL Wn. Maxwel 32. Be-yard, Lincoln's-Inn. ComPiee In one portaile Tilume, for Use in Church ur namily Devo- tion. or Private Rea(ing, crown PTO., with Rubric% roan, lInoroo nla. u bebnt Morocco, 183., dP0E 'DAILY SERVICES of the CHURCH tb of EN5LAND. xtract from the Bishop of Oxfosdldes Prfore ho"I meolt warmly oomwend this volume to all Churchmoen and ospecially to the coery, who wiltfind in it a treat help tcows mAlttanelum.that godly and wholeotme use of tI se day sterviocet which the PrYer.boo enjoins on 'all priests enid geacouz who ace not let by sickness or some other urgent canute o it will prove ecUa.y convenient to those who read the daily cervice at bome, a to thos who are able to attend the daily service at church. Oxford, and 377, Strand, Londov , J. H. and James Parker. htieeR&IKeNoV~jus,.~; in3Veis.potBra. IVERSTON, A M. CRAIK. London, Smith, bl,a Co .& 65. Ceengll. HLARRIET MARIfINE&U'a NYW WORKC ON INDIA.-Neariy readyit) In eo volne, price half-a-cro,rm B aRITISH RULE in f.. IA: a Historical Sketch. Bsy IARItIET MA_RTINB&U`. London, Smith, Elder, and Co., 65, Coruhill. lt degredy, In Imperial Poro., with -SPled,e` In ChrOm-Lith-graby, -TIGemeom. S fUOitty n3 INDIAt bveiand Xan Aecount .lofhe nthie tO rieni es on yont vilnotcgettoeanauri-g thel iB t ge- ofn theuh wrtrs the zsth cenItsurymue o e e s nLufi Sacons from-it 1o5f t, 15ig . Byd tA I Ne Ioo an le tapinhs It adrrs Contingent re3dbn,oe ih GUdet tandC. cC. Core -uhdillu rITb- thoyse o toulhre Oledr eyon ttb the Authtedr. h TPHE N MoS E RAT tR. inAThrole. Letty Ao to Bregifndbser ssiGs. uTheeiopeAputwr Tof oen Tainter of S AWAbitera AurniC.es. CAb g o of te wrteraof nhe dayn ofs Eliabeth setse lht-rtosBltw sese Ietret of A hg, n Tohitu.-Iani Bruldes Ae booe ty bered ndR retmo d aord willun haveRTO a agradsnce iclton thzdan anydnowebned drgthpate.-tnducrve Lonadsn Sosithe.cad 9 e dmee,an C... Ceanh.pl1 owreay sOecond edton, wth Ictentons byth AfoDnthe, crow Pro., pelts esIs.mwi.. yet tha ILtoeglnurernthcs. l By q J uthH ISI. ,A,Aloof -t-ld a oDern Pate" "Stoees of Sen , Lecew Laemps ofedrk,as ecture 'Lonurs on .rclts,ureand Pinstuting"v.-Te r ule fr are clearhy a 'd-lai dn, endth arlereercisalwaysry cndctitetowrdnes the m Bnd by ci and nnbasing means. he r Tobeendoetaini Now areaatdgftyIarite.Ttsgit. r ea p e -Agvthectu "Szea4UI will hie-ound tonlybaenIoncvuabe Ianquintln tod suggestive"O The most useful and practical hook 0n the Bubjcwicbaeerom und rnotis clao."-Pieas. London, Smith. rEle FIAC- PS CriLo p re i iton, prine 1s. clot AE ULOBIOP:E HY oof LUTFULLAH, a Mobya A umedaBn GentSleman; wlth an Accunt of his Visit to England. llted by E. B. E T W1y, ozq., F.R.8 P.SA. "We hays reed thie book with wondep nd d elight. Mfemoir's of alve Moslem gentle. man ate a novelty in our letters. . . . Lntfnllah's istcory wil aid. In Its degne, to aomesoart of under,tanding of the lndiau tnsurrectim -Aoenmeslm. Read fifty volumneg of tmval and a thousuad miral tioni of the Oriental noreil,and you will net get the flavour oiEastern life and thought, or the rest of ito romance, so Per ectiFp lasI Lutiellah's hook . . . . . All Is simple and real, a photograph of social Inda.`-LOader. Readable, instructire, and entertaining, end most creditable to Its rextbor."-Satuerday Review. " As an eutobiosraphh the book is. very curious . it beam the strongest resemblaknce to Gil Bias of anything we have ever read. "-e3 tior This veritable autobiograhy reads itke a mixntm of tt."rAo the ad Adventtres of Gil Blas with those of the Throe Calendare rery one who is intrsted In the prent state of matters in India should read Lutiullah's own account of himself and hig people, as well as their pecuia- and general feein towardsamteFn Sp geeal"-Olobe. "The bookopen bupy aewrvei, anD may wi. l be astonished to find how slob a veIn It ltoai-onomial. "At the present fearfulutrie's this hook will be read with peculiar inse. rest.r0-0Oitlc. "A treaure as well as a mrelty In l1tetature."-FcActIo1 RTeviw L ndonu S mith. tier,and C o.. P5c. C o I Tots day is pubiished, price le., TTe oPe.to Lord Viscount PAL?8ERSTON on LEMEIL EFOEN%L By JOHNi G. st BURT, Fellow of the Royal College of Paysician,d, inburgli. W. Blaerwood and Sons, Edinburgh cnd London. Thin day tos ubllehed, In crown PrO., prico lOs. C6d., ORN' -)AL B8 or. the Conflict' of Opradon. . By T WILI M 8 M It H, feq., AuRthor of Athew Dlwol a Dram : a Discourse on Ethcs, do Sleeps the future, like a snak narrolled, Coil witlitn ootll"-Wordsworth. William Blnckwoo I and Sons, Ediniburgh and Londoni. Now ready. p rie I2a, fOMMUNr CATION with INDIA by MEANS of c RAILWAYS in EGYPT, must important to England. James Ridgway. Piocadilly, and allbeRoteUemere. Noe ready, 2prce oa.. 5.EW FINANCIAL SCHE ME; or, Proposals for Ai Road juotinethe Balanceof Ta.xationin favur otrf the Poor. By ALEXAZDER PL&TT. James Eldgway, Piccadilly ;and allbDooksellers.~ ~~ lr THE LIFE of RBR OWEN. Pabllshedl by E Hllseham Wien,Rya oeharg,M London. Generial TlCKER'c12NDIAN lEOT-Ti a,Is, or port free for 13potg tps A GLANCE abt the PS an th FU U Ein ,C3oonnexion with the INDA EOL.B aor-General Hi. T. TUCKEBt, 0.13.. late Adjtn-eea fteAm in Bengal. leondon, Rinigham Wilson. Rty lExhne NEW -WORKS .jl)nEDInCOULLEE n 21 5-c.1,0 pi yONG's PRASELOGIAi~ENGLISH. TINandL&TN.BGLIH DCTONARY. Bye., with Plans. lie.th tiol I. Ceasa ilesandProres oftheEngish Constitution. Thlrd 4, 1ev. oydE.ld'e rimay Pinciles of eaoning. Post Svs. 5. nyo's art an Ma; o, Cmpaatve Physical Geography, C Srmos I Stnes or Sciptre onOnedby Geology. By D. I. he nlyAutoried dllonL-Prccot'sHistorical Worke, with The Reignaof Ferdinand ned Isabellak. Crown Smo. U. Tin onqueat ofMcccloio. Crown8Pro. Be. The Conquest oflPeru. Crown Bye. Br. History ofPhi lipU. of Spain). Crown By.eg. s B. The Andromache of Eurip ides, intended to be read Lass P1m Greek Play, By the R1ev. J. Edwardasand the Bay. . HawkIns. Pp.p 8ro. 4r,C6d Lodon, Richard Bentley, Publisher In Ordinary to Her Majesty. LIBRARY EDITION oSADRDW S-Pttblihed bY Richard Bentley PulibrInOdaytoHrMjs. THEENTIRE OO0LREPON NC fHRC TLWAELPOLE,EA.RL 'efOROD No0is uln ,fo h original MSS., and neow first crhonologelyarne,wt oin Index now first adde-d,including upwasof11nelter.Eid by FUIER CUNNI HA,EA VoeIto5rayTob oompletea In eight caevlms ihnmru otat nsel price 10s. Cd. eacb.-VLBimdaey 2. Presoott's Hitor 1tteRino Philp IL of fsipai. 2 Tole.. S. Praoi' isoy oR h elgn of Ferdinand andIsabella. IrTol., Pro.,wtprrat,I. 4.PrcotsHsoyo the Conquest of Mexico. 2 vole., Bye,, with 1poriaf ,Se S. PeelsHiiyoftheCouqueetof rer. 2vole. Seo.,vrithPoetraits.2 6. Preott's Biographical and Critical Eaz ys. 8vo., with a Portrait, lie. g 7. JamWsn s Naval Hlistory of Great Britain to the present time. C vols. PrO., with PIanoi and PorLrait,. SOs. , a Maree's Hitory of Chricstlan Churches and Sects, from the Earliest Agee o tChristianity. New edition, 2 vole., 8Po., 2le. 9. Pr,oreow Cresy's Fifteen Deisve Battles of the World. Scond edition, 8vo., with Plans, ILe 10.Guiots Hstoy f to Eglsh evouton to the Death of Charles L. 2 volt. Pro., 23a. iI. Guinet's Historo r 2.Oliver Cromwell and the Elish Oommon. 12. Goot'sz History of Richard Cromwvell and the Dawn of the Beei 13. Bancroft's History ot the American Beveloltion. 3 vote. Sro., 14. Earl Stanhopes (Lord M abon) L'etters and Works of tho Earl of Chesterfield. B vole, c,.,vwith Portrats, 56.. 15. The Diaries and Oorrespondenco ot James Harris, First Earl of Malmonsbuxy. Edited by his Grandson, the Third ElarL I vols, ro., with Portealtn, 42s. 1p. Mignet's History of Mary, Queen of ScBaL. 2 vola 8ro., with 17. iveBs ot he Queens of Englad of the H'oa e of Hanover. By Dr. Doran. 2Sol, rown3 8vo., wIth Portraits, SR. 81. Mohnarchs Retired from Burine. By Dr. Dora3, 2 vote., crorwn .Lnnd B oishrd Bentley, New 8arlington-street, publisher n onldi. Third editios s ah ED'DUCATION. EXERCISE. RESPIRATION. 2 " HeiDp, 2d. By THOMAS HOPLEY, F.BS. London, ChurchiL UlRIING's GUIDE for STAMMEREE8, .Just published, fop. ST- cloth, price 2a. 6d., TOCAL GvYMNASTIC,or, a Gulido for Stammer. niaSI. '-We have no doubt thathisf rneplee are eoaretd, and worn. comens Si paes o te ntic of posessintareeted in the *tvet menrit of t.i b defect."MeodticailTi s and Gacette. "It contain much really Important andnovnel Informatiot only Upo tatmmer. alo tepyiloyo.pcheThe Lancet. " mr. Ur bok the leeey sd teatesotof tanmorTing baa reach to recomen It. Sldie Chiusgcal eviw. This be an admirable litte Iook-Th Leder "SI. Ulin Isobvousy a master in what be profeee.-sibrhWel eiw guide soe plaiu ad appatreoposoaldt GUwhcolemended toth w hiegera ton of ea bcmerers and awkw rdBvpeakeee.-The u ia, hlba Qbuxc'1lll New Boai e)e.tei ROlUThDGE' NEWPUHBLXOATIN8-ASn "Uncle !oee l te. 8ovdon, Gog Bl td.nth d Ceo.,c The OUDE KINGDOM r.d is G.-Jn Scp. Lv,., price :., bom or in cloth, 2.. Bil,, THE PRIVATE LIFE of un EASTERN KING T 73y Wm. KNIG aTON with nllsstrationbyarlu g =va book with Scarcely a tithe of it, aterigvlehsbe Wiith oue dall oee °> takeanpoe We .4 'arringdon-It'ondur3eogs outef NOle Colspete, in c. . C,$a MuhkatIea.E dn 'Sye eaGZLsO 10. Al. Btly tbir TbedS'o FThe FeoubrredAnew. 5. JyP. Gresslaok PloodaidYield. 1g6.K BWy. H.MawJ. Pheee,of ,si,e. I.. BIyG. Ii.Kiurrlsy. Linsy L'sctwooA. I.. By Mms Crowe. Prairie Bi:ul.. 2 Hn.. 0. A. Murray. Viulet; or. the Danneute Is. Cd nnmo.T sf lowe by AOTOLT et Miariia,e In HIgh IUfe. Ie. 64. B: the Author of. T, 'rolyan.' Be.& rAndon, r.rge Routedge and aCo., sn1ngdonetreet WU88E:L'0 ;UROPPF ITOI&IZBD.tSl ade.-In ot e Yd DUSSELL'sMb EPITOMIZED AL1 Rier the UYs of,rtdtaadchl. eng rmpeseI book or Modern Hisoyao j,o Fcs ats dI Pestat BrTente, the he fKsfoao tae.ano irLi Of Celbrted Chart and Go., Fmrringdoni.,tre. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ WiM -IODU t`ratiossi by GE Pcte-n1cL,ro s. rc s "W1E HUNDRED PICTE FABLES, with n 'kPDesigus, by Cto pcie.sae egae y h eh Dalule, with Itby.ceb .HYDLKT'i #bD%h of thought and6trsemaIgcnee ntebatfld 111n0 of Otto Specte,cmie ihtetetgmict fh 1rhymes, ronter tIs Ium td o b aue nelc sI sI the ttli1ieml; child.loe,GereBtedeodCe,arndo streeL Now rFeay, OF. 's CULINAY OAMPAIr.t .. r . to S(YER,-, 5,,clth etr glt SOYRR's CULINARY CAMIPAIGN, Illuctr~ati With Portr anut, numeDou E v wtteie to seconomy and an Imsiroved bill ffc noae)hnood n i Plai Art Of Cootery to all Mdil the Am, andNavy,c Woo espies ofthw ae beeIn a da e.D. purchased. Almaote teto r p r e descrithe t.1s5 mnaDry Campan as a rn Diet . ctve ped emotingornue,ic r.hich eey eb should have. i'oad Geurge Rot9lere andeCo, Pardos:reet A BOOK for every iiOUSiltOL],..TI. S. priceI.hl .nc Dietions Ad-io f or t'rebr a ple Home. Pltt)hiPr ;Dlr DairEy 4, outr Yad,Landy R LLC ;Sof BasingULT. Bye-tg pDrlg" . ~ adCelor By J otheR t e tituoedbyat amlell-tto.ro Etiej.H g A_ bEE uloheioe prcLs 6 Etl'pe, and illustrated with eou rt, Ing Loudks. George ROUtIe,10e and Co.. flsrfingdon.strct Jutpbih Priot is., b woa i rd e5s, E TILEE LAW ofLNLR ndTNN.B JLWA. l{OLDleunf c. fGa'-In.Britrstl, "We should b Cisei o yI ntg this book all the pshiiyI orpwrs co1 eyoes ccr us to meet those reoletoe n "Tbethe b-ere ios Verpetoaly Occurring bewe idlr n eat.Itiatoe i ficently tOPUlAr to b nelgbo n olrptyacrt ob trultworthy."...Manub~ xmnr odn ereBntsg o (O., FariLnxdou.s rrv.J LUHL LuNtu,-w pre-The d Thousaud. prIe id., b J NDLA. By j. H. STOCQUELER, With Cnr Ao~ .1. count Of the MutinY In the Bengal Arry, and reliable inforE; the Gorernment. the vri,end Bonito eatn Brpa ife iRD India. Al. e descritions ot the Princitpal tioen Carlutta,s Uad, BOmnbay. Delhi, Azra. Lucknow, do.; and prwa,ct,ical advc on pro cuasing tha necevs.ry Outdt sUitable to eithe Droutetae advce or ees, land. in thils VinmIudo It has te the a"mer trouothndeens aod ved. irte AD the lormatiof regading the Bto ib t ooa edcc which Is so essedtil eshould now bethiea by iBire er in the ofAl, George iOutiodge and an. a trre.ry oneg. Ltdon,t Just ds'eDjt to e-tinn d, b 4 free boset, OAEPT-L OMS1 MEDICIN.R. H.tBy,J. LAUR1, M.D. Devoid of all technleellity. No Wrelttn Is Presribed withent the indications for Its simemo an the reais dose to be adminditere. An euorlent work forlaele, amtrantse e and helonarleeA. medicn JechestfOrtis ework f rIce Ag.. RAn Epitomeof the shoe. Price 5.. A gulde Wos th...omPEeTI ths treatm in 'amil pratsice. Al coafor tiswork. lpriegadt.bL James Loathe, St. Paul's chiuchyard, and S, VexetTceet. OKr. As H e eimsplo beIargosed ao, boue nmdsti oe e, ones bt posCiy AU met. g Clzof ltrvedihi, foXe this work,e Xrd i ~~a. Jmed Lit.h .- St. PauiD, church) urd, and 9N VeYotreet, ix.o Ju.t publiahed, prie is.. fr ee bp t jOMCEOI'AnHY-GENERAL COMPLAIJ=}gjSB HT. Plain DirectioNs for their Treatmet twith12 MediXces. Arnd; of inedicinee for this work. pMrie M2. James Leash, 5i tlt, Pso1o ehurchyard. and 9. Vce.ssecs~t Oxfrcd-etreetm. mon uUaUoen,e touni becoad edition, price e bys t poetbe r.-k o maon Dieorder Rules tor Diet. Recipes for Delicane, wich may be u.a1erutan by peresnfe eucori .tfromeither of theecmpln, dJervod t.Paul's churcya, -tand 9, Verstreet,Oxtocd-t-ret. J Juet publih e d, priceon ., poet fre. OA IMCEOPATRI Tm of SYTHILI. HTIC and URINARY DISE&SES. Compiled from the svorke ci the moet eminent Enaglish, French and German author,. Bly J. EB. JItLIT. Jamea Leath. St. Pn 's oo heburchyard, FALLAJLES of th, By Dr. Fy oDICI(SON.y the natne Athor, Destructlyc Art of He.ling. A o a rice 2. 6d. _llmnpkin,. Mar,hal, aud Cb. taione' andaltoatseiecs. J n st published, p rice , ost fe . ., TOMAOH end DUODNUM their Diseases anti gTreDatment. ByDS.EVANS B ROlE. or. TL cgbly pretical.' -dLdrcat Times aud Gazrtte. "Teuto bar evidently seen much practlce.-Athenmum. s'iuipkin an Co,,hatome' hali1-cnurt. Jn.tuUsed publshedito, fPrice. cloth, free., pot Editer UPrelsor of rbymist`in athe ni of O II. O .R.T, London n9. Bhurchill. Xew Burlingtius,treet. J est pubilIshe d ot8o, price 15.. per post lId. t_ Kingston, Dipese. I. Churchtil London. Aepo. and of te Auhr. G Just pUblhed ogt, rroe2. CIONG UMPTI of at e iwo fgNtr n 15..clot, with & Eu sCeefoloured P Tatment. ByJoIiN GAB, highly interesingsand Strutu n ourig: N re and tcogon-trelt. JtetB published, hill Nes B lUee;uriine he"Mro.. lothft. by po St I s. f d. ~TRIOrl TUhE of the URETR ; tys Complicathons, Symtoms aeduTreatment wibtha CansesIlutative. WeIrearmd ohi Wore otthemotomUreberisivT;lney ldlr ctheruj-t'-Aot `Or.Azh Tre'atinmistmoreIntruactabemosormp.lBt onEwepoWADe,nnh F.. ddredon baterou the WestugvdTtmin stDer Dspnaryt Mr. ae hat paidhevt attion to wbel s deserve dlye luc ks medt uo asla aneati-hrorit i ths alotew. "WakelceloTime.. 2The hl oLulumeais ful Po prutilete and Bpria lf.nen. CUmRanrn Lo tredon. Coth urlehL IL London, Ne . Cu rchllg Nt ewulntstuee'. Juse et publOBish,f.outh. ecUto. . IASHTION ond itsheD DSENE the ByU4, Lertu weith reOmark o bitual r Dne9lTcJtlO O the Tregardthis workpubite etn ompree k onc u y theo uwn anrebtt Mr.D. es destonwr ud t bed peatdedt Ltiasthe ost complersone wenprise fromtho subj f hs et tIt welodsrve w thet feuicUdeespitas mdet rvthd ZT901 I LomonReniew a We know phof opboo In the rewglsh t an.b Oabrecon l-aoMpedlcal.lmes an Circular. Lono, n Churchitll. New Burlington-street. Just publishe.ended,ipiceIe,o th, ifs.Cd. fIGESTCANLATNd itsN an D ANE NTR.ABy " MYNT.KCABEyS L .D.,EL R ChccetS. Iar?surIeoepial,an eCtLUdrern atedic ine at Hspt.ary' ML ialSholoThsi on,sBm. mo pulcto,tW e t akentha up. aBtrown asidue,em hot the rriEsto dee tudy an upathen Inoetioaofthen Nrof person canprie fro thweu peruoae of treatmcentii wo ofokrwithblout afeeseino dep cand Circular Alao sby inth o sam Aitbre n on hlspy ntevestbn wr.thpamtes.orisg1. -Me diclTm.anGate.Ldo.Jh Ohorclll. ew Briinton.srch1 Nweil.go-sr Jut Jui.e.secn pbised.ritir ,fp. ly. cloh, s. IN thTHRLAPEUT~ItC ACTUREONdo TRYEAT. M%beNT.ess By S. B.KER ROWN P K C. SI . Ral i,Rcona. Veuuthor ubland aetue oneMiwifr aneisaeso Wcmy p and ChiLdrnAtt. haysfeia,Lno, onCucil e u.D. Istnstree adrt e, had. oR W W achll 1.Eeae-o- "Wethntat1Mre. Bpownhst dvone pice cT7(Pommuitymuc seric by,urginbughuponnthyunoice anInuiof nt thepfseosotpe su and ueesus of aoeof reatibmentfo on formidtable DoamdlentseByjadPHYSICIcuAr. LOndsomBl1erDsea ulsher, f1 Women,amt-tingefet gca. rate wih lte.oe., clot.wth, Eigs. Ooord. Pae u~odct,I&~ m AN, his Strustpublsed pric Phs.ol Cdp.,rl withn recentdas pDeming ts Ste.ingularh movleabeinimany In trataleDisese.By S.OBT. BKNOX. LD. IEL Baillilere, ,9 pul-hrn g1, e gteutre t. et Tieseipubhished,oa,newoeditioth,pDrice2.C. reb pos. 4 A oicE,ATI.SUCESoLn TRE A ATEDb EIAE ALiATsIQN& thy ALREDaBAUMOinT MAdon_. MoD., Justpusiuhed pos Ivo, prce I * urphoeditis.nC.. p THEOTGREATS of oue SOIA EIL, PrAC SElbuh an DbinI nInuiyinoYh CausethedTMeanseof Corloueste,. BOy ROT KO,(aD . lLE're; pbliher selves as We feel assured thxt they wll theby drlive MUCh valnahic WnormpatiOn."-8un. H. BllIUdre 119. Regent-street. Lonon.oi Piles Se. Cd, freeprpe.o. eiin ihnueosCss ON NEARVOUS e)SO DE S specially when asising from oufctional Derangeaent of theoIver Stosac-h Heart, Uterus, Ki and oherOg or from the tecOf Tropical Clmimats neprne o yD.MDOI.frel PhysicIan to tho MainA lum, d, "An agreeaby wtnc readable book, ahowigcts or o be awel-norm mn an go Dractitionor." A Whlch ie*diae J na Weayn oe tir and warmly reonmmmndt be to r o a who are in any degree lIntereltedl nItes ub The daser HB . 219. Regentleett,rr Oewedition nthe fourth) -4uit'fish ed price eL. free by est, 5s. 4d., ('IN TRUE and FALSE 'SPERMATORRH(U,* e-4 with a view to the ormectios of wlde-proad errors itn relation to its Nature ConecQuonoe, and Treatment. Translated from the GeV' MAU of Dr. Pickford. To which is added, an Ssay on Nerous De. Jbltty by the Editor. The editor hu onerred a great been by kinaatig this book. The difference betweeni true sermatecrhcb and the varous f nMs of diease which rwesmble it are accurately de, cribed, and thus a safe guide Is offered for the treatment of the Inalady.r.-Medical Circular. IL Bailters, 2115 ltegent-etreet. T Just publabd pic .. C peg pot 2S., Sd., HrPE EAR nHELHancl DISEASE, andI cm JthePreventionaof Deafocus. By WILL1A1KHAEVNY,V.B.C..,, Surgeon to the Royal Dispviaxa for Diseaes of the ]Car, Londoa, Henr Ronshw. SiC, Strand. Fourth edittio, prioe I. t d, N SPERMATORRH(EA.- By 3. L. MITON ' Reprinted from the eelsPapers in ass net, "Wedoni? the subjiet could hare ien hbndied Inn a more nnexeptlorabie manner.'-Kedioal Ciroular. London, G. Phlip and Son, 52, 7lqe flN the OJ ofIT A l,P lus", tO. JW.ithout lbs Operation oi the nlfs ' with fllnetratlve 0sss EB S. J. VAN BUlTC iElI4 Snrgeen.Acecoeur, Behin aD Alaldg ment of the Authos' Work entitled "Facts au& Chseorvato,c s, 0.1'. Skee, msbitsbsr. 10. Ktss WllIooereeg Chrngtcbtm NTH Wnd LONNVITY5, &tC By EI MILES Mums ; teir Si. Da W d " h ; w. If , U. auk Q'4 f te Awthas, ILk 1115J011L Nlab gab so
SALES BY AUOTION. At the Mast, This Day. MESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, und TRIST beg to inform the public that the FRREEaoLD BROPERTIES adveltised for SALE at the Mat, THiS DAY, at 12, will be offered in the ollwn re,v 1. B6rkr.-Three Cottager, outbuildings, and enrfosures of wood and aranle laud, at Beemh.ns. 2. wills.-The Laekhamu Eat3te. near Chippeniham. S. Wiis.-The Little Bedwin iZtate, near Hungerford. 4. Ltocolnstare.-Freehold and Tithe-free Estate, nroes New Boling. brote 5. Hants.-Freehold Estates. in the Parishes of Preston, Oandoves Bradley, Nutley, &ntworth, and Weld. In four lots. Old Broaa-sat.eet Biirrhion.-3leent 38usnllurs. beautiful objects of Decorative Art Pictures, Prints, Library of Illuetrated and o:ber Books, and varno s Effects, the property of Colonel Bacon, quitting his residenoe at Brighiton. 1'A ESSES. FOSTER are directed to SELL by AUC. ILL TION, on the Promises, Victorlaetrrraeo, Hove, lBrighton, on Monday. November 9, and two following days, at I precisely, all the elegant FURNITURE, of a sunerior quality, much having been puachased at the private sale of Queen Adelaide's effects; including a ha I table of auperb oriental alabaster. a pair of pistra dura cabinets in Florentine mosaic, a tRoliner cabi.ot with SUvres plaquer, noble glasae, bliue and sihver silk curtains, cbairs, couches, and fauteulla. four maunidicent equestrian and two pedestran figures in bronze d'oro (purchased at the Great Exhibition, 1i51). w, 3cioat cabinet and ecritoire of t4e fine old German marqueotris. anl auother of Italian argenti work, a. ra r of iarge red buhl table, a pedestal library table rorm White Knigbts, a valuable regulator, a gtaod French clo3k,wlth recumbent figures, and several other clocks. bronze lamps and luatres, Dre3den and jars and ornaments, four librarp bookcases and tabies, carpets, very cholce Florentine bronzea, marble busts,medals,two cabinet iarnoforte a violin, by Stainer, a very perfect wardrobe (Queen AdelLide's),Sand other nice furniture, for library, dining room, aud bed chambers, &c. : prints, by Woollett, water colour drawings, s0me pictures of nmuch inierest, particuIarly a portralit of Lady Jane Gray. by Liaem de Beere Death of Adonis. by Cortona, three fine works by Berti of Rome, a fewf Dstohlandssape &, a general library of standard hooks, and Dlustrated works, including Mackiln's Blble, Boydll'a 8hakapore, ISoewell'r Johnson (rich In illustratIons), Galleriea,toporrspblcal works vo. May be viewved 3briday and Naturday prier, and catalogues had o the premises: of Mi-. Thaicher. Krlg'r-oad, BrighstOns* and of M{enses Foster, 64, Pall-mail, who wiU on application forward cards3 for prlvate view on the Thursday previously. Order of Sale, at the Mart, This Day (Fridayl, commencing at 12 for 1 1-*/g R. DEBENHASM begs to announce that the toUw DE of _ ALE, at the Mart, T3IS DAY, wiU be as folloWS: 1. Limehousa.-A capital Freehold House, with old-established Blacwsmith's Shop; let to an excellent tenant, at :£2S per annum, 2. In one lot, almost without reserve.-A thorough!y safe Inyestment in wed-let Shop Property, at Hoxton, producing a net income of Lel6 per annum, situate in the midst of a good busi ness neighbourhood, within 20 minutees walk of the Bank, 3. In two lots-Two Freehold Houses, with pisste-glars frontedb hop within one. door of Fsrringdon-street, in the city of L3ondon; let to well-establshed tenants, at retts of ;£4 and LeS resDectively. 4. In Banaruptoy.-By order of the Assignees of Mr. W. 0. Young. A valuable Policy iu the Metropolitan, for the sum of £41,000, effected in 1S51. Annual premi\um redoced to £74 lb. lId. 5. Jn one lot.-For Absolute 8ale.-A compact Estato of Bour 1rehlold Houes. in good repicr, and well drained, situate near the ighstreet, Shoreelitb, and producIng a rent of gli per annum. 6. In one lot-C ompact and I mproving Investment, in smal well-let ness WVootisch ArsenaiEe. situate 7s A roundly built and conveniently arranged Residence, with large garden. pleaeantly situate, in Camden-place, Southampton-street, Camherwell, near the teckhamn-gate. Possession wiU be given. & In one lot.-By order of the AdAmnistratrix of the iate lTr. Thou. Evarj-A Fair of exceedingly woll-built Cuttage Residences, wlih good gardens, pleasantly situate, InShoppertonaltreet, NeW Nor-h. road, Printed Ptrtisulars of the various properties, with conditions Of sleI may be obtained at the Mart; and at Mr. Debenaem's oufices, 0 Obeapside. 2, Kendngton-park-terrae, L%adbroke-equare, Notting-hl.2-Megeut Modern Qousehold Furniture and Effecta.-Ahsoluleand peremptory Sale. MFR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, ILL on the Prsites on Wednesday, October 2S, at 12 o'cioek, all the superior FURtNIT UR, comprisEng mahogany four-po it and other bedsteads, goese feather beds, horse hair and other mattresses, clean bedding, and the usual c.hamber requisuIts Brussels and otber carpets mahorany winged wards-nIes,marble-to waste-stands. beokcase,rchl oanved oakchefferuier,and a drawing room suile in greAenItL. -htvelvet, chimney glaer. clocs, double-barrel g-an by Jarkron,guitar, hidn, glass, kitchen utensils, and nmuerons effcs May be vieweoctuia^telj oi Monday, 2iitb, by tioket, ob ainab1e at the efflicea, 2, oul,r yobilcly the day Prior and mornin ot sale, Qatalogueir on thes preml3e, ARRANGEMEZIT of SALE, by Mr. MARSH, of Abaloui fttisonr eoth ~enRU*; Tourlh Day' Sale, T5 DAY, October 23.-The remainder of the ~tnrsinlctna 1552 andmarle hll,theworks of art and virtu. and rones, he ervie-.ot hinaand,~ia.,nnd onl ad a Mr SofixthDay' idator, Mona nExt, Otber AU .-TIOahe libary; bopok. sie ethe Dank o Sgate id. n e usda br 9 ext, c.2 zrnla e hain.2 siters. ndren Abroom,winbing theoom,unty afCe-arig,bane. andomorking Ali Cri Dmin~ ae, Weiunegdabou next Oct.,Rnw 2&-Th mrdns ofEtisged Ninth Welch Sotos, Thuadand nexp Octoes,tgtr 20- ths greehoue valuans.. iey.ltadua smethroi eSetT CaaOrdesrpus folav to beotinsedt the mi ansonla be d obatne of Marshd oat ce. CharlFottie-sow MIarlsi-ow.hon,oe, ose Cinyo Londopt.-r,o irien freoesilad andCopert,c r Minig Coin-xe MIJR. MARSH has received instructions trom thLb .L.ofcAl lndtr t ELbUCTION, at the Mart, opposiete., o nln,o teteBnofnga,onThursday. November 19 ar, at 12 ocok ntrelt xednl au church-strevety vnelofble and exentire Lan sd imitOlnt poiimaiateB situate Lneadon,awih~I the contgin otye RofalCaardgan,thcocprsng tte Jovialrhiand leoatemalrkethsmines, cron taininmmabu th1,14uaref,an Gaste WlauchPstrett Lemadands Chops n buines,topter with allay tevweahpbermachnery, plasmntdandbild ingrerectedi tuerer Threopertley iel nad era leases tor 2tenare,o rhenhgewablepetbA for atheeoso I moderate Itermslty2 Orers for lever todaerate rhentales armiuntbe to in5 edrS Wilamn, Whnitorabe,E, tbhre' uonfca wbicuiator, be caclitRedanootnea, bendopn. aticulars tne cotndgtlneu oThae coesanre obta inoft 8ahe ten frtheotcal anicomningbatr-acter the pogredan vrs,Aery m:p withD rnCIty f Ladon.Mr~.be Trewehod ProPermty,sionpi.of the rehreie superio Housesand thnoorsPretlons, NofBale, obained ofI, Orsc. anen. ad pesetIn totrutee an caitaist nvartueande of 1,R. MARSH has received instructions to SELL b M byAUCTION, att the Mart, onpst The gay,kNv of ngand1, on fv lthusday.U Novem ber6,buat 1 o'clock INthree lot.Erceeditulo inaluables FsreeHOL PleRncoPRTY, comporigNne6, eirn,aned 91. Groace. rebrca-fromt oneb o18the mot hentodraltendun lpre-t soflin in thern itymo ALondn the contIgouit to mmt- ona the Royal Ersec h on n metual, and Uoleahr mare; anloL-dg, frotmehithine;r lhotongafr-eolZ Graeohnrh-eteeccommnds,chos an busnes p,rernteoalwoAyO Pen- the epiraton o teateritngleases. ThGr searyo ee h Rt.la n coMARdig hasractier, anAosesvryuctipon tau front teans and pACTIculart wthe Madrt,ionsutote of Eal, otanedo Mson Benb lbondmce. x-r, aleiter 1 SFn-ridse, LBWincl'.;o Cha. Le, at. soverr, 0, ldn-suaehol th Mat Land.a RA . MARSH has received intructionse to SELL b Ml b AUlCTION, at titse Mart, OPOn tehe sday, Nov.f faitd12 on fr lTs,eday, modemrnr btIkbuit12lnalomt DW LN.otSTluSbSe siuREEinOLi BamlLDIsret BLueD Aofbonrtd B urermondarey, htiatedi toebs prodct oers fRihomd,Marcth,e55 atter moderat Ygroaundwirento as per an- cent of £7e ipe anuti May bein ciewe, and paborte.Pcriclas,sithwith. codtons of sale,ma b obtaIned at the Natuote,s.Hacc and StAr.Wrharp oics2,Calotte-row, Mans ion-house. buutlghteComChioustermplace GReey'-nn-road.64 - ak-.d ESRSMRSH LEt aanrecived iasructionsedbytoSLL M CutoN, aakutc the Mart opost theTIaN. of tengad Pomies Throday,el Nov.6.at1, ou.an eligibluesLEaSEHOLD2 Ploatr 2or 1,-h LiEiASEbfthetia br`r-huiE3 dwelliing-thouee and houep.sateou andep peonroannm; hecld ape laase,ondryaon bedroms,a amo doerate gtround ret.b Ma C.Wy be viewedtUth e, and particularsihcniIns of sale, obtaneda the prmie,art of Mh prsMonrerrle, e,Sdmotoi tetpreet. Gray'sein road; 5and dath Mr. idamh'se offOces,a2, Charlotte-r,Maslonhe Ian Co.o MARSHfacturecie" ntutost ELb M E,LASP.rIO attieW Mart,AL arple dietdb theBako nld,n BUoLDrt LAN B&ut aby ou aBqErte ofUCTIO,eiout I the brenst as rof fichm-ond, earothae sye Yonr Tusayr, scoer iti a7 mcle andowa half,o the imal rabl Lnt andrsn Acltyf Eborne, Pnldgarticulrswithe conditions oo sale mayte obtained a thperMr and iovat,- bIr.Mrsh'r&e,, boilzes 2,llCharlonettet-row, MaaindhousCe, O l," ue hothgralatle,-lmeotiou Famboi esideande mudtacrgss odftParkpeut one mie feretomI theSorthed-aSaiong o adetheGraoterneRaiway M~tESSRS. I-LEWIS and WALL are directed by the iLCourt of Bankruptcy to SELL by AUOTIOki, on the premises, Blroomfield-house, Southgate, on Tuesday, ~obct.27, ant 1 forllowthe LEAE o th P EMiEtI cotaiingthre o dorawngpdaciousreaep stablig, &o May b viewd tillthe sle,tangsrthruer ofuaniaure o Plan andlslchtse:,a Sack f Ol saa,lFor Tns caaofguest had, Suga, Wggoo an Cate,andothe ieci ofandconenrate Moicitrs and Cocoa Manuacrureree,Colman ilESSR-S. PLW n ALare directed by thEL IioMfiidhoy AUTONtheate,o Tuesday octoe 27u- and follo9wng day ther vauable PLANTL InDCEN'EE, finclueding afouer-ho a maower,hrizotuati telmtengtine,cope and itrncvts,e bocailer, Hcganes, horsecrlers, contcsinst-ot,d cofo and mostc pltamilk, rualndiar nutmer OtiheorhvalubleoffLte.n aydbetviewd hand catalogue's hadEsof the perroesiin reeretooInsth pireceding e cadvetiemenut.be'meicofo gothaden, plegs"sue Fiuri3staste,u Pianouote, wlahgreeCin-buey ooand h houe ad ivostaU tGlases.and numleru beldffects, 90yeraa grond entSRS 19. I iE s andth mALL corpetedirdeteadb terl poYICesourta oe Bankupc To SeLLiwe by AUcktsON ouyPrnthed partmis cujrB,omdelhobe hd1 days prso- ton ttesdaye oflo 27_,a and foultoBloing days,Notheaexption-,t FURNI.tUGrE,vy' indngdrawing,sdining, and brealutiost eroom apendage, lIuburahsryenealt itig,thuniueo 12 be roos brw, IS and diyueSils and nertud ot-or SELfeel. My b vtis th da prcedng Friay sove, beand catlge had i on he remse; o hierrs.LawsnENPlews, fandsRoper,uolciors, stret-uIlIng; ad f esront.n Tporstand Wall er4,Poutry,e aNdL Clpamrod,1.Prsonra,Mi&hil h ossaeft uHw h evry-srosernt. -improFamily. Randcntain withe goundh-hor,e a cpialdiin ror t1bable, Gardwaen,close. ntiLrtfor w Ingroo,an er-LLIS NandItSON are d6i reclte to hihlSEL sLU etbye tAUCtI, at Genarramouytis, ton2 TMrday,Oc.2M , at. 12,1 vuaceantbuth aceptmatledofverue olousIlype made by privdatlechontract a verycesir. ablerFAVilY MadEs.-ilEN, finishA2 edrI annum. Tero ranedner,oaltarebinlthat seauti teuland fttratv locaigtyrm, atlghow croescen,cntiguToutoesoewdypriso of themotpesn ruralnitIts. Pinthe nearighburhomadbof londn.andpwiothinha lfnhursrd o f thesrs cityii andoAm andtwo-staltable, Thein whl hel forawy andut 0 semars,Eats aend atone 6 ers cc., 3d,trencuchtret 1 U ESE, .LI adaSON aedretdtsSL AI R&.!a CiTIO. atnGarraay.s one riay oebr6t1.t onewlo ret,FOU FnitEE moDer DWEIENCG-,Of adoeuiom eleaton with etncuced fron tseandcotioneat enrC e,o ntels 14rel, 1,1,and17 Albor-ldwn-soad, MakdsQhIl. Te hossaeftd I opmJihneverymo.ern,Imp hroement,nds contai ntegrudlnr a Mcaptal'inngroomad bay, ogonpand wauter-Closet;onwel fiwrstoor,tw lGentrrawingsreomn Aond the uper floors, si t be1habr, a s dbasusl lraeeoo,andSocit'r.-otctet,os. 14,15.and14. arueofeletP to ighlyye fromtathe Autionants,atoentsambourtl o,£2 pamerwel.andum. do. 17Is vuace;and abt theestimaedeau l£6 per annum Donds aA. sleasehold Tre-a siec, Ao.Lxandarro ilas,BemoIds-hill,Lett£4 erhanums Th R-s.ed ghUseLaETThold EL by seaaeUessfoCogTerms, atlo' eo Gadrrenis. T nonb-iwd bytpermisson ofthber,tenants,oProtad inthabvrodParticulars mar be had 10dasprort the sl;fMeauct ioneer, andGamraw y'licandrfrompJong DatnGarraway's; andiofoMessrs.eEisg soduont3, Lombrd-srehetr. t tC-iayatreents, Malghalnstw-sreet,beonuse.y A. MULLEBTT will SELL by AUCTION, at C.ffrawy'1onMndy.te 6t f coberlo, 15, 12.Va nel MeeteULLETT OLD lDWELLGHUE eyttUCTIOas aboe btrfailedeThomas's Cottagle, ndHOUEld b~ r ellana the. yerl 5ei ol78 9 £161 I. art.ik-reEam emt,Clheacinr,ClHarbour-lane,amewelT- Camdoren, and Albino-plahace. ye pf puoark-gsquare; aetGerel, 's and omo fredeom JowinhDrovnes 1,d cuthry aKinas-cour, Lombamito-bomet.wth Pa yaftte's-road,eLaneone-playremas~ouhCaneachei houewbyronaet ar.angeLent Temt rn iou 4serl a SELL oubyAUCtION Pat tYJ.uGarr ataway's; onfonAyr ober26 ol0ito, a 12, ahreting-oLt.,st fromnbytet n the auuctioneer,Coldharbou.anuCabrlaul, Cand ye-rack Ring d-court, Lombardteet arrhlduitwur', ContonagIe Pithnof octobeHr,pt1, iilncetwo lots, ingate, ihyat Grents amounings to MIcar, are. nd beingze, I and~iS InathePaboel road. 2 P-artiuars mayo beffcha emvd from th Nutoner,h 1/EPSSRS BULLOCK will SELL, at their greaLt M Rooms 211, lIligh Holborn. To-morrow, genuine HEOUSEHLOLD FURNITURE, inoludingwaLlnut and rosewoDd drawing-ro.sn centre ocasina-l, anhd Efancytbls, davienporabt,hanipa.istfas, an feas scarce Books, and Piccolo Piano, byStodart and Son, of Gsiideneqnare. MAESSSRS. BULLOCK, bY desire of the Rev. Pro- £71.lrletor-, removing, will SELX4 on the proiensis, 2, Warwirk-gar. dens, on Tuesday next, Itse 27th inch, aLt 12 for 1, the HO1USEHOLD EFFECTS, Iron bedstesds, bedding, and appscrte'-aesa of sevea elepla aprtmnts smlt et 1 eIdig inner tabies a 69-octare picclo tanoinrsewod, eveal gnuie peces of Ejizobethan fur- cared at- a ew :d rins,gas lamps, and the usuial dometicrequsits. ay- e vewedthedayprIor. Catalogutes a; id. eachmaythenha ad o lb pseice, an atthe offices or the sue- ThisEvenng,at 6-Prnre, (ilt ram s,Crome do.,e Easel, asir. IAESoRi. JONES and BONBAM Il beLg toHcal _plEVEING atnion to heir greateGallery,ea Irsqantitsofou v(In- TION ROOMS as beIng test dapted for the disposal of every class of property intended forsae These room-, founded In the year 1793 have, wit hoot interraliolo, been the chaunel for the sale of all kinds; of marketable propety. Commencing punstzrallya 6 o'elock, three eveing pe wek; ia,on dnsdas, or miselnous property of ever kin; e Thusdas, huseold urntureexcusivly;on Fri- genraly. . ad , bg t atert tat romthecenenence of room' Thisi Evening (Friday), October 23d, at 6.-Househoid Furniture and Miscellaneous Effects. M SR.W. and F. C. BONHAMY will SELL by I~AU TIN,atthlrlageRoms 1, arleon-sret,Reen's quadrants THS EVENING at, FIJRNITIJIR; consistin of I5 Valuable Stock in Trade of an IOr ovmOpr.-lOT, Jermyn-atreet, Bt. CHINNOCK and GALSWORTE[Y wil SELL b AUO2TION nthe Premissl neng" October 8, t j ihscgeresalSTsac.)IKoAFUDRNIaEaGHoNM NGZ11compr,,in =er sealiettlea, istew, stock brazig, oaraascls and presrving h. smttm. rgWW,bot.alri sad ;dipc stovs modern japannj cbamber servioer ohower lpoer bip, and sponging bathe, washing basns nd oo-pas, agannd ati satar cifiteatraysand wAiters iro laketls,oilss sacean, mewar, ralhods and scutles, ana{ Eeneral Surinarof eirsils, ptent trsinwoish Divers, 9hview cAbos sau pas from theangx aPoyenchdcnicIstits, dee an sasd fores ojelyatnd wpudolugmouerdvatable Onile Paudtoks, ais,d moray,, an thfecfttig upi of he rawe, s helvs dOO Mab1eOldeBneltrietda p. Thursday caTaoURes hncadong dheprmies and ofain the aaeittese irry 2, eet-d chtreet Watppeudag re. a esed.bdin,&. h xewv wl-ade mofittingos60d, of anismOCurOusn consis~ting ofitiars roomra Seriestof writingtasbles tanspadent Dcisisol Virewa &ain:. vaubelbrrfwluale-Oiludmoe In ooIutio 30 vadanted e j1fl and ornmntlIemz avrlKre fl artsti transparenta o ra,agraU t oNs, atr the Roomsal PoldteBonic-stret,ton Tursmayl Boctobr2h t1,avrey0 exeIn moer HOU etoLDer AboutUE 60noz.ofdine diinng, oonddring Frtoldiomtsuies, l Ibrr ahnd chamberappretsndagsome Arsianbes rtead, eddng Co.. thel expensive fiierdfrmtheiongs of a gentlerano Copn, E oonllstiMay oe hoawed room rom and pedetalowiigutbes hando dhe sks, oseir, cRpegt-s, dot.; Odetel-doUd mode boo 30 oecockf thinvlu on iaUO, TIgeaO0, for the ROyahi RotpenrinhtIn,tiuton Satuemail butcoboer coll2bydiection of caie kn ythe followes,ing eamaterlos.- TWOt OPEO stad-s Mb ILAien quls fretehl,beir D.Tee2 anounhebone ron,St Bahrake? tnboeg Pov. d,elihfull siuatel a L.or diFaiefomVInb wan St emen eain it mi gabout; 60 dtheo fione windesr, compbriing Poriodein bttlnes . aphereleg, by gttl Clres aWne soteps ecurious trtignfou be ronsanm,O, twgoo ber derylverednfrom the oeirs of gntlma no. en innPll- aul. Mayaeyewe atiteweoom and patcatalors haWd ot the autJoneers, 28,or Reget-sree 'andayleSocr, Haiousehold Furnivare.-Rvn, rndhon.-ato teOdSeht. detac rihedoV;laniesdenof Ms,2 h and 3soone Vills,ofrthe value tof er0 aer lanum aeach. 2,Rvn tet selop odn VlHIN~NOCK and GALSWORTHY wl ELb %/AUCTION, at ate Ol) hiT oelarghr,tnStudy Otoerant1, at 62 byr direcio of thb otae nsprt os TWOe nna eOPYHLD sMi-eaybed Is,eult reod en situatel, a shorto dietan fromqthesea,o eteeaIn ll mi Rgarens inethe fatrlontadra,adhvnoidnrne.apoce bylihtsofd stoned Rotese;ec otiigfu e om, twou godar len1 brmeakfatstroom kttain vle d.N.2 a luet at the viewe, ndbprtcuarsotied o ess JameRTR Taylor B asLn, anaylOr,IOllcatrs 15, ofjnvl.in odn tteOdSi tioees an lad gens, 8,egaft,o sTreet,daterNov-o. Londton. we Twe , tearhl ktouo.ee,OleDiREtTS, proeotns g £32 p 9rpennum, nCIHINNg fom andoto GASWuduon whic wall SreLL~ byne Inan ecelevat itotn orltig and noc om odtion sthae occdpationg Nos.go Blton, sonlici,rtnors,tNrthamptondsquae atd of iuthe, aMctIon,teers, 2 11 H'&ousds siut tHaveretookbklljlelu of the estimated value of £350 C¶nnu ndtoCn 13and forALyesWfomT whrs llas SELL. bytca mayUCotaiOne at the MArt ity, onr ctuedy, Nov 10, atoen', wet-- sueued' o FEHfOLD reokND11 REf NTS Mramontn lrq,olto£9pr, aondnumt,earsin from anplo of grou hnd uon which ace ewreh.act-i oneers afned sreleatons ad, egood ateom,odateen,Dsituate adbin . Two 16mpancl prive,atnetrae n 1tte inclusIvte, -ledbsscy-Pddn aonnum andileto sluns. feb,gB,tr 99 yearsfo Creussf82.Proiulr Qen'e/ rUTOadb daretctionk-, of Win. Murrtay.e a tReq sTlicitor,LonuedOn-eNoemeert0,city'and2o TeWOs Cenomk and Gaeowoblhlt H notleneet 3andsreos u, WeRtbegendtclre t, Wtherloo,-pdla posiee.t Twourcompactpivate Theynese i3ctbuneratm. Hn'atrow.,wei, PaddIng- ton;e at5 Nnua vawlu£3 beah grdwthpsmti,Gound ru£6t,temu99 years.fo Mart(N oCfb directionelo, The ortgaoe, atnd h Groort olcityr, on Rusaymo Novemberg0, Gay's12.n;TWO comfc Aeil-bu CiltDoUkS and t,s wory, u .roee ad, clondeAtonth,eentarowroad, Wotpoot Wst boameptoarwkVllaT Thyreet 7eahodem ecr)atlon, with Gottic roof, ad otai excllet acommdatoundfoseai failes N inlt t£3,NNo. wilTbesol witpsesInGoun SEntL£ lby ea_h term 9 eanrm 61,Pclol mAybhe obctaioned atrI Motty ciity ofTeusesdal,yhm.o, n GRoom.solitcitosd3 VILLy&nd uldis Gry'-nn ,ndo Msitu.tChinnk and hghoalswth,aus ines n a aagents, 28, Regnt-steetivtrlown ple.w tond faboouwl,twovr eial Frehould KvillaResideinces plta. slublngaandPlepernrouns, litrvo. btee h FTbHIesOan and aASOdH wlgtlySL byaena AUCewtION byera orderrof wt the tdorigage os, attheAuctio Matrt,o rolpty,onrouesd ay.dNovmber 0 W veraluablelFREEHOed domscptalisdo VIlLe RMeSIeNCE ato-hue Hampdtobln-wg, sitatnes rom ndtehg cotbal from Thienhousean a aele honfseto distanc freemientanbrlegenat,krosn asmoemot Hous aeA0 and Tudu Tor Hote iuatei athr own pleasurem witundaans abou ano oreeach, ond mayhealbthfldcnel oll inea3 ploeasingad opn situOation, worithrseva ield Rinte Amsyrvdninobetwen th sthaest andtheMgrouns.the ahonoMessprese hnntakhiahl oramenotal auctpnearance, beingrgespetivel in. thetsre,aelop Jinortn' tte an Cope ItlIates and.K Ellzae-he st-es thecotainsurerior aon moudayveingasfail rect. ennat ben O'lck h pTietyL&M with inenlompor,wihtesaoadofutheger of a Delegsantkin,do ofe rteepsionnrooms,ehandpome , yoneeyvaunty, afltyed Barooms, cypitvldtmestiofee, coateh-houises asle. rtablnr hyardnessoomy Luand ot.hoitldingl.the; Granad arel letnile aftert Haringhlyeepcatbiestenantplatro; monttHoue atet£109fper annum;. b ThUorpsHtome t £9 PlatriicO, wth plns are noultre,ady,an Rmbaybe obtPhipned dthosteelClade, Sernedn and Ca rietio, eolrlteorsItoRng'sDo,th crms-yrd Molrate- o sfteret at)thneMbart,cIy and ofvi, MesssteCelc pae Uend andrwlbrtb acifszounor anderlWndtagalter,2h, Regpentret Wlater loo-place.o Ol b I mpralteol and nueopsoter seP lates,.adafneoneaoingecto M jR. L. A. LEWVIS willS SLL at hisi Hou-se, 125, ,ItJ.leet-stree,t, on Tuenday reveing, Oct. , at 6. D'cLIOAThE STneE PXALATGS, wt vizpreoon oat the raqet,o Dersat king,y afteR pairte.adsbieWer, engraved byRoireson,Foh an 6. LuendReeiyr. tbre the steelnplather Coronatirs'Isl pafter bhLardn,by LRcA., te grteelb platen; Gran Odaist,enice, atheFrHarding boyl uinaitedb teerP pLatedsotaer.A Prigty,fer WbstCuder,b Phllps theur gfrem plateiugpainte take Sin Adultery,Afte Renbranedt by Phuillis, tho steelg,painted Stem andthe rinete,afte Newon, y Do, teoppePr plter PC t of S Da-casOEgrvigs BEfRLALE SwlELL,atteaet hi,rdous, 125,Kod tine NGRAVINGS, va z I -8Wtro aqe,a plyHue dresesamn atels, eronainpinebyLli,H,egrvdb by 00iE Goladeer,Ra,, Silvrvd byat osins 15eey Shoing,% ipaite MjESSRS. DEBEBNHAMV, STORI?, andi SOX wil LVI SLL, at their Rosoms, King-etreet, Covent-gardeu n, TuIs day thesy) a7t 12s, APARL, p1a goods G inen, bCeds, beding,auablex lvrungand hpiztons.andeffcts.pne a;cok n il l,rwiee Appi arel.Pe,frs Good, Furnture Gola, rie gl gs and a AfewGun t otherns;, rifle,nb Beatt ies, fudrnitur,lsres velvet, satin, and silkte On view. R. THORPS hEENAM receive antucindt SONLwLlb AUCY.E.SELL,attheir room,alretee, Covgalent gardn, lLon Tuesdas, blever,and of rinnembercapein tw; loctsan dinUR brickrbwalt ess spoons,elaudles,frkes,for,3platedgoomDs, cemne glur, and7 aAlbrtu chains diamond. ac rhsou is,.aNds broces ad 6 ,ressleit oto andhl respects. 'daybe iewd. bariua receind onintutions o to SL byhd fF ON,t,Eq. 4 mihalsre at Garraway's, hag-alyaCmdhattheonTuatas, oDeIS'COH bpeigNr, 62.65y-sare6, aeendt66sa,park tugsvt enl Ton Nurelymenundelas fothr93yearsg anm DRoembord 67 tago reto 6 . ahHOuse w oe, 65L and, AUTO, aeoettohihltrset abe enania inceaenrestaly,avrg £30ob pera 2 ibu anum reeahors-, MrEn ayrbe viewed,Prtifcul lia,arsancnitios,o sale othrbo bephantosF CarrtaloReq. 2ay4. asi n thad-premiet; at'G thes andfoat h rau ction odm-icee,6,apnd At beany-troee,regn's-park.2, pe Alay-ieit & To Funaerym P.ern B and others.-Relntn n eior ucrls i ford-read,claphF-iseno MIR. . HRE will SELL by AUCTION, anth J,VtjPRcm oms, on WeHdn ro o Tesday, October 27t 2 ito atay es1v tewoeothfTCthe heabNSo aPINIGOve wILEks N DMruREprIEds, osm priciong aflarge number gfcaslils o, onaralswo ad lOther, ach oimpats. hamrie;and atthe uneionoracs,offches, 2, Uper rylAlbaony-sress, Re Toe Prnesbrnes Brokrs,aiond wtheprintemed frodme8sLowter Thmoeret, forU Conveieneoae M .SRS. KEYSELL nd O will SELL byACIO,t Thnrstae.ROcomes2, 13.Hig for 1, onTedyPcoe 7 t1. utntlbrcbltROS, twntaininsgofitvefrom eigwaht-line to nonitharnl,wodt vlvette,ancyfouths, preot, ti ge,ud boards Plo.oftaloguesabera, with prntdspcmens oath typo, my be hal of Mr Hg undelr, t, Ludgae-olty os-to mall Cplta few orso s, Ca Slo, .rean lagePloNo GOuNd asintruthedrea,ywthimedlAssiv Midehof Paloraiepno Maytresben vraied.angbymdemparclrsthad athetheg nwa, lt tyof wehic:the Ls gua Lartee alt-tne; prlatherMat o esrs. Gra,Arsrog aOBnd L'sunee x olcto StAplE-winn;tarko Mege.Bllyandt SRomn,2, ood3d-street,ct.oiT3rdy o. a n I Brcil,andkWImntcylud.e owcmean.systhet,unfod-sreent.o rit an thGera : O-SNi ntuce yteAsp Lii nes.SEI, BronktePrmss Haynsabv,o TMsndaygnex,h Octoer,at 2,tg lUS. OvrU REA andewsFECT corrisu l nls voi. ofDoo,a Flebbu ryn repsitryaflatig mill,adawe nh wokbeacne tol, n othelliloncrlorie a Vpckerig t h bsnsofawrigleir,May be viewed t ho days prior, andcalousbd An Assemblage of high-class Ancient and Modern Pictures: the moderm works guaranteed, MR. BARNS will SELL by AUCTION, at his iLl large Rooms, THIS DAY,October 3, at 12, an ASSE9iSLAGE of capital PICTURES of the various schools; including the Roly Family, A. del Sar*o: a charming pair of productionsby Andrews; Land' ecapoe and Cattle, Berghem; and others by and after F, iMusin C. Dolci Vauden Daele Wattean Hobbe Wouvermang Van Br te Canaletto, On view, Catalogue3 seq above. N.B. Money advanced on honsehold furnltone, Pi Atures, vine, k. intended for sale. Out-door sasles effected at 5 per -et. clear of all expenses. No. 87, Qoadrant, Regeut-street.-Cholno Colloction of ItalSan, Flenish, Dutch, and English Pictures, without resrve, too ver advances. MR GARCIA will SELL by AUOTION, on the Premisfes.as above, THIS DAY (Friday), Ont. 2S, at d,a veryfine asemblage of high-class PICTUIRgS, chiefly cabinet sine, embracing among others, som fine examples by tho following masters and theic puptils. Luini G.Douw A- Vandervcldt Curp Msuriuirn Toolers Muller Wouvermans P. Neefs Hobbima htetzu Pritchard, Ac. On view. Catalogues of Mr. Garcia as above. City.-Under an Exeeoulon.-Elcgntg and well-made Housebold Fur- niture, in excellent preserration, and including a brilliant-toned 61octave Cottage Pianoforte in a choloe walnut cass, with metaeiloplate, a oDatly walnut-wood Drawlng-room Suite, large Ohimney and Console Glasses, elegant Ilaiad Cabinete, richly carved oak Library Bookecae and Table, few Bronzes, valuable Proof Print., Chtna Seriones, and Effects of two houses, removed from Hyde-parki gardens and Tottenham. z ; IZOD begs to announoo ho will SELL by MZ AUCTION, ti the Rooms, 69. Oueen-treet, two doors from New Cannon-street, city, THIS DAY (Friday). Ootober 23, at 12 o'doos punctuauy an asemblage of elegnt FURITURE and EFmOTS. suited to tie nobility, gentry, and families faenihing in the proesnt style, oomprising for the dining rooms and iibrary, sets of noblo suffed-back and other chars lounges and indulging chairs, coTered in moroco3, superb telscopoe dining tables, rich cwved-back sideboa Silted with Dlate-glarw, oak table, and bookoae i the EaLiabethan style, &c. , two costly walnut drawing.room sutes, with handsomo carved tables to matcb, window curtains with bra pole, oommodes ftted with plate-glas and marble- t aitd cabinets and tables, two brilliant tonedpianos by Collard nd Cllrd uan Eotitr, and nlumesuns dirawing-room eleganoles;: bedt chamber appolntmenb inclucde Araian bedcea anda dask hangings noble wlngesl and plain wr sobse, chet of draer, Bn_ehs ce S'psse snS , *s, kitcSoen iand onRor tm a coil on assg rdZt e t cpin' Chimsney, 1 'er, and Console GlIe..GirsadolK .g5< an oA mental Table%,St I,Braets,ek-4.k 11 ~C- ciey 0brilliant PL&TE GLASS5 o vard crlers of ,large dlmeodone, Introduoed Into handsoosy trysWed and USW frasex, msit&blo low the drawing room, lib,,e14 filngro , nS bodi;handsdomse Ornamnenta[ and o5swoIe tnblu,gysscs. eisse,cbinets, Obsyal and toilet gas,IgCeI nau o obet outlty and deeoracirc. b~ne weeJa tedin sodn Wmal, ndOat5gues bad Lt MAf Philip. as Above, tiandionse urdern RttrListttre, Suitt" of Sli. *an otb tg Crkall,- Gia,ses, CArpetd, Pian1ofortes, Cabineta, Brenzeit, and DecomtIve' Objects. 74B. PHILLIPS begs to announce that he will B LIe jy. by TUCrION,.at his Great Rooms&,New Bond-steet, onWed-~ oeeda 4th Novesmber. at I prtcisely, the excellent modern FUBNITURt coprilaga suite of drawIng-rom evetaing, for three blofp windows, in cricssou and gold sllk. withL chairs aofas, and settees, deelgised in walnut-wo d anud covered to correspond, Spns maiow dining-room furnitnre,alocuding a noble addeboard,with plate-gas bdrk, extending dininig tables, 20 stuffed back and eas chains, dnuorwaggons. As.. an elegant boudoir suite, oovered in green end white "a; the fittiongs of cb. l1brary In oak covered in green moroco.o eompeAn ofschairs, bookakees, pedestai and otlher tables, chimney, pir, san coelglaeaee. boule marqueterie,cakbiaet suad tables, clocks, naserl..- labraa. marbe and urosze figures; the apeudages of several chamberx, Mr.resa 're carLLPeS, cins, glatsadetfecto S,ELL by OterInOd.surgyut.Bnemosthe.Nomberod,un te elegant.do inthmeatstis, by pritest negotiation, theimproTed LEA.-sE ofa, genteel RltrIDlI~f-'gNCeplt ihecyolr o h opny a6 sinall famsiy. It is siteupatee cvniittheevearsytaimde oof lCrutmebeorlamnpdantoreeo witbin a rew doors or the Fqnare, in oomplete decortive and substsn. tiai repair, having two drawetng rooms and dinig room of good Dropos. tise. ittd wth lat-glss indws,a godentranre ball, six prin- cipaLendercod gs eabes, and goo edmentsoise h lgn and expensive arniture, eindi odtse in wanth and cpriesom sil, vkindiin r.,tob, a 8pns mttn cabrape4g ori rilb old as rDd abotveg The houe mrayibg viwed b3uerbe thek boomnaf and ta ', Plreach tckrtais.ol tonbehad, Elizabethan lpe'r wan t-tre hiri' I.ge gCa csil, Cestleudrdngemt ofge Sable.3 a,ils ofhme, ARItn 'EmEniuT o he diAing atomTtmbrld,s Casx Tunblol,ga. Kient, at ifrd 1 eachW drawly apt,cis On MuesdaY tpxt, 0ctober 20.-The lurolture of three upper and oibre best hedI rolnus,andr sittn room curoes Idraawpinue roomsiucer Wsil sLdam richd t'rea breno,h cirtains, couchen , ThaettanA inlaid wU alnt-ree char.. lrg, cpasse af spuitlyendriderl wned borbte acheque, worcke dof.at, pro-e carioottom.ahedns,ing room-chMains, texien as oa altables, awosiob ed,r~vg,a capItal Brsels arts, chintua, gLdss, an litchen rweq.ts.. On Tuesdnwaynxt October 27.-The FoUeniture of threen uPprainsi teie,An rihl eteetnbroldere, ditto Abhedhagns oohoed drnaic proom illk aaelo ceritairs pi ofe-101 plautsll embroi gderedts wrorne nuedleworkvvte do.,aIratie-i fo.rs otnrvtomans and travlnuchm, motrbneCesl Ecbrething uterairs. and Lssuis et .cabnek of ld; two to s. yadsod OnvWedntesdy Octtob per8.-Theg Coallectio of paleaigPlti manyby stense mater, hghl fiishd loued, iLdrcawin,loraw had, at 6cl tacb, on the prn mises ; at Parker's Hontel, 'unbcidge;- a&I at Messrs Rubies's ottices, Iiazza, Covent-garden, W.O., who willt for.. ward tanme on receipt of seven postage stamps hA S~R. R BIN ar intm-actd to SELL b-c .LTJ AUCION t teir ooms in ovet-garden, on Tuesday,, toemer natn1tfed vbiew Wof the , severand yearsin bFtl,enrin codiio,StRonP RSOy reomed d t the co t nnoisu ncudngcei biso rharte . tywil oss, shippedbyMArUTInez ahingson Qacele, Harsh , Kspt..Brmte-parer, andghRoche Tigosmow oberbn o pale anfor, so'ldckSh erryo dhihcarater smaEHLD acl ofMsDElra, Cialar-et, sart ling Muscke. etatrdo the Nowu, tandiew drghozns ofvaerlokig th sb. and liqueursw. Samle,i gardehI aotaltous mayc bhe hsad,one wee oom-r mnigeclterut: viewsa of the saie-arae tea and ChainPi1r, ItouriiepSR.PitauaiRSOy aprmndtSON bid eg tor totncoadtee good that rhey wall SterLb publodaicn AUcowrry fat thei oustateSal lroatrom.t, Mrine-pAradiine,s5rtmex. Ito-offrsaprow, nctobecri2, ty2oIt thele back letase fon 4yasfo the Ne, cene Brighton, oerlook7,ing the subsptionso sleaownessaden1 inysfriont towhc therae. in acess aond con-. mandigxcietvns of the autoers Mrarte-parade, Brztoena n hanPe, It onto yaun sp siou gtaud aryaprtente e Id entranendsoiras lrituratlos, A anc m atOcupt itoff era permaonen secrityat low grsounds. st fc 4yasfom a re2tlt of ; Seytstr,ls,t .e rent £8 pT r anu.MyBELvewd ab d AL70TIOul,r andthout Du e,tere. solicitrs, 3. l Coefelehou-ster. Cag-allshs,~ey, Londrl Ott and of the astcsisnser,,sMarinentarader Brighton Hollowa and elustosaThree Ssira1t , e Wa-elhgom, Leetehlo grouds.estisord toprouce ret -lofa30d,h -ig-rs.Te proprtyis ecenly uil an wel-fiishd. lay be viewed any da, prie tothes.se. ondtIos t behadof r. T. A. Tibbits, Filo.- cout, rays-nn;Mesrs.Pateren d ou man 8 Old Broad. stret atGarawy'; ad t ne ucionotlce Saney-plac, Pad.- (-'ataelias, Az%las ana other tsnsfomGe, M .JC.STEVENS will SELLbAUyIq' thi Ge-at mtom. 18, King-street, Corcnt-gre,o rdy October Itt, at 1 precisely, a CONSIGNMENT o LNS rm Ghent, Including amellias of the best sorts,welstihhco. azaleas, rhoio-dendrons, standasrd hays and la,stnr dura rs ellis. peonies, dwarf roses, gladioli, bit-ems a6nd othebieanplts May b viewed on them rigo ae n cataloush d in Banbkroy . uelsHushl antis a ,Bdr-lc ESSUS. DAVIS an OHNSTONE apro itie,A3structed bY lbs Aesinnees ofMes. Witln and King, to SXL by AuCrION, at the Red Lion TAvern, Upper Klng.etreet, Bllooms. bury-square, two mninutes' WaIK from the hoss.e iasrain being,. by the lease. prohblltedl on the premises), on Wednesday, O0tober '21, at Ii for 12, the whole oftire excelent HOUSEEHOLD FURNIT GRP, oomprising tbree mahojgany Arabian and various oteier bedsteads, prime seaEoned beds ustd bedding, mahogany irarble-top basin clands, dress. ing tables and glasees, wingrd and other wardrobes, and thie othex chamuber requisites; a well made mahogany dining room salle, in, eluding a large pedesta siseboard, eat of dining tables and stairs Brosseis and other oarpetiog; comrplete walnut daigro nt, including a 60-octAve cabinet pIaoforte, br1iiant plate c_himuep.0j_ glasses, china and ornaments, S. few choice engmavings and rotnmerougother effects. May be vieted on the premises two days preceding male. and sold by sample as ab)Tre. Catalogues may be obtained on the pme. maists: at the place of Bale; of P. Johnson, Req., official assigneer, 20, Basingball-earser: of W. StPoph.- Eq., solicitor, A2 Cheapsisie, anid orthe auctione-ers,68, flack-lans . KC Mllltsr Gre t Cas, Blankets, F'ur Cae ern Aprl he Towels. 3001blblBerlin Wool, Salvage. f,tant l~S-t rs~epLIc iN, and i HARDING wil EL b T URTIN , at teI Rooms, 16, St. Paul's cbucbyl SEL by.,O Wednres.ap, October 28. at1 Ipunctually, 1,60 tILIT&R, GRtEAT COATS, t,OI0 wLiwe ntI brown. blankets, 1liel fur caps, 245 pairs, cotton and linen sheets, 95 dozenttatwels, wearing apparel, '80 It. Berlin wools, fancy goods, salvage cloaks, maintis., &C. May be viewed the day preceding and morning of sae, and cataloguea had at the, rooms. Bl*lckw&lL,-To Shlpbuildera, Timab~er and Iro Dealers, B-uilsers and- DULLEN and SON will SELL by AUCTION, orn I. the Preminis. Orchard-streeti, BlankwalL. on Thursday. Oc".28 at 12, In lots. hy order of ttoe Directors of the Thames Iron Works nud Ship Baluding Company htdmited), the LOOSE FIT21INGS of TWO iSLIPS, and a quentity of surplus Timber anad Material, comprising severoal ticts of Memel and other timber, 400 singe deals. 103 kee blocks, oak tops, stale standards, 180 fathoms oak, tear, and fir slab&. quartering and useful wood, teat and fi, planks, erectioni of sheds sand workshops withs pautilele roofs, about 6.OOe loose pantiles, two wrought-. icon steam boilers, two timber steaming klne with iron pans S5ft. long, tWO iron tasks, a powrerful wharf crane to carry 20 tot,s, a der-' rick and chain, double purchase crab, Gryl'is patent windlass, 30,000 stock brlalrs. and other useful materials. May be viewed the day previous. Catalogues had of Pollen and ISMn SO, Forestroee, CripnIegate. Modern Furniture, Including a Dining R-oom Suite In oalr. walnut Cabtnets. 61 C-ttue sPianoforte in walnut case. Mantel Clock, Books, Chi., Gasrlilers. Hior,e. llaroess. end Effect,r. MR. ROBERT REIID will SELL, at his Rooms, JJ.Great ltfariborostgbs-street, on Monday, October21, at 10forll1 modern FURN ITURiE, comprising a dining room suite of uses stains dining tabls aud Badasboard In oak, walnust and rceewood bloD andoi oa tables, occasional sond fancy ditto, converstionconuch, sets of chairos &nd easy ditto, sere of msbogauy extending frame dining tables, chimntey and pier glasfse,. Bru,sein and other carpets, fenders and irons, mabogany and Japanmed four-post, French. and Arabian bedsteads, excellent bedding, wardrobes, chests of drawers, waashtands with marble tops. dres,ing tables to match, be-d romapp~es, g&secondry chamber turiture.kitchben rettulaites, and effectsMay U e v iewed on Saturday. and c-Atalocses had. W eIn Bankruptcy.-To 1Printers and Pmtr'Boes LEWIS and SON (printers' Sppraiscrs and "U auloer) will SELL ho AUCTION, on the Premises Ivylane, Paterno.ster-row, on Wednesday, Oct. 28. at 11 for 12 praieslyei, bp order of the Assignees of Meyer. W. J. and J. Seas, bankrupts, the C-ONTENTS of their PRIINTING-OFFrICE; comrprisig about night ton o tps,frm i-lnetopeal,wih fams,racks, chases, Imp=nto Laaogdrnf es. wt rne specimens of the Autionma--y b enrthe 111TCHLER. FIRST,-Freehold Cottage Residence, at Sutton, Secondly.-Valuable Freehold Premises Nos. 32 and 32 A, NIclholas. lane, Lombard-street, perest-hill. Sydesham.-Superlor Houseohld Furniture, 61-octave Piccolo Flanoforte, Gulta. with patent bead scrw. rosewood 1bhtfo. nrier,with plate-gless back and doors, Lady'sGold WatcliPlate,Linen. China, Glass, and Effects. 74ESS.98. SHIALLESS and SMlITH have beeni il favoured witli instructionrs from the Tmrupisior. who is leaving the neighbotuhco:1. to S -LLbeb AUCTION, On the Premises, No. 6, Emerson-ter raeForest-hll. near the Railway Station, on. 5'snesday, October 27, at 12 for I, , el the modern HOUSEHIOLD FUR-NITURF- comprising Arabian, sirecian, French, and othier bedsteads, DaIn-9eve. mattresses, clean beddinLgrand linen mahogany, birch. and other cebstse of drawers marble-top wooibstands and table. with fittinrge, cedaimer. and toilet glasses. rosewood, eo l hbrary aLnd otbes tables, drawing andi librarychairs, easy ditto, rettecs, damas~c curtains and poles, Brussels and other carpets, wool mats, fender uan4 fine-ironis, china, and glas, and the usual kitcheni renusslstes. Mfay be viewed the day precedbing and mnornting of sale. Catalogues bed Oat the premalsw - and of Kamme Shallees, anti Smith, auctIoneers,Manohester Fire Olc7e, 9, Lonrdon. street, Greenwich. To Silkuercerm,Ltnendrape Hogiers,lHaberdashers, iSo. 1IfR. WALTER. BURTO~N Will SELL bY AUC- LtLTION. at his Room. 3. Broadway, Lodgate-laill. on Thurwsdy, October 25, 1at Ii1 precisely, the STOCK of a SILKPdERCER, linendraper, Ac. On view on Wednseday, from 10 till 4, when cetalcgnor may bie had at the room- or bypoet on application, Rumlen*Brove, Vsaum-road, Bttn ESSRS. C. and H. WHITE will SELL by AUC- [9 TION, at tho Rursel Hotel. Brixte-road on Thursday, S, 29, at 12 for I o'clock ptec!%elr. SIX substantiall'y brick-built sIx and seven roomed DViELLING hOUSES, ituate and beningNon. ,6i,10, 21, 22, and 23. Russell.grove Vassall-road, Blixton-road, let to re. spectable tenanuts. held on lease for a term of0i3 years, producig l rental ot £14 per anatum, at a groand rent ot £3015s. If not cold in one lot wll bs put up sep%rately, at a ground rent of £4 each house. May be viewed by permis -ion of tenants. PartIculars had of W. P. Scott, Esq., solicitor, 88, Linocbi'sinn; James Grey, Eeq., 73, Waler' b-road, Lambeth; at the Ruse"ll Hotel clope to the property; andl of tte auctioneers, 150, PrinPrsroad, Lambeth, S. Pianofortes by Broadwood, Collard. Btoddart. Broadbridge, As, Harpe- by Erard Harmonioam by Alexander. r4 R. SCOTCHEkE will SBLL by AUCTION, at £YJ the Sale IRoom 29 Lesdenbail-street, city, on Wednesday, October 28. at I for ~, b;ore of the Trustees of e mesicelier, up-. wards of 25 new and aoeond-hand PIANOFoRTES, by the rmost eminent London makers. May be viewed the day prior and morning of sale. Oatalogues had at the rooms; orot the auctioneer, 70, Mortl, rmer-street, Cavendish sqatre. Excelent Modemr Furniture, a semi e Pianotorte by Collard, nearly new, soveral others, Sevrns and ndi Chla Vases, beant ful Fre eh Decoratie Objeces, and numerosusuful Effects. ESSUB. OXENHAM will SELL by AUCTION, LE at their Rooms, No. 383 Oxford-etreet, near the Panthesm THS DAY, at 11 for 12 punctually, the exoeUent modern F . NITU , In capital oondition, oomprising India crmenen silks, curtaIns for tbree wvindow, a roeewood drawineg room suite sovered to correspond, several valnut-tiee ditto, loo, cnrd, oooaslonal- and tan. tables, a beautiful 61-octave tomi-cottage Pianoforte by Colarl aoZf ollasd, in a wiluxit-tree ease, several othem by eminent makers, chimney and pier glse, mahoga-r dianig room and libry ohairs. cOOUGeb and easy chairs covered inmorosoC and hair cloth, pedeta aund ncclosed Sdeboards, bookcases sets of dining tabi, Serrds anc Orentayh china, vases, French eleeke and deoestie objects ot a high olas ko. ArabIan, four-pont, and otiser bedsteads and haningslith the ap pDroppiatobedding,wiged andother wrdrobes, drawer, wahteauds, dssng tables A., china, glast, domestic requistes, and. nunoeronelgefes May ube viewed on Thursday and morning of mimi, an ata
