BIRTHS. on the 26th Aug. 1364t St Shangbat, Chios, the wife of 'WIllIam Rerbeet Vacher, Rq., of a son, On the 29th tlt., at Tyrrytowa. nerw N,w York. the wife of Arehlbad Maxwell Tomollneo Req.. ot Ne rOde,ur. of . dauthter, On the l4th Ind., atku Atwerp. the wife of WI li i, EIle ma2. Fq., XL HEU kHAnoveriau Iaoest),'s Oonsul at A% twerp of a emu. On tba 25th inst., at Lydgate VeaOcry, Slaft,tt. o wife of the Rsy. Jo0hn Gordon, of a eon. On the 28th inst., at U12, Go3well-road, Lrjnd., the wlte of M. 8. 0. Xacey. of a eon. On the 26th Inet, at Wi'hiogtoa 9f ni, OtIsshire, the wife ef the EOn. Carnegie P.. J. Jd , of a daugoter. On the 213th mest., at, 38. Woburu.place, Etuioell.equare, the wife of 3. Morris, Esq., o. a daughter. On the 26th eist., at Wtnchester, the wire of &rthur Lloyd Monk. Zoq., flit Begt., of a s00. On the 26th bat., at 36, Ceor-oquare, Eflburgh, Mr. Chare Law. eoi. Jun of a, daughier. On the 26th last.. at TiCnbereombe Vi.raet Somerset, the wVidow of 'he late Edward Wade Caulfeild, Fot ., vreunately, of a daughter, whtrh survived only oa rew iuates. On the 27th lnast., at OArieto Forehoa, the wife of the wev. lzaeot i Ralkes, Of a eOn. On the 27th bst,, at No. 20. Gloeestergterrace, Jme*dSparkgordensa the wife of Edward Illoxaia, REq., of a dAauht~r. On the 27h Inst.. at Darramlth oreeW, Mlerae.hil. eat, the wife of Willikam Lowers. Eaq., barrieter.at-law of a emu. On te 27h Int., t Canohrlal St.Weis, Somerset, the wife of On the27th eet, n ibeCotimo. Woi I.h. the wife of Capt. On he 8thbeo.,at onthil, ttiate "is.Jaesue Searle. of a son. On te 26h ist.,at 4, R~eotetret, .'Ara. B. Benjimin, of a On WedneoAy, the 28th Inct., at tli.cgate, tho wife of the Rey. J. . Dyne, tUed daster )f kitgog.ru3 Saml. of a s30.
DEALTHIS. On the 1st 8ept. last, at the residmese ')f the Rev. J. Mackay, Chapala of GOhaeDoro. lns his 27th oser, Lieut. Pi:ar I Deere Fraser Lewis, of the 170h Beugat Native lufantry. a, I Adjurtant ot the 2d Oude Inftntry Corps, Eon of tbe late Wend. Vraser Lewis, esq. Hiis melaccholy death wae caused fron a s-vere wia,,d. received in actton agalist the mutinous rebel. on tho 13th J.ly last, at Aziglghur. Deeply lamented by hi; altliited soother aud reltivess. On the 14l1 Ilst., ut Guerneoy. itii5a, the wie of Capt. Award Smith, B.2L.; and, on the 2541 May last, In Sousa Afrioa, Mr. Jonu White, brothor of the above. On the 23d inbt., at Waterloo, aged 69, John CAmpbell, Esq., of Iirergool. On the 23d last., at 70, Dsan-atrest. Soho, aged 65, Sanstnel John llghlev, eon., of gradusl varalytic doe,s, fr.ow s irening of the brain. Por many years meiloal pubiiser In iF l.et street. (ire tly respeosed. On tbe 23d4 Oat., at No 1, DJ,dirsgto..pltae, i(tningtCo, in hit 63d year, Thomas M30on, Eaq., secaud son of the laWe Captain Wiilans Mason, much respected. On the 23d blat., EBlth hleator, aged 3 years and 10 months, and, o;s the 27th Inst., Gertrade Jane, axed2 years and 8 moaths-only chidrea of Mry. James George Wtiley, ot Rritti. ieat. On the 24th iast., aged tbree years. 0t scBad stina, Maria, youngest daughter of 14r. William Grown,, of liII F-Rgh tioib-)ra. On Satiurday, the 21th inst., Miss tarriet E:atou, of Hartloy louse. Hampstead. On the 24th lnst., aged 84, at the parish of Iaytoa, near Pockling. ton, the Rev. (. B. Graham, vicar ot the said parish. On the 24th inst., at Burlesconnnbe, Somerset, 4uddenly, Mary, reict of tho late tGnor,te Hanbe,ue Mililoan, Sq., of Ohartham Deanery, Cantertbm,v, ent, deeply lasnenotd. On dOnday lat, at .ferington-place. after a long illles, Arthur. the Infant sOn ot Mr. G. A. Jeffery, surgeon, of Triaity Hose, EB tbourne, Buseex. Oa the 25th inst.. at the Manse of St. Quivox, Ayrehlre. the Roy. Jm"es Dunean, l.A., of o nenbroko Colege, Cambrsdge. second sur. viving son of rth late Thomas Duemanu. )eq.. of Gre.t Kingstreez, Edlnbturgir. On the 26th lest., at Dover, Jolin Coleman, iun., Eeq., surgeon, aged 18. On the 26th Inat., James Rorne, Req., of Clapham-common, in the 69th year of his ago. On the 26th iust, at No. 4. CAnonbury.sqsare, Islington, fias rutha Aan Carter, alo:e of Mr. and Mrs. B swdery. Oa the 26th inst.. Eleanor, wiio. of the late Auirew Csseolis, Esq.. banker, and fourth daughter of the late Wilianm Joaoson, Esq., of Knutlsord, Chesbire. On the 27th Inst., at Croydon, htr. Charles 1ratt Thomson, in bis 74th year. On the 27th Inst., at Kite Cottage, Bridge-road, Haminersmith, WiDlam Booth, EBs.. nalfpay 14th Foot, and Staffordshire MlBitia, aged 72. On zhe 27th inst., at Woburn Villa, Hoakney, London, of oonmselp tsoa William Roei .ue, only son ot llr. William Bol6tone Whtevway, of .iugsbridge HloudO, Ashburwon, Dev.R, aged 23. On the 27th inst.. Anna Maria. In the 42d Year of ber age, the beoved wife ot Uhas. J. Lamprell, Dyers Arms, Cannou street, city, deep:y lamented by a large citcle of fxi, nds. On Tuesday, the 2?ts inst.. George Baker 13aDlachey, Beq., of Edge. field Mouint, Norfolk, and of liesadngton, Oxford, in the 7tth year of his age. On tho 27th in,t.. at his remidense, 6, Qceonstesra6e Pentonvllle. Henry Bisop, EsBq., eldest zou of the late iir lIenry R. Bishop, Mus. Bag., Oxon.
THE FALL OF DELHI. In addition to the Calcutta Mail, the contents of *hich we published in an early second edition yesterday, we have now received our private correspondence and papers from Bombay to the 3d oi 'October. The following is the letter of our Bomby correttpmdent, which gives the particuilars of the faU of Delhi and the usual summary of events since the ,departure of the last mail:- " BOMBAY, OcT. 3. "At length I am able to announce to you the fall -of the revolted capital of North-Western India, or, ;if that appellation be not strictly correct, of the ancient chief city of the Mogul empire, in which a faithless soldiery had sought to re-erect the indepen,dent throne of the descendant of Baber. Delhi is once more in possession of the British. Our information at present is more scanty than could be de-sired,owing partly to the dawk communication being unluckily intercepted betwveen Lahore and Mooltan. -But the main facts have reached us from so many quarters as to leave no doubt whatever that the place was assaulted with success on the 14th of Sep;teniber, when a permanent lodgment was effected, 'that during the four or five following days further advances and acquisitions on the city were made, and that finally on the 20th the whole of the space enclosed within the walls was in our possession. I should observe, however, that we have not received as yet such certain evidence of the truth of the latter part of this story as of that of the former. The proceedings of the 14th, 15th, and 16th are Kknown to Us, however, compendiously from the official bulletins issued by the Chief Commissioner at Lahore, and founded, as you know, on telegraphic -messages from Delhi. But of the final occupation on tha 20th we have onily heard by ar express from the Residency at Jeypore in Rajpootana, which reached Lord Elphinstone by way of Ahmedabad yesterday. It is dated at Jeypore on the evening of the 23d, and is to the effect that the news had just been received at the Residency iboth from the Rajah and also from the Vakeel or Mtinister of the Nawab of Jhujjur, to whom it may be presumed to have been forwarded by his master, a chief resident in the immediate neighbourhood of Delhi. Thus the tidings of our ultimate and complete success rest at present on native authority only, but as the natural sequel and complement of our undoubted triumph of the 14th they are universally credited. " But to complete, so far as my present materials -wll allow, the story of the avenging army. When I closed my last letter we had heard that the heavy siege train was expected to reach the camp in a very few days, and that works were being erected wherein to mount the guns on their arrival. While the troops were thns busy the enemy was inactive. There were none of those desperate sallies from the city that characterized the early days of the siege, when day by day successive waves of mutiny were shattered against the heights of the British position; and though their artillery was not silent, the only success attained was on the night of the 1st of September, when a shell from the battery on the further dide of the river (of which I wrote in my last) burst among a picket of thlo GIst, in front of the Metcalfe-house, killing two men and wounding seven. On the morning of the 4th arrived in camp the long; looked-for siege train of between 30 and 40 heavy guns, howitzerts, and miortars, with large quantities of ammunition, escorted by the remaining wing of the 8th foot, two more companies of the 61st, and a wing of the 1st Belooch battalion of the Bombay Army. On the Gth came in from IMeerut a most valuable reinforcement in 200 of the l0th Rifles and100 Artilleryrecruiits. Tothelatterj were added 45 men of the 9tb Lancers. The place of this detachment was supplied at Meeruit by the 7th Punjab Infantry. On the following day the army was further strengthened by the 4th Punjab Rifles under Captain Wilde, and by some troops of the Jheend Rajah. On the night of the 7th the advanced batteries intended for the destruction of the Moree bastion and the adjacent curtain were armed with 10 heavy guns at about 650 yards from the bastion, and ani enclosure within half that distance of the walls, called the Ioodsea Bagh, was occupied by a detachmens of infantry and artillery. In these operations we sustained a loss of eomething under 50 killed and woundled, two officers being among the former, Lieuteiants Ifildeorand, of the Bengal Artillery, and Bannerman, of the Bombay Fusileers, attached to the Bleeloochees, the latter a promising young officer, well known to myself and to mlany people here, and by all regretted. The next day w;vs marked by the opening of the advanced batteries on the Moree bastion and by the arrival in camp of the Jummoo or Cashmere Contingent. Meanwhile the engineers were hard at work in the erection of other batteries. On the 11th a u:ortar battery opened on the Moree from the Koodsea Bagh at little mnore than 300 3yards, and upon the Cashmere and Water bastions a tire was commenced from 16 heavy guis and hovwitzers and 10 large mortars, planted at two points in front of the enclosure known as Ludlow CUstle, and so noted in Wyld's map. On the 12th the attac'; on the Water bastion was strengthened by four 1S-pounders and two light (5l iuch) mertars (increased afterwards apparently to eight of the former and 12 of the latter), planted at 200 and 250 yards from the wall and the Custom-house compounld near the river. The fire of the enemy was most severe upon the last-named batteries, vhich wero exposed not only to the guns of the Water bastion, but to those in the old inner fort of Selimglin, and also to those on the other side of the river. Iiere Captain Fagan, of the Artillery, described as a nmost enterprising and excellent ofticer, fell, shot through the head. No other fatal casualty occurred amlong the officers during these days, nor does the general loss appear to have been severe, considering the proximity of the batteries to the wauls ajtd the tenacity of tbe defence, the enemy lieeping up a vigorous fire of musketry from riflepits and patchee of jungle even after their heavy guns were rendered unser'viceable. This latter result waa rapidly produiced by the precision and weight of the constant di3charges from our batteries. By the 13th the Cashmere bastion wasin ruins, and had long ceased to return a shot to the fire that was continzally kept up upon it. The adjoining curtains on eitber side vrers similarly ruined, and from the * ddbris of the 3Ioree bastion oinly a light gun or two at intervals replied to the heavy shot and shell that were poured into it. At the other end of the works the Water bastion had suffered scarcely less severely, its extreme magazine was blown up, and a light gun! whicl enfiladed our batteries had been silenced. And now, the moment for the assault drawving near, General Wilson promulgated the following excellent order ' I The force assembled before Delhi has had much hardship and fatigue to undergo since its arrival in this carup, all of which haa been rmost cheerfully borne by oli.ers and *nen The time is noew drawing near when the Major. General commanding the force trnsts that their labours will be over, and they will be rewarded by the capture of; the city f.o all their past eaertions and for a cheerrdl ~ndur Xc.a stlhl gveater fa'frSao ad eaposure. The t'teps. Vwml be required to aid and hwist the engineers in the erec. tion of the batteries and trenches, and In daily exposure to the sun, as oovering partiea. "' The Artillery will have even hader work than they yet have had, and whioh they have so 'well aud cheerfulUy performed hitherto; this, however, will be for a short period only, and when ordered to the assault the MajorG eaeral feels assured British pluck and determination will carry everything before them, and that the bloodthirsty and murderous mutineers against whom they are fighting will be driven headlong out of their stronghold or be exterminated; but to enable them to do this, he warns the troops of the absolute necessity of their keeping together and not straggling from their columns-by this can success only be seoured. " ' Mlajor-General Wilson need hardly remind the troops of the cruel murders committed on their officers and comrades, as well as their wives and children, to raove them in the deadly struggle. No quarter should be given to the mutineers; at the same time, for the sake of humanity, and the honour of the country they belong to, he calls upon them to spare all women and children that may come in their way. "'It is so imperative, not only for their safety,batforthe success of the assault that men should not straggle from their column, that the Major-General feels it his duty to direct aU commanding officers to impress this strictly upon their men, and he is confident that, after this warning, the men's good sense and discipline wil induce them to obey their officers and keep steady to their duty. It is to be explained to every regiment thatindlscriminateplunder will not be allowed; that prize agents have been appointed, by whom al captured proper'y will be collected and sold, to be divided, according to the rules and regulations on this head fairly among all men engaged; and that any man found, guilty of having concealed captured property will be made to restore it, and wil forfeit all claims to the general prize; he will also be likely to be made over to the Provost-Marshal, to be summarily dealt with. The Major.General calls upon the officers of the force to lend their zealous and efficdent cooperation in the erection of the works of the siege now about to be commaenced. He looks especially to the regimental officers, of al grades, to impress upon their men that to work in the trenches during a siege is s necessary and honourable as to fight in the rank s during a battle. He will hold all officers responsible for their utmost beiog done to carry out the directions of the engineers, and he confidently trusts that aU will exhibit a healthy and hearty spirit of emulation and zeal, from which he has no doubt that the happiest results wriU follow, in the brilliant termination of all their labours.' " On the morning of the 14th, soon after daybreak, the assault took place. The attacking columns were-as I gather from a letter that I have seen, written on the following day by an officer of rank in the army, which, though short, is, as far as I know, the only communication of so late a date that has yet reached Bombay-three In number, one being held, as I understand it, in reserve. Their strength is not given. The main point of assault was the breach at the Cashmere bastion. One columnn however, consisting of Ghoorkas and the newly arrived Jummoo contingent, was directed to make a diversion by attacking the Kishengunge suburb, which lies outside the Lahore gate on the western side of the city, and, if it succeeded in carrying the suburb, to assault the gate itself. But the suburb was occupied by the enemy in force, with a battery of heavy guns. The Cashrnerian troops behaved indifferently, and in spite of the efforts of the brave Ghoorkas the column was repulsed. Its commanding officer, Major Reid, of the Sirmoor battalion, is among the wounded of the day; but on the northern side of the city all went well. The troops entered at the breach with no serious opposition, and spreading to the left and right occupied the " whole line of defences from the Water bastion to the Cabul gate, including the Caslunere gate and bastion, the Moree gate and bastion, the English church, Skinner's house, and the grounds about." The principal loss sustained by the assailantsvwas due to the obstinate resistance they met with in clearing their wa along the ramparts to the Cabul gate, and afterward in an attempt to penetrate beyond that point into the denser parts of the city in the direction of the .JuDina Musjid. In all the loss amounted to about 500 kiUlled and wounded. Five officers are reported to have been slain-Tandy, of the Bengal Engineers; 31'Barnet, of the late 55th Native Infantry ; Murray, of the Guides; Bradshaw, of the 52d Foot; and Fitzgerald, of the 75th. Captain Rosse, of the Cara. bineers, Major Jacob, of the lst Bengal Fusileers, and Lieutenant Homfray, 1st Punjab Infantry, are returned as having died of wouids received. Brigadier Nicholson was wounded, and his brother, of Coke's Rifles, and many others, in all about 30. O the loss of the mutineers I do not observe even an estiniate. It is only said that bodies of them wer seen to be retreating both to the south of the city in the direction of Kootub, and also across the bridge of boats, and that our cavalry had moved round the city to intercept and destroy the former. Our victorious infantry, prudently recalled from too hasty an advance into the close lanes of the city, occupied the comparatively open space inside the Cashmere gate, and the walls which they had wron upon either side of it. Hcad-quarters were established in the house once occupied by the renowed Irregular Horseman, ,Skimner, and now known to us by his name, to the natives as Secunder's. Preparations were at once made for shellina the enemy out of the Palace the Selimghur, and the other strong places of the city, and the firing commenced next morning, the 15th. By the evening of that day a breach was effected in the wal of the magazine enclosure, whichl was held in force by the enemy, and the plac was stormed the next morning by the 61et Foot, and detachments of the Beelooch battalion and Wilde's Rifles. In it were captured 125 pieces of cannon. The Palace being now well exposed the guns and mortars opened upon it from the magazine enclosure, and the enemy appears to have fallen back at aU points. Thus the Kishengunge battery, which had repulsed the Jummoo troops, was abandoned and occupied, and the guns there taken swelled the total number of captured pieces to upwards of 200. The battery on the fur'her side of the river seems also to have been abandoned, and st the date of the latest certain and official news-7 p.m. on the 16th -au attack upon the magazine had been repulsed, a chain of posts had been established from the Cabnl gate to the magazine, and the enemy some hours before dayfall had been maintaining only a deta.Thed and desultory warfare from the tops of the houses. iMany townspeople had come in and received quarter, which was of course refused to every Sepoy. All this is so satisfaotory that we may well credit the tale from Jeypore, that on the 20th the place was entirely in our hands. But I shall keep this letter open to the last in hope of fuller intelligence, as a steamer is just in from Kurrachee, which Mr. Frere was keeping ready for an emergency, and which he -would not have despatched unless lie had something worth sending. I must not omit by the way to mention that the Jeypore report asserts-though I do not credit itthat tho King of Delhi esaped to a neighbouring shrine in the disguise of a -woman. Scindia it is moreover reported was raising 15,000 men to intercept fugitives. " To the north-west of Delhi, in the Hurrianah district, General Van Cortlandt is still lbusy repressing distsrbance and resettling the eossntry. On the 6th of September an insurgent village near Hansi was surprised and its occupants atissn out and dis- persed, with the loss of one of tNeiringleaders in ths mutiny of the Hurrianah battaon and 25 of hiI men. 1 read, too, of what, appears to be the tZestruction of another village at a bter date, whca. a number of the mutinied. Ioth. Cavalry fellt, tan several prisoners, fornmexg- of the same re'-imen, were. forthwith executa O. X. this ccasio'.- a, large amoutb of booty in s3rees, cattle, and mcesy fell intok've hands of th . neral'e men. FroF suMeerut we dc not hoar of .ny more raids aga uebt insurgent ohiefs, nor does our news from .ta reqort any further pr9ceeci fts on the part qji Major Mont- gomery 8iDXe his very successful engagement at Hattrass with ."ho seMahomed Khan, the self-styled Soubahdar of th King of Delhi, which I mentioned in my last, and yrhich appears to have quieted the country about A;,vZhur. Indeed, our intelligence from Agr2 is weii-nigh contained in the single announcement of the death of Mr; Colvin, Lieutenant-Govrernor Df the NorthWest Provinces, on tL" 9thf Pf September. This eminent, and at the comrm&'cement of the outbreak most popular public sern ant succombed to an attack of dysentery, a disease jo the growth of which the confined limits of the crowded fort must have been only too favourable. Mr. Reade, the senior civil servant present, assumed temporary charge of the government upon the death of his chief. On the other side of the Doab two civilians, regarding whose safety feare were entertained, have been preserved by a native, one Haldeo Buash, of Dhurxuapore, and by him forwarded to Cawnpore. They are Mr. Edwards,. collector of Budaon, and Mr. Proby-n, collector of Futeyghur, with his wife and children. Several other Europeans are reported to be in hiding in the neighbourhood. "Regarding Cawnpore and Lucknow I am unable to give you so favourable an account as a fortnight ago I, with reason as I thought, anticipated. that I should be able to do. General Outram, you will remember, in his letter of the 2d of September, to which I referred in my last, expressed a hope that he should get over the distance between Allahabad (where she was at the time of writing) and. Cawnpore by the 9th. In this hope he was, however, disappointed. Probablyafter enduring so much rain, more than the ordinary difficulties embarrassed his march; and on one occaion at least his advance was impeded by an armed force, or his progress hindered by the necessity of chastising it. A party, estimated by its subsequent destroyer at about 300 strong, with a few guns (the number is not mentioned), crossed the Ganges from Oude, presumably for the purpose of plunder, at a point ahead of Sir James's line of march. As soon as they were heard of Major Vincent Eyre, of old Affghan and recent Axrah celebrity, was sent on with part of his own battery, detachments of the 5th and 64th Foot, and a troop of Irregular Horse, to attack and disperse them. On the Major's approach the enemy hastily betook themselves to their boats, pursued by the cavalry, upon whom, wrhen they had re-embarked, they kept up a smart fire. Even when the infantry came up and poured volley after volley into the crowded boats the rebels still made what defence and return they could, but when the field pieces opened with grape they threw themselves panicstricken into the river, to perish almost to a man under the fire of all arms that rained upon them from the bank. The boats were sunk and the guns with them. This was on the 10th of September. On the 15th, the head-quarters of the 5th Fusileers and the remainder of the 78th Highlanders reached Cawnpore, and, Sir James with the rest of the fores beingexpected onthefollowing day, ordersweregiven by General Havelock to prepare to commence the crossing of the river at half-past 2 the next morning. This I know from a private letter from one of the officers of the 78th, and nothing, so far as I am aware, has arrived from Cawnpore direct to lead us to suppose that counter-orders were subsequently issued and that the crossing was delayed. But When the Calcutta steamer for Suez called at Madras three days ago Lord Harris, as the result of the informati on brought to him by that vessel telegraphed to the Bombay Government thus" Genieral Havelock's force crossed the Gangeafrom Cawnpore on the 19th ; Eskirmishing was going on"a message which, I must think, might have been made a l ttle fuller and more explicit. It is possible, though I hope it is not true, that the crosslng did not take place til the 19th, or it may be that on that day the operation was completed which was begun three days earlier, for the stream was running like a miU-race, and there were 24-pounders and elephants to be got over. But the word "akir_. mishing" inadequately, aswemayfear, represents the amount of resistance encountered by his troops. Cer. tain it is atleast that the enemy werein great strength, and occupled an intrenched position on the opposite bank. A few days before the 15th a small steamer, moored off Cawnpore, was sent out to cruise in the river and reconnoitre. While so engaged she got aground. The enemy at once opened fire upon her, and turned out, as was descernible through the glasses of the officers on the other side, marching down the bank in a regular column, that betrayed their former profession, wearing their belts and pouches, though not the red.uniform. The bank on the Cawnpore side being higher than the other their proceedings were easily observed, and a few shots were thrown at them from the 24-pounders, but without producing any effect,-indeed, without reaching across the river. Eventuallythe steamer got off and returned uninjured. Meanwhile, of the imprisoned garrison of Lucknow we have heard but very little. That little, however, is all encouraging, though vague. They had undermined and blown up a house near the intrenchment, with a number of fanatics who occupied it, and then sallying out had spiked the two 18-pounder guns which the enemyhad brought to bear upon them, though without doing much damage. Of the amount of provisions we heap nothing one way or the other. On the whole, T may repeat that we know of nothing tending to destroy, or even materially to affect, the confident hopes; which when I last wrote were so generally entertained, not only on this side of India, but also at Cawnpore and Ailahabad, that this long-beleagured city will be relieved in time to save many valuable lives and the honour of Englishwomen and of the English name. " By this time there is little doubt that Captain Peel, with the naval brigade, has reached Allababad, though we have not yet heard of his arrival. At Calcutta consid erable reinforcements have ar. rived-the rest of the China force, the 23d, 93d, and 82d ; the Penelope with 200 artillery from the Cape, and the Sanspareil witb two companies of the same corps from Hongkong. Fronb the capital to Allahabad the country on both sides of the river appears to be perfectly quiet again. What has become of the mutineers from Dinapore and Rarnghur seems far from clear. Some accoun+ts had represented them to be moving upwards towards Agra by way of Banda. Others stated that their main body, under Koor Singhf had turned southward from Banda towards the- Rewah territories; others, again, that, being warned of' by the Rajah of Rewab, they had skirted his cou3try andi moved down into Buindelcund. This last account may be, perhaps, the true one. 3f not, it is only the mere rumour of their approach 'bat has caused the mutiny of the 50th Bengal Nat57e Infantry at Nagode, in thab proyinee; for t'is. reogimeat, wh3ch has re- mained quiet so long, has gone at last. Its better I temper, howeyer, and better dicipline stood by it we may perhaps say, -uless i; was mere eaprice, to a csrtain extent even to iahe end. Before dismissing their officers, which they did wi.hout attemptimg violence, they aflowed them to blow up the magazine, to destroy some spare muskets, and to, spike the two or three guns that were at the sta'cion. They then maved off,-perhaps in search of Koor Singh-afteo destroying the public buildings, while the officers retired to Jubbulpore. But the contagion of disoffection reached that station also. The corps quartered there was the 52d Native Infantry, - which, like the 50th, had never hitherto shown any s3gns of ill-feeling. Buit about this time it was discovered tlat. a plot was hatching, in which some of the Sepoys and mssq of the Ioose population of the townwere Skinner's-house,withinthe city. Many of the inhabitants have sought and obtained qusrter. The Sepoys also sought to make terms, but their overtures Were indignantly rejected. A great many of the mutineers, including the cavalry, have escaped from the city. The siege-train arrived on the 4th of Sep. tember. The Cashmere Contingent had arrived; *so that, with General Nicholson's reinforcements, the British force numbered 10,000 at the time of the storming. We take the following extracts from the Calcutta EFglishmnan of the 24th of September:- " CAMP BEFORE DELHI, AUG. 26. "As it is 'quite possible that the roundabout route by Bombay may, for some weeks yet, be the only one open between this and Calcutta, I send you these few lines by it to let you know what we are doing, and give you an account of a glorious affair which Brigadier-General Nicholson had with the enemy yesterday. The day previous we received information that a large force under General Bukhtar Singh, of Bareilly notoriety, had left the city, of course with the object of gauiing our rear, and intercepting our siege trsin, which left Umballah, en route from Ferozepore, on the 23d inst. It appears I from the information we received that this General | had, from his repeated want of success, got into deep disfavour with the King, and had actually been brought to trial by court-martial, or at least before the Royal Council, who deeply blamed him. Uponi this the General offered, if a good force were only placed at his disposal, to wipe out aU recollection of the past by a crowning victory over us, seizing our siege train, cutting off our communications, and, I believe, occupying Umballah and KurnauL. He got the force, and a large one, too-six infantry regiments to commence with, a big crowd of cavalry, and a formidable array of guns and ammunition, and left the city the day before yesterday, three more Irregular regiments folowing yesterday mornig as a reinforcement. The night before last IN'icholson also left our camp, and took the field with the 1st Fusileers, Her Majesty's 61st, a strong squadron of Her Majesty's 9thLancers, and two -orps of Punjab Infantry. Yesterday afternoon, at halfpast 4, Nicholson came upon the enemy, and a very sharp Sght ensued, which ended in our defeating the Panies with great slaughter, capturing 12 guns, a vast quantity of tumbrils and ammunition, bullocks, tentb, camp equipage, &o., and dispersing the broken enemy. Our loss is trifling when estimated with reference to the results AssistantSurgeon Ireland, Lumsden of the 6uides, and Gab=tt of the 61st, killed, and about 80 men dUled and wounded. Full particulars are not yet known, as the first news has only reached camp. All the morning our felows have been blowing up the tumbril3 captured from the enemy and a large train of bu21ocks has left camp to bring in the guns. I believe that the General was knowing enough to make up his mind not to return unsuccessful into Delhi, and accordingly took out al his ill-gotten property and plunder with him; but in all probability Nicholson saved him the expense and trouble of carriage, and the ecoundrel has made off in light marching order from his master's service. This victory is most satisfactory and opportune, and prepares the way nicely for the siege traln, which wil be here on the 31st; and then we shall not be long about smashing the place. Camp sickly; no other news; when there is, you shall hear from me." ALLAH&BAD. The following is from Allahabad " SM'TXSMBnR 9. "A friend has julSt come in, and reported that five regiments of infantry and two of cavalry had arrived from the westward, and taken position at a place called Mouza Aounta, about 20 miles from us. The Tehaildar of Saroun, a place ten miles hence, across the Ganges, with his Aimlah, many of them wounded, came in this morning frorn their district. The Tehsildar of karee, 16 miles acrosS the Jumna, has come in with the treasure in his charge. M'Gowan, the post. inaster, has sent me for perusal a report from Bhowanee Deen of Sohagee district, Surburokar, about 30 miles to the westward across the .Jumnna, in which he states the treasure sent to Rewah haa been returned; a large party of mutineera had left Kheeree (36 miles from us) for Kuttra, where the Rewah troops under Hinde met, engaged, and were worsted by the mutineers, who, after dispersing the Rewah troops, -were advancing on Rewah. This is a serious matter, and we pause for confir-mation or contradiction of the report. After sending 1,300 men with General Outram to reinforce General Havelock, we have but 170 left in our garrison, of whom one-half are in hospital ! The Koladyne left three days ago to bring up Captain Peel's marines, who, if not stopped at Ilrzapore, may be expected in a week from this. The mismanagement prevailing up here is most scaudalous, and the manner in which officials, who, by repeated acts of folly, have proclaimed themselves utterly unworthy of trust, is disgracefuL " SaETrnEz 8. "General Outram was here last week and insisted oni reducing the garrison to the lowest possible lHmit that he might take as many as possible with him,I say well done he; but all the military authorities look very grave about it, but he has borne down all opposition and carried hispoint. We have nowabout 150 in the fort, ineluding convaleaeents from Cawnpore, and hardfrork it is, no doubt,'for them; but are we to sit hero at our ease and in safety, and see Outram unable to get to Lucknow for want of a few men? On Monday night we all turned out to see Major Eyre's battery go up the road to the camp, which they had formed in the station, and then the 90th to pass up. At 1 o'clock on the night of the 5th they had been in tho camp two or three days, and MIajor Eyre's battery marched out; a few of the 64th and 84th, who had been lft here, also went with them. The next night, as we were sitting after dinner, we heard the usual 9 o'clock gun, aud directly after drums and fifes began. Out we all hurried, and away we went towards the ruined cutcheries,about half a mile off; we got there just in time to come across the band of the 90th, who were leading the way. Then came General Outram and his staff on horseback, and then the 90tb.We marched on with them about half a mile through a large village, the inhabitants of which turned out in great astonishment at the sound of the band. The band stopped, and we turned back, wishing them goodI luck; but I hear that they passed the railway station, and [the part of the town close by, with the band playing and all the men singing on Sunday morning. 80 men of the 78th arrived from Benares, and went off again the same night in bullock carts, intending to make a double march and overtake the 90th. Altogether they must have a force of 1,6500 or 1,600 men (including Artillerymen) and six guns. These, with those they will meet at Cawnpore, will, I trust, be enough to thin the Luicknow road, but it will be hard work; every village there is fortified, and, as we have no cavalry, we cannot cut up the enemy when dispersed. They called again at the next village. General Havelock, T k± -enee,Aitend crsI . t-d,s htteewl I believe2 mtends crossinl to-day, so that there vrill be no delay. On Sunday,ty-the-by, just as evening service in Mr. Court's house was finished, there arrived a telegraph from General NeilL News from Lucknow to Sept. 2, of Baly-guard (the residency) all right. The enemy's two heavy guns disabled; they neither fire nor move them. I must tell you that Goneral Outram sent on to General Havelock, saying he would not interfere with the honour of relieving Lucknow, for which he has fought so well, but w_ go as Commissioner of Oude, not as a General, but as a volanteer. Our new Lieutenant-Governor is laid up with earache at Benares, and sees nobody. " General Outram and suite arrived the night before last; the steamer conveying them left yesterday at 12 for Calcutta. The James Hume just in. The latest news from Lucknow is cheering. The besieged think their provisions will last until relieved. Outram marches either to-day or to-morrow with 1,500 men ; they hopeto reach Lucknow on or about the 22d current. News from Cawnpore is that the rebels are intrenching themselves on the other side of the river. Anent the Dinapore mutineers(I humbly beg pardon, Lloyd's own Loyals), we hear that some of their party crossed at Rajapoor, thsuddenly changed their plans, recrossed, and in the most approved fashion of the times looted Rajapoor and then marched into Serropan, whether to take an inventory of the household effects, goods, chattels, and &ijouterie of the. Raos, 'I aa mode de Nagpore,' vith a view ' to annexation' (this I believe to be the polite expression in the political circle of Messrs. Beadon and Co.), or to enter into a treaty offenxive and defensive, we can't yet say. " I have just received a letter from Agra vid CAwnpore, The following in &u eztAot -,1 w'nt concerned, to breAk open the gaoi AJUd release certin prisoners lately confined there. ThI scheme was frustrated. Shortly afterwards an old cl;ef of one of the neighbouring Gond clans was arrested olt suspician of in9tigating an attack upon the Euro- I peans and their property, and being convicted was blown from a gun, his son suffering with him for the saein crilme. A little while longer and the 52d mutinied, taking advantage of the scattered con- dition of the Madras column, which was stationed I at intervals between Jubbulpore and Saugor, keeping open the road, and was in no great strength at the former station. Their mutinv had in it something of oriOgiality. They dismissed al tneir officers but one, Lientenant Macgregor, whom they retained as a hostage for the safety of their comrades in the two companies that were in advance with the head-quarters of the Madras column under General Millar at Duloh. This little arrangement they explained in a respectful letter written either to General Elar or to their own commanding officer (the latter I think, but am not quite sure, as I have only heard of the letter, not seen it), in which they said that in leaving canton. ments they by no means considered that they were quitting the service of the Sircar; that they remained, andjproposed to continue to remain,true and good servants of the Government; but that they had heard and believed that the Sircar intended to destroy them, and had brought in the Madrasees for that purpose. Hence they thought it better to withdraw till the Sircarshould be more properly and kindly disposed towards them. They were taking away the Sircar's arms and amimunition It was true, but, then, had they not left all their own property behind, with which the Sircar might indem. nify itse'f? And so the regiment marched off, all but the two companies which were with General Millar, whom the General forthwith cleverly and quietly disarmed. But the effect of all this is very bad. It may cost us for a time the whole of the Saugor territories north of the Nerbudda. The Bundelas are up in renewed spirlts. General Millar attacked a body of them, and slew 80 without the loss of a man. But another party defeated a sally from the fort of Saugor, killing Colonel Dalzell, of the late 42d, who headed it, and several men. The Madras colunn abandons Dumoh and concentrates itself for the protection of Jubbulpore. If, as in spite of their remarkable letter may be anticipated, the 52d join the Bundelas in strength, the column may have to recross the Nerbudda. If Eoor Singh comes down it must; but I hope and think that when tidings of the fall of Delhi have weU filtered through the country many a now formidable-looking band of marauders will be dissipated even more rapidly than it was formed. " Further to the north and west, in the great province of Malwa, things are looking suffliciently well. I have already alluded to the report of Scindia's raising new levies to intercept fugitives from Delhi. A letter from an officer it Indore, just received, lies before me. Upon information which he considers reliable he writes that on the 25th, and for five days previous, Scindia and the mutinied Contingent were at Gwalior face to face, each seeking to coerce the other. The Maharajah had all his guns in position, and from 17,000 to 20,000 men of new and old levies strongly posted. He was unwilling to use force, I suppose, against such formidable antagonists unless absolutely forced to do so, and contented himself with holding them in check, waiting probably for the fall of Delhi. If this be true he has done us good service, and has saved his sovereignty. Indore and Mhow are quiet. The succession to the chieftainship of Ruttam has been tranquilly settled, the disturbed little State of Dhar is at rest again, and, more than all, the Mundesore insurrection, of which I wrote in my last, is melting away to nothing. Thus In Malwa all is pr etty well, nor in Rajpootana is there much amiss, save in the matter of the revolted Joudpore Legion. These rebels, when I left them a fortnight ago, were, you may remember, posted in a strong village called Awa, where Colonel Lawrence, as I had heard, hesitated or declined to attack them. However, he subsequently allowed the Rajah of Joudpore to attempt the place with his troops, unwisely as it would seem, for the Rajah's men, if more numerous than his own, were of interior materials. Accordingly their attack was repulsed, and Mr. Monk Mason, the Commissioner, who accompanied them, was, it is feared, killed. Then Colonel Lawrence resolved himself to attack. On the 18th of September he led his small body of men from the 85th Foot, the Mhairwarra battalion, and the BombayLancers, with a half-troop of Horse Artillery, against the enemy's position, which in the high standing corn was scarcely visible. The rebels had the guns of the legion, and made good practice with them. They were driven, however, from two successive positions into the town, and there the triumphs of the day ended, for, the place being evidently unassailable, oiir troops were forced to draw off, without loss indeed, but no doubt considerably to the detriment of lour prestige in the district. And that such an event should have happened just where it did is particularly unfortunate, as being so near to the frontiers of Guzerat, where there are not a few petty chiefs who bear the British rule no strong affection, and where one Bombay regiment, the 2d Grenadiers, has exhibited of late disaffection in its ranks. " For' the past fortnight we have had further little disturbances in this Presidency, which constitute a drawback, though but a slight one, on the generally favourable character of the intelligence, and afford a contrast to the loyalty of the Madras army, still unstained, unless by the refusal of the 8th Cavalry to proceed for service to Bengal, for which, by the way, all the subahdars and the native staff officers have been summarily dismissed the service. Youi may remember that I noted in my last that the native artillery at Hyderabad and Shikarpore in Scinde were thouzght to be wavering, and that a company of European artillerymen had been sent up from Bombay in great haste to relieve them of the guns whieh it was feared they might misuse. At Hlyderabad it was found necessary to take prompt measures withoutt waitin, for the arrival of the Europeans. Acting upon information derived from his subahdar, Lieutenant Battisoombe, commanding the company, applied to the brigadier, and by means of 500 of the polce and 100} picked men of the 13th Native Infantry the golandas were disarmed and the guns taken away into the fort. At Shikarpore, some days later, some 15 of the artillerymen got hold of the guns one very dark night and blazed away at nothing or anything till dviven away by the pAlice, who fired at the flashes of the guns. One or two were killed, and the others decamped, only to be brought inl dead or alive by the police and the villagers. Hrere and everywrhere throughoult Seinde the police have behaved admirably. An affair at Kurrachee I was more serious. There, one evening, a plot onI the part of his regiment was disclosed to Alajor Macgregor, of the 21st Native Infantry, to rise that very night, murder the Europeans, and make off for Hyderabad. Everything seems to have been admirably well managed. The 2d Europeans (2 companies only) and the Horse Ar'illery were ordered out at once, and the regiment was surprised. Some 2, were missing, all of whom have since been executed or slain by the police or the villagers, and about the same number, whose firelocks were found to be loaded, are to be transported for life. These men are thought to be, and perhaps are, all the conspirators in the regiment, in which case the intendedl mu- XiMj WQU1d hbe qjuite one o£ the, Qo Ibay as oppcsexl to she Bengal type, where the predonlneLnce of lowcaste and Concanee (or west coast) men, though not always sufficiently great entirely to preserve the corps from mutiny, seems to'be able to preTent itb .infecting the whole body. Elsewhere throughout the- Presidency we have been quite quiet, if lexcept the 0'%se of the 2d Grenadiers, to which I have already bUuded, but 'Which has hitherto exhibited nothing wo00e than a few desertions and consequent imprisonments. By this time General Roberts, who commands ir Guzerat, has got the 89th Foot at Ahmedabad, which Wl keep everything quiet; and at Kurrache, tLO wing of the 4th, from the Mauritius, has arrived. Here we haveithe left wing of the 95th, but the head-quarters are not yet heard o£ They had not reached the Cape when the left wing sailed fronz it. " I have received another lettu from the officer attached to the misiion at Teheran, of whose former conimunicaton I wrote in my last. I mention this letter because an absurd report has gDt about here, and may reach England (though yon will know better at home through Constantinople), that lsr. Murray has hauled down his flag. Then mision was to start for Herat on the day after the date of my letter-the 18th of August. They expected to reach that city in 40 'days by caravan marches, almost precisely the same as those of Ferrier, whose notes and information (the accuracy of which is, I believe, roundly denied at Teheran, and by his countrymen too) they will be able, and are verv desirous, to test. 'The Persian Government,' writes my friend,. ' is. evadin g the bon4 fide terms of the treaty in every respect.' 'The Affghans, we hear, are rising far and wide to annihilate the Persian forces, now that they know the English have forced them to evacuate the place.' " To return to Bombay, and to conclude. Our monsoon is at an end, and has been a very favourable one, the fall registered being 78 inches. Trade is active; money abundaut. Government Four per per Cents. have risen to 82, and would go higher but for the extreme depression at Calcutta. Exchange on London, 2s. 1id. "P.S. The England brings nothing fromKlurrachee but a copy of tbe Jeypore story which I have before given. But I have been obliged by the perusal of an 'extract from a letter received at Nusseerabad on the evening of the 24th of September from Captain Eden at Jeypore, September 23, 8 a.m.,' which gives details of the doings in Delhi on the 1 th and 18th, and which runs thus:-' On the 17th shelling the Lal Kills (Red Fort; this appears to be some other stronghold than Sellmghur) and city. Fighting all day; leaders and native officers in open dissension, accusing one another, in presence of the King, of cowardice. In the end unanimity prevailed, and they resolved to attack and fight as men without hope of mercy or pardon. Friday, the 18th.-Shelling all night on the Lal lMilla. This morning fighting recommenced, and mutineers on some points successful, but constantly repulsed. Rifles doing much miachief among the rebels. City people, both rich and poor, running away. Suburb, where Reid failed (the Ki-shengunge) is oura, and also the rebels' battery there. King and two sons concealed. One bastion of the Lal Killa destroyed, and it will be taken.' Captain Eden adds, ' The above is from the Durbar news-writer to the Rajah at Jeypore. There may be some exaggeration, but in the main I am inclined to believe this report, as the man has always sent us correct reports on the whole.' After this the report of the total occupation of the city on the 20th may be accepted unhesitatingly. " I regret to say that it appears probable there Is something vrong in the Punjab between Lahore and Mooltan. I alluded in the beginning of my letter to a stoppage of 'dawk communication between these towns. I now find that when the England left Kurrachee no dawk had reached Mooltan from Lahore for eight days. If anything. is wrong it is in the Gogaira district. Detachments are out both from Lahore and from Mooltan; but nothing is yet known of the cause or of the magnitude of the obstruction to the traffic. All wvas quiet in Scinde, and the authorities were on the alert. " Letters from Weemuch record a successful operation from that station against Nimbheera, where the Rajah of Tonk was in revolt. The detachments of the Bombay 2d Cavalry and 12th Native Infantry which accompanied the party of the 83d behaved' very well, replying only with musketry to the cries of 'Deen, deen !' ('the faith'), which met them from the walls. The enemy evacuated the place during the night, abandoning his guns. The troops are clamorous to be led against Mundesore or Bhownugogur, whither the remnant of the Mundesore revolt has betaken Itself." The following is from the Bombay Times:- " The capture of Delhi has been the great event of the fortnight, and we may now expect that the rebeUion will be speedily crushedL With the stronghold of the mutineers ! in our power there wil be no difficulty in destroying the rebels wherever we may meet them, and thus restoring tranquility throughout the country. The arrival of fresh seinforcements from England, both at Bombay and Calcutta, has contributed to strengthen our hands, and confirm the wavering loyalty of the neutral provinces. Although, however, Delhi has fallen, and the relief of Lucknow is near at hand, there is still a great deal to be done before India is perfectly settled, and order restored throughout its bloodstained provinces. For the gigantic work before us all our efforts and resources wil be required, and our energies cannot be abated until the fabric of our power is set upon a firmer basis than heretofore. " In our last summary wo gave news from Delhi to the 3d of September, when the siege train was daily expected in camp. It arrived on the 5th of September, and active preparations were immediately made to commence Offensive operations. Several batteries, armed with heavy gans, were established in commanding positions, within a short distance from the city walls, so that the bastions could he destroyed by our fire. This was successfaully accomplishid, but with the loss of two officers, Lieutenant Hildebrand, of the Artillery, and Lieutenant Bannerman, of the Belooch Battalion, who were kiled. Having thus established batteries in advanced positions the bombardment of the city commenced, and the Cashmere and hMoree bastions suFfered severely from our shot and shelL The enemy replied smartly with grape and musketry, but our loss was inconsiderable, and our fire was kept up with undiminished vigour. On the 10th and 11th of September one or two sorties were made by the enemy, but without any result, notwithstanding the proximity of our batteries to the waUs. For two days longer our artilery continued to play on the city, until, on the 12th, the Cashmere bastion and half the adjacent curtain were in ruins. Preparations were now made for the assault, and General Wilson, In an order Issued a few days previous, laid down the line of conduct to be pursaed by the troops. No quarter was to be given to the mutineers, but the women and chidren vFere to be spared. On the 14th of Septomber the assault was made on the city, which was entered by a divi. sion of our troops, who succeeded in effecting a lodgment and driving tho enemy before them. The following teleeraphic mesFage from Colonel Durand, at ]dhow, to Lord Eiphinstone, at Bombay, gives particulars of the successful assault on Delhi:- " ' Captain Eden, at Jeypor, sends, by an express dated the 18th, the foUowing from Coloniel Young, written from head-quarters, Skinner's-house, Delhi, 15th :-The assault took place yesterday morning soon after daybreak, and the storming was entirely succesful. We were soon in possession of the end of the fort, with the Cashmere, abul, and Atoree gates, which we now hold, with the church, college, and other large buildings near this one, in which the head-quarters are. Preparations are making for heavy batteries to knock the mutineers out of those parts of the city in which they now ars. Mlyar of the city people have come in for and received qauater; Sepoys wanted to come, but not permitted. Casualties said to be heavy. No artilUery offi. cors killed or wea-:dsd. A great many of the inutineers escaped. Cavaby left last night, it is said, towvards ite. waree.' " The follkwiog extra of the Delhi Gazette, published at A gra on thb lS;h of September, gives farther details ci the stormnig. operations on the 14th:- "' Deai, Spt 4.-Mr. Greathed w,ites '))ishi -was stormsed ihis nmorniDg, and the British tc:ce-ee kre in Possession of tbe lieAZ of defences I"e" thi Water ba n to h'e Cabul gate, mincluding the Ca8hwi Igate arnd bastio L the Moree gate and bastion, the Euk- ji,h ohurcb, S.dkner souse, the college, and the grounds about. Prepartions are L 'sing usnde to turn the guns romt I the cp ptedbastion,eu t ihes.ty, and to bring up other guns and mortars to commandh,g po, e t a a - "'The enemy for the present rstA the cahoe prW other bastions, the palce, sellumghur, and the chief part of the city; but our hold of the position th. *t has been secured appears firm, a"d the fall of the remain, 'er is to be ex pected. " ' General Nicholson, Colonel Campbell, 52d, 'nud Majoz' Reed, Sirmoor battAlioz, are among the wounded .'flcers who are numerous. Lieutenants Bradahaw, 52d andL.tz gerald, 75th, were ked. " ' A body of troope wag observed to march off by the bridge, but pursuit is irzpmracticable until Selimghur and the river front have been oo%spied. "'The chief losses were- experieneed in attempting to reach. the Jumma Musjii and to penetrate beyond the Cabul gate.' " The following descripticn Is-trom a letter from Colonel Becher:- " ' The troops entered at thei-reac, neafr tne Canhmere gate without serious opposit1cn; and gpined posession of the largo buildings in its neigixbourhced, and ad-vanced along the ramprt to the Moree haston nad' CaWm? gate, ill progress to which the resistance wns very cbstinatL, and theloss consequently haa been severe; but we- ae adrancing gradually within the city. " ' Large bodies of the enemy havs been seen rotreating: both in the direction of the Kootulzand' ovey the- brdge. Arrangements are in h nd,for batterinrt-o be zaade- in theCity, and their own heavy guns hase been turnod agsiasttbem.' " We are indebted to Governmnent' for the followingofricial bulletins from Lahore, giving the-particulars. of' the aesault on Delhi to the 16th of Septembo-, together with an express from General Roberts at Ahmedibad, stating. that the whole of the city was in our posses3ionon the 20tB,. and that the King of Delhi had been taken prisoner. "Chief Commissioner's-office. La'4ore, Sept. 1r.o "The following messages were received, ftom Dblhfi during the course of yesterday, and this morning from the. office of the Adjutant-General of the Army:- " I Septrllii 9 a.;n, "'We continue to hold the city from the Ebliege to theCabul gate, and the enemy holds the magazine,. which we. are now shelling. The palace is also being shelled. Many. of the mutineers had Bled yesterday. The following officers were killed :-Lieutenant Tandy, Engineers; Lienten=nt Fitzgerald, 75th Foot; Lieatenant Bradshaw, 52d Foot; Captain M'Barnet, 55th Infantry; Lieutenant Mlrrayr Guide Corps; Major Jacob, 1st Fusileers, has died. from his wounds. About 30 officers have been wounded, incelding Brigadier-General Nicholson, Lieutenant Nicholson, ot Coke's Regiment; Greathed, MIaunsell, Chesney, Salkeld, Browniow, Hovenden, and Medley, Engineers; Watersan,d Cartis, 60th Rifles; Ross, of Carabineers (danger. ously); Anson, Aid-de-Camp; Baynes and Pogson, 8th. Foot; Greville, Wemyss, and Owen,1stFasileers;Reid, Sirmoor Battalion; Boisragon, Eumaon Battalion, and several others whose names have not yet been received; but our total loss is estimated at 500.' "Another message (hour not given) states that 'the captured guns on the Moree and Cabul bastions are also in play or, the Burn bastion and IAhore gate-new positions ocoupied by mutineers. Some cavalry and infantry have left since yesterday evening, but the garrison stiUl show every intention of disputing our further entrance.' "'8p.m. "'All welL We have made a breach in the magazine and storm it at dawn. The enemy's musketry fire Is much reduced.' " ' INo official account has yet been received of the successful attack by a portion of General Van Cortlandtes force on the rebel village of Mungella, but a number of the 10th Cavalry men have been kIlled, and 13 of them, with some others. made prisoners, were immediately executed on the spot. About 20,000r. worth of plunder is said to have fallen into the hands of our men, and 80 horses and some 2,000 head of other cattle.' "' Sept. 16, 7 a.m. "'P.S.-The following message has just been received from Delhi:-" The magazine was stormed at daylight by the Glst Foot, Belooch Battalion, and part of WVilde's Regiment. We had only a few woounded, and the enemy about 40 killed. 125 guns were taken in the magazine." "' Sept. 17. "'The latest message from Delhi is up to 2 p.m. yesterday. Our mortars continue to play upon the Palace from the maRazine enclosure. The enemy entirely abandoned the Kishengunge battery, and we have found in it in posi tion five 18-pounder mortars, making the total number of pieces of ordnance taken in and before Delhi upwards of 200. " ' The battery across the river opposite Kinghur, is also reported to have been abandoned by the mutineers, who are in detached groups fighting from the tops of honses; their organization into regiments is fast being broken up. "'Dewan Herree Chund, the commandant of the auxiliary force of his H ighness the Maharajah Runbheer Singh, died of cholera yesterday; his death is much to be regretted. He was the trusted servant of the Maharajah, and a man of great experience. "I' A supplementary list of casualties received yesterday mentions that Captain Ross, Carabiheers, and Lieutenant Homfray, 4th Panjab Infantry, died of their wounds. Wounded, 14th of September.-Pemberton,H Gustavinsle, Sappers; Ctppage, 6th Cavalry; Bayley and Atkinson, 52d Foot; Shebbeare, Guides; Graydon, 16bh Grenadiers; Spece, 65th Native Infantry; Lambert, 1st Fusileers; Gamable, 38th Light Infantry; Hay, 60th Native Infantry; Pzior, 1st Punjab Infantry. " General Van Cortlandt reports the destruction on the 13th inst., by a portion of the Hurriaaah Irregular force under his command, of the insurgent village of Mnugulpore. The rebels drew up a force of from 700 to S00 horse, from 400 to 500 infantry, and some guns, to defend the village, but after the exchange of a few shots they broke and fled with the utmost rapidity, leaving their camp in our hands, just as It stood, somne ammunition, and five cartloads of Sepoys' things, such as coats, pantaioons, &c. "P.S. The following has just been received from the AsEsistant-Adjutant General of the army:- I' Delhi, Sept. 16, 7 p.m. "We have now established a line of posts from the Cabul gate to the magazine. An attack was made on the magazine to-day, which was repulsed; but we had some men killed and wounded. " ' J. D. MACPHERSON, Lieut.-Colonel, Military Secretary to Chief Commissioner.' "The following was received by express from General Roberts, commanding the forces at Ahbnedabad, who despatched the intelligence to the Govcrnor on the 2ftth of September:- "I' By express through Dr. Derinzy, Residency Surgeon, Jeypore, the 23d of September, 5 a.m.-We have this moment received informition from the Durbaar of our treops having occupied the entire city of Delhi oni Sanday ast, the 20th. The Vak2el of the Jhujjur Nawab had been nere a little while before with the samc intelligence, so you may rely upon it. The King is said to be in the Durgah Nizam-oodeen, about sLx miles from Delhi. He and his two sons escaped disguised as women, and the women of the Zenana in men's clothes.' *- It was reported at Ahmedabad, upon the strength of letters from Ajmere, that the King of Delhi had been cap. tured." WVe take the following from a Supplement to the Madrcas Atenetia-n, of the 29th of September:- " BOMlBAY, SsPT. 28. "A telegram was received yesterday from Colonel Durand, at Mhow, announcing the receipt there of an express from Captain Eden, at Jeypoor, despatched on the 18th, and giving the following extract of a letter from Colonel Young, dated at Heacl-quarters, Skinuer's-house, Delhi, 15th inst. It is aM follows:- " The assault took place yesterday moniing, soon after daybreak, aud the storming INas I entirely successful. We were soon in posses- sion of the end of the fort, with the Cashmere, Cabul, and Moree Gates, which we now hold, with the Church, College, and other largo buildings near this,-Skinnerbs-house, iR which the head-quarters are. Preparations are making for heavy batteriem to knock the mnutineers out of those parts of the city in whioh they now are. Miany of the city people have come; iin for and received quarter. The Sepoys wanted to conme also, but were not permitted. The casiualties are said to be heavy; no Artillery officers, ho,wever, wrere killed or wounded. A great many of the m-utineers have escaped. The cavalry left li3t night, it is said towards Rewaree."' jpR.-q eOt-R ow-i CORRESlPONDENT', CALCI'TTA. q3r'T. 25. The latest news from Delhi is to the 15th. The city was stormed on the 14th, and the British hlave captured a portion of it, iliclluding the Cashillee, Cabul, and Moree Gates, the Church, Collegep &c. The head-quiarters of the besiegi.ug army irq 1om w to you some time ago by the regulardawk, but I sup. pose my letter in that way vid Bombay and Mirznpore will not reach you under a month. Mr. Hume, the magistrate of Etawah, told me that he daily despatches a kossid to Cawnpore, and has very kindly offered to send a note of mine that way. We have no partioulars of what has really occurred at Allshabad and Benares. A party of ours, 130 men of the 3d Europeans, about 20 of the Militia Cavalry, and three guns, left us on Friday last, under the command of Major Moontgomery, for the purpose of giving confidence to the well-affected in the neigh.- bourhood of Hattrass and Allyghur. They reached Hattras without any opposltionz. Yesterday morning we received intelligence that they had proeeeded on towards Allyghur, and this moiaent a letter has come in from them reporting a brush with a strong body near Allyghur-a moat brilliant affair, we are told. The enemy, numbering about 4,000 strong, wereencamped inMainSingh's garden, about three miles on the Agra side of Allyghur. When they heard of the advance of our little party they came out and rushed upon them like fanatics, thinking, no doubt, to destroy the whole body; they however, made a glorious mistake. The Little party were not to be destroyed so easily; they opposed and fought like true English bull. dogs, gained the victory, and dispersed them. The enemy left 400 dead on the field, and on our side killed poor Tandy, of the North-West Bank, and Ensign Marsh, proceeding up country to join his regiment, and three Europeans, and wounded Dr. Clarke, Gawlior Contingent (not seriously), and five men of the 3d Europeans. Our party have returned to Hattrats, where they now are in the fort. Their orders were not to go into Allyghur, consequentlythey returned to Hattrass. In other respects we are all quiet here, anxiously waiting to know what the large body of miutinied troops at Gwalior are going to do, and more anxIously looking to be relieved from the prison in which we are now located. You must know that all our resldences have been destroyed, so I need not repeat it here. "All is quiet at Rswah and Nagode. I hear that Captain Jackson, with a strong body of the Rajah of Rewah's troops and two guns, is occupying the Sohaghee Pass. Immediately I hear anything of interest I shall write again." MIRZAPORE. The following is from Mirzapore "SEPTEKMBEi 10. " Everything reports quiet here. It had been blowing and rainng incessantly for nearly 48 hours, which was considered the breaking up of the rainy season. No boats at all are comning in, and until| the Lucknow business Is decided we need not expect much improvement In the state of affairs. No business can be done, for the insin idea is selfpreservation. We hear some curiou accounts of the Eulropean soldiers. They are determined to exact fell retribution from allarmed natives, and every European Is with them. Annihilate the demons, say we; they are not fit tobreathethe same air as ourselves, after all that has occurred. Three cheers for the gallant Neill; no red tape can hold him; we glory in his spirit; he will not play second fiddlo to any civilian, and, what Is more, the soldiers won't allow him. Outram expects to be at Lucknow on the 15th. God speed him, say we. May the brave force relieve our unfortunate countryraen from the thousands of cowardly ruffians wvho assail them at so much disadvantage. "sxr2Tsrs 8. "This place Is in a constant state of excitement, owing to the daily reports of the mutineers from the Dinapore and Bhaugulpore quarter being in the neighbourhood. The respectable Mahajuns wiU not venture out of their houses; a number of Sepoylooking natives are hanging about the city, and two fellows, one of the 8th and the other of the 40th Native Infaniry, were hung yesterday, having been given up by the police, which is the proper way of diposing of these ruffians. They must be annihited, or there will be no peace in the country for years to come. It appears these men were wounded, which accounted for their coming into Mir7apore, no doubt to get doctored, and at the same time to see what they could pick up in the city. 7. "1 With reference to mine of the 6th, the excitement eame to nothing. The mutineers are encamped on the Jubbulpore-road, and the dawk which went out from this had to be brought back, for fear of these villains. The city is quiet enough, and all in the intrenchments are fuUy prepared for any attack. To what extremities are we driven in one of the largest marts in IndiaI Business is suspended, for the Mahajuns play at hide and seek; they cannot be drawn from the precincts of their dwellings-no gain will tempt them. "The inhabitants hero were all in a atate of excitement owing to a report that Koor Singh's lparty had returned, and were at a place caUled Tollgunge, some 25 miles from Mlrzapore, on the Jubbulpore road. It is reported they are very strong, having the Dinapore, Huzzareebaugh, andBhaugulpore mu- I tineers with them. All this is a nad Interruption to businesa, &c.; the inhabitants are begining to feel rather uncomfortable, as General Outram had telegraphed for all the European troops to join him, so ine shal have left for the protection of this city, one of the largest marts in Ipper India, the disarmed portion of the 47th Native Infantry, consisting of some 200 men, all the rest having departed on leave. " SmrTnini 5. "All business hero has been suspended, the city having been barricaded in different places, which precaution has been taken by the magistrate; but where the enemy is expected from it is impossible for any one to divine. Unexceptionable paper at 10 days can be placed with difficulty at a discount of 6 per cent. Grain is 9 seers per rupee, and wheat not procurable. Produce little or nothing offSering. A pretty state of affairs for one of the largest marts in India I This suspense about Delhi and Lucknow is really dreadful; these places settled, we should have comparative quiet once again, and business would be resumed. The dealers have all taken the alarm; and, although there is reported to be abundance of grain at Rewah and other places, no boats can beprocured, as the villagers all plunder and burn boats as they go along. A number of unfortunate boatmen hailed the Mirzapore and Nemesis, seeing troops on board, to save their cargoes from the villagers, but of course these steamers would not stop. If the river is not kept clear we shall all suffer at a future day not far off, for supplies wil be up to famine prices. A large number of the railway boats have been plundered, and several along the river are lying deserted. Why are not some of the idle officials sent upwards to try and recover this valuable property ? Otherwise thousands and thousands will be lost to the unfortunate shareholders" The following items of news are supplied by the Indian Governmenit:- a" NAGPORFE, AUG. 3L "The Mohurrum has pased off quietly. A Mahomedan Jemadar, convicted by a ourt-martial, was hanged on the 27th inst., during the festival. Five other native officers have been hung, and all the others, except five, who were absent on leave, together withi 37 noncommssioned officers and troopers, have been expelled the regiment. The havildar of the Irregular Cavalry and three city rebels, one of whom was a Moolkee Sowar, have also been hung. " All right at Sumbulpore to the 27th inst. Seventy-two picked Sowars, under Lieutenant Napier, cf the 3d Irregular Native Infantry, have been sent from Raepore to join the second company of the 40th Madras Native Infantry, marching from Cuttack to Its aid. " BENARBES, Srr. 13. "FROM TmE LxunT --r-GOVESRNOR TO THE GovnizNuCo GENRA.L. "A letter from General Outram, dated Kurrim, Sept. 11, states,-' I have just received a note from Cawnpore of this date, from which I extract the following :-' We had very good news from Lucknow yesterday,_a fierce cannonade at gun-fire, and towards noon the enemy exploded a mine, but by some mischance it went off just under the feet of those advancing to attack, killing, it is said, nearly 400. The garrison then made a sortie, which completed their discomfiture.' " BENARS, SsrT. 16. "Letters from Iajor Lumsden, at Candahar, of the 13th of August, report that his party was all well, and was being well treated, and that Herat has been completely evacuated by the Persian "All well in the Saugor Fort on the 4th of September. The dawks from Rerwah of the 14th, from Dummoh of the 9th, and from Nagpore of the 11th, were received at Mfirxapore on the morning of the lo l l righlt. The last Jett-or frora C,,Sltgalz Osborne, of the 12th, from Rewah, reports that all was, qVe. At ITagpore the Mohu_-um has passed off. ryderabad most peaceful," "IAGUA, SxrT. 9. "Mr. Colvin, the Lieutenant-Governor, sank rapidly after the despatch of last message, and dcied this afternoon at half-past 4. " The latest authentic news from -tho Chumbul, up to the 8th of September is that the river hai risen, and that the main body of the mutinous in fantry, cavalry, and guns had not yet crossed ; tha their advanced guard continues at Dholepore witS two guns; that at present, of the two streams batween Agra and the Chumbul, one Is certainly unfavourable,and thatthe boat a have been destroyed." " NAGODE. " All well at Chirkari up to the 5th of September, at ,,iungar to the 7th, and at Nagode up to the llth." " OUDE. "The follovwng is a copy of a despatch from Major Vincent Eyre, Artillery, commanding a detachment, to Colonel Napier, Military Secretary to Major-General Outram, KO.B. - " I CANT, KOONDE)UN PUTTEE, SZT. 11. Sir,-I am happy to have it in my power tX report for the information of Major-General Sir James Oatramn, K.C.B., that the expedition he did me the honour of intrusting to my command hai been attended with entire success, and that tha daring invasion of this territory from Oude has beeo signally punished. "' I arrived at Hutgoan last evening at dusk, where I was joined by Ca ptain Johnson's troop of the 12th Irregular Horse (40 in n-mber). As they bad marched 24 miles, and were in need of rest, I halted until about half-past 1 am., when we had the advantage of moonlight to pursue our march to Koondhun Puttee, where we arrived at daybreak. "i' The Oude rebels having been apprised a little previously of our advance, had fled precipitately to their boats, about half-a-mile off. I ordered the cavalryunderCaptain Johnson and LieutenantHave lock to pursue them, and followed up myself with all practicable speed with the infantry and guns. We found the cavalry had driven the enemy into their boats, which were fastened to the shore, and werd maintaining a brisk fire on them from the bank above. On the arrival of the detachments of Her Majesty's 5th Fusileer3 and 64th Foot, under Captains Johnson and Turner, the fire of our musketry into the densely crowded boats Wasv mos; telling, but the enemy still defended themselves to the utmnost, until the guns under Lieutenant Gordon opened fire, when the rebels instantly threw themselves, panic-stricken, into the river. Grap3 was now showered upon them, and a terrific fusillade from the infantry and cavalry was maintained until only a few scattered survivors escaped. Their number appeared to be about 300. Previously to their plunging into the river they threw their guns overboard and blew up one of their boats, which had been boarded by a party of infantry, whereby, I regret to say, one mail of Her Majesty's 5th was kIlled and ten more or less injured (of whom five were Europeans and five natives). All the officerg mentioned above distingulshed themselves highly, and the conduct of the men was all that could be desired. " ' Lieutenant Impey, of the Engineers, and Mr. Volunteer Tarby have likewise, by their zeal and usefulness, merited my thanks and commendation. "'VINCENT BYRE, Major, Co-anding Bield Force. "'PS. Having heard of another party of rebels at a ghaut higher up the river, I have despatche I the cavalry to reconnoitre.' " " BENARES, SzEP. 20. "Generals Outram and Havelock report from 1 Cawnpore on the 19th, at 6 p.m., that the troops crossed that morning without opposition, skirmishing only with advanced posts. " Letters from Lucknow of the 15th or 16th report all well. The assault of th a 5th was repulsed with great loss to the assailants. " All quiet in the Punjab. "From Rewah nothing fresh. "Yesterday evening HerMajesty's steam line-ofbattle ship Sanspareil, 0 guns, hauled into the moorings astern of Her Majesty's corvette Pearl, at the Esplanade off the Fort. This is the first lineof-battle ship we remember anchoring at Calcutta since Admiral Watson's time, who sailed to Chandernagore in his flagship." "ASSAM. " As expected, the mutiny has extended to Assam. Some tea factories are said to have been burnt by the mutineers. We have not heard whether the revolt was attended with any loss of life. The following is from a letter dated Gowhatty, September the lst:- "'We have heard bad news this morning from UJpper Assam,which will turn out to be correct. The Sepoys have become disaffected, and several tea planters have left their plantations, and comn down to this station; five came in this morning.'" The following is from Ghazeepore, dated 8th September.- "We have been so very dull of late; nothing o interest stirring to induce me to send yoa my -usual budget. The steamer Megna with a flat in tow, containing the 27th Madras Native Infantry, arrived yesterday at noon, and proceeded up again about 5 o'clock p.m. The steamer Bombay came in this morning." "The following Is an extract of a letter written by a cavalry officer at Cawnpore, dated 3d September:- I" ' The news we have from Lucknow is very good; wehaveoften communication with them. Amancam) in yesterday; they are all as jolly as they can be under the circumstances; they appear to have plenty to eat, though no luxuries. Fighting goes on daily of course; but there is no chance of a furthe' assault, as the niggers got such a lesson last time. I hope we shaU relieve them before the 25th, certainly We have now, I should think, 1,600 Europeans. Th cavalry only numbers 80, but is to be made up to 100. We have a battery of horse and one of foot artillery, and six 24-pounders, drawn by elephants, beside. some mortars; and when the 90th and 5th join us as they will about the 12th or 15th, we shal be abiE to give the blackguards somethinct they do not ex pect. I feel, and indeed we all feel, very hopeful o Lucknow. The people are gradually turning toward us; they begin to see it is only a Mahomedaai affair, which would not sit them. A Mr. anlI Mrs. Probyn and two children came in two day. ago from Futteyghur, and also a Mr. Edmonstone they have been staying with arman in Oude named Hurdar Bux, who brought them in himself, and I ready to joIn us whenever we make a movemen into Rohilcund. He says that nearly all th Hindoos will join us willingly when they see ua ad vancing." C5 A letter from Haveloclks camp states that ' two of the mutineerregiments have sent in to the General offering to lay down their arms if their lives wer spared; the raply was that no overtures from aay rebels could be entertained, but that if they gavo5 ocular demonstration of their sincerity, that is by fighting their brother mutineers, their case would be taken Into consideration.'" "The following is from Hyderabad:- "' TheMohurrum has pased, and there has beea-i no disturbance. Salar Jung paid devoted attention to provide security for the residency, by postin t numerous guards within the city and in the suburo' between it and the residency, and at all places of great resort. Shumshool O(mrah, on the last day of the ceremonials, had the rear of the residency occupied by a guard of I50 horse and foot to prevent insurgents from the city making a detour upon the residency from that side. The politic aI effect of this not very strong support was good; it showed that this respectable man was with us. The residency has been fortified, in a manner, ana they were prepared with their means, such as t.hey were, to make a stout defence." The EBnglishsnan has received a private letter from Huzzareebaugh, dated the 6th of September, which affirms that a body of Santals had assembled at a place called Mandoo. A detachment of the RamghurCavalrywas sent out againstthem. The Sautals were found some 300 strong, besieging a house in which were from 30 to 40 people. The Santals bolted on the appearance of the Sowars, but a few prisoners were taken, and some three or four killed. GYA. " BErTaBzE 10. "Since my last (Gya has been in trouble ; the 5th Irregular Cavalry, after damaging Nuwada, the station of a deputy-magiBtracy in the Behar district, marched to Wuzeargunge, about L-lght miles to the east of Gya,
B'EDROOMand -ITING OMto be LET, ~ARiS-To b LET,on a term from Octobor. I i lar ado splendid AFAaTR I?, with dtahleandoa" Plc d a 4elinie, No. 7. j ERMYNSTREET0 Gentenrn and Members t)of Parliamnent-& DR&WING Room FLO)ORtoi Uowv'acant, arsltgofthe roms, with water closet on the ii -me floor. Goo atdac and hltem modrate. ApplY to Mfr. Porter, 108 as ab),ov.I TEWGATE.STREET, ~near Gi1ltspur--areet-~ho 'UPPER PART of a, oonvenient HOUS N. adapted for irofessinnat Offices,lI~manufacturing busngia,lo or reseientce. For pa-r. iicsir.rs apply tot. Jones. 27, M.ft-8 ee Ob'hp4e-d ECO BLOOMSBURY-SQUARRE--To be ~LET, ufr Bniahed, the UPPER P&RT! of a large Hiou.Sa, consisting Of nine noons. together with a kitchen Ons busement floor. Apply to A&r. Mli. uDholsteyer, 21. Bedford-street, Oovent.g.srd-. B* EI$'ET&BLE FURNISEAATM Td R for aSinagle gentleman, 8ugogd drn Th a nton l to a Railway Station. 10 minutes' frmLns.Fr ad ove inquire of Mr. Porrist bookseller, 42. ig.te.t etod CENTLBEMEN wishingfoAPi ETscnb aEccommodated with abhack drawigro n bed room over. T-wenty nilnufes' walk fromn the city.Tes 7sO pr -week. Apply to H. B., 21, RIver.dterrace. Ralem.tton ATOMembUers of Pariment.- E Ald,having an elegantly, FURNISHiED RO1,;aE In the aboye tasbionable locality, wishes to LET PART of tt. Address 0. B., 34, Wtstbourne-place. Eatonscquare. 10 bo, LET at 28 P.rkstreet, Cmo.on LFIRT FLo~R,unfum~iseo.An extr bed room if reQuir. d Pleasantly situate, near the Regent's-park. The advyeittiem's o'wn bouse. Attendanoe if required. tE RGE.STR_E Hanover-square.T beLT G a second-floor 51TdG OO,wt bed ruoomajiigI private family. suitable irasnl ayo slea,Trsst1, per wetk. Betrreocea eurd drs .B,pa-fue rtn street. Bond-street. tverreligble PARTIRET, InPan,for the coDnilg wintDer. wishto ET hem Thy cnih ofdraingroom, dining room, div bedroos, nd es-ant' aartent, ad aemoat des"t7ratuysiate. orPatcarapl meIeltoAH, 14, Ssanhope-place, St. HAMBERS, F-urnished.-A very desirsable SET, cmidgtwo rooms. to he LET, at L15 per annuma. The furhilsre.abot £0. o b sod. P~l tothehousekeeper, New Ole- ClHIEI~S-P~j~ New Club hmes 0 lling-streek, corer ol: St.'Jazesis-atreet.T eLT nti ferahle situation, severaa OHAMIiERS and UTSo l&L BElts, oppst Arthur's and Co.servative Cus l ae,rie servante' attedance, kc., included In the rent. )A1JLMALL-SUIT of iIAMBERS of auA. erlr petesios ad acomodaion releantly Furnished aud perfctlypriate,andfromther poitin emnenly adapted for the occuatin o a oblmanor mmbe ofpariamnt.For cards apply ALBANY, Piccadilly and Stiabll-g.7-A ve-ry plea- sfant SETof OaAMBBialdotnbis fihionable beauity,tlobeLET ,with three,.stall eable.coarh.houre, ,ad servauts' rooms over, in Dover yard. Or the staikliny and chambersmay be had separately. Apply zt the Bcretary's office, 5, Court-yard, Albany, between 10 and 4 daily. FFiICE, 28, Moorgate-streot.-To be LET, a O$single OPTICS, mos, light and airy, with a good approach. Bent4£2'erannum. Apply to Mr. Weston, on thepremises. ObFFICES, in the city, Furnished, close to the Ba_uk, tbeLE,consting of two good rooms on the second dloor, fitdu sceksofce and private, room. Bent 45 uieas a yeIar. Appytothe housekce'ere, 7, Pope', Eead-alley, Cormii O FIOR6.-Threadneedle-street, city.-Extentv-e 0GROUND FLOOR FREIUSES area abont S 0MO feet fitted with excellent strong rooms ; a"Dated for a large est;ZLushme0t. For particulars alpply to Mr. Jones. estate agent, 27, M'ilk-atreet, Cheapside, Xv.. OFFICES to be LET, Potultry.-Mr Lck 11s n 0 structed to LET a SUITE of capio lgtadouolert Os'?ICES, in this commanding thoroughfr,wl adpe ooidtoe,merchants. and otherm Bent mdrat.Priuast his ofcs 10. Buckierabury, Obeapsido, B.C.,toersfm Sue. 11,035E.l N.B. A. Mt of offices and businesspm ie to be letin vwariouspuari of the city may be had on appliclo at the offoce ats above. -DESIDEN CB ATD at a farm-house, wilth pr"l ,v`,egu of Shootn-Y Z., My. Heed's, John-m-stet, Ox- .,MALL COT.-AGE WANTED, to RN,'tt )~eall meadow, within 20 miles of Londn Addres ttn terms and other Particulars, to B. R.. pst.otice, Greenwich. Tro DRAPERS, Lrndlords, &O.-WANTED, n trayone T= NB SK or Premises suitable. State full partclrto.hurow,v Logton, Essex. ~.TORKE VEWINGTON.-WANT D, to P-UPl, ;SHAISE,. some small HOUSES, weekly or otberwise, near Higzh. street, Stoke Newington. Ful particulars and lowest price to boroen to Mr. Sa muel, news rooms, 00, Cheapslde. 'IN the NEIGHBOURHOODofGOOD~GJ-TR~.JB _1 -WA~NTED, two or mnore ROOMS, for tbs purpose of Sanday sa.d daily schcolr. Apply by letter to Mr. Bainbridge, 6, Tottenham. street, Fltzroy-sqtnare T1PREMISES, consistil3g Of subfstantlwaehte, J1. with entrance 'in a thoroughfare, WANTED in the city. Address, wos paid, ful particlars, W. A., Mr. J. C. flailed', 27, Leadenbali-street. rjO AGENTS and LA:NILORDS.-WANTED, to 'IL RENT, In a. tikly-povulated ipart of London, a small HOlUBE (shoot six or e Igt rooms), with shop ; or the totter only, with a onupls of rooms. Address A. Z., post-office, Nettinx-hill-gate. 1-HOUSE WANiTED, in Hyde-park-qae lrn LAdan-place,or immediate neighbourhtood,welurshdfia family, without children, for fouLr mouthc or longer.Erypeeso requIred. Addres to JH. B, Caklder's library, lituB -iet ye park. L"-ISO.A. HOUSE WANTED, In this loality;l J24to coontain tix bed and three sittlag rooms with the usual do-! muestic offies. A large garden or ground Indi-pensable. IBent not to exceed.Lii pe annum. Apply by letter to Mdr. W. Y, JenkinB, Admiralty, 8omerset-house, L-ondon. 'L'XOEHANGE.-The ad'vertiserben abouit to emJM rat,e, oilers for SALE some good FRBILD and LEASE- tODPROPERTY, and for whIch a. conieal potonto the price wonid be taken In maufactured god,a iaberteAustralIan market. Address Properly, 6, Eldon-strot, suy iy £~Labot £0,10 i th FUCB.SE f F EEHOLD or LE&iiE. HOLl PEPERY, n th meroplis topay a good pee oentago Houss o les thn £0 pr anum illnotdo.Apply, with full r-ar- monhly orweelytenants, whether In godrepiortewe,an tnencies. Mefrce Address A. B.,1,Bcd-tet Irutidings. B6d.Um..US."th cit, cntanig to o theesitingroos,four bed roms hkt-sn, Ar. coch-ous an stble an ma's oomover.Peur arnd kitcen ardn. ddrss prtiulas s A.B.,poat-jiie Hmton, rjv LA.ND and ESTATE AGENTS mund others.- TLWANTED,with possessoio at Uirristnam next, t-o PURCHAsE, or Best with olption of purchase. a small sempact NA-Ra of from 20 to W0 acres of good land. Miust be near a good market town or watering. place. The cotta re. fit for the accomnruodatlon of a genteel family, to contain ntrance-hal, two parlous,three orflour bedrooms, he. Near the sea prefarred. Full particulars in fl,st Inastnce to A. B., Yew Cott3re. Brckwetr. near Colelord. tiloestesshise. CHOOL PitEMISIsS WANTED, niear Lond, .. cpable of accomrinodrtishr from 40 to 50 boarders,beis family. Bentrmust not exceed £120 er annumn. Distance from town from 5tolimllce. IPreference will be given to a mansion whertsa gzentlemon's school hatbeen carried on before.anli,ff desred,a small inumberoftboarders would be taken and p.ddfor. APPly by letter to Betas, care of Mr. White. A3 Fleet-steect II INFU1MISHED detached RUEWNT~, %J in thorough repair, on the se&-coast, between Southampton and Bating, and wIthin two or three miles of a railway saltion; consisting of good drawing non, dinig oom, small library, four or five beat bed rooms, and servante' rooms, ktchens, coach-h .me and stable,with other cout-ohiioes, and two or thre acre, of land, at a moderate rental. Apply by letter. post Paid, with full partculars to T. B., port-office, Obriatchurch, Hantc. mo FAMILIES SEEKING HOUSES, in the T vicinity of Hyde-park and Kenaington-gardens.-Mr. CIEE respectfully invites an inspecion of his REGIfiTER of Furnised and un! unlshed hou.es, which cotntains, among others a few of the most desirable residences in that hraithy localfty.-Auctiou and estate office, 17, Upper Southwlrk-siret, (Ga mrbridge-square Hyde-park. r 'lo ho LBT,inth Por-ad Wandsworth.road, an .Leigt-roomed HiOUSE wihgadnn ideentrance, Bent ga5 Inanr at 2, C laremont-torc,Wnsnt.ed ri-O be LE,Funhe the whole -or part -of a .ol eigst-roomed tiOUliE situat 12, Wilson-place, North-gate, Ie-. geo.t's.park. S t. Jo hn's-woo.TTrm moderat. -mu be LET, anegtroomed HIOUSE, 8, Morti-merJ.terace U pper entih-t-own. Good garden aLnd view. Omni-l buse pars i the Sank. Bent;£33. Apply to fAir. Seeker, or toMr Nsshl, 51, John-sreet, Iroy-equsre. FflO be LET, near Eaton-square, a goo~d newly ~FUlL-~ N-InSHED HOUSE-a gooa dining room, drawing room, four go.jd bdrooms,wtth cooking and attendancoe. Bent 31 guineas a week. Applyto ir.Bicnel, cemit, H8. Ebucy.street. rro be LET, inSt.Pees-q re Hnmrmti .Z TO em-dtahd eight-romdtOS~ ihfotadbc aresmocdeairable reseidecs wtifvemnute'wl fba ndomnibus. Apply a t 9, St. Pe ter's-souare, and e Ieetstet 0 't be LET, a first-mate COMMERCI~AL IXNNand TFAMILY HOTEL, isituate in a lending thoroughfare In the city of Oxford, quite free For further Partimnlars aPPly to AIr. Johnton, auclioneer. Castse-etreel, Beading. TI IO be LET, immediately, a elightful £EtSIJL DENCE, or the Furniture to be mold, i h rnhsye iut In the best part of Ielicgton, consistigo fiebdrom n ho sitting rooms, ho. Terms very moderate.AdrspeonlyM. E,,mss, auctioneer, 15. HIghi-street, lalingten. rI't he ET,a resptectable eigtroe RE - .m..DESICE,w th xtnsive workshops at thre,trefloshgi Ti 10 e ET,unfrnsbe, te EMAINDER of A. te HOSE, 5. onnaght.errce Hde-prk(the parlous floor belg a aris's tudo) sosisl ofbasmet, irs,eecond, and third Inqimirs as above.e. A.buit mi-rooed RUSE,fittd wih evry requisite onnei -liaitilysitateon ravllysoi. I a ag lsrpet*Aable neighbour. persnalyto S. G.. Rms olg,Wlnrnre,lo.os-o to Mr. Blk,69, Fencusboraet TI Yb E,asmidtce O SE, ~8,Beainont. ale paeShps'shsM, et pleasantly situate. in a very "Opeet. ableneihorod he ie o h Marble Arch, Hyde-park, continin drwing dinng,fou lfybdrooms, and convenient domoestiofce;ecletosbosan three-estajled stable. The wholei] opeerpir adnbc n frekt. Rent 40 guinea.g 0i~ be LET, an old-ettablished tbUSINESS,care T.on as a frulterer, greengrocer, and florist's, with a large familly c'onnexion. Will uit any One looking for a good binines andcon-. tortable dwelling-house, with handsome large shop, and plateglas tiont. The wholo to be let as it stands, wish the lease, a horse and cr.rt, vAn and stock, as the Present Proprietor is leaTvIn business. A anonib's trial allowed. For partcutas apply at the ]t3tord ooffee, bouse near the Bedford Arms, Clapbam-roadi. 0 GROERSand TEADEALERS.-To be LEBT, T iadetrsely poPulated neighbourhood, a BUSINE$8 in the' sbove ifne, doing a good re-money trade. Coming-In about £250 Apply by le tter toLA B., 1 5, Brdes-house-plac e, N wi gton cuaueway. T I UPHOLSTERERS, House Agents, and AucTtloneers-West-end Tradc.-For DISPOSAL. In consequence of the ill-healoli of iha proprietor, a very proftable CONCERBN situate In akn increaslag and repectable localIty. Particulars of Messrs. *rsen end Son, auctioneers, 110. Hlatton-garden, B. 0. rl'1 HOEL,Tavemnkeepers, and o thers.-Mr. J. J. J gMIn lstructed to DISPOSE OF, An o d-eslabllshed and wellfrersuented HOTEL and TAVERN, which bar been conducted by the 5~fie amiy, or vatnmhe ofyeas, ituteIn the best Part of the busestt&Yilihfrein onon.havngiherae advantage ot a retail wit ard isst dpatmet,whih b aslihtontlay might be made a soure o inclcuabl benfit A easewil betfl.d for a long term. as amodeate sut.A ne~s,lmamin ethied a h netoyro
ONPY-MARKEITand CITY INVTELLIGENCB. Wednesday Evening. Tho one day later advices from New York this morning fully confirm the anticipations expressed yesterday regarding the effect of the bank suspensions. No niew failures are announced. One or two of the most important houses that had previously stopped bad resumed business under an extension from their creditors. The rate of exchange on England had advanced from 100 to 108, and in all the principal speculative stocks there had been an average recovery of 10 per cer.t. This result, moreover, had taken place before there had been time to perfect in any way the arrangements necea5ary to the working of the new order of affairs. The banks, for instance, could not make any general expansion, because they had not yet agreed as to the mode and proportion in which they would receive each other's notes. Specie was stiUl required at the clearing-house for their respective balanceas at the end of each day, and hence each was afraid to put out notes lest the others should not do so to a similar extent. Practically therefore the only aid the merchants had yet received consisted in the relief from increased pressure, and in the conviction that the restoration of mutual action among the several banks in all parts of the State would remove the paralysis which had rendered it impos sible for remittances to be made or produce to be transported from one centre of business to another. The Metropolitan Bank, the third in the list as regards the amount of its deposits, and two others of considerable magnitude had already notified that they would receive at par the notes of all the legitimately organized banks in the State, and a meeting was to be held on the evening after the departure of the present advices to bring about harmonious action in this respect. Upon that point being arranged, and a decision adopted as to the extent to which each bank should be permitted to expand its circulation, the transactions of commerce might be expected to return to their ordinary channels, and, as delay, would be fraught with mischief, it may be assumed that all parties would act with promptitude. The Fulton, therefore, will probably bring intelligence on Friday that the entire note issues of the State of New York are again performing the functions of currency. This effected, the exchange transactions with other States will simply depend upon the estimate entertained of the security of their individual banks, and of the period at which such of them as have suspended may be expected to resume specie payments. Inthe case of the Pennsylvanaian banks the discount seems at the last date to have been 6 percent. These quotations wiU vary from day to day, but business wiU adapt itself to them with perfect ease and regularity. Throughout the Union, therefore, there will again be complete facilities for the movement of merchandise and the settlement of accounts. On the questioa of the course of exchange between Europe and America the view Is equaly clear. When the New York note circulation shall have been legalized as a tender no one will want gold, except for the purpose of exportation or hoarding, and any remittances from this side would therefore 3nevitably result in loss. Supposing the paper issues of the banks, which are aU based on the security of State stocks, to be kept, as there is little doubt theywill be, within limits not exceeding the actual requirements for carrying on the internal trade of the country, this paper will be maintained at par-that Is to say, it would be taken for its equivalent in English soverigns or American eagles. If, on the other hand, it should be issued in excess it would fal to a discount as compared with gold or bills on London, and the result would be that English sovereigns and gold generally wouLld flow to this side. With the excess of paper issues prices would nominally advance and importatlon of foreign goods be again stimulated. The holder of gold would not pay it to his neighbour, because he could legally discharge his debt by banknotes, but would take it to a moneychanger, who would give him in these notes a number of dollars, perhaps, equivalent 'o 21s. or more for every sovereign. This gold would thea be sold by the money-changer to persons having payments to make to England, and the process would go on until the country had been thoroughly drained of aU lits specie. The idea that henceforth bullion can be profitably sent to America is therefore simply absurd. Such an operation could not take place unless the ineonvertible note circulation of New York were to stand at a higher value than gold itself. It is true that gold might be sent out by houses on this side to buy up bills drawn upon themselves, and which, owing to their being in discredit, had become purchaseable greatly below par; but the method would be clumsy, even in a transaction of this kind, sinee they could pay the gold to some London house of unquestioned standing and so obtain a New York credit which would be just as available. The conclusion consequently is that, supposing al the arrangements for legalizing the existing suspension to be duly carried out, the flow of bullion will, in the course of a month or two, find again its natural channel, and, instead of passing from London to New York, will come from New York to LJondon. Almost all the American payments from America to India and China are made through this country, and the mining wealth of California likewise is expended in the purchase of European goods. There is constantly, therefore, a natural balance due to us from the United States, and an alteration of this condition of affairs must at all times be utterly anomalous. For the present the return to a normal condition will be delayed by the enormous amounts of English capital lately authorized to be drawn for at New York for investment in American seeuzities at their depreciated prices; but this effect will be merely temporary, and it will tend, moreover, greatly to facilitate the revival of stability in that city, anad to maintain its note currency at par value. Hence there will be no danger of hoarding, and the banks between now and the 5th of April will have not the slightest difficulty in recovering whatever stock of bullion may be requisite for them safely to return to cash payments. Under these circumstances there will be good hope that a majority of those among the firma lately broken by tens and hundreds who have previously conducted their business on honest principles will be able to resume, and that the ultimate prospects of creditors on this side wvil prove far less gloomy than has been recently apprehended. This will be a point to test the honour of the American mercantile community. In Massachusetts there are stringent bankruptcy laws, but there are none in New York, and any house that has suspended can easily force its creditors to any kind of settlement. If the recovery from the crisis should be characterized by a faithful resumption of obligations, the credit to the community will be proportionably strong, and, judging thus far from every communication received, there is not a single sign that an opposite course is likely to be pursued. The funds opened this morning with a rather unBsttled appearance, but some steady purchases caused a considerable improvement, frc.n which there was ultimately a reaction, in consequence of an announcement by the Liverpool Borough Bank that their arrangements with the Bank of England not having been yet comapleted business will not be resumed till further notice. Consols for money, which left off last evening at 88i to i, were first quoted 88i to Q. From this they advanced to 89, and the final operations were at 88j for money and 88 for the 10th of November. Loans on Consols were readily obtainable throughout the day at per cent. Bankl Stock receded in consequence of a considerable sale to 205 to 207; Reduced closed at 871 to 88; New Three per Cents., 88 to i; India Bonds, 40s. to 30s. discouat; and Exchequer-bills, 15s. to 10s. discount. In the discount-market and at the Bank of England to-day the demand was very active. The failure of the negotiations with the Bank of Englpnd for the support of the Liverpool Boroagh Bank has been caused, not by anywithdrawal on the part of the Bank of England, but from the refusal of the other Liverpool establishments to give the guarantees originaly agreed upon, the plea of these parties being that the temporary stoppage of the bank has removed the chief inducement for them to come forward. They are willing to give their notes as a collateral security to meet any deficit after the realization of the bank assets, bat not to come under any more immediate and direct liability. The Bank of England, however, couldnot depart from the conditions Iirst stipulated, which alone were legitimate. The negotiations therefore terminated, and, from the notice issued to-day by the Borough Bank, it is to be inferred they are not likely to be renewed. The disaster will prove most serious, but it will fall at the moment chiefly on the depositors and ultimately on the stockholders since there can be little hope that under a forced liquidation any great portion of the capital of l,000,0001. can be saved. The shock to the commercial community will, it is believed, be much mitigated by a course which the Bank of England wiU take for that purpose. Ordinarily the Bank refuse to discount any paper bearing the endorsement of a suspended establishment, but it is understood that in the present case this rule will be waived, and that no bills of a sound character, endorsed by the Borough Bank, wiU be rejected on that account. A great mass of paper will thus be prevented from becoming practically inconvertible. The total commitmelnts of the Borough Bank, in the shape of endorsements, &c., are rumoured to amount to more than 3,000,0001., but a large portion is of an indirect character, and wil be duly provided for by responsible parties. The deposits, which recently amounted to 1,500,0001., have latterly been reduced, it is said, to about 1,000,0001. Many of these having been lodged by persons for the sake of permnently securng a high rate of interest, the inconvenience of their being temporarily unavailable will be less felt than if they had belonged to traders in active business. It is affirmed that the investigation which must now take place into the affairs of the Liverpool Borough Bank wiU develope a most unsatisfactory system of management, and show th%t advances have been made to individuals of amounts which could not fail in any period of pressure to lead to fatal consequences. The last report of the bank, a copy of which is annexed, announced a reduction of the rate of dividend from 7 per cent, to 5, in consequence of the winding up of the affairs of 1854 (rendered memorable by the failure of Mr. Oliver and others), but added that the business of the bank was uisimpaired, and that certain changes about to be made in its policy and regulations would prevent similar losses for the future:- "REPORT OF TErE DIRECTORS TO THE PROPRIETORS. "According to the last report, the paid-up capital of the bank was 900,0001., and the reeerve fund was 101,775 10s. lid. " Since that date two calls of 11. per share have been paid upon the new shares. making the capitl 1,000,000. £ S.d. The not profita of the pst year, after ament of all ex- penaes of managemen. ad after deducting A45,525 2S. Id. for )ossm by bad debta Incurred dwing the sume period amount to .62,18 12 8 Appropriated ae folows::- 3Siper cent. dividend upon £950,000 .. .. £3S,260 0 0 2j per oent, dividend npon £1,000,000 25.00 0 0 Froperty.tax paid by the bank. . 3,629 6 s 61879 6 S Bance ced to eOsree tand .7,439 6 0 "Nearly the whole of the losses above mentioned have been caused by the frauds of a customer. " In winding-up the affairs of 1854, a year which it is well known was most disastrous to those customers of the bank who were engaged in the colonial shipping trade, heavier loss has been sustained in the realization of the s-sets then taken over by way of security and in the liquidation of estates then oonsidered good, than could possibly have been anticip ted. "T e directors have thought It their duty at once to reduce the dividend to the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, on the grounds that, taking even the most favourable view of the liquidation of these aecounts, the whole of the reserve fund vill be required to mneet the losses incurred ; and that on the other hand, taking the most unfavourable view consistent with probabiity, thegood current business of the bank will, in their opinion, be sufficient to admit of the regular continuanoe of the dividend, without encroaching on the capital at the same period in the coming year. "In laying this statement before the shareholders the directors desire strongly to impress upon them that its un. satisfactory character is to be attributed to the affairs of 1854, and thrt, apart from these, the sound and legitimate business of the hank would have enabled It to pay the ordinary dividends, and also to add largely to the reserve fund, notwithstanding the losses that have been incurred subsequently to that year. They wish also to state their confident expectation that the change they are makig i n the polcy and regulations of the bank will effectualy guard against the recurrence of similar results. I hMr. Smith having stated to the directors that his health would not longer permit him to undergo the labour of conducting the details of the maner's duties, and having in consequence requested to be relieved from his office, they have with reluctance complelt with his wish, and have made arrangementS that Mr. Thomas Sellar, who is in every respect eminently qualified for the post, shall, from the 1st of August neit, assume the position of manager. ar. ISmith has,a the request of the directors, consented to take Ia place at the beard, and to continue to give the bank the aid of his valuable assistance. " WITLLIAM RATHBONE, Chairman!" In the published accounts fromn Manchester this morning ft is remarked that a bank at Glasgowi is said to have suffered largely, "and will have to wipe off nearly half a million of money in bad debts." That enormous losses have been sustained in that quarter, through the reckless discount of a mass of accornmodation paper, has been known for some weeks past; but it is now stated, apparently with confidence, that the institution in question will be furnished with all requisite aid by other and more solid establishments to carry It through all its engagements. The belief, however, is that an ultimate winding-up is among the conditions on which this assistance has been agreed to. With regard to the final safety of the noteholders and depositors there could not have oeen the smallest doubt, even if help had been totally withheld, since the individual wealth of the proprietary Is estimated at not less than 5,000,0001. or 6,000,0001. The foreign stock-market has been rather active, but the highest prices of the day were not maintained to the close. Turkish left off rather better, and a bargain was marked in Swedish at 82, being 1 per cent, below the last transaction. Brazilian Five per Cents, were negotiated at 99g, i, and 100; Buenos Ayres, 81 and 1; Mexican, 19 and 18S Portuguese, 43 and -; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97* and 97; Sardinian, 90; Swedish, 82; Turkish Six per Cents., 87 , i, ~, and i; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 97 and j; and Datch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 63. The corn-market this morning was dull at the decline of Monday. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 80c. for money and 66f. 75c. for the end of the month, showing a decline of an eighth. Another parcel of 50,000 half-imperials (42,0001.) is about to be remitted from St. Petersburg, in addition to that transmitted several days back and now overdue. The Rhuddersfield letters state the suspension of Messrs. Thornton, Huggins, Ward, and Co., of that place and Manhester, with liabilities for 500,0001. in the American trade. Several other American houses would be severely tried, but it was expected they would get through; and there seems a general disposition on the part of all strong establishments to encourage confidence and to a-sist those who have been unexpectedly struck by the New York crisis. At Maanchester Messrs. Charles Smith and Co., in the muslin trade, are stated to have been brought down in connexion with the difficulties in Glasgow. The financial details from India to-day are not unsatisfactory, At Bombay the import-markets had become active at higher prices, and there was a better demand for Government securities. At Calcutta some persons seemed to anticipate that the fall of Delhi would, in less than a month, be fol. loweed by an extraordinary recovery in al departments of business, but the dissatisfaction felt at the political conduct of the Government is desribed to be universal. It is stated that the sum borrowed by the Indiahouse to provide for the silver remittances about to be made to Calcutta is 750,0001., of which 500 0001. has been obt4ined from the London and Westminster Bank, and 250,0001. from another bank. A further sum of 250,0001. is intended to be raied. The loans, it Is said, are upon India-bonds for two years, at 6 per cent. At a meeting of the Royal MaS Steam Packet Company this afternoon, Captain C. E. r4nles, MLP. in the chair, the report and accounts were adopted unanimously, and a dividend declared for the past half-year of 21. per share, free of incometax. The chairman, in alluding t) the new service to Australia, expressed his conviction that through diligence and strict punctuality the company's ships wfill be selected to bring all the gold shipped for Eagland. The Taamar opened the line on the 12th of September, and a steamer will continue to be despatched monthly. With regard to the contemphlted route vii Panamatheiragenthas brought proposals whichlcould not be accepted without considerable modification, but it is not proposed to consider the question at present. From the late disturbances in India the Government naturally preferred the eastern to the western route, and, as many of the company's vessels are employed in the transport of troops, the directors think it better for the moment to lay mside the Panama scheme. At the last meeting the proprietors expressed their wish that an amalgamation should take place with the Australian Royal Mail, and the board propose to apply to Parliament for a new Aot. A proprietor having complained of the increase in the expenditure for coals, it was explainedl that this arose partly from increased cost and partly fron the larger size of ships employed. A motion that a hundred guineas be given to the Indian Relief Fund met with some discussion, and an amendment giving twice the sum was negatived. The resolution was Snally passed with one dissentient. The proposition accepted by a meeting of creditors of Messrs. Rosw, Mitehell, and Co., on the 23d, in London, has been agreed to at a meeting held at Glasgow last Monday.
TRADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. SUGAR~.-The prices to-day at public auction are equal to the current rates Of suga sellwng privAWTe' during the week. The buying is maore general, and there was no difficulty in dispcalng of nearly the whole of 800 hogsheads and 400 boxes Caba muscovado-viz,, good at 45s. to 46s, Od. - imiddling, 42a.to 44s.; low brown. 40s. to 41s. xL ; 50A InerIor, 36g. 6d. to 39g. 760 bags Penang partly sold, brown 38s.to 39 ; but 180 pdate were withdrawn, and also 9,00 bag unclaed vertransactions are reprte prvaelyviz, ,61 boesyellow Havannab, No. 2toI2~ laned t 4s. 6.foBritol ; 760 boxes on the pot a~4]s to43s; ad 60 hds.of West Indlia (re. sale). n te opn iark~ ony 6 blds. of West India CoFzxM.-84 casks 67 barrels and bags of plantation Ceylon sold at steady rates. BiCL.-There 'was one auction of 131 casks of Carolina, 500 baps cleaned BAngoon, and 277 bags of BengaL, that were takren in for want of buyers. Privately a large business has been done, low prices having been submitted to-vi7.,low Coring& Madrais, 16,000 bags at 8s. 6d. and 8s. 9d. 6,00 bag of angon, o goo quaity,at Os. 6d. ; and 3,40 bas o Begal at Os.andus.9d.for middling to T~u..ow.The arkt issteay todayat 56s. Gd. to 9d. onthspot 56s 3d foraUtbyearan57g. for January
THE COORN TIPDE. OOR?-EXOHA1GE, 1ILU"-LA-Ny, WXDNESDAY, OOr. 28. The suPDly this week of EInglieh wheat ud tloar 1s moderte, bnt of other articles inmited. Irish oat are a good eupply. Forelyu wheat and barle hlberaL Oats, again, very lure, with very lttie flour. Thewheat trade to-day Is extremely dull and It is difficult to say to what extent the Ples or thi3 artJcle Ls reduced, but les money must be taken If salee are forced. Barley dull. and Partakes In a great neasure of the general deproasion of thi morket. Of oats the oontinued large asrival again this week with an unuually large supply of Irishw will most probably. by Friiay next. depre price to the extent of 2L to ls. ou the curreat week. lour in the same dull state aa on Moaday hit. In beaus and peas no marerlal cauge. AParVALs s our, ango I,4A masa ; irA foregn 30 sack u nd ,160 banels. Malt, 1,450 qcr TULL, Ocr. S7. The wether during the week hag been mild for the season, A good deal of rain hba fallen, and the oondiatoa of the tew wheat Is much deteriorated. Ant-als of wheat and bsrl' have been larger than for some time past. Of othe decptiona Ot grata the imDortaou h beea comDpatlvely small. "The wheat trade since our last," tay5 Binney and Oo.'s Ciroular, has been much depresed. The uctistisactory state of monetary affairs cans caontraction of business, and cation appears to be the order of the day. Millera and deaers havo been enabled to supply their Iminediate wants at a decline of 15. to 2s. per quarter oa the fioest descriptions, while reoondar qusatlea are offered in vain at 2. to Ss. per quarter reduction. The report, apparently without foundation, that the French Goverument Intend to permit the export of wheat and flour bas bad some effect, and seema to bave caused a sort of temporary panic tn Mark-lane yegterday; but, with the present extenseve oonsumptiU ot lour, greatly increased by the injury done to the potato crop, and taking also Into aocount the flourlshing condition of the agIcultura lnterest, we cannot see that it Is at aU probable any fauther permanent reduction can take place In the value of grain unlees there should be ctiU greater stringency in money matters; and even then we doubt not, from the bone fide nature of operations of late so far sa oorn is conoerned, that the ordeal would be pmsed without causing further depression than exits at present." At to-ds's market there was a smnaU upply of Englisb wheat. Farmers would not submit to the required reduction, and the lIttle bauinees that emsued was at Is. to 2g per qutarter below leet weok'e rates. Foreign not generally pressed, although some parcels were taken off at Irregular rices, Springcornparticipstes in the general dulanes, ead all dspcrtp'ons were fuly Is. per quartr cheaper, with e draggLog retail sale. The following are the current quotations:-Engllsh vheat, old white, 6. to e2s. Der quarter: old red, 52s. to 56a.; new white, 56s. to 60s.; new rod. 4. to 52s.: Dantaic, Konigsberg, &c.. 56 .to 62s.* Datchand Belgium. 56g. to 58g.; Baltic and Ha*mburg, 48a. to 52s. Danish and Holstein, 8se. to 290.; Petersburg and Rigs, 4SB. to 52g. English malting barley, 48s. to 5g., ginding, 35g. to 37s; Basa and Oderbruck, 37g to 42g.: Holitein and Daish. t5s. to lOLs; grinding. 32a, to 14g.; Euglish ots, old, 28B. e32B. new, 260s to 25g. ; foreign, 12d. to l14d. per stone. Engilsh beans old, S e. to 50s.;* new, 44g. tO 40.; forelgn, 43d. to 45g.: Euglih peas, 40<. to650a.; foreIgn breakers, Ush. to 48<.; grInding, 43s. to 44s.; seed tares, 40. to 44g.: inrelrngrinding, 34a tO 17s,; Indiancorn 15<. to 19<, feedlin lingeed, 60s. to 03g.; crushing. 62g. to 6!,. linsseed cakes illull, £10 10a. to £10 12a 6d.; foreign, £S. 10a. to £9; rape cakes, £0. 7s. 6d. to £0 tOe. :bonss. £0 t0a. to £7. I Lat official averages at if I :-Wheat. Ia. 9d1. Der quarter; barley, 42,bean, 4Th.; peas, 47r,. f41. SEfFFTELD. Oor. 27. At to-day's market tbere was a liberal supply of wheat, the bulk of which was ant of condition. Holderse eemed anxious to djspoe of their interIor wheats, but milers and factors refused to buy, and faw sales took pLace. The beet samnples of wheat maintained former rates, bAt thIferor quatitieadecitned d to I.per quarter, With the ebrsption ot beans, whih wyere easier to buy, no altheration front prooevs quotatonsocurred. Prmicsetoduay:-New wheat, white, 2tg. ad to IS.; red 17s tob22; beans, 12 sto 21s; peas, IO75 to 21s.; grinding barley Os. 36a to goldoata SOs. eo35r..; new cot lto 28sb. 3; Indiau ornm, 4 to 45a.; retal prices of floss, 2s., 23, wd., and fai i4h, per stone. At the rattle-market to-day there wag an average thow . brtb l qUnUetty and quality, of beasts and pigs. The market war, howecver, dull, and quotetions remained analtered. tionof cows eold at from I £18 eo £2; barren beasts, £I2 to £t6; h alves, the to 40.; store pins 12B.to eof 'porkaer. 7d eod eo 7B, 8d. per stone. The haY and straw lower.thabstDell supplied, eredfa god clearancewas effected ontst week's terms, HaYh£ 6y. tor£6; wheat straw, ,tg. to Bee. Gs,at straw, 40B.to a 0a ; turnips, le. to12B. 6<d. At Botherham fat cattle-mark;et yestierday there was a fsir show of beasts, but onlythe best maintained former rteg. Muntton without any altecration. Prices :-English beef, Tsa to 7s. 9L. ; foreIgn. 7a. to 7a 6d.L eg stoce; mutton, Sid. to 7jd. per lb. NE GCA BTLE, Ocr. 27. At toh y'e market there was amoderate show of wheat, and rather more tuhnem dene than ef late, at a reduction of es. per quarter. Barlcj s before; oat, ls to t s cheapefr. Other grain unlterea in At the cattlf market t todaythere was a good denrand for the better qaaltieso tbestsh atadeolinrofud. perstone; inferior animals stil lower. The best pens of steep were fully as dear as lat wreek; others In favour of the bayer. Pork witheut alteration. Beef, O. 01. to Ss. per stone; mutton, 0S}L to 75. GAINSBOOUGII, Ocr. 27. These was remarkably large show of wheatat the markedt here today, theinfec.or qualitier preponderating. The bee3t runs were not meals lower, hut other sorta underwent B, further decline. There was * Isrye show ofbarley, the quality of which geasrally wras not good, Prlres ranged from 40g h 4215, per quarter; prIme, 45a. Oate and beaus scarce, and made full prices,
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Wednesday Evening. The railway-markeb has been bioyant, and in most of the speculative descriptions an advance has taken place. At 4 o'clock Great Western aud Sheffield were exceptionally quoted below the prices at that hour yesterday, and South-Western and Eastern Counties showed no alteration. Canadian shares were higher, and Indian continue firm at the late improvement. In French there was little change; 'orthern of France slightly advanced, and Paris and Lyons were in demand for the settlement of the account. American securities were inactive; a further recovery took place in New York Central. No variation of importance occurred in mines, and only one transaction in Wheal Trelawney was officially marked. Joint-stock banks were again rather Siat, and City closed nominally at a decline of 11. In misceUaneous securities London Discount slightly receded; the final price of Australian Agricultural after official hours shows an advance of s30., caused by a statement that a dividend of IZ. will shortly be declared, and that the general prospects of the company have improved.
IAILWAY IRTELLIGBNCB. DERBSDM. The annual meeting of this company was held on Tuee. day at Aberdeen, Mr. John Duncan in the chair. The report stated that the accounts apply to the year ending the 31st of August last. On the capital account there has been espended durnng the year 5,9S331, making a total expenditure of 135,646l. The principal portion of that expenditure has been incurred in additions made to the rolling stock for the more eflicient nd economical working of the trafflc. The other itemis of expenditure are principally applicable to unsettled land cla2ms, additional works, additions and improvements to stations, and the subscription towards the extension to Aboyne. The revenue acoount ehows that the gro6s receipts from passengers amount to 7,1281.; from gooide and parces, leas cartage and expense of collection and delivery (820.), to 5,3971., which, with other reoeipts, makes the total revenue 12,8344 The worldng charges were 4,7451., which, with other items, bring up the espenditure to 6,061M, leaving a balance from revenue of 6,7734 The debeuture and other interest amounted to 1,6811., leaving a free sarplus on the year of 5,0921i Out of this gum the directors recommend pay. ment of the usual dividend of 5 per cent., vhich will amount to 4,151., leaving a surplus of 5761., which, added to the reserve of 6611., makes a total reserve of 1,237L The total increme on revenue as compared with last year (including cartaLes) amounted to 500. The free surplus on. the year is sufficient to pay a dividend of 51, per cent., and leave a balance of about 1251; but the directors deem ib prudent to restrict the dividend at present to 5 per cent. The working expenses are a little under those of Lst year end amount to nearly 37 per cent, on the gross revenue. A contract has been entered into with the Post-office authorities for the conveyance of the malls by the trains, commencing from the24th of July last. The contract for main, tenanoe of the line and works expired on the Istnat, ; and, on the recommendation of Mr. WIlset the company's engineer, the directors have resolved to retain the maintenaneo in thf ir own hands at present. The Bill for the extensdon of thf line to Aboyne received the Royalssent on the 27th of Juy last, and favourable contracts have been entered into for its construction. The works will be proceeded with immediately; and it is hoped that the whole of the line will be opened for trLffic within two years. The authorized share capital of the company is 1062 ,, of this 90.297b has been raised. Of the loan capital of 35,400b, 35,3651. has been ralsed,-12,5701 at 4 per cent.,and 22,7951. at 4.i per cent. The CHAnI-AN id It was gratifying to find that an unbroken train of prosperity was attending this railway. Not only were the directors now able to declare a dividend al the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, but also to put byasur. plus of 1,237l, Were they to take this latter sum into tho dividend they could give 52 per cent.; they preferred, however, to keep It to meet their italments of 5,0OOlK towards the extension of 12 niles to Aboyne. The working expenses of the line had been 37 per cent. n the revenue, which was almost as low as any railway 2Scotland. The plant was in a most efficient stLte, and by theiradditions lately made they would be able to meet the increased traffic which could not fail to arise on the extension. The traffic of the line, which in 1854, the first year, was 111 permile weekly, had now risen to 141. 10s. per mile a good mn dication of the progress of the undertaknug. FlOe concluded by moving the adoption of the report, and that a dividend at the rateof 6 per cent, per annum be paid to the shareholders, which was adopted. A special meeting ws afterwards held, when the working agreement between the Deedide Company and the directosr of the extension to Aboyne was read and agreed to. Tke meeting then separated. TRFFC RETURNS. Males %M. mer- Totas 11u.1L AUS P -rgld. ohan& M;t.I57. tam1. Week ending Oct. 17. a. AL . Edlnburgh nd Glssow IC , -m - t 199 6, D2 Seott shNorth-Eastern . - - 3,450 3,> Week ending Oct. 38, Great Northern 2S 3 . 3 - .. _ .. 26,14s .. 2g54 North Don .. 35 - .- North Staffordshir, 23 , - . - . 7, 6,94 Week ending Oct. 24. Cork and Bandon 3.. .. 0 _ - 299 . K Monkland .. . .. 1.606 1,401 Week ending Oct 25. Chester and Hotyheadt .. - - .. - .. 6,478 .. 6,474 London adNorth-Westernu 837 ., - .. - .. 5t490 .. 64.14 GreatWestemn .. .. - - .. - .. 29,692 .. 22,55 LondonandEouth.Wegtern - 10,352.. 4,5I .. 14.639 ..16,279 Newport,AbergMveucy,and Herefrd .. .. 4 - .. - .. .161 .. B2. Helen'. 1,6C Mancheter, I beffleld.L and Ltncolnshtre9 .. ink .. - .. - .. -1,053 10.011n I The above II exCIUelTO of "aMc due under aemont t London and North-Westarn Ritalwa OomrI. t including the earnip of the team to ad ot the Mom ssd Oarnarvon brauchseb I This return does not Include the traffie ef the HuddessMcld O&naj Shropshire Union, Prton and Wye South JmnaMon, and Mamchea tsr anud Buxtou ailatwavs. § Including half the Manchester, South Junction, and Altriukanl relpt, Grimsby D'ck dlutle. ks.. sed Ohesterfeld Canal roe'.Di.
THE COLONIAL SECRETARY AND TRE INDIAN MUTINY. On Monday last, at a meeting at Taunton, presided over by Mr. Kinglake, hLP., the author of Eothen, and at whioh 3r. Gore Langton, M.P., Mr. Arthur Mills, M.P., Mr. 19rjeaat Kinglake, MAP., and a considerable numoer of the local gentry were present, the BRight ioa. Henry Labouchere, MP., the Secretary of State for the Colonles took occasion, in a speech given below, to advert to the aUlengossing topio of the day, and to the determination of the Government to confront the rebellion and to reestablish the British rule in India. He also, as will be seen, irid i cated the duty of the Government not only to probe to the bottom the causes of the matiny, but likewise to re. view the whole system of Indian government, as weoU its clvil as its railitary organization, and added the expression of his belief that the Government were prepared to uader. take that duty. The occasion of the meeting waa the annual dinner of the Taunton and Sonierset Hospital. Mr. LABOUCBBRS, in responding to the toast of "the memrbers for the borough of Taunton," proposod by the chairman in a facetious speech, after some prelimiaary remarks in reference to the loccI occasion on which they were assembled procteded to say, that there he sbould have stopped, for he had always felt that was neither the oppor. tunity nor the time for entering upon topics which might savour of a party or political character; but a topic had been touched upon by his friend the chairman earlier in the evening, in proposing the army and navy, so stirring and of such universal interest at the present moment, that it WAs not only a matter of discussion wherever Englishmen met together on anything like a public occasion, but of so seriou a nature that Englishmen had found it impossible to restrain themselves from expressing their opinions and views upon the subject; he need not say he meant the disastrous state of affalrs in Indla. It was far from his intention to enter into any discuesion of the causes of that rautiny; btt he could not help saying-and he wras persuaded that he was not speaking his own sentiments only, but those of every man vho beard him, when he said-it was an honourable distinotion of the times in which they lived, that whatever party differenoes xmight exist among them, and whateverdivisions there were in England upon questions which arose suddenly ?moong them, in the face of any great public difficulty and danger they were united as one man. (Cheers.) English. mnor presented their closed ranks on all great occa. siOus of national peril, and whether it came upon them in the form of a foreign aggression or in the shape of this great Indian caiamity, they assumed the appearance of a noble and United pha. lanx. (Cheem) Those events bad exolted tn that town not only the interest they could not but all feel as English. men, but also a painful anxiety Among many families there who had been grievous sufferers by the calamity; and the horrors of It had been brought home to their bosoms by the sccounts of the unparalleled sufferings of their countrymen and countrywomen whilch they had received from time to time. He begged them to believe that the members of Her Majesty's Government were endeavouring to the best of their ability to discharge the great duty which devolved I upon them at this momentous crisis. At present It was their determination boldly to confront the danger, and to assert the law and authority of the British rule in that country. (Cheors.) They were all well aware under what circumstances the Indian insurreotion took place. Undoubtedly it took them by surprise; and for some time our countrymaon-a more handful of Inenwerer left to enter upon one of the most tremendous strmggles which we had ever had to encounter. The first assistance came from Englishunen, but not from England. There were, fortunately, in parts of the world nearer India than I England the means of sending succour to our countrymnen in india. It so happened that a large expedition was going to China under Lord Elgin, and Lord Elgin,with a promptitaide and energy which did him infinite credit, without waiting orders from England, as soon as he heard of the state of mtatters in India made the best ot his way rwith the troops to the scene of the disorder. (Cheers.) He (Mr. Labouchere) might also say, connected as he I vas with the colonies, that this country was under a deep debt of gratitude to the Governors of Ceylon, the Mauritius. and the Cape, for the timely succour and assistance afforded by them. His friend, the Governor of Ceylon, surr^unded by a large body of natives, at once despatched almost every 'European soldier he had in Ceylon in order to lend the most timely aid to the Governor of Bengal; and in like nuanner the Governor of the Mauritins sent off two regiments, the arrival of which in India he verily believed had theeffect of preserving the peace in the district where thoy landed whjlethe Governor of the Cape supplied a much largerforce. Xost fortunately, at the time when those events happened In India the danger of a great Caffre war was no longer immi. xent; Sir George Grey vras therefore enabled to send off four regiments to India, and he (Mr. Labouchere), hoped he 'would be able to contribute still further forces. He thought the conduct of the English colonists at the Cape was beyond a1l praise, c0u,ing forward and volunteering as they had done to perform garrison duty, besides conitributing money,to send the earliest and greatest amount of assistance at a time when no soldiers had yet arrived from England. (Cheers.) That fparful lnterval of apprehension and anxiety, he trusted, was now at an end, because they had the assurance that thousands of English troops would have ere that time been landed on the soil of India; and he hoped that henceforward the tidings they maight receive from India would be those of the gradual reestablishment of peace and order In that great country. (Cheers.) It was not for him to presume to predict the result. That was yet in the hands of Providence alone. livery hour might bring them accounts from the scene of actioR that the expectations they had reason to form had been realized. But he felt confident that the Government of this country would not fail to act up to their fearful responsibilities, which they believed were not lessened, but inereased, by the manner In which they (the Government) had been supported by all parties in the country. (Cheers.) Hle acknowledged that t was the duty of tbe Government not only to put down this rebellion and to establish law and order, but to look closely into the causes by wbich it had been produced, and to examine narrowly the circunmstances of the Indian Governunent, not only in ite military organization but in the civil admilistration of the affairs of that country. (Cheers.) That duty, he thought, the Government were prepared to undertake, and nothing, he trusted, would be wanting on their part to the fulfilment of it, iD the full confidence that they would be supported by the coanitry. (Cheers.) -Mr. A. nLL.4, 3I.P., tho other representative for the borough, also spokce to the toast. He said, his right boss. coleague had alluded to a subject on which he had truly said the instincts of the country were unanimous. It had enlisted the interests and the feelings alike of all classes of the comimunity, and until the present conflict was brought to a conclusion the samne feelings would actuate the British nation. It would be presumptuous to express an opinion as to the wisdom of the thousand and one hints conveyed to Her Majesty's Government in lettets which had ap. p,eared in the public journals, under all kisids of signatures, as to the cause of the msutiny and the remedy; but it was a marvellous thing that with their wonderful sagacity none of tbose learned rmen bad set their great wits to work on this subject G0 years ago. The infor. mation might have been useful had it been conveyed to the public and the Government at that time; but their wisdom tad been reser. od nsntil after the mutiny bad taken place. As to the probability of this question challenging a minute and jealous investigation at the hands of Parliament, his belief was that this e who sharod in the arduous duties of public lIfe were uosst anxions that the subject should be canvassed and public opinion brought to bear upon it. -We had a dominion given us over 180,000,000 of people in that vast country, which had for a century been committed to our care; we had at this moment a Government maintained there at an enormous expenditure, and that Government was now deeply involved in debt ; while the mnltitudinous population of India, after a hundred years of our rule, were now in a condition very little removed froni that ia which they were under the most corrupt and cruel member of the House of Tamerlane. Me did not im. pute the slightest blame to the existing Government of IndiA; but he blamed all for so long permitting a state of things to exist which was a disgraco to the Christian name. (Hear, hear.) When he adverted to that subjeot, he did o, not in a party spirit, bu' in the spirit of a true patriot, and he thought it was not too strong an expression to say that our rule in India had been used as a screen to protect the natives from the contamination of Christianity. He stated, on the authority of the late pious Bishop IReber, that in one district in India Christians were precluded from holding office, an order having been issued by the British Government prohibiting any but Mussul. mans and Hindoos from holding any offioe. The ques. tion was frequently asked,-Shall wro retain India? Before that question waa satisfactorily nsvwered it should )a u wberner or no we were to proceed on the principle of governing British India with t. view to the apiritual, moral, and material interests of the oountry-whether, in short, we were prepared to do our duty as became a nation aspiring to hold high rank In the Christian world, to raiBe the moral and material interests of the deaded populatton of a mighty empire, and so ultimately quaify them for oxereiing the privilege of self.government. (Cheers.) The meeting vas also addressed by Mr. O. Langton, BLP., Mr. Serjeant Kinglake, H.P., and several local gentlemen.
TnBE CLDIATZ OF C01UNA.-I have already remarked that the climate of tlhe country is much more to be dreaded than the arnuies of the Chinese, and I shaU draw thesc remarks to a close by givillg a description of what tbat climate is. In all parts of China where I have been the hottest months in the year are July and August. in the north the heat is very oppressive from the middle of June to the end of August. About Hongkong and Canton the oppressive beat commences a little earlier and lasts longer, although it is not quite so intense as it is furtber north. My registering thermometer during July and August at Hongkong frequently stood as high as 10 deg., and one day reached 94 deg. in the shade. In Shanghai and Ningpo the same thermometer used to stand sometimes for days at 100 deg. But the hottest soODths are not the most unhealthy: at least, we have not so niuch sickness then as we have a little later in the season. In September, when the monsoon begins to change, and when the northerly winds come down, causing a sudden -depremsion of temperature, natives as woeU as foreigners zuffer muoh from fever and dysentery. The excessive Summer heat seem to weaken the constitution, and thus enders it more easiy a£fected by the sudden changes of temperature which ocur ax this period of the year. The rivers of China are particularly unhealthy a this season,_2act which ought to be kept in view by the commanders of our ships o f war.- Overl d Fsce of China, Aug. 25.
CJTARGE OF LIBEL. CENTRAL CRTMINAI OOIRT. Oar. 28. The trial of Thomas Diamond Evans and Captain Henry Thorne on, an indictmnut charging them with misdemeanour in having published a libel upon the hon. Frederick Williin Cadogan, deputy chairman of the Submarine Telegraph Company, was resumed this morning before the Recorder, Mr. Russell Gurney. Mr. Serjeant BaUantine, Mr. Bodkin, and Mr. Giffard again appeared for the prosecution; MIr. Serjeant Parry and Mr. Griffiths for the defendant Evans; and Mr. Robinson and Mr. Lawrence for Captain Thoore. The first witness called on behalf of the defendant Evans was Charlton Wolla6ton, who was examined by Mr. GRiPFITliS. He said, -I am an engineer, residing near Derby. I was formerly a director of the Submarine Telegraph Com. pany. I am still one of the engineers of the company. I ceased to be a director of the company in September, 1854. In the performance of my duties I was very seldom in the instrument room in which the defendant Evans was employed. I have seen Mr. Cadogan in, that room often. I was seldom there without seeing him. Have you seen himu do anything to the messages ?-I havo seen him on more occasions than one what I should term deliberately reading them over. This was betwoen July. 1852, and 1854. Rave you seen Mr. Cadogan do anything with the messages themnselves ?-On one socasion I saw Mr. Cadogan tako a message from below others and put it on the top of tbe messages to be sent. I saw the message. I cannot fix the precise date, but I could give the subet&nce of the message. Mr. BALLA.;TINF objeoted to any description of the message being given, and The Couit allowed the objection. Examination continued.-My attention was directed to the message in consequence of seeiug it transposed. I believe Evans was in the room at the time, but I cannok say positively. Was it the duty of the directors to interfere at all with the messages ?-Certainly not. I did not see any of the other directors ia the instrument room interfering with the messa es. Did you ever see any other director read a message in the room 7-I don't think I ever did. I have seen Mr. Cadogan come into the instrument room, look at the meseages, and go out very shortly, without otherwise trAnsacting any business there. During the time Evans waas in the instrument room I have seen Mr. Cadogan go from that room to a stockbroker's. I have seen him do so more than once on the same day. I have seen him leave the instiument room and go into the stockbroker's door direct twice on the same day, and I have seen him go into the instrument room, and within half-an-hour afterwards have seen him in the stockbroker's on the same day. Cross-examined by Mr. BALLANTINE.-You will be able, I dare say, to give us the name of the stockbroker 7-The firm was Lowndes, Surgey, and Woolley. Their ofoce was No. 3, Exchange-buildings, and was perfectly within view of the door of the telegraph office. You are a director. Have you not examined the ressages and read them over and over again 'i-I certainly am not in the habit of doing so. I have read, messages. You don't niean that ?-I do. Why, it is quite contrary to the duty of a director to read a message !-Well, I have done so. Then, you don't think it;wvas contrary to your duty to read the messages?7-Certainly, if a director was in the instrument room I conceive it no harmn for him to read them. Do you think it among his duties to read them 9.-Not anmong his duties. Do you think it contrary to his duty ?-I do. Have you read messages over and over again?-I should say not. I have read several messages. Did a day pass without your reading messages ?-Many. Did a week ?-I should say that probably every now and then for more than a week I never looked at one. Why did you look at them ?-From curiosity. Certainly from no other motive. I mean to say I read them, when they were before me. I may have looked at them without any object. I made use of the expression "' curiosity," but I can only say I read them with no objeot. As a director of the company, then, you wandered into the reoom where the messages were, anid read them without any object?-I rever was in the room In my life without soine other object than to see messages. Why did you read thern ?-They were before me, and I may have read a few upon several occasions. Cross-examination continued.-I volunteered to come here. Mr. Cadogan and I have never been frienids. He never ordered nwe out of the instrument room to nay knowledge. I have been informed by Evans that Mr. Cadogan has asked him on niiore occasions than one, " What is he," alluding to me, 'doing in the instrument room?" There was a general order of the directors that no person ehould go into the instrument room without the authority of the secretary. I never applied for admission into the instrument room, hut when my duties rendered it necessary I have gone in. I do not recollect using such expressions as that I would punish Mr. Cadogan if I could, or that I would "serve him out." 1 think I may go so far as to say I never have done so. By MIr. Serjeant PARRY.-I am still one of the engineers of the company. I never had any personal altercation with Mr. Cadogan. The only occasions on which I can recollect having been in the instrument room have been when the communicating wires have been in some way deranaged, and as the engineer it was my duty to see them rectified. Have you evet tranaposed a message from the bottom to the top?-I was well awaro that it was contrary to the French law and to the English charter anrd deeds of settlement unider which these companies are established. By Mr. Serjear,t BtALLANrrx-Although mny name remains upon the bills of the company as engineer, I have not acted sins s, I think, October, 1S54. There never was any salary attached to the appoinxtment. Albert Diamond Evans, examined by Mr. Serjeaut PAseiY.-I am a brother of the defendant Evans, and am a clerk in the Admiralty at Somerset House. On Saturday the 8th of August last, my brother and Captain Theme came to me at Somerset House between o and 4 o'clock My brother then showed me the letter which is the subject of the indictment. Mr. Serjeant PARRY.-For what purpose did he ehow you that letter? Mr. Serjeant BA.LLANTINE objected to the question. The COb-nT beld that the question could not be put. The jury must judge of the purpose. Exanination continued.-I was in the employment of the Submarine Telegraph Company from November, 1851, till January, 1856, when I resigned. I knew Mr. Cadogan as one of the directors. I was appointed assistant superintendent, in conjunction with my brother, in July, 1853, and remained in that position until May, 1854, when I was appointed superintendent at Liverpool. Up to 1854 Mr. Cadogan was in the instrument room daily. His not being there was quite the exception, unless he was ill or ont of town. I have known him come in and out of the instrument room three or four times in the course of the day. Mr. Cadogan had no duty to perform as regards the transmission of messages. I have seen Mr. Cadogan deliberately take up the forwarded and received messages, and look most minutely through them, reading the contents of nearly each. I have also seen him come in, refer to the messages, and without saying a word to me leave the room with his hat and overcoat on. I may say I have seen him do this daily. Was there any matter of business relating to the office which would render it necessary for Mr. Cadogan to do what you saw him do?-Certainly not. It is no part of a director's duty. In that case no superintendent would be necessary. Have you ever seen any other director do what you say you bave seen Mr. Cadogan do ?-Certainly not. Have you ever heard hr. Cadogan give any directions to your brother about ruessages of importance ?-He has given directions to me. During the day he would frequently say " Evans, if anything of importance arrives I shall be In the Board-room," and wheu leaving for the evening he has told me, " If anything of importance arrives send it to me " meaning his private residence, and I have frequentiy done so. N ow, what messages were those?-Any messages that contained important news, whether addressed to the public,the Government, or the press. You have taken the messages to him ?-I have made extracts from them, and sent them ir, envelopes to him at his private residence. Have you seen him at any time enter or leave the offloe in a hurried manner ?-I have seen him comue in with his hat on, refer to the messages, and go out again immediately. Had he then given any orders about them to anybody in the office ?-No; very frequently he had not said a word. Do you remembeer an instance of a 2Times despatch relating to news from the East having been read by Mr. Cadogan ?-I believe it was a Ties despatch. To the best of.n recollection, I believe it wvas a Timesg despatch. Did lr. Cadogan give an order with reference to that despatch ?-He did. It was sent onto Brookes's Club by his Before giving tho order had he seen the despatch?-He had. I rememnber the oircumnstamce well, from the word " phaes" being containeed in the message. I thounht it should have been " phrases, and Mr. Cadogan said, ' No, no; phases' is correct." Have you seen Mr. Cadogan at any time move any one of the messages from the bottom to the top ?-I cannot say that I have. Have you ever seen any other dlrector deal with the iaessages in the way in which you describe them to have been dealt with by Mr. Cadogan ?-Certainly not. The witness, at the request of Mr. Serjeant PARRY, then referred to the file of telegraphic messages produced on behalf of the prosecution. He stated that they ought to be numbered consecutively, but found that five-l',os. 103, 105, 111, 140, and 147--were wanting. The missing docoments were, however, subsequently produced, and it ap- peared that they had been taken off the file in the course of yesterday's proceedings for the purpose of being examined. By Mr. Serjeant PAunvRsf .-when Thorne and my brother called upon me at Somerset House Thorue took no part in the conversation that ocurred between my brother and myself. Cross-examined by Mr. B&LLnA rrnn.-I did not think it right that Mr. Cadogan should examine these messages. I am not aware that I obtained the situation I now hold through Mr. Cadogan's influence. I did not apply to Mr. Cadogan to get me this situation. When I resigned my situation Mr. Cadoga wrote to ask me vwhether I knew that the situation for which I was applying was only that of an extra clerk, trom which I was liable to be dlsmissed at any moment. hr. West, who is Mr. Cadogan's cousin, was not Sir C. Wood's private secretary at the time of my appoint. ment. When my brother left my office In the Admiralty on Saturday, August 8, it was about a-quarter to 4 o'Cock. Thorne was in hi company. I have notheardfrom my brother where he went to after he left me. I do not know from him that he went to Leeester-square. I have know n Thorne about 18 months. I had nothing to do with hit at the Marylebone Police-court, I was not summoned with him, and was never summoned to a police-court in my life I know nothing of misy brother's pecuniary arrangements, Mr. Serjeaut PAuRYts.-Is there the slightest preterce for sa3 ing that you were even cbarged with the least offence at alv police-court or elsewhere ? Witness.-Not the slightest. Thomas Mark, examined by Mr. Serjeant PARRY.-I was in the employmuent of the Submarine Telegraph Company t-r five years. I wag in their employ from November, 1S52, until (otober. 1853. I am now engaged in the telegraph-office at Gravesend. I remember Mr. Cadogatn conang into the instrument-room at Cornhill twice or three times a-day. Other directors came in, but I did not notice whether they came in so frequently as Mr. Cadogan. I have seen Mr. Cadogan receive the letter clip of messages from Evans, which he has turned over and appeared to read. Mtssages swere then constantly coming in from the continent containing public news. When Mr. Cadogan came into the instrutuent-room he generally looked at the messages. The mnessages usually lie with the face uppermost. Ile turned them over, one after the other, and appeared to read them. By the RECOIBDEB.-I received a message from Evans at his house at Gravesend, desiring me to forward to London a message relative to this particular matter. That was on the 4th of Aneust; I saw Evans orn that day. Re said something to ime about publishing a letter in The Times. By Mr. SerJeaOt BALLANTrIN-.-I sent a telegraphic message from Evans to Mr. Mowbray Morris, stating that if he would meet him at The Times-office he would give a complete explanation to Sir J. Carmichael's letter. That mee3 sage would be put among the others in London, but Mfr. Cadogan did not go so much to the office in Old Broad-street as to 30, Cornhill Richard Hughes.-I am a clerk in the employ of the South-Eastern Railway. From July, 1853, to August, 1854, I was in the employ of the Sabmarine Telegraph Company. I was clerk and waiter to the Brusels instrument. I left that situation to go to the situation I now fill. Mr. Cadogan came into the instrument-room in Cornhill mostly every day when he was in town. He used to come into the room two or three times a-day. He usually walked into the room, took up the file of niessages, and looked at them. Re held them in his hand long enough to read them. He had nothing to do with the transmission of these messages. Mr. John W. Brett, examined by Mr. Serjeant PABRY. -I am a directox of the Submarine Telegraph-office. It is not exactly the duty of a director to examine the forwarded and received messages, but it might be necessary at times to do so. Mr. Serjeant PARRY.-Supposing it to be true, as has been stated, that MIr. Cadogan had gone into the instrument-room three or four times a day to examine the niossages, would that be his duty? Witness.-I am not enabled to limit what Mr. Cadogan may think to be his duty, but I rshould not think it necessary for my own part, Mr. Serjeant PARtRY.-Were you in the habit of doing it ? Witness.-I was not. I knew Evans was superintendent in the instrument-room. 1 do not remember any complaint being made about Mr. Cadogan. I recollect one istance when he made a remark atte office, but I do not think he made a complaint in Cadogau's presnace. What be said was to me privately. I remember Evaus coming to my house in Hanover-square. I remember the subji ot of his dismissal being brought before the board. I have not the slightest recollection of a complaint having been made about hMr. Cadogan. It would be quite contrary to the rules of the company to transpose a message, and to take it out of its order. I never heard that Mr. Cadogan bad transposed a message of Baron Rothschild until yesterday. Cross-examined by Mr. BALTLAJ,-sx,-There might be some very extraordinary case, involving a private message of great importance, where the transposition of a message would not be entirely wrong if done by a director, providing It was not contrary to the good faith of the company, and did not Injure or affect the public, Evans made a complaint that he thought he had been harshly treated by Mr. Cadogan, and 1 may perhaps say that I have a very good opinion of Evans as a aithful servant. I cannot bring to my mind any occasion on which I remonstrated with Mr. Cadogan upon going so much into the instrumeat-room. During the early part of the company's existence a great deal of the working arrangements of the company was left to Mr. Cadogau ard Sir J. CarmichaeL Re-examined by Mr. Serjeant PARRY.-I have tried to remember whether, when Evans made a remonstrance, he did not complain that Mr. Cadogan came too frequently into the instrument-room, but I have not been able to bring such a circumstance to my mlnd. Mr. Serjeant PA-RRY said that in his speech yesterday he stated that he should call Mr. Seymour Clarke, He considered himself bound by this promise; but from the instructions he had received he should not be able to ask bim any questions oonnected with the present inanirye Cr. S. tllarke was then sworn, but as neither Ir.Serjeaut PARitY nor Mr. Serjeant BALLANTINE put any questions to him he was about to leave the box, when The RZEcoRDXR asked the witness whether he had any acquaintance with Mr. Cadogan. 'lhe witness replied in the negative. William West.-I was formerly in the service of the Subb. marine Telegrapb Comnpany as messenger. I used to see Mr. Cadogan come constantly into the instrument-room and read the messages. I have frecuently taken mossages, notes, and parcels to MIr. Cadogan's bouse from the offnce. Mr. Francis Edwards, examirced by Mr. Serjesust PARPRY. - I amn a solicitor, and one of the directors of the Submarine Telegraph Company. From 1852 to 1854 I scarcely ever missed a board-room. I very seldom went into the instrument-room-not once in six mouths. I never upon any ocea. sion read the received or forwarded imessages. No complaint was ever made to me under any cirCnmStances of Mr. Cadogan dealing with messages. I had no means of knowing, as a director, that Mr. Cadogan was in the habit of going to the instrument-roont and reading the mnessaes. Mr. Cadogan never stated at any board-roomt that he was in the habit of reading the rnessages. It would be unquestiona'oly vrong to transpose a rnessage, except under very extraordinary circumstaaces. I suppose the judge of these circurnstances would be either the superintendent. the chairman, or the deputy-chairman of the company. I never heard of the transposition of Baron Rothsahild's message until yesterday. Mr. Wetenhail1, of the Stock-Exchange, was then examined. He stated that there was a fluctuation of about 0 in the funds on the 13th of December, 1853, and a similar fluctuation on December 14. On the 12th of December the funds were 953 to -1 the closing prlee being 953 $. On the morning of the 1.3th they opened at 94i and closed at 94i t . Between the closing Price of the previous day and tbel opening price of the 13th there was a fall of I. The tall of the 13th u-as maintained on the 14th. This was the evidence for the defendant Evans. Mr. Serjeanlt BALLANTINE replied upon the case. He said that If the issue in the present case was as sarrow as in criminal courts it usually was he should not think it necessary to make many observations to thema in reply to the case of the defendants. An advocaWs materials were sometimes slight, and he was obliged to present the view of his client, If he could not succeed in restraining him by his advlce, His learned friend Mr. Serjeant Parry could not imapi e that the plea which had been placed upon the record had been or could be proved; but knowing the feeling which sometimes pervaded the minds of clients, and their determination to continue in a wrong career at any risk to themselves, he could not be altogether surprised to find his learned friend the exponent of such a defence as that of Evans, and with this defence tbo jury had now to deal. He must, however, complain somewhat of a few of the expressions used by his ltarned friend with regard to Mr. Cadogan. Would his learned friend mafutain that because Mr. Cadogan was a gentleman by birth he ought not to be connected with a commercial company; or that, If he did, be must be sup. posed to gain his livelihood as a needy man ? Would his jeaaned friend maintain that a man -who indulged in speculation or meddled with a public company must necessarily be a rogue or a needy man, and that he was not to be cedited on oath when he came into a court of justice? It must be painful to a person who was compelled to become a prosecutor to hear such remarks, and it was also painful to those who were dear to him to have such matters re. ported. He would ask what possible good Mr. Cadogan could have got for himself by looking at the telegraph me,sages, supposing that he wanted to find out messages of a public character, and to use them for purposes of speculation and in defiance of his duty ? What did this come to when it was explained that all official messages were sent in cipher? Did the jury suppose, too, that messages referriDg to grand operations In the funds and stocks were sent ia such a manner that they could be understood by the clerks of the office? The whole matter was a bugbear launched at Ir. Cadogan in order to areate aprejudice against him. The great body of the publio rcight be taken in by a plausible oharge of this description, until it came to be investigated upon the ordinary principles of common sense, Letting alone the oath of Mr. Cadogan, which had been uncontra. dicteda he would say that not only the probability, but the possibility, was against the truth of the libel, which the defendants had undertaken to justify. If there had been certain Stock-Exchange operations on the pax t of llr. Cado. gan, his stockbroker was known, and oould bs examined, for be had been subpcenaed. His stockbroker'a books at least were not falsified. Bat his learned friend knew that If MIr. Cadogan's stockbroker were called to prove any of the statements in the libel the result would be a lamentable failure. It was said that, although it was within the juria- ciction of the deguty.charman of the Telegraph Comapany to send a message to the displacement of anyother message, yet that it was not a proper thing to do, Mr. Cadogan had always acted on that proposition. Evans and his brother had been five years In the offces, and they were not able to bfiDg any case, except one, in which a message had been transposed and taken out of Its turn. That very fact showedltherigid manner inwhichMhr. Cadcganadperformed his duty, and his determination to allow no private friendship to interfere with his public oblipations. Was It contended that in this particular instance7in which an exception had been made, Baron Rothschild was in a conspiracy with Mz. Cadogan to the disadvantage of his neighbours'? He thought at one time he might have to answer an attempt to prefer such a charge; but he now believed he might relieve the Baron from any necesity of that kind, and declare that he had passed quite free from the ordeal. Evans in his letter declared that if the Baron's messages were produced the particular message would be found marked by himself. They had ali been prodnced, but the defendant had been unable to find any sch nmessage, and it was clear that hi3 statementwaswithout foundation. Yet he had chosen to jumn1 to a conclusion, and, with the recklessnes of x libeller, he had put that cornclusion on paper to destroy Mr. Cadeagan's character. The evidence had disclosed that during the tariff alterations the foreign imessages required constant revision, so that they maight be brought within the tariff and go with a profit to the companiy. An illustration of the necessity of some one looking at the messages had also been supplied in the evidence of one of the witnesses that morning, one of the officers having mistaken the word "phrase" for " phase." Bat for AL-. Cadogan this message would have gone out with afalse meaning. The first parson called by the defence was Mr. Wollaston, who was to prove that a director of a telegraph company had no right to look at the messwes. Mr. Wollaston had himself been a director, and he adaitted that he had done this very improper thing himselt. It appeared that Mr. Wollaston had read these messaga from ouriosity, and at leg, he aaid he did not know why he had read them at , did the jury ever hear such A shaufling, miserable exhibition as bad been made by Mr. Wollaston 9 It was clear that he bad a strong personal pique against MLr. Cadogan. Let hia now caUl the attention of the jury to the scandalous plea vhichl the defendants had put upon the reoord. This plea was Simple guess work, and it was clear that the evidence I ronght forward at the present trial was inapplicable to the detes that were given in the letter. The facts deposed to bad been dragged out by communication with people after the actual libel had been published, and then by now evi. dence the defendants tried to m0'le out that which by puess3 work they had alleged. The facts, indeed, that had been put in evidence could not have been present to Evans's mind when he published his letter. Was there ever so crushing an exhibition as wben Mr. S. Clarke, to whom it was insinuated these messa"es had been improperly sent, was put into the box? It appeared that gr. Clarke knew notyain', of Mr. Cadogan, andl this deliberate fa'sehood, told in the libel and voutbiedifor again in the plea, turned out to be without any foundatiora whatever. Having called upon the jury to rermark that the plea of justification I had been in no respect miade out, and that he was entitled to ask for a verdict upon this issue, the learned serjeant proceeded to contend that Thorne was equally guilty with Evans of the libel and of the publication. The counsel for 'Ihorne, keepilng &away from his own client, had made out Evans to be a public benefactor, and declared that le had a public duty to perform. Three motives maight beas signed to Evans. He acted under the inflexince eith of mallgnity, of interest, or of public spirit. With regard to his public spirit, Evans did not object to the alleged irregularities in the office as long us he was in it. He was not then in the state of virtuosi effervescence that be had since attained to. He received the 251. gratuity and walked away. He said that Mr. Oadogan had pressed rather hardly on him, but to no living being did he venture to utter a belief that mr. Cadogan had done a dishonourable act. This belief be kept to himself for three years, and then be made charges wbich, after an interval of three years, Mr Cadogan was called Upon to answer. On the 5th Evans mentioned the subject to Mr. Trigg. It was desirable that his answer should appear, if at all, while Sir J. CAgrmiohael's letter was fresh in the ptublic miind. Why, in-stead of talking to Mr. Trigg on the 5th, did he not frame his letter and take it to he 2imes? Being at Gravesend, he sent a tele. graphic message, which might probably come under the notice of Mr. Cadogan himself Nothing, however, was done until Evans came to town on Saturday and heard that Tlue Tines-office closed at 4 o'clook on Saturday afternoons. What was the motive for the dclay? If the proceeding was bond fide, all that was necessary was to take the letter to The Times-office with a view to its publication. It might have been sent there on the 4th of August ; it might have been taken there by Evans on the 5th, 'when he was in London, Why was a telegraphic message sent at all on the subject to Mr. Mowbray Morris, of The Times? Where was the difficulty of sending a letter from Gravesend? But, no; if the communication had been made through a private individual the message could never have been known to the Telegraph Company, and no steps could have been taken to suppress the letter. Some days were allowed to pass, and it was found the Telegraph Company did not move. The message, perhaps, was one of those which Mr. Cadogan had not minutely investigated. It was ncessary to adopt somne more active measures. Mlr. Evans had a friend, Captain Thorne. He (Mr. Serjeant BalLantine) had asked his learned friend, Mr. Roblnson, to be kind enough to teU them who Captain Thorne was-to what regimient be belonged; but they had not heard. He was probably a captain in the gallant unmnentionables. (A laugh.) Where were his quarters? At the Pnince's Club-house, Leicester.square. What were his antecedents? No inquiry had been made on the subject on behalf of his (Mr. Seejeant Ballantine's) client. All he could say was that he would not go to the War-office to make such inquiry. Tborne and Evans went together to the office of Evans's bi other at Somerset-house. They were there at a quarter to 4 o'clock. On their way thither they must have passed Thte Times-office. Mr. Evans was not prevented by illness fiom remaining in London. At a quarter to 4 theywere together; by a quarter past 4 Captain Thorne was at Mr. Cadogan's house. These two persons were therefore parties to uttering the libel; they were parties to taking it to different places, having been told that it ought to be delivered at The Times-office before 4 o'clock. Captain Thorne told Mr. Cadogan that he had to consult a friend before he could give a copy of the letter. Now, who was that friend? If Evans had returned to Gravesend on Saturday afternoon the servants of the house at which he lodged could easily have proved the fact. As this had not been done, and as great trbuble had been taker. in getting up the defence, it must be concluded that Evans was in London on the afternoon of Saturday, and was the convenient friend to Whom Captain Thorne had to apply before he gave a definite answer to 16r. Cadogan. He (Mr. Serjeant Ballantine) had listened with great attentioni to the explanation given by his learned friend Mtr. Robinson of Captain Thorne's conduct. His learned friend said that Captain Thorne and hr. Evans had some pecuniary engagements; that Captain Thorne did not want Evans to comprornise himself by publishing the letter, and that he therefore went to Mr. Cado. gan for the purpose of preventing its publication. He should have thought that Thorne would have said to Evans, " You must not nublish this letter or we shall be involved in ruin." How did Thorne intend to effect his object by visiting Mr. Cadogan ? How was Mr. Cadogan to prevent Evans front publishing the letter ? It was for the jury to say whether the explanation was not tolerably clear, "I have heavy pecuniary engagements with Mr. Evane" was repeated over and over again, evern acoording to his learned friend's statement in his defence of Thorne. Was it possible to doubt that that phrase, "heavy pecuniary engagemuents," was intended as a hint, and that money was the object in view? Captain Thorne went to ooisulthis friend. He returned, repeated his state. ment about "peouniar engagements," and said "he did not want to compromise Mr. Evans by publishing the letter." Howv was it that Captain Thorne went to Mr. Sampson's for the very purpose or having the letter published 9 Such conduct could lead to but one conclusion-that the endeavour was to obtain muoney, and that the proraise to suppress the letter was contingent upon the receipt of money. His learned friend Mr. Serieant Parry had Put the case on this point with great force on behalf of his client, Evans. e learned friend avid, "If the intenUion was to extort money, why did ray client visit Mr. Mowbray Morris. and why was tho letter sent to TVe Times at all ?" Now he (Mr. Serjeant Ballantine) would ask the jury whether they thought Mr. Evans would ever have dreamed of sending the captain to Mr. Mowbray Morris ? They had seen Mr. Morris; they had heard of the manner In which he had dealt with Mr. Evans-how he had " turned him inside out." Before Mr. Morriswould allow The Times to bethereceptacleof a calumnyhethoughtitright to learnwhat these people had been doing, and what use they had been making of the calumny. What did the jury suppose Mr. Mowbray Morris would have thought of the captain . The firt thing he would have asked would have been, " Captain ? -where ?" The reply, " Prineb' Club, Leicester-square," would only have elicted the further question, " What is tbat ?" Did the jury beheve that Mr. Mowbray Morris would ever have inserted a line in T'he Times upon the authority of Captain Thorne ? Did they think it was ever intended for a mioment that Captain Thpmne should go to xr. Mowbray Morris ? At all events, Mr. Evans was of good appearance and demearnur; he had been in a respectable position; be posessed testimonials as to his character, and he could go to Mr. Morris with something like a clean bill of health; but he (Mr. Serjeant BaUlantine) would bave liked to witness the interview and to hear the conversation between Captain Thorne and Mr. Mowbray Morris. He was very sure Captain Thorne would soon have left the office, a4d that the letter would have had no chance of publication. He could not suppose, therefore, it was ever the Intention of Evans that Captain Thorne should be the bearer of the letter with a view to its publication in The Times, which was the only way In which it could have been nsed if it had once come Into the hands of Mr. Mowbray Morris. It appeared that Evans called upon Mr. Morris, and a nice little correspondence seemed to heve been got up between Captain Thone and Evans, in order to show that Evans was free from all complicity in Thorne's proceedings. This correspondence might be genuine, or it muight be a trick, and it was just as likely to be the one as the other. His learned friend, MIr. Serjeant Parry, asked, with a good deal of force, why should Evan-s desire to publhbb the letter on Monday, supposing he had not Intended to publish it on the previous Saturday 2 The answer did not appear difficult. As soon as Captain Thorne had committed himself and found that nothilg was to be extracted from Mr. Cadogan, but that legal proceedings were likely to be taken, then came the question how these people were to get out of the mess. Thoy thought there was no better way than to get The Times into it, for they Imagined that if they could only involve 17e Timeu a lttle In the mess also they would be carried out on its broad shoulders, and if the letterbhad appeared in The Times the matter would have assumed a very different complexion. Besides, the only way in which Evans conld showv that he was acting bond Jde, and not in complicity with Thorne, was by taking the letter to hlr. Movbray Morris. He (Mr. Serjeant Ballantine) asked the jury to consider how it was that Thorne came by the letter directed to him in an ernvclope from Evans?9 Was the envelope one that had been sent to Captain Thorn3 on some former occatsion, or was the aflir concocted in London to lead to the belief that Evans wsat Gr7.vesend? Ha nan now gone through all the material details of the cse. The questions for the oonsideration of the jury wteie ex tremely broad and plain. Wore EvUS and Thorne guilty of publihbing this libel? Had they justified it by the evidenoe whic tbey had brought forward? If they had notjustified If, did Thorne intend to extort money from Mr. Cadogan, and was Evans well aware of that intention and acting in concert with him t He would tiot say thAt he was altogether without anxiety as to the conclusion at which the jury migbt arrive, because he appeared for a gentleman who had neeoon exained at considerable length, who had been describel as a man,agerof several companies ancd as aspoculator -although no qrestion had been asked as to the date of the speculations or the facts connected with them,-and who had been falsely and incorrectly stated to be a needy man; but who, in spite of the insinuations to whioh he had been exposed, had left the box vwith his obarater nscabhed. He would not deny, therefore, that he felt some anxiety; but h believed it was almost causeless, and when he remembered the miserable evidence tupon which attempts had been made to impeach iis client's character he believed most confidently that be would pass through the ordeal free from the taint of suspicion. The REcoRDtni then proceeded to suam up the evidence to thejiury. Theindictmenb, hosaid, contained variouscounts, the first charging the publication of A libel with intent to extort money from Mr. Cadogan. The second count charged the same offence in point of fact, but related to another publication of the libel,-the one being the publication to Mr. Cadogan, and the other at The Times-office. The next two counts charged the publishing of the same libel 'without charging the intent to extort money. The fifth and sixth counta set out the whole of the libel; in one count the intent to extort money by threatening to publish a libel was charged, and in the other the intent to extort money by professing to abstain from its publication. The seventh count charged a, conspiracy to publish a libel with intent to extort miioney, and the eighth charged a conspiracy indirectly to abestain from publishing certain matters and things touching Mr. Cadogan with intent to extort money. Thorne had pleaded " Not guilty" to all the counXts E vans had pleaded " Not guilty" to such of the counts as obarged the publication, and had justified that, in fact, the libel was true, and that it was for the public beaefit it should be puLblished. The gravest eh%rgos of the indictme4tI wtre contained in those counits which charged the publios. tieIn of the libel with intone, to extort money, or the attempt to extort money by proposing to abstain from puxblication. I and in the two counts chiarging conspiracy. Hie propo3ed in the first instance to call the attention of the jury to the facts proved and the statements madIe by witnesises w.ith reference to these charges, before he ailluded[ to the questiou which they imust determine as to the truth or falsehood of the libel. The first evidence they had as to the pabli,ation of the libel was that on the 4th o~f August a telegraphlic communication was mnade by the defendant Evans3 from Gravesead to Mr. Mlowbray Morris, the mnanager of Phe 7imc.s newspiper. In tOat. commuuni- cation Evans said he should be able to give a complete ox- I placation of tbje statements contained in Sir J.Cr michael's letter. Olathe following day, the 5th of August, Evans was seen in London by Mtr. Trigg, to whomn he stated that he was going to send an answer to Sir J. Ca.rmichiaer's letter, and that he was about to have an interview with Mr. Sampson. the city editor of Tlhe Time,s, on the sub. ject.. The learned Rec-order then read ini aeneso the evidence of Mr. Sampson, describing his interviews with the defenidants, and the evidence of Mr. Trigg and Ur. Cadogsna. They had it in evidence that Evans was in communication with Mr. Mowbrny Morris on the 4th of August. Oni the 5th he saw Mr. Samps-n. On the 6th and 7th he was Illi at Gravesend. On the 8th became to towns, and had au interview with Mr. Sampson. Both then wenxtto Somersethouse. By the cocusel for the prosectionatbe jury were askted to conclude that Thorne's object was to extort maoney fromi Cadogan either by publislhing or offering to abastain 'roin publishing the letter to 77&e Tintes. On the other side the jury, were asked not to gums at motives, or to form unfavourahle inferences. If, however, they cotld put no other construction oni Thorne's conduct than that his objeot wvas to obtaini money, they were bouLnd to couse to that conclusion. The jury wrould say what could have been the motive of that conversation with Mr. Cadosan. It had not been suggested in what manner the defendants couldl have been preventedl fronm publihing that letter, except by some conicessions on tae part of Mr. Cadogan. Thorns's avowed object in calling upon Mr. Cadogau was to prevent the publication of the letter, and the jury would say After Therne's st%tements of his pecuniary enjgagemnents with Evans. whether they could come to any other conclusionx than that his object was to obtain money from Mr. Cadogan. Then the question aroso whether the jury werer unite satisfied that Evans was acting in concert with Thorns:. The jury would remeinber that Thxorns left Mr. Cadogan in order to consult a friend about givin him a copy of Evanks's letter. EvAns's statement was ttsat he knew nothing of this interview, and It wo-uld have been mat-erial to hirn to establish tha,t such was actually the fact, lie had been in Thorne's company until just before 4 o'clock the same afternoon, but he had given no evidence as to what haLd become of him for the rest of the day. -Whether he remnained in London to be consulted by Thorns the jury had no means of knowing. Hlis physician at Gravesond wzs called, who said he did not see Evans on the 8th, and there was no evidence as to what became of him from the time whsn lis left hiis brother's office in Somerst Rouse on the afternoon of Saturda until he was seen on the following day by his phyician at Gravesnd. The jury 'would say whether upon th evidence they wer foroedi to comei to the conclusion that Evans wasacting with Thorrns. On the following Monday Evans called upon Mr. Mowbray Morris with the libel, and Mr. Mdowbray Morris h dve anaco0unt of Lime inter,view that had taken place, which he wou-1ald read to them. (Here the learnled 'Recorder rend the evidence of Aft. Mowbray Morris.] If there wvere any suspicoion regarding Evans's preavious conduct the jutry would say whether the csrcumtstces of this interview were calculated to dispel that suspicion. He did not know thlat what took place on the Monday was very material, however, because, whether there were any concert between the prisoners or not, Mmr. Cadogan had given as his answer that he intenaded to take legal proceedings, and Evans had no alternative except to carry his letter to 2'Th Times accordin to his previous intenation. The question was not whether Evans ever had the intention. to puiblish his letter in The Times. There might be such an Intention at the time of the inter-views between him and Mr. Mowbray Morris and Mr. Sampson. But the question -was whether Evans andt Thorne were acting in concert on Saturday, and were endeavouring to extort raoney front Mr. Cadogan. While on the one hand they would not put an unfair construction uapon t'he rmotives of the defendante,rwbich was not borne out by the facta ; on the other hand, if they could honourably put a fair construction upon the conduct of Mr. Cadogan they ought net to presume that he was actuated by a gtuity motive. The first question was whether the libel wereotrue. EHore the learned Recorder read the libel ins eztenso.] There could be no doubt that it was a libel. Thxe plea was that all the maatters in the hibelweeb t of fact, true, and Evans undertook to ebUslsalY0th different charges in it. He undertook to e4stblish that Mr. Cadogan was in the constant habit of reading the forwarded and received messages, that he had received apecial instructions from Mr. CadogAnt WforwArd telegraphic messages to his house, and that on the 13th of December thorn arrived a despatch to Lord Clarendon, which caused a fall of A~ per cent, in the faunls within half ani hour a6fter Mr. Cadogan had seen the despatch. He undertook also to establish that the Indian despatches were sent to Mr. Cadogan at Brookel?s Club, thtat anothxer despatch was forwarded to Mr. Seymour Clarke, and that prooduenc had been given to a message of Baron Rothschild over 25 other imesages upon the same description of business, and to the same place. All this was stated to be true in the plea, and it was added that Evans remonstrated with Mm. Cadogan, aknd that if the company would permit their file of messages to be Produced a note of his in ink wouldl be found upon the original messge. As to the first poinit, there could be no doubt that Mr. Cadoga was in the habit of reading the forwvarded and received mnessages. Mr. Cadogan staLted that he was ina the habit of tea.ding these maessages for the puLrposes and on the business of the office, that upon hun mainly fell the busines arrangzements, and that it was necessary, especially during the alteration in the tariff arrangemients, that he should read thes mesgs It appeared that other director caei caionally and okda h Messages, but not with the same frequency as Mr. Cadogan. Mr. Cadogan stated that he had to read the messages, among other purposes, to see in what way the translations might he made, and what alterations inight not be necessary to bring them within the tariff. The material P art of the charge was not, whether Mr. OiadogAn rend tee mes- sages, hut whether he made use of them for privateI purposes He deniied that he had ever done so. Jle admitted that he had for somne years speculated in the shares and public funds, and that he might have gonLe from the office to his sharebrokers, but there was no evidence that he had miade use of the info'rmation he hadl received. If the juiy could fairly aLnd honourabl put an. Innocent construction upon Mr. Cadogan's conduct they would do so. In support of the plea that Mrx. Cadogan had given instructions to forward messages to his house for his private perusal Albert Evans, the brother of the defendant, had been examiined, who stated that .5r. Csslogan told him to send him any message containing important niews, whether addressed to the pblic, the Government, or the press. The witness added Ztha he had made extracts in accordance with these Instructions, anda forwarded them to Mr. Cadogan. Then a rts a called, who proved that he had taken letters and p')arcels to Mr. Ci,dogan's house. Mr. Cadogan, in reply, acksiowledged that occasionally ma,tters of public newvs were brought to him, but he said that they were onily the llsts of killed and wounded during the Crimean war, in which beth himself and Lady Adelaide had mnany relations engaged. If they believed this statement it would not establish that whicha the defendants had undertaken to prove. It was also provedl that all1 therimportant communications from or to the Govermn were in cIp]her He now cAms tothespecific charges contained, in the lbel, and which the defenadant Evans undertook to justify. The first of them related to a telegraphic despatch from Lord Stratford do R'edclifie to Lord lJa-endon, dated " Constanitinople, Decemnber 3," which, as alleged by Evans, was reaid by Mr. Cadogan ; and he stated that half an hour afteorwards the fuinds foll A per cent. ; that Mr. Cadegan suddenly quitted the ofi-ce, and t hat a maessage was almost directly receivred from Edershelm,' London, to Jacqueman, Paris, respecting the fall. It was proved in evidence that a despatch of Lord Stratford do Redcliff, on the day menttioned, was received in London on the 13th of December, but it was not distinctly proved that It had been soon by Mr. Cadogan. That he had the opportunity of seeing it might probably be infe~red fromn the general evidence as to the way in -which he examined diferent messages. The statement that the funds fell i per cent, withini half an hour after the roeept of the massage certainy did not appear to be established. Mr. CAdogan, when cross-examlJned on the subject, said he assumed there was a fall in the funds because it was so stated in the libel; buit Mr. WetenhaUl proved that they did not fail in the course of that day, although they fell between the night of the 12th and the opening on the 13th. Mr. S8erjeant PkRRy begged to observe that the funds opened with a fall on the 13th. The B.ECORDER.-.They fell from the preceding day; but the charge was that they fell half an houLr uft-or Mr. Cadogan had readL the message at the office, They might have fallen in consequence of some initeUllgence received between the 12th and 13th. isis. SerjeaUt 1PARRY suggested fihat the message might have been received half an hour before the opening of the The RECORDER Said that was not proved, It was possible the message might have arrived before the opening on the morning of the 13th, but the statement of Evans was that Mr. Cadogan attended at the telegraph-office from 11 a.m. to 3 1.m.n Mi. Serjeant BALL,ANTINT-The time at which the messaLe was received would appear upon the despatch. E he RECORDER observed that the Stock-Exchange opened at 11 o'clock and closed at 3. Mr. Serjeaut BALLAT.INE, referrlng to a memaorandum on the telegraphic despatch, stated that Its transmission was comrmenced at 2.21, and finished at 3.42. Mr. Serjeant P,;BR1.-That is 42 minutes after the closing of the Stock-Exohange. The RECORDE.R observed that Evans had pleaded a justification, and he must prove the whole plea, or it wouldbe the duty of the jury to find a verdict against him. The next statement in the plea waS that, almost immediately after the fall a message on the suLbject was received from Edersheim, London, to Jacqueman, Paris. No evidence whatever had been given of that message. The next charge was that Mr. Cadogan directed an Indian do-etach for ITa Times newspaper to be forwarded to hiin at rooks's Club. Upon that subject they had the evidence of one vitness whose statement differed a littlo from the averraent in the plea, for it was that Mr. Cadogan gave lirectiens that the message sjhould be senti to Brookss Club from the office. The charge in the libel was that he had it sent to himi at Brooks's for his own private use, as might be supposed. Upon this point they had the evidence of Mr. Cadogaie, who stated that the company had entered inte an a'rrangement with a person in Paris to send them a smanniry of intelligence which was to he forwarded to the different clubs in London, and that by accident the IRadian despatchli of Tut T,imms which he though formed art of th summary was sad heent along wit h it to the clu bs; b ut the m atter hadbee exlaied n aleter romMr. Cadogan to Mr. hIowbtay Morris. Nowv, whatever oarelesnese there ight have been, if this Indian message vwas sent to all the clubs the jury could hardly come to the conclusion that the averment in the plea was substantlated-namely, that it was sent to Mr. Cadogan at Brookis'r, the inferenos being that it was for bis own private use. The next statement in fhe libel was tbat another despatoh was sent to .r. Seymour Clarke, but of that there woas no evidence iad it appeared that Mr. Cadogan awd Mr. Seymour Clarke were perfect strangers. That charge was made after full time for coIsideration, and after an ample opportunity had bsaf afforded for taking Icgaladvice upon the subject. The only other charge referred to a cominaaication of Mgesrs. Rothsc hld. It was undoubtedly r very material charge, becauso aU admitted that it was part of the duty of the Telegra ph Company to forward messages according to the order in which they were received. Mr. Cadegad stated such was the rule, but that certain latitude was al=owed in cases in which no injury could be inflicted either upon private parties or the public. Mr. Cadogan admitted thst on one occasion he did give precedence to a message of Messrs. Rothschild. He was requested to do so on two oocasions. On the first occasion, and when he was alone, he consented; but on the second, when the chairman of the compsny was present, he declined to do so. The question, however, was not merely whether Mr. Cadogan gave precedence to a message of lessrs. Rothschild, bat the material part of the charge 'Was, that he gave precedence to it over 25 other messages for the same place, Yaris, and relating to the same matter to which Messrs. Pothschild's message referred. No doubt if that charge coud be established it would seriously affect the character o: Ir. Cadogan, and would be most detrimental to the company. There was, however, po evidence beyond the simple fact that precedence was given over a number of other messages, but whether they were intended for the same place, or related to the same matter, was not sh o wn. The orJ remark thathad been m orn this subject for the defendant was that his miouth was closed, and that he had, therefore, difficalty in establishing the various statements he had put forth. Mr. Cadogan stated positively that there was nothing of a business or public nature in the message. He gave an account, though not a very clear one, of his reasons tar giving it precedence. lae said it was for a very distant plee * that it wou&l have to pass over many telegr:ahio lines, and that unless it was drspatched at once it would not reach one of the lines until atter working hours; and this satement was not in any way contradicted on the pait of the defendant, Mr. SeUjeant PARRY said, he had yesberday called for the tlegraphic despatch of the 13th ot December from Eders. heim, London, to Jacqueman, Paris, but it had not been put in. MAr. Serjeant BALLANTh was not aware it had been called for, but was ready to produce it. The despatch was then handed to the clerk of the court. It was dated 13th December, and was in these words:-" Tuesday, quarter past 4. Fal .J, 94J." The RECOnRDBt said that this certainly supplied a Dp in tbe proof of one of the averrmente. He had, he believed, gone through the whole of the evidence bearing upon the issue which the defendant Evans had undertake to es6sa blish,-that the different charges in the libel were true; and it was for the jury to say whether he had proved the whole of his plea. Unless they were satisfied that he had proved it to be trae in all its material averments it would be their duty to return a verdict against the defendant. The jury would say by their verdiot, first, whether they were 8atislied that tbe object of Thorne, in his interview with Mr. Cadogan, wag to extort money either by the threat of publishing a libel or the hope of its suppression. They must next consider whether the defendant Evans was acting i concert with him, and if they thought so they would find him guilty on the counts charging conspiracy; ad, the publication of the libel being amnitted, the only question would then be w hether the defendant Evans had proved his plea of justi- The jury retired at 10 minutes to 3 o'clock, and did not return into court until a quarter past 4. When their names had been called over, The Foreman said,-We find Thomas Diamond Evans Cuilty. We find Renry Thorne GuiUy. We find that Thorne is guilty of having gone to Mr. Cadogan with the libel for the purpose of extorting money from him by withholding the publication of it. We find that Evans was guilty of acting in concert with Thorne for that purpose. We find that the libel is not justified, defenidants not having proved the whole of the statements it contaned, The defendants were then removed from the body of tahe court to the dock. When they were asked why sentence should not be passed upon them, Evans, whose voice was indistinct and at times inaudible from emotion, said, he was not guilty. He had had nothing to do with Thorne's going to Mr. Cadogan either directly or indirectly, and if he had had an opportunity of proving the statements in his letter he could have done so. Hoe was as innocent of the charge of attempting to extort money as a, babe could be. Since he had left the Telegraph Company he had carried on business as a raerchant in loudon, and had paid away hundrods of pounds in hbis busines He would still assert that the whole of the charges in his lettex were true, He hoped that his Lordship would remember the sufferinrs of his wife and family. Thorne said, his position was rather paiful, for he had not in the least anticipated such a result as this. Mr. Serjeant B3allantine had observed that he could not think his motive in going to Ir. Cadogan was altether a benevolent one. He pledged his honour that Ida object was to save Mr. Cadogau from exposure, and hr. Evans from injuring himself by the publication of the letter, He could assure his lordship that Mr. Cadogan pledged his word and honour as a gentlemnt that he would consider the communication he made to htlr as a confidential comatLunication, With regard to the u1e of the words " pecuniary arrangements".in his conversation with Mr. Cadogan it "as quits false (here thedefendant struck the doclk emphatically with his hand.) What he said was that he was engaged In commercial matters with Evans, and that if Evans knew of his going to ese Mr. Cadogan it would be his ruL He owould cheerfauly submit to whatever sentince his lordship might pass, but he could assure his lordship that his object was to serve Mr. Cadogan and at the same time to save his frierAd from the consequences of publishing his letter. The RzcoRDxg then passed sentence utpo the prlsoners. He said-You have both, after a long and careful mvestigation, been cornvicted upon the count charging you with having published a defamatory libel, and also upon the counts charging you with having attempted to extort money by the publication or withdrawal of a certain letter. As t the first charge upon which you have been convictedof libel, if you had been convicted on that alone the judgment of the Court would have been very different from that which it will be my duty to pass. That offence is, however, in itself one of a very serious descrip.. tion when t is committed deliberately and persisted in, aud wheu the jury are satisfied that the attempt to justify the libel has failed. But the other counts are of a still more serious description, and it is upon the verdict of the jury on these that the judgment of the Court wil be founded. There are few offencea more dangerous to society than those in which an attemupt Is made to extort money by the threat of publishing matters Injurions to the character of an individual. It is necessary that when a jury are satisfied that such an offence has been committed the judgment of the Court should be of a serious character. The sentence of the Court is that each of you be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for 12 calendar months. The prisoners, who appeared to feel acutely the misery of their situation, and who were both startled by their sentence, were then removed from the bar.
OPENING OF THE BLACKBUIUN PtUBLIC P&E.R - This public plaeo of resort was inaugurated on Thursday last with great pomp and eeremony. As a place of recreation it is one of whrich the inhabitants of Blackburu may feel extremely proud. As a public park it is not excelled in the bngdom, and it presents numeous attractive featVsur It is decidedly a "people's park," having been purchased with the money belonging to the people of the town, which had been secured in perpetuity for the use of the inhabitants by tbe sale of the Town 2Mloor, which was disposed of to the East Lancashire and Blackburn Eilvway Companies, and re.aized, with interest, the large sum of 5,6bW. 14s. Id. The church lands of Blackburn having been enfranchised and purchased by Mr. Joseph Flelden, of Wilton-house, and Mr. John Fieldon, of Mol ington-hall, Cheshire, an eligible site offered itself on the estate for the purposes of a public park. Its natural advantages were such as could be rarely met with, the ground presenting a romantic dingle, above which were gentle undulations, terminating in RevidgrhfIl,-an elevation about 400 feet above the centre of the town. Fifty acres of tbih land was purchased at a very moderate cost, the proceeds of the moor levAing a surplus for the erection of a handsomne lodge and entranoe, which were erected on the Proston Neow-road, at the west end of the town. The Town-Council undertook the oonstruction of the walls, roads? footths, .h., at the expense of the ratepayers, and it lS estimated that upwards of 11,000. have been expended upon the park and its approaches, exclusive of the purchaae-money, S, 4291.74d, The park extends from the Preston 2fw road to the summnit of Revidge-hiu. At the entrance there is a triumphal arch, composed of masonry. On the right of the main avenue leading into the park there is a large fountain, vith a jet 70 feet in height falling Into a basic 42 feet in diameter, all of wrought stone. This and two other fountains are the gift of the present mayor, Mr. W. Pdilngton. After an ascent of 300 yards along the main carriage way the likes are reached, the principal of which is an extendve sheet of water well stocked with fish and water fowl which have been presented by gentlemen of the town and locality. In the larger lake there is a miniature island and a waterfaL In the park there Is a ronsiderable number of trees, ohiefly oak, in addition to whicn extensive plantations of hardy, herbaceous, and exotio plants, as well as forest trees, have been laid out under the superintendence of Mr. Henderson, of Birkenhead There are numerous walks and promaenades which are well supplied with comfortable seats. The recreation ground indudes an immense bowling-green, and sites for quoiting, arohery, a; At the summit of Revidge-hill a lort has been erected, on which are placed the *' Sebastopol gunS," two 24-pounders, and a number of other smaller guns. It is intended eventually to have public baths erected near the entrance gates, there being a constant and abundant supply of water from the lakes, which formerly belonged to the Blackburn Waterworks Company. The wveather on Thursday wars all that could be desired, antd there wasan immense in'dux of strangers into the town. At half-past 2 o'clock In the afternoon a precession was formed in front of the Town.haIl, and walked to the park. On their entry the cannon in the fort were disoharged. The large company then proceeded along the insdn road around the lower or central portion of the ground until the platform ws reached, on which the proceedings oonnected with the inaugural ceremony took place. This was erected jnst below the bowlinggreen, and commanded almost a full and complete view of the park. There were about 50,000 persons then present. The opening ceremony was very simple and was soon gone tbrough. The mayor -ade some appropriate remarks on the advantages to be derived from the park, and concluded by declaring the park open for ever for the use aend recreat-on of the people of Blackbur The audience were then addressed br Mr. T. Dngdale, Alderman Cunningham (chalrman of the Park Committee), and Alderman Baynes. Hearty cheers ha ving been given for tbe mayor an.i rayoreses the whole of the guns in the fort were disaceAr in rapid sucesesion, and the procekssion retund to {he Town-ha4l w here a dinner was prePare, to which a,bO11i 200 ia downv.
. - : . LONDON, 21HUBDA Y, OCToBgB 2, 185T. 0- The Bombay Mail has brought Us fuvther intelligence as to the fall of Delhi, and, although these accounts are stiU meagre and unsatisfactory, enough is told to show with what indomitable vigour and determination the British troops advanced to the assault of the fortifications which sheltered that | band of execrable miscreants. The eiege train arrived on the 4th of September; with enormous. exertion the ponderous artilery was placed, in position by the 8th, and on the 13th the bastions and curtain against which ou0 fire was directed were mere heape of crumbling ruins. Now arrived the long looked-for day of retribution; the troops, like greyhounds in the slips, were eager to rush to the storm, and General WmIso,N isrued an order of the day as remarkable for its sense and firmness as those issued by the Supreme Government have been distinguished by totally opposite qualities. ThG Major-General praises his troops for the cheerful way in which they have supported their past toil, and warns them that greater labours are dtil to come, which must be borne as eheerfully. He "'feels assured " that Britirsh pluck and determination will carry " everything before them, and that tle bloodthirsty "and murderous ',nutineers will be driven head"long out of their stronghold or be exterminated." He " needs hardly remind the troops of the cruel " murders comraitted on their officers and com" rades, as well as their wives and children, to "c move them in the deadly struggle. No quarter "should be given to the mutineers; at the same "time, for the sake of humanity, and for the " honour of the country they belong to, he calls "c upon them to spare all women and children that " may come in their -way." It is impossible to convey in more precise terms than these the duty-no doubt X uncon" genial," but still a duty-which has devolved upon our Generals and soldiers in the East, at the very moment when the prestige of our rule so much depends on the confidence it inspires in its friends and the awe with which it is regarded by its enemies. When we find, then, that the lives of our couatrymen and the safety of the empire are periUed by an opposite policy, which by shielding s;he mutineers aud their accomplices maddens and drives our own regiments to mutiny, we are induced to interpose I and demand the abandonment of measures which every man of common sense must see can only lead I to more wide-spread disaster. We have akeady commented in severe terms on a recent notice issued by the GOVERNOR-GENERAL in C(ouncil as tencding to hamper the military authorities, and among the heads of intelligence br,ught by this mail one paragraph has roused the indli,.ation of all who read it. It is reported-and we shaU be glad to hear that iG is only a report-thaMTr. G. P. GRANT, member of the Supre.ne Council, has been sent up to <he disturbel ditricts, with power to control the Generab ib coramand in} the execution of martial 1 ; or i:ther, -we should say, that in defianic " v''Xim, Inter armct sitent leges, the (Go- h 5ERA andCouncil have decide' ."t u' .Yu, aw shall not be established even . .e.re our 3ittle columns are struggling in the midst of the vast armies of the insurgents. Thus it is plain that the proelamation of a few days before has not been allowea to remain a dead letter. A civilian, ignorant of military usages and military requirements, has arrived in camp to supersede the authority of the Generals at their own head-quarters. And what was the plaoe chosen for the first display of imbecile mercy ? It vas Cawnpore, where the streets are still rel with the blood of our slaughtered women and children, and where the ground has just closed over their mangled remains. General NEILL had taken 150 prisoners from among the fiends who a few weeks before had tied English women down in the public ways to violate them, and had chopped little children into bits in an orgie of bloodthirstinoss. The place had been retaken by our troops after a series of battles the heroism of which will be celebrated as long as the British name endures, and the natives were beginning to find that, though outnumbered twentyfold, the raco which had conquered the country had strength to hold it and to execute justice on evildoers. Those who are at all acquainted with Asiatic character will bear witness that the condigu plinishment of these rebels tanken in arms wvoul-l Lhave ihnalresse:a the country, far and near7 vith the conviction that we were powerful, and knew it, and were prepared to make others know it too. The effect of a summary execution would have been equal to another victory. Every tree and gable-end in the place should have its burden in the shape of a mutineer's carcass. Thus has treason been crushed in other places; thus have Scinde and the Punjab, aud even the Bombay Presidency, been preserved to us. But between justice and these wretches steps in a prim philanthropist from Calcutta. General NEILL is not even left to exercise his judgment within the narrow limits of the proclamation; but Mr. GRANT takes the command out of his hands, and directs not merely that the forfeited lives should be spared, not merely that the offenders' punishment should be commuted to transportation or perpetual imprisonment, but that they should be absolutely and unconditionally set at liberty. The telegraph may well inform us that the indignation was great and general at the leniency of the Government. The effect of this most scandalous proceedirng may possibly be to undo much of the good resulting from the fall of Delhi. Some of the men thus liberated were, we may be sure, in the camp of the enemy within 48 hours. MWat news were they likely to carry? That the Calcutta Government was afraid, that it dared not hurt a hair of their heads, that the GOVERNOR-GENERAL had sent one of his own Council to prevent the General in commald from touching them, that the English had found that they must coax the Sepoys back to their allegiance, and that if the Sepoys stood out they would soon have everything their own way. Is this any exaggeration of the view which a race so ignorant and vain would be likely to take of Mr. GRA?;Ts interference ? And when we have NENA SAHB with 30,000 savages between our little force and the nearly exhausted garrison of Lucknow, is it not time to remonstrate sternly against the pusillanimous lenity of the Government ? What the enemy is capable of we know already; what their notions and hopes are we may judge from the proclamations of NENA SAHiB, -which we print elsewhere. hrile the GovERxo:R-G NzRAL is dreaming of drawing back the mutinous Sepoys by kindness, the hero of Cawnpore is addressing his followers in a tone of the most self-complacent confidence. " As by the "Ikindness of GOD and the good fortune of the " ESIPXROB all the Christians who were at Delhi, " Poonab, Sattara, and other places, and even " those 5,000 European soldiers who went in dis"guise to the former city, have been sent to hell by the pious and sagacious troops . . ., it is " the duty of all the subjects and servants of the " Government to rejoice at the delightful intelliI" gence, and to carry on thei.r respective work with " comfort and ease." This proclamation of the NExNA was issued shortly after the attack on Cawnpore. and by the end of September he nsunt, though after three months of imnpunity, have begun to feel some doubts as to the stabi- a few of his confederates woruld, ne doubt, have served to quicken his apprehensions or those of his followers. He may indeed soon: learn to his cost that " the yellow-faced and narrow-mindbd people" have not been all " sent to hell ;" but if anything could maintain his delusion it woultl be such proceedings as have just taken place. Ean there really be a policy more suicidal than when the wlhole country is swarming with rebels,. who may disperse to-morrow or keep, the field for weeks, according as their fears or hopes prevai, for a Government to exhibit itself as afraid to aet with severity, and as endeavo=ring to draw back the Sepoys by inducements which they will be the first to deride ? We have before now made some observations on speeches at home which have indieated much of the same maudlin feeling of humanity. Here it is, indeed, harmless enough, but when. by communication or sympathy it is transmitted to those charged with the conduct of affairs it becomes a serious matter. To overcome such folly is as much a duty as to fight the enemy; and, indeed, why should we triumph at the fall of Delhi. or the victories of HAVELOCE ? They are gained at our o-wn expense. It is our roused apprehension of danger, struggling with the results of our want of foresight, it is bravery repairing the disasters caused by folly; it is ondurance making up for previous false confidence. Such blindness and perversity as have prompted the mission, of Mr. GRAZiT may, perhaps, have to oe expiated, by new calamities and repaired by new achievements. The Civil Government of India may rest assured that, whenever the time comes for reviewing its conduct, it will find it no easy task to stem ibe current of popular feeling, which' has set so strongly against it. It need not aggravate the difficulties of its position by wantonly insulting the feelings of every man, whether soldier or civilian, who is engaged in fighting its battles. "There is a time," says the wise man, "to kill, and a time to heal ;' each work has to be performed, but each in its own season, and Sir CCLLN CJAMPBELL must execute his mission before we can listen to the philanthropic proposals of Mr. GRANT. When the Duke of WELLINGTON was aaked what martial law meant, he replied, "No law at all, but the will " of the Commander-in-Chief." That is the law -which is now wanted for India.
Lies are very wrong tbings, very shocking things, but it must be admitted, nevertheless, that there is one exccuse for them-tleir extreme facility. A lie is the easiest crime which a man can commit; it is achieved by the simple natural motion of the tongue in the mouth, all the evolutioiis and revolutions of which instrument come of themselves, and perform the mind's bidding at a moment's notice, without any difficilty whatever. There is a proverb, or saying, about the tongue st.c;ng in the mouth when a mau tells Ld. It is wholly untrue; the tongue works quite as easily, glibly, and smoothly, its motion is as lithe and slick, when a statement is false as when it is true, and SHERIDAN'S correction of his friend, who said he wanted to go down a coalpit in order that he might say that he had been down one, is strictly and accurately trae" You could say that without going down a coal" pit." Lying is in substance simply speech; it is speech, indeed, which is contrary to fact, but this circumnstance does not interfere with and has nothing to do withl speech as such, which is a wholly neutral and strictly impartial natural organ, performing its functions with a disinterested -we might almost say an equitable and judicial -indifference to the question of fact one way or another. The tongue is no partisan, no sectarian; it is a citizen of the world; it does not undertake to decide between the merits of truth and falsehood. It performs its proper services to each in its turn, as it happens to be caled upon. It is a perfect machine for the production of truth; it is also a perfect machine for the production of falsehood. Such is the remarkable facility which nature affords for untrue statement to those who are willing to avail themselves of it. It puts the instrument into their hand, all ready for use and in work-ing order, and they have only to touch the handle. What an admirable, what an inviting, what a tempting engine I Is it not a shameful waste if we neglect so admirable a contrivance as this,-an actual instrument for creating facts, or what are as good as facts f(zr the timue, .and crcr:ag tLem lvit1r the smallest dilizult;? Who does not !ike to htste tigs his own way ? -who would not lie facts always to speak for him ? Very well, then, if the facts do not speak for him he speaks for the fasts, It is only a difference of means to the same end. Is not lying a part of the legitimate dominimt of man over nature? A good deal, we think, might be said in support of this thesis. The theory has a touch of boldnem, but after it had got over the difficulty of its first start it would gain ground and win over many 1 schools of casuists. Surely, when Nature herself turns temptress, and puts such an instrument into our hands, a man must be a moral hero or a saint not to uee it occasionally. Thanks, indeed, to a stern voice within, there are individuals who think it wrong to lie, but sects and parties, especially religious sects and parties, can hardly be said to be of this opinion. The sect is a natural liar, it is born with a lie in its mouth, which grows up with its growth, and multiplies. Every sect has its favourite customary set of statements, which it palms off upon the world for the purpose of adding to its respectability and reputation-statements of which it does not care to examine the truth, and of which it does not wish the world to examine the truth either. It is a customary Roman Catholic statement that half of the defence of this couutry is performed by Roman Catholics. Our Protestant public stares a little at this at first, but half acquiesces gradually in it, from thinking that a fact would not be stated so boldly if it were not true. Simple-minded public ! The remarks which we have just made will have enlightened you on that point. This Romanist statement is made up, first of a gross exaggeration, and next of a still grosser suppresaion. Instead of one half of our soldiers, hardly one-third of them are Romanists. B-ut this statement leaves out the Navy altogether, which numbers 70,000, of which not more than one or two per cent. are Romanist. So that, taking the two services together, the one-half which the Romanists claim of the defensive force of this country diminishes to about one-sixth. But we are not concerned with this fact any more than as it is connected with a subject about which Archbishop CtaLxLm published some statements a little time ago-the Patriotic Fund. We are not whole-length admirers of the general administration of this Fund, and we have objected to the Indian Relief Fund going into such dispensing hands, but, having made particular inquiry, we are obliged in common truth to say that Archbishop CuLLEN's complaints of the religious partiality shown in its management are grossly incorrect. There appears to be not one word of truth in the whole tissue of statements which the Archbishop has pubLished against the official dispensers of the Fund, hnd it is only lust to them to say that they court inquiry on this subject, and are ready to give the fullest and rnost accurate information about their own proceedings. Archbishop COuL7,s first charge was, that "the Catholic clergymen of Dublin had not ob"tained one shilling for the widows and orphans of soldiers kdlled in the Crimea for whom they had "made application ," and to this the reply of the Executive Committee is, that its agents disburse now iu Dublin alone 2,4001. annually. It isworth mentioning that the whole subscription, of Dublin to the Fund was 11,0001., a large proportion of which came from Protestants. We do not say that a Fund ought to be dispensed on any local principle such as this, but the fact should be observed. Ireland as a whole receives an- annual sum of 10,0001. from the Fund, the capitalized value of which, taking the average of 18 years for the lives of the recipient widows, is 180,000I-the whole of the Irish subscription having been only 60,0001., of which probably far the larger part came out of Protestant poekets. Seotland gave 148,0001., and only receives 5,0001. annuaUy. In short, it is as welI ascertained as anything can be that there is not in the whole of Ireland a single widow of a Crimean soldier who has been refused relief on any ground. And, with. respect to the agency for the administration of the Flund, the Executive Committee deny point blank Dr. CuLLEN's charge of having always employed " parsons" in Dublin, not one single Protestaut clergyman having ever been employed for this task, but always either Staff-officers of pensioners, or its own special agents. The charges of religious partiality in the matter of education of the children are equally groundless. It is quite true that the offers of the Sisters of Mercy and of St. Clare for this purpose were not accepted; but why ? Because the mothers, upon the offer being put before tbem, declined it in behalf of their children. But, though the children have not been put under particular Roman Catholic orders to be educated, they have beea sent to Roman Catholic schools, not one single Roman Catholic child above the age of 7 not having been thus provided for in the way of instruction. Dr. CULLEN complains of 2,50o. having been given to two Protestant day schools at Portsmouth and Plymouth out of the Fund, but he should really remember that a very large part of this Fund is Protestant money, and that Protestant children require education as well as Roman Catholic. Considering that, as we have said, not more than 1 or 2 percent. of our sailors are Roman Catholic, this is by no means an extravagant sum to give towards the education of the children of the very large Protestant remainder. The truth is, the gross religious partiality with which Dr. CULLEN charges the Executive Committee of the Patliotic Fuind lwould be impossible at this day. Public opinion woould not allow it, and, witlh respect to original admission to the benefits of the Fund, such a fault is excluded by the very maclinery of its administration, which gives no clue whatever to the religion of the applicant, excepting the medium of application chances to be a Roman Catholic clergyman, in which case the clue is very soon lost, inasmuch as no record of the medium of application is kept.
" Highways and byways" used to be a phrase comprehending all the ways of a country, but a third kind of way is now likely to come into use, and not before its time. We are to have "sub" ways," and no person living in this city will deny the want of them. Half the business of London appears to lie five feet underground, and there is at present no way of getting at it except through the pavement. Not only are new schemes of sewerage perpetuaUy afloat, hut sewers now represent only a portion of our subterranean machinery. Every tenement demands its own water supply; a dozen companies employ themselves in furnishing the necessary element, and every company has its own system of pipes. It is the same with gas, which is carried through infinite ramifications of tubes under every roadway by a score of rival establishments. To house drains, and water mains, and gas pipes we must now add telegraph wires, wvhich conduct for us an underground correspondence almost as active as that of the post. As a matter of course, what with changings, choppings, mendings, and movings, some part or o1ther of this multiplied machiery is always needing attention, and in order to attend to it we pull up the roadwvay, and so destroy the street or the pavement altogether for tho tijn being. We will undertake to say that on any, given morninig a good proportion of our Lopicij thoroughfares *will be f-und, impassable. Sornetimes balf-a-dozon streets i-t scecession ar^,'JjQqked up, Iuntil a lll..U coes toc is witas cnd 4tEi Dsj to get from oai quarter of the inveropolis to anothe4' The Cons6i4tionldl told us the other day that we English could! afford to sneer at the passport system because we did not know what it was to have barricades in our capitaL Not know barricades, indeed ! 'Why, we are never withoutthem. The whole art and system of thege obstructions has been refined to the highest pitch of excellence among us, and is practised incessantly. We wish our contemporary would take a cab at Charing-cross and try his hand at getting to any, of our metropolitan railway stations. Afore he had gone 500 yards he would fiod out the shape which street revolutions take in England. Our red flag is a wisp of straw-a handbarrow turned upside down-a heap of stones in the middle of the road, like some dismal cairn on a Scotch mountainsometimes only a mere paviour's rammer; but tbe symbol in each instance is omnipotent, and submission a matter of absolute necessity. GEssrae'? hat upon its pole was not more expressive of publiG bondage than these simple emblems. They meau that some company or other requires the street for the day or the week, as the case may be, and' that the thoroughfare is therefore closed to all other creatures. Imagine a man pulling up the floor of his dirning room every time he wanted to fetch a bottle of port from the cellar. That is about the character of our London practice in this matter. We cannot say exactly in what reign it was discovered that a permanent flight of steps to the basement story was a very convenient arrangement, but we know that as regards our roadways tbe analogous idea was only struck out last week. "Subways," or ways for getting at the works under the pavement otherwise than through the pavement itself, are creations of yesterday, and are still, indeed, in the first and moat rudimentary stage of being. The Metropolitan Board of Worka has the merit of initiating the movement-a, highly natural rerit certainly, for, except through some such consummation as that projected, we do, not see how the Board is to keep access to its own domain. The functions of this tribunal are performed under our feet; in fact, it is bewildering to think what an amount of adtministration and taxation is involved in transactions two yards beneath the pavement. It is reported of certain ancient cities that the architecture above ground was surpassed by the architecture below, and such will soon be the case, we should think, in London, judging by the rate of cost. Most people, we suspect, pay more for sewers rates than they do for house-tax, and the demand gets larger and larger. Naturally, therefore, the Board of Works wants to set at its kingdom-its dominion -where it expends so much money and contemplates so much improvement. So some premiums were offered for the best plans of subways-ways which would allow the business of people below to- be conducted without prejudice to that of people above. We think the principle of this arrangement very reasonable. It would have been hard if Mir. BPuEI, had claimed a right of stopping the Thames during the time he was building his tunnel. We cannot profess the least surprise at hearing that there was a "considerable similarity" between the plans proposed for terminating our present difliculties. If a premium had been offered for the best method of procuring a roast pig without burning a house down, the similarity of the propositions -would probably have been considerable on that occasion also. One competitor after another showed with great simplicity that a subway, or road large enough for a man to walk in, could be constructed underneath the pavement of the street ; that gas pipes, -water pipes, and telegraphic wires could be arranged on either side of it, so as to admlit of the easiest possible access, extension, or repair; and that from tbis subway approaches could be opened to the sewers also, as occasion required. The great distinction was in the estimate of cost, but according to the highest reckoning it would not take above 50, 000. or G0,0001. to make a subway the whole length of the Strand; according to the lowest biddings scareely a third of the sum. On the point of expense, however, we say but litde, and for this simple reason-that subways will soon become so necessary as to be inevitable, whether they cost much or little. Let no innocent householder imagine that because he has had a fortnight of open trenches before his door he will therefore be secure from all such annoyance for soine time. The water company may vwant his stree t the very minute after the gas company has done with it, and after both of them have been used up for the moment a day of such rain as we had last week may set the Sewers Commissioners on bim for a month to come. Certainly we cannot think without a shudder on the rate which may be struck for the construction of a crypt as big as London, but what are we paying as it is? What do tradesmen lose by having their customers dliven away for days together? WVhat do all of us lose by breathing the effluvium of open sewers nnd leaky gas pipes all day ]ong-by finding that a main thoroughfare is reduced to half its width for a week or two, and that one out of five streets is utterly impassable for the same length of time? Perhaps even all this damage might be endured if it w ere manifestly terminable, but the worst of it is that the certainty is exactly the other way. What with the extension of telegzaphic communication, what with the improvements in the water and gas supplies, anid what, above all, with the approaching main drainage scheme, it is beyond all doubt that the regions just beneath our feet will be more in request for the next few years than they have ever been before. The subsoil of oulr streets is likely to be as much frequented as their surface, and if we can but manage that the formiier shal be accessible w-ithout the destruction of the latter, there will be nothing to complain of in the fact. All these proceedings represent improvement; we only want the means of setting about them conveniently. Eventually, in fact, it wouild come to this-that we must either hare subways as well as other subterranean machinery, or forego all these accommodations together.
COURT CIRCULAR. WIN-DSOR, Oc. 28. The Queen returned from the Wellington College about 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Prince Arthur and tho Princesses Alice, Helena, and Louisa took a carriage drive. In the evening her Royal Highness the Duchess of Ient dined with Her Mdjesty. The Right Hon. R.I Vernon Smith, Mrs. Vernon Smith, the Deo.n of Windsor. and the Lon. Mrs. Wellesley had the honour of being invited. The band of the Royal Hlorse Guards played during dinner. OverhiurBarcarollel .. .. .. .. .. Auber. Decritive FntuWP, tn four port-Tbo Chlw. the Danmop the litorm, the Pgayew. . . . Konnerann. Quadrlfle-Court of L James.. D'Albert. Sc.hon, .Meyerbeer. Her Majesty's private band afterwards attended in the Castle, and performed the following pieces:- Owertmro--- eluAuna .. .. .. .. .. bIcedewobm. Jani;sie sur des Mlotifs de Mozart et de Beethoven. huorns and Idceb-. Indam M ab£luuL" .. .. {aLsi. se1eetion-" Traviata .. . . . . The Queen and Prinoe Consort, accomPaniod by the Princess Royal, rode out on horseback this torerneon. The Hon. Eleanor Stanleyk )taior-GoneralBouwz4e and ColoneL P. H. Soymonor were in attendance. The Right Hon. It. Vernon Smith =cd. MIrs. Vernoz Smith left the Csst) fur London. *Viscoant andl Visnutess Palmern brol:8ived in L- > yesterda&y from Broadh.,ds. Haots. l)"paxtes from tbe Govero..x,sof. Fvongkong. CeFyan, ai;l AWLsi wexe received yestvrs4 At the Ooienli&! .ficQe
COMMEROIAL NTELLIGENCE. BOMBAY MARKET. Fit'biBF-TEmERTo CO~OT1?. Xhe English maul from London of the 26th of August last reached Bombay in the afternoon of the 19th of Sep. tember, per Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Pekin. We have no change to report in eur money-market during the fortnight. Money continues ea and abundant in the Bazaar, and Bank rates of interest remain unchanged -viz., 6 to 9 per cent. Government paper has ralied a littlet and we quote Fours 82, and Fives 92; few bnyers. OQr local joint-stock shaes keep pretty fir. IMPORTS. Cotton Plece Goods-Oar active season may now be considered to have fairly commencedL The accounts of the prospects of the harvest from the interior are very favoarable. Our importmarket has exhibited considerable activity, and prices have advanoed. Extensive business has been done, principally in gray shirtings ; T-cloths have bsee scarce; dhoties are in demand. The prices of gray goods have advanced generally. Bleached and Fancy Goods.-In bleached goods we have no exchange in prices to notice. Turkey red is steady, with a slight advance. Yarns.-An improvement has taken place in the value of these. Metals.-The demand for English bar iron has increased; while no change worth noticing has taken place in the other staples, which continue steady. Marine Stores.-700 barrels of Swedish tar, at 6r. 12an. per candy. Splrits.-300 dozen of Marzetti London bottled beer In quarts, at 4r. 12an. per dozen; 76 dozen ditto in pints, at 3r. per dozen; 30u dozen of London bottled Bass beer, at 5r. per dozen; 600 dozen of London bottled porter, at 3r. 14an. per dozen; 100 dozen of RDobinson Crown port wine, at 18r. per dozen; 275 dozens of sherry wine, at 13r. 8an. per dozen; 60 dozen ofpert wine, at 13r. 8un. Exrolt!s. Cotton WooL-The market continue firm. The news of an advance in the rates of cotton which we recetved by the English mail of the 26th August has had the effect of creating animation in the market, and much business haa been transacted at an advance of 10 or 12 rapees per candy. We quote Surat and Broach at 156-54r. *Dholera, 160-61r.; Oomoravuttee, 149-51r.; Compta, 176-177r.; Mangarole, 147-48r.; and Khsndeish, 141.4 r. Oil 8eeds.-This market eontinues firm, and we have no alteration to notice. Opium.-A small stock of the new d~ has come to hand, and we nowv quote 1,510r. to 1,525r. per chest. Tonnage.-The rates of freights for the united kln dom have remained nearly steady, and we now quote 21. s. to I Exchange has ruled at 2s. 1fid, for first-clasw bils until yesterday, when buyers gave way and the rate fell to 2s. lid. six months' sight. On Calcutt sight is 103r. On. CsO u 60 days' sight, 220r. BOMIBAY MsONEY MARET. Exchsange.-On London.-6 months' slght .Octohr 2. g2s. 1 13-16d. for doct. bills; 6 months' sight, 2s. 11-16d. for crdt. bills. On Calcutta.-69 ds ys' sighs, 100ir. to 101r., 30 days' sight, l01Xr. to 102r.; at sight, 103ir. to 103r. On Madras.- .30 days' sight, 100r.; at sight, 100$r. On Chlna.-60 days' siah , 22r, to 223r. Bank and other Shares.-Bank of Bombay, 1,000r. each, 30 per cent. prem.; Oriental Bank Corporation, 250r. do., 52 percent. prem.; Commercial Bank, 500r. do., 21 per cent, prom.; Mercantile Bank, 250r. do., 33i per cent. prem.; N. W. Bank of India, 400r. do., nominal; Agra Bank of India, 500r. do., 3.5 per cent. prem. ; Bank of Madras of India, 1L000r. do., 11 per cent. prom.; Apollo P. Com. of India, 12,000r. do., 20,000r. 24,000r.; Colaba P. Com. of India, 26,700r.; Hydraulic P. Company, paid up, 4,000r., 7,000r.; Cotton pinning Com any, paid up, 4,000r., 800r. prem.; Orien Weaving and pSinning, psaid up, 500r., 140 per cent. prem.; East India Spinning snd Weaving Company, paid up, 5or., lr. per cent. prem.; Colaba . Com. of India, 10,000r. each, 8,500r. sellers; B. S. N. Com. of India, 500r. do., 8 dis.; Gr. Ind P.R. Com. of India, 218r. 3a. paid in Bombay, or 201. pm. in England, 5 per cent. dis.; do. Now Shares, paid up, 21-13-1 at 21. per share prem, 1; r. per share. Government Securities.-Four per Cent. Transfer Loans 88r. nominal per 100 sicca; Four per Cent. Loan, 1832.33, 88r. per 100 sicoa; Four per Cent. Loan, 1835-36, 8lir. per 100 Co.'s; Four per Cent. Loan, 1842-43, 8lAr. nerlo0o Co.'s; New Five per Cent. Loan, 91r. per 100 Co.s. Prices of Bullion.-Sovereigns, each, 10jr.; Bank of England notes, 9-14 to 10r.; Spanish dollars, 232r. per 100; Republic dollars, 220r. to 222r. per 100; German crowns, 215r. to 216r. per 100; sycee silver, 105r. per 100 tolas; gold leaf (range of quality) 16sr. per toia; gold ingots, a ccording to touch, for 97 touch 16'r per tola. Freights.-Cotton: To London 2 5s. b,per ton; to Liverpool 21. 5s. nor ton; to Calcutta 385r. to 400r, per rass.; to China 8r. to 9r. per candy. CALCUTTA MARKET, SEPT. 24. Since our Iast issue under date the 9th inst. we have been in receipt of London advices to the 10th ult., by the Penin. sular and Oriental Company's steamship Nubia. The commercial intelligence can hardly be said to have produced any effect on onr trade, which cannot be expected to experience any marked improvement so long as affirs in the upcountry in general remain in that deplorable and disorderly state as for some time past. The operations, therefore, during the past fortnight have again been on a very limited scale. Our produce market has oontinued without any alter. ation; irregular supplies, high prices of many staple articles, a tight money-market, and a gradually advancing exchange all having combined to curtail operations for the British markets. Very little has been doing in sugar. Salt. petre lower in value, thotigh stocks very smalL No change in rice. Raw silk has deolined considerably. A small business has been done in ooeabs at reduced rates. Linseed in better demand and prices higher. Jute lower. Lac dye unaltered. Shell lac continues in good demand. Castor oil higher in value. Nothing done in cutch. The improvement in our import market, which we re, ported in our last, though partial and caused by increased local demand, has oontinuea, and holders have been enabled to effect sales in some iustanoes at enhanced prices. But, in the absence yet of an inquiry for the Unper Provinces, the transactions must be considered limited and the improvo. ment temporary. Native dealers have been more eager purchasers of gray shirtings, jaconots, and Madapollams, but as the annual Doorgah Poojah holydays commenced yesterday, and wil continue for nearly a fortnight, the interval till theo departure of the next mai will be marked by a total oessa- tion of business. Figured shirtings and brocades have likevwse boen in better request at improved figures. The favourable position of the twist market has been main. tained. In metals the transactions are still coufined to small purchases for local requirements. Little doing in salt. Money-Market.-Although there has been no alteration in the rates charged by the Bank of Bengal, the position of this market at the present moment must be considered more unfavourable than at the date of our last. The difficulty ex. rioncedin obtaining accommodation on deposit of unooubted securities, even at very high rates oe interest, has caused much embarrassment among commercial classe The Bank of Bengal authorities continue to decline granting loans on deposit of Government securities except to parties of undoubted credit, and then even In moderate sums and at a much higher margin than what has been fixed by themselves. We understand in the Bazaar native capitalists have obtained as high as two or three per cent. per month by advances on opium, but these rates of course must be considered as the exception, and not the rule By the last statement of Liabilities and Assets of the B;nk of I Bengal for the week onding on the 16th instant we observeo that the amount of cash in the Bank has further declined from 77,12,305r. 4-2 on the 2d inst.,to Co.'s rs. 58,53,409 6-61 which Is about one-third of the amount in tho Rank thI. time last year. The decrease has been gradual for some time past, and might prove a source of embarrassment to the Bank if not checked by timely reUef. We hear the Bank authorities have latterly declined to diswount even Mint certificates, and likewise Government acceptanoes having 15 days to mun, We insert below the lst weekly statement of its assets and liabilitie6, dated the 16th inst.:- Proprietors' capital . . 1,07,00,000 0 0 Reserve fand. 4,33,655 4 8 Current accounts . 58, 61,107 1 4 Cash credits undrawn .15,23.353 7 7 Other claims 1,62,72 11 0 Bank-notes and post bills 1,62,85,765 8 8 Total Company's rupees ... 3,49,66,603 0 0 ASSkrs. Government securites. 25,79,153 8 9 Dues from Government .14,941 11 6 Mint Certificates, Undue. 16,00,886 11 0 Cash 58,53,409 6 6 Loans on deposit of securities . 2,04,71,034 3 12 Accounts of credit on ditto 25,27,751 8 0 Government bills discounted 7,33,016 3 9 Mercautile bills discounted '..,48,767 3 8 Dead stock, L87,642 8 5 Total Company's rapees ... 3,49,66,603 0 0 JOI-STOCK S E The position of the money market, and the inability of the Bengal Bank to advance further on Government Securities have naturally tended to depress tbe market for joint-stock shares generally. Holders, however, are not inclined to make sacrifices, and the majority of our companies Are in a sound and satisfactory position. Bengal Bank shares can scarcely be sold at our quotations. Agra Bank scrip Is in favour. some NozthWestern Bank shares have been sold at a lower rate, the assets of this Bank having been overvalued in the last half-yearly returns. In Bengal Coal shares or East Indin Coal shares we have head of no transactions. The demand for coal continues extensive, the requirements of the Government and the Railway Company being large. The India General has declared a dividend of 80r. per share for the past half-year, and our quotations are ex-dividend. The Stesm Tug Compauy has likewise divided 60r. *-share for the past half-year, or equal to 12 per cent, per annum. In ,Ganges shares nothing is doing, and they are in less ,favour. GovxRsaMqT SBCURINs. The difficulty, and in some instenoes the impossibility, of raising mone for Immediate purPos on deposit of theme papers by which holders have been placed under the neces,sity ola;ing heavy sacrifices to supply their wants, has h the effect of causing a further depreciation in the value of all descriptions of Government securities sinoe our ast. We understand Co.'s Four per Cents were placed s ilow as 34r. per cent, discount; bat we are happy to observe that a& better feeling has prevailed during the last few days, and, capitalists having come forward and made purchass, rates have improved partially. We quote to-dayCmnany' Fours at 28r. 8a. to 29r., and Fives at 13r 8a to 14 per cent. In Three-and-a-Half and Four.aud.a-Ralf per Cents scarcely anything doingandvaluenomia TheBankofBen, at resent holding a large amount of securitie on which loansadbeenadvancedtodiffwrentarties rho havebeenun. ablA, inconsequenoe of the great fal in the value, to clear the securities. The determination of the Bank's authorities in not throwing the papers on the market wre consider a very wise one, as the opposite course would no doubt have led not only to serious loss both to the parties and the Bank, but vrould have likewrise caused a fearful depreciation of the securities. On London.-The market for the present mail openC ed at 2 3, to 2 3j for frat-elas creditss but latterly ' the rates declined a little, and the Bame papers were placedl atl 2 I3M, Somne local bank bills were also sold at first at 2 3i, and subsequently at 2 3 per :rnpee, At closing, the market had an upward tendenoy. Document ! haTe ruled at 2r 30d to 2s.3a. On Chinaa moderate amount of business has been done at 21Ors. per $100, there being very few buyers. The requirements of tonnage for ll parts proved mode. rate in consequence of the shortness of supplies of produce, combined with the maintenanoe of high prices and the riso in the exchange, which have checked shipments; our rates since our last have assumed a downward tendency. The avallable tonnage in the harbour is still sgiolently large, and as a large addition is expected before the and of the year there is little dispostion on the part of the shippers to enter Into engagements until after the holydayM which commenoed from yesterday, and will terminate about the 4th proximo. For London we note to-day 31 and for Liverpool 21. 12s. 6d. to 21. 15. for a fair descriptlon of cargo. No cargo has been offering for the 1uropean continent, and no oharters effected for Australia, although for the latter place several ships are on the berth, having come to onr port under charter. For the West Indies 2. IQO. has been -ccepted for rice. For China, owing to receipt of favourable advices from that cOuntryasto rice, considerable engagements have&aken place, commencing at $1 annd conduding at 95o. a bag, but at present not more than 90c, is being offered for moderate. sized vessels To Mauritlus our rates have been decllning gradually from ir. lOa. to Ir. 4a. a bag. Very little golng forward to France, one vessel only having With dfliculty obtained dead weight at a heavy reduction ln ratte to enble her to secure in retail 150 er ton for light goo" The 'demand for the Straits of lacca has been supp)led, several vessels having been fixed already. Very low offers are made for Bombay, and hardly 18rs. a ton (gunnies 14 cirt. to the on) can be got nor for smll vessels. For Madras atnd Colomboscarcely anything offering, and we quote 25 rs. per ton as the rate for small parcels For Rangoon and Moulmain out rates have continued to rule at 15 rs. to 16 ra. per
BGYPT. (FROM OUv OWN CORREPONDENT.) ALXANDRIA, OcT 20. The Sultan, with two companies of the Royal Engineers en route to Bombay and Calcutta, arrived at Alexandria on the 15th inst. On account of the difficulty there would have been in providing them with comfortable acoommodation at Suez, the men were kept on board the Sultan until after the arrival of the Nubia from Calcutta on the 17th inst. They went forward from Alexandria on the evening of the followlng day, and were to embark imnmediately on their arrival at Suez>. The troops who arrived from Malta per Ripon were conveyed from ship to ahip in about 27 hours, and the arrangements on the present occasion were the same as thoso made before. The men were landed outside the walls of the town, at a spot about 10 minutes' walk from the railway station, whence they travelled by rail direct to the extremity of the line in the Desert, performing the remaining distance to Suez (about 25 miles) in the usual vans. The conduct of the men was most orderly. A lusty chorus, which on several occasions proceeded from the carriages, testified to their good humour; and any petty discomforts of the journey through Egypt were quite unheeded in their satisfaction at travelling "like gentlemen." The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamers Colombo and Vectis reached Alexandria with the outward India mail yesterday morning, and the Pekin from Bombay anchored at Suez at about the same time. It is currently reported that we shaU shortly see Prince Napoleon in Egypt, and, although no official communication has been received on the subject, the report seems to be well founded, one of the Viceroy's palaces being already under preparation for the reception of the Prince. It lis added that he will visit the Isthmus of Suez Desert, to inspect the track of MA de Lesseps' proposed ship canal, and there are already symptoms of the report having a stimulating effect upon the value of the canal share& The anticipated visit of Prince Napoleon wiU for some time delay Said Pasha's long-talked of journey to Soudan. The British community in Egypt have foUowed the example of their fellow-subjects at home and are making their contributions in aid of the indian Relief Fund. A meeting was convened at the Consulate of Alexandria, when, after a resolution expressive of their sympathy with the sufferings of their countrymen in Bengal, subscription lists were forthwith opened. The sum collected up to the present is 4001., which it is to be hoped wil be raised to about 5001., and will be further increased by contributions from Cairo, where similar steps are in progress. The Nabob of Surat, who arrived from Marseilles by the French steamer on the 12th inst., has taken his passage to Bombay by the Pekin. Rer Majesty's steamer Osprey arrived from Constantinople on the 9th inst., with despatches from the Embassy for the Consulate, and started again next day on her way back. On the 16th inst. the Russian frigate Vulcan arrived at Alexandria from the coast of Syria. Business in our corn-market is much restricted, owing chiefly to the lightness of the supplies from the interior. The native producers are unwilling to submit to present prices, after having received such high rates for several seasons past. This state of things must naturally soon terminate, but their being able to hold out so long affords pretty good proof of the prosperous condition of our agriculturists. Saide wheat is quoted at from 32s. to 353. per quarter, free on board; beans, 29s. 6d. to 31s. 6d. Thecotton-market continues very firm, but the atocks of last year's staple are all but exhausted. A few trifling parcels of the new crop have, however, already commenced coming to market. Exchanges are firm, with a limited supply of paper. The closing rate by tShis mail for three months' bills on London wras 102k piastres per pound sterling; Marseilles, 4f.93. to 4f.96c. per dollar. CRYSTAl PAIACE.-ONce SHLaXKG DAT, Wednesday, Oct. 28.-Admions on payment, 1,150 ; ditto by seaon tickets, 245; total vitors, 1,395.
FOREIGN INTBLLIGENCB. FRANCE. I (Frxox oUv owN CO1RFArOND T.) PARIS, OCT. 27, 6 P.M. A few of the Paris pipers are very angry with Redtchid Pasha and Lord Stratford de Redeliffe. The Patrie, in particular, utters not onlyreproaches, but sfomething like menace against the Sultan for presuming to change his Minister. Until a fewb days before his recentnomination to the poet of Grand Vizier Redachid Pasha was a statesman of "lofty intelligence, consummate experience, profound knowledge of all political questions," &c. All that is changed since he fell into the hands of Lord Stratford. These changes at the Porte, the certainty that Austria, Prussia, Turkey, and England agree on the question of the Principalities, and the prospect of France beingalmost alone, havedisturbed the sylvan sports of Compiegne. The French Foreignoffice, perhaps from dislike to Austria or partiality to Russia, had urged on the question of the Principalities with inconsiderate zeal, and it is no doubt mortifying to be obliged to retrace its steps. It is Maid that a deputation lately waited on the French Comminsioner at Bucharest in order to inform him of the intention of a great number of Roumans to propone a French Prince as the candidate for the united crown of Moldo-Wallachia, and that the reply was that the Government of the Emperor, acting from a sentiment of delicacy, declined putting forward any French Prince as a candidate. M. Thouvenel has again requested leave of absence from his post at Constantinople, and it is believed among official people that his object in coming to Paris is to demand a definitive change. I suppose he has had enough of Lord Stratford and Redschid Pasha. The Patnie thus gives vent to its wrath " Were this return of favour only one of those caprices which lower or raise the fortune of favourite8, we should not attach more importance to it than to msny other incddents of the history of Courts, in which so many secret motives and mysterious movements of the human heart direct at times the greatest events. But in this case the return of Redschid Pasha is not only a revolution of the seraglio,-it is the oertain indication of an entire modifiea. tion in policy which may lead Tarkey into a dangerous path, contrary to her most evident interest and to the sentiment and the right of Europe. Redschid Pasha has long been in Turkey the representative of the Rteform party; and his lofty intelligence, consummat3 experie.ce, profound knowledge of all political questions, and the share he has had in the reforms that have bees accomplished cause hitn to be considered in Europe as the most Important statesman of his country. Unfortunately, he has not been able to maintatn the independence necessry for playing the part to which he seemed to apire. He has, with a weakness which Is to be regretted, abandoned himelf to influences which he ought to have dominated and not been subjected to. Eis talent and renown permitted him to act as a master; his character reduces him to be only the instrument of Lord Stratford de Red- MM-fr Tf U.n -"- ^* V--u,1t la - - w -- _L that Turkey has entered the path of rosistance,itis; great imprudence, for the rosistance of Turkey can change nothing in the wMll or the right of Europe. But there would not only be imprudence on the part of Turkey in isolating herself from the opinions and counsels of France-there would be ingratitude. The Climea is stUl black with the blood of our soldiers; our armies and our fleets have only quitted the East, after hav. ing supported an heroio conflict; we have disbursed nearly two milliards (80,000,O0W0 sterling), and sarifioed nearly 200,000 men. Such great services deserved more regard. Sinoe they seem to be forgotten so quickly at Constanti. nople, we have, perhaps, the right to recaU them to mind, not as a reproach, nor as a menaoe, but as a testimony of the power of our policy. If Turkey should compromise SD thoughtlessly the results of this war which we waged for her, it must be known that France will not allow them to be forfeited, and that in maintaining them she wiU be in acoord with the conscience and interest of aU the States of which she is tho ally, and of all that have placed their confidenee in her." The Pays thus reflects on the same subject " Only a few months ago Redschid feU from power rather than concede to the majority of the European Powers the annulment of the iUegal elections which had taken place in Moldavla; and, as the natural conseqaence of that event, the principal support of Redsohid, Lord Stratford de Red. c.lffe, was compeUed to sacrifice his personal ideas to the clearly-expressed policy of his Government. It has frequently been said-and it is a fatality which weighs on the public life of Pedschid Pasha-that that statesman cannot exist without Lord Redcliffe. On the other hand, the English Ambassador cannot retain his predominant influence unless when Pedschid is Miniser. The Porte has long struggled in vain against this twofold influence, which has been more injurious to It than can be well imagined. History wiUl judge whether Turkey has well understood her part and her destiny, and will declare whether the Government of the Porte has well appreclated the extent of its obligations towards the Western Powers, aud particularly towards France, the oldest, and, it may be said without wounding the feelings of any one, the most disinterested of Its alies, History will state that in the three years which have followed the conclusion of the treaty of Paris the Porte has appearod more occupied in turning to account its benefits than in accepting its prescriptions ; and that the remembrance of the services which it has received has generally appeared rather to embarrass than to guide it in its line of conduct. We do not see that in reality the Porte has gained anything by allowing itself to be thus led away into a path where more than one snare is prepared for it. Public opinion has by degrees deserted i', and even feels astonished at havmg ever felt so much interest in its fate. The last episode whicb has just crowned the long series of intrigues will not restore to Turkey what she has lost in the sympatbies of the civiiized world. The last question which remains to be settled according to the solutions indicated in tho treaty of Paris, that of the Principalities, rill shortly be brought forward before the Congress. The new combination adopted by the Porte appears to indicate an intention of a struggle. Happily, the European Govermnents do not allow themselves to be guided either by the passions or the excitement of the moment, and whatever may be the sense of what has jutt taken place at Constantinople, it is certain that the Western Powers will not for an instant depart from that spirit of justice and moderation whioh has always animated them." It happens that the Court never goes to Compi8gne but that rumours are sure to circulate of some extraordinary incidents or other taking place there. The Emperor, on his return from the Camp of Chalons, would have preferred spending the remainder of the autumn at St. Cloud, but the ladies of the Court thought otherwise, and he was forced to yield. On the present occasion some aecidents are said to have occurred from the awkwardne of the Nimrods, or, in the hurry of the ?n$Ue, which were near being serious. An orderly officer, rumour says, has had a ball through his hat, and a trooper of the Cent Garde received the contents of the Grand Huntsmaan's gun in his leg, or arm. There are other rumours, too, which for the present I forbear to allude to, as I am not sure of the source from which they proceed. Some think the Court will return to Paris sooner than originally purposed. Others that it will remain till the 20th of November. A reduction to the amount of l3,0O0000Of. is demanded in the estimates of the 'War-office; this means a reduction in the army. The Emperor at a Cabinet Council held yesterday at Compiagne decidedly set his face ag,ain3t the project for the forced circulation of then notes of the Bank of France. M. Ferdinand Lesseps has had an auldience of the Emperor previous to setting out for Constantinople. Tle Three per Cents. closed to-day at 66f. 8O. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f. 75c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,300f.; Great Northern, 870f.; Strasburg, 670f. New Shares, 6GOf.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterrnean, 830f£; WVestern of France,6GOof.; Bordeaux and Cette,525f. ; Great Central of France, G01f. 25c.;Lyons and (ieneva, G06f.;* Bank of Credit Mobilier, T772f. 60c.; Austrian Railways, 6,70f.; Roman Rtailways, 490f.; Russian Railways, 500F. Cours Autciqu -PARis, Ociober 27.-Cash PricesFour-and-a- Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 re 9of. 2;c. -0a. 75e. ; Four per Cents., 79f. Three per Cents. 66f. 75G. S.5c. 70c. 65c. 60Oc.65c.75O.SOe . Kc66O.90O. Bank of Franoe, 2,390f.; ditto (550!. paid), 2,990f.; Cr6dit Fonrter Obligations of 00!., Four per Cents., 430f.; ditto, Three per Cents,, 390f.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 55f. - ditto, Terths, Three per Cents. 80f.; Credit Mobller, 780f. 777f. 50c. 775f. 767f. 50c. 765f. ; Discount Bank-, 650. - Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f. 90f. 25Oc. 0c.: Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 99; Romans, S 71; Spanish Three per Cents., Interior Debt, 38 3, i Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 324o.; money, 25f. 2, o. three months, paper, 24f. 80.; money, 24f. 77jc. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR OWV COORRSPON"EN.) BERLIN, Ocr. 26. To-day the Prince of Prussia camse into Berlin for the first time since his undertaklng the conduct of public sffairs last Saturday, and tracted business for several hours. To-day, as on Saturday, he was accompanied by Prince Frederic Wilhelm, who in this way acquires a closer initiation into Govemi-
THE BATTLE OF THE TELEGRAM; or, LANGUAGE IN 1857. (From Punch.) "0 fortunati nimium! n the sage Of Mantua styled the farmers of his aoe- Knaves who on Pan-pipes strove for cheese and curds, Rough as their goats, and playful as their herds. Such praise as this, and happiness the same, English grammarians for themaelves may claim, So singularly clear the meaning seems Of each new word invented in their dreams; Brown cannot dress (his very words I quote) Save in a " normal" waistcoat, " normal" coat; Jones cannot eat potatoes, if not done In an " anhydrohepseterlon," Jane too, at Hastings, as the breeze she courts, Her "Alee-Kephalee-skepasteer" sports. IA7 son, young Tom of Trin. Coll., Oxbridge, raves InTlennysonian strains of wind8 and waves, Of deep "wasthetic" gushings, gew-gaws rare, And " crisp6d " smiles, and " glory-crowned " hair; Of sluumbrous caves where " Claribel low lfeth," Where the wind "HIspeth," aud the brook "replieth," And " telleth" tales of him who waliked abroad On "wannish" evenings with his " #now-limb'd" Ifaud When "dry-tongued" lauzels "pattered" in their talk To " perky" larches in the garden walk I Now Tom's young friend from Wadham all last Long In Keats, and Milnes, and Baily came out strong; O'er Hiawatha dropped the frequent tear, And means to win the Newdegate next year. -And oft I saw him reading to Miss Frith Thy terse grammatic las, sublime A. Smith! She 'weep"-I listen to the strain which thrills W,vith "passon-panting" seas, and "yearning rills," Wi;lth "king-thou2hts' grand, and "ruffian" wnds that hlowl Through aroasqlone where " cras " polleemen prorl, She trembles as she reads-"Tear-dabbled, fair 'That white, white face, hid in a night of hair;It comes !-while winks 'the penitential moon,' Even at 'the bridegroom sea ! '-it comes too soon, I hear ' faint tricklng sounds,' and ' dim halloos, In 'sanded bars' where Jeames the egg-flip brews,My brain reels dizzy, and that white, white face, By some strange fancy has become a brace! " Now, Sir, (as men address the mighty Times), I do protest against these novel rhymes How, In the name of goodness, can a star " Yearn in its pulses through a cloud afar? How can a "half-smile dwell" on Emma's lips, "Touching, yet settling not upon the tips 7' How can "deep sience" be a " grim ravine That never dared to laugh in Spring's bright green ' -In vain I strive to solve these mystic strains, And leave their riddles for Tom's clearer brains. -And, Sir !-not only do the poets rave In " sensuous" raptures over grammar's gravo; But Tom now saya that our philologists Seem likely to Droceod from words to fists, While pugilistic Oxford dares to cram Poor sickening Cambridge with a Telegram I Who, 'when " firstolass men" scuffle, shall decide, When oach claims " every schoolboy" on his aidde Lost in a labyrinth of " gr%ha" and " grams," We still should blunder twLxt trueowords and sh1aa Let, then, poor erring " telegram," be shriven, And take the sanction that the press has given.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Permng me to state, for the informatlon of "J. o.," bat daring the late war five-nlnths of our army were mem.' bers of the Church of England, three-ninths Roman Catholics, and one-ninth Presbyterianz. The Roman CatholIc chaplWin received 18Bs a-day, forage for two horses, excellent quarters, and first-rate rations; in other words, 334 4s. yearly more than the assistant chaplains of he Church of England. 1' J. 0.," therefore, has no great lause for complaint. In the Crimea the greatest harmony exited among ohaplains of all creeds, and It is lamentable indeed to find leading men of the Church of Rome exciting disnsion at a time when the whole nation. is imploring God " to lay hand upon the shield and buckler, and stand up and help us." These are moments when our communing ought to be for peace. Never, surely, were we less Invited to "imagine deceitful words against them that are quiet in the land." Should we ever have another war in the Crimea: (whioh God forbid), and Cardinal Wiseman, Archbishop Cullen, and "J. 0." will join the chaplain department of our army, they will find the thermometer at 70 below zero ass effeotual cooler of all "wretched theological disputes," and a dripping bell tent peculiarly calculated to put a damper upon all unkind feeling, When the biting cold is penetrating every pore in searoh of the very marrow itself one is only too glad to keep the heart warm by keeping up in it the largest fire of Chrisian love. After commending to God's keeping the souls of poor suffering soldiers, chaplains of all 'denominations readily gather together as friends, and talk over the work of the day, the trying circumstances of war compelling them " to esteem each other for the work's sake." I wish something more of this spirit were rife mid the quiet of home scenes. I ask not for compromise of principle, but I do ask Cardiual Wiseman, ArchbishopCullen, and "J.0.,O" to remember that " Charity suffereth long and thinketh no evil." I am, Sir, yours &c.. HENRY PRESS WRTrC4TT', Late Principal Chaplain, Army in the Evat Caaterbury, Octl 26.
CONSEQUThCM OF REFUSINr A CO XRClAuE,A churchrate having been refused at Sudbury, at a most stormy vestry meeting, the incutnbent of St. Gregory's Church in that town, the Rev. J. W. R. Molyneux, has resolved to shut up the church, that being the only way to get the funds for the requisite repairs. Mr. Molyneux stated to the vestry that at present the condition of his church was such that they could not continue the services there; the roof hWd been examined and part of the lead takn p, ndit asfound that the beams wer, absolutely rotten, so that ttheconditiona of tIhe church wa dangerous endaIn order to prevent an accident it must be shut up. mihe vestry wvould have been called six wveeks previously had uot many of the parishioner beenvbsen; lbutlro d thatda the ser wouldbe di sontiued til the roof was put n efficient re Nothing more should be donn tha th repar o theroo; an assoon asl thi a oetecuc woul bere-oene, til wichthe servicswudbdson tlniued.-Es ina
COUBT OF BANKRUPTCY, Basinghall-stree4 Oct. 28.. I iN lrE GRoIIX'S ThWpROvvn 5wn.p cr-p,,v (Beforc Mr. C&MlmnRs6ln(1 TFNVTt. TAVTr I This was a meeting for the purpose of obtainig au orer sbsolute for winding-up the above company .Tbe company, it would appear was formed in 1853. Early in 1856 a ProsPectus was -isued iur its reconstruction on the ~ei of i mitaredF liability, the solicitor and secretary Hayward, and the manager Mr. Louis Groux. The capital thouht sufficient was i0l0007i, with power to increase to 200,0001.. and upon which the direotors calculted that a dividend of 201. pef cent. might be antici. pated. The advantages of Mr. Groux's process of mann. tacture were-a saving of 25 per cent, in labour, obtaining pure and better articles at less cost, and the soaps containing fromi 15 to 20 per cent. less water than those of other maanufacture. Ax eotimate of the weekly receipts and expenditure of the company was also appended to the prospectus, showing a net profh t of 2111. 8s. per week, or 10, 9221. 16s. per annum upon soap as supplield to the wholesae trade only, and being a ividend of 22 per cent. per annum for the sareholders, exclusive of the foreign trade. A report of the directors bearing date September 14, 1857, shows that the preceding1pleasirg illusions have vanished, and also furnishes the following information The amount received foro the formation of the company up to April 4, 1856, was 23,0651. Of this sum 4,898l. had been disbursed in the purchase of the Haggerstone works, including Ml Grous's secrot and other information in connexion with the factoryc ; 3,2081. for buiding and leas, and 3,T7131 for preliminary expenses, leaving a balance of loseprior to the 4th of Ap, 1856, of 12,24t. Since April 186, the company had had. great difriculties to contend witb, Including a rupture with Mr. Groux, Mir. Henry Hlayward (the company's agent), and Mr. C. H.- Hayward. its secretayr; and a sWut in Chancery against Mr. Henry Hayw ard for ter raecovseryof1,6001. was pending. The experience of the dieors% 'since April, 1856-, bad taught them that in order to work- the business successully it was necessary to find some person who had a thoroug~h knowledge of a soap manufactory, and who would take the managemenit of the -works and a share in the business to insure attention thereto. A majority of the directors were, hioweyer, in favour of winding up the company. 2Mr. LAwntAYCE, who ap 'peared for the company, said he had understood that the petition would not give rise to discussion. Seeing, however, that Mr. Bagley was presnt for that urpose, he suggested an adjounmment. A Creitor.-I have come here, it appear, for nothing. Mr. LAWsuANcE.-What is it that you want?1 The Creditor.-A check for my account, Mr. LAwPA_scx-Ec_very shilling will be paid ; of that there is no doubt. Produce your account and it will be paid An dely hs ben ocasinedsolely by delay in reaizig te sses o te cmpay.If any one has come to he eetng n te hpe f fndig agrievance he will be An djornmnt as henordredtoSaturday, November fl? It W. HADFIELD. The bankrupt was a merchant of Liverpool, late of Con. etantinople. His accountis commence March 1,1855,'with a suplus of 1501., and close Fehruary 24, 1857, with unsecured creditors, 19,1W6. ; creditors holding security 4,500f ; property held by secured creditors, 7,6481. ; goo debtors, 4171.; doubtful, 1,4971. - property, 1,8 41.; CprOfits, nil.; losses, 8.6261, ; traAde expenses, 1,7001. ; house expenses, 2,1121. This was the certificate meoeting. Mr. LUwERacz, for the bankruLpt, referred to the bankrupt's losses having been upon shipments to Constantinople. The peace had occasioned this, li asked forafrs-ls certificate. The Commssinsozg grated a certificate of the seoond class. Mr. LAwItANcx said he availed himself of the opportunity to alude to the appointment of Mr. BIlundell, who* had for a long time held a responsible office in this court, to that ofmeseengerto the Liverpool Court of Bankruptcy, Mr. Blundell haa for 30 years been an Indefatigable servant, and would crywit hit ALverpool the best character The osasslNxxsai hequite concurred in Mr. LAw. rance's observations.
MIDDLESEX SESSIOS,, Oct 28. (Bqforc Mr. Buss, Q.C., altiw auildaUa, Westrminter.) John ScuMthorpe, 45, colourman, was indicted for felo. nous1y ombezzling the two several sums of 231. Ns. and 10!. is., receive4 by him on account of Thomas Henry Wallace and another, hls employers. Mr. Hawthorne prosecuted; Mr. H. Brown defended the prisoner. The prisoner was in the employment of Messrs. Wallace, varnish and japan manufacturers, of No. 64, Long-acre, as collector and traveller, at a salary of 1201. per annum. It was his duty to collect moneys due to the firm from their customers, and to pay them over the following day. Any expenses which were necessarily incurred by him in the per formance of his duty should have been presented for payment at the end of each week. On the 6th of Agu,st Mr. Edward Harris, of No. 93, Albany-street, Regent'spark, paid the prisoner 231. 10s. 6d. for goods, and took his receipt for the money. On the 20th of July Mr. Charles Sangwell, of No. 23, Jch.skeet, Old Kent-road, paid the prlsoner 35l. 15s, for goods, and also took his receipt for the money. 3Mr. Wallace stated that he had not received any portion of the moiey paid by Mr. Harris, and only 251. of that paid by Mr. SangwelL He had received a paper from the prisoner, in which he had set down the names of various partes from whom he had received money, showing that 1S defaloations amounted to 1501. Thomas, a police-constable, took the prisoner into custody on the 7th of October in Manor-street, Old Kent-road, telling him that he was charged with embezzling his master's money to the amount of 170!., when he said that he was very sorry, but that he had expended the whole of it in expeneas 'Mr. H. BxOowN addressed the jury, urging that the prisoner had no felonious intention, and had spent the money in necessary expenses. The jury found the prisoner Guily, and he was sentenced to 12 months' hard labour. (Before Mr. CREASY.) WLilm Southam, who was tiled and acquitted on Tuesday upon a charge of stealing the sum of 251. from his employers, MIessrs. Soldani and Co., of Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, was this morning tried for stealing three vwatches, value 15!., the property of the same prosecutors, The jury found him auil.y, and Mfr. CREsy sentenCed him to six months' hard labour. Maria Chandler, a little girl, who pleaded " Guilty" at Clerkenwell to five charges of larceny, and whose mother was tried for receiving the property and Acquitted, was brought up for jadgment, and sentenced to a short term of imprisonment, and four years' detention in a reformatory. William Standish, 37, pleaded " Guilty" on Monday of having stolen three saddles and other articles, value 61., the property of Lord Cosmo Russell, his master. The COuRT sentenced him to eight months' hrd labour.
POLICE. MANsxoIN-noUs.-John Brown was brought before the LOIRD M,YOIt, charged with having robbed the Rev. H. Helsham, rector of Rockhampton, Glocestershire, of a watch oE the valae of 121. The prosecutor said,-As I was pasdng through Cheapside yesterda afternoon I stopped to look in a jeweDer's shopwln. dow. I felt a jerk, and on putting my hand to rmy waistcoat pocket missed my watch and found the guard hanglng loose. Iseized the prisoner, who stood by my side, and upon taldng hold of his hand he dropped my watoh upon the ground. I caUed a police oflicer and gave him into custody. The value of my watch is 121. Hlenry lovell, constable No. 27', who took the prisoner Into custody, said he bad given a false address. The prisoner, wrho, in answvor to the charge, said [he had been driven to rob the prosecutor from distress consequent upon his having been out of a situation for a long time, was faUll committed for trial, The LoP.D MAYOR requested that the press would acknowledge the reeeipt of I. from "Anonymous," and 1Z. from Mr. Joseph Freeman,as donations to the poor-box. GUILDRALL.-Mr. James Bennett, an ironinonger, of 5, Bow Churchyard, and Air. George Brown, In the same business, but residing at " The Yorkshire-house," were charged with assaulting a police officer in the execution of his duty. Bennett was also chaed with being drank. Polioe-constable 251 said-About a quarter to 12 last night I saw the two prisoners with a crowd round them in Newgate-street, offering to fight some gentlemen. Bennett was drunk, and when I requested thera to move they said they would fight me. I attempted to remove them, upon which Beunett struck me upon the shoulder with a stick and Brown tried to throw me, after which they both ran away through Queen's Head-passage. I followed them and captured Brown, while my brother officer apprehended BWenn e tt. The prisoners were fined 5s. each,which they immediately paid. Samuel Gayton was charged with stealing a quantity of stationery belonging to Mr. W. R. Stevens, of Throgmorton-street, and Janmes Braid was charged with feloniously receiving the same. The prisoners were remanded tiUl Friday. MARLBOROUGH-sTsr.--Jose Maria de Lava was brought up for final examination, charged with stealing banknotes, gold, and foreign money, of the value of 1501., the property of Commander Sanz, 40, Conduit-street. The complainant said he was second commander of the Peruvian frigate Amazonas, and the prisoner was a servant in the house. On the 19th of October he went out about 11 o'clock, leaving in his desk 451 in banknotes, 60 sovereigns 12 half-sovereigns, and a ouantity of foreign coin, when Le returned about 6 o'clock m the afternoon he found that the key would not go into the lock of his desk. He contrived toget the desk open, and then discovered that all the notes, gold, and money were gone. He sent for a oone stable, and eventuaUy gave the prisoner into custody. Police-sergeant Walker, C 16, said from information he received he went to Siduey-street, Whitechapel, and there took the prisoner into custody. He asked the prisoner where the money was that he had taken from the desk in Conduit-street. The prisoner replied that he had not beenin the captain's room. Witness made further search, and succeeded in obtaining from a person named Mendoza about 50 sovereigns in gold aud a quantity of foreign money, Diego Mendoza, seaman, said he saw the prisoner and anoth er boy counting some money in the kitchen of a house whera he lodged. He asked themx where they got the money from. The prisoner said the other boygave him the money to take csar of. He took the money from them and after wards gave it up to the constable. Manuel SevllIans, servant to the prosecutor, saw the pri. soner in the house and knew that he went upstairs on the day of the robbery. The prisoner said that one ofthe ship boys had given him the money. The prisoner wa fully committed. MARYLEBONL-Samuel Brown, a carpenter living In Homer-row, Bryanston.square, was brought before the sttiDg magistrate, Mr. BROUGV TON, charged With violently assaulting Harriet his wife, a very respeotably-attired woman, who appeared ia a bad state of health. Complainant deposed that at an early hour on the same morning her husband left home and returned between 10 and 11 o'clock much the worse for drink, when, without any provocation, he grossly abused her and stru'c her a most severe blow with his fist, In addition to which he seized hold of a large hammer and with it smashed a lookinggass and some china and other ornaments which were on the mantel-piece, she rushed into the street, fearing that he would do her some serious injury with the implement alluded to, and obtained the assistance of a coastable who was on duty close by. On Friday last he took up a poker, and threatened to murder her and her children; she was al over bruises, and her health had been much impaired through the ill-usage which she had been so often subjected to Police-constable 86 D said that the prisoner when taken into custody by him was drunk. The prisoner, being asked what he had to say, denied having acted in the violent way stated, and alleged that his wife was continually aggravating him by every meas in her power when he was at home, In reply to the magistrate, complainant said that she had no witness at present to confirm her statement, but she should be able to bring forward one on another day. The prisoner was remanded, w ith libertr to put in goed hail, it he could procure it, for his reappearance on Mrond ay next. W3SXMSTM -Peter Rook, a man upwards of 60 years of age, was charged wlth being Implicated with two others not mn cuatody m stealing a cash-box containing a number of banker's checks, 10l. in gold, a Charles IL guinea, and other vsluables, from the house of Mr. William Tipper, 7, Odells.place, Fulham-road, Chelsea. Mr. PANNTER remanded the accused for a week. James Taylor was brought to this court by order of the Duke of Cambridge for having made false representations at the time of his attestaion as a private In the Grenadier Guards. H e had belonged to the Mfarines, from which he was dlschared for bad conduct, and on the 14th of September enlisted In the Grenadier Guards at Cambridge, when he deniied in his atte6tation the fact of his having served in the He admittd his gRuilt, and was comamitted for two months to the House of Correction. a=MKR TW=. - George Neal, aged 20, residing at 10, Bell-court, Gray's-inn-lane, a marble polisher, and Richard King, aged 22, of 10, Drary-lane, a plasterer, twvo fellows who have been in the custody of the police several tlmes for robberies and other o£ences, were placed at the bar before Mr. Conax, charged with feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of No. 40, Guildfordstreet, Russell-square, and stealing therefrom tvo silver spoons, a plated cruet-stand, six silver cruet-tops, and a number of other articles of a similar nature, as well as a q.uantity of shirts and dirty linen, the property of Mrs. Earnet Wade, a widow lady, of the latter address. Mrs. Wade stated that on the previous night, about 20 minutes past 11, she retired to rest, when the doors and -windows were2 all closed, bat neither of theam was fastened, The reason of the street door not being fastened was in consequence of her having some French gentlemen staying in her non8e. At a little after 4 the bell rang, and upon her proceeding downstairs to let the gentleman in she found the door bolted. After letting him in she procured a light and went into the dining-room and found everything disarranged. The cruetstand was broken and the silver tops were taken from it, and the passage was strewn with dirty linen. There were marks on the window sill and in the dining-room where the thieves had got in, Distinctly hearing the thieves below she sent for the police, and the pri. soners were given into custody. M. Maximilian Pesson gave confirmatory evidence, and stated that he saw some property taken from both the prisoners. Police-constable Thomas Hinds, 83 E, said he was called to the house In question, where he found everything In a confused state. He& 'g the thieves below, he proceeded downstairs and found them in the knife house, endeavour. ing to make their escape. He searohed the prisoners in the pase, and found upon them several articles whtch were identified by the prosecotrir. The marks of the prisoners were on the area rails, and it was plain they had entered the house by the dining-room windowv. When he took them to the staton.ouse they saId nothing whatever about the robbery. Mr. Inspector Witam, B division, asked for a remand, and Sernt Chown, 5 B, said the prisoners were well known. The prisoners aid they should hke to be committed at once, as they had nothing to say In answer to the charge. Mr. CoMB} remanded the case for a week. THtAm.-Willain Bruton, a journeyman baker, and formerly lathe service of MWr. Cornelius Stone, baker, of Bistun-place, Poplar, was brought up on remand, chavrged with embezlinig various sums of money he had reeiSved for and on account of his employer. ThMe prisoner ws committed for triaL. Mr. SrxFE announced the remeipt of 101. from " M.A.C.," for the poor-box fund; and 10s. for a poor woman named Iary Shehan, from " T. W.," Bath; and 2s. 6d. for the same person, from " E. M." SOUTHWARXL-Susn Hartridge, a ood-looking young gIrl about 13 yea of age, was yesterday brought before r. BuRcH,,, charged with stealing a Cheddar cheese, the property of Mr. Chaffey, wholesale cheesemonger in Tooley-street. George Holmes, olce-constable 252 M, sid that abqgt 6 o'clock he saw t e prisoner carrying a cheese up Ridcross-street, and suspecting she had stolen it he stopO'ed her and asked her where she got it from. She replied that she had just picked it up and was carrying it home. He took her to the station-house, and afterwards ascertained that the cheese had been stolen from Mr. Chaffefs wal-e house Edward West, a warehouseman in Mr. Chaffey's employ, said that between 4 and 6 o'clock three cheeses were stolen from their cellar. The flap was partiaUy open to adhit the sir. In answer to the charge the prisoner said she picked np the cheese In the street, and was conveying it home when the constable stopped her. The offioer here informed his worship that another girl was with the prisoner when he finst saw her,but she escaped. The prisoner also gave him a smart chase before he was able to secure her. Since then he had made inquiries about her, and found that she had left her mother and was living at Castellan's lodging-house, Falcon. court Mr. BuRCliM observed that he had some recollectloij of that lodging-house. It used to be the resort of the worst of characters, and the house of call for garotters. The constable said that bad characters were in the habit of I uenting that house, and he had reason to believe that the rocbery was concocted there. The prisoner declared that she had not left her mother's residence, and she was about to take the cheese there. Holmes said that he had seen the prisoner's mother that morning. She was an industrious, hard-working woman, and she positively told him that her daughter had run away from her two weeks ago. The keeper of the lodging-house also told him that she had lodged there for some time. Mr. BunCA s said there could be no doubt as to her companions, and If she did not alter her course of life she would soon be overtaken by misery and disease of a most frightful charaeter. He should sentence her to three months' hard labour in the House of Correction, and he hoped that would have a beneficial efiect. LABEdlrL-In addition to the previous donations for the relief of John Hugill, the poor old brewer, the following have been received, and their acknowledgment in The Times has been requested by Mr. ELLITT, viz.:- Frm "S. H, Hackney, 12.; " Y. Z.," 5s.; * essrs. Salt and Co., Burton, 11. Is.,,' "G F. W." Knaresborough, lt. is. i "J. F.,"' 2. i&; and "Nemo," Chi.
SHIP NBWS. IMTV RPpplll. . o Arrived. TeCt fWsl~tn rr New York : left on the 15th ot October-the Prince Royal from' Caloutta -the Dodo. from Itotterdam.-t4he delgunde, from Bremnen-the West Derby, from Antwerp. SaWed-The Natball, for Acajotla. Arrved.The Tho OcTonrt.u 58. Arrived.-The Thornton, from New York-the Stalw irt, from Pbi. Ittielha-~the Alblon, from AIexandria. tte Willng. from 1?io Jaene r-th Buau, from Bonbay-ths William Wdsloo, from St. John's, New Bronwick-the Janet WSlson, from St. Da.ingo-the Seils era&nee from Londo. Saled.ms uphato, fr Tieso-te Url, for NeWfoundland. the Sia,xotnO, forambu the Esri of Derby, for Buenos Ayres-the tb3zb te isao a Sil-h Argus-tIre B itlib Qaeen-the TbeVanderbUtsteamner, at New York, from Southampton, on the ,5~ eKxperienced heavy gales on the 9th abnd 10th, IoBDonr, Oct. 28. -Wind at noon, westrly; light bree7e snd fin, FALMsOUTrH, Oct. 26. - Arrived, the Ooftzee, from IThriti-the Sarah Margaretha, the Wlnzkabet, and the For-so0er. fom Pprtgrnd -the Fzancis Micks, from London for Swan Riv,r, with pumps out of order. Oct. 27.-Wind, B.8.W.-Arrived. the Loire, from 3ondon for Liverpool-tbe Argo, the Venuw, tbe .l ohanna MlArgaretba, and the Odin from Po srnd. aled, the Alfre4. tor Bremeo. LowvEexoyT, ct. 26.-Tbo Lordi Farnham. of Sunderland, fromn Newcaetle for Iotterdam, eame to anehor in Cortmn Roads on the 2th ot October, vvhere she became very leaky, and afterwards sank in about seven fathoms;crew saved. Oct. 27-The Frederick. of and frcmom ndetrlend forhent, s ank near the Corton Suid on the 25t4 of Gisosay, ct.27.ThoGretlre. of Drago-3 Calmar, for GIbrmltar. s1truck on the Sunk Sand Oect.°17, and beatg havily for about an hour whn sh eae of wih lse Of fUse keel, anti made for the Bomnber; rith the asistance of a steaming rhe was brought Into 2trwposTx Oct7-The lFlytut Phsb, of Lsme.'for AUiote. strained In being MOve ahead in the dock here noi the 24th of September. aLnd nsxt day being found to have sneede much wet r, it was oonsidered e3eent to nd the cargo for repairs U Oct. 27.-The Koophandel en Zeeraart, of and from Oro. ningen, from ShIelds, sprung a leak on the 231 of Ostober. and was run onshbore next day at Sandlemnere, ltolderue,a district, where she broke up oni the 25th;- crew Paved ; cargo strewed along the beach. GALLE. Oct. 3.-The Kandiain Gr-ief was burnt off the Cape of GoocL Hope; crew saved- Mem.-Other wcconuts state thrat the vessel was abandoned, with het oargo on fire on the 21st of JTly, in lit. 3G 8., long. 32 H., and that on, the 23d she hadl disappeared. HolcGRoNo. Sept. 10.-The North WVing (Northward) has put in here dinAlrees. ThbeNamonehabecslostonth e noost. SINOAPOms'I, Sept. 18.-The Penang, of this Port, wbIchi left here on the 13th of Septemberfor Malacca and Penang, was struck the same evening by a Squal and then a waterepont and snunk almost immeOat :llt bet and, ~gers downed;27 saved. hous on E3e24t. 5.-T Iton Grove. of South S'sleeld. from Dal- sprng lek o th 2th of JulY, making twofeet andi ae haf of water pe"rboonr,aknOdwa pnton ahore on Lana. fall Island, the most northestyv of the Andaman grouls, on the 30th of Jul ; re saed ndbrogh hee b te AratonApor,Which piced temu rin ad bot aObsout 40 mlnUes off hLandfall Isand. VReszr.s oxxre wrrm The Nile, with troops, entering Madras R oads. Sept. 13. The W ahemny, steering northwrard, same day, in lat. 40 N., iong. The Sornam. of Newcuste, for Barcelona, steering W., Sept. 21, In tat. 41 N., 10 NV. The Emily, steering B. tp.23,in lt.45 N,loug.9 W The Runrnyieds, ot Greenok, for Pernambaco, Sept. 20, In 1e 16 X., long. 30 W. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE TEHIS DAY. MromIn ., 45 n ln.afterlOlAltemoon .. 16 Ini..afserll [AdvertUmelntte.-Bentley's Miscellany. Price 28. 6d Contentesfor Novemser (No. OOLL):-The bUlionats of Mincin lane: a Tale of the Tines. by Dudley Costello. Chaps. XXXL, XXXII., and XXXIXL*The Day of liumUliatlon-Freoch FshiodableLif-TheGrad Koqueand mpeIalPalace of Dlelhl-4tostGrange, by the Author of "The Passing EteU-Horace Walpole's Retters, rbetJoahnod-Nanoleen Ballad.. No. IL The Nlsht RevIew before Anstesllty, by Walter Thornbury-A Fortnlght's Spart In te Bghlads~adh ileinlseoes, Lif ofan Architect)een yeat of an InI O r's Life. Chaps V. and VL-FBtneh Almanacks for 1868, London, Rttchied Bentley. New Burlngton.
CENZTRAL CRIMIg4>L COURT, Wednesday, Oct. 28. I OLT) CooirRT lBefore (ticf Baron POL,LOCK and Mr. Jrustice ERL.) enry Foley Hall, a middle-aged man, of respoectable appearance, pleaded guilty to three indictments, charging im vrith forging orders for the payment of tbe several Sofia of., 34., and 24 Sentence deferred. THE MURDER IN TEE QUEEN'S BENCH. A ntonio do Salvi, 29, was placed at the bar to take his trial upon a chargo of the wilful mnurder of Robert Headerson Robertson, a prisoner confined in the Queen's prison. llr Bodkin and Mr. Clerk appeared to conduct the pro. scution; Mr. Edwin James, QC., And Mr. Serjeant Parry wee specially retained, with lIr. JM'ahon, to defend the prisoner. It will be rememabered that thiu case stood for trial at the lst session, but upon that oc4asion A special plea of autrefois acquit was made on behalf of the prisoner, and upon the application of Mr. Bodkin, on behalf of the Crown, time was given to consider what course should be taken, and since then a demurrer has been put in to the plea of autrcfois acuit The facts have been so very frequentI before the publc that it is unnecessary to do more on the present occasion than to stte thst the prisoner was tried at the August sessions upon the charge of wounding Robertson with intont to murder him, he being at that time alive; and the jury, upon that occasion, acquitted the prisoner of the intent to murder, but convicted him of woundiDg with intent to do grievous bodily harm, and he was therefore sentenoed to be kept In penal servitude for 15 yeas Robertson diad very shortly afterwards, and the coroners jury having returneda verdict of "wilful murder" egainat the prisoner, it became n sary to dlspose of that chargeatthelat session, but the prisoner then pleaded that he had been autrefoit acquit, the ground of that plea being that as the former jury had acquitted him of the intent to murder he ought not to be now tried for that crime. The Curxm BARoN inquired of the prisoner'scounsel whether it ws intended to argue the point that had been raised on behalf of the prisoner ? Mr. EDwin JA,XS said, certainly. The Cmxv BARox said, if that were so, he did not consider the Court was in a condition to dispose of the matter in a satifactory manner at the present moment. He had himself not yet seen) the plea or the rejoinder by the Crown, and he should certainly wish to do so. He also thought that in so serious a matter all the judges upon the rota for attendance should be present, and he had no doubt they would be so on a future day. It was not abeolutely necessay that the matter should be arzued that day, and he therefore pro=d that it should stand over to Friday. The learned counsel on both aides having stated that they bad no objection to the course suggested by the learned Judge, the cae accordingly stands over to Friday. Bridget avanagh, 30, was Indicted for the wilful murder of her child Tulia, by poisoning it with lAudnuum. Mr. Cooper conducted the prosecution. The prisoner was defended by Mr. 1Payne through the humane intervention of the sheriffs, the unfortunate prisoner herself not being in a condition to obtain legal assisance. The leaxrned counnsl for the prosecution having briefly openedi the case to the jury the following evidence was adduced, Jane Hart deposed that she was a widow, and resided at No. 32, Fitzroy-market. Theprisonerlodged in the same room with her, aud she hadachild named Julia, about three months old. They all lept In the same bed. The child was quite well up to Sunday the 13th September, but on that day, after the, chld had had itb brelafast, It was sick. Af f er this the child appeared to be in pain, and witness told the prisoner to give the child the breast, but she did not do so and appeared very sullen. She was very cross during the day, and several times said she wished the chil WAS dead, and had repeatedly said that she knew the child would not live long. On the 14th the prisoner asked her whether something oould not be had from the doctor's to make the chUd sleep; and witness told her she did not know. In about an hour the prisoner went out and retarned about 1 o'clock and a little girl was ca ng the baby, which at this time seemed to be quite we lin a short time the prisoner took the child on her knee and she saw her give It something In a teaspoon from a teacup,and the bhild vomnited a portion of it, nd the prisoner then struck it, on the back and put her hand on the chUdl' mouth and m,.de it swallow the lquid. Witness inquired what the prisoner was giving tothe child; and shereplled. "Onl a llttle cold milk." A few minutes afterwards the prisonercalled her and told her to look at the child's eyes, and she observed that It appeared to be sleepy, and the prisoner laid It upon an arm-char, and at the same tine observed that she kinew the child would die, s Its nose was pinched near at th I bridge. Witnens afterwards saw bottle with a label on it on which there were Larked the Words, "Laudanum Poison." She went direotly4 to the cup the prisoner had used and found it smelled the same ra the stu that was in the bottle. She immediately went to look at the child and found that It was lying on Its back, with the eyes opened and the whites turned round In the head. On hprevious night she heard the prisoner say that she wished the chUd might be stiff before the morning. She called out to the prisoner, "The baby is dead," and she replled "Is it " Witness then said that she had been giving laudanum to the child and poisoned it, and she called out, "What does the woman sayr" The prisoner then began to cry, but witness told her not to make a noise, bat to go ora r and see tf anything could be done for the child. The hild was shortly afterwards taken to the hospitaL. Cross-examine&-Wikness slept with the prisoner for three weeks, and nothing patcular occurred until Sunday the 13th of September. The prisoner got her living by carrying milk, and she used to go out at 5 o'clock in the morning, and sometimes did not return until 6 in the evening. An elderly woman used to take care of her child some portion of the time, and witness after this attended to it, and fed and wahed it during the prisoner's absence. The child was not dead when it was taken to the hospital. It was a hardy, healthy Infant. Witnes was not aware whether the prisoner could read or write. SEe had had a good deal of experience with children, but did not know that doctors were in the habit of selling stuff that would make children sleep. The child had been restless during the Sunday night, and the prisoner appeared to be angry, and said she wished it mlght be stiff before morning. By the jury.-The prisoner had bought a pair of rocks for the child a day or two before, and on the Monday morning she said, What a fool I was to buy these socks for her; she won't want them.' Sellna Ward deposed that on the Monday the child was taken ill she went to the prisoner's room and found it was nearly dying. She told the prisoner the child was dying, and asked why she did not take it to the hospital; and she made no reply. The last witness afterwards gave her a bottle. The child appeared in perfect health half-an-hour before, John Maynard deposed that between 2 and 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the 14th of September he went into the prisoner's room and saw the child, and he took it up and carried It to the hospitaL The prisoner followed him to the hospitaL Mr. G. Tuttle deposed that he was assistant to a surgeon named Carter, in Fitzroy-street. On tbe 14th of September the prisoner came to the shop and asked for some laudanum. He inquired what she wanted It for, and she said it was to make a woman sleep, and she wished to know how much she was to give her. He told her 10 or 15 drops, and gave her a drachm of laudanum in a bottle, and put a label on the bottle, marked, "Laudanum-Polson," and he also at the sane time told the prisoner it was poison. A drachm would contain 60 drops. By Mr. PAvYm.-Did not think he Vas doing wrong in selling the laudanum to the prisoner. She did not tell her name or where she lived. He made no further inquiries of her, and did not Ascertain whether the laudanum was to be given to a person in health or sickness, or whether it was a strong poison or not. Mr. W. B. Mushet,,honse surgeon at the University Hospital, deposed that he examined the chUd when it was brought there, and found it insensible, and apparently suf. fering from the effects of some narcotic poison. A bottle was delivered to him at the same time, wfhich contained about ton drops of landanuin. The prisoner came with the child, and he asked her what she had been giving to it, and she said some aniseed. He administered emetics to the child, and took all the measures consistent with Its weak and feeble condition to restore it; but they were of no avail, and the child died 54 hours after It was brought in. He made a post mortems examination, but could not discover any natural cause of death, and from al the circumstances he had no doubt that the child died from the effects of narcotic poison. Two drops of laudauum had been found sufficient to occasion the death of a chUd, and when taken ins liquid state It would be rapidly absorbed into the system. By Mr. PArxsr;One of the lungs was collapsed, and this bad probably been occasioned by exhaustion. Narcotic poison was not Immediately connected with this condition of the lung, but the condition of unconsciousness produced by laudanum wrould account for the collapse of the lung, particularly in a case where a child was 56 hours in that state. George. avis, a police-sergeant, deposed that he took the prisoner into custody on the 14th of September, and as they were going to the police-station together she told him that she had bought a pennyworth of aniseed at a publichonste at the_corner of Grafton-street. The statement made by the prisoner before the magistrate was put in. It was to the following effect: -"Thoy are wronging me by what they say I never fetcbed any lauda- nuns myself, I sent some one to fetch something, but I did not mean laudanum." Mr. PAvlcE made a most feeling address to the jury on behalf of the prisoner, and, after adverting to the dreadful consequences that would in aU human probability follow npon a conviction of the crime of wilful murder, he urged that the evidence was not sufficient to justify them. in saying that beyond all doubt she was actuated by an intention to destroy her child; and that there were grounds for inferring that she merely Intended to cause it to sleep, and under these circumstances if they thought the death Vas occadoned by her rashness they might conviot her of manslaughter. In support of this view of the case he observed upon the fact that the prisoner had openly administered the laudanum to the child in the presence of the witness Hart, and that there was not the slghtest attempt at concealment on bar part The Cr BoN in his summing up took occasion to observe, that it appeared to him to be at all events a cardels proceeding on the part of a chymist or other person sating in that capacity, when 15 drops were sufficient for the required purpose, to give, as had been done in the present case, four times the quantity, namely, 60 drops; and he thought a special caution ought to have been given that the quantity ontained in the bottle amounted to four doses His Lordship then called the attention of the jury to the fats of the cas, and said, that if it was not clearly made out to their satisfaction that the prisoner had wilfully ad. ministered a deadly dose of laudanum to her child, and that It was possible she might only have acted rashb and n* Itgently in the matter, they would be justified in acquittlAg her of te more serious cha rge and finding her guilty of manslaughter only. The jury retired to deliberate upon their verdict, acd after being absent *hout half-an-hour they returned into mourt and found the prisoner guilty of manslaughter. The jury at the same thne expressedtheir opinion that more caution oug to he exeroised in the 6ale of dangerous ari so nsdescription. Sentence deferred. John Ryan, 23, a private in the Middlesex Militia, was indlcted for aultin Joeph Bottcreli, a police-con. stable, in the execution of his dty, with in'tent to do him grievous bodil, harm. In another count of the indictment the itent of t e prLsoner was Laid to be to resbt his lawrful apprehenboionl Mra Bodkin and Mr. Clerk conducted the prosecution. It appeared that on the morning of the 5th of October the prosecutor was on duty in the neighbourhood of Brentford, between 12 and 1 o'clock, when he observed a bag, which he found to contain pears, outside the grounds of a market gardener named Willmott, and directly afterwards the prisoner camne out of the premises. The constable put some questions to him, which he answered in a very unsatisfactory manner, and he consequently endeavoured to take him into custody. Upon his doing so the prisonermade a most desprate resistance, commencing by knocking the constable down, and while he was upon the ground he endeavoured to gouge one of his eyes out. When the constable was partially disabled the prieoner asked him to let him go, nd on his saying he Would not do so, he tepliel that "H e would jump bis guts out " if he did not He then wrenched the staff from the constable's hand and struck him a violent blow on the nose, which felled him to the ground and ren dered him insensble, and while he was in this condition the prisoner got away, but after he had gone a short distance, and while the offioer as still in a perfecotly helpless state upon the ground, he returned and struck hlm two more vlolent blows upon the head. The prisoner waa taken into custody the same morning near the spot where the outrage occurred and on his being told the nature oE the chare wainst Lim he denied that he was the man by whom the violence had been committed, The ury found the prisoner Guily, and Mr. Justice ERLE seneknced him to be kept in penal servitude for four yearg Charles Stewart Mills, 17, a genteel-looking lad, dressed in the uniform of a midshipman, was indicted for forging and uttering a check for 2501., with intent to defraui Messrs. Hankey and Co. Mr. Bodkin, Mr. Sleigh, and Mr. LIxton conducted the prosecution; Mr. Doyle was counsel for the defenoe. It appeared that the prisoner was in the service of Mr. Hewitt, an attorney in licholas-lane, and that gentleman was in the habit of sendLng him to his bankers, Messrs. Hankey, to pay In money and to get checks cashed, and he was consequently well acanalated with his signature. On the 13th of June a check for 250. was presented at the bankers', and paid with one 1001. note, two 501. notes, and 50 sovereigns, and this check was subsequently discovered to be a forgery. Tho evidence against the prisoner was entirely of a circumstantial character, and, in order to show that he was the guilty party, witnesses were examined, frou vhoee testimony it appeared that, on the morning the forged check was presented, the prisoner left the service of Mr. Hewitt without any warning, and nothing nore was heard of him until the beginning of the present month, when he was taken into custody at a coffeehouse in Farringdon-atreet, and upon his being told wbat be was charged with he at first dled all knowblege of the transaction, but subsequently stated that be did know something about the check5 but that it was not he who had forged it. In addition to these facts it ap. peared that the notes were cashed on the same day they were obtained from Messras Hankey at the Bank of Eng. land, and gold obtained for them, and the names written upon them were stated to be in the handwriting of the prisoner. It was also proved that the prisoner had taken a lodgingata coffeeshop in the Strand under the name of Fredeck Rutland, and that in the month of June he went to the shop of Mr. Cording, a jeweler in the Strand, and purebased a gold watch for 20 guinea and a gold chain for 101., and paid for the articles in gold. The sry receied by the prsner, It appeared, a 5. e nu, hc a paid to him weekly. Mr. DoYLZ made a very Ingenious and able speech to the jury on behalf of the prisoner, and endeavoured to show that although there might be some circumstanoes of susplcion =agnst him, yet that there was an utter absence of anythingke proof, and that they consequently ought not to find gulty upon so serious a charge. Mr. Justioe E1LEr having summed up, The ury, after deliberating a short time in the box, esx pr a wish to retire. They were absent a short time, and upon their return into court they found the prisoner Gui4 of uttering the check, knowing it to have been forged Sentenc was postponed. The grand jury on Tuesdy Ignored the bill preferred against Thomas Plant Rose for miademeanour, It will be remembered that the charge against the defendant was that of having endeavoured to extort money from Sir RL Carden, the Lord MAyor elect, by threatening to publish a certain placard, with a view to oppose his election to that offioe.
TfHE WBATHEI, WEATHER FOR THE WBEEK ENDING SATURDAY, OCT. 24. The ratest heat occurred at Manchester-viz., 687 deg, and at Helston it ro8e to 68deg. The temperature only rose to 58 nin. at Grantham, or 10 deg. lower than at Manchester. The greatest cold was at Arbroath-viz., 32 deg.1; it wras almost as cold at Elgin, Silloth, Stonyhurst, and Manchester; It did not descend below 45 deg. at Norwich-a difference of 13 deg. The range of temprature at all the stations was 36 7 g. Manchesterhad a range of 349 deg. The mean pressure was from 29 8 to 29* inches. The atnount of rain was very great at Bedford, Exeter, and Hartwell, whfle in the north very little fell The great floods in certain localities was the principal feature of the week. 3i Inches of rain [fell at Exeter, 3 inches at Bedford, and 2 inches at Hartwell. Tlere Ws less than a-tenth of an inch at Arbroath and Silioth. Relston.-Hail on the 22d; lightning on the evening of the 23d Swallows disappeared on the 15th; woodcocks seen on the 18tb. Clifton.-Rain on the 18th, with S.E. by E. wind: l9th, slight showers; 21st, rain from 4 to 7p.m.; 22d, half-.ms 3 p.m. till mldnleht, rain- after 8 p.m., N.E., gale, 23d, light showers; solar halos on the 18th, 22d, and 24th. Glooester, 21st.-3 p.m., slight thunder. Norwich,-18th and 19th, in the evening light rain; 20th and 21st, fog morning and evening; 22d, fog and rain commenced at noon and lasted all day; at night, 0-99 inch felL. Bedford.-The largest quantity of rain fell within 24 hours on the 22d (226 inches) ever recorded here. Hartwell.-On the 22d, 1-900 inch of rain fell a very sudden high flood, greater than has been known for 20 years. Grantham.--22d and 23d, stormy and cold. Matchester.-Eog on the 21st and 22d; greatest cold on grass, 30 dog.; greatest heat in sun, 72 deg.; mean tempe. rature of the dew point, 47-2 deg.; amount of cloud, 7-4. Arbroath.--Fine autumnal days; potato crop now se cured, much injired by blight. London.-PAin fel incessntly from 7 p m. on the 21st to 6 am. on the 23d. Wolverton.-Great flood In the valley on the 234 and 24th. The coldest day occuTed on the 2-2d at nearly every Station. HEIGHMJrDHOBSE OBERVATORY, EAR NOT. Mon2day.-Grteate heat In shde, 55-5'; adopted mean temperature, 503'; mean preeame, 29-653; mean temperature of evaporation, 49 0'; range of temperature, 0 amount of solar radiaton, 2; dull morning, fin afernon;prousestrtusin aley at -0 .m., very misty evening. 8 p.m. lunar halo; wind E. and S.E.. no ozone. Tuesday Mornlng.-Greatest cold In night, 48-5'amont f vapraion 0-OSinc; iniumtemperatur on grasM, 43'; dull writh E.S.E. wrind.P E J. LOWE. LOIzWO0N TMd:LRATTJRE. BTATZ 07 TEA TXSlOBX. AIM RAXOMrXR AT MM RoYAL 1UXhNX Socizy's R mcXo.-fousz, HYrN P.Aix. OroxOB 20. Thermorneter. Marometer. Wind Weather. Mening. Noon. Night. 9Sa. during the Light winds 9 am. minimum. day. ndfinethift 51' 61- 41' 50*01 N.E. fog in the Inoming. Oc-rosrac 3. Themomete. BRometer. Wid Weather. Morningt Ncon. Night. 9 a.m. during the Lght winds 9 .In. Minmum, er,day. d eldy, 546 sr gS' f3-91 8.E. fog In the morning. H. WILLIAS, Superintendent. rTATS Or Tm TnMMXoXr nr THA TH s Txz AI= Oursnx Dr THM YARD, Bo0THKr nRyZ OcBror 27. Day, Noon. Night, Minlmur Tunnel. Yard. TunneL Tad. 60'' W1' 1 W. 60' W. W. MhBN, kSupti
CHINA. LThe following appe&red in our secon(d edibloa .f oes. terday:-J We have received our private corresponrence and files of papero from Rongkong to the lOth of Septum hot (FlIOM OUR OWZN QORESPONDT.) Shanghai advices are to the 1st inst. Shirtings had advanced in value; grays quoted Ts. 2 1 to Ts. 2 9; whites, To. 1 G to TS. 2 4. T-Cloths.- 15,000 pieces sold at To. 1.4.5 to Ts. 2.0.5. Rice had declined, and little or no inquiry for it existed. Tea.-The purchases of black had been extensive, and prices had advanced 2 taels for Ningchow and Oopack kinds. The settlements were 99 chops. Green tea had also advanced 2 to 3 taels per picul. 48,000 packages had been settled for. Arrirals WoVR Rl-1l Export from China to Great Britain-viz.:- From Hongkong aud hMacao, 1st July, 1857, to lb. 8th Sept., 1857 ... ... ... ... ... 2,800,000 From Foochow, Ist July, 1857, to :30th Aug., 1857 ... ... ... ... ... G ,900,000 From Shanghai, ditto ditto ... 3,5(o,o From Canton from the 1st Iuly, 1856, to 8th 13,200,000 September, 1S56 ... ... ... 9,700,000 From Foochow, froa 1st July, 1656, to 30th August, 1850G ... ... .. ... ... 4,700,000 From Shanghai, from 1st July, 1656, to 30th Axugust, 1856 ... ... . .. ... ... 2,600,000 17,000,000 Silk.-10,000 bales had been settled during the month. Prices remained about the same as last quoted. Total arrivals for the season 39,000 bales, and settlernento 3U,OOO. Quotations were _ Eixchange on England closed at Us. Sd. to Ga. 9d.; on India nominal at 300r. to 30r. Freights.-Tonnage was abundant. The rate to London waz 31. 1s. for tea and G1. to 01. Os. for Bilk. ManiUla advices are to the 2Gth of Au^guist. Current elayed sagar, S13 to $ 131. Exchange on London, 4s. 2d., sit months' sight Mexiean dollars clean, 24 per cent. premium. Our latest dates are from London, Ju;ly 20 ; Caleutta, Aug. 10; Bombay, Aug. 15 ; Singapore, Sept 1; Manilla, Aug. 26; Sydney, July 15; Mebourne, July 22; Shanghai, Sept. 1. HOXCKOXG, SrT. i. ! The steamer Norna, rwith te Endsh niail of tV 26th of July, arrived here on tke night of die 'th inst. The ouitward m&il leas to-d4y by the steamer ZSingapore. By the present oppctunity "s have lihtAc U commimnicate from this. Pekin Gaz'tftes are 'down tr the 26th of y. The 'Canton question" is at la-4 noticed in 'them, and. *the policy of Yeh, the 'Vioetoy, appe&rs tb f-iave mni th}e approval of the Impevial Goverrment, and the 'means proposed to raise -he necesstry fiLrds to m3et the expenses ofthe " birbarian bhsints ' have teen -sanctioned. WYhether hiis puIRC acknowiiedgmont of *:e existence of mn'tters of ispnuto betweenfCoreignes and the Cantone3e on th'cpart of the Emperor Y1ll lead 'to a different policy being pi"-sued by the Chinese Government in their treatmeit of '-foreigner3 at the other ports we have yet to see. By last accoust from home it is satisfactory to notice that the '"Oanton question" is not to be left in abeyanco, although Inelian -affairs age so paramount. (Qu the river >'he blockade is strictlymaintained. Several junks and boatsa attempting to evade the ships, after repeated warnings *were given, were taken and brought down here, vwheme the cargoos have been sold. A French steamer and-a; gunboat have proceeded to the Gulf of Tonquin, in consequence of ill-treatment that some of th'eanissionarie ihave met with in Cochin China. The America, a Rv&sian man-of-war stearser, arrived at Shanghai from the Amoor with a Russian Admiral on board, ww0, it is said, is on a diplowatic mXission. The ' nited States' ship Portsmouth left Shang'hai for Japan on the 26th of August. The court-martial on the oficers of the Transib for the loss of the veesel resulted in the captain and * master beinLg severelv renrimanisdxl Her Majesty's steamer Sampson returned on the 1st inst., having towed Her Majesty's ship Sanspareil down the Ch-ina Seas on her way to Caloutta. Iler Majesty's ehip Tribune returned from Manilla on the I st inst. On her way there she went round -the Pratas shoal, btut no new wreck was seen there. We understand the commissariat officer who went over to Manilla in the Tribune found that arrangements to get fresh provisions thence for tl e troops could be made, -should they be necessary. The Americana ship North Wind, bound from Foochow to London, tea laden, has put in here dismasted. Eis Imperiel Majesty's ship Capricieu?e arrived from Ningpo on the 25th ult. She brought several prisoners who were engaged in the late disturbanc6s at that place. The Portuguese Consul was a passenger. At Hongkong all is quiet. There has been a fair influiry for imports. Cotton keeps firm, and stocks are small. Bombay sold at $14. Cotton yarn has been in inqtuiry, but holders asking higher rates have cheoked transactions. We quote Nos. 16-24 at $27 to $24 25.; Nos8. 28-32, at $S3 to $33 50; No3-. 38-42, at W44. Shirtings.-Stocks are reduced, and prices have advanced. Grays quoted, $12 15 to $12 25 whites, $12 25. Nail, rod, and hoop iron has been sold to a small extent at $3 50. Lead, $7 50. Tinplates, $S 60. Rice has declined materially, (quoted $2 50 to $2 85. Exchange on London, 4s. 0id. to 4s. 10d.; on India, 220c. per $100. Bulion-Sycee silver, taela 6. 7, 5 premium; bar silver, 7 per cent, premium; gold, $23 20 to $2.3 50 per tael. Tonnage continues abundant. Some vessela are loading at Macao for England at 41. lOs. Amoy dates are to the 5th of September. Very little had been done in imDorts. In tea the trausactions amoiunted to about 30,000 packages. Prices were higher. Foochow advices are to the 1st of September. The settlements of tea comprised 54,000 paokages. Great eagerness was shown by buyers to obtain teas, ancd prices gradually advanced, and were quoted 4 to G taels higher for congous and souchongs, and 2 to 4 taels for oolongs. Four vessels were on the berth for London. Freight, 41. A short time since the Foochow authorities agreed to take Mexican dollars at 2 per cent. discotunt in payment for duties. They now object to receive them except at market value. The papers of American vessels are given up on. proof that Mexican doliars have been tendered In payment of the duties. The B3ritish Consul requires that the authorities be satisfied. This difference gives a preference to American vessels.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. HONGKONG, SEPT. 10. ARRIVALS FROM GREAT BRITAIN. At Hongkong.-Ang. 25, the Orion, from London; kept, a, the Maggie aud the Uuited states, from Cardiff 7, the Qnsen ot England, froan Liverpool; 9, the Aga. MGmeon5 frorm London. At aShrighai. -Aug. 14, the Friar Tuck ah& the Wander ing Jew, from LiverpooL I)Fq411TURIM TO LiT B ST . From Hongkong.-Ang. 29, the DaysVring, for London Prom roochow.-Aug, 29, the Btnn, for Iverpool, the Fiery Oms, for Lond.cm From ktniighaL.-Am. 13, the Mirage, for London; 25, the Lordf the Islee, oe London. S{IPS OF WAP-. At rTongkong.-The British -ilps Calcutta and NaiX&in; the Esloop Actmeon; the steaers Tribune, QUruser, and *Sampson; the guni)"ots Dove'Ad Haughty; 'the Amaerican slkop levant; the Frendi steamers Massosu and ]Meurthe; the gxboats Avvdanche, Dragmne, &xdd Fusee; 'the Dntch Cnigate IMledua. At Maoeo.-Tbe Portuguse lorcha Ametona M the French steamer Catinat. At Ainoy.- The Britt&h loop Cosls. At Feochow.- The Brihish sloop Camnilfl aid t,he ste=Or Hornet. At Niugpo -The Bmitish steamer -ioirod; the French frigate Oaps5ciense.; 'tre French staerirance. In the Canton RBver.-The British :ship Sibylle; the brigs Acorn, Bitterm, and Elk ; the -steamers ESsk, flighflyer, Ixll3exible, NXigr, Coromandel, and Hongkong.; the gunboats Bustard,¶§orestur, Opoastim, Plover, Starling, and Stauech. At Tongkoo.-The French etecmers Nemesis, Piegeton, nindPrinmaugnet; the gunboatX trale. At Sh&nghai.-The Britisk -ship Pique; the Amnerican steaneer San-Jacinto; the Portuguese brig Yt6ndego; the usssian steamRer America.
. ANA SAHIB'S P3ROCLAMATIONS. The following proclamations issued by thismiscreant have been forwarded to us for publication. The first is dated the Ist of July:- "A ,by the kindness of God and the ikbal or good for. tone of the Emperor, all the Christians who were at Delbi, Poonah, Satarah, and other places, and even those 5,000 :European soldie rs who 'went in disguise into the former city and vere discovere4, are destroyed and eent to hell by the pious and sagacious troops, who are firm to their religion; and as they have all been conquered by the present Government, and as no-trace of them is left in these places; it is the duty of all the subjects and servants of the Go. vernment to rejoice at the delightful intelligence, and to carry on their respective work with comfort and ease." P-roclamation dated the lst of July and issuied by order of the Nana .- " As, by the bounty of the glorious Almighty God and the enemy-deetroying fortune of the Emperor, the yellow'faeed and narrow-minded people have been sent to hell, and Cawnpore has been conquered, It is necessary that all the subjects and landowners should be as obedient to the present Government as they had been to the former one; that all the Government servants should promptly and cheerfully engage their whole mind in executing the orders of Government; that it is the incumbent duty of all the ryots and landed proprietors of every district to rejoice at the thought that the -Christians have been sent to hell, and both the Eindoo and Mahomedan religions have been confirmed; and that they should as usual be obedient to the authorities of the Government, and never to suffer any complaint against themselves to reach the ears of the higher authority." Order dated the 5th of July to the clty Xotwal (Msayor) by the Nana:- " It has come to our notice that some of the city people, having heard the rumours of the arrival of the Eluropean soldiers at Allahabad, are deserting their houses and golng out into the districts; you are, therefore, directed to proclaim in each lane and street of the city that regiments of cavalry and infantry and batteries have been despatched to check the Europeans either at Allahabad or Futtehpore that the people should therefore remain in their houses without any apprehension and engage their minds in carrying on their work."
UXIVERSITY INTELLIGEKiCap OXFORD. Omsr 9R The following notices have been issued " A paper having been circulated, before the end of Trinity Term, 1857, parporting to contain certain authoritative requirements by the Examiners in the School of Law and ModernHistory, the Vice-Chancellor and Proctors are under the necessity of declaring, in pursuance of the duty devolved upon them by the Statute, that the said paper is without statutable authority. "1D. WILLI&MS, Vice-Chancellor. Delegates' Room, Oct. 26, 1857." The Proctors hope that the undergraduate members of the University will prevent the necessity wlhich would otherwise rest upon them of enforcing a literal observance of the requirements of the statute to which attention has been directed, by accepting in the spirit in which they are offered the following suggestions:- "1. That they refrain from appearing in public without their academical dress before the hours of 2 o'clock in the afternoon or after 5 o'clock. " 2. That they at all times refrain from walking through the school quadrangle without their academical dress, or loitering in the public streets. "EDWARD WYNDRAM TUFNELL, Senior Proctor. "FREDERICK XEYRICK, Junior O ct. 28." Proctor. DURHAM, OCT. 27. At a Convocation holden Oct. 27 R. B. Hayward, M.A., and the Rev. Jos. Waite, M.A., made the requisite declaration on entering upon the office of Proctor. The Rev. Alfred Jenner, M.A,, and the Rev. R. H Blakey, LA., were nominated to the office of Proctor, and made the requisite declaration. The following degrees were conferred AD Y1UNDIIM 31,A. Rtev. Julius C. Lowe, Queen's College, Oxford. 1A,. Rev. Geo. Kinnear. B.A., I Rev. W. Bulmer, B.A., Bishop Hatfield's Hall. University College. Rev. J. R. Freeling, B.A., Rev. A. C. Luard, B.A., University College. University College. 'ev. W. H. West, B.A., Rev. E. Wood, B.A., Uni. University College. versity College. The Rev. M. C. D. Walters, B.A., of University College, being officially resident at Calcutta, was admitted to the degree of AL. A. in his absence by vote of the House. B.A. J A. Maude, Un,iversity I W. C. Holiwell, Bishop SCollege. H atfield's Hall. A Grace was passed to enable the following licentiates in theology to count towards a degree in arts certain terms kept and examinations passed by them as students in theology: Rev. J. P. Winder, Bishop I. W. Teasdale, Bishop Hat- Batfield's Hall. field's Hall. 0. R. Cambridge, University J. S. Bartlett, Bishop Cosin's College. Hall. C. A. Leveson, University Hugh Taylor, University College. College. A Grace was passed for making the following changes in the regulations of the University:- Title ii, Section 7.-Any one who has passed the exami. nation for the degree of B.A., or any higher degree, at another University, and has produced to the Warden satis. iactory testimonials of character, shall be admissible as a student in theology, provided that the examination he has passed for that degree is of a similar character to that required at this University. Title Lx., Section 2, Paragraph 2.-The requisite nuamber of terms for a student who has been admitted under the Oth or 7th section of Title ii. shall be three, and for any other student s8x. Title Le., Section 2, Paragraph 5.-Any student who has been admitted under the 6th or 7th section of Title ii. shall be admissible to this examnination in or after the third term- There was communicated to the Convocation a statute enacted by the Dean and Chapter of Durham, with consent of the Bishop of Durham, for increasing the number of members of Senate by two members of Convocation, to be elected annually, one by the Convocation, the other by the Fellows of the University, and approved by Convocation, and directing that the time and mode of election shall be settled by the Warden and Senate. A Grace was passed to enable the Warden and Senate to negotiate for the sale of certain property at South Shields.
THE BOROUGH BANK, LI VERPOOL. LIVERPOOL, WEDXESDAY. I The following notice was posted this morning on the Idoors of the bank:-" The arrangements with the Bank of fEngland not hxving yet been completed, the businezs of the Xbank will not be resumed until farther notice."
BRISTOL SUGAR-MARKET, Wednesday, Oct. 28.- IWe continue to experience a very doll and depressa~ market for all descriptinos of sugar, and the sales of West India are -under 1.50 hhds., at again lower prices. Of foxreign, one cargo of Havannabs, consisting of 1,300 boxeg, has bTeen sold. No rum offering. &PULATA.-In our summary of American intelligence by the City of Washington, for " the operations of the clearing-ihouse to-day we re 18,000,537," read "were $8,000,537",; for "Jahowe and Co.," read "J. Ci H0owe and Co."; for t jie suspension at -New Bedford, &a read " tbp suspnsion of b:an; at NW ;d9ford," ec, e
MILITARY ARD NA.rA7L INTELUGENCE. O=r Malta correspondent. whose lettAr ic atarl t+.I,.10hh Esa, states that the Boml,ay mail was unavoidably detaixed at that place for 38 b.ouxs, Admiral Stopford having no steamer at his dispos9i which he could employ to carry it forward. The CaraO nA- -d -n- .A 1-,$ s_ .-l._A with the Siaoamse .m'uassadors, the Wanderer was retained for telegraphic purposes, the Vigilant and Boxer were under repairs, and the Rearty was required for dock. yard servio " It is much to be regretted," he adds, " that 'tho home Government cannot be made to see the expediancy of having stationed at Malta one or two sAeamerseji the speed of the Caradoo, to be avaiLable for the eoasveya.-ce of mails or telegraphic messages, which are :*equently detained by the want of such craft, for the steam gunvessels have never been able to run over to Cagli&ri from Malta, under the most advantageous circum- xStances, In iesw than 33 hours.' In consequence of the great increase in the number of 'troops at Chatham Garrison, owing to the arrival of recruits who have joined the Indian battalions, orders have 'been issued from the War Department to the mUitazy store keeper at the Tower, directing him to forward to Chathan 6,000 stand of ri'ded muskets and accoutrements for the use of the troops belonging to the Indian corps. The whole of the rifles selected are fitted after the latest and most approved plan, and were manufactured at the Small Arms maaufactory, Enfield. The following officers from the Provisional Battalions at Chatham have embarked at Gravesend for the purpose of joining the head-quarters of their respective corps in India: -Lieutenant Robert B. Deare, 74th Highlanders, and Lieutenant William Thomson, 78th Hlghlanders. Captain Leonard D. H. Cnrrie, 19th Regiment, has received leave of absence from his depot at Chatham previous to his embarcation for India. The 68th Regiment, quartered in Portsmouth garrison, yesterday received orders to hold themselves in readiness for embarcation for Indio. On the 5th of November (Inkermaun day) they wll be presented with new colours. The Urgent Iron steam frigate is supposed likely to transport them to Calcutta. Yesterday an order was reeeived at Chatham Garrison by Colonel It. N. Phillips, commanding the 2d Battalion, directing him to hold in readiness detachments of the 61s Regiment and the 87th Royal Irish Fusileers, selected from the men who have been trained in the use of the Enfield rifle, to embark for Kurrachee, for the purpose of joining the head-quarters of their respective regiments in India. It was the steamship Mauritius, Cruikshank commander, and not the Belleisle, which conveyed the 93d Highlanders to Caloutta. The troops were all landed In excellent health and spirits without a single casualty. The Cansar, 91, screw two-decker, was taken from the ordinary alongside Portsmouth dockyard yesterday to have her rigging and masts overhauled and to be brought forward for the steam fleet in reserve. The auxiliary steamship Indomitable, 'now at Woolwlch, was yesterday taken up by the East India Company for the transport of troops and stores to India. One of the heavy Russian guns captured in the Crimea, together with an iron carriage manufachured in Woolwich Arsenal, was yesterday despatched to Devizes for presenta. tion to the corporation of that town by order of the War Department. THEE MILITIA. The Durham Artillery Regimenb of Militia, having completed its 30 days' drill, was disbanded on Tuesday. Tho regiraent was inspected by Colonel Douglass last week. At the close of the mancetLvres the men were addressed by tho gallant Colonel, who complimented them on their efficiency and general appearance in the field. It is anticipated that several will join the regulars. The departure of the Royal Lancasmire Axillery Militia, from Liverpool to Portsmouth, where they are to enter upon garrison duty, is delayed until Monday,
TO THE EDITOB OF THE I,3fB& Sir,-I have just been informed that my name appeared in The Times some few days since in a petition to the Court of Banharptcy as a director of the Householders' Bread and Flour Company. I never was a director or shareholder or in any way connected with that company, and my name appeared in the prospectus without my knowledge or sanction. I appeal to your sense of justice to insert this statement. I am. Sir. Your obedient qervay-f- HBNRY HARDINGE, M.D. -, A R - Y ; WWwttiX, V U. 4( .
A. PRODUCT OF THE INIDIAN REBELLION.-The revenue of the Government derived from the North-West Provinces was, as in the rest of India, obtained mostly if not solely from land. The essence of the land revenue system consisted in the minute register, from year to year, of every right or interest connected with the land through. out each village of the country. The collector's records showed the demands, collections, and balances on account of the Government revenue for the last 30 years, and were invaluable as guidances for the remissons of the revenue when such were necessary, or for there-settlement of certain districts after their term had expired. In these Teeords were entered the interest of every person whether the immediate engager with Government or whether merely a co-sharer in the lands of his village. The value of such minute records may be easily conceived, and it may be safely said that the whole of the revenue system of the North-West hinged upon their preservation and accuracy. All these, with bat few exceptions, have perished in the present rebellion. It is not easy to imagine such a catastrophe; It is just the same in principle as if the title deeds and leases of every landed proprietor in England were to be suddenly destroyed, but, In fact, it is muchlworse. In England, though such a disaster would cause confusion, yet it is nothing comparable to the disorganization that it wi for a time entail upon the inhabitants of the North-West. The extent of the country 1,20,000 square miles, and oontaining aboat 1,00,000 villages, the great majority of which are separate properties, is so immense. The revenue to be collected, which falls but very little short of 5i crores of rupees a- year, is so enormous that the eonsequences that may follow from the destruction of the records, and consequent insecurity of property, can scarcely be over estimated. And any return to the old system after the restoration of order would but make things worse. The litigation would be endless, end the days of the inauguration of the Perpetual Settlement would return. The re-establishment of a revenue system for the NTorth-West will be a problem which our ru lers wrill at no distant period be called upon ito solve, and its solu' .on will depend very much upon the deferring or otherwise of the anticipated reform in the government of this country. The death of the late Lieutenant-Governor of the North-West, much s it is to be regretted, will pave the way for the Introduction of new measures and will render far easier the reconstruotion of a new system than the patching up of the old.-Frikn'l of rndia. THE BLACKLAND OUTRAGE.-PLYPTON, TIesda.-The two prisoners captured at Plymouth on Sunday and charged with the burglary and attempted murder of Mr. Braddon at Blackland on Saturday morning, were this afternoon brought before a bench of magistrates assembled at the George Inn. They Included the Earl of Morley, Admiral Woolcombe, Captain Strode, and Mr. George Soltau. Mr. William Lavers, solicitor, appeared on the part of the prosecution, and, at his request, the accused were remanded until Saturday. Meantime Inspector Thomas will visit Southampton and Portsmouth to obtain evidence. Mr. Braddon is slowly recovering from the effeets of the wounds. HOUSEBREAKING AND FEaLkE H:EROISM,.-The Northrn Ensign records a very remarkable instance of female bravery occurring near Wick. It appears that the farmhose of Inkermanu, occupied bv Mr. David Levack, fishourer and farmer, was burglariously entered on Saturday morning. Mr. Levack's daughter, who was sleeping in a bedeloset, was awakened by a certain noise therein, and observed on the window blind the shadow of a person moving backwards and forwards. Knowing that no one had any business there at that hour, she jumped out of bed, seized hold of a man, and held him till her cries awaLened her father and the servants, who instantly ran to the spot. On a light being obtained it was found that the prisouet work of burglary. The felelow had ainread acmcesst the house by meanls of entering by the kitchen window. He was mmeiatly ppreendd ad tkento Wick, and -was aftrwads ommtte togao ontheehagesof burglary and ADDITIONAL MAILS TO AIND PROM JERSEY AND GxraiNsEY.-Arrangements have been made for the conveyance of additional mails to and from Jersey and Guernsey by means of packets which at present ran betweet those islands and Weymouth-leaving Weymouth on the mornings of Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and returnIng from Jersey and Guernsey on the mornings of Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. The mails from London for warded by this route will be despatched on the evenings o' Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, on which days there i no mail by way of Southampton. The first mail from Londonto be aent by the Weymouth route will be made up on the evening of Tuesday, the 3d of November. ST. JAMES'S PARIK ImPROVEm1E2NT.-0U Sunday last the iron suspension-bridge across the basin in the enclosure of St. Janes's Park was opened to the public. It is situated in a line between Queen-square and the Courtyard leading to Marlborough-house, and a new gravel path. way has been laid down between the terminus of the bridge on the south side and Quesnsquare gate. Several nesv gravel footpaths have been f ormed, andsome old ones have beenremoved, which alterations have considerably improved the appearance of the enclosure. AI.1BFTH PALACE, OCt. 28.-The Rev. Dr. Cronyn was this day consecrated at the Chapel, Lambeth :Palace, as Lord Bishop of the new diocess of Hutron, North A?nerica, by his pgrace the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Lord Bishops of Winchester, Nova Scotia, and Sierra Leone offieia.led, and the Rev. H. Versohoyle, Chancelor of Christcnurch, Dublin, preached the sermon. His grace was attended by his chaplain, the Rev. John Thomas, D.C.L.- the Vicar-General Travers Twiss, D.C.L; the Registrar of the Province, Mde. Francis Hart Dyke; and Mr¢Felix Knyvett, Secretary,
THE RArID DEsPATCU OF THE IYDIA MAILS.-The General Post-office authorities bave again secured a rap.d transmission of the India mails from Paris to London. Th, Calcutta portion of the mail, consisting of 48 boxes, left MurseUlesat, 10 p.m. on Monday; Paris, at 7-30 p.m. on Tuesday; Boulogne, 1-50 yesterday (Wednesday) morning; Dover, at 4-8 a.m.; and reached the London-bridge terminus at six minutes past 6. This mail came by the regular trains down to Boulogne. arriving there at 1 5 a.m. The Royal mail-packet Prince Frederick William, ordered for this special service, embarked the mails in the Roads at that place, the conveyance to the hoats, and thence to the packet in the dark night, with a heavy sweU on the bar, wind N.N.W., occupying 45 minutes, aud made the passage to Dover againstafresh wind and tide witbin two hours. Ttie speial train ran from Dover to London in 1 hour 58 min. The Bombay mai, consisting of 12 boxes, left Marseiles on Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock. and Paris by speoial train at 6 o'clock yesterday (NWednesday) morning. It arrived at Boulogne at 10.50 a.m., and the Prince Frederick WiUiam baving returned to Boulogne roads, embarked the mails from boata, and left again for Dover at 11.7 a.m. She arrived at the Admiralty-pier within 1 h. 46 min.; the mail was in the special train, and off from Dover at 1 4 p.m., and running up in 1 hour and 50 minutes, arrived at the South-Eastern terminus, London-bridge, at 2 54 p.m. It will be seen that by these excellent arrangements of special trains and packets the Bombay mail was brought from Paris to London in 8 hours and 54 minutes, notwithstanding the boxes had to be shipped by smaU boats in Boulogne Roads, and this ranid conveyance of both the mails enabled the General Post-office to send the countryportions to their destinations 12 hours before the time they would have been despatehed under ordinary routine. On these occasions Dover was preferred as the best port for debarcation, in the first place, because Dover is more than a mile nearer Boulogne than Polkestone, and secondly, because Folkestone being a dry hazbour as well as Boulogne. if the packet had gone to Folkestone small boats must have beeka used in landing the mails, and thus the same risk and delay would have been inourred as at Boulogue, whereas Dover has now the Admiralty pier at which passengers can land ana embark at all times of the tide. By running to Dover, therefore, the inconvenienoes of one tidal harbour oply Bnulogne) bad to be endured and overcome,
T1IF INDIAN RELIEF FUND. ST. JOHN'S-WOOD. On Tuesday evening the Rev. Mr. Bellew delivered a lecture upon our Indian empire to a large and inf[iuential I audience in the Assembly Rooms, St. John's-wood. A col. Itotion was made on behalf of the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the mntinies, and it was stated to amount to about 801. It is hoped that Mr. Bellew may be induced to repeat his lecture, wich was warmly applauded. ROTHERRAM. Yesterday a meeting waS held in Boiherham to raise a subscription in aid of the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Indian mutiny. 3ir. Coward, the Greave of the F'eoffees, was called to the chair. MIr. R. J. BL'ITLE moved,- * Thatthis meeting deitresto exres the greatoet borror and indig nation at the atroc!ous and inhumax crtutles practsed by the tauti. none Sepoys upoa our fellow-oounkyryea La Zdia and their helple., and Inoffenidve farilees and begs to asure the sursvvos and be. seaved relativestf iIts heatfelt sympatby for them in their grievous trias and aflUctUons."1 The Rev. P. L SA.NDBERG (who has resided in India) in seconding the motion, urged that the Indian Government had paid too much respect to the religion and Caste of the priestly and warrior casees, the Brahmins and Rajpoots. In addition to many minor concessions, they had dedicated p art of their tevenue to the support of the temples of heathenism, and they had so far respected the caste of the natisve soldiery that a commission of five natives had been appointed to decide for the army whether the orders of Government were consistent with their traditions, sncd no orders condemned by this native commission were enforced. rhus the native army suooessfully resisted an order to substituto caps for turbans, end when greased cartridges were introduoed were ripe, by virtue of their previous experienoes in matters affecting caste, for rebellion. The Mahomedans saw the disquiet ococsioned by the introduction of the new cartridges. They had cherished a tradition that the British rtle would last only 100 years, and their own supremacy be again established, their princes had even boarded large sums out of the liberal pensions of the Government by way of preparation for the struggle which should restore to them their thrones. Had the Government received into their army low caste men, whom our [rule had really benefitted, and who were more susceptible to the influenee of our religion, instead of confining it to high caste men, whom we ha embittered against us by depriving them of opportunities of living by plunder, as they had formerly done, the plot could never have been ripened without being disclosed. Eo urged that this conrse should be adopted in the organization of anyfuture native armies, and that while the Government did not interfere with the n'ative religions it should henceforth be really a Christian Govern. ment and give no support to the abominations of Eindooism and Mahomedanism. The resolution was carried unanimously. On the motion of Professor FALLDENO, a committee censisting of Earl Fitzwilliam, the Earl of Effinghau, the Botherham bench of magistrates, the clergy and dissenting ministers, the Feoffees, and other bodies, was appointed to collect suLbsoriptions, and the meeting then separated. BA.TH. The subscriptions in this city at present amount to 4,01-0
INDIAN MUTINY RELIEF FUND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The following letter from Bombay was received by me during the sitting of the General Committee this day. It will be read with interest, as indicating the singular and entire conformity of opinion and operation which is found to subsist between the relief committees at home and abroad. The letter was no sooner laid before the Committee than they unanimously voted a grant of 7,0001., to be placed at the disposal of Lord Elphinstone, the Governor of Bombay, for the relief of sufferers in that Presidency. I am, Sir, yours faithfully TEOMAS QUESTED FNI. "To TRE RIxOHT HON. TIB LORD MAYOR OF Lo.'-Do.N. " My Lord,-We have been requested by the committee of the Bombay fond for the relief of the sufferers from the mutinies in the Upper Provinces of India to place ourselve, in communicatioa with yoar Lordship in reference to a resolution passed at a publio meeting held under your Lordship's auspices on the 25th of Augast last in the city of London, and in the object of which we heartily sympathize. " 2. The resolution to which we have been directed to call your attention is that which provides for the remittance to Calcutta of the whole of the subscriptions to your fund. No doubt the demands on the Calcutta committee, in furtherance of the object, will- be very heavy; but the amount of sabscriptions raised is large, and substantial additions are being made from Madras (about 8,0001.) and, from Ceylon (about 3,0001.j. " 3. In our smaUer Presidency of Bombay we have, or course, not been able to raise anything like so large an amount, our fund amounting only to 56,000 rupees (5,6001.), whUe the demands on us are proportionably heavier, arisng out of the circumstance that this place is more ready of acoesj than Calcutta to sufferers in the Punjab and the provinces in the North-West. Our fund has already been severely taxed, not only in providing comfortable accommodation for several individuals and families who have found their way here, and in assisting many to proceed home, but also in aiding the local relief fund committees at hurrachee and LAhore with pecuniary contributions. "In consequence of their urgent representations that their means were nearly exhausted, while there were numerous cases of sufferers in want, awaiting relief and the means of leaving the disturbed districts, we have sent to each of them 5001., and an appeal from the superintendent of the Lawrence Male Asylum at Kussowlee has been responded to by us by a grant in aid of 3001. "4. We have reason to believe that we shall be called upon to afford assistance and relief in numerous other cases, but we apprehend that our sources wiUl faU unless timely succour is extended to us. " 5. Under these circumstarces, and considering the common purpose which we have all in view in the forma. tion of these relief funds, the committee venture to hope that they may not be deemed unreasonable in earnestly soliciting that a portion of the subscriptions raised in the city of London for the relief of the wLhappy sufferers from the mutinies and disturbanoes in India may- be remitted to Bombay for distribution among those who, falling under that description, are compelled to look for help from the Bombay Committee, " 6. In the hope that this request may receive the cordial support of your Lordship and the favonrable consideration of the London Committee of management, we have the honour to subscribe ourselves, "Your Lordship's faithful and obedient servants, "F. HUTCflINSON, for self, and "VENASKROW .Jr7GGONATHJEE Honorary Seeres, Bombay Relief Fund. "Bombay, Oct. 3, 1857."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reference to the following portion of your notica of the Great Eastern this morning,-" that it is only within the last few hours that the hour for the launch has been decided on, and the morning of Wednesday, the X3d, definitely fixed," -with a view to preventing unnecessary trouble, permit me to state that no such decision has yet taken place, nor is it in the power of any person at this moment to fix either the precise day or hour. The only reliable infornation that we are enabled to communicate on the subject is that which is con. tained In Mr. Brunel's letter, whioh you were so kind as to publsh on the 24th inst.-*- that it rnay be uncertain up to the end of tne (present) week whether the ship will be launched on the 3d proximo or the 2d of December." The favour of your giving this letter insertion will oblige, Sir, your obodient servant. JOHNt YATES, Secretary. - Wrz Queaul INaVngarion tvompany, Millwall, Poplar, Oct. 28.
THE " CHURCH OF CAWNPORE, TO THE EDITOR OF TEIE TIMES. Sir,-Let the proposal of "HL C.'s" travelling companion be made as fully known as it deserves to be, and the result wfil be, not an ordinary hturch, but a cathedral edifice-a temple raised in magnifieence and beauty to the honouy and praiso of His name who, founding His worship upon a rook, will not suSor the gates of heU to gravail against ie. I merely write to say that I shall feel to contriblte my mite-a guinea-so soon as a committee is form6d. I trustthe subscription may be speedily commenced. robedlent servant. A CURATE.
SM GULAR DISCOYEBRY.-On Tuesday the police received intelligence of a most extensive robbery in banknotes and geld, which was discovered in a very extraordin.ry manner by a couple of London sportsmen. It appeared that on Monday morning two gentlemen were enjoying the plea. sares of the field with their gun- in the neighbourhood of Battersea-park, when they observed two men cross the fields at some distance from them, and make their exit near the back of a publichouse called the William IV., in the Wandsworth-road. Stimulated by an indefinable curiosity, they wended their way thither, and as they approached the spot where the men had disappeared they discovered a cash-box lying in the ditch. They immediately secured it and on examination found it oontained a large amount of money in banknotes, and an old golden guinoa peculiarly marked. The box had evidently been forced open, and its contents examined. Inquiries were set on foot, and it was ultimately ascertained that the robbery had been erpetrated on the premises of Mr. Tweedy, a grocer, residng in Chelsea, and from him it was ascertained that the box contained when stolen between 401. and 501. in gold, besldes the notes and the guinea left behind. The gentlemen sat~t that they shall be able to identify the men if they should see them again, as they took partlcular notice of them.
THB SIAMESE BAfABSSY. PORTSMOUTEI WxDiBSAy. These interesting personages, consisting of Phya Muntri Suroywangee, Principal Ambasador from the First King of Siam; Chau Mun Sakbedh Brackty, Second Axbaudosfrom the First King; Charnun Mandir Bidacks, First Anbassador, and Nai Biohar Sarbkick, Second Ambasdor frora the Second King of Siam, with 12 prindpal officere of State and a retinue of Eervants, in all 27 persons 'whose arrival on Taesda; night in Her hjest' steam despth yacht Caradoc we reported briefly yesterday, have lnded at this port, and await advices from the Govermnent before proceeding to London. This morning, as early as 7 o'clock, Captain H. Seymour, Ca B., son of the Commander-in-Chief, and flag-captain of the port,A went out to Spithead in the steam-yachb Fire Queen, Mr. W. F. Paul, msbtr, ILN., commanding, and made arrangements for the disembarcatlon of the distinguished corps, At 9.30 a.m. the Caradoc steamed into this harbour with the Siamesg standards of the First and Second Kings flying fromher main and fore masts, and which were aluted by the Governor's battery on passant. On coming to moorings in the harbour, abreast of the dockyard, Admiral Sir George Seymour KLC B., the Commander-in-Chief, went off in his barge to pay his respects and offer the kospltalitles of the Admiralty. house to the long-delayed voyagers, who received him with every demonstration of high reverenoe as the representative of the Queen, of whom they have come so far to seek an audience. Meanwhile the dockyard wharves, the shipe in docks adjacent, and the ground abutting on the reoeption jetty became thronged with the officers of the dockyard and their friends, a large number of ladies among them, to witness the disembarcation of the illustrious strangers. At 11 o'clook the Caradoc ranged up alongside the jetty, her progress to which point was cheered by the enlivening strains of the band on board the Diadem. Rear-AdmiralSuperfntendent Martin had made the best preparations that could be managed on so sudden an occasion for the lending of their Highnesses, and General Scarlett, commanding the distriot, had posted a detachment of the third battalion of the Scots Fusileer Guards on the spot to keep the groundThe guard of honour was furnished by the 68th Regiment, and commanded by Major Grier. On the chief Ambassador landing on the jetty he cordially sbook hands with Admiral Martin, General Scarlett, Colonel Wright, deputy-Nssistant quartermaster-general; Captain Gordon, aide-de-camp; and Town-Major Breton, which courtesy was followed by the other Ambassadors, and the fiagship Blenheim fired the usual salute. The Port Admiral's carriage was in wait. ing, into which the chief personages were ushered bT Admiral M&rtin and General Scarlett, and the other members of the Siamese Commission having entered other equipages the whole were escorted to the Admiraliy-house, where a superb breakfast was in waiting, to which all the captains and commanders of the fleet at Portsmouth, Ad- miral MAfrt.i, a4 s f.fr l8--... I -, ,. - Lieuttenant Clavering, commanding the Caradoc, were invited. _After the dejetiner the "distinguished foreigners" were conducted over the dockyard by Admiral Martin and staff, aud shown every object of Interest, with most of whic¢ they exhibited and expressed unfeigned surprise, This occupied until nearly 3 o'clock, whea the entire corVgc were, driven, under the conduct of Flag-Lieutenant Malcolm and other offioers, to the quarters prepared for them by Her Majesty's Government at the George Hotel, within the garrison of Portsmouth. Here their appearance was greeted by a large concourse of spectators of all. classes, and certainly their Excellencies would not have felt in any way flatteredl could they have understood the remarks made by divers of the lowe r class of the auditory as they lighted from their equipages. Their State costume certainly borders closely upon the theatrical pantomimic, only that it is of a richer quality in material than the usul "property" of the superanu meraries in a stage burlesque of the Christmas or Easter family; but they appear to enjoy themselves and their position, and exhibit the utmost cordiality and affability to all who tender them the like courtesies. This evening they wil amuse themselves by visiting the Portsmouth Theatre Royal and witnessing the spectacle cf2hz Jewess, which is as weUl put upon the stage by Mr. Hutley, the lessee, as it could be at any theatre of the lke dimensions. T'he house will no doubt be crowded by anxious sightseekers, and it is questionable whether the objects before the curtain will not eclipse in attraction the efforts of those behind it. To-morrow the embasy will move to London by special train. Mr. FoweUl, an auatM from the Foreign-offce, has been at Portsmouth for some days past awaiting the arrival of the Caradoc, and has the charge of the mission. The treasures brought by their Excellencies as presents from the Kings of Siam for Her Majesty have been landed carefuly to-day, under the superintendence of Lieutenant H. W. Hail, director of dockyard police, and stowed away in safe custody. No foreigners have ever landed at Portsmouth who have created the interest and ctuiosity of the Siamese, and their hotel Is attended by large assemblages of gaters, who look at them as they sit smoking at the open windows with eyes and impudence such as only the lower members of Jobn Bell's family indulge in. The chief Ambassador acknowledges to the luxury of 5S wives, and it is related of him that on going round the dockyard to-day his eye lighted on a young lady whom he would have liked to make the 59th at the purchase-money of 3SOOf. This was related to us by a lady to whom the eastern Mormon confessed the weakness, with whose charms he also acknowledged himself smitten. After their siesta the whole of the Illustrious chiefs walked about the town, and visited the jewelry establishment of Messrs. E. and E. Emanuel, of High-street, tand were engaged in inspecting their numerous objects of vertu and value, with which they expressed themselves much pleased, and on retiring presented cigars to Mr. Emanuel and his friends in the establishment.
ELEcrroN OF MAbINeESTER CITy SURVEYOR.-Tie Ilsanchester city council, at their special meeting yesterday elected Mr. James Gascoigne Lynde, of Westminster, to I the office of cit surveyor, at the salary of 7501. pr annum. Mr. C. E. Cawley, of Manchester, was proposed, bat on a division the numbers were:-For, 19; against, 29. Mr. G. W. Stevenson, of Halifax, was propsd, but on a di. vision the numbers were:-For, 7; against, 2S. The election of Mr. Lynde was finally carried, with only one dissentient. LlEFBPOOL CORPORATION Accor,Ts.-LFVRRPOOL, Oct. 2S.-The accounts of the corporation of Liverpool for the year ending the 31st of August, 1857, have just beea publshed. They show that the balance in favour of the borough fund is 160,8671. 17s. 7d. net, after paying 31,0001. for the new landing-stage, and excess of pavments over receipts on account of Btckenhead Docks 24,0241. ls. 2d. The receipts from the " town duties" are net 139,047,t. 12s; anchorage, 1,0051. is&. Id. - and " town dues and anchora'e at Runcorn," 3,868!. 7s. 2;J. TRUST NOT TImEmS.-By the speech of MIr. WIilloughby, at Leominster, it appears that the Sepoys mutinied chiefly because they bad nothing to do. lsot being able to gratify their ferocity in regular war, they vented it in rnur. der and cruelty. That is to say, we kept a tiger and ceased to feed it, when it broke loose and glutted itself.-Puawcl. A SNEER AND A BLUNDER.-The advocates of the Sepoys, and advocates of al or any blacsguards and scoundrels who provoke the just ire of everybody else, have repeatedly cast an extremaely ridiculous taunt against those who desire that the Indian mutineers should be hanged. " It is all very well." they say, " for writers sitting quietly at their desks to call for the exterminAtion of the revolted troops." Just as if the wish for the destruction of those wretches would not be rather highly intensified on the writers' parts if, instead of sitting quietly at their desks in England, they were sitting, or standing, or occupying any other position of danger from insurgents in India. ProIably gentlemen who sit quietly at their desks and sympathize with the Sepoy murderers aud torturers of women and babes would, if situated themselves in peril of those miscreants, sympathize rathetn more than ther seem now to do with the victims of their orttelty.-Punch. LONDON GENERAL O,.rBrs 0oB CMrANY.-Trafic Reeeipts, week ending October 24, 10,285t. 5a lld. APOTHECARIES' HALL.-Tho fol`owing are the names of the gentlemen who passed their examination in the science and practice of medicine and received certificates to practice, on Thursday, October 22, 1557 .-John Howard Woodforde; Alfred Carher, St. Ain's Bay, Jamaica; Thomas Sweeting, Wakefield, York. tdvertisement.-Fall of Delhi.-Plan of the City of Delhi GratiL-On1 SundaY nlext each oopy of the " Dlsp,tolh" wil, be acrompanied with a Plan of Delhi. uniform with the Atla. To prt vent dlsappointaeest oonsqeRust uponthe enormous sale of the " D151pach,e pewrn d.ioutsl or poseeestog the "Dispatoh Lolr.,ed Atlas"are Informedthatthenewsp.perbe out of print ithhih a by prthcalar map has b le, prMeented, such mna Mae be obtained with the paper forthe urrent wee vL ither of th Dispatitich lassmapsib fos-wade gratis wttboud paer lttDeise bYMe,.,d,,dn 8a-et gratis with the paper. bokT rice of the rDispatch" is 5d. unstahped me stamped (to go ?res byjo. 6d. The Friday evening edittion may be reetvied in al tu es of kingdom ola Saturday intbiog. Odmers received by atl newsa.ge .', s at the offlee. 135. Fleet_-tr,et. Newsacenta ar reunethed to forwerd their names an I addressee, when specimens of the splendid Dloutlie Map (ooleuredi of Asia will be forwarded. Portfolose re now reAy, price 3a. 6d., 4t , antd upwards. [Advertisement.h." The Oxonsiasr in Norway," by the Rev. P. Mektcalf e -A A Bew, reiaed, and oheae edtioa eof this workbIn one oyL, witbo a Map and additional IllaetraLoans prioe I0nd.. bound, is Jut publshed by Mdersm Hbrat anTd Slaoaet Thu Ia by far the best took of gon.eral trvels that we have ret [^dverSiisement]-lndia.-Colone'i . H. Smith's rih bauy oSetch erap oa India, prite is cloth. beautsf al ey aou e contains a strateG Plan of Delhi and Plan of the Environs of Ca1. cutta. It has been exprwssly drawn by Oolouel Smith. and accurately Ehowe the Ciril. MUiltary, and Powl Stations. Ro04s, AcC. RBilwAYS snd Political Ditlsiens and Tables of Distances cosnptiid irom the Offciai Copy in the hon. East India Coin ay's Qnarter.masteV. General'gvsOle. Alo eptatin lAwrmeSe' MIlitary Plan of Dolhi and Environs, price Is. 6d.. from the unpublished plan- of the Ho East India CompnY. Londou, Qoge Abiniton, 4, Shoe.13me. Fleet-street, and bookeeliess in lowe or oonctry. [Advertisement.-Delhi (Siege of ).-Wyld's Plan of the Siege Works and AttacK ot Delhi, by Brigade.iajor Cheney. On& ibeet, 2s.6fd.; In casoe,Is. 6Ld Indtt.-WyId's Xaw MaoIneir, with the 01,11 and MilitIA ttIons,a snd tae Inaurrectionsry Ditrilck; one sheet, 5s.; lin =ase s WY)d'snew Map of India aknd Rmnr,ae, toW sheet. 3.. I In ease, k. Wyld's snew paknonra msMap Ot India; In sheet, Is.WL,IsIda i.I he,i. nse Wyld',snew)Ae oC the Orerland Route from England to Tiadia; in sheet, S& ; in "caS. Ii. Jame Wyld, eogapher tohe Queen, rang. '- t, exat door to the post-olise, oppodte solstmb and no. 2. B,YaI Mehange,
SALES BY AUCTION. South Normansun Advowson. M/rB. MlARSo is instructed to SELL by AUt- a TION, (unlesu previouasly tiapeed of by Private Contract,( at the Par ticulars m ay be h ad of Messes. J. an d B, Barbe- an d Cunrey sbolii tors, Derby; at the Mart, Luondon . and of 2hIi. Marsh, 2, Charlotte- Chimney, Pier, and Console Glames, Graudoles, Oonsole ana rna- metlTables, Stanids, Brackets, &o. 1UR. PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his BROOM, e e r3TEE tAY, the 29th Inst., at I pre. siely, 60 briliant PLT LASS oTvrossrs,mn te or large dimensions, Introduaed Into° nandeemy c and gt ftamer, suitable for the drawing room, hbrs d and boudoir; bandsoras ornamnaan cooltbs,gindlr eladres, cabinets. cebval andtie lse,bakt,adavreyo Objects of utility and decorats,. yeiwsth a rcdn h sale, and catalogues bad atMrPhlis,asboe Grosvenor-basin, Pimlico.-To Builders, Stooso, and other- Secon,l Annual Sale. MIESSBS. EViESFIELD and HOBNE are in.1.structed to SELL by AUOTIOS', on the Premises, Bridge.wharf, helgraTe-place, Pimlico, T HIS DAY, October 2v , at ii for 1° on atcount of ttenumster oflots, shewhole ofthoe xcellentSTOCK oora3rising 10.000 feet of sawn tce h in Hirehill, Pot tr Newton, Gadsiey and other I or,shirt stne, Portland stonge in blcks, 20,600 feet ci taoed and self-faced Yorkshire paving and landing1s,ep eli sinks, coping, headstones, t.. asho a etrrog contrastor's waggon. set of bas seave bloars, and other effects, May be viewed one day previously, and catalogues had on toe Premises and of the auctioneers, 40, Palliamnent-rieet, or Cozl Exchan3ge. ln venrye rtnr olost , Stock ofe a Jewellera adWatch nsdi Clock Maneusactrer. also ot a Diaper and Haberdalser, 400 Halte and Fancy Caps. 140 pair of Boots and Shoes, 8Ma feet of Crown 4laa. Grocer's ttkwgo, riutural Implements, and Effects. R. ROBERT REID wan SELL, at his Rooms, Great Marlboroegh-street, on Monday, November 2, at hi for 12, rodern FURNITUTRE; comprising rmahogay lo, dinin, and other tawes sofas, chsirs, and easy ditt, chimney and pier glasses, rEce And obecr carpets, four-post anid'j Danned French bedstada, bedding, cbht of tcablers, mnarble-top wastseikds, dreeslag tables and glasea 1,dhune pendage% , ie The stock of JseliUery comprises 1 tbe old cohains rnines Albert ditlto 24 sInet rings 24 lever watchies a menlats, r, spring dials and ecks, and effects Misy be viewed en Satin',day, and (ltsloguecs had. Modern Furolturm two Cottage Pianes twoHadOgn Gl W,:tch and Chain, iron Niest, &End gns.Gl MMjESI3S, HA2MAON D and RILOART will SELL Ai2CIOT.at heirGret Boms,28, Chanceylane. THIS DAY ct 2' a 12 or I ~cQuanity of odeletBCODH EOUS an 6''k'CE UIOh CTIIE naewodsoualonais, The late Mr. Lashmar's oelebrated Freehold Premises. Ship-street Brighton, with the T'eade of h Baker anid Flour Factor, ranked among the largeet in extent in the kingdom, established, for upwards R DANIEL CRONIN Is htrmcted by the Exe. cutrix to BELL byAUCTION, at the Old Ship Hotel, Brighton, DAY. October st 2 afor 3In the atrnoon peselsey, he must valuable FREEEHOLD RESIDENOB wit Shop, im Four Mill, p)Ile of Buildings, Includn tbe epittal grain and flour sftores, a 1I haor=epwr engine, loftyv haft, and out-buildings together with the old, btabihed aod extensIve Trd of a Baker and Flour Dealr which Is of the lunot indepedent and profitable character ; almo a Blot of Greund In the rear, at present in the occupation of Mr. Peerless, a tenant at will, atg20 pertannum. Theipreimiseare inexoeiant odr mnost convenient for both occuipation and buisiness; and It is obvou that the addition of the grain and hey trades for which the rmiseis and space are weil adapted may be made with considerable lacilty and advantage. MIa bvfewea on any week day witbin onie week prior to the day of sale, neteen tbehouws of 10 and 4, and raLrtiosrlar may he bad, 14 days prior bo the Wae, at the Old Ship iloteL, Brilehton : at the Corn ExelaneCoffeehouse, 11ark.iane Loncan: George HIoteLPlortamouth; tles Whie Hart Hotei. Lewes 'the Angel Hotel Biadnsinake; the White Hart Hotel, ReiRate;, of deorge P. Hill, Esq * solicitor, Brighton ; and of the auctioneer and estate age.t, 1, Vermon-place, Bo mhuy-square, London, W.C. Vaubl reehold Eistate, NewWnsr rdcn a well-secared incmeof 16 pe anum. R. DANIL OBNNwl EL by AtTOIVITION, at Garraway's,Crhi,onTedy o.10at2.n one lot, SIX. very caultal and cheeflF EHL RSDNE, with nest fore-courts and gardens,fointhwolof&utapee Peascod-street, New Windier, in the foto h ihra,adt pleasant and healthy nelghbourhocil hyae.e oMscKlur and Messrs Winter Farinter. Goodafl,HarsanWolerspcbe and old tenants, at ow rearfy rents, athetnarta paylingaltxe,d. and producing together £162 per annum, forming a valubeadeue investment, May be viewed by leave of the tenautit ndpriolr obtained at the Star and Garter Hotel Windsor- 0 xcag Coffeehouse, Mark.lane ; Garrawar's; oi W. H. i'l'be.Eq,sltar, 18 Newr Broad-Btreet; and of the auctioneer, 1 ennpae Bloomabury.square. W.C. Valuable Freehold Estate, Woolwirb, consis~ting of theCa. WtIe Pnblie, house, and Three House and Shops adjoitnln, the whole producing about £160 per annum. MR. DANIEL CRONIN is directed to SELL by- -, AAUOTION . at Garraway's, Cortibill. on Tuiedsdy. Nov. 10, at 12% in one lot, a valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE, conmprsig the Castle Public housee, let on lesse to Afr. John Rowland, for wvhich a coneiderable premiuma was laid, for a term of 25 years from Mtiobselmnas last, at the rent of £91 rer annuam-;also Three modern Houses with Shops adjoining, let to ,ecors. Weavill, Newell, and Bailery,yarly tenants, at ;US Ss. 40. per annum, and a right of way on the private road, for which the gas company and savings bank pay;S1 io. per lartnum. The whole forms a meet secure and valuable investment. in addition in the cert aintofablare premium-forn Frenewaldao lon Farnteiotte-x patnd Sofsajilg the r Mtlae.adowbe Gaiewedsb lreaverof the teaonts an paticlas bada the Mo haleest BaErn: byalsroN at Garrawey's;Cr Win, TFmaye, Noq. 1, soictor2, Greuqens-eondl,, seomichad ofEEHr. DaNalCrOMEn, of d5lenr andam witht agent,ble Vevenon-pyInte,rBoos-, Isufoet falabl and singotfanImportant Freodrotae,batdIatl-a, intthe laefr 2ntyeaSrrey tomfrlBathard, h Hotel repcablnsd rwoeapol'aibHles eand, Shopis a edioing, th ModeradosGrens,o Brewery, ont , inronery and ANE CO I Is fomnigataeo n au voagiuread wt proft.rucp,ort tIonsluby therwagell now SaLL byodehoteON, tat Guarranag'e onTesday, Nov. 10bli, atd 12,theundus; on y she Tocureta RoutesHOa ISCopsME, ig o no£.2or rennum y, Inthvaube Reverstionaryspentierest, tesersut,wollnexpotaidnga cnsid.aterpable sumomneyllonduethepoebty anbMd.i cmmndn ah Iteri,adeoftunusa magnitue marde profit. Thue prq,opetyincludes Windor welw and toMr.daem Oronel, taQuadrangee,1 prmomisles, camn ploraisure garden, medw ad.bwig re Shp AdCTOiNin, rowarwa. or eety n tesouatiNon repetivl of Ideare Holestr adandndeialer Funhe pEaSrtiulr wil I1de im h bigoroth vint.orerim, HappiatondVls may bermad ogC .Vol Vertuarelaco GmBlonmsbroad qaWe,t Wrmtn. lttC. r.Wd o Superioabl tent,atehold rnetent of rompter nu, aiddlesb ex. e N, as at Garraway'ofMsm. on rtunesay anov 10iat 12laninmialymoseculdreg :and desirabe altong eAerH, I,Veon'VpSla eNT'jm bysituate I GWs.nrod WetBO.e,lttoM Wd,ams rhesvectable Ftenant at th etof£0prnu,cdig thel byloapen ter ay he vi ewpedl hr levey the txenant,oan paticBELarsy ACIN t arrawayg; onfTuesdr. artiNoenm end0a Red, incitour Rayond-buerminldngisoland oprt of the autin er,t1,tVrno-lae the jomevr thsycheareul WIO.SB ibgLdn n oecut,bigNn 3 4 The valubl F61eehodylde frnvetmeg n t, Old Kent-road,.at thea tropter pera=um.tofMr.re Charalesenantsid dhecwoeased vewd leve, tatnh Iacnelpresal antrthed byu Bu aennathe ExcuoroD eLLty; aUCTo , at Garraway's , ofi.Ton Tuesayb, Noeber 10. at e, iacnefou lots,r Theormas oin,inusoldproprty of theg Trms-yatrd. thleymcusrreet the cf heeru anOUSeS, wit gardenspand floreoburt-s,bengHe, 13. 1. MtoablSu offernbe preitulyadterewplctberet1SEfLLb,A£`0,1£26. and t porerlanum toher respienctable tenants.brThedwholeemay i he vomIeweb leave,sand pnotlc'mars hdot th prisin Sundwosf gavrneaberutye.rDean Swlt'CoattGraag'e, Mofhe Lu.hom's Caveob. Churc-Streetg, andotney; ofbl -r hmsJre clio,I TIn' o rms-yrd.y fx C ofemutroer- andeoftheure, near,ow Vendwon-lae Ilom ebr-car.W and ceyar snah, ieeoll saterslg of Is0 abuttrestre milesfon, Aldrsioit Cam, aS resent BR OK adiablfedBEAL (inyeaten eitefonmanc.t sarron ysi pltsogetheor 0inezlot o mUe bds, the elebrat d fOorAKESAE comtrisin noblemansbion, prark, and woodens ofgratd beauty,gh Dheane intresingspos, eve cotags, odgs,and50 acrest of dopmard.e arable pastre, madow nd wod len. The rivr e, fith oan trout Cap,ad-rset an vadmiable fiedfnESTm-Ent itermpr ain. elenaoInd plotstof or 10 acrs oorsaleres abodes, wthe dema,ndofor houesd In. lawns,e boeinreator, andthe greundospaid tery hih. thebea guaranee formsuces is Isla etreaty,i spplyck ohandetn of. deand . shortlybeobtaie ableno Mesrs Clawyantwon mallroonttandeWinw,ringit fewsur,Lnce in's-inairee andb offee insrwo l rooks and if ea sl, auc-b tinoner, land ains, da yrsnd I surveors f29x, Dcetatldyo whomeadis-mnt wllteoreto ie mape be had.clr n ln,no rprn b b Caiaberate thureySwn'CDelgtfu esidence, S Lawun, dns,Meadow and 3rtl X'renldi, vesatnstr.Wel-Buildng ites. o MESSRS. BRLOOKSar ndtrBEAel o taore withb Mi.Isrciost ELb AUCTION, at Garrawas's. on--drag, o.5,s 1 w aus3ta valuableD DW EEINHOLD S8.wtATED, comprisine aemnd Cottageo. 1andesiroablewamiy, Wresidencer,wInth sie. homoe-io otad do., leawn,sh cwonservtory pleasue go r.oWsditern, ecthy edpbib wort Cottagee, gta rentand lawn,pe andntoumalclear ottagy es,ucta,su fihtenexeto of prsrsWleoffered inx) tw late, cunsderifybnoathslwl thei Lenon,andis aiy rsin inpulicfavur.Deaild aderisemenatsoo areue, lee-steet an of he uctorere,50 n l'eaed ir,vesioar MIfESSRS. BELTON r ntutdt ELb LL.AUCTION, at Garrway-,o hrdy o.5 t1 w LsuBHOtnLD FRHL WLLNTASS,wt hps i~t and bGlHoc.s 11 andet 12. rawy etiser nteOcot rensgo teounte; te to ier o lese oM.Wsen ahgl en gribund-re,nt af renta of9 £er pe num(la onnedcin value Theeky tonprisa vryexte monsivegpremies, andenguin angoo bold sta teiaon gi5 fair ptaromiseod alrgl iea s f41 ed reversionary bevee ylaeof the tenants. and particulars may be haotbtrwa';atinedr'r Coffee-house foat ofe WSatmonste-bride;ft. Dlgrenam,o M es ltidltor, 3,Sne-l'aneuck slettrsebu,Torehmadciy; and of P. and .,Ble,acines 4J. Blltoen. aetmeg 6 atngarden. CamoridxgFe-bran ad Bruhask auab.lon eaGwTsehold ,ropert atfloseb Blanch,-Menton, producingn a rental, Iof£263er, aunntum. ioh i~?rSSR. BETONare nstu at d oSELL by LEA eHOLDESTTEl situaehand bering ands 1,4,,8,c09 anovd 10oGucghr-trestree,nearlambrudge-suathgae, lethotogoodrve, nantea gru D-entof£ NHprAnnM.As ai SE LeeSteho sae, Rosituate goo weklyteant atrens moutin to£9 perZ annm,riand thel for atemoftsocrestagrnnd.um rofo£1 ifupranntum., eMayex ronandFracis slictor, 1, okelaose-ar, city; and ofi P. and J. Belten. auctioneers..46.tHattun-gatdehe Hihand Doesoints, SliltsSatiltie Fandy Rfects. ih o hu iFridny). ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~D.Y Oct. 20, at 1.PEEGOS2lts osis err, from 17, Doughty-street, tyMeghburi arewit of ouale som.o tenbmrgstplaresithou reserve, ut ndter eighor of. onoDEan withlnSELL, at othrie Rofto s,ity usualeschamber appendages, excellentrdaungooml furgnitue lofty ofawox. tendng dningtabls, lbrar tabe an chirs,abfewendoraqtagrc, an Stabl, Garen, fo, bu 0$w,s MESSRS. ELLIS and SON Are directed to SEL-L ML by AUCTION, at Garrwys THI Frday, Noct.be 69, at 12, l ouneletsOan accptableofferb revloul madNeSbyh proivaecoturctf apwih very deirabe FAMILmprovem Dnt E an otinisnhedi arsupertioor manner,pituate Ing that, lbeautifu and wattraclstive localty, ighbflorytw cesenat,dcontigus tosom e of the mope t pleoa,singx ua b districts in the neghborhood, ofandn,ad withinmt half4,I5 and hour' ride lof the oiglyr sum ;antd a esaticoldee',- possssin ma behad To e vewedby ickts only perinatedm.aThe Chelars, ma ehd1 aspirt h sl fMsr.B tn oli MA Her hil.-Veamrable t Lease hol Red Estwnate. a sLteyaUCTIOe, at F Garrttaway's, wihnonoFidy Novem eber,t sta-i I lvtion, with stwofoed frontshandprioamnrac,staeN' ENTOM and SON will SELL, at the Auction V Mart, on Friday, tbe6th of November, at 12, a moet reapectable FAILMY RESIDENCE. seated at a pleasnt remove from the road, and apreoached by a neat caniage drive. It contains five excellent chambers, two dressing rooms, water-closet, draving, dining, and morn. hmg rooms, wel arranged domestic offices sad cood cellarage; handsome lawn and Dleasure grounds, productive g arden, comprising In tbh whole nearly one acre. The out-buildings include a groom's oottage, two-stall stable, coach-house. and other accommodation. The situation is peouarly healtby, the reighbourhood highly respectable,. Held for 21 years from Lady-day, 1852 at the very low rent of £11. The whole in exceUent repair, a considerable nun having recently been expended- May be viewed. Printed particulars had on the premisesof Messrs. Merriman and Denning, eolicitor, 25, Aurtinfriars; andoi Ventom and Son, 7, AAn el-courtt T hrogmorton.stret. City.-Elegant Household Fmurniture, a fine-toned 6Ioct.Cottaga Piano. f oste in a rihcarved walnut cue, a handsome Drawing-room Suite covered in figured silk, an elegant Coneolo Tabjl with glass over. Registered WriUjg Table, Wrought-iron Safe, cut PDe Carpets, Glases, ew Bronese, Dresden China Figures, and numerous valuable Effects, taken under a bill of sale. RB. IZOD begs to announc he will SELL by M AUCTIOl t Dbe 'ooms, 69, Queen-street, two doors from New Cannon-street, THIS DA"(Thursday), October 29, at 12 o'clook an asesemblage of elegant HOuSEHOLD FURNITURZE removed for convenience of sate. including a hanadsome wainut wood drawIng room site, with tables and cbeffoniers in coroesponUing order; brUiiant plate chimncey and console glasses, large cut pile c- pets, inlad cabinets, lofty window curtatus, proof prints bronzes, pacso, and other Items requiste for the drawing room ; superb Spanish maMoanydbiug rom,bray,^n be cbmbeappolatments,including seteofhairs andloungesovered inmorocco, telescope dining tables, flapstand,richcarved-back dboard, oakibrarytable and bookcase, handsome carved Arabian bedsteads and damas hangings, noble wing and plain wardrobes, sheets of drawers, double and ingle hole mnarbletop wasbetands, Brusselsca>ets, curitas, do.; and numerous valuable and ornamental etietee. 1etay beviewved the morning of sle, anDd octalognes had._ __ _ _ 60, St. Paul's Churchyard.-To Picture Dealers, Connissleurg, and the Tradie ingemsraL, an Assemblage of Pictues of the Englisb, Durtoh, and Flemieh Schoots. R[R.BARNS will SELL by AUCTION, as above, wr_ TiKf8 (AY TiTureday), October 29, and Tomorrow, at I odclook, each day, a ollectiou of high clas PAINTINGS of tbe various schools amo.ng which wll be foun)d Ecce Haome, Van emess manz a terrace scene Wv.Angue, a shiping Vandervelt, and others by -he lowoirng highly rebtemed mastr:- Mnsin Vasn Btee Hobbima Andres Ostade Touter, C. )oldr d d. Caspu hdOn h rmss ILB, M1 X q advand SD plt, Conamitrolal-road.-A Leasehold Dwelling-housBe, by order of the Ad. mJintntratix of Mi,. Anm i)odd, deoeaned. ~jR. MOORE will SELL by AUCOTION, at this Martm, ornerouTh*epney. 2,rt 1, theiay D cWber 30HU tlf, N2 , a eou nplrt-sOreet, in osupen ior mofa thERf,il ofAdeosGed BaoUffedto solietor deandCold-hoteuse,mht OnTse-tornngt, Serme and cat logue Mharad at the aur oneosomse,Kieen-oa,E Tocwel Houleowayneu KignUde.-LeDeboraosld Houhers.an og MV.R. MOORE wil SELL by AUCTION, atbthe Maotms.n Trurrkf SteNney- g , an,1on Trid Er. DWEto ING 2, about, in68 Etpieces of spersiorwt mtodwellAPE loHtaNGIGemS, lotted trosut the traent1 w fhl li and prvt byr.On he orn,1ingof sle stocy=l Holloway. and Kiletlatnd.-L ea5,esold grouse nd rehopL. Ay cedehoflth Dwelutlxng our. 1a9eee Pouch,ec-poead, In threeA laR. MOORtelwllOu SeLL by0a DAUcTION, p mat th .LbLMist g, oanuthur,soay. Nor. 1 12, 12,metHR-axEE a DWE,CING-AI hOUSES, In Eiarst-plawrceln, CNapi-at at, Sthokel Met; atd£13 ther 4o yioears; goundes rfleentdL To9 Beshl. ossan hp,i on Yeelroad,StHolloRway-od letatio£-1; Lterm 35 sers; Wgrondret4. 1 AFsort decasehod.Deln-os,1,Popc-lc,Bc-od Klnslnd;It t 15wgoudlen £2L bys DesCrIpONv patiuhae Of . empeer, Eq., owr embnr g2oNINroad r S Mer Elhliar Phillis andBanniter,NoliIs. Itt12,CJements-street Salons-an Rq. soicitr, 5, eawreseln, ground aet, the Mat andweli1g the ;ins tloe4.'s ffces ie-ed-oad, H.ue,3adi alwYPae ok NearSlepcy ailwy Sttlo.-12eaehodn prodoHucIng £24.i threelots for uvesrsen.-By rderofGte Eecbilterof iity. Joh Ushot and one Leondole-aneu, No.o4o y2,Jaesstee, SandLmon'slan leto a rt£6, Produ2in lea~n,s goun ret 2 ;afwling-votes for cenrn;ad w I-ome ose and mL gaiwypae ok rIed,lete atnd44 &ex.PIn lears, goron re ordesripfthve pAdrti. ouratrs of Tr. Whg. Ratcliffe , soiio,Dde01tRue ht Hosesret, oteneTudy, N.OTesr. 1h2lpat 1 nd GREEhil REElDcoS, In, reatehue-slreet, let ,;M at thne Lsart;ads atCheurch-ioneer's offireh, Mih,le-n-otad, E,1;svnLmod,Odra,le t;l$ w Eastret lendt 16 ofLdn-aub Freehold, C1,rok-s'hot,ldt andlB, Leasehol hrolerty, JonsroducIn let ord bofe ter80 ater anm gihr ng veotes fore stee,I-dese and lese. inr whletsefor invest2 nt,h ore af thaeboAdminhs- wraptore ofM.thoar. ofaThos.fW. decased. f oicti ea o HOR. W OORE will-tet SteLLuby AUC ttteatIO nd at the eauth-steet,s olet t£5 nineLee-a-ohold ChrhrodadLhrh pathnle at£141; senLearelolds Oldtek-road, thatl, £115 tw tipyolds, tolpn.caudewayn t6BLEt at Barrett-Copyh sokel Brook.g rtrn eet D, let at £168 a Freho fu16 CBrLOkstee, l4hns uet at£ toaLae hold, o, Johisteet fboaleto Pholy therm ton3 tharee newcapetalda Sresltreetde oanlease flortwhge term Mat £52 fiwe; ab deasDehold,scto Hsae-lan, apltcatio £18 and Kikan,-eir autBriong,r and lett aget, £15 H9Dou-se, Wh,iteyHoaestree, ktepsty, e.; atteMat ndah auntcloBee'sofices,Milze-nd-roaoOdFr,i, B,Sh-y,id,~a PnPHeock, nelarynew, 9 lzated Harneurs, Clohin,he MIR. KIRKANI has been favoured with instruce. .3k ioins to B,coEL In &UTheOAL, on therremtl.g 2,e Sarotoke Newi SoeNwnton, THIS DAY, Oct. 29.a sfu OBTN 14ou ha-and,qit I t'co,b ride ior dhove,OL fahOnabl Prono Phaton n0earl inbotew, slcaptoSed oit tPlate Earnrs Clornething fe. Maye be finweod thet lday rdevios t irstcasW5e-dozen ofhpalranOldld Ort,y 41 dozen SfCart herry,eMandel Eok adaout9 oeno Ularuet m Madrenf viqewrsa ansmpes,b tleAR onpIrKeMAtN das brevost lenfaourd witlgusothainstruat kt.ione toBLL byd esaUtesgnt, onth P'rekses,e, Blarrbeattgrove. S3toke Newington THouS DAl, Ocrnt.u2e, abouttg hal-pas 1o'lock by worder the Executodrs fthe l9eJhn0 w Rq,t dozen of vbioWne u qeurs 1uprio choIRKMLDAON brom 10eton yeavrsnbote, seleted In ithuc tionsofpe andL gol Aherry,O1 doen ofe Clretie, Chamagne anro grook, StodA abountdoen ofH1iqueur, Oayober viewe and1 safore2 o'-c taeinelyon paymorento theda previtous tof thalke,n caaogun obnwin, ed atl the WhiteSwan, ToteNhaTURan atnth offiesofMr. comrkinsg mano thogeer fourveyort, andostat agndt,e 8,dsParkdlce Budbedng.hahogandy3 Stayboke Nw engtoa.Eood Furniture. cottatge Pianoforte in rosewo- wood Cas fe byd pot,dat 45 dozen ofshry choiet Winaages and Liqeur, Bok,Cin a,oeno Glqeers, and MIsalcllnaneout fects.lgdnirpeoma an Rnnmral X iRKma. Maybevenw avued thaypeiths and mrac- tlon sale SEnd bytal AuesotaiOne on the peremifses aot2 t are ttegrover, streore,tewngln eTHIe Rent . Olctobert20, at 1 fo3 1 Cuo'-t.clck prcSealy,b Orderhofd Etthes Exctr of ther laterohnUwn l thESHe RSEIMOOi UNTRE and TEMPEOT,cmrsn a oa our-post, IrOn,an othe bdtheads, and bedn,mhgn chests tof drawes, washingH sasID, anI ftins,desinBabe and wita reAb adlues'Rmahoganynwardroe anFh sacabrre quisites, teseathood andmaowan cardy aned O8;lt te tables chars,e tcesce t yary,bookcste sadebar&d,6 octaer 1ottg pirsanorte srswo cause o by Thodpdont. Jlmer.les;adwt Brusel Tonure,adOhrcViets,fendelrsn firieiros,ey.ta nouest Freoldbooks,hia giasr0dozend nin doen nM of.lquur, theoovlmoesreilar utenslsgarenipemi rtsand inueabl tems. T ay bevewvewe Pptheudayrviuadmon theo rsale,tind cataloges oba; do h rmss tteWie swan Totple.nhum;ande att4 ofcso r ikra,acine valer srveyor, Dand estt Bankeut.lc-Theah sudeio3,fc Carnno-t..e city Smll Fok reeholedEtts lome tox Comupercial-oad, and aunturoplar. hAESSRS. PORIE andTEMPLE are iStructed AU TIOSELb aUtO ate themx Muarit, conTursdCaney.lanov.12 aTo 12,rInow, lcoter,u atFR12Hfor 1 ROcUetSE h and8 ,UboratyadoakOFFIetComErITINS,oa mpeast;lengr pedinter atuiS o yerlbar-.yogthber thedeah oawdowlad, aed68;leto tedreceeing tnstand an rguTbuanDay, ao. 4he Woot57more-storeeh oplar leading from, neroto Hood lae Into ottnsreet;bilet tok r Ryeillyatm Oayer es raESSawtRS.T beIvieweN ParticuArs. OR blnmon-tegt Mes otrs. thempSAnLd Wondtor abovevlctosa4blePOPfEldsReTY wol. k maore-Iste, of W. at. thearts, Esq., siIn xolot3, vz B-Loab Ly.pacreso the respabetiveprmises ofnd neach ato the Maret, and ofaiessr Sttoore Dandtemouhpl.acriok s, 4,curh B andfoeld-yet cty.me rm hrsa Panc, re Tur ean,u a rarenpprtunityfrThesperiorOficabe anndtuse,m ed Letawa Boof caitaloas fromtboeTaeml, Houehold Fourghtue afeindti N.te m aieoflt 1wtheirRopomstality rourt.geChancerry-lanel. Tom. ourbrowictober30 att12gcr wi, excelent SanIs P rry ahilletorespectandloa OFFeld eat,a FITTnGs,acompriingpdetal and 1oth er ibrary Utables, prapef rediisol,des raililed part. itiaeonig the uamitsIf Pe," rusils, wirpera frontbedseads and1 bedding chestsig ofov drwes,washsftandan fitnting, andeval casssdapital faog itcanyrextningdiningL tableA,submstyand pls gltashe, oeod brikbilrohond Redetabes, easy chairsd ganda Yard,orerdu miscellanieslMybdiewed, aondristaIs. r.eS.Lo ha.-4 OhnThis ay, at terheMrt-7aes of Freehsl.Lm,oldt BuildingeaLtnd,dnear to a , precedingorest-lh a rnd e Sydenha64mn.t lIAetsSS DI SN and bAVEN-PORT beg1,TwedBds R dnotfthiSLEofthe abov valuabl PUROPE TY will atthks pLacenTHIStDA, at the Mar-Twd, a o1 nsi lTusda, tin-et 1`633 dacres NofvalublerB,ildin Land,oclc inea toe atherForesb hiorailway StheTaition, udartmoth-re,WUo the aehr, aond Wlonlytw mieE fo teCrsa PAlae LrL nn tat raresoppruiyfrm hrfbe and comdo secureehonvestmn DofaItalous, asUo-d houesd arereaIl sotught aftBerw k to thi Bli onethanranytothherloality.gLotden, acreoisOfFrehod aoter preng aud. onthereato sbelofglot A, wdithan Imorant frnttyage to Phegrry-ill Lote 3.eFou trick buil orprtlogesowithgrdsos, at Perryhill, letars arectabex wieekl eant re at rents pe anoutin. ItoDDnd33 lis.pr annum, out4. 16i otacealnsntebs of FeolEldigthendwed on thchsumditLof Perryuhill, coiftryiontageds of.18 fexsiet. prosponrgeteuAsvo visw ofa theo ytarde,borchlad,e ard,cutbuidins oempri s=eIng t. rer. S ofth6e aOne acreaIndg2b prchsor rehl ad on the north-eastBide o f we-tet h andv adoinin Theedpreceding,pwith a foronage teorthehg broadrof38 ufee?&. Paticulndardsmay biewhadpy ofMessr S.uDIcWson and Crv ort,esate so-eels rtand3 sungs eroad3.,Boneforsdrow, Mdn O t WC.dd slctweed to Mr.-&James,B Pir-e. JAn., PURtoVIe, Brinnatk.Re Noembysier,1ve7, vlat b 'loei lbsorafternoo,b orderoof EtheTute,esi urinde h Wlotheheo late JofHugyBntWlson, anReq. ,00wM sa,Toetyrihdfer wlstUelre garivden,out-oss anderall ooenetheraremises itheeoblodnging. A nadtown wal-slrecnft ly mdletonthegarden unde lEaSESfo heCorto ofOD aorid k N WOfLhD 6 er are muex- 3sp.eper - annum t oundigbateary ismarkedtouMt. hi AUTION, Ina eu ohotlbanks of the Kii Tweed,owhc andte thesrry,oundFing dwevllng-houseon the oppoite twshideof THuegrstBeetlTey,ligI abv sengeral wipethe wilbov0 oAmeresi one lT,ic andifenotUsoldatheneineedo inlo, weed teonseantd prema ighstaesormn uthrt.t For furStherted rab-ou t2 ionsanrcarst viewby,applyom toMesrsShne, WilsOmUton,er andd Croesmn sroictors 3,Wr King'cpstrad.tedord-row,th London Stordt .WedRailway DerbyhIre ver valuble Mnorll andFreeold Estate,corn-y prlsin the twnshipof Hunry Benley, ad aboe 1,580 acreso incidin ttswel knwn enily-hll nd Simdetn-aolidfarms. H14bESSES.bMOODYand LNEWBOLDr' Stave uc RT.pesr THOMAnnucn thAtIhe are instruted to OFFeR byo AUCTIO, in ne attue Kng's ead to ute,Dry onal Fusrifoy ring ence,withabove1,66 acre of ary rch ad ferile and,ecedinglywllten-nobed inraehigh statieo culivaion, andhsituatded taboutg frMBotr aRfrs cLK a st9 atio obteenhorhinfoureclJr Railway. district,candnapproaern eve Poryidetborod ofads; atdo p ithsr O Pthe cIOuN,tryhgntleanepleemGa, Wortcapitalit, affghords oan opturduyo ofinestmenmt rrl .pto be me wrigthn,comarticulars ofsale wiewshOft bhe sued andma behaf fo the nehwspllvt apernffcs; The woeins In the Dot erbyfadet W.At Wfiluot,Rtq., Buxtomaetlrpi. aigbe reetlHopltdber'a hers and Liondonuaes Stou ckrg.de o o The aR. ni ppoce byMA B aIn apl insrntemad bynthenPros3lepring prtineuLsllbyAUCpbed it narloetomit sall bft room,s,uo the dreamises,oo.34, Feahwt hrto-tanetol City-oa,honremonday, clo-et vemerh pprnat pecIsly thO wol othe h pr erypa superir IsasTe of ahe elIegnt andloER adrIawEing SHR rom noudoIirnechoflomu,0i flaUnnel,etowaelling, theetng, holland, lininnts,desss lzadiets antle gentlemen's reay ae bunder-leottin, an. Canaloguesa mlayb hadonur 2fthebypremises: andlof the andwurootioned 4 Pte'scort,oSt.hrtinslan.wt Burloedton-NbletFreehd orld aie, Mandsion,ewithexstenrcIse lawithoa ~A R. WILKINON' his be nishonouredgwit inovember 7h, at 2for 3 pecIsely,all2tha fnoble Ind sbstan tia., ereced REB OL MANION sitateandebeingtpor. 15an 16,T harness room, and laundry. From the ream of the residence Is a tounel, tesaing to the spadoous stabling, with loose boxer for eight horaes, eath 12 ft. square, standing for four earriages, harness room, and large yard, capital iaundry, dryingand ironing rooms, 75 tt. 4 in. long, drying ground, piggery, re. Too much cannot be said of this oroperty, both es to itsarrsngemente snd fttings. Pasticulars withconditions of sale may be had of Messrs. Wilde, Reez. Humphry, and Wilde, solictors, Coltege-hill, London ; and of Mr. Wilkinson, auotoneer, st bis estat sale roomas 168. North-streat Brighton. No. 87, Qnadrant, Regent-streek-& smaU Collection ot very choies Pictures, by the Dutch and Femish Schools of Art, lR. GAROIA will SELL by AUCTION, as abovo, MI To-morrow (Frilday), at 1. an exoeedlogly oholce 00LLBTFI.)N of ancient and moderm PALT1NGS. embracintg, among others, Lan'scape and Cattle, A. Vaudervelde; Siirmish of Cavalry, Wouvermaus; View near Dort A. Cuyp: t:hurch Interior. P. Neefs; and fine examples bY the following and other other masters:- Berghem Metzu Van Stry Herring Prichard In ioris Van Euymm Terburgh, In. On view. Catalogues of Mr. Garcia, as above. ESSRS. JONES and BONHAMI beg to caU iv publie attention to their old-ertbtabed and capacous AUCTION BOOMS as being best adapted for tho dixeosal of every class of rptoi: iutesded for mae. Thea rooms, fon od In the year 1793. nare, wthout intermfon been the channel f sr the Bale of al kinds of marketable property. bc;meucg Dmunctually at 6 o'clock, tiree evenngs per week; viz., on Wednesdays for misceDaneous Property of every kind; on Thursdays, bousebold Furniture exclustvey; oufrt days, ancient and modem paintings. plture frames, and works of art generaly. J. acd B. beg to e, that from the oonvenience of room' DrOmDt ettlement of accounts, and their large oonnexion ot purchasers, oombined with moderate charg they offer fatcilties for the diswpsl of al kinds of property not to be foumd elaewhere.-Auction Beams. Leeester-street, sud Prinoes-street, Lefoeatequare. Ths Etvening, at 6 o'clock to the minuto a large assemblage of good sud usefu modern Furniture, remove ftrom TarIous Beedsncens for convenienoe of Sale, Planofortes and effeets, 1IjSSRS, JONTES and BONHAM beg to call tho 1 A atteution of plartes furnsphing, that tbey wv LL by &UOTION, at their great Booms, Leioester-streot and Prinoeodstreet, THIS EVENING, t 6, a large assodment of excellentHOuB8SEOLD FURNIUREB, including bedding sid bed troom goods In great variety, Turkey, Brussels, and. tartry capes, bookcases, eheffonrers, drawng.coom suites in velvet, satin, andr daasn5 loo, Pembrokte. eard, sad tUning tables, looking-glas, piano(ostes bs Wosmuun and others, daveierDtr afreboeds, several wtte od cbas, insiudlng It chaIr frames splendiry can -ed sofas cochs and easy ehbrs cabines fenders anud dee irous. ats general effets. On vie, ean ca;Woe to be had at the ro<oms, Firstl Day's Sale.-Htousebold Furnture, Eooc,O 60 dos. at eO Wines an3d Liqueura, Fittings and Furniture ot au n Xzonme 0Odi,, China, Glai., Linen, valuable Oil Painting, and mbellaeosa Effects. (HINNOCK and GALSWORTHYwfll SELLbyb Xee AU0I1O, At the Roonm, 2A1 Old Bote dres. t. IS DAeY Otober 29. at Iti, av4aletyo excelents modeen HOUSllOLD FIB-U udoTURR, including diu ys nma drawing roomx ut5o, lbsrj mad chamber appendages, Arabian bedeaAss, beddtng, &a., the exabsipre well-made oedits fittings of an inhuranos company oonalsiln board room mad pedestal writing tabin and deksa hirs, crp e, oh . p a braryo well-boumd modern bookt, id goin ; elocksO e3Tlu1n angh by te nt Items, a emati but chol = ooleeton of sttdnet pAnt, Both OW5~¶ toaters:~. IdletliNeaeber DB. T HOl R P haIorcheived Bnsraokeins P. geS.bl Aboutn0d o, of fin Sae Wo ldi bottle, ond ynAl Sherries, Latis Claretse and o6mye curo9z Ertutinc , Con. tane , ko., viewed t t6h.eac rooms;en caalgure8r5s hadM6> o mte auIloeesa 28h5, ReBgenut. Bbe , Waelso-plsce.prk. Yo boue ^the-1 RoylPolyecnic ntitutIoad gnt ak HNO TlI()and GALSWORTHY will SELL by C 12,T100 at the Rooms 21 Old Bond-eatreet, Do-iorraw, Oct. 60, at 12, eDISSOLVING VoEWS as exhibited most suoesd ufp for mny consecutive montbheat the Royal Polytochnlq, and sainten for that ansrtitution by Mtoars.Hine,Case,dmI th, th peret nkrh,WaIde*. anud others, illustrating cmom of the voyages of Sinba-d the sailor, Ste. IW. Scott'S novelI Of Henllwooth, Zgypt in the lime of the Pharacbss and the destruction of Covent-garden Theatre, The views ar nue only adanted for country and foreitg exhIbitIon, but wil form raous beautlftl ane rucherchd windos for conservatories and other pirke; at the same tlme will be sold te valUable Appatus, cbymia glame azd models of a,prc.feorof chymisatry, who Isgoing abroad. On lewthe day proeeding, and morning or sale, anu cataloge obtained abthe Rowm, and i an the auctonee, 2 Regent.et, t s Kentlsh-towo. B.T O Phas received instruictions to SELL by, M1e AUol TIOvseN, at flarraway'e, Calnge1aley. Corubill, on Tuesday. the 17th day of N-,veirber. in two lots, FOUR brIsk-bault RZSX- DENO5 being Nos dl, 65 a, 66. and 6S a, CrRlo-street, Kezntish- tomn, belatnder lease for 93 years fron Decmber, 1857 at a grouaL rent of £6 3s. each house. Nos. 65 and 66 a, are let to highly res*act. able tenaints at iccreasilsgrentals,averagleg £10 pr" anmnu. each house. M E S $ o 3 e B l S s rn dyadLqe My be. viewed. Particulare and conditions oWf e to be h of P. att. E, 24,lasingbal)-street; at Garraway`; and at the eaetfox, offies, 28, fut er Alba;c thetreet, Regernts-park. Absohlu at,.U,-11 florninaton-roal. MR. THORP has received instrutictons to BELL by ,LV AUCTION, at (Carrto awLe, en Tuesday, Nov. ) I, at I precfgmly. the above very dooir,Ube ltmi detahed VILLA, of handsome eleva; tioi, with prtico EnltrLeCO; containing noble dining and drawlng. roomns. break L bt roomi, five bed rooms, dressing room, bath aup'i with hot and cold water (fitted alsoume ahower bath). and the Fnur offloes Itiaheld on leasefor906years(less three dayel from Ldy-.1a7, MI. at a ground rent oc £10 per atinum. Estimated rental £110 poe annum. tIs it insttedtup With every convee, S regardlesaCf expense. NaERY,wedby canrds, Para hticulars and Prondtions of sale may boobtaine of H. 0. Quick. Req, 27, Rpiaces, Blit rin: , 2Vat Garraway'er. c and atthe ationer's oces, 2 6, Up her Albany-street, t iRee t's-prOk b smllC pl st thtselInvettmeatmen, LTd Dpe R. LOUND a vill SELL by AUCTION, st Garra- way's, on Tuesday, Nov. 1, by direction of the Representatrea. ot Mr. John Higgins, deceased, St VPN brick-built RCSIDedNCES situate and being Nos. 1 to 7 (indludIve), Salamancastreet, Princes-. aLttst, Lambebch each containig four rooms. wash-house, end yard. let at weekly rute, amountiang to £93 per annum. the 1und rent an L taxes about £20. This property in In an excel!ent cueition for letting,, beibg surrounded witha manLufectories and otber large evtablhahoenth May be viewed, and li rtlauiara had of Meassro. Stretton and Psetan4 12, South-square, Gtay's-inn; at Gastaway's; and of the aubtonees, 60 hacr-lane, f onord Axmis ers, at a low rent, brod. i R. LOUND aisrctions to SELL by,LJACIN tGrrwms nTedy Nov 10 the valuable LE E,Wih pses, ol othe firstcePR IS known 6o theTwyordArm. cmmndiglysitate ed forming the corer of' Tnd ordpX and mtrtondoreet, Ca pB,opulous and respectable district, with plEenty rof gsce orbsnss.r ThemP returns acddes £200ders mouth,r aove, manner,o preentnge, an favurabetu opotuntyfr porechsOngve tagenin anDW R inresig uiness gte with thEL bdayog of a hsd at (arwp';sn = o fth autioneer. 00, C ancry-lens6^k1 t ga~~~~~~~~~~~v ndew Sal o Jweier. Pirof iaon ERrEg, andShi lONowmela byometto, WaCotchs, tandy ali.- nd Ve M ESSS. R BIN I S will SELL TORE, an wil te.nbe.1E, atl2, thei.rzzovnoKns.eutrgCd e ntnrd S o nHIS Xolbs 12t fr1 insoo,la FOREIGNL CIATOR. ano CAfi xpnsv darealol-cs es,u tilver aemfring eld lae, antn oa Mine gol st wrh geand foher vstioXaldutaes. thig.-Pze o Ol d oe actigars ato ofrt heia Brqu etyterin ingtle, - Ihe poamia bxe lo Wavereyg'oel^, Invedr, munty°ork segal. fEnlbnrs R. LITTsrsome tedao bchneg tonnunand tiaqeers M nstr OBIe S il toLL b yulolic AUCTI ON, atDh,e msc U. tpeir Orooms ob ay.CDve, o n Tu esdan eNovember 7 atn the Nvo, cof ndition andl,tedrtoo .ui prvae buyers,e Thyfile onE viMP E wiThT catal1Bu Es o nt e Irnehl Beng 0 sale, and aIner, on onf ead fromt Spliegelor ionseco and trunearte Inpostpiaon Cofenet-edenl. cons oe treland A Sale ofbterenter. upo u theresit ae, n l'theuaier an fa . bulITgs eail.Kover,horun.TyonTegeeal, wt,Tony go stSSR TiedooEH. SELL by pulia c AUCTIOnx,athis aloos 164saueaesof 2anrh.atrn bnlne0 101, iatotfie land E t I3PL gra erSatATEwi of BRSEt, ineI theiBllm ,, parish wOoDxf er,onthe mailo roodernoYr tsnheaond.lands ofe remat-er.uo whis chther i en Yeacelylenthoes Particu g - rm Toe oomy rmenng,ad ruln condiin aboub lass and oDnditions of sale, with plan, may be obtaind of Messrg. Currie, Wosodgale, aynd Williamns. eonictorm 32. Lincoln's inn-fields5c Lon,don, W .C.; of Messrs. MeCAsielers and Featberston, solicitors, 21, Welinton-quay. Dublin : anid at the offioe of the auctieneer as above- C.plital Household Furniture. ~ H. IL AISwil SLLbyAUCTION on the Preiss,I.SuIll-suae,Baopgae,THIS DAY, r. 29, at#. Ii frl, apial HIJSESOL FURITUE; comprising miahogany wardobe. bdstad, oh finler. sts f cair, crpes, onsole ta-bles,. chine ad perglsse. o.Sly b vewd te aypror and mornbusy, RU. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ecnt F& heloRoyal. Rlhnn-oTharciMngers end0Obers. H.CAI N isiitructed to SELL by AUCTION, rit onth oPremises.(unlesspreviously disposedof byvrivat~etreaty.; on Wednesdav. Desemte,, 2, at 12 for 2, the whole of the valuable. SCENERY, Msachinery. and Theatrical Prpertiets of the above: corm. Prining six beauttifully painted drop scenes.35 pairs of wings. 3) ditto.- tista, a quantity of sets, stage braces, shaits. windlasses, 205 feet of sttufred Feating, the Eestirg to pit and gallery, gsa-fittings, hiost-lIght. chandeliers, gas lanirs, and various other valuable theatrical properties, Z,ay be viewed two days prior to thesae, andcataluogses-had on the premises: of Mr. Stiller. 21 Sow-str eet,Coyetere;gda thell auto ofieK nog--tstreet l lchm ond. stgadnea da Great Yamuh orfolh,-To Wisande prtMrhns Inn- keerpers,and othes R.WILLIAM BIRD, un., wil SELL by AUCM0T5J, at the Star Hotel, rca Yarmouth, on Thuarsafy. November 5, at 6 in the evening lopt 11, the very desirbly sidtuatenow-built,FItREEIOLD PROPERTT, situate In Kintg-street, Great. Yarmocuth, nearly up"onsite St. George's Chapel now occupied as a, wholesale, fainlly, end retall wino anid spirt establishment; comprising a 'Weil-fittedl shop with cellars under, lrge cosnDting room, drawin room, and four bed rooms, kitchen, and offices, with spirit Etor, wino- vault, bottlinig-house, wase chamber, and every acoommrodatIon, Thepremises are complete, having just been converted and rebuilt in a moa sustatia maner Th siuaton c urivalled. A good busi- 2AFReeol Proerty usdabyrho,staeo AUTheOWrestles. plaNin,Iend djoiinghCtfullyttae-.treetarl pose ssaion,maydbe thed oil eac lot.-Pe-rlolare Wibendcnion nsel fr sale may u be had iewenda. befnr theauction hdof Al.Willian, orshi, solicitor, GTempe;at Yahmouth and ofmthedatoneeatGr.aa' a i i.Sera,acine,9 ITinout,OdBoa-rerroeet,ce VilROibl.n MLlR. TSZPEMA will SELL by AUCTION, sthi. .LJ aRaway's, Creedlane, Lugto-milorrow, ay,Octber 20.at 12.a sidRYtIrapg, dtoeaeclghtful cplae, noperarthed staton,en onp3 thaedhill, arnd srieulesha tof ga, Dixon, Eramp, stockeltr Tiempe;a thner Innsfre aWimbldon atlto Garonewaey.s and ofumerou otpearmanucti.On veer, 9 mnon-our, a ld Broad-streeta. G A oiaeSe of Miscellneods Cotds R1 . TOZARwIll SUIE wl ELL by AUCTIN ths St oomhns,ret, Clrkeel-lan, dgTe-hiliron (Friday), Oct. 30 at 12, ao ratusc,atclou mill,sia crusingo mahie, watoer Cisterns, closketasins adtrapgs, sthewere cioset 1 capen,sbopers,nd swknebpiping, gtslarwed and Iro nsashres, two 8gasyshe cramps, stock and douieg-os,endr adtfire-.m mo,rrow, andcat. alogues howdad. aous a nie rms& ho. atohn-teactiossknwouelLTo7 Bhakers, Fbtue. Daes n tes R.E W R LINLES wll SELL by A UC.N.a Gra St. lch 's Orfeer.Cetenouli, ObTo-morr. owIrdaUL,Ot 3o , Tusaty12Nor 1 'clock1, ath 12,exiensirabPlAe HOf Aithssabove cmp rany 2 knadting tong the ewtrectionoA 1 ovens,tbread nracks, batngut einsig weo.4ghin achipres, twon8mdaydiah, shedop lend founrghueitns anduep-dtr f3~ earios effets Ma beviwe,und etogiatalogues wlihads nonwh pretoamises renpcabed e t at the autin vffe, r,Chncery-l0perane. n os'eto Lfrpi easieehod byleve ofmthet. mersint.rt.clsha f Thif H. FINNIS wil; SELL by UCTION a5 Get usr- EY WyS CfRS oo F hanBs-asey CoALE, l onS DAThursay,No M v dabry1, at 32, desrable ROSE wop isthe aLIng,R cheerfully the,ts sdbadonftheaWe.satrn poied arilees, nursery ground,s beingtlNoboun. Wale-pla oea,H LomdrsmInthhedionrese fitrWUorrenounexpired.temaond yevars,etya goun rentc wofks gIncas,ialandwc isenowl lertur.to apmos respectabetenyant 1,10at thec lowrnt of Ld er nu In, cokosrer, atoe o6r surepairs,na be vriewed byt leave Of hetnan. triushdo and Anchor Tavern, llammersmtth. .itLay( at11 fr 1, wll ompis he3LIBatRY for I 9 tho-heevnig andamog wichmayheetoned B ouorlsiHog Land,and abypt. a varety f choce w rks inclassical end genera literature,-tho appendagesofonesb d chmor,uasment lEffecs.r aladsasae conserato an gronds-unctionlofftce s, 3 ukoirmdenF tar-quar, an 2, arwsk-anu ron Grays-inn. ahgnyAab Pt,Albn's Rets,Bh r. . KWs INGA. atdin emlthe t eo Wgueinn.SI,Albn's onTueday,November 3,tatlmtoriei ndthe eenng VALUABLE Fndreeholdcild daing-rLand,handaabouth Thre cre ofPastre Lnd,clostothe bownoesI Ahineyians situte o th Haieldroad an on he hewradbeadingkfrom nthes offces01theBrtis Lnd ompny(Liitd),1f hadomrae-rres bnal Stock of Stationery, Books,ouefn IronmongeryChse , , n early ne,ad miscellane ous Property ^ R E THRIS wllSELL bv AUCTION, at jeellesy, wearing apparel, boots andshoes,household arnturte,n effects. On viewv, and catalogues had at the rooms, InlaBnkruptcY.-R J. Sledmn-ianfrh W unmanufa i, R. SCOTCHER is favoured with instrucotiona bI tei e S t EL r, by AUrCTION. en the promses 119, Mibnus-street, Iteent's-ps k, on Thursday. Nov, 12, at 1 1 for II the entire STOC1K in TRDE1 of a YI ANwOFOR TE MAhN l FACTURR. comprising IS first-class cottage and piroolo pianofortes, t;ogether witeb th unmanufactured rStok, consisting of pinnoforie OmeheO tot vry de- 1,110 feet of 9 and, 1-isnch bakwlu,1back plankstalnb and dbobt,toms a small slok of veners, 10 wvork benches, packing ca, slo're, rae fittEn s-ckm May be viewed the dsY prIor and morningof es's tagnes had on tue premises; of P. Jotn, Req,, oDSlical assgue, 20, HaEing,al.stre5t~ of hlr. Rogers, 7, Cleveland-street;. oSl[r Goddard, iS. Tottenhamcoust-road; or of the aucStIoneer, 70, Mrtl nieretreet, Caveudish-equats, Oity Auction Roomzs, S9, Gracecburch-etrset E,Ci.-Msvblr £Chimn lieces, and the remaining Stock of the LondSon end CesitisenSt arbbls Company, relDnquIshing business. . H. JOHlNSON has received instrutions to SELIL1 ,J.L by AUCTION,a sh bCiSty AuctionRooms. as above fIn the are roomn on the first idoorl,To-mortolr Oct. SO, atl2 (the stock havin been removed for convenlerce of sale), this vslnsbte COO LlDOflO M fARBLES1, In Ronce, Royane, St. Anne's,Flnoentine, Nagoio ossils, blue Beige black, s-nd other choice and case vadeUce, ec pricIng chimney-pieces ol great beauty and deleance ot desg. ciscl 7 cheffonler, and oonsole tables, wash-stnd, and hall table tiop abs 3(5 feet ofmarble pavingforhail, conservatesy ,or ehuorh foeannl also various mnarble slabs, tshelves, ftc Tbovewreed toSa peevowa and eatalognes had atthe rooms; anid at the OfcSD oft She manesa S; Crooked-lme, London.beldge. Approved blls at t;wo masb ufl take_n, _ _ . _ b
