DEATHS. At Gowhatty, Assam, on the 20th Sept., aged 10 monthsr, nna Mu. raret Belen. the beloved and Only chld of Boyce Wilhlia orton, Rleut. 89th Benigal N. L, Azslst.COmnissfoner, Nowgocog, Aseam. On tho a d inut., aged 18, Mr. Thomas Draper, of 9, Oharles-Btroeet Oroevenor-squere. On tho 5th ist., at Patinm, aged 22 years and 10 months, Cetheag ne, the wife of S 89pw,th E.C. Tayler, Req., Civi Serric of i enyy Moroyd, Fq., birsertw, Calsutta, an aughtho On the 18th inst., at Glanogsrr Bridgend, Gninorgan, Annaa, Mardos the wie of the Rev. John Harding, rector of Cty a ec On the 19th Inst., in Oakley-place, Southoa. ,Hallb% In her SI Year, ElInabeth, auShter of the late JaeesTaylor, Psq On the 19th Inst.. at Park Cottg 0'eterhsm, gurrey, of InflammatiOn of the lunugs Emma Anne, the beloved wifea o t Wm.ghVyrof Req., second daughter of the late Alex. Loe Esq. of Werin. Nb2,. formerly of SJt. Ana's-hill. Wandaswirch, and many" Bern , oxxoath firm of Willams. 2it nt;o , and Co.,WdeW t Uaest ld qers one Os the sorrow to her siuddenly bereaved family and mnvn sincore friends. On the 20th Inst., Maris, widow of the late Mr. Francis iachoan, of ODtgeznt-wtret, Wesitmimter. In the 79th pear of her age. On the 20th tint., at hlsxealdenre, 88. ruod e Rochchounrt, Parfls deeply lamented. Ur. Robt. Mlddleton,. of the lirzn of Varral, Middle', tou, and Elwell, engineers, 2arls. On tte 21st last., et Oak Lodge, To8tezhdge, Hurey. riansl DMaeryJane Runtins;ten the elde&t andL beloved son of gfranola Lienry lunltlnge.on Be4., aged 16 years on the 21st Inst., at Montpelier, South Lambeth. Obarlotte, the ho. loved wife of Hfeonr Lovegrove, Req., deeply lamenated, aged 66. On the 22d lost., a, Burton HalL, CheshIre, Richard Congreve, Req. On the 22d Inst., at 89. Broad.green, Croydon, of apoplexy, Mr. FrcacI lierrington, In his 72d year. On the 22i lst., at Cheltenha, Captain Rdmunnd arrnlgton SmIth, last surlvinitg son ot Coloniel John Carrington SUmith, late of lit. ldgr~ gazet's, Cheltinbano. On the 225 lout.. In Soutbarapton.row, 'Rusell-eciuare, Jane, the widow ot the late F'rancIs Wad-rook. lf;q., and eldest danghter of the ate Adam Bhitleston, Esq., of Mdaryport, Cutmberland. On the 235 Inst., afterthreedays'lflnese, Mark Lookwood, Iraq., of Rleghhnry.place and Stationers'-haW.oount, in his 110th year. on the 23d Inot.. at Flrmouth, Algemnou Greille. REsq.. secord son o1 the lakte 'V!Ilian Fuske Grevile, Req., Captaina R.N., ageso 0. On the 23d lust., at his hence, Righ*sBtreet, Dept.:ord, Jam"e Preston, Reql., In the SItu Year OC bIs age. On the 215 inst., at Went House, Weist Mailing, iKent, Thomas Luck, Req., aged 93 On the 210 Inst.. at her resIdence, 3, Ellington-terrace, Hioloway, aced 79, Charlotte, relict of the late Lieut. Edward. Jackmnan Cavel On the 24th Inst., at Hastings, Florenoe Oatharlos, Infant daughter of Ur. W. 0. B. tiekly, of Lewxrham, aged nine months. On the 25th Inst. William Fredeiklasu tq,o t st Priory..Essex, deaaeasd,Rq. f . st on the 24th lest., In Upper Bedferd.plsce, John Samuel Glowland, Req., ot Cageebrook, Itceoreisrdhire, in thte 84th year ot hIs age. on the 24th Inst.. at Hoozghton Rectory, the resIdence of his sIster, Horatio Georse MacteSlt, Req., son of the late Francis Martetli REq.. of Spring Lodge, co. Kerry, la the 31th year or his age. On the 24th last., at his veeldence, No. I errac, St. Haller9s Sir Thomas Le Bieton, Chief MagisIrate of the Uslad of Jemey, aged 66. On the 25th Inst., at the realdenre of his niece 13., Hlolloearee, Cavendish.oqn%re, Oharles Craddoelk, RAq., of 6, Chaspet-place. on the 25thi iait.. at 1, Clarendon Villas. Rishxmond-road. Dalston, In her 49th year, 3arah, the beloved WIfe of Mr. Thomae Tamee; Bedding. On Wednesday. the, 25tha Inst., at Streatbam, Surry, Miss Mary Jane, Drew, seed 68, deeply lamented.
I RBAIL WAY AND MINING SHARBS. Wedneaday ESvening. The railway-market has again presented a stronger appearance, and in several descriptions a further advance has taken place; Caledonian, Eastern Counties, Midlaud, and York and North Midland were especially better. Sheffield, however, slightly receded. The steadiness of the fuands, combined with moderate bonO fide purchases, tends to create greater confidence, although the apprehension of unfavourable traffic returns and the anticipated difficulty of renewing debentures gradually falling due, except at a high rate of interest, exercise an opposite effect. One feature of the market is the demand that has sprung up for guaranteed and preference stocks since the decision in the case of the Great Northern Railway preference shareholders. Colonial descriptions continue firm, and East Indian and Grand Trunk of Canada have advanced i per cent, Foreign and Anerican securities sbow little alteration. Dutch-Rhenish and Lonxbardo-Venetian have, however, improved. Mines were generally flat. Joint-stock banks have been again in demand at higher rates; London and Westminster left off at 43 to 5; Union, 20 to 1iLondon Joint-Stock, 27i to 8i; and London and County, 28 to 9. In miscellaneous securities the only variation has been an advance in London General Omnibus and Peninsular and Oriental Steam. ORDINARY BII1AItES ANiD BToWRs
DESTRUCTION OF FARMPRODUCE.-A fire broke out in a stackyard at Newark, about mid-way between the church an I the Great Northern Railway Station, between 10 and 11 o'clock on the evening of the 18th inst. The militiamen in the town were called up by the sound of the bagle, and hundreds of people hurried to the spot, but, owing to the difficulty experienced from several causes in obtaining water, and the bursting of the hose of the fire-engine, it was not until the next morning that the flames were got under, and the engines had to play upon the emnbersthrougthout the following day. Fourteen grain and fodder stacks were either consumed, or rendered unfxt for consumption. The live stock were promptly rescued on the first alarm of fire by Mr. Shepherd, of the Newrk Arms, and a great deal of surrounding property was saved by the exertions of the firemen and their assistants. From the manner in whioh the fire commenced, and circumstances connected with its occurrence, it is believed to have been the work of an incendlary. CRYSTAL PAL&cB.-O.-: SHErrj,uo DAY, Wednesday, Nov. 25.-Admisslons on payment, 373; ditto by season tickets, 178; total visitors, 551.
RAIZWAY IrTRLLIrGZVo. LEEDS. 3RABDFOUD. AND EATIFAY .FThTeNr1rn-m The directors of this oompany state in their report wrhichi is to be submitted to the shareholders on the 27th inst. that they have pleasure In reporting the steady Inorease of trafflo. The quarter's receipts ending the 30th of September last show an increase of 1,100C. as compared with the corresponding quarter lest year. The directors recommend the paymnent of a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. per annunL leaving 76 to be added to the reserve fund. The capital account to the 30th of September last showed that 504,5341. had been received and 528,0571. expended, including 100,4361. expended on the Gildersome branch and 63,9471. on the Ardsloy branch, leang a balance of 23,5221. due to the bankers and others. The revenue account for the quarter ending September30 showed that 7,3261. had been received and 1,2831. expended, leaving 6,0431. applicable to dividend and interest. To this sum is added 1,7701., balance from last account, making 7,813. from which is deducted 1,9171 for Interest on loans, &c leaviog 5,8951. The proosed dividend on 18,000 origina Cildersome, and extension shares (181. paid) at 5 per cent will absorb 4,0501., and leave 1,845l. for the next account. RAILWAX HOSTILITIES AT eIANCEESTER. The disruption of the worcing agreements between the London and North-Western And Manchester and Sheffield Railway Companies threatens to involve legal and Parlia; mentary proceedings. Yesterday the London and NorthWestern Company placed a couple of city policemen at the junction of the South Junction and Altrincham Railway with their own to prevent passengers from getting out of the trains of the latter company on to the ondon-road station, under pain of prosecution. A lady travelling over the South Junction line yesterday morningto the London-road station, on alighting to cross the station and change carriages for Stookport, was stopped by these policemen and compelled to give her name and address before she could obtain egress from the South Junction terminus, and when she hat given her name and address she was informed that she would be prosecuted for trespass I The capital of the South Junction line is now held In equal portions by the Shefield and the North-Western Railway Companies. It is undertheir joint management each companysappointing three of their own directorg to the beard, and this hoard nominate one of the directors of each company alternately for a fortulght at a time to act as chairman.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~aratn""- About a fortnight ago 200 men removed the platform at the London-road, where passengers from Warrington, - triacham, and other places west of Manchester wore set down, and they have now formed a siding for empty cArri ages where it stood, on crossing which any passenger Is warnea that he will be prosecuted for trespass Their claim for doing this is founded on the belief that at the time of the construction of the South Jnnction and Altrinobam line the latter company neglected to get a formal transfer of the land at the point of junction from the London and North-Western Company. Upon this point application will be made to Parliament to define the rights of each company, and In the meantime proceedings are taking in Chancery to stay the obstruction. Aznother quarrel between the North-Western Company and the Sheffield Company arises out of the rights of the latter to a joint occupancy of the London-road station itself. The Londonroad station was originally built by the North-Westemn Company for the joint use of the two companies, and the Sheffield Company have used it for 17 years under an agreemient by which they were made tenants in perpetuity, the agreement being binding by Parliamentary powers. In all expenses since the Sheffield were made joint tenants for Alterations of the station the latter havo joined. But a few years back a working agreement was made between the two companies, by whic,h for the sake of economy, the traffic of the station was worked by the North-Western Company, the latter eompany appointing the booking-clerks, prters, and other servants. This agreement was made ouly from year to year, and terminable by either company upon three months' notice. The arrangement was made in 1854, and in June, 1857, when the rupture occnrred between the two companies, and the Sheffield, in conjunction with the Great Northern, commenced a competition for the London and Manchester traffic, notice was given to the NorthWestern for the termination of the joint working of the station at the end of three months. In fact, the Sheffield Company claim to be placed in their former position as joint tenants of the station. This the North-Western Company havo hitherto refused, and on this ground as welU as on the rights of the South Junction Line proceedings are being taken m equity until Parliament can be appealed to to define the rights of each company in the station. TRAFFIC RETURNS. MUn Pa- Mer- TotA, Total. Raiway Open, sanger chandise. 1857. 1i56. Weekandlnu Nor. 14. Aurnbtcghand Glasgow -- 142 . - 62 6678 ScOWah North-EAgtern -. 115 .. - ., -1.. 3,432 3,237 Week ending Nov. 15. Great N orthevu . . 5 4 - * . 21,453 53.fSi Worthevyon. 3 .8 233 - - - 310 365 North Staffordshfre* -. 233 .- -- 836-. SW ,720 Week ending Nov. 18. Belgian asekern Junctiou 268 -. - .. _ .. 418 831 WeeS- ending Nor. 21. elfast and BaO4mens - - 65 - .. 0 - ..- ies .. 1,125 Corkant Bandon 26 -e 5 - -- 1 - 2 s eork,lavrak,aD awa _ - 91{ l251 bds DoI-.. - - 2 , 3 . 43 Mourtherd .oreot.- *- - - 5.s13 ,, 6 i68 Waterfoed and kenny. *' 52-2 '- . - - 1551g *. 251 Wefte ending Norv. *2 BeIat and County Down *- - * - .. 237 . 9 52 eter and oly.eadt . - .. - . 5 - .. 283 .. 5146 Great VWesternL2,3 2,0 LondonandWorth-WeateLIM e -- 4' LUndon andBouth-Wstern - ,129, 37.O 12,839 . *,u53 uatcheoter, Slheffield, and I4neonahte5 - - -1731 ..-- .9,178 --9.525 85. Helen's aa n RsLIlway - - . -. .-1735 I .WO) Teabove Is excluslveofi trailo au unde agreone.nt with thee London and North-Western RailwayCmpu' Incudig te arnngsof hestembotsand of the Mold and I Ths rtur dos nt Ieloe te talS ofthe Hunddersfield Oanal, sops2hl2ro UnionPreston anD1 Wyre. South Junction, and Manchto s,s Including balltotShe dManchester South Jiiceinand rwsAltalahin rocipe,p Grimaby Drock duties, aa., arsd CJheteorfield Canal reepts.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIfES. Sir, -In your Money Article of Monday last you speak of the satisfactory conclusion of the Great Northern preference shareholders case having been brought about by the exertions of a few persons. I believe it would be more correot to say that it was owing to the exertions of one man alone that the resistance to the directozs and their proposed injustice was first set on foot, and eventually, after many difflicultles, brought to a terminAtion which not only secured their rights to the Great Northern preference shareholders but also placed preference shares generally on a sounder and more advantageous basis than they were previously coneeived to rest on. This one man was Mr. Charles Williams. I have the honurw to be, Sir, your obedient servant. A r iX;ffia±C SaAREHOLDER. Nov. 25.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Bir,-The grievousdestructionto which Lieutenant Salkeld nd his gaUaant comrades were recently exposed in the performance of their hazardous dutv at Delhi has revived in Iymind the strong feeling I have long entertained that there is nowadays a sad neglect of ordinary precaution iu such cases The stout rope mat which forms an efficient screen to the Rusian artillerymen while serving their gun, impervious to the MIinle ball, which lodges harmlessly in its rough and rugged surface, may surely suggest to our engineers the expediency of some effort to shield the valu. aole lives of our men when exposed to the enemy's fire. In ancient warfare all nations appear to have defended tbemselves from the deadly arrow by shields, and why the principle of the testudo should be ignored in modern times is not obvlous. Take the instance before us-Lieutenant Salkeld and a few others undertake the important, but most perilous duty of blowing in the Cashmere-gate by bags of gunpowder, in broad daylight, and in the face of numerous foes, whose concentrated fire threatens the whole party with certain death. It is accomplished, but at what a loss ! Marvellous indeed was it that one escaped. Now, as a plain man, without any scientific Dretensions, I ask, could not, and might not, some kind of defensive screen have been furnished for the protection of these few devoted men? Suppose a light car; or truck on three wheels, havin. a semi-circular framework in front, against which might be lashed a rope matting, and inside a sufficient number ol sacks of wool or hay, propelled by means of a central crossbar pushed against by four men within the semi-circle, the engineers cpuld advance, and on reaching the gate perform their work through a central orifice in the outer matting, made to open like a flap. The party would then retire in a similar manner, merely reversing the mode of propulsion, until the danger was past. It is much easier to sketch the thing proposed than to describe it, Lut 1 submit that had some such simple contrivance (easily effected on the spot) been ado pted the other day at Delhi, weshould not now have to deplore the loss of those brave men who could il he spared from the small attacking force, and who might have lived to receive the reward of their gallantry. Yonr ohodIrn,* en CIVILIAN. UI1e1tenham,,Nov. 23.
THE BANKs LN THE ISLE OF MIAN.-We have already announced that Mr. J. S. Jackson, the manager of the Bank of Mona, returned to the Isle of Sian on Thursday. Immediately on his arrival In Donglas Ar. Jackson convened a meeting of the depositors, when he laid before them a report of the result of his visit to Glasgow and London. He stated that Messrs. Prescott, Grote, and Co. had agreed to advance 20,0001. on the credit of the City of Glasgow Bank, with Mr. Jackson's personal security to cover all the draughts and debts connected with the Bank of Mona. In order, also, to eaable the trade of the island to go on, Messrs. Prescott, Grote, and Co. have authorized Mr. Jacksoa to reeommence buAsiness, acting as their agent during the temporary suspension of the City of Glasgow Bank, and allowing him to draw on them to the extent of 30,0001 Mr. W. F. Moore ocoapied the chair at the meeting, and the statement made by Ur. Jackson appeared to give the greatest satisfaction, as testified by the following resolution, which was passed unanimously gTst thia meeting, havien heard ?lfr. Jac9son's report of his proceedngs In Ljondon. neg to tender their n nre,e th..ke ta Me.srs. rescott, Grate, and aO. for their noble and disinterested conduct in assisting the senneross ot the Bank ot Mona anad thR island at large Cinthe monetary difficulty that h5n resulted from the ttopp&ge of the The following resolution was also passed with much enthu- *That this meeting beg also to express thelr warm thanks to Mr. Jerkeon for the judicious arrantgemenri mI.e with fessrs Pr"scott Grote, and Co.. aud for his handnome snd dlsnuterested coniuct 1I asmiesneg personal reponeilslittv to enable hlim to relisve the island in Its present monetar= difaiculty." Mr. Jackson will meet the shareholders, noteholders, and depositors in the different towns in the island within the next day or two. It is anticipated that arrangements will be made inusnediAtely for resumin-g the usual business of the bank.-Lircrpool lfcrcury.
THE AFPMRS OF MESSRs. J. B. DE WOLFE AND C0., Or LIvABPOOL. -1 - LIVERPOOL, Nov. 24. Att a meetinig of the creditors of John S. de Wolfe and Co., ipowners, of Liverpool, held at the office of Mr. Chi5mer, accountant, in this toWnl, on the *7th inst., Mfr. Nicholson, of Nioholson and WFhitte, in the chafr, a statemnent of al6irs was produced, of which the followin ls a. Borough Bank t..... .4u Lest securitIesi..... .:64.6s3 .~~~~~~~~~~25.9 Lees isecuritiesl...........*-3CS Bills receivable.- 7 t6M7 Estimated claims.S*- l' Sundry creditors. . Total 133,56T Creditonr under £2 . .393 Saarines.150 Expense oif widin&g-up. 40 Per contra £194,994 Ouh . . . . . . . . 496 ................ *~~~~00 Glood debts.-- Loss contingencies 3,3 Doubtful .. -8 3,127 Bad debts.19,646 ships not mortgage .96. Charters. .. .. .. .. Proceeds of cargoes ...55 3: :: :. 8c Avernge icses recoverable .0 Iiett eatimated raount of freights on eight ships .17 Deduct per contra I ldeiiency. . .. ,166 The e iht ships mentioned above were mortgaged to th' Liverpoo Borough Bnk, but byspecial agreement it was arranged that they should be kept in Mr. de Wolfe's name, he receiving the freights clear, paying all charges. A fter some discussion a proposal wras muade of ls. in ther pou2nd payable in six months, and is. in the pou;nd payibla.
TR4Do REPORT. Wes idn mrke moe i *Wednesdy Evening. SUGABO.-There i6 morelin lr an privately in the WestIndi martot622 t%n& %vebeen disposed of._ Although * portion of the sugar put up at auction wastake. in, it was asu abseqaently sold. The following are the - tionlars :-Havaunah, 1,575 boxes-brown, 34s. to 36s4low1 to good g1lUow, 37s. 6d. to 41s m,4s d Cabinms. covado, u7 hhds.and 70 boxes- ilig elowt3g t.o 39s. Privately somae transactions have taken place in Havannahi, Madras, and MAuuitius. Core=-134 casks and 34 bags plantation Ceylon sold atF cheaper rates-fine fine ordinary to low middling, 57s. 6L toC 60s.; an.d!peberry, 693. to 72s. per cwt. RicE .ome moderate ales are reported to have been made privately in yellow rice. SA LTr Lrc-nt bags BenDgal have been sold privately atg. 39g. for 3,1 per cent, refraction. INDIGO.-The transactions continue extremely limited and the value can only nominally be quoted at 4d. to 6d.. per lb. below the October sales for all qualities. The dearness of money interfering with the usual current of business, the recent deliveries have been comparatively small. RnL-Market quite inactive,-East Inda4, is. lod.; Leewards, 2s.; Demerarv, 2s. 3d. per proof gallon. OLLs.-There have scarcely been any tranpactions 'u cocoanut oil, and the nominal quotations are431.for Celon,. and 461. for Cochin. Gingelly and groundnut are dull, at 411. for Madras, and 38. per ton for Bombay. SAFFLOWER.-The market has further declined 20s., and the business is confined to very trifling sales. The position, of the demand and supply Is, however, such u to encoura-e the hope that At no distant period an improvement will tEa Sam&c.-Inverylittle demand, and the value hasfurther fallen 10s. or 15s.; quotations almost nominal-viz., D C., 85s.; 2d orange, 70s. to 75s.; liver, good, 60s. to 65s.- ordinary native, 50s. to 53s.; garnet, fine, 80s. to 88s. ordinary to good, 60s. to 75s.; button, good and fine, 60s. to S0s.; ordinary and middling, 35s. to 60s. TutRxRxc ig again much lowser, Madras and HMlabar having been sold at 14s. to 14s. 6d. per cwt., which woulc make the real value of Bengal 15s. to 20s., although quoted. nominally much higher. CuTcr.-Ont of demand. Sound nominally worth 55s. CocEIIAL.-Rather lower. East India sorts, -good, 4s.- middling, 3s. 10d; and low middling, 3s. Gd. to 3s. 9d.. per lb. JuvTn-Out of demand; quoted 141. to 201. per ton. Accounts of the new crop being very favourable, there is at present no fear of short supplies. TiLow.-The market is quiet to-day; 49s, is accepted forall the year, 49s. 6d. on the spot, 50s. for January to March,. and 1Bs. for March only.
THB CORN TPADB. OORN-Ex IANAE, BURK-LA? WZN VMfAVY. V- es emi w ,r la Sotb nd Irish Oats.- Forig :tPules ar=ie ryeveyliie of al ecitions, anIeyltl alyadwet andno ala f onteariasrIniay W .ie f mrcn TndoodatLI Afotnathoance 01 shIort sapie and mtgt of,e ,sd whuntr maskea beng mewhaCt dearr, rthe wheat tra e.h1hIed better barrels,27 Bean as on MfondaLy. Peas rather th;eapt,. India o3rn The market LIEDS. Nov. 24. Themarkethasumed a more healthy appehuance to-dy, anD( botb wheat and barley of goom quallty readily rommand the full priert. of let T-ueEday. No alteration in the vaue of oats and beans. ARIIVAI.S hbI'C: TliTS - - SHEV71MTLD, Nov. 24. At to-day's market Yery little busiuses warn dolng in grain, owing to t,he aual fair being held. A few lots changed hand at about Xut week's rttes. Millers reduced the price of flour Id. per atoe,s SprtnC corn nominally as before, The current quotatious are :-NoW whea% white Ws 6d to 2S5. per load of three impertal bushel.; red, lie, t 22s,; V,eac,, its, to 21's.; peas, its. to 21e. ; ginding barley, 32s. to 37i~. per quarter ; malting. barley, 40s. to 44a.; old oat4s, 30s. to 35o .; new, 25e 6D. to d3. ; Inalan corD, 42a. to453. perl3t,4ib.; flour,s 9d., le. lid., and 2-. ld. ler stone. The cattle trade wao heavy to-day. Ziflreh cows made from ;£18 to £22;barren beast, £12 to £16; smsal t s-re pigs, 10a. to lle.;large rigs 30e, to 3Ie. : porkera, to. 3d. to to. 6d, per sdone. At the November fair to-day there was only a moderate show of horses, and but very few animals ef any value. The cheese fair wa Iargely supplied with excellent quAlities or vasious dairies, The best thick Cheshire sold at from its to 75s. Per cwt, widie the infeior the cheee realized t6e, to 65s. per osvt, At Rtotherham fat cattle mnarket yesterday there was a fair ehow of stock, but trade was not very active at lat week's rates. Beef, 7is 63 to Uo 2d. per stone; muttton, 7d. per lb. HlOLL. Nov. 24. Arrivals of graLn oDntinue libemral hut m now be exp4-ted to fal off materialy, as only few t-vanatios have taken plase with the Odatinent of Ilae, and prices in this country afford no inducement to sblrgm n thbLs counttrr to coosign. The latest advimss frot th notea atc ports In matein early closing of the navigation. The quetattona from Frasoe are too high tonadmi 3 of profiteble bustines bThe wbeat trae in the early Pst of the week," says Binney Siad Oo.' circular, u coutined in the same dul and unsatiseactory tstae we notlced in outr Ilt, prites daily drooping Without leading to any increase of bugineess; but withini the lagt few dare a better feeluac L% apperent, buy?ers come forward, and sales have been made to a fair etent at last week's currency. The Paulo' in grain may be said to sbeer,dly t f s uture ptospects decidedly snore cheering. The incesa e in te vlueof ousyhasso esticte opratousthat arrivals for anme, lime toon canota tbe so. groa-.e5t as to caereay furtber nunat iral do.- rexpion, and the fritish grower will a ow haveran ODprtnnity or Ie bringen forwad his pr aoducte aprirrche and demadar bntWsot bon; bectd3. to6d sompetton with a suoerabundaneenof foreign imports, Ate oay' maoon6det. thleredwa a small d iupplyof EngUis wheatowhioeb lae.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~e The following are the curret quotntlons :-Englieh whest, Oil white. 52%. to) 16&.: old red, 50s. to 54s.; sew white, 5Le to Ste.: ussrred, 45s. tO 491,; Dant7ie Konigsberg, e,& 5ie, to 56~,%; Doich and Belgian, 52o, to 53A.; Baltic and Ham ourg,' 495, to 5ts,: Danieh and HEolstein, 47e, to 48s.; Pet~resmrg aLnd Rims 45s. to 4Se; Enrlish maltlog barler, Ste. to 40e. ; grinding, 3SOs, to 34s. : Saal and (5-erbruicb, Its,to So,;~oltei andDaneb.30s,to So,grinding. iS,e to 3*3,; Eagiaboat, od, ts,to 0s. ne, u, t rt,'foreign, 1Ad, to 13id., per tone Enlishbeas, 4s. t at, pe qurter: new, 40s, to 42s.; fo~igu le. o 4s. Enlis pas,44s t 41,;foreign breakers 43*,, loet,;rldi~gIsoto4t.; Eglis ne tars, 40.t44s.; foreign crining,Its,to Io; lnsee cak iffll).£9 's. lo£1 per tm;, ENTOCASTLI; Nov. '24. Art to-ays arket the trade in wheat was snmnewhit brisker, an I riehaanupward tendency. O ther grain wittnoat m.uc alteraAt the cattle-market to-day there was more aotivity In the trade. sud beef advanced 3d. per stose. Mduttonm Met A slow rae At formnerrates rig trade Improved at fall rates, Beef, to. to So Par stonte pork, is, to 5s. 4d, ; mutton, 5id. to tld. Dar lb. GAINSBUROJGIIj, Nor. 24. At thtsmrmtug's metet a, sll.h trarrovemeot In the tone of the wbeat trade was perceptible. In other kinds of grain bostueM ODntinues dull and ri no unLaltered. Wheat. tOt, to 440, p-er quirtoer; fine, 46a. to5fts. ; barley, S0s, toNsi. ; fiue, 3ie. BOL,TON, ',or 23. There Is not ritch business pasring, and the tendency of1 priose geaeraly In still downxward. ROCHIDALE, Nov. 23. Hlere to-day a fair trade wa. do-.o at sbtout former rateS, With ttet exception of those for flour, whiolh are reduced s. DUBLIN. Nov 24. We had rather a steadier meseket At our corn.oxcbange to-day~ Wheat sud harley moved off At About tbe- currencies or F'riday. but oats must be noted Id. to 6d. cheaper. Indian corn, evren in vet%1I, is is to 2s lowrer, and a eosnederable reduction would be sabmiftted to in ossea rAcdvertisomentjt.-Books on India.-Now ready-i india," by 1. H. St<vqueler (proa 1e ad.. boardsl * her Government Peoplc, Physrial ogtutrca, Climate. Regulation, for AdmiBsion to the 1' dian Serisze Guide to Psteengers to India, together with a eom. plete Hisory of the Stuntir, and Suggestions for the future Adintui Ftratio: of tho Coutntry *nd the Settlement ot Lnso=p_ ComVds> tV Tvery informstlon th%t aU reqtlbr to know." 2. "Ltzknow and Oude Kiogdom :" the Pri-vte LItf of an E3Fter ting, with eighir iiustrtiloneb yHarri3oz oeir. Ptiee2s., board "Thedesrziption. of Lzcknow and otber p?sces wlU be read with great interest at the Frerent time. whUe tUe Uglimnes that thi; work afforde of the Inner ife of the native pninees mlt aRdd mlatertlely to itsvalue."-Heral45 S. istory ot rndia "by Cbarlea M'Farlarie * to which is aded a, chapter bringing it down to the Fall of Delh * with eight illustra. tions a'd a new rat. Price 6s., cloth git. London, George Routiedgo and Co., Farrigdon-stzoot.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. fRt&CE. (A portion of the following appeared in our second lation of vesterdafv -1 t(POM OUP- OWN CORYMPONDPWTA PARIS, TUESDAY, Nov. 24, 6 P.M. AXecree in this dey's Monste6u, appoints M. Dupin 1'rocureur-General to the Cour, of Cassation, in place of MI. de Royer, Minister of Justice. There Mad been a rumour for some days previous that such a nomination was extremely probable, but many anmong thoze who are least friendly to him, and who know him best, refused to believe it. It is not because the world is unaccustomed to acts of apostacy that they persisted in their incredulity. They have feen Legitimists, Orleanists, and Republicaus -rallying to the Imperial Government, but it 'vas either because they who did so had lost all hape of the restoration of the cause for which they once contended, or because they -could not resign themziselves, in the full vigour of mental and bodily health, to a life of inglorious ease; or, as is often the case, because "their poverty, and not their will, consented." M. Dupin can bring forward no such plea for what he has done, If his new-born sympathies for the Imperial ';overnment were so violent, or his ardour to serve &is country so feverish, as to disturb his repose, he -might have proffered his counsels on those critical occasions wben a patriot disregards party and only -thinks of his country; but M. Dupin could not accept place and emolument under the Government which confiscated the property of those whome con,11dential friend and adviser he was without incurring, as a public man, the contempt of upright men of all parties. As it is, it maybe doubted whether the opinion expressed by his ancient friends is stronger than that felt by his new allies, whose wages he has taken, and whose livery he must in future wear. One can picture to himself the quiet sarcasm of the Emperor Xapoleon on learning that Mf. Dupin, so loud in his denunciation of the coniiscation decree, had accepted the same place which he held 20 years ago, and the sardonic smile with 'which hetwirled his moustache, and, in reply to some remark of the facetious veteran who, by a legitimate title, enjoys his lighter confidence, said, "C'est 6trah ye!" It aggravates thin flagrant renunciation of aU which he, at least, should hold -dear, that M. Dupin chose for its consummation all lut the very day on which a heavy affliction was bowing to the earth those whose feelings he should have respected. On Saturday last a religious cereanony was performed in honour of the Duchess de 29emours, whose sudden and premature death drew sympathies and regrets from those to whom Orleanism and its partisans are alike indifferent; and M. Dupin probably went from the Chapel of St. Ferdinand, the spot where the son of his old friend and master perished prematurely, to announce his readiness to enter on his new servitude. I have zaid that none of the causes which might palliate such an act in others could actuate M. Dupin. He is not in the prime of manhood, nor under the ex'citement of that passion of naoble minds, ambition; nor is he forced by indigence to what his soul abhors. M. Dupin is 75 years old, and cannot hope to add much more to the sort of reputation he bas already acquired in the office which the Miaister, with averted face, has flung at him, perhaps to silence or to anticipate his importunities. M. Dupin has a large private fortune, he has no family to provide for, and the period of his life is one at which peoplethinkof retiring from ratherthan recomimencing a career. We may yet find him pitched into the Senate. Strange how some political men love to dishonour themselves for no other reason 'than the mere honour of the thing I I am Informed that the last despatches received by -the French Government from China announce that the Court of Pekin will not give any satisfaction for the murder of the French missionary, Chapdeleine; and that, moreover, it had given the strictest orders against the Catholics. It was feared that a religlous persecution would be recomrnenced. The last accounts received from Constantinople by the ordinary mail are to the 14th inst. They -announce that the reconciliation between M. de Thouvenel and Redschid Pasha had not yet taken place. Telegraphic despatches of a more recent date announce that the endeavours made to effect a xeconciliation between these eminent persons were following their course. The French Government has received despatches announcing that Baron Pichon, appointed -Charg6 d'Affaires to the Court of Persia, had arrlved at Erzeroum on the 7th November, on his way to Teheran. The accounts from the maritime provinces of Persia are mnfavourable. The troops of Fezlali Khani had had a warm engagement with the Turcomans. A rebel chief named Seramak, remarkable for his numerous depredations, was killed in this affair. The following private telegrams have been received BERNE, Nov. 23. "The Federal Council has addressed a fresh note to the Government of Baden egainst the illicit recruiting of Swiss cItizens for the servico of Holland and Naples. It demands, moreover, the suppression of the recruiting offices at Con. stance and Lorrach." MADRID, Nov. 23. The price of wheat has experienced a remarkable decline." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at gOf. 75c. ; Orleans Railway shares, 1,272E. 50c.; Great Northern,875f.; Strasburg, 625f.; Paris to Lyons and the M11editerranean, 817f. 50c.; Western of France, 627f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 520f. ; Great Central of France, 600EF.; Lyons and Geneva, 586f. 25c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 745f. ; Austrian Railways, 655f. ; Roman Railways, 485f. ; Russian Railways, 490f. Cours Asuhenciqslc.-PAsis, November 24.-Cash Prices. - Four-and-a-Half per cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 1f. 75c.; Three per Cents., 66f. 90c. 85c. 90c. 953.; l3ank of France, 2,950f. 2,970f. 3,000f, ; ditto (550f. paid), 2,950f. 2,970f. 3,000f.; Credit Foncer. 522f. 60c. 525f. ditto Obligations of 500f., Your per Conta., 422f. S0s.; ditto, Tentiss, Four per Cents., 87f. 50c. 90f.; ditto, Tenths, Three por Cenlts., SD£.; Credit Mohiller, 737f. 30c. 740f. 742f. 50c. 745f. 747f. 50c. ; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 87f. 50c. 88f. ; ditto, Three per Cents., 53f.: Austrian Five per Cents., 8s. 88; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cens., Q . ; Rento do Naples (lRothschild), 113; Romane, 80i; Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 25; ditto, Three por -Cents., Exterior, 401. Exchange on London, at sight, pa;cer. 2Sf. 45c.; monoy, 25f. 40c.; three months, paper, 24f. 80c.; noney, 24f. 7ec. BELGIUIM. The Belgian MAonitenr puolishes the manifesto of the now Ministry, in the shape of a circular from the Minister of the Interior, addressed to the governors of provinces. In it the Cabinet makes kcnown its origin, the motives which have induced it to dissolve the Chamber, its aim and tendencies-in a word, its polltical programme. It is as follows:- "Brissel,s Nov. 23. "Monsieur le Gouverneur,-You have learnt ,,y the offioial journal the Royal docrse pronsouncing the dissolution of the Chamber of Representatives, and convoking the electors for theo 10th of December next. I entertain no doubt that you have taken the necessary steps for having all the preparatory measures prescribed by law regularly carried out. " The motives which have decided His Majesty in thes0 *orcumstances to make use of his oonstitutional prerogative are explained by the facts themsel-vss. The Cabinet to which we succeed found it necessary to resign, in spite of the nunmerical majority which supported It in the Chamber; and still less could a new Ministry, issuing from the ranks Of the Opposition, expect in its course of government a support from that assembly. The Cabinet, therefore, which withdrewr had pointed out to Its successot6 the only course that it ought to pursue, since the retiremenrt of that MiDistry would be inexplicable If it did not mean that, even in its opinion, the Parliamentary majo. rity was no longer in conformity with the views of the majority of the electors. Such is alBO our own conviotion, and the appeal to the electoral body wvas, oonsequently, indispensable to re-establish that accord without which the representativo government would lose all its force and all Its reality. " In this country, where the duration of the Parliamentary mandate is very limited, extraordinary meetings of the electoral body have never taken place nnless In cases of Imperious necessity. At the present titus circumstances have necesstated an appeal to the electors. This asot, moreover, is only the exercise of a right reserved to the (Drown, at the same time that it is a homage paid to public Opinion. "The convoation of the electors at this particular season has been caled inopportune. But the Cabinet could only take the situation such as their predecesors had made it, and as they transmitted it on the eve of the meeting of the Chambers. The period of the. dissolution ha not, therefore, been of our choice. However that may be, the electors, we doubt not, will ful their mission with the dovizion and the zeal of men who Imow all the value of their rigbt8; and who, from an experience of 27 years, ara skilled in the practices of the representative government Their patriotism will acquire fresh energy from circamstances, and their intelligence will readily comprehend the importance of the great disonssion which has commenced. "This discussion is not new in the history of nations, nor peculiar to Belgium; the presentation and the discussion of the Charitable Institntions Bill have shown with us the character and bearing of it In a more striking manner than ever. " The policy which the Cabinet represents is well known to the coiuntry, which has seen It at work under cironmstances of great difficulty both as regards domestic and foreign affaira. Taking It in a general point of view, it is a thoroughly national policy, one of Conservatism and of order, and which pursues progress with perseverance and constancy. It is a policy which is attentive to the moral and material wants of the people, leaving to initiative its free impulse, and which strengthens all the elements of public prosperity. This policy has eor its mission to preserve one of the constitutional bases of Governments and of modern society-the integrity of the rIghts of the State and the independence of the civil power. This is now one of the first duties of the Government, and rendered still more pressing by the recent discussions which have so warmly excited the country. " The system which It adopts exposes, we know, the Cabinet to acousations which its adversaries brought forward with unexampled violence almost before itwas formed. They falsely represent that religion Is in periL But it is their policy, and not ours, which places it in daDger. The separation between public worsnip and the State is one of the bases of our wise constitution, and this basis ought to be maintained. Religion has already been too much compromised by the contact of passions, and for the advantage of personal ambition. It is not adapted for being mixed up in the conflicts of parties, and it is time for it to be restored to its pacific domain, in order to obtain the rospect of all. I It now belongs to the electoral body to decide if the ideas which the Cabinet entertains respond to the wishes and wants of the country. The more the support of the electors niay be general and manifest, the more eAiicaciously can the Cabinet fulfil its task; and the more, also, will the Government be guaranteed against the crises which embarrass its march and enervate its action, to the detriment of security and public prosperity. Endeavour, M. le Gouverneur, in your relations with the people, to enlighten them as to our intentions, and to correct the false appreciations of which those intentions may be the object. Repel, in particular, the allegations of those who, after having 1 csused the existing situation and by their exaggerated exigences and their imprudent acts plunged the country into perturbation, endeavour to calumniate our origin, our object, and the country itself. Our origin is perfectly regular and constitutional. The present Cabinet emanates from the Royal prerogative acting at full liberty. Oar object is to reassure the public conscience and interest against the intolerant doctrines and pretensions of another age, which were lately condemned in the tribune by the chief of the preceding Cabinet himself. As to the country, whioh is perfidiously represented as a prey to disorder, to riots, and to revolutionary agitation, and on which our adversaries have not feared to call down the distrust and the animadversion of foreign Governments, it will know how, by its wise and patriotic attitude, by its firmness and prudence, to confound its detractors, to respond becomingly to the appeal of its Icing, and to gain new titles to the esteem of Europe. "CH ARLES ROGIER." AUSTRIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRBPoND2rZT.) VIENNA, Nov. 22. The Mayence papers contain detailed accounts of the terrible misfortune which happened there on the 18th inst. The explosion took place in a laboratory, which was situate on the Courtine, between the Bonifacius and Alexander Bastions, about 100 paces to the right of the Gau-gate. It was at first believed that there was no one in the Martin's Thurm at five minutes past 3 in the afternoon, the time at which the explosion occurred; but it is now known that workmen were actuaUy employed in conveying powder from the " Thurm, " or tower, to other magazines. 600 barrels, each of which contained a hundredweight of powder, had been removed before the accident happened, but there were between 150 and 200 barrels still in the laboratory when the explosion took place. The explosion, which was distinctly heard at Wiesbaden and Frankfort, was so violent, that stones weighing three and even four hundredweight were carried through the air to an enormous distance. The destruction of life and property was fearful. The Kastreich, which was inhabited by the poorer classes, is totally destroyed, as is also the upper part of Gau-street. The roof, windows, and organ of St. Stephen's Church were battered to pieces by the falling stones, and some of the bridges across the moat were broken down. A great number of houses fell in, and buried their inhabitants in their ruins. As you have already been informed, about 500 persons were more or less severely wounded, and 30 killed. A building at some distance from the laboratory, which was some- times used as a hospital, was literally blown away., Fortunately, there were no patients, but a bale of rugs, which was lying in it, was carrled 150 paces through the air, and deposited on one of the inner walls of the fortress. The garrison, a part of which was exercising in the dry moat, suffered a heavy loss. Maany hundreds of persons were left without a roof to their heads, but the federal authorities lost no time in going to their assistance. The Turkish Ambassador hat explained to the Vienna diplomatists that his Government does not at present think of sending troops into the Principalities. The concentration of troops on the frontiers is a measure of precaution, it being mnown to the Porte that revolutionary agents are endeavouring to excite the Greek Christians in the provinces lying on the right bank of the Danube to rebellion. The I garrisons in several of the larger provincial towns have been considerably strengthened, and a co'ps a'arnne is to be placed at Monastir, in Macedonia. According to private letters from Alexandria, the precautions taken at Aden have been redoubled. No one is allowed to pass through the streets after dark without a lantern. The of}icers are obliged to be at home at a certain hour, and must exchange the " parole" with the sentries as they pass the corners of the streets. At night no one is allowed to go from the city to Steam Point, where the Govurnors house Is situate and the steamers lie. The garrison of Aden is small, but the fortifications are so strong that it could easily defend itself against the Arabs, who of course have no artillery to bring against it. We have received no confirmation of the news brought by the FPays, that the Persian Government has accepted the assistance of the Russians against the Turcomans. That the Turcomans have again beaten the Persians is a positive fact. Preparations are being made for the reception of a guest in the Imperial Palace in this city, and the person expected is said to be the Duke of Calabria, the Crown Prince of Naples. Orders have been issued by the Supreme " Commando" of the armay that no more " remounts" are to be purchased. That amiable and interesting personage, Rosza Sandor, the Hungarian bandit, is about to secede from the Protestant Church and to embrace the Roman Catholic faith. NAPLES. (FROMI OUR OWN COcExSONDENT.) NAPLES, Nov. 17. A good deal of curiosity was excited by the dismissal from his office, on the 13th of November, of De Falco, the chief custode of the Vicaaia The order was sent from Gaeta by telegraph, and some people are disposed to regard it as the beginning of a system of drawing out of the difficulties created by the treatment of the English engineers. " It was De Falco's fault; we poor innocents know nothing of the matter." I think, however, that such an opinion is decidedly erroneous, and that even the N0eapolitan Government would not resort to so barefaced a subterfuge, seeing that the refusal to permit the British Acting Consul to have an interview with the prisoners was signed by the Minister for Foreign Affairs himself. I told you in my last that the Grand Criminal Court of Salerno (not of Palermo, as it was recently misstated) was considering the atto di accusa of the Attorney-General, and some people are of opinion that the Judges will be directed to come to the conclusion that there is no ground for procedure against the engineers. The captain of the Cagliari is not permitted again to receive his advocate, though he has already seen him twice. The prohibition comes from special authority. As to the other prisoners, they have never been permitted to see any counsel, and how their defence is to be conducted God only knows. I understand that the cause to decide whether the Cagliari is to be regarded as Itona n-reda or not is to come on on the 28th inst. It will be tried by commission, and one of that commission has said, 'There can be no hesitation in saying that it is not a buona preda, but as our orders are we must decide." The cause, from what I hear, will not be defended. Abouxt two months since there arrived in the Custom-honse a large packet of books for the use of the Royal Government. The packet was withdrawna fr(,m the Custom-house and consigned very carefully to the care of the police, in whose hands it has remained ever since. It contained, I am informed, 6,U00 copies of an answer, whiclh was printed in France, to the documents presented by Lord Palmerston to the British Parliament on Neapolitan affairs. Two-thirds of the book consist of the documents, and the rest is a criticism on the English Govemrnent, buit in a style calculated to excite only laughter. Within the last few days the authorities had begun to distribute them, and many copies, it is said, have been sent out of the country. The railways, by a Royal decree publishcd in the journal of. the 11th inst., are now to be utilized for the conveyance of letters. Better. late,thaunever, but it is a, pity that for .20 years they,havle never been turned to such a purpose. The object of Government in introducing this change is regarded with suspicion by many, as though it were only carrying out espionage on a larger scale, and taking means for putting a stop to that secret correspondence which is nosy carried on through the medium of private messengers. " Four couriers and two supplanti," says the decree, "are to be appointed, whose duty it will be to receive and condign the bags at the differenLt stations," and for the discharge of this responsible office the former are to receive each 8 ducats, or 11. 10oS. a-month, and the latter 4 ducats, or 1bs. a-month. Of course "lucri" must be found in some way or other, or how can the men live ? The interpretation which has been put upon this new measure of Government is only a proof of the utter want of faith on the part of the people in any desire in the authorities to improve the state of things here. To hold one's own is considered the sole principle of conduct here; and even if the impression be false, ther must be some deeply seated cause for it. The Centaur, Captain Clifford, left on Sunday last for Palermo; it is thought probable that she will be replaced by the vulture. Five per Cents, 114i. Exchange on London, 546. SPAIN. The Madrid journals of the 20th announce that the confinement of the Queen was expected almost every hour, and that the customary prayers for Hler Majesty had begun to be offered up in the churches. They add, that if the child born be a Prince he is to receive the name of Francisco de Assis-if a Princess, that of Purishna Concepcion (Most Pure Conception). Several persons had gone to the Bank to get notes changed, but the opening of a special office for their payment had restored public confidence. In the provinces speculators were endeavouring to obtain specie, which is stated to be abundant, for exportation; but it is aunounced that the Government was taking measures to prevent them. A Royal order in the Gazette directs that the sale of communal prcperty shall be suspended until the Cortes can decide on the matter. The levying of the provincial miltia was being effected quietly. It was reported that the Government had sent orders to General Concha, Captain-General of Cuba, to organize a body of infantry, with the necessary artillery, in order to be ready at a short notice to commence hostilities against Mexico, in the event of the present negotiations failing.
IN RE EDWARD HORACE MONTBFIORE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Ou.r attentiorn having been called to the evidence of Mr. Devereux in this case, reported in the London journals o Iyetedy, who states that jewels depositcd with hira by th nslet, valued at 6501., were disposed of to "Mr. Emanuel, of Portsea," for 701. or 741., we beg to say that we are not the pa-rties referred to. Your Insertion of this statement in the columns of youxr valuable journal will oblige Your most oDedient Rerv,n+t V. and E. RMAURT., Goldsmiths to the Qxeen, Portsea and Portsmouth. 3, The Hard, Portsea, Nov. 24.
THE CONSERVATIVE PRESS.-The editor of the Hertfoidshire County Press, in taking leave of his readers upon the fusion of that journal with the Hertford ,Uercury, makes the following instructive and interesiting statement :-" The County Press first made its appearance in the year 1832, and took part in the fiery disonssions which agitated the public mind at that period as the chamn pion and organ of Torism. As a commorcial speculation it was never successful. Fortune declared against it at the first, and during the years it continued to advocato Tory and Conservative men and measures it probably was indebted for the means of existence rather to the political needs of wealthy patrons than to the favour with which it was regarded by the general pubHc. Certain it is that, so soon as it was released from the bondage of leading strings and came into the hands of proprietors who had only tie profits arising from the sale of the paper and from the advertisements inserted in it to depend upon, it was dl;covered to be a failure. The public would not support it. Four different proprietors, some of whom expended considerable sums of money in improving it, successively retired from its management 'wiser and sadder mon.' it was clear that a Conservative newspaper would not pay. The leaders of the Conservative party refused to receive it into leading strings again, and It was in the market-a most unmarketable commodity. At the time referred to-the year 1851-it occurred to the proprietor of the Hertford Mercury that if the county would not accepb the County Press as the advocate of Conservatism, it might, perhaps, accept It in the new character of a neutral paper, whose columns should be open for the disoussion of political questions, but which should not itself have any politicas bias. This project was certainly a feasible one. AU the resources of the Hertford Mercu,ry, in the shape of reporters and writers, would be avallable for the County Plress without any great increase of expenditure, and it therefore was reasonable to expect that, though the County Press was a failure while Conservative and while requiring a separate establishment for its production, it would he successful as an independent or neutral paper, issuing from the office of a well-known and thoroughly successful journal. Full and aconrate reports of local meetings, and the earliest intelligence on subjects of general importance, would at once be secured to the public ; and those who did not like to read these things in the columns of a Liberal newspaper would have the opportunity of reading them in a newspaper which would contain nothing to offend their political prejudices. It was with these views that the proprietor of the He,r.fwrd Mcrcury became the proprietor of the County Press. The change of proprietorship took place in July, 1851, and was announced in a ileading article, in which it was stated that particular attention would henceforth be directed to agriculture, and that the fullest and most elaborate reports of the London and provincial markets would be publisbed. Arrangements were made to this end, and the County Press became one of the best market newspapersinthecountry. We confidently appeal to our readers whether we did not faithfuUy fulfil the other promaise which we made, that we would be severely impartial and loftily iust. Communications on political subjects were freely admitted to these columns without reference to the views they advocated, the only condition of insertion being that they shonld contain nothing personally offensive and discourteous. In the leading articles party politics were eschewed; but our readers wiU remember that, though we took no part in these tempting discussions, we rendered some service to the public by our advocacy of measures of social amelioration, in reference to which the best men of all parties are now agreed. There was that in the County Press which might interest men, whatever their political views, and there was nothing that ought to have offended any. The Conservative party certainly owed a debt of gratitude to us; for, though we did not undertake to espouse their party views or defend their party projects, we offered them an organ in which they might defend themEelves without risking those editorial critisisms and replies the dread of which often prevents men from writing in the fairest and beat conducted newspapers of opposite politics. But the Conservative party did not appreciate the boon we offered them. They certainly did not support the County Press to the extent which, under the circumstances, might have been expectod. The bond between us was therefore diesolved. The County Press as a Tory newspaper and as a neutral newspaper had faUed. The majority of its supporters while it sustained the latter character were Liberals; and we therefore felt bound, in justice to our subscribers, and in justice to ourseives, to make the County Press a Liberal newspaper. It is now our duty to announoe that this last experiment has failed. There Is no transformation of which the County Press I seems susceptible from which its success m a commnercial speculation can be hoped. We have shown that the publio would not have it as a Tory newspaper; we have learnt that they nevertheles prefer a politica! to a neutral newspaper-for polities they will have; and we have also learnt that there is not room and scope enough in the county for two Liberal nevwspaper, even though one be published on Saturday and the other on Tuesday. One after another the subscribers to the County Press have transferred their favours to the Hertfard Mercury until the number of supporters has been so reduced that we do not feel justiaed in continuing our journalstic labours. In taking leave of our readers we have only to regret that henceforth one channel of usefulness is closed to us. We may, however, without being arrogant, hope that, since there are some who will probably regret the sudden discontinuance of a journal which ha for years past supplied them with materials for thinlkng and for discussion on many subjects of Int4rest, they will not be unwilling to renew the acquaintance which can be no longer kept up through the medium of these columns in those of the Hertfo-d Mercury, in which the County Press becomes henceforth merged." Thut WEiBSE IRON TRtADBa.-Thoe iron trade tbroughout the west district is very dull, and in several worlks the men are allowed to work only half-time, and this restriction will cause some distress. Notice of reduction of wages has aiso tak-en place. The orders on hand are numerous, but in the present state of the markets the ironmasters are afraid to execute them, particularly as many are from America. Until confidence is restored a deded improvement cannot ba looked for,
THE ASUOVER MURDEP. ASaOVER, TuESDAY. This morning at 9 o'clock the inquest on the body of James Simpson, farmer, of Ashover, who vvas brutally murdered on Friday, tho 13th inst., was held at the White Lion Inn before hlr. Busby, the coroner for the district, and a jury of 15 persons. Mr. W. G. Fox, the chief constable of Derbyshire, was present. The polfee have made great efforts to secure the murderer, and several saspildous characters have been apprehended, but they could not be identified by those who saw a person in company with the deceased a short time previous to his being murdered. Last night a man named Richard Hodgkinson was apprehoended at ,atlook on suspicion. He has a dog, and on the day of the murder a man was seen near the place with a dog, which he set at some children as they wera returning from school. H-annh Simpson was the first *witness called. She said, -Xy'husband left home on Friday about 10. minutes past 11 'i. ikhe mornig. He had his watchk, putxe; aidihalf-aerownx It swas a dteel drop ehain, and thewateh pvas a silver one, with double case. I do'te know-the maker's name. The chain was aboat nine inches long, with a seal to iL The key was steel, and bent. I have wound the watch up thre Uimes since we have been married. The seal was a middle-sizedi-one, wilh glass in, but don't kkow.the colour. The fasce of the watch was white, and tbe figares wbre blaok, andit hada len click. I am certain I should know the watch and chain again. The watch I gave him just before he started. I said, " Afaster, take your watch," and I put it in his trowsers' pocket. He said before he started " Mother, have you sixpence ?1" I said "1 No; I have half. a.crown." He said, "That wi do." The purse I gave hima, with the half-a-crown in it, was a brown one, with a leaden clasp to, and one in the inside. There were three compartments in the purse. I saw my husband put the purse in his trowsers' pocket just before he left. I don't know that he had any other money upon him. I put him some bread and cheese in his pocket, and he had nothing else in his pocket that I know -.nything of. When he was brought home in the evening I was present, but did not see his pockets searched. Those who searched them asked me what he had, and I told them. He went to Alfreton market,intending to meet Mr. Rogers. Ile took 11Ulb. of butter in a basket to sell at the market. The butter was wrapped in two cloths, which are not misin He was also going to Alfreton market to bargain for the sale of some cheese and two fat pigs. All my husband's clothes were about him when he was brought home, except the handkerchief, which contained the bread and cheese. There seemed to be nothing injured about his clotbes. He never spoke at all after he was brought home. I was not a man toscra-e acquaintance with any person on the road, as he generalty studied Scripture. In the morning my husband said, "What groceries shall yotL want." He said 21b, of sugar, rice, and candles. The butter sold for Is. 3id. per lb. The basket was brought to me the same night. It con. tained the two cloths he had taken the butter in, 21b, of Eugar, llb. of rice, llb. of candles, 2oz. of tea; a copybook and a slate for the little boy, a pair of black worsted stockings, and two pennyworth of sweets, which were in his basket for the children, and two ounces of mustard. The contents of the basket would be worth about 4s. 8.d. The rice was partly spiled on the road. Thomas Rogers, Summerootes, grocer.-I saw the decoased on Friday last about 1 o'clock in the market place at AIfreton. I had not met him there by appointment. I told him I would give him an answer that day about some pigs and cheese which we were bargaintu for. He had a basket of butter, containing IA lb. whichI bought at ls. 33d. per lb. and I paid him 14s. 16d. The deceased did not pull out any purse, but put the money in his pocket. I could not say which pocket. I bargained with him for two pigs and about three owt. of cheese, which he was to deliver on the following Friday, when I was to pay him for them. I did not pay him then. I was in his company about a quarter of an hour. He went away, and I did not see him any more after I had paid him for the butter. The last time I saw deceased was about 2 o'cloclk. I agreed with him in the market for the butter and cheese about 1 o'clock. I told him to take the butter to my room in the eastle vard, and I would meet him there after I had had bought some more butter in the market. He went with his butter and waited till I came, which would be about 2 o'clock. I paid deceased in my room with silver and copper. He went away out of the room as soon as he received the money, and I did not see him again. Joseph Boar, of the Battle, Ashover, farmer's servant to Mr. John Gladwin, of Overton-park. -On Friday, the 13th of November, I met the deceased in Alfreton market. I did not go with him to Alfreton. The deceased and I left AIfreton market together about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The deceased had a basket on his arm, but I don't know what it contained. I did not notice whether he had a watch with him. We walked together about three miles, and parted at Oyston-halL We went from Alfreton by the George Inn, and came down AIfreton-hill, by Shirland aud | Higham, and turned off to Oyston-hall. Deceased then turned to the right, which was his road home, and I came by Oyston along the foot road to Woolley. Oyston-hali is about three miles from where the deceased lived. It wanted 20 minutes to 4 by Oyston clock when we parted, It was not dark or foggy. We did not notice anybody following us on bhe road. The deceased was quite sober, and had not had anything to drink. I asked the deeeased at Oyston-hall to go the road I was going, which would have led to his house, to see Mr. Stanley; but he said he should see Mr. Stanley on Monday, instead of going by Stanley's house, The road he took was the nearest to his own honse. Joseph Fletcher, of Ashover-hill, ooalmaster.-I was coming from my colliery, which is called Atton coUliery, on Friday, the 13th. It is about a. mile and a quarter from the deceased Simpson's house. In going from my colliery to my house I pass by the junction of the roads at Ashover-hill-ton on the left hand side. I left my colliery about a quarter past 5 on Friday afternoon. I think the distance from my colliery to the junction of the roads is about one mile. I left my coliery to go home, and when I came up within 12 yards from the junction I saw an object lying in the cart rut on the ground, but could not distinguish what it was. The object was a few paces past the junction, on the road leading to Simpson's own house. There are some gorse bushes on either side of the road. I had notheard any previous report of firearms. I heard the deceased groan. T was then on the other road leading to my own house, and whenxI heard the groan I stepped over the gorse to him. I found a man lying lengthway in the rut, with his head laid in the direction of his own house. I thought it was some person tipsy, or that he might have been tbrown off his horse. I knelt down and smelt, bet I could not perceive that he had had any liquor. I then saw blood on his temples, and felt very much alarmed. I raised a cry for assistance, when my son Iram and a young man named Cresswell came up within five or ten minutes afterwa.ds. I was pacing about for the five or ten minutes tiU they came up. I spoke to the deceased, but he did not answer and continued groaning, I put my arms under his shoulder and lifted his head on the bank. I did not examine the gorse, nor hear any footsteps before or afterwards, nor any voices. I noticed a basket which lay a yard from the deceased, which appeared as though it had fallen from his arm, and a portion of the contents was strewed about. I sent my son and Cresswell to Mr. Bassett's for a light, and told them to go to Mr. Skidmore's, surgeon. It was not very dark, but so dark I could not see the deceased's face. It was a foggy night. As soon as my son and Cresswell had gone Joseph MariTott came up and looked at deceased, when he said 1' I think it is the man on the hilL" Shortly after Mr. Bassett and Mr. William Bassett came with a lantern, which was applied to his face, when I recognized him as the body of Mr. Simpson. We then sent for a door, which was brought very near 6 o'clock. We laid him on the door and carried him to his house. I and William Bassett took one end and CressweUl and my son at the other. When the light came I saw a wound near the left earT, which was bleeding. The flesh under the ear and the back of It and the shirt-collar were blackened, as if with powder. He never spoke at all. His waistcoat was unbuttoned, each side thrown open, and one button in the front of his trow8ers wAs unbuttoned. His hat was lying close by the side of his head. There were no marks of dirt on the clothes. I did not notice any marks of a struggle. After he had been taken home I left for half an hour. I am in the habit of passing this junction once or twice a day on my road to and from the colliery-aboutthalf-past 4 o'clock in the afternoon. I pay my men at the colliery on a Saturday aftern-nc,n, and am not in the habit of carrying much monev about me. I employ about 40 or 50 men. None have left my employ since this affair. I go to Chesterfield once a week, sometlmes on a Friday, and sometimes on a Saturday. I go to the bank for money to pay the men, which I carry with me to my house. It was not my intention to have gone on Friday, the 13th, and I never stated to anybody that It was. I pay about 461. In wages weekly, but the average would be 501. per week. Sometimes on my way from Chesterfield I call at the colliery, but I don't pass these three lane ends. I generally valk the whole way. I passed that way twlce on the 13th of November, but did not see anv person. Johnl Basett, Ashover-hill, printer -On Friday evening, about 5 o'clock, I was in my field, which is about 300 yards from the junction of the three roads at Ashover.hill-top. While there I heard the report of a gun or pistol in the direction of the hUll top. Heard no voices nor footsteps. The report startled me. It was not dark, but dusk. The-re was sufcient light to recogni7e anybody on the road. I did not go to the spot, as we usually hear noises. In about a quarter r f an honr after I heard the shot I went home. After I had been there half an hour Iram Fletcher came to me and said. IMy father has found a murdered man on the road, and you must bring a light." Mry nephew, Herbert Wray, and he started with a antern, and I followed thom to the junction of the roads. I saw the man lying in the road. e was carried homne on a door, bleeding all the way. I nicked up the basket and the hat, an d carried them to his house. Mr.Peter Skidmoro Ashover, snrgeon.-I sawv the deceased lyisg In the lane about half -past 5 o'clock, nearz the junction u,f the roads. Mr. Fletcher andl Mr. Bassett were present. I noticed a wound on the loft temple. It was apparently a gunshot wound. There was a good deal of discolouration on the left cheek from powder. fe was bleeding at the time. anda was in a perfect state of collapse when I arrived. I did not notice his dress being disturbed or soUed. I did not examine his clothes. I ordered his removal home, and he was taken thitber on a door. The deceased was got home about 6 o'clock, and I attended him until his deatho, which took place about half-past 8 the same evening. I afterwards made apost mortem examination of the body on Saturday evening. I found considerable congestion of the brain and two wounds, a smaller and a larger one, and considerNble extravasation of the blood, nmlting from tho wound. I extracted from the wounds a bullet and some sivan shot, which had penetrated the sktfl, and the bu]].zt was lodged in the middle lobe of the brain. The shot was fiixed in the middle lobe. Both bullet and shot had penetrated the skull, The bullet and shot bolng there causid deatk, Ma could rot pobsibly have lived, The shot went upwards and inwards from the external wounds. The shot must have been fired fr-m the left hand siele of the daceased, and the gun or pistol must have beea n lower than the wound, but in close proximity to the head I should think the gun or pistol must have been half a yard fron, the deceased when the shot was fired. I can't say wbether a gun fired from that distance would not have shattered the skull more. I gave the bullet and slog iato tl!e possession of Sergeant Gorham, of the police. By the Cbief Con4table.-I extracted all the shot from the head. There were no external marks of violence on the Ibody. Mr.William Jackson Marshall,surgeon,of M6atlock.-Ifirst saw the deceased on Ssturday sight, the 14th of November, about 7 o'clock. On the left side of the face and neck, on the left ear, and on the external membrane of the left eye, there were black marks of powder. In front of the left ear there were two circular wounds, which penetrated the i-kull. Did not notice any other marks of violence about the body. The same evening I performed a post mortem examination with Mr. Skidmore. On removing the integuments in the neighbourhood of the wounds there was a quantity of extravasated blood, the textnre of the temporal muscles was broken up, from the openings made in the bone through the middle lobe of the brain. The bnUet had passed through the integument, over the ridge of the tomporal bone, through the middle lobe of the brain to the upper and back part of the posterior lobs, which 'was dark, and In whioh I found some shot. I have no doubt the ballet and shot caused the death of the deceasei, and he could not possibly have lived. I think from the direction of the wound that the person firing the gun or pistol must have been kneeling on the left side of Simpson and somewhat in front of him. The shots penetrated opposite the orifice of the left ear, and were found at the back part of the head, showing that the shot went upwards and backwards. I think powder will blacken paper two or three yards off. I think if it had been a gun the shot would have gone through the brain, had there been a proper charge of powder. I am sure I extracted every shot from the brain. William Barker, labourer at a brickyard.-I work for Messrs. Fletcher and Cheetham, at the Atton eolliery. On Friday, the 13th of November, a stranger came into the brickyard about 2 o'clock and asked me for a knife. He had some bacon, which he throw on the fire. I lent him the knife, and he brought it back and thanked me. He asked me if Mr. Fletcher was about. I told him he was not. He said " Oh l" and went away in the direction of the Fabric. I saw him for a quarter of an hour or 20 minutes. He was a tallish man-5 feet 8 or 9 inches, very dark complexion, and hias air was cut very short. He had a pair of cotton trowsers on, dark pilot jacket, with the nap much worn, two patches on his sleeve, one of which hung out. He had no whiskers, and appeared to bo about 30 years of age. He had something under his left arm under his coat, but I did not see what it was. He had a black cloth C3p, with a peak on it. I did not notice his waistcoat, but should know him again if I should see him, My brother-in-law said the man was a person who did not like work. Hls hands were white; looked like lady's hands. He was marked with smallpox and slim made. His hair was dark. I have not seen the man since nor before. I did not notice his eyes. Dennis Gorham, sergeant of lice, Ashover.-On returning from AIfreton sessions on tXe 13th inst. I 'was Informed that a man had been shot on the hill-top. I went to my lodgings, where I saw a man named Joseph Holmes, who said he was waiting for me. I went with Holmes to the junction of the roads, and with the aid of a lantern I observed a large quantity of blood and brains on the road. This was about 7 o'clock. I observed a quantity of rice spilled on the ground. Holmes and I went to Francis's, the parish constable, who accompanied me to the house where Simpson lay. I went to Mr. Milnes, the magistrate, and procured a horseand went to A!freton, and saw Superintendent Duncan in the street, and told him of the murder. I think It was about 11 o'clock when I got to Alfreton. The superintendent sent a despath to Belper, to the chief constable, and I and Mr. Dancsn returned to Ashover, and proceeded to theplacewhere the murderhad been committed andmade further search. We sawfootmarks direotlyopposite wherethe man had been shot, just as if the man, whose foot. prints they were, had been right half fare. Opposite to where the deceased lay, we found two pieces of wadding, one a yard from the body, and the other about two yam adistant. We searched a long time for the watch and the pistol or gun, but we could not discover anything. George Duncan, superintendent of poice,Alfreton.-On !Flriday night,tbel3th,Imet Sergeant Gorhamin thestireet at Aifreton, and he told me a man named James Simpson had been murdered at hill-hop. I left Aifreton about halfpast 11, and arrived here about 1 oclock. I got a lantern and made a search, and near to the place where I saw blood I found two pleces of wadding, which I produce. There is no printing on the wadding. Glot the assistance of some constables, but could find nothing. I received from Mr. Marshall a bullet and some swan shot, which I produce. (The bullet was completely 'lattened.) Paul Brailsford,Atton, a boy, 12 years of age,-On Friday night I met a man on the top of the hil, about 20 minutes to 5. Be was a dark-looking man, dressed in dark clothes, with a "1 biUycock" on. I thought I saw a barrel inside his coat. He was about 200 yards from the three lane ends, It wLs just going dusk at the time. There were two boys with me, Thomas Haslam and John Turner, both of them older than me. There were four girls, Sarah and Ann Brailsford, Hannah Ryley, and mary Hopkinson. The man we saw was walkdig on slowly towards Simpson's house. The man had short dark vwhiskers. A man now in custody was put in a room along with others for the purpose of Identification, but the witness could not recognize any of the party as the person whom he saw shortly before the murder. This being the whole of the evidence, the jury returned a verdict of '- Wilful Murder" against some person or persons unknown. Her Majesty's Government have offered a reward of 1001. for the apprehension and conviction of the murderer' and a free pardon to any accomplice not being the person who fired the shot.
TEE WoIh OF TEE CLEIRGY.-The Bishop of Lincoln in addressing a recent meeting of the Church Pastoral Aid Society in that city adverted to several topics in connexion with the ministerial agency of the church of England. He said the parochial system was the most important of all the machinery of our church, of all human mneans the best that could be used for the sanctiflication of souls. It implied that each individual member of the church had his own pastor, from whom he might receive not only public teaching, but private advice and pastoral visitation, although, as matters now stood, this idea had been broken up, and the system dislocated from a great variety of causes. The population of this country Increased at the rate of 200,000 yearly, and if there were but one clergyman to every 2,000 human beinge, an annual increase of 100 clergymen wonld be required. In many of our populous parishes not one in Six or ten attended any place of worship whatever. In the rural districts generaly the habit was to attend some place of worship, as it was not thought respectable to omit doing so ; but when great masses of the people got together they destroyed the increasing spirit of religion. Such cases made the parochial system a name rather than a reality, and it must be borne in mind that, while the means of supporting the ministry had remained nearly the same, that great wealth which it had been the custom to ascribe to the church would, if equally divided between all, from the bishops down to the curates, give less than 2001. a-year to each clergyman ; and as that wealth was not and could not be equally divided, it must follow that many had maintenances farbelow what was considered sufficiert in other walks in life. A small increase had been made by private benevolence and by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, but all this scarcely told when compared with the growing wants of an increasing population. One great obligation of the parochial system was its practicability, and woe be to them if they neglected to bring the Gospel to the souls for which they were responsible at the judgment day. But how could this be done in the great parishes wlth 5,000, 6,000, or even 10,000 souls? 'The clergyman had to prepare his sermons to study the Word of God, to visit his schools, to attend the various religious and charitable societies of the parish, and to do other services of the church, which in populous lous parishes took up much of his time, as well as to do a large amount of secular work which he felt was not his peculiar business, but which he alone could do. He could not visit his parishioners as he would wish to do. HIe felt that not one-twentieth part of his work was done, and had that wretched, nightmare feeling of being overburdened with work, which he could not cope with nor yet shake off. N otwithstanding the efforts that had been made by varlous means to suoply what was needed, there still remained a large class wfiom none of the church's influencehad reached. The Gospel must be made aggressive; it must go and seek out those who were not in possession of its blessing. At one time out-door preaching was looked upon as a grand panacea for aU our ius; but this, from a very nataral reaction, did not now seem to be esteemed as it ought to be. Out-door preaching was, of very gat value, for it brought the Gospel to those who could not be persnaded to assemble in rooms; but, it never would have a very wide influence, for there were but few places in the great towas where it could be carried on successfully, there being a large number of what he mnight call the respectable ungodly, who would never stop to listen to a person speaking in the open air. Nevertheless, out-door preaching was a most valuable aid to the mnister of a large parish. " For the first time," said the lncumbent of Nottingham church to him a short time ago, " since I have been apmointed to this church I saw men at church in their shirt sleeves soon after I commenced open-air preaching." Now, he (the bishop) did not say that it was desirable that persons should come to church in their shirtsleeves, but if they were to be in their sbirt sleeves they had bettor go to church than elsewhere. But, after all, the great means of evangelising our people was by house-to-house v!'-tion. They must bring the Gospel home to ',he people, or they would never succeed. It was an old and true saying that " a house-going priest makes a churchgoing people." Lay agents had at first been looked upon with suspicion, but their usefuiness was now more generally recognized. The clergyman had other work to do besides house-to-hones visitation; but the lay agent had that duty more especially to attend to. He nmight also add that he did not think the educated man had raore influence with the poorer classes tban persons ef less acquiremenets; not that he thought men of inferior educatior were better received,buthe did saythatlayagents had advantages in dealing with the irreligious and unbedevers where the clergyman badi not. Lay agency was not to supplant clergy. mnen, bult it was an ertensa of the pastoral arm, and so far from lessening the, labors of the clergyman, it actually increased them. (Advertisement.*-" Debitand Credit."-" We are gladto see thsl very eucceasfal novel now Ia ths hands of our coie tryman Alrs. falcolm, already as favourably koown as a triulator. has puto. ilahed It in one volumene, sio Ge Anothor vesrlou is in two volumsr,, smrieelt;. Psefared bY Obevahier Eauien. 'Unfortunately this hy3,. blat n I atetbeon. 7hsaighb otf au autbor to be consulted as ta tba renderlng hbs wo-A inte a foreign tongue ought to be reaa sctel. Even when, as ja thisbease ot the two-voluna edition ot thIsz ork. a tSca61aator v.ho nais24s thig coustesy, In ears no0panalty, h e noe the lee h.frliaga % bIndb2Yg ehoub UDVritten law-a transeesason v hieb the bobliO may not l'meaXmoaably bO expected to visit with tt? d' ploksUe, ThelD traukIat. ~ x th Iw vaebleance hastaensacmove ltbert es tha, we canthIk a a, ~atdble Ta gra'e pIlr of Oho, pie XL I, e ttrety snpr*ec e'l. i5rs. Malcolm On the 0113CC hoed. E1 Algs ;ut her tranaletion e2d,- tbu aanottin of Herr Preytag, an,', bsh 'au not lbonghtt sieh >tho 0 prepEare the' boot for the bhugh,' a pehIls by .ey
uIvYvr2 IV'Y '1f2rgayicE OXFORD. NoV. Z. The Balliol Scbolarships have beert ined by Mr. Robsrt Samuel Wright, Commoner of Balltol (late of Bruton Seool, Somerset), anl Mr. White, from Chet1enham Col. lege. The election vwiU not take place tili tb 28th. DURE A L At a Convocation holden on Tuesday,lovemberther24, the following degrees wero conferred:- ML A. Rev. W. Skene, B.A., Universitv College. Rev. A. F. A. Woodford, B.A., University CoUeV. HoNxos.Any M.A. Thomas Sopwith. The Rer. Alfred James, XA.. was nominated by the Warden and approved by the House to be a member oF Senate. The following graces were pased - "I In the elmetion of PdIoe there ah.l bo1 aWocla e5 wIth the msain tens of Senate a namber Of delloDWS not exceedhig foar, takoe In oris r of seelorlty trom thos wh w, being cimbers of Oarvxaitom, hacre e- sided In the VUrverstty for not less than two terms In thb yezr Icamedlately Dpreodng the electlon." A grace was pased for amending the 7th section of the Regulations for Medical Scholarships" by making thesn tenabo for four yearn, in agreement wnth the grace which establbshed those scholarships. A. pgace vas passe d for setting the UJniversity seaal to certain legal documentss The ffouse proceeded to the electon of a member of the Convocation, to be a member of the Senate. At the close of the poll the Warden announced the number of votes For the Rlev. Wiiliam Greenwell, M-A. ... 43 For the Rev. J. J. Hornby, M.A. ., .. 22 and declared the Rev. William Greenwell to be elected.
.EFORAfATOME& TO TEEB EDITOR OF TEE TIMS. Sir,-lt is with great pleasure that I see that there is room in yoar columns, even in the present pressare of more engrossing matters, for so spirited and sensible a prote3t against the modern folly of " reformatoriess" as that contained in the letter of your correspondent "L H. B.," from Cannon-street. The other day, in a country neighbourhood, I met art exceDent friend of mine taking a drive in his carriage, on the box, beside the coachman, sate a grinning young rustle of 14, in an odd yellow dress I asked my friend who is companion might be, and was told " only a reformatory boy whom he was taldng an airing !" &% they passed on, the yonng gentleman aloft a triumphant example to the neighbouring villagers of the advantages of vice, and s lesson how to get on the box of a gentleman's carriage, to, which no honest lad in the same condition could have a- chance of being appended, except when snatching the fearful joy of a hang-on behind. I shall be told that a sdngle instance of weakness is no argument against a system. I cite it as a very fair argument-a grotesque illMstration of a prevailing tendency. My friend is a man of sense and ability, one who has reflected much on the subject of secondary punishmentreflected, I doubt not, until reformatlon by kind treatment; has become his hobby, and he has made himself almoet incapable of seeing the other side of the question. So long as reformatorles are patronized, men and women will make pets of their inmates as certainly as children will make pets of dogs and birds. They will not all get arings in carriages, bat they will most certainly get far better physical treatment and infinitely more moral encouragement than the unconvicted portion of their class in society. That such treatment tends more to make hypocrites than to reform many of the more sagacious inquirers into the sabject affirm. For my part, I consider the proportion of good or evil done to the criminals themselves as a matter of qaiteminorimportanoe. Therealandprimary question isWhat is the effect of the system in producing or preventing crime in others? Were we to assume the extreme and absurd supposition that every person sent to a reformatory was in fact reformed, and turned into a good citizen, soand reason must stil condemn that system, if it tends to diminish the terror of punishment. That it does so can hardly admit of a doubt. In fact, I do not see what incentive to remain virtuous is left to the young in our days except two-the lingering, but stitl powerful princdile of honesty itself, and the loss of liberty, which is happily stlU a stronger motive in thousands of breasts than love of beef tea and cocoa, warm rooms, amusing books, and visits from sympathizing patr-us. Let us bevare of allowing the effeminate morality of the present day still further to encroach on our slight remaining safeguards. I remain. Sir. vonr nheniprn, ar,xn, PREVENTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-My appeal in your paper of the 18th on behalf of a poor " ticket-of-leave" man and his family bas met vith a generous response, and for -which I desire to return my sincere thanks; but it has also called forth an attack from " I. H. E.' Were the attack confined to myself I- should not think it worth while to notice It, but, as its principal fcrce is directed against reformatories in general, more especially those of Great Smith-street and Red-hill, I think it sight to call the attention of the public to the followinz facts :-That there are many thousands of persons who get their living by thieving; that many of these do not follow It from Inclination, but havo been driven to it through the loss of parents, habitual neglect, and other causes, and are anxious to escape from such a sinful life and become honest men; that having lost their character theyfinditimpossible ta obtain work,andthereforethere mustbe placesof refage whera they may be sheltered from their evil companions, trained In industrious habits, receive secular and relislous instruction, and, when sufficiently tested, sent forth to get their own living by bonest means; that It was preferable to send them to the colonies, far away from old associations and temptations, to keeping them at home; that reformatories. f properly conducted, are weU adapted to this end, and therefore ought to be supported, both on the score of hunmanity and of soand policy. I contend that reformatories should be made sufficiently comfortable to induce criminals to enter them, and such strict discipline maintained as will drive away aU wvho are not thoroughly in earnest in their desire to reform. On this principle the London Reformatory is conducted. Let those who doubt my statement come and judge for themselves; they are welcome at all hours. They wiU then see that the fine hal which " L H. E." caUs a drawing-room is nothing more than a large, whitewashed room, with a briok floor, some deal tables and forms. It is true there is an organ (used at morning and evening prayers), and a large globe, both gifts from kind friends. The latter may add to the instruction of the inmates, but I don't see how it can add to their comfort; that the only room besides this which SO inmates have to ue whea not in the workshops is a smal reading-room similarly furnished; that the dormitories are nothing more than large whitewashed rooms (the upper one without a ceiling, and very cold in the winter), with a cocoanut hammock for each inmate. These hammocks are tolerably comfortable in summer, but cold enough in winter. No fire is ever allowed in the dormitories, excepb occasionally in damp weatber in the winter after the floors have been washed; that the hot and cold baths are nothing more than two baths with hot and cold water laid on to enable the inmates to keep their bodies clean. Should the visitor come at 1 o'ciock he wil find the inmates partaking of some soup and bread or a few ounces of meat and potatoes-wholesome food certainly, but not sumptuous. Each inmate before being fully admitted is placed in a room by himself for 10 days on bread and water and half a pint of cocoa, in the evening, the later allowed by the committee solely because so many were found to suffer severely by diarrbhea, brought on by drinking nothing but water,a pretty severe test of his sincerity, I can assure " L H. E.", -and It requires a very great degree of moral courage and of eelf-denial for a man who has led a lawless life for year; to submit himself to a voluntaxy Imprisonment for twelva months; for be is remembered, that although he is treatei with every kindness, he can only go out by permission, that he must return to the minute, or he wil assuredly be punished. I believe that many would ba content to live upon Is. or Is. 6d. per diem rather than in a reformatory. The applications for admission have of late been much fewer than usual, owi3g, I bel:eve, to the great demand for recruits in the army and militia. Sums of the bimates havo enlisted from the Reformatozy, proving the above assertion, that they prefer is. & day outside. I wi only repeat, in conclusion, let the public come andl judge for themselves. I am. Sir. vour obsliont Rp.rnt. RiENRY C. ST-AE, ColaneL Governor. .LAWjLl ixwormarory, *reat bsmiti1strset, Westminster, Nov. 25.
SEBIOCS CnAHRGF-SOLTHAW- PTu\, Wednesday.- A younr man named Josiah Foot, 1S years of age, who bas be.,n employed as a clerk in the Longroom of tie Cstorahouse at this port, was taken into custody la^t Dight.. AlIthough only one of the junior clerlks of ths aFtablia sment, yet he appears to have been intrusted with the keeping o' the acwounts, and collecting that branch of the. public revenue Inown as the "Light l>ues," which ui'oney he has been grossly misappropriating to a consider:,blo extent for several months past. It is said that his de. falcations amount to between 1501. and 2001 The prisoner was brought before the borough magistrates this morning and rem.anded till Saturday to await the intiructions of the Board of Customs& ELx,zON EX.rSXS.-ThO election auditor for the North Riding of Yorkshire has published lais return of the expenses incarred at the last election fot that dlvisioo of tbe county, from which it aPpe~ar that between ll,0001. and l'2,0I. was spent by the three candidatesvia., about 6,0001. by the ion.oloel Duncombe, bLP., nearly 5,0001. by the lon. J. C, D .ndes, nud only 6W, by Mdr. B. S. Cayley, ALP.?
LON2DON, THUTRSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1857. The Submarine Telegraph, which now unites England with Malta, has brought us two messages on India which wil be read with the greatest interest. When we say that 15 vessels had reached various ports in our Indian possessions, carrying more than 5,000 troops, our readers will at once rejoice to hear that so imposing a force has been added to those brave regiments which have so long and so successfully struggled against the mutineers. From Lucknow,-that city upon which so many hopes and fears are concentred,-the intelligence is better than could have been expected from the gloomy rumours prevalent in India at the departure of the last mail. The enemy are described as beiug in great force indeed, and very strong in artillery; but there seems little doubt that Generals HAvmocnE and OuTFAm, who aprear to have divided their forces, will be able to hold their own-reinforced as they have been by the 53d and 93d Regimentsuntil the approach of GREATnED's avenging columnn, 'which it was calculated would reach them on the 30th of October, enabled them to resume the offensive. To this column has fallen the glory of making one of the most rapid marches and executing one of the most brilliant exploits which the annals of Indian warfare-rich in rapid marches and brilliant feats of arms- -an record. Colonel GnAT&rrM left Delhi, we believe, on the 28th of September, in command of a foi3e consisting of :lxR M&JEsTr's 8th Foot and 9th Lancers, two troops of Hlorse Artillery, one Field Battery, five 12-inch mortars, two companies of Punjab Sappers, the 2d and 4th Punjab Infant,y, 125 Punjab Cavalry, and 200 HoDsoN's lHorse,-about 3,000 in all. He was charged with the pursuit of one body of the Delhi fugitives, which had taken a route for Agra and Cawnpore. On the 4th of October he came up with the flying enemy at Bolundshuhur, and signally defeated them with small loss to Ninself. Malaghur, a fort which the enemy had seized, was stormed and blown up, it appears, on the same day. On the 5th he overtook them at Allyghur, and again defeated them with heavy loss. From the 5th to the 14th we know noth;ng of his exploits, though we may conjecture that these repeated defeats had dispersed the mutineers; but on the 14th we find Colonel GREATHED at Agra, and it would seem in the very nick of time. That great station, which contains more than 5,000 British subjects, 4,000 of whom are described as non-combatants, has been threatened during the whole of the disturbances in the North-West Provinces by the mutineers of one or two regiments, aided by the criminals released from the gaol when the city was abandoned, and the ill-disposed of all the adjacent districts. It was against this force that the British shut up in the fort at Agra performed a gallant exploit some months back, which, though attended with severe loss to the brave garrison, inspired such wholesome fear in their assailants 'that from that time forward they mantained a respectful distance, and the fort was no longer threatened with a siege. The hopes of the rebels and the fears of the British in Agra we-e directed towards the Gwalior and Indore mutincers, who, forming a complete corps, amply provided with ammui;tion and artillery, were expected to march onAgra, as the nearest point of attack. For some strange reason, but partly ovw ing to the opposition of SCINDIAH, who refused to countenance the mutiny of his Cortingent, the G-walior mutineers, who represent SCTnDAlx'S Contingent, and the Indore mutineers, who represent that of HoLQAR, remained for three mon1hs inactive, and only made up their minds to march on Agra when that step instantly brought down complete and speedy punishment upor their heads. On the 14th of October, as we understand the intelligence received at the India Board, these combined mutineers, or a considerable portion of them, appeared before Agra and attacked it. But GRHaTnEID's column had reached the city before them. Not only therefore were they repulsed 'with great loss, but they were pursued, routed, and dispersed. The chase was continued until the enemy had been driven across the Kharee with the loss of 1,000 killed, all their guns, all their baggage, and all their plunder; five lacs of rupees, the spoil of British treasuries, were captured at the same time; and this brilliant achieve!ment was performed with very smnall loss. At tbe latest dates Colonel GREATDX had cromed the Jumna, and was on his way to Lucknow, where it was expected that he would arrive on the 30th of October. Successes so striking as these, added to the certainty that no reasonable alarm need now be felt for our brave countrymen at Luclnow, leave little room for any slight despondency or gloom which may gather over the reader's mind as he reads other portions of this intrlligence. Thus we can afford to hear with equanimity that 1 NhuK SIN;ir, herotoforo outr fAhitd, Jim titriod ;a against us since theo atormimg of P3efli Wag " announced." Perlhapn MATrt ptneti isj a Eindoo "trinimor" who Alw.sS siteg wMithii the weaker party. If ao, wro ti- e fe inyui apeedily come to a bettor ftruame of muitid. Sh, tooi, wf st not overwhohneiod with thie initt tthat pert *of a Bombay regiiime-nt lihas ilAiitie,l *t Ie;sa ou the extreme wmst of the lornilbay Pnrekiden'q fure these partial outbrAko mnoy lbe epeGte in a foreo wlich is 1qlarly reruited fbin Pfvper India ald h:s, no dtmit, leeil so*eiy tenlipted Jay emissaries froimi the inutineers. So also we mty hope that BI4nlxou Sanmi-whoev'er hle may beand " miost of the ltrge 'l'alooltdarl who ltave tlrned agaignst ush in Central lndia mviln tpeetl;ly find that their trito iutirt t wirld lhare pioasaptsd theon to bo witlh ratlher tllati ag,1i.t4 a rower whicl will sooii bo inore thiatn ever in the o-oendant. On oneh and ll of thwee udiuor outbrealtk and petty robellouts speody retribution is aure to follow. Tbo intolligonce that tho I'nmjab i: nOt so well affected as it might he, tlhouglh vnpleasant, is now comparativoly of small importance. The Punjab and its gallant nativo roglimonta have served our turn. They havo enabled us to capture Delhi and turn the tido of disaffection, and, now that a full stroam of B3ritish bayonets is flowing into British India, any attempts at disorder boyond the Sutlej will be put down with British steel by the same stern hand which regained Delhi and preserved the Punjab by native levies. The only real source of auxiety which we can discover in the advices by this arrival is the fact that a large number of our countrymen and countrywomen zre shut up in the fort at Saugor. Unless relief is speedily afforded to those who have sought refuge within its walls,-above a thousand in number,-fears are entertained lest our feelings should be shocked by a repetition of the savage atrocities committed at Cawnpore; but we trust that the energetic measures taken to send troops up the country will avail to rescue those whose condit-on excites so much alarm from their perilous position. When we add that a commission has been issued for the trial of the King of Dxxxi, whose life does not appear to have been unconditionally spared, that two more of his sons were to be shot, that the fall of Delhi had had a wonderfuleffect in making defaulters totherevenue pay up their arrears, that loyalty was the order of the day in the North-Western Provinces, and that "' all was quiet in Scinde, Bombay, Madras, " and the NizAhi's dominions," we do not know that any expressions of our own can add to the deep satisfaction and relief with which this Indian intelligence must be received by the country at large.
Official despatches come sadly after date, especially when the scene of action is so remote as it is in Hindostan. Now that we know the fall of Delhi and the relief of Lucknow, there appears at first sight but little interest to be found in such reports as we published yesterd. y concerning the preparations undertaken for the siege at one point and the rescue at the other. The earliest of the deapatches before us actually takes us back to the 6th of July, a period at which the great Indian contest wore at every point a totally different aspect from that now presented; and even the latest refers to scenes which have long passed away from the stage in the rapid progress of the drama. The very performners, in many instances, are now no more ; the writers of the words we read have died the death of soldiers, and their places are filed by others. Yet, for all this, the publication is by no means destitute of effect. Offici21 statements carry a character of their own, and, if their style is necessarily less popular than that of more graphic narratives, the story, at any rate, comes from the mouth of the actor himself. It is something to see how a great man writes, as well as to hear how he behaves; to remark the complexion he gives to his own exploits, and the tone he assumes in relating them. Formal and arid as these nine columns of documents may yesterday have appeared, they nevertheless contained attractive records. NICHOLSON tells the tale of his own victory of Nujuffghur, which assured the fate of Delhi; HAvELoc describes his first retreat after advancing upon Lucknow, and his second attack upon NANA SAMr's fortress at Bithoor; NEILL transmits the dreadful catalogue of the victims at Cawnpore; and EYRB recounts his successes against the insurgents of Oude. The battle of Nujuffghur as here related by its hero comprises a very rema"kable feature. The rebels, it will be recollected, had made a sortie in force from Delhi, with the view of intercepting the siege train and convoy of munitions on the way to our camp from the Punjab. To counteract this nanceuvre, which might have bcen fatal to our projected assault upon the city, General NICHOLSON was detached with a column of 2,000 men, of whom about half were Europeans, and 10 Horse Artillery guns-the enemy's strength being nearly double. After marching from daybreak till a late hour in the evening, he fell in with the mutineers, drawn up in battle array and strongly posted. lihe tine scarcely permitted him to take a sufficient survey of their position, but he nevertheless formed his plans on the instant, gave the order for the attack, and was gratified with the successful execution of his designs in every particular. Here, however, ensued the notable incident of the conflict. The battle had been won, and the artillery of the enemy captured, with what the General himself describes as " scarcely any numerical loss to us," when intelligence was brought that a few mutineers had concealed themselves in a little village to the rear of the British line. It was not a case of ambuscade, but of simpVe hiding. Tne rebels were merely endeavouring to escape pursuit, and their numbers were comparatively insignificant. Of course, orders were given to clear the village, but the Sepoys relied so confidently on their cover that before they thought of decamping they were entirelysurrounded, and then was seen the desperation which a ilying foe can exhibit when escape is hopeless. This handfull of fanatics sold their lives so dearly, that the cost to us was more than that of the battle itself. The Punjab Infantry were first sent against them, but the regiment lost its commaander and many of its men. The 61st Queen's was then despatched to reinforce the Sikhs, but here also a gallant officer was dangerously wounded and many soldiers struck down. In the end the village was effectuaUy cleared, but the casualties were unexpectedly heavy, and the whole affair was singularly characteristic of Asiatic warfar.e. General NicnOISON's march, his advance, and his attack, exactly resemble those of our best Indau commanders. The enemy fled, precisely as Indian armies have flcd before, from a small colmn of Europeans, jaded with fatigue, but resolute i,o fights and handled by a skilful tactician. Yet, after all this, a dozen or two of frantic desperadoes intrenrh themselves in a buildiug or a village, and hold out to the ver J last againt the same a-sailant, from whom they ran away in confusion but a short tine before. The incident will help us in forming s. proper estimate of the capture of Delhi. lThere the fighting was exclusively of the character last described; but, instead of a few Sepoys forced into fiercen2ss by surprlse, our troops encountered half a, dozen regular brigades, combining the advantages of organization with the resolution of despair. It may be observed that we find few of Generad Wi:- ION'H comnmunications in this collection of docuamontr.; but we are presented with the text of the gonoral order placing him in command before Delhi. (onoral REJD alludes to the " judgment, gallantry, "A ntd conduct" by which the operations of General Wit.soN had been uniformly signalized, and congratulaten the army on receiving so able a leader. It in Jlot ofton that official compliments have been more htrikingly justified than in the instance here given. GOetiOral HAVYLOCK'S despatches are what the tealer might expect from such a commandershort, plain, and decided. He tells his story in few wordrs, thrown in an opinion as to the results of the operations, and adds the very useful appendAge of "a sketch of the ground." We get a narrativo of three engagements from his pen. The first took place apparently on his original advance to Lucknow; the s.econd occurred when, to establish tho suporiority of his power and to facilitate his rotroat, ho halted, turned upon his enemies, and complotely routed them, making, as he himself observes, "our eighth combat" since that day month. The third came off after his safe return to Cawnpore, when he marched for the second time to Bithoor, and dispersed the miscreants who were once more gathering to a head under the old residence of NANA SAraB. On each of there occasions the enemy seems to have fought with considerably greater vigour than at Nujuffghur. At Bithoor, where the force confronting us included some of NANA SAnan'S own myrmidons, the position is described by General HAvELOCK as "one of the "' strongest he had ever seen." It was carried, however, triumphantly, and the insurgent battalions were chased off the field to Seorajpore. Had we posse&sed any cavalry " not a rebel or "mutineer," says the General. "cou.ld have "reached that place alive." " As it is," he briefly adds, "they rshal not long remain there " unmolested." Two or three features appear noticeable as pervading the descriptions generally given of these contests between the mutineers and their masters. As a matter of course, the rebels have hitherto always enjoyed the advantage of numbers, and they seem to have acquired a very unfortunate excelence in musketry practice. Rifle corps, too, and rifle companies formed a strong element in the old Sepoy army, and of this training we find the effects in most of our encounters. At Delhi the sharpshooters fired with terrible accura-.y on what was truly the " forlorn hope," and the storming column behind it; at Bithoor the rifle and musketry volleys are especially mentioned by General HAVEiocr in his despatch; and in the report of General VAN CORTLADnT from Sirsah, forming part of yesterday's collection, the tenacity with which the rebels are represented as clinging to cover after cover speaks plainly to their skill in wielding the weapons with which we equipped them. They surpass us, too, in strength of cavalry, or, as we should rather say, our own weakness in that arm is conspicuous; for, although the mrutineer squadrons have never ventured to charge our battalions, the British commanders are constantly expressing their own want of light horsemen. General HAvELocK, as we have seen, makes the ob"ervation at Bithoor, and General NIcHioLsoN falls into the same remark in his report from Nujuffghur. On the other hand, we seem decidedly superior, not merely in the indisputable asceudancy of our troops, but in the servlce of our artiUerya fact which is evident both from the details given of the enemy's strength on various occasions, and from the acknowledgments made by our own commanders. Superiority in Infantry and Artillery leaves few chances to the opposite side, especially where advantages in respect to Cavalry are tulaed to little account; and when our own reinforcements in horse as well as foot place more complfte means at the command of our Generals, we hope the work so prosperously commerced may be brought to a speedy conclusion.
The "traditionary policy" of some departments is very strong. Indoor relief is the motto and maxim of the Poor Law Board, it is the rule of rules, the keystone of the Poor Law arch; if that gives way, then it is considered that the whole will fall upon our heads. That is the phrase which a Poor Law aommiosioner must write upon his forehead1 and upon his heart, which he must inscribe up-n his bed-head, which he must repeat to himself morning, noon, and night. Well, the rule of Indoor relief has, though not without much local modification, answered as a general rule; the unexanipled prosperity of the lower classes for several years past has enabled the Board to impose the principle strictly upon most districts. The application of it has not been felt, because there has been, in fact, very little application of it at all. The condition of the poor has not evoked the use of the rule on any large scale, so that it has only been applied to that particular extent which did not involve much harshness. It has not, in short, been regularly tried. But now comes a time of real trial for the rule. Let us take the case of Preston. There you have twventy thousand operatives with only an average of tbree days' labour a-weck to subsist upon. The consc quence is, that there being already more than a thousand poor in the various workhouses, 4,500 apply for outdoor relief. The Preston Guardians wrile to the General Poor Law Board to allow a temporary relaxation of the order against giving outdoor relief to ablebodied persons -such as the Pieston operatives, who have only given up work because their masters have no work for them, are. The Poor Law Board answers, that it " sees no necessity for such a relaxavion." Now, we lke deep convictions, and we like firmness, but this is faith against facts. Do the Poor Law Commissioners really mean to say tlht all these 4,500 persons, because by sheer nec--- sity, in an accidental interval of general want of employment-an interval which may stop any day as soon as ever our fnancial pressure subsides-they want public relief, are to go into a workhouse? What can be the use of caging men, obliging them to accept what they do not wanta reifectly superfluous and gratuitous shelter of brick and mortar, when al they want is bread? These men do not want public buildings to lodge in; they have waUs and roofs of their own, and only want something to eat inside them. "Oh, but," it will be said, " the rule, the rule ! You must "nob break the rule of indoor relief." But a rule need not be, and must not be, upon the plainest principles of common sense, applied one step further than we find the application of it useful and con7enient. The strict application of iu in Prestoa at this time would not be inconvenient only, it would be impossible. How are you to lodge 4,500 persons at a moment's notice within a workhouse? There is no building large enough for them. Are you to build one ? That is a long process, and meantime the men are starving. Here are men famished and wantina a meal, and you say, "Stop till we have held a meeting, " which will publish the advertisement, which " wiU elicit the architect, who wil manke the "estimates, which will direct the builder, who "will order the bricklayers, who wiU bring the "bricks that wiU make the walls of the gigantic "new Preston Workhouse, which will hold 5,000 "men. Then, when there is a workhouse foryou, "you must go into it, and then you shall receive "indoor relief." Such a necessary combination of brick and mortar and victuals is like the combination of incendiarism and roast pork which CAunEs LAmB has celebrated. Nor even for the make of tho ulterior benefit of such a r.le-the benefit of diseouragement to idleness, which was the main motive for the creation of it-is the strict enforcement of it upon such an occasion as this at all necessary. There is al the difference between ordinary times and an extraordinary emergency like the present, and an acquiescence in a departure from the rule in a general state of distress which brings thousands upon public charity is no kind of precedent for a general and indiscriminate departure from it. We say, then, observe this rile in such a way as you would observe any other practical rule of your own making-apply it as you find it convenient, whether for an immediate or for an ulterior purpose, whether for present saving or for prevention, to do so. But do not be a lave to a rulo of your own making. Do not make an idol of it and worship it. This rule is not a mystery. We know everything about it, why it was made and why it is maintained,-know aU the reasons and motives upon which it is founded, and all the objects which it is intended to serve. This rule, then, belongs to the cla5s of practical rules which we make because we think it expedient, and observe so far as we please. But you are creating it as if it were a mystery, as if it were an Eleusinian dogma,as if it issued from the cave of Delphi, and as if it were a supernatural truth which we could not trust our common sense to depart one step from, because it did not belong to the region of common sense, but to an upper and unknown sphere of truth. There is certainly a middle state of mind between worshipping a rule and neglecting it, between thinking it everytbing and thinking it nothing, though this state of n;nd is perhaps rarer than we might have reasonably expected. The tendency of departments and offices is to worship their own rules, to believe in them, not as practical things requiring practical observance and admitting necessary qualifieations, but as laws of natare or theories of science, as absolute and all-comprehending dogmas. Fear, dread, and jealousy surround the " rule," a divinity hedges it, it soon loses itself, like the Nile or a Greek pedigree, in an unknown source, its ground of common sense is forgotten, and even to allude to so vulgar an origin is thought profane and discourteous. It then beeomes a mystery, about which officials speak with awe and hats off, and tcll you not to treat it as if it owned the vulgar plebeian parentage of reason. But the Poor Law Board, tolough it " sees no "necessity for a relaxation of the rule, will con- "sider any cases referred to it in which the Poor "Law guardians may have found it neceEsary to "depart from the order." This might seem at first sight a return to common sense, though the formn wh;ch common sense adopts is rather singular, awkward, and roundabout. Do the Poor Law Commissioners really mean to say that they wil examine, one by one, all these 4,500 cases, and give an indemnity for each transgression of the rmle to the Preston Guardians, in case they should determine that the liberty in each separ.ate instance was allowable ? They can hardly mean that, and yet nothing short of that will afford the relaxation wanted. And what tells, also, against such a favourable interpretation of their intentions-favourable to the Preston poor, whatever tax upon their own patience it may involve -is, that they begin immediately to talk about meeting the emergency by building a new workhoase. Building a new workhouse I Why, as we have just said, before the workhouse is built all its intended inmates have either died from starvation or are in full work again, and do not want relief, either out of doors or indoors. But it is difficult to say what the Poor Law Board does mean. The rule of indoor relief obviously breaks down, but they will not acknowledge that it does. They forbid with a high hand a relaxation of the rule; but, as it is of no use telling people to do what they eannot do, they announee that they will eonsider particular individual exceptions to it-the exceptions being 4,500 c sr, in the town of Preston ; and, after this curious arcd grotesque qualification, they then fall back upon the indoor rule again, and I2commend a new workhouse to meet the emergency. This is neither giving up the rule nor keepmug it. They refuse to relax, but they will allow exceptions. We do not exactly see the difference, but we suppose the meaniag is that the rule is still to be corsidered an inviolable dogma. It is relaxed, but at the same time it is not relaxed; it is relaxed, but nobody is to say that it is relaxed; they do not admit, and nobody is to dare to say, that it is. We cannot pretend to penetrate these mysteries of the Poor Law Board.
COUST CIBCULAz. WINDSOR, Nov. 25. TheEarl and Countess of Clarendon arrived yesterday on a visit, and dined with Her Majesty In the evening. Thore were also at the dinner their Royal Highnesses the Princess Royal, and Prince Frederick William of Prassia, and the Earl of St. Germans. Hler Majesty's private band performed in the drawing. room. Overture (Or Suitel In D maJor, for stringed instrunents, tWo OboL tbree trumpet. and druma Grave, Vivace, Air, Gavotte 1, Gavotte 2. Bourree Gique ................ .T. B. Bach. Hcobzelts Marerh *- Eurauthc" ............ Weber. S8herzo * Sonara .......................... Beethoven. Choeur du Marche " iasantello" ........... Auber. Air de Ballet * Guillaume Tell " .......... Bosdini. The Queen and Prince Consort, accompanied by Prince Frederick Wiliam of Prussia, rode out on horseback this morning, attended by the Hon. Bsatrice Byng and the Equerries in Waiting. The Earl of St. Germans left the Castle in the forenoon. Despatches were sent from the Colonial Office yesterday to the Governors of the Colonies on the West Coas of Africa.
HER MAJESTY'S STAGHOFNDS.-In consequence of the great amount of rain which has falen this week, the meot on Friday will be at Iver-heath instead of TBlIlngdon, at 1.30. SouznAmProNx, Wednesday.-TJhe screw steamer Petropolis, Captain Theodore Paulsen, which arrived here yesterday morning from Hamburg, sails at daylight on Thursday for Lisbon and the Brazils. She takes out about 110 passengers, a large ship mail, 19,2581. in specie for the Bank of Brazil, diamonds value 2,6001., and 700 tons of Englsh French, and German merchandise. The cargo of the Ondine steamer, which vessel has been docked at this port in consequence of grounding on the Margate sands last week, has been transshipped to-day into the Vanguard steamship, cn rouwx from London to Dablin. The Ondine procecds to Scotland to be repaired. THE UxNEm OYED POOR IN LRICEtER.-A great numbor of operatives have been thrown out of employment in Leicester, and a very large number of others are only working half or short time. As is usually the case under such circumstances persons are patrolling the suburbs and outskirts of the town begging and singing. In former seasons of distress this has usually been the prelude to riot. ing or general breaches of the peace, but in the present day no such result is feared. Some of these who formerly led the working classes in such times have improved their own position, whlile others have emigrated. But, above all, the poorer part of the working clases have themselves considerably advanced in knowledge. This Is ovidenced by their manifesting the strongest desire to keep the peace, and by their having plwced themselves under the guidanco of a Baptist minister of the town, Mr. S. J. Chew. On Sunday ? large meeting of the unemployed was held in the Pastvr-e, a piece of ground near the town, and a deputation was appointed to wait upon the magistrates and request them to use their iniluence with the board of guardians to grant outdoor relief to the deserving ablebodied poor during the present presure, On Mondaymow.ing the deputation waited upon the magis. trates, when the board expressed an unwillngness tointer. pose, as the board of guardians were a inde dent body. he magitrates, wbile expresslng their t, do all they could to alleviate the sufferlngs of the poor, said that they would not permit anY Parties to be singing or beging in the town or its outskirt& On Monday, & larger publio meeting r.as held, when a deputation was appointed to wait upon the board of guardi ans,and tha strongest din. position was evinced t-o keep the peace. Tho mneetirZ was addressed by two Dissenting ministers. The deputation had their interview with the Poor Law guardLaus on Tuesda evening. A very good feeling appeared to exist on both rdes, and the board appointed a small committee of itg body to consider the matter, and report to the board as to 'he best means which could be taken at the present juncture. LONDON GENERAL oNNIB1us CoMrPAy.-Traffic recelpt5, week ending November 21, 9,9521. 3a. 2d.
INDI A. 3 THE CALCUTTA MAIL. [A portion of the followbg appod In our thrd tion of yesterday:-1 The following telegram Wu received at thE Foreign-office at 10.15 am., Nov. 25, 185s - " ALEKNDRIA, Xovx=ime IS, 1857. "Intelligence per BentInck, which arrived at Suez yesterday from Calcatta:- "T he following iships, with troops, had arrived at Calcutta :-Steamahip Thebes (1), .tesmhip Golden Fleeceo (2), and steamship Caledonian (3). Pared ships Areta (4) and Bucephalus (5) at Sand Heads. " At Madras there were-steamship United Kingdom (6), steamnship Carthage (7), and ship AInwick Castle (8), on the 4th of November. " At Galle there had arrived, on the 23d, steam. ship Australian (9); 25th, steamship Robert Lowe (10) and steamship Candia (11); 29th, ship Whirlwind (12) and ship Susetta (13; 30th, steam ship John Bell (14) and ship William Hammond (15. Her Majesty's ship Simoom and steamship MAnr-' tius were there, to receive troops from sailing 'vesels; and Her Majesty's ship Adventure had sailed. " Reports are rife of threatening disturbances at Hyderabad, and critical position of the mutineers, Bundeelabs (9). " The steamer Caledonian ordered from Calcutta to Masulipatam, to land her troops there. " Havelock in the Residency of Lucknow with 1,500 men; 1,000 more, with sick and wounded, are at Alumbar, distant three miles: communication between the two diflicult. The enemy said to be in great force, and very strong in artllery. A convoy of provisions from Cawnpore had a&rried at Lucknow shortly after Its relief, escorted by 250 men, who, it is said, got in unmolested, in oongequence of the Sepoys being busily engaged intrench-. ing themselves. " R'inforcements being sent up with all speed from Calcutta. Detachments, amounting in all to 1,200 Europeans, were to have left Cawnpore for Lucknow on the 16th of October. The garrison at the latter place could easily force their way out, but the General does not wish to expose the women and children to furtber danger. " Nana Sahib is said to be near Bithoor again. Nothing was known at Calcutta of his reported capture by the Belooch Battalion. Maun Singh, heretofore our friend, has turned against us since the storming of Delhi was announced. Part of the 32d [51st ?] Native Infantry mutinied atDeesa [Dacca .], and murdered two of their officers; and the Maharajah of Oralius [Gwalior, or Oudeypore?] is re. ported to have been murdered by his own people. " C3lonel Greathed's column, consisting of Her Majesty's 8th Foot and 9th Lancers, two troops Horse Artillery, one line 4th Field Battery, five 12-inch mortars, two companies of Punjab Sappers, 2d and 4th Punjab Infantrv, 125 detachment of Punjab Cavalry, and 200 Hodson's Horse, about 3,C30 in all, In pursuit of Delhi fugitives, fell in with the enemy at Bolundshuhur, and after two hours' fighting routed them, with heavy loss of men, two guns, and ammunition. Our loss was 50 killed and wounded. " Malaghur was afterwards taken and blown up. Fought them again successfully 'at Allyghur, on the 5th; 400 of the enemy cut up, two guns taken. "The column reached Agra on the 14th. The enemy made a sudden and unexpected attack on cantonments, were repulsed, utterly dispersed, and pursuit continued up to the Kharee. Great numbers killed, 1,000; all the guns, 43; plunder, campcquipage, and five lams of treasure captured, witll smal loss on our side. " Some Delhi fugitives in the neighbourhood of Bithoor were attacked by Colonel Nelson, with a EmnaU force from Cawnpore, on the 1.8th, and driven out of the place, which was strong. " Cavalry much wanted everywhere, and transport animals. Two large ships In tow of steamerg had leen sent to Rangoon for elephants. A column under Brigadier Showers, 1,200 men and four gung, had marched 'through?] Bulubgurh in pursuit of rebels. "The faU of Delhi has a marked effect In Meerut and contiguous districts. " Revenue has [been?] brought in very rapidly, and loyalty was the order of the day. Comranderin-Chief had ordered that a standing camp of 2,000 men be instantly organized at Konugunge [Ranee Gunge ?]. "Peninsular and Oriental steamer may be expected ai Suez, to convey troops to Calcutta, on the 24th instant. Bentiuck met Pottinger and Hlindostan on the 12th, and Emeu on the 14th instr it. All well. " This message is forwarded from Malta by Admiral Lord Lyons at 11.15 a.m. on November 24, 1857, having justbeen received from Alexandria by British steamer Dutchman. "LYONS, Admiral and Commander-in.Chief. "Consul CRAIG. "Cagliari, Nov. 24, 9 p.m." The foUowing telegram was received at the Foreign-office on the 25th of November, 1857, at 10.40 a.m.:- " The Vectis, just arrived from Alexandria, briugs no further news than was communicated this morning by telegraph, except that Lucknow was (1) Thebeb, sailed July 31, with 209 troops of the 3Sth Regiment. (2) Golden Fleece, sailed Aug. 6, with 934 troops of the 34th and 42d Regiments. (3) Caledonia, saUed July 26, with 376 troops of the let Rsgtment. (4) Arets, saied June 18, with 214 troops of the East India Company. (5) Bucephalus, sailed July 1, with 223 troops of the 35th Regiment. (6) Unitk, d Kingdom, sailed Aug. 4, with 410 troops of the 38th and R3flo Brigade. (7) Carthago, sailed Aug. 1, with 220 troops of the 3Sth Reginent. (8) Alnwick Castlo, ailed July 23, with 422 troops of the 19th Reglment. (9) Australian, sailed Aug. 15, with 306 troops of the 42d Regiment. (10) Robert Lowe, sailcd July 28, with 438 troops of tho Ist Regimont. (U) Candi, sailed Aug. 15, with 672 troops of the 19th, 20th, 34th, and 97th Regiments. (12) Whirlwind, sailed July 30, with 353 troops of the l9th and 42d Regiments. (13) Susetta, date of sailing not known. (14) John BelL sied Aug. 6, with 406 troops of the 38th and 60th Regiments. (15) William Hammond, sailed July 23, with 238 troops of the 29th, 63d, and 60th Regiments,
INDIAN MUTINY BELIEF FUND. ----- -o- TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As very numerous applications are now being made to me, as president of the fund, for information as to the amount it has reached and the progress which has been made in its distributlon, I request that you wil give publicity to the following statement, which It may be satis. factory to the public to receive ?- FUND FOR TUIE RELIEF OF ThEB SUFFE1RZDlS BY TICE MUTUSYI LIZDrA. RECEaFTS £. s. d- 1857, Nov. 24.-The sabscriptions already received amount, as nearly as can be ascertained from the summation of the list advertised, to ... ... ... 280V749 5 2l To balance brought down ... .. 2 EXPENDITURE. Nov. 24. Remittances to India- Aug. 26. To Calcutta ... ... ... Sept. 10. To Calcutta ... .. .. Oct. 9. To Lawronce AsYlum at Kusowdee Ps To Calcutta Oct. 16. To Calcutta .. ... 28. To Agra ... ... ... ... To Lucknow ... ... ... To Bombay ... ... ... Total ... In addition to these sums actually remitted power has been sent to the authorities to draw bllls as follows:- Sept. 26. To Calcutta ... ... £10,000 To Bombay ... ... 3,000 To Sir J. Lawrence at Laho:a ... ... ,000 £19,000 Expended in this country in relief:- L Loans ... ... £1,085 0 0 2. Donations ... ... 1,793 9 7 Salaries to this date .. Advertisements... .. Miscellaneous expenses Balance . ... 19,617 8 1i s. d. 2,083 6 8 8,333 6 8 1,000 0 0 10,000 0 0 10,275 16 4 10,357 0 0 5,178 10 0 7,249 14 1 54,477 13 9 2,87 9 7 ... ... .. 167 6 7 ... ... ... 3,098 0 1 ... ... ... 510 7 7 ... ... ... 219,617 8 I l £280.749 5 S By Exchequer-bills ... ... - ... 172,424 19 2 3By Bank of England balance on current account ... . - ... ... 12,921 1 6 By undue bills at the Bank of England, sub. scriptions at other bankers, and remaining uppaid ... ... ... ... 34,271 7 51 £219,617 8 11 In addition to the above the sum of 5,0001. has been ordered to be sent out by the next mail steamer, addressed to the Governor-General of India, to be transmitted to Delhi for the relief of the safferers in the various stations of that territory. The audit of the accounts of the fund up to the present time is in steady progress, and as soon a it shall have been completed a full financalI statement will be forthwith advertised,and will as the distribution of the fund prooeeds, be periodically furnished to the public. T nn X;nn. -- lIAnn- --rv.n- THOMAS Q. FINNIS, Preddent 27, Cannon-street, City.
THmc, TE DETECVE OFFTcER.-Yesterday afterncon IMr. Hodson, tho superintendent of the City Police, hadea to the Lord Mayor the folowing oerficate which had been liven after a medical consultation upon the case of Thain, who wms shot byr a Bavarian, named Christlan Sattler, off LoweStoft on Sunday last:- 1Ibe?eb7OFth&athbooT6, Guy'iL->s HoopIts] No. i ts]. that the ound InIC2 Is of .o severero W nataue tat h condi. thOU Ii Pr carlput thAt a all hingconsitdered, le Isw net ". K. Ki oDouo= HXou Sugeon."
I MONBY-MARKBJTandCITYINTELLIGENCE. 1 WednTedny dt alnpn The English :ds opened thi£ morning at ' fPr I ther advance of an t. Xth, and were -well maintained throughout the day. The first tranHctions in Consols for money were at 90 to i, and they subsequently touched 90*. The announcement of new failures then caused a relapse, and for a short time there were sellers at 90 ; but the news from Calcutta of the succesful pursuit of the fugitive mutineers, the arnival of about 5,000 men from England, the restoration of confidence among the natives, and the aatisfactoxr progreJs of the revenue collections gave fresh strength to the market, and the latest prices were again 90 to J for money, and 90i to J for the 7th of December. Steady purchases are still made by the public, and some of the Irish banks are reinvesting a portion of the sums lately withdrawn to provide against a run. Bank Stock left! off at 213 to 215; Reduced, 88k to 89i ; New Three per Cents., 89 to i; India Stock, 214 to 216; India Bonds, 40s. to 30s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 10s. to 5a. dicount. Loans in the Stock-Exchange were obtainable to. day on Government securities at from 4 to 6 per cent., according to the term. At the Bank of England and the discount-market there has been a further subsidence of pressure. It is understood that last evening the issues of the Bank of England had returned to a point within the limits authorized by the Act of 1844. A fair amount of business has been trasacted in foreign stocks, and the market generally shows little alteration. A further light advance took place in Turkisb. Brafillan Four-and-a-Half per Cents. were negotiated at 97; ChIilan Six per Cents., 101 ; Danish Five perCents., 100; Mexican, 18i ; Portuguese, 42i and 431; Russian Five per Cents., 106; Sardinian, 89i and 88i; Spanish, 40E and i; for the account, 41; ditto, New Deferred, for the account, 25; Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, S7k, 88, and 87i ; ditto, Four p3r Cents. Guaranteed, 97i; for the .account, 9Z#; and Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 95. The corn-market this morning was steady at the rates of Monday. The final quotation of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this eveninz was 67f. 15c. for money and account, showing an improvement of an eighth. Another large provincial joint-stock bank has stopped. The draughts of the Northumberland and Durham District Bank were returned this morning by their London agents, an application to the Bank of England for assistance on behalf of the establishment having been yesterday declined. Their paidup capital is 652,8911., and there was professedly a reserve fund of 90,8741. The liabilities are thought to be very great-probably not much less than three millions-and the general opinion as to the character of their assets is far from favourable. They are understood to have made enormous advances on collieries and ironworks, and at the time of the faiture of Messrs. Carr Brothers at Newcastle in Aug ast last for 720,0001. they appeared as large creditors on that estate, the claim being secured by a mortgage of extensive coal mines. The head office is at Newcastle, and there are branches at Alnwick, Berwick, Hexham, Morpeth, North and South Shields, Sunderland, and Durham. The concern has been in existence 21 years, and at the date of the last return the number of shareholders was 408. Terrible distrees is likely to be felt throughout the entire district and among all classes. The average weekly amount paid for wages alo-ae through this bank is stated to h9ve been about 35,0001., and it is feared that by the catastrophe several thouesnd persons will be thrown out of work. The Bank of England have a branch at Newcastle, and every effort will be made by them, and also by other institutions, to mitigate the evil in this respect as far as posslble. The bank was formerly a bank of issue, but of late it has adopted the circulation of the Bank of England. In London this morning the suspension was announced of Messrs. Rehder and Boldemann, a young but respectable house in the German trade. It Is thought their liabilities may be about 100,0001. Annexed is the circular issued:- " 14, London-street, Nov. 25. "Gentlemen,-It is with extremo regret we have to inform you that, in consequence of the failure of many houses upon whom we hold bills, we are compelled ts suspend our payments. "We have placed our books in the hands of Messrs. Qoilter, Ball, and Co., who vwil prepare a statement of our affairs, and lNy the same before our creditors at the earliest opportunity. We are, gentlemen, your obedient servants, REUDER AND BOLDEMANN." It is stated that Messrs. J. R. Thomson and Co., Cape merchants, who suspended on Friday last with liabilities for 200,0001. or 300,0001., have obtained aasistance from the Bank of England, and that they will resume business to-morrow or next day. At the time of their stoppage it was understood that their assets, although not immediately at hand, were sufficient to promise a surplus of 200,0001. Are the trading classes of England unsound to the core? A few weeks back, in relation to the case of Sadgrove and Ragg, and the subsequent development of similar practices among firms with some pretence to mercantile standing, it was contended that the non-punisament of such iniquities was to be attributed rather to defects in the machinery of the law than to any general laxity of opinion. An influential weekly journal doubted if that view were not too favourable, and from the daily records now presented its incredulity would seem to have been well founded. No sign of healthy and independent feeling comes from any quarter. The Liverpaol Borough Bank has between 300 and 400 share. holders, the Western of Scotland 1,300, and the Staffordshire and Wolverhampton 200, while the number of creditors in each instance is proportionately extensive. But in certain respects they seem all to be in harmony,-namely, that the directors shall receive every mark of consilderation or even of gratitude; that there shall be no attempt to displace them, so as to prevent concealment of misconduct; that all efforts towards resuscitation shall be under their auspices and with a view to intrusting them with renewed power; that there shall be nothing like a rigid examination of accounts; and that, instead of any lesson being drawn from experience, there shall be a general agreement to " say nothing of the past" and to spread au impression that what has happened is a great public calamity, for which, as if it were an earthquake, no one is in any way responsible. At Liverpool it is put forward evidently as a great merit that none of the directors had recently sold any of their share3 in the market. At Wolverhampton the fact of their being ready to subscribe 100,0001. towards a new capital, after having jeopardized more than half-a. million of the old, is cited as an example of "liberality"vworthy of all fame, and at Glasgow their whole conduct is represented like that of a band of patriots struggling In some national cause against base and envious ealumniators. It will be said the shareholders and creditors, as the suffering parties, can, at all events, have no motive for their course, except from the promDtings of kindness; but this is not the case, and even if it were it would be no excuse. Let people fulfil their duty to society, and then be as generous as they please. There is no generosity, however, in the affair. The impelling thought is-" If by a general manifestation of confidence the public can be persuaded there has been nothing really wrong, we, the shareholders, Shall get a chance of a new career, in which, by a renewal of the old manau- ha . ., high dividends may again be distributed (no matter at whosm ultimate cost), and we, the creditors, shall get paid much more expeditiously than under the Winding-up Act." Dlrectors, shareholders, and creditors, therefore, are enlisted in a common aim, and It is by this fact alone that the overacted unanimity at each meeting, and the cheers that follow every allusionto the " interests of thedistrict," the "proud display of public spirit," and the necessity for avoid. ing all " hostile feeling,"' are to be accounted for. The recommendation of the chairman, at tho last meeting of the Great Western Railway Company, that the shareholders should not condemn he nature of the management, unlems they wished to damage the price of its shares, is accepted as the ruling principle of action. But are the community at large to be blamed for this ? Unfortunately there is no fairer type of the public than that furnished by the constituency of our various joilt-stock establishments; and when, moreover, the views of these persons are supported by demonstrations such as that at Glasgow, representing the aristocratic dignity, the wealth, and morality of an entire country, there is little ground to flatter ourselves that we are looking merely upon exceptional tendencies, and that the great body of the people are in no danger of being misled. The only hope is that their apathy arises from their not having recognized the extent and character of the evil. Have they any accurate conception of the general history of a mismanaged joint-stock bank, and of the crime and misery it engenders ? Do they reflect that the embarrassment and panic created throngh the country, and the consigning a number of share. holders, including usuallya large proportion of women and hard-working professonal men, from a state of fancied independence to complete poverty whenever the final crash occurs, constitute only a subordinate part of the offence for which its directors are rasponsible? It is the demoralizing creer pursued through 8 or 10 years of "prosperity," bc3fore this consummation arrives, that works the deepest ruin. It is in calling into existence gangs of recldess speculators and fictitious bill drawers, and elevating them as examples of successful British enterprise, so as to discourage reliance upon the slow profits of honest Industry, that a poison Is infused which all the resolutions of all the dukes, landlords, and merchant princes in existenee could never afterwards eradicate. Each point of corruption thus created forms au ever-extending circle. Youths are brought up to fraud, and no instruments are too high or too low for the purposes in view. Turn to the Bankrupt^y reports In The Times of to-day. The first ease is that of Mr. Banes. He has been one of the acceptors for the Glasgow firms patronized bytheWestern Bank. His charge for the operation was 1 per cent., and in two years he earned in this way 6001. or 7001. He also employed other people to accept bills on their account. Two young women, shopkeepers at the West-end, and a Mr. Hopperton, of Oxford-street, were among the parties. The women gave their signatures as required, " probably without knowing the amount," and Mr. loppertox accepted in blank. The next case is that of Mr. Warwick, a London warehouseman. He was one of the acceptors for Monteith, of Glasgow, for whom the Western Bank are said to have discounted billsfor 400,0001. Then comes thatof MIr. R.J. Brown, of Newcastle. His business also was carried on by accommodation paper, and he appears to have relied on the Northumberland and Durham District Bank. According to the statement of the opposing creditors he was " a needy, reckless, and improvident trader, who went on as long as he could get assistance from the banking companies. to whom he was at the time of his stoppage under discount 200,0001." Here is the experience of a single morning in our law courts, and it may be believed that if the general transactions of all the recently suspended banks could be exposed, this would prove but an insignificant glimpse of a system which has been pursued for years to an extent that has eaten into the heart of British commerce. Our people will now have to decide through their representatives In Parliament whether it shaU be continued. It is fostered by the money-lending power in London. Relying uponthe ultimate liability of large bodies of infatuated shareholders, the discount houses supply these banks with unlimited means, looking not to the character of the bills sent uip, but simply to the searity afforded by the bank endorsement. They could not, however, pursue this course except in the conviction that at every period of pressure the Act of 1844 w1ll be suspended for their accommodation. When the banks they have been encouraglng break down, they would find themselves wlth a mas of temporarily inconvertible paper, which would cause their own stoppage unless they could force the Bank of England to give them relief. The point is, shall the currency law of the country be modified in order to insure that end, or shall it henceforth be made known that they must trust to no relaxlng power that the credit of the nation will never again be given to them to play with, and that in the next time of trial, unless they can support themselves, they must be prepared to fall along with others ? The Board of Trade returns for the past month were issued this morning, and still show an increase in the declared valuo of our exportations as com. pared with the corresponding month of last year, although of a more moderate kind than in preceding returns. The total augmentation Is 318,838M., and it has principally arisen in the large class of miscellaneous goods placed under the head of unen-w merated articles. Cotton and linen manufactures and silks are all on the adverse side. The falling off in the shipments to America and India has, of course, been very considerable, and as regards the former will be stiUl more apparent in the returns for the prcsent month. Probably for the next year or two the figures presented by these tables will be such as to allow of conclusions being drawn from them as to the real state of the trade of the cvuntry. During the past three or four years they have appeared to indicate extraordinary prosperity, and the inference has been that our transactions must have bsen profitable, or that they would not have been continued. No one was then awere that enormous shipments were being made month after month a' a loss by fraudulent firms, supportsd by the funds of joint-stock banks. The annexc i columns show the exact increase under each head of export during October months of the year has been 106,721 3811., showIng An increase of U,147,8251., or about 11 per ¢ent. The changes have occurred in the foUowmg manner.- hO1CMse Deeceu% JF ua y .0 ..3 .. , 3 319 FebMay h.1,587,293 ch ... ... D1,007,778 A rll ... ... 560,918 June...- ... 2,648,904 t *- *-- ... ... 30,247 July. ,,, 2,233,306 Se~~~~ber . .~ $85,513 852,203 October ..... . ... 318.838 Compared with the corresponding ten months of 55 the increase is 28,633,9441., or about 37 per cant. With regard to imported commodities, the reesurc of the period has been indicated by fallin off In the conumption of almost all articles of food and luxury. Tea shows a slight increase, but In coffee, cocoa, sugar, spirits, wine, fruits, spices, and tobac¢o there has been a considerable decrease. Subjoined are the quantities of provisions, &c., Imported and taken for home consumntinn -- A meeting of creditors of Mesrs. Naylor, Vickers, and Co., steel manufacturers and iron merchants, whose suspension was announced on the 5th inst., wan held yesterday at Sheffield,when it was resolved to accept payment in full in four instalments, with interest at the average Bank of England rate. Full confidence was expressed In the integrlty and abilities of the partners, and it was decided that no control should be exercised over them, but that they should be left with the free management of their affairs. In the accounts presented to the meeting the liabilities are stated to be 364,2871., and the assets 589,9341., showing a surplus of 225,6471., in addition to which the private estates of the firm are estimated at 30,0001. to 40,0001. The proposed dividend of the London Chariered Bank of Australia for the past half-year Is at the rate of 3 per cent., equivalent to 6 per cent. per annum. The amount paid into the treasury of the East Iudia Company for bills on India from the 10th to the 25th inst. is 4,4751. The Hamburg letters state that Messrs. Ullborg and Crener, who failed last week In the Swedish trade, have been assisted to the extent of nearly 100,0001. The shipments of specie to-day have been 20,0001. to Brazil in the Petropolis, aud about 10,0001. to New York in the Baltic.
WOLYJRHADfPTOQN ADD STAFFOSRD3FUI BANK. WOLVERHAMPTON, Nov. 25. The affairs of the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Bank are now assuminD an aspect which Is afording some hope to the inhabitants of the town and district that the crlsis between this time and Christmas will not be quite so severely and extensively felt as was feared. Since the meeting reported in Thc Times of yesterday there has been a pretty confluent expectation that ln some nine or ten days the bank v ll re.open. Late on Tuesday night the directors issued the follovnng notice: NOTICE. "WOLVEREAM-TON AND SrAYonnSnZn HANXMXO OOXPAesY. "The directors of th's company repec3trp y Inolm depodtors and other creditorm that a raemorandum caring out the terms of the resolutions pseod at the creditore meeting held this day les at the Bank for zlgaature; and that the arrangements for recommencing buidner winl he greatly facilitsted hy It3 being Bigned hy deporitora and creditorB as early &3 possible. "By order. 'WILLIAM THORNE, Solicitor "Nov. 24, 1157." to the Oompany. The deed up to the time of our parcel leaving was being pretty freely signed. There was a strong feeling in its avour in the town, and several persons largely interested in the bank are using their influence to obtain signa~ ores. The doors of the bank have now been cleared of the notices that have been upon them since the bank has stopped payment. It is expected that business will be resumed certainly with the new year. The Chamber of Commerce held a meeting this evening with the view of determining some steps whereby another bank might be established In the town, but they have adlourned for further consideration of the subject until the bank reopensi. The district wears a very gloomy aspect. Another failure was reported upon IChang to-day. It was that of T. Morris and Sons Their liabilities are set down at 40,0001.
13RISTOL SUGAR-MARKET, Wednesday, Nov. 25.- The sugar-market continues very depressed, and the transactions since our last report have been very limited. There Is some demand for refiners' produce, which sells at easy rates. The stock of ram Is quite exhausted. Tim EAST COAST or ScOTLAND.-During the last two days a heavy gale has been blowing along most of the east coast. It was little felt near Banff till about half-past 12 o'clock on Monday, when a strong wind set in from the E.N.E., blowing directly landward. About 2 o'clock a vessel, which turned out to be the Ophelia, of Banff, Captain Bannerman, was observed trying to mako towards Macduff Harbour. The Ophelia left Leith on Sunday morning, Captain Bannerman having s3me inte.n. tion of going to Newoastle. The wind, however, was so directly against him that he changed his resolution, and, the vessel being merely in ballast, resolved at once to go on to Banff. As the time vwiU show, he made a rapid run from Leith, and everything went well till he was off Troup-head, when the wind turned at once from the south-east to the east. In trying to turn, so as to avoid the effects of this change, the ballast shifted, the vessel became almost entirely unmanageable, and the staysail gave way. The topsail also was torn to ribbands. In this condition, the vessel being almost beyond control, Captain Bannerman did his best to make for Mac. duff Harbour, but, instead of reaching it, was driven ashore a considerable distance to leeward. The ehip was thrown aground a little to the westward of the entrance to Macduff Harbour, taking up a position along the side of the pier. Here the captain and crew were able to jump ashore when the waves were receding. All were fortunately saved, for which many here wil be grate. ful; the six men, with the exception of one who comes from Fraserhurgh, we understand, all belonglng to Banff. Had the Ophelia struck but about twice the length of herself further west she would, in all probability, have been dashed to pieces against a point of sharp jutting rocks, and life could only have been saved by a miracle. Where the vessel now is, she is rolling and tumbling considerably, the sea dashing against her sides. The amount of damage which will be sustained by this will depend, to a considerable extent, on the continuance or abatement of the storm. The Ophelia is an American built schoone', of 99 tO.ns register, and belongs to a number of gentlemen resident i Bauff H ow far their losses are vcvered by insurances we are not in a poeltion y ieutenant Woodham was promptly on the spot with the rocket apparatus; but, happily, the crew managed to get ashore without any assistance. The storm wil probably not blow over without producing other disasters at sea When Captain Bannerman w_s passing Troup-head he noticed a fishiug boat, schooner- ed, tossing about entirely bereft o: sails. He thought she t osibly manage to get into Gardens-town. Three macduff hg boats got into harbour shortly after the hurricane commenced, haiving, however, we understand, to leave their lines. When we went to prees there was little sign of the storm abating.-Banffshirc Journal of Tuesday. DEATH Or PRoFESSoB F CLENaG. - Profe3sor Fleming, an eminent Scottish naturalist, died at Edinburgh last week at an advanced age, He was for a series of years parish minlsr at F*, in Fifeshira, and in 1831 ws appointed to a professorship in Aberdeen Universty, vhich office he vacAted at the disruption in 1843, after whiah he was chosen Professor of Natural Philoeophy to the new (Free Church) Conege, Edinburgh. He was the author of several standar" works on zoology, chiefly wulitten while he filled his paroch cre. Hisfuneral too place at Edinburgh on Tuesday, his remains being follo21ed to the grave by th;e members of the Royal Physical Society, and the professors and students of the New College. He ws interred In the Dean Cemetery, closely adjacent to the gravre oi the lamented and distinguished Profeasor Edward Forbes, a brother naturalist, and who as out down in his pgm Q4 that day three years befero Dr, flwemng'sudeatb
IRBELAND. I (MOax OtM OWN OOUEZSPOXDrrT.) iJUBUr, WEDNESDAY MOiU ;. TIMS DELAsT GOVERNKr COMISSION. The Banner of U4er tates that the Governmnent report respecting the late comimmion of inquiry, which has been EO long expected, will be placed in the hands of the local authorities before the close of the present week. THu nLomir PAIwI. Letters from Donaghadee announce that, from the depremed state of the muslin trade, many hun. dreds of families have been totally thrown out of employment, and that great distress is anticipated during the approaching winter. One of the Dublin morning papers, commenting upon the late commercial crids, observes - " We can hardly be grateful enough for the high position our ownIreland holds. Here no banks have stopped pay. ment-nay, by wiy asisting trade, they are paying unheard-of dividends. No manufacturing establishments have failed, throwing out of employment numerous hands. The storm reached us and passed over, leaving us unscathed. Possibly, as we are deprived of the profits resulting from gigantio factories, so also are we free from their fluctutions. Probably the terrible lessons which our country learned at so fearful a price in former visitations wrought their effect, and we are wiser and better men. Thanks be to God our harvests were great. What trade we have is steady; our people have abundant work; the necessaries cf life ar cheap. We are informed that thousands of our peasantry who left our famine-strlcken land some years ago are threatening to return. Let them come, they wil be weloome. We shall find work here for all Glad, only too glad, shaUl we be if in the Westorn land they sought, and now fly from, they have learned industry and prudenoe." ENcUsMsBEED ESrTAEs COURT. Property to the amount of nearly 50,0001. was sold yesterday before Commisioner Longfield. The estates lay in the counties respectively of Mleath, .Xerry, and Tipperary. THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consol3, 88,; ditto, for account, December 8, 881 89; ditto, for new account, January 8, 58, 89: New Three per Cent. Stock, 88j; ditto, for account, December 8, 88i 89; Bank Stock, 234; City of Dubli Steampacket Company (1001. paid), 76 x. d.; MAining Company of Iraland (7 paid, 14ff 15. Railways.-Cork |and Bandon (501. paid), 8; Great Southern and Western Stock (1001.), 97k; ditto (paid in full), 171; Midland Great Western and Royal Canl (S.pxid),48 *Waterford andKiOLkenny, new, 6 per cent, preference (51. paid), 1; Waterford and Lilmerick (501. paId), 181.
HBE LATE MR. STAPFPOD. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-Will you grant me space for a few remarks on your article of Saturday last in reference to the late Mr. Stafford, in which the following pasaage occurs 9- "A quantity of landanum was also administered to alleviate the excessve pain. From that time he became gradually worse, and, though everything was done to relieve him from the deep sleep into which he had fallen, it was useless. Mr. Stafford died on Sunday last, and the ch.nm-m st%ncr-% of his death made it necesary to hold a coroner's Inquvit. The result has been to acquit the medical man, Dr. Griffin, of blame and to establish that Mr. StLfford died from natural cauces, though there cannot be a doubt that the opiates administered were unpreecdentedly large in quantity, and might, without an exces- of suspicion, be thought to have been fatal to the patient." The first part of this statement seems to have been founded upon an assertion made by his servant, that from the time of the administration of the laudanum " he was always nedding asleep and snoring up to the time of his death." There were many facts not brought out at the inquest, as the public and the profession shall see clearly yet, which might have been brought out had I been disposed to place myself in the position of the defendant before any charge was established against me; but this statement of tne servant is so wholly felse that I am anxious the public should be no further misled by it. The fact Is that on Friday morning-the narcotism from the opiate having passed off entirely the evening before-Mr. Stafford, though weak, looked on himself as convalescent, and only requiring a little time, He insisted on getting out of bed on Saturday against my strongest remonstrances, came down to the drawing-room, and spent the day there, read the papers, saw such of his friends and acquaintances as came to visit him, ate some wild fowl each day for his dinner, and on 'Tuesday at Cruise's Hotel, the eve of his departure for Dublin, ate as hearty a dinner as could be wished, aDd drank some porter. It was from this period forward he decidedly fell off, and the exhausting effect of the journey to Dnblin-a journey undertaken on his own inflexible determination-had a good deal to do with the rapid and melancholy course his disorder took subsequently. A.s to the second statement, that " there cannot be a doubt that the oplates administered were unprecedentedly large In quantity," I maintain boldly that they were not so. I say, without fear of contradiction, that they were justified by the circumstances; that as large and far larger, doses are safely given every day in the pro' fession under a similar state of symptoms; and that in thil case, even with the doses givan, the world would never have heard of narcotism at all if it was not for the state of Mr. Stafford's heart-a state undiscoverable at the time. I go further, and I say 'oldly and without fear, and I caU on the profe-sion to say if the assertion be not true, that when life is endangered by acute pain there is almost no limit to the endurance of this medicine by persons in severe suffering, if the pain be taken as a guide, and that it is excruciating and unendurable. I have had several communications from medical men since the inquest, directing my attention to records of cases in which they had given far larger quantities than any administered here, and with the most complete safety and advantage. Of these I shall only caU your attention to the following, which seems peculiarly apposite, though by no means the strongest of them, and you may judge of the feeling of the profession on this question of doses when I mention that I received the notice of it this mornipg from a gentlemaan in England with whom I have not the least acquaintance:- " But of aU the sedatives know to our art opium, when it does not from some peculiarity of system derange, is the most po ,verfuL "1 It is well known that daring the acute pain arising from the assage of gaUstones, or the similarly acute pain of a cr'culs passing down the ureter on either side, a great quartity of this medicine may be given without the smallest anger, tFe relief of pain showing the period for leaving off. " I have seen in a paroxysm of gallstones 300 drops of laudanum given in two hours without any effect except the relief of pUn. The patient drove and dined out on thenext day without suffering from headache, nausea, or any of the usual effects from this drug which would have occurred under other circumstances.'-Dr. S3ymour on Setrcc Diseases of tht Human Body, voL i., p. 249. T sDm- Sir -r7l ;A7 - --4 DANIEL GRIFFM. -,u VWUUL-b u QX IN DY. Zt.
ARaT MA1UFACTUu- X ExHIBmTION AT EDINBURGH.- Her Majesty has contributed towards the second exhibition of the Art Manufacture Association, now open at Edinburgh, a very interesting selection of articles, namely, the long jewelled sword and soimitar, the coat of chain mail and shiel of Ti oo Sablb, the jeweUed sabre of Holkar, and other valuabte Indian trophies, twelve swords, and other specimens of the armour of the 16th and 17th centuries, the buhl writing table of the Duke of Retz, and various other objects of much interest. The Duke of Portland exhibits his celebrated dejefiner service in blcu du roi Scvres, and numerous otter articles in old French china. The Duke of Hamilton sends some exquisite works in Limoges enamel and some bronzes on pedestals of lapis lazuli, &c. The ladke of Roxburgh displays several pieces of candelabra. TI he East India Company show about 70 different iUustrations of Indian art; and MIr Jobnstone, of Ala, exhibits a number of Indian jewels, including a gold bracelet with the portraits of the old King of Delhi and his ;ons, lately captured and shot, a gold necklace with miniature paintings of buildings in and around Delhi, a frontlet of jewels presented to him by the late Rajah of G valior, and a scim-tar the gift of the late King of Onde; while Dr. Leclde shows a wetaghan given him by the Kiing of Delhi. Cardinal Wisemnan exhibits here a number of statuettes, plaques, and jewveled crucifixes. M1r. Belasford Hope contrlbutes a great variety of ivories and enamels; and Mr. Napicr of Shandon, Mr. Stirling of Keir, and other eminent co]lectors and antiquarians, add to the exhibition many exquisite objects of ancient art. In aU the different depaments of modern art there is a most attractive, and in many cases an exceDent exhibition. In wood carving aud other branches of household decoration, there is a spirited competition be. tween the north and south; In jewelry there are very rich displays both by London and Edinburgh houses; in pottery and glass the Staffordshire and metropolitau firms make a most attractive appearance, many new desigus having been ot up seclry for this exhibition; in texto e fabrics there ea lisited but interesting display; whileof numerous other productions there are specimens showing great merit in aesign as wel as artstic manipulation. The exhibition is to remain open over the Christmas holydayas SALATT OF VrTRY CLrInS.-A return moved for by Mr. Dunoombe, M.P. for Finsbury, gives par. tlonlar of the salaries paid to the various vestry clerks of the metropolitan parishes under the new Metropolis loc Management Act. Those salrifes ran:fe from 10f. to 5o0 a-year. The latter amount is receive by the vestry clerks of St. Luke's, Old-street; St. Mary's, Newington Surrey) and t. anoas.Theclerk-s of St. Jameses, Wostminster, St. George's, Hanover-square; St. Mary, Lambeth; Mary. lebone, Paddington, and St. George'si In the East receive from4001. to 4501. each. One vestry clerk receives 6001 .,but Ie this cee ter re three "joint and separat parishea It 3s also proper to add that In most cases the salaries are tub. cit to deductions for slerks' salaries, &. lIa the case of St. Ncholas, Dseptford, no salary is received by the vestry Clerk, who is revmuerated by fees for his professional eer-
MILITABY A NAVAL INTELLI6EZG E. Yesterday a detachment of the Royal Maine Light Infantry, to the number of 124 non-oDmmissioned offioers and men, tnder the command of Captain T. P. Casey, with lieutenant F. Ley and Lieutenant H. C. Bowker, arrived At head-quarter, Chatham, from the Woolwich Dividon. A draught of the Royal Maine Artillexy, consistig of 20 non-oomrinAoned officera and men, also arrived at Chatham from Portsmouth for embaroation. Recruits, to the number of nearly 200 men, arrived at Chatham during yesterday and the previous day for the. purpoBe ofioining the Indian deptk atached to the three battalions at that garrison. Recruiting for the several Eat India regiments is still proceeding vigorously. The average num ber of recruits arriving at Chatham for some weeks past has been at the rate of about 400 per week, and iQ some weeks the number has been 700. About 100 skiled mechanics have also arrlved at the head-quarters of the Royal Sappers and Miners, Brompton Barracks, Chatham, for the purpose of joining that oorps; masons, smiths, carpenters, and other artisans being greatly required 200 men wrez sent from the divirional head-quarters of the Royal Marines at Gosport yesterday morning, under the command of Captaiu Grogan, with Lieutenant Nnrse. This removal is consequent on the sickness (low fever) prevailing at Forton Barracks. For the lkst fortnight about 10 men daily have boen sent to Hnaslar HospitaL MajorGeneral Wesley, Deputy Adjutant-General of the Royal Marine force, vlsited Gosport on Tuesday to inquire into the causes of the epidemic, and the medical staff of asTar Hospital are also investigating the matter. It is reported that the whole of the officers and men will have to be removed from Forton for a time, should the sickness continue. The court-martil on Lieutenant Burnaby, of Her Majesty's Yhip Juno, reassembled yesterday morning at 9 o'clock on board the St. Vimcent, in Portsmouth Harbour, to deliberate upon the finding. The Court remaiaedeleared about three hours, at the expiration of which time it wa, reopened, and the Judge-Advocate recapitulated the charges:- " L For having, on the 27th of March, 1856, behaved himself with contempt towards Captain S. C. Fremantle, his commanding officer, by performing an impertinent and provoking action after reeeiving from his commanding officer instructions relptive to certain visitors then on board the sali ship, and by procrastinating the departure of the said visitors, he having been previously warned and perfectly aware of his commanding officer's anxiety to have the ship cleared of strangers aud prepared for the duties of the following morning. " 2. For having, on or about the 2d of June, 1856, bebaved himself with disrespect towarda his commanding officer by going iato his cabin with a frivolous grievance, and attempting to enter into altercation with and to criticize the oonduct of his commanding officer in a maanner unbecoming a junior officer, with reference to a pdnted handkerchief, and to his own dutieg as senior lieutenant of the ship. "h3. For having, on or about the Uth of January, 1857, behaved in a manner unbecoming the character of an officer by breaking his parole, " 4. For having, on or about the 15th of January, 1857, acted In violation of the general printed instructiors and the custom of the service by forwarding to his commandinr officer a remonstrance upon unjustifiable grounds, addressed to the Commander-in-Chief, iu a covering letter unnecessari'y hasty and dictatoriaL" The Judge Advocate continmed-" The Courthavingheard the evidence in support of the charges, and what the prisoner had to offer in defence, is of opinion that the first, second, and third charges have not keen proved against the sald Lieutenant Hugo Beaumont Burnaby, and that the fourth chage has also not been proved against him, as he had made two applications for leave on two suceessive days through the regular channel, the senior officer doing duty on board the Juno, previouslyto forwarding his letter to the Commander-in-Chief under a proper covering lotter to his captain. The Court acquits the prisoner, and further expresses its opinion that the evidence before it does not show sufficient grounds for preferring such charges against the said Lieutenant, some of which are of so serious a nature." It is impossible to describe the satisfaction the result created in and out of court. These trials, two of which have come to nothing, and the first only to a reprimand, on officers who have long been imprisoned in their cabins, as it were, and suspended from all duty and nearly from intercourse with their messmates, are a scandal to the navy; but it is questionable whether the captain, who is so powerfully connected, will receive any censure from the Admiralty, notwithstanding the opinion of his conduct expressed attho end of the finding. The screw steam transport Ieopold, for Kuirachee, with Captain Bayly's and Major Grant's companies of Royal Artillery, havng also embarked a detachment of the 94th Regiment of the line, sailed yesterday morning from Woolwich pier, and will call at Portsmouth to receive Major Singleton's V field battery No. 1 of the 6th Battalion Royal Artillery. Lieutenant-Colonel Montressor also embarked from Woolwich In command of the entire body, and was accompanied by Captain and Adjutant Hlggin aAnd Lieutenant Newl:3t, as Staff officers. By general order from the Horse Guards, received yesterday at Woolwich, all officers of the garrison are invited to attend the funeral of the Rev. Sandford Connor, late assistant militry chaplain to the Royrl Artillery, whose sudden death occurred on Sunday last. The funeral Is direct5d to take place at 2 o'clock on Friday next. The funeral party ordered to attend will be composed of 1 captain, 1 subaltern, and 100 rank and file from each corps in garrison, -viz, the Royal Artillery, haines, Oxford and East Kent Militia, Military Train, &c.-total 600 men. Captain Gwyn, Lieutenant Seymour, 3 sergeants, 3 corporals, and 124 rank and file, belonging to the Portsmouth Division of Royal Marine Light Infantry, arrived yesterday morning at Woolwich, their removal having been ordered on medical report,-namely, the present unhealthy state of the barracks at Portsmouth. 3 officers, 2 sergeants, 2 corporals, 2 drummers, and 118 rank and file of the Royal Marines, left Woolwich yesterday morning for Cbatham to join Her MaesWs screw steamship Renown, 91, about to form one of the Chlannel squadron. Captain Green's 4th company 2d battalion Royal ArtiUery arrived at Woolwich yestsrday morning from Devonport. The company has been reduced to less than half its allotted number, and arrived at head. quarters about 50 stror,. Major Strange's field battery marched into garrison yesterday from Aldershott, and Major Newton's company, 1st battalion, also errived on Tuesday from Dover. Captain Woolsey's compa-ly moved yesterday from Tilbury Fort to Sheerness, Captrin Pigou'5 field battery from Woolwich to Christchurch, and Captain Vesef's company from Northfleet to Aldershott. Staff-Sergeant James Grils, Royal ArtiUery, Woolwich, has been announced in general orders as having been appointed Quartermaster in the Forfar and Kincardine Mi. litia; and Field Adjutant and Captain Boultbee, Roj al Artillery, as having resigned his commission and retired from Her Majesty's service. The foUowing appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant J. S. Graham, to the Renown; Lieutenant A. J. Day and Lieutenant Thomas Barnardiston, to the Cu. 12a9o; .ieutenant G. D. Fitz;zroy, additional, to the Vesu. vus; Stanhope G. Price, Mate, to the ExceUent; John Jouis Hope, Mate, to the Triton, confirmed; John G. Whiffin, Paymaster, to the CuraVoa;* W.: . Martin, Clerk, to the Curaoa;* and John F. Rule, Assistant-Clerk, to the St. Vincent. MLITIA. On Tuesday morning 35 officers and 572 men of the Shropshire Regiment of Mitia arrived at the North Wall, Dublin, in the steamvessels Prince and Trafalgar. The debarcation was effected with the greatest order. and the men at once proceeded to quarters at Richmond barracks. At half-past 2 o'clock p.m on Tuesday 24 officers and 705 men of the Royal Antrim Rifles proceeded from the Royal Barracks, Dublin, where they had arrived a few hours previously from the Curragh CZap, to the North Wall, and embarked on board the Prince and Trafalgar, which had been chartered to convey them to Dover Castle. The Antrim Mllitia arrived at Liverpool yesterday, and the North Glocestershire Militia sailed from Liver. pool for Dablin in the evening.
WonRenG MzIiS CHRJSTiLN UNxOx.-The annual meeting of this assocation took plaue last night in the Spa. fields Lecture-ha4l, Exiouth.street, Clerkenwell, Mr. Hanbary, L., in the chir. Addresses were delivered by the chairnan, the Rev. Dr. Welx, and other gentlemen, and the secretary read a report from the committee of mansgement. It appears that the assocdatlon was estblished about 12 3ronths ago for the pmotion of religious and mental Improvement among wor ing men The meas by which the memberb propose to effect that objeet are Bible classes and devotional meetings, classe for mutual improvement, lectures, and & readiog-room and llbrag. The opsrations of the association alo embrace the distribution of tracts. One grand feAturo of the movenent is that It was begun and is carried on by working men, aud, although tne Earl of Shaftesbury, the Earl of Chichester, Sir 1. N. Buxton, ALP., and other distinguished pereonages were stated to be patrons of the institution, it did not appear that they took any part in its management. At present the association i a purely local one, being con. fined to Clerkenwoll; but, as was stated by the chairman, hopes are entertained that in course of time its opetlons mra extend over the whole motropolW or, at all events, that it may lead to tho establishment of sMilar societies ia the different metropolitan districts. Hitherto it has beert attended with marLed succes. The Bible el5asse and devotional meetings have drawn together a oonsiderable num. ber of working men; the lsetures have been exocedlingl popoasr, hile the cls for instruction In writingan arithmetic has proved Incresingly attratve. The fandia of the association are in a good condition, but the 3ibrary is g~f ery smnall, and psrhapm the movement conl4 not be assisted In a more effective manner thac by doOtIona o£ books,
LAW 7REPOBT. COURT OF CEANCERY. LncoLN's-flz. Nwv 9K RE RUSSELL'S PATENT. (Bejore the &OP;D UH"LACELLOR.) In this case It will be recollected that the Lord ChanceUor onD Saturday week decided that hfr. Russell's (the cetitioner's) letters patent for an Improved method in making metal tubes were to be held In trust jointly for hin and the respondent5 Br. Muntzs, and ordajed the matter to standover to enable the petitioner to prepare a deed to give effeot to hii Lordship's Judgiment. Mr. Malins and cir. W. R A.. Boyle, for the petitioner, now proposed the heads of the deed for the approval of the Court. Mr. J. N. HIGGL;S, for Mr. Munt2, objected to one of the olauses, which proposed that each of the cestuique trusts should be at liberty to work the patent on his own aocount. The LORD CHANCELLOR ordered the matter again to stand over for a few days to enable the counsel on both sides to confer upon the terms of the deed, and also directed that a clause which proposed that any difference betwreen the parties should be referred to the Court should be struck out, and in lien thereof a clause inserted constituting the trustee as the arbitrator 'cetweent his cestutique trusts, ln the same way as was done by this Court inthecaseof " Bewlay v. Hancock" about a year ago. DEMPSE'R Y. GRAHAM. The arguments in this part-heard appeal from a deoree of the hlaster of the Rolls were then brought to a close. The question, one of no public interest, related to the sale of certain book debts and the goodwiU of a draper's business at Soutampton. -Mr. R. Palmer and 31r. Speed were for the appellant; Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Beavan supported the decree. The LoRD CHAxCELLOR, in giving judgment, said ho entirely agreed with the Master of the RoUlls in his view of the law upon the subject, but differed from him as to the inference to he drawn from the evidence, and thereforo the appeal must be allowed. RASN1FBELD V. RA1DSIRLD. This was an appeal from a deoree of Vice.ChanceUor Xindersiey. Willibam Itandfield, of Harwvich, shbpowner, by his wllU, dated February 14, 1844, gate all his real estate by description to his son William Cas Randfield when be attinhed 21, subject to an annuity and specific gifts to his widowr. Then followved a gift of personalty by description to his said son *-" But should the hand of death fall on his widow and son, and he leave no other son and issue, if he (the son) left a widow she should have an zanuity of I,. out of the testator's real estate, the residue to be divided equally,after paying legacies.between certain partie named, they psying aU the testator's son's just debts, funeral expsee, and demands, or his wife's, should she be the longest lrver.e The son attained 21, and died leaving a widow, and the biU ralsed the question what estate the son took and what estate was given over. The Vice-Chancellor held that there ws an absolute gift of realty to the son at 21, and of the personalty at the death of the testator, and that the gift over s void for uncertainty. From this decision the p,erons interested in the gift over appealed. Mr. Glasse and Lr. Dickmson wvere for the appellants; Ir. aly and Sbebbeare for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Swan. ss d Mr. i;av for the widow. The Lo.r' CnkN-cruou postponed judgment. This was the l1st day of term. pr.;i4v At LoRnS Jrescss or A.rz;4L.) Tis cm,* the fcll details of which were reported in Te Tsms.g of the Sth of Noveinber. was placed in the paper for cinment The question wass a important one to trstees os the qes-tion of oasts. A fatber and son entitled between them to certain trust funds agreed to have the whole fund reiesed from the trust szrd transferred to them. The son was 22 years of a-e but the trustees knew that the matter had bean arnged between the father and Pon before the sor. was of age. &bd therefore deiclined compliance without the opinion of tbe Court. The ice-Cbancellor Stuart ordered the transfer, but directed the father and son to pay the coos. .r. Mlalins and Mr. B. L Chapman appeard for the unrellants: Mir. Bacon and Mr. Wickens for the trustees Lord . ustace Tr, LnE said he had the misfortune to differ from his learned brothe- in opinion In this case, and he should therefore state his reasons for thinking that the decree of Si- J oho Stuart was correct. This Court watched with nealousy all dealings between parent tad child, more esreclally vhere those dealings take place sbortly after the childi atans maimrity. and stUIl more especially if those dealigs had their mncentio2 before maiority ws attained, and *- his '_rd .Tustice T5urnerss opinrion dangerous conse- csuences might arise if the Court did not support trustees Dn, exercisg the same jealousv. Of course, it must first be ascertained that the trustees had no corrupt motives, but wher tths wsa ascertained the Court ought to support them, and not punish them.. Ie had attentivelv considered the t*ransfer ir question. The effect of it was to give up the whole control over the property to the father, It might be wimse and prudent that this should be the case, or it might be the contrary In the present case he thought that it was wise and pru dent, but it was a very different question whether the trustees ought to be deprived of their costs if they were smspicious of the transaction. Before the son came of age the father was alarmed at his son's extravagance, and he stated to one of the trustees that he thought a son ought to be dependent upon his father. From an attentive consideration of the evidence his Lordship was satisfied tha'. this conversation took place, and was not denied. in February. 18Ki6, three months before the son attained his majority, thefather wrote to his trnstees proposing that the larger of the mortgages should be transferred into the name of the father and son only. His Lordshir then read the letter, and proceeded to observe that he futher found on the very day before the son attained 21 application was made to the trustees for the transfer of both mortgages Into the joint nanies of the father and son, and that the son had ever since been liv with a gentleman who was tbe solicitor of himself and bis father. U nder these circumstances it appeared to him clear that if the case rested there the trustees would have been justified in refusing to tranLsfer the funds without the sanction of the Court. There was also another reason, The father's power of appointment extended to remoter issue. Suppose he should again become dimsatisfied with the son's conduct. and apDoiut the fund to the son's issue, uight not the children at some futtre time dis ute the appointment to the son it appeared to him (the lord Justice that the transaction ' as not free from risk; it xmight be that the risk was small, but the trustees were entitled to protection against all risk. It was, however, said that counsel's opinion had been taken by the trustees, aad that he had advised them that they muight safely trausfer the funds on certain conditions and that those conditious had been complied with. i.Is Lordship then read the opinion of Mr. ltonndell Palmer, and proeeeded to say that, with all respect for the opinioJ of the very emineLt couxsel (and there was no more eminent counsel at the bar,. he thought the conditions fell short of full security to the trustees, they were entitled not oaly to have these things done, bht that evidence slonid be preserved of their having been done. 'This could not ie witbout a Stuit. lie was therefore of opinion that the decree was right, but as his learned brother difred f ro i hin, the appeal must be dis- t issed without costsL. ILerd J ustice K ! ,ri BjI}re E said that the defendants, tLe trustees, before the bill was filed, were apprised of facts which, in his Lordbbhi,' opinon, rendered it perfectly safe for then to imake the required aasignment of the mort"tges, and he u',nzidered that they ought to have done bo without a suit. They migbt not have had wrong motives for their refusal, but he could not say that he was convinced that their cozduct had not rendered them liabie to the charge of being cautious overmueb. If, therefore his Lordship had heard the cause in the first instance, h- should probably have refused them their costs, even If ha had not mnade theni pay the costs of the plaintiffs. But his learned bro'her was of a contrary opinion, and the decree nmut therefore stand; but he did not think the trustees were entitled to any costs of the appeal. 1,AWS0: V. PRINCE. Thls was an appeal, part heard yesterday, from a decree of the Mhaster of the Rolls granting a perpetual injunction against the prosecution of an action at law. A lady now namned Alrs. Charlotte Dawson in 1854 was about to be m ar. ried to Mr. Dawson, both parties being then resident in Australia. A settlement was executed of 2,0001., the in. tended wife's fortune, securing to her a life interest for her separate use, with various trusts over. The marriage took place, and in May, 1856, the husband and wife returned to ngla,ud. Mr. Dawson was in the habit of having his Australian letters directed to the care of Mlessrs. Prince and Co., outfitters in Leadenhall.street. Some timne in August last Mr. Dawvson called on Mr. Prince, and there being then a letter directed to him, but having his wife's name written In the corner of the envelope, he took it, and, opening it, found inside a bill for 1961., drawn in favour of " zirs. Charlotte Dawson" on the Bank of Australia. This bUIl Mr. Dawson asked Mr. Prince to discount or get it discounted. This the latter agreed to do as an act of kindness, and took the bill endorsed by Mr. Dawson and also endorsed with the name of "Charlotte Dawson," which he represented was written by her, and after it had been accepted uy the bank, repaired to Messrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co., who declined to discount unless Mr. Prince endorsed the bill, which he accordingly did. Soon after Mr. Dawson received the money and left England, having wholy deserted his wife. When Mrs. Dawson became acu.ainted with the fact of part of her sepazate estate havinz been thus made use of, she remonstrated. The Australaslan Bank, when informed of the allegedfacts, refusedto pay the bhll whereupon Mr. Prince paid it, and brought his aotion against the bank. The bill was filed, asserting that the name of Mrs. Djawsonendorsed onitwasasforgery, andpraying that Mr. Prince might be restrained from his action. Mr. DawEon and the Bank were defendants to the suit. The Master of the Rolls granted the injunction, and said that this was an unfortunate case in which one of two innocent persons must suffer. M1r. Prince had acted with perfect bown.fues, nor was any negligence to be imputed to him; but the fast that the bill was made payable to a married woman, which was known to him, was sufficent to fix him with notice that itrelated to her separate estate. Her signature turning out not to be genuine, Prince raast bear the loSs. His Honour observed that the evidence sbowed that such a bill wouldnot in practice be negotiable without tho wife's signature, although in a court of law the endoraement of the husbaud might be held tufficlent to paxss the title. The decree therefore would be for a perpetual Inijunction to restrain Prince from proceeding at lsw or parting with the bill, an order on the bank to pay the money to M rg . Dawxon on her sole receipt, and an order O the husband to bringthe amonn ntinto courtwhen he should come within tho jtrisdiction. The counsel for the defendants who appealod) aaked to have le2ve to examine witnees to show rtat the ignature of "Charlotte Dawson" on the bill was In the hand-writing of thAt lady. This the Lord Jusices declined to do until after the full dicusision of the ese had taken place. M,r. SsKrzp and M r.VILLIrgPM, for the plantilT, supported the decison of the Master of the Polls, Mr. Yollett and Mr. C,, T. Simpson were for the appoal; Mr. Cto n !ype%red for the Anutralasian Bank. Afterthe desinseoib h1 l proceeded to a conIMIdorable length, t06 Court Weed to have the examination of Mrs, Dawson W4 v e, though It was not to bg drawn into a proeedent, and also to have the affidavits on the appellnt's side read, though under the same qualification. The lady was examined, but adhered to her statement that the writing on the bill was not hern. Experts in hand-writing swore that they positively believed the writing on the bill was made by the same person who signed the marriage settlement. These witnesses describe4 themselves as " fac-similists." The whole gist of the argument 'was that Mr. Prince had had sufficient notice that the bill related to Mrs. Dawson's separate estate-a proposition supprted by Mr. Speed and Mr. Villiers, while Mr. Follett and Mr. C. T. Simpson in. slsted that the authorities showed that the fact of a bil being made payable to a mairied woman was no presumption thar it related to her separate estate, and that, moreover, that It was no such a circumstance as made it incumbent upon Mr. Print e to leake inquiry upon the point. It was admitted thattheb legdal title to the biU passed by the endorsement of Their LoRDsni's said that the case had been most ably and fuly argued, and that they would reserve their judgmnent.
VICE-CEANCELLORS' COJlRTS. Nrv. 7i rAIRTINGTON V. BEYNOLDS. (Beforc Vicc.ChancdUor Sr R. T. INDSLEY.1 '1lBS was a motion to enlarge the time for discharging the certificate of the chief clerk, which had been signed under these circumstances:-It will be recollected that in this suit the Crown had taken possession of a fund representing the property of a ladv named Shard who died at Bath many years ago. Since that period severai parties had claimed an interest in her estate, and considerable sums had been handed over. The claim of the plaintiff was fully investigated ith s court, and after elaborate arguments and judgment reserved, his Honour thought that some relationship did exist in the instance of the plaintiff, and the matter was taken back into chambers. Before the Chief Clerk's certificate was signed, another claimant named Isabel Edgar, a married woman, put in a claim, which was at once decided to be untenable upon her own showing of the pedigree. The certificate had been signed, but it was now said that further evidence sup. porting the olaim could be obtained, and hence the present motion was made, asking the enlargement of tbe time unti the 7th of December that administration might be taken out to a party named John Rutherford who died in 1732 in the county of Antrim, in Ireland, tLrough whom Isabel Edgar claimed. Mr. Massom Meekins appeared in support of the motion; Mr. Baily, for the plaintiff, opposed It; and Mr. Wickens appeared for the Crown. The VICE-CGIANCELLOR said that he was very much disposed to grant the applcation * the only difficulty being that this might be the parent of various others of a like kind, all of which wvould be at the applicant's expense, and therefore it was a question whether a petition would not be the best course. But this lady was a married woman,and, asfno undertaking was given as to costs, the motion must bo re used. 1VELESLEY V. I5ORNINGTON. This case was mentioned to the Court upon the minutes, which were discussed substantially on a former occasion. The chief matters now brought forward related to the deal. lug with the Irish estates and the mode of bringing in the Receirer's Acconnts. Mr. BaUy, Mr. Glasse, Mr. Nalder, Mr. Freeling, Mr. Druce, and Mr. G. ML Giffard appeared for the several parties. LORD V. COLVIN. Mr. A.Si1ERsOS occupied the remainder of the day in continuation of the arguments in this case, which is still opening. (B(form PW-Mancdlor Sir J. STuART and .3fr. Jusitc CRESS\VELL.) BROOK V. BROOK. MARRIAGE AT ALTONA OF A BRITISH SUBJECT DO3rICILED IN EI;GLAND VWITH IHIS DECEASFD ^IFR'S SISTER. The beariug of this case was resumed and concluded. The question raised in it is as to the validity in this country of a marriage at Altona, in the duchy of Schleswig-HoLstein, where such marriages are said to be legal, of a British sab. ject domiciled in EDgland with his deceased wife's sister. Sir F. KELLY, in reply, said that the decison of the Court of (Queen's Bench in the case of the " Queen v. Chad. wick" (11 Q. B. Rep., 173), in which it had been held that the marriage in this country of a man with the stster of his deceased wife came vithin the degrees of affinity prohibited by the statute 5 and 6 'William I., C. 54, had beern relied upon on the other side. In that case the repealed statute 2S Henry VIIL, c. 7, had been resorted to by the Court for the purpose of determining what were the prohibited degrees of marriage. He did not suppose that this Court would overrule a decision of the Court of Queen's Bench, but if ever the duty should devolve on him of dealing with the question raised in that case before the tribunal of last resort in this country he should not hesitate to impugn that decision as erroneous in point of law, and to maintain that such a marriage was valid even in this country, and even since the statute 6 and 6 Wiillam IV., G. 54. But the question here was not with reference to a marriage celebrated in this couatry, bat it was whether a marriage celebrated in a foreign country and valid by the laws of the country In which it was celebrated was to be considered as void in this country, and as entailing on the issue of that marriage all the consequences of iUegitimacy. There was no case to be found from the time of Henry VIIL, or, indeed, he might say at any period, however early, in which a marriage valid accordiDg to the law of the country where celebrated had been even called in question, much less held to be invalid in thi5 country, except the marriage of the Dake of Sassex. That was entirely an exceptional case, and governed by the lan. guage of the Itoyal Marriage Act (12th George Iirr, c. 11) which was as personal as if the Duke of Sussex had been actually named in it. He did not impugn the decision in " the King v. Solley" (Russ. and R. C. C. 237), in which it was held that the Court in this country would not recogaize a Scotch divorces from an English marriage, unless on a ground which by the law of England would warrant such a divorce. That case involved a principle wholly distinct from the proposition contended for by him in this case. The Attorney-General had said that the proposition that a marriage valid by the ler loci was valid everywhere applied only to the solemnities of marriage, and not to the personal capacity to contract marriage. He (Sir F. Kelly) denied that that proposition had any such qualification, and he contended that it applied to the personal capacity to contract marriage. In " Male v. Roberts," 3; Esp., 163, Lord Eldon held that the law of the country where the contract arose must govern the contract. In that case the caase of action accrued in Scotland, and infancy was pleaded, and It was decided that the defendant must show that infancy was a legal defence to the demand by proving the law of Scotland in that respect, ho, also, in " le la Vega v. Vianna" (1, B. and Ad., 2M4), which was a suit between parties resident in England on a contract made between them in a foreign country, it was held that the contract must be interpreted according to the foreign law. Mr. Justice (C;sSEssELL.-Suppose a contract mnade In Denmark by a man to marry his deceased wife's sister in Denmark, could aul action be maintained in England on such a contract? Sir F. KEi,.Y,,aftersomerhesitationandapparentdoubt said he thouight such an action would lie in this country' because it was a contract to do an act in a country where such act would be lawfuL Throughout all the authorities it was laid down that a marriage was valid all over the world if it was valid in the country where it was solemnized. The only quahlication of that rule was, that the marriage must not be questionable as being contrary to religion, Christianity, or morality. In Stor'ss Conflict of Laws, sec. 103, it was said, " that in regard to questions of minority or majority, oompetency or incompetency I to marry, incapacities incident to coverture, guardianship, emancipation, and other personal qualities and disabilities the law of the dom,icil of birth or the law of any other acquired and fixed domicil is not generally to govern, but the lex loci contractl aut acctd, the law of the place where the contract is made or the act done. Therefore a person wbo is a minor until he is of the age of 25 years bv the law of his domicil and incapable as such of making a ialid contract there, may nevertheless in another country, where he would he of age at 21 years, generally mnake a valid contract at that age, even a contract of marriage." The learned counsel then proceeded to read passages in support of his main proposition froni " Ruding v. Smith," 'Scritmshire v. Scrimshire," "Harford v. Morriss," and " Middleton v. Janverin," which are all reported in 2 Hagg. Consist. Reports, and *which, as he said, con. tamned a co)Tus juris on this subject. Then, was such a marriage as that now in question incestuous ? It might be the opinion of either or both of the learned persons whom he was addressing that it was; but were there not most pious, conscientious, learned, and able persons who held a contrary opinion ? Nay, there were even archbishops and bishops who sanctioned and upheld them, and he would go further and say that they were sanctioned by the great ma. jority of the Christian world. Was it a light thing, then, to brand such marriages as incestuous? Tobe open to that desi'nation it must be shown that the whole Christian world, or at least the great majority of it, agreed in holding them to be contrary to its religion. What if a hiahomedan had contracted a second marriage,validin his own country, during the life of his first wife, and, having come over to this country, had died, leaving personal estate and children by such second marriage, he must be a bold man who would say that the Crown could claim that personalty as against those children. If the Act of the 5 and 6 William IV., c. 54, did not apply to the colonies, (I fortiori it did not apply to foroegn countries, and an Act of Parliament did not apply to the colonies unless they were particularly named, as laid down by Mr. Justice Blackstone (1 Comm., 100). The learned counsel concluded by contending that this case did not come within the exception laid down by Haberus in histhird axiom respecting the comity of nations, such axiom being as follows :-" That the rulers of every empire from comity admit that the laws of every peoDle in force within its own limits ought to have the same iorce everywhere. so far as they do not prejudice the powers or rights of other Governments, or of their citizens" (cited in Story's Conflict of Lacws, section 29) ; that the proposition, therefore, that the marriage being valid when celebrated must be held to be valid everywhere was unaffected by that axiom, and that there was no principle of construction applicable to Acts of Parliament by which an Act of Parliament making an act unlawful coald be applied to our colonies and afor. tio-i to other countries; and that the marriage must be de. clared to be valid, and the Crown not entitled to the property in question. The VICE-CIAKCELLOR said that the question raised in the case was far too imxortant to be dealt with otherwise than with mature consideration. Judgment deferred. Mr. Mdalans and Air. G. L. Russell appear with Sir F. Kelly for the peaintifBs; Mr. ElMsley, Mr. ClOAsby (of the common law bar), and MIr. Pemberton for defendants in the same interest with the plalntiffs; and the Attorney. General, the Solicitor-Generali and Mr. Wickens for the Crown. (Before Vice-ChanccUor Sir W. P. WOOD.) IN TEII MATTR OF THE LONDON AND EASTERN BANKING CORPORATION. This was a petitlon by Major Alfred Henry Corfield, a sbarebolder in the above company, prayig Its d1ssolutioq and winding up, under the provisions of the Joint-Stock Companies Aets, 1848 and 1849. The company commenced its operations as an aseaoiatio 1 for carrying on the business of banking in Er ,land and India in 1854, the deed of settlement bearing date the 1st of September in that year. The capital of the company was to consist of 500,0001., to be divided into shares of 1001. ach, upon which 601. Was to be at once paid up. The last monthly statement published by the direotors as to the assets and liabilitles of the company, pursuant to the provisions of the Joint-Stock Banks Regulation Act, was publisbed on the 27th of February, 1857. On tho l1th of March, 1857, the banking business of the company was suspended, nor had it been since resumed. At a general meet, ingof the company, held on the 25th of Maarch, 1857, the; shareholders were for the first timoe made aware of tb,i alarmingposition of their affalr and that the liabilities exceeded the available assets by 240,0001. It was stated at, this meeting that the Oriental and three other Indian banks had been induced to give their assistance to carry out the engagements of the London and Eastern Bank with their creditors, but stipulated that the shareholders should give their promissory totes to au amount satisfactory to the assisting banks. Resolutions were thereupon passed for the appointment of three gentlemen to act as a committJe for realizing the property of the bank, and that all the shareholders should sign promissory notes, payable at 12 months, for the 601. per cent. atill payable on their shares. It was also resolved that the committee should be at liberty to deliver over to the Oriental Bank a sufficient amount of the promissory notes to securethat bank for their advancs, Power was reserved to the bank to make calls upon those sbarehelders who did not give their promissory notes. The petitioner, who had shortly beforethe failure of the company been induced to purcbase 100 shares in it from Colone Waugh, for which he paid 5,0001., assented to these resc. lutlons, and gave his promissory note for the remaining. 5,0001. due upon the shares. The potition proceeded to state that, notwithstanding it was a part of such arrangb. ment tkat no shareholders who gave their promissory notc should be required to pay any call, a call of 151. per share was made by the bank In April The petitioner was not in the first instance required to pay this call, but on the].9th of August he received a letter stating that the committee, being disappointed of the large amount which they expected, and funds being requisit to answer immnediate and pressing demands, they had no alter; native but to require the shareholders to pay up on or before the 15th of September the call of 151. per share payatle on the 24th of April. The amount of the call was in each case to be written off the promissory rnote of the share. holder, making the payment in reduction of the amonit claimable from him under his note. The petitioner, consider. ing that this application was a breach of the arrangement under which be bad given his promissory note, refused th pay the call. Having been informed that proceedings would be taken against him to enforce payment, he bad presented this petition to have the company dlssolved and wound up, In support of the petition it was alleged that the assets of the company could only be fairly and properly realized, the accounts taken, and proper contribution obtained under a winding-un order. It was also alleged that the petitioner had lost confidence in the committee appointed by the shareholders in March last for the purpose of realizing the assets and liquidating the liabilities of the concern. Mr. CAuRNS and Mr. JEssL appeared In support of the petition, and contended that there were substantial questions to be tried as to liabilities, &c., both at law and equity, and that the only way of obtaining their satsfactory solution, and avoiding Interminable litigation, and at the same time of liquidating the difficulties of the company, was to have the concern wound up under the order sought by the lRresent petition. * Mr. lManiel, zx. W. M. James, Mr. Bovifl, Mr. Roxburgh, and Mr. Coohrane appeared for other shareholders, who adopted the viow of the petitioner. Mr. Druce appeared for the Oriental Bank. Mr. ROLT and Mr. HETHERMGTON for shareholders opposing the prayer of the petition contended that it was not a case in which an ordinary offieial manager could conduct the liquidation so satisfactorily as the manager originially appointed, the affairs of the company lying as much in India as in England. They would withdraw their opposition to the winding-up order if the present manager was appointed interim manager, following the course taken by his Honour in the Cheltenham and Glocestershire Joint. stock Bank case (4 Weekly Reporter, 624). Mr. JESSEL objected that Mr. Stuart (the present manager) was the representative of the Oriental Bank, and did not alone sufficiently represent the sbareholders of the London and Eastern. The VICE-CANCzLLoR said that the liquidation of liabilities was going on, and doubted whether he ought to put a stop to it brevi ennUz. He could not either assume such a case against Mr. Stnart as in the meantime to displace him. Mr. JESSEL.-NO such case Is even suggeated. We merely wish our own interests to be properly represented. After some discussion it was arranged that an order should be taken for dissolution and winding-up, and for the appointment of Mr. Stuart as interim manager, the coste of all parties to be paid out of the assets of the company.
COURT OF OQUEENS RR.Nnll- w , -- -- COLERIDGE, WIGITW, and ERLE- (Siftings in Ba,Co. blefore Lord CAMPr, -7 At the sitting of the Court this morning, Lord CAMPBELL delivered the jadgment of the Court in several cases whioh had been previously argaed. The only one involving any question of general interest was the following .. TEE QUEEN V. THF rROVOsT AND COLLEGGE OF EToy AND ANOTHER. This was an action of quare impedit, brought by the Attorney-General against the Provost and College of Eto i and the Rev. John Alexander Clarke (clerk), in order to tr y the right of the Crown to present to benefices avoided b r the appointment of the incumbents thereof to colonial bishoprics, The declaration was as follows:- " Be it remembered that the provoat of the College Royal ot th , Blessed aMary of Eton, near unto Windcar, in the county of Ba2e,end she eame coilege, and siso the Rev. John Alexander Ciark (clerk), were summoned to auewer our Soiereign Lady the Queen of a plea tEat they permit our said Lady tbo Queen to present a tit per'uq to the church of Stratfleld-Mortimer, in the county of Borks, which i. void ad la in the gift ot otr said Lady the Qaeen. And therefore oua k3overeign Lady the Queen, by Sir Richard Bethel], KnJght, Attorney. General of oar aald Lady the Qu en. who for our said Ledy the Qaee, protecutes in thbis behalf. says that heretofore, to wit, on the 10th dX of Septembe,, in the seoa of our Lord 18404 thoesid provoatand colleg-, being soeied in fee of the advowaon of the said church of Sratfi eldMortimer. did prezent thereto tho Rev. Henry John ChitVy H%arpe, their clerk, who, on such preontation, was duly admitted, insit'ut, i, and indncted inta the same; and the said church afterwards, to wit, on the 1ett day of August, in the year of our Lord 1i5H, beoAms vacant by the appoiutment by our salid LIdy the Queen of the eald if. J. a. Harper to bo biahop ef tho blahoDric of Christ Church, in th, colony of Now Zealand, thesame being within and part of thedooln Ions of our sald Lady the Queen, and by the consecratIon of the sri I HI J. J. Harper as such bishop. Whereby It then belonged, nod no v belongs, to our said Lady the Queen, to present a fit pen ont) e sa .d Church EO being vacant aq aforwsaid, bht tho said Pro3t and asie,e and tbe said J. A, Clarke unjustly hinder our raid Lady the Qaeon fron presenting a fit person to the raid church, hc." To this declaration the Provost and College of Etoc pleaded a long plea, which in substance stated that they were seisedia fee of the advowson of the living in question under a charter and letters patent of King Henry VL, con. firmed by Parliament; and that, on the avoidanoe of th, benefice, by the consecration of the former incumbent, E. J. C. Harper, on the 10th of AugUst, 1856, as Bishop of Christ Church, in New Zealand, they, the Provost and College of Eton, as patrons of the said living, presented the other defendant (the Rev. J. A. Clarke) to the said church, who, upon Buch presentation, was duly admitted, instituted, and inducted as perpetual vicar and incumbent. The defendant (the Rev. J. A. Clarke) pleaded a plea, in whicb he all'ged that he was vicar and incumbent of the said church, and that the Queen ought not to sue him, because he said that true it was that on the 10th of September, 1840, the Provost and College of Eton prosented the said H. J. C. Harper to the saidliving, and that the same became vacant on the 10th of August, 1856, by the said consecration of the said H. J. C. Arpcer as such Bishop nevertheless, the defendant said, "That the said bishopric of Christ Church was and is a bishopric lately ereoted and constituted, and situate wholly in parts beyond the seas, and not within any part of the united kingdom of Great Britaia and Ireland; and that after the living became vacant-viz., on the 10th of August, 1856,-the Provost and College of Eton presented him (the defendant) to the said church, upon which he was duly admitted, instituted, and inducted." To these pleas the Crown demurred, and thus raised two questions for the consideration of the Court :-1. Whether, on the avoidance of a living by the consecration of the incumbent as a colonial bishop the Crown had the power to present to the living so vacated; and 2, whether in this par. ticular case the claim was not inconsistert with the original grant of the advowson to the college, The questions were argued at great length on the 29'h of May last, by the Attorney.Qeneral (with whom was Mc. Welsby) on the part of the Crown; and by Six F. Thesiger, on the part of Eton College. The Court then took time tI consider, Lord CAMlPBELL now delivered the judgment of the Court as follows: - From the great importance and novelty of the main question raised in this case we have talken time to consider it very delberately, after the able argunment addremsed to us upon it by the Attorney-General on one side, and Sir FrederlokThesiger on the other. There can be no doubt that on the promotion of the incumbent of a benefice in England to a bishopric In England, the benefice is so avolded, and it belongs to the Queen to present to the benefice avoided. This is clearly a prerogative of the Crown, whatever may have been the reason for It, and however it may have been acquired. It rests upon uniform usage, and is supported by so many dclaf of our text writers and decisions of our ceourts of justice that it cannot now for a moment be questioned. The prerogative is stated likewise to extend to the bishopric of Sodor and Man, not within the realm of England, although held under the Crown of England, that see having been im - memoriallyasee of the Church of England, ancientlyattachei to the province of Canterbury, and more recently to tha province of York. Whether the prerogative likewise ex- tends to the case of an English incumbent promoted to a bishopric in Ireland has been considered a question of great donbt. In Mallory's Quarc Impedit, 113, the learned author says that " de jure communi, aU promotions are vacated by the taking of a bishopric as such, and that not only English proLiotions to bishoprics in England, bat likewise English promotions to bishoprics in Ireland, and vice r ersa," the con2equence no doubt being understood to be that the Crown would be entitled to present to the vacant benefice. S . in Gibson's Codez, vol i., Jib. xxxiii. cap. 2, it is said, " Upon promotion of any person to a bishopric in England or Ireland the King hath a right to present to such benefices or dignities as the person was possessed of before such promotion." On the other hand, Lord Coke (4 rhat .56, 7). commentinguponthe case in which the Bishop of Exeter was fiaed for his contempt in not admitting the King's presentee to an archdeaconry within lis diocess, which the archdeacon had vacated on being promoted to be Archbishop of Dublin, sks :-" That when the archdeacon was by the King.preferred to an archbishopric he (the King) has the presenta. tion to the archdeaconry in respect of the tomporalities of the Bishop of Exeter, patron of the archdeaconry, and not by any prerogative. And so It is if an incumbenit in' Ireland be made a bishop in England." The temoporalities of the see of Exeter had then been in the Crown,' the see being vacant; and in this right alone had the Crown the powrer to present to the arch. deaconry; but if there had been a Bishdp of Exeter, in whom the temporalities; were vested, he, and not thq King, would have been entitled to present to the archdeaconry, on the archdeacon being promoted to be Archbishop of Dabhn. Lord Coke considers England and Ireland, with a view to the "cession" of ecclesiastical preferment, on promotion to a bishopric, as different kinadoms and different chnphe", although uoder the 'sanro Crown. With refereuce to this Lord Chief Baron Comsyn, in his Digest, tit. - sgulse' (El. 6), after stating that if an EngliRh archdeacon, be created a bWshop the King shaU preseat to the archdew. canry, and citing for this his authorities, adds, "tDobebisthop 4 Iust. 356, 7." This doubt seems much strengthened li the Irish statute, the 17th and 18th Car. 2, o. 10 for preventing clergymen holding preferment in EBngland, from at the same time holding preferment in Ireland, and front the practiee w hich seems to have followecd thereon of clergymaen always resigning it before they are promoted to be bishops in Ireland. But wre do not think it necessary further to examine the authorities relating to this controverted question, or to give any opinion upon it; for were the rule clear and undisputed that if the incumbent of a livlng in England is promoted to a bishopric in Ireland the Crown shall present to the English living we think the consequence would by no means follow that the Queen has a right to present to the church of Strat. field Mortimer on the Rev. Henry John Chitty Harper being appointed and consecrated Bishop of Christ Church, in the colony of 'Now Zealand, although "the same be within the and part of the dominions of our said Lady tho Queen.' To establish this proposition we may. expect either some express authority, or the explication of some principle which brings such a colonial hishopric into the category of English and Irish bishopries for this purpose. Express authority there is none. The general dictun that if an incumbent is made a bishop the Crown shall present to his preferment thereby vacated, caunot be relied upon; for this evidently was meant to be understood of English preferment, and an English bishopric, and the sanme writers who lay this down say that the rule does not extend to a titular bishop or a suffragan bishop, under the statute the 21st of Henry VIlI., cap. 14. SeeM eaUloy, 113, Coms. Dig.. tit. "E glise" (U. 1.) Nor has any principle been announced upon which the rule rests in resect of an English andIrish bishopric, and which would apply to this bishopric in tew Zealand. The English and Irish bishops hold bishoprics founded and endowed by the Crown; they are prelates of a church -which is the established church in England and Ireland; they have by law well-defined jurisdiction and important rights and privileges, both spiritual and secular. The Bishop of Christ Church in New Zealand has nothing in common with them, except that he is a Pro. testant bishop canonically consecrated, and holding the faith of the Anglican church. We do not question the power of the Queen to create a bishopric in any part of her dominions. except where, as in Scotland, such an exercise of prerogative is forbidden. In % newly settled colony such an exercise . of prerogative is lawful, but we must bear in mind that in such a colony there Is no established church, and that the ministers of religionin communion with the Church of England, with the Cuarch of Scotland, and with the Church of Rome, in the absence of any imperialor colonial legislation on the subject, are all upon an equal footing. If by legal enactment there were a fund created for the support of." the Protestant clergy in New Zealand," according to the opinion given by the judges in the House of Lords upon the Canada Preserves, the Episcopalian and Presbyterian clergy in the colony would be entitled to have it in equal proportions. It has likewise been held that the Crown may create an ecclesiastical Roman Catholic corporation in an English colony, as well as a Protestant bishopric. The bishopric of Christ Church, in Now Zealand, has been created purely by the prerogative of the Crown, without any such statute as 53 George III., cap, 1G5, or 3 and 4 William IV., cap, 85. which authorized theCrown to grant jurisdiction to bishops to be created in India, and to establish a hierarchy in that country, as bad been before done in Jamaica and other parts of the dominions of the Crown in the West anles. We by no means say that the promotion of an English incumbent to be a bishop in the East or West Indies would give the Crown a right to present to his English prefernient; but there is great difficulty in saying that the Bishop of Christ Church, in New Zealand, has any jurisdiction, except over those who voluntarily submit to his jurisdiction; and he reaUy seems in this respect to be in the situation of the "titular bishop," whose promotion to be a bishop all the authorities agree, gives the Crown no right to present to his preferment. HEad the declaration been sufficient in showing a prinmd facie right in the Crown to present to this living on the promotion of the incumbent to a bishopric, we should have had no difficulty in deciding that the the plea is bad, for, although the advowson was granted by the Crown to Eton College, and the grant was confirmed by Parlianent, the claim to present on such a vacancy would be an incident of the right granted, and not a derogation of the grant. But being of opinion that the declaration shows no title in the Crown, and that the right to present to the living was the same as if the vacancy had ariSen upon the death of the incumbent, it is our duty to give judgment for the defendants. WIlCOX V. NVILKINIt AND OTHERS. 'Mr. Serjeant Tinob.As (with whom was W%V. H. Hodgsou) moved for a rule to set aside the verdict found for the defendants in this cawse, and to have a new trial, on the ground of misdirection, and that the verdict was against the evidence. The action was brought by the plaintiff to recover the sum of 2101. for services rendered to the defendants, and 2401. fo,r money paid at their request. At the trial, which took place before Mr. Justico Erle, on last Friday, the plaintiff proved that he had entered into an arrangement with the defendants, under which he was to have the management of a mine in Cornwall, and to be paid a quiarter of the profits for his services, If the defendantq ,hould work the inine with effect, but that if they did not (lo -o the plaintiff was to bo paid wages for his services. Lord CAMi PBELL..-Tbe jury did not believe hini. Mr. Sariojnt Ti1som1A.S.-They believed the defendants' witne-ses. Lord C.A M j.ll T, said that when there was a contlict of evide nce that was a question for the jutry. Mr. Serjeant Tuo:uAs said tho defendants called two witnemis vio contradioted tho plaintiff, but their evidoncoe so far as tbe iteo, for disbursoments went, was consistent witih the plaintiff's evidence. Mir. Ju.tice E; I.E said the witnosses called by the defend. ants prov'd that tleoro was nover a word sald about salary; andi that tbo entire agreoniient was that the plaintiff was to hav'e a (Iianrter of tho protits, but not to have that till tho nk.ino paid. and it never cid. Lord (,AN' ,'n El.l. said the Court would hear the question of iisdirection; but thero was uno ground for saying teo verdict -as against tho evidence. Mr. Serjeant TONAS oontended that, according to tho evidenco given by the defendants themselves, the plaintitff wam to supply his services, and the defendants were to supply the fundils s-ir working the mine, and the plaintifl had proved that he p\id 24:V. in disbursements on account of the mine; but the learnod Judgo told tho jury that it was a simple que''ion of partnorship or no partnership. The learned cviu St I contended that there was evidenco that the plaintiff had paid tho 2 lotl. at the request of the defendants, and, if s, that the plaintiff was entitled to recover it. Mr. Jnstice Rn'ILE said he had been careful not to reject any ovidonce, and ho ecould not see any evidence, from the beginning to the end, that the plaintiff had paid any monyo at theodefendants' request. The defendants had advanced 2,0001. to carry on the mine. Mr. Serjtant TnOurAS said thoeplaintiff had entorod all h is dlshurseiiiAnts in a book. Mr. Justice WIC:iITNIAN observed that that did not show that the money vhich he paid was his own monoy. Mr. Justice EBLE.-HO made no demand till long after the mine was abandoned, and then ho at first claimed 30r., then 60 .. and at last le brought the action for 4701. Lord CAITPRELL said he had no doubt that if one partner advanced his own money at the request of the other partners he might recover the nioney so advanced. But in this case there was no evidence that the plaintiff laid out any money of his own. He was Intrusted with monley of the partnership, and no doubt he had made payments; but the qnustion wa's whether he paid that money out of his owa pocket. Ills T,srdship thought the question had been pro. perly left to the jury, and that they had found a proper verdict. Yr. Jlttice WI IITrMAN was of the same opinion. Mr. Justiee ERLE said he was clearly of opinion that the evidence did not show that the plaintiff had advanced his own money to be laid out for the defendants at their request. The plaintiff camiie to London and induced the defendants to jon him in the mine, he having only his care and skUl, and they the capital. They advanced 2.0001., and there was a debt of 7001. or 8001. when the works stopped. Some years afterwards the plaintiff brought forward a statement that he had advanced his own money, for which he had a right to bring an action; but, though he (Mr. Jnstice Erle) had rejected no evidence, he could not find the smaUest scintila that the defendants had ever requested him to advance any money. Rule refnsed. TIIE QUEEN V. TISE RECORDER OF CAMnBRIDGE. This case has been before the Court on more than one occasion, upon a rule to quash an order made by the Deputy Recorder of Cambridge (Dr. Leapingwell) upon the ground that he had acted without jurisdiction on the hearing of an appeal against a rate. The ground of objection was that the Deputy Recorder was an interested party, and was acting as judge in his own cause. .i'his was a similar application to quash an order made by the Deputy-Recorder, awarding the costs of the appeal, and the ground of objection was that he was disqualified from acting, because he was an occupier of property in Cambridge, though not in the particular parish coneerned in the appeaL It appeared that under the provisons of a local Act all the parishes in Cambridge were united for the relief of the poor, and that they all contributed to a common fund in proportion to thQ rateable value of their pToperty in the several parishes. It was thereforo oontended tbat the Deputy Recorder was an interested party, and war disqualified from acting in tho matter. It was soa4ht to bring him within the enactment contained in the 16;h Gorge It., cap. 1, as being a justice. Lord CAMPBELL said ho thought that the certiorari ought to go, though he was extremely sorry to come to that conclusion. He thought that the Deputy Recorder was not a 'justice" within the statute, but a special fnnctionary, appointed pro huc vice, with special powers conferred upon him. Mr. Jpstice WIGHT31AN and Ir. Justice ERLE were of tbe same opinion. lr. Seriant Byles, Mfr. H. Hill, Q.C., and Air. Couch appeared to support the order; and Mr. O'Malley, Q.C, lMlr. Tozer, and MSIr. Metoalfe to HUppOrt the rule. At the close of the case Lord CAMIPBLL said he thought the objection taken was a most frivolous and vexatious one. Mr. Justice ERLE said be thought it would probably lead to an alteration in the law in cases lke the present, where the interest was merely nomindl. Lord CAMIPBELL expressed his hope that, under the advice of counsel, a definitivetreaty of peace would be entered into between the parties, which would last in secula secuorum. Order quashed. THE QUYEEN V. ESDAILE AND OTHERS.-T11E QuEEX V. BROWN AND OTHERS.-TIE QUEENT V. STAPYLTON AfD OTHERS. Mr. WELSBY said that in the absence of Sir P. Thesiger, who, although better, was stlli too unweU to leave bis house it devolved on him to inform the Court that, though in the affidavits of Mr. Stapylton and bis attorney, Mr. Freshfierd, there were many statements that were open to exception, still, s, both these gentlemen had pledged their oaths that Ur. Stapylton could not be prepared to take his trial at the neTxt sittings it had been thought that this was a case in which it would not be proper to make any afidavits in reply. He was therefore ready to consent, on the part of the Crown, that the rules should be made absolute that the trials should be adjourned. Lord CAMIPBELL said he thought good advice had been given to the Crown, and that the proper course had been taken. It was desirable that the trial should take place as soon as it could satisfactorily; but in a case where gentlemea of respectabiity said they could not be ready for the trial at the time which would beappointed his Lordship thought that, looking at thenaturme of the case, there might be some reasonable groundforcomplaintif the trialwas pressed on. From the nature of the trial it must necessarily be of great length; and if it were to begin only on the 9th of December it might not be over before the time allotted for trials should expire, and it might go on til the second period of Christmas arrived. Whereas, if it took place after Eilary Term it might commence immediately after term, and the judge who presided would have a full month before him (laughter) for the trial of the cause, and so it might be brought to a satisfactory conclusion, Sir F. KELLY said he hoped some arrangement might be made, so ihat the trial might be shortened. Mr. WELSBY said that wonld be taken into consideration. Lord CAMPBELL thereupon directed that the trials should be postponed. Mr. D. Seymour appeared for the defendant Cameron. Rules absolute to postpone the trials. This being the last day of Mlchaelmag Term a great many motions was disposed of; but the Court were able to rise at the usual hour. Mr. White, the chief usher, then adjourned the court tiM next term, in the usoal form. BAIL COURT. (Sittings in Banco, before Afr. Justice CRoMPTON.) RS PARTE WEISH. Mr. KINGDON moved that the service of thls young gentleman should date from the time of the date of the articles. The circumstances were these :-Welsh was apprenticed to a cbymist, but his health was bad, and he was obliged to give it up. He did nothing for 12 month,, and then was articled to hi father as an attorney; bun as there were doubts whe. ther his health would permit him to continue the service, the articles were not stamped. Be had served nearly two years, and, as his health had Improved, it was now sought to stamp tbe articles, and the present application was made. The motion was made yesterday, when Mr. Justice Crompton said he would consult the other judges. Mr. Justice CROMIPToN now said that ho had consulted the other judges, and, although there might be some hardship in the case, yet they all were of opinion that the appli. cation could not be granted, otherwise it would operate as a stamp upon the admission, and not upon the articles, becanse in all cases chance might be taken of the party dying or aot serving the whole of his time, and the revenue might thereby be defrauded. Application refused. THE QUEEN V. THE MAYOR AND ASSESSORS OF WVAarFELD. Mr. CLEASBY moved for a mandamus against these parties, commanding them to revise the burgess list so far as regarded about 60 names, the assessors having held the notices of objection invalid, theyhaving placed the Christian for the surname. Mr. Justice CRO'MPToN.-You have got your tackle right, I suppose, and therefore take a rule. EX PARTE RICHARDS Mr. .;mErrcE zapplied on the part of Richards calling upon Mr. Selfe, the police magistrate, to show cause whLy he should not state a case for the opinion of this Court. The object was to obtain the opinion of the Court as to the construction to be placed upon the 236th section of the 17th and 18th Victoria, c. 104 (the Merchant Seamens Act) as to the right of the captain to dispose of a seaman's clothes, &c., under certain circumstances. Mr. Justicoe CROSIPTON said he would grant the rule on account of the importanco of the case.
COURT OF COMMtON PLEAS. WEDNE9nAVT Nor 9 IIODGKINSON V. FERNEY. (Sinings in. Banco, at WeStminWter. Midcl i Tr,ni ,e --- -r. erjeanz Byles and Mr. Needham appeared to show cause against a rule caUing on the plaintiff to show cause why an order or certificate of assessment of damages by the arbitrator shouid not be set aside or referred back to the arbitrator, or why the damages assessed by him should not be reduced by the sum of 4951. 6s. Sd., on the ground that this sum was not recoverable as legal damages. 3tr. Edward James, Q.C., and MIr. Qaain appeared in support of the rule. The COrRT wvere of opinion that the rule must be discharged. Without at all going into the merits of the case the judgmont of the Court was that they had no jurisdiction in this matter. It was not easy to reconcile al the cases which laid down the principle that the Court would not interfere on the ground that the arbitrator had made a mistake in Doint of law. The cases cited in the course of the ar=ument went the length of laying down the doctrine that uness there appeared on the face of the award something wbich showed that the arbitrator had proceeded on grounds which were not warranted in a court of law the Court would not interfere. Here the Court were called on to interfere under the 5th section of the Common Law Pro. cedure Act of 1854, but the Court were clearly of o inion that that clause was not intended to ilter the general law of Awards, or that it applied to this case. The Court were of opinion that they could not interfere, on the assumption even that the arbitrator had been wrong in his award; but they were of opinion that the arbitrator had acted rightly. Rule discharged with costs. 'This being the last day of term, several practice 'notions were disposed of of no interest to the general reader and sex-eral rules were enlarged. It was Announced at the rising of the Court at 4 o'clock that the Court woould sit on Tuesday, the 8th of December, to give judgment in ono or two cases in which Mr. Justice Cressawol had heard the arguments. Tho Court was then adjourned to next term.
COUIRT OF EXCE[QUER, WREsnyMDt' Nor, "I r.OLTOX V. JOxNS. (SiUing in Batnco.) - nis was a rhue to enter a nonsuit in an aotion for goods Fold and delivorod, which was tried in the Passage Court, at Liverpool, before Mr. Edward Jamnes, tho acsessor of that Court, when a verdiot passod for the plaintifl; subject to a point resorved for the opinion of this Court. It appeared that the defendants had boon in tho habit of dealing with *no Brocklehurst, who had recently parted with his business to tho plaintiff, his foroman, and that they In ignoranco of that fact sont a written order addressed to Bromohurst for tho goods in question, which tho plaintiff suppHod, hut without any intimation that Brocklohurst had partod with his shop in his favour. The defendants imnmediately used up tho goods so supplied, and it waS not till the invoico came shortly after that they learnt that they had been supplied by the plaintiff. As the defendants had a debt against Brocklehurst whlch they could set off aainst any action by him, but could not use against the plaintiff, they declined to recognize the latter, and they defended this action on the express ground that it was not competent to the plaintiff to put himself thus secretly in the place of tho party with whom they meant to contract; and that in point of fact and lawv both there never had been any contract between them and the plaiutiff on which he could maintain an action for goods sold and dolivered. This point was reserved at the trial in favour of the defendants, and a rule having been obtained to enter a nonsuit, Mr. M'OUBREY now showed catse, contending that if the defendants could not be compelled to pay for the goods in the present action by the party who had supplied them, on the ground that they had not given the order to him, so they could not, of course, bo sued by Brocklehurst, to whom they had given the order, because he had not do. livered the goods, and thus they vwould nover pay anyone at all for goods which they had undoubtedly had and used. He contended that the plaintiff might sue as though ho had made the contract on behalf of iBrocklehurst ; ho might assume the character of principal, and sue in his own nauoe Mr. MELLISH appeared to support his rule. He denied that this was a case to which the rule of law governing prin. cipals and agents could apply. It was a simple case in which the defendants having sought to make a contract with one man another steps in and makes it in his own name without their knowledge or conseat. If this course could be allowed it would follow here that the defendants would be seriously prejudiced, as they would be deprived of the right of set off which they undoubtedly would have had against Brocklehurst, and would be compeDled to submit to a contract into which they never moeat to enter, If any detriment should ensue to the plaintiff it was to bo attributed entirely to his own want of candour, as it was his clear course when he received tho order to have made known the altored state of things and ownership in the shop and business. Instead of that, however, he sup. plied the goods himself, and it he should loss them be wonld have only himself to blame. The COURT was unanimou.sly of opinion that the defend. *nts were entitled t9 make the rule absolute to enter a non- gait on the ground contended for by their learned counsel, and gave judgment accordingly. Rule absolute. EX PABTE ITHALE.r MIr. HAWVR"'S stated that he was instructed by 'Mr. Brownt, the keeper of Whitecrostrest -Prison, and whosoa conduct towards Mr. Hoaly, who was an inmAte of ttlAt prkoni WAs the subjeot of this rule, to show CAuse ; but ai be e had been granted so recently as Mionday last., and the question was one of greAt importance, he propos-ed thaithe rule should be enlarged to the next term. Mr. MiLLS having expreased his aoquiesoenco in the proposal on behalf of r. Healey, The COURT thereupon ordered the role to be enlarged accordingly. The business of the term was brought to a oonnlngdon at the utusually early hour of 2 o'clter wheni the Court adjourned to next term after the usuil proclamnation.
CONSISTORY COURT, Nov. 25. .I=5;5VVjJVJE. Vi A1'UINWr ]iIONSV. THE VICAIx, CHURCh. WARDENS, AND PARISMIONERS OF APM1?nUn,I VSCJOTC Ur. lJUSHIOTON.) Dr. ±r'HLLIOR5; on the part of the "' Most Honourabl5 and Loyal Incorporated Society of Ancient Britons " moved for a decree. to show oause why a faculty should not be granted for the purpose of assigning accommodation t9 that society in a church now being erected in the parish of Ash. ford, in Middlesex. The society was established for the purpose of clothing, educating, and putting out as appren. tices poor children dscended from WVelsh parents in and near London. Having come to a resolution to removg4heir sebool from the Gray's-inn.road to the parh of Ahfiord, they purchased hnds in that parsh, upon which they were erecting a house and yremises capablo of accommodating 130 boyg and 70 girls, 12 masters, and others engaged in their car The parishioners of Ashford at about the same time determined to build anew church, and negotiationstook place between the parishioners and the society with regard to the accommodation to ba provided in the new church for the inmates of the school, which resulted in an agreement that a certain specified amount of accommodation should be granted to the society, in consideration of the payment by them of the sum of 1,400L The greater part of that sum having been paid, the society thought it would be expedient to apply to this Court to give effect to the agreement by granting & faculty aSigning them the sittings for which they hd brgainod. Dr. LOSIITyOTON said the peculiarity in this case was that it was an application to aseign a pew in a church before the church was built. The Court would be very reinctant to grant such an application unless very good grounds were given for making it; but he was of opinion that good erounds had been made out to justify him in granting the decree prayed. It was very important to the petitioners that they should have sufficient church accommodation for the inmates of their schools in the parish of Ashford, And they had made a very large contributionftowards the expense of erecting a church. If the church had been completed he should have haid no difficulty in granting the facultyprayedin the aheenos of any opposition; and, notvithstanding the unsul nature of the aDpphcation, he should take upon himself, under the clrcumstantces to decree the faculty to issue, subject to no opposition being offered and no good cause being shown to the contrary . =~~~~~
COUBT OF BAi?KBUPTOY, BanUr Nv. 25. The proceedinga before the Court were not of a character to call for notice in detaiL An order absolute was made for the winding up of the National Deodorizing and Manure Company (limited) with the concurrence of all parties concerned. In the case of Jacobs and Jacobs, merchants, of CrownCOurt, Finsbury, an adjournment of the certificate meeting 'wrs ordered, after some reference to the features in the case, of which the readers of Thc 2ima have been already fully informed. A. Nash, bailder, of Everett-street, Brunswick.,quare, was awarded a second-class certifcate.
[Advertisomenont4-Mapof the Punjaub grtt.&- t, Sunlady next ea4b oony ot t o DtSPat2h' wlt be : o n vludo w,,n Ca teistlcatly Oolo3ur,d M&p ot tho hnnj&ub. Either ot the, D, At:ae Maps' will bk forloSd gratts ritb the pper. The n the "Dlscatch" is - rnsL.nmpcl, St.., staDr.ed (S' go tree tby i Tbe Friday eveul, g editionU ma bo reooivt In the tUt dietalt r4rts of the kingdoi 0-a Siturday moniti n OrSerT tqet'0 b:l neww. agnLte. sudAtIhl oSdoo, 11 ]INA-street. New'-aents thrionn . t the kingdom are renuestekA to for.crx thelr natuez an' adi r-4. when spocimens of the O.lourod Double Nsp of Asia, to be &irgt away an January S. vSIl be f'rwenSt Poit.otiea with Sprl:rg c,t0j s arno w ready. Dree Sez 6d., 4s. and upwards. [Advertisemento-]- Smilme and Tears; a Ta,lO of Ottr owu Times. SUch tt tho titlo ot a new, Do sorfiL and dee-,y. interesting tal0, written by J. F. Stuith inthor of Di6k TaeeD i P'baxes of Life." "3Stnuield lSail. -to. chaPterg 1 asd 2 of vhih v.l appear in No. 1, now series of 'tVlsfflD ls1MrAtOd MnsMiv 1rerr - wNch p.per. on and after tbst date, Wi cootain 16 Pge.s d msy qnvto, prIce Id., Instead ot eight Prgee onlyi tas bertoft,ret BSlnatlneoatly with this new and origina tale by Mr. J. P. F mut: tuere titl appear a domentio tile of high protwnMosos by WelS- sro , the ttle ot vwhih Is h t.t,on. Tbh sPlondid pauanmlom rap l loji. oteserlsng Y2 inches by 1S. aeoomPinpnid with a chrbono.ooil hruiory or lI'dIa wllr belitened with NO. 1. new serlee, of Casoli's 1Un;tra>-,\ FSua,s P*per. The prfee of tho pnraclto10 map ad N t I tf Oa.rell'e Family Paper will be lid, tor botb pntdletltone it Pitto.,r S vithin one ,nonth, beyoed th it period thbe priee ot the oust- s:, _ wil be Gd. Volume 4 it novv readY, price 75 2d.. In cloth boards, a3.1 quesr orern . 6 t ondon W. Xe and Oo. [AdvertisementkL-O STruobert Pe'S WM bCe," SII 4 l, ibe, (prVlc £2 ot.), ntblubdinohoeo on tbo PostlUon ot the lsa,h ; EtSIad in the Monetary Ocisl of IS47-The hank (ihare" -Vnre Opratibons o the Currench Lao s-Value ov OIuda, tof j .,Ifsue ot BAnk Not&,ed anid man others oe grea rtnteat tHe tboIa'. risis. Threee volumest hsae a Bpeda Yalu. at the p reeent Um,. sssx. shorld bo *tudled Iy oeeY on4e tho oueld woders and the tur etcNy winstlon. London, GYouh s RonUtlede b nd Os.. Oba tangb on.atr [-Adverttismentl- On Tnesda, Decemiber 1, 'will be pulb. lIJhed, V0o . I. 0f td eh edition, t& be PotMplet ed In 10 vols, post SC. -rnd pitbltied every nontb. prise fe sat oiume. ofS Mit's H r e't BrlUtih India," edited and ootttlrisd bT Profesor 7t. EL WtlS, F.11.8. "The only wrorks to which the statesa nasa Qduhllosof t ee refer."-Athena'urn on1 MIu and Wlseon. "o YwilZU rMe Ms.ie Hil.tcr, oS Brtistm I dia, oneof 0these rare coroks dratino l to Imr nor. nailty."-Theyoulh'sOompanlonnywV,hbaoerS,n 1. Jr me5 MSden . 8,eOdoha4tsret. P1Set bi eno and 8nes,e
t CENTRAL OBIMINAL COURT, ivov. 2,5. OL)D C(oTR. qOs-re Allr. JustiCe tiOLERITDGB and Mr. Baron WATSOT.)| John Marks, 36, Samuel Marks, 24, and Abraham Simriwna, 49, were Indicted for felony, In having, after the first-amed prisoner had been declared and adjudged a bankrupt, unlawfully concealed and erabezzled a certain portion of his effects, above the value of 101., with intent to defraud his creditors. There were several other similar indictments for felony againt the prisoners, and they were also charged with a conspiracy to defraud the creditors of the bankrnpt by secreting and embezzling a large quantity of his effects after hibankruptcy. ):. Edwin James, Q.C., was retained specially to conduct the prosecution, with Mr. Giffard, Mr. l'oland, antd Mr. Wllldnson; Serjeant Ballantine appeared spvci,&l)y, with Mr. Itobinson, for John Marks- Serjeant Parry was specially retained for Samuel Mlarks; and Mr. lluddleston, Q:C., was also specially retained, with Mr. Sleigh, for the prisoner Simmons. The case that was proceeded with charged the prisoner Jobn Mfarks with having unlawfully secreted and embezzled six pianofortes and a quantity of sacking, after hie had been adjudged a bankrupt, with intent tv cheat and defraud his creditors; and the other prisoners, Samuel Marks and Abraham Simmona, were charged jointly as principal,, in the first and second degree, with aiding and assisting him so commit that offence. Mr. JAMX2 in opening the case to the jury, said, that the faots to which he should have to bespeak their attention on the present occasion were of the most astounding character, and would develope a fraud of a most enormous description, in wbich fraud, in the result, he believed they would entertain no doubt that the whole of the prisoners had deliberately engaged themselves. The indictment was preferred uRder a statute of the 12th and 13th of Victoria, which declared it to be a felony for any person, after he had been made a bankrupt, to embezzle or conceal any of his effects with a view to defraud his creditors, and he believed that no case had ever been brought forward under this statute in which so gross and enormous a fraud had been comHmitted as in the present instance. The prisoner John Marks appeared to have carried on the busineFs of a coachmaker for a good many years in Long-acre, and also in Bellstreet, Paddington, and he seemed to have enjoyed some cornsiderable amount of credit amaong the persons with whom he did business, and he had a brother at Melbourne who also carried on the business of a coachmaker, and with whom he had a sort of corresponding agency. The prisoner Samuel Marks likewise carried on the business of a coachmaker in Long-acre, in partnership with the other prisoner Simmons, whose daughter he had married, and he believed there could be very little doubt that the bankruptcy, and the subsequent proceedings that were taken to defraud the creditors, were concocted originaUy by Simmons, and that he was the princlpal agent in the matter. The learned counsel then proceeded to state that John Marks was declared a bankrupt in May, 1857, and he said lie should rove that for several months before this period he had obtained an enormous quantity of goods from different tradesmen, giving bills at four and five months'date, which, of course, he had no intention ever to pay, and those goods were dealt with by all the prisoners, and concealed at different places undervery extraordinary circumstances, anda great portion of them were eventually consigned to Sydney. The whole of the prisoners would be distinctly proved to have taken a share in thus disposing of the property, and tbe proceedings would leave no doubt that deliberate perjury was resorted to in order to carry out the fraud, the prisoner John Marks having, in the course of his examination before the Court of Bankruptcy, distinctly denied, upon his oath, that he was in possession of any property except that which was given up at the time of the bankruptcy, although he must have known that property to the amount of many thousand pounds had been removed and secreted after the bankruptcy, evidently with the intention that whea that had blown over the property should be disposed of and the proceeds divided among them, The result of the examination into the affairs of John Marks showed that he was deficient several thousand pounds in his cash accounts, and that goods of the value of nearly 15,0001. were entirely unaccounted for. Aconsiderableportion of these goods was subsequently recovered through the information thr.t was given by a man named lMolloy, who had been in the service of the prisoner John Marks, and this property had been sold and divided among the general body of creditors, but they had still been deftrauded to a very large amount through the proceedings of the prisoners. He should call this man Molloy before them as a witness, and be would detail the course that was taken with the goods that were obtained by the prisoners; and, although he undoubtedly stood in the position of an accomplice, yet, wben the jury found that he was corroborated in many essential particulars, he believed they would entertain no doubt that he was speaking the truth, and his evidence would be almost conclusive against the prisoners. The learned counsel then proceeded to state some other facts, which he said he should prove In evidence, and the following witnesses were examined on behalf of the prosecution:- Mr. John Austin, a messenger belonging to the Court of Bankruptcy, produced the record of the proceedings in the bankruptcy of the prisoner John Marks, The prisoner was declared to be luly adjudicated a bankrupt on the 28th of May, 1851 and on the previous day he signed a declaration of insolvency. By Mr. HUDDLESTON.-The final examination of the prisoner was adjourned to the 10th of December next. Mr. Stringer de sed that he was a coachtrimmer and lamp maker, and he had had dealings with the prisoner John Marks for several years, and he was the petitioning creditor In his bankruptcy. The bankrupt oweed him 2001. or 3001. when he became bankrupt. Cross-examined.-Witness was aware that Samuel Marks bad dealings with his brother, and he had also supplied him with goods in his trade. He had supplied goods to the prisoner Samuel, and be was not Indebted to him at the present time. Simmoons carried on business in partnership with Samuel Marks. Mr. S. Staitb, manager to Messrs. Collins. ivory cutters and dealers in pianofortes, Charles-street, Hatton-garden, deposed that in November, 185I, the prisoner John Marks called upon him and said that in consequence of his having sent a pianoforte he had purchased of them to Melbourne, and the report he had received of it, he had got an order for 12 more of the same description, and wished witness to supply them, but he told him he could not let him have so mnany withoLt consulting Mr. Collins, and at a subsequent interview it was arranged that six were to be delivered, and the prisoner gave a bill of exchange for the value. These pianos were delivered to a man named Molloy, who was in the prisonefrs service, and they were taken away in the van of the prisoner. The Invoice price of these pianos was 2341., and John Marks accepted a bill for that amount, which became due August 3, 1857, and it was dishonourod when it arrived at maturity. Mr. J. unite, a rick cloth manufacturer in the Edgewareroad, deposed that he had had busine.sstransactions with John Marks for some years, and up to November last he alvays paid for the goods he supplied him with. In that month the prisoner told him he wanted goods to send to Australia, and he supplied him to the amount of 4001, The prisoner gave him two hills of exchange for that sum wbich became due in July last, and *vere both dishonoured. After the bankruptcy John Marks called upon him and said that ho wished witness would come forward and speak in his favour, and he should not lose anything by it. Cross-examined.-e had always previously considered the prisoner a respectable man. William Molloy was then examined.-He said,-I1was formerly in the service of the prisoner John AMarks, I was so employed 10 or 12 years. I was the foreman of his establishment in Bell-street, Paddington. I know the other two prisoners. I first saw Simmons after Samuel Marks came to England from Australia about two or three ytars ago. Samuel Marks married Simmons's daughter, and they afterwards carried on business as conchmakers in Long-acre. I remember being sent for by John Marks to fetch sonic pianos from Mr. Collins's. I went twice and brought three each time. I conveyed these nianos to a mews in Great Queen-street, and they were placed in acoach-house tbere, and Simmons and Samuel Marks saw them after they had been put there. I afterwards, by direction of the prisoners Samuel Marks and Simmons, took away four of the pianos, and I had directions to drive the van over Waterloo. bridige, and Simmons and Samuel Marks were to meet me, and they did so, and got into the van and told me to drive on, and they directed me to go on to Kent-street, where I tursicd up a turning and the pianos were taken out. On the following Monday I took the other two pianos and some canvAss that had been purchased of Mr. Unite to the same place. I did this by the direction of the prisoners. The pianos and canvass were left at tbe premises of a person named Vandervil. I remember taking some goods from the premises in Bell-street to the Lyceum Theatre in May last year. The prisoner John Marks gave me directions to take these goods. At this time there wero 110 cases of different sortS of goods at Bell-street. They consisted of harness, clothes, boots, and riding saddles, and I should say the property was worth 6,0001. or 7,0001. 1 knew stome ofthe tradesmen from whom these goods had been purchased. I btgan to remove these goods in May, and all the prisoners assisted me to load the first van load. I wentto the Byceum Theatre about 7 o'clock in the mnorning, and I was met by all the prisoners. The van was driven away by Simmons. In consequence of some suspicion that I entertained, I directed two seen named Young and Richardson to watch where the van was taken to, and I was informed that it was driven with the gcods to Wool Quay, and I afterwards saw some of the cases at Ipswich that had been removed from Bell-street. After the bankruptey of John Marks aU the prisoners complained to me of my having sent Young down to Ipswiob, and Simmons said that if it had not oeen for me they should all have been gentlemen. I afterwards heard that Simmons and Samuel Marks had been taken into custody at Ipswich, and that the magistrates refused to take bail for tbem, I remember being with the prisoner Simmons at pE,gate, at the honse of a person named Forsedick. He was a gamekeeper, and had a smaU cottage and barn near the town of Relgate. It was after the bankruptcy when this occurred. Simmons told me that he had received a letter from Rleigate, informing him that if he did not remrove some goods that had been placed in a barm at Reigate they would be tiurned into the road. Simmons drove me to Reigate and showed me the barn, and I saw a quantity of goods, consisting of saddles, rugs, &c., inside the barn. These were some of the same goods that I had previously removed from Bell-street. I removed 94 cases altogether from Bell-street. They were large cases, and I should say woer worth 8,0001. or 9,0001. altogether. I came back to Lon. don with Simmons, and shortly afterwards Samuel Marks gave me some directions to plane all the numbers off the cases and redirect them to Mr. Coleman, at the Bricklavers' Arms Station, to be called for. There were addresses upon cards on the cases at this time in the handwriting of Simmons and Samuel Marks. I afterwards received instructions to send the cased to Reading, and they were conveyed by the Great Western Railway from that place to LiverpooL After I had sent off the goods I return,ed to Londe,n and saw the prisoner John Marks. and he began to swear at ime, and said that a person named Liddell had seen me, and that he had been examined at the Court of BAnlruptoy and had sworn he did not know where I was, and that if I was seen with him he might he indicted for perjury. The prisonershad told me if I was seen by any one at Keigate wvib the goods I was to say that I was removing tbnet for the benefit of the creditors, and I was to allow the goods to be taken, bat to get away myself. Samuel Marks after this gave me 101. to pay mny expenses t Cambridge, where I as to find some goods. I went to the house of a shoemaker in Barnwell, near Cambridge, and I there saw somue varnish and gold size.I This witness was not cross- examined. Alfred Mendeville deposed that ho was a ropemaker, and carried on his business at 101, Kent-street, Southwark. He had known Simmons about two years. When hefirst became acquainted with him he kept the Surrey Coahole. (A laugh.) This was a publichouse. He came to him in November last and asked him to mind some goods for a friend of his, to oblige him. Witness consented to take chargeof the goods, and the last witness, Molloy. afterwards brought some goods in a van. They were in wooden cases, such as are used for exporting goods. About five months after this he saw Simmons again, but he did not say anything about the goods, and they remained in witness's possession until the 17th of August, when Samuel Marks came and hired witnesss men and horses, and all the goods were taken away, but he did not know where they were removed to. A day or two afterwards Samuel Marks and Simmons came to hirn and said they had heard that inquiries had been made about the goods of him, and they were sorry he had been inconvenienced, but they had purchased the goods and paid for them. The bankruptcy officers had been to make inquiries before this conversation took place. Samuel Marks told him that he had bought the goods of a man who was in want of money. Charles Chittleburgh, a man in the service of the last witness, deposed that by the direction of the prisoner Samuel Marks he drove the van containing the pianos from Kentstreet to the stable in Queen-street, and that he left the property there. Some other witnesses were then examined, whose evidence went to confirm the staterment made by Molloy as to the removal of other portions of the property. Henry Langley, shipping foreman at the London Docks, proved that certain goods were shipped in August. There were six cases, and they were described to contain pianos. They were consigned to Melbourne. Mr. Coleman, an artificial flower maker, deposed that he was acquainted with Samuel Marks and Simmons, and he remembered the former a8king him to ship some goods for him in the month of August last. He said there wore 94 cases, and he wisbed them to be despatehed from Liverpool. He subsequently went to Liverpool and saw a quantity of cases on the jetty, which he supposed to be the goods that the prisoner referred to, and he afterwards shipped them by the Boanerges for Sydney. He received the bills of lading referring to them, and gave them to Samuel Marks. Mr. JASfrEs then called a witness who proved that the prisoners had received notice to produce these bills of lading, and he called for them, bet the counsel for the defence said they had not got them. The witness Coleman was then further examined, and he said the bills of lading referred to pianos, harness, and general merchandise. He also stated that he subsequently shipped other goods by direction of the prisoner Samuel Marks, and effected policies of insurance upon the property. An embargo was subsequently laid upon the bills of lading by the aEsignees. In cross-examination the witness said that he knew nothing of the contents of the packages, exept what he was told. By Mr. JATxvs.-Samuel Marks told him that thocases containedpianos and harness All the cases were marked C" in a diamond, which was the mark the witness Moiloy was directed to put upon them. Mr. G. Thompson, a shipping agent at Liverpool, was then called to prove that he shipped the goods in question by the direction of the last witness. He said that he subsequently received a notice from the asaignees that the goods bad been fraudulently obtained, and he was directed to retain the biUs of lading. Samuel MarksandSimmoDsafterwards called upon him, and said it was very strange the bills of lading were not given up, and they should take the opinion of their solicitor upon it. Mr. Moore, a solicitor of Woodbridge, Suffolk, deposed that he acted as the agent of the Pev. Mr. Moore. lils uncle, who had a house to let in the neighbourhood of Woodbridge. In April the prisoner Simmons came to him and wished to see the house, and he did so, a day or two afterwards he agreed to hire the house, and give 771. a-year for It. Something was said about referees; but he said he would pay a year's rent in advance, and he gave him 771., and an agreement was afterwards executed. The prisonerSimmons at this time represented his name to be Alfred Smith. In consequence of something that afterwards occurred, he saw the prisoner and refused to let him have possession of the house; but he was in possession of the pTemises for three days. Upon one occasion he saw Samuel Marks in company with Simmons, and the latter introduced him as his brother. When he refused to allow the prisoner to retain possession of the house he said he thought that witness had no right to inquire into his private transactions. Mr. R. F. Jennings, a solicitor at Ipswich, proved that on the 22d of May he was consulted by two of the creditors of the prisoner John Marks, and he went with them to some warehouses at Ipswich, where they were shown a large quantity of goods, and the prisoners Simmons and Samuel Marks. who had placed them there, were taken into custody. They were discharged on the folowing Wednesday in consequence of no charge being preferred against them, and they consented to give up the goods to the creditors. John Marks, the bankrupt, came down to Ipswich during these proceedings. Before he came down Simmons and Samuel Marks said that the goods were the property of John Marks, a respectable coachbullder in Long-acre, and he had pur. chased them, and they ought not to be where they were under such a charge. John Marks subsequently signed a declaration of insolvency, and when these facts were explained to the magistrates the prisoners were discharged. Be then Informed Samuel Marks and Simmons that they were discharged on account of John Marks having signed a declaration of insolvency, and been made a bankrupt. Before the prisoners left Ipswich he asked them if they had sent any other goods anywhere else, and they both stated they had not, and that there were no other goods than those found at Ipswich. John Marks at the same time said that they could not have sent away any more goods, because those at Ipswich were the "whole lot." Some other witnesses were then examined, whose evidence went to show that Samuel Marks and Simmons had hired the warehouse in which the goods were deposited at Ipswich, and also that Simmons hired the barn at Reigate which was appropriated to the same purpose. Mtr. WILI-NSON, the colcitor for the prosecation, proved that an examination of the balance-sheet of the prisoner John Marks showed a deficiency in cash to the amount of 3,9241, 10s. 5d., and that the amount of goods purchased and not accounted for was nearly 14,0001. The goods that a ere recovered, andwhich were afterv-ards sold f or the general benefit of his creditors, realized nearly 5,0001. The goods found at Ipswich produced the greater part of that SUM. This closed the case for the prosecution. Serjeant PARRY then urged that his client could not be convicted as a principal under the present indictment. Ele caLed the attention of the Court to the section of the statute under which the oharge was preferred, and he contended that the offence could only be committed by a person in the position of a bankrupt, and that any other person who ,iight assist in the removal of property did not stand in the position of an accessory before the fact, and could not under the recent statute be convicted as a principal. Mr. Justice COLERIDnE asked if he was to understand tbat the learned ses>jeant contended that any person who so acted could not be convicted of any offence? Serieant PARRY said that his objection certainly went to that extent, but if there was any omission on the part of the Legislature the prisoner whs entitled to the benefit of it. Mr. HUDDLESTON took the same objection in behalf of his client. He also urged that under the bankrupt law a luci,s pcnitenUtic was allowed tothe bankrupt iuntil he had ,assed his last examination, and as John Marks had not assed that examination, for all that appeared to the contrary, he might have made a full disclosure of the whole of this property, and then there would have been an end of the present inquiry. The CotRT having intimated that the learned counsel for the prosecution need only direct his attention to the poin t bhether the prisoners Samuel Marks and Simmons could be convicted as principals, Mr. J AltsES Eaid, it appeared to him that this objection was entirely unfounded, and that it was quite disposed ot by the section of the 7th and Sth of George IV., which enacted that any person who incited or aided another in the commission of any felony, whether at common law or created by statute, should be considered as an accessory before the fact, and in that capacity niight be convicted a, a prineipal. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE, after a short consultation with his learned brother, said the Court was at present of opinion that the objection was not a valid one; but, as it was a question of considerable importance, they would give the point further consideration, and they would reserve the question if it should become necessary. Serjeant BALLANtTINE then proceeded to address the jury on bebalf of the prisoner John Marks, and he contended that the evidence did not support the specific charge brought against him under the present indictment. He said ue woild not deny that he had acted recklessly and imprudently, hut it appeared to him that the evidence failed altegether to show that he had committed the very serious offence contemplated by the statute, and he said he felt assured that but for the prejudice introduced into the case by the evidence as to the disposal of large quantities of other property which had nothing to do with the present charge the jury would not for a moment think of convicting him. Serjeant PARRY and Mr. HUDDLESTOS next addressed the jury for the other prisoners. They did so very briefly, and the principal point they appeared to rely upon was the fact that Samuel Marks and Simmons appeared to have made a claim to a consdderable amnount upon the estate of the other prisoner after his bankruptcy, and they contended that all they had done was to endeavour to get a preference in the payment of their claim; and they said that, although this was undoubtedly very wrong and imuproper in a commerc1a13 point of view, yet that such a proceeding did not comne within the scope and intention of the Act of Parliament, and that if the jury believed this to be the real state of the case they ought not to convict the prisoners. Several witnewses were called to speak to the character of John and Samuel Marks, and they stated that they had known them a great many years, and they had always conducted themselves in an honourable and respectable manner. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE then summed up the whole of the evidence with great care and impartiality ; and the jury, after deliberating a short time in the box, expressed a wish to retire. Tbey left the court at 10 minutes past 5, and at a quarter to 6 o'clock they returned into court and gave a verdict of Guilty against all the prisoners. MIL JAIIES said that, as he understood their Lordships only reserved for further consideration the poiDt raised by serjeant Parry, whether the prisoners Samuel Marks and Simmons could be convictd as pritcipsos~, lh propozed to l(t the other indictments stand over until this point had leen decided. The prisoners were then called up for judgment. Mr. dustice COLERIDGE, in passing sentence, saidthatthey had been found guilty, upon evidence which was perfectly satisfactory, of the commission of a crime which no one could doubt in a great commercial country was a crime of the highest gravity, and required to be visited by very severe punishment. By the bankrupt law, so soon as a man became banlrupt tho whole of the property he possessed became the property of his creditors, and was to be equally divided among them, and it was quite clear that this law was a perfectly just one, From wbatever cause the bankruptcy arose, the creditors were entitled to have all the property that remained divided between them, and the least the bankrupt could do was to give up such property honestly in return for the immunities that he afterwards received, and any one who endeavoured to embezzle such property embezzled the property of his credito-s, and was properly held to be guilty of felony. A question of law had been raised which would undergo further consideration, but he should still proceed to pass sentence, for if that point should be decided In their favour the sentence would not be carried out, and they would suffer no hardship by the course he was taking. It was perfectly clear that a great and gross fraud bad been attempted by them all, and he and his learned brother bad looked carefully at the facts to see whether they were justified in makiDg any distinction in their cases, but they had been unable to discover any grounds for making such distinction. If they had been inclined to speculate upon the matter, they might perhaps have considered it probable that Simmons, on account of his position, and who was undoubtedly the oldest of them, had taken the most criminal part in the transaction, but they would not act upon any speculative opinion, and the sentence would therefore be the same upon them all. His Lordship then concluded by ordening each of the prisoners to be kept in penal servitude for eight years. The prisoners, and particularly Simmons, who appeared quite astounded at the sentence, were then removed from tne bar. NEW COURT. (Before the RECORDER.) Henry Zachariah Jervis, 52, clerk, was indicted for obtainiDg by false pretences from Sarah Parker, the sum of 50 shillings, with intent to cheat and defraud. Mr. W. Cooper prosecuted. The facts of the case, although very peculiar, and occu. pying the Court a lon,g time, lay in a narrow compass. She person named as the prosecutrix, although no party to these proceedings, is a lady, the widow of a stockbroker, enjoying a pension of 401. a-year from the Stock-Exchange. In early life she had a fall frorm a window, wbich affected her brain, and one of the delusions under which she labours is that she is kept out of an extravagantly large fortune,and another that she had two grownup children who died in 1852, she never having had any family, Early ia May she put an advertisement into the papers for a solicitor to take up her affairs. In consequence of this the prisoner called upon her, and, having heard from her the details of the imaginary fortune, agreed to obtain her rights and carry her through for 60 shillings, stating, at the time, that ho was a solicitor, and could practise In all the courts. She upon that occasion gave him 30 shillings, upon the second visit he said he rshould want 21. lOs which she gave to him, and at that time Mrs. Parker said that the Court Journal contained but few of his name in the legal prefesslon, and asked if he was related to the late Sir John Jervis, and he said he was his son, and that his sister was married to the Turkish Amnbassador. lady named Houghton, who was on a visit with Mrs. Parker, having some doubts about the prisoner, put some questions to him as to his place of residence, which he said were irrelevant and not usual for solicitors to answer, assuring her that he kept his carriage. had town and country house, and gave his place of correspondence 62, Newman-street. He said the case was a very clear one, that he had filed a bill in Chancery, and that she would have an allowance of 101. a- month. Re brought her a quantity of papers which he read over, and all of which purported to relate to her suit, obtaining her signature and that of ber friend, Mlrs. Houghton, to whom he expressed an opinion that she (Mrs. Parker) was not sane. Mrs. Houghton said sbe knew she was not, and as an instance told him that she had taxed her (Mrs. Houghton) with having had two children by George IV., and four by the late Duke of Wellington. Notwithstanding this, and being told that there was nothing coming to her, and that she had never had a family, he obtained money from her to search the registers relative to these children, and upon one of these occasions said the clergyman was so pleased with him that he had invited him to breakfast upon chicken and ham. He managed by these means to obtain from her about 181., when her niece interfered, and 6nding that he had not held anv certificate as an attorney for some years, and that nothin9g had been even tried by him to ascertain the truth of what had been stated, she gave him Into custody. The prisoner, in a very able speech, denied the false pro. tense, and argued that he had prosecuted the suit to the utmost, and was doing so wehen given in custody. He also called Irs. Parker, who denied mor' emphatically that he had made her any false pretence, but it was most evident she was not sane. Ir. COOPER havlng replied most ably, His LoRDSTP summed up, when The jury, after being absent Bome time, found the prlsoner Guilty, but recommended him to mercy. Prisoner.-I am Innocent, but God's will be done. The RECORDEP said, but for the recommendation he should have passed a severer sentence than he was about to do, and that was 18 months' imprisonment and hard labour. The case lasted until pact 8 at night. THIRD COURT. (Before thfe ComImoN SERJEANT.) Davld Rees Davis, 47, schoolmaster, pleaded " Guilty" to having obtained by false pretences the sum of 41 4s. from Pascoe GrenfeU and others, and also the sum of 11. Is. from Edward Budd. e Mr. BODyUN, who appeared for the prosecution, stated that the fraud with which the prisoner stood charged was one of a most mischievous character. He had, under the pretence that he was authorized, collected the sums in onestion towards maintaining one of those most useful chaiaties which adorn our metropolis-namely, the ragged schools. Such frauds upon the public were most injurious, as they tended to check the flow of charity. Mr. PE.RCE, for the prisoner, urged in his defence that he had been a ragged schoolmaster in Gravel-lane, and also in the Mint, at a very small salary, and was in great distress The COUnT sentencedtheprisoner to six months'imprison. ment, James Sankey, 27, police-constable; Matilda Ross, 1S, spinster; William Burnett, 26, labourer; and Ellen Mills, 25, widow, were indicted, Burnett and Sankey with stealing property valued at 5001., the property of Rosabella Robertson Aikman, Ross with aiding and abetting in the commis. sion of the said felony, and Mills with having feloniously received part of the said property. Mr. Orridge appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Thompson for Sankey. The learned COUNSEL having stated the case, called Mr. Aikman, who stated that the prosecutrix in this case was his mother, who being an invalid was not present. The house from where this property was stolen, 68, Portlandstreet, was hers. About three years ago witness obtained, upon application to the Marylebone station, the services of te prisoner Sankey, who was a constable in the D division, to take care of the house. The kitchen was allotted to him and his wife, and the furniture, plate, and other property were kept locked up in the other rooms, and the whole left in the care of Sankey. Witness used to call occasionally when in towvn at the house for his letters. All the rooms, excepting the front drawing-room, were kept locked. John Robertson Aikman, another son of the prosecutrix, gave similar evidence of the possession of the house by Sankey, adding that upon the 22d of October, from some information which he had received, he went to the Marylebone police station, and from there to his mother's house when he fou nd that the prisoner Sankey was not there, and that the rooms had been broken open and property, consisting of plate, linen, jewelry, and watches, amounting in value to about 5001., had been taken. He identified the traveiling trunik now produced as his sister's property. George Robson, a marine store dealer of East-street, Marylebone, said that upon the 3d of October Sankey took a lodging at his house for the prisoner Ross, and used to come occasionally to see her. Upon the 20th of that month Ross left the place in a cab, and he saw nothing more of either of them until they were in custody. He found the travelling trunk Identified by the last witness in the room which Sankey took after Ross had left. Sergeants O'Brien and Pearce, of the D division, proved examining the house of prosecutrix, and found that the different boxes and drawers had been forced, some of them with a jemmy, and also that at the time Sankey absconded he was upon the sick list. Thomas Armstrong Browne, chief superintendent of the Cork constabulary, stated that upon the morning of the 1st of November he went to a house in Middleton, county of Cork, where ho found the prisoners Ross and Sankey in bed. He told the man to Ret up, and asked his name. He said W; I mm. anti tha he was snkig ou o lesue -WiUilam," andl that he ~was mnaking 86 tour of pleasure. Witness told him that he suspected that he was the person answering the description of Sankey. The prisoner seemed to laugh at the idea. Witness then desired to look at his luggage, and, having stripped the canvass cover off a box and examined its contents, told him he should take him into custody. The woman Ross then took a watch from her neck and gave it to Sankey. Witr ess also found a gold pin and bracelet in the room. The prisoners were then taken into custody and brought to this country. The watch, bracelet, and pin were identified as part of the property stolen, as was also a silver purse found upon Ross wher. searched at the Marylebone station. Sergeant Potter, 16 D, said that being upon duty at the station after Sankey was loked up he, at his (Sankey's) desire, ivent to the cell where he was. Sankey then said he would tell the truth, as he had been deceived in two men whom another man, named W bite, had introduced to him - that they took him out and made him drunk ; that he fell asleep; that they went out for more drink, when he thought they let some one in. When he woke and found tbe place had been robbed he took the things found upon him from the drawing-room, and put them into the travelling trunk, intending to come to tha station and make a report, but fearing that the robbery would be put upon his back, be took the woman and went off. Upon last Thursday week witness went to Earl-street, Seven-dials, and after breaking into the front garret of a house there found Burnett aud Mills in bed. They den-ed having any of the stolen property on them, but from Mills's hand a gold wateb, part of the plunder, was taken. Some linen was also found, together with skeleton keys and a ' jemmy" fitting the marks alluded to upon the drawers, The jury Acqufued Ross, finding the others Guilty. Sankey was sentenced to six, and Burnett and Mills to four years' penal servitude. THE WOLVERHAMLPTON A2;D STAFFORDSHIRE BANsc.-We are requested to state that ihe meeting held at Wolverbampton on Tuesday, over which Mr. V. 0. Foster, M.P,, presided, having reference to a resumption of business by this bank, was a meeting of creditozs, and not of shareholders, as was stated in the report.
POLICE. whANSION- OUSE.-On Saturday last four children named Qaill, who had been found in a shookingly desti tute condition begging in Old Broad-street, were brought before the Lord Mayor by a police-constable. The Lord Mayor, on learning from the constable that their father was in confinement on a cbarge of felony, and that their mother sent them into the street to beg, ordered a summons to be issned to compel her attendance, and desired the constable to take the children to the union. Yesterday the mother was in attendance, and the constable said he had been making further inquiries into her character, and found she was in the habit of getting drunk with the money which her children obtained by begging. lbe had also ascertained that she had taken her children out of the union. The LORD MA'YOR.-Why did yon not let your children remain inL the unionx? Quill.-I'm too fond of them to be parted from them. The LORD MAYoR.-Why don't you go to the union yourself ? Quifl.-Because I should be parted from them there. The Loan MAYOP.-So that you are prepared to sacrifice the lives of your fouxr children by sending them inLto the streets4n this inclemenLt weather to beg, rather than they shall be in the union, where they will be properly clothed, wvarmaed, and fed during winter. YouL would rather expose them and see them die by inches In the streets, in order that they may support you. Of course you do not want to go to the union, because yotu know yon cannot get drink there. That is the greatest punmshment to you. You ought to be thankful that there iis such a place where your children can be taken care of during the winter. Do I Understand you that you refuse to let them go there? Quil (crying).-Yes, my Lord; I won't part with them. If I was deprived of my children I should be dead. The ORD AYO.-Anthe wee ortwo's exposure in the public streets wll certainly dWestroyWone of your chil- en at e, and then you will be sent to the Old Bailey for ria. I anyoneof hem s fundeither begging or deistitute, an d thcase is proved, I shall commlit you to Emanuel Solomons, who had been twice remanded, eharged with having stolen a bracelet of the value of 80 gmuneas from the shop of his mistress, Mrs. Mary Sumner, a jeweller, carrying on business in Church-row, Houndsditch, was again brought up. Mr. Lewis, for the prosecution, saia he was not in a condition to carry the case against the prisoner any further. Mr. Solomon submitted that no case whatever had been made out against his client. The LORD MAYOR said, that although there were many SuSpiCiOus circumstances ennnected with the prisoner's conduct, there was not mffieient evidence to justify his detention. He would therefore be discharged, but would be liable to be again apprehended in the event of further evidence implicating him In the robbery being obtained. MARLBOROuGH-sTRRnr.-EdwardColDins,Dugald5Suther- land, and Joseph Smith were charged with being concerned in a burglary in the house of a gentleman named Defries, 5, Fitzroy-square, and stealing plate valued at 1001. MIr. Defries said the prisoner Collins was his footman, and on the 26th of October he discharged him. The next day the prisoner Sutherland called to take the place, but was not engaged. On the 31st of October his house was entered, and about 1001. worth of plate stolen. Joseph Coombes, cabdrive:, said on the 5th inst. he was in the company of Smith, and he asked him if he know anything about Mr. Defries' robbery. The prisoner said Colins bad asked him to be in it, but, finding that Blackey (Sutherland) was also to be one, he refused to have anything to do with the matter. Mr. David Defries, son of the prosecutor. said, as he was coming downstairs one morning before Collins was discharged he saw Smith lacing his boots in Collias's room. He cuestioned Collins, and was told that, Smith being out of pacel, he had allowed him to sleep in his room. Police-constable Lambert, B 68, said, from information he received, he went to Edinburgh and apprehended SutherIand, who admitted that he knewof the robbery, but asserted that he had none of the plate. The prisoner said he knew Collins, and Collins had told him, when discharged, that he would make his master, Air. Defries, smart for it. He then went to Wokingham and took the prisonerCollins into custody at his father's house. The prisoner admitted the robbery, and said Sutherland had half of the plate and he had the other half. On the way to town by train Collins also admitted that he had a top-coat with him which belonged to Mr. Defries, and further added that part of the plate was sold to a man in Marylebone-lane, and the rest to a man in a publichouse in Petticoat-lane. The plate was broken up before the money was paid. Some further evidence was given to prove that Smith was cognizant of the robbery, and that he had seen part of the plate at Sutherland's lodgings. The prisoners were fully committed. WxsyssrNssm-Johu Kean, foreman to Mfr. W. H. Pink, builder, Eegent-street, Westminster, was finaUy cxamined, charged with embezzlement to a vast amount. Additional evidence was given, and the prisoner was committed for trial. CLERK3rWELL.-Carollne Dodson, aged 26, was charged with being concerned with others In custody in burglariously breaking and entering the dwelUing-house of Mr. James Robert Cavendish, of 17, St. Paul's-road, Camdentovn, and stealing therein four silver tablespoons, nine silver teaspoons, one pair of sugar tongs, five tablecoths, one skeleton clock, and a quantity of other property of the value of 50!. For some time past numerous burglaries have taken place in the neighbourhood of Kentish-town, and the inhabitants have been much alarmed. On Saturday last, about 4 in the morning, two men, who stand remanded until Saturday next, were apprehended in a house into which they had broken and stolen a large quantity of plate and other articles. From information which Sergeant HIU, 39 S., received, he yesterday. in company with Police-constable Cook, 198 S, went to the House of Detention, and in the neighbourhood of that prison HliU saw the female prisoner, and took her into custody. After she had been safely lodged in the police station the prisoner's residence was searched, and a number of duplicates relating to stolen property were found, and the articles have since been identified. Sergeant Hl asked for a remand, and said there was very little doubt that five or six burglaries would be proved against the prisoners, and a good deal of valuable property recovered. nr.xTYRWHIT remanded the prisoner until Saturday next. The chain which wna described in the last notice of the above robbery has, in consequence of the publicity which has been given to it, been identified. THAmEs.-Mr. Steed, superintendent of the H division, andMr. Dendy, an inspector, said there was a charge against two police-oonstables which they wete desirous the magistrate should hear. M r. SZLFE directed that the prisoners should be arraigned In the deck. John Brown, 186 H, and John Stevens, 60 H, who have been many years in the force, were then charged with causing the death of William Williams, a seaman. The result of the statements of several witnesses was that the deceased man Williams belonged to the Farewell, an American ship, but was an Englishman. On the night of the 24th of October, while on his way home, he was struck and seriously injured by two policemen. He was sent on board the Dreadnought hospital ship, off Greenwich, where he died yesterday morning. fir. SELFE said the evidence was slighter against Stevens than against Brown, and he would now allow Stevens to go at large on his own recognizance, but he should require bail for Brown. Mr. Gommn said the police-constables had voluntarily surrendered. Mr. SELFE.-Have they been on duty since the occurrence in Ratcliff-highway ? Inspector Dendy.-Yes, Sir. Mr. SELFE.-Will yoU become surety for Brown? Inspector Dendy.-I believe he will be forthcoming again. Mr. SELFE consented that both prisoners should be at large on their own recognizances until Monday next, when the investigation will be resumed. SOUTHWAR5C.-A report appeared a few days ago respect- I ing two remarkably good-looking young coloured girls, who were brought to this court by Police-constable 85 M1 charged with soliciting alms in Blackman-street, Borough. It appeared that they were dressed very neatlyrin lig>'coloured clothing, such as is usuaUy worn by female slaves in the Southern States of Ameriea, and walked by the side of the kerb, the elder sister carrying a placard inafront of her on which was written " Fugitive Slaves from America," and the younger carried a money-box in which was a shilling im copper money. When before the magistrate they in the most artless nmanner stated that they were fugitive slaves, having last fall escaped from a plantation in Kentucky, and found their way to Philadelphia, in the free Stateof Pennsylvania. They were then sent to Greenock by some benevolent person, with the view of getting into some sort of service. BeiDg unable to obtain employmentthere, they came to London, and, faring no better, they had resort to an appeal to the kindness of the English people. They then told Mr. Burcham that they most likely could gain a livelihood if they had the means of purchasing wool for knitting caps and eloves, which they had frequently done in America. Mr. Burchham h then, believing that there miglht be some rut their story, granted them a trifle from the poorbox to enable them to buy some wool, when they left the court, expressing their gratitude. Since tben his Worship had receirved several smaLI sums from benevolent individuals for Yesterday afternoon they attended for the purpose of showing their smaL stock of knitted caps which they had been enabled to make up through the kindness of his Worship. Mr. BunRcnA told them since they were before him on the last occasion he had nbt only received several small sums for their uese,bnt letters from various persons, snme of whom were of high distinction, offering to take care of them and place them in comfortable situations. He had also received e,n anonymouts letter which did not speak ver highly,o their characters, so that he had thought it mi',it be nece sary to make some inquiries about them before he answered the letters of those wiling to assist them. He inquired where they now resided. The elder girl said that they had removed from B3ishopsgate-street to the house of hfr. Smith, 10, WVentworthatreet, Whitecbapel. Mr. Edwin (chief clerk) leformed Iiis WVorship that Wentworth-street was f ul of low lodginghouses, similar to the Mint in this district. Mr. BuRciieiir (to the girl).-Do you k-now Crown-court, Wenrtworth-street ? Girl.-Yes, Sir. We lodge in a honse there at the back of No. 101. We have a room there, and pay half-a-crown a-weekc for it. Mr. BuRhno r.-Does any one else live with you ? Girl.-Oh no, Sir. Mr. BuRcRza,-Have you a father and mother in England? GirL.-No, Sir ; my parents were slaves, and one of them died about 18 months ago. We were about to be parted and sold, when by the kindness of somo persons we were ehiabed to escape to a free State. MSlr. BrRcSSSr.-Istberea coloured man living in the iz-o,u is a colourei living in the ame court, but he has a wife and a large family. We have knitted some caps and sold soa,e, and what remains of our stock yoa can inspect. Mr. BURCHAM examined their small Mtock of knitted cas, vhich they had carefully placed in a box, and asked hether they had sold many. Eldest GirL-We have sold several, Sir, and these are all we have left. We have not sold one to-day. Mr. BURCIIAM.-DO you know the name of the vessel yoU came from America in? Girl.-Yes, Sir, the brig Jane. She left Philadelphia last spring. Mr. BuRcHA3.-Wbo defrayed the expenses of your | passage to Greenock? GirL-Some free coloured persons in Philadelphia, Sir. Mr. BuRcHnA told them that an officer of the Mendicity Society had promised to make inquiries respecting them, but he had failed to attend before him to make his report, However, they appeared to have made an attempt to obtain their own livelood by industry, therefore he hoped that their story was true. Under those circumstances he should order them to be paid 5s. out of the benevolent contributioDs to enable them to go on for a few days. On Monday next they might call again, when, if their story proved correct, no doubt they would be taken care of. The girls thanked his Worship for his kindness and withdrew. LA1rM7vL-Mr. William Hill, a musician, was charged with threatening the life of his wife and mother-in-law. The prisoner had been charged at this court three months ago with sending threatening letters to a relative, a gentleinaa who had behaved with the greatest kindness towards him, and on that occasion was ordered to find bail for three nmonths, which time he served in prison. Mrs. Hill, a respectable-looking person, a member of the company at the Princess's Theatre, deposed that for some considerable timne she had beensubjected totheill-treatment and violence of her husband, and since his discharge from prison, on Friday last, his conduct had been of the most singular character. He paced the room all day, and his language and threats were such that while in his presence she was in continual dread of her life, and she had no doubt that, unless restrained, he would do her some eerious mischief. He hbad also made use of violent threats towards her mother, and repeatedly said she shonld not live beyond Friday next. Lockyear, one of the summoning officers belonging to the conirt, said that on goin tolserve the warrant and apprehend the Prisoner on the nig t before, he, on seeing the prisoner at his lodgings, told him he had a warrant for his apprehension, and requested he would accompany him to the stationbouse. This he refused to do, and acted with such violence and determination that he was compelled to put thDe handenff on before he could remove him. Prisoner.-I complain of the treatment I received at your hands, and had I cut you down it would serve you right. Mr. Spencer Lambert, the treasurer to the Princess's Theatre, said he attended by the desire of Mr. Cbarles Kean to bear testimony to the respectability of Mrs. Hill, whose conduct was everything to he wished for, while the behaviour of her husband towards her he (Ur. Lambert) believed to be of the most cruel and violent character. Mr. EILIoTT.-Why do you think so ? Mr. Lambert.-Because I have seen her come to the theatre with black eyes and her face so disfigured as to be scarcely fit to be seen, and I repeat that her husband, in my optnion, has behaved with great and unmerited cruelty towards her. Further evidence was given of the fact that, when taken on the former charge, the prlsoner had in his pocket a tableknife, which had evidently been fresh ground down to a fine point, so that it had been formed into a very dan. gerous weapon. The magistrate ordered the prisoner to put in bailtwo sureties in 201. each to keep the peace and be of good behaviour for the space of two months. John Wilkinson, a shoemaker, residing in 1ast-atreet, ambeth, was charged with intermarrying with Ann Sullivan, his former wife Frances being then and still alive. Erom the evidence it appeared that the prisoner had been married upwards of so years ago at Bury St. Edmunds, and in five years after he deserted his wife to live with Ann Sullivan, as she called herself. In 1853, the prisoner, married this woman, solely, asit wasaUeged, on her promise of leaving off her drunken habits and taking the pledge, but her passion for gin was too strong to resist, she soon broke her pledge, and the prisoner in consequence sent for his frst wife, which led to the present charge. The defence set up was that the second wife was the lawful spouse of John Alexander, a mau of colour, at present living in Kent. Both wives were present, and the second admitted that she had been the wife of John Alexander, but said that person was dead and hadi been dead before her second marrnage. The prlsoner requested a rernand, and said he should on a future day produce John Alexander, the black man, who s at present living with a woman by whom he had four children. His request was granted, and he was remanded for a week.
THE WEATHER., HIGHMTLD-HOUSE OBSERVATORY, NEAB. NTOT. TINCIHAM. Monday.-Greatest beat In shade, 52-5°; adopted mean temperature, 45-6° - mean pressLre, 29-217; mean tempe. rature of evaporaton, 425°'; range of temperature, 135°, amount of solar radiation, 2.50. Fine day, vith brisk wind and falling barometer and very much ozone. Wind S.W.- p.m., auroral arch faint; 11.30 p.m., strong streams of of aurora borealis ; 11h. 37m. 45s., a splendid meteor, leav-. meteor had vanished. Tuesday Morning.-Oreatest cold ia night, 32929; amount of evaporation, 0-030 inch; minimum tmperature on grass, 28'9'. Very dense mist wind, N.W. ; no ozone, and barometer fallen to 29189 at 9 a.m. TABLE FOR THE WBEEKE rjDN Nov. 2L The day of the greatest heat and cold varied in different localities. The greatest range of temperature occurred at Manchester-viz., 22.9'. The highest temperature was at Helston-viz., 62.0', and the lowest at Norwich, 33 0'. No rain fell at Worwich. The greatest amount of rain fell at Exeter-viz,, 1-182 inches, and at Heiston 1-180 inches, In no other place did the amonat exceed a quarter of an ineh, and in most places it was under one-tenth of an inch. Rain fell on one day at Mauchester and Arbroath; on two at Glocester, Belvoir Castle, and Stonyhurst on three at Clifton, Grantham, lighfield-house, Leicester, and Elgin; on four at Durham; and on five at eilston and Exeter. Helston.-On 18th, from 5 to 8 p.m., above nine-tenths of an inch of rain fell; wind east, and very brisk. Glocsster.-Foggy; temperature above the average, and thrush singing. 3elborne.-Thrnsh singing. Mancbester.-Greatest cold on grass, 350'° Slioth.-On 18th brill iant aurora borealis. B. J. LOWE. LONDON T&PHEtR&TURE krATt oF TEE TEaSzOMrx A.ND BAROXM,rr AT rTE ROYAL HUlANX Sorurys RsRarVxmo-nousE, HYDE PARE. Nommneua 24. Thermonet&. Barometer. Wind Weather. MOeDing, NeOD. Night. 9a m. 4dzing the 9a.m. Minimum dar ("--ny 43 4 3i 31' 29.38 8.' wt. rain H. WTLIAISd, Baperdwaudent. SrArE oF Tm! TEamrBoxZrrB N Er- TcrA5s Tuoiqirm AND ouzroms ix Tan ~' in. Roramusrrim. NO' ABER 2L Day, Noon. NIght, mnidmum. TunneL Yard. TunneL 1..r. 57* 43S 55' 33' W. W. MASON, Sauoriutandent.
POSMON OF S1IAREHOLDERS OF JOINT-STOCE BA3sN.-There Is an attempt being made just now through motives the very reverse of those professed, to excite public sympathy on behalf of the shareholders of those banks whose past management the presert monetary criss has proved to be defective. We feel very deeply for many of these unfortunate persons, and yield to none in reprobating the reckless speculation and mismanagement by which their money has been squandered and themselves in too many cases brought to the verge of beggary and ruin. But we imust not allow our sympathy to run away with our reason. It wiUl not do to create a distinction between bank shareholders and partners in other business specnlations, when really there is none; and if banking investments and other trade investments are of the same class, they should have the same principles applied to them. Now, in trade It is a very well understooa general law that great profits mean great risks, and if we find that the banks which have proved unsound in their management were paying their sbareholders large dividends as compared with those paid by other well-conducted establishments, we are driven to the conclusion that, in the loFs which has overtaken them now, the shareholders are simply being called to account for former inordinate profits. Looking back at the quotations in the Edinburgh share-list a couaple of years ago, what do we find? Taking the Britissh Linen Company's Bank on the one hand, as the model of an establishment conducting a sound trade as moneylender, ac., and the Western Bank as its opposite in this respect, we find the law we have mentioned fully borne ont by the fiznres placed opposite the names of these establishments. A 1001. share of the British Linen Company's Bank, ths price of which is stated at 22S3., paid a dividend of 91. to its holder; two shares of the Western, of 501. eacb, and changing hands at the price of 761. each, or 1521. for the two, paid a dividend of 81. to the proprietor of them. Why is this ? Here we have, in the case of the British Linen Company. an investment of 2231. purchasing an annual income of 9, while an investment in the Western of onlv 1521. purchased an annual income of 81 If the profits of both banks had been equal theWestern should have been able to pay only a little more than 61. amnually to the person who invested i521. in the purchase of its stock, instead of 81., its deola.ed dividend. Is it not wonderful, with such handsome profits accruing, that all the shareholders of the British Linen did not sell out and buy Western stock ? It certainly is, if we are now to condole with the shareholders of the Western as mere victims, and to rail against the management of their bank as a matter in which they bad neither participation por profit. But this will not do. The man who purcbased Western stock knew very well, or should have known very well, what he was doing. It must have been well understood in the share-market that only speculative and hazardous management could enable the WVestern Bank to pay the dividend it was paying; and the low price of the stock, as compared with the amonnt of dividend, was eccasioned by the very calculation of the greater risk thus arising. W"hen, therefore, any one invested his money in Western stock he knew that he bought a large dividend and a large risk. If he wanted a big return for a little money, and was not afraid of tho risk that implied, he joined the Western in specuxlation. If, on the other hand, he wished to have his capital safely laid up, and was not greedy of gain, he inrested in the British Linen Company's. or some other safely condcWted bank. While, then, it is very lamentable that ruin should threaten so many persons through the failure of thewestern It is only just to remember that the chance of that ruin gave them hitherto a good income for a comparatively small snm of money. They cannot fairly com plain because the event has corue which they knew very well might come, and the probable, perhapseudden, occurreneo of which wvas an element in theirmoney-making calculations.-Edin irrghDaily Expre.ss,
SHIP NB WS, --l-T -. .. The Bowdj, from ostonm rpvml, was Struok by ligbtnlng, burnt.abd mFDy o¢n November the Id, 100 mls.w from Sable lIland. The Colonel lf9ae, from Wilmington for Liverpool, put b*k to Wilmington leakiDg badly, and would have to olsobarge. The Ocean Faroorlte, from |ardenia, at Charleston, for repl1rfl hvrlng rptOlI a leak. TDe ileamer City of BltfImore, which left Nvw York on the 13th of November, hae lwied at this poet. The oyalail steamer Indina, hich left Montreal on the 14thof November, has arrived *t thic port. The stemer Abi, from thS pOlt, arrIoed :t Now York outhe Uth The steamer Baltlo h ailed for Now York with £10,000 fn specie. Asrrved.-The Cultivator. ftom New York--the Woming from Philadelphia-the steamer bom, from Llasbon-ttbeFriskt, fromn Alexandriathe Vld, from Deulath' htam, from Grlatz-the Dime. drles'hlre, from SavanDlla. Off the PorI.-The Abtnlan, the 0.1R.O., the Bramley, and the oed.-The Georgina, for Bonna-the steamer Anglo-Raxon, for LoNmon, Nor. 26,-Thicr, hazy weather. F ALM0UTH, Nov. 23.-Off the port, the Goorg asd Ludwdg, from Ponta enaes for order and London, and the Borneo, from Penang. Arrihed, the steamer Teora. from =eDtblin, dleft for London-the IaBnrSgOI for- Habug.No.W.Wnd, X. an.-Arrived, the IPSDm, front frontevideoL-the Caliope, from HOdesna.-the BGaoo, from atiaes-the thlye Hdwg froma Labuna-the kWbias,s, fromn Bomkty. Samiled, oth Eatlerford-tae Dzenrmarand torDhe UBol, frorh BremaeXhe thenstil, , for H l. E le,teS en~c,fr udf- Blocerandi -the BDr, l lueh for l Itgahf BEAMAILo,% Nov. St.-Wind N.E. rain. arrived, ther yeIemprday.eha ollt.~ ~ ~ ~~~~~vy abadoedd wtw fromFaye-thStels. fom avsnah-had takenf from insthe f QCuesfo^rdtheBzoT fr.mThe E2linbhe Ter, from, ratCaehetet thanded essfrAndtom mletmornlng, trh elndei. Port Cathe crd- f BoELuMAIon I Nov. 24.-The Avon whie, b arrvdmroyeserduay, b b lianded 10a the rew oftne wlntheanige, of thoe abandoe, waren- nod The Urock oi St.ed awrenc, th ieachse aod vteakero (tihberSi Cohn~ ~~~Fm Cmpbell. wb.30 oa n goyo, ove. A-Itdeo wn on te has Vustebeen reeied tha the steamer Jorlgcyth, from Cronatadt for Hll, hic a stomrjandfed. axpaTe I Geiratl aote. 2The Iamagedargo beingnarlm,y'lw out.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 51N.merdo , Nor.;24-The se a , from Cape faer fice oat Cnalre ae teereote forthdo, h it 40eoenn oflmail,f stended near Anron thamttorng Crea er Planded. Part ofb therg omRi., Nor. 24.-TheGrelorgelfa, from Gametz, rfroicba hrict8alloL-Thegoun ateame2r 80bo, *outb ooa n dowrthe Dwamerypes giodnhd, on the Head an onethes sitmo tah in the risvt., heseroe So t r dfebrge BRMp. NTheGwrec o 2teas ea 8 tdoch seoahr DAltsoher faro Btimadrka whic iSunerlnd,gsavd.A streon shearo th near Vels ibehnt. dp chording , romaDram-th foree btom atd e GaLbt butIt inforobablese m v.t -be the ItUa bark savled.e n Got sm-hor tide therl fotlrom Rand iely s tehe awlten, Tics DaDesl th hark orwatsem, from Gibaltar sonded Inthe Outer harbour bu wilbe gwotr, lromnex tbo Bondon, fromeNenrastba-been Ae- ULowxaxoyv f ofov. 3.-The brig Energy, o Shields,te r boat d for Lcndo n, ha s been assisted In here leaky, hav e n on the Mummoeax Sands. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ h ee mor n GRAXES, Nov. 25. (BY Y.O;GNTO TXoXR&P tY'om Llord's.} 9pot aomn-Wonrho t.h 16th, has enaed Co , ov. l e ro cls n, of Belfast, from ~the roBep orltghum f om rclvete Groentdt at t.eor fromth, Bondogn-the RAnmber randt, tat on e from ofJnebdge truce tgan ithe retro H or'he stred la htkeavge off h rest o er Tigea, from bo,anatwer tentmrmehoeYdom,No..- Brenc sononefor Aclthfo iM frWed.-The abi, gor Soahorevon r neambrg-the temer Ha moom-Win, a rm; woeth forkl but -Thc pbbrlegh maylr beo saved. r3 n heso,n t LIe.ATh, No. t2-or somdraysht,taorttlrd-the stham eren the bow,var for Rothenrdam rience here,WIth.. th inde at.W g 2 feto water Oneahe lgthe. r The_ rkiad.-Tblcuttoa mmn Qrobae, wnash Syedr.,atrlog Jandoutd le. C0olu,blone. 1m byamthe fe Autrme, rreod Pnll the Gumbles- the Yottha lRrefeb, crdom the rfthia, otober B oremeDartm the L2sslendthelno,4 rm W. rniF-h bynte N, Alviral- iPe do . rlde, from Ode ebiuot forzIe , ndro m Nas beekathe Anbi wrecked. nar the fertple. Cro w dabroned DEAL~ND Nov. 25. (BY MAorcrTro TMRArnr4 (From Lloyd's.l 9.30 aym.-Wlnd. S.w. : tydB, 4moderate; sie. Amrrvod. -Pe rth-Tbe Borneo,r, from C t nanthe westward Eort from Ram-thlesteae f Holnd, from usf ebc tZnd e rl .B,ardiff Gor Ld thbmi; lbo eUfug, f rom g the Betla u, fnr Latndo. Aseled.-ne steame Pante, from Colomboh Alexandeo Borrlvom an d ran - botrom for Lam.tde samlorer LThkil, fomarbromgthe stenamd for tier fomAe ntw - The amer l hedoam, froml Bnndu,. Talled.-The ste,mer Baohote fo r Holton seame 1ane Tben Th feori 8tarl istemern rlor, funor A otea. 1,am la. ha Algom.-Way, both. m Lonedour's ar S rloood.m,frm h Tbest he O orstbEmer Cadaor for Nord 1Senlt N. how fbore , from LonteTdoa for Rio lalt. 7.30 Iran-WnydFw.; tide, igh water; weathe llght21 Wed.The DuTe Cagst o fromCe-thor Aynmmerpthe try, foro CElnt- the ColumbIne, om Dora-the Aurora, foro B Nam pst ilur faerr rom Liaath tBs, fOro CLiesbonthe H9,enb, fro N.,tloug, Tbue-te 8r ederic,57, from anergothreollod frcomicar, Xo-. tho Tnortlhward f ror t me wetwroaDomrr,O'.0 n a.1 .og Arrlvodandth Ema, fromeGBorneoey-h m, from Png th yHalvinTbe id,orer , from LoesIsa-helonon, from Newr York -hen at.w ;an marisehie, from C AlbotexMauria,al for om orons-h sacia rn rald.-nd A. Netrune.Te for Haebrgo-h Saer l pldn for Bombay-the CM Hmlaryao, fror tAd orhwrdlaide.e-tw The ark D-Tindhi.ry S, moudefrLateoutIne.L2,I a.2 . og TPOsed. -Hromathest' shipe OtGoodHo foromanthe westw.rd fcr th ITve-he W lesternta, from Beo De yrr s for L-mond or1,in-lthe Nmbe Th ooWEPr,from Callaofo Lndn-thorig Reige,Nfrom thei westwar fOe LondonS . TS ohnre tthe, from Odesa,bot for London. o.7 n a.4'N AThe omeryd. from Adelaide foromLondion, for. B,inbs- Mait. 5 . fromElondione,fror Colons. o aIot,Set 7,ilt.2 . Thld.Te Ida,y forx, 1 i Hartepoo .,lon.21W ThNDom.Wnw of modveran.Ote. 1 nlt . og 3W Thse .Thameb,frgmBarley, for L~om uenOsctre andI the Acorn, long. Anhoed. AhrAegodi, from LondonrRabrs. e, 2 for Sio Panulo. Thled.-Ve Du f erCaey, fork ASt.eer's, Ot. 23Poinlat, 4for Elongr.- The Wandrthra, forLomdllonteSa for Brem, et29inla. 3 . og Thaed-o 1,i73 inte balueih burgeIAerpothfr Jamais chne, from22 oth northwardfeurtewstad from Richrmdt;h Brioabet fron BmrighOt.2,fromauebec the,Ealong The .Torephgae, from ALeondri,nl for bwu lr,Ncon.19Inlt 9. Arrhe standrAmrca.fore.TeJno fvrDomoodeln for Pointax Node3 GleThe shipntimaa, from theif northwdiz d of Lsornh.wwad TeAorkin Deoshieondn afor 8Londtemon, st 21,3na. O. long.a
THE LOSS OF THE DUNBAR. TO TFIE EDITOR OF THIE TIMES. Sir,-From the account I have recently read in your great journal of the fearful sacrifico of lifo by the loss of the Dunbar, on the east coast of Australia, I am induced from my years of experience in Australian navigation, and from having entered Sydney harbour in command of both sail and steam ships at various hours of the night and in almost every variety of weather, to offer through 7he Times a few remarks on that most fatal shipvreock. The cause is clearly owing to an error in the Danbar's position, for with tho Sydney Head light on the same bearing a few miles further from tho land, the course sho appears to have steered on bearing np, according to the statement of Johon (the only survivor), would have taken her to the harbour's month. Had there been a light on the North Head this mistake in the position of the Danbar would have been discovered and the ship saved. The present light on the South Head, although well placed for pointing out the whereaboats of Sydney from far seawards, is too much along the coast to show the entrance of the harbour when close in of a dark night. The floating light at a reef within the sarbour's mouth is a guide in for steam vessels, but it open out much too close to the North Head to make it of safe use to sail ships, particularly in southerly winds or bad weather. As a safe central guide Into the harbour I should suggest placing a high and a low fixed light on a cliffy projection close inside (Middle or St. George's Head), from which you have a clear view seawards between the high cliffs that frown over the narrow entrance of the harbour on either side. The owners of the illfated Dunbar can now alone answer the question as to what charts of the coast of Australia Captain Green was navigating his ship by. If they were not the latest (those of Her Majesty's steamer Acheron, when under my command), the erroneous position of the Danbar may In some degree be accounted for. It might also be owing to an indraught or current, the latter of which is at times strong snd irregular on that coast, or, perhaps, to an unnoticed leeway of the ship ; but either of these would have been pointed out by a bearing of the North Head, had there been a light to show its position. On looking down from the cliffs against Which the doom ed Dunbar was dashed to atoms in a midnight gale I have shuddered at the thought of some hapless ship getting into such a frightful position. These cliffs drop sheer down from a height of nearly 200 feet, and have a very narrow, irregular, rocky ledge at their sea level. In the hope that tho suggestions I have bere considered it my duty to make for the better lighting of Port Jackson (commonly called Sydney Harbour) wi;l command attention and help to prevent the recurrenceo of such a fearful sacrifice of life, I have the oonour to be, Sir, Your obedient humble servank L. LORT STORES. I Rue Dnhrbot. Paris. Nov. 24. P.S. I may mention that many years ago a convict ship similarly situated met vith the same fate as the Dunbars I believe the loss of life -was greater, though more were aved.
AMERICA. [A poridon of the foUowing appsared in our second ed' iion of yesterday:-j LIVERPOOL, WED=NESDAy. The Liverpool, New York, and Philadelphis Company's screw stean'ship City of Bal'timore, beitch commander, arrived this morning, with advices from New York tn the 12th inst., being one day later than those received per the Persia She has brought 350 passengers, but no specie. At noon on the 19th inst. the City of Baltimore passed the steamship Vanderbilt, fom Havre and Southampton, for New York; and on the 23d, at S a.m., signalled the Royal mail steaunhip America, hence, for Halifax and BSoston. The leaders of the more moderate of the unemployed had an interview with the Mayor on the 11th, and presented a petition from (500 or 700 of the working class. The chief spokesman, G. Gordon, addressing his worship, stated that they had left Tomkins-square, where those they represented were assembled In large numbers, to have that interview. The desired to say that so far as the real working men were concerned they never had contemplated any movement which might have a tendency to disturb the public peace, and that the only persons who were disposed to be boisterous were a few "rowdies" who took advantage of the excitement to indulge in their propenBlty for mischief. There was not the slighte3t foundation for the apprehension, which appeared to exist more in some of the newspapers than in any desire of the unemployed to disturb the peace of the city. They simply applied for work; they were destitute, and many of them had not sufficient to maintain themselves and fam4lies for a single day. It was therefore necessary that they should get this work at once. The Mayor, in reply, told them that the Board of Central Park Commissioners had resolved to employ 1,000 men as soon as they could obtain money to pay them. He uirged them to walt patiently a few days longer. The deputation then desired to know what they should do till qthey got work, as 3ome of the nersons whose names were on the list were, as they had already said, destitute, and the fact that they had wvives and children rendered their necesslties more pressing. In view of these facts the Mayor said that if thev would furnish him with a list of the names and residences of any who were in such extreme poverty as they had described he would make a requisition upon the Almshouse Department to furnish them with the necessary supplies, which he had no doubt would be promptly forthcoming. The committee then promised to msake out such a list. "During the wholo of the interview," says the New Yor7c erald- " The deputation were orderly and well-behaved, and, inrtead of indulging In threats, their whole manner preseated the appearance of men who were actually subdued by suffering and want. In conclusion, they thanked the Mayor for the attention which he had given to their appeal; reiterated their deslre to.keep tho peace ; said that there were bad men who, taking advantage of the times, had come among them with the view of inciting them to riot, and that they wanted the public censure and condemnation to fall on thosa who were really guilty. As for tho poor working men, it was hardly just that they should suffer for the Incendiary language and conduct of a few vicious people who wouldn't work if employment were offered them. Yesterday (said a member of the committee) some FourierItes came among them, and it was evident from their langaag6 that they had teen sent from the Triboune office to excite the passions of the crowd. What the working men wanted, howover, was work, and not the vague theoric3 of such men. They were, said this member, satisfied that the Mayor was disposed to do everything in his power for them. To this the Mayor said that they were right in so believing, that this interview had afforded him great gratification, because it r isured him of what he had always believed, that the true working men were not the enemies of law and order, and that, although he was fully prepared to meet a'y violence that might occur, his preparations being of the most extensive character, yet he had dismissed the force of pollce from the hall, believing that the city was never more free from riot; and that as for the raccals who were exciting them to disorder he would take care of them. In regard to the poor working men nothing was to be apprehended from them. The committee then retired as quietly as they had entered, expressing their confidence that the cndeavours of the Mayor to procure them work ands asist. ance would he successful." In the meantime Tomkins-square, which was full of people from an early hour in the morning, was the scene of something very !ike a riot. The first victim of the " rowdies" was a bread deliverer, who was espied carrying a huge basket. " We want bread." "1 Fall in." "Now for the baker," and other cries of a similar nature were instantly raised, and away rushed about 2,000 men as rapidly as they could run across the square in the direction of the unsuspecting carrier, who continued to move across the park in the dircction where his business led him, still unconscious of the fate that awaited him, until he was completely enclosed by the crowd on all sides. A charge was at once made on the basket, and, notwithstanding the energetic interference of one or twvo of the moderate party, a scramble ensued, in which the baker was roughly handled. The bread was scattered in every direction. When order, such as It was, was restored, one of the baker's defenders stood up and censured the mob for their violence, but he was soon silenced and escorted from the squgre in disgrace. At the commencement of thls affair the shopkeepers put up their shutters and closed their doors. Presently another baker was seen, and, notwithstanding a stout defence, he was pillaged, and a severe fight took place between the mob for posse2sion of the spoil. At this moment a body of police, sin or seven strong, appeared on the scene, and the mob immediately turned upon them, enclosed and hustled them; they were glad to escape amid a shower of brickbats and other missiles. During these proceedings a party of more orderly people stood aloof awaiting the return of the depu tation, and denouncing the rioting. But many of that body grew impatient of waiting for the return of tbelr leaders, and convened an impromptu meeting, of which they elected George Campbell chairman, who said, upon coming forward "They had met together that morning for the rourpo'e of hearlng the result of the interviews of their committee with the minicipal authorities, and it would app--ir from the present state of things that they were going to have no report to-day. That promise which had been made by the-- committee relative to the time at wlhich they had appointed to meet them had been violated. The horr was pa-sed, and he believed that the committee bat only added another Instance to the many in which they had d^ceived them. Workmen should put no faith iu any men during the present crisis. All are for themselves now a days, and when the cush comcs the workmen are left in the lurch or carried on by promises. (Cheers.) He would not adsise them to remaia any longer in Tomklns-square, where the acts of working men might be confounded with those of rowdies. whom they depreca+3. The City-hall is the place for the working men to semble in their majesty and assrt their rights as citizens. He would not advise them to do anything hastily, or to march down now as they had done on former occasions, more resembling a rabble than the strength of the community; but he would advise them to appoint a committee of 10 men, who would devise measures which they might report at 3 o'clock for the adoption of the meeting. Then they would not parade down town, when, perhaps, 10 out of the whole lot might not be armed, and when a few police could drive them where they liked, but they would march down as the strength, the power, both civil and military, of the great city that they have the honour to inhabit." Much cheering succeeded the speech, and measures were taken in committee. But at this moment the attention of the mob was attracted to a band of German musicians, and a scene followed wbich we w4ll give in the Nem' York Eerald's words:- " The cry was at once raised and spread throughout the entire square that now was the time to march to the park, they must have music, &ec. There was then a general, almost a univerr-,l, rush in the di.ection of the musicians' wn o unconsciously displayed their bright brass instruments and continued to advance just where they were wanted. Like other victims, they were soon surrounded and, without a moment's notice, whirled away by the multitude towards their head-quarters-the centre of the park. Here there is a basin, where a fountain formerly played, but the spape in. closed by it is now perfectly dry and answers as an amphitheatre wherein many of the deliberations of the working men have been held. In the centre of this basin the Gorman band was placed by the mob, notwithstanding their efrorts to resist the merisure. The mob then demanded that they should play for them ; and, after reluctantly consenting, and when they had remonstrated in vain, they at length F-ruck up 'Garryowen,' IPatrick Day,' 'Rory O'Moore,' and played away gaily for about half-an-hour their long Visages presenting a quairt contrast to the jollity of the crowd and the animation of the strains that pro. ceeded from their instruments. The entire scene much resembled a theatrical piece, and the way the crowd was arranged bore a great similarity to the audience as they are placed in a theatre. The kerb stones surrounding the basin are about 2 feet in height, and on these, which nust be termed the dress circle, the crowd had collected, and presented a most impenetrable front to those inside- while thousands flocked into the basin, which resembled the pit of a theatre, and pressed closely round the musicians, so that they were forced to leave off playing altogether. The mob caUed loudly for more mu sic. The Germans endeavoured to extricate themselves from the diffl. culty In which they were placed by several Ineffectual endeavours to break out of the basin; but they were obliged at last to succumb to the desire of the mass, and compelled to resume the music. This continued but a few moments, when It was proposed that they should march to the City HaU, with the band at their head. The Germans consented. The march began, and a procession of the most motley, irregular, and ludicrous description was set in motion; but every one in the procession appeared to desire o ocoupy tho plaNo this broight him in QVoset Q9flt i v,;th the miisc; cors eueztly there wrs such a rush to the front that the musicdans were not only hamrered, but crushed. Of course the playing ceased. The procession, wlFh had never been properly formed, became a confused mass, sud the musicians, ts-king advantage of an opening in the crowd, dtered off to effect their escape, but they were anticipated; 300 or 400 men, who aU along suspectcth theirfidelity, were on the watch in advance for a movement of this description. No sooner, therefore, had they escapedfrom, one trap than tbey were caught in another. But the Germans had already suffered so much that they were not going to give up the contest after having gained an advantage. They battle with these; their instirauents were broken In the struggle, and, being infuriated, they continued the fight obstinitely and at last succeeded In making good their escape from the park into Avenue A, battling still with the crowd. After making a temporary halt in Eighth-street, near Avenue A, for the purpose of trving to rerson with the crowd, the musicians once more attemptcd to effect their release, but, finding that the rowdies were determined to foow and annoy them, they undei took to escape by running. ln this they were, however, again foiled, for no sooner had they struck into a runntng pace than the rabble, imitat'ng their example, soon passed and again surrounded them. Arriving at about the middle of the block, and finding that there was no other hope left them than to seek efue in some of the houses in the vicinity, one of their n=.e named Jules lemoinue, of 138, Reade-street, immediately dodged Into the front area way of a large house, whither he was soon followed by a portion of the crowd, while the remainder remained outside in the streetwatching for his reappearauce, and shoutingto their comrades to bring him out. lhe other members of the band were apparently lost sight of for the moment in the anxiety of the crowd to recapture this one man, of which they at once took advantage, and made good their escape down First-avenue and through Seventh-street. The unfortunate and now lonely musician was soon taken charge of by a gentleman who, seeing his dilemma, pushed through the crowd to his assistance, and marched from the area and Eighth-street to First-avenue, followed by and amid the jeers and scoffs of The gentleman and his charge, continues the Herald, "Followed closely by the crowd, passed throu.h First. axenue to Ninth-street, thence to Second-avenue and down Second-avenue to opposite the Mayor's house, No. 122, where a temporary halt was made by the musician and his friend in consequence of the crowd demanding that he should play for the Mayor, which he assured them he could not, as his instrament had been broken and he was out of wind. Meanwhile the crowd proceeded to propose Pnd give three cheers for Mayor Wood and the Democratic party. While this compliment was being paid the Mlayor the musician, with bhs captor, walked off rapidly down the avenue. The crowd immediately started after, but after proceeding a short distance, as if by mutual consent, turned back, gave the Mayor three more cheers, and then retraced their steps to Tompkins-square, meeting as they did so a posse of some 30 or 40 policemen, under command of Inspector Hartt, of the Seventeenth ward, who were standing on the sidewalk corner of Ninth-street and First-avenue. These the crowd passed with groans and jeers, taking up their position on the opposite corner of the street, and facing the police. One of our reporters advanced to Captain Hartt, and, in a civil manner, said to him, 'Good morning, Captain; what's out ?I Captain Hartt (apparently greatly excited, and very gruffly)-' This is no place to talk;' and retreating a few steps, 'Fall in, mnen; file, left march.' This order was speedily obeyed by the men, and they were marched off down rst.avenue, away from the crowd, who thereupon gave them three groans, and returned to the square to again join the meeting. Before the conclusion of the scene narrated above the deputation returned from its interview with the Mayor, headed by some members of the police. The mob were then called to order, and the chairman announced that work would be given on the following day, the Controller having promised to advance $1,000 per diem until the point of $250,060 should be attained. This statement gave satisfaction to the meeting, which was then addressed by the deputy superintendent of police as follows :- " I have the pleasure and satisfaction of comaing before you to announce the result of a consultation with the Police Commissioners and the Superintendent of Police, sud they have come to the conclusion that it is not the working men or mechanics who are dispos-d to create disturbances. We know that in al communities there is always a party that will do what it can to take advantage of the working men, and, therefore, in all our consultations we considered that any breach of the peace had nothing to do with the working men; but instead of that, if help were necessary to us, in the performance of oar duty towards the State, the working men are the first in the community upon whom we would call for assistance. Therefore we have been very forbearing with the working men, and I am authorized to say that the police department will protect you in your rights-in the rights that belong to men, for I know that the working men are men,-and if, gentlemen, we are compelled to act extremely in any case, I assure you we wil not interfere with you. (Cheers.) I now, as the deputy superintendent of police in this city, say that I know the feeling of every policeman in it is in favour of the working men, and that they would this day do what they could to assist them, and that they wil do it most cheerfully when there is occasion. After the cheering had subsided, which burst forth at the conclusion of this speech, three cheers were proposed for the police, and enthusiastically responded to by the entire multitude." Measures had been adopted for the defence of the arsenal. Meetings of the unemployed had taken place at Philadelphia, at which the following resolution had been poased.- 4 Whereas, from the present alarniing condition of our financial affairs, that has led to an almost universal bankruptcy, ruin and stagnation of all businesa, a lack of employment of labour has caused very many working men andtheir families to want for bread, the cause of 'which needs no comment at this time, as it is too apparent what has been done in deranging our Currency cannot be undone; we must have relief or want for bread ; the best securities, our oity warrants, are selling at a discount, while one dollar of these warrants has more real secusity than five dollrrs of banknotes; we are in want of a safe circulating currency, and we know of none better at this time than for our city corporation to issue city warrants; Therefore, be it " Resolved,-That we recommend our city corporation to issue $4,000,000 of city warrants as follows :-1,000,000 of one dollars, 1,000,0C0 of two dollars, 1,000,000 of three dollars, and 1,000,000 of four dollars. " Resolved,-That we recommend the warrrants specified shall be a legal currency, to be paid out and received at par for all debts due by or to said city corporation, "1Resolved,-That we recommend our citizens to receive and pay out at par said warrants for all business transactions. "1Resolved,-That we recommend that as soon as said $4,000,000 of warrants be in circulation our city corporation be required to cancel annually not less than 6 per cent, of said warrants. "I Resolved,-That we are compelled to submit to violate the laws of our State by having to use small notes of other States as a cuurency, and pay a dLcount of 2 per cent. to procure them; we protest against this, as our own State will be filled with worthless paper. "R Resolved,-That we consider the above issue a relief, not only to our city corporation but also to the taxpayers and working men, and will enable our city corporation not only to pay her liabilities. but also enable said corporation to continue the necessary improvements, which wil enable the working men-the bone and sinew of our land-to pay their rents, which wiU enable the taxpayers to pay their taxes, and give the city the use of $4,000,000 without Interest." The following despatch from St. Louis furnishes some information of the progress of the Utah expedition:- "Advices from Fort Liramie to October 22 state that Colonel Cook's command, the 2d Dragoons, were four miles this side the fort, and had encountered a snow storm five days previously. Colonel Johnston, when last heard from, was 230 miles beyond Laramie. The snow was seven inches deep 100 miles this side, where an express left him. Owing to the slim supply of corn and the entire absence of grass the teams and dragoon horses were failingrapidly. News had reached Laramle that the AMormons had burnt three Government trains, consisting of 75 waggons, near Green River, 90 miles behind Colonel Alexander's commend, which constituted the vanguard of the army. It was rumoured that the 5th and 10th Regiments of Infantry and the batteries of artillery would take possession of a Mormon viage on Bear River, for winter quarters." General W, Walker, the Filibuster, was arrested at New Orleans on the 11th, but admitted to bail. He immediately put to sea with 100 men for Nicaragua. A severe storm had visited the West, and occasioned corsiderable damage to the canals and railroads. The New York Times states that it was intended to withdraw the United States' naval force from. Panama Bay, owing to the bad effects of the climate on the mep. The Mexican news publisbed in Thte Times of Monday is confirmed. Congress had suispended the political guarantees of the new constitution, and invested President Comonfort with supreme authority. Serious difficulties had occurred between the Spaniards and Mexicans in Cuernavaca, and martial lawv had been proclaimed in that district in consequence. Advices from Yucatan represent the whole poDulation of the province as in arms. The accounts of the ravages of the Indians are fearfuL The towns of Chicinconot aud Tekax were sacked under circumstances of peculiar atrocity, and the people of the eastern dist-ict were flying from the savages in all directions. The citizens of Merlda had addressed Governor Barreda on the subject of protection, and he had assured them that a war of extermination would be waged on the Indian race. The Nets York Courier acwl Dssvuirer of the 12th says- " The result of the bids yesterday for the New State Loan of $500,000 indicates returning confidence and iacreasing means among capitalists. The average rats of premium obtained is 0.20 per cent., and offers have since Ien made at 7 to 8. The country banks have been materially benefitted by the combination of city banks, by wbich over 7,000,0^0 of country circu lation are now held, and for which the former wiiU have six or eight months to redeem it. . nother sure indication of returning ease in the moneymrnpket is the increased facility for discounting business paper. In this latter class bankers are wrilling to in,vest iat hank interest. Loans on call have teen offered (with first-class collateral) at six per cent. As soon as the domestic exchanXges are adjusted upon equitable grounds, trade with the south and w at wzil ageain bs resauind 'wIth some aztivity. The b,sies of this city, although readT amnong themselves to zesu;ne specie payment on their owa 'abllitles, caunot, with justice to the banks of New England and New York State, take such a step at presenL The bubuess done 'it the Stock Board to-day vwas large, sad with a general increase in pries.* Quotations are now higher than for many wreeks though yet much below the verage rates of the year. State bonds have been steadily rising, and have nob now as large a margin for appreciation as mKan leading railroad securities, We understand that the bills of the Granite Bank of Connecticut were thrown out at the Sufiolk Bank, in Boston, this morning. At the EF-st Board New York Sixes advanced l; Virgina Sixes, i ; Missouri Sixes were firm at former rates - Newv York Central, 1i; Elie, 1 - Reainr, E ; Michigau Southern, 1; Cleveland rand Toledo, l}, Panama, 2; llinois Centrrl, 1; Galena and Chicago, 2r, La Crosse, A Michigan Southern Preferred Shares, 2* Illinois Centfal Bonds declined i; New York Centrai and MAchigan Southern were unusually active. At the Second Board Illinois Central Bonds advanced i; New York Central, - Cleveland and Toledo, ; Michigan Southern Prefcrred Stock, .1. The public debt of Georgia and North Carolina is now so small that their bonds will be sought by capitalists, at present quotations. Tennessee Six per Cents. are firm at 82 to 84. The New York Times quotes exchange on London at 107k to 108. In cot,ton there were no sales, operators awaiting the arrival of the Arabia. The market was unsettled by reports of frost from the south. Flour had advanced oc. to 10c., and in some cases 5oc. to 20c. per barrel. The export business was limited. Wheat was changing hands slowly at previous prices. No change of moment In the provision market. Potashes were selling at $7 25o., and pearls $6 60c. Naval stores were steady, but an improvement in quotations was expected. There was a good business doing in sugar, but prices had a downward tendency. Scotch pig iron was inactive. Freights were firmer. The demonstration of the unemployed continued at New York, and some slight acts of violence had been committed, the bakers being the victims. The movement had spread to Philadelphia, though not to any serious extent. At New Orleans on the 11th the cotton-market was unsettled; sterling exchange, 101. The Montreal Ocean Steamship Company's Royal mail screw steamship Indian, Jones commander, arrived this afternoon with advices from Quebec to the 14th inst. She has brought 230 passengers, but no specie. The Royal mail steamship Arabia, which was so anxiously expected at New York in consequence of the advices she had, arrived there on the 13th of November. In addition to the commercial news, she took out the intelligence of the capture of Delhi. According to the latest telegram from New York the demonstrations of the unemployed were considerably quieter. The Torot'to Leader states that Mr. Terrill had resigned the Provincial Secretaryship. At New York on the l2th, as reported by telegraph, stocks, in anticipation of favourable news from Europe, were better, and there was more confidence generally. There was a fair demand for flour at better prices. Wheat had also improved. On the 13th stocks were active, with rising prices generally. Money freely offered, and rates easier. Sterling exchange dull and nominaL Flour was dull, and 5c. to 10c. lower, sales having been made at $4 85c. to $5 for super State, $5 for super Western, $5 10c. to $5 90c. for extra Western. Canadian flour lower, with sales at $5 to $6 70c. for extra. Ryeflour dull and unchanged. Wheat dull, and lower. Chicago spring, 96 105; Mllwaulkee Club, 130; White Canadian rye dull, at 75c. Barley, 75c. to 90c. Corn lower, mixed western selling at 78c. delivered. Oats unchanged. Pork quiet, at $19 75c. for mess and $16 for prime. Lard buoyant, at 12c. to 13c. Ashes uncbanged.
DEATH OF VIScOuNa STRANGFOleJ.-This nobleman, who previous to his elevation to the peerage wai better known in public life by his patronymic of the Hon. George Sydney Smythe, M.P., diedon IMonday last at Bradgateark, near L3icester, the seat of the Earl of Stamford and Wanmngton, in the 40th year of his age, having been born in April 1818, at Stockholm, during his father's embassy there. Lord Strangford was educated at Eton and St. Jobn's CoUege, Cambridge, and filed the office of UnderSecretary of State for Foreign Affairs from January to July, 1846. He was first elected to a seat in Parliament for Canterbury in 1840 or 1841, on the retirement of Lord Albert Conyngham, now Lord Londesborough, and contiuned with others to represent that city as a Liberal-Con. servative, so-caUed, down to the general election of July, 1852, when, with Sir William SomerviUe and Colonel RomMy, he was beaten in the contest which thea ensued The deceased nobleman was the seventh Viscount Strangford, and only succeeded to the title so recently as the 29th of May, 1&55, on the death of his father. With the bnlk of the Peel party he eventually gave in his adhesion to the principle of free trade, though in February, 1842, he spoke and voted against Mr. Villiers's motion for a total repeal of the Corn Laws. He defended the Maynooth Grant, and spoke against the Ecclesiastical Titles Bill. Ike his father, who acquired some credit by his English version of the smaller poems of Camoens, he was an author, and published Historic Fancies, and numerous fugitive contributions to the annuals of the day. He had also some reputation as a political journalist; but was, perhaps, better known to fame in his earlier Parliamentary career for his connexion with what was called the " Young England" party some 12 or 14 years ago, of which he and Lord John Manners may be said to have been the principal disciples, if not the leaders. His style of speaking in the House was characterized by much smartness and originality, which always commanded the attention, if it did not influence the judgment, of that assembly; but he spoke seldom, and at last so rarely did he tale any part in the debates that he came almost to be forgotten as a public man. After his elevation to the peerage he took no share in the discussions of the Upper House. It wil be recollected that in May, 1852, the name of the deceased Viscount, with that of ColonelRomilly,wasbrought more prominentlythan perhaps agreeably before the public in connexion with a duel which they fought in the vicinity of Weybridge, arising out of a specch made by Lord Strangford a short time previously at Canterbury, in which he alleged that Colonel Romilly had entered into a cabal, or made uee of some unfair means, for the purpose of injuring him in the estimation of the electors of that city. Colonel Romilly considered that the allegation, the truth of which he denied, and some other expressions in the speech exceeded the fair license of a political contest, and caeed on Lord Strangford (then MIr. Smythe) to retract them, which he refused to do. A hostile meeting followed and an exchange of shots, in which no harm was done to either. A few months afterwards Lord Strangford lost his seat for Canterbury, and with that event his political life may be said to have terminated. THE ROYAL ROSpiTAL.-This well designed institution is intended for the permanent cure and comfort of those who by disease, acddent, or deformity are disqualified for the duties of life. It was established in 1854, and was till recently located at Carshalton, but the board have since obtained possession of more commodious premises atPutney. A building fund has, however, been formed with a view ultimately to erect a dwelling sufficiently capacous for the reception of as large a number of patients as the board can reasonably hope by the generous contributions of the public to be able to support. For this purpose they bave secured an estate of 20 acres at Stoats Nest, situated on the trunk line of the Brighton and Dover Railway. The third annual meeting and ceventh election of patients of the charity was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street, at which Lord Raynham, M.P., presided. After expressing his regret at the loss which the board had snatained by the decease of the Hon. Edmund Phipps, who had been a great friend of the institution, his Lordship said the board had every encouragement to persevere in their efforts to pro. mote the object of the charity by the highly favourable results which had already attended their exertions. The report was read by the Rev. William Woodhouse, which showed that, while at the last annual meeting the number of patients was 43, there were now 61 in the institution, and after the election of that dav the number would be increased to 71. The receipts for the past year from every source amounted to 3,9531. 16s. lOd., and the disbursements were-hoasekeeping and pensions to extra patients, 1,2491. Ss. lid. ; medical expenses, 571. '8s. lld. furni. ture, 1511. 10s. - rent and taxes, 2061. 19s. Id, ; repairs, 531. Os. 2d. ; salaries and wages, 3641. 6s. lOd., expenses of elections, office advertisements, &c., 29U 16.s; printing and stationery, 1541. 4s. 5d. ; removal of household, 251.14s. ld.; paid on account of estate, 1,0001.* invested, 5001. A reso,ution was passed that all life subscriptions should be invested in the funds as a permanent support to the household, The various offlces were reappointed for the ensuing year, and a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedns TPIreIE Evr FRANCHISE L'I COO TiEs.-A retuia published yesterday by order of Parliament gives the number of electors on the registers of coiuties in England and Wales. It appears that in the counties a large proportion of the voters are non-resident, and another remarkable fact noticeable in the return is the number of county electors who remained unpolled at the last general election. Thus, in Bedford, there were 640 voters polled; in Berks, 622; in Cambridge, 346 ; in South Derby, 377; in South Durham, 370; in South Essex, 987 ; in Huntingdon, 282; in Leicester (North), 389 ; and in Lin. colnshire (North and South), 291 and 417. These electors, however, are recorded as non-resldent. The largest county constituency in England appears to be that of the West Riding of Yorkshire, which numbers 37,513 electors, of whom as many as 34,370 are resident. The smallest constituency is that of Rutland county, which numbers only 1,822 electors, and of these 751 are non-resident. The number of electors in some other counties is as follows, viz. :-Middlesex 14,977; Lancashire (North) 12,352, Lancashire (Sonth) 20,460- E&-t Somerset 10,592; South Stafford 11,202; East Suffolk 5,907; West Surrey 3,920- West Sussex 2,941; North Leicester 3,899; Westmoriand 4,168; South Warwick 3,522; North Warwick 6,832; East Worcester 6,065; the North Riding of York 12,238; the West Riding as already stated) 37,513 ; Bedford 4,232 ; Bucks 5,353; Burks 4,836; Herts 6,661; Hereford 7,330; South Devon 9,625; East Cornwall 6,261; and North Chester 6,693, &c. LIvERPOOLL, Nov. 25.-The United States' steamer Baltic sailed to-day for New York, with 60 passengers and 10,0001. in specie, besides the Anerican mails, and the screw steamer Anglo-Saxon sailed also to-day for Portland, with 100 passengers, a small amount of specie, and the Canadian malls. The Royal Mail steamship Europs taIiA her depAxturo for ;eW York on Watqrday,
a EORwill ROHThEDGE azd Co.'. NEW PUBLI- W CATALOGUE of96 puege is now ready Just ready. prime 21s,, elegantly bound, HE UPEtR RhINE, fomeMtoyence to the Lake ot Con sti :-nee; its Picturesue Senerfy band Hiatorical Assoclatlong th e ,D Ma e r g tmhe°i e n ei n ean Sihlin ria ha 1 pbset.i DlUnt Pruatiks:ane.d De.oibed byve oI a lnn ih Ileosye ofro, for igitcstnal arwng by. Sirket Poster. Price lBs., cloth gilt. vOltI Of ~HE PLAYS of SHAKSPEARE. Edited by T3 HOW&ID STAUNTON. ilstrated by John Gilbert. The fPrs volume of tnis saperbly illuatated edyitlo wil he ready on Den. 7 tiomeof thie ng'avci'eare perre-t crndof moden art,na itd Mhave "een wrms'' a id re,o ited euxlogizd by the lending oroani of the pu blic renem while thenot3, emr,eudatlowo, and comments are Just ofrthe indrequrebytC re general reade,r. It is in all re'pecti a pOpular editlo. of the greit national dramattt's works, and su0n a book, at the Price,thatisLaiublishesd. usnat make Shaks.:eare's wr;tlngs St well knw i ime. It lt.parexcsielence.tbe gteatet trium-yi of modern timec and like ibe aiuthor himself, it steands par so. London, George Rhoutl, dge Red Co.. FOrrincdonersreet. Price 'Is. eleg,auti boen, THE HOUE AFFEcTIO u,4trayodby the Trusts. J. D E{atRin Bbkee oetr; Weir, NIAUEI&Y.IiniOstlkted with 1O exqith erDd y tego.gro. r" tlg The Domeetlio Ageotion 2,are uivated aogior. and inevery happy home thia:charing lmeI toe t tdlace. ho heea that been written and ton upn tied in a glitter. Ing asiket; and the = toiaeo tehartnehvor b'~feore eureceived to fair an intorpretetlon." George Routltdge and Co., ZarrlnsdoaSjtreet. 1,L,HYMF P z rco one iu eelegantlybound, 0 YMS anid ROUNDELAYESi PRAISE of a .L COUNTRY LIVE. With lnEtrat!o zfrom orieioaldeignsby Bit-bet Peeler, Thomas ?,faeocid, Edward Dso,-ca- , George Dodgion. HaTrison We-etir,*alter Goocda7il John Ab olon. F W Eiulnme, Richard aroduel, .H.IompbreyJ. L. oghotot, ii. lRRead. to. ' It wouldhbe imposanbie to conceIve ahappiGeorarrangement, end rarely, indeed, If evn,Geor.ge iongracgesofen aned peorl b!to rn 00usspi:rkioly combined. The ook a reolet ofsoonry lfe,and turning over the richly Illutritedpage th mid spedsoffto he ill side and tht shady tONGli~~~~~~~~~~~~o ELLPgW.8 hout.dcurinsre," London , George Rontledge and Co.. Farrinedon- TFHE POETS of theNINETEENT CENTURY. 3.L Selectad and edited by Rev, Rt. A. WILLNIOTT. WIth 101 IllutratIonsbyEverett .14Ials, P. it. ckersgtll John Gilber R Duncan. J. D. Harding, Rirket Foster, Harriiou Weir, Edward Oar. bould. G. Dodgeon, Ac. ' This isea gorgeous book, bound In blue and gold, latticed -sit gilding, and all a bloom with the olor of the akIt is printed on crarni-colonxed pap,,r, thick, glosy, and soft, sodM.t aloehr a wonder andi dl"ight.`- -Ath~reumni. London, George Rulgeand 0o., 2, Farrimgdon.street. Price one gunea, elegantly booetd, 71'¶HE LOWER RHINE, from fttscrdam to alayenz. nl3 Its Ptre4eque Seenory and Historicail Aui,;a autious. elftrated by Bit-ket Roster, and described by H ,'RY MAYHEW. 20 LineEngavigs, xectedin te hghet yie fA art, from Birket Pester's drawings. Imperial 8ro, "Here we have been tinging delightdloeT edghineandIiC Scenery,' as tlstra-ed by M. BiketTootr ad decribd b Mr.Heny Mdayhew. jest Kas It it hwer te an unknown etream wand tshistory sead legends wore a fresh con- -Athenues London, Greorgve itsonotgledgse an C., arinhgdron.eDitrIoet Prce21. eleggantly btoud. an HEGFELOINS POEBCAL WO IK . The loot slndd Illuttrated edition eve r pbiebed ORn tinedu dhe Giesorgye Rof at.lhe otatthtdrrstiseiini h onyonSe tepetre h o1 ev z Waimer ra o,adtIpee re iclued in mtotha LFow acnoleged o btemotexui,s Aitely! iliisratiod boltl VOM Uan,I sin. i iliBy tEente E"fofleanofgtl printey 6eorg ne ofotedof pf Cir.onodig bCorb;oun ple nltBe lUtains5yBretF aorv pr.tnSyrnc. London, George B outledge a nd Co .,d sSree o Pt-ee I.d.,cloth, gilte edge, ONG¶HE INSTREL VOICES of teA~ NIGHT Walk, O"ThewAngeti," $a anDdb FineDCatho Thoondada WlthIlustratlt 3y JeaoutI Gilbertratlondo byolGorke RoutedgeLondeo., Farrageonstmtle n ParrindW o o,te t e ~~~~OMUS. ~~ Price 7.ld clotL ite es J1 rw by Jto ctIrN eMgLTOdN. EBrgath~ Jly printed on ticntedpaper, " ba3ndillou trated withoi al Engravorigilsfromo It, Carrich. London, GeorgeRoDutloige tan C, arineerdy urotr andee Wit PIsrtoG. By JonGTer.Lue, Geor fge Rouedger and which is preO Prcexed cloH, ist,r,wt igtTe LithodrawphysC fom Spcde,egrvdbh BrThisbosk bas aieLWith choymInesransltd from teGemn cfP.Hy "htute ator,gialstof th beePcure TabeBo'have benpulrtevynrsrad la bg cnexedtionsteb. tfldein yOt Spokercobndt dn.treeet, Price or a. &i .gclot,Ite-gesi, HEUTREMAndT YLC' PERSAND i CAM-ROP T (LPIGH,of) ByCs'i G. JeMRH. IAT nowh rvighed erito. Toom which te rtxedLve aoSummaryof, Tereols Hsry with Geigt Tind tead- havoingb eten hrerougin hl agr.adgooo General WofHavtI ue o lmo' Gofhisvoexertions.Lodo. GitEorgetIllutredgeond LCedo,Gaorngdon Roteg dC. arndnstreet. Pric St. orOs. id. gilt es- ges , .3.(L yS 1) B 0 P NJAPS Ane reBye editon,coS Gonalv d odos. c.Wit EghtIlustatons.bonldon,dGorge HAuLedLadC., Ansreditgdon-ttreelutr.iib p rice 7 8.r . cloth gl,o s itsfrs HWENTIYHFOER FAIRy W TALET. B HRE Aini wb T Chountvesso doutbrat, M'vadeorsled sFre Madagmerdo, Llnuove, Joademoselle, Labrtlinadae1rne c Embellshaed wien Enoraingsbly rew dwttn. adCrbd Lo ndon iLGCOn., FaRontegead CotEe.Trngn.tbt Inon e vo . prc6 ,ld., c loth git AESOf' WOOKAN'6 TRIAlS,e BnyclropS.C.i u3.waLL. Af new editio,whIlationsfoDeions by .,s,Nel Patnnd B nastWard, fiHi,C. Senosw 3.rGilber, an Wccount me, s B.in Cobrboolda, J cpteron on,P WpnTopatic, ipt.iz,cnt. Mtau Ac baeautifullyillausirate or heplues nthatk Gardornthxbok London, George Rontledge andn CoFartingdo n.etrcet. H LOME. T brdircengild,ncot glt an aarnipeeb sre otr h bv s e revie edi- andPoE,PaMInConsnrutreon, P12Pof prsadAo.mno neddt affored frec heaon upwnar, 0 wholi we clusratiansyfreom elgeb ulrefulandHarrison woir. "Alld Ithwogameres that apoycn wish toplay~id calr-d nattaiced."fithing,andewomeiog, andiaccun o' Rigev irds,Lansshr an lssbo,--Ga~n odon, George Routledge and Co., arnd PMrYnouEATHrenaiintAec dotesTR of BI DI, y CHARL"ES V McFre, awk Magie.LABookTo whir i adeda .itr g Chptrds, 0bringing i downB- tthe Pl ofRlh.Wiheih J.oer,tlby. n Ha rznew Ma Londo.. G 3eorge Ronteg n o. asndne,et. Price ie,, coth, lttered a p caton, JABE HOnG,Ant oroff""le enso Hospital, numerous additions of den GorgeRotlege nd110. Ptrngdn byrrt. eRv.J hAY FETHERE FRIENS. YoTALning nocMagpes,Book, Cows.Ravns, et-ob. ummng hirsGoe, Ostrlret Ac,By he ev.J. . WOD.Wit Iluctaciee y andhrrPisonher. Londn, eore RusldgeandCo. Tarind nstr et, eRuteg Prie S. lot, rME.Nid.Sit ege LAyseA of thedCvaiertndRnhod. Wther.'ihtbI12 ltrgtoe 1by gehai."Mbook Itrling net ons ne cratiorns tes teradaper.o evetsupplie theqhistriae ihamaeo E anelshrenh and csospuanh histeorythatthe cpricosmsfho teryha hthLewrtodkeptondMS." -EtG tfoorea.Lno,Gorge Routledge a nCo,o- ringdon.otroet. ~ ~ ~ ~ gdu-tret TV ORN Anewedtio. f ledby thTRoo,.G WOOD adIllustratedwtione20Ilctaln.byW avy Buelyar(dvntued."i awietntlohn voue, iberalllluOttraocd bywith excellenpictreso. eryeeyaia rt- thereinmen tind"R~ie,Lno,George Rototledge and Co.,Taring Piecs. loth,ti, IFE in CHINA,. B Rev. t, C. -ILNE A, LJ formany yearam nsAonay atamong the Ch lnewo With oriina Maps of Nlngpo, Shangal, ( aF Proper, iDland Trip fronm Z Sngpo to Canton, from Sketches by the Author. A hbook which for clearness and copiounmees Of It Information on bChina, its multitarlou 3 content Its sun pictures of scenery, men and m3nners in the land of the eaces is unlque-mnoreto be relied upon than H uce's for its tr .tbfulness, and more comprehensive in itS range than Farbns.--Nonconforiats London, George Boutledge and Co., 2, Farziagdon-street. Price 61., cloth glt, A NATURAL HISTORY. By the Rev. J. G. WOOD. A new and cheaper edition, with many additions, containing nearly 500 Illustrations frOnt desgns by W. Larvey. "Con. talus a great number of spirited and well executed wo-douts, and is a book that both psrents and children may look over with pleasure and gratliation."-Engish Churchmcan. London, George RoUtledge and Co., Farrcigdon treet. 1j'AULNOY's (Countess) FAIRY TALES. ..Translated by 3. Rt. BLANCHE an lusae yo Gilbert. -ot the first time, thanks to H. Planebd we chidren of eve growth in this country have Pt als Tales of the Countess D'Anols (vihom we are now ordered to call D'Aulnoyi set faIrly hifore us. H. Flanchf has treated themn with all due ovet-nes insuelated them with stilot fidelity, and led tbem adorced vdh pretty p 'ctures,"-Charles Dickens' Household Words. London, sGorge outlcdge and Co., Far. r ngdon-street. IHE aA$TAPrice s,3 6i, c olh gilt, T.iHn line WAildsofArc.BA.BW A,utrof"pe ozan." With eight iollotrats his hArrleon We . Isameetin. teresetng work, containing the adventrees of a family In the v,ids of Africa, with many thrilelinoir, and amusing icdents, The honting adventures are reLLtad v lth g roat spirit, Bondon, Goorge Rontleedge and Co., Prriugdo nstreet IRBY GOLD fPric Is, lid.,cloth silt. 1PA for YUNG an OLD, Edited by ,m' H. F. OaORLBY W ith eight Illustrations by W. Havvoy. B 6ranger, the poet whom branceas jnst lost, in writing to the author of this volume. says, " have finisbed reading your tales, and am as thoroughly enchanted as any small chlld to w bom , for the first time some one has tod the atoyfTm Thumb." London,. George Routsedge and Co., Farrlngdon.street, TEE LITTLETries s. d.,clth gilt, bst.emo Withih lletre;fthon bsy vrritho Weong. Ge ha- seen what hedescbes,ee. and shared In the a.ventsres which bhe relates Hence his books are trutthtul ritures of the busy scenes oftle lte, JLon4eu, G 3eore sile R atldend CO., Parrlngdon-stc eot, NEW STOPY by theAuthtoroat "Margaret Maill .Just remAy,in one vol., IOs. Si, bound, 0RPHANS. By the Author of "Margaret Malt. 0 ad," ALIleselea, " . Hurst and Blackett, publishrs, suo"acGlm to Henry Co bernm. NOW read4y atllI the Illimrles, In 2Vole., 21s., NOTHING KEW,Two the Author of John star merits which bare aO'Joha lnmfee Otte Plasemost works of %he dlay."-rofst. Hunt And Swlcketh, pnblshw4t~s A=,Irea WiarlbOrong1-fitreet. Third and cheap3r edition. In one, Tol., lOs5. 6., D OEVELATIONS ot PRISON LF with an AA,IInquiry in Prison Discipline anld Recnrdalry flienL y G. L OHIfSTEeeTON, 25 sears GoYernlor ot the Houe of OorcUn Opldbath-fields. ',Au unusuarrlli strtileg and instructIve hrOot.- Herald. Hnat and hackett puWtb,hoes. 13, GreatMarlbOroiugh-st. Now'readyrat all the libraries in 3role~.. COURT SECRETS. By Mbrs. T OXBOW. " Mrx. CThomson Is knownas th e author at some excellent novels, but we can remember snen of them that we like better than thtle.-Exminer. - 1rs. Thomson la one of the beat of oar lady authors, and this akdmirable t%le is In our opnioon, the best of her DroductiLons." -United Serrices Magazine. Hlurst and Blackett, publishers. ARE NGA I; or, xplorations and dv Diysconvieries ANDEISSN. Thishansom boK INSONe.o everbdt tod read.tl Ara ecOrdPftanedvrypg hsFIsEfaSciaig whil the nAutuoralif and Th gegrphcrwil be deislghed- The batheg new teis oTreeals Theit pltene morealnityb,.the disegesWHuely and Bnacuetl, tedwpublshers M:r. AvivNn udN'sraq TTheLS,bearnten l oilasestent.andowready,s inIvl. erookI true, e rellshed ithtowre bete irSt Ilos nleatho incuing.'JnBumerou berautifall Coloured ltt, fulatro, drwnsucoy the N kWNgOl EL,, the Aues thpors.t Chns TaYmtay and Hertof Centralf -Nowv ready, at all tlbslibraries, In 3 vole., rEYHORLand hof FRINEND. By the Author of "TeSertMaiwtmdHrBriage." "Thew beautiesare0fo thinoel aenjomsn natural dtelineain oftcerwctrkanbltbeoqumehntpeding fTahereewgh tund mraity th daloue s ivey ad atual Thedscryipntionlof receryvivlnd ictreque Th chrater cositbene carmnd wtriesus .AsocteAy.TJen Bull, UrsAt and Bckt, ulihrs, Tuccesor.t NthogbOu Vugesti,byte Author atd 'ombraeswthlcdt and He BIesmads. ne No'vdmea t readye at fallcth libraries,in3o vole., metI .5n "Margdandet aud He trutdehsacqire "Thirofe who have areaden 'MarApetulandlHe Btracidesmids wllg bexprepared for tht etentoymeant that awatuhmi nthe frer work,b etthed saePan.Threnverbahopy. was amoreu Poriinasle uathand BUTkettad or Grynea' Therstoryugis notoly clvrhThgood,anty are qnbished 28atisfiedth,atth edeiharion. tre have To hot ermse18a7.edmordonby ta rw;izder circe thean tey hav evnyttravesed Wey ech thsed IOft repethd wbisd edtiomn mr suchsores wholTe Laf of Gresnte Laybrelaing teo for u."-LiierssiyRg Ganett. Lotonreta and Bonack, puberlises,sccaer o on WillBoYgosisrACe tohsltrr rMEpuaDon IteLA writaten tjh ogtu suggREstv prt and MARIOmbInes whUciditand acutenesL ots on judgment freshessofay and elac ance o f b Holsentiment 6ina dercmzl clarl ttacsAutiebyChabe.ingtxreeucedInbyht esenentous and Morn ingPeT. HNt n BWackeYt 13.L, Grieate - Drlortornghemmeel, AndTarinityaterm,1w5 London.81haw erdSlons,Fetter.lanre. T l iyi oth hd O. coh hr edition, 2.cob AOBBOTD's LARISH OFRCAICER;I coprsng A teAhleofthe PresentLLAwMeatn to Sedarith tfce iondoug. alane. Shn w 6telandeos.ete.ae Talenday pubished, 12s., cloh AnSiithr Causes,, andthe ChNgtes,u Intr rtBy tepees c.B adBarrisetr-at-Law. London, Shaw adSn,Fte~ae Thisnda eistubiohn, p16s olot. HBOLDEY'sPRBATERUPndLADM,NISrAugtIcown ofxectosandt AdrministratorJ. By ISEOGEL 0LD, SE, Barq.,er Barster-at-Lawdo, Lecturer's Bonean, 1849-u. Lno,fls n os CAEStter-lane. TintyTera X3k, Pledit- th edition, las clDoth,Bre-writEn,wiaFrs ByJ.F.AWtIf N.LDWILtaM SE SerfeatLeant-UadoLaw Low ndon ShwadSons, y etter-lane. Second edtion, lIe, cloh ARCHBOLD'sQCUANTY COURT PRACTICE; withB Caes C.AOpiOuDs Note,an Bude ByJ J Aon, Oh&w aend Sarriseter-atLawe.LodnSawndSn,Ftene Seoda.6l edition,S. prcloth. ARCHENEW BAINT-RUPT CAW,ANrought dowf to15 Trnit Term, 1855. tBe NewF ARctso3alkLDg Cimp arristeraonLaw. Lonon,bhw and Sons, Fetter-lane. A OASES, brought~c down tloTintyher,1, RCHBOLTYs CORIMINAL PROCKEDURE,. LPlBeaIngand coi idene Intrdr o INItAe Coah-ouSES, withScForms. oByJo k. ARCgBLodonJoq.,Marriser-at-aw. Lndon ha n Sos,A5TtIe EILrPstie,Copnaiv,n W Negativo. AswecodedItin, 600 . AbreloiLb, o,. hie No.B 34. F.rt AudHBLD,q - arstuaer-;Lw Londoin, lhaw and Sons,MenFels Dr-lane. G__b_na_d____ JspuUhday2m. 6t edItbo, 10 ae~price Ia, o.tfre W E 57, wit theD?New Actsifon or B e Makiny OcARLeSwOrd I ORTH, Aoreqm., u Lofdn Her i,ANot Londln,yShweand Srovns,rFetter-ae.'Bmkn asal,adC. A Pnrice Ji., tMCeapes: tx TreMcaatson oanepd g thrdEdtin A OL ECR's PRINCIPeSP n of BALNCING by DoericivSinand Dube.Etr,incl SeudingPatlersiaboreoch Itethod Lonpdin, Jh Ma.buly, 143 Co, Stratind. cutn W Dkee MusiopuId., pd. Iro. woBth,a09pae, prIce EuI-.,dpoe fre, k, No. 3, Norh Auieyaotree, G1 Araosvenr-sure;onskn,Mrsal Just L Rprbinth, lImo. culMothe, Pa0peers, price Is., pot free, IIEH ATISGONLD R,ASWING fo MAThER Masery. TV answre faiiaigs[in 5 phructsonLon don,iW. Wn kthi,3,north W o audley-nrect Gommendredqu.'Art-;oumpal.Nicarhall3,en Ca,t;ernc.e NoeadyinLone EDIT8oN.- lypost, Otc s.61, EL IWCsSERON.aByStheIsame Anther, Beetrect,vonArt ,e Dtaling. NatiSeq ueliationthetove.hPrwice Fiv.e iopkhnr oairoh. eir,ondsC., ScTi. ee-co and all3une ubookeseller,No NrieW2a:o Wol, 2 sprthelAuthor o Mrcre 1 athple" 6,dd. BAPellow ommer o CosusChrA t WA Comllege,onoubrthe,adino rebs sCHIt pplarD' rttn OWN pki anC, wad itthe srreet, 11h.,psiet retosap,wt hnrdo un, Perth,,Repith18nt,wiCthuls, Catyfopides,iPaser, GUbepri e S.4pst.free C1H&ENATIN. A R WN MSE;pet - A, lyho ofacltating Mother'snack.c'oi drain aondo sketcinimTg. "We Co. w & ueisreadytI onese vld., r. lb rc i. B 18mo..coh Sexra,I aut S HLPs ee ptrice and orVl eprtl,pic O.61 LoTve ofteWandtePNISL n Whic~h os thFWzRANE ih5 asadPas (eca comm ander iaftuescnietlwr. Tannd L on,pblse 29, ew adsre,o whom mayrekalsohoTadbsoeod vaoluesm compUnletetretooCalforkMaer edtosLookwingsi-vlumfotle s.d r n Th eal T 00 A ogrvtimgs reisdanlcrected, withrorignlTls stretd Cea Wide. n C. 5 ueusre, baie DheNNhI-Th,'aOW y BOOK pby isels.prce L,D.sentpotree Oo.n rooe tio ishedwith 55 nw Cut 12pataymiom e,n yGlet ie4.8 houn incloh, git dse, 1th eitin,ge-eited of Flab,snese CHATELAIN ~ ~ ~ ~~~acoplt adskl Co., ill, Queen-street, Cheaosterlrow ThKi OWLBTG'sof ARYKIN, sotherC oopoey, cdMone TVESSONSonithe-PHENOMENAof INDUSTRIA[L -IALIFE, and the Condlitions of Industral Success Edited by RICHARD DAWiFS~ Dean of Hereford.' Contents :-InudotryKnowledge and Shll-Eonomy-Weth-apltapliProperty-WLT -PrfltRen-LaeurTals-Masuesand Weight!sbloney. Precious Metals--Credit and Bills of Excbsuge-Banking-Ratee3 Exchange-Paper &icuey-Ingurance-Price- tereet and A-nitlo. -Industrial Pro rw-Emgto-Restrlcttonsi--Oombinationa--Taeva tioni-Property eamnt by Death. Groombridge and Sons, Pater. noester-row, Londcu. TnOMESTIC ECONOMY-Home Duties and Houso. A_hold Matte -The following booksave published byGroombridge and Sons 1. Moralities for Home Price I.e 2,OurBoys:whathl olwe do withthemI Prfoels. 3.OComplete Cottage Cooker, by Ether CopIey. PriceIs. 4, Cateobtunmof Domestic Economy. Price 84. 5. Carving Made EAse,. with 18 Engravings. Price Is, 6. The Housewife's Rn,. Apt Book. Plrice Is. 7.0Cookery for the WorkingClasses. Price 3d S. Lessons on Housewifery. Plrice 94 9. The Roonomlo Housekeeping Book. Price Is. 10. The WorkinxgMan's Hou-ekerping Boo,k. Priceoid. l. A Women's Proachings for Woman'sPractice, Price 2a. 12. Groombrilde's Shilling Disey, 1558. Each book sent free on receipt of the price marked. Groombvildge and Sons, 5, Fat-ereoster-row, London. R EPRT o theEXAMNATIN fo ADMIS- SION t the RYAL MLITARYACADEY, at Woolwich, heldal ucligio-hone. ondo, o the20t ofJune, 1857 withL a New editions, da., for Christmas Trde.-Publlshed by WfrIght and 00.. 60, Pall-mall. Ano ad formIg the10th.is. each.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~28 ah Th's d17 fnv.Svo, with lunstsatlooi es.. UIIOSITIE of NATURA, HiSTORY. B V R&NiJLd T. BUOEI&ND, XLL, Sttudent of OMtW 011501 Ale'tn*1t-Snrgeon Secot d lUfe G Lxdo-, 1u!.4 (Da NEW WORK by the Auehor of ;Behester T -osiiii TROLL'FE, O oe& V,$IWS if tley, NowlinrhueTwaJ'L HISTO} . OU POO ' D Esciard Bentley,e llngtontet Now ready. aeoondedto,rved nI ltih itsrlm,jg, MIlONARCH5RERE zr BUSIS8 Bli ILLDo.DORN, ntht O "Yyesofthe Qoee ost feU NWow r2y, Rd th o 2r e TT IS NEVR TOO LATE to DMND. bIOODLES Ld Lond Richard Bentley, New BNeIr B D Now ready, 6th thousand, in crow Sm,wth aFotapee gIs, ROUGEHING IT IN Mr.in d~-% No w *e-iy, 5th thrbarnd, InLc 83w8ro.,po6e a. i; IX YEARS in IN1)I. De!bi the City of tLe Groat Mogul, Bly MStors., rOLlIf 21SU.ENZIE, London, Blchasd Bentd N EW NOVE,, br the Author of " Verdant Green," am Oxford remDanL-Now ready, 13th thouraud, Ia Crown 8ro., with 47 111-ut N AB E R and DEARER. By OUTHBERB ~BEDE, Author of " Verdant Ur(ee." LnDnon, Richrd BeUei I New Berlingion-sirot. Now re% v. ltfh thuad Tncon8`Vo-2. ~. A SP-EN COURT. By SHIRLEYBROOKSL, NAuthoro i Violet d Her Ofers." london, o VIffZW 30e.NwBurlingostet Now ready third thou o ' Oroays 8,0., 2s., TI (E O1{Q,URT ofCN D .]yMjrW R T5.BURTOt(,R.A.. M.P.. Auto o" Hoceea"Lun,lh Bentley. New aidultngonstreei NEW WORK b the Author of "N ever To asu ed.-NoE ready, 2tat thousan,icow8o. HE COURSE of TRUE LOVE NEVER DIID T RNSOvTR. By oH.LERE E,Ahoof It i* ilever Too Late to Mend," "Pe Wofngn""Cisi ontn. London, Richard Bentley, New Borllrsgtou.ouree Kr. BNITLEY's PPULAR NEW SEItS.Now ready, inaon x 8To 2s&d. 2,Coh (oU ANT1PO8DEs; gbaResidence and Raznble I thean BAnusrtare;etan CorloniKles, B7 tGenes- I MUDY. London, LJompanlon Volume to " The Ingoldsby I 3gends."T-o.mogcolr, In T][lHE BENTLEY BALLA bpeing56 a Selecdon .5.frm inrhie ons,Balad d,,oostrhnsdto"Bentleyo Iltrom tnhc cEditedb Dr. O ,wth four ba'as loou5buhe Cheap Edition of the 'ngoldshyLgeDxn~,"-.o.morrow it crown ea.,withllustrated mitely boumd S, T nls Londoxi. Bchr B-litley, New BarUngton etreet. ~~HE HA ~ This day,i3 os H HNDWRITING on the WALL: a Story. T.By ED WIN ATRERiSTONB. "'Thou allwelgbrd inthe ,alan andftonedwvnting," L-oedon, Richard B~entley, New Burlingtoe-jteet. J-L SPONDENCE. Edited by PETR CUN'INGHAM, FS.,A. London, Richard Bentley, Now Burlingronstd ot. TOheNWY NO Nwe a et ilbree, In 1t voe,, HEL RULING PASSION : a N ovel. "Thin is T beyondUyeotloneanovel,ofabigorder. Tire plotiorIgIal the characters wel sketched, and the stqle good. The effecta of the ruling assion on the ditferent charat:r of the brothera slae ore delineated with great skill and knorwlge of the human hert,-. Johtn Bul. London, iticerd Bentley, NeXw Bulloetonuetreet. FlrBuuEa GREATyo DA o AONMETor Medic at,lnsr landd Prayers onil the Laet Twenty.foLleHours y thze Soto frthe Gema a,u of, CHA(t5t=trLO-TP5DIItMl5 ELIE tght riTH n NEBL , Edte by Ere COLIN MAKiE Lontdon, Richad Betly, Nueutw Bot T bhe A B I n a O De p fRN b y C K t t B s e l e -, o r e edTt h e dtei 1 M - o nm . , F 8almh*S voo., with upwards of 60 Illustrations, 1ts., RACATELLI's MODERN COOK: v, Practical Gu-i"de to the C.einacy Art in all iea Bra:ches. ADated as well for the lest £statsolutlhme.doeas forthe UE.ot privatefasulie .Lou-' don, Richard Rentley. New B "rlington. street. Jub t ready, Third anCn Volum,n o a ,0., 5,,, out heIvrcouunrth of th WAR in AFFGHA2W, London, Rich&rd Bentley, New Burlungtoo.ereet. AUTHR'sETIol.impelal day,eto oo, d thouand, in crwn tS T EBITandCREIT Froi the G-ermran of .lOFELYTAG. by Mrs.AtlALOWiL, "Them ot popularGermaiu novel, of the ago."-OterallerB Inse, "Ariosto of uncommon fa. - nation. rs ,)cola' otranlations Is ceaer. and, moraoretr I sgires with mose fulnees of detall."-Athgblnm. -s Fuitful In enterseinme.t, MrLs. MaLODM'S translotmon Is the tfat."-Llterary Gazette. "FYresh, reth in incident, vital with ch.raotor, thought, and fancy. It isanuncommton,genuine, interesting beoL"-Leader. "Wll win the, admiration of its many reademrs A deep. d ttceet loraes every chrpter. Mrs. Maloolnm hus renderd it with conelrdetble bility."Newa of the World. "`sentlally a roemuoe of the age, almot of the hour, We oisnot gire anyh idea oL the variety, vivacity, utensity ot this admirable story."-stateasean. audMrs. alcoltm' trD crptlon Is pubiicd ln a cheap form by Mr. Bentley, witt the sllanton of the author, and does honrnt justice to thy work."-XxuiIner, . "Mo Malcolm has done her work very welL Her verBion is fuler of detall than hir. Conateble'. By dint of compact but clear and legible tYrxo Mr. Bentley'A st'gle volume is Made 0 tonortsin rather more then Mr. Constable's two."-Daily News. "The greater past ofChapter XLI, entiely ouppreve,d in ttie two-volume editioun, refae b Cherailea Bunse. and iaore libverties are takenIn that edition than Are Justl. fiable,ftre, Malcolm, already favorably kSlown sea trandsator, brs out ber versionx under the eanocioat of Herr Freying, and she has not, th3ought ighrebet to prepareIthry auy wilful stppreeslon".eSatursd Review. London, Richard Bent-e- *Nw- -H lst nostonereet, NEW 1 LLUSTRATEcD CHRISTMIAS liUO&-us eay wt numerousIluatraAone, 7s. Gd., AIR FALES. By CUTHBERT BEDFj F LTondFon,'Richard. Bentley, New Bnrinton-stdreet, A splendid vol. imp'mv.al folriobcof marSoco, £3 is, TIBER STUDIORUM of 6LAUDE LORRAINEL .1 1I00 large and beautiful Engravings, now iu-ret exted in fan smile ofthe oriTgiOna drawins In tue Britishx.mor3un o ByP F. C. ILEWIO. Tihis ione of iho most beautdifsty excnutd volumcead dtawinee wver nubltbhed.r Wllise andSoshsrAn,135ltrand. In folio. now haslfmorocco,pric?£2 125. d,, TEWIS's RIVERS of ENGLAND and WALES iltbe SCENERY ofl, 68 bighly artistti Painters' ito1inge,3B5 P. 0. LEWIS, from the plcin,ee painted 'my hiunr.lf in various celebrated collec ons. of thee a harmine e things only a few copies have been hitherto distrihuted among the authoc'eafriends. Wfillsuad SotireraN, 136,Eotrand. 136 tue W s In fol ionuw halm orocco. e'siee t1 esu, D WS'lEVNSHIRE RIVERS (the SCENERY Lidupthbl.essI batul Painters' Etbingos. By F. o. LEWfSh from the pictures painte by himselt in various celebrated cLTdecLons. With Introductory Rmrso Lan,deapo Painting and Painters Etcbings. Willis and Sotheram, 136, Strand. No rr, three z e coloured latie,rt,Iprice76d. utI CAN'sV3RR' COSTUMES of the vel SC TTS CLAzrS by JV zON Aos Btbe autifulotandWautenticrw.rk, Wille and SBatherun In 4W,withu 62tb 6Engrrinsg sofAnien Arms, Armur, 8ed Touma ments in Gold, SilTer, and Colours, pc Tb. . HISTORY of CHIVALRY andl ANCENT AR- MOUR. the Usages of Knighthood. pth (L Toucrimt and Triatl bySingleCombar o m the Germanof Dr. K. Bttyamp, bharln. ALOW-Y. Wiis and Sothera, 136, Strand, In one large vol., r'z}i WOre, hroh.,C313, 6ed o, OOD'sINDX TESTACEOLOGICUS, an IlVT Vlnsts'sto Catalogue of all known Shells, British and Forelvo, wi1th3000oFigures, beautifullyocolou-red. New and revised edition. Bty Uniftorm. withe uhro the " Ine ToacooicnesQ o2rziece £1 WL n, doR. Sewb edition cninuedL<torelu ie y Mr. EOTOOD S.t HALE.0 bauiflli-oorea iues iI and Sothhrara13, 133. Strand. ENGLAND: its Sports ard Bothera A large vol. ryal tro., half oLrcco., price £3 lox 2RC I)DAOE US PLANTS (ColoUred 2 uL, stra. 3 tiSons of, with copious DescriptIone and Dtrcrtoss for Cuttivas tion.B T.MOORE, F.L.ub , Author of "tb ELtory of BEitlah Ferns,. &e. Thisfone volume onPtains 100 lamre and most bautlfulOColoured plntes. Willis and Sotheran, 13. Strand I Xthickos too., Price vo s, pblished as.. l;:,ISTORY of BRITISH INDIAfrm S5to 1835. VL. CBy 'rofe)sor HL,L WILSON.zTh es the PJuStt nies of Velloeatond Barackpore, and the acutf them ll befound to throwllight onthoe eents that have reoentlc-rege. urd Wii and Sotheran, 136, Strand. ('HEAP NEW BO0KS-A CATALOGUE of 1,000 Crecently-published valuable BOOKS. purchrscd froma eminentr LoEdon publishers, and offered for SALE at about ono-fourth of the Os1izia prces, Is now ready, pDst free, for three etermpg. This eata., letes eouraial's some of the kre.tee,61barealae in books ever lad before the public. WillIs andSOtheran,138,l3Strsand Now readly at all the libraries MAAULBVERER's DIVORCE : P kovel- In three .kLvole. By the Author of "1Whitefriams" "The City Banker." Ac. "Written with great power."-Prees. Charles JT. Skeet, Kin& W'l'fam.eireet, Ctaring.eross. Immedlael;, 1 vl, O.Price ~7s, Gd., BQ ;Or, English Country Qumatters ancl U EsenBivouac. By Captain CLAYTOV, Author of " Letters froM the Nile.'" Charles J. Skeet, King WiIIam.rtreat, CharissgOroy.. Imeiately, L'~RA K MIL WARD:a Novel. In two vols. L'ByW KXNECK, Eq. ChrlesJ. Skeet, King William'strcet, Mr. S. W. FULLOM'e NE OK-3vole,, a NewwWo-rk, THE HUMANn MIN ; Its Acquirementis and .LiTsY. ByteAuhrof the"Marvels nf Scienee."Willbe ready mmeodiatly C .J ke,KIng'WIlliam-stroet,Char g-c ro's. M?1 Ar. ,Nesby will cmnedlately pulblish, MIuERRIE ENqGLAND: its Sportts and Pastimes.~ £.. By LordNWILLIAM LENNO'X. 1VoLSvo., 12a. 2, Sbely and his Writings, By 0.5.lJddleton. 2 vol.,2ts. 3. Moustinls and Cities, By & Jous. 1 vol. l0s. d, THE SPOTING WOLD, HARY HIE,! .5. OVE, atho ofthofolowig p rworks:- Now ready, Price 9d,, sowd, A GIFr BOOK.I I o QHAKESPAEsPYS Edited by JOHNX P2A"YNsE COLiR REa., F.8T. Whittaker and Cc., Ave This day Is publiased, t ivo., sloth, ruice 6s., APINOPUL onCthe oIfD ARMY, BU Clnl I. DJOHN STe HOLMIE HGiOttN, Bonsan Aobers, Brigndiers lte CoSmandiNg the Punja Irrde gular. Forc, LondOn, H. LAllen Thu deay sin pbishedin post iem. clth p^ric aOs,, hall-street. Just published, a new and elarged edition, with nxumerous Engravings THE ADVENTfUR)S. ofh ULES GERARI, the LonKilleroforthern Tln Y, Oug e.Yrs'Ca g amon the Ions of Algo~ta~ towbio Is added,a oDmploto History and WRIGHT's FIRST LATIN CONSTRUING BOOLSThS dBO iS ublished, second editm f5to , mcloth, prioe Is, THE EVEN KINGS ofR ME, A Latib onstrma. .Tong Book for Begiuner,. ByJP. WRIGHT, lILA.. Yrs.Ad Maste ofa Sutt:n Coldoield School, Author of "1Help to Latin Grammasr." "-Hel. lenica." &c, A. Vocabulary, with Exerciseson the Text and Notee, is publisbedt Iu sparate volume, pcea 2s. 6d. Ior. It required, it can ha obtaInedi bound up withi ".The Seven Kings, Prlce 5s. Macmillan and Co.. Cambridge. M MNC In ONE VOLU LTnhthousn,lrg=4 ,stost, bound prioe 7s., TAV'6T's COMPLETWFRENWCH CLASS-BOOK H sthe o wrork required by begin SWeiga M&Dbpedto W asort advan .1studenbs. It eontsba % Tedr RAe-.S all ,~eIdios-0 Prgresive sreiea izlo allP*a-X o
SALES BY AUCTION. EgYptian Antiquities. lESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON respectfully .LJ giv le eie that they will SELL by AUCTION, at their great Bo110 KIngstreet. St. Jamea's-square. on Tuesday December I at I irazey, aver n eyesting OOLLEO'iION of !~GYt'TJAN A3.c T QUITIES. the prsoperty of an Italian gentleman. comprising upwvards of 70 sculptured sepulchral slabs, many of theLm with rare and others with unique representatIons, and several with kingsa names, five duo human muessnies and a large oollection of mummies of cats, "o. bronzes, necklwace, glaes, canoplo vaces and soine fine and rare scazrabe with kings' naames, do. May r-e viewed Siaturday and Monday preceding and catalogues had. Picturesi by Ancieint and Modern Masters. teproperty o a gentlelnan. MESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON will SELTA ixby AUCTION, at their Great Roomn, King.rtreet, gt. Jamagi'ssquare, on Bat-irday. Dec. 5. at 1 precisely, a COLLECTION of Tfia gentleman ecIved ofro Plthe, contry. a opn iga rn ok ca EalScooredwrko D TBNtoAMto aT gadea pice y etes an h BLasLupr by ACIN. atouheinr aRo,aoutms lesn.c e faromene TIt alia pitures, andot nueofausaoter wPRksOfmsesith differen schools. Maeley beoiewd ciwo da receing, n- atlge Thiserand -be0 letsofPlate, Jdizewaezlr. andvetchso n iw 1jESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORR, and SON Will .iJ. SELL, byatCIN,a their Rooms,.lgztet Kinagasreet, Covent-o gardn THID, lais n sill,lemer los ofTRE vaualoh,desklO s5dbTvembraUol' watchtes, Bcinsochins, craelr, gold chauns, douehsldg-fures,tureraglau;es silvers fandShffel plate and mfecs.elne.O iw m R. PHIL GInS. n mpistoteO annoView. ht ol no Ietuce t BELL, TITIN at thibom,Kn-sre.CvtsgRen Go-mory,Nw, Bond-s,stinst, cHIna crep, s6hawls, gnus, hrousehld, furnitLLure TseO of holo mder PChoicES,moderntEngulshd.Picturers, o h Bg school, previously advertised tu be soldt on the 17th, includluc many highily pleashingonsmpoRitlana, landscape scenets and donmestic subjeat., many of which have been exhibited at the Royal Ac-ademsy. Among the principal works may be mOntionod examsples by- T. Creawick, IL.A,J. Lianell Muiresay, R.A. T. S. Cooper, A. ILAA J. Holland W. Ruller W. P. Frith, B,A, J. P. Herring J. If. 1111l C. it, le-lie, H.A. E. Isabey La Jeuse 0. Stasfield, R A. T. Unwins, R.A. P. F. Pools, A.ILA. May be publicly viewed on Tuesday and Wednesday preceding the day of cae, and mvtal'sgues had of Mtr. Philtips. To IronAosnders. Smiths, Iromnccosgre, and others ,W 'ESSRS,31 FULLER anad HOR6EY will SELL by iLV AUCTION. on Friday, Dlee, 4. at 12 Oe"shc. on the Pre,ules 'NM, 14 and 1S Lower BelgrrTe-place, Plimliro the PLANT, Tools, an Stock of an IRO,'FOUNDER and SMITH, lIncluding two cupolas, about four tons of flab,,3f a variety of iron and wood patterns, two forges nod bellowe', smithsn'tools, foot lathe, bench shills, an assortment of black and furnishig-i ironmongery, fixture ahsd other effe.,ts. At the came time will be offered the Lease of the Premnises, No. 14, Lower Belgrave-p]Ace, to2ether with the Goodwill of the Basiness, established 27 years. Mday beviewed theday previous and menng of sale. Catalogues and Dartioslars may be had on the promnizes; ard of Messrs. Fuller and Horsey 13. Bhlliter-street, B.C. Re P. Collins, a liantrnpt.-Pawrnbroter's anud_ lil ~Brains', Zat ea.k 116 and 117 Drury-lane: also the Stock of Unredeemed Plledges, 1/R. JAM.1ES ROBINS is instructed by the Mort- .L&gagee, with the conseat of the Asaitnees, to SELL by AUCTION, without reserve, at the Booms, in C -vent garden on Wednes. day next, Dec. 2. otil for 2, in) four lot3, the BlEN 5"flOYAL, LEA,s31 and G3 OD WILL of an old-estslhllshed PAWNBROKER's BUSTNTEStS, which has been carried on for nearly a centuiry, sat 116, Driry.s lane; also, of the Sale Trade, conduceted at 117, Drury-lane, Boils houses have recently bean put into thorough repair, are very coaLvunlent for the above conotrao, which may. in this populous neglghbonrhoodl be carred on mostl siuocesafully. The3 renit only £55 per annum for eac house : hir 151 years. Also, int two lots, ihe well-selected St)ok of Pledges, amaounting to £1,100, or thereabouts. Ismaedlate possession. May lik viewed daily. and partIculara had; also of Charles Lt'-e R-q., oihldcl4 sgalgea, Aldermnanoury . of G3. 1. Jaquat, Esq., soll eltor, 9, New-inn, Strand; andI at the office, Io C ...nt-eardun. On View,-Plate. Wathesie, Jewellery, and valuable Effects. 11,7ESSlRS. PRIEST and LAWIfENCE will SELL .LJ.by AUCTION, at the spacious Rooms. Up,Per St. "dartin's-taen, To-morrow. Nov. 27. at 11 for 12, a large ASS'iRTIENT of GOLD ar.d SILVER WATCHES, silver plate, jewellery. and effeacts. THIS DAY. 1JR. SWAIN's SALE, at 1, St. Alban's-road, Ken- MJ.ltgtogon, comnmences with the CONTENTS of the STUDIO, at 12 o'clockc; the organ. Lot E8, at I o'e!orI books, ard. fumnlture.-Ths Lodge, Nettiug bIll. W. IN.B. In answerto laq".isies, Mr. S. sold this house at the mart, on the 12th insft. Poplar.-Small Freehold Inetment. 1iR. C. FlURBER will submit to AUCTION, at JJ.the Auctioni Mart, Bastholomew-lane, clty. on Wednesday, fle, 2 at12fsr1, bickbuit WELTh'I4OUSEO, situate and To Cotatr,Builders, and ethers. IVU . W.AD il SELL by AUCTION, at the ,l.. d. l JTmalca-wbarf, Upper Ground-street, Bliackfsias lRees; the Aucion Romo. onTuesay,Dec.1, a 10for 1, s conseont of Mir. Bowlr. rmove fro Limhous tiner ill of sale, about 1,1000 Nov.30,andcatloges ad t te actin roms S. Hatfield-te' Stamordetret;andat he ofic ortheaucioner, 120, Loudon-o, linilclgMaIterlais.-Fettorlar l,ESSIiS. EVERSFIRLD and HORNE have ro. l;.5ceiveS itmatetions from the ('Omal'-louArs of I-eer Majeshy's Wood sand Forests to SELT, by AUCTION, on tha Premiwses Tomorrow, November 27, at 10 forll. the MA.TERIAL,S sod FITTINGS or seven HOUbE.'s, Ncr. 116. 117, 135, 136, and 137. and part of 114, Fetter-laos, and Nor. 1 and 2, Ro'l'a-bulldtncs; to be token. dawn by the purchasere. May be viewed one dav' rerious. sod catalogues had at the office of Woods, kc., Whlteball-plaeo ; Eair' sf lames Peunnthomse. Erq.. 7, Whitehall-yard; and of the aretioueurs, 40, PArthmcent-etreet, anid Coal Exchange,' DesiableInvetmet.-Vluabe Lcrehld Estate at Chelsea, pro. dsicirg £203 per annuxm. wvell seeirttd. 1JR. OUGHTON lits received instx uctions to SELL MYJ by AUCTION, at tho, Commescial-ha11, Mi-:ge-road, Chielsea, THISJ DAY, at 1 for 2, the above ESTAT E. i's fire lots ; cuss. priting Bus. 1, 2, 3, and 4. Bailea's-niacs; 41. Outnheriand.streee, Marlborough-road ; 1, 2, 2,and 4, Kinmbolton-row: .Ii. 25, 79. and 800 Leades-3toeet ; anad 1 and 2, Oume's-place;: beltI Pt ls- greund rents somaeat a pepercorn. M,aybe viewedby consent & the renai,ts. Par ticulars and condlitions of sale may be nOd a'- thte plole of sale : or E. Newman. E'q., solicitor, 27, 'Walbrook ; of B,11 II, troad, Esq.. 7, FPi,nivaX's-tun. Loudon ; of Mr. Butt, estate s,,ent, Mee!l-o.ngio-road ; or at toe auctioneeca offices, Falbam-road, a,a Jtibile-terrscs. Chelsea, Leadenhall-street.-RemainingiStee, of itatstary,liassuvains. Vwase, B ]JR. SITGRAVE will SELL by AUCTION, octi £7;LTsedn1y, Dec. I. at 12 o'clock, at his Rtooms, 'S, Leadeohallstreet. the remWninlo STOCK of a mn'-nuractst,vr and mod.ller of ARTIFICIAL STO,NE, comaprLstog several ciasslc..l statues, both ancien andmoden, Icludng te Caova ancng Ilirle, Diana, Fldetity, Woodan,Pipng aun andothrs:fisly-odelledt ficnes of Neow. fc,udied dgs oitr Lndecri lins,ergs w.: severAl pairs of desinedfounain, ad a arity o ritusry.eists!e to the park, lawn,gardn, ornecesratry, al masefaIuein the shset manner, of Building bitatertais.-Orebara"IMtr' et, rtqiasneonars. P ULLEN and SON are directed to BELL, by A1UC- P102IO, on the Premises, To-morrow (Fridacl. Nor. 27, at 12, In lots, by orler of u.se Committee to clear the cr noid fur the an)proach to the new church, all the valuable BUJItLDINGY& TERIALS and FITTINGS-UP of a large DWELLING,- 1OUSF. Shop. Bakehouse andcomremEsetate, BOulryhrderet Purt.-mpnritant al comUpWrisn ods sou2d0brickeork,hoak and fir t imber inrosso Tisrs,ee ndslte' M EorSghSRdS. HAndom mahdOgNS havdpne-as re hope frnst,rwit 10pltesofnlss2 byo 29,ip leadr guvtt,Ers , citenaol p0Lpe iry workIOof otw laurgedaveand&c May b viemed. C n .ac .,atalgus a of'clockn andon Lscabe 9 Estate, 7 onblry, B0 ctch is.-I rand a Isalettyof upwaords o tet .220 ime mecantdenAcondwmletra TitenhuilTres,n te M( SR. A Tand paSalrytoei e hoNSth haves recv nslyo ibrol)touc etensiumved fall.TerhI of rmkalfieTtIBel combsd&,prIisig S maidngo ash. 95 aegba e,ry ctrimst 10d1crtohfiretos, and asatIty Lofmsycamore, chsnut, wllouW, and cother tee. The aubeleonel-, isg to callgte at- o toenton oflty h timber merchants,g courcrn,rtacghilers angod rothers olan particularmly threin sarc b1 th frmLinesxt qaityo of timer Lodony toi Nothisuneserve sets.wTh asdhe ris ontdInuybetonaul Thsripin eimngbof greatlengbs,vry srcic an lare di entstions,cand itiosomo the beatgroingon he stat; i fat, h inoothe neshboingto wmlt sopclorquaity.Thetimer I et'sdng ontittos pattvg oflod d. only bouta mil arda haf fro Leihton stai Aonothe Lndar andti NhopshWeisrn Ralwa and theKNS GandboL 'ourtloteanl. Shreemoury, ' Beaviewd on applc.1at4ion to ere laftertin, tneL lteee, ofuwhmt ctaol togus may be thaden' atthr ricpa nnun henoebus mr k 1et o o Railtoy Hottel. B 1ipriinga:Yng'adsiprintin Coffce Leghotn Bueehald;fr anddofrems.deHae intheSowns,ipscott, nar Liga and psiad.ally i e M br.ENIa S, ofabdlt thne ctu Htelo Saeopbm ootkn- ing 272a. 3r, l7p. of rirh samble, meadow, and pasture laud. The above estate ir situate to a highi,- respectable nelghbourhood, and ad. joins the Hardwickie Orange demmse of the Right Hon. the Viscount Hil. In additioen to its intersectIon by good roads, the estate shutsi on the Crewe and Shrewehuror Railway (now in couise of construction) at Hadtall Station, and Is distant six miles only from Shirewabury and Wem. The hous and buildinps are commodious, aLnd possess every necesay gricultural convenience. There are also three cottages on the efstae The land lies well togetber, Is of undoubted fertility. Sins high state of cuiltivation, and nuder an approved system of husbandry, Thewhoe o te pemies reIn he ccuaton of Mr. George Bln. ter, aeepnsbletennt atheyaro snt f 420. under a temy from~arto~ar, wich wll teminat dt y next, The Daso. This Day.-Tresbod Dwe]llngboaa In the City oa London. MI. MARSH ham received inftefCtiol2x to SELL by THIIODAYat the Mart, cgpota the EBaun oe Engglan TEEIS DAY No at t2 t~ iOLD DWELLING-HousEZ sttsA aid6engNo Old Fshatkst. adjoinng St. icholas Church, and In the ImmnedIAte vWIsInY of Ofinoaf-srIMet Bread.strseat and. rrd7*ft ittnielt pow M a1y be; dewed, auid partHensmri- Esq.. solicitoir 25, College-hill; anid at Mr. Marsh' cocss, Charlote-lrow, Mwadn-bori-esa. Thi Day.-Stone, cm ADlDWor%,I h onyo et MARSH h" receivetodhjS(jLby W IUCTION Mrt Bak f neao TaIS DAY, Novr. 26,a. 2ocnk esrbesalFRaI FARM, distinguisbed asTryLa Wr. oadlo bu 2 ce of moat productive arai n edwln,wt ar.oa barn, and other buildings iut ntepra fSoe ml rm aple dore. three vailes fromthApide atn,othSt.Es Railway, six from RV,mx~mTnedn ad1 rmAlfr,i the oocupition of antd lescom .Jh plte,ams epcal and responsIble tenant, for a term of 21 yas rmOtbr 85a the exceedingly moderate resita of £40 per aunnu.Myb 1w and Varticulare with oonditoso ae baie tteMr*o Messs. Benbow and Tikr oiIos ,Soebidns lcln. IDn: St the princIpal nst pedeAssr. e,adetreo and at Mr. Maaasofos Calterw anslnboie This Day.-Cenada.-Iill00 esces of Freehold ~Lad. MA B MARSH has received instrnctionec to SELL by .LLAUCTION, at the Mart, opste the Bank of rtugland, THId DAY, Nov. 26, at It, In two lots, avaluable ZISTATE, consisting of about 1,400 acrsu of freehold isod, situvate In the eastern township of Ascot, In the district of lit. Jranrls and within six moiles of the county town ofgSherbrooke, In he roince ofCanada. Particalars, with eonditlos of sale, mnaye obtaied at the Mat : of S. P. B. iooak, Esq., solicItor, 9, Lincoln'a-lnmnfdelft and at Mr. Marshes offices, ChArlotte. row, Manslcn-houze. lThisDay.-Earesstoskii -p~~dsiabeFaIy RFesden`es,ansi. able fo netetor cupation. M B, MARSH hsrcie instrntetions from the eOlgagee to SELm b A.UCTION, at the Mart, Oppate the Bauk of Enfgland, THISDY November38, at 12, Inthe lots, THREE capital FAMILY MRESDNE,pleasantly siatuAte, Nog, 33, 34, and 35, Queen's-terrc,Qeu-od,H ertchlifvemnes wakfrmteClk amStto,othNohLodnRlw ,ad near h alr'Amhne,prl e n aal fpoo grn row.Mnso-hs. reriodical Sae lentabllalid in I841 of Rvrin,Plce.Aniis Shares, Bonds, &o., for Thursday. leebr&VlibeAslt Revereontotbe Sum f£,0 osl,rctai ntedcaeo a lady, in the 78th ya fhrae V]R MARSH h.reidintractiong to iniclude Inbl next Mionthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policies, Ac., appointed to take Place at the Mart, on Thursday, eebr3 h very valnable A.SSOLUT E REVERSION to the sum ot £2,00 Console Irazt of a larger sum)t, sftrnding In the names of two trusees of the highest respectability, and renewable on the decea&e of a widow lady, now In the 78th iear of her age. Particlasm may be obtained at the Mart' -of HOward F. ealy, Eewq,, soRlctor, 27. Moorgato.stceet ; and at Mr. harsh' offee. 2, Charlo0tte-roW, ManSUBn-)Ionee. City AcinRos 5 Graoewhursh ket established173-hs Das aeof Miclaeu Property. 1AB. JOHINSON will SELL, as above, THIS DAY, Il ovember38, at 12, a largemasortment of HIiISOLLANRo Dli PROPERY, including some very excellent second-hand household furniture, feather beds and bedding, blankets, lalese and gentlemen's Apparel, gung, pistols, and other effects. City Auclion Boomas, 39, Gracechurch-etroetl: esta.blised 1193,-_To hpe Htleepers, &C.-Large Coaalgnsneut Of China, Earthen. wware and Glass, without resere. !JR. JOHNSON will SELL, as above, To-morrow. LTJ Nor. 27, at 12, In the Large Room, on the First Floor, without reserve, a large assortmnent of-soaperlor 0511N a. consisting ot dining, tea, coffeo, breakfast, and dessert servioes, J gs with metal covers vases, canletics,toletses,water jugs, ornameutal Sower pole, and vaee Etusantseesr fcooMay be. viwe theordaypree iou n andth Pmthorni Tale,rand.eatalaus had at Dcthe rooms. aeD ASEBTGeo AnimneAsmlg fcapital modem SeodbadPRIT,icond-hnd wshurniture roemoove ad fromo54,nyomhtn-crsofn,and Feiree othery privat Reel- ofSar RSa , OhXmey Hpanofrtwil SEL byer AUsrpto,cTomm , bll at teir, Boomsar, No=a ol, a5.Oxod-street, nearn thble Pantheon Eeto-morrelow,rtds,fr b2oukn ct Aribyu,thenuerepet, andEBIsecSofdr stseads2 and mhoanyigs chirs sofas,i sopette,wandgeasy caidrs.oiea planditto, drawers, waahatands, dcessing tablrs, glases, fto.: chimney gls,domestlo requistes, andL numerous ifecte. May be viewed on C-rdyand morning of sale, and cstalogues had. No. 34,. Morint-stree Grosvenor sqtuare. 1IESSRS. OXENHAM %iave received instructions MJ, from Mr Gelding, who Is entirely selinonlohing the business, to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premisee, 00 Trirstiy, Dec. 1, arid MIllewln 'day, at 12 each day, the suaperior STOCK. of wodern FURNITURl including mahogany winRea and plain wardrobes, cbeets of drawers, waeheiands, droesing tables, ftc. easy charir in g,reat varlely, three chliniey-glassae, leo, card, and occasional t,bies, cbeffoniesr, as elegaut silt inokcase with jaspur slab, carpets, work-beaches, and utn isin tad; huercaioral ousehold furniture,ta fcmrsin. w ohIfONes, on, mahogn P rabians and secndag-sry hstesdgrand huangTingsro, with bedin completel, thardrobes, f draer' wROhUan; RiLD the- Arbeiedon. aonda athribdztmorningdo s%ale,barddcataltoguead; wandatobessrs. Oxlnatagl doffics, 03,tsOxford-eraee, nearbiethe wanheotnd Pnd lemalbech.niberapp eudsehol FrnitoudreawndgEffecs. le satinBo, GEoal. chffoLevSwith wlat-lasELL bhmuy-gaU , NIUE hc nldsmahogany cr ahe%sieord toll en,hairpuatnued rencth, Bruabin and other baxedst eades a apIal biedd.~ ingdaowas ward-ns china and glass, kitchen requisites, and numerous uueful effects. Oa view the day preceding and morning of sae, Catalogues on the promises; and at the anstioneer's offices, 3, Pont-street, Selgrave-squure and 24, Beirsyre road, Pimisoo, S.W. Westminster-road, Lambeth.-Leasehold Dwelling-house antd com- msnding Business Promiser with possgession, 1JUR. GEO. GOULDSMITH will BELL by AUC- A TION. at' the Mart, on Tuesday, December 1 at I precIsely, by direction o1 the ttortgpgee, a brick-built REBID ENO ,a-ith commanding elevation, and large double-fronted Shop. capable of carrying oa au extensive tradie, Edruato 10, York-place, Westminster-road; held for 43 yearsuunexpired, at £8per annum. May be viewed: andDnarticularo and ooudtitous of sale can be had at the fruss-; of WiUian Aokrsm Smith, Req., solicitor, 90, Dunbigh-etreet, Pimulico ; arid at the ens. tionwees offices, 2, Pont-street, and 24. Belerave-ioad, Plmileo, tLW. Si, Ntary-azo.--Sale of Furoltuare of a, laing-house. MIESSR-6. DEW and MATTHEWS will SELL by A lOiON, oni Tuesda-y next Dec. on the premlsezs,23, Burystreet, St. Mary-axe, tbe useful FU RTR, comnprising mahogany chainm table,s-ia, 12 feather bede,bedding, glass, china, square pisue, kitchen utensils, hooks, enugravings &c. On view, the day before and morning of sale. Cataogues to be had on the premises, and of the auctioneers 12. Bishopseato without. Auction Reoma, Vincent-square Weatminiter.-UnerDsesfo Bent, removed from CaMbridge street, Plimlio MAR. SCHOFIELD will SELL by AUCTION, iL.THIS DAY, at 1, moderrn HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE;comprisng mahogany Araisan bedelsas, marble-top washatands, drersing tablep, mahoRany chests of drawers, sideboards, cheffomlers, dining, lee, and pembroke tables sets of chairs, easy ditto, chlmnejg'-sess, B3russels oarpets. kitchen furniture, ftc. Excellent Modern Household Furniture and Effects, taken under h-ia ot sale, from two large houses, R.J .WARD will SELL by AUCTION, at M Rhi sacous Booms, Hampton-street, WeIworth-road To- mOrrow, INov D7a 2 2w0iot ofEsuerio FUINCTION , com-S pisiadngbabin Uetpaorte, ct yodro twodiin &admdaing trtoomr o.r IS Ardrt11obe,chmbrpurnulytuechin,gas ornamenof ts, Fand tw cars, _-On Noletw, n aal ust be haded n iw atd thearoo gueandocs Wad. rh-d fro the Ruesid enceha Br09om Lef,inld.ng rseod aie Pinno- P.H HINAD wLUMEli SELL by AUCTIN a 8 Leade,atharisreewaciy'by Chrder oflteyOoruinlf,toratorro.ToSDA7, at 12 for 32pyun acdualoh, ttte ShONeriffof thdezeAmILYh REIDN CE,m B, Adea W Espsto pheaosito,m defendantuncu. o h litan brig MAIA CEHRI8TINA, now lying at the South Quay, Lon don Docks Pelntod particulwar and oonditloas of sale at Garraway's; and at Mr. Edward Luiley'is auction offioes, 07, Chancery-lane. Salvage, ox Bover, from Jlamburg, on accou t of whum It may eon cemn.-Peremiatory Sale, -MIESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUC- TrON, at their Oommercia Sale Booms, 44, Famringcon-street. one door frons illborn, on FridSy, Nov. 27, at 12. the following GOODS, slightly damnaged by water, viz. :-101 West ihaiabams, U cowt. spiced beef, 110 Buaslau ox tongues, curt. Casti e soap, j ton tanmarinds, bottled fruits, French olives. draes, ftc, On view morning of sale, Cntaloguea at the rooms; at the auctioneors' otnegss St. Michsae's-hoasse, St. Mice%el's-alloy, CorDbill, and IS, Hation-gas-ion To Pape,rhangers. Bnuiderm,Hosas Agents, and others, hII,TIN DALE wvill SELL by AUCTION, at his ,LT..L ooms. Grosvenor-sts-oct, (tommer-ctal-soad. on Tuesday. December 1. at 12, the entire STOCK inTtcADE rifea PAPERHANGER and DECOE.&TOR, consistinig of upwards of 7,.HO pieces of paper. han)gings, compuislr eatingc, flocks, criessono damnask,, chint es, marb'les, stafircases, linings, centres, and canvass; lotte.1 to suitth trade and private biuyers On view the day before Eale. Catalogues may be had of the auctioneer,.Pcrti3nd.place.Commercla-r.,BL. tesny. lnBasrutcy-Toteretret,Borugh, The Miscellaneous litoss uof a Geera DelerandSalesman. M~ESSThI,,. PRICE and CLARK will SELL by iYIAUCTION, on the Proaesse. 45, fro'ey-et.ret. by order of thae Assinee of aseRos, Tomorow, ov.27,at Iii cur 12 preciee:y, a large SSORTENT o WEARIG APPItRI.linHen, bosha.plate. jeweier, ad nmerus tem. By b viwedtheday l,rior ts and mornng f sle, s-t caaloges ad n te prarniten; of Messrs. Shefied, olIitos. 8,OldBrod-sree, K.;of G. J. CGrahami, Esq., offiial oslgee, 1', otenan-srost E. ,;ndat the aectioneer's bicnmiuiir and (Ihuseh, Ornaunente, and Werks of Art eaoasycra in Oak, 1MAAESSRS. BROOKS and BEALS will SELL by ilA )f N. on the Promilrses 5. Arabella-rssw, Pimlico, on Tees.- dey, Dec. 0, at 11 the well known STOIIK in TRAD& of M,r. MH. . Harrison; co6mprialg elegantly designed end el.bor.telyonured oak sideb,ardiLs, ebiue's. lecternis, Prideesux, Olsetoulbiry. Elizabetbau, and altar cbair'. cotta of armas, elegant brackets, table ornaroent, for the library anti bontdir, superb Gothic clockueaes, anid sun4ry carvings: also the con- en-saof she workshop. and stock of sossoned ouk and wal, nut-tree andother woods. Maybheseen tieday prior, Catalogues had en the premiAses: and of thae auctioneeas,209. PicusIlily. AIse of tllsreilauesn items. ESSIRS. S. LEIGH SOTHEBY and JOHN MLLWlLKYiNd :. Tauctioneers of ilteraer pros erty aud works conRected with th'sflus arts, will SELL by A.UCPION, at their Houise. 3. Wellitgton-street. Strand, THIS DAY, Nov.,213, at. 2 peeclsely, ak COLLECCONN of MISCELLAIEOUS ARTIOI.Bo., the property rita getemnreetly returnedfrom.abroad, comprising apainrof duelling wvort with silver bilt, orientlt and other imolementaoO war, aliver ard metal watches of early construction, some silver spoons, some auole_t and modern engravet gems, a set of mrathematios: instruments in ailver, and other mieollancous objects, also some ine cels in stone and bronzo, Roman fibula, &o. May be viewed and Oatalogue3 had, Torington-qnsre.-Tasblonable and nearly new Furniture, a leervice of Modem Plate, Plated Artiole, handsome Chiaa mad Cut-Glas, T'able and Bed Linen, Wine, and Micllsneoua Effects. IjESSRS. PLEWS and WALL are instructed by iL the Proprletsr to SELL by AUCTION, on the Promles, 12, Torrington sqitare, on Wednesday, Dcc, 2, and foUowing day, at L2 for 1, the elegant FURNITURE, Inoluding a drawing roem suito In walnut-tree and satin brocateUel gUt console table, . hlhsney-glaSses massive rot of dinIng tables, elde%oard, Brussels carpets, dining room and library appendages, In Spanlthmahogany, the cbaisa In morooco leatber. rich velvet pile carpete, chwaber furniture, ineluding mahogany Arabian bedsteads, a lady's winged wardrobe with olatellass pauels, and the numerous tbor effects cuastomary to a gentleman e resideaso, all of the best deaeriPtion, and only very re:ently supplied. The reeldance, in perfect dresrative repair, to be let. May be viewed tio day preceoing the sale, and catalogues had on the premises; and of M1e3srs. Flows and Wall, 34, Poultry, and Olapham-road. City.-Superb modern Fumiture. In nine preservation, elegant Drawing Boon Buito In walnut two brifllant-toned Cottage Planos, oak Library Bookcase and Table, rloh Turkey velvet pUe carpets, ooatty Dinner and Dessert Services, two splendid Chimney Gla3ssa iu enameUel frames, o,, removed from Brook-street Groevenor-square, Also a fashionable Brougbam Carxige, Horse, and Harness, .rESSRS, HEELES beg to announce they wUl Jjk SEL, by AUOTION, at the room, 69, Qneen-streo two doors from Now Carnon-attret, city TO-norrow Nov. 27, at 12, the suitable APPOINTMENS of a gentleman's resAence, oomprishng an elegant and richly carved walnut wood drawing-room euite, Ocatly Inlaid oabl. nets and tables, noble chimney glass.es oblong card and Occaional tables, commodes en suite, two brlllant-toned6 i-octave cottageplanoa, rich velvet pile carpets, bronos, proof printa, elegant china servloes, &c., handome cmarved oak and mahogany furniture for the dintng rooms andl Ubrary, inolodtng sets of chatr and loungo3 covered lu morocoo, teleCope dintng tables, noble carved-back sideboad f£tte withb plat glare, &e., wrought iron sAfe, oak library bookce andtable, &tc. fashionable bed cbhmber appendagek including Arabian bed steads and damak haLsgings, clean bedding. noble wingod and plain wardrobes, drawers, Braues carpes, window curtains, double and single-)ole wahxtids and china Stigs, bodeteps, ornaments, &o., al hdkitaben items, chins andglass, broughba cariaee, horse and hrness, and effect, May be viewed the day ptior to 0al, and ocwtalogues had of the =uctioneers, 1, Htrd-ln-hand-oouc% (IlisDaplde, Be Clayton. In Bganiourdcy -WaWng-utreet city,.-holese and .cta Sid" Stock In Trade ot a Pssfnmer. aTgw ,w MAilan Pltirres mad Utecalksand X&Ag.-Abah t Jei 4tsUM s. Azsiseee ~ ~ ~ ~ b &;; oia MIR ETER BROAD WMl SELL by AUCTION. All.on the A'esS. Ilae, THIS DAY, Novemer 36 % i lp* Cieely. Onaccont of the niuoibe, Of lots, PANOF GOO]% oi.sr dmMpion otantdressing, writin, envloe aan"otigem, %ci lnertands. Paper knives, dte, boards, d, lh compuete,NaArrahl oeo, a g oklts*hO Stand, portemonnalM, workba Peedilcaseg, broohes stus, ooN. brugbes, sollet-brsshes, and soo ofeeydscgo nV'ba1A china vises, drsmf,,g anod oval glasse in mahogany ar& CU fms large assorment of stationery, valuable ucrumcry. expensive e.,eMaj Oils, oosmetiquss, kc., tollet soaps pomatur, fancy, beauth, bannlsser d st-mpcr, scrubs and other brush es,capet boms.ral, presrve fruits, saues, ple'tles, oils, colours, demy mod roya PB per, aid vlariou effects, On view the day~ peric and morning ofiAle, (Jataloegu On the Premises; Of NMesLr Lepar and GaImmon, solicitors, (loak. lane; of P. Johnson Esq Ofir[ Assignee, 20. Basiagball-Aedje; azi4 at the oftioessof r. 'terhroad. aucltIoneer, 28,Poultry. EarninersrItlh-Zdgib%L1 shl Estato for en-sOvd Sl lIAR PETER BROAD1wil SE y AUUTI0N., ILat the Mar%opiethBakoEnld, To.uoro,Ny.7at12 HREwel-ul Noy. . atee, tsesiwetacbued andL RovEIde1ntl9 bitedingS No., 3, i .L j Ceraey Villas, ngreulnd, Ohem, of mthe ogfmthe value of £00g per atus rent. Way be viewed. PartIculasn obt i4se. Watic teand Sztons,gRDos. vess-eree asqd Hammetr New-inn, a Bthemart; Ind at the suctiocar -Mo, PoulPulry, B._ PETERP BROAJ) Wil SLL by AUCTION, £ .at the '(art, opposite the Bank of Xagland, To-merow.lioy. 3k ato12, thaiwel-built mod coubeingoNtly fitted HOUSE, No.ee, Rols terace, C ekesgrelndfor a toa of 9h ewssfrom lildanner-26pe y. rent proyucbe oewhed.Prti49ular obtaine Mat the viewed ofan Thll. mIanothained lofisMom, F, N t-in, rad; aond aoztothe nclonms otreet,38 hePou(ltry. t e ; n fte utoer,KPtly num djoiingCheesRailway b taionvesoltment.%b dzgo l,R. PETER BROAD Will BELL by AUCOTION I LVJ at the Hart, TuopositeNthe Bank ot 1ngland,re Ot morW, lovu. .er .7,matL, ntw ot,by oLDEr fThe.MootmptseTWOw mrbultaetlaJ. erected brickg-bouil OUE, wit gaenos.3itatedm W&InoI&eet, MOW-' co%ad, Chlnxag thel formv Btto o 9 eancte Noromh-Kdntmsrde, and p,c. mducp rodcn etorether £49 pero anuts m.uuting be view ed,andt Dartc jasrsotained of Megsrse Loftyd PodtTreeand6Son, ooln%Ic.ieods,3611 streeMt. bandr; at the arl; mer'dtof athe ? uc aneer 28, teOulkT R._ PETER BROAD will SE,LL by AUCTION! kkat the arc,ut p(ieteBn fEgad To-morrow, Nor.3.a 2i he os,vrvJ. able TOspciu cnractLAEOd weST Alt, comp-lstn 20 we-VILA eight. rooCMeddwnog.hu7and 1ith garbtdgens Viluase.I Weatbose.greoes Pe. crassn, adjoiningntheialwand Smtaeio o thepNorthittend ineh dmod q duing corventimaelte to produerentalostamountin trod£510gper annum huneld or longtermoOAea rms, at1ex7edintlslow groundaens.Ma b tvewd Marticuiewrs by ?dcre ovelnd med twe ed, 64. Paloaln'e-obleaia;a stthe Mart;.n at R.he Scuctioneq, olcityoauctio and erm,teted; onc oatlche. 28,oee fics 8 Poultry. PeurireVlls LeaboldYwAte,Upr.-AlableLaystehold itveetmtena fk; s Po cy o Anurnc horbsol-Utre SavdStee. mo o h BI~. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION' DmOS Nost 1ieSat omro.Nr 7 andt9 Imrdg Pras ecstorely, is Pwoadt dngiTof,inEubetan 1,I)an ornameNta reANrDfited wth veydomes, tiveh conveniercey,loet toexcelln tenlan t,,atin;a Idouc Hon,pr num;el niratr of9 Al pn-leatnrs,. fRomMsrch,4k, at d aowPounlcnt aybe viewed.b petiulrmssion or the Tenanu.tsq.,Partor av Cobtane aot tCheMaprtd;of I. .Sntr,sq, Jhson.ioEsq5, Nelwcin Strand; and& hatl theeautoatethe olSce. 2ro5 heacio-,2, Poultry. Surry easeoldSu,t.er, Une Albny-treet,or beointos.park n 1,R. ETRBROAD Il SELL by AUCTO101 MV..at the oMart. h Bn o Egau,Tlo-morrow, Nov 2 t reiel,into os Cat haIntwonI Sarey,clsemto-tetRailwad Stala; RLeSMehold ,ouse Nm..d4rUppe Ahnr.trects nSth aent 4,.park adnd PMol ricykAsurnce frorm£80,effectoedpon thele oft alady in Ae 43oduc yeatr. cout, af ObeapIride o Parck Jaeolsne Prsert, ofca atgne B 0,o Baesingo.~ hl-eTo eet:at te r.rt ord of hers,aucineer 28&olt.bdry.n f h R~[. PETER BROAD wil S3ELL by AUCTICON, at the Hart, onponite the Bank of Esrlas,d, To-mrrow. Nove. 27 atr127,atin i two lots, sO, he,nL.dTeR-STd VILL thob Bfl)eNCLiE, of mhose dsigcln,shol o,1 , and comnig4rms, Nao.ndon Villpsas,Btrook. btig N,. ,2,and3, are Vilas Anel-ane, iningmmeldmath,the two inues'wal oftheHig-rod. f te etnmthedanl Pr alues of P offeinggoo opprtuitIs fo inestent.Ma fbe ewe. PTactio. Strand: Msses, Wason, Bouvrie-etret; andor the auction flesr. We are a H anmrup -lcomerilerperytht tropgteeoe Aseinuors,fo ld-~ ltR. PETER BROAD winl SELL by AUCTION. her te rm-a.T-om.Ny 27, at 12, nto os teL7ERShnoh enfca L'U1EASE o choestspaoudrawegnd c-ommendin premisaes, mNo. 181. Blahropom,"stee withorurnt,uheldfo an unexpired 6otervoe1 pveoarte,fo Lady-day rnlaist,a cLmoahhousfect,nhy lnvoft,indunprlor'-; Caadloineing, oheld tote 28,e utin-r 8 Poultry. Wa ren Htome, l1acbesth-reeOld PAueh `urnolktuare adEfet lR.PETER BROAD WMl SELL by AUCTION, LYJ. onthe Oled Shep To-ot rrghow, Nov.7,aturda, teNoveSer OLe FUmRNItURE four r sidng bedZsteados, bedding2,carpets, drapery. chiLest fdaes drehonasoi roo Yrequisiteshahgn dinina l3ghtr-oome,and Othldrngsurniue, fnse-ty onedI-octves pdoliganofoTekitche Teeeaucter.a tnd othereffecs iwond-sew day pror. Chsiatalges onathe ofremises; po Brlg. hetDomtgV s mayblevrewehod Eou tep-Nortfon qatre.Notok .eraJl te l Shnip-o( Bihto;a l Wotel, Brighton,o atudy ovme h Rompriate fu rt1esidecsrituar Noder 301 l 8 n3, umitrfolk- bulins.ncoe byTE fROldn-Ate adwing, andL Tbo TenemeNt,a anm. OnThe Premises ma he viesed,y oenmapplrtio at 301, th oDrfolk smoae, atclr s an~H(D cniin of salU e cmph m aybehodofTanyflout bur,st e, A sbliator 35nOd F ,n'abdtewds, iLodong.c;s of drawrs. ec and stansenm, Kin~g'syroo.d.Binirtn; atnth old Ship totel, cetsghfOean, ooubdeo M BPeterrs d caupt.ctimneery8 goltry,s London.bones walway-treetdmiongj.- uite.l a moernyIsoeriiehtold Furitueandfre chffectlas,-Aftbeone rae.use,nvrosfec niwapir N/R. PETER BROAD WMl SELL by AUCTION, M 71on the Premises, on Tuesday. Dece,mber I, at 12,theispery ior pot,aruabian I ndI Frncthbedtas bGEE diNg. chrEsts of d ttcre above cotmodsimaouan REIDECE,dng, frander of 7, 1ior tayeas, mstofthairs. cedgllones rental carpEts, chmey gas,es. ehe bOavlt broanes;fu walnutioumreedraoigms thre an ooit o n vrmuprorotisetoud apiandomort chinag, gles,ich-huen rtbeqite, &,sandvaiousi ifets. own viewdayofprior. CneataMlocuesed Pttoua on the promises, or of the acIne.2.Puty larciozemont8 Coutas,HrrhmW. o-oTeee n iefo h C apila taltModen-Furmiture S ottare Piano,deDce with Ro rom nda, ESSPES.k BRONG will SEHWWELL byAUTO on the O'rehe. onthi Tuesatyor,Dcme 410 Oxt 2d precI ela, toho saquabre. TINTEISDA iither aGREEMENT for! LE-aSEanit ofte abovef IOmmDiu F RESIDENCE, for Aabantermuofa,n1 othr21bears,eats wthex boedding,ylo rhental of £40 per-tad anum.r The houlse cont-gaissfou commoiousrbed roolm tharee reuohstio roo,ncb . andblampley domeetin Ogices,dolgac-ose stabdlte,r, lstandebadingcinieow rouind moof aboutf CItable lBodthern FurnIiture, iSquaredPchambDrawttnmingRoom suite Clatdrpetus,tCs,rtwodosenlfrgeCiney-Glasues, titrahde,andIes n Efts. MITESSRS. KING and NEPHEW wiUliSElLdeby ns,theirS DAY (ThurSeDAYl the 2ts aTOC12, a quantty o incudin bedding, cheEstIeor daw iler ,wshoetindgand drmaskn tables tolo,t-gLries. ODbaur romsies oit,Ouhs.es har.nhl hmeygass gisod%olee,pgasihadeler, 1 lu0taros ofidoloas,che airnnd roa,dnn quantiyo u ases fula donmna mic ai es N wand view.uio R. ESR. T IH adNE H W wl icuei Twearngty p Celsooftsrawnd anteet,Hos,admcdlno mixcefflaneou prPpeper.y. wlSELLTTbNG AUC tION, at rch yo 35a, tLeirsterDecembre,TI atEfoV I h ~TLUABLE Freehold Land, adapted for Building Vor Garden Purporescloee to the town of airchin, an the Bedforl-- road. Land-tax redeemned. P-ationlarsansi onditionsofsrulemay be had of Mr. Charles Bellamny, Bridge-street , Hltchin; at the place of sale an ofMr.W. E. Whittingbamu, at the offices of the Britislh Lan.d Company iLimi ltedl-14, doorgate-treel, Londoan.F-C. wroalord Railway.- -Two mitles from the Loughtou Station, near RJgo Beech.- V,shold Residence an,d Ii acres of Land. je¶SSRS. HUMPHREYS and WALLEN have £2.1.received iustrnictllo.s to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mact, THEIS DAY. 'Ncov- 26, at 12. In one lot the 1:1gbly valuableon tid .o p'rovable PROPERTY, henown asW .eishi Lodge. with Its gadn, out-buildings, and rich meadow tend. the whole extending to is acress. The.hrmn situation of the ettAte, the contiguty Of the railway, and Its own rap abilities, render It well worthy of the a'ttention Beech, ~'eesdfod and naroforook antd ofTe Mess.Hepryan IjESSR.S. JONE~S andl BONHAOR willBELL by JJ,AUCTION, at their great Rooms, Lelceste-r-sreet and Prince. street, TEHIS EVENING, at 8 to the mninute, HOUSEHOLD FUR.- NITURIE and EFPPISOU, In great vaLriety, vim,. ornamental iron. Arabian, nud French bedsteads, also faure-poet, Arabian press ands sofa besdsteads In snahogauri, bordered goose leathrbor s, har and2 wo'! mattresses and bedding, wardrIobes, cheoir of dirawcMrasbetando and dressing tables, masqueterie bookcase, two pate of cabinets, cheffo. niters, lou. Pembroke, card, and dining tables, threeoruperb drawIng room suites in velvet and satin, noble alasums,and handsome Pattern carpets and rugs, two fiue-toned 61-octave pianofortes, several sets of chairs, eof as. ceuhes, easy chairs,tOgotber vwith bed chamber and kitcebn requisitec In abundance. Onx view until time of sale, and catalogues to be had. To-morrow Evening, at S toi the minute. a Collection of 30 Picttucc Picture Frames, So, lJESSRS. JONES ancl BONHAM will SELL by MkLA OTION, at their Great Rooms, Leleestor-otreet and Prinamstreset. TD-morrw Evening, at 6, a C'ILLECITION of PICTIII)ES, including works bynild and moodern rmasters,,orthy the attention of collector adte tr3de, Picture frmes, On view and catalogues to be hard at tboflce .C%O. br QLUDt,eDt Atree-Ohoi o ltion of high-cla I-lo tures, by the Italian, Flamic, Dutch, and Rngilsh Matters 11/fR, GARC(IA will SELL by AUCTION, as above, eho:ice ASSEMBig,AGE of Yhig-lassdoT mPAINrI°X¢LG au embracins:g. amngou others, sons fin exao mples by the folloinsg and other scsro3 L, da Viuci Meztu Berghem LTncO Velsawsez Wouvermm,s Wattlan aie.s iso Ferato Hogarth Karl du Jardla Sr. On view, and catalogues of Mfr. Gareit, ss above. An Aemblago of well-mide, nearly new, Household Fulrniture and Efects, c0onsisting of Pmnofortes Carp-i, noblo Chimney GaIse an elegant Drawing-roorm Sulte Lao shapes and other ITables, Bahl and MarqueterioCablnet, noblo Vasoe, Florentine Bronzae, C lckn. and ornamental Ornaments, Plate and Plated Goods, three Wardrobes, Sideboard. 12 Spanish mahogany Chirs covered in morro noble telmrcope Dining Table extending to 12 feet, Cheval and Moilef Giaros, mahogany and walnut Arabian Bedteads, Nest of Drawert marble-top Wa3shtandas aed Tables, ejommodcs. quantity of Mo. deralor Lampns,~ and other effects, part removed romn London-wall. EA BARNS Will SELL byAUCT1ON,THIlSDAY ab (Tb say), Nov. 23 aed To-morrow tl 2preoolaely.at hlsRoOm 60, St. Paul's chumchyard, an assemblage' of eles nt HLOUSEHOLD, WURNITURE and BRIETf, consitingl of two fine-tone-d S piano.. fortes, drawing-room site covered In gatin damask, with carved tabla to match, noblo chimney glasses carpets of r lae dramension buhlR tortolabell, and martueterle, booke, cablnets. , elegantor-moultr clocks and beautiful lornaments, Frlorentine bronzes, noble antique Dreeden Vases canterburys, whatt-note, work tables, tea-poye, plate sad plated goods, 12 Spanish mahogany chairs covered in MOrco with earre and couch an moire, mahogan dinne raso.awl. made redeetal wrilting table, mashogan and A bl&.'ffdfteA4 wltlt clean bodding, marble-top ,waslstans and dresinectablesetoilet patenit chevaa glass, nesttofdra,were,, ommodlee On riew. Liataoguesass abeve; and of Mtr, Barret, solicitor. 2, Bell.rard, Doctoree-commons. WedSaes t ivrpoL-n oerav Deemer1 al,t heBodiu
