DEATHS. ntetSe.,bfore Dhi. from w d z reeived In the ena en the h i Seat., aDei thl takin wo Daelhi Edadrd Boil the 14th, C2hrles Xenry Titz-loy Gamble, Leut. and Adt., late 38th Bengal N, L. Infamtry, eldeet son of 'E. James Gambler, of Aahley Lodge. Cbelteubarm, aged 23, Near Jubbulrpoor, on thae 25th Sept kIlled by the mnutlneers of his ReO.. by Whomn he had been detatnei ! a hoatage, Poantis A. it. furray MacGregor Lieut. S d Bengal Native rnfantry Ina the 3tth gew of his age, fifth son of the late General Six Evar IT. Vfaogregor, Of MaGlregOr. Bart.. and Ldad Eizabetbb If.C VacGreg,pn. At Jullindur, on the 6th Sept. from Illdnes brought on by exposure ,bilo serving with bis yegimen n the PROab, Liest George HDalam, Only son of G. W. H[alla. Req, Brent eiaAm ell.U Horts, in the 2Dth year of h ll age. On the 5th Sopt., William Thomnon SomerTlsle, aged 21, LIeutenAnt ,.n. East India Company's Actiery, of fever, from fatigue before DelhI. OR the o0th Aug., in the shiPWreeic Of the Doubar. of Bydney Head, Charles Jamea Troohton, eq.. ofth e firm rt hfof I s. Robeit Davies and Co., of 187, Shoredltch. On the 12th Inst., at Yoouil, Somerset, Anm, the belove wineof IL. IL Shout, arabitect, aged 29. On the 18th 1nat, at fStredon. lnear sentlaorth, Warwicshire, Mr MlIzabeth Jone, relIt of Mr. George Jonee, 0.18., In her 88th year. A On the 16th Inst., at Navarino Oottahe, Dajtonu, Mr. Charles Thoad,E on, In hts 74th year. On the 16th los dt, at St2pleahil, Staffordshire, of aoti bronchitis, ALugusa, fourth daughter of the late Thomas Jonee, Re., of Dawllsb, Devon. On the 17th Inst.. at his resdence, Hlllingdon-end, Uxbnid9:e,ThemaN Qeots Walford, Feq., aged 77, beloved and rpected by his family and friends. Onthe 1th. Int. agd38, safter avTMsbcort illnesa, Mr. Edward Drke wie mechant .of8 ViUliers-treot Strand, and Hunserford- make, oa sincrl kerete by a numerousi circle of friends. On the 17th Inst., at the resdence of John Heatbooat, Esq., X P1., Tivoerton, Samuel Amory. Rezq., of Thsogsnorton.,tceett Leundon, aged 74. On Wednesdy, the 18th Iast. at 14, Dake-street. M an tctt, the Lleut.-Col C. Thoold ill, late of the 29th M-N.I. aged 49. On the 18th lust., Roa.-Admiral Charles Grahams, O.B., in the 61st ear of his age. On the 18th Inst., at Croydon, l'rancis Nalder, Req., In the 74th year et his age. On the 18th tnat., at miduight at his residence. Thoreass-street, St, Jrohn's Southwark~ CaptP. J^mas.uherlad. age 69. On the 18th luat, My. James Abbey, inn., of Camden-road Hol. OWAy. On the 18thL lnst., at EIMesborougch Rectory, Rnxoks, aftr a, very abort nows Ilary, the eldestchid of the Roy. William Hery atnd EisAteth England, aged 88. ni the 18th Inst. at BrIghton, after a lingering lnime, Maria, Wife C, L.leut.-General N7riby, C.B., Of the Madras Army. On the 18th Inst, at Shroblanda Toy, Torquay, aged 20, Ellen Rgsauda, the beloved daughter of Major and Mrs. Mlinter. On the 18th Ins'., at his resIdenoe, 12, Marlborougb.lae Old Nenttoad, after a long and painful illess, Uir. Thomas Schofeld, in the 76th year of his axe. On the 18thi inst.. at his residence, Grove Heonce, Southgeec Rants, age 68. Benjamin Bramble, Rgq., Alderman. a',,' Juetlee of the Peace for the Borotugh of Portsmouth, universally reispected. On Wednesday, the 11th inst., Maria Ann, the beloved wife of Mr. George Drake, leweiler, of Upper-street, Islington, in haer 488 year. On the 19th lost., at 10, Bolton-row, Carzon-streek, Mayfair, the ufant son of Alfred Poland.
CALIFORZiTIA. (nrom OUR OWN aoospoNDMT,1 SAN FRANTCISCO, Ocr. i Business has not improved much since the depar-. ture of last mail, but there has been a fair demand for general merchandise. The near approaeh of the wet season and the short supplies in the interior induce strong hopes of a speedy activity in goods of all sorts, while the moderate number of arrivals in. the last fortnight affords a reasonable hope of an improvement in prices of foreign goods. Only three vessels have arrived in that time from Atlantic ports, one from Bordeaux, one from Batavia, one from the Sandwich Islands, one from Hamburg, one from Sydney, and 64 coasters. The grain of California growth is now found to be much more than will be required for home consumption, in consequence of which fact the prices of breadstuffs have declined, and unless an unforeseen demand for exportation springs up prices must continue low for the rest of the year. Indeed the necessaries of life, instead of being, as formerly, fabulously high, are now obtainable in great abundance at very moderate rates in San Francieco, and at still lower prices throughout the rest of the country. There is a slightly Improved feeling manifest in real estate, which is likely to increase. The lending of money at exorbitant interest is now fast ceasing, owing to the large accumulations of capital in the hands of the industrious classes, of the resident capitalists, and of the agents of foreign capitalists, so that the money formerly loaned is now invested in the purchase of land andl houses. Upon the whole, there is such a degreeof improvement visible in mercantile and financial matters of lato as warrants a hope that our " bad times" are slowly passing away. A judgment has been obtained against the late State treasurer and his sureties for $100,000, the defalcation being $245,000, of which there is a prospect of a portion being rect,vered. The other rogue, his coadjutor, ls still in prison for contunacy i-a refusing to answer questions touching the "steal- The amount of gold exported in the last nine months was 835,162,047 4Gc., which shows sa decrease upon the export of the same period of last year of $1,960,886 68c., a fact which goes to Erove that the country is getting rich by producing and ranufacturing so much as enables her to dispense with a large amount of imports formerly paid for in gold, which she now keeps or saves. The supply of golddust has lately been short, as was to. be expected towards the end of the dry season, when the diggings are limited to such rare localities as have a supply of water throughout the year. We have been edified for some time back with accounts of a warlike nature from Maripema, of Anglo-Californian gold mining notoriety. It appears that since the confirmation of Colonel Fremznnt's claim to land somewhere (the decree being indelinite as to locality) in that district his agents here have run a-mulck of the old miners, who had acqtdred rights in and possession of the mineral lands before Colonel Fremont's claim was adjudicated upon; and as these old miners contend that the Coionel has no legal or equitable title, either by the terms and construction of his grant or its confirmation, to the mines possessed by them for many yoara, a series of operations,offensive and e -ensive, peculiar to California has been inaugurated, which has already produced much ill-feeling and a mxi rZ litigation, which are pretty certain to end in bloodshed. The hostility is general in the distrit, fora -IYariposa paper of the Ist of this month warns the Colonel that a persistence in his present cour.- will be utter ruin " to his prospccs in _ .: oa county," and that " the vista of futur3Iv . nns an interminable contest for supramacy fs - . J peace and beat interests of all, fo& z.- people feel that injustics e J n done them, ~c., nothing remains for tl.u bts the maintenance of their rights at all riskss."' We know what "all risks" mean here quite well. All ris k," paraphrased, " open a vista in futurity," as the Maripofa editor would construe the phrase, of six-shooters and rifles wielded by reckless miners and Western Hoosiers, all good shot, and unscrupulous in the use of their weapons m defence of their legal, equitable, or fancied rights. The more direct conflict is with the Merced Mlining Company of California for the mines formerly leased of it by the Nouveau Monde Company of London. The former has puiblished in the San Francisco newspapers and in handbills the following notice:- " To THn PunLc. "Through the medium of the press here and In the East, rumours have been circulated to the effect that the controversies heretofore pending between John C. Fremont and a large portion of the people of Hraposa county, iavolving the right of the people to work the mines, have been settled by the courts in favour of Fremont; the undersigned deems it lIs duty to the public, here and elsewhere, to declare the said statements to be false. "The company represented by the undersigned In the year 1851 (being four years anterior to any claim of title by Fremont), and under express sanction of State legislatioi, took peaceable possession of the veins known as the Josephine and Pine Tree, and have since continued to work the same, and, to make the property available, have expended upon the same and other contiguous mines near $1,000,000. " MeanwhUle the Supreme Court of California have rapeatedly determined that the precious minerals, whether in public or private lands, were the property of the State, and that the occupation and working of the same Is subjeW, alone to State legislation, as a necessary corollary of State ownership. " The Merced Mining Company are in possession of the mineral veins referred to under a license from the State which the Supreme Court has solemnly adjudged to be the true owner. So long as this license continues, which the State is bound in equity never to revoke, the rights of those holding mineral veins in Maziposa are good against Fremont and all the world; and It is the fixed determination of this company to maintain its possessons and to avail itself of the license of the State by working the veins in fature on a larger scale than heretofore. "The undersigned having also been informed that said Fremont, by a trespass upon said veins, has obtained possession of several tons of qurrtz rock for shipment abroad, representing the same to be his property, hereby notifies to all whom It may concern that the rook aforesaid was quarried from the veins owned and possessed by the com. pany. " GEORGE N. SH1AW, President of the Merced Mining Company." The speclal grievances of the Merced Company, although they are not set forth in their card, are that their mines are not within Fremont's boundary; that they are attempted to be brought within it by a trick of a bribed surveyor; that they were allowed to possess their mines in peace while they were being developed by themselves and their lessees at great cost, Fremont looking on without expressing any demur to their possession while they were improving the mines, and while the property was yielding no profit; but that now, when they are beginning to yield a return and promise to be very rich, they have excited his cupidity, or rather, perhaps, that of his co-owners and creditors; and the object of the notice is to warn the whole world, and the public of Europe chiefly, that if they purchase this " debateable land" possession will be resisted, and purchasers will!act with full notice of what they may expect if thev attempt " to cast their lines in the pleasant places" of Maxiposa. Thus manifesto has been prompted by the report that a purchase or a loan is about to be made either in England or France, or both. Surely not in England, for John Bull cannot have forgotten the fate of the gold companies got up in 1851-52 to work mines in " the mineral region" of this same Mlariposa. This is an investment which might find favour in France at present. Tt would just suit the Crddit Mobilier, which, it is said, is to advance a large amount to construct a canal in the district. This would have some merit, for it would circulate money in San Francisco, if it did not circulate water in Mariposa. H:er Majesty's ship Havannab, 19, Captain J. Harvey, haa been here for a fortnight, and left today for the coast of Mexico, intending to touch at Magdalena Bay, in Lower California, and to cal in at San Blas, Mazatlan, and Guaymas. OQicers and crew all well. Ocr. 11. The, mail, steamer Golden Gate, which left this. place on Monday laat, the 5th mnat., broke her centre shaft, which disabled her starboard engine and wheel, so that she put back and made San Franciacq yWeterday afternoon. Her passengers and treasure are being transshipped to the Golden Age, whIlch-aves thbs evening for Panama. The accidenfooourrea on the night of the 6th, when 350 miletioouth of San Franisco, and the vessel worked her way back with one en;ine and one wheel. No ctasualties occurred to air of the passengers, who numbered 658 personz. The treasure amoanted to $1,953,390, to which a small addition has been made to-day. Nothing of importance has occurred here during -the-week, except the official declaration just pub. lished by the Governor, that the returns of the late elections show the vote to pay the State debt was triumphant. Somae of the newspapers express an opinion that this debt will still, notwith8tanding the ratiticatior of the people, become the subject of litigation; and I confess I concur in this opinion.
-THE RIGHT FON. SIDNBEY BBRBERT ON INDI A. The-Right Ron. Sidney Herbert attended the annual meeting of the Wilt4hire Agricultural Society at War. * nner on Wednesday evening, and in responding to the toad of "t the county members," proposed by the chair. man, Lord Harry Thyne, said be could not help saying a few words about India. There had been croaking expres. sions iu some of the newspapers that we were about to lose our Indian empire. It had been said that if something happened-if the Madra and Bombay armies proved traitorous (and some of thEm, in spirit at least, had done lso), and if the native prInces turned against us, we should lose India. But, from the first to the last, he had said, comc what might, trn against us who would, he would never despair of British rule over that country. Bat a rebellion having broken ont, whatever its cause, it must he 'crshed-the Imperial power of England must be vindicated at any cost whatever. He was proud not only of the army and of the civilians in India who had shown such tact and daring in dealing with disciplined hordes of mutineers, but he was proud also of the calmne*s and vigour which had been displayed by Lord Canning, complaints against whom had only arisen among a certain section at Calcutta, because he would not plun,oe headlong into measures which they zecommended. They hbd seen statements of MIr. Grant having liberated some of those who took part In the atrocities of Cawnpore, and who had been giv6U into his custody by General HeiU4 but he did not believe a word of those statements, opposed as they were to the dictates of human reason. General Neil and Mr. Grant were both in possesdon of Lord Canning's proclamation, which said that to every mutineer and every deserter the punishment wras death, and that if civilians got mutineers into their hands they wero at once to make them over to the militay. In the face of that proclamnation he asked whether it was probable that such a gallant man as General Neill would have made over any of the miscreants who came into his power, except for the purpose of execution? Why, the thing was absurd. The atmosphere of Calcutta was rife with falsities, and he had no doubt that many of these reports were owing to that neceesary and vigorous measure of Lord Canning-the sup- pression of the press for the time being. He would now saya word about General Havelocin (Cheers.) He had nothing to say except in admiration and in praise of the manner in which our troops performed their dutes at Delhi. It was a magnificent siege, aud -was marked throughout by the groateet intrepidity. Of *11 the sieges of India it was, perbaps, the most difflcat of accomplishment; bat he thought that the campaign of General Havelock had eclipsed everything. It should be recollected that neither Wilson nor Havelock had the e3lightest aEssstauce from England. Whether right orwrong he would not say, our men were sent in sailing ships, which had not arrived; for the fiLt vessels heard of. on the coast of Ceylon were sBtemers which started a month after the sailing vessels had been despatched. The only assdstance our Generals had was the prestige of troops arriving at Calcntta,which Lord Canning procured from the Cape, from China, and elsewhere. buit they were not in the field. As the march of troops in ndi-a was only about 12 miles a-day, it took a month so get theta up to Lucknow, and it was here thab they ra:' tl'e rectliAritf of Havelck's positlon. It should be re- ambored that General Havelockwas not in a portion of ter-:iDor7 - bere the nativo popUlation, long Under our rule and fe-limg its blessings, bad held themselves aloof from the c e ,but he was in Oude, which was anniexed only a few years ago, where the people were fighting, a, they thought, for a kind of nationality. There, too, every village was a fortress, and the inhabitants wero very silful in the use of firearms; and having their blood up, and fighting, as they considered, for a national cause, they were very awkward customers. A hostile population was at all tumes a great impediment to an army, in isolating their position and cutting off the supplies. What, then, must be their admiration of Havelock's nine days' campaign, during which bis force marched, not 12, but 16, 18, and 20 miles a-day, and as nearly as possible fought an action every two days ? It had been said that Havelock was no General, as he had never had the handling of large bodies of men, but to his (MGr. Herbert's) mind it was the smallness of his force which made the greatness of his exploits. He had shown, too, that he could handle large bodies of men, for he had disuosed of 50,000 under Nana Sahib. (Cheers.) There were some prognostications of evil befalling Outramn and Havelock's little band, but he confessed he did not share them, and for this reason-our men were so accus. tomed to succees that failure seemed Impossible, and when we had met the enemy in the open, however great the disparity in numbers, they had shown such a degree of cowardice as almost to make one feel that they were incapable of suocess. The loss in our ranks was still tremendous, for climate and disease proved more frightful enemies than man, and the gaps thus occasioned mnst be fillea up. A great many plans had been proposed for strengthening the army, and he believed there was a very popular feemg at one moment that all the drapers' shopmen should immediately be sent out to India. (laughter.) Now, he confessed that he had never entertained any great confidence in that class of men for soldiers. Ele dld not mean to say that if placed opposite a battery they would not display the characteristic bravery of Englishmen; but what we wanted for soldiers were hardy men. We must not have men with white complexions, with the nerves of a duchess and the simper of a lady's-maid. (Laughter.) That was not the stuff of which our soldiers should be made. (Cheers.) Our army wasnow composed of the very beat class-of men who lived in the open air and were hardened by great exercise. His friend, thevicarofWarminster,appeared to be somewhataverse tobhaing their proceedings noticed in Tle Times, and on this point he would differ from him, because he sought the publication of his observations as an advertisement. He believed the English peasantry could not do better than enlist. They had all of them seen men who had returned from the militia, and he would ask whether they were not more respectful in their demeanour, and whether they did not evince more self-respect in their conduct than before they went out? ("Yes yes") Very welL But he wanted to see a larger enlistment into the regular army. He had before him a properly corrected return of the proportions of the different classes who enlisted into the army in England, Ireland, and Scotland, and ho said that England ought to be ashamed of itself. In each 1,000 men in the army there were 647 husbandmen, labourers, and servants of the best class, 294 mechanres, 51 shopmen and clerks, and 3 of professions, but what those professions were he could not say. But what were the proportions in England, Ireland, and Scotland? Oct of each 1,000 men England produced 462, Ireland 366, and Scotland 158. Now, according to the population of the three kingdoms that was an enormous disproportion in favour of Ireland and Scotland. It was said that men who enlisted got only a shiling a-day, but he should be able to prove that this was not true. When the Government originally offered a bounty of 51. nearly the whole of it was got back for the man's kit ; bat that plan had very properly been abolished, and instead of the Government cheating the people to enlist the people now cheated the Government, for their pay was caUed a shillnga-day,when, iu realty, it was much nearer two. In addition to the shilling the soldier was allowed a penny for beer money, which made his wages 7s. 7d a-weel. But it was said 4bd. was deducted from this for his bread and meat. Of course there was. Everybody had to submit to suoh a deduction from his income; the man of 10,0001. a-year must pay his butcher's bill, and the labourer with Os. a-week must do the same. But look at the advantage conferred upon the soldier. For this 41d. he got a pound of bread andthree.quarters of a pound of meat. and this the Government did not obtain for less than 6ld. The soldier, therefore got an advantage of Is. 2d. a- week. Then, again, his cooking was done, and he had extra bread, coffee, sugar, and vegetables at cost price. Compare that with the labourer, who had to pat a large profit to the shopkeeper. This advantage could not be set down at less than 7d. a-week. Then he got a coat, a pair of trousers, and a pair of boots every year, a shako every two, and a areatcoat every three years. He put this at ls. a-week, or 62s. a-year. Then he had lodging, bedding, fuel, light, and the use of .a library, which ho thought would be said to be cheap at 2d. a-day. His medical attendance, too, at the lowest contract price would be 2Ad. per week, and there was a prosDective pension of 10d. a-day after 21 years' service, - and which, according to the Northampton tables, could not be purchased at less than 2d. a-week. All this gave a total of 13s. 56d., but it did not include contingent advantages, such as good conduct pay, extra rations in hot climates, and rations to soldiers' wives. But above all there was the chance of promotion to non-commnissioned and commissioned ranks, and such cases were not so rare as might be imagined; the average of the last 12 years, exclusive of the Land Transport Corps, had amounted to 36. He thought therefore it should be more generally known that we underrated the wages of the soldier; that every opportunity was afforded for his mental improvement; and that with our short ssrvitude of 10 years a young man of 18 could not do better than serve until he was 28, for he (Mir. Herbert) felt assured that he would return home niore oapable of smpporting himself and be a more useful member of society than before he went out. (Cheers.)
F&TAL ACC1DENT.-TWO young girls at Interlacben, on the 8th of this month, accompanied their brothers and their music-master on an exsciusion to the sumrait of the steep hill of Harden. When they had to descend, finding the turf so slippery that they could not keep their feet, it was proposed that the girls should sit upon a kind of extemnpore sledge, contrived with some fir branches, and be drawn along by their companions. Unfortunately, they had gone but a few yards before they Sipped off, and clped In each other's arms, rolled dow/n the precipice. When their horrified friends go+ down after them the eldet girl wras dead, and her sister, who was hut 16 years of age, died a few minutes after. EBBA~rM.-~Bya miaprint in our notice yesterday of the Stistal Society t~he namofDr. Grey waa given for that of Dr. Guy,.aeo r Ge a ie
SZR 1OBEBT PEEL OX THINGS 11 GENRnEAz (From the Maankwter Guardian.) I On Taesday evening a dinner was given at the TownuhallU Tamworth, to the ex-mayor, which was attended by SirBtobert Peel and Lord Raynham, the members for the borough. In the counrse of the evening the health of the I representatives was given, and the former resoonded in a I characteristic speech. I Sir onnr PREEL, after expreasing his acknowledgments and making a few local references, said, as to the Ind-i I mutiny, that, as a member of Parliament, he had followed from the beginning this most serious and discreditable con. .et-discreditable not in the way in which England had resisted her enemies, bat in tho way in which that contest had -been broughtabout by those who had the goverrmenSof India in this country. (Hear.) They were aware that on tho 10th of May lat Delhi was first seized by the mutinousSepoys, and that on the 10th of June ourtroopsadvanced to besiege that town. It was at the end of June we reooeived the information, and wbat did Mr. Smith of the Board of Control say? EHe got uP in the House of Commons and said, "We have1receTved a reportof a mutiny inIndiabut itis nothing; it is one of those periodical 6meutc whkl: occasionally excite the natives of India." Now,, this ao. caUed 6meute that had taken place had shaken our Indian empire from one end to the other, and-would they believe it?-In three months it cost the lives of more offioera than perished during a similar period in the hardest months of the Crimean war. (Hear, hear.) No leos than 270 officers had either been mnassacred, or had died, or had falen in the field-270 in three months. That wa certainly a greater proportionate loss than during the severest trials la the Criimea. This blow came upon us unexpectedly. Nobody inlondon had theleast idea of what we had to contend against; but he would give the Government credit for the energy and determination with which they proceeded toput a stop to the mutiny. Three- days-and this was the great merit of Lord Palmerston, for, aged as he was, he wvas seased of a vigorons maind, ai ind capable of appreciating events, and expressing itself vigorourly in actlon-three days after the news of the mutiny reached England.-on tho 1st of July-troops were despatched to India. Before the end of the month 15,00 British bayonets bad 1ef and before the 15th of September 40,000 had left our shores to revenge the band of our murdered countrymen. The sending of that 40,000 men was a stupendous undertaking, and they might depend upon it that never in the history of the world could any conntry send 40,000 men and maintain them 10,000 miles away from her shores. This mutiny has raised, not diminished, the prestigC of the English arms, and that to an enormous extent. (Hear, hear,) Boddes this great force, a number of regiments which had served in the Orzimea, and also regirnents from Ceylon, the Cape, and China proceeded to assist the Government in India But here was the blame to the Government. They sent those trdopE8by way of the Cape-and surely every ene knew who had-common sense that the best route to ta.ke wreuld have betn across Egypt. Theyhadthe means, and yet they did not adopt it. On the 25th of Septemaber an order went out to the Deputy-Governor of Malta to eend two battalions of the 37th Regiment acroas Egypt. These men, numbering 460, actually from the time they disembarked at Alexandrls until the time that they arrived at Suez only occupied 24 hours. From Suez to Calcutta they took 26 days-that was, from Malta to Calcutta theyoccupied about five weeks, or 'even weeks altogether from England to Calcutta. When they comparedl this time with the time It took to go round the Cape-for Sir Charles Wood told them that to go to India round by the Cape occupied 130 days by sailing vessets, and from 75 to 85 days by steamers-nobody could faU to see that itwould have been far better to havo ad ted this course than to have sent them vid the Cape. (aear, hekr.) It was there the Government were to blame. After exCaessing in strong terms his " antipathy" to Lord Lyons, and urging that instead of his fleet sailing about the Medlterrranean they should have carried out our troops to India, Sir Robert referred to various tpeeches of members during the present Parliamentary recess. Adverting to the dinner which took place the other day at the Mansion. house, given to the Duke of Cambridge, he sald,-The Due is a popular man, derived great distinction in the Crimea, and we know very woll is Commander-in Chief. Well, the city of London presented him with a sword, upon the hilt of which was embossed a field-marshal's baton. Now, that was a strange proceeding. It would havo been far better for the city of London not to have adopted the emblem of a field-marshal until his Royal Highness had earned it. (Rear, bear.) The duke made a sensible speeeh. Lord Granvijle was there too, but his Lordship didn't make the slightest allusion to the Duke of Cambridgo or to the late Crimean war; he made alusien to nothing except to Lord Canning, the Governor-General of India. His whole speech was a defence of Lord Canuing. Now, just observe, nobody had attacked Lord Canning. Somebody had referred to him in the public press, but Lord Granvilie said he was the greatest man who ever ived-a man of great sagacity. HIe (Sir Robert) was informed that these observations feU as flat as ditchwater upon the assembly. (" Hear," and laughter.) Lord Canning had done nothing yet. He might be a great man-he had been Postmaster-General (laughter); but he had not shown that ability for civil government that he might have shown. (Hear, hear.) Then came Lord Palmerston, who was In ca,pital humour, and made a very agreeable speech. After alluding to the war in India, he said that Lord Canning had been abused, but that he was a great mau. It was one of Lord Palmerston's characteristics to stand by those he appointed, and they would stand by him. Lord Palmerston was right, perhaps, to sa so- but the time had not come when they were to praLse lord Canning. Why had not Havelock (cheers), Neill, and Nicholson been praised? Look what the British troops had done. Had Lord Canning anything to do with the capture ef Cawnpore, the storming ol Delhi, or the relief of Lucknow ? (Hear, hear.) no he had had nothing whatever to do with these explolts. Lord Palmerston then went on ta allude to pubUo affairs, and he made use of a very curious observation. Perhaps it was in joke, for it was a difficult matter to distinguish when he was joldng, and when in esrnest. HIe said, turning round to the assembly, among whom there happened to be one or two Ministers-the corps diplomatique were absent. But first (said Sir Robert) be must teU them that Lord Palmerston was an important man; and it was a remarkable thing that no foreign Minister of any consequence attended the dinner. Though the Austrian and Kussian Ministers were in London, there were only present at the banquet the sable representative of the republic of Hlayti and the Siamese twins. (Laughter.) And Palmerston, turning round to them, said, " Don't consider, gentlemen, that the 40,000 men we have sent to India is a proof that England is weak. Let anybody," said he, shaking his finger at the corps diplomatique, " let anybody come and attack England, and he will see that he wUll have a dangerousgame to play, and that she is the same as before." Now, this was a most injudicious observation of Lord P?almerston'g; for our prestice restod not upon the men we may send out, but upon the spirit and the patriotism of the people. (Cheers.) Having said so much it was necessary for him (Sir Robert to consider for a few moments the horrible consequences ofrthe mutiny. It was one of the most extraordinary revolts which hadaever ocourred, Attempts had been made to throw theblame on the GovernorsGeneral, and one man actually had the audacity to affirm that the disturbances were owing to the government of the Marquis of Dalhonsle, and to propose that his pension of 5,0)01. a-year shouldhbe revoked. (Hear, bear.) Was anything more monstrous than for a man to get up and say this of a man who had perilled bis life and broken his health by so long a residence in India as Lord Dalhonsio (cheers)-a maa iwho, he made Do hesitation in saying, was as great a Governor-General as ever governed our Indian territory. His name was to be held in as high estimation as that of Clive or Bentiack; or. stiU greater than either, as Hastings. (Cheers.) Lord Dalhonsie was a man who showed that he was possessed of le gant de soin et la main de fe-. (Hear.) He (Sir Robert) believedathat the outbreaks in India were to be ascribed to the mismanagement of the East India Company. It was clear that sweeping reforms would have to be introduced. That was one of the questions they must deal with. It was not necessay to do away with the East India Company; but they must establish a Legislative ConciU at Calcatta, and give it local power-not letting it write back to England continually for instractionsL Look at the organization of the Sepoy army. It consists of 400,000 men, and Sir Charles Napier, that great man, said there were as manr as 400,000 men in the pay of native princes. They were told that the expense of introducing foreign legions into India was very large, that one European soldier cost as much as three epoys, and that it took 461. to send each individual soldier to India. But when they saw, as at Benares, 200 British soldiers annihilate three regiments of Sepoys, they had a proof that one of them was equal to 60 Sepoys. What was the expense of 40,000 men, when these men would be equal to the whole of thepresent Sepoy army as at present constituted? (Rear. hear.) TheroeWasanotfeer point of importance on which he wished to remark-namely, the public works, which the East India Company had neglected. The great rmeans of instilling power into another country was by encouraging and favourng tho sowial progress of the people, and Government wonld d1o well to consider this. Whatb had the East India Company done in this matter ? In the presidency of Calcutta they actually had only 150 miles of railway constructed, only 65 in Madras, and w8 in Bombay. The East india Company had neglected to aid and promote by pu;^blic works the prosperity and weill-being of that country. (Rear. ) Look how they had administered their finances. The receipts of India through 1855 to 1856 were u28000,0001., and theexpenseof collecting that sum cost the comapany about 6.000,0001., which left a balance of 22,000,0001. w withthin s enormous revenuethe defcitforthepsriod he had mentioned amounted to not less than 900,0001., and last year the deficit was 2,000,0001. Now, how could the Company continue to govern the empire when, with a revenue of 30,000,000., they were incapable of carryin. on the businessof that country? No less than 1,500,0001. was expended by them in paying different princes. Anenormous salary was paid to Nana Sahib's putative father, and 80,0001. to the King of Delhi. (ear, hiear.) All this was paid to men who undermined our powerin India. A sweeping reform was necessary,andnext session Lord Palmerston's Government must have care how they grappled with the subject. Sir Robert then referred to questions of domestic interest, alluding aspiay to the present monetary crisis and tho relaxation of the Bank Charter Act, which must engage the atteition of Parliament next session. Then there was the Reform Bil, which would be shelved for another year. -he 2imes told them there was only one man in England who wanted reform, and that was Iord John Russel,; but there were many more who wanted reform. He did not think, however, that the qnestion would come on this session. He thought Lord Palmerston, with his agree. able way of dealing with affairs, would sbelve it for another year. (Rear.) Ho did not think the country would agree with this. (Cheers.) Lord Palmereton, he was sure, would have great difficulties to contend against, but be was a man who had always proved himself equal to the emergency. Stil they must bear in mind that greater Uinisters than he bad fallen before trifles. In 1846, for instancoe, the ?dinistry that had inaugurated a magnificent measure of public relef fell before a patty measure-the Irish Arms Bill (Hear. hear.) It might he that Lord Palmerston would m~et Parliament strong in the confidence of the country in (ceers), that marched 146 n:lles in eight d3ays and gained uozr nictorlea in the time., He thought some distieguishing mark, like the motto, cprim,, in Indus," worn on th,e .1restof-the gU'it herost who fought with Clivat plss3 ihould bO conferred On the 78th, for the way they had uphekl the honour of the nation. Lord Parlmeratot would, indeed, -be abIe to point to these brave deed,, mand they would be tho Ineags of giving him the confidenOe Of the countryP Bab therewere sycophantic friends who thought that the voics of the county hwould not be raised I might be netedMr, however, for rdsimerston tolshobd him his indeon dent supporters, to embody those Who would I gi epvion-u expre ho to his plaodCY, an' he (Sir ob r one would be ready and willin gto stand true to the sypathies he hald longshown him, although he had suffered the mlifortune to, undergo a temprary eparAtion from the Government ad 'wthe anl hos heut had esteemed in POlitics-a man who, withallhisfauts,hadbeen equa to every situation, Ia which ho wAs placed-a man who, althought Placed on the Jighs pinnacle in the country to which asubject ooug aspire, had -Aot forgotton the greater duties he owed to theo Pu lic see sA tesmAn and pariot-who, while he ha ime ceesfully carried on the wars of the eountry in forelgnland,j knew well bow +o uphold and vindic-ate the liberties anci .#igts of his feilow-countrymen iu every part of the world. -SirEoberA cncluded amid great cheering.
TO THE BDITOR OP THE TLE& Sfi,-In your leading artise to-day You have ably dis. posed of tke supposed efficacy of an unlinlited isse of bank, note6 to afford any permanent relief to a monetarypremure. -You rzightly insist that under every circumstance the Co= vertibility of the banknote should be secured. The rasult of!continuously uUtavourable foreign exchanges can only be sountoracted by dear money and a deprweson i, the price cf eommodities, leading to inereased exportations and to. illhed importations. Nowr, as with all the vigilaeo of thb Bank directors Government have found it neeessary to relax the provisions of Peers Bill and to permit an extended Issue of banknotes, the inquiry arises, can this Bill b3 mainined In itgintegrity in &tim. of pressure? And if not, it Is'evident that the law should be altered. I would 3nggest the following modification :-Iet the po'wer to Isuo on Government securities be extended froni 14 to 20 million4 it being provided that when the isua exceeds the present limit of 14 mUlions the rate of discount to be eharged by the Bank be not less than 10 per oent. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. 7)ANTRT. PA1lT ,PA-1'rT.V 79, Old Bro&d-stret, Nov. 19.
!PB ZVCOTOH UNXYZRSITIES. TO TlE EDrITOI OF TEE TI&MES. Sir,-The Scoth Universities seem destinedto somewha hard measure. Neglected at home spoiled in many cases of their legalrevennes, and thrown upon the precarious suppor; of the middle and poorer classes, whose youth alone attend them they are doubly unfortunate In having incurred the evil judgment of an organ so deservedly powerflas The hese Universities,it i8 tra, have a hisory of whiithey aenot uhamed; men have gone forth from them who have atlained the highest distinctions tot only in literture and scmence, but in statesmanship and politics;- the present Pie minister of Englnd received nos the least important art of his education at one of them; and Lord John oXsel lately expressed it to bave been one of the chief ad. altages of his life that he had been astudentinEdiu. burgh; the mogt charac£eristic sKienoe of moderu times took ite rise from a Professor's Chair in Glasgow; and the grave has but reocuntly closed over the moat profound and learned metapihsi martof Europe in ovur day, the late occupant of Lo gic and Metaphysics in Edinburgh And yet it seems that theso institutions are onl ourgreat s3hools whoms natural and proper function it is to impart a smattering of general edacation. They have, according te your representation, no higher vocation, and can oly fall in attempting any higher aim. Such a view annot bat excite surprise da pam even among those who are most s ensible of the defects of the Scotch Universities, and who have not hesitated most frankly to expose them. The right conclusion of such a viewf is undoubtedly wvhat you hrae hinted, And what acme of your renders, with that strang instinct of anti-patriotism which sometines nimates Scotch men who have migrated to England, seem at once to have appreheanded-viz, that no encouragement should he given to the attempts that are now being made to elevate thee institutions. There are certain important consideratiors of an opposite character that occur to one who takes a natural interest in the subject, L If a general school instruction be the proper function of the Scotch Universities, their miserably imperfect organization for this purpose must at first sight strike every one. What is the use of chairs of metaphysics, of moral philosophy, of Greek and Latin philology, and of the higher mathemhtics for lads who are merely hastenizg to join the ranks of buudness? *What the use of keeping up an appar. tus of classical, philosophical, and scientific study that never can lead to anything? The sooner, according to your view, that these institutions are divested of the pretences of a higher education the better. 2. But, what is more to the point, what in such a case is to become of the education of the Scotch clergy, of the Scotch bar, and oZ the Scotch profession of mnedicine. It must be clear beyond dispute that the intellectual and social standing of these several professions is intimately bound up with the Scotch Universities, and if the latter are dcgraded to the level of schools the former must suffer in a corresponding manner. This is especially true of the clerical profession. For it is Imposible la the nature of the case, both from the circumstances of the students, on the one hand, and the character of the institutions on the other, that students for the Scotch Church can ever find their way to the English universities. It is needless to talk of such a result. It is hopeless in every point of view. The only result that would ensue from the further degradation of the Scotch Universities-a result which to some extent has already taken place-would be the rise of sectarian professionalinstitutions, where a still more imperfect training aid a still narrower and commonplace theology would be iniculcated. The Scotch Universities, therefore, are not and can never become merely large schools with."t the most ruinous results to the country. Their history, their work, their whole system and constitution, are at once a protest against this final degradation-true as beyond doubt it Is that in some of the classes work that more really belongs to schools has devolved upon the professors. This and other evils that have grown up in these institutions through the force of circumstances, and when the national mind was lesa alive than It is now to the necessity of a higher education, it is the eai nest aim of certain men in Scotland to remedy. The mcans they propose for this purpose are at least deserving of fair criticifsm. It is surely not an unreasonable ambition to desire to elevate old scholastic institutions with which the intellectual and religious life of the country has been In the past and must continue in the future to be so closely connected. And when Oxford and Cambridge have secured the reforms which they desired, Edinburgh and Glasgow, and St. Andrew's and Aberdeen, mayat least be heard with patience when they seek for certain reforms, the prospect of which was held out to them 30 years ago, but is still deferred. These reforms-for example, a uniform standard of entrance asd graduate examination, provision for tatorships and scholar ,hips, &c.-are, in the main, such as would br ing tbe whole work of the Universities more immediately under the publio eye, and would quicken the zeal both of teachers and students by raising the standard of education and holding out the inducements of substantial rewards to the scholar. Such reforms would be public benefits in the highest sense, in which not any one class but the whole people of Scotland are most deeply interested. It does not seem too much to hope for the generous sympathy and support of scholars and public n:en in England towards a, movement so useful and enlightened, so practical and patriotic. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant- A PROFS$OR Nov. 17.
I TO THEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. l ~ ~ ~ -----lm Sir,-Tbe monthl Army Li-t, put forth "3by authoriy from the War-office, professes to give a list of the officers of the East India Company's Service, but from some weighty reason or other, qute unintelligible to the uninitiated, the list is most defective. The list of General officers is corre, tly giren ; so is the list of colonels of the date June 20, 1851; tEen we have the names of two officers who were al pointed aides.da-camp to Her Majesty ia the present yef r; and then follows an eqpally defective list of lieutenant-colonels, for every offl^er who has been promoted to either of these ranks since the above mentioned date is forthwith removed from the ArnLy lie.. It Is scarclay credible that an " authentic" list of the InOlAn Army is published monthly in which the name of Sir A;chda&U Wilson (as he now is) does not occar, yet such is th fact. In confirmation of this statement, I have only to ask youw readers to compare the monthly -Amy Lbs& with the Ecst India Register. I enclose my card for your satisfaction, andam, Sir, Your obedient servant. ONE OF THE UNLNITIATE.
THn U-,E[LoyxD IN AME1iCA.-A very large meeting was held in the Park yesterday of persons whom tho pressure of the times has thrown out of employment. Several 3peeches were made, marked by a violent tone and a menacing purposo. A petition, prepared by a committee appointed at the meeting, was sent in to the Common-council, demanding emxployment upon the public works, and the adoption of Mayor Wood's plan for selling flour, coal, &c., at wholeeale prices. The Commoncouncil were warned, as " guardians of the peace and good order of society, ' that " they must find work for the people, if individual exertion proved not sufficient," andl that if one of their number " dies by starvation or expo sure to the elemerts " they will be held responsible for not " doing their duty after being warnedO" They also bad an interview with Mayor Wood, who cautioned them against any violation of the laws, and urged them not to disturb in any way the public peace. These movements, at this early season, are certainly indicative of serions and perilous experiences during the coming winter. The leaders in these demonstrations, as their names show, are foreigners, and thei action, besides alarming the whole community, Will be verY lkely to arouse the special hostilitY of the Native Ameleasi sentiment, which, however it may seem to have fallen off in its political strength, is stiU very earnest and very wideepread inthe public mind. It is to be hoped, for their own sake at well as for the general welfare of the community, that theso menacing demnonstrations will not go beyond public meetings and the adoption of violent resolations. iBut it is very evident that our city stands upon the brink of great dangers, and that a high degroo of wisdom, ieso. lution, and red for the pubillc welfare will be required, on the part or or municipal authorities, to preserve -s from scenes wbich will involve more of disastfer and diq trace thbs we care to contemplate.-N..e Yor]k ZlImu Nov.6
MONBY-fMRKBT and CITY TErTBLLIGENCE. Thursday Evenlng. In all mercantile quarters there has been a decided amendment to-day. 'Not a single failure has been reported, and some special causes of anxiety lately prevalent have been entirely removed. The stock-market opened with firmness at the prices oi laBt evening; and, although a slight reaction subnequently took place, a steady tone was again animfested at the close. Consols for money were first quoted 89i to 9, whence, owing to an impression that a further advance in the rate of discount might be contemplated at the Bank, where the Court did not break up until a late hour, a decline occurred to 89i to J. Finally, upon its becoming known that no alteration woutld be made, Iransactions were again entered into at189a to i for money, and 89- for the 7th of December. One or two of the principal dealers brought some stock upon the market during the morning, but the public generally showed a disposition to continue their investments. Loans on Government securities were in active demand at 10 per cent. Bank Stock left ofR at 212 to 214; Reduced, 881 to i; New Three per Cents., 88i to J; India Stock, 212 to 214; India Bonds, 45s. to 35s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, lGs. to 10s. discount. It is understood that an application, which has been made within the last few days, by a leading American house to the Bank of England for a large advance on securities furnished from the private re sources of the firm has been most satisfaotorily met, and that all the accommodation required will be fully granted. Foreign stocks have been In better demand, and in some cases a partial recovery has taken place. No materia1 alteration occurred in Turkish. Brazilian Five per Cents., 1829 and 1839, were negotiated at 972 and 98; Chilian Six per Cents., 101 and 100; Danish Five per Cents., 99 ; Peravian Four-and-a-Half per Ceints., for the account, 7Z5; Russian Five per Cents., 104j; Sardinian, 881 and i; Spanish, 40 ; ditto, New Deferred, for the account, 25i; Turkish Six per Cents., 87i ; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaanteed, 97, and i; I for the account, 97; and the Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 97i and 96i. The final quotation of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening was 67f. 6c. for both money and account, showing no alteration. The private letters from Paris describe a better feeling. Some of the American houses are beginning to get remittances, and the situation of the Bank of France is improving. At other continental cities there are likowise signs of an approaching tendency to a revival of confidence. At Hamburg the rate of discount has receded to 51- per cent. A further amount of 20,000l. Australian gold was told to the Bank to-day. It is also understood that 50,000 eovereigns have been returned from Ireland. The 526,0001. in gold by the Australasian will be delivered in London to-morrow. It is expected that a large portion, if not the whole, wil be sold to the Bank. It has been announced to-day by telegraph that the cable of the Mediterranean Extension Company has been laid between Cagliari and Malta-a distance of about 300 miles, with perfect success. Hence there will be an acceleration of a day or two in the news by the next Indian mail. The bar silver brought by the last West India packet has been sold at 6lid. per oz., showing no alteration in the rate. A meeting was held in Glasgow yesterday,wsth the Duke of Hamilton in the chair, which was attended by a body of landed proprietors whose united income exceeds 200,0001. a-year, as well as a crowd of " merchant princes " and others whose income exceeds 2,000,0001. What was its object?i A great bank which had been intruzted with a million and a-half of capital and six or seven millions of the property of the district had failed under the most censurable circumstances. Its di. rectors, either by their own act or by delegating uncontrolled power to an individual, had allowed not only this property, but also the unlimited liability of 1,300 shareholders, who relied upon their prudence and honour, to be perilled by long continued advances to a combination of speculators who, through an organized system of fictitious biUs, were destroying all possibility of honest trade The discovery induced the more cautious of its creditors to protect themselves by withdrawing their funds from such a concern; a run upon its deposits commenced; the other banks marked their opinion of its course by refusing aid except on condition that it should be wound up; and, although they subsequently made an advance without insisting on this stipulation, they decided ultimately to face the danger of such panic as might arise from its stoppage rather than carry it through. The toppage accordingly came, and with it the dreaded panic. The entire country was thrown into confusion, and the sequel has been recorded in the events of the past fortnight. On such an occasion, it will be said, well might the aristocracy, the gentry, and the traders of Scotland unite in an uncompromising expression of opinion ! Of course they would exclaim, " We have two duties to perform. We must endeavour to restore confidence in the other banking institutions, against which there is no charge of mismanagement; but, above all, for the sake of public morality, we must denounce the proceedingsinwhich all thismisery has originated, and proclaim to the world that those who encourage fraudulent speculators, not only to the ruin of the legitimate merchant, but so as to risk the means of existence cf hundreds of unsuspecting shareholders, have no countenance from any section of our community. We cannot be exempt from liability to such disasters. At Liverpool they have had the case of the Borough Bank, and in London the Royal British and the London and Eastern ; but we can at least place the culpable parties in their proper position, and thus diminish the chances of similar recklessness for the future." In jumping to this conclusion, however, the general public would be wholly in error. The meeting in question bad no such purpose. The offences of joint-stock companies, and especially joint-stock banks,-always excepting the unfortunate Royal British, some of whose duped directors, now about to be prosecuted, actuaUly struggled hard according to their judgment to save the property of asl cncrned,-have come tobe looked upon as entitled to universal forbearance. Dukes, landlords, merchants, and millowners are unanimous on this point. " One murdar makes a viUain-a thousand a hero." Bring down ruin on a sufficiently large scale, such Qas only a joint-stock bank can effect, and at once there is nothing but the tenderest consideration. Hear the words of the gentlemen who represent the aristocratic dignity, the severe morality, and the trading wealth of the sister kingdom. From the commencement .of the meeting to its close not a single sentence was uttered that breathed anything inconsistent with entire approval and admiration of the Western and City of Glasgow Banks, and espeally of the former as the grander of the two; aU that I. publiely aUleged against the latter being that it has not considered bill-drawing agencies at Cal." fornia and New York to be inconsistent with the functions for wrhich it was established. The Duke of Montrose is reported to have observed, " We must all lament that a panic without cause or reason should have arisen and should have brought about suspension of payment by two banks." The Western Bank, which caused the panic, in here reprented as its -victm. Next it was intimated by way of putting the suspended concerns on a gooa level, not only that the Bank of England could not have resisted similar circumstances, but that the conduct of that institution had in some mysterious way, not explained to the meeting, but arsented to with loud cheers, " not a little to do" with the catastrophe. Sir Edward Colebrooke, M.P., cordially agreeing with all that had gone before, pointed out, with the view of adding to its strength, that " the credit of the country stauda upon the confidence of man in man." He omitted to mention, however, whether the man on one side was to be the spurious bill discounter, and on the other the credulous depositor. Sir J. Maxwell, of Pollok, appealed to the most amiable of weaknesses. He knew nothing of the management of the two banks in question, "but he knew that one of the greatest trials a banker can have is to resist the entreaties of his own friends." "For my part," he remarked, " I think we should keep in mind not only ourselves, but those gentlemen who conduct the affairs of banks, who are frequently led from motives of kindness and philanthropy to try to rescue us from any difficulties." SirJohnPaul was a philanthropic banker, and we have seen what came of it. But the climax was reserved for Mr. Walter Buchanan, one of the members for the town, and who may therefore be regarded as Glasgow personified. Mr. Buchanan, as a man of business, saw, perhaps with a clearer eye than the noble speakers by whom he had been preceded, that the public would perhaps, after all, doubt whether the conduct of the Western Bank had been unexceptionable. He therefore met that point at once by informing them they had nothing to do with it. " I am not here," he said, " to ssy one word as to the question of management. Thatisa questionwhich we, the public, have nothing to do with; that is for the directors, the managers, and the shareholders of that establishment to settle." If a concern is intrusted with eight millions of money, and the power likewise to ruin 1,300 shareholders, including all sorts of aged and dependent persons, what business is that of the public? Let them mind their own affairs and leave the parties in these little matters to their own arrangements. Having disposed of that difficulty, M.. Buchanan went on. The two establishments he added, " had succumbed from mere accident"a statement which, if we are to dismiss all question about management, must of course be valid. And he persists, if it was not accident, it was " caprice." He also called the meeting back to the comparison they had already received with so much favour of the Western Bank with the Bank of England, and wound up by a declaration that such were the claims of theWestern Bank and the City of Glasgow Bank upon the grateful homage of the nation that rather than they should be allowed to be extinguished the State should come forward for their support. " Whether by fresh subscriptions from the propri. etary, whether by aid fromi Government, by whatever means it is to be done, it would be a grievous evil were these two establishments not again to be reinstated." The whole reads like a jest, but,although Sir Archibald Alison considered it " a proud thing for the country," looking at the similar tendencies lately exhibited in London, Liverpool, and wherever analogous exposures of joint-stock misdeeds have taken place, it must prove a melancholy one to all who value British credit.
THE CORy TRADE. The radThologtheweek haa continued In the same stste or de. PrOesson as n~ported fer sorne time past, the demand for all Articles Be0ing extremely limited and prices gradually dleclining from day to day, with considerable irregularity, according to the anxcley or other. wirge of Eellers tU efTect saleF. Tao Ar ivas at Liverpool from abroad ae again on aliberalgrsie of whLeat. IndJan corn), andL flour, but from Irelad the receipts are o0nly At ourmarke thismornig thee wasa fair attendance, ht thee ws n Isreaed ispsiton n te prt of buyers to operae Engis whatdelse fulyis.pe qurtr, ndAmerican 3d,to 46. per u Pi, ut ithut oadng o bgines. Nlour vas neglece thouh oferedat redctio of25. er csk.Oats and oatmeal Iol slolywitou an mteralaltraioninvaUe. Beans and Indian BIRIflINGII&M, Nov. 19. At Glecomer and Worreter markets, on the 1dtb.wbeat was In. to Se. Per q,uarter lower, with a short supply from the farmers, Barley do. oined a fusther is. per qna,ter. Oats, bean,, and peas all Is. per quarter cheaper. During the) present week the great fall in lafak-lane. added to the, mony po-ure h~ pt asto t trusstlne nwheat, and Prime of quarter. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~e At this day's market there was a. short supply of Eniglish wheat, which found buyers at about is. perquArter uuder the currency of this da.V :m'nght. Fine barley 3is.. econadasy qualities Is. per quarter lowerA.Oas beans, and peas all gave way in price Is. to 2s. per quarter. We hd a air up 'BRISTOL, Nov. i9. pycntneDb modefarmerysuppwheat aith maRliet t boatan which i tBeldt suowly ata eon ofmeis.tos er quarter.f WeO reduce Ata UuotatOfs lofuorig is. per quarter, hut valueig batte art noinaltl ding bprles, brothmialtly 3nd Perinig Qustr lotter parsing.s ofdualoes andtis prier bqvertelonwer.' Oas . per quart rchaer. Beana and Indian corn sl nrtf isour quoasteis 6. lowr.qatr GL3OCETN, Nov. 18. Whe continueI toi Itithv beenmodslieratey supplied withEslhwha,hihI tbken toansupplyathe, mmediatolersantsog thei trane, atearedutonb tof abobut anwvac f s,t per quarte,ioeg ha hre is lttle doing'r prtriets are nominhally eas. er qhuarAtstelowerelw ga. Barley hso ulsl,ans pries hverder gien wayd the.s quareoter heaus fanllndanfo 9 cor 6seli retailat Ata redulaion ofrIe. tohr ero qusr ery Suppliesppof oat are santy,d butquier squaitothed veyreluctiremnteof the abtrae;men againredu,whce ou,tbquotatd 06B. per quartpber. h ae ftiBdywer as Tbea manketsher thisu muistt have bewrten icheslierally spliedtowithe whearterwthano slaiw r3end.odr en imrI es weretenabled t Obtainan adance f is.to is per uarte at te earier markete, At o-dy'smaret her waaerysmalnpply, of7 qhearter, and farmer soobmittod veowy wheutaty ato the abakthementoffrd,y wu hec Ibuakofi wand otte gFrainrqumalso bed wrnitten,cheapter byes. tomI,per dOs.to Os,perquater lie. 2s.newred peag t Is. fie, quarte 40a.: peas. 40,.Bee, to tods. PE Ast lthirs averaiges markt oton traheaIn gr85 quaramotes at SO sta3d. peruarther ats, 648 quartgerso, atnde; beanls,owl3t7qarters,at t4.iold.;t elarlry t173uaters a is.pe d.;apear, O 3 qarer s, nom at AELYNN , Nov. iS. THeretod weeataodshowofwhat atupthe market her cdtio-day batthe buik o ItAasow infero quait axd ned conardition and th erbeq amples Br. cededtis. erloadb(ts. 14.mperquarer). Bre san rlcelyaskewdfo2r, todio. per qu.rper.qatrlwr en ndpa s e ure At thisaeiedfteti market t-a the trade In bW eirlyrldfa.Weastswne strwnetof redb.uction, ofd. to 4I'D,xqatrPro per quaund, tionwrmteh etpin fis e urer. Other grain nominal,ry LYRNOTI, Nov. 17'. Tohe to-day Inwheat wastinuesmallsupy,bu an dathe ondirti,onwinerll btd Ah cowdsale was texperined-markt.areutione offere raperquarter Baroley po rlentiu,.u Qtthe odemand wasveryslck,p aondpf raicesreeded- to is. perN quarter.. 18 At thiays market them atr bale upplynied iswt. WheapUt underwen,btthae ductindos tWa TOe. prck qud arter. Bauld ey pfecer ouarly lower. Other grate rtationbarly.e2y, GitTGOWTp, Nov. 17. TWehae tade uin hat contfinues mtedy,wutathdeprese. ae wn Noth sundpten ofatie beenreyporketd Oats areofferedanrather more freeBlydorIeblend from eto fbord ab l th desrithons of rainaew re- EDUNBLUn, Nov. 17. AT tdysmrehere was au Wnl liTbeer alsplorke meet oudonexirlptioneo graiwn,ht th deand w mar oer samlace3n sfall es cuDldobe effec ed ol uonolo.Wer terms PrcehWealLto 24s. to. cheper quarter; blarly, : oe Whtei P. woats 1085.Od. to 30s. Od. `beaos,i1to 25ia. Ae dtthe catl-arket to-2m day begl were i liitdreuet, 6 and pariley. decine Sd. per slo . Shea lobtltl inqurd o, n al1btth ba pens wer lower many preang uno Bef 7I. f Se.t pe tn:mto, 6.o7prl. pork Pd, t On.to2s6 OatsI;Qk 12a,Od L&oSGzOd. No.iS.anoo Wmedhv YatcotinusancRedo tneol whemagithr. t fteC l stnctonsIerabeourom abroad,b thderCye theyAto embframed831 qurartersmonswhat-inam tely, ev. quarters urinm Alea ndi,theore maide alngwih 194brres f ourfrm ew onsRk;c vfo r ange of eas,en 00 sos f lo.~frm hecotinentw. Te
BA LWAY AND MINING SHAREB. Thursday Evnlz. The railway-market-has been generally flat. The apprehension entertained that the present stagnalion of busineis would seriously affect the t4fflc rtturus has in some cases been realized, especially in London and liorthWestern, which closed about t per cent. lower; Great Northern receded fr:m tie belief that the competition with the NorthW estern will prove prejudicial to both companies. Lancashire and Yorkshire and South-Eastern also declined, and Caledonian were heavy, from the plentiful supply of floating atock in the market. Eastern Counties exceptionally show a slight improvement. Indian shares continue in demand, I but the late rise has mot been fully maintained; East Indian, however, left off about J per cent. higher. Canadian descriptions closed with increased weal;ness. French were generally better, Paris and Lyons advancing nearly 15s. ; Lombardo-Venetian were also quoted at an enhanced rate; on the other hand, a furtber reduction occurred in Datch Rhenisb. There was little inquiry for American securities, and the final prices show no alteration. Joint-stock banks were flat, except Oriental and IJnion of Australia, which closed 11. higher, aud Ottoman partially relapsed froslh yesterday's adIvance.Victoria Dock nominally declined aboat 2L In miscellaneous securities Electric Telegraph improved, and a reduction occurred in National DiEcount; Mediterranean Extension Telegraph were dealt in at 7i and 7.
TRADE REPORT. Thursday Evening. SoUGA.-There was less life in the sugar-market to-day, and the prices of yesterday were barely supported. There were brought forward at public sde 452 boxes yellow Havannah and 174 hogsheads Porto Rico, about half of which was disposed of-viz., low to middling Havannah, 37s. 6d. to 42s. - and 38s to 44s 6d. for low to good bright yellow Porto Rico. 268 hogsheads of West India have been sold privately. COFFEE.-Seventy.nine casks and o00 barrels and bags plantation sold at 5Ss. 6d. to 62s. 6d. for fine fine ordinary to low mlddling coloury. A lot of good coloury brought 65s. 6d., being about Is. per owt. decline; 183 bags native CeYlon (blacks) brought 6s. 6d. to Ss., extremely low rates. RICE AND SALTP=EmE.-Thero have been no transactions of any interest. TALLOW.-The market is quiet at 48s. Gd. on the spot, 483, for the year, 49s. for January to March, and 6Os for March.
STATB OF TBADB. BRADFORD, Nov. 20. The Bradford mar'ket was yesterday (Thursday) pretty well attended, but no improvement in business was p3rceptible. Merchants stilll refrain from maldng purchases, and spinners and manufr.oturers contract their prodaation as much as possible, Ipon the whole, however, a more hopefnl feeling prevails, and spirits are buoyed up with the belief that " thlngs wldl, come round."
COURT OF COMMAON COUNCII. SrrE OP Trm T.A.. -l-....,. Y-eaerday a Court was held for the despatch of publio husMInEe. Mr. T. i. Fny.-I wis^h to bring forward a matter which| is somehat peraonal, and which affects the character of the proceedir,gs of this Coart. It will be in the recollection of the Court that at our Ist sitting, when the Markets isIprovernent Cominttee brolght up their report recommendmn that we should go to Parliament and give notice of a Bill for appropriating the site of Smithfield for a dead me .t maiket, I expressed myself in rather strong terms, anl I gave it as my opinion that this Court had never sanctioneud by resolation the appropriation of any part of Smtthfield for a dead meat market. My friend on my left (Mlr. H. L. Taylor) stated over and over again that this Court had sanctioned the appropriation of the site of Smithfield for this purpose. I thought it my duty to call for the whole of the papers connected with this business, and I now find, to my utter amazement, that this CoRrt has never by any resolution at any one time sanctioned the appropriation of any part of Smithfield for a dead meat market. (Bear, hear.) Mr. R. L. TAYLOR.-Mr. Fry has not given roei notice of his intention to advert to what occurred at the last Court, and therefore I do not consider it seemly that he should pursue this course. I did not go the length he states, but this Court has never sanctioned any other site thin that of Smithfield for the dead meat market, and never 'will. Mr. T. H. FRY.-It -was not 'withia my recollection tl'at the Court had done so, bnt Mr. Taylor repeatedly stated that the Court had over and over again sanctioned that particular site. With child-like siaplhcity and innocence I received the statement as you well know, and immediately retirpd from the argument, but I now say injustiee to myself that I find itis not so. I thought it right that the Court should knowr that up to that moment you hAd not given your sanction to that particular site for the dead raeat market. (Hiear, bear.) Mr. H. L. TAYIOR.-NO one ever sa-'id so. Deputy BOWER called npon the Lord Mayor to put a stop to this discussion. Mr. Rowz rose to address the Court, when The LoRnD lsAYLop said, that as it was a matter of privilegs that had been brought forward by Mr. Fry, and as ex- lauations had taken place between that gentleman and 3£r. .aylor. the discussion ought not to be continued. (Iear, bear,) TFE LATE LORD MAYOR. Deputy AITOHISON, in eulogistio terms, proposed the following resolution:- I' "That the oordial thanklsof this Court be preaeited to the Right Ron. Thomas Qsestal Fincis for ths very efficient and excollent maannor lnwhich he has discharged the dutyox the high and impDr%ant ofces of Lord Slayer of this city (luring thae past year; " For his peat attdution to tbecomflore of the poor in asUoeiting their want; and vieftiug the Eeverai eatablishments for their reception; " For hitsdesire to advance civilization ia promotlng the coosmuusa. tiou with the Interior of Africa "ror his dignifed maInten2nce of the ancient hospitAlity At the "ror his kimdound bsuovolout assistance to the charitable iD9titU "FPor erlglnaStig the lcdian ReUctf Fnni for alleviatIng the neassities oftehe enfiberer by the murderous revolt ot the Sepoyse "Authdioer his Isp rilliety. usba°ttZ, and inteligence, while preiding The motion was seconded by Mr. REDHEAD, and, after being supported by Mr. ROWE, was carried unanimously, amid loud cheering. It was then moved, seconded, and carried, unanimously that the vote of thanks be ornamentaUy written on vellum, signed by the Town-clerk, emblazoned, framed, and presented to the late Lord Mayor, and that It be advortised in the papers. THE GOLD ROBBERY ON TEE SOUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY. The CiTy SOLIOCIOR reported that some Turkish bonds and other securities had been found upon a person who had been implicated ia this gold robbery. As it was considered, that the corporation had claims in respect to this property, notice had been given to Sir Richard Mayne not to part with the bonds. The matter was referred to the Law, Parliamentary, and City Courts Committee. PROJECTED LUNATIC ASYLUM. The Deputy Town clerk read the followIng document, 'Which had been sent to the Lord Mayor from the Court of Aldermen:- "Wednesday, Nor. 18. "OxN-BRAn PUitrosas COiianvr= OF ALusRMZei. "The Chairman stated that he hed caned the committee in conrequence of a letter from &Ir. Waddtnuton, by direction of Sir George Grey, relat've to providing a lunatio asylum for the olty. "'EI esolved,-Th%% the Right REon. the Lord htayorbe requested to l Mthe eans before the next Oanurtot Common CounciL and eortain to the Court tbat the commmniatloa was uot received untU after the recort of the Committtee of JustiOc upon the subject hadt been 11 KHREWETHERII. '"Pressing. 'Whitehall Noyr3 188?M7 B`lr,-Roe erring to your letter oftbh 2d andmy repi oftho5thinui.I I am dlrectel by Secreass gir George Grey to tranaMit t you herevwith a COpy of a letter wvhich has been addresse to him b . the on msisoouerA in Lunacr on the subject oSithe great delay which hes taken place in trvoidieg o nr the proper care ae n mainaenonce od th fPoer lunatics bslousld to the several parishen within the cit of ondon. and also a copr of his reoly. And lam to rede- t the exe-ea don of 8ir George Grey's reqluest ho be informed, as early as po3etble, o" Theaut o the consideration of the, report b rehihe isbeor the Ga,Cm Court of Common Council. t D I am, a8r, out obeins t fensante ' "H . WADDINOTONf."' Deputy shARRISOp said he thought lt should be referred to a comrittee to conider th what extent accommodaton for lunatis should be provided, and the natmue and condition of the asylum for this purpose. Ho moved- behat the oountlen.tlon of thereport be referrto athiona. Te ando inte iCominttee. and thao they be requested to incuile nh d mreort neth all dract bable epdtIon what willtbi tbe probgble estt of the aropored lunatic asylum, and out of whe t f wnds it is desrable the expense should b paid, nod he r those fnmmdu hould be rased." Mr. TANOrn' seconded the motion. Ad. e. L TtYLOR said he was afraid, if the motion were agreed to, the Court would b hastily admitting tha.t the expenses attendant on the erection of the asylum ought to be provided out of the funds of the corporation, The ouMht in the frst instance to lay down the principle how tho money should he raised. The citizens at large ought to be calledupon to contribute towards the espense of building an asylum for lnaticstwith whomtheywerechargeable. (Bear, hear.) He T moved as an amendment,- "That, having dly considered the commructicatlan ma3de to this Court by the vting jhost ahpontAed nuder the a6thand l7th of ectoria in respect to the erection of a lunatic asylum, this court ls of opinion that the duty of prbeiding tcr the pauper lunatics IY cast by the Act o PaiTllamEt nen theisiting lustoul and ta tey oua t to proceed to raise thefunds, taithe omanner o ointed out by the Act,bjs Mr. ANDErTON secondod the motion. Alderman COPEL.ND suatported the amendment. The Secretary of State had now threatened them with legal proceedings unless they at once built a lunatie asylum. Mr. ELLIOTT was of opinion that the matter should be referred to a comamittee of that Court, together with a co.nmittee of the Court of Aldermen. Mr. PERKINS said he was in favour of the amendment. MIr. BLA;KE said is. disagreed from the motion. and the amendment too. He thought the matter ought to be referred to a committee. bir. DE JeRSeY said he should support the amendment. Mr. AWRRAHA;T thought the Aldermen had acted very properly in bringing the matter before the Court. Aldermau and Sheriff LpdBlrCT was decidedly of opinion that the subjeot should be considered by a committee. Mhr. armnSdIn said that an asylum would cost at least 80,0001. IIe trusted that some other means wrould he takeRn by the Aldermen to provide for lunatics than buying land and building an expensive asylum upon it. Alderman Cufingw said the simple question was whether the funds for constructing the asylum should bo provided out of the resourtcs of the corporation or by menus of a rate. ewu as qtitoA sure that nothin,g short of building a lunatic asylum was now practicable. ( HEear, hear.) dr. Lr WLEY thought the Court ought not to afhirm the princple that a lunatic asylum was absolutely necessay If they were to have such an in8titution it ought to be built at the expense of the county, and not at the expense of the city's cash. Mr. WOOLTORTOX warned the Conrt not to bE terrified by Sir G. arey's threat to issue a rnmn daspus. Deputy DA said, be hoped Mr. Taylor's amendment would not be carried, but that the matter would go to a comnmittee. The amendmnet was negatived by a Iarge majority. Upon the original motion being put, Mr. Dp ty moved, as a further amendment, the addition of the following words to the motion:- hAnD reocti thoir apinien da to tbe expediency ot erecting an aeplom for the luatics of this city Or whetherIt wouldt be mere advantageous toproviso otherise hor hem, and nthe eventhath deemsng itIndspensable that an sylum shouldobe eret to consider anD repost the parobable cost and the source from which the necetvso funds shou ld be raisea. MIr. Ross seconded the amendment, 'which was put and lost by a majority of 2. Mr. H. L. TATYLOR moved and Mr. CONEELL seconided, by way of further amendmxent, theprevious question. Deputy ,DAKLNs submitted that this amendment could not be jput. The LORD MAYOIt said hc Wast oE opinion that it wasi quite regular. A discussion ensued, at the end of which the amendmnent was lost and the original motion was carrIed. PETITION FOR LEVE TO SIAREY. Deputy Hol.Tpresented a petition from Mr. EDdward Proudfoot, an Inmate of the London iAlmahonses, praying the permission of the Court, to contract matrimony. The petitioner appeared at the bar, and, in answer to Mr. Amderton said that his nge was 70, and that of his inten,ded S6. He was occasionally troubled with rheumatism, and wfas then unable to feed himself. Depn,';y HOLT, in moving that the prayer of the petitlon be complied with, said the petitioner's intended had proved that she had a locus stand4 (Laughter.) Slie would hereufter be entitled to a place in the almshouses when a vacancy occurred. Mfr. ABRRAAM, in supporting the prayer of the petition, said that when a nsan came to be 70 years of age he was necessarily obliged to have things done for him which he could not do for himself. (Laughter.) Mr. Ds JFESEY moved the following amendment, which, after some discussion, was carried:- h at the petitioner be Dermitted to mnarry, but that there Phaf be nO increaseo in the allowance to him, and that his widow,. in the event of her survivng bins, hball neot be entitled to participate in ay of the privileges of the liotitutioLn. TIE VACANT GROUND AT ST. PAUL'S. Deputv BOWER (the chairman of the Improvement Committee) u.ltd upon the table the foUowing report, which was read by Mr. W oodthorp, the Deputy Town lerk:- " We. rhose namesc are hereunto subscribad of yout improvement Comnmittee, to whom ont the 18th day of December last It, was referre j to carry Into execution our report relAtive to the vaoant ground at the jsoutheomt of St. Faul's churchyard), do certify that we have carefuli oonsdderod the questioa both in regard to the publio cvantage and atEo the duty devolving uPOn your committee In dealnvg with the fends at their disposal for the improvement ot the theeughfarys of the city. 1 Your committee bave cduly proceed under the referenne of the 23d of ApTil lat., relative to negotiating witlh the lsetropoltsn Board of Wcrks, wtlh a view Of asertaInIng what proportion efbth value ot the srouud proposed to be given up to the pulcthe Board would bae willinig to 0octribute. Your committee had aoonference with the Boar upn te sujec, ed th malerwasreferred to one of their tbe qnb;tiFn, wh'r-by tboy decline tOooDnlbatt any sma in Ad tmi,_letat m-tropAi &a lwIpr.vemaent. i a - ld ' Your oommlitee cannot but eaxress their deep rexst at the, ubs f-totrtble r su t ct th i aesollittonr, hat feel tbA% ba t'f5ehr r.ebls7 dabulin bi ptirmitte to pr ele teie bereddil 02eupAU'e, of the sits Ait ftixt *a xihold ht ebsep,wraad to gira the renisit Miloi tot the di." A ofthe groen i forsiwgnld , in 5sord vt I the plau sHot. Your coD mttsoi Waro in hVpe that an arinzemett mtht-h ire berkins Lfht I wiPtc aid, Warshltfl omptO of lkla0wA (tho Ovanra Out tho toieu,; s tdhe atst ,a of Old Change). whioh would bsvt Ta'erially ofthesrer tte VAlse of the graundtobadleoftenif.t bt fa ting in thu ti.,, begt izommead the gdopltooot th9surex-3 l,l othe1 Dapproi"tin" or thu g,tand O s the moat satsiaor M) i ofInetlag R Eihe er..U exrneted daere ot the VublIt woudO eeal 3iAeg the d tIn'4 tne corporaltin a; trustee, of the corpratloa altl h CIAwot Lasml, to the Junrmeatof thIs pron.iElurL. t The report wvas sigaedl by Messrs. Bower, Backnall, Holt, torkill, Arnold, Bengoegh, JFdasiston, Sewell, Aehbr, Lister, D cwson, Warton. Venables, Unwin, .Andtrton, Porkins, Lush, Harrison, Pead, andDakin. - This report was brought up a fortnIght since, but'the Court then soddenly adjoarned to the hall to vitnmsthe ceremony of the presentation of the freedom of the oity ta the Dako of Cambridge. On that occasion, Alderman RosE said he hopedt the Court would pdae before it adopted the report. St. Paurs Cathedral wtaetha finet building in the world in point of outline an e magalficence, and ho trsted that nothing would he allowed t- interfere with the fall developmsent of its architectusral bealuty. go truated not only that the plot of groundcixn questien wuld be left unoccupied, huLt that several additiorLal houses would hepulled down. In order to carrythis out he for one ilhould he moEt happy to suLbscribe to a6 fund, if n04cessary. (thear, hear.) Deputy Bow a:) }esterday, in moving that the Teport be agreed to, said. although the committee had occupied about one-third of the land, yet they had given up two.tbhirdg of that portion which impeded thg view, of st. Paurl' They hoped to get A0,OOO. ont of the 99,0001. which had been e-xpenxded in the purchaze of the ground. The cominittee now asked the Court to give them permission to let the land. Mr. DE TERszY strongly opposed the motion. He thought the corporation Iadl acted unwisely in leaving the grduznd to long uinoccupied. The value of landl at the present time 'was unexampled in the city. He moved as au amendmnast - " Thal the repor hob referre back and that the comwlttee do forth. ICU Proeeee to 'et the land for bailding puorposes." Mr. BoXE seconded the amendment. Mr. Dkvis entered his protest against covering the piece 17f03ound., moved the adjournment of the debate. Mr. ANDER?ON seconded the motion. The COourt divided, when there appered a 'aoIt oI one against the adjournment, direotly after which theCourt wan counted out.
IEEThrQG OF GLASGOW WESrTRN BANK DEPOSITOR& I On Wednesday, at noon, a meeting of the depositors in the Western Bank was held in the Trades.hall, GlIsgow, which was crowded to the door. There were * number of ladies present, and hundreds of persons were unable to obtain admission. Mr. JAjAB5 DUNLOP, of the Clyde Ironworks, took the chair, and, after a few introductory remarks, introduced Ihr. FLssriG, Manager pro tempore of the Western Bank, who made a statement with respect to the affairs of the bank to the foUowing effectb:-Thefailure of certain houses in Glasgow to whom excessive accommodation had been granted, the monetary crlsis in tmerica, and the great pressure in the money-market at homo had deranged the affairs of the bank so much as to oblige them to apply to the other banks for assistance. The publicity given to this by tho demand of the other banks fora general winding up had the effect of causing the withdrawal of deposits to such an extent that in three weeks 1,000,0001. was withdrawn, till at length there was no course left but to suspend payment, On the 6th of November an examination was made into the affairs of the bank, from whvich it appeared that while the liabilities amounted zo 7,671.611. its assets amounted to 9,398,1811., leavlng a surplus of 1,726,5431. of assets over liabilities. (Applause.) 4s a relimin ate the directors protoed taS the responsi- bityof the wealthy body of shareholders should be secured b,y closing the transfer oE shares till the annual meeting in June, 1860. (Applause.) The proposal now to be submitted by the directors was :-L That they should: be enabled to relieve the pressing nzecessities of the pserer classes by being authorized, as soon as business w as resumed, to pay a sum of 101. to account on all deposits not exceeding 50, and also to pay offthe whole of sach deposits as sOOLt as possible after the 1st of January, 1853. {To~s small deposits it was mentioned amount to 500,00.) 2 That when requirdby depositors, the interest on all doposits should be paid npto the 9th of November last.- 3. That the directors should have .a discretionary powrer, in cases of urgency, to allow operations on current deposit accounLts with parties engagedin business. 4 Thats subject to the exercise of the above provision, al deposits above 501 should remain in the bank for two years from January, 1858, bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent, and at the end of that period repayable at a month's notice. 5. That the directors should have power, in cases of urgency, to make such arrangements with individual depositors as to enable them to make their deposits available as a fund of credit elsewhere, either by granting promissory notes or otherwise. Mr. Fleming also stated that it was tho intention of the dirootors in future to confine the operations of tte bauk to thoso transactions generaUy hold as more legnimately the business of banks than those in which they had previously been to some extent engaged. (This intimation was received with loud cheers.) Sir J,McES Fzp.GusoN having taken the chair in the room of Mr. Dunlop, who vacated it at this stage, made some general observations as to the importance of supporting the baik, after which, Mr. DRIGISORN moved,- "Tbat tbia mre'.lng, having pertoc: confidesce in the stability of the Western B3nk, and Impresaed with the great hnmporance of supporting it tbrough It3 presawn diffnltle, agree to the proposal now =ade b,; ths directora, and recommend aU ab3san parties, h%ylng o'aims, forthwith to secede to it.p Mlr. TisisoM N,rPiEr seconded the motion, after which a little skirmishing took place between the manager and a few outspoken depositors, who did not seem to relish the indea of lying out of their money for the period contemplated. Eventually, after Mr. Fleming had with great temper and judgment explained away the various objections, the resolution was put to tho meeting, and carried amid great cheering, one gentleman only persisting in his protest. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings.
THIE INFLx OF GOLD UNTO THE UNTIED STATES. -Yesterday (the 4th of November) the telegraph annoncd a further arnval of a million in gold by the Canada from England, while at the very same moment the Star of the West came up the bay with a million and a half from Califoria. Altogether the receipts of the week will hardly fall short of tbree mWions from abroad, to say :nothinj of tbe receipts of specie from the interior by our banks. This will place 16 to 7 millions of specie in the bank coffers by Saturday; with a eteadily decreasing cirenlation, and deposit and discount lines. The question vwhich suggests itself on thoes facts is, Onght not the banks to avail thems lves of this state of things-of tho influx of specie, and of the undoubted rovival of confidence-to resume specie payments and enable the law to take it course naturrally? The first difficalty In the way of this arrangemE nt is the uncertainty which yet overhangs the news from England. We showed yesterday that six or seven days may je elapse before we hear from England of the effect uroduced by the suspension of specie payments by our binsks hire; until that period elapses all will bh to some extsnt enveloped in doubt. Though the Bank ofEngland may possibly sustain herself, and the private Anglo-American banking houses squeeze through the crisis somehow, we krow that some faUres must take place, and we cannot tell what derangement that may not cause in our exchanges. Under the circumstances, with the prospect of an unexbausted balance of undefined disaster before them, the banks probably think as they are at preseut in a state oi suspension and cannot be hurt by remaining in that state a littla while longer, they may as wel wait before takingany stop tiU the worst has been heard from abroad. Again, it is genorally stated that the resumption of our banks would be the death signal to a number of our counrtry banks, whose circulation would instantly be forced upon them for redemption. We hear also that Boston and Philadelphia are bitterly opposed to our resumption of specie payments, because they reason that such a step would make New York the focus of cash operations and the great reservoir of spede for the whole conutry to the obvious detrimnont of other rising places and to the gravo injury uf the Philadelphia and Boston banks, which have also suspended specie payments, and which cannot yet resume. Wa.tever basissthere may be for these conjectures one thingis certain-the recovery of the country must commence from the resumption of spocio payments by the New York banks. There can be no reliablorocovorytUIl that takes place. Stocks may rise and confidence may revive, but them will be nore spirts to bo foUowed by reaction corresponding in extent to the upward movement-until there is sane s,lid point somewhere round which commerce can c3mmence tho work of recovery and re-edification. So long as our banks refnse to pay specie for their obligations, they are virtually out of the community of the banking world; the Supreme Court may decide what it pleasesi but, iu reality, they have shut themselves out of the circle an which all foreign banks exist, and wo, whom they represent, caunot do business on a footing of equality with foreign nations. For instance, we can only do businies on s fooinug of equality with England, whose national bank pays secIle ly an elaborate process of equalization of values by which our bad banks are rendered equal to her good bank. T he sooner the old standard is restored the better. So far as this community is concerned we apprebend that no difficlty need be felt as standing in the way of a resumption. Though some faiures stiUl continue to occur, and many dry goods dealers and others only maintain themselves by obtaining extensions from their creditors. the panic which caused the bank suspension is at an end. and confidence between man and man is gaining ground. Among the persons whom the presont troubles have forced to suspend we hear of many-nearly a half-who are already making preparations to rasume business on a prudent and contracted scale. They delay their decision in order to follow the banks, if possible. It Is certain that no harn could flow from a resumption to the banks themselves, whge the gain to the community would be great and obvious.-Nelo Yorl Hf rald, Nov. 5. * [Advertisement.] - The " The Lady of Glynne," by the author of M-bargaret and her Brideswalds.," is now ready at aul the lbtraride,inSvol.s "Teossowho h rsder Mad,idrgaet ani Her3rldedmulids' vrill be psepased for the enjoymeUt thst Oawcit them in aumther wekbythe sne hand. Therewas nevera xsore orliginal tal thn 'TboLady of Glynne.' Tbestoryisneotoncicever, bat good, and we ame qnite eatlesed that these ebaraing stories hvO to be peruse and sdmired bye far wider circlo than they habe eoei yet traversed. o heroine c- Tte r.ada- of (4irnneM6 I an admirable study is aln a Irespets. Not a ro^der can fall to bo toucbed by the noble selfsmrifice vwbloh Is displayed In her career. A rare abllity Ib to be obtheived in the dlstIncsa.th which eharacters have beeris dars and their peenllarlMtstn a,.,ed, qvlng to fictIonthelhfe4ikse ir oftryuth_ We echo the ontrep tte wish tbta Dy more suoh tales sa I The Zidy of ,ynnem may bo in store for uL.-Lersey Gazette. Husst and BlackeO pubilsher", 13 Great Mw lboraueh-street. rAdveirtisemeont]- " S. D.--A city number of Notes ndDraughts for General &ecznzoldatlon, sowingebov so getup a 1se, ow to upenabealcaudhew to act tebabn'er. Dsaoinea by WattlsPhtllll" nilOtrateE wth. 150 Ol3grLvlngi. 1'slcet 6d it bg ready Doerember I London. WV Kent and tb. (late Boguel, Fleetstreee and PaSercoeter-reer. N-.B Every man of busineM should ordeg: his heckeelter to supply him with L 1. S. p,'
O'OU1RT for REUIFX of IINSOL'VENT DEBTORg.S -SENrtLr at the end.-Tbo fol'owing Persons, who on thetr ~~ttlous ftuea in the Court barle obtaled interim orers fisr =froragrclaw,wareuired to appear toCourta haerenafte meertioere. at t 'a Conrt,bIowd in Pouo-tet I t'-n,AV follows,to be exmined anddealt with acerditnz to theistatute: 0O.Weduesday, the 3d ofrDusmber, at Il O'clock predlsey, before ho!d CoaroscdionerP Law. JohLn Salter. formerly of 1". and3 then and now 0o.I, Eurriie-plxao, 1'lznaead, Kert. grocer And gmenera deals.. John Anion, Isarmerly of Uth Woodmn Pluraites4d,onrnon. Plum. #A.d, Kent, licensed oituallr,and now lodgngat Bleek-houtje,g'Im. ibfd0cmm055 afo eutd, ont of business. 3Wijah George Terme, formerly 0t19. Upper OlIftonshreet, Jlnabuy, Whoesle haee.sadle ad rns.makeer, and nSow of A2 Lower Vifc-tet Finsburs, wholesale chaise. saddler, and barnew makte *obacconlt anidnewavendar. part Of the time carryinag otn bttsiness at 13,Lower Clifton ktrett sforeWad, as a ladles, boot and ehoereller. and aiOfr a 8bort time razrying on business as a retai saddler, at Providence-row, Finsblny,7,ll In lHiddlesex. Alfed Oakley, fomr1rryof2l&AlbertsWetee, Newington-butits,13urrey, wt the tinse an am-es clerk in the inoo i-axlepartmnent,80omervesJ rou'se. Strand, and other part oft the time out of emnploy, and afterwards clerk in the inoome-tait departaiebi arosreald, then of 3o. DorWfngton-gluT0, Keunisgic hourey, then of 28. Newington-orescent, Nesplngton-butts, bogey, ten of 3. Erbenezer-place. Keningeon-lane. Keusalgtos aforesad, than ot 21, Poetamouth-place, Kerrnington.lant, and next and now of 10, Fenton lc,Walworth both in Suorey, clerk onth Inome-ax dpar lent bonret-hotae. 8trand, and while Of thte lstuno ed illacealsoulallodinghoute-keeer Williarn Davies, of S, Obeltenhacn.placs, We6armltetr-frud, Surre amMing on bu'lness at same place in lc-pairtnership with Richara 3D.vies under the strte of Davies ant Son, carpenters and builders And imedical and gencral shoo fitters. Charles Raymond Robert Laforet, known as Chazles R, IL, LAf0rtt~torerl oC28. John-street. Bedford-row, Haotborn, latter part of the time while residing thmr being a clerk in an inauranee omfce, khes of 53, Lincoln's4n-itmolds, thei of Upper North-place, Gray's-jnroed, then of Arsyle street, KIng's-ross, all to MiddleseX, CLerk, as sforeeald then of John-street, Bedford-row. out of employ, then for 2ibee weeks livlaf on hoard Her Mtajesty's transpor ship Earl of Aberdeen, en ronue for Constantinople staying there, and als travelling elsewhere to Trurkey clerk in the Ialsnaloo' Desasrment of the Comsanll Ireualar Cavalry then on bOard Her Majest)a' transDort hip Tphoon, on her voyuge firom Turkey to Englana, and then and xnow of7a, John-ttreet, Bedford-row, aforesaId, part of the time otit of espr-II and other part c-lerk to a wine merchant. One ame day, at 10 o'clock, befor Mr. Commisisaloner Musr. Robert Carter, formerly of 112, New-street, and 6, Batb-street, or then of Spiehball-street, eating-house keeper, then of Edgebustonstreet, all In Birminaghamn, Warwickabire, then of 7, ui-tre Horton, tallpj and late of 235, Cxford-street, both i iiubx Henm Stevens, of the MaseiU AiMs TAvern, Wloblodono Sanrey, licensed victualler and builder preaviouslty of the Admiral Man Inn, James,street, Harden-lane, Middesex, beer-shop-keeper and builder. George ParnelL of Horochurch, Essx. machie maker, smith, oarpoter, and wheelwright Henry James DelL~ of 57, at the same time rntloq a hous and ear, eying on business at 49, both in Charlotte-terrace N.ew.cn1t, Lambeth, Surrey, greengrocer potato salesman, and letting lodgingls, also rentAng a atble at Iattle Windmill-street, New-cut, Lsambeh,fue.M WMism pm oft o 6, QuOeen's-place, Ring-street, Haoliney,roed, commiauien agent fur the rate of connoeve matches, previously of I Glocesier-place, Goldamlth-aow Hackneay-roaid, onnftasr match and box maker, before then of 2, NeIon's.place, Holloway, all In Middlesex. rame trade, before then of $6, Beark-steet, X0en1nl1gton.Crom;, Bu,yay, comtmercial traveiler, and previously of 5, Crown-tew-rau Prince of Wales-road, Rentish-town, commercial traveller. George john moore, of 3, Reform-place, Traalgar-road, IKent, plumber, pointer, and glazier, and conirsotr for iewersge and general n=-Ann Collins. of 2, New-street, Kenningtons, Surrey, general sbopkteeper and laundrsm John Dornfugtor,unow and for three years latpc of 5, Cloeee-place, Binfdeld-road, Stockwell, Surrey, And durinrg the wholle of this time occasonally reniding at 3, Miflton Cottages Ash-grove, Cambridgeherath, Middlesex, and occasionally during tae same time of Bedfordstreet,e Maxine-parade, Brighton, Sussex, Yeomzan ot the Guzard or Quseen's Yeoman. John Donoghue, of 17, Wentworb-skeet Spitelelds, Milddlewex, beetshoap-keeper, and part of the time a sponge trimmer in the employ of Mr. Cohen ot ~6 Prossoltiastreet, Goodman'cle-lds, iidex Wililan (sbopn' of I Oharlee-etreet, Islinoton-green, onmniba driver, Perlesiosly ol 28, hl'onntrow, Liverp ool-road, Irilington, ceteemnonger and omnibas driver, tradin As sboUn an CO., formertly of?7, Je11x-ierrace,LlV,erDool-yoad aforeealrdall In Mlddlerex,omnalbuirdrlver. Franacis Henry Davis, the younger, of 18, Alfred-road, WeetboumnoPark, then of 57, Warren street, Fitzroyr-suare, both in Middlesex. then of 3, Unioon-street, Blckfras, Bonithwa,rk, Surrey, then of 22, Zrerahalt-street. Oakleyl-square, clerk, In the employment of the Gireat Westemn Railway Company, then of 18, Seething-lane, GreattTowerskeet, to the city of Lo-ndon, bookkeeper to a stationer, at same time carrying onL business at tlie same place as a wine merchLant, In partner. ship with Robert Moor Bourman, under the firml of Bouzman and DayvIs, then of12, Hepbhzlbah-terraco Dalaton, all i Middlesox, thenl of 5, Corria-place, Old Rent-read, then of 67, Windsor-terasce, Great D)over-street, then of 60 a, Tzinity-liquare, Borough all In Surrey, and niow ot 7, Mayfield Villas Dalaitou, Middlesex, bookeepir to a leather merchant. Jane CUeM, widow, of 22, Bermondsey-etreet, Southwark, Surrey, grooer and cheesemonees. Edward Wifllams, formerly of 7, East-street, Finshuymarket, and now of 3, Astley's-row, Lower-road, Isington, botnh.n Middlesex, dealing ina furniture and pirtures, and working As a journeyman mddler at both placs Jams Bnwel, ormrlyof 6, New-terrace, Stepney, Middlesex, peretul crat o St Phlips,Steoney, aforesald, next of same ~lae. nd lsohasluga temporary lodging a' Church-street, HeltoWn, eornailperuua curte.as aoresad, and abe officiating as mmluiterat he orfb curc ofHltnU,orea,id, next of 56, Huotlcgdon. stret,Caldolsoroa, silgioi,and of r, New-terrace Aforesaid, and extandnowof 3, horhil-ceecent, Caledonlan-road, and of 6, Newterace afresid,all in Middlesex. perpetual curate. as aforesaid andrivse tnor, is wife a schoolmlstreas. Waltr Gy Baks,of 16, Upper EAs,t Smithfeld, Middlesex, hoot aend shemkrOtlland ~or. BenjminCoien,formerly of 3, Churob-pseseg, Rasloghall.street, city, te of 17. Gun-street, Svltalfields, and of 6 Attillerps-tret, B33hopegate, bothL in Middlesex, head suids, list dealer, arid trimming neiler, and then and now of 28, Gun-street, Spitadelds, tslmmtog neiler and, isAt merchant. Franz Ges'eUng, of 4.Welliogton,terrsm leas-aawyWs IEndia Dock-roof, Middlesex, brood and shio blsourit baker. Williamu Fo, lodgn at er.ilns, baker, Go.Wtns,% rvosYo Ihe Bell public'honae. nettoa aforeesid, licensed vlrtcaRrervon,1grader and dealer in vegetables and formerly of the iRye Bells, Braybo=e licenised victualler attiYe samre time koeeping the Dog public-house, Highstreet, wing6am ,ou diictuallr, farmer, And deaer In oorn, co as, and woof, then of the Dog beer-house, Wingbam aforesaid, re taier of beer an'd tobacow, ti the tame time keeping the FIre Bells pl'ubi-house at Brayhourne aforresaid, iloensod victualer, then, of Bldgeway-house, Braybourne, allIn Surrey, out of business. Alfred George, of 23, Crezcent, Southwarkl-brldge-road, Surrey, hat manufacturer, known and trading as A. George and Os., hut having 50 prner Frn cis Alexander Poggo, formerlyf of George-steet, then of Melvile-terrace, South-sitreet, then of London-stnce I. then of 17, BurneyStreet, then of Rose Cottage. linyal-hill, and now .vf 4, Wellington-terTuce. all in Greenwich, Kent, solicitor. Ipre EPla shet gare frein gee mechat, odpluber pindter, and glazier EdifedJmes eadll,of 1,Jamastireet, Westbourne.terace, previsal1ott, ambIdg-trrae, dgwar-sod,at both places an Zucen n te 4h Sn~ iddese Miiti, ad frmelyof Willesden, On hurday 3ddayofDecember, at 11 Oo'lock, boloer Mr. Commis. sioner PhiliUsp. William ThomPson, formerly of 2 a. latrlot.row, Cambridge-heathroad Behualgren, iddlsex grcer,andnowof 1, 'York-place, Ren-steetroa, Srre, rocr, radn$ s Tomponand Co., but lre~as nt,~f Son-har, Ne Brnifrd,previously 01052 Northstret,Mala-hfi,boh i MIdleex,durngthe wihole time an suo- Rbrt Howell, of 25, Gravel-lane, Southwar-k, Surrey, d"olr In m1actoe stores, and for part of the time carrying on nusiness as a_pawnbroher, alsiolpa'tof the time residingfliretat 14, High-street, marylsb-one, and atterwards at 53, ret Ormond-stroct., Queen-square, both in HlatdIeeex, at which places his wife carried. on business as a mMiiner and dressmnaker. Willam arsurt fomery lving privately at Hill-place. Wendswcrt-rca,flureyai h samet fime trading as W.Harcurt,greengrocer andfruterr,at ulls ead-pasoese, Loadenball-market.Gracerohrchstret.an foasorttie during the same period also tradiysw Barrurt a1, flrifrd.eaADo Bealavolr-squirv, Kingcland, MiddlWesex thn ldgig a li, UperWhitecrose-street, St. Lukers, Middlesex,auteriteolng Ataslr the buisletaof 01 daiyryan there for Mr. Chlinsn Bal,adacy famer,of Bydeeplacjeso, Sh;redltrh, Midlesx, ls trdin asa reegroerand frulterer, at BnUlls HeadpasageafresId,an no logig a?,Magdalen-stroet Bormouser aforeet ury iigpiaeytee u tradfing at BoIgll'Ktad-pastage Samuel Wais, of 1V4, High-stretee, Shoreditch, Middlesex out of btosinees, prorlotssly of krouthbororgh.tezrar,8urbilon, near Riogstou, Sunorer,out ot business, before then(i of hapl arm, IMickleliam, Srurre ~ hno ro am oertuhire, farmer and grazder. WU TWyrd, o 6 , igh-deet. Shadweil, carmen previously ol 3. DInglield-street Cale-lonlan road,. out of buBineas, before then 01 the Brown Bear puablio-house, 2, Graf ton-3treet, Soho-eqluare, harman, before then of 1, Whlttington-place, Holloway, roffeehousekeeper arud formrerly of the Meucuhs of Granby poublic-housze, corner of Little karl street and Wert-etreet, Seven-dials, all In Milddlerex, licensed victualer. N.B.-L, Anyr creditor may attend and give evidence and produce writnessees. Oppoitifon can onlytra made by, the creditor in person or by counsel appearing for him. 2. The petition and schedale, and all book.i, Papes and writings filied, will be produced by the proper ofiloer for Inspcin and examinAtion until two clear days before the hearIng. 3. Creditors' asacignee maybe claer according to the statute. 4. Persons Indebted to the rwid Inlvenit debtors respectively, or having any of their effecto, are to pay and deliver the samne to the olfilal 4asignee, being the provisonal aerignee of the Court, at the sad 'Court, atd to no other persn, CIOURT forBELIEF of INSOLVENT DEBTORS. 7J-Pnal orders will be made in the matters of the followingpesn rotectioe n foprteo rom process, at the Court-house of=teri gltt,Lincoin's-tan, unless cause be shown toth contray, as foltowa: Ona Tuesday, the lsl of December, at 31 o'cbooic preclecly, before Chief Commissioner Low. James Redstone Flack formerly and niow 0t1133, 'Upper Whiterossstreet, St. Lukes. Mllddeeex, butcher and caroses butcher, from December. 1836, to July, 1817, In co partnership with George Wailer as carcase butchers, On Wednesday, the 3d of December, at 11 O'clock, before Chief Com- missioner Lov. Edward EEIggs, of116, at ssmetimerorattnR a warehouse at 37, Saltsburs-street, lBermondeey, Surrey, grocer and cheeseramoger, part of the time also following the occupationi of a waterman, On Thursday, the 3d Doetraber, At 11 o'clook, before Mr. Commissoner Phil'ips. BRobert WVryde Chambers, of 24, rInclues-etreet, Lambeth, Surrey, millwright and engineer. James Simpson, now In lodgings, at 7, Plark-cottages, PArk-road, Croch-nd ornoey, MIddlesex, In no business,previously of Haliax, Woays Scotias, British Noeth America, clerk to a railway coatractorr, previously of7, Park Cottages, aforesaid, out of buslnees, and formerly of 2, Victorla-buildircs Burnley, Lancashire, clerk tota contractor ono the Erst, Lancashire ilalway. James Stebbing, of, S. eymour-street, Eutonf-aqusre, Middllesex, furnIshibngironmon,ger, tinman locksmith and beilhanger, Alfred kbe TuckEr, formoerfy of Silcheter.road, next of Clarendonroad, then of Albert-terrace, then of Devonsie-mterrace, all in Ken. singtou-park, and now of Kenritgton-park terrace, Notting-hill, All In AUddlesex, out of burelessor emloy : his wife a aohoomimstress. William CoIlls, formcerly of Hg-street, ares, then of Rew-road, Richmond, brewer, and then and now of 5, HUgis-etreet, Newingtonbutts,.all In Surrey, brewery and house agent. Jesse Standing, formerly of 5, Ne4w-road, thenx of 21, Wellington. street, journeyman wheelwright, and now of 9, Benwer-street, anxd during the last 12 months carrying on busfinem at 26, Aztillery-plare, aed.at 9, Rchod-snet,alli Wolwic R nt,:safishmonger, hi wif drig hesam tmecaryng n hebuinssof adresmaker and LucyMarinso 6 a Cannbuy-lae, sligtonr, Middlesex, board (IORT or ELIF o INOLVNT DEBTORS-. - -X urthEr Hearm iBbt rang, whv ear.i tbe Court of Mr. Chief Commissioner Law, on the 12th day of June 1817. when an order for protection, &. wa refused, wl appear agah on Wedne:daX, the 2d day ot December 1857 and apply for otders of protecto and dtscharge, umder 7 and 8 Vic., c 96, ceo 28,29. All mealtore InaY oppose, tOtTRT for RELIEF of I1SOLVEXTDEBTORS. Further hearing, gce. 28.-Geirge Pales, Who was heard in thu Court of Hir. Ckmmal,tener Phillips on the 16th da of July, 1837 when no dar war namned for making theflnul order, wi appeargain on ThurEdaY, the 3d day of December, 1857. and applyI o orders of protecticn and discharge under 7 aud 8 Vic., . 96, sc. 28, 29. All creditora mao Otpose. 1STATE of DANIEL SPRATLEY.-Notbce is -hereby given, that by Indenture bearing date the 12th day of Norember, 1857, DANIEL 8PR&ATEY, of No. , Watworthi place, Watworth-road In the countY of Surrey, hat nanstactnrer ASSIGNED allbhis ERSNALM85 ATH and EPPEOTwhatEoever and wheresoever Unto BeDjamin Wilson, of Walbrook-hon, Walbrook, In the citY of London bat plush importer, uPOn trukt for the benefit of himselt and the rest of the creditors of the eald Daniel Scratley who ahouldexecte the sme withbi one colendar month from the date hereof: and that the id indenture of asignment was duly eetebytesaid Daniel Barratte on the day of the date thereof In the presence of, and atttekd by, e le t of Newstreet. Bsopsgate,in the olty o oadonsolidctor,and Oharlee uttber his -erk, an, by the sold Benarmin Wlson on the 16th day of November, 1817, sr the psesec of, and atttsted by, the said Wilaiam Heteler Norton -Dated tis 16th day ot November, 1837, w. J. NORTON, SON and ELA. New-srteet, Btehopte, SOhelctOrs to the Tru*tee. FtRUIT TREES, In gots for forcing or orchard Fhobus-es.-Mtc's J. snd . LaEE hbav the most varied auestment, and the inost extensivr STJCK of these uaul TRlBE ever offered to the public. Prtced catloges on applcttionm-Nosselr Hanrmersthl T)UTOH F4LOWER ROOTS, obeap.-The following l eot lOs, :-12 noixed hyacinths, 12 nartesurt 12 eerly tulIps, 12 Jon. uIE Y4 bepUtiul 'i, 12 Eplordid aremonu , 1GO Dutch crosu (ull co.our'). 12 qdlolu3, anWdzop3, 25 3rnuculu% 12 wintAr seonotes -Mht. DEN Y=B 81, Gracechurct-street. G ARDE. OREAMENTS.-AUSTIN and V SEELBY rqeetfully uemijD the nobility and gent2tthat they have an extensive orllecion cf FIGURIS of AIM nasited to flank the teps, cfr saden tezm', end sao of birds for more oler. tetd pi.n3s. Desing the aist year many beautiful ad expensive sbjecrs haebeen a-dedto thtirstck. particularly of baketsand tiowti baiLasc or the centze ot s-lre ge en, Sow-yard, eN. I to 4, KleppejZow, Mtd cn-wre ifourmorly the New-road), INDIAN M1UTINY RELIEF FUND.-It is requested Ibat remitinc and aU aommunloasien, to %be 0ora. wilttee masy be adremd ucefcstl to l edarWy, akt the eNof the Fund, 27, CAU,eOu.skest, dcty. By order oS the Cbundittee. 4i. B. EIIND ONl, leut.-Col_ Han. Sec. FUN~D for the RELIEF of the BtTFPZRBERS the INDIAIf MlUTlN'Y.-NO OOLLECOrOi wre authoges,d to VE anmy SlBSCRIPTIONS rbahler on b)bf o th " Nrund H. B. HENDERSON. Llaut.-Cl, aon Sac D&VID JOREJT, Serety. 17, Cannou-streel, Nov. . 185?. Ep'XN fo te ~RELIE~Fof the UFFRERS b~ythe FI IAN MUTU Y.-Allatoos from partie seking amistDnce from tihe Indmd Mutlyj d should be mnde elther by letter, addressed to one of the Honorsa-y Secretaries to tho Relief Comitee t27Gno tet. or by personal applicatidons betwee 1 ad o'l27ock, SGudy te,2 These a5pplctlon nvestigSeatiWon, WIl be submited to the Re' G. B. TRll:MENHERE, Mor-Gerl, I H 1 . T. PARRY WOOD0OQOR S sO. ' hEET of CENTRAL AMEwICXA,-The holders A-JofEIOTR,g, AERICAN BONS which have net been counteor,lgned by SMenor HoEblad a^, and which, therefcre. have not yet been admitted to ovsersioe are requnested to send particular ot the sale, scecblfin the aDounts and aumbers. to the Commnittee oe Spais A£DemDebrica DeBondholders, 11. AUsllnrlrc, rnotl ter than the AL-PItED) GODFrREY, Secetary to the Commaittee, london NoveMber 15, 1o57. ILLIN OIS STATE CANAL BONDS (Registered) --The holders of these Bonds are herebY Informed thae in cone quenoe of the repayment of a porttlo of the principel am t the Coupons attached will be reqeired to be stmped. without wihlieo paymenta wil be made In New York: they wll tberefore PR lEN their BONDS to lessrs. Mathewon and Co., s Lombard-street, betwee the hours of ll sud 2 o'clook when the Coupons will be stameda sordlngly.-Lndon. November 19. 1857. Q§WEDISH and NORWEGIAN CONSULATES.- )His Royal Majesty7 having been graciously p eased los decre that a SWDISR and NORWEGIA OCONSULATE shall be establishad at BOMBAY. having the Presidency of Bombay for itg distriet, Ap. PLICATIONS may be dimreted to the College of Commnere within rIx (6) months from tho date hereof, each month computed at iD da for the aid Oonsular appointment, the emoluments of which =oous In ollical fee and tornage dues, the latter chageable on Swedigh vessels, at the rate of 12Ore Rlksrayt for evrheavy last, and on Norwre. Ilan vesels, at o-p0th of a thbece dollr for every commerci lastothokhDolmf, 4thSNovember. a m57. His RoyaltMaJeaty Tarilgbeengraclouy Pleasd to decree that a Swedish and Norweian Coaulate shall be established at Akyabhaving the provino ofAraen for Its distit, Applioations may be di rctedto theeo Sxedlah Royal ColleComce. withinm six (6) months f r o m i b e d a t a h e ro f , e a c h m ut h c om p u t e a t 3 0 d f o r t h e s a i d rl5HE^TRE ~ fo TOYAL H V*NKNGInl-TEISo of 12Coo ikwnt ls erry evat, and onrtre NorwKan vessels atw x r. e dompolla flord erery commercniag ltt i E AlBeehovent flERMA INSDis TdEATReRz-La Week but LLes adEN'yshedrm COC nd.-b highlyo suhessGrenadier Quardril an Gnr ave dk' Gandth Dt Trimphl erGurc-ds,e eit btr One gofgtE for pet.THIS EVENING auFdriday tob. iean tahis DeaCor l par of llll Quadrille . "oTh Ens ot TSzakb Tszmrahon'Prst SHeruziUandfey Mh"Smh o aieTooy ln" rEtimve Bhongsh, "The,MouNtain Daisy"mdlls. ety roff-g (Binle; YDAls "La and The Topnntas aeatged orn Seolon, tVlonat tnof (an Ancien InJumgernat. No. ScbgmofSthren; Quazrille, "The Idan Quaile ghth time MofuerfDancse-tule oifn t Derfome bsy ulleen'sODriherstr aasCeId b the rumsi and le t of the tukechrmer:in eco.t S. Balfeergo Haew opera DiTllE-tOSe M0b Ghuards wofth e Ciatoreylam FOrd ndw the otremeundieoer Gumd Ofethutlammthes wholen ArmybrdNalm£inteoe shouts of Rule,Bi tanda cra Chod s. icDthertuee Qale - Part .MTfaxi-baPTrovatboxesl Hymn-tiltau t Marchs oaS Neati T Grmas Alatta oBo Eyaldrae. NLo3 GDoeon g sayan; Gaul ewoli to th Mo 'I°YEI llRI^RETHAR.-lI Tayin), andqth Tand s aspaeInnane ntepecsino h sunt, frothtes. of FthMoue-aeitlfheDrse- .1 S opo Snak Chrmer No5. ateng of Halledo' Diiio-he Moeraofhe -the dvane-theAVictrancis srclIed-wot af tremendoseburst of nthsism he hoetArmyo brdeasnt shousts of hRuer sevrie tennis," and "Godave the Q uen. Pou2ar f,pea o Selecrationr II Tovaore (furt tim tis e toolVndl Germa LP. Be Tirdev Douglar ~ ~ th farrn P of 9 Y eer MA e TI: yM Solo (Htel, MeduonDnmond swatlop.of"AdaGenmand. atigr eIghth tlme)n^llnPromenadE and lrESS Cimrl,s. wtne puiriae theetre.y whreprostentus,wt full Isartlulzefass ma by r e obtined Weat ter prncpa lbrrans':Ibnd sasonulMe. WgandCo', M1r. Eligton, stree0.The Pr Gr.aandBel. ?isqu whc willm Celose, s ,Jalien'Wilton STeso M. ConertMis MIU)ille,& tAxdplac nMonday Nmovemfer 3 7'I'¶IEAT EROAL,E RO AI, RKE.-LTHI A-IEVE5NNGINrial n B: ATo-mrro (Studa,thloe greatly shHE Taylor, ZUqand n whic uoes AmyorInediagw by e Wirig tomChippnd, MulJnderd th. Nar, Mr. Rog Mr. CM.Rla , l r oan. R but. Opneton wil Tem AlerstTos tenme and duri Eveni Le3YeeN Ce£sra. BF oTH andEW. 8. of nakstne Ccx. Mr.1 1 Cointre, Concluding evey M.Clev eningwith TEE 8Wat Y1H ATL LYOEAL, THEkT- I.-Goreaty.... R ntIc dreang with sbeof effect,tcalled TE! iOSEg nof the HeAdIle F. mpoeed Aeppearan cethise SAson of MrB.Oo Web,. Tohrdn; Wehiek of nd te r aenaod Madame Ceest ine he-mrrsvr INdlpslto.h scr.eam ing ne ad O!rs.Siginal fammce of Th rapery OYL MROY^IEB.OIE THEARE.THI QueVtieN: orn who'seoreentedndia we-r. s muchP r ir. edfrdevesry omTHIS ly VEo2MNN- the farew ofrar ClarT boygsis Mary Olaee AHlte, To hneih wll be Produed a o r., B new, eand cfmeornTwlo drama,ooure on anWold supetitio omf meld-o atnd el IedSUA THEOLEENDOnd THEEDLNQESSTAN wit newHI Music Air. CowSby; BeMr M Gwn boM Cove-eblestt Mi dMrie WiltOE Jiga. Reeler, MireSiller,d. Art,d2 tHe screaming freo E O_WPEr Uedi STb.rooN.Eor Wosor J ni) Mesrl Wrigt, JamesltondFaul Bedfoad, 1i. elb i d Mgwo.elsy ind U) GYAL PRINC SSY THXA.TRE. -~ We elLNIbu ,tDOneMof The wlpet.-TH VEIGadurnth dee, WthakTHEeBO'N aOF THiE TEPET.Bok o Sas J.r Wlddlao ~a arraned folt rersentaton aXtr theP Royal tr ofr B.it Notes byzr Mr.e Chrle Roan,omaybe rad aoste TRnraIn cETRs o BOANese HAYMARKET,TE ROEN Jame's Teadaraes Amy 20) wil beAgien fr tlhe H LA CO E&ARE. le hc h oi opera, ID L OMHL ELO ROYALAL MARYL BONE THEATRE.~TI A-IS EVENING will be presented Bnlerspmchazsdmired ofv aTH coMedyofMOEY Poeve(btlyen,eM.Caree,nceaHut' ClaraDougass, T) OYAL ROYAL TYREATRE- SEEIG iN SSAN OPLEsOd HE CNQUET O ndELH,DurChy jig Stll, I.: oxs, s. pi, 1. alfprCe mmnat at alf RETNTOYAL STANVM TEHIAARE Uu.orShoJolnteb,- agementog,Mr, ohnDonlarsyTe celebrated Mri. AmlsyndeMrs . oneand Slit EWaworthy il appear. everyvning. o- duTO-NIGHT, o t o comm nc lude thE& LADY OFNPLYONS.Tocn cldewthTE SO CUFFA THE WAVEDsk DHLRaE, ,J THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARWETLL, with TIlE SWISS COTTAGE.Shpherd ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE, Iasse and Manager, Mr. Wililia Cooks. rI'H1 EVENING, the new grand equestrian 70,W%e.ntitled THE WAR TRAIL; or, The Wte Horse ot the ;r_ re. Succeeded by cencs in the Arena, Introducing the new troupe of lady equestrisas anu juveuile rlder3 and other eminent astates Commence at7. TO CORRESPONDENTS. - Our readers are requiested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. 'Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Time is transmislble by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous oommOllilcatilon. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authentioated by the name and addreas of the-wrter; nof necuarly for publication, hut a a guarantee of his5 good faith We cannot undertake to return rejected colmuairtlcatols. tar The publcatlon of Tx Thss commnenoeod at 5 oclock yestrday mornig, and flhed atSa
ZONDOON, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1857. Some French journals have started the cry of English cruelty and barbarity in India. " This is " a war of exterminaition," says the Gazette de 1?'rance; " England openly adopts the doctrines of "terrorism; England is the only nation of the "present day capable of slaughtering the entire "population of a city withont mercy; the "spectacle which she has given to the world places her out of the pale of civilization and "humanity." Thie is too absurd. We hardiy know how to deal with such a charge. Do our contemporaries believe it themselves ? We ctoubt whether they really do. This in an artificial cry. There is no reality in it. When Frenchmen call us proud, reserved, cold, &c., we can believe that they think what they say, and that, whether the charge is true or not, they make it sincerely. We see in ourselves that which is capable of being so interpreted -something which, at any rate, might serve as a foundation. We understand this charge; therefore we are not surprised at it. But when our policy is called barbarous, cruel, exterminating, we really do not understand what is meant, and must beg to doubt whether our accusers believe 'what they say. What is the handle upon which this very large and sweeping accusation turns? It is a statement in the private letter of an English officer, written after the capture of Delhi, to the effect that some 40 or 60 Hindoos who had concealed themselves were shot, though they were not Sepoys, but only residents. Now, upon the report of an isolated fact like this, which had only the evidence of a private letter, and which was not at all of a piece with, but in complete opposition to, the general conduct of our rirmy, it would, we think, have been no more than fair and considerate to wait some little time to see 'whether the statement was in the first place true. With the exception of this one story, all the evidence respecting the capture of Delhi goes to show that none but Sepoys were killed, special mention being made of one woman who was shot by simple accident. But, even supposing the statement true, still when the fact is an isolated one, and quite an exception, a fair and candid critic 'would have been disposed to wait for explanations of it. The general rule was not to mneddle with the ordinary inhabitants of the city. Crowds flocked out of the city long before we had taken it; they passed through our very lines; one word would have been death to tens of thousands; but nobody touched them, and they went off in whatever direction they pleased. If such a fact, then, as that mentioned in this private letter took place, it is only natural to suppose that there may have been some misunderstanding on the part of our soldiers. We do not know the circumstances, and cannot possibly judge without some knowledge of them. It may not be in every case easy to distinguish those who have a claim to quarter from those who have not. If that was denied to a party of forty or fifty which was given as a matter of course to crowds,-to, as far as we know-, the 'whole population of the city, it is reasonable to think that there must have been something to suggest and something to account for the exception. But, suppose the statement true, and give it its very worst aspect, what does it amount to ? It is, at the very worst, a particular isolated excess committed by a small number of soldiers. We ! have no wish to retaliate by recrimination, but we shonld have thought that our shocked and horrified French contemporaries had known by this time that war is a horrible thing, that it lets loose the worst passions of human nature, and that it is very difficult to rein in by any general orders the excited feelings of soldiers at the capture of a city. Our French contemporaries who are now so startled by one of these disclosures from Delhi might perhaps have remembered, before they threw themselves into this ecstasy of horror, a few episodes in some of their own country's wars, and those not very ,acient ones. And they might, if they wished to check undue severity, remember that English liberty, which puts no control upon private correspondence, leads to a much more free disclosure of these episodes in English warfare than is allowed to take place in France. There private correspondence is checked, and the world only knows 'what the General chooses to tell it. NAXOLEOx set his loss at the Battle of Moscow, at which some 80 Generals alone were killed, at quelqtdes centaines. With us everybody writes, from the General down to the subaltern, and writes what he likes. We thus let out everything, and if we do anything wrong the whole world knows it. English war is no courtier, no ceremonialist, no Louis XIV. affair; it tells everything about itself without reserve or disguise. No great wonder, then, if it sometimes lets out disagreeable facts about itself, and exhibits British soldiers as now and then guilty of excesses. The capture of a city is about the greatest trial there is to the temper of troops and the authority of a General; it is a wild, exciting scene, the finale of a long and slow process,when patience and endurance have to give place to vehement action,andpassion,havingbeenweeksormonth3 reined in and suppressed, comes out with a burst. Soldiers must be excited on such occasions; that cannot be helped. Such excitement, indeed, is part of the very nature and even of the very duty of war; things could not be done without it; but, when you have excitement, how are you to secure its constant and uniform propriety ? The General may give the most humane orders, but he cannot possibly attend personally to their execution everywhere. Our rules of war are merciful and mild enough, but we never said that all our soldiers were perfect specimens of self-control. It is most absurd, however, to charge upon a country the violent acts of particular soldiers, and call our policy " exterminating" because a few excited men kill in the fever of a successful capture some whom British policy and inercy would have let alone. Exterminating, indeed ! Did those crowds that left by the Ajmere-gate proclaim an exterminating policy ? We have been arguing here on the supposition that the captuire of Delhi was an ordinary case of the capture of a city in war, but it is evidently a very peculiar case of capture. The population of the city, though not actually in arms, had sympathized with the mutineers and made common cause with them. The whole population of Delhi had stood by when the most frightful atrocities were perpstrated; they had seen English women paraded naked through their streets ; and they had seen worse than this,had seen all this pollution in the face of day, and had not stirred one finger to prevent it. It may be that resistance to armed Sepoys would have been useless ; still, the slightest feeling Iof humanity would have stimulated some attempt at resistance. It was, at all events, impossible but that English soldiers should remember this when they found themselves in Delhi-impossible but that they should remember these crimes when the guilty city, the actual scene of the outrage, was before them,and associate everybody in it with the polluition of the English name. It would have been no great wonder if they had retaliated upon the aiders and abettora of those wretches as well as upon the wretches themselves, and in that case we should have accepted the defence of us in the Presse and the Spectateir-journals which we are glad to see, protest against the censorious criticism of some of their contemporaries upon us. But we canuot accept this defence, simply because, as a matter of fact, the supposition on which it is made is not true. There has not been, so far as we know, except in this isoleted case, which awaits explanation, any such retaliation; and such forbearance, whether strict justice requires it or not, is a matter of congratulation and just boast-a boas; that, with everythig, to provoke the moat summary indiscriminate vengeance, we should have drawn the strongest line of demarcation, have shot down the Sepoy, and let the city crowds paws by untouched. Let our con- femporaries, when they write next on this subjeet, remember the " Ajmere-gate" and the aut of British mercy connected with it.
It is not surprising that a demand upon India for the payment of its own expenses xhould give rise to much ill-informed clamour. It is eay to show that a community suffers hardship when it is required to provide the outlay occasioned by its own misfortunes. Yet such is the ordinary course of human affairs. If a town is burnt down, its inhabitants must find the means of rebuilding it, and a country which unfortunately becomes the seat of civi war is likely first to be plundered and afterwards to be taxed for security against the repetition of the outrage. The advocates of Indian immunity will do well to consider that there are only two sources from which the cost of the struggle can be met. If the burden is successfully repudiated by the natives, it must rest on the overloaded taxpayer at home. Declamations against the injustice of taxing our Indian subjects to pay for the errors of the Company scarcely require an answer. The Company consists of a number of individual stockholders, who have not a fraction of influence in the administration of the territories which stiUl acknowledge their nominal sovereignty. It cannot be seriously argued that widows and children who may be dependent upon the dividends of India Stock should be mnilcted for the real or supposed misdeeds of Directors and of Governors-General. The Company, since it obtained a Parliamentary guarantee for its income, has not even a pecuniary interest in the government of India. The shade of a great name, it still provides a consituency for a portion of the Directors. The Act which conferred the privilege or imposed the duty in no way provided that the dividends should be liable to make good the losses which might arise from the misconduct or ill fortune of the administration. wo speaker or writer has yet come forward to propose a war tax on the holders of India Stock; yet there is no other meaning in the demand that "the Company" should be mulcted in the expenses of the war. Some of those who echo the clamour may perhaps suppose that the burden ought to fall on the civil servants of the Government. The Military Department is for the present exempt from even the most factious attack. The soldiers who have saved the Empire, many of them at the cost of their lives, will assuredly not be called upon to bear the expenses of the struggle. It is not necessary to dwell on a proposition too absurd to be put forward in a definite form. The administrative organization has nowhere broken down except under the pressure of irresistible force, and ovor the greater part of the peninsula law and order have been maintained by the regular authorities of the country. The EnDglish rulers of India have everywhere done honour to the country of which they are among the worthiest representatives. But it is absurd to discuss the policy of paying for a war out of the salaries of a limited number of officials. If " the Company" is really liable, the stockholders must be fleeced instead of the public servants. The real effect of exempting the proper objects of taxation would be to impose the entire liability on the English Treasury. The question is not whether the burden ought to fall on Indian proprietors and capitalists. It is necessary to choose between the natural sufferers from the mutiny and the taxpayers of England. In sermons and platform addresses, and other utterances remote from practical application, the English nation has been treated with a6 severity to which it is happily not unaccustomed. We have been accused of wasting opportunities, of neglecting sacred duties, of trifling with great objects, of misconceiving Divine missions; and as long as a moral, or rather verbal responsibility, is alone involved, most of us are content to submit to the impeachment, in consideration of the large share of censure which falls on our friends and neighbours. As soon, however, as the discussion turns upon business, we naturally require our accusers to be somewhat more definite in their charges. It is not true that England has in modern times consciously misgoverned or neglected her great Eastern Empire. The ablest and most experienced statesmen of succeeding generations have deliberately planned the system of government which they thought most conducive to the benefit of the Indian population. The interests of the shareholders in the Company have simply been regarded as vested rights, entitled to legal protection. Parliament has with thorough sincerity, if not always with sound judgment, discharged on behalf of the nation the duty which ignorant declaimers represent as altogether forgotten. Recent events will have added to our experience, but they can scarcely increase the earnestness with which thoughtful English politicians have studied the good of the subject population. The result is a Government which has committed the unforeseen error of maintaining an army which, after a century of fidelity, has plunged into a fanatical mutiny. *Under a Mahratta or Muessulman ruler all the consequences of the revolt must have been endured by the native population, It is difficult to see why a different result should follow from the establishment of a wiser, juster, and more beneficent Government. Unless we can administer our power for the benefit of the natives we have no business in India. If we discharge that function, although imperfectly, yet better than any competitors who could be suggested, we are entitled to enforce the liabilities which subjects universaly share with their legitimate rulers. Foreigpers in general naturallysuppose that India contributes to the Imperial revenue. The only pretext for such an allegation is founded on the interest which is paid to the stockholders of the Company. It would, however, be grossly inaccurate to regard the remittances on account of the dividends as a tribute from a dependency to the dominant country. The payment more nearly resembles the interest of a debt undertaken by a GCovernment, partly as a matter of business, and partly on political grounds. Of the capital of the old Company a portion was accumulated in comnmerce, while the remainder represented the consequences of war and negotiations extending over three or four generations. It was impossible for Parliament to disregard vested interests acquired under its own sanction, and the only judicious course was to break up the Company and to close the account. By general consent it was thought an advantageous bargain for India to buy up the monopoly both of trade and of political power. Since 1833 the stockholders have been placed on the same footing with the ordinary creditors of an established Government. The sums which are remitted to England for pay, for pensions, and on account of the home establishment, are simply a part of the ordinary charges of public administration. English authority must be administered by English functionaxies with sufficient salaries, and eventually with retiring allowances. Finally, it mnust be remembered that every argument in favour of imposing the cost of the mutiny on the English Treasury is equally applieable to the ordinary charges of the Indian Administration. If we are fighting for our own interests we ought to pay for them in time of peace. The assertion of order and good government by force of arms principally concerns those who in ordinary seasons pursue their avocations under the protectiomx of the existing Government.
The case of Colonel WAuGH and the London and Eastemn Bank will have a high place a=ong the commercial delinquencies which uthered in the panic of 1857, Certainly, the defenders of the present monetary system will be able to pointmany a moral with the careers of a few men wlho have risen on the world, dazzled it with their brightneu, and then set for ever. Nothing that the novelwriter or the dramatist has imagined can go beyond the facts which have been made public late]y concerning the doings of men who have held a high place in political and social circles, and who have not only been thought acute And prosperous, but also eminently high-minded and conscientious. Colonel WA-uGH was a singular specimen of the class. He was a military man, and not a man of business or of politics. He had spent much of his life in India, and might not therefore be thought competent to direct complicated affairs which require the devotion of a life east of Templebar. Yet he is now proceeded against as the principal debtor of a great banking corporation, and as a speculator of the first water. We can well imagine schemers with other men's property who have graduated in attorneys! offices and in city countiDghouses; but a cavalry money-dealer, a speculator ia gold lace and spurs, is certainly an anomaly. Yet truth is stranger than fiction, and the character that no one would have dared to imagine has been revealed to us within the last few months. Colonel WAuoH became connected with a Bank which received the confidence of a large body of Indian officers. The men who are now fighting our battles in the East supplied in a great degree the funds which made the bankrupt great and prosperous during his brief career. What the character of the conceru was may be gathered from the fact that its manager was an assistant-surgeon, also in a cavalry regiment, and that it allowed a man notoriously without means to contract a debt to the amount of 280,0001. The blindness of the unhappy dupes can have been only equalled by the criminal negligence, or more criminal complicity, of the Directors themselves. Colonel WAuV o, who began by buying a small estate for 13,0001., was enabled, by representations of the value of the clay found on the spot, to obtain funds from the Bank to the enormous amount we have mentioned. He built a good house on his land, took Campdenhouse at Kensington, and for a season or two lived as a man of large fortune. Then the crash came. That the Colonel knew long beforehand, and while he was keeping up his large establishments, that he was a beggar and worse, cannot be and is not denied. T-he failure of the Bank and the ruin of those connected with it must have been evident to the chief debtor for more than a twelvemonth before his career of extravagance came to a close. It is impossible to conceive a worse case, or one in which the law administered by the Commissioners in Bankruptcy ought more stringently to be put in'co force. Colonel WAuGH left England shortly before he was made a bankrupt, and has been abroad ever since. It can hardly be doubted by any sane man that his leaving England was connected with the knowledge that proceedings would shortly be commenced against him. There is therefore prin2 facie reason to consider him as a fugitive from the law, and as endeavouring to evade a proper examination of his affairs. That he has been seriously ill since we do not pretend to deny. Yet, that a man who owes 280,0001., and who has brought hundreds of people to distress or ruin, should go abroad, to France and then to Spain, and that the Bankruptcy Court should be unable to lay its hands upon him, certainly seems a great hardship. Colonel wAUG]es affairs are now before the Court for the third or fourth time, and it is shown that after leaving England about the time of his bankruptcy he went to France, and within the last few months to Spain, where he has been ever since. We cannot conceive that, if he were able to travel from the South of Fr=ace to Malaga, he should not have been able to return to England; and as to health, there are 30,000,000 of us who manage to recover from any illness within these islands, and Colonel WAUGH might have cast in his lot with us. However, the air of Malaga suited the bankrupt, and to Malaga he went. From this place certificates have been despatched stating the inability of the Colonel to appear before the Court. He has now, it seems, removed to Manzanares, but is still unable to proceed even by the easiest stages to England. The last certificate is not accompanied by any affidavit, but Mrs. WAUGH writes respecting her husband,-" I cannot " believe that it would be advantageous to his " creditors to force him to an act that in all "probability would cost him his life; he has "therefore at last consgnted to take the "advice of his medical attendant, and at my earnest intercession will not at present "c proceed to England." Such is the actual state of affairs. Of course, it may be said that illness is unavoidable, and that it is of no use murdering a man by dragging him into court while his brain is fevered or his nerves unstrung ; but still we think that the Bankruptcy Court ought not to be accused of harshness if on the next occasion it makes a searching inquiry into the bankrupt's case. It seems strange that if " mental anxiety " is the only dread of the doctors, the Colonel should be unable at least to present himself within the kingdom. Travelling in the present day Is not so terrible but that a man, even though he require " perfect rest and tranquillity," should not be able to come from Spain to England in the five months which have elapsed since the last certificate, was issued. We cannot find the necessity for Colonel WAuOn going to Spain at all; we can as little imagine the illness which can prevent him from returning home.
THE WOLVERHAMPTON BANK. (BY ELECIC AXD InTZBYATIONAI TElG.RAPII.) We have received the following despatch from our correspGndent - " Mr. Henry Hill, the former manager, is going throngh the hooks. If found satisfactory the requisto capital will be forthcoming." TELEGRAPHIO COMMUNICATION WITH MALTA. The following telegram waB received Lst night from Messr. Newall and Co. by the Mediterranean Extension Telegraph Company :_ "1 CAGLIART, WEDNESDAY, Nov. i8, 11 38 r.AL "To the Directors of the Mediterranean Extenr3on Tele- graph Company, 168, Gresm-house, London, "We yesterday completed successfully the submarne oable between Cagllari and Malta in 70 hours. We Intend to stir on Saturday for Corfu. " E. S. NEWALT, "CHARLES LIDDELI," Mr. Juan Comyn, who has for many yeaa represented the Spanish Government at this Court as Charg6 d'Affaires, has been appointed Under Secretary for Foreign Aairs, and will leave London to commence his function)s at Madrid in a few days. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the recoipt oF the remaining half of a Bankof England note (14,748) for unpaid income-tax from LIVE1XPOOL, Thursday.-Businesa has relapoed inta the sauje dep?essed state it exhibited previolusl to the suspension of the Bank Act last wreek; the aales of eotton eo«cay were only I,500 bales. The numerous failnres anbounced in The Times of to-day have served to Increase the gloomn on 'Change.
THE S14MESE AMB4A4DOp.. -; WINDSOR, Nov. 19. Her Majesty the Quee held this day-a C6ort for the ,oe$pa- of the Amdusaora fra the Kins of SLim. TheAmbsdors arrhied at Windor Cte shortly before 1 osloelc, Attended, bY Mr. Fowl* and Captain Cla4ring, Phy Maintrl SuriyWre Ad Chan Mwu Sarbodh Bhety Were the representatIves of the First or Major Kig of Cha-mun Monkdir Bidacks was the repreentative of the Second Sng of SlIam. In the suite of their Exeleuncil were Ch amun Eajama%t and Nai BiebAr Sarabakich, of$oers in charge of preseniU Mom R%joday, Reyal Interpreter; Captain Achnne, and Captain Duk. Their Excellencies were pased up the Grand Stae and into the Guard Chamber (which wreo lined by the Yeomen of the Guard under the command of Captain orton Eerbert, the Exon in Waiting), and were conducted into the Tapestry.room. 1 Soon after 1 o'clock the Queen wa conducted by the Lord Steward and the other Offioers of State to the Throne. room. Her Majedy was ccompnied by his Royal Highness the Prince Consort and her Royal Highnes the Prl. can Royal, and wanattended by the Duchess of Atholl -ad Lay Caroline Barrington, adies in Waiting, and the Gentlemen in Waittng. His Royal Highness Princo Frederick William of Prueda, attended by the gentlemen of his suite, was pr&sent at the reception in the Throne-room. The Earl of Clarendon, KSG., the Queen's prindipal Secre. tary of State for Foreign Affairs, stood in attendance near Her Majesty at the audience. The Ambassadors were conducted by Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward CuAt, .C.H., Her Majesgt astero the Ceremonies, and Mr. Norman Macdonald, Gentleman Usher, from the Tapegtry-room, through St. George's-hall and the Grand Reception-room, to the door of the Throns. room, where they were rweived by LordErnest Bruoe, ViceChamberlain, Sir William Martins, and Sir Frederic Smith, Gentlemen Uthers, by whom their Excellencies were condneted to the Queen on the throne. Phya Mntri Surlywanse, one of the repreeuntatives of the First or Major King of Siam, bore autograph ltters from the Kings, written, in gold. The presents from the two lings of Slim to Her Majesty the Qneen wero arranged on either side of the room. They comprSsed an Eastern crorn of gold and enamel, enriehed with diaImonds, emeralds, and rabies; a gold collar, thickly studded with rubies; a large star; a masive ring, set with diamonds, and a vaiety of precioUs stones; a golden belt, enriched with rubles; a chair of State or Throne; a rare and valuable white shell, having * number of jewels inserted; a cup and sasuer of agate; a State padan. quin ; a State saddle and bridle; a number of umbrellas oovered with gold embroidery; boxes and cups of solid gold; silver silvers with gilt embossed edges ; a metal drum, and a variety of other articles of rarity and curious work. manship, together with a painting of the Court of the Kings of Siam. The Ambasdors having been introduced the First Ambassdor delivered the following addresa - " May it please your Most Gracious and Exoelent Majesty to permit us to acquaint your Majesty, I That we of the Siamese Embassy-viz., myself, Phya Mantri Burlywanse, the First Ambassador, Chau Mun Sarbbedh Bbacty, the Second, and Cha-mun Mondir Bidacks, the Third Ambassador, baving received the Royal maudates of their gracious and excelent Siamese Majesties, Phra Bard Somdetch Phra Paramendr Naha Mongkut, and Phra Bard Somdetch Phra Pwarndr Rameso Mahiswareso, the former Chief or Major Elng of theSlamesewdagdomandits adjacent tributarr countries, Laos, Cambodia, and several provinces of the M-alayan peninsula, and the latter our most respected Soverein the Second King of Siam, to convey both their Majesties' Royal letters with the accompanying presents, and lay the same at your Royal Majes's feet, as a mark ef respectful and sincere homage of both their Majesties the two Kings of Siam to your most graclous Majesty, the all-powerful and enlightened Sovereign of the united kingdoma of Great Britain and Ireland, and the vast British colonies in different parts of the world, on vwhich the sun, we know, never sets. " We have now arrived at your Most Gracious MajesWs Royal feet with all the Royal Siamese letters and presents in our charge. We therefore pray that you will permit us to assure your Majesty with due sincerity that our Sovereigns-both their SiameseMajesties-have perceivedthatthe mutual friendship between your Majests dominions and the Siamese kingdom has undoubtedly become firmer and closer than before in consequence of your Most Graeious Majesty's good opinion, and is the source of immense hap piness and comfort to the people who are respectively subjects of both nations. " Also that your Gracious Majesty, having honoured both their Majesties and the Siamese kingdom with your Royal friendship and indulgence in a higher and more intimate manner than has been bestowed before upon any of the nations of the Eat, by giving Royal answers to both their Majesties' first communications, therefore the gratitude and friendly feeling of our Sovereigns are expressed at length in their Royal letters now brought by us. " And also that we of this Embassy have received your Gracious and Excellent Majesty's Royal favour on board your Majesty's men-of-war, and have been conducted with perfect safety on our way from Siam to your Majesty's capital. ' Since our arrival and reddence here we have been treated with the highest respect and attention in every manner by your Majesty's Government, whose courtesy it gives us great pleasure to acknowledge; we, therefore, beg to assure your Majesty that we will not fail to mention upon our return to our native land, both to our Government and everywhere, the kindness and hospitality with which we have been received, the remembrance of which will be handed down to our posterity. " We are sorry that we cannot more fully express the gratitude which fills our hoars upon the present occasion, wving to the duty of laying before Your Most Gracious Majestythe oyalletters from our two Rings of Slam, their lajesties rhza Bard Somdetch Phra Paramendr Maha Mongkut and Phra Bard Somdetch Phra Pwarendr Rameso hlahlswareso, and the accompanying Royal presents mentioned and enumerated therein. " We pray on the p art of our gracious Sovereigns that your Most GraCous Majesty will please to accept the Royal presents and letters which we now have the honour to nre|sent, the acceptance of w hich will fill the hearts of both their llajesties with inlexpressible joy. I MWe pray that your Most Gracious Majesty vll pardon any error that may have been made iadvertenty by us in aidressing youz Most Gracious Masjesty." The First Ambassador then presented the autograph letters from the Kings of Siam. Her Majesty was pleased to return a most gracious answer. At the termination of the audience their Excellencies returned to St. George's-hall, and were afterwards ushered into the Waterloo Gallery, where luncheon was eerved. The following noblemen and gentlemen were present at the Court:-The Lord Steward, Earl Spencer; the Groom of the Stole to the Prince Consort, the Marquis of Aber. corn; the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, the Earl of Clarendon; the Captain of the Gentlemen-at-Arms, Lora Foley; the Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard, Viscount Sydney; the Treasurer of the Household, the Earl of Mulgrave; the Vice-Chamberlain, Lord Ernest Bruce; the Lord in Waiting, Earl of Caithuess; the Lord ia Waiting to the Prince Consort, Viscount Torrington; the Groom in Waiting, General Sir Edward Bowater; the Groom In Waiting to the Prince Consort, Major-General Wylde; the Equerry in Waiting, Major-General Buckley ; tho Equerry In Waiting to the Prince Consort, Captain the Hon. D. de Ros; Captain Schweinitz and Dr. Wegner, in Waiting to Prince Frederick William of Prusia the Silver Stick in Waiting, Colonel Mountjoy Martyn; the Field Officer in Waiting, Colonel Ridley, C. B. (Grenadier Guards); the Adjutant in Waiting, Captain Burgoyne (GrenadierGuards); the Gentlemen Ushers in Waiting, Sir WilLiam Martins and Sir Frederic Smith; the Page of Honour inf Waiting, Mr. Farqu. harson; tho Master of the Ceremonies, Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Cust; the Controller of the Lord Chamberlain's Department, Mr. Norman Macdonald; and the Master of the Household, Colonel Biddulph. A Guard of Honour of the Scots Fusileer Guards mounted guard in the quadrangle of the Castle. The band of the regiment playe the national anthem as the Queen entered the Audience-room.
COURT CIRCULAR. The Hon. William Hmilton Merritt, M.P. (Canada) had an Interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley yesterday, at the office of the Board of Trade, on the subject of a continu. ation of steam communication between Llverpool and hicago. The ChanceUor of the Exchequer left London yesterday on a vlsit to Her Majesty at Windsor Castle. Deetches from the Governors af West Australia and Newr ealand were received yesterday at the Colonial-office. Despatches were sent to the Governors of Malta, Ceylon, and Hongkong.
THE BRIsr SP0IAL M.M-STEm TO CMNxMA AsxRIcA.-The oaonoement wo were enabled to make on the 29th nlt. as to the appolntment of a spoec British Minister to the CentralAmenrca Government, and s to the probability of the individual to be melected for that office, has been confirmed in every particular. By the Canada's mails, just arrived, we leor from our London correependent, under date Friday, October 23, that on the afternoon of that day stecl audienoe was given at Wlndsor ly QQeen Victoria to Sir William Gore Oaseley, C,B., who was introduoed by the Earl of Clarendon, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, andreceivedhiscredentiala. SirWilliam,whowillbeacoompanled by Lady Ouseley. formerly Miss Van Ness, daughter of the late Governor of Vermont, and subsequently United State5 Miuister at Madrid, was to bave sailed from Liverpool by the packet cf the S0tb, and on the day preceding would be entertained at Richmond-hill, the hospitable seaxt of Mr. W. Brown,. member for Soutlt lancare, obairnian of the Atlantic Telegraph Company and of the Hondra Inter-OcesWnl Railway Compauy,-a gentleman who never misses an opportmniq of promoting the interchange of cordiality ana good feelig between the citizens of the two States, whether in their political, commercial, or social relationship.-2AYw York 7ncs, Nov. T.
INDIAN MUTINIES. AN ESAPE TN ATTNw The following is from IAeuiiant George Holmes Burner,ate Adjutant of the 10th Oude Irregular Infantry) ,who haa ao narrowly escaped the fate that 1,efel bis unclee, Sir Alexander and Charles, at eabuL It is Addressed to his brother, an officer of the avenging force at Jubbulpore, and in the original the namee of the fidendly Rajah and his fort ae written in Greek characters:- " Mitawlee, Sunday, Sept. 13, I fear that for mny montls you must have mourned ane as dead, and my ucape has Indeed been wonderful, very ,wonderful; for sice the 3d of June.(the date of the mutiny amd massacre at SeetapGre) I have been prowling in the junglee, exposed to un and rain, and pursued by 3epoys and a small party of Irregular Cavalry, but I have hitherto mcaped, and hope yet to get off, as I am protected by a riendly Rajah, who has fed me and those with me to this hour, and now that things seems bettering I trubt he will Increase his cae for us ; so cheer up! God has been very mnerciful to me, and I yet hope to gee you, dearebt brother, again. Much have I to write and but little space to put It In. On the 3d of June the Seetapore troops, consisting of the 41st Bengal Native Infantry, 9th and 10th 'Regiments Oude Irregular Infantry, and 2d Regiment Oude Military Follce,-in all about 3,300 men broke out into open mutiny and Bhot their officers, and every European, man, woman, and child; they could lay their hands on. More of this hereafter. I cannot now dwel on the horrible scenes that ensued; so will relate briefly the part more immediately affecting myself. The 41st commenced the mutiny by shooting their colonel, one of the three lieutenants, and the sergeant-major; and the 9th Irregulars followed suit by shooting their commanding offlicer, doctor, and sergeantmajor. The 10th were drawn up to protect the dvil lines, nud on their left was military police. The latter imnediately mutinied and commenced shooting the civilians, but the 10th showed a disposition to stand fast, until the 41st and 9th approached them, when they likewIse joined the mutineers, but did not attempt to shoot their officers. I was standing In front of the centre of the left wing, exhorting the men to be faithful to their salt aud lothe colours they had so lately and so sacredly sworn to defend. They listened wlth the utmosb respect, and evinced zo signs whatever of disobedience until the 41st and 9th Came within 120 yards, when the i3ght Company broke their ranks, and, seizing me, took me to the rear, begging of tue to run and save myself, as they wished me no harm. &elng my commanding officer and second in command going, I followed with a heavy heart, little caring what became (of me, and not taking much notice of the volleys the troops were treating us to. I went to the house of Mr. Christian, the commissioner, where all the remaining people of the station had assembled. Behind the house flowed a mnall deep river, and beyond was a jungle of thick cypress and brushwood; all agreed to crozs and hide in the jungle; the house was now being surrounded, the police were In the arden, and had occupied a small temporary bridge aoross the river, where they shot a number of men, women, and children. Some escaped by a ford; as for me, I followed in the rear, and came up with Mrs. Christian, the commissioner's wife, struggling to get ,n with her little child in her arms-a girl two and v-half years old, and her husband with her, carrying a boy about six months old. The nurse had run away, and the sauve qt i ypew feeling seems to have been too strong on the fugitives for any of them to help her. I took the child from her arms, and with the aid of Quartermaster-Sergeant Morton, of my regiment, got It away safe and sound, all three escaping unseathed through the fearful shower of aUllets sent after us as we -crossed the river, and hid our. zelves in the friendly jungle. We went some 20 miles that -day, taking the child by turns; next day we met Sir M. Jackson, !Asssistant Commissioner, and his sister in the .ungle; we went on together, and on the morning of the tth reached Mitawlee, the fort of Rajah Toonee Singh, with whom we have since been. I entered his fort by force, and claimed protection for the whole party, which was granted. I have since heard that Mr. and Mr Christian and the little boy were killed, so my poor little ward is an orphan; she is a very nice little child. I send this through an officer with whom I am totlly unacquainted, but we sent in a French letter by a Brahmin to Cawnpore, and re- eived an answer from Captain Gordon this day wbioh enlightened us as to what Is going on ia lndia. I eould not crommunicate before, or, of course, should have done so. I lost aU I had in the world, but regret most my poor mother's jevwels. I thought of them, end tried to go into my hou.e nfter leaving the parade, but the mnutireers wvere there anld fied at me, so I went off without au article to my name. God bless you, my father, and brothers; wrrite and tell them about me. "P.S. I have since heard that Lieutenants Dorin and Snoll crommandant and second in command of my regiment, were shot near the river.'
THE CAFFRES. TO TIHE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,--I enolose an extract from a letter, under date of the 20th of August, which I received this morning from a gen. -leinaan who has resided in the eastern province of the Caps Colony and Caffreland nearly 40 years. Should you consider this account of "striking evenWt worthy of notice it is at your service. I enclose my card, and remain, Sir, ONE WHO HAS RESIDED IN THE CAFE COLONY TWENTY-FIVE YEAR. F3XTEACT FROhl A LETTER, DATED EASTERN PROVINCE, CAPP OF GOOD HOI-E, AUG. 20. The country is passing through one of the most remark. -able changes that can possibly be conceived of. I speak now in reference to the Caffres. There is every prospect of (Caffreland becoming denuded of its original inhabitants. A dreadful famine is now raging throughout that country, extending from tho frontier to the Bashee River. Thou. sands are perishing for wanb of food, and thousands are now pouring Into the colony in the most abject state in search ,of employment and food. The vast extent of this immigra. tion will appear when I inform you that one of the magis, trates has registered and sent into the colony 1,000 souls, so that theze ls now no want of servants. The Governmuent ef British Caffraria employ about 4,000 Caffre men on the public works, roadmaking, &o. Nevor were a people so completely given up to strong delusions to believe a lie. At the bidding of a Caffre prophetthenation destroyedthe entire imeans of its own subsistence * cattle, goats, and corn were all destroyed, and the ground left ucoultlvated. They have sold their guns, assegats, ornaments, and evergthing they Jcould dispose of to procure food. They are now spirit. broken, naked, and starving.
THE STATE OF TRADE AT PRESTON.-Since my last communication the embarrassments of the trade in cotton have become more apparent in this town and neighbourhood. Two other millowners have reduced the labcmrs of their operatives to short time, and it is likely that the remaining three or four firms in the town who are at present working inU time will also in a few days adopt short time. At an early hour in the afternoon crowds of o ratives arc to be seen trolling the streets, and the arge numbor of unemployed is daily becoming greater, and, as a natural consequence, there is an increased demand upon the paroohial authorities by able-bodied persoes, mnale and female. During the past week it also appears that there has been an increase of 53 inmates in the various workhouses iml the parish, which now contain 1,006. Besides these there are nearly 4,500 paupers in receipt of outdoor relief. On Tuesday it was stated in l'he Timem that the Preston Board of Guardians had applied to the General Board in London for a temporary relaxation of the order as to the giving of relief to able-bodied persons, owing to the Board being inable to find employment for all the applicants. To that comsmunication a reply has been received, and the Poor Law Commissioners state that they see no necessity for such relaxation, but that they would consider any cases referred to them in which the guardians may have found it necessary to depart from the order. They also direct the guardians to the necessity of providing increased workhouse accommodation to meet the emergency by the erection of a new workhouse, which has hitherto been successfully opposed by the Preston guardians, and was at their meeting on Tuesday the subject of discussion. But the board of guardians resolved upon a better expedient than the course suggested by the commissioners, and propose to employ all able-bodied male applicants for relief in the erection of a wall to surround the House of Recovery and in the making and repairing of highroads. Thewomen they think of emuploying in the Preston wvorkhouse in knitting ad sewirg. To aUleviate the distress of all worthy partially employed persona the Soup Distribution Consaittee will on hlonday nes open their soup kitchens and dispense as much as possible. The conmittee have a rconsiderable fund in hand for this purpose, and have for several years distributed soup to the needy. But this year their labour wiU be considerably increased, and their benevolence will, unfortunately, bet much extended. In previous year many families have almost if not entirely, existed upoon the bounty of soup kitchons. And now, with the assistanco of the board of guardians (who expressed themselves disposed to grant outdoor relief in all cases which they consider proper objects), and the committee for the distribution of soup, the poor care worn operative may be able to drag himself and family through the present extreme crisis until the revival of trade. It js rumoured that means are being taken for the establishment of afternoon and evening free lectures to the unemployed ddurig their present di:cultieu, bat I have not been able to ascertain the veracity of the report. One item of news of some mportancesba occurred, As showing the probabilty of an early retrn o2 the mills working full tine-viz., on :onday Messrs. Horroc}ses,, MllUer and Co., commenced - working 40 hours per week. This Is the most exten. aive firm In the town, and employs upwards of 3,000 opera- THE B3YE ACT.-A large blue-book, issued yesterday from the printers, forms ans appendix and index to the report from the seleot committee of the House of Commons on the Bank Charter Act. The appendix contains some remLrks and opinions of the governors and directors of the Bank on the charter of 1844 and the Irish and S^otch lBanking Acts of 1S4, besides reports from the committee on commercial distress in 1848, sundry letters to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and an infinite series of tabular ta-ement of t'ae ciration nd issues of the Bank, with other statisiatlc information resptecting banks for several 3@ezrs peat, TDe wholvtoni * YT A;.le Ot 600 pags
THB BEBA"ASTEBR. IYesteday a seod and forthp pret, we regret to say, an umsuoozful 4tXmpt was dWe tX ramove this gat ved further down the launch1ns ways, It Wa not an atkmpt to launch her, as there is Dot now a sfficint amount of water to float her off the bottom of the ways, but it was an effort to move her about 40 feet lower down than the posltion which she at preaent occuples, and In this, as we have said, the attempt was a failure. The Immediate cause whlch led to this illmucceu may be saWed In a very few words, -namely, that the abutmenb of piles against which the bases of th7 hydraulic rams rested yielded under the premsure which was exerted between them and the ships cradle, and gave way to a great extent, and at last In some places broke entirely. The mooring chain. belonging either to the Government or the city corporation, holding the sheave, through which, by a four-fold purchase on land, the stem of the vessel was hauled to the river, also gave way, and this mishap, taken in connexion with the other, led to all further attempts being postpon ed for at least some days, and perhaps for a longer period. These were the immediate causesl, but in order to understand completely the circumstances which induced them it is necessary to refer to the time of the first attempt, on the 2d of this month. Most of our readers can easily remember the arrangements which were then madeThat attempt, though generally cenaidered by the publio as a failure, was in reality rather a success, for it proved be. yond a doubt that Air. BLrunel possessed a complete command over the vessel, and could check mad hold it in even when it had acquired a very considerable downward momentum. Had he not possessed this controlling power on the occasion of the first effort, and when the monster blipped some five or six feet in a second, the launch would have taken place in spite of him. The vessel would, indeed, have been got into the water, bat probably at the cost of a fearful lo0s of life. There is no doubt that when anything in the nature of a speetacle is going forward there is no risk, however fearful its aspect or probable in its contingency, which Londoners will not incur to gratify their curiosity, amd it is this consciousness of always venturing into danger wbich induces such fatal panics among themon the mostgroundless alarm. Thus, on the first occasion, as the hour approached when the vessel was to move down, the river was literally covered with boats and steamers, all densely packed and laden to the very water's edge with men and women. Commands and entreaties to these craft to remove to a safer distance were alike disregarded, and they remained almost in the vory track over which the vessel, If launched at all, would have had to pass. It is frightful to contemplate what the consequences must have been if Mr. Brunel had not pos. sessed perfect control over her movements, and if she had then slipped away and dashed into the river. Not only would she have buried all in her immediate way, but herdisplacement of water would, of course, have raised a wave sufficient to capsize the boats and steamers near her, and even to cross the river, and perhaps sweep away some hundreds of the spectators wlho crowded the wharfs on the opposite shore, within a foot or two of high. water mark. All these things Mr. Brunel saw at a glance when the time for the launch arrived, and he saw also that to the tremendous mechanical dificulties of moving such a mass of iron at all was superadded the responsibility of undertaking to do it at a time when the snapping of a piece of Iron or the neglect of a servant might involve the lives of hundreds. Nevertheless, the attempt was made. The Great Easternj slid down some five or six feet when she was instantly checked, though not till the mishap at the windlass ocurred, which made all the work. men in the yard so timid as to unfit them for the execution of orders which required an unusual amount of nerve and coolness. Within an hour afterwards the atiempt was given up, and it was then determined that at all hazards the public should be kept in total ignorance of when the next effort should be made. Hence the strict secrecy vrith which all the subsequent operations have been conducted, and which was so well maintained that even up to yesterday morning not half-a-dozen persons were aware of what was to be done. From prudential motives with regard to the men, and, also, that above all othor places no note of pro paration should be given on the river, the purchases worked from the barges which were to haul the vessel in that direction were allowed to be worked from the shore. In order to do this double sheaves were secured to the Government and City moorings, near the dockyard on the other side of the river, through which the chains from the ship were passed and brought back under her keel and up the yard,where they were hauled upon with a fourfold purchase by powerful crabs, each worked by 24 men. Four of these purchases have thus been fitted, and their united exertions, it was estimated, would apply a strain upon the midships of the vessel towards the river equal to 250 tons. Small stationary engines in place of the crabs worked the same description of tackle at the stem and stern, but with these the power has been so multiplied that each can apply, if necessary, a strain of 100 tons or mnore. At the same time the L ro.ching ways have been strengthened by the addition of several lengths of the bridge rails inserted between those already down at regular intervals, and additional and more powerful hydraulic rams were brought to bear on the ship's cradles, to push her with force enough to start her down the ways. These were the changes which the experience of the first attempt showed would be advisable in future efforts. Six hydraulic rams were yesterday fixed against the side-namely, two seven-inch ones at the aftermost part of each cradle, and a 10-inclh one at each forward part. Tho base of each of these rams rested against a regular series of strong piles driven deep into the ground, and thls fulcram appeared strong enough; but, of course, they could only be tested by the actual pressure of the rams, and that could not possibly be applied until all was ready to launch the vessel. The last preparations were complete at about noon yester. day. Up to that time so carefully had the secret been kept that even in the immediate neighbourhood of the yard the intended effort was unknown. A coUler brig which was sahore on one of the launching ways tended to lull whatever suspicions mlght have been entertained, and which the appearance of gangs of workmen greasing down the launching metals was certainly calculated to excite. In the yard, wvith the exception of those actually con. cerned In the launoh, there were not more than 20 or 30 gentlemen present, and nearly all of these -were engineers or shipbuilders. Thb greab advantage of this arrangement over the very mixed crowd which filled the yard on the last occasion was so apparent that there is now no fear of the rule of strict privacy ever being again departed from. The mnen were all at their places at the crabs and hydraulic gear soon after 12 @olock. Some time was lost while the various details were minutely inspected, preparatory to beginning; but at last, at 1 o'clock, all was ready, and the signal was given to the gangs working the hydraulic rarns at the foremost cradle to commence pumping. The aftermost cradle having slipped on the ways about 18 inches or so more than tho one near the bows, it was necesary to push down the latter frst, in order that they might both start on a level. As the men commenced their efforts the anxiety and expectation of all in the yard, even down to the navvies at the crabs, seemed wrought to the hightest pitch; not a word was spoken, and not a person moved. All seemed absorbed in watching tho tremendous experiment going forward, so that literally for a few minutes the suspenee was almost painful. The gangs at the pumps worked with a will, but the handles went down more slowly, and the pressure was evidently becoming felt. A few minutes more and the sharp loud reports of beams of timber yielding and straining under tremendous pressure became more and more frequent. Everyone imagined that the vessel her. self was yielding, but this was mere fancy, az, after a few moments, it became evident to all near the rams that it was the piling against which they rested that was giving. Nevertheless, the strain was kept on, bncreasing with every stroke of the lever, and the huge beams, cross beams, and supports groaned and strained and bent, moving visibly about like a huge piece of wickerwork. All this while tho foremost cradle never showed a sign of yielding, or moved even to a hair's breadth. At last the supports of the rams gave way so much that it became necessary to assist them by hauling in the tackle which pulled the vessel towards the river, but even these gave so little relief tha-t at last one of the celroe piles broke, and some others "sprung" so badly that it became imperatively necessary to abandon the attempt. Almost at the same moment one of the large 3-Inch mooring chains, securing the double sheaves which hauled upon the stem of the vessel, parted somewhere or other in the river, so that even had the piling been capable of Immediate repair and strengthening the latter accident alone was suflicient to put a stop to further efforts. Hardly had the orders been received to discontinue the attempt when the men were all at ful work again to repair the causes which had led to the failure. Gaugs of 100 " navvles " or so carried down huge pile-driving machines, which in an hour were erected and at work, driving in fresh piles behind those which bad yieldea. These men will work night and day if necessary, so that in a few days at most all will be ready again for another effort. The supports for the rams will now be made of inmmonsestrength, not only by a great addition of new piles, but by the whole mass being bolted together with iron tie-rods, and again secured in the same manner to the launching ways themselves. Thus strengthened, it will become quite a mechanical impossibility that they should yield under any pressure which the dead weight and friction of the whole vessel can offer, When w e say that repairing the mooring chain, and having that gear ready, is inl Captain Harison's departmen t, we have said quite enough to vouch for the certainty of thbat not being f~ound wanting on the nexct accasion, when we6 sincerely hope we shall have to announce that the Great EKastern is at last at the water'sf edge.
: I1JBLAND. (mom ouB OWN Oo08rPOlmDXTI.) DUBLIN, THuEsDAY MORNING. THE RUN ON THED COUNTRY BANKS. The Cork 1?epter maintaims contrary to general bellef, that aothing deserving the name of a ram had occurred as far as regarded the banks of thit city. Upon the minutedt inquiry the RBpster can only find the following instances of even the taint of auspicion having Infected the popular mind:- "A tenant whose arrear of rent had been hoelesly longed for presented hlmself smilingly to his lan d to pay him- he thumbed down the notes, and got his receipt. ho .servant lstting him out declaed that ' it wa a sdgn before death ' to see him doing such a thing. 'Is it?' says Mike with a grin, ' thoere' recept, and the bank Is broke, and ther best tg ou can do Is to advlsethe masterto give what he got to a charlty before 'ths found out.' The other case ls equally authentic. A farmer came into the Provr's cla here for some hundred pounds, tholhard saving of ers, and having been wating since cock-crow to be first in, he made hsois run' for gold, and was snuprised to findthe teller so unconcerned, 'telling' away the precious coin with that sedate air peculiar to bank clerks, who always look as grave and wie as Sphinxes 'passionless, amileless and unadorned.' When he had got his tale correct the offical stll continued to give him some sovereigns in addition. ' hat's this for?' says the honest man. ' For your interest,' the clerk replied. "Tis surely for may interest, hot are you sur you're not gvn me what belongs to them that wants it theaselveso f1''ake ,our Interest, my good man,' the clerk sad; 'it nas been lying here or you this long time.' '01 murther,' ejaculated the dmple man, 'and that's what Coun. sellor Deasy was at asking me for my 'vote and Interest.' I gave himr my vote with a heart and a half, but 'twas the wlll of Heaven I wa besd by the mlsthls to run on the bank to be beforehand with .him, or I never would hbae seen a sight of my interest.' These are the most serious in. staces whlich we have learned of the banks being. supecte and we hope we may not be lookeduponasalarmsb f or glv. ing them to the world. The tone of our commercil credit In the stability of firms here is just as healthful as that of the banks. Of course suspensions of business wil occur at all times, but we warn the public not to receive every aue and monstrous exaggeration of liabilities which are reck. lessly circulated without any consideration of the impro. priety of making such statements, which, if believed m1ght do great hurt, and, being so loose aud unauthorl;ed cannot do good to any one We:are perfectly warranted In say. ing that our business firms are standing the enonnous pressur which hes so -weighed down the prince merchants in the Old World and the New with aa tabilitythat perfectly insures their solvency and their safety." The accounts from LImeriek of yesterday's date Btate that the monetary panie had totally subsided, and that after a three days' run for gold on the local banks, which was promptly met, the farming classes had seen the folly of their own act COMEUNICATrON BETWEEN LONDON AND DUBLIN. In the report read yesterday at the half-yearly meeting of the City of Dublin Steampaelket Company the follownmg passages occur In reference to the promised improvement In the passage and pasenger communicatlon between London and Dublin vi4 Holyhead - "There are to be two mails dsily-one in the morngn, and one in the evening-in ech directon; the morning departure from London to be half-past 7 and from Eing stown 7 o'clock; the night departure from London half-pas 8, and from Kingetown hal-past 7. The entire ditanee to be accomplished in 11 hours as a maximum, sabject to the penaty of 34s. for each minute's delay; but sach penalty not to be inourred for fogs or other causes certified as beond the control of the companies. Four large packets, at least 300 feet in length, and with 600 horses power each, to be built for the service. Special exprese trains for the lIish malls and passenger traffic to run between Holyhead and London in connexion with these packets. The contract to be for 14 years from its commencement, which is to take place within two years, subject to a power of Government of putting an end to it after the first five years, If they have reason to be dissatisfied with the mnanner in which it is generally performed, In which case they will purchase the ships at cost price. The revenue of the aew sea service, including passenger receipts, will commence at 1200001. a-year, and half of the increase of the future traffio to be. long to the company; the other half to go in reduction of the contract payment. "The directors are aware of but two drawbacks to the satisfaction which the announcement of the improved service wfill produce in the public mind. The first is the very early hour which has boeen apnointed by the Post-office, lely with reference to the exigences of that department, for the morning departures from Kingtowvn and from London, The board of the London and North-Western Company were so much impressed with the desire to provide for the, convenience of the travelling public that they have engaged to reduce their charge for running the special trains 10,0001. annually, provided the times of the morning departures be made an hour later-that is 8 o'cock from g- ston, instead of 7, and half-past 8 from London, instead of half-past 7. This very large reduction it may be hoped will Induce the Post-office authorities to entertain more favourably the desire for such a change. " The second matter, as causing some degree of disappolntment, was the announcement in the House of Commons that the new service would not commence for two years. The directors of the company have communicated to Government that they will be quite prepared with the new vessels early in the summer of 1859, so that if the temporary landing pier at Holyhead is ready by that time for use the arrangements may then-be commenced; andtheyhave further communicated that in the meantime some very considerable measure of improvement for the accommodation of the publio could be adopted pending the completion of arrangements for the new service. The directors report concludes by recommending the payment of a dividend of 24 per tent. free of income-tax out of the profits of the half-year, after the allocation of 1 per cent. on the paid-up capital, as required by the company's Act of Parliament, and whichhas been invested in Government stock." nBRUTAL AURDRI. The Cork Baminercontains the following account of a terrible murder committed in the neighbourhood of Macroom:- " The victim was a farmer named Sulivan, residing in a place called Classis. As is the case in almost all SUch out. rages committed in this country, it had its origin In drinking. The deceased, it appears, who was a young man in the prime and vigour of life, attended the fair at Macroom, which came off on the 12th of this mouth. Whilo drinking there in a publichouse some warm words pasmed between him and the male members of a family named Downey who reside in Farren, but while they remained in the hoase, however, the dispute prcoeeded no further than words. In the evening SuUivan was proceeding home, in company with a lad who had been in his service, when, near the bridge of Macroom, he was attacked by a number of men, who encircled him, and beat him to such a degree that his brains protruded from the side of his head. The boy by whom he was accompanied fled at the commencement of the attack, and informed the pollce of Macroom of the occurrence. They immediately preceeded to the place where the unhappy man lay and conveyed him into town. The assistance of a medical gentleman was Immediately obtained, but no effort could save hig life, and after a short time he expired, The hands of the deceased were torn and braised, no doubt in his endeavours to ward off the blows directed at his head. In consequence of the altercation which the deceased had had with the Downeys in the early part of the day on which he was attacked they are suspected of having been the parties who attacked him and warrants have, wie underetanm, been iss;ed for their arrest. Scp to the present, however, the police have not succeeded nu effecting a capture. It is stated that about 12 months ato the Downeys end deceased had sorne variance at the fair of CarrigaliDe.' Three nor Cent. Consols, 554; ditto, for account, DeGsmber 8, 884 4; New Three per Cent. Stock, 884 44, ditto, for account, December 8,88RI Bank Sto-k 23i4 Hibernian Bank (251. paid), 38; National Bank of ireland (251. paid) a3;s RoyalBank of Ireland (101. paid), 20i, Consumers' Gas Company (7i. paid), 74; Generai MIninig Company of Ireland (1. 10s. &l. d) ll4$Mining Company of Ireland (71. paid), 144 15. waLys.- nbullnand Belfast Junction (504. paid), for account, 41; Great Southern and Westemn Stock 1004., 7; ditto 4 per cent. p reference (paid in full), 204., 174 4 ; Irish South-Eastern (121. paid), 74; Midland Great Western and itoyal Canal (501. paid), 47J; dittoHlfAU Shares (251. paid), 234; Waterford atendKnlenny (201. paid), 3; ditto New, 6 per cent preference (51. paid), 241.
hIADEIBA QUABANTIyrR. TO TUB EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-It is not surprising that the people of MWadeira, snarting under the remembrance that the dreadful visitation of cholera from which they suffered In 1856 was caused by an inconsiderate transmission of troops from Lisbon, should vehemently demand the enforcement of the quarantine laws or something more to guard themselves against the fever which is desolating that city. But it is just ground of complaint that these laws, v exatious in themselves, should be enforced In the most vexatious manner. I learn from a letter, dated from the Lazaretto at Funchal, that nearly 60 persons were orammed into a house not fit to accommodate more than 20; that the term of quarantine was arblitrarily doubled; that, though the walls of the Lazaretto run down on both sides to the edge of the sea, the inmates were at first debarred from the beach altogether; that no articles of any kind were admitted into the Lazaretto except at fixed hours, though there was a guard alwrays on the spot; that in consequence the Inmates were left for the whole of one evening and night without water, and without milk for two nights, though both the water and the milk were lying at the g.cte from 4 p.m. tiU 9 a.m.; that one of the inmates who landed in a dying state prayed in vain for water to cool his parched mouth, and actuaUy died without obtaining it ; that no one was allowed to hold converse with the inmates, ttanding 40 feet outside the wall, except at certain hours, tome of wbich were at midday, when It was too hot to move; and thatconsequently persons who came from long distances to see their friends were sent baek by the guard according to orders received. I think it well that petty tyranny of this kind should be exposed, especily when inf'icted by the officers of our ancient ally, the King of Portugal. I enclose my card, and,remain, Sir, Your obedient servant, L. -ov. 13.
-THE LATE MB. A UGUSTUS STAFFORD. I I iI, An dum ext ' rmai of this lamanted geAtilman was h:2ozt1 :"'4s'-11y at- lorrison's Hotel by Mr. J. B. Jyndain, - city oron&r. A lg number ofg gntlemen attended durlng Uhe day as witnwmscs and otherwise. - Mr .BlAks~ Q.C., with Mr. A. R. Todld, appeared on behalf of the ext of kin. Dr- GrUl of lAmirlok, who had been In medical attendancen upnthe ee wag likewise present, bat had no com'cigon hib behalf. The Coroner, In reply to an application by 3r. Blake, id It w*e not usual at inquet for counsel to make any ope:nig statement but.upon the present occasion he hd no bjection to allow that course to be adopted. Mr. Blake, Q.Q., then id he had merely to tell the jurywhyit wAsthat he apeared for the next of kin. Hav2n seen the remains of the lamented geneman, they knew the obict tfor which they were assembled. lia death had naturally been& asource of Ver7great pe3M to hig family, and, under gte ci thstanceh, they had thou at it right that a funlinqus should take plac Into t e circumstances attendingwhsdebease, They had,no deisir to involve or Implicat hnye adr hbeyondwhatthefcts warrantted butitwas the desire o the a famly that the public ahould Ate an opportunity of knowing the premie circumlstances connected ith the illness andc dath of Mr. Stafford, and with the treatment which he a remived. Ht would. only say a that If the mnedical mazn in attendance upon any invalid exhibited rom. gnoanc or was guilty of ill-treatment, he would be i ble to A prosecutio, and ihat iht as far as to ingolve himn In a criminalpoeutn.T na of the deoeased, however, had no desire to a n h rseof prom ceefdg againt any o er s tons nfltendance uepon Mr. Stafford unless hea ou war h ts or uless they should be fortified by the vrd of th eu it Case felt themselves ju in a iv ta vef dit. Under these ircumstan he a on behaln he ned hQf kin to condct ethe ae n.olyi ul n arybfr the jury, and withi that objet he Stdfforexam ine o ons who and been abouthe deceaTed a t Cratld e eissn the medirClen bw h a at tended he when ast he came to Dubs or anyother peron who could throwlight upon thecae The firas witnet called WaS somaol'toagfrteaff who WaS examined by Mr. Blake.-He deposed that he had been for 23i eainr L employment of the dreeasEd as traveng aer-' vant, About a mnonth ago Mr. SfAfford arrived at Oratloe In ver good health. About the 4th of Novemaber, at 3 'coc befin the afternoon, he oinplained of a pain in the lower part of the stomac, and said he feared that "nasty old pamn he had had before was returning - this pain he. had flst awout 12 months ago, and again in ne course of the at ummer. Ona the former occason he was ill about an hour aned a-half or two hour, and -when he was aa matkerd in the summer the pain only lasted about ha aN hour. On November 4, when he found thepancn tinuing up to 5 o'clock, end that be 'was gradualhoy haettng worse, he set witness for Dr. Grin to Limeack from which Cratloe Is distant about five miles. Witness then left Cratloe and went to Dr. Griffin. He saw the doctor and informed him of what his mastr's finess was, and returned to Cretloe. Dr. Griffin arrived at 'Cratice at half-pat hi o'clock. When witnes left to go for the doctonrgecesed w u In bed, On his return he found hin still there, but sufferin much more than he did at 5 o'clock. Whble Dr. Griffin remrlned with Mr. Stafford witness wat constantly in and outaof the room. The doctor left Cratloe betweeniand 9 o'clock During the time he remained at Cratloe he did not leave r. Stafford's room. He gave. de, ceased two bottles, as twitness bells ' before he bled him. Having seen Dr. Cutler (who attended deceased in London when attacked in the same way) administer warma water to act as an emetic, witness gave some to Mr. Stafford, and succea eid n making his stomah sick previous to start.' Ing for Limaerick; thlin Dr. Grffi also gave warm water before the bottles, blt Is unable to say whether or not it made the stomach agai sieck. Witncs could not tell whether Dr. Griffin admainistered. any maore medicine than the two bottles. Deceased wa bled in about half en hour after the arrival of Dr. Griffin'at Cratloo; when Dz. Griffin was leaving he told witness that he had given his mastersomethingtomakehwamslep, andthathewohitbe quiet, hut desired him to look In and see how he ras getting on before ho went to bed. A short time before this Mer. Stafford had asked Dr. Griffin for some Iludanum to give him rest, end the latter replied that he had g[ven him some in the medicine which he had taken; aout 11 edo8k witness found his master sleeplng, and breath. Ing very heavily;, this was unusual, !or he 'WAS a very light sleeper, end was so easily awakened that the entrane ofe any person into the rooma was sufficient to roue him. Dr. Grm n had left witnaess a powder, which he desired him to mnix with a little a plae upon the tongue of deceased in the mnorning hewas alsno tots wine glassful from a bottle which the dOostor left, both this botte and the -powder were plced by witnes up the dressing-table of deceased at Cratloe-woods a week ago. The next timne witness saw deceased was about 2 'cldock the mornins, when he was stil sleeping heavily, and lying upon his back. His breathing was more heav thakn before. At 5 olock r. Stafford tapped at witnesss bedo m door, which closely adjoined bi own slee g apartment, aud said, thrMy arm is bleeding; get UP." Witness got up and fol. lowedh am with an lghteodscndl up he baned tho cut and stoppedl the blee f he bed to have been soiled by the blood, sd to g to is (wit. ness's) bed. T his h. nes gth cated u other servants, and desired thetm to g lom now his having been procured, witnew returnd conther and found his master again sleeping; he aaee i ogv him the mf l wl whe the milk was being procuhed witnes desired the slad steward to go at oncetfothe dout 1t was very difficult to awaken deeasmedwhn tnes was about to give him the mwrk. He appeared ten ob ve hea and shaky in his conrversamtion. Witne ased him whetler he should ed fr, th doctor,hut hensaid he thoug bt he did not require him. At this time the doctor hadhe sent for. Dr. Griffin arrived at Cratleo between 7 and 8 o'cbeik,and onseein aed he shoul a t o o'cloek ~ ~ Lt ith om g dni eteen8aud.h sho'eldoek atnceh get out of bed. The la rdemurred tD his, ad ased to be left there. The doctor, with the assistance of witness Lad a working man, had to drag him out of bed, not that he offered any resistancedmore than evincing a strong In clination to lean bak, hut that he was so heavy as not to be able to render himself any assistance; the head drooped ve m h, and notwithstanding that witnessby the doc tMr.s dictiaons, kept deceasd walking up and down for r qluarter of an hour, he could only be kept awake for a mioment or so by repeated shaidngs. He could seak two wordg quite sensibly, iut before he had time to ariculate a third hesa asleep. Whenitwas fond tobeimposible to keep hi awake any longer by walkingfhim, he was placed upon aohair and afterwards upon the d, for the purpose OF g the soles of his feet beaten to keep him awake. Dr. Griffin beat his feet with a razor-strop for 20 minutes, until his hands got blistered and he could not strike sufficiently heavily to keep deceased wake. har. Stafford would occasionally awaken, open his eyes, look around hiim, and then fall off to sleep again ; witness followed the doctor, and continued beating the feet unti the razor strop broke. Thoe had then to get the carenter to make some smnall battlfedores, about 18 inches long by 4 inches broad, and half-an-inch thick; the beating on the soles of the feet was proceeded with until a dozen of these articles were broken. He b as beaten on the feet until the skin blistered and came off; he used occasionaly, when struck very hard, to rouse himself for a second, but always fell off again; he was struck on the palms of the hands and the calves of the legs, hut ineffectualy. The beating was continued from about half-past 8 o'clock In the morning until between S and 9 o'clock at night. Atonetimeth eyhad notless hanie D imen on and off ena hagedtinuthe operatin hi beastiang whnthey let off beating he appeared morealivy aond aimiate than stwhen they began, and durb,uog thelast half -houroh wasmore easily awakened, and astoffdrosinss mre uccssfllythan at any earlier perio; hesomeimesrosefromhisohair, but soon fell backagan; wen he eatig cmmeced the feet appeared to hve teirnatual hat;whenthebeating ceased, and Mr. tafordwasawakned hewasput into bed by Dr. Grifin' diectons.Witessdidnotgive deceased the powder, or medicine which the doctor had left, and the latter said be was very fglad he hadl not given thissn. About the middle of the day Dr. Griffin called In the assistance of Dr. Wilkinson, of Limerick, who made hut one visit, of about two hours' duration-; on the essation of the baig and whenx Mr. Stafford had been put to bed, Dr. Grfnsnt for some medicine to Limerick ; the doctor remained during the night until 9 o'clock next morning; deceased was still heavy and inclined to sleep, end continued so until his death, -which took p lace at 20 minutes to 7 o'clock on Sunday evening last, He breathed and snored very hard, and -used occasionally to start up suddenly. On Tuesday, the 10th inst., deceased left Cratloc, and on te followinig day he came to Dublin ; for a couple of days previous to leaving Cratloe he expressed to witness a wish to be in Dublin for the sake of the medical advice which it afforded him an opportunity of obtabinig, aind especially mentioned his anxiety to see Surgeon Rynd. On two occasions Dr. Geary called atCratloewith Dr. Griffin. Prior to the day of the beating no doctor but Dr. Griffin had seen deceased; no other doctor was sent for, except Dr. Wilkinson, whoma Dr. Griffin had caled in. Dr. Geary only sahw Mr. Stafford in the dra-wing-room. Dr. Wilkinson desired the beating to be continued, saying at the samae time, " Beat him harder." Witness asked Dr. Wilkinson what he 'thought of his master, and whether it was the loss of blood hadl thrown him into that state ; the latter said, " Oh, no; the loss of blood would only make him wealc, but he has got an overdose of laudainum." Dr. Griffin was not in the room at this time, and witness desired to get the oPiuion of a second doctor before Dr. Griffin return-ed. All that he observed Dr. Wilkinson do was to put a bottle of sal volatile to the deceased's nose, and apply a little of it with his finger to the upper lip. After the beating had conttiued for three hours, Mr. Stafford's arm began againto bleed; during the urogress of the beating Doctor Giriffiln several times told witness that if Mr. Stafford was allowed to sleep half-an hour he would never open his eyes again. Deceased said repeatedly that Dr. Griffin ought to be ashamed of himself for administering such a quantity of laudanum; he also said that if Dr. Griffin "wero not licensed, he would be transported." To witness's knowledge Mr. Stafford dld not speak about the laudanum to Dr. Griffin. Witness asked Dr. Griffin whether he thought going out in the air would injure Mr. Stafford; the doctor said he was of opinion It would do him good, and to drive himself if he could. Deceased and witness arrived In Dublin at a little after 4 o'clock on Wednesday and drove at once to the hotel. He wrote immediately to Mr. Rynd, but he being in the country, he sent for Sir Henry Marsh. On the night that Mr. Stafford Srrived in Ilmerick he was seen at CrulsWs hotel by Drm Griffin and Geary, who met at the hoteL In reply to questions from jurors, the witness said that on the ocecsions of the two previoua attacks deceased did not breathe orsnore heavily. Dr. Wilkinson did not sayw ho it was that had given the overdose of laudanum, but witness knew there was no other person to give it except Dr. Grin Never knew Ar. Stafford to tako laudanum of himself, and never saw any in the houe. Surgeon Rynd was next examined.-He deposed as follows :-I have a letter I received from Dr.Griffln concerning the treatmnent hbehad prescribed for Mr. Stafford at Cratloe. I produce that letter by permission of Dr. Griffin. (The letter was put in evidenoe, but was not read at this stage.A Sir Henry Marsh examined.-I am a phydslb, I wa raqalntea with Mr, Stafford and. preod for him along tiae ago tleo deoeasid reminded me'of the fo t attend onuh, mthis ocaaIo , ipon th by p,tWed. neda W, frs ateiddhim; sw him ALdt7lo o~ hateveing Iwas the first nodfelmntatitne lin aterhi arivl.I'saw hirnin.ti omhwap buf Secarstate of etheme deiij;a hemmn baaeee 13th oiovsember. ha . herdbeeinatte e, t Trmthe cox=tentx oP tbat let ]ter, d rnoity2ae maiucation to h e, as wcnry an frwards from the ofte wmorhic exeivnatronm I havG a What lette t toe niolent and agonizting paiomplndo nh original attack airose from 8all sbone I suspeeted.it during the life t;pmermiSa o f ffrd, b rt in to proof of H it unt the pod mhiset ScnrataOn. I as not preeetat; the wahole of kdlt, butet ta otp sufficient t bat optiion. o a Th gall rtones here nt the bladtler,ette and rto tbis tonat om bad commenoed to get iwlt taot h hdue,and csusedthe .gat pain If attending a patient I o cold goinerthy formia tmaon ahether his gillness arse f -stones gor teft. ordinarminedicd min waould pe able to form l opinion of that nature. It is riiet to state that oneo symptom gf 'FIl-stontes was wrantinig. Tb'e deceased wras not jaundiced. at os wnerily the clade., aI have eenexeption, bi t they ahe rad c omit m the appearance of jaundice is ery ancerptain. if mattbendn at ptienter oulstad ieneraly form anfo soini t hetheit hersillnesscrcoose thefrviolel-t poine osua nwithin aore Bon aftemtbe dauct is obstruted, brat It may o e lofnghat nuatur.dI is rihtet ustat eoy thtm one gylptomeof IT hact is i then sheet nchor. hrom the letter-onf Gziffin I judge that Mlr. Sitafford waastreated for excessive- a;_onizln2 pain. Whatever might have been the o ausnie is oeri ncrtas; I1tmba bleat Jtheeronoteetnd sito may nowiliefor Pe) tmediat. eIf tner coupeaiensthad been gall-tones Dru l o Itn. -dea om trestheuult rwo eld yhavo cbeen torrfat; of In factit isath sheet anchral. Trmhe efeterof Grieffin I thep finst InsWtne t h Ee epnrting heb ctaut es awa w w Cxtur of ubalable ,Itis notl. or hesnc e and other bO drops of ewch, is'a fall dos; bt it deed poh the apndent o- paon. I te c lie st;omach be gl ema oes b cor emetisayhld increrle the effectof thedose. a eenbane IS a narcotin as well as lauddsngj but differnt in ites mod mof operaelon. Laudanium is thea more pwerfnb beant ther, varlpce of prepacation ofh oseyanus isso dreatptdat Icoui not form an opinion upon the proportion, Ether is a spasmodic rather than a narcotic'*- second dose similar to the first in all respects, and a third dose resembling the other two with the exception of the ether, I should consider a very large quantity to be administered within two hour uaness the p ain were excessive. Nothing else could justify iti Ishould condder that -thepaii should be such as to en. danger life to justify the giving of euch a 9uantity, but excessivegain long continued does endanger life. Mr. Ilake.-Assumlng that a patient wero suffering from the effects of gall-stone from 3 o'dock until half-past 6 should you consider that to juttify the exhibition of so muc'h narcotic within that interval? Witness.-I could not form an opinion, not having been present at the case; it would depend altogether on the intnsiy o I e pin.. I could scacely conceeive thaLt any circumstances wrould jastify the giving of a fourth dose simlar in aantity within two hours. Circumstanoes might possibly itify theexhibition of 150 drops of laudanum, 150 of isenbane, and 100 of ether;. but the four doses, making together 200 drops of laudanums. 200 of henbane, and400 of either, given witblnfourhours, I can scaroely concehveany circumstancesatojusi. There are some persons so strong andso vigorous that they wll take a much larger dose; but to a person unaccaustomed to laudauinm I should cons?der the quantity excessive. rz. Blake.-A party having again emptied the stomach by vomiting, and having taken either the three or four doses, as it may be, should you consider it correct treatment to bave him blooded copiously? Witness.-There, again, I must say a great deal depends aipon the intensity of the pain; unless that were excessive I s ould not consider it correct treatrent. I should consider 30 ounces of blood under sach circumstances a lar'e bleeding. It is sometimes sought to produce faining, in cases oG extreme pAin, to alleviate suffering and render the other remedies-sach as laudamuia and henbane-more effective. In my judgment, bleeding would tend to increase the narcotic powers of these medicines on the constitution ; but there are cases of very violent bleeding, where opium given in larg6quantitieshas not that effect, and where laudanum m beglventinfulldosewithoautalchievo0 resulta. Icannot:cal to memory any case of hemorrhage in which the quantities of narcotic medicine that have been mentioned were given to subdue intense pain, but I have seen other cases of excessive pain, and of dc2nifun tremcns, In which the same amosint was administered. The cases of hemorrhage I alluded to vwere cases of parturition, which I only know from hearsay, as it is not any part of my own treatment. I have exibited laudanumin large quantities, but I cannot say to what precise ex-tent. Mr. Blake.-After a bleeding of 30 ounces;, and after a patient had taken 150 drops of ludanum and 150 drhos of enbane, should you consider that a further dose of 50 dps of lauaanum and 50 drops of henbane might be safely administered within four hours ? Witness.-I will not say it was wrong practice, but it you ask my own opinion I would not do it mnyself. lTothing could justify it but thea most intense pain. Of course it would be a fortioi if a person bad previously got 200 drops of each. Mr. Blake.-From the letter of Dr. Grifin and your per. sonal knowledge of the case, would you say that narcotic mediine contributed to the death of Mr. Stafford? Witness.-My own impression is that he had recovered from the effects of the narcotic medicine whien I saw him, and save so far as it debilitated him it did not contribute to his death. Bleeding and narcotic medicines unquestionably did debilitate him. It is my opinion that that debility did contribute to his death, but if he had had a perfectly strong sound heart he would have recovered it alL I would say extreme inanition or debility was the cause of his death. After frequent examinations I discovered that the action of the heart was extremely feeble, and also that of his pulse ; the origin of that debility I believe to have been from a soft, weak, fatty heart, and thinness of the blood. I judge from the effeotsof thepost mortemexamination, but lentertained the opinion that his heart was weak and soft. The debilityof his healt was instrumental In causing his death, and another cause I believe to have been thatfor about 3Shours there was an almost total suppression of urine. Instruments ascertained that the bladder was empty, but he was relieved by diuretics. I think the state of his kidneys had a share in his death. The opium and bleeding would not produce tho soft weak state of the heart which existed previously, but opium and bleeding could not be borne so well by one whose heart was in that condition. The state of the heart could not be clearly ascertained during the time that the remedies were being administered. I have known opiumL to Droduce suppression, but I have not known it to produce the coadition which I have ascertained this to be in upon testing, containing albumen. From the letter that I got from Dr. Griffin I would not say there was a mistake in the treatment. It appeared to me to be very strong, but I would not form an ouinlon of its necessity in a case in which I was not present. I continued to attend him until his death. I would consider the circumstances of his stertorous breathing during the night, and the necessity of flogging the soles of Mr. Stafford's feet to arouse him from lethargy during the whole of the next day, as decided evidences of his having been completely narcotized, and the use of opium to, I vould say, a dangerous extent. To a Juror.-Tbe respiring of the wound and the secondary bleeding, superadded to the other causes, had a powerful imfluence in the production of the extreme debility which I witnessed, and of increasing the ultimate danger. In my opinion that second bleediog was very instrumental in bringing about the fatal result. Mr. George Porter examined.-I yesterday made avery careful post mortem examination of the body of the late Mr. Stafford, assistedby Professor Robert Smith; Sir H. Marsh was present for a few moments, aud after seeing the heart he went away; Mr. Cusack and Mr. Rynd were also present for n short time. I took notes of the result of the post momtent and now produce them:- " The only external mnars of violence on tbo body were a slight abrasion of the left leg, and the incision of the operation for venetection performed on the risht arm. Signs of deconpeostion were wellmasrked on the upper past of the eckest and arnis, which had a gseenibLsappearince; the vtins In this ituation looked dark, and contalnel a 1 liver well masked on Crostenir sr.pect of the hody: pupilsofmees natural in size; some of the sucetial veins ot forehead were somewhat distended. On opening the thborx I found the Iomns healthy, wish the exoePtIon of a few old adbesion, of the ri ht pleura; both siddeseflthbeshest contained kbout five ounoa of blo$ sesum; the rreast was larger than naturaL very soft, and felt emphysemaatonz; lIt rarzetes greatly thinned, and its substnuce easly torn; lt coutained very little blood, and a fibrbnous clot lay in the right venitricle. There was a large quantity of fat on the ringt side of the heart, and on plaing ,it in a bawin of water It floated. On thef font oftohe trachea, about the biaoratlon, a tumour was found about tbe size of a walnut; it oonsisted of a cyst oontaining a soft wbite substanee re2embling putty. On opening the abdomen alaner of fat was divided an l^e thick ; the cavitl containd asmal quntit ofblooy rum:theliver was larger thau natur a, and twro tuher-cie°s were° °XotnedUdevtelpeedl n It; 'thegl bladder i onutained numerous hihlary calculi; the stomtach a little field, and was rapidly undergoing decompositUon: the kidneys were somewhat larger than natural; the bladder was nearly esptY; thelotestines generall4 apeased normal. On examining the head fI ound some light surabssenold effusion, hut no congestion o^ the membranes or substance or the bainD. On en~tlng into the brlin ecareLiu ^ drop ot hlood asvimsiblbe. and Itt ventricles contained no serum : at the base. about the or lgl or n4thoofcoynxe hr ba oeFih un of the veMele, but not to any considerable oxtent." From the result of the post mortern examination I would say he died of fatty degeneration of the heart. I think the loss of even a small quantity of blood would be highly injurious and dangerous to a man affected with fatty degeneration of the heart. I think the administration of anynarcotics would be highly injurious, and would weaken the action of the heart; the larger the quantity of the doses the greater the effoot would necessarily be. I think to reduce a tient suffering from such affection of the heart by the adminis. tration of any narcotic to such a state that it would be neceasary to flog the soles of the feet to keep him awake would be highly lnjurlous. Aman labouring under that disease would be more easily affected by a narcotic than a man with a he*lthy heart, To a Juror.-I do not think the beating of the soles of the feet conduced in any degree to the debility spoken of by Sir H. Marsh as the cause of death. I think to a mxan oom. uletely narcotized it was absolutely nee6sry, I do not believe that to any phydaiasn or surgeon, however aocomNplshed, it Is poasigle to discover the existenco of fxtty degeneration o the heart in the early stages; in other words, thatbe might fail to discover its exlsence, notwithstanauni the raost careful examination. My opinion is that the e.- cesdve pain described was produced by the gall stones; there were l9 in the bladder, but none in the duct. Dr. Robert Smith Professor of Surgery in the 'University, deposed as fohlows:-I assisted Surgeon Porterinthe plt mor-te examination, and concur with him in his stte. ment. I concur perfectly with him as to the state of the heart, It was far advanced in disease, and I have edeath reselt from that cause in cases where the heart was not nearly so far advanced in fatty degeneration. That diseae is very slow in its progress. The heart of the deceased could not have beeln in a sound sta-te a fortimght or thre weeks previous to his death. The her of deceaed h been going on in that state prohbly for years. I think it quite p bslhle that a competent medlcal man ma}inga care fulQ mSittlon ot M. Staford dolng liffe m'ht h l culpable ofeslgittor ae.oin X roieeen, to j;,vediscovered tha -x ma -e tha atydogecetion Theft w i otbeg d of A hrbI owryedn By Mr. Bae.-In my onion th fatty dp=OrAtbil wastheimmediate awjothls death, Bleedlng, w in. tentional or aocodeutoalwouX be calculated to agpravatovry much the debility atteudant on tha$ die" and to hasten death. The second bleedin, i my opinion, increased the debilysadimpededthe'art'aetlo. * ' ' To 'aJWror.-The violent pain from the gall-siones would Incre tho4ebilty, anaddooneuently impedethe action.bf the hearf, -bt ould nothamve ihe effect of increasig the diseaze. . To Mr. Blake.-The preeeo of very vloleiit paln not In the region of the heart would tend very much toprventthe dicovety of the disease of the keart. -- The B5ghtHon HenryArthur Herbert,)LP.,Chief Stos tary forireland, examlned.-I was a very intimate frend for many Yaxof thelate Mr. Stafford, and visited bin daily during-hisrecent illness inDblin. On thefirstday Ihda conversation with him upon the origin of his illnees. He wax not fit to converse on the subject upon any other day. ' On last Thursday, about 12 oclock, Ireceived a letterfromhim, in which he stated that he had been dangerously ill, and tht it wm doubtful whether he would ever recover, aud in whLich heakcedine to cpeomeadseebhim. WhenlIarrived liewax lying on a cbAir in this room} with his feet on another chair. Hisservant wasdre dngthesolosof hifeet. Thefirstsound that I heard was a groon of pain by bis servant apparently touchig his foot. I wras much &hooked with his appearanco, and of course immediately asked him what was the matter. He told me that he had been ill at Cratloe, and had received an overdose of laudanum from Dr. Griffin. He also decrbed the agonies heha ufferedduring thetreatment. Before long itw&asevidentthat theeffort ofspeakilng was to-o mpchi for him, and I said be had better postpone telling n mthpest. Hethien sad, "hEck will tel o all (meaninghi servant, andhlsservant thentoldmethe tr only not so much in detal as he has related here to-day e alluded to the subject himself aftsr that, and was certiy convinced that the cause of his death the treatment t which he had been sub'ected, I was obliged to leave hm but thought him so A. that I told his servant to sendfor mee at any hour of the day or,night it heshldetor. I atw himutweoe in etch day, but the effor'ofpa; steme sonful tohlm that I didnotencoursgehimto tedl nme anything more, escept that I ascertainedl the fat troni him thathe had taken no medicine, except from the hands fDr. Griffi I attended him to the ls, and was present upo Sudayevnin whn e ded.I an p hrowhenever my official duties permitted.P To Mr. Blake.-He gave me to understand that he had suffered very acutely from the pain of the disease, buthe alluded more particularly to the pain of the beating. I heard Sir H. Marsh state that he gave me a letter written to himself by Dr. Griffin. Icopied part ofitandmysecgetary copi the remainderin mypresence. In orderto esplaln this circumnstance I mnst tell yoa that Dr. Todd, who was unremitting in his attention to Mr. Stafford, hzd written to Dr' Grilffin to send upa statement of his treatment to Sir Henry Marsh. On Sunday afternoon, seeing Mr. Stafford getting vorse, and knowing that the impression on his mind was that he had been reduced to the condition he was in by the treatment he had received at Cratloe, I thought that it would be desirable for all parties that an inquiry should talke place aB to the nause of his death, inzith event of his not surviving. I asked Sir H. Marsh for Dr. Griffin's letter, which he promised to give me; Dr. Toddwas accidentally absent at the actual ptriod of Mr. Stafford's decease. When Mr. Stafford was dead, Sir H. Marsh aid to me, "Ipromisedyou Dr.Griffin'sletter,butupon conider.- tion I do not think I can give it without his consent." I - pliedthat, as the only friend of the deceased, I demanded the etter, and that it was for him to say whether he would give it meornot. Heoffered to showrit tome inprivate,hutIrepld that 1would not seelt unle6s Igotitw1th thedLstinctun.der stand?Dg that I was to make any u I apleased of It ; a long discussion ensued, duringwhich Sir H Marsh said tome, "II have no doubt a mistake,o as beenmade, but as yourevident object Is to askeuse of that letter, I cannot give it up with. out Dr. Griffin's consent," Mr. Rynd supported Sir Henry in thoviewof wbhat he ought to do, and we parted, SirEHMarsh propining to telegraph to Dr. Griffin for his consent to give up theletter; on Monday morningMr. RobertO'Brlexr a distant relative of Mr. Stafford, arrived, and I had some discussion with him as to the necessity of an Inquest. He considered one not necessary; I took a different view. In the afternoon of llonday Mir. O'Brien caUeid on me with Mr. Arthur. Both these gentlemen sBted that they did not consider an inquest ought to take place without the consent of Mr. Stafford's family, and asked me if I would take upon myself the responsibility of taking steps to procure an Inquest without that consent. told them I felt myself in a very painful positlon between my duty to my deceased friend and any fear of wounding the feelings of the family. I asked for some time to consider what course I should take, Mr. O'Brien havinl previously and again at that time offered to go to England to ascertain tho wishes of thr famnily. Mr. O'Brien left mv room and returned, bringing me back a letter of which thi is a copy (letter prodeoad), together with a telegraphic dee. patch-"telegram,"I belieie, is the word-to Sir H. Marsh with the words, as far as I cmn recoUect, "I have no objec. tion," before which the letter was copied unfortunately in the way that now appears by myself and Mr. Staunton ; about G o clock I returned to Mr. O'Brien, gave him baokthe origi. nal letter, and told him that I should do nothing until tbe wishes of the family had been ascertained. Yesterday I heard that an inquest had been ordered by you, I believe, Sir (to Mr. Hyndman), and shortly afterwards I received a telegram from Mr. Stafford's father, saying that he wished for the inquest, and requesting me to take the necessao y steps on the part of the amily. Mr. Hyndman.-I think it necessary to state that the holding of the inquest was not a voluntary proceeding on mny part. Mr. Blake.-I believe a communication was mnade to you, and yoU could not avoid acting upon it? Mr. Hyndman.-Yes; and it did not come even from an Inspector as usual, but from the Chief Becretary. I make this explanation, because tbe public might otherwise suppose that I had volanteered to do so. The Chief Secretary.-If you will allow me to give an opinion, I think what has taken place shows the advisability of having an inquest, Inasmuch as feeling the deepest regret for the loss of my friend, that regret has been, to a oertain extent, softened by the evidence t abas ben givent of his having been afflictyedhweitehiaffegecctiotnof the bheart.enofhi A dscussion ensued with reference to the reading of the letter written by Dr. Griffin. Dr. Griffin said he had not the smalest objection; on the conthrary, he would feel gratfied and obliged by having both The letters addressed to Sir H. Marsh and Dr. Rynd were then read at length; they contained a singularly minute and accurate description of the symptoms and treatment of the deceased, and in the opinion of those present established satisfactorily that every possible precaution had been taken by Dr. Griffin. At the request of Dr. Grlffin, Professor Smith was recaUed, and stated,-The interval of lhours between the giving of a fuU dose of laudanum and the manifestation of its narcotic effects is most unusuaL I think the only rational explanation that can be given of their ap. pearance in this case after so long an interval is the addi. tional loss ef blood consequent upon the accidental slipping of the bandage in the course of the night. Surgeon Porter further examined.-I agree with that opinion perfectly. Professor Smith to Mr. Blake.-I recoUect the evidenoe given by Mr. Stafford's servan- as to the heavy sleep and stertorous breathing of 'his master during the night after he had taken the medicine, and his having to shake him when he went in in the morning to give him the milk. All these symptoms are evidence of the effects of the narcotic. Having regard to these circumstances detailed in evidence, and to the fact that narcotics were given up to nearly 9 o'clock at night, I should say the narcotic effects were not Postponed for 1i hours, but they did not come on 'with full severits until after the bleeding was renewed. A person able to fee himself bleeding, get up, walic into another room, and give notice toea servant, could not at the time be dangerously Mr. Hyndiman then inquired whether Dr. Griffin had any evidence -which he was desirous to produce, or whether he wished himself to be examined ? Dr. Griffin said he wished merely to state that he could not charge himself with having acted rashly or improperly. He did not know how any mau could withhold relief from;a patient In excruciating agony, where the pain still continued, and where he stil cried oat for relief, the first dose notbeing effectual;he believed that any m3nin the samecircumstances that he waa in would have exercised the same discretion. Asthe juryhadbeen toldbySir H. rarsh,It was by the Intensity of the pain only that a man could judge of the remedies that were tobe apphed. Onyesterday (Tuesday) evening he got a telegram stating that an inquest vras tobe held. He had previously written to say that ho had not the least objection to his letters being placed in the hands of the Chief Secretary, and that the case should receive full inves. tigation. Upon learning that the inquest would be held that dayhe camse up bv the night mail, and he could only nOw say that if the coroner or any of the jury had any question to ask respecting the case he was quite willing to put himself under examination with the same freedom with which ho had delivered up the letters, and asked to have themu read. Mr. Eyndman then proceeded to charge the jury, and havlng briefly adverted to the evidence that had been given4 said,-I do not consider that Dr. Griffin can be held ac. countable for the death of Mr. Stafford unless he lgnorantly -with gross i'norance committed somo act or administered certain medicmes which were the Immediate cause of his death. It Is for you to Fay, after the evidence that hm been given by Professor Smith, Surgeon Porter, and Sir Henry Marh, whether, after the post m5orm examkination exhibiting the diseased state of this gentleman's heart, and considering that that disease had been In progress for many years, and that It Is one most difl;cult, and in Its earliest stages Surgeon Porter has said almost Impossible of diecovery,-whether under the excruciating agony that he was suffering which must of course have rendered discovery of the existing dsase still more difficult, Dr. Grffin did adopt a correct or inoorrect system of treatment under the clrcumstLnce If you should be of opinion that he did not do anything by mistake or through gss Ignorance, ch s a oo petent medical man In the exrcise of hiS disretion ought to avoid, it wil be rd o include ot inon in your verdict. There hat the Imm cause of death was the e5t d ebility onsequent upon the fatty degeneration of The ury unanimously agreed to the following verdict: - We find that the said Stafford Augustus O'Brien Stafford diod from natural causes, and that there is uo blame to be attached to Dr. Griflin for tho treatment which deo ceased recived while at Limeriek under his care." MNr. KemmL% the Crou Solicitor, nlcl be thought it onl right on the part of the authorities to say ehat th present Mrd bemms th ronuoiItr said thi ol hadeen just sach a cas aoalled for investgtion, and In which inquiry was most desirable, so much so that he had attended throughout the entire proceedins and had watched them ith grat anxiety. H e was happy to add that he had arrived, in-his own milnd, at the sam onclusion as the juryb but be had not done so ntU heha headh the evidenoc Throughe4procee from about half-pa5t 11 a,m, until T o'lcloc p.m
FOREIGN IWiET1LLIGEfNCL. -he fQUowing appahed in our second editior. of yeaisiday :-I FRA1NE. (rFOM oUR OwN QoRRX3oPnDZN.) PARS, WxDNE:SDAY, Nov. 18, 6 p.m. A telegraphic deepat from COnstantinople announces that, pursuant to instructions received from Paris, M. deThouvenel had coisotedto bereconciled with Redschid Pasha, and that the reconciliation rill tak;e place without the honour of either party bAfferlng in the least. A difference is said to have arisen between England and Turkey on the one hand, and Russia on the other, on the subject of the trade and navigation of the Black Sea. This difference threatened to assnume some importance, but it appears the French and Prussian Governments have interposed between the parties, and suggested that the solution should be left to the Congress. The return of the Emperor from Compibgne is fixed for Saturday or Sunday next. M. de Royer, the new Minister of Justice, took the oaths yesterday, in presence of the Emperor. The Minister of the Interior has addressed a confidential circular to the prefeets of departments, requesting of them an accurate account of the state of commerce and affairs in general in the localities withdintheir jurisdictions. It would appear that the prosecution commenced against certain money-changers by the Impaeral law officers has considerably checked the demand for gold at the Bank of France. To-day there were very few bauik-notes presented for payment. A detective has been stationed in the cash-office, who sharply surveys every person who enters, and sees what amount of goldbe demands. The following private telegram have been reetived * * 6' W~~~TRIN, Nov. iS. "To-day a scrwtiny took place into the returns of rvaious cadidates, two-thirds of which were decided in favour of Mlnlterialists. "The reason asigned for the elections being so closely contested Is that the clerical party was better organized than the Liberals. "l It is expected that there will be a strong minority in the Charber returned by the clergy, whilo there will be very few of the extreme Left. "BB1Rh'E, NTov. 17. " TheFederal Councilhas decidedthat itwill not appoint diplomatic or consalar agents in Turkey; ao that it will not treat with any Power for the purpose of plaing under ita protection the Swiss residing in the Turislh dominions., The Three per Cents. cloeed to-day at 67f. 1c. for the end of the monti, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f. 60c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,277f. 5Oc.; Great Northern, 877f. SOc. ; Strasburg, 632f. 50c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranlean, 8202.; Western of rancet, 640f.; Bordeaux anld Cette, 30f.; Great Central of France, 598f. 75c ; Lyons and Geneva, 6001.; Bank of Credlt: Mobilier, 752f.oc.; AustrianRailways, 655f.; Ioman Ralwrays, 47Sf.; Russian Railways, 495f. Cours A"Uinq-PAms, Nov. 18.--Vah PricesFour-and-a-H alf per Cents. (not reiburmable for 10 7ers), 90f. 45c. 50c. 35c. 30O. 20c.; Three per Cents., 66. 60c. 80c. 85c. 90o. 75o. 70c. 80c. 85c. 90c. 95a. 67f.; Bank of Frnce, 2,900f.; ditto (650t. paid), 2,900.; Gr6dit Fonler, 500f.; ditto, Obligtions of f001., Four per Cents., 422f. Wo. 420f. 425f.; ditto, Tenthsg Four per Cents., 83f .T6O. 85f. ditto, Three per Cents., 387f. 500.; Promissory Obligations of l,000f., Three per Cents., 925f.; (r6dit MobilUer, 7451. 747f. 60c. 742!. 60c. 740f. 750f. 755f. 757f. 60. - Disoount Bank, 655t. 660f.; Austrin Five per Cents., 88; Belgian Four. and-a-Hill per Cents., 95,: Rorans, 86w; -Spanish Deferred Converted, 24&; ditto, three per Cents., Exterior Debt. 40k; ditto, Interior, 36i 11w. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 25L. 37.; money, 251. 35o.; three months, paper, 241. 75e. ; money, 241. 70c. PRIUSSIA. (FRoM Oua oWN conEoMNDnTr.) BEltLIN, Nov. 17. The King is now strong enough to take longer drives than at first he was able to do, and to occupy hinself with the architectural plans and drawings for the further embelishment of Sans Souci It Is, perhaps, partly to this circumstance that may be ascribed his sudden determination to remain at that palace till the first fall of snow takes place, although the usual period has already passed when it has hitherto been his wont to leave there for the warmer palace in the town of Potadam. Sans Soucl is a small summer residence on the brow of a hill, some hundred feet above the level of tho surrounding country, and is peculiarly tiisultable even for persons in health to reside in during the latter portion of autumn or the commencement of winter. The Royal drives have of late been extended as far as Glienicke, the summer palace of Prince Carl, who has for some time past been confined to his house by indisposition. He will to-morrow be removed into town to his palace here, the cold weather that has just set in making any further residence in summer palaces undesirable. The Prince of Prussia wlln also take up his residence here to-day for the winter, and the Princess of Prussia, as well as her sister the Princess Carl, will arrive here tomorrow. Prince Frederick William will stay at our Court till the end of this month. The day that has been hitherto spoken of as fixed for the marriage was January 1 8, the anniversary of the elevation of Prussia into a kingdom; but it is to be hoped that, even should various eventualities, easily to be forezeen as probable, not render an alteration o' the day imperatively necessary, the decision now about to be made on this point may be in favour of a somewhat later day in the season. The palace that has been almost rebuilt for the young couple will not, although the building has been carried on with the greatest possible despatch (and throughout the greater part of this year the bricklayers have been kept at work till midnight), be ready for occupation till late in the summer. It is true that the apartments to be occupied oy the Princess Royal consist of that portion of the old palace which was too handsome and too commodious to require any alteration, and, consequently, cannot be included under the category of freshly-built rooms; but, nevertheless, the medical men who have been consulted on the subject have pointed out that the vicinity of so much brickwork which at the commencement of spring must be still damp would alone suffice to produce injurious effects on the health of the young couple; and that the rest of the palace, which is almost entirely new, would be perfectly uninbabitaible for the member s of the household, unless they should expose their health to almost certain injury The young Prince has therefore yielded to these representations, and it has been arranged that the bridal couple shall on their arrival at Berlin occupy the suite of apartments in the Royal Schloss known as King Frederick William the Second's apartments, and wbich the Prince and Princess of Prussia, and their daughter, the. Grand Duchess of Baden, with the Grand Duke, occupied as newly-married couples. The general efect produced upon the people here will certainly be much dianinished by the young couple not taking possession at once of their own palace, which is rapidly gaining in external beauty and importance, and is adrairably situated as the future cynosure of a nation'a hopes. One of the most attractive features of the ceremony of the bridal couple's entry into Berlin has already ,een strutck out from the programme, viz.-the groups of young girls who, according to ancient custora, were to receive the bride, themselves in bridal costume. The Prince of Prussia has expunged this from the future programme, to keep his owvn heart free from the responsibility of having exposed so many persons of tender age and constitution to the probable inclemency of a FXebruary day in Beroin. The Hlon. MIiss Seymour, sister of Clolonel Seymour, is the only J nglish lady of honour who will accompany the Princess Royal to this country. As I havementlonedbefore, theCountemsPerpoucher is to be Mistress of the Robes (Oberh0ofmisterinn), and the only other appointment that I have heard of is that of Countess Lynar, of a noble Silesian family, to be Lady In Waiting. The debates that took place in both Houses of Parliament last spring on the subject of the dowry to be voted to the Princess Royal have been trans- lated here by order of the Court, but whether for the purpose of forming the commencement of an archive for the future house of the young Prince, or merely to enable certain persons not conversant with English to read them, has not transpired. The building of the Geedenk- Jile, or commemorative saloon, in the new palace, In completed, and it remains now only to be decorated with works of art, a task which a committee of the most eminent persons of the industrlal and fine arts have taken upon themslves to execute, as a testimonial of their feelings towards the future ocupants of the palace. Subscriptios are being coleocted now from the clite of the population for this purpose. The city of Berlin intends to prsent the young Prince on hii mariage witlf a tAbles a vane, and two caadelabra (pVobalbly brauch candlesticks) of vsilter; they have been designed by a very eminent SculptQr, anld are now being modelled by very skilful hands, after which they will be submitted to the galvano-plastic proces. The Buxgermeiuters of the different lapge towns on the Rhine, zuch as Cologne, Coblentz, Dussecdorf, Batmen, Krefeld, and Treves, have also met together to consult as to what offering their towns cau collectively offer on this auspicious occasion. The committee that has beeni formed of the nobility, the representatives of the towns and of the rural communes. of Sileaia, have met in dehberation as to the best manner of expresing their feelings of affection and respect to the young Prince on occasion of his marriage, and have decided on founding a charitable 3nstitution of some ldnd, that shall be far removed from any nepotis or conneiion with any pricular class or interest. On occaion of the Pnce of Prussia's jublee at the beginning of this year (the, 50th anniversary of his entrance into the army) the' DrograInine was formed also of acharty to be called shall, on the coming wedding-day of theprincely couple, and on every recurring anniversary, confer on one young wedding couple out of each of the eight proinces of rusaa, without distiction of religion, the m of W. thalers, as a help tord commencing honakeeping. There has also been another committee formed here chiefly of men connected with the landed and agricultural intereats, for collecting from the agriculturists of the whole kingdom a sufflcient capital to furnsh interest enough to supply, deserving young men, of not more that 22 years of age, who have devoted themselves to the study of agriculture, with a yearly allowance of 500 thalers, to enable them to travel in countries In which farming is carried on to a higher pitch of per-, fection than it is here. This, of course, is with a view to their acquiring a knowledge of the improvements in use elsewhere, and on their return home spreading that knowledge. This institution is also being got up in honour of the approaching marriage, and s to be named the FriedrI6h-Wilhelm-Yictorla Stiftung. ITALY. (0mom OUR OWN7 COERSPONDmZT.) TULRIN, Nov. 16. The elections took place yesterday, amidst the most profound tranquillity, which also prevailed, as far as we have yet learned, throughout theprovince. But the absence of tumult must not be taklen to indicate a want of animation in the struggle, which has been a hard one and which will be renewed ih many places on Wednesday next, when the balloting will be between the two deputies who have the highest number of votes in colleges where no absolute majority has been obtained. Yesterday morning was dull and drizzling. Thb streets, and especally the portlcoes of the Great Square and of theVia diPo,were, as usual on Sunday mornings, much crowded, but there were swarcely any indications that might have enabled a stranger to conjecture what was going on; no magnificent placards, bands of music, cockades and banners, or (least of all) drunken and noisy electors. A few handbills were posted on the pillr, directing the attention of the voters to the claims of particular candidates and advising them as to their choice. One of these placards warned the Liberals to be on their guard against the manceuvres of the clerical party, who were capable of changing, in the very hands of the voters, the names they were about to deposit in the ballot-box-a piece of legerdemain which miight]3ad one to believe that the Retrogrades had been taking lessons of Bosco. A large woodcult published on Saturday in the Fisehietto (the Tnrin Punch) was also stuck up about the streets. It is entitled "4The real national arms if the clericals were to triumph."' The design is a huge Austrian eagle, holding i one claw a cudgel, in the other a shoe, with the Papal tiara and keys of St. Peter embroidered on it. On a shield, covering the eagle's body a priest and an Austrian soldier, with hands joined, are grotesquely dancing in triumphant joy, with the motto beneath Y4ribus unitis, and below, the Statuto, or Constitution of Piedmont, is personified in the form of a child htng by the neck and with tongue protruding. On small shields, surrounding the larger one, are various emblematical devices of the state of things to be expected if the priestly party come into power-the prison gratlngs of Fenestrelle, boys dresed as priests going to school, the press personified as a woman put into a sack, with a dog's muzzle on her mouth and a pair of scissors stuck into her bleeding bosom. The out Is clever and full of meaning, and the apropos of its appearance has drawn much attention to it. To return, however, to the elections. I have mentioned in former letters that the retrograde party-the Blacks, as they are here familiarly called-have long been worldng with the most indefatigable activity with a view to a triumph for which they could hardly hope, but of which, with characteristic tenacity, they never despair. They have neglected no influence, no intrigue, left no stone unturned. The Liberal party has not been idle, but it may be questioned whether its efforts have been so strenuous and so long-winded as those of the priests, probably because it did not so strongly feel the necessity of exertion. Moreover, in the country districts, and among the more ignorant portion of the voters, the priestly influence, subtle and persevering, is often more efficacious than any that can be brought to bear by the Liberals, who may vaunt in vain to a stolid rustic the blessings of the free institutions of Sardinia, and in vain endeavour to make him. comprehend that to these he is indebted for a large part of the prosperity and comfort he enjoys. With the hearty loyalty that characterizes this people, he thinks more of the House of Savoy than of the &atuto, and does not know how greatly that house would be shorn of its prestige by the abolition or mutilation of the Constitution, of which he has heard much, but which he cannot be said to appreciate. But I need not waste words to prove the well-known fact that here, as in all countries, priestcraft is powerful with the ignorarnt. It hasbeen made to do its utmost on the occasion of these elections. Communications are not very rapid in this country, and news comes Elowly from places whither the telegraph does not run. Thus it is that up to a late hour last night very few returns had been received, even in official quarters. At the hour at which I now write (2 p.m.) our information is still very incomplete, and (as the post leaves at the inconveniently early hour of 4) it is not likely that it will be much added to before the departure of this letter. 204 deputies compose the Chamber. We know of the election of 53, of whom 39 are Liberals and 14 Clericals. The 39 include one Red, or Democrat. We have also intelligence that in about 50 other colleges no absolute majority has been obtained, and in those second elections will take place on Wednesday. Indeed, it is then that the battle will be fought; then will be the real contest, and the Minliterialists wiU do well to strain every nerve, for they may be very sure that their opponents will throw away no chance. In the 53 elections already decided there does not appear to be much gain or loss either way. Onie or two seats may have passed from the Government to the Opposition, and vice aersa, so that the thlng balances itselr, ana matters stand much as before. But, although the Ministerialsts do not express themselves dissatisfied, I think I perceive this morning that they are slightly disconcerted at so many of their candidates havlng been left without an absolute majority. This, doubtless, proceeds in most instances from the Liberals having injudiclouily divided their strength between two candidates, and in these cases the second elections (when only the two candidates at the head of the poll are balloted for) will, doubtless, give them the triumph. In Turin the results have been highly satisfactory. Count Cavour had a majority of nearly 200 votes over his unpopular opponent, Count Gattinari, who obtained but 44, and whom the clericals acted most unwisely in putting forward. In the second, third, fourth, and fifth colleges the thing went hollow in favour of the Liberals. In the fourth the beaten candidate was Solaro della Margherita. In the sixth the Liberals divided themselves, but one of their candidates, Miglietti, wa8 at the head of the poll, and no doubt is entertained of his success in the second elections. In the seventh Count Revel might perhaps have been returned without opposition as I think he was at the last election, but the unpopular Arnonia having taken up his candidateship, the advocate Brofferio was brought forward against him at the eleventh hour, and obtained 92 votes against 125 given to Revel. In this college also there will be second elections. Revel Will probably be returned, but the opposition he has met with should warn him against evil associations and obnoxious apporters. At Genoa, in five out of the seven colleges there are to be second elections. Thero the BniteWrallsts find little support, but this waS knowna andtol. pated. It is thoiigl that soma democrat will be turned out by the retrogiade- pary. litherto, as you will have perceived the Reds have cut a very poor figur in these electidn&. Thek itar lust Dow extremely low. General della Marmora, the Minister of War has been retmrned for Biella. Hi colleague M. i3t tazzi, haa been lees fortunate at Alemandria, where he has to stand a second election. Count della Margberita, if not rtiurned at Varazze, of which there seems a doubt, will, according to all appearance, carry the day at the second baUot. SPAIN. The Madrid journvl of the 14th give details respecting the uewconspiracy discovered in Barcelonas, from wbich it appears that it was got up by Carlista and Republicns, and that soeae members of t4e former party, residing in France, were concerned in it. They add that a notorious Carlist, named Monserrat, who was at the head of the aff;ir, had been arrested and condemned to death ; but that his ex,cution had been poatp6ned in cogsequence of his having efored to make disclozures. The Queen has ordered court mourning for a fortnight for the late Duchess de Nemours. The Clamor Publico states'that it is not likely that the finncia, crlsis underwwhich several countries of Europe ame labouring.will affect Spain, and that the situation of the bank in that country is highly aatisfactory. Several of the journals epeak of the probability of raisig the state of dege in the provinces of Valencia, Arragon, and Andalusla. The price of wheab continued to give way. The MIadrid journals continue the publication of the defence of Queen Chrtina; fhey have now arrived at the chapters which refer to the share Her Majesty had in the affair of the rajuez Railway.
TH7E UiITED STATE. (nom OUR Ow0 CORPESPOND1MZT1 NEW YORIK, Nov. 7. Mr. Buchanan's AdminitraMtion, after a year's trial, haa passed the annual ordeal of a popular verdict with more than ordinary succss. sas has, indeed, declared for the Republicans, but this result ia brought about by the direct agency of officers appointed by the Federal Government, and who are so far supported by the Administration that they. will not be removed, and their names will be sent tX the Senate for ratification. In the We.stern States the Republicans (or, rather the Opposition, for the orace formidable Knodw-nothings have vanlshed) have prevailed by reduced majorities. Theyhold the Inportasnt State of Ohio by a bare majorlty. Pennsylvania which they contested last yearwlth spirit,they have lost this year by an overwhelming defeat. I New York they bs,ve met with the same fate, notwithstanding their 90,000 majority of a year ago. It has vanishedlike dew before a morning sun, or like gold in times -of suspension of specie payments. MassachusettA they still retadn by a decided vote; but MassachuaettsIs a small State, and counts but little in the national aggregate. But. while the political breezes have been blowing thus favourably for the Administration in the Northern Statew, the Southern gales do not promise to be equally fIendly. Already a large section of the supporters of Br. Buchanan promise hostility to his pacific course in Kansas. My own impression is that the people, both North and South, will be disposed to acquiesce In the settlement of that vezed question, and will be very glad to see it out of-the way. But I am, of course,~ unable to judge of Southern sentiment at this distance with thie accuracy of one on the spot. When you remember that the distances in this country are measured, not by tens, but by thousands of miles, you will appreciate the dilTculty (even with the best of information) of judging in New York upon the public sense in New Orleans and Texas. While the Government meets thus far with less difficulty in the settlement of the great question of last year than was then anticipated, another matter, then winked out of sight, grows daily in size and consequence. The expedition despatched in the spring to the Salt Iake has moved on. Before venturing Into the passes In the autumn months, it was deemed wise to send forward a special messenger to report upon the state of things in the Occldental Jerusalem. Captain Van Vleit, who was seleeted for that purpose, left Fort Leavenworth on the 28th day of July last, in charge of a party with mules and waggons. Ia nine dayshe reached Fort Kearney, Fort Laramie in ten, and Great Salt Lake city in 33. HEis waggons and escorb were left at Hawm's Fork, 143 miles this side of Great Salt Lake City, and thence he proceeded alone. He has returned, and his report is published. He represents that he remained six days among the Mormons, during which he was treated with great hospitality and kindness. The Mormon authorities were unmistakeably explicit in their declaration. The expedition of United States' troops shall not, they say, be allowed to enter the Mormon sanctuary. The Saints have been pillaged and plundered enough in times pust; they have now the means of protecting themselves and will use the sword of the Lord and of dideon. No lumber, no forage shall be furnished to the invaders. The mountain passes and defiles (composing some 50 or 60 miles upon the route) shall be held against them, and if, by the help of reinforcements, they are broken through the invaderi3 shall find nothing but desolation to greet them. "They viU find Utah a desert, every house will bV burnt to the ground, every tree cut down, and every field laid waste. We have three yeare' provisions on hand, wa wiM 'cache'and then take to the mountains, and bid defiance to all the powers of the Government." The captain, warned by these declarations, talked with stray Saints about the town to gather public sentiment, and on his return kept both his military eyes wide open to see whether these threats could be carried into execution. On these points he says:- " All ith whom I was thrown looked upon the presena movement of the troops towards their territory as the -om mencement of another religious persecution, and expressed a fixed determination to sustain Governor Young in any measures which he maight adopt. From all these facts I am forced to the conclusion that Governor Young and the people of 'Utah wil prevent, if possible, the army for Utah from entering their territorv this season. This, in my opinion,wlll not be a difficult ta.. owing to the lateaes3 of the season, the smallness of our force, and the defeneas that nature has thrown around the valey of the Great Salt Lake. There is but one road running into the valley on the side which our troops are approaching, and for over 50 miles it passes through narrow ' canons ' and over rugged moan taina, which a small force could hold against great odds." Hfe also examined the military reserved lands outside of the Great Salt Lake c1ty,1which it was supposed might be made a place of rendezvouw for the troops, and reports against the feasibility of doing any such thing. Rush Valley is entirely unsuited for a military station. It is far from the city, is much exposed to the cold, and has little grass. Other places which seemed more suitable for mill tary occupation are in the possession of the Mormons. " In fact, there is no place within 40, 50, or 60 miles oE the city, suitable for a military posdtion, that is not already occupied by the inhabitants and under cultivation." The decision of the Government upon this statement has not yet been made; but ould fancy that, inasmuch as it has allowed the public mind to be prepared for delay by the publication of the report, there can be little doubtwhatit will be. The panio still continues, but with much less intensity. The force of it is broken, unless the news by the Arabia is much worse than is anticipated. The banks continue about as in my last letter. Sterling exchange is In much more active demand. The best paper is seling at 109 to 109i, which makes the import of specle at a profit impossible; and it is most likely that all arriving after this date will go back again at once. The domestic exchanges are still much deranged. UJntil they get into better condition we cannot look for permanent relief. The worst sign at present is the meeting together of large masses of men calling themselves working men, and clamouring for employment, or rather for relief. The revulsion has necessarily put a stop to a great many works, and thrown many artisans out of employment. Designing rmen have taken advaniage of this to get up large meetings calling upon the municipal government to afford relief by the commencement of Government work;s5 after the manner of Paris, and threatening, if this isnot done, to take relief by force. I do not think that the real working men of New York have much to do vrith these meetings. In those that I have seen the audiences have been mostly made up of Irish. Still, ib is not to be'Qoncealed that there is a large population here thtat lves from hand to mouth, and that may give trouble, should the winter be severe, or should work or provison~ be scarce.
LAW REPORT. - 7-- . V.(,ATrp.lp CYP P.Tr A VfIV.PV T- -1- - --- ? ? flfRSflnZ V_ -flr -ATT A _ (Before ae LORD CHaROLLOR anaW the LOxnS JU8TICS ov APppiTal The hearing of thli. apreaI from a decreef Viog-Ohan. celor Stuart, dismissing t h biWwith costsi was this mornng reamned, and again coupied the entire diy -with bsini concluded. The statementg in thebillt*efe. t6ht. following effect --In April, 1852, the Earl of Devon and six otbera of tbe defendants asssted in the formation of a schemtto establish, a rnin ng .assclatioj Qn, tfie oost-book pri ciple for raising gold ia other metls in Airali,to bec=iled the "Melboarnbn Gold tad General Minip Asgocititon." In one of the prospei Issued by the company it wts tate intcr alia, thMa the 0o11- Wmn was to consist of 10000 shars on wbloh a eposi ef- 11. pet share was tb paid on allotment; that nodeedwao Iisbiity was to be limited to the amoint pa; bat l moneys uonldbelxeturned without deduction unless £de at CaDil ahoud'be subscribed; and that by the constittton of the company on ih&o ot-book princ!pl theta was ak ab,ence of all perozal epbnsibility unless esaly asumd by the parties themseles. Shares to the amn n 'oE 105,000F ere applied for by tie ubhn, but the onimimtee of nagement, of which the Earl of Davon was, chairman, la the- eierciae of ther judginent, allotted ohy iibont 30,000 e, and of 5s tnumber a deposit, of 14. per she was pd only in respect of 1,P18. The company therefore rt celead by' iay of daPoit'on the allotmen' of shres the Sum of 1,918k only. TEe naging committee, nevertheless, detoemined to proceed with their scheme, and to effect that object they wrer desirous of obtaining a loxn onthe sectirity of tfie companys s1aiess and al6o the quotation of thowe slaare inthe official Elst of the' Stock-Erchange, as well as -the p . intment of ' settifng'day for the shares, The :pIi 4 12ffslleged that the pianag&ng committee employed the -d4bned~it ehoert George.foore, as their agent to effect the above purposes, and th'at Moore, in conpert with E3dwin UoWrd Tripp,'aa sbarebroker andanother defeudant, dtvisd a scheme with ,viter to their accomplishment, and that 'the scheme was embodied Insa letter, dated My '3,' 1852, and added t he Earl of Devon. In brder that the shares might be quoted In the StocklExciange share list, it was neay to' satisfy the commitdtee of tho 'Stock-'Exchange that two-thirds of the ihsres of the company were alloted and the depouit thereon paid. The inainfeatfrts of Moore's scheme in the letter of e ¢1852, 'were directed to satisfying the requirements ,- of. fl>e cAtoitW' of' ,h Stok-Exchange, and it was de- b he-oboof sil0 i nature asthatitwwould - - fivltb D'O ientt on the part of the conmpany, and ** lt lltiitedn61C ioFa d, wwhich was not nreaonable fomlherfth6e 'proied td be rendered." It was further alIttd-* Th ~linti&Dt be a part of Mloores swheme *" n 'r'the markwet,"a prai6 by which an apparent de^nsad for shares mn a compeny is created so as to give them a ictitlus-Vxaluez It was alao alleged on behalf of the plain. tiff 4lat oko's iettef of tho 3d of May, 1852, was read to t1aecox i "tee of mg9nment, and the proposal therefij convaimnd :approved by them, and o minate to that effect endorted upon the letter'byroore. The plaintiff further alleged that, in puaijused of 'the aLr?ngement contained in suc lJetter, .Tripp on the 15th of that month called on the phi tim wtho Is &atocWbroker, and represented to him that Moore indaxrd a e inmed _otthorn, nwho was the engineqr of -the 'comp ny, were deslrous ot borrowing 500 on the -stcurltyof ,rbn%shiresheld by them, on which a deposit of 14 -per share had been pid. The platntiff, in ignorance of tb,e, p*a4 conaned in the letter of the 3d of May for procuring a settliug day on the Stock-Exchange for the shares of the company, paid Moore and Scottfiorn.5004, and a3 a security for its repaymenttheydeposlted with h the ce tificateo of the before-mentioned I,AODihares. Those shares, It wae alleged'on behalf of the pa'intiff) were not the prgperty of Moore and Scotthorn, but lied b'eji deposited bj theni as the agents of the maniging comitinid bf he. comDaay aind to effect' the- purposes oon. alnadixiitht letter oftithe 3d of May, 1852. The bill went oni toalege'that aday or two after the 15th of Mayl852, and NA irther pursnance ,f the atrangement of the 3d of May 1852, Mfore andflTipp called at the plaintifts office and teqaired. him to procure for Moore some shares in the company nog ,exceeding 1,200 in number for the day of any price not exceeding 11. 2s. 6d. per share, aoore ndftlook to provide the pltintiff withask before the settlement, and in case Moore failed to do so le adtborlzed the plaintiff to serll the shares purchased by him at the beat price obtainable to close the transaction. Moore -further undertook "from time to time to deposit 'with the plaintiff scrip certificates for paid up shares in the -proportion of one to every two shares purchased by the *plaintiff asa securityincaseMoore didnotprovidethe plaintiff *with cash to pay for the said shares purchased, and the Yilaint~s commission on the purchaae; and in such case ,r1oore authorizea the plaintiff to sell so many of the shames deposlted with the latter as would be sufficient to pay the ifferences and commisions; but the shares were not to be otberwlse sold without Moore's order." Tripp also under. Itoo thali he wouldbe responsible to the plaintiff for any loss ie latter might ipour in relation to thepurchase of the 1,203 shares. Pursuant to such instractions the plaintiff at various times parchased for Moore 1,200 shares at different prices soie being at par and the rest at 2s. 6d. and Is. 3d. premium. TShe cost of these purchases, including commission and loss, amounted to 1,3984, which the plintiff pai.d out of his on pocket. The laintiff sUeged .that he made the 'prchass in the faull belief that they were bonade purchases by Moore, bat 'that they 'were no such thing, and that they were made by Moore and ripp in furtherance of the plai contained in the letter of the 3d of May, 1852, and as the agents and on behalf of the managng committee of the company, and by their authority. The plaintiff had sold 200 out of the 1,200. shares purchased by him, and had received as the proceeds of unch sale the anm of 931.16Ss. The bill alleged that the loan of b00I. was made and the 1,200 shareg were purchased in pursuance of the scheme agreed upon by the managing. committee in concert with Moore, Scotthorn, and Trlpp, and that those transactions were a fraud upon the plaintiff, and it prayed that they might be set aside on the ground of fraud, and that the defendants might be ordered to repay to the plaintiff the sam of 5001, with interest, together with the whole of the parchase money for the 1,200 shares, with interost, after allowing for the sum of 931h 15s., the plaintiff being willing and offering to deliver up the shares in his possession. The Vice-Chancellor was of opinion that the aUlegations of fraud contained in the bill were not borne out by the evidence, and therefore dismissed it with costs. EFrom this decision the plaintiff appealed. Mr. MaIalms andl Mr. G. L. Russell have been heard for the appellant; Mr. 'WIgraxn and Mr. E. F. Smith for the defendant General Chatterton, and Mr. Bacon (MEr. T. Stevens with him) for Lord Devon have also been heard. hlr. Walker, Mr. Craig, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Smythe, dIr. deLI. Giffard, Mr. 'Bsggallay, and Mr. J, lN. Htiggins have still to be heard for the other defendants. The case ';.ill be proceeded with on Saturday.
VT(YR..V.TTAVM.T.T.APW PATrRTQ IT- in TZnRD V C.Ar.TNtr (Before Vice.Chakncelor Sir R. T. 'KN1i-ZR9.R7rT1V The Arromy-GmsmR occupied the whole day in opening this case, which is still proceeding. (0efore Vce-Chancedlor Sir J. STUART.) TlNELER 'V. THE BOARD O WORKS FOR SHE WASDS- WVORTE DISTRICT. This motion was resumed. Its object was to obtain an Injunction to restrain the defendants, the Board of Works for the Wandsworth district frora pulling down or converting the privies attached to 39 cottagesbelongingtotheplaintiff, situate atFord's-buildings, in the parish of St. Mary, Battersea, into waterclosets. On tho 27th of January last the defendants caused a notice to be served on the plaintiff's agent, requiring the plaintiff to commence, wit'hin 14 days from that period, the conversion of the privies attached to the before-mentioned cottages into wvaterclesets. The plaintlff in consequence of such notice informed the defendants that the occupiers of the cottages were satisfled with the accommodation which was attached to their dwellimgs, and that the proposed waterclosets would be found inconvenient and be perpetually getting out of order. The defendants replied that it was their intention to do away with all privies in their district where there was available drainage for waterclosets. A sewer having been in the meantime constructed by the defendants for carryig off the sewage matter from tho waterclosets proposed by them to be constructed by the plailtiff, they, on the 8th of June last, served the plaintiff's agent vith a notice entitled in the Metropolis Local Management Act, 18th and 19th of Victoria, cap. 120, and in the Nuisances Removal and Dlseases ?revention Act, 18th and719th of Victoria, cap. 121, to the effect that as the plaintiff had not constructed the works required by them to be constructed by their former notice of January last, the workmen of their contractor would forthwith execute such works on or after the expiration of seven days from the service of the notice of the 8th of Juue, and that the defendants would adopt the course provided by the law for enforcing the payment of the expenses there. by incurred. Some communication then passed between the plaintiff and the defendants, and on the 7th inst. the defendants" workmen entered on the plaintiff's premises and commenced the works as threatened by their notice in June. This bill was then filed praying for an lnjunction as before stated. The cottages in question were 'iet to weekly tenants at 5s. per week. The defendants contended that the plaintiff's cottages and the premises belonging to them wero in a state very prejudicial to the health of their occupiers and of the inhabitants of the Immediate neighbourhood, while the plaintiff contended that no nuisance or inconvenionco reslted to his tenants or to the nefghbourhood of his cottages from the privies, and that the occupiers of the cottages were healthy and had never been affected with cholera. By the 12th section of the Nuisances Removal and Diseases Pevention Act (1855) it is enacted that when a nuisance is ascertained by the local authorities to exist, and, althoughit may have been removod, is in their opinion likely to recur, they shall cause ocomplaint thereof to be made before a justice of the peace, and such justicoe shall thereupon issue a summons requiring the person by whose act the nuisance arises or continues to appear before any two justices in petty sessions, who shall proceed to inquiro into such complaint; and if it be proved to the satisfaction of the ju3tices that the nuinsce exists, they shall make an order for the execution of such works as are necessary for its abatement. The 40th section of the same Act provides that an appeal shall lio from the justices in potty sessions to the court of quarter sessions. It was further contended on behalf of the defendants, that although their notice to the plaintiff of the 8th of June last was entitled in the nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Act, 1855, their powers were derived from the Metropolis Management Act (1855) solely, which provided no such appeal as before mentioned to the justicesin petty sessions, and from them to the eourt of quarter .eons, but enacted by the 211th section that an a ppeal against an order of a district board should be mada te the Metropolitan Board of Works. The plaintff had not appeaed to the MetropoUtan Board of Works, and therefore his motion must fail. It will thus be seen thattbeqoestion in the case was resolved into one simply of anriediQeion MIr. Bacon and Mr. Schomberg were for the plaintiff, and Mr. M ns and Mr. W. D. Lewis for the defend&uts, the Board of Works for the Wandsworth district. The VICE-CIXAnOEILOB, without calling for a reply from Mr. Bacon, said-The oeot-otfhls hiotion Is to rwtr .n the defendants, who-oonstitate.&Ional bod of works, fro na eMMAXtrting On the. p*anois propety, against the plain tiff's will, belt atthe p2AIntlff' iiieuse, oeru'-wOtkg-of -'palrtculcrh escrti6Mei'tlieconsidder necessary for 5anit4ry~.piirpoe. . iITo zqstl is; not whether soin.' orl~stogkl lb Q mbut wbX etiief the pacla ] natureandatr,pcXro o~thtie .Wr should be x4ch as is in113104 9nt uefen4uvan,. and whether the sniarv p r p *ses ney nob he 0ffictuaUmanzwerad wbY the eraIon -of1 s1troCtnrea 'b- the kind which- re alle8ed by the plantff to abe, ufficent It X verl mach to be re- ete,t4 that queation of this - kind should comel Fef,oe this oCourt Lt al The gslatu, by tbe l'thoetion of tho seondAct of 1835, has provided the proper tribunal for trying questions of this disreble 'kind. Before justioes of the peaoe such questlox magy according to the provisions of the Act, be speedily ana cheaply tried and dedd. After hearlng all that hc been .urged by the counsel for the defendsatse there a ae nothing to satisfy the mind of any reasonable r tteth: locl Board, ho are defendants in thh csue, are jusified In refusing to proceed. so as to have thoanestion between them and the plaintiff tried before the justioes of the pece, a,conlin to the AXt of Parliament. The powrers copferred on this and other Boards of the same kind are enormoue, but they are conferred to enable them to effect pu es in a high degree Importm to the publc benefit.- Thepreservation ot the publihealthwa wisely oocsiderd,by the Legislature of such pmount importnoe s ,to justify enactments oontidning enormous arbitr Powers to be summarily exercised in extraordinaryse -To prevent the abus of these powers the second Act, which Is mentioned in the title of the defendants notice ba .provided certain checks, by interposing enaments whch requize the orders of atrates s authorites of inde pendert tribunas. Aeuming that there was in ths case suchs'nuisnce as required the intervention of the Board It is not satisfactorily shown that they hsve proceedd with a proper degree 4f moderation. It lb clear that they have not, proceeded so as to give that right of appeal to the jstices of the peace, or even that intervention in the firt instance of a jutioe of thpeac ~which is authorized by the Act. The proceedin of the defendants now soght to be restraned ae wholly arbitrary -And,have been so con.ucted by them as to exclude the inte vcwntlorno any other opinion than their own, an that of their own officers, to gaide them in the exerie of those enormous statutOry powers which are inconsdstent with fle ordinary common law right of every Eugllshman.Bdng incon sdtent-with thoerights,the notion thAt the wowers areto be exepelsed so as to deprive the plaintiff of the opnnion of a ltipate tibunal aeemaextraordinay. The211th ection of tq first Act, which givesa right or appeal to the Metro. politan Board of Works, cannot beconidered,as Imperative, or as su,pershlngcthenactmentshinthescndtu w glvejursdictiontothejustioesofthepeaceastheproperbranch -of the establishedmagistracyof the country. The Metro. polita Board of Words is a Board with great arbitrary powers, for peculiar purposes, of recent legislative creation; and then, in the 211th section, it Is stated that appeas may .be made to that bocrd, the scope of the Act rather seems to show that the appeal to them was intended for quesions of ,4 different kind from that which arises in this ase. But, as~umIng th,t the appeal to the Metropolitan Board might ha. ' eerniade ondsomepoInts uIthis case, it is not the roper jurisdiction to try tho questions as to the legality of the defendanWts mode of proceedine It is not .reasooable that the defendants should be allowed to proceed in such a manner as to deprive the plantie of the means of having bis legal rights adjpicated upon by a proper Iegal tribunl Without enterizg more mimutely into the evidence on both E des, It is. sufficient to say that upa the whole there seems enough proved, on the part of the plaintiff to show that he has a right to the intervention of a proper legal tribunal to adjudicita on the question between himself and the defenants as to the legality of their proeeedings and the nature of theV*rks which must be done. It Is not consistent with the doctrines of this Court that when questions of that kind are to be determilned the defendants should be allowed to decide the question in their own favouis and put In force ViolentlY those powers conferred by the Act till t.hat which seems the, proper legal trlbunal shall have decided that the case is one to justify the exercise Of the extraordinary _powers. The order must therefore be that the defendants by their counsel refusing to proceed under the 12th section of the Act of the 18th and 19th of the Queen, o. 121,. being one of the Acts mentioned in the title of the notlee in the pleadings mentioned, aud refusing to make any arrangement to enable the plaintiff to try the legal.validity of their notices and proceedings in the Bill mentioned, order for an injunction according to the prayer of the BIll until answer or further order, the plaintiff undertaklng to proeeed without delay to construct at his own expense proper and sufficient works and conveniences on the premises in the bill mentioned, so as not to be objectionable as a nuisance or liable to removal under any proceeding beforo a justice or justices of the peace, under the 12th, 13th, and 14th sections of the Act of Parliament 18th and 19th of the Queen, cap. 121, with liberty to either party to apply as they may be advised. In coming to this conclusion, the importance to the public welfare of the duties to be performed by the defendants has not been overlooked. Considering the importance of the purposes to be effected by these Boards, it seems the duty of the Court to discountenance any proceedings tending to baffleor obstruct the legitimate exercise of their powers. But where a fair question arises whether they are legitimately and properly exercising such enormous powers, it would seem to bo the duty of the Court, where even a doubt arises, to take care that every check which the Legislature has provided has its due operation In favour of the person complaining of the undue exercise of the arbitrary power, unless in some urgent case where imminent danger to tho public health would ensue from any delay in the exercse of the arbitrary power. Another matter not to be overlooked in cases of this kind is the expenslve nature of the litigation and the inequlity in that respect of thec ontending parties. The defendants seem to consider themselves freo from all peraonal risk of costs. Even if they should be wholly unsuccessful, the ordinary penalty of the payment of the costs personaUy-a penalty calculated materlaliyto checka litigious spirit-does not affect the defendants. If they should at any stage of this litigation be condemned in costs, instead of their being obliged to provide them out of their own private funds, those very costa must be raised by a rate of which the successful plaintiff may have to pay hls own proportion. The question of costs, lowever, Is not now to be decided. OIIENTAL BANK V. NICHOUSON.-ORIEXTAL- BAIr V. CAIROW. These were two interpleader suits, the circumstances of which may be shortly stated thus:-Messrs. Stewart and Calrow,a firm in Calcutta, regularly shipped goods theneo to their London correspondents, Messrs. Syers, Walker, and Co., drawing bills on the latter firm on account thereof. These bils were negotiated by Stewart and Calrow through the Calcutta branch of the Oriental Bank, Messrs. Stewart and Calrow, by way of further security, endorsing to the bank tie bills of lading of the goods shipped, and also executing letters of hypothecation authorizing the bank, in default of acceptance or payment of the biUls, to sell the goodP, and, after reimbursing themselves, to place the balance against any other of the bills of Stewart and Cal. row which might at the time be In the hands of the bank, or ctherwise to hold such balance at the dlsposal of Stewart and Cakrow. Messrs. Syers, Walker, and Co., having become bankrupts, Messrs. Stewart and Calrow gave notice to che bank not to deliver certain goods, of which the bills of lading were then in their hands, to that firm. The bills of excbange which had been drawn to secure advances mado by the bank upon the shipments referred to in such bills of lading having ceen dshonoured, theobank sold the goods, the proceeds of which sale, after paying all expenses, left a considerable balance in their hands. This balance was claimed by Stewvart and Cakrow en the one hand and by the assignees of Syers, Walker, and Co. on the other, and actions at law on behalf of the rival claimants were commenced orthreatened against the bank. Thereupon the bank filed two bills of interpleader, and brought the balance of the money produced by sale of the goods In question into court. To these bills MesWs. Stewart and Cairow demurred but the demurrers having been overruled, the causes now came on for hearlng, and the parties having agreed among themselves as to the distribution of the fund The VIe-C CeeLLoe made a decree it effect giving to Messrs. Stewart and Calrow the invoice prices of the goods which had been sold, and giving the resdue of the fund, after paying the costs of the bank and Messrs. Stewart and Calrow, to the assignees of Messrs. Syers, walker, and Co. Mr. Malius and Mtr. Erskine were for the plaintiffs the Oriental Bank; Mr. Bacon and Mr. Bristowe for Messrs. Stewart and Calrow; and Mr. Wigram and Mr. Giffard for the assignees of Syers, Walker, and Co. (Before VIcZ-C}IACXsLLoR Sir W. P. WOOD.) SPIRRS V. BROWNr. Mr. CAIRNS (with whom are Mr. Giffard and Mr. W. P. Murray) resumed and concluded his opening of the plain. tiff's case, after which the Court was occupied for the rest of the day with the affidavits, which for the most partinvolved a discussion on lexicography generaUy, and on French and English dictionaries In particular, from the old Boyer of 1699 down to the publication in the present year of IL Contanseau's dictionary, which is the work eomplained of by Dr. Spiers as a piracy from him. The plaintiff's case is not yet concluded. Mr. Rolt, Mr. Willcock, and Mr. Cole are for the defendants.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. WxsiT'iwgwm nv -l THE QU]EE V. EDiAILE AND OTHERS. THE QU3EN V. BROIVN AN-) OTRS. THE QUEEN V. STAXYLTON AND OTHERS. (SWings in Ban6o, before Lord CAIBXLL and Jcs COTLRRIDnal and WTaUlTWTAV I In thgso cases rules had beei granted to show causo why the Attorney-General should not furnish the defendant5 with pxticulars of the charges intended to bo made under certain eounts of the informations. The rules had been made returnable this day, but when they were called on, Sir F. THESIGET, who, with Mr. Serjeant BaUantine 'nd Mr. J. Bro-wn, appeared for the Crown, said Sir F. Kelly, who was counsel for Mr. Stapylton, was at the present moment engaged in the Court of Chancery, and it would be rnore convenient if the cse could be postponed. Lord CAwrEELL said It might bo taken xfter the Crown paper on Saturday. So far as we could ascertain the following are the counsel retained on the trial of these important informations :- The Attorney-General, Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Serjeaut Ballantine, Mr. Welsby, and Mr. J. Brown for the Crown; Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Asplandforthe defendant Bsdaile; Mr. Hugh Hill, Q.C., and Mr. C. PB Kennedy for the defendant Brown; Sir P. Kelly, Mr. Bovill, Q.C., and Mr. Coleridge for the defendant Stapylton; Mr. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Keane for the defendant Alderman Ken. nedy; Mr. AL Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Sleigh, for the defendant VaiUllnt; Mr. D. Seymour, for the defendant Cameron. EX PARTR MII. KMP. Mr. POWER applied to the Court, on the part of A gms. Kemp, for leaveto *e0xibit articles of the pec apains her husband.- Lrord CAXPBELT dirb-e4 $aVt$t eshilti4t should be csledi and swora to the truth oftX artiles Thilag done, the ofioer of the court rad the artiles, bunt all we could gatier was tha aile egt VWtre to her of a M.Kemp; an fronmonger, at d WinStf-ak had thAt she had applied to alir. Doughty a ncagots tu o Suffolk, for protection agaonst her husband violente. *hrefotre advised her to go nan lies with tier C TrTh which O be did, and wouldI hve oontinued to lv with tl, If ber husband would hlave adowed her e . a r but the stated her husband would allow her only halfa.,c on a-week. In tonhquenioe of this refusal ahe returnied to her husband's houseandma eaeseoo dapplicatono tothe als trhae forb is proteotionbt e therefusedtoentertnit. 'Ce therefore made the preent r application to thi Cour t Lord CAEnmL said it was to be regrtted that theapri. cation to the Court sbould have beden ncessary ; but the applicant was enttlUed to protection, and her application oe,~ ~ ~~~~~~ot thatntro tth m ze,uo ab norr t hen api l ican the n At tooney the ual ot h tha trhed w as not atdby, ani by maloce against hfce ahusbana, but only by anotber. At the taplied tho aefendattant to Isue to the Lord OAxPrELLbr-Ltgh uattacbirnot isume. THEz QUXEK V. E3ALLENY. In this asoe the defendant, Robert Balleny, a justice of tea peace, had been tried at the last aswi, upon an inforrax. tlon gled by the Attorney-General, which charged him with orruptly, and by oolour of his office as a magistrate, extort. lhug two sums of 11. each from twro persons~, SpDors szd another. At the tri the defendant was found gailty. He was now brought up to receire the bldgment of the Court, and produoed two affidavits made by his meadiea attendants, and which stated that bei was subject to disease which would in all probability be much aggravated by a lengthened Imprisonment, Mr. Serjeant A'ruNsoN (writh whomawas Mr. Davison) maid he should beat discharge his duty by leavingth case in the hauds of the Court upon the affidavits which had beon rad. The SoiaooGNRA (with whom was lr. Liddell) sid that happily cae of this kind were rare, The adulnatration of justioe by justices of the peace was in general free from any taint of oorruption; but this was an unforiu. :pate exception. As soon as the facts of the case wra brought to the attention of the Attorney.General, he felt it to be his duty at once to file a criminal information against the defendant. and, as the jury had dis&harged -their duty in finding the defendant guilty of corruption and extortion in his off0iC, he (the Soliitor General) had no doubt that this hlig vourt would vindicate the law, and that justice would be fuly satisfied by the sentence about to be passed. The defendant then came forward to receive sentence, Mr. Justice COLERIDGE, as the senior puisne judge, ad dresing the defendant, said he appeared before the Court to reosive judgment for a misdemean our of which he had been found guilty. That miademeanour was in substance that, under colour of his office as a justice of the pace he had extorted from two individuals brought before bim for a misdemeanour the sum of 11. each; and that he bad extorted that sum by threateniDg that they would be imprisoned and sentenced to a larger fine if they refused to piy that sum. The jury found by their verdict th&t the defendant ws guilty of the charge, that he had extorted the two sums of 11., and that he did that andercolourof his officeand corruptly. The Court had considered with attention the clrcumstancem of the case, butthey could discover nothing to extenuate the gravity of the offence. The policemen did wrong in bringtig before the defendant, as a magistrate, two persons charged with an offence upon his (the defendant's jproperty. The obvious course for the defendant was to dismiss tbem t(the policemen) with a rebuke, and to tell them to take the parties before some other and disinterested person. But, instad of that, the defendant entertained the case as a justice of the peace, and at once told themen that unlesg they paid a fine of U. each that night they would be taken avay handcuffed and looked up at Lancaster, and would have to pay a penalty of double the anmount and asso the costs of the prosecution. The men, unable to resist his power, and unable to raise the sum, pleaded their poverty, and requested time, but that reouest was refused. One of them said, and there was n6thing to show that it was not true, that his whole offence consisted in his desire to shoot a valueless rabbit, which he wished to give as food to his sickvwife. The men were taken away, and the money was collected and brought to the defendant, who put the whole of it into his own pocket, offering the policemen lOs. to be divided between them for what they had done. The policemen, however, acted properly, and carried the money to account, and disclosed the transaction. It was the boast of this country that the greater part of the administration of justice was carried on by the unpaid gentry, as a part of the duty which belonged to them in respect of their property; and he (Mr. Justice Coleridge) fuly concurred in what had been said by the SolicitorGeneral, that that duty was in general discharged with strict impartialty to high and low. On the one side there was power, aud wealth, and learning, and on the other poverty, and ignorance, and distress; and considering those relative positions, when once a case of extortion was brought before the Court it wae impossible to regard it otherwise than as a crime of great magnitude, and to be visited with very severe punishment. In such a case It was the duty of the Court to deal out its sentences with equal severity, as it would do in the case of the lowest person in the country. Indeed, when the Court considered the advantage which was given to the educated over the uneducated, the offence of the former ought to be visited with greater severity than that of the latter. The Court had taken all the circumstances into their consideration, Including the state of the defendant's Ihealth, and felt bound to inflict a long imprisonment upon him, remarking, however, that in this country there was a power beyond that of justice which the Crown could exercise. The sentence was that the defendant pay to Her Majesty a fine of 2001., and be imprisoned in the Queen's Prison for one year among the misdemeanants of the first class, and be further imprisoned till the fine be paid. Lord CAiPBELL said this Court had no power to dismiss the defendant from the commission of the peace, bat he trusted the law officers of the Crown would lay the case before the Lord Chanoellor, who would do what was right in the matt-er. The SoL1crroR GEmmA.L said he would take care that that should be done, if it had not been done already. The defendant was then removed. LAXIERB V. THE VsTRY OF ULEE.END OLD TON. This was an action in which the owner of the Earl Grey publichouse, Mile-end, sued the vestry of Mile-end Old Town to recover damages for removing a horse-trough, and also a shed, which the plaintiff had erected on the waste in front of the Earl Grey. The defendants justified under the 120th section of the Metropolis Mtanagement Act (lSth and 19th Victoria, cap. 120), upon the ground 'bhat the trough and shed were obstructions in a street vAithia the meaning of that section, which they -were empowered to remove. At the trial, which took place before Mr. Justice Wightman, the plaintiff obtained a verdict with 40s. damages, leave being reserved to the defendants to move to enter the verdict in their favour, if the Court sbould be of opinion, upon the evidence, that the plea was proved, and that the place in question was part of the street. Sir F. THESIGER and Mr. HAw};Ns now showed cause against the rule, which was supported by Mr. CoLLIER, Q.C., and Mr. WxLsny. Lord cCAMPBELL said it would be very alarming if all the spaces in the metropolis like the one In question could be used as this had been by the plaintiff. The Courk would take time to consider. DACEY V. Tl{E EASTEBN COrUTS R AILWAY COMPAXY. This was an action in which the plaintiff, a little boy, sued the Eastern Counties Railway Company to recover damages for being knocked down, run over, and injured by the negligence of the defendants' servants, in diiving a waggon from Whitechapel down Middlesex-street, formerly called Petticoat-lane. At the tria, which took place before Lord Campbell at GuUidhall, at the sittings after last term, the jury found a " verdict for the defendants, the evidence not clearly showing that the plaintiff was knocked down by the defendants' waggon; but the jury desiro to express their opinion that the most culpable negligence vwas shown by the carman in charge. The jury also consider it desirable that Middlesex-street shall not be passed through by such ponderous vehicles." Subsequently a rule was granted for anew trial, upon the ground that the verdict was against the evidence. Mr. Serjeaut SHEs (with whomn was hlr. Petersdorff) now showed cause, and said the case had been very carefully considered by a special jury, who had shown their sympathy for the poor boy by subecribing their guineas for his benefit. Lord CANBBLL said he thought that such a finding could not be supported, and without calUng on the other side the rule was made absolute for a new trzial. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine and Mr. F. H. Lewis appeared to support the rule. ELHrs V. MrURPH. This was an action upon a warranty that the defendant was authorized to sell the plaintiff a house which belonged to a Mr. Toulman. The jury, after being shut up some hours, found a verdict for the defendant; but subsequently a rule was granted for a new trial, upon the ground that the verdict was against the evidence. Mr. ?L HrLL, Q.C., now showed eause against the rule. Lord CANxB.rL said be thought the verdict was not satisfactory and there mnust be a new trial on the payment of costs. Mr. M, Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Hlannen, who appeared in support of the rule, were not called upon. (SI;tings at Nifi Prius, at GuildhWu, before Mr. Justiec 1 BLX). CONDUCT OF THEI BAR During the trial of a case Mr. Serjeant THOMAS asked a witness if he was in difficulties. This being answered indignantly in the negative, Mr. Justice ERLX said he really thought it an abuse of the power of a counsel to put such a question witheut fon-. dation, and he thought a counsel who did so deserved ill of the public. Mr. Serjeant THocrAs said he was only following his in. structions. Mr. Justice ERLx said he should like to know who in. strmcted him. mr. Seejeant TomAs said it was very difficult to oonduct a case. Mr. Justice eax said the freedom of questlon allowed to the bar was a public nuiane, and the barrister who made such an imputation ought to be prosecnuted. It vas n most important right. Mr. Serjesnt THoMs said, it was a most importat thing to do one's duty and difficiult not to anwer the Court. Kr. Justioe ERSL sad When he thought a quweston lbad
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. WF STNTTRR Nnv 1 Q FAULKNER, APPELLANT, V. THE OVERSEERS OF UPPER Rflnff"-rn' (Sitings in Banco, Michadnaw Term.) The Court to-day sat to hear appeals from the deieolsoxs of the Revislna Barristers. This was an appeal from the decision of the Revising Barrister for Northamptonshire. The appellant and five others claimed to vote as beadtsaen of Daventry, in respect of which appointment they received certain oharitable donationa and bequests amounting to about 50a. a-year. The auestion turned on the construction of the 18th section of the Reform Act (2d of Williann I. chap. 45, vwhether or net the appellant, w beadsman, had been " promoted to!any benefice or office," which AS a freehold was of sufficient value to entitle him to vote. The Revising Barrister disallowed the claim. Mr. Ssrjeant Hayes appeared for the appeUant, and Mr. Field for the respondents. Mr. Serjeant HAYES submitted that the appellaRt was entitled to a vote. The emoluments he received for his life gave him a freehold worth maore than 40s. a-year, and he came within the exception in the disabling clauses of the Reform Act (section 18), which enacts that no person shall have a vote for any county " in respect of any freehold lands or tenements whereof suoh person may be seized for his own ife or for the life of another, or for any lives whatsoever, except such person shall be in the actual or lend jfde occupation of such lands or tenements, or except the same shall have come to such person by marriage, marriage settlement, devise, or promotion to any benefice or to any office, or except the same shall be of the clear yearly value of 101. above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the same." He submitted that as, beadsman of Daventry, the appellant had been promoted to an office in respect of which he was entitled to a freehold worth 40s. a-year. The word beade was from the Saxon, and meant prayer; hence in old Romanist times " telling your beads" meant being at prayer. Thus Spenser in his .Fraem-y Queen said,- "That aged dame, the lady of the place, "Who all thli whlle was busy at her heads." So again,- " Biding his beades allday f.r hia tre'pa,3" So the definition of beadsman given by Dr. Johnson was, "A man employed in praying generally for another ," and his illustrahon of it from Spenser was- "An holy hopltal. 'In which seven beadnamen that had vowed an *Their lire to erylcs ol hlgh Heaven'S uIng." So Shakspeare says- " In thy dsnger. *' Commend thy grievanwc to my holy pr ver, "Tor I will be thy beadsman Valention." Evidently indicating that a beadsman was a person whose "offico" it was to pray for you. The LORD ChIIEF JUsTIcF.-A man might be devoutin prayer for another and yet not hold an office. Mr. Serleant HAYE}S.-"IOffice" is a word of the largest possible signification. It meant a recognized s&dui. A beadsman was one whose duty or office it was to pray. The Lo ltn Cn1rEr J3JSrICE.-W e Irnow very well that in Fommer days people very frequen'ly gave their property for thepurpose of maintaininu personsto put up prayers for them -monks for instance. Were such men officers? Mr. Scrieant HAYES.-Many monins would be. He did not say that this was an office for usurping which a quo a-arran7to would lie - but it was a recognized name, and the duties were those OI a life devoted to&pra er and generally for another person. In these degenerate da)s no doubt the emoluments were often received and the duties were not performed; but the appointment was still kept up, and he submitted that it was in the nature of an " office," The Act of Parliatnent said that "any benefice," "any office" of sufficient value, should entitle to the vote, There were a variety of "of fices," some public, some private; but what they had to look to ws what ia eonmmon sense was the mearing of the word "office." Dr. Johnson's definition was-" a public charge or empleyment." Then he gave as an illustration from Shakespeare, " the insolence of office -" bub that was not this case. Then he defined it to menan " agency,peculiarruse;"andthirdly, " business, orparticular employment." In'Powell's La;w Ditionaryj the word -was delined to mean " a function: by virtue whereof a person bas some employment-in the affairs of another; a 2ight to exercise a public or private employment, and to take the fees or emoluments, thereof," Blackstone, in his Commen. taries (vol. ii. p. 26), and Cruise, in his Digest (vol iii. p.96.), gave the saume definition. Suppose, then, six beadsmen habitually prayed for their founder, they would come within the exact terms of the definition. Mr. Justice WLiaAms said, there were beadsmen who wore- blue gowns In Westminster Abbey. Mr. Serjeant HAYBS-That was so, and the appointment had duties attached to it, and therefore he said that this was an "office" within the meaning of the Act of Parliament, In Alare's Glossary-a lerned antiquary-beadsman- was -referred to, and he expressly used the term " office of beadsman." So a* scoolmnastet of an endowed school,'probably in a leI sestse, had not asi ." office; " but conld any one doubt.that he did hold an office? The eime might be said of Dissenting ministezr, or Romann Catholio priests, with regard to the word "benefice," although pro bably in a legal sense this would be held to apply only to clergyman of the established church. He submitted that this wa3 an "office," and completely within the spirit of the Act of Parliament, although a sinecure office. Take the "office" of tnibman in the Court of Exchequer. (A laugh.1 He did not know what the emoluments or duties of the tub. man of tbe Court of Exchequer might be. The LORD CHEF JusTiOE mid, he had seen the picture of one yesterday in a lawyer's publication. (A. laugh.) ME. Justice WILLS. -You wll find a good deal about it if you look into the books, on the question whether the tubmlan isto berated h the p nor. (Laughter.) Mr. Serjeant UAYES-.)?robably Mladdox's learned work on the Exchequer might have something about it. MIr. Justice Wrr,ns.-You will not uind a word about it - in hiaddox.. Mr. Serjeant HAYEs.-Then that " office" must be involved in impenetrable mystery, for If Maddox could not define its daties he did not know what they could be. He submitted that the Revising Barrister was wrong in not allowing the appellant's vote. The OmEn JusTCE said, he would not trouble Mr. Fleld on the other aide. He had no doubt whatever that the decision of the Reviidng Barrister was right, and that these persons weronot entitled to vote. The question turned on the 18th section of the Reform Act, which abolished the right to vote in respect of life freeholda except in certain cas0e, under one of which this case was contended to be. The whole question turned on whether the appellant's nomination as beadsman of Daventry was " a promotion to an offlce," and nothing appeared on the facts brought before the Court which would entitle them so to hold. He was far from saying that in some instances teadsmen might not be persons holding offices to which duties might be attached. But aU the Court found in thls case was that the beadsmen of Daventry were persons holding certain alms, and not persons holding offices in the legal acceptation of the term. One of the definitions of beadamen brought before them was, that they were persona who devoted themselves to prayer, and it might be not merely on their, own account, but for others; but there was nothing here. to show in what character these men were appointed. The Court could not assume that any duty attached to their offices. Ho was not at all satisfied that in the construction of the Act of Parliament they ought not to look to the duties of the offlce at the time the Act passed. But at the time of the passing of the Reform Act these beadsmen were simply in the reception of charity. It was, however, enough to say that nothing was brought beforethem to satls1f' them that these beadsmen stood in the posiUion of holding an " offlce." The other learned judges concurred, Mr. Justice CROWDER; ex pressdng his strong dissent from the arguments of the learned counsel for the appellants. Mr. Justice WILLIAIIS announced that he had sent to make Inquiries at Westminster Abbey, and had ascertairqeds that 12 beadamen were} appointed there by the Crown, wrhose duties were to conduct the offlciating clerg,y to their places and to show the public to seats. Appeals disallowed w/ith costs. WZST V. PhBSON. In this case Mr. MKontague Smith, Q.C., appeared for the appellants; Mfr. Hindmiarsh (with wihcm was Ir. Davison) for the respondents. Theappellants claimed to vote as Fellows of Lincoln College, I) orhain, entitled under the will of Lord Carewr to -an annuity of 10l. a year, arising out of landsin the parish of Hutnstonworth, in the counlty of Durham, and lands in Northumberland vested in trustees. The question arose under the 18th section of tho Reform Act, and it was contended that Inasmuch as the annuity was partly derivable from lands in MTorthuinberland the appellants were not entitled to vote in respect thereof for the county of Durhamn. The ease was argued at ereat length. The COunRT took time to comnsder its judgment. (SWtings at N{iaf Prius, at Guildlsai4 before Air. Jutteice CR;ESSVELL anud Cc7monm Juries.) BZERWICK V. HIORSPALL AND ANOTHE1R. Mr. Brett was counsel for the plaintiff; Mir. Edward James, Q.C., and Mr. Qunin appeared for the defendants. This was an action brought by the p Laintlffto recover from the defendants, owners of a vessel called the Cherokee, a sum offl84l 2s., beinBgthe balance ofbitsclaimnfor wages after the rate of 14L. per mnonth as captain of that vessel, on a vo;7agefrom Liverpool to the Bemn river on the coast of Africaw, and back again. A sum had been paid to the plaintiff sutfficient in amount to cover his wages up to the arrival of the Cherokee off the coast of Africa, and the do. fendants now pleaded (the declaration being simply for wages during the w7hole voyage), 1st, never indebted;2d, payment; and, 3d, that during the voya2e the plaintiff was constanly drunk, and that from drinidug h e became so violent as to make it necessary fr .the .afety of thecerew, the passengers, awnd the property of all aboard, to deprive him of his command. The trial of this cause occupLed the time of the Court during ,a great portion of the day, and many long arguments took place as to the admissibility of evidence, and, as the evidence came out, as to the proper form of action to entitle the plaintiff to recover. These arguments, if fully reported, would be w7ithout interest to the general reader, and inasmuch as by the verdict of the jury the real pitin issue remains unsettled, and thore is a troba. bility of another action in another form heing brought, we give merely such an outline of the case as wil in the event of ulterior proceedings being taken prejudice neither party. In October, 1856, the plaintiff sailed in command of the Cherokee, bound, on the A frican trade, for Benin. She had aboard a crew of 14 men. The chief mate's name was Thomas, and that of the surgeon Campbell. There wvas also aboard a person named Snape, who waS going out to fill the plaeo of trading master for the owners at Benin. The ship sailed on the 18th of October, and on the 4th of December when off" Cape three poiuts" the plaintiff went forwvard to search the forecastle for some tobacco and other things which he had missed from his cabin, when, to use his owsn words, "After I had gone down the hatchway t,he next thing Iheard was Snape and the mate come forward roaring out I wan no longer master, and I SaW two loaded pistols pointed at me by b3iniand the Doctor. I said' Do not shoot me and I willl bessB quiet as a lamb.' They tied my hands with the lead line, put 2rons on me, and I remained in that state in my cot until we got to the river Benin" The Cherokee arrived at Benin about the 23d of December, and on that day, or the day after, a Mfr. Cheethain, who was shipping agent to the defendants, came aboard, read over an entry2In the log made a few days after the captain had been put in irons, and signed by Snape and some of the crew, to the effect that the plaintiff was, on the 4th of December, so0violent from liquor that the course adopted on that day was necessary, and, having ascertained from a general affirmative answver on the part of the crew that the signatures and marks appended to such entry were genuine, disohargedthe captain. Afterwardsaninqu'ir was instituted, at the request of Cheetham, by Mr. Campbeli, the consul, and took plaeo according to Act of Parliamlent aboard the Bloodhound, a Queen's ship stationed there, the result of which was, that an opinion or judgment was signed by all the members of the Court held on the occasion, to the effect that Mr. Berwick's dismissal from the command of the Cherokee was necessary. A newr captain, named Tyrrel, was transferred from one of the deFendant's schooners to the Cherokee, and plaintiff was told to go home with her as a passenger. On the way home nearly all the crew fell sick, the captain (Tyrrel) included, and the plaintiff said that he did all the wrork of the vessel himself, w/ith the assistaneo nowv and then of such of the crew aS5 were able to help him; and ha;ving left almost all the hands ashore in Ireland brought her into Liverpool waith her cargo. Some excaminations in writing, taken by consent, weore read, and from these it appeared that, according to the testimony Of several of the crew, Mrz. Berwick was nevro drunk or violent, whilst from the deposition of Thomas the mate, which was the only evidence read for the defendants, the plaintiff Was always drunk, and frequently very violent. Trhe plaintiff denied both before Mr. Cheetham, before the board of inquiry in the Bloodhound, and at this trial that there was any foundation for the imputation cast upon him. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ h All the vidence having been adduced on either sIde Mr. Justice CofhEAt inotim atend his opinion to nr. Jtoslo, wt o was about to sum up, that the action was wrongly conceiveo; that it ought to have been brought for damages for a wrongful dismissal, and not for wages* and after a very lengthy legal argument, at the request of Mr. Brett, who made a most forcible reply on the whole case, the learned Jonsor, having gone earefully through the ase, left to the jurythefollowing questions :-Had Ms r Cheothami, the shpping agent at Benin, authority fron the defendants to dismiss Captain Berwick? Did he infact dismiss him? Was the conduct of the plaintiff in begto intoxicated and violent such as to justify the ad passengers inputting him in irons? erla The jury, after having retired for a short time, returned their verdict thus:-" We have no evidence of the authority of Cheettam to dismiss the plaintiff. He did dismiss him. We have no evidence of the captain's intocication." Mr. Justice CRZSSWELL.-I direct a verdict to be entered for the defendants on the first and second issues, and for the plaintiff on the third. KNOX Y. nUIISELL. ar. Prentice and Mar. Brandt appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Knowles, Q.C., for the defendant. In the month of June, 1855, Mrs. Bushell, the wife oF the defendant, arrived in England, wlth her children, from the Cape on a visit to this country for the benefit of her health. Mr. Bushell gave her 2001., and a credit upon the house of Bushell and Varey for 501. a-month. This house shortly after failed, and she only obtained one payment of 501. from it. In the course of six months Mrs. Bushell wished to return to her husband at the Cape, and took her passage for that purpose by the Palmyra. Not havinp money enough to pay the whole of her fare the plainti who was a friend of the faintly, lent her about 591. Some of this was applied to make up her passage-money, but about 231. was kept by her for other purposes. At Mrs. Bushel's request Mr. Knox also paid a few bills after she was gone, amounting in the whole to 101. While Mfr. BRAXIDT was examining the plaintiff as to the several siums paid by him on Mrs. Bushell's account, Mr. Justice CicSWELL interposed and said,-Mr. Brandt. Is the payment of a debt of thehusband a necessary? It I find you owe a sum to your tailor and go and pay it for ou, and then askl you for the amount, you would say, what usme6s had you to go and pay my debts without my leave? Mr. BsRAmr.-The debt is no doubt the debt of the husband; but if Mr. Knox had gone into a shop with Mrs. Bushell, and she had bought an article and he had paid for it, this would stil be paying the husband's debt. Mr. Justice CRESSiVELL.-The 101. cannot be recovered, and, as to the other sums, I cannot see what authority Mrs, Bushel had to make her husband liable. Mr. Psreso then argued the question at some length, but eventualla The learned TuDGE directed 3 zonsuit.
COURT OF E1CMEQ.JER. THuRsD.Ay. Nov. lq. NEv TRTAT PFArE VTTPwPO 17 Itrr (Sitting in Banco.) -ibs was &A wtoD on a charterpaty, the puncipai questioul ln which was whether-the conttaot was executed on the 16th or 27th of January. Od this question it appeared. that the plaintiff seut the charterparty from London to the defendant at Liverpool, who signed it and returned It in a letter, In which he requested the broker to send him book r cotmterpart execated by the merchant, which was accozdingly done on the 27th. The Chief Baron at figst was of opinion that the question was one foz the jury, and he aceordingly left it tothem to determine; but on reconsideration he ruled that the question, being one on the written instruments, was for the-judge to-determine, and he thereupon directed the jtry tbat in point of lAwthe contract must be taken to bear date on the 27th of January, and thereupon the jury found for the-defendant. This rule was subsequentlv obtained by the plaintif for a new triat on the ground of misdirection, which was now brought on for argument. Mr. Wn:nE and Mr. MeipLAy wOre counsel for the defendant, and argaed that the question had been taken into the bands of the judge with perfect propriety, and that it was clear that the defendant never meant to deliver the oLarterparty on the 16th as a perfect instrument, but as an escrow not to take effect till the counterpart had been procured. Mr. Bovill and Mr. T. Brown appeared for the plaintiff in support of the rule. The COURT were unanimously of opinion that the ruling of the learned Chief Baron was correct, and so the rule was disalarged. (Bings at Nisi Prius, at Guildhall, before Mr. Baron MARTiN and Comnmon Jruies.) REM. V. MACNAIARA AND OTHERS. This was an action brought to recover compensation in damages for injuries sustined by the plaintiff by reason of the alleged negligence of the defendants' servants. The defendants, the London General Omnibus Company, pleaded "NtGuilty." *Mr. Skinner and Mr. Powell appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Wilkinson represented the defendants. According to the evidene, adduced on behalf of the plantiff, he was a young man of 22 years of age, and iys in July last in the employ of a Mr. Bastable as conductor of one of the omnibuses which run between the Elephant and Castle and Kingeland. On the 11th of July the omnibus upon which the plaintiff was started from the Slower Pot, in Bishopcgate-street, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. When it arrived at the Eastern Counties Railwaystation the plaintiff called out to his driver to stop, as he wanted to put down three ladies. The driver pulled up accordingly, and the plaintiff put one hand upon the iron rai running round the top of his omnibus, and with the other he opened the door. At that momenit one of the London General Omnibus Company's omnibuses, which wasfollowing them, came up, and, instead of passing on the offside, where there was plenty of room, the driver attemptedto pass on the near side, and In endeavouring to do so the iron rail of the company's omnibus struck the plaintiff's hand and crushed it severely. He was taken to the London Hospital, where he remained for three weeks. He sffered a great deal of pain, and was given a large quantity of laudanum to make him sleep. He had continued an out.uatient until the resent time. He had received a salary of I?. lOs. per weel , which, together wiith his profits upon parcels, amounted to 21. 2s. per week. The plaintiff, in his cross-examination, said he had seen the defendants' omnibus at the Flower Pot. He did not get down when he let the ladies out, as he could amist them better where he was. The "opoition" had made them more civil and polite to ladies than they used to be. He would not swear that there was room for the defendants' omnibhs to pass on both sides. If hls omnibus had backed it might have prevented the defendants' omnibus passing. His omnibus only stopped for a short time. His omnibns was being "nursed" by two of the company's omnibuses. Mr. Baron MARiT].-Wbat do you call "nursing?' The Plaintiff.-It is sending one omnibus in front of our omnibuses and another behind, so as to prevent us from taking up passengers. Mr. BEaron lARin1.-Is that what you call " nursing " I hould call it treating it as X stepehild The Plaintiff.-Yes, we used to be " nursed' by two omnibuses belonging to the defendants' company from Rings. land-gate to the Flower Pot, and when we came in sight v mran blow a whistle as a signal, and then two of the oom. pany's Welingtons came to "nurse" us over the water. (Laughter.) Croagexamination continued.-His master's omnibuses *did not "nurse" the defendants omnibuses. His master had no omnibuses running until after the London General Omnibus Company had purchased the " times." The driver of the omnibus upon which the plaintiff was riding stated that he left plenty of room for the .company'g oimnibus to pass on Its proper side. He did not back his horses after pulling up. I Several passengers and bystanders were called, who gave similar evidence. The medical gentleman who attended upon the plaintiff while hetwas at the hospital aid that when she plaintiff was brought there his hand was split open, the thumb being almost torn away from the fingers. He was afraid at first that it would have been necessary to amputate the hand. There was a great deal of inflammation, and the ,lain ff would never recover the use of his thumb, as the tnsA' - had sloughed away. Tne defence was, that the acident was caused by the negs ligence of the driver of Bastable's omnibus, in backin his omnibes when the defendants' omnibus was passing beMPd 'him by the only passage left open. The witnesses caUed en behalf of the company swore that Bastable's omnibus was drawn diagonally across the road, so as to prevent the defendants' omnibus being driven past on its proper side, but, there being pienty of room on the other, the driver was endeevouring to pass when, from some cause or another, Bastable's omnibus backed a little way, struck the defendants' omnibun, and ihus caused the accident. Mr. Enrm~ JASsils having summed up the defendants' !r. SnNmxsR replied upon the whole case. Mr.Baron MAsNf, in summing up, said that, although he did not consider that any negligence on the part of the 1river of Bastable's omnibus would absolve the defendants from their liability if their driver had contributed to the acoident by his negligence, yet, to prevent the case coming up again, he would take their opinion upon that point. Thsy had, then, to make up their minds as to whether or not the ,defendants' driver had been guilty of negligence, or whether he was wholly free from the imputation. If they found .hat the accident was caused entirely by the negligence of the defendants' driver their verdict would be in favour of 'he plaintiff, and they would give him such moderate damages as they considered would comcensate him for the Xoss of his situation, which would amount to 401. He was also entitled to compensation for the pMn and suffering he had endured, and also for the permanent injury to his hand. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, with 1001. damages, at the same time giving it as their opinion that there had been no negligence on the part of Bastable's driver,
COURT OF AICHES. Nov. 19 (Before Sir J. DODSO?.) The Couzt was occupied until the time of Its rising in deciding questions respecting the admission of various articles in an allegation in a suit for the restitution of con. ju al ri hts. ZIr. oberb Cadogan Rothery was this mnorning admitkd a proctor of the court with the usual formalities.
COURT OF BA.YBKUPTCY, BasinghaUstfe4 yot. 19. IN ltE COLONRTL \VTT.T.T A7 % ...' - (Before Mr. Commsaioner FoNB LAwouE.i Mr. LniKLATEt, for the assignees, said that the oase had ben three or four times before the Contt onL the question of the bankrupt's ist examination. The bankrupt had nct surrendered, but it was suggested that his absence was occa. sioned by illness. Tho bankrupt, it appeared, left th's country shortly before his bankraptcy for Franco. He next found his way to Spain, where he was allegedii to be stis1 Sojouming. His liabilities were very large, and all parties were very anxious to get the fullest information how the!r money was gone. Mr. Lawrance, as representing the banik. rapt, had been kind enough to furnish him with copies of letters received since the last adjournment. The information contained in those letters was altogether unsatisfactory and the creditors were becoming very anxious and impatient. The petition for adjudication of bankruptcy was presented so far baok as the 13th of April, and the assignees now thought it high time that the bankrupt Bhould mnake hie appearance. There were no affidavits on the present occasion. All the Information they had was contained in the letters and certificates which Mr. Iawrance had been so good as to hand to him, and which he would now read:- My d arS, h-Ihave arrived sofar on ay journey, b;lt fin bealtrb predutdeas me from pcceeding bad I bad vishbee and intended, 1 have written to the medical gentlemn wlo last attended mae for a cortificate. which will be forwarded on Its arceiSt. It was contrayto tbe advice of my phbipcia and my family my even makng the aittempt I have done. I much regret my 5nabiltty to proceei, as I Wus anxiou3 to see yo3 and lay before Son a proposLl tor a settlement with ..3y creditors1 a persnal explanation of chtch would hve been far mere eatislacirgr than a written one.a I will send you in a few days ths 3rrargement I have to Proimep .nd trust you wiltlend it althe aidn ye uow,er to carry it Into ' I am delaedin forwardi nRthisto you.ss I bave tom3ke aprOpc3aa 519 to the bank commrit'ee at the Pamotlimmo asIt Is based on an aree. ment of aU partites conerred. both proposals should be BiQultaneou,. "Ill health has also Drevented me being as forwsrd with these anrangements as I could bave wthhed. as there is no Consul herc I am anable to send an affidavit, but was It in my power to do so I could on y repeat the oue sworn to at Macceiltes, and this I could meot conicientious!y do, as I am qutto aa IlI es wheu I aDreared before Dr. Peeondiin June 1,st. "Yours faithtnlly, ".Mesrs DsLaaauce aud Plowg. . P -. P. WAUGa." DearSirs-AsI fuls xpeced, " Manz snares, Oct. 31, 1857. " Desr Sira-As I lullv exDected, Colonel Waugh is unoable t:, proceed any fuzther on his journey at prDeent. The plain ard simple troth is that he is Quites unfit to undY9rgo ensc exottion, aud the auxiety he has suffered In wishing to meet and nlake an arrangement with his creditors has geantly Inc"e sed his maaisir. which is one requiring per. Sect rest and mental trauquillty. " I cannot belleve it would be advantageous to his credtors to force bim to an act tbat in all ptobability would coat him his lre. He has therefore at last comented to take the ad`ice of his medical attendant, and., atmy esrest Interoesseon, wiUl not at present proceed to ' Iremain yours faithfullv. "Messra. Lawrance and Plows," MARtY MURRAY WAUGH. "1Maneaneces, Nov. RI. My dear SIcs-1 have the pleasure to enclose you the medio3l certificateas forwarded to me. As ittIsby the aue medical atrenaant s thonee forwardedinSeptemberilast,ltrttatthe alidavit wfilnot he of con( equence. -I much xegret my health bas prevented me returing. I am totally unab'e to proceed at present. I hope to vrite again very ohartly to see if come arrangement amnot be arrived at. "Yours raithtus ly W Messs. Lawrance and Plews." " V P. WAUGE. Mr; LIINKLATER continued.-The passage in Mrs. Waugh' letter that the colonel " was unable to proceed any farther on his journey at present" was the only evidence they had of his having proceeded on the road. That would seem to be Implied by the letter, but the assignees had-received no intimation of the fact. He (Mr. Linklater) feared that the plain and simple truth was that the colonel in being thus absent was in a state of happiness in which all bankrpts likedto indulge, and more especially in Buuh acase as Colonel Waugh's. The words " at my earnest interceesion he wil not at present proceed to Bngland" throw a little light on the matter, but the assignees thought that the colonel had no inltention of coming. The CoammsstoxtEL-Wtere is the letter dated fMom? Mr. LnIBATm.-From Manzanazes. Somewhere no doubt on the high road to England. M r. I wLArScBi.-I have made inquyir of a member of tho Geographical Society, and am informed that the place of date is somewhere.in Spain. Mr. LtLTEEP ne_t pruod a iertifcate, of which the folowing Is a copy ntnud: ner San Bank Nos 2 cetir ofy thao oSenor Dofo Coonei waugh ban tppied aeuain s vvee aftate that he Is ft as arlously i as when I lru t adse t to PacOOed to England. I feet certain any mental anxiety would be most dallgeroua, and'mightt cause his death, In his wereen ns eta and ou inomxin Tbywnedt hreoethes and =nt ar dIth Dr. Prondi of MThered that perfect eov' be tola m intt te eatetIty in'his om n,. " JE&N B. FOROAD3. Mnr. no& vxtbe continueh L :-The Eastern Bank twas a Mreltor of the olonel's for aboul 280, 0001, afd the securities it hela were Of a merely nominal value. The bankrupt had other debts to a considerahle amount, and yet the creditors were thus kept without information. They wanted to know how this large anount of debt had &risen. Th creclitors wouId now be told that, the winter season having come on, it would not be safe for the bankrupt to travel, and that his arrival could not be expected before April Matters had arrived at such a Poitiorn that the proceedings in bankruptcy must, he thought, take their nayaral coulse, and Colonel Waugh be left to take the consequences. Mr. LAWRANAE said he could not hnt feel that the documente handed in were umsupportedl by affidavit. Tlhe Co eudSof tt.TAnd Sost loose oven if they were sar. toAWRAEE pohssaid he would admit that the poeition of afi wkaslexhocteedingly unsatelafaotoh, and that it would becbetter tohave thre colonel here himself than the intimationeofksome generalearrangement being In prospect. Thel sas a place wheinquired if the bankrupt was so Ill {how lat wasjunmn that he would nt Spain 1 nesifra inorSpgin?ally in MarsMeile Fron there eore orpother hot to Sin. Mer. LAwR&naEatS war fitat rtiatg which is a favourable climate for pulm onr affections. lt is not aug. gested that Colonyel Waugh too property with hm. Wt. 9:len'Ts Intimated nto this statement. Mr. LAhWRo& .othing more t t to pay his expenses. Mrs. Waugh has a private wotchand wh will, no do?bt, be aswn itupour. Mir. a concluded bysg hi a, ste ol not' get Colonel Waugh him,Eo tbe-vest cou would bc to forward through some pubUio of tionay in Spain t string of interrogatoxiea to the Mr. P z could not adopt such a course There would be no end of it. The aonters given to the first ques- tions might disclose something which would render it necls-I sary to put others than those o srwlrded. It was omewathw reumarkable how the colonel had found hiskway from Franc across the Pyrenee Upon the whole, he thought the best course was to concede one more short adjournment, with the remak that one of the alleged places of residence of the colonel was a place where he had never been seen. His HONOUr ordered an adjournaent to the 19th of anuaryw ath 12,olvent poslth lk O t tis nwuld Hoatively be thelhast adfourntec moment thathewould atloeunles inforun a- ..o ernfinitelnt moet expici shoud belsgiven. the had vry slom sv rbeen seatrsfactor mdiceall cetificoate to England andeirpouldon apparthlat thegfurthertey wenethe abroadithes mho re munsatisfator theywr fmound.fbtre 7,01 n IN RE EVAUNS AND HJOAlE. The bankTupts were export wine and beer merchants, of Great St. Helenfs and elsewhere. This was an adjounmed examination meeting. Mr. Sleigh (instructed by Messrs. Dimmock and Burbe,y appeared for the assignees; Mr. Linklater for Evans b MrrLawrance for Hoare.; and Mr. Doria for Messrs. Hoare anc Co., brewers, creditors for upwards of 20,0001., as the balance of trnsettons of very great magnitude. Mr. LAWonih said he understood the assignees did not object to the bankrupts' accounts, but that their ofrie were rather directed to the shipMents to Australia anelshve where, and the quality of the g toods sprie. Under thes circun stances he supposed the bankrupPtsmight pass. Mr. SLEIGH thouget that before the benkrupts should pasa it was excaedingly desirable that Mr. Goodrich, arraember of the wrm of Hoare and Co. thould be examined. It was not possible to foresee what bearing thatrexamination might have on the bankruptsn examination. Messrs. Hoare and Co. had been mixea upawith the bankrupts In by no means an ordinary way. They well knew the insolvent position of Evans and Hoare yeas ago, and that from the commenoement of their accounts they were Insolvent; yet they had bolstered the bankrupts up for two or three years, and done all they could to conce.A their position, until at length there ware other crelditors who were mulctea to the amount of between ?0,0001. and 80.0001. The evidence given by the bankrLpts was remarki able, and it remained to be seen whether it would be corroborated by that of Mr. Goodrich. The bankrupts' books *had been so kept that their insolvency must at all times have been m3anifest. The Co=SSIuiNsim?x..-I shall pass the bankrupts' examination withx an understanding that it will not stop any incuirdigy, ari tLwRANcz saied the bankraptso would, as heretofore, be happy to furnish every information. Mr. Sn Gsr.-Talk of information I The assignees have only this morning been furnished with particulars of the unsold shipments. r. Ltsmenti r urged that the statement just made of Evans having been for yeskrs perfectly insolvent was not warranted. So far from It, he was largely before the world. Mr. SLIsGH.-I did not make the statement without due considertion. 1 trust your Honour will now allow Mfr. Goodrich to be examined. We could not get on with it in private. The presence of your Honour will probably have the desired effect. br. DOSh A urged that the examination of Mr. Goodrich had been broken off by the whims of the parties appearing for the assgnee. Mr. SLEmGH-Whims I The fact is we could not get any aswer at all at the first. pr. DoRtrA.-You would only taLke answers that suaited youarself. The Coutnssiomxs said Mr. Goodrich could be examnined on a future day. An adjournment was ordered Durng he rocedigs r. assotwished to mnake a statmentin r ottothe ankrpts'position anid their trasacion wlMesrs.H cre nd o.,but was informed by te Curt hathe culdonlybe eard by his counsel
POLICE. GuIlDUALLL.-A ladylike-looking woman, about 30 years of age, who gave the name of Eliza Perkins, but who has on several occasions figured in the names of Williams, Emaley, ard other aliases, was charged with obtaining money under false pretences. John Empson, the proprietor of the Black Bull in Holborn, said,n-O the 9th of the present month the prisoner came to my house about 5 o'clock in the afternoon. She arrived in a cab with three children and a female servant, and said she had bere recommended to me by the waiter at Ridley's Hotel, as they were foll there and could not take her in. She askedme if I could accommodate her for a few days, as she had just come from the country to transact some businers with her solicitor in town,. I asked if she had any luggage and she said she had, and that it would arrlve on the morrow, after which she requested me to discharge the cabman's claim, amounting to 3s., for bringing them from the Waterloo station vid Charing-cross. I paid the money, and she, after sending the servant home to sleep, came in with her tbree children. She also gave me to understand that several of her friends had put up at Ridley's, and that they had recommended her there. Upon the 10th she went out, saying she was going to visit her guardian, a Mr. Eales, of hlMLner-square, Islington, and when she returned, about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, she appeared greatly agitated, and, throwing herself into my arms, said her guardian was dead. She commenced crving and pretended to faint, and after I had succeeded in getting her upstairs I paid s!e cabman's demand of 3s. and sent him away. I then requested her to pay the bUll for her hoard and lodging, amounting to 18s., but she said she had not sufficient money. I told her she could not have anything else on credit, upon which she said she would be going to her solicitor's the next day, when she would pay me. I told her I would not allow her to stay beyond the following morning in my house. She was, however, apprehended the same mght on another charge. Prisoner.-Mr.Empson's servant went with me to Mrx Eales's, but I found he had died on the Thursday previous. Mr. Empson.-The names of her solicitors are Church and Langdon, of Southampton-buildings, and since she has been in custody I find that she did not come direct from the Waterloo strtion when she came to my house. Francis Ennis, of 50, Jowin-street, said,-The prisoner came to my house in a cab on Friday evening, the 6th of November. She had three children with her, and said she had come from the Fenchurch-street station, and had been to Mr. Moore's, in Chiswell-street, where she was told they could not acconmmodate her, and referred her to me. She remained with us until Monday, the 9th, when she left about 12 o'clock in the day. She had only board and lodging at my house. I have since ascertained from Mr. Clarke, of Doctors'-coramons, where she was last before she came to me. Prisoner.--Re has not said that lie paid two cab fares for me, and that I repaid him the Os. within an hour after. Witness-I was not asked the question; but it is quite true that she did pay that amount, but not until my wife demanded it. Alderman C2ALLis.-You ought to have mentioned that circumstance in your evidence in chief. Prisoner.-When I told him I could not pay him he inssted upon myleaving the ho use that night wvith mychildren. I said it was very unhandsome treatment, as t had taken the rooms for a week. I then referred him to Mr. Eales and Mr. Church. Witness.-She never mentioned either of these names to me. * Police-constable 226 said,-I took the prisoner into custody at the Black Bull Hotel on Tuesday, the 10th of November last upon another cbarge similar to this, and she was taken before the magistrates at Clerkenwell, when she was remauded for a week and discharged Nesterday for waut of evidence. I then took her into custody upon the present charge. I Inquired at the Waterloo Station and was informed by the stationmaster that the prisoner had no luggage Owaiting there. I then called upon Messrs. Church and Langdon. and learnt from the latter that a friend of his at Liverpool was Interested for the prisoner's e dest girl, and would provide for her scbooling, &c., but he would do nothing for the prisoner herself. Prisoner.-I expect nothing for myself, it is only on account of my children that I have any business with tbem. Alderman CHALLIS.-You must be aware, prisoner, that the worst part of the case against you is the false pretence with regard to the waiter at Ridley's having sent you to MIr. Empson's. Prisoner.-I assure you, Sir, it is no false pretence. Ridley's was full, and I asked the waiter if he could recommend me to any other respectable hotel, and ho seat me to 'the Black Bull. Mrs. South, of Richmond-road, Islington, a lady who was victimized to the extent of nearly 101. in a similar manner, with the additional representatIon made by the prisoner that she was expecting a large sum of money, the produce of the sale of some Indian estate, which is never likely to be realized, also complained; bat as she had taken steps to recover by civil process, it converted the matter into a debb. and therefore deprfived he of ber remedy by a criminal prosecuton. FWom paEpesihat wrere handed in it further appeared that ol-- tha e saot,,,~ng ,wk,,,hesheekh,.,$ ; the prisoner ivts ho, some few yearslback, persecuted the ant em. Thrth`eroe, eiL. for Bristol, with her rot.n,ities On behalf of -her clhildren, of whom she allegedhe was the father, since which she transferred her Attentions to A worthy member of the legal profesion, who, t, onsequenc of the great annoyance she caused him, had hn bhond ovoer to keep the peace. The prisoner, who speaks with a slightly Irwsh apcent ha a very prepossessig ape ranc and, from her language and m annes seems to hlve hae a veryoespettable education, was then remanded for farther inquiry. We ar6 requested to acknowledge the receipt of 10s. in stamps for the poor-box from a persoa who desired it might appear ia The Tim. under the hIead of " Short rekonings, &u, dou't apply." B oW-Sm n-Gorg e Cooper and Henry Rutland, the former a convicted thief, who od btut lately come out of p rsenaftr "ervng"18 ont,, erecharged with enter- Joyg th8 ouse ofM dnsormn, deeclv borceshaldr, haowro palce,ad stveadlingte from one ofoudbr the bleigaatents the Policeman Cole, of the "A. reserve," attached to the E division, was on duty In Tottenihani-street the pvon, evenig, and sAw the prsoners with b large bun*re. He watched them, and a they were e atering a cob with their bundle came upon them and attempted to aprehead them. They, however, t awny, and, abandoning th bundle, took to their heels. He pursued them and raised a hue and Cry in whicl Cooper joined, pretendinglto bh a passenger awho b fallen iu wtith the pbysmer. Ent Cole, who had not lost sight of either captured Cooper, and Rut land was apprehended by anot6er constable, who came up opportunely. Mrs. Norman, the wife of prosector, said that at 8 o'lkok the things were safe in the bedroom. On entering teroom tgotobed at nght she mised them for the frst time There were no sgns of any forcible entry. The thiever mnust either have got in by zueazsof afalse key,or must bave found the doors uastened, Mr. HALL committed both prisoners for trial. MAMMoROIUGH. ST M.WMiam Burnett, EllenMls Ijdd fBmdtdah8f',tnd Mufahry oothm andMa -nls e e reerasied, charged withben concerned erth ames Sankey the a oliceman, and the oman MatildaeRoss, nowaiwaiting theis trial, in theaetensdlveplander at the houe of thre Sarahx Aikmean, No. 8, Grat PortlAnd-street, of which the policemau had been plAcedinchage. The last eoamination of the prisoners was on the l2thin and the above-mentio,d mafke no less than fved implioaten in this extensive robbery, the amount of which has been estimated, at upwards o fna B t .Joy, 38 of the A division, detective force said, he pro- iuced five duplicates which he found beosde the bedn a" roomoccpie by he risner urntt,in Groat Earl-street, daig The prisonerh wasinbede atra withe time. Two of thee upicte reatd o rtcle Ienifedby Miss Aik- mae.ty a lsothe founrted a her, " l a tin ne t' c lodging which fIts the markUs foundonboxesandakedrawrsy at 68, Great Podartland-treet. tet ame ow,ws ormn edwand tJohn feager,sly anssiting To a ahll wnlyreleenars rof ed a stin sdaugteric was plXedg 'ata 9r materTq opb omeitt-d the prisoner Breto bBewga o Then prloe r n ot. hvu h ali tedn vsloe IB1B eorge.AJkman Identified the article produced by the previou, witness, which he said belonged to his sister, Mis Roas4bella Robertsvon Aikman. Polle-sergeant Potter said that after the prisoners were remanded last Thuosday he returned and made a closer Eaerceh, and found at the mCle prisoner's lodging, behind the cpboar, 24 lateh and skeleton keys and a oentre bit. Th case being now completed, Mr. Bs?GHAM fauly cornraitted Bumnett aud Mill for trial, and Mary Eoglisis, the landlady of Barnett, was dischargedL. It is undesntood thatre pofm ee are in possestomn of pro- bena stolen, bu orwhich e h m re y h h aa e not y ie beenabtheto fIoowners. among :-property ther is a slr _engne baker, W. an Y .a eesley, Lieroo," No. 2,346; a-- the, . and "JusUtIta, Is., for a poorwoman named hatton, whose husband Is now undergoing nine months' hard labour for mnost brutal assaults upon her and her daughter - and ItJ. F.," 5s. ; " 0.E," - "1 RE B.," Is. - and t ]4S.~ 2.. 6d., for a woman name1 Burt, the w;idow of a Postoffice clerk in Australia, who foolishly contracted a second marriage with a man -who made away with all her pro-. perty and thien deserted her, leaving her chargeable to the parish. CLERXENwELL.-4oseph Dr&ke, carrying on business as adairymanatBayhain-street,Camden-town,aormnd charged with f7oniously mmlt AUeas Tonms reanhd, only leve R~sof age, the dlaughcof Police-constable Mr. TRWmrj comittd th prionr to Newgatc for tril, ut onsnte toaccpt wo ureiesi the suLm of M0. Theprionr nt hvig te bllin ttndance was lGocked L.A3=mTH-An old gentleman whose name did not tran. spire, but who represented himself to be the friend of Mr.- Wills, the mother of the hopeful brothers John Blair and Thomas Fenton Wills, called and handed to the chief clerk 801. in banknotes, the amount of that lady's recogoiz,.nco, and which she had forfeited to the Crown by the non-ap. p1oearaceofher son Fenton on thae day before to be further examned n th charge of miaking a false statement in the notice WhLich he had given of his marriage with his brother's wife.
IAdvertisement.]-Tho Rev. C. I. Spurgeon's new work, be Sant ad hi Svour.o thb Progrem of tbe Sou) in the x,ow ieege of Jesus.- With a Portrait ot tile author. --rne,s in its tome, tnatural in ita diction, familiar In its Imagery, eonTuing in its utterances, porensse in Its Papp "ea.Brh R=nnr. "Ter ' cn yat ages in tbis volumo Which SPeLk from the beart to tD, beat.- Critic. " E vince an aequaintan:e with ebO inern life tofthe beiever surprisingly exItnstre and aocurato.",-Balla Wckldy. 1.eaeg COniala aTaluat,le body of erperlmetaUt divinity, exDounded and ap led with anoriglnasit andracines3 which we should elsewhere Ioicfor to vrain."-- as-rnuig Advertiser. L,ondon, James &.Virtue, and so'AbyA. Hlall, Virtue, andOo.,2o, Patetnoster-row. [Advertisomenlt c1To the Licensed Viotualet of Rngulard.- Seetile ` _ newapaper of Novestber 2l for Import'nt &dr tbe's to License Victuallerz upon the Present CLsndltiou and uture, Prospects of the Trade, by the United Townse Asociation antPLicenuss1 Victualer' Deforince League, where operatIons and proeedingswillsacedar tvery week in the "Era" under tho Society's own superintendenceh erb every interostingtopi of the week.-Theatrcal and lesotle at hooepy an aroad,bw original rotereelnelyfor the Tra." iniportas t Letter from )elht uad Luck-now, &o. Orer of a!i newsaeentA at eversrIwytainored six postage stamps to the Era-ofille, 5, Catbcrn-tet tad [Advertizement.]_Dia1 Dstoes. from Delhi, 'with fnle partichulroy f tie allo the Oltc rt's be ondy Sermonsthe Goodl Iteform Cocaine-Wooden Nutragly Work for Women -Rie-conquered Ind] rtruuen non and Commerce-A Ca,o of Compound Bigamy, Perjry,and W e t. Paucr. and li inhumnan Tzoaimnsiof t oo-at ame tar eform ManiertO- iots by Unemployd nrtI- at iNoinehs-lbourder and Highway Robbeiy near m.esthaF eou neCal-git Flee; 13 COUler3 Sbeobioesoltarthe o the tor tckrren uuee r Emigrant The Fxecutlon of Darla for W bor-el D Inture of a Ghosnt. t " L1oyd'aWeeky London Ntws;aper. Editedt oyB IsrhrdJersold. tA'T afe vekly we t8,Mt. Established I iSiS.Cntains 60 ColumnIS o the mst varednd Interestitg Intelligence; printed by Ifoe'u fast American printing machine at tihe rate of 15.000 copIes per boor, thereby enabling the publication Of newse to t lateet moment rmush later than any other newSapase). rites 2d.. Of any Dewge. t cA IS.; a e nt pest free on reeipt of tbhree passage stommug-E.rIaos'. 2.Hlslueihr.sosuamS LOOdOO SAdvertisement.]-Dlspatch Aot1as--GrAt1S.-On suxa&y 3emt aea cOTy Ot the Dispatch WiMl be atoprSc ed by abmall of Lombnrdy and Venice, artItI,all t o redr To prevent tU e lsoibtillty of disappointment cn uent upon the enor SSW of ttheDispatch those aus deionsuocpo5eoUln the DIsrssch9Oulsre&d Atlasa3re informed that should tee newspaper bo out of paint with. Which any pseetiular map has beeIn Orosented such map cal always' be obtained with the paper for the curreat or any futetr week., ai Fr:dss' vening edition may be receired In the mosft dfitant pasta o tb kingdom on SaturdaY morning. The isue of mass, SoW. 1ft rensinerrf se yarilli ben;al= s olw : Ncov. %,India ~ Ponau; ec 6,th Nrter potin f heGesitea a olda
MILITARY -AD AV AL INTALLIG.NCB. Yesterday an orderwasrecwvedfromtheWar-offioe bytho Commandants of the 1st, 2d, and 3d battalions at Chatham garrison directing them to hold In readineas 500 men of all ranks, with a proportionato number of o'dicers, selcoted from the various lndian depOts at Chatham, to embak on the 1st proximo for India, for the purpose of reinforcing their regiments serving in the Bengal, adras, and Bombay PresIdencies. GeneralLordSeaton,Commander-iunChief of theForcesin ireland, accompanied by Colonel the Eton. James Colborne, }imjtary secretary, and Captain Peacock, aide-de-camp, arrived in Cork on Monday. IHis Lordship proceeded, accompanied by his aide-de-camp, together with General Eden an& Sta£% to the barnacks for the purpose of holding the annual inspection of the garrison. A second battalion is to be added to the 8th (King's) Reglment, part of the staff of whlch proceeded on Monday toliuttevant for the purpose of raising and drilling the. regiment. The first batlon is serving in India and the depotis in Chathan. Second battalions are to be added to all the infantry regiments from the 1st to the 20th inclumive. The 14th are raising their second battalion in Cork garrison. Pare of the second battalion of the 3d Buffs, numbering about 170 rank and file, arrived in Cork on Saturday from Limnerick, under command of Maijor Sargent, and are to proceed to Canterbury. The romainder of the battallon will follow. A draught of the Royal Marine Light Infantry, number. Ing 13 non-commlonedoffioers and men, leit head-quarters, Chatham, yesterday, and embarked on board the Edinburgh, 60, screw steamer, attached to the reserve at Sheernes. Yesterday 54 non.comminssioned officers and men belonfIng to the 14th, 28th, and 57th Regimnents left St. Mary s Barraoks, Chatham, for the purpose of joining their respective depOts. The screw stean transport Leopold I., Captain Lining, lying off Woolwich pier, has the whole of her sea stock on board, and has commenoed shipping a sdege train from the Arsenal for Kurrachee. She in under orders to embark 600 troops of the Royal Artillery and Infantry from Woolwich, Portsmouth, and Cork, and X expected to sail about Thursday next from Woolwich, calling at the above-named ports, under tral of her machinery for the satisfaction of the East India Directors, In whoee service she is engaged. She wll then steam direct for her destination, putting in at St. Vincent's, the Cape, and the Mauntih for coaL The teopold I. is a sister vessel to the Prince Albert (lxte Duo deiabant), and is the property of the Transatlantic Company. She was built at Antwerpby Messrs. John Cockerell and Co of Liege, and oost the company about 80 0Ot She was'launched in 1855. tit hus dnce performed tdnee successful voyages to New 'Iork as a passenger veeL Her crew consists of 90 offioers and men, she is of 2,500 tons burden, and her nominal tonnage about 1,400 tons. The Royal Mall Company's steamship Australasian is ordered to be surveyed by the East India Company, with a view to her being taken up as a transport vesselfor India. Sergeant-Major Wilson, U1th battalion Royal Artillery, at head.quarters, Woolwich, has been presented by Lord Pannure with a Pinrt-Lieutenancy in the Forfar and Kincardine Artllery Regiment In aoknowledgment of long and meritorious services in the Royal Artillery Regiment. Dnrb3g the late war Sergeant-Major Wilson was appolited drill instructor to the corps to whioh he is about to be gazetted.
ADELPHI THEAP-TRE. Proorustes, in lopping off the limbs of a tall traveller to suit the shortness of his couch, never displayed greater zeal than has been exhibited by the manager of the Adelphi in trimming down the drama of the HeadUls .ran to aecom. xncdate the taste of his public. On Monday last disapproval was expressed from two distinct motives. The third act was deemed too long, and the Pandemonium with which the whole concluded was deemed too revolting. Both defects were to be remedied by one grand operation, and accordingly Mr. Webster has not only hewn away the Infernal catastrophe, but he has also tahen off all the incidents consequent upon the Count's death, Including the aperance of that unfortunate nobleman's ghost,-thus ma3ing the punishment of hls viCoous hero fall on his head Immediately after the perpetration of the murder. The marvel Is that such extremely bold surgery did not demolish the piece altogether, but, far from this being the case, the wort has gained in vitality by the vigorous amputation. Indeed, the strange fortunes of the principalpersonage who lives and acts after his head has been severed from hisbody, are excelled by those of the piece itself, which flourishes after a cutting process equally uncompromising. The tender of conscience and the short in patience are now satisfied alike and the " headless man" may hold up his head with a boldness that could not have been anticipated from the results of Monday.
MAR YLEBOHE INSTITUTION. The course of lectures on " Painting and Painters," delivered by Mr. Henry Ottley, at this institution, is a great ad. vance on the single lecture entitled " An Hour wth the Old Masters," which was given last year. Not only has he widened the limits of his subject so as to comprise all the celebrated schools, instead of confiniSg himself to the aitists of Italy, but the several stages of his critical history are illustrated to a degree not before contemplated by a lsrge collection of engravings, while additional interest is given to the discourse by the exhibition of several original pictures, lent by their owners for tho purpose. The two lectues already delivered have been ocoupied with a history of the origin, culmination, and decadence of Italian art, in which the peculiarities of the great masters are explained and the causes of decline clearly pointed out. Mr. Ottle's creed is strictly orthodox. He repels all attempts to undervalue established names, and upholds the standard of acknowledged classicality. Never. theless, with tespect to individual wvorks he has opinions of his own, and these he expresses freely, challenging his audience to test them by a ComparisOn with the pictures before their e7es.
ThaE NwE REFowru MAIFEsTo.-There is a clique of well-intentioned gentlemen, membersof Parliament and others, reformers of the British constitution, who have, during the last few year, assuimed so many designations and such varlous functions that we hardly know how to address them at tho present moment; but whom we know to be incessantly diving beneath the tide of current affairs and invariably comsD up I at the wrong time. When we say that their 1aer is Roeback, M .L and their opposite extremity Mr. Samuel Morley, f'ormerly one of the Eecretaries of state to that mysterious combination of - fortuitous atoms," the Administrativo Reform Association, our readers will, no doubt, be able to tll up the rest of the canvaws for themselves. They constitute, as we have already stated, a well-meaning body, which, as a matter of course, enjoys that faculty for giving offence to anybody who Js not prepared to go the entire length with it which invariably attaches to all grades of "well-meaning" people. Its proceedings are generaly composed of a strong dose of assumption, a spice of infallbility, a colouring of diotation, and a large measure of truth and justice, done up In a very crude form. The last combination of these 2ngredieats is in the shape of a "Manifesto to the people of England, embodying a scheme of Parliamentary reform." The signers of the manifesto disolaim Iall right or desire to dictate ;"1 but we munst say that thep receding pragraphs smack strongly of that tincture of tfiEbility which, as we have remarked, usually tinge8 their productions. The six noints put forward to be reled upon for effecting a more complete and satisfactory representation of the country in Parlamuent bear a stroi;g family likeness to those embodied Into what was called the "People's Charter," but, pr dently enough, do not advise the franchise to be given to every male who can stagger to a baUot-box aLnd vote for a representative to be paid for his "natriotism.", We do not quite admit that the alot, even as "adopted in the Australian colonies," is certain to be an Lnfallible nostrum against all the evils that elective "flesh is heir to." When, in addition to It, an Act of Parliament can be fraraed to put cUnning and avarice out of the human heart, then, and then only, will there be no bribery and corruption. The printers are the only peeole, we think, who would benefit by triennial Parliaments,-but oer opinion has been so often expressed upon these " points" that it would be but wasting our time to redisouss them. The great question is, whether good or bad, is this a time to obtrnde them upon thepabllomind, aready staggering under a load of responsibility incurred wSthout any fault of their own, after a definite promise to bring forth a new Reform Act had been given ? Custards aro very nice things, but nevertheless we should object to eat them with boiled mutton. So, reform is good; but, mixed up with a suspension of the Bank Act, a monetary crisi, an Indian mutiny, and a Chinese dispute, we should imagine that It was not likely to obtain anything like fairplay; and therefore, for its owrn sake, should be spared a conflict with such exciting topics, the claim of which to immediate attention may not be denied or postponed. The discusslon upon a new Reform Bill is the only great question before the public that can be adjourned - and even if a Ministry were a machine that only required to be wound up to go on till the end of the session, we suspect that the rawv materlal of hours and minutes which certain members of the House of Commons have such a capacity for consuming would not sulice to bring that question to a satisfactory solution.- Mcanchester Guardian. TEX U=TnxLOYmD OPERATivEs.-NoTTiNGTAm,r Thursday.-In consequence of the violent conduct of ome of the lowsr orders in brealdng the windows of a number of provision shops in the town after attending the meeting of the unemployed in the market-place onTuesday afternoon, a number of special constables were summoned to assemble yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock, butthere being no appearance of a repetition of the disorder that occurred the previous evening they were discharged at 6 o'clock, fThe meetng of the operatives held on Tuesday was adjourned to Friday afternoon. This, however, has been forbidden by the Mayor and malgistrates, who have Issued the following notice: Wherewa a public meet"ng took place In the market-piace of this town yesterday. convened wlithout the anthorlty aud contrary to the advice of the mayor and magistratew. and which was used by many evil-disposed inhabitants of Nottingham and Its vicinity as a Dre-xt for riot and disorder. This lato give notice that the mayor and maglsirates feel it their duty-to prohibit such meetincs fcr the future, andL deeply,vp&thlrlnAiPth toe industriouos and well-disposed of their fellowctizens who, in ooncequence of the preent depressed state so trade, are at this time deprived of the meana of sub3sibence by honest labour thoy call upon them and the pubUcat large to retrainfrom such sa&milam as bemg only calculated still further to inijre the trade of the town, and, by excit distrust and alarm, to frustrate any endeaous to mitigate the dstress whioh all so much dpclote. The mayar and magisrates arehaY to learn that arrangemente are in pogres In the vaslouc psoeat anions in the neighbourhood for a suspension of the provisiOna of the law which prevent outdoor relief to ablebocled persons and their familiea; and they feel assurel that thoy will reet with tne assistace of their fellow-townsmen in thelr determination at once finml to suppress all turbulent and riotous prOceedjrXnh3o he pert of that reckles and unthnkiung portion of the poulntation whbo are excited into exceucs, only serving to coves the deie6ns of those whose occupation is crime, and not labour. 1.HRYMANN, maics, Polic-office. Nottingham, Nov. IS." Specl eonsbtables are to assemble on Friday (this) afternoon, at bA-past 2whm every. means *ill be adopted by the Cliil aatihoritieg to prevenb another meetidg. ORYSTAIPAZAc -ONX,Ss LNG DAT, Thursday, Nov. 19.--AdmbsoOn on piaiyent, E98; ditto by seMen #ckeIs, 181; ttow ltos, 779,
UNZYBBsITy XIIYTELLIGENCE. OXFORT NTAv 1l George EDileston, BJL, Fellow of Pembroke College, has bewe appointed by the Dean and Chapter of Christ Churoh to the office of Lee's Reader in Anatomy, vacant by the resignation of Dr. Aclsad. The appointment (we undeertand) is for two years. The folowing have been nominated by the Vice-Chin. cellor and Proctors as Select Preachers to corne into office, Michaelmas, 1858:-Rev. Dr. Hook, Christ Churoh ; Rev. Dr. Moherley, Bafliol ; Rev. Charles Wiliams, B.D.j Pnl.- cipal of Jehsu Rev. H. B. W. Churton, aL A., Braseno-e; and Rev. B. 'W. Tufnell, M.A., Wadham (now Senior Proctor). The Ruev. Dr. Rigaud, head-master of Ips 'oh Schoole whose appointment to the Bishopric of Antigua was notified il The Times of yeferday, was forimerly Fellow and Tator of Exeter Collge in this University. Ho was the second son of the late atdonffe Observer, Stepheac eter Rigiud, M.A., also a former Fellow of Exeter, and entered the University in 1e35 as a oommoner of Exeter, becoming shortly afterwards scholar, and being eleted to a Fellowship in the year 1838, whIl- sthl an under-graduate. In Mchae l. s, 1838, he obtained the hononr of a double first clas, a shortly afterwards was hade mathematical lecturer and then tutor in his college. In 184 he flled the office of mathematical Examiner, and In 18C he was appointed one of the Select Preacher. He was for several years usher or second master at Westminster School, whfch he left on being elected bead master of Ipswich Grammar School-the appointment which he now holds. The Rev. w. Hedley, )LA., Fellow and Tutor of University College, has been nominated a delegate on the Middle. Class Examination, Delegacybly the Vice.Chancellor and Proctors in the room of th Rev. 0. Gordon, B.D., Senior Censor of Christ Church, resigned.
RAILWAY INTZLLIGENCE, NEW YORK ANDM TA1KF. P.RTlE A meeting of bondholders in this company was held at the London Tavern on Wednesday; Mr. Young in the chair. The CnAtnA-T stated that the object of the meeting was to devise measures for preventing Mr. Drew, an American mortgagee, who held bonds to the amount of $1,30,000, from appropriating to himslf by foreclosure the whole of the railway, which had cost the company $38,000,000. The proposition of the directors in America was that about 1500, 0001. should be raised, which they said would be sufficient to pay off hZr. Drew's mortgage, all the outstanding and floating debts of the company, and allow 200,0001. for completing the underzaking. It was proposed to raise the money bypaying 50 per cent. in cash and 50 per cent. in bonds. Fle thought the matter should be placed in the hands of a committee, and that each gentleman present should put down his name for the amount he was willing to subscribe. Mr. DE SAns moved a resolution to the effect that the meetlng had perfect confidence in the intrinsic value of the undertaldng, which they believed mnight be made by a udi cious application of increased capital to satisfy all its creditors and yield a fair return to the shareholders. The directors had been obliged in consequence of the monetary difficulties in America to execute a mortgage containing a power of sale which would override every posterior interest. It was necessary for them to consider whether they could do any good for themsel7es by helping the company. Be was informed that the line was 494 miles in length and commanded the chief access to the port and harbour of New York, and that it passed through some of the finest districts in the Union for traffic. The coat of the line was about $7,800,000. The sum of $13,000,000 was secured upon the firat, second, and third m-ortgages; $11,800,000 were contributed by unsecured bondholders; $2,000,000 were due in floating debt; and $11,000,000 had been advanced by the ordinary shareholders, Unless the English shareholders and bondholders would ree to amds the new direction in the way proposed, about $25 000,0 of umsecured share capital would sesacrificed. From the year 1854 to the present time he found the traffic had progressively inoreased, and it was reasonable to sup. ose it would continue to increase. The net earnings ln 86, after deducting all preference and other charges, amounted to $1,246,000, which was equal to 11 per cent. upon the $11,000,000 of ordinary capitaL He thought It necessary to appoint a committee, and that an agency ahould be estakblhed in this country where authentic information could be obtained as to the proceedings of the company. The directors should be strictly prohibited in future from creating a floating debt such as had been done, and which was realy the cause of all the difficulties under which the company were at presentlabouring. The difficulties had resulted entirel from the bad management of the former directors. ]e had no doubt the present directors would listen to any proposals which would make subsorptions conditional upon caTying out those suggestions with a view to save the property. Severalshreholders expressed their disapprobation of the system adopted by the directors of executing mortgages without consulting the shareholders, and thought they ought not in future to accept bils on account of the floating debt, as it had involved the company in the present diffi. culty. 3QrPARsoNs said if they advanced the money it should be on ezPress conditions, which should guard the pro rietors against the possibility of any similar difficulty. Ifthe committee were to settle the terms and conditions of the advance he would make it a condition that not a shillin of the money should be handed over to the directors until a the requirements of the bondholders were complied with. Be had every respect for the president, but his experienoe in railways had taught him that it was unsafe to trust any railwray board. Alter some further observatlons the resolution was adopted. Messrs. De Salis, Campbell, Heseltine, Gowan, Watldns, and three other gentlemen were appointed a committee to invite subscriptions, and to negotiate with the directors. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the pro. ceedings. MONMOUTHEISHIRE. The half-yearly meeting of the company was held on Wednesday at Newport; Mr. Booker Blakemore, M.P., in the chair. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in 17%e Times, having been read, The CHAIRMAN stated that, with the exception of one previous half-year, the revenue for the last half-year was the largest the company hsd received. There 'was an advance over the corresponding half of last year, the receipts being 57,2791. as against 53,3081. Be was sorry to say that the worklng expenses had increased 2 per cent., but he hoped the reasons which caused the increase would not present themselves again. The locomotive dep6t had been removed, and henceforth they would have done by machinery what was before done by skilledlabour, and they might look for a reduction on that account. Not only did the directors now feel justified in recommending a dividend of 51. per cent., but even in these critical timles they thought they could see their way to at least an equal dividend for the ensuing half-year. He was surprised that their share capital was not taken up with more avidity, looking at the importance of the company and the great interesth depending on it; until their share capital was taken up, the directors were tied from finishing the works remaining to be done. In the half-year 9,9891. were expended inmprovements on the Western Valley line, and 7,1431. on the -Eastern Valley. He concluded by moving the adoption of the report. Mr. CARTWVRIGHT, In seconding the proposition, said 700 301. shares had been taken up during the last half-year, which showed the bond fcde character of the concern, with money at its present price, and he believed the few remain. ing shares would soon be taken up. Be was disappointed at the explanation of the increase in the perceatage of working expenses. He recommended a vigilant attention to these points by men of business. He was dissatisfied with the increase in the payments to the different servants of the company, and for iniscollaneous expenses, and said that if the improvements" brought out an increased cost of working, the less improvements done in future the better. Still, hethought they would ultimately result in a decreased ex. penditure. The CIRal,MAN in answerto Mr. Cartwright, said, the charge for com aensation was special, and would not occur again. The increase in wages was caused by the increased mileage which now had to be traversed. The locomotive expenses had been diminished by using coal instead of coke, and he was happy to announce that hlr. T. Brown, of Ebbw-Vale, had consented to undertake the supervision of this department, by which they would be compensated for losing the services of Mr. Rennie. The directors were alive to the advantage of working 'with the Newport, Abergavanny, and Hereford Company, and were dolng all In their power to cement the union. The reserve fund now amounted to 9 250OZ but until it reached 10,0001. the directors thought proper to restrict the divldend to 51. per cent. The original share holders-of whlch he was the largest-had been punished most, and they submitted to this restriction. The report and accounts were passed. The dividend at the rate of 51. per cent. per annu m w as declared. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the proceed. ings to a close. TAFF VALE. It appears that difficulties have arisen between the Taff Vale Railway Company and the ironmuasters and coal pro. prietors of the district which threaten a stoppage of the coal trade at the port of Cardiff. The company's new Act came into operation on the 17th of August last, and to compen. sate themselves for the loss of revenue sustained by the reduction of the tols (about 4Ad. per ton upon the whole distance) the company have attempted to Impose certain chargesfor " extraandspecialservicws"neverdemandedunder the old Act-viz., 2d. per ton terminals upon all coal to Cardlff, 2d. per ton per cay for the use of sidings at Cardiff, 4d. per ton terminas upon coal to intermediate stations, and ad. per ton at each station if sent ia less quantitiesthan 20 tons. These chares the freighters, as a body, refused to pay, on the ground tnat they are not sanctioned by the Act, and are therefore illegal. The company stated that they had the power of maldng those charges under the old Actbut, the tolls being sufficiently high without, no attempt was made to enforce them. The freighters-a deputation of vhom has recently had an interview with the directors of the company at Bristol, argue that it was the intention of Parliament to reduce the tolls to id. per ton per mile, and that to concede the present charges would in reality be to p tyhigher tos than those payable under the old Act. A meeting of freighters was held at Cardiff on Saturday Last, when the whole question was folly discussed, and a series of resolutions were passed, by which the meeting pledged Itself to a continuedresistance to the attemptedImpostios o te cmpay, ndto ef se hepayment of the back accounts untf the maatntedrsindispute hare adjusted, BRADFORD, WAKEFMIILD, AND LEVDS. The report of the directors of this company states that the worling of the lne since it was opened on the 5th of October last for public traffic has been satisfactory. mr. Se'oa Clarke has been appointed manager of the trafflc, aSeforo hl expeglvuac and bJlity the directors hAve every guarante that the busines of the company and the ouvenlencof the' public will be provided for in thebest posible manmert The engineer (fir. HAwkshaw) reports that on the 6th of October the railway was opened for local tralfic only, and at the beginnig of the present month the through trafic was sent along it. The works ae heavy, and portions of them, require completlon. The o unts eo September 30 show tho total receipts on capital account to have been 196,6901. The expenditure on capital acount to the same date amounted to 200,778&, leaving a balance due to the bankers of 4,0881. TRAFIC RBETUNS. Ma, eN P5 clex TotaL Total BRr*3yd ODcn -e. chanie. 1S57. 1356 1orbtnht ending Oc. 10. Demerar .. - . . - .. 1,031 697 Week endLng Nov. 7. Xeweatte-upmcn4-no and Carlide ., . -.. 1,020 *. ,32 . 3,346 ,, 3,422 Weej landers .. .. 76 .. - .. - .. e Week ending Nov. 8. Bioltoland xeng. .. - . - - . 5,770 6,038 East Anglian. . . - - .. - 9 ,1D5 Lancaster and Crlide .. - .. - .. - London,Tlbruy.andSouth. end Etensl.. .. ..- .. 736 .. 154 .. 920 1,032 Week ending Nor. U. Manage andWare..- .. 26j 350 211 Week ending Nov.14. Bedale andLoyburn .. 10 *. - .. - ., 109 Belf and B a .......65..n - .. - 1,171 1,149 Cork nd Bandon . , - * - * e . 1321 364 Cork, BIalr And Pan Mag. - - . - .. 232 . 191 Dublin an Wicklow 1n- udng stown) 4 - .. - .. 1,242 ., 1,9 GreatSouthernandWeeran red .. .. .. -6,S 2 6,224 rLah South-Raterm .. 15j.. - .. - .. -1 .S3 28T KillarnerJunction .. .. 41 - .. - .. 422 362 lmeslek and Foynes .. 28 .. - .. -79 90 . .9 Londondsry and Ookrane 36 - .. - . 275 .. 21 Lcndond,Y &EnnlAkllen 60 . - .. - 783, 780 NoM-Eutera ., ....... 720 .. - .. - .3 4,607 S3501 Bumbre and Reuse .. 68 .. - .. - .. 1,53S 1,157 Waterfoedand Klkeuny.. 31 .. - .. - .. 3C0 268 WaterfordandImellok,. 77 .. - .. - .. 1,111 97 Waterford aed Tramjore.. 7 . . - ., - .. 63 .. 4 West lRanden .. .. 75 .. - .. - . 632 651 Woek ending Nov. 16. Belhat and Coanty Down - .. - .. - .. 268 .. 251 3lrken hoe&d,L h1r%,,n l Cbeeire Junctiou .. ., - .. - .. 2,932 2,220 DublinandBelfastJumnction 56 .. - - 1,280 2,403 InotreatOnNavanBranch 17 .. _ _ *G9 109 DublinandDrogbeda .. 63 .. - ,- 1579 1.43S Dundalk and Enn3i2llen.. 35 . - .. - 1489 . 4 Eatern Counties, Norfolk, andasternUnionx .. 489 - .. - .. 22.755 23,383 EaStLanoaabilet .. .. 93 - - .. .. 5,298 . .. 6,223 Lancaehlre and Yorksire 287*.. - IO- .. .930 21,759 Londonand3Blackwsall .. - .. 1,171.. 80 .. 1,251 ,1s29 dIand .. .. ..7. - .. - . 31,820 ..30,252 Mldland Great Western eland) .. .. .. - .. 2,102.. 1.923 4,025 ,, 4,360 NotlhBx l.. .. .. 149 .. 2,435.. 3,06, 5,49S .. 5'129 NorthYorkbftlze and.Cleve. land . . . .. - .. - -.. 8S ,, Oxf0rd,Woroester,ndWWot- verhamptont .. 9. .. .. 1,546 2,7093. 4,335 . 4,031 Scottish Oentral .. - *, - .. - .. 2,960 . 2,758 Sbrewsbury and Binning- ha . .. .. - .. - .. 1,631 .. 1,654 SbrewsburylandCheeet - .. - . - 2,765 . 2,8S5 601o1ehireUnl .. -- 29* - - 955 . 867 * The trafic this week represents 489 m ies aInt 417 last yea. t Therecelpts for merchandite traffic are published after deduct. Ing weekly the baance on the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Lease acconmt. t The amount published for Midland LXcal Loop IAne traffic for both Ynars Ianet, and not gres.
THB POST-OFFICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMS. Sir,-Your correspondents " O," " Poste Restante," and others ver% justly cornplain of the delays In the London poat6 whlcare realla becoming insupportable. I think it right to inform you tnat since the dineion of London Into postal disriets these delays are increasing dally, contrary to the Postmaster-General's circular on the division of the districts, which recites, "In order to afford a more speedy delivery, &c." Dnring the past week I have reoeived no less than three letters from one to three hours after their proper time. By reforring to the Postal Guide, published quarterly by commandof the Postmaster-General, it is there stated that letters within the three-miles circle delivery are to be delivered in one hour and a quarter at the latest from the dated time of despatch. Thus, if a letter is posted before 9 o'clock at any receiviDg-house within the three-mile circle it wil be sent out for delvery at 10, and it ought to be delivered by 15 minutes past U1 at the very latest within the circle; but such is not the case. I have received letters bearing the 10 o'clock stamp as late as half-past 12, and even 1 o'clock; those bearing the 32 stamp, posted before3 1, never before 2 o'clock, and oftener 3; and, lastly, those bearing the 1 o'clock stamp also the Irish and Scotch mails by same delivery, never betore3, and sometimes as late as 4. I have posted myself letters before 5 o'dock evening which have never been delivered before 9 at night, one such having the stamps of the 6 and 8 deliveries. Were I to enumerate ali the irregularities that occur daily in the London Post-office it would fill more space than you could afford to me. Suffice it to say, that residents within the three miles circle now require from six to seven hours to write and get an answer from their friends within the same limits. Those living beyond are more unfortunate still, reqmirng a whole day. Comment on this is unnecessary. Nothing hut your powerful voice will ameliorate the London postal communication. The Postmaster-General is not at all keeping faith wRith the public, who have so cheerfully and promptly obeyed his instrctions aS to the postal districts. Your obedient servant AN TNVTARTmAVMnP' , A >T rA iTilrTi o -- --m Nov. 18, --- - --
OmNwus TnmwAs.-The London General Omnibus Company, acting upon a suggestion thrown out in this journal in August, 1856, are about to expend 50,0001. of their surplus capital in laying down tramways for omnibuses in certain of the leading thoroughfares in the metro- polis where the width of the road is sufficient to admit of I the experiment without risk of interference with the ordinary traffic. The plan, as many of our readers will be aware, has been tried and adopted with very great success and considerable pablic benefit In Paris, Lyons, New York, and Boston; and the practicability of it has therefore been demonstrated beyond question. A tramway of this description has been for nearly three years in use between Pans, Boulogne, and St. Cloud, and is now extended to Sevres and Versailles, and also in Lyons, New York, and Boston; and large omnibuses, carrying from 60 to 80 passengers each, are thereon propelled by two horses at a speed varying from eight to ten miles an hour, with great facilty. The part of the metropolis on which the experiment is about to be tried commences with the road from Nottinghill-gate, va the Grand Junction-road, New. road, City-road, and Moorgate-street to the Bank, with branches to the Great Western and London and North Western Rlailways, and to Fleet-street, aid Bagnig2e-wellsroad. The length of this line with sidings will be about eight miles and a half, and the road, with the exception of the inclines at PentonvlUe, is broad and eminently qualified for the trial. In the event of its suc¢ess the company next contemplate the extension of the plan to the road from Edmonton to the city, by way of Kingsland and other parts of the metropolis. The tramways when laid wili be perfectly flush with the general surface of the roadway, and will not in any way interfere with the passage along and across It of any ordinary road waggon or carriage; and as the new omnibuses in passing along will be confined to the tramway, which wiUl consist of a double line In the centre of the roadway, the sides of the road, and indeed the entire width, except during the instant of passage, will be free to the general traffic, which will thus be carried on without interruption. The grenat economy which will be effected by the adoption of the new tramway system wll enable the company to carry the public at reduced fares, and at a greater rate of speed. The omni. buses will be large and commodious, with flanged wheels and axles radiating to the curves, and, if found desirable, might be constructed with first and second class apartments. The net annual profit to be derived from the tramway traffic has been estimated at1,0731.-that is, on the route on which it Is proposed to make the experiment, which wlll be equal to 22 per cent. on the capital of 50 0001. The project is to be carried out by a company, with limited liability, en. tirely disunct from the London General Omnlbus Company-the latter subscribing in shares to the new company to the extent of 50,0001, in aid of the undertakdng. The facility for starting and stopping the tramway omnius with improved break will be quite as great as the ordinary road omnibus, so that there will be no loss of time on this account. It isthis power in horses of starting or stopping almost instantaneously which makes the tramway for short distances and frequent topDages equal, if not superior, to the railway with steam power. If the system of fnxed stations or stopping-places along the route were adopted in lieu of stopping at the wish of every passenger, much time might be saved; but in New York, we believe, the tramway omnibuses stop wherever they are required to take up and set down passengers, and no inconvenience is found to arise from this system of working them, The probable cost of laying down the trainwaye as double lines, including the expense of taking up and relaying the pavement, is estimated at something less than 3,0001. per nlie. LoiDoioi Gx3sra;s OarcqnnxS Co>IrsNy.-Traffic ReceIpts, week ending November 14, 10,2691. 4s. 7d. [Advertisement.]-Indlan llfutiny.-Just published, Part C..atmpaig." by oftaaG.H Hut,he HighlandeMstiny, I vLutae 7a a. itj h~ b ard,lesnowre~.ady ihrgtLotainte a pitormai of tce ben-De'athor orf ir dtotenLworkonceuemahyof Cerlane FInul-Masacreat Cwnp he-a po disastrsana6 vicastues oflttr aer. ob aontud emtonthl Pabinhd bay the s lynleduon esither Nof, albe lea [ Isten Campi ga 6., cloth b sketcs byteato.PeIe ote okiasmayo esa
SALES BY AUOTION. LrSSRS. GA2DSDEN, WINITERFLOOD, ana -LtELLIS wia BELL by AUCIION, at the Hart TEHIS DAY, lOevmbe 20 at 2 fwl 'clck peciely hi he oUolngorder, the vestment or occupation, ~ ~ o, fo ln lingon -aluble mallleaehol Grondtents of fronm Li per annm t £8 lO. er nnu, tlewhoe poduisg £IN10aO. per anTwo capital L.ew-ebold e sidenres, beig Alblon ootutge Park-roA~ and 17, Cloudeslel.square; also a Shop aned Honce, hiPark-roud. lelinaton. Trehold, Leather-lane, Holbern, presenting an excellent intvestment 13 g,annum., Brood-street, Nov', 19. 1857. Re F. Comins, a B.nkrupt.-Pawnbsoter's anid Wae Brialne's, atllies, nG add 1171 Drla ne : also the Stock of Unredeemed Pledges R. JAN E¶ ROBINS is innqructed by the MortJJlgagee, with the conseut of the Aadsenees to BELL by AUGTION. without reserve at the Rwooms in 0,3entgaRudeUo Wednea. day, December 2. & t 1 for 2, tin four lot., the lBEN 52I L LEASE stid GcOD WILL of an old-estebllshed PAWNBROKER'. BUSINESS, which bns I een carried on for nearly sa century, at 116 Drurlane; also, of the Sale Trade, conducted at 117, Drury-lane. Both houses haverecently beenant intotbhoroukhxrepair are veryoDaysulent for the above cDonemr, wbloh may. in this populous re!ghbDouhoAd be carried on seost tusceesfully. The rent only;£55 per annum for eashe homie: t.erm 16 year. Also, hi two luto, the well-selected Stock ofFledges, amounting to £1,800, ow tbereaibout., immediate pOmE"idon, a bn viewed daily, and partlonalsra had, alsoof Charles Lee, Faq., official aesigr ee, Aldermanbury : of G. R., Jaquot, Ztq., soictter. 9, New-inn, Strand; and at tile ofamce in Covent-garden. South BeIgravia.-Capital new Furniture, Gline In gilt famtes, tjoctave Semi-Cottage Pianoforte in walnut case, and general Effect.. T.SUS . SOBINS willSELL by AUCTION,o at thea Gremaet 1om, CAmeidge-street, Warwick-sqarde. TPlaDico, Non 2uesdat net pEatel'd PANTS frtout hreserve, VnGew Uertahent, FcudRngTR in0 Aramelian, irol, and porta bulfte bedtats meahongan wardeie rome, marblfe-lo hoigh-lad chestsof Oral,well, drawing rloom. suiteW In wamlanct,fottge puianfote sitroagrd,i Mandb dinigtbewe;o ithen mreqisites, le. Ona caaiges the dypeo. CtaousI v- garden.Goedrgrdn, ye-ak M R, FRECDmeliss, Azae. o from Theat. LE T bRoDmY 30ria, King-treet Pronies, is sboen,st 1 la No.2, oat 1 prtcIely.cPA S frombl Mer.o oft sVanGerplte ofuperot, inlutd ring 1,60 aeikiao welld rhet wurithuds, of the best leadingms vall ieOtaoties from1104fbe high40 onn thealeaswllset, widatthe bloom ainde' 500 1oegm iancAifol rn-plac, Htron proots,Maye b iee. tChe morningof sale and csaleogutes hlzad. poateuof o Qe Glocster-gasdenglfyle-prk~ir Lvi..TI DcTm (idaye on the Premises ,aabv, at 1225lo peu oaloci prmprise tie, withcmperipusgete, DArabiNG bs OOead bdand table linenT, orefinbamefts. clocib labyle coneiteo of slinteri pand, suerior elated,20 acls. of boEoksn, and the furitchure usiocAthebt bed zoomcs, halr,i.Cataloguek miay' Inv haW nte rmss,ada tean tsidenewrslle, BenkA.bo-Dealae, Hyd% epaksiuae.s ndn ad n Thr Da' ermtr Saeno temelants Apitetso o 0 Con,al FUsRdeR'beaL ou THSoAnday',7oolr2,jt2I eee oo node on dthced PRemises at1 'clock preitely mu ient lien,thse intl4so the Pkibr ;ary aDolecio of paintings an-eeotd engrav.fi fns,or0 iole,it occuabook, anduathe kithn Wcarcqusitewiuthlodn offices, 'iWarwic-curt o ray'stIonn ofsl fte utoer *adned Maidenehood, Eeurka,-DeTwol Villares idaences,bl Bulingland, anked I1J H.PRECE illSEL byAUCTION, at thes seven lious,eakolder detachn xedPeEHOLva VI wA, w oitheaden eiuteISterk-o BULaOpair l ofhnSoEnwLy-eiectheir Gills,ft .foRoiomedat occpaton situat nl o imdsor-raoaro, mihoadern- ToU POLDt fBidn Land;IRt asem-ot12aTeneet pisno Abyedrkandt ouhevpartcutlars an sonadelitu fofg saledo the aucine, amdaimelainbeyad. se ly eod uniwM wmfiature, Twbooes aet abl Manngtalees,idaers IjH.B GHM whoi eiiafo ui w t SELL by AUCTION, at his xelV Roo4r2,1 OfRyde'-stree. elcestenr-ur oni WFriiday, No,.m20. and beding,mat.oany chsts o drawrs, m hogany mardr fobes,ma Ca Btl eiuecoic Effects, aneAncent Carvd Oak Dcr arf B'ands. BM ESlcSReS. i'entMPdHrawinS, tckand WALadTbLE Items reUeNTUREnatmeti-ottage piano by FedaTIN and thn,eeart, o Thut-glays chNdveliers26 for 1a and candles, thansm hshiymnlbey lasdses, Inroablen bPhR cbiERTY, walwnu PAn Lropewood -ain roome wtables adnd his, neabuldrlnew bd room funiture, ban.ths, dining etabes,n sie bacrdsan gheneral funshittlng rfulahes Maya bhe viewed, ando cta-e ofiprstcasapers MDchfor proods,bl soemenby Clay,orinououpand oerauaro ticulra ma now e hadof latos. ubs ere,Ua ardHwho tolio from huc inessb.y n tofSL Meyss.AuCmpO, o = Premss 472 Oldfbord-street, fy Bloabn r Ronr W"ednsa Nvme Modat 12m'clckture waery valuable TOabietad ofg&tber ,iaCHEWs BraketD,ckmriin Phteg tras chpars,tabusmdes,An workca boxes readFing trei deon s, pbanelsar, eeant cerfws. een,adamgiou alsoOBE a REIDanacue svol k ofLL ca'mbhlatoramsd Great uses, uix-tures,to, May blviwdo nrday, No. Saa tufr-12 mdayrMndaVy,ITuesdy,an cmorninigore danda catalowush ouraths remlBhs mondgat th eesautilonieerboffice 472Ohoau rd-treet,aBloos- Woodfcudd lait,eoay-wona mile, os ofro wanthe chtors Stationunear argd Bnfl=etch,-mrahold foResdence Aend 15 acresnof Landi.ubd topwSSRAnS.an drUmPHRE tal n,bd cha LLEN hpen avesau R.OU HTJ u received instructions to SELLbyUCO,athear,o Thursday, Novebe 26, at 1fr2, Inhoe lot, te hSTTEhiydvaube ands ontprovahie PRos. ERT2Y, andewn Ballys Llaipetihl og,wt It. ubrad sret Marlbor,outh-broad;lrg2,3 and ric imeaowlaond,roewhol exte5 7ndin to reailwaytrt and itIw capablIe, Ormenderlait welcl woth lof ghouatentiun sofeptr peapers othfo prfiayblevinewstmoentoadfor etonpatto. Par. ticulars sa'd ondw beoba of lamabe ssrs.tHuhes plearfsey asterraofF, Ndewughe. FAq. olciors, 27nWoblerokr - n of Re.aR. Gumzysand, s. ,Fr Wailen. 08.n Loldon;rof-sreet Baty, esateRumordt, hiErbs ouhex, ;o DoenFuntre,banuy a binets,h Cabinwetl Hand thet aofrts Lrcet EDAPhotgraphi Apanatus,e Anatomeial wa Feaeie M iruisructPonysOtoofe Crt fod SAEfbf pblecte.O, t Tbre Greeat arHotel,urth-utee,on Maond ary,Nv In, ath mot fo12 moeSrnTE, cOmpTUFg te omirllrgaasn damask window~l cur,ltais Spnihe eiec mofugan pedcal sdeboared, maoganye weltinge tables,f Calod,card,sadocabional dito a ets of wae Lnut chairs, wo ithmbered, and steleds cleoanwoeddine, in.ahigah wardrob,hst of outvto.udowers,maHI-l Iop wash-stnd andu dr messfrom tarbly, bed thameeroamndgs autnd Teffet. ay betla taiz obwe n Sturey aDeb catdloguesgham'l, i.n teMda dCucties £i03ay er annu,herl sectiuredwUapotyt byur AdeUCTIONg, atdI the Com ertime-aPlaXng-oad Chelestaea, ont fhuilprtsdoay,rov mat 1 fo 2,pwda the abveeStAT,i ive olots; ofNer. Maret,lbruhoand; 1,e2,Ttur, ande, im borton-rpon-Trent, 7, and SI,. Dreadry,soitoet;an Butapnd T rme'-pa; hel at Calowe ground whreseta some eta peppterctorn shayte vewtaed ycneto.h eat.P tiuARs I and codtoSOfNaea beav tte placeve iofsale;tiofs t, Newman~, atq, soiciteottr,o27, witrh ofe H,nse, ofrud teq. Mor,pFurtloels-nn London;L oMRESBIt,ENCE , anaGeONt, kereowgh-ads oura atl stueauteionee tfie, deFgtulha v-roae nod hnkn nibne- ae, mhelsa.fo- Dyeweeora-ehres.--stohCanmRdwel evHallEtimate. . b bedrojxs aLEdA be,igs toom anivey om ve thent heffioectoether wtthL gerotod usyc wto fer, fortSAen hrd pulie gaUCTION, a at thed Thre Queeands Ho-tefll,autn-upon-Trat, vearl InThe prmEsarta los Januar, 1e55,o threaoe lve~6fry vluablsiueof aBIL terd ofM9yanOfrom ESTAI, mjct ompisn thel famuly mranso,uald Ce.A-sodwith thall lrmate th e residec Tof Poies', avans,decased, togetherwit Inthe manor of Awaandell andcabout 150 arespo ofnexcoef land wvs n.'dintimbelam,an Is situatpemabut0mils frometherby n aouthree X1 s fro.uThnue puTouaet, writ-lhae staeotion on aig he erby a and B tirm oinga rato ofur fullparissars ma leeinsectd a th repectiv ficesraau for. Drowsy, Hosoeimo, BFurntnupo-rent alsoe llanootCiuell eallphtere and puersonus depuedto shmowvtedfo etthe,rdnelW nteoo thnkin, Islte Pm of Burht.DsrbeVlaRsdne ihGAna o M E'SYBIE are iSaluced by Auction. ION o te r MINS, VIN W anw-od SOe ave rece&-iv edt inTo-rtons (Stor da) offmer b UtION1t 15, at 12lo'scHotel Bhank'uin, oll thse nda Nov.2,ate i FUN TUhSemstedrfoom,withthWanre krofd stthe ortgae e,ai Villea, etuatrine InftSurlagtful vilaenof Shlngln ninemiltdones frembi Iyne whnerueuoacf hespe to ned frllom Oyde havinesal tiesha anda.the hdous contindawn andpdiinng otrposm, Arab, arod orthrance,dsteaden ffwith aegood winpyd water oitcher wandrober, eardle-tsp andground, andoommand eautfunlelandandma biews.theoepesrlse anill bensoldw PolleIn frosewood a paie£100. efe4ed nth cawbifet u Assuanc Soiet, Lndo, uon ne f tenldesnamed nthelease at aemi pemius toethe amontin to124 Ibs, 5 wthe stnr~ 'MI &SwfiBL b A CTIOeaN, at htis DreakiaSt, In Trca4y eotta; and vtae. sand ttA, vweibea ~ed~ ad mrnng f ileat WAMr.hll an ooms,t and catalogue. ~ ~ ad a"t:slsiuse M .PHILLIPS is instructed by the As ~ees to SELL by LUOTIOlI, at his great Room; Now Bwfteet on Wednesdy,Deember 1%and followigday, at 1 preoisely each day. the OeietOnf Talus la ANTIQUIMIS and WORIKS of ART. formedbyP.R P. Noooke, late of Newman-stroeet oosliEting ot an aeeeblse ofMallic war, VOetin £a~Egyptisan and other antlqiMe, ojecs o te snquseelo ricam=lInagi~o ring Aglems nt;a Resideofat'laardoa untis,Ih nce. Oaeu¶ddtE faTinal PeweLLIPS Isntn ID brlto, ring; broyhs AtUdO c IO Nrhe winthe oiinta noftber pmeciou m tones, oil , bted firwesi W1T&o as precediong the aLe E andcaaloguteshd aMr. PiDECilip ofictes o. Genee ReIeneumberlandilet nwto reeist rynstcon-eq ald fo an twe stanoderterek.elsoeu eantmodarn FuitraNtte,h n decorative charater: thedrawing rooms amnuged with eniss onkG aorteis and walnut fureitmre, the dining rooms in oak, and thme chuma berm In Bpaulah mihegany, and brilliat toned grand pianoforte by Brcdwnode, elegat aecoDrta tiesbinete6 and omanments. The Thole in ezoeentocondition. Immediate posseseslon maybehibad. The house ~be viewed from 12 till 4 by tickets Only, to he obtane at Mr. Dasow73, NOW Bonad-eet Choice modernEngilish Piotaree. MUR. PHIILLIPS respecttnlly anriomasces that he is .LL. ow Instructed to 8EIL by AUCOTION, at his Gallry Now Bond-streett onThnvsday. 36%s inst. at I preodlse, the COLLE(MfOiiN of choice maodem PICTIIRF,, by d?e,'galatcsd p inter; of tiae English scbool,pveTiously advertised to he sold on the 17th, inolndine many blr'Itleeln ceooelias,landscspe scenes and domesio mubiecte, man ofwhih hve eenexhilbited at the Royal Academsy. Amoong thepricipl wrksmaybe m.nttoned examuplesh T.Creewck~ A .LLlnn1sl Muirady R,A. T~B.Ver,AA,A .T. Hollanid W. Kuller J. F.Herring J. J.Hill CE,Lesle,EA, . Isabey LaeJeune (I.Biafiod, LA. T. Urnwinse RA. P. 1', Poole, AA.A. Maybe ublclyvieedan Taueday and Wedneeday preceding the day f ue, ad ctaloueshad of Kr. Phillips. torstco...-Ly Kr. W. E. WHITTIlGA a 4heBl Inn, Roy-hsu, onTuesap, the W4t November, at 2 for SIn the ofietercon, In Z5 SEVENTY acres of valtiable Froehold LAnd imme. diately adjnosig the ralwaystation, Ecysto rutlslaeiorgardse aillotments, agrIultural ad bulding purposes F~or pwtImulars apply to Mr. L.Glmsn lhr~.TJepps, and Mr. T. PickeringRytn ; K. F. B. Whitetmamh, at the Offices or tho British land (Limited), 14, moorgate-atreet, London, r.O.: and at the prlace of saT' Buses'Sttio, Hrt.-lyKr. WuBfITTNGHA-!,I, at ~the Geocgc Inn,Watord on esay,December 1, at 6 for 6 in the evening, in and Nort-Western way, andadjoinin th towr6n theWatforn: 'Piehn.on ueda, te thDecmbr,atnnout ncte even ing '~TALUABLE Freehold Land,Radapted for PrdTtlTdrnty r o GadenPnroce,clse o te twn f iticin,or theupBtion sa R.an WfM. A. B.AWittineam wi ShELoLie by AUTheItONh LiACman (LmTan . orae tet LoredofnFreehC. O~rndPAKLYb ttannuctta i M ESS TS. IN wl o E E hatil treoepstad btin the eatime i frepre to offerhforaSale, byTPrivate Treaty, some vuerdy, dosirabeaFreehold 1ae, fnore loves6iment3p or oeryupation, particuDrsof whiehwl beDO AN foaad . uOupir. pa or Asholicitrsell. Platationd.es an d fo lur mentees Land oad li~Licnce, 8. thegctnti-bitree palml-orehl Fa ntr andnualct. .13e ntye Premises,o 12, Inasl-mall.TIlntoA, a Novtedmbler 0 at I fEor 2prcsey theP woleofprtheFUNItUreriae, bournsteng maogan tale, sdIChiny ed Ier la com,matdireneg blanketsho,fadther ld wah-stands and fttigs chn, lss ndnmrousd otheroeffz .d Mttayheviee h a ro ote sale,and atndoSydes had fmr w.t re spIetbl tauctionee an ladaen t, 8,ou Regnt-sret,atromloo. Medo anud pleaenta tionrod ihpssIn n'oghrfCotdtaqesu. NOVE R. DIrG anrWELC ate theceoioed Mat:EL bat O'11datthcars,opost ith ankof genglan, ontoedy ov.-C 4, te1nt rII o nealot, IancIr.dlip,on eysono Dandprodute MFL DOW LofD hig.OranpofAhadWlo onegmile ofro Ajabx. g cotiuosgo hetanpde-u,adId Greyhound Hadowtr aond andaf Cownf obig;a h et coupBarers, twsomogItior.2,nIcholas-ae, oradsre;ado Mere. Kin Gandelch autonesanduoeon,opoieCadn B Areismnt,pouing t235tee annhoAm.nsmte il fe for SELL , at AUTheO art on potie tremiBask1 of. Engsland on itoesdaym, Nv 24.siat 1 orn, on Trseveral lo26, atmost fdr1sirable FEEthe andeediChurch-terrae, omadng cRDOiNSorne sha SCU dPthRee shps g adboening,sitat in thacntreofuthe raidly omprovinhw wasi attrctiv vnilageo tPenre, be ftweenanereyou fKo and hyehsn ithi fie iugtes' warlk iuf of the CrysartPalae h B roy.Cpety Isloet 3o Ighl A r-etl turenants atheIroents am untinmto£13 pe unnumd fOmDic poitorand otborueqalle togtther loaity t Iher nmerouitrdoordprivat eeocl ail0d nmplementgAso thlarog' ae and gietone odinesmeognt, Paftice oop rchit-totowra of kladonn the property:t atblw theAution Manor ot; and fMewss bKing nd Wlch, Cauctisonerks, ett agntso, U.nA surveyos opposentweltCamdsn.uroard fr Holloway. iagth cnte ofXiesingtmo.crntnt,o lbary dicniptorroSudio,dIncludng severalartces, oDrlaped Fiursof haigyhadoassi At,e Croloss.al G of tMiltcone, theri 12sos0 notv n alo kordnaeds, s9well anshd f1os Plated Articles.beutialPlesa 1IjFR SWAI is instrcted by t elAdinanistrtriaxns gJtouEL byACTO, nth reie, .St lbns-o thSeWAdncyINtrsigRDUIJO f' OCLTIO;ciN- VI iL2 an S~ plastoer- n rus , mnyofwhmhaure wel oriringtmarble ariand lres odta arebl lut Interail thmprwill bed mfou e atroupofnlilton ande hi St Dauhters mnrble figne aoft thme Sprandahl foy. Cupid Innocen, Ars.,ti A ax miurdes'wl of the Ingnocent,nSummer. Ventue e and dupa th MIngoore,andath rom to obterwh thewnumerousom 's, moin ad bels.f4t oadImp lembts,Als a larde andit finetooutnoed moser ora,ofplullan ompass, with to rows f keys,n phedal orgardn, &oTh e blwsmnbytha bane dhollyfeta focee. hobLpops, rtuinesaoasteseWorks, indCello,had.; the xcelen wel-mde ouseoldferiteo, omwith ll the nonterntm of fve hamers,libary diio oom an ofithcon, lated a rtioles gentlmen' adresn ae nve he doenst prDeviously, nand catalgues.nm Frealbadonlh ret~ndof the autioneer, the Lodge.notItu-hiLondon. rouns, anfte Annual vanlu SOf30 Nd hted itat hetrlln tIR SWAI iseAInstuc Etatd to SELL by AUCTION, atJ the Mfr,nar t,eBn i ulad n Deebrnx,Tu etwoltstns Disposed of hr2Ivatwo ltrets, th truualylgbe logREAEHOLD ESTATKI heplb,so Fevoe, an lsand 1ut-qaon, builtwn amoht oBltacktle almanneran tonlyghlustdrainedby prdivt persncwithll Ioo taste, ayigreeablsituate Ienoewthe apil iommrodingsandlmuch n esteemed octaityclose to The 10 mlnurta' wlk ofnewsThoeton-gardens anad csaponain 0bd androdrss- tgroms, bat mie room, Lndoblra WOings rooms, diing and bweakfis resins libaryeknw asidenhall with porticosetranc,me thcmpee ands o convenh,ientofie sameleganty,conservatory,5gacrden,Of TebUtaaslemet laredwholyof withncaretg e,nSce,h droeisnkas thse,ul and firnishued ing aobuttngonablgood hand eboadontIntkwamanes r, ihml the modkern tsrofRoemeft'd are seld Eom offerdtoa.the public Obyanre easily atde freehla aa motrilngroutlay,enand M Sain cAnMit cor fidenu c Prosc mendthem ltheygarhc ldafor a tey of btsut d0ofeacegunexpis-thatao thetemfiaggroundretofm£ each, diremnstfromt atthe freholdr.Mayrts vied nd pfM rBarticl arsnwt codion ns of Gehmstre,ehad 10daQ pro theeto onth prmis,at h most, vlabld poftheautioneer,the Ldg le, TeoxntyPots .&ar,cnd ogt ing 1 soeppin loest aindgDenham, neart twomilesotd B'alenehooLr Estat mes foramocupatIlon aqttnd Invethent withi 14admiles ofLndyon.eefo heBetoo n naetn jIfESSES. BEADEL and SONS are Instructed by £YJ'bte Trustees of the HalU Dare Estate to SfeLL by AUCTIONa atthe Must,arolmwae, near the Bank of England, onzesay,Deember,1a De ito lbess ,a valuabe lotREEH oLptad EmTatde,sinathe pESTATEo kmvownasPotwatsmedlugtheonp knownas tf hedBldackncd Faunrm; cnmpoonLtiug 26 of8 ars of uperIoructmeadowandepstable,land,which handbeen thoroughlece mdrainbedwand sBrintiplloinand, tyintwithin, at rinho three milaes oftherLougston RaIlway in Shttiron. Al so ardesiraledFee- land,tal ing within larigfene wrpritnhasdwellng-hoceantydrfarneduridln-r thabuttingtondaegoodhre d of loyrmnlytwomilestfrom the molso arket torA ofualmfyr and 10e moleestfromayLbndon.sTisdland has oagbeenorecet. drnained,andaotersat laryecur dinviestmentosem fonapial. It islet o and Sheemon ofFtwlctors 31Clemanccstreet at getheAcmtion ManertTireFitraiteg Esate,a mut vauabl proert,iatmohendeldgileintue Stations on the Easternh Countithes Railway. 114 ESSES. ]3EADEL and SONSaeItrcd by~t nobhe above UNIQU OR aEnT, whichrt wasermanufcuedwt gret LaseWad EtR vas cStEbLon af the Mart,houein Mondon;y, stil e SOL lnst,P1 at thfr1,b retr Roomf tinhe otret, Cnovenlt-gr MWOndyn A UTuesday raoior. butMprautm ortelf of Jane Pringle, aged 61 or thereabouts, and £11 per annum lor the sameO life, On the decease of George Brace, now of the age of 53 or 55 : Two Annuities of £10O per annum each,for the lives of Louise Mogfordl and Ann Pettuer, aged roespetively 26 and 23, or thereabouts ; also thA tmportant Reversion to a fourth and the haif of another fourthL of Sticck and cash vamounting to £18,1815 to answer there and other annuities, standing lin the name of the Accountant-General, insa canoe "Le Coy,T. Mogiord," together with other fonds of the value of about £13,600, being thu roaiduary estate of John Otridge, of the Strand, deceased, Particulars may be had of Thomas D8ews, Ej,solicitor Coventry; H. Week, Esq., 11, Cook's-court, Lincoln'Ls- on; at the Mart; andn of Mr. Flower, 3, New Bridge-street, Blackfrlars, City.-By order of the Sberiff.-To the Nohility and Gentry Furnish- Ing.-Blegant and wellimade Furniture, consisting of a superb Walxnut-wood Drawing-room Suite, with lofty Curtans en sutet, several Chfmney-laess In rich gilt Frames, a briUllant-toned 61-octave CottagePiaunoforte, large-sire Velvet.pils andTurkeY Carpets, Regtsterel Writting TaLble, a ooliectlon of valuable Proof Prints. elegant Chin% Services Cut Glaess,and numerous highlydesirablerPersonal Effects. MR. LEWIS begs to announce he has receivedin. -13 stctiona to SEL'L by AUOTION at 69, Queen-street, near New m3non-stroeetTHIS DAY (Frday), 1gov. 20. at 2I punctually ain assemblage of elegat FURNITURE and EFFECT9, Part beta - by order of th Sheriff, comprising the complete requIrement. of tho drawing room, in choice walnut-wood covered In foreign satin, with tables richly caree to correspond, noble chefeonlers Stwin writhL plate-rise and marble tops, several rich-pattern velvet pile,tapestry, and Brussls carpets and rugs, a few bronzes, a bilat-toned 6f-octave cottage pianoforte in a coo.tiy vwanut care Dresdn chna m amdfigures elegant Or-moula cloick turmountel byea bronze Scture, goes 28 days, inlad cabinets, and nuLmerous drawing roonaZeleganols Tie dintingroom, Iibrary, anud bed cbambes appointment areof uper Spnishinsoan ad oak, including a rich cared ak othc beecee nd &bl tomateb two slets of noble Bel ennett. a Bankrupt, 14. at IewpOe, ue,_ Bright,*--^uzl Exeshd4 lll an1zri;Sd UIseuisot;%Grous. Absolute aie,%b'os4 MR. PETER BROAD wiil SELL by AUOTIOXj 1j onthe Ptemie, atlh TEHES DA.Y, rnoy. the wI olem 3t2,r(i'S, to¶mu nl re ug&% lO w arid selia OL teai, **S6pdn mmour ldeo51. ri . the aopqao, Sl, 3Kg hUe Fuare,ud u. Bdhtn;bolYa lit *ilos lghe eoom.r T7,oad 7dlatre!finth,rot t and Bloe o t a T rnnnm $hbselntel mBun, by rdero the Tgronn o fsaa OMA - *aIMN O %PEGTmER BOAD Owll SELLdf ,yAUTI oD n lwthe rmbses, on of NeeNaucti oneere I asy 2ob . ttDoD anrensild Hlii Pgeverat. Af Ottoe at ea le D Pintees , four O Teiand Bf , wOg8E W DAbluts Soio. Cbg, by pder of the Tr e, i. R. Dtacal PBT tt eRoADcE WMTe BEleLD rDc M aon U t C onethe teemys ;of Neobrse *aUCTo N,j,e Iru 59.Pss fnhr -ates nt diz oer d a,ple Trl E vh-aluable t am at 1 edowokWe. .VI awthe 'ldShip Houte e Bri suvghtoonSat ina jlb Toprsz g ou rsrldoes, o1eprIn "eEa w.O XO , BUNnri dhtfon; alo ali- od,r oif athbla sleaugte.osr afnthal buig, eonlose (byoling t, ad oiRnCK , cnd rim T oe kE- }loak, Dw*cth lgree Imardr,5 ok-le, theal crner ofs L fiwo*tee t,i anf the gtrae au f£5 ann o T ehe romises may b owed, o h a ton at 10, esartare. r.eot of sme L hsdof;T. V. eF bcutry, 13. solicitor, ee ODd oefx tho ndo 15 3essberar4 Bldrightoo-Vg uabthoe Old'SlAp Hot ]el, dgto s tdeof r. Shte Hroad utioee rig 2on Saoulrdy ,London. 2At ov2dwfrons4Otebet Plasofrt, TLUea yRF rolf,Foeisore, 20, under ou B rl ofouSaed, artnqu NOLA D BSEWonD LLa, Carda abln ,at,e Tabole, weiol. = aen chosm and sbto'rce d evset poten an Sirod Iws carpet, s ranugu Toom fenoderskand deetIr'the damastk curints OfhAMe dews,witah PtemsIce mhandsome v ourd-pot.Forent3, adroned. druawes lxtiuarb e- ad 1t541fl515a81(A sed mand beddadngf chesCs off grta teh rt, Brod. utoneer . lur 2udi nruert. ', Longdozttmc UA 0ateuou and the Spncs uasbed rono atrpen, aes; so,undera EB(I ot EHl frs jeelSE y, FcrniStEWanDeLtooB Crd ASand oto-row novembe wut2 othtrode homIss, 7n, oaChtb ltet nIortd Drhaiose by ordetr oatt drawcntor,. fuesadAeIos unkcran o howu aud uco with t bor=hets fofe pwge Drakwets and oaneoke bl steda wtithoado, featters and beddin, bnewdinu, plla ra clawembrok e uand cardtable, anthfe . ouual couches, i reD l chtni gtgr a curtains, glassies,tsooa3plate,t chna glass lien c ets,gs wndow hat S. P3ariceburjla las e suoth. Klclnd.r o'ae,ad (frnt 1.B re ofgJt the E'iegntors of rhe E;aten thom3kbas Lahtham,3 gear. y Mr. MAlaY, one TBelaykhst Des J'aonithreandtoneas.E. 1r5 and2uy.pao /IR. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ n BGEEER ilSLL BookeoMO M1n, onunboay, De 8,alRn o d ear ThLTS. 6, 2 29 an. 30 Axtilork.-n,plaw, nosw withot; le on lBeasoe for setB abntsve yas aexhlredot thes,exrala at £5 surn aondthe bedeo3rs capgewa No.2.(lteadtooether peU eor uDhgnsdtar che3, main £15 er annm; ingthu the aeversio to thei Btackents asdthesend ofe ue34eis tch Particars of MD.u21es4 ds. Clrksomd FiSrli,z soliiofrs, itueveiau mahocurlyau; aAin of the an tlonheSler, 15.Pinebury-rase south. exTnAm By Mr. MASO, heMrt, On TT-esday, b ron. 8, n wo- 'ots A eat rosewsdeno, and frona tofleery oain behdr wit botS. ]at onterwor acwth front and baek rairdens le o Mr. Baolleper artume lo rndtheo £csrpo btowiNchnd 27olealdo c oher hadi mesre)d at ela dloda; held o l0 years M nexnurol ait d Reven4 reno tof £5 -eso the oopacts aDw tlien bod baythe taSr. ownrtLg ohis tom ocenatlo, 7,Sin WlIllymstreet. near ihmnd-o; thol for 80asa estal enlrde Pad rtcuars of A.. lctbrs. RIsq., soiechtr,y1. and fth i. buytioercus; aind bftheanleneeor,dh ishr.cic eu Genuine Beind,without reserve of auabole Picuresrniture and Ena' grag peror It Fiand E sno u Eects, 111 H. EKLEEIEHAJ,e wiii SEfaL by AUCTodIOn ,LY. ato the Hall, Bcheath (ruemoed from th e paremiss, Blackheath-hill, for enle ore of aewors Nome2 5ate-pU Dfus e2pn ctusallc without tDe Brslghtest reerve, abu 100 salubl ofchts PAof NS oftu thoe Ioboktalian, Doth, enlrchc an leIshs chl,as oreatvarietyof wtecolr dawengs brune, and eth ngrings ofme. etionsueaoduado 5 pictureRi ea of the bert enaet adatest signs, chmn ie andcae gO s eooDigb rienEu l china jaiand or genuine stoc ond thDe odetbihd ho,{oudsie,Non of the late M. Kinheto gaviews Styo and mPrcin ofsCal9. nud catailoues oitto san thecr e ir, Blakeathhil tated froml thlies and of Mnl enatebilal, aoutioenee o Euandnt on T Kmrding mote am.etrs PAI,and theBS.ofhea esal tate Datcy Sandsh s auci l e, ors ath. ietyo. ae-lu raiMvi .ade ToeS icatuenidru n ictbo e framedr ad I the s,t-onnint M RESSS.L2EaEAETM will SELL by AUCTION, DNovmse 27 alto l puntually, withou thsel slg hte r genule socko theevaluabe siblCKbIn TRsDm of the odethlhdul nesthe atmpr.lrdgn amndthe Houehol and rnihtsuea Eiaict ceinpelanber an extnieassoirsen lof man;ooufactur and unmanufac,nr cuthopremzs B'snrekbethIl attryeks ra7 tblac be3nalrr w eu lnnure crvd git,and osthe cllure fraes ofba thes Yot-i bestqsllny Iand motapparoved andlates doo5lgegla brakets Dand cosle tobles, oi large quan tioanteral o erandlarders toolt s i an esl pit., cors and tbrhes tlhe bsal Sarti cleso ahoued furue h chis asanu me8rable mssaelaneous0 Ites n ot e tha XOremises:a theHall,Bakeah n f t.ulho,ac e. Pia hnofoe and Eectslv. n , i tGLEa will ELL by AUCTION, £kon the Pn -p Lee, Kent, ;onTuedeay, Dec bae Fr. t1ovefor 127 at 1 2uuncaily. withoeserue, tIe wihoeft rexellent wodern Roftihr LD robeS TURE InTR Eom thomorsng mtahlogany aDf paned, and iron baedsteads. capdit Hi oose iholr bedsm and beding, omaanyC and othe eltl of dtraers, ngasuafactanrd and u lduga, dirredn-galesandart4 and vtuhe usuahamsber oftenvaeryet iqua rodm and spbrovn room rntuet dion rahveogan,dinig hoanis tsablmi loorge svaeitn-ool p nredesal sdeboard,anl sudcaio sot of extenldaltn diningtabldebras,oetoode isbaradclsional t ables, chaIr teas the lma aensdotchs aandsrr fue cotabge pianofousrIteminOnewod bth mWcednteons perioa morning toe ayeprrend mouta rneoinge and t cathr alestoba ined ofallr Eglehea, auc teerf, valeboart, anDSla aogaent, 5 Kianerg Iiamtreet , and thW1 e .e1r e o. b and agencyand aumiont or ages, and B actconk fl Blackheatbh e.st Le.porthLmB, enlnar, TOi-nbftt.-EHousohold Fusrnlture, suerioCt-da tm Claloe snus Effets, RAH- . RCLHEARDS willSELEL by AUCTION; M tlon the Prem, shaot dirastane, eof thep sudtation, onmthe tet }lr n 2Counctiailwy witontturesda, Nov28, at 1whoe otrpest A1a0 bln tm,andFirenchbeste.D wpith Li go fenthre, mattrsdnes, fnd obed bedgs,and beddothe chestA otfdrawers, w _.lug stands and gltasss, drfangtalsR andBBRTzS, and ROBY ueal S3mber abynd fnd angod dre-ing sBrusmeurls catetin, cos, 2and dinino cars ofdining.bes rewo los. and pebr otbes itchnl tartiles,o. ; also a chestr o api thusal carpinteryutools,Made belleriewed thelemornzuf ale catalogues obtained on tthe progeaoftte auctioneer, otte ind Ined l -andiuot O.0 oes aellent t Be, m P teC]s an Effects. M19R A. RICHA wD SiEEll LL byAUCTION, oIJCtheoPremlses, S ane Prs dist oe frd , m tearkSaetionbe, octhe Parlors' Stockn, and olace BrICKB, TOY udn-6ta atc 12 foditto;ot dra. a arIeyleofnatoos o mar quanty of b,uildinr mlarterial andoilmne thebee MA.es RICH woillmBEL banyns EngrTIONs,aofn lotsof lat, PltedArtcles sa nueros Elfeclts. etee hIJIESSRS. OXENHAM wiatll2.SELL,by AUAIO, DAY, at itfor 12 puntually,tthblasItsleeodhndgFandTUEE coprisng ainl-trc, oswos,andmahogalsanycthaire tabls, himny ad pir gsers, sdob~rds bokcae s,achioefers,TA A.elwrobesgewith cooping-la pm-anels plainditto, chaosotes bo thlezs twashtes,tw dHermoingtables,toienless o. e lotsin afe plats ofPltPlated aice,hnA,tlgless doetint qlf n numero usfoaa No. U., Hertford-street, Kayfair.-8uperior Household Furniture, Grand Pianioforte by, Stodart, Double-action HEarp by Erardv valuable Service of Plain and Plted artIcles.GM0 vola. of Books an( numerous affects. MJESSRS. OXENHAM have recelved lni;tractlorm ikfrom 'tie Executors of the late B,4 Keate. Esq., to BELL, by AUCTION, on the Premises, on Tuesday, November 24, and two following dass. at 12 each day, the superior HOUSEHOLD FUR. NITUR_, comprising rosewrood drawing room chairs, ouches, an4i easy chair, a noble winged cheffonler, suites of curtains, a grand ptanoforbe by Stort, a double-action harp by Erard, beautiful old kwrnch and other eiooks and decorailve objecin. mabogany pedsat& sideboard, 14 ditto chairs covered in moroooo, set of di-nin tables, winged library bookcases library tables Ite., the furniture of the five bestwand secondary bed chambers of' the usual de&:ription, valuablo service of plsat, including a noble epergue, soup tureeaa, tableansad othr cndestcks ikstnds slve., ai-celar, readbasket, spoons. fors, o, pltedaricls I goatvaret,60 vus,of books, including tho work ormos ofthestanardautors lIes,china, glees, domrsost Eligible eaasehold Investmenta,-Walbrook-street, Hoxious, M ESSRS. ROBERTS and ROBY wil SELL by AUCIIION, at the Kmat. city, on WednesaUy, Nov. 25, at 12, in two lots by order of the AdmAinitrators of the late Mr. T. W. Ruild, a cap Ltal LrEAS9aOLD ESTATE of TWO substoun ultsvt DW I ING-11OUSES. with fore-courts and gardens. lIgibla4ts~te, in a good letting neIghbourhood being Nor. 20 and 21. Wat'brook. Street, Now North-road; let, anda of the ralue ef di2 per aunum: held by leases for terms of 01 yean rsou-m J'une it, 1515 at a grotmd rent of £5 Ic. each. May ha viewed. Particular,t had on the prsmilses; and of George Brow, Esq., solicitor. 21, Finsbury-plaMe,Finsbury- sqar;at thLe Mart ; and at the auctionesers offies, 2i, Moorgatta. ert,cty. In B3ankruptcy.-Extensive Sale of Toys, Violins, Accordiuns, Clooks, FAe rticles, Y9,xturs,Fttti.sg., o. M SR.DEW and MATTHEWS will SELL by LsLAUCTION, on the Promises. Nos. 12 and 13, Minories. on Monday next, by order of the Asingnees of 1). Mandl8haura, the STOOK In TRADE of a TOY and FANCY WAItLPH.)UdENIAjX, Also the fixttures. comprisin 10D.000 feet of shelving nartltlonis, gas fit Saga spring truckr, office fclture, o. On view'this day and to-mcrrewaand eatelrgues to be had Of ,LH.Stansfeld.EMA.. offinsi assignee' Measrs.Lloyd and Rule, 17, Mllk-utrcet; and ot the auctioneers, i B,ebopsgats without. laleboae.-To Timber Merchans, Bnfller&_ Carpenters.,TnIIn.. Np. EWARDLUMLaY will SELL byAUC T~ION, en the Premises No. S& Glorestr-mmsuws t.M Te boera.on Monday, Nov. 23 at 12 for I b7 order of the RExenuiso, of ii'. late (beorg Henry Braiuns Bag., Zlecoa%kd the well seasoned STOCK of TIlBuuIl, muchi of which has been in stook for many yeams past, and comprises prime spruce sol]oc~, and ethos deals, pine planja flor berd, uarerig,000yelowwhie dalbattens, a quantity, a newpreare wok o wll-iniheddoos, huters sashes and franmes skitig, ondins,linng, t. alo lagequantity of old bnull matrils fitigsofworshps smllstokof ironmongery, and Tbls Evening, FrIda,. Nov. 20, at half-past 6G.-Superlor Househola frurnture, Table Zlass, Bnimvuz and Miscellane-ous Effects. MESSES. W. and F. C. BOWHAM WUIl SELL by Aet.UCTIONau attheir lar5e Rops 9.Mryl5 bone-etrot Re gnl-udat, TR I8 EVKNIrNG Pie Nv 20. at half-past S. thke usual appoIntments for the drawing and diaing roomg, bedoharn. hors ad domsi offices, superior cut table Rlass, engravings end mlsellnees efecs.on view. Catalogues as above. N.87, Qoa4rant, Regent-seet.-T Oounolaroums Picture Dea'ers, sand othems-~A Collection of pleasn Pictures of the Andent an&, Modemn Schools of Art; a portion without reserre, to cover advaucoCE ]R ACAwill SELL by AUCTION, as above I TIDAY (Friday), 20, 1 'cok a choi ASREC.. BL&GE of Ancient aadXodemrn URIuttEsoe by order of Ext. cutors, and others to cover aidvanom; tno u g examplwe of tho fob.- lowing and other masters- Onyp Rubens 3Kobbima wilson Monches-on CaLnaletto Wouxverm%a: s orolsad, Im, On view, and catalogues at Mr. GQaccas gallery, as a6ove No. w, pSt. Paul's churchyard.-A ollection of lI5gh.olaesP tutlus, of English Dntel ad FlemishL Schools, Bropxes, Antique Jars, j[~/jR.ARN I'li SLL b;AOoTION at b11 19, an Rnomb.6i St aage .b-roy DERDAY( JkIQay Nov. 19,anseeblgeof PICs-RES, ot the ;arloua school, anIOog'Whiph a few mazy be found-an Interlo, Van der Daleo 3Holy Jwamil. Ruben, ; and other 1,y and after the folowing. Ouddo Carmichael Van Hove Carracci HOW=im Des oos, to. On vew...Oatalogues had os the promises; and of Mrw. Barrett, Bel. jszd, Doctors'-oommouB, N.B. Money advanced On propety intended
