BIRTHS. On the 17th Inst, at Wimbledon, the Counteia of Kerry. of a daughter. On Saturday. the 17th Inet., :t Traboigan, the Lady Fermoy, of a daugbter. Onthe2M of July, at Koaswlee, India. the wife of A. Bell Martin, XWQ. ot he 9th Royal Iancere ot a. dwanhter. On the 8th tt,at the realdence of her uncle. Dl'. Palmer EHowyab, Oal@utta, the ddow of A. H. G4. Mlock, Esq., late Officiating di;As Sdoner, S.thanporte of a bon. On the 12th In3t.. at 36, Devoenhire-plae, the wifle of T. T. de Lliardl. Req., of a Bon. On the 12th inet, at Ilarkdde, EnglodeiLd-green, Mrs. WliaM Metezies of a son. On the 13th int., at the Vicarage, Ferrybretge, Mrs. John HEW, of a On the 15th inst, at 8, rlrhton-cresoent, Portobello, N.., the wIfe of Ileut.-Ool Clephane, late 79th Hlghiandera, of a daughter. On the 16th nstk, at Lochend, N. B., the wife of George Warreander, REmq., of a daughter. On the 16th it., at Ul. Alderagate-street. the wife of Charlew T. Donolly, Esq., of a daughter. On the 16th Inst., at Laugharne Castle, the wite of the Ray. 0. J. Bowen, of a. ton. On tho 16th inst., at VltorIa-park, Manchester, the wife of Joseph Ellr, Esq., of twin soes. On the 16th sltct, the wife of Frederick Mayhew, ot Ohalcot ViIisz Havre tock-bill, anid of Argyll place, Regent Street. FBe., of a dsa.whter On the I6h ins., at Gloceeater-plaet Southea, the wife of John M. :Mlnter, Esq., R,R.O.S., Ret- Majesty's YachLt Victoria and Albert, of a Bon. On the l7thlnat, the wife of 0. Spencar Termse Dickias, of a 3on. On the 17th Inst., at 210, Grange-road, Bermondsy, the wife of Mr. Or. X'. Spooner, of a son. On the Ith instt., at 9, COanrcnmepiaee, Brixton-road, the wife of Mr. Sidlney W. Smith, of a son. On thae t7h Ins-I.. at 14, Erormupton-row, Bromnpton, the wife of Wmn. Martyn, ieq, F.R.O8., of a dAughter. On the 17gh inzt., at Park-end, Upper Sydenahm, the wife of Froderick Hiller. Req.. of a eon. On the 17th inet., at Sutton, Smrry, Mrs. Edward RoweD, of a daughter. On sunday, the 16th lst., at No. 3, armdena-aqutre, St. Panoras, Mms Frederick WVelch, of a daughter. On the 18th iost., at the Bury. Stevenage, the wife of John W, 8mith, Er-q-, of a floe. - On the 16th Inst., at Reech Lodge, nety Marlow, the wife of Captain Moutagri Deitnar, 7thx Dragoon Guards of a% daughter. Onr the. 18th Intie, at 4, WaUisam.terraee, Bitebrock. near Deshln, the we of Henry lWand K eily, solic-itov. otf a d.sugrhter. r On. the 18th inst., at 8, Bathenlaud-square, Walworth, Mm. Beni B Rrown, o1 a daughter.I I On Sunday, the I8th lost., at 27, Green-streast Park-lane, the wife ot Captain Arnold Thompson, Royal Artillry, of a daughter. A - Onthe 18th Inst., at 12, Tregunter-road, Weat Brcumpwo, the wife ot James Godwin. eaq.. of a. daughter. 04Oc the 18th ieat., at St. Rary's, Chatheur, the wile of Willam Edward t uller, Rsq., late 14th Light Dragoona, of a son. On the 16th fmt., the wife oE John D. oseonthal, Eq., of Harcourt street, Dublin, of a eon. On the 1Sth Imt., at Walworth, the wife of Henry William Plelden, Ort the 18th in,t., at Hampton-wlck, the wife of Charles L, Crafer, Feq., of a daughter. On the lath inst., at TAurdown, neaf Southampton, the wife of Robert Otst, E!., ot a daugbter. On the 18th WnA, at 15, Eaton-place, Mrs. Philip Pleydell Bou,erle, of a son. On Monday mrnoing, the 19th imt . at ZIo. 22. Park-etreet, Grosve. norsquare, the Hon. Mlre. Tbomnas Pakenhanr, of a soo.
MARRIAGES. On the 29th July, by special license, at the resldence of the bride's father, Willam Archibald Fraser, Esq., of Wect-atreet, Durham, Port Natal, to sh Aie, eldest daughter of Joha Wabitt, Esq., of the same pl%oe,. On the 18th Augut, 1857. at St. Man's Church, Belise. British Handusa, by the Rev. Mathevw Newport, D.D., Rural Deau and Bishop's Commiosasy, Depoty-Assl8tant Commissary General G. S. Dwight, to eiltua Sopbhi, eldest daughter of the R,v. J. U. Moogt9= NLA. On the 16th beptembar, at St. Peters, Barbados, Major Wil a Bellair, of the 49th Regiment, Knight of the Legion of lonour, and Deputy Asnst.-Queartermauter-General. son of Sir Wtlliam DOUr of Mualbarton Lodge, Norfolk. to Emily Oraven, eloe;t daugnLter of Wil 11am Bartoa Gibboos, Esq.. of BarbEioa's OaWedneaday. September 23, at Trinity Church, St. Vinents West Indier, by the Rev. T. A. Browne, Rural Deau, George Hammond lawtayne, REq., to Elizabeth, daughter of the lion. Alexander Ma On the Sth Indt.. at Grasmere Churoh, by the Rev. Fleteber 1leming, rector of the pariah. James Carter Shepherd, Mtq., oS Ambleside. t, Elizabeth S. A. Bradshaw, eldeat daughte of the late Rev. Sir Richbrd le Jleming. Bart., rtor of Groamere and Windermere. On the 14th toot., at the St. Johns BZoisorDal Church. BaDIeton. 1~B, b th Re. Chn ~n~bel, Vcarof ;.Geori.'s. Wolverhampton. aesisled by the Rev. William Hay, Inouutbent of the churca, Willam Ctavla Shkespare iilv eldst cn orthe late Rtev. Dr. Gllly, Vicar oi Norham and Canon of Dochain, tFlora Agne, only child of the late Rev. WYilliam lakeg, wncumbent ot ciemneraton, On Wednesday, the 14th inst., at St. Pancras Church, by the Rev. David Laiug, Sir. Hekry Grange Bigge, to Sarah Rebecca Coliett, aideat dauglhter of Peter Sho3pee, laq.. ot Clarence-ro*, E:entish town. On the 16th tnot., at Crayford, Rent, by hle fatber, the Rev. Bradford Denne Hawkina, rector of RivenbaUl. FEex, Robert Samuael Hawkins teq., toiFrancea Matilda, only daughter of the late Adam Corrle!ijUn., Emq. On the 15th Snst., at the parish church. Chuach Strettor, Sbropshie by the Rev. H. 0. Wilson, Rector, Riohard John, eldeat son of Wr. E. B3. Barrow, of Kenmngtoii, to Ehza Taylor, of Hod ghust. Leebotwood. Youngest daughter of Mr. Robert Taylor, ot 3analee Farm, near LShiffnAl Shropshire. On tho, 16th itet., at aleavltree, Exeter, by the Rev. John Matthews vicar of Tnowvtone, Mr. Wtiltam Drew. of Keosrbam Mllls, Bradniolh Devon, to Helen, only daughter of Wn. Matthews, ]eq., of Regent's. park, Exeter. On the 17th lnat., at the pa.riah cuchum, wrokeuoam. by the Rev. W D. waoone, rector of Langl. aeardby the ar., to Salmo, Cape. enham, end grandson of the late Sir Johnt P. Grant of Rothim h ZT.B., tO hlary Georgina, eldest daughter of the hate G3eorge Barnaer, Otederlck Barnard, of Stable-yarde St. JameOh ' Paa e. s Sl Edward Headlandc, air Wila ery Don, Hart., to Emily, eldest William Gibson. Req., Of Claphain, tollary Ann, YOungest daughter o: tbe late Richd. John Anderson. Eeo., of Park-road, Sk. Johnswood. On the 17th Inst., at 8t. Fancraa New Churchb by the Rev. Canon Dale, M.A., Mr. Wiliam Dickinson, of Cambrldg".tre0t, Hyde-park, to Mary Ann Henctetta, eldest daughterot Mr. John Glazier, of Tottenham-court-read. ? On the 17th Inst ,at St James's Church, Plocadclly, by the Rev Chal E. Walker, John Bfoadherut, Esq., son of John Broadlhst,]Re., of Poaton. Derbysbire, to Floreune Georginma Tocana Gumming, Youngest daughter of the late hen, Stc Haenry Cumming, Colonel of the 12th Royal Lancers, Of upper Groavenor-atleet. On Saturday, the 17th inst., at Highiield Church. SouthamDtOn by the Rev. G. 8. Fi7gzerald, saasited by thie Rev.'p SoinaervWe Geg H. KL Bower, t AQ.e R.N., Knight of the Legion of Honour, oo .B Ing Her Malcesty'ts steam yacht UJsbome. to Mrs. Cruiteaiu:k, widow of the Late Willan Crulkahank, Esq., of Langley-park, Montrose. N.Ra
DEATHS. Kiled in the mutiny of Bhyiesigh?aat,'in June, while gallantly golug t tho aeas1 d 5f btr He IAwrence Liet.t Joseph Oudbert LontivICak,of theI 67th Regt. B. 54.I., in command cf the 3d Regi Irregulars rand arLat o0n0sonrL in ISude. On the 2Sd Aug., Captain Frank Gore WIlIock. aged 29, 6th RegImnent of Bengal Light Cavalry, eldeet eonx of sir enywWuoct, H,L.S., of Castlenasu Eiouse, Mortlake, Surrey, sers-Ig asa& Volunteer with tbet army of Delhi and uttsheJ to the Guide cop His deatth wasoccaloned byinternal injuerie,sustained by hishorse rolling over him, When engaged on the duty of reconnoitring the enemy's gmoverments. In the Fort of Agra, on the 24th August, of a woutd received in action on the ith of July, deutenant John Henderson Lamb of the Bengal Artlluery, aged 2 , Aascsant Comeslwionier at Orale, second eon of David L Dmb, Eeq., of LiverpooL. At Kurtohete, h . L, on the 28th of A3f ust aged 32B Adinest, wIfe of CaDtain H. Weston, Bombay Army. ' dn Baa At Governmenthoure, Madraa, on the th Sept., Ca tain Jo William Hay. 2M.670th Regimaentt, eldest eo fS dham Hay, of Hayctoune. and bilhary Secretary to the Governor, Lord Harris. On the loth .ptember 'on board thae Fatty gsllam, i blhI pssage, from the Peruian ul to ei ombty, WilUiam Crockett, seoond eon of the into Captain John Crockett, of China, in hia alt yea.r Onr Thome 15t Spobr, at Kigtn Jaaia Lient.rldvne Ruober etorR hey E o n t . Rer , i m e nt, f o3 r me r lyt o Hnt et r M aje s t y ' e 9 9 t h F oo,r t , th i r d s o n o f thelaer Captain Deaoc s of ther (j' 1°7u[5on thDredti FthmS7t Ln, On the 7th Inst., at his residence, vJOlobos.m, near Gottnburgb. Sweden, Richard Dann, Esq., formnesly of the Queen's Dragoon Gunars, agad 48. On the 11th nogt., at Brighton, Nagler Cecil. aged 7, and on the 17th,FrancIs lllr aged 5, sOnsofl Daniel,Esq.,14th Regt. Onx the 14thx inst., at Sevenoalrs after a lingering Illness Mr. Isorphew, aged 63. 'In the 14th Fn4to, after a.cehurt lJlnees, a' the residence of her bog. to e Tor W 79t Ladert 3odn . outhezuhams eter, Wia stamllif n Sherwell House, Plymouth. ,EeerMic aue,o On the 14th ixst., in btn 36th year, at sis redence, Milltet Hr. mnondsey.wll, Mr Joseph Crtsp. shipwright, the eldest eon of eTehomas risp,Rq.,' Cipowner, lte of Bermendsey. On the 14th lnst., at 2ort,eoue House, Tweckeollam, Henry Dirou, Req., aged 65. On Thusday, the 11th Inst., at BrIghto_ Chaules Nevill, the infant son tr4 the Rion. Frederick and B rrs. rttzmauioe. On the 15th inst, at Dedhama, Essx, aged 65, Major.General Joseph XLeggett, R,1.0.S. Madras Army. Oni Thursday, the 19th ist. at asvededn.h bill, nearBedfora, the Reyr. Thomas IM Joseph Sundsarlomn On the 16th Int., at North Berwict Jrate, wffe ofFrattnis Gheorg SouLter, Resq.. of 89, Great King-street.Edinburgh. On the 16th last., at Fordtn Houe, CrdWton1 Thomas Prg, Esq., Clerk of the 1Peace for the geunty of Devon, the 67th year of hts aro. On the 17thL inst., at Dover, Matthew Kennett, Req., aged 68. 'L,0a the 17th Inst., at 31, Ryeclhne, Peck.ham, Samuel WIckins2]FA., in the 69t year of his age, On the 17th inst., at Marlborough-hill, St. Johns.o,Crli,th beloved wife of Sir WWiim B. Burnaby, Bert.'s~cdCalieth On the 17th incth. at 16. St. Savlour's-ohurehyard. Bouthwark, M abl4ad Augusta, wife of Ebenezer Colo. On the 17th Inst., at his father's residence, Lieut. George Grieve, of H.L M. 38th Itegt.. aged 21 the beloved andyoxet so noWila yoal rev. Esq., ofKlhurn, Mtddlcee, cos sn fWila On the 17th inst., Xancy. the wile of lioebard Life, of Tufton-cireet, Westmnster, formerly of Bolton-by-Bowlau, Yorkshilre. On Sa'uxday, the 17th inst., at Breosoton My. Thomas Robert Clrke, of 110, Fenchurch.street, London, solicitor, aged 40. On2 the 17th insk., suddenl Mr. Joeeoh Willams, Inn, Of Poredbill aged 59, oldest eon Of .Naeph Williams, REsq., of Stamford.hiil, and jewry.street, A.dgate. onsthe 17th inst.t Cliff-terrace Tarpate, In is 6hyar fe few days' iWncam =:ret, wieo onj2Il of 36t sear,adeftrera north, Ciamden.town, onDill f3 adn.re on the 17th lust., at Oxford, after a long And severe ililnem, MAti:da,, lifth daughter of M6. H, Jcob~ Clerk to the Justieas tnd guaroiaua ot the poor of that city, dearly b ved~. by all1who kne, her. on the 17th inst.. Sarah, the beloved wife of J Delaney wine rr ohant, of 70. Mfark-lanae, London, after a lon an aInfu ilness, bornte with Christian forttude, aseed 57. Pt.LP On the Ilthijust.. at 22, Nottlurg-hill-terrace Harry Oriddle, Esq., in bisl 51st year. oni the 18th inst., at 5, Hyde-park.gate, Setn Kninta,K Ann, wife of Rfclmard Lambere, Him esigtn Mr Ont the 16th inst., at Pelhsm.creswnt, Hastings of booping cough, Pers Herbert, the infant Eon of Mr. John Edmound lieAobd, of fjumroeneirt House, Weat.hillI, Wandswertb, aged 15 months On the 16th inst., at 56 cadogan.plaoe, Beatrice Isabella, youngest chilu, of Captain A. L. Molmitgownery, R.N. OnSuaymoig the 18th last.,Witeborn atassW,Wlauthoue neyld HIgh.m 3way, HarraWisoniBAm,th beovd nr o nl son a o fe Wriam, land Sollwo On the l-i taet., after agfeda' IlnM ,a ewrtsHl vsom At her residence, 4, Hope Cottagee, Wandewostis-road, Amrs Psosbe Andersn, in the SOch yeur of ber age,
J~OR SALE, the propryo atljentlan. a ~band. Boma BAY GELDING, si er l,1 ad nhs,oundi, and uitw ith sal action. Pie£1.ppyoth wr,Busby. lob ,Tddntn Middleses. P ~Xy_ancl01G,-Plated Ham'esa &o.-Any personIPmutinga thorough' good quiet PONY, with good Gig and Har rIesA and sudis a btain them for therinm 0! £23-lowest price IhppIy to mr.=acos,".lower-terrace, liAmabouse ea,t, Staneby-road-. GRY COB, about I4~1 bands, seven years old, ac .tio sueionbse hOrse wtith strengith and iartieularly fine Estiate,,, near reninington oburch (afler 12 'oeloc).' bysld jROUGHAIlsI`HORSE--a handsome Dark Ironi ,..FGray Gelding, 16 hands high, with rnperior actioni, very quiet in -19-6n invaluable for a fRmily carriage, and price moderate. Tobe sen~dtried at Mr. Miller'is, 6, Seymour.plare Bryaziston-square., w. ~AINKS's STABLES King's Mews, GrAy's.inn.-A. J.gV dd DARK GRA+ GELDI NG, five yea siold, 15 handS 2 phtve property, v.nd wwarrated round ; astylsuh goer, eulted fera mathhrse, hunter, ora charger. Pricec8 uineas. ~AY GELDING for BALE, 16-i hands 6 inche_s off, J.)quit ad god in harness-for a brougham or match horse Prie 5 gunea. les, a Pair of PoIes.o 15 hands: have heen driven by a ady.Appl atWiliams, Coopers and O.'s, 85, Weet Smtthfield, fj0 be SOLD, the proerty of a geutlemaii , ah-and. T1.some BAY BROUGI4MRIX0 E 16 bands ig,goodactlon, greet vowfer, and ouiet In barcewe I paredA with because th Owner has 3no f, rther use for him. ADPliCadton to be made to the coaschman, at the stables, 1s. Albany-mews, New-road. r iR JIORSIfS to be SO3LD, at a m -oderate . Tc:A streingtby short-legged fast Brougham Gelding. aix yearsa old, 16 bands: also a haudi'(ine Bay Gelding, five Yeas, 15 hands S1 in., suitable for saddle, pbaeton, or dog-cast ; and a Dark Bzrown fare,1l5bsndsl in., acleverbhack and hunter, up toll stone. Private g,super-Red Lion Stables, UDPer King-street, Bloomsbury. ABARGAJN-~3O un0 il etknfo ef BROUJGHAM HORSE, or any carrIage requiring power as the owner has two and Only UNe for one. Six year, old, 15 hands 3 inches - I-ltb fasi, with loftty action. Onie has been hunted. property a a .raelr Trial and wariranty given. Apply at 71, Curtain-road, Emins L"uR SALE,THREE HR SES:Gt fist a Wel-b~red 1) ayGlig15 hands B inches high, a goo hunter, and a elev,v bac, fveseas od;second a Brown Gelding. 16 hands high), 6 years uld,ride wel, qiet n haese andthe ofaser reat weight, the thir a ray ars 18band hih, yeas god, d cover hack, and weryfas. Al waraned ound Tobe eenOf Mr. Cobb, at the r wo HORSiES, a bargain-;-L One of the -hand. Tromest Brown Geldings in London, five years, 15 bands 2, black pDoints, perfect broutblaun or pbaeton horse, Mud good hunter. 2. IR3y Gel ding. 15 handsa 2, ruitable for phaeton or dcart rides well. B3oth fast, with grad action. Warranted sorand. Privte, Property. Puice 45 guIneas and 25. APPly at Swan-yard livery stables, Si, Marud'r-lano. L"OR SALE (throurrh a death), a 31HORSE, st.c .3.' years old, very fast, IS hands 2 incesa high. Has hemU driven constantlY In a Pbaston, and ridden by the present owmer two years Warrnted soond. Tria allowed. Almo Phacten, Harness, Clothing. P1rice not Eo musoh an oblect as a ready sale. Wouid let the horse f,r aix months for his keep. Apply at the ,eterinairy fore ,Bigrw Upper BeIgrave-roi id o1 or at the ownier's, Cugeth5P'1.(o0dppo-siteW). VfUESDAY's SALE, by AUCTION, Octbobr 20.- T.About ONE H-UNDE-ED flORBS~, with a gret variety of Caririares. Hareso, do, Severallotsare without reserve. Thelhorses en Eait of carriwale, pbacton, brougham horses, hunters bawks, cobs, and 00Ouleo, ironm the studs of noblemen and gentlemen; also strong Van and cart horses. ada p ted for townx andI farming purpoees. on view tfll InocrnIng9of sje,at REA,'s rpoeitorY,Newington,oppos the Elephant and Castle, one mile froma the London bridges -3IR SLE, a PAIR of DARK I3ROWIN GEL.2D G,l5bands3incheshight,age, One 8, theother6; theywre godsepr,and mnatch well: have regularly been driven together. ,They are warranted sound. and Quiet In all kinds of harness: a tkisl nilowed. Dittos a rir of Bay Gedings, 15 hands 1 inch high,.g, n S, ibo other 7. Theysare quiet In harneeasand fast, and bavebsere gulalsly driven in a inr,il nheeton. They wre warranted sound and quiet. A trial allowed, To be seen at J. Pickling's, Norfolk-yard, Westhmuore-grove west, Bayawater. O .NTINE (known in Leicestersie,avr Andi som,e BAY HORSE-has black pons efc utror ateePlechaser, and charge,1had2jicshg;hscrid a lady: has breeding, and oe to1stn,whhihuckatlert ?rlce C 40. Warrantdm ihsa opoehsqsliain.2 a Horse. Aii a goo utradhreshre 5hns3ice ih ha"Is uy aci"on awing scee and trall Bohsycrol.Wrntd &pply at stables,Quoeu'r-row, Kennlntorod Generall y useful and compact little HORSE for Ane1 unes elknw ihthe Surrey hounds for eyque,adwthoutseko b lemih.LeDi the prO perty of a genlmn, wovhso can be referred to, and who has got no further use for her. Bile Is a first-class, well-bred, black-brown mane, mAster of 12 atone, is six years old, stands newlNy 15 hands 2 inohes. very handsome, with, aupertor action and fit for a first charger. She has constantly carried alc,and seldom is such a one offered for sale, sas she is a first-rate seur,ad so temperate that any lay may ride her with hounids In safety. She Is warranted souLnd and quiet, price only 65 guineas, To Aie s,eur and a trial siowed at Mr. J. Osborn's cobmmisson and livery stable; 'Upper MontagA-treet, Mdontagu-square, W. -~ Is.POSI 1O y, Barbican.-To Agrlcuiturisits.- .IL.helgia Car Horss-Mr 3. GWEIthas received instructions train5h', mporer toSELLby AUTIONon l5'rlday next, Oct. 21, RiCHMONID CONVEYANCE COMPANY.- Omnibus HROMEs. -Mr. JY. GOWVER is instruted by the Direc. tosof the Ricismond Conveyance Compay to SELL by AUOTION, at his Repository, Barbican, on rIzday Oct, 23, at 1, without reserve, atcording to theIr aunuual custom, ~rWENTY.TWO very superior HOllnlIS , mostly Quiet in single harness, which have been emplyd in Shoee isell appiointedl omnibuses to and from the Bank. Mr. Gower ibegs to call the attention of omnibus and cab proDrWrietr, tradesmen, and others to the abovre veil-known and much admired stock ; having baeen selected withl carse, are in good condition, and for asowlute sale. JOn vit w two dyay prior. i)EPOSITORY, Barblcal.- rdySBale as usual. - 115 Horstes, Carriages, and Larness of every desaription.-Mr. ;Y. GOOWER wni SELL by AUCTION, on Friday next, Ostobec Al about 11S HORSES, comprising weight%:rrying cbs, hack, pouies, Omnibes and carriage horses Egih and Began cart horses. iProperty intended for sale should be senit tsodayspror. Too public are requested to observe there in no dealing on eh part of the pro. isrietor or any of his servants tending tooaperatetoth disAdvantage of either buyer or esiler, nor in any case is the ownership of horses mis. wopres- uted. A A)RIDGE's, St. D atnslne.-WedneKsay's ASale -To be SOLD byr AUOTION, To-merrow, Wednedsdy. Oct. Si,ther poe ty ofagentlemain, having nao fu.ther uefor him, a EAY GELi01, 15 had.s high, quiet In harness, on v"iewv. ~LDItII)GEt"; St. Martilss'elane.-wedneada-y' A Sale. - To be SOLD by AUCTION, To-morrow, Oct. 21, &be Property of a gentlemaIn, a BAY GEILDING, 15 hands 1 inch high, sivery fast tvotter, with dne action, a light Denreit by Shanks, and the Plated Harness On view. ALDJIIDGE's, St. Masrtin's-1an-e, London.-PatblicA U.nles by Auction, eyery Wednesday and ever Saturday thro%ugh. outtheyear commencing at 11 o'clock precisely.-N HUNDE aind El BTEN HOHM are submitted topublic COMPETITON, on eachb of the above days, by Mr. SIATTAM, the auctioneer. !Io.morrOw. Oct. 21, active and powerful horses, trom the stocks of Mr. Joshua East and other jobmasters suitable for broughams Clairences, couble ;nd single harness, carriage horses, hunters, an hiacks, from the studs of noblemen and gentlemen; ladies horses, cobs, and Ponies for riding and driving. On Saturdays, in addition to lbs horses, a great variety of phaetons, bron hamis, claenoes dog. Curte, nan gigs, with sets of doe,ble and slnge harness, Baddes and hrder lipoerty should be roeosvas two days beore either sale day, for pu!lic viw and Insertionx in the catalogues. 013S.-For SALE, a smafl, exceedingly handsome, -U) nd ighl brd Black and Tan Engis Toy Terrier D)og, aged 14 monts, illfeth ad o,ry an is faousrat destiroyer and house dog alo te sallst nd andomet Backand Tan Ring Charles' Spanel og n Enlan, aed I moths inver trickey, and war. yantd ovr th disempe. Aply t A, ., 3, LoDwer Slnoan-street, itt ULB~-SEATED B3ROlUGHAM,fashionable,lht P IL.t.NTUM, withwne mcou-.Teonro -L one of these, feshionabecrigs(he otsod ihst 'A'RT WI'ITR it at aooedebesdciniprc. ess.Cod 'of 79. Woilo-street, wvillso to apiai fI1i1' secona-hanld fashionlable double and singie JLBROUGEHAM. just off their rVec~etive iobs, to be SOOLMD or LET, on mo-lerate terms, To be wsee a ,MOrgan's, 90 and 91,Juniodin-tesraco Edgeware-ros'd. I3ROUGHAIsd--A very light,o superior, circular. trea-ted BROUGHAB2 equa to new, tobe SOLD for 85 guineas, and a full warranty given. T o objection to let on job, Apply at thLe ftiridere', W. and C. Milddleton,, 40, Long-acre. IUOUGHA.M.-A gentleman, Wh hesut hoAd .Lj very handsome circuar-f routed BROUGHA bul oblige to0 PAR?' WITH IT. It Is alt bat new, and mayb seathebuilder's, 2-1. fIr, at QuLeni-etet, Lincoin's.inn-felds. 'JUND- FRONTED)BRLOUGHAM, doubles so LIod equ*l to new, the ~propertv of a gentleman, who havin no lurtiser use for it will take 95 guIneas. original cost 140 g=uIne, and has only been used a few times On view at. his coasebbole',66, Qreat Queen-etreet, Long-acre, J3IOUGHAM and B3AROUCH-twvo first-class car- h3rsgn, ult regardless Of expense, to be asarilled In ronsqun ofta entleman leaving Enln.At30 UBIG'.L4mSuth- stret Mnchester-square. A cotinual supply afl every cdam kept for gale or bire. 0OUIABLB LANDAUS,.---They are the most fas sJ hionabIo carrisnes ofthe day. Itis a perfect summeirandwlinter carriage, can be opened or shut at lpleasure in two minutes. For fISALS. or to be Let on Job.-At Holman and Whittingham's, 128 mad .Z9, Lone-acre. W J. an FEC TON beg to submit the folwn altofCAlRIIAE tbeSLonhelowestpssbe em tor caski:-SIngle brougditto, dobe-seate Amrughans, landau euolables lh aoc,d,Teaoecr atages warranted.-At 2, Haknpae lrv-qae ~ (,ENTEMANs iREAK.-A. good and useful CARRAGI8 forbrek orpleaurepurposes, good sent, room de. ittd wth cshins,androom bo set, atent axletrees, &o. -At hIte IA Chetenarn.lac, Wetmisterroa, opposite the l's 'LOIED OCIA LES,to orm summner or b)argains. Stanhope and waggonette Phaetoirs, new and second-hand:; vony, and park bnaetous, in Panel and basket, at a great reduction - atugle and daub?e brouighams; cab phaetang, in every vareety, newan i,econd-hand, from £16. On view at 2 A, Southl-place, Finabury, IRCULAR-FRONThD BR~OUGHYA , with ~jAleheI'slmro,e 0 prigs,pySA&LE, a nearly new EItOGII.ax tht hs ben ued nlya fw times, litted withDsole and hal, spingcushon,and ing, Itin heDroperty of an officer ordredto nda,.To e senat . Adebrtand Co.'s, 57 and 88, TTNUER the PATONG o HrMot Gracious MAJES-TY andthe Kin ofIS&RDINI and PORTUG,AL.- hlsr.LNY and Co coac buildem and harsermkess 012 Lnd13,Norhed Cryo,bgt alotnlnt hi 2es 21L POII, frmig acomleteclee crrige,withwierpnl.au gine and ehanMear.rea 7110 DOAOHBY m Dm -And. PPp~ best -Horste G-W. MA bn Co,mnlcNIeS, 13, ESea-tree pElasps bldes, &&,Ca.BPU B ENTONLI,ko, o ATndiT bEfoemfiotei rucss Sade,£ 10.1doule dle, 4,-bgy sne g'o~s QADDLERY o Ham"-"dge Iris rdls e,a OJONnear halfthesdir'pie.Teb and ne Swx. Wm th¶ bed In England Nmonebtatce o h ,s X2.at ot :nrcdntewl l6owI prise,90 Hos lnes rles adr; udtage are Cofed VWn bVthepiea falatclspoue mii I
BndARESIDENEN, 29. Nofolkcr rscent BOARD Ind REBIDENO1. JAREY.ST_RE Br B MAXdSO1 I0 aly-tet Oaeds-sUaRe. em a rate, Releroce reoTer mode re~~~~~~~~~~om t (JARD) and RESIDENCB (Superior) 25a. and 303&~ ed and breakfast, Is At Ii and 14, unde.Wstroet, htrand. ntrial* quiet, social, and relect. Prenchaun&Germanimoan_ BOAR andRESIENCE, Woburn-place, 1Russel- squre-Threaretw ortheeVAOANOYES. where only a few Inmtesaretakn. erm moerae.Applyto A. B.. Mrs. Leonard's B~~EA~~Ali)or A PA , .11B S LeadeohRSIDEll)MRtreet,s tar. - or un~l getlean.Addres to H. H., W0, Upper Jledford.placa, OAR] andRESIE~N E-AHOME, replete .LJ ithever doesti cofert isOTNLtRDto a, ruayied couple o~ wdowlad, inthehoue ofa gntlmanwithoult family, residing I)OAR] and RESLIJENCE.-A lady of the highest; BLreepecsabllty, realdlng near the Glooester-gate, Regent's park, and Camdern Station, N$.B.., withes to receive a g-entlemu Sfult os DuArtte boarder. Ralerences required. Address W., poet-oIce Park. W'rest, Camden-town. BOAR]) and LODGING are O1FFERED ~Inthe B fanrily of a medical man, 6slds in a healthYV tnf thei eust en4 of London. Omnibuses 'Parme the door contine and dve minutes'w kof a railway station. -Termas fromni2le. to 30Os. per week; according to aequirement-,. AddressMedieus, pot-ofce, alie-etrd-r. nOAR]) and RESIDE-NCE, na-r- ~KensingtonL7gardens.-A private family wisth to meet with a lady, or two Sistrs Occupyng the same room. Terms for one £50 per annum, or two. Li00. Cheerful soliety. Address W. W., 1reulee's library: High-street, Irotting hili. O3AR]) an.d RESID]E-NOR, Ksnsington-gardent.- LFSuperior accommodation and comnfortable HOM1 0 vFERED to, parties of the highest reenectability. A professional cook ensure a fell-appointed table. Mhoderate terms will seuem a permanent martia- fato.Address 4, Rille-terrace. Queen's-road, Eayawater. B OAR and RESIDENCE.-Aprvseaal ceived as artial boarder. Halt an bour'swakroth t-AB. 41. Victoria-road, near Oxford-road. Lower-ra,Ilntn OAR]) and RESIE E.A married couple or &Jtwo~Larles can be,receivred insa ommodious well-f urnise house, in the country, at Hernehsireb, 14 miles from town, offering evrar comfort o a goodb,ome on moderate terms. A tarr"ag Is kept. Apply to R. V., care of H. de Pocquet, 14, Tavlstock-Btreetk vent-garden. B~~I en Fanflle~ WATED, by an agree. repy o his Adrss spctyigalpsttulrsedtris,to A. AA.. II OARD) ord PRTSIALO.3A ldy,A hadyn canrger B onie atdensierabeqhome in a oomryvillabie, prvt faily, twher ontherae noutebldrenoLinedgers. sterms £4 pa feranm Ore abv ge ntle mandmy whayis inwata bofasprdion hmoerat wterms oeary atteetio toultown by ai od omibus Address Qho ,, candrbe for Lake, bakeer,mHgh stet ekAmp.oAp.UGag..re.Prmnsu ROAR]) and RESIDENCE -AldRhE n lage ladhous thn shquet requirlesn famolty, villagce, mtsfo n gladynghooismi Tanrofa superio hot e o vr ttninwudb paid. The hatouasel nelto nse,oegaelsi,wt ag oe en ktce n gaprdens, tosubbeLand steable for one horse. Termts. mdrt.Apply to Alpha,Gcq I , UGeorge-sot oreet, Chtmn-qapre, 5)(LAR])AndA RESIdEC an R~S~eQUIeD,-by alo "ACMOAT-ld aqIetNueeIsbl OFamily, in lad healthy andbracn part regentioule. Aibgool tbled romandispeernlswble,y with ocetonlue tof sigttin Trom, Toermstmustpnot exe2ed £35 yelgar.vIt ilce, for alf clanINess civiBlity,and earlyhours, beerncs xcane.ad, Die, wih ull Tartmuas,toodA. t.,I Paternbloposter-row.oswah coupls. Libreeral tablead heerullsocitet. Prylmtdt PRIVAT BOARDNG-HOsmal seleteBare- BLIHMET,jus OPNE, b Mie.and Mive. Parisians, ddress, propaid, 2, ro LuMileete DRIVATE OARDING-HOUent, furnThere are3 THRE VAof IE. trc rerece mareireclan given. Appl byletterOrR personal entween tehpoursaof REIDEaNd CE, andtan 4,o,sat Mrs., useisf lot,Be ariage-teac,o Teermvesquare Adre L'aMJYunercoe toUE 2os , Rutie Royalstet, nefar h= ae paro thee Paris. formoerlythe zorms oMAdamsh do fouta. ofboeLA everytE sinuezssor. B'edton rooms and aprtmednts. une,Cm fortabl tablie. opeo o ul ayo etea.hre hlJ clan, O151uEB8 pvermanentor teGmport ihary selIeot Cry, with goeoud soityf, uemoaclosecrriagee.agon.Terms £00adear, Address ME.lTs, ponderloo cover tpot, nfie, Elarl-sree. Babra UJhadin a Bsarlduit Amiy reidogw i aOZ pleasant fandhelty parteofdthe aton on moerateevil terldms.Al the ruforiof torne, with evefrytkbldes and- atoa otten, my befelidon,sticaefebence uxchnged. mddrmessB Pem. p Atddice.atngs S3reex.otofo, 0ito-u ALSTDE.-A -widow lady,hnatw AACE PAfRTIALmrre couplEoRS fwobr asothe l or getea, e sa deiroaboomefo The rmidro h esnms moderate, AddresY.s7 URREY.-Eoar.-A wido ady, withothfamily,r comortble HOMEIE ito arut-e %mlay of dmsiatbed ali pnv re-gdLneSTombn.A wiow zolady, a hefavigalrelo ARTiAdleOARedEFR. obrothker pe ofredwul ind taiair oesirabe. T ad erm a s moeae ddestro. 'to poet-owithea f4, Queeon'-rw LI r on form, Deferan-Lles an whertehen aeol teacIeh o the wuvinterofathe fea anhisr BAnD Issuhr a spectM N reds Iihot aw mildand dstrico rhi residencefo thue inter_ moths. b Address Mrs. Ba,rwiek.oc A OME -onr orALDS tor YOUsnGsAIE a a b anRteC daVedurintgth furmiclyoabeodlrgmnt partcipaeinoe all thEedcomfors and advamntae fasproonr rhesdne ooimbining gLondo pbyotey,a cesa eti ice n matQernala cqars AlodomsbuAry3, at Mc okns ew gn.h. A Midde-agaddO otGers.-expeariened i tuton of Frnch nd G rma, evenrac tof meetnd with a famiyWcos try r twn, ormr arfered, whrgenhecoldemach tho shar in e- factry efeencs cnegivN. chilrp blette t RL.wa to B., pats omvia stret ast ReentsquRe, v.CJh. akW.Ln atnDry [j BALoBIRNVALIS, orAPersonsR REquiringJCar d oqance During uriclOAeAt odng.-AMed,ofgra t. Biene athperd bs, tesomotailiofnt ari iktls permited, to2 refer t th seteienrvLnd on hyicansxt a ond uraton, ddee, AN. 0d, 24,&uenT- ore UNBcOmUND MIDW dsrs. ometC.haslis chaoe.INVALumiDs andy oetired,ina ba moarried. m exca rfnodmen,liin ian athenalthear oaf Dryoashir,arg Thoue, hbextrenereosRive paeasrund,ad xmeven Acdres of gras landfi, Whithtariage,n plOce, wippeery olforty. ocide.Rlwytalprsevs bAihu,AdRTesTS,AlhandRv,sohn arer', on heao.derby.l Gee. Bth ervament,Is tdoo ugWextra, onsultrati-ton fee,lns.gd ro2ms,ondiigro,adbdYo. I NSANITY.-A lady, who has had the CARE ofFa PLARTMofNTSON ManD,dsoesi to meetwith obsmia chargem,Heingrhouse,isovry orAetired,iahely localty therexpe rencestgIeny pl and4expected. AddreesA . poed-ofice, htint handsomeloyb LET uPrnished, nat 12,_n AcAsRTureeent, aerodonn estborntu-ts,frstfloor,wondrawning e roomsrooedinbed room, naandted sooms.ihatedno Apyt A.PARTIMENTS hAyondsmersoFun, ished,to famey LETbin toyLuTh-etarge st,gPorta -plae, bodassdn ROfM aitdrawinguroom, Uinin roomffu oro dnyperbed rooms, to be let wtgdetheryo 2sepsrautel, Aply tl.I, Weyhnote-stureet,Potland-place. APARTM'ENTS,tb Ladoel,yunshd nufihear CMost A1disth-square,yat eavryaens-aerntW-a frst oo xoelntainkingre ceindsroom, bedroom,hadranTe roaom,wthatendancue. Applyrtoe Mr. Scaler, auW oer. s Wleksre.Caeds-qae A PARTMENTS W NTD- A youapeeonrwit out faUiy i3wisdayt LET aZTW large sig u rdoul bedne F ROOM, withParlosTn UseG Rf MSianowad.AAdpreson stshing athomesil and everyal comfortAu Rand nsecroft.-lw gmaktesbry.c rlestreut, Pi Lico,ls 'ALPARTMENTS, hnsml Furni shed, MotiigciLost- able bedroomlanocaIty,nearooensington-gardensaEtelendntcooking -ndreattendanche, ogegano childre.Trm oera te-4tuat teen'sterae, tIraoewae, CeWa. A PARTMENTS oWBARTD WANbacelor, routal A. L. r. taensrol's,wmakr, , lere-sret,b L hnAoIn's- whn. APARTMENTS, Furnished, coiatalin comfort-be room and large airy bed room, well furnisheod; and they7 could a m modate a lay and, gentleman, or two friends, 'With anoather sepn -,som. Every attentionl would be paid to contrIbute towards thei oin f-;rt. The boome is considered healthy and plaantly situate, 0mni use pas iredor t te ctyandwet en,Referenoes exchanged Anplrto Mr. Pigon, 2, Heney-rod, Honsey-oad.Holloway, - FURNISHED APARTMENTSfor Single Geontle. men o b LE, a 9, ohnstret,Bereley-square--two front roos o scon feer Trms£1Is,pe wek~including linen atend- -URNqISHED A_PA.TMENT,1-a at~ttlrr9 and ~bed F room, on the drawing-roomn Boor. Everythig fresh and-clean. Suitablejfo single gentleman or lay, for a permanency or Otharwise, -At r15, Wlgmore-rtreet, two dooms from Caveaudihb-squere. IS ED - comfortable FURNISHED~ FBRED BOOK to be LET to a entlemen, Termsl, including attendance, Cff. per wee' APPly at 3, Mnor-lerrace north, King,a-. road. nhelsea. pURNISHED APARTMENTS, for a single genFsg l be ror,In a quiet epctb house, without children. Tsrms moderate, Apply to7 .,21Kig]Md5ecet loaad ,rok takn rnateey e gnea pr nnus,Andrea B, i., 42, New Bend- seprMeortogthe. ~~edaco and cooking. At MmO oebraub, 7, ink-stee, Geevnorsqaro Ap lyat the private eniano,. PURNIS~I APARTMENTS at Almfi Pricers oU2f a ,ewIccsdtuyfirst JIMrsitting and lie room,. With thestMg oanwplaa hoo clauin,nd attendance,£lE, aweek; f taken for theemonto £1Ills a week. -NO exra. Also a econd dloor to be lete. at 18'& aweek.fit akn lotrthmemontb, FURNISHED - APARTMENTS iSs per weein a N. very pleasant lOcality Its lalinaton, consisting of a 1)rawIn? Room and lied Room, parlour, and osie?ar two bed room? tosqiber os separate, within so m?nutea' walk of the city. Omnlbuseg psestnj all parts every qirasibrof an boor, T@sui? esodes-ate, Mdrg?, (3,, 8, ?usbw?-?vrt, Islingtgc5 13NFURNISHED,-.To be LET, a flrat.floor- T RONT ROOM (27tt. byi174, on modera04 terms, with or without stt.ndance. ADvlrat49-,s.ewOrxford etreet-ring thefirst-floor baIL FTNFURNISH1tD APRMN-TS to be LET, in a small saciuded cottg,at Matida-bili --- one silting room, one beroom, kltchcrnand I rer Rnt 7s. per weok, or £16 per annaum. A"ldres% by Ivtwreanlg to1 2. S.St.Jar4s's-street,?1olcod[ly. jjJ~~IlilED APRTMETS--& drawing libnceoasg,&u*wtit use of sattic, or f Itrquised an extr Iredrsm, InMornington-raat Regent's-park. No childreni or oherlnmte~ CIlidee hisledto. Adidress AL, Y., pro-pats, ITERYC fotable WINTER' APAREMMENTS:- Valargbed rom an& sitting raoom; with or without board, or partal oar. N chldrn. 10 mile, fr-om London, on the Croydon audEsemRailay.Apply to Mrs. Atlee. Carbalton, Surrey, S. ~AR-H USAPARTMENTS..;To be L~ET. arge &WIG-ROIIandTHREE lIED ROoMS, brnished, with attendane Inabatfland healthy part of Kent, For Obe LET FRISHED APARTTM-ENTS, ai-lt-; W.abe for a singl ldorgnean-a large bed roomn, or bed room and stlWu ron ih rWto board. Addyr,e X. Y. Z,, Mrs. 4 r*rac. ig'srad, Ohelsea, S W. j~R1GkTON.- wido ladyWoTuldbe 91lad to kJ' UThe DRA ING OOt! Wit SodRoonri, well lunialsedt. Moa heltfuly itute wih as vew,an fo aPermanency the term vey moerae. iefeence exhangd..Addeass SI. post- ,C3. sent apartmet omoetasee er,adInheae house more APARTET t e LET saxost eomn them to gentlemen seigacmotbehno utbetmmeso ofWNTD sou anprdescription, bya gentea.Temut const ofawl urniished aitting room andlrearte em m medaepssalndesired but not IndisnabeAdrsprtcls to X. Y,hr ihrs stationer, SO oubr,tee,BC r?T1O be LET, Furnished, near tChe JRe-d-hill Station, on A.J the Brighton Railway, APARTMENTS, in a lady's Private resdeLce-two drawing rooms. and two or three bed rooms, with attendance, and oDarh.house end atablulnit reqeired, For particulars apply to J. B.. Holmsodale Lodge, Puilfiel d. Surrey. r l0 be LET, a FURNISHED7STTN(q RO .L and BED ROOK a4joining, on the upiper floor, at 39, Groat 0evran-atreet. Rent IS.per week. Also an excellent Second kbloor, nufurnished, containing th reesooms arid a front attis, at No. 24, wishL coal cellar and other conveniences. Rent £23 per annum. For partlrirlarz apply at 32, Great Cormm-street, two doors from Brunswick-sq. GENTLEMAN, of qiet regulr;Khabitsl, engaed A durnngthe day, ma~otI on moderate termsos in tehueo are lrrnn~h or other inmnates, LocaIit heah,ades fcrr,Wudsi foreign gentleman desiroso mrvn ie tnu; or a child of Indinarnswudbreivdndce~ !*dieated.-T. P., Mr. Thompeois, post-office oneyred -1HAMBEKS.-Palac Newr Club Cabr,2, c "!Wr-treet, corner of St. Jameet's-etreet.-To be LET, i tha deIable ituation, several CHAMBERS, and suites of chambers opposite Arthur'a and Conservtive Club, AU] taxes rates, servants' a,tendance, &c., Included in the rent, 0 2BAKER-STREET, Portman-square.- N CMDRE to be LET, within five minutes' walk of Recent's hour. 0 KERC~~T$7,8 and othemsT 01 ICEStoboLET, at Ri3, ,Lim~e-street; newly pajnt4d &o. Apply to the housekeerupnte prmses. m O TGA EES Builders, and others, having HiOUSTrRGAkT for disporA, may find an Immedliat PURCHEASES.. Inclowe full paaticulars to Z., Money-order-offloe, Keutlehs-town. .qJEDICAL.-WANTED, to PRHS,b rt'u arred surgeon, a COUNTRY PRA.CTIOE, In a, good locality, netar town. A. larg comnmodious house, with good garden and grounds, Indlapensable. Address, with full puariular,t ..,,ps-fie Uprrer Gbocester-place Regent's-park, N.W. toFG.S osofia [OUSE WANTED, continggo dining, drawito ing, and about four bed rooms, wti half ashu' ieo Io yeither of the London-Lridge Raiwy,orI h nihor hiood ot Brixton or Streatlrn'u. Takingpsesonaytm btwn this and Christmas woald do. Addrs ulpriuasti,0,cr of Mr. Armstrong, hosier, 5, Birchin-lane,ct.BC ALIYwishes to PROCURE a ag HUE in Lno,for the six winter months,onmdrttes,i the neA horho of Hyde p ark, She wilM eur Obdros n a guarantee that there bas been no infectious dies ntehue et not inexceed.£1 Ze meneem, and no exr hres drr MM,, Mr. Wade', new eaget, 13, HIgh-etreet,Kesgtn jjAMILY HOU1BE WANTED, to RENT Or PUR12I CHASE, in the environs of london, with some land attached. TheG rooms must be of a good size, with ooash-house and stabling, and convenient for acces to the city. Direct or aPpl to Mlr. P'resser, 79 Old Broad.street, city. X.B. The advertiser wishes for possess io Cbristwas. 1iVURNISHED HOUSE WANTED, fIor ix months, A.' by a family of three, without children, on the Hyde-park e6tate, or its neighbourhood, westward, containing at least two large receplioL rooms and five bed rooms, with servants' accmmodation, Address, by letter, with fril particulars as to rent, 3oa,. to D.A., care of Mr. WiilUarns bookseller. e)ondult-ttseo,Paddlngton. Tj'lO UHOOL.-A lady desires to meet with an, A. oenig fo a ADIS' UO(,L. Rent of house to boelow' Vicniy o Lndo, rihton, orbythe sea-rde preferred, Addrecs, withevey prticlaranddescriDtlon of house, rout. rates, taxes, &o. and pemirrin no vew to X. ., Aliss Watts', fancy sUtaIoner, II: Flcsuce-ous, Ne-crss-rad,Depteord, KCent, 5,0O. HOUSE WANTED, unfurnished. for a first-clabs family, atthe wees end, forl15moutbs, or more, containing at laeten bed rooms and four sitting rooms. No party nieed apply who will not pay the agent's commission of 5 per cent, ona first year's rental. A liberal renit will be paid. Send full particulwar to Sir, J. Bradley, city estate offices, 4, Dowgate*hbJl Cannon-street, F.C. Hours le till 4 only. A Detwhed COTTAGE, WAN~TED, in a high and L3 cheeerfnl sitoation, within a mile of a station on the SouthWestern Rsilway, end 15 from Waterloo. A well stocked kitchen and flowrer garden), with small yard. desirable. The principal room, must be of good sire not lower than 9 feet. Some furniture might be taken If ecushble. Partiegs aswering this may meet with a careful tenant either at Christmas or Lad1y-day. Rent mnust be moderate. Address with faul particulars, to F. R. EL, 166, Waterloo-brIdge-road, Lambeth. EAY6WATER&-IlVr. COLES respectfnuly informs R'the nobility, gentry and other, that ha has to LET several furnished ac,dunfurnished WOUSES. whimn five mninutes' walk of Kenslngton-gardena-which lor a healthy situation cannot be surpassd. Letters, &c., will, opomptl attended to. Several houses furnished or unfurnished. with fur.lture for Inveetmemt.-Royal.hill agency office. Queou!&-soad, Bajaswater. 1 '10be LET, handsomely Furnished, or the Fumture Libe Fold, a 12-roomed TOXTSE. near Rnesell-squsre. Address 7- Mr Phillips, stationer, 32, Storo-street. Bedford-square beyonar LET ntley blalnks on theGraWeen ily.C- AHOUSE, fitted with every convenience, in toog ear ti formlsfrom London, and bas coseraoy ihmugre elorigt the river. Rtout only£5peanu.OnbesWhi teemints walk and two minute't h taba pier, Apply at 8, Hammecsmlth-terrace Hammerelh ro be LET in Love-lane, Easitcheap, a spuIio T. WAREHOUAIE with firet-rate cuntng-house, fitted up with mahogany desks and Are-proof safe also sleeping room adjointing. and every convenience; goadcellarage. Aso Two Houses,withi Shops. sfituate Noes. 21 and 22 Lova-lane ; good cellars-s to both-just put In thorough repsair. A;P-ly to Mr. ills 40, Dotolplc-lane, city. TO MILLINERS and DRESSIMAKERS.-To be T.DISPOSED OF, an old-established BABY LINEN Juvenie, and Ladfies' OUTFITTIXNG BUSINESS, In the principal street In BristoL Immediate possesion can beb given Address B. a., ito. 18, post-offlco, Bristol. '1OCHEESEMONGERS, Ponltereras, Porkbutohers, T oand others.-To be DISPOSED OF, the LEAB of a handsomely fitted-up SHOP andi eight-roomed HOUSE5 situate In a Icaditir thoroughfare, in ab highly respectable ntighbourhood, Rent £12 Leaise (12 years unexpiredi fixtureos and goodwill 4100. AddresA A, B., Bmrs Breeze 's, 56, Portngai-street, L-Inoolo'e-inn-fields. TO JWELERS nd ILVRSMITHS.-To be and HYMSTS.-To be DIS,agood OYMISTsARTAIL with miareon's establised racise nd ppontmet, n anealy ftted shop, witht plate. glas ron, c. Ina er poulusneihburood, X. W. ot London. T FURNISHING IRONMONGER?S and TBRAZIERS.-A first-rate old-established B3USINESS, at the westendof he own tobe ISPSEDOF.having an excellent family conexin. nddoig alare trae. t I awell-known genuine con- Tepl ad .er'ld, 0,Prncs-tret C bed Sh.sq inuar3. O DISILLERS and RtEOTFIR.-To be SL,icne WTer,an Wind COR wiLL, In h mmediate oesln,teighourhood of Londn, rivng 1 pIr o stne, an fdong gotrdenc,withbwater carragefromtheThems cose o temil. Couse,Fgrden, uand ad dockadjinig. Aplyto essr 0.andB. Viay oliIos 5, Z Tenei'- rii DITILLERSand REthFers.-To be IS A. LE on LASE ith Imediae ps moazkon, I the'mpee ,n wel-rrngd IBI]LEY REIES i Adesgteetee,Lo don, withtheentireplant an utensils good failyrsdne iig TO DRA-PERS and othems-To be LIET, anm old- T.establIshed BUSINES, in the above line, about 12 mIles from LO"onc, In thecoounts of Kent, on the high roAd,in the cetral part of a new and increasing town, Double-fronted shop, withi eight rooms, and larg garden, Rent £3 a year, let on lease, The stock to be taken a-, a fair Valuation, Premium Wil be reqUired. Apply by letter. to A, B., cae of Mr. Davles, 17, Liverpool-street, city. TrO BARERS ana GROCERS.-Firstir.t BUSI.i A. NESS to be DIS3POSED ON, at Aldershott, close to the Mllltari: CampDandBarracks. The baking amountato betweengo and 80sacks Cr wek. Tiereis a cood family trade attachedto the grocery, aod 0 uie fera a capital opportunity to a person of moderate capital to realms a handsome return. Renat and cominr in moderate, Apply to Mr. W. Rudas, auctioneer. Parnharo, Surrey. TO CORN and COAL MZROE[ANTS.-To be D1ST.POSED OF, an excellenit 3BUSINESS In the above line, within six miles east of London, The premises are mnost eligibl situate, being oppsit a irs-clss ailaystation, andwitha gcodccnnexion of 12 year stadin. Anualreturns un 0.l of7 000. Pent £00 per annu. Laae yarsunepird, he ous &an extensive p,remises are n eery espct aaptdfo euines,and In fret-sate repair. soc FP~O HOTELKEEPERS and others.-Tko be SOLD, A. nthreiremnto th pr ritor thbthiningzBUawNM and beneicil LESE fapevat H(?BIefonestabllsh6d in the fashon'. abl aighouhod f Hdepak-suae,andner keGreatWestern; !T0 be DISPOSED OF, on tfl5 terms, a BOARD-' T1.ING ard DAY WCHOOL NA=Iaetown in a midland county, togeher iththe easeof he Pemiss,an which a large sum. has beenexpnde by he resnt ocuper,whoIs retirig, avig realised a moerat copetesy.The ixtues ust o tknent Aa valuation The hol ofthe urntur andchol sockmay brealso takeunla thqe nnO ENrEEERS-To b DISPOM OF,a comjL VwtENGINER'a ETABLIHIMT, t thewest end of. wood. and stotne sawing machinrisy, and for general work The pro- -Mists cosaprise a Iwick-built factory of two nloors ouh 30 feet by 45. leet, xbeO, four-stal stable and loft, large yard wlih gateway entrance,. maamsge' or,foreman's dweluig, and tbrese-Somed oDttage, used as an adios, Rent _£tO0 per annum. The maochinery and tools include' -tw uifctig-cre'.usin lahe. eiracnglathe, three lide-lath 10 BUIDERS,Contradors1 and others requiring extco.e premsw.To e Lf. t.a low rentaLl. the whole or profextensive PgRNUMSE9 with eIgt-roorned house, withain ab qurtrof a LIe of the city. Apply 22, Duke-stret, Stamaford-street. FPO0 be SQLiD, GROU2ND RENTS, producin stE .1L per cent. Terms 6:,yearn, well securedl Alto tro. good hops In the Miog's roAa, ou Xvanrageolces te rms, Addrsu Alma,k care of M'. Maemirhae ,library. King's-road Chela - Ito GROUEkt$, &-c.-A famous corner B3ffO? and 3. BUSdNZSS,-jn ore of rbe best pact of London for driving a large reey-oney trade, to be LET. . Thei -in-coming Is low, Toe premisea oom',, se mOeltlrn exoelent-51r. Bath. 4, Walbrok 2.231.) TF[1O be SOLD, furnished or not, MADEIRA COUT. ITAtal, -Nitanl, bile of- Wight, detached, and. containing thsee gltting roorns and tive bed room, large gardlen. utable, aud carobhouse. Apply to X. Y., care of Rev . J. Green, Niton. Ff10 JIUTeIHEILS. ---To be SOLD or LET, in Cliel. .3. tenbam, au old-e3tabliehed BUSINEWIfiin the aboTe line; It bas been carried on uocesefully for the esAt 25 sours by the preent pro. prietor, 'aboaindeclining business. Apply Ada.poet-offle. mpo WATCHit4lAKEitS and JEWELLERS. -A J3 - Tery old-ehtablishe-d isUisIN ESS, 40 miles from London, is to he DISPOSED OFt, In consequence of the bad health of the present porprietor. The BtoGk Iss,eau,aend an be taken at evaluatIon. No good. will required. Apply to Messr. Payne and Co., 163, New Bond-street. mu DR PERSand oters.-First-clsasi;PREMIS , FIb GOOER-A famous BUSNS,ith 3. Hgn-lre-t f acoutrytown of 45,000 inhbian.Thretlw mo HElIbEIVONGERS and POULTERERS.- T3.Nearly £3,000 per rear-la returned by this firt-rate BUSINESS. Tho Rhop, and premises, lixtures and fittinge, and utensil are almost ai excellent aa cau be Imegint d, and the trade cannot bnt increase. About four miles west froma the Bank.-Mr. Bath, 4, Walbrook. hou besofaore, S wOED as, theeecino dwelins eithiand1 atodDiio a HOUSE and SIlO,cPItlystut nn ot the pdrinipal thoroughfAres. Handsomely fitdupwhpae-ls front, and at present doing a goad trade in thest,red-aeln, and ,-no business Satisfacto)ry reasons forayn.Apybloer to 'A. Z.. 16, Howland-ktreek. Fltzroy-qae,W Fft0 -SUR~GEONS and OHY M-IST&.-To be P18JLPOSED OF, In consequence of the proprietor going into aniother line of business, in one of the beet thoroaghfart to London, a BUSI. NESS in the above line, for £100D. Any person meaning business can he behind the counter and se the trade done. ADPlyby loiter to Weters. Beer and liolton. 101, Park-street, Camnden-towII. ESR. fITH and ~TAY_LOR, auotioneers, land andestte gens,solicit the aLttention of parties In search of rs'arneefecth witersesontotheir newly-arranged and extensive REGITRY Trutee. soiciors,andothmr interested in the disposal of siauc hose, &.,may derive unusual advantages from the conneaon nd ental osiionof their offoice, by registering ful particu1 ea o popetis feeof anyv expense, at the auctlon and estate offloes, Sf8 Reentsteet clseto tie Qxlord-steaeet-crcus ('1 OSVNORand BELGRAVIA DISTRICTS.-_ to u. mthad Taylor have been honoured with Instructions BU NIA.- Mes.S ihan Taoraebe. situatoesralepatsofth etae,eplyatoh estate oflilc, 288, Regent-sre,W CIAYENDSH-SQUAE D1STICT.- , DARK-LANE.- eesrs. Smith and Taylor have L been honoured with Inistructions to LIlT Furisled, for the winter months, or brib,,e rear, a first-class hiASSI0N, in this muot-- adminred eituaston.-8 Regent-street, W. TV ias t LT, dsiabeFAhULY RESIEC,bth earoforshrtr trm.The house has been newly eoae n wellPrnlsed, pplyat the estate offices, 288.Iega-tes TTPPER WMPOLFE STREIiT.-Messrs. Smith and 53 Tyo ave rocelved Instructions to LET or DISPOS4E OF toe LA ,atalow ground rent, of one of the beet RE-9IDENCES In teaoeltation.-Auctlon ofiees, 218 Regent-street. ID h,near Canxterbury.-Messma Smith and B Taylor are inetructed to LEfT, Furnished, for one year or loniger, a gentietnanly RESIDENCE bituate on an eminence, oomnstndlng superb Tiews, and within five mipiutes' walk of the village wh ere every requisite can he obt-uelud ana exoelitnt medical advice. It contains nine bed rooms and three reception rooms, and all neopswry domestic olice,, atabting for-three hore,,goodgardens,and paddock. Applyst the estate offices, 288, Regebtitstreet, W.v- t O NIS -Messra mt and Tayln)rhaet withn hlf-amil ofthe ehurob and station, a E, ontanin eurane~bll,four well-propor. t;one recetion ooms,eightbed roms, nd god domsticoffices, sta-ho, sallcotage tatefllyarrnge plasue gouns,kitchen UOIdTH.AMP.TO2*dUHRE. -Hutnting Box.- blownesa. Smintii and Ta3lor have been instrurted to LET, Fin-~ uleed, or SELL tbe FREEHOLD of a stone-bout RESIDENCE. situate in the centre of the Pytehiey Hunt, and near al Lrd South. amipton's best meets, and within thrme miles of a station. It consprlses six best bed scores, four reception rooms, ample domestic offices, six-stall stoble, walled kitchen gardes, pleasure grounds, and a few acres of grass land. Apply at the auction and land offices, 888, Recent-street, W. R. YKDERIK A.MULLTTEtstAgn land Auctoee,theGrne of Albn-ac,Hd-arsqr. invites the attentiono h oiiyadgnr h otmlt LETTING theirRSIECSfothsesnootewe,ite prominent positio ofhsofcswhc,cmiewthisln pratica experiencan etesvconrn,ealshmocry out their viewa with promptnesc. ~USSEX-GARDENS, Hyde-par, with the southern [sC apt-Mr. Frederick A. Mullett is intuct-ed to LET a gentleman'sRVESIENGE, in thin cheerful position, well Farnished coctainIng eight bed. dressing, the usual reception rooms, end offices. Terms moderate, for a few mnonths or a year, Apply at bis ofiRces the coDrner of Albion-olace, Hi,de-p&rx-,.enure, W. dILOOifiSTER2-PLACE, Hyde-pairk-adn ob '%XLET, turniahed or unufurainhed, one of thebetO ESoth wes*t ride; with portico entrance and three floorofbdomsTh fitted Furniture may be h.Ad or not, Apply to Mr. rdicA.nlt, estate agent, the carner of Alblon-plac, Hyde-par-qae 1AMBIUDLES'~U Hye-psrk.--Mr. Frteerie itfllei i estholre toLETor SELL one of these desiableRESDENCS, nw uderginga thorough redeoomatlen. Thehons cntans igh bd, recing th usalreception rooms, and efiee,Sca-le ifdesred Aply t hs Ofics,the corner of Alihmn. fYD)E-.PAIdK IiSTAT9.-Furnished Residences for the nuiarn and Winter hlontba.-Mr. Frederick A. Mulish respectfully announces that he has come aunusually desirable RESt1D IfNCE i. never before 'et, which he can offer, for a few months or by the year. at reuts from 8 to 10 guineas per week.-Hyde-park and Postman estate assure offices, the corner of Albion-place, Hyde-park-;q. PACINGHYDE-PARK,---Mr. Frederick- A. FAIulleitis anthorized to LET, a medluns-ained RESIDENCE, Furnishe,l. The hoons will be re-decorated, and reaY for oocupstito In a few weeks. Stabling in the rear. Apply at his offices, the coniner of Alt-ion-plwac. Hyde,-park-iquare, CAMBILW'G4E.STREET, Hyde-pavk-.-A small but U.jparticularly des-irable HOUSE to Wt LET, unfuriahed, at the lo'ent of e0 guineas rer annum, The house is aep'gntly decorated, and contains nine room, Apply to Mr. Frederick A. Mullett.,aeisa tioncer, the corner of Alt-ton-place, Hyde-Peak-eqasare, DI)ADIXOR-PLAOE, Hyde-park.- The deslrable JLURESII)Et P. dlstlv-guisbed as No. 13, to be LET, unturaished, ata moderate rent, containing six boe, the usual reception roomrs, large dining ditto in the rear, now being thoroughiy decorated, And late-glass Windows put in.-Mlr. Frederick A. Mulleit Albion-place, Hy6e-ca.k-Pquare. SOUTH WICiE -STREET, close to Hyde-park-square, ~.-A gentlemnan's RBSIDENCE to bs LET, handsomely Furnished ; containing the extra story of bed roomns A carefu tenant Will be accepted upennea-y terms til lot of May. Apply to Mr. Frederick A. Mulleit, a uctioneer. Alson-place, l yde-park-square p0ORCUEbThR-TERRAOE.-The LEARE iand LelegautFURhITUTltoa spemi-detachea VILL&tobeSOLD; held at a rental much below the value; oontaining three spiacIous re ception rooms onthe ground floor. eight bed rooms-, capital offices printy garden,&as. iNewly decorated.-Mr. -Frederick A. Mullett, 04-ate agent, the corner of AIlboc-place. hyde-perk-square. FrI-tHLoMaAS ,OX's LISTS of fuirnished and unAxtr- .Lnist-ed RESIDENCES coDmprise properties on the Hyde-park, Regent's-park, Belgmrae, end Camden estates, also at Croydon, Sutton. Holloway. Hastings, Relgate, Addlantone, Horsham, Brighton, Fast,k boune.s Tort-ay, Bonchurch-, Isle of Wight, Shmnklin, RoehervllAe, Blaokheath, Greenwich, Duilwlrb, Denmark-hill,Tome-hill, Camberwell, Clapton, Norwood, Mitcham-common, Walton-on-Thames, Arns,Hamto, ExAD, Hiremyhl, T2r0bmil g roen Lecnhan Bromton,Chesea,kniny, toelamptn, dicmnd, foammtry.and th Horuer tnle-rod,Gren-lnes CadenrodrVelas. Leyoor, Totlenba Enfeld,Pinnr, ntingord &Ware Exdellen, atharou Abby,~tfod, hiwel,Walhaetw,WentedmHonths t Foest,T douer nd ous agnt,93 Sihoogat-steetwihin. a t,93 gOunds, omNdigf viewTomsoFoth sutondn couTe, andeconTaiinUtreIeDreeHtOn S roomt, fiv gtbedroams,rnn room, and fu fising rooms, ktbenshardefrni, nne or stwelne mabonths Ren requryd moderate.Apl toma Fhomasuo,autioneer and houatrr,ABseopagtent-3 Bichoegte-itrhin itin f IGAT A Surrey.-Thoma o hbe t ET le neatlyr own eauifullyH HadOUSE rountsainin thrck stingrosadfu onadegtbed rooms, ichn,gad wi&, tahu a bx e hdi eurd Apply to sthoasbFo, ausloee P and upholastee,9,B oeae hoz 2u.V.Baooaestreet within. LAEKHATE Sae.--To be LET, Funsed,taFprett BOwnbaTifllAidcu grouDNdsan paddock,l intalleigh acre wotithn twsplnidtviewg fthe surrou&ndinrggacunry;contaiening athree eent cey od-hue,rsat-eg. Apply to ThomsA,as Fioue, andhoistro agnd, 93, Bishopsgate-4treet wthin, UNREA-ROAD, Peck%im-rYe-:To -be LE-T offlces, and garden. Rent moderate, Apply to Thomas Fox, suetloneer end house agent, 93, Blshopegate-street writhin. BEEOH.EHILL-PARIK Waltham Abbey.-ThonMa FoxslntrutedoL a noblePFMM MANSION, Btadin inr- agnrx~nt arkof 74 acres, with pleasuregrounds, houe, udonsrvaores,beutiull stuae,thre mi3le foh the, ofics, arangedwiththe gretest conveience; cach-hdouse anybdoban edaof Tzomas F93 Botxierad os aet , Bism.hopsegat AmmPORTNT GROUNDe FLOOR OmFFrICExh 3. Za ertg = themCity,five minute fromte RoylNchage -ThmasF~y ~Istactd ktohe Lrea, wIth pomonat Mchema, fnroos ie fee,ad additional floeorsomay oehad i Requrdnt py AplyoatFor,e aucioeer and htausef agent, 2, Oldhpgt-tre ihn 1rASTNGFACToRN be REMD iShiESnd to e LoeT,1 -LS.L situaeon the hreart of the city,ee *mlrabou adapted fbanker bSi' uoneaswhe rotam s equired, Applyn ton ThUMa Tor, ranldoaer, wocst antd esatfew yaren,s3 IshopsbyaMr. trancl Withinrbaono.as IsL3 vMeryd prom'etty t Winde anhd VIsLAto RESI dDNE, ltuio of epec itbloer fankicegad, It contaitnmnbdros, the seceths Apply t4tMiesr, Greul-en andtnab' zoffce,28,OdBodseetA.c-, bankupt,a cpita FAMLY ANSIN, andaleusoml itrdomi known ontaps-hous, Wellngton-quare thkisg rthieno was Iashltre fo te as wnd,an I ft ortesu Iamedla XaeoDto of repetabe amiy. t ooti nie bd oom,cining Aroli: and AMIENB HOTEL, idtuate On the Post, dCing the land,rnt . rieMost modern. style, and bas a good eonteidxon. 131LIC.-T beLET ra HOUSE -and S~Hop, taken aud furniture if required. ]For Particulars apply by lettW to IL F. Harrison 5, Araballa-row, Fimlico. ILBUN.-9 GreiIlepI~F.-Tobe -LET, 3~mupeIor smi-deachedFAMIL HOUO Stabe anddouxble wa sbeod, earHUE Iinrn-ierpke baited frTaOe.iW Ton Dahi r aE,~rtesao,anw antlyoMr S G TUElofIsuotto lae EIEYE ea h OHER-STDREETo beccadLU.-o bte:LET,R0 tn1rvnish extenb SR,ndceligileer IDS2E PEntonl70, ae tilde, well adapted for a warehouse, shop, or offioes. APPly on the irises; or of the Secetary, Victoria and Legal and CommeriiM ofibce, Is, King William-street city. GItSVENOR-STREET, Grosvenor-isquare,..To be0 rtyle, nine rooms above, kitchen,, ho. Apply to Mr. S.0G. Taylor, auctioneer he, 3. Grosvenoretreet, Eoand-street. (1LOCESTER-T1fRRACE, Hyde Park-gardexis.- GUTO be LET. Purniobodl, fo,r six or srven months, oNE of the smaller HOUcES. Three slttn six bed room. Terms moderte, Address or for cad tvIew 'El., Williams' library, 19, ConduWt s'treet, Westbourne-terrace. TEWISHAIiL-To be LETseevers pnteel HOUSES Lsituate at Ruibsy-Areen, Lewioham, coutajltng siX roomsj, ocaivoblent out.- ollies sad garctn, well drained, and supplied with spring water. Rent AN per annum. Apply to Mrr. Atkins, auctloneei, itusbeyl-geen, Lewliham. TANGLEY Buckat, within ha s--mile of theLan u Li tation, ontb6sGreat Western BaI1wAy.-To b LET, from.Ld day aext, LOV.SIiLL'HOUSE and PASLK, thtblnInsgi hornes. For cartloulars and to view apply tothowe,Mldteslp W1nkligh, Devon. Bent £20per annlum. jEWISEHAM-ROAD.-To be LET, with im,neinito Lipowseseon, TWO handsome semi-detached IC-roomed HOUSMS,S With large gardona.181tuate opposite St. Sohm's New Church. Nor further partIeulars apply to Mr. A. Holton, Bombay place, Amuershmpark, Newcross BLACKHEATH.-A good FAMILY HOUSE to hbe LE7T, containing dining room, drawin g rooms, library, mix or seven bed, rooms; gas lad on. Rent M70; fixtures £10. Address Alpha, Mr. Flounoce's, news agent and siationer, Montitelier-Tale, Blackbeath Vfilae. Kent, 81, TjOLLOWAY.-Messr. King and Wehar inLA structed to LET in the best part of the Seven Sisters-road,a most desirable well-bilt VILLA, containing dinh,n., drawing, and breakcfat oooms. small library and aix bed and dressing room;, with large garden, House drs7 ana wseli drained, Rent £ .-North LDu. don Agency-office, opposite Oamdeot-opA, Holloway-rotad N. TOVER.--CLARENUE-HOUSE to be LET, Far. D.7nlhed. with double coach-house, and stabling for sixthorses. The house stands detasched, in lare gardens, near the see., and oommanda a fine view of Doverbay sad tho Channel. It has beem reoently unihdcotains extensive offlces, andis adapted for the accosnmods-. tlInof olarg~e etabllshment. xo mhrPriua n owst r Om, s bed rooms,~ wilho labe Lnd Siwlblth waerndgof ay, 1853 FoR-a mereTURifE to an reopectablE daIrely withoutchiden sa,sud cu tabreo obigether for aeretl eturn's rengland;orfo situteinog to theCatsolin Church. ladderes baiygD letervpid, mgto und Pe,5,ru mdstementbae Bonlogne-snr-Mer,Er Francer.6,Morlng obtained. Rent moderate. Apply to hr. Berrell soiio,6,MrIg ton-roeed. Londoa, N.W. ; or to Mr. Carey, house agent, St. Leonard's AI)EIA.-.T be ET, wth i Cedibe LosEs. suited pe alrgwekfail oraborighueIts near theton ande furthe partiulr dmapply ooWlamf Mra, pe Eati Rsmicthbleld Lotrndons orir.von meyne,Mr.deirD. I1 AGHTG ,FotrotheWintr SeTo b-o beL ET,, sea,conainng palous ad fve ed oom. Trm,incuding at.m ten ane, Ot,perwee, o th laywldbe hpp Sotoheeiea& e boardersa Eaoet omvestienomot mny beweliedll FAMI. ResDectabl ro==encsgioeoad riequ,ired. dr cot ,nn nol, ae oftMr. ha, wit soe tre12 mponth,a ad eleatred to CO' ErEoSI odEoCE, foredengoombstrom.aing u batreoedo,twittinup aroomstoreroomdae, kitchen,ao Fort tiets prtouviewapply to Mesrs. Prickett none,i tags,eChancey-ane. abro, ly 1~j IGHBURY.-o be SOLD orLET, In the het N REma IDcg oodviw, anmide ce, ob L'ontaining nobeenrneal with% Aston sticase athree2 pacious and eean salreceti;,on rooms, loudir, helen Grood baeros, Gandba-elthroom,ttbedutifor hot salubroosdswoter near Lontdometic he omices,f cptalwe Toh-douew and forlng putcuman' roomy atiof over. Haror0 Ompartiulasaply troyeh?, Murrel atloXiRo. amnd estat agen, 1, Wlorooe, ciutywr. KE S G O .-To be LET, Fugente aished, aia o noin onfteuronibd HlOorEahDndisome ngtfvranice-a, drawing room. ~gooddia brookfst, ibary,oandtbilliard room, s, e romnveabove,gooden doesi backs tablng frort thrdeea hoses,tdoubleand sitingl cach-w htuouses.aForocatds xatindTermsaply to antid armLndSons 2n, St.ta Falso onerat£1 halfhor.Thefrandatmaller aty £2, thron,Champion hill, Grovea lane,Cabwll,athemetoeatiu and imesopsesinralubriu spot Applyet M¶s HarrpoIs e,10. rhampIon-Uplace Groe-lne; rLt r I U Lcee Ter. 1 no4tsER , ACnt, Rarntk. ~ 7. L T F t orunfernohf HOUkSqre,coammisting o vry ie drawi udngxroom sttinguaneidtbreakestplours, threRe bdrosovnent Wk hbtitchn, caithosmall hacvind beost gardens, plegantly situoatednwithi adsfew minutes'malk fofthslayon Tra]eIns tor avndfo yeondo aetndcrtl= Pablaes,every Thalnouw.thenfunt iture or ayprhro,myb LucAsedAt ai vlanitso,adimdaepsoeo may b .-Ari -edhad, GIReRgent'E8 frns-edanpnark.ab-,to be LET,o caItal irer havlingi beenltely elegantl rodcor aTV Nd i andcanted fo ml amilyn Th bolleaseeIs forsen wyears. Rent, and'lforms sables,o£15, moium newrteassitwiI bthequispdopa y for the pr ixeturIts, Foeprticuhelarstan card to view apnwred.ply to Mesriroser5, Jallmesl LAPHAM anCitMMVOIN-ToI_eS.-TfprintdE-h GISTr onfu OUSES, furnisehedt and onafesenls~to be LT orw hanl dtugatis)on appie tomn If b postenclose stamp).g drlwmlistcrulrakatstlargeyomong Lmbend f roseekers fr reidcaers, oo., and forms vertises wther-losetfo ober wit gdnowt beady Apply to Mr. James Stevens, auctioneer, uvyr and e stateaagent Cllphm hssmn.cmun S. F .16 CLAPHMCMO2T be LET, furnisheod satl situate on. the ommoT, adolntann dining,t drawingroand cellars,Fwater-closet.,ppey withrgardeneatSback.sApply reyMr.oJame Sntevn,acine n estate agnt,Claham-comamon, S,(T.16. det'bed FAMILY RESIDENCE, Dlemantljy situate onx the com Mon,- containing spacious entrance-hall, diving and draLwing rooms, and tbtlrdsitting room, back hall leadingf to garden, seven bed roos three wrater-Closets, capital kitchen, scnulery, butler's pantry, larer wine, beer, and coal cellars; gas lad on to ball and staircase; twostall stable, large coach-house, loose box, yard and appurtenances two rooms andlofttover stable, and garden, On lease for 21years,determinable at the end of?7 or 14 years,orthe Leanefor 39 yeas tobe Sold. Annie to Mr. James Stevens. Claphamo-common, S. (Po. 13&l.. CLAPHAM-COMMON.-A superior modern-built FAMILY RESIDENC3% within two minutes' walk of the common, oontalning bandroms portico entrance, spacqiousholl drawing, dinig, nd eakastrooms,see bedms room and dremssin wtr-oom, threewate-cloets,bathroom aithon,sUpl inoomtand cod Oatr lease. Cach-hous and stble if rquired.Appl to M. James VJA LAPHA M-CPAMMONTo be LET, con-D asue venen andr subHODetachedl-bil FAMILY HMENIDYCTS eacthi pontainin dinimng pandoua drwing rooms, daixbd grooms,owaer-cl os, kilohe, eculery grden, ater lidron, alli tcmleotherear neo areoten or eas, Reta £3 pr anum. ppl etoeMr. carages Stevns, ous andestae aent,Clapam-om eo,ta.teo 134.)eno UILAHAM.ATo-T be LET, ormiSOLD, a MASuOe, Dotoomenradn everyponve al,dnience rom rwitabn giroodoeningmu tlo veradah nd seps o lan an plesuregardn tbeafs room, Weightd od oom, to dessng oom, bth oomwm t~hehotasnd codewaner suppy, itchn, ouskeepr'sroom bulershpantry,and fothern , s- and ard toviewappy t Mr.Steens aution,roeste, aonderagency Offices. Clapham.oobamonroSm, Tomm142.u flURHAM.-To e LET, Furnshe,abUAng ie sIOd NJ ompisig eeryconenenc, wth tabing, grdns, and pzalela-d suregonds piturequey stuae onthebans o thee raivterdWear, si mils fomthecit o Duham ad oe mlefrom R theAZLDM nse unc- YTANSDOWNqE-VILLAS Belmont,~ Lee, neair Ji Blallcheatb, Kent, seven minutes from Station, and three~ WtnteLfOmRTHe .rh-To be LETorSOD a wl-ul detahed tLA R2ES, IthEppOach w Itoug gaden, sevn goti bedhrooms wealttwto wa osets, and deemdraing room, ihgo ice,seol, andmr ORQUTA Y, DRHo.-To be L--adeahd IL RifS, it lage arEn,insh highiroadladn tor excellentedomesticarngement. ent 6oerf tanncum forbaterm4ed, thrleae yerars. hepoprtytme has dbeenIIuIh A ovEdDwthnM sLew yet -ILAPXSXZNC In ood onCm. wtaEl a)nC sitan Mjthge seawand surandin hills,A andx withn ted iue'wakoh to-4wn.eIt omprses eigtcbed aner,d fty drssngtrooms thenrcpto house twome-sTall tagble. n lawn. A 5evin nwol hew D~ftII peSl Tueqems ce three months,f guies week;ieor. h six moahs Sigje CE epet Int good conditieon,vz cronainn ane etacemal ining drawing,aor and brakfs roDotms,c sevn bd oo,~ stre m lastodr and b ewue;very excellent atabling so cwlaehos orchrd.A cmplteyarmyaro od with every reuste bulig hs encosre ofvey oo medo lnd,cotanig. a-boua~t 1 oes, andparicuarsobaind o Mr * obld. CITY.ROUSEto be LET, on Leame-just re-, j Phiroanddoorated,ortoab l4 Offoes; Groundfloor, a tbse roms,fin Dor, MA eood Ioortogether or aearte Apply on thep,smises IS, Brevd.utreet-ba,ildlng,. A LMSOUSE to e LETorSLD. p~ply to Palmr ad C. 1 Grehamstiet,Gouidhall. ALire Cotitae IE near le-tet nfascohrie pItoMr..hMs V.Lean, 78, Flset-stret INCOME o £01 100 - YEAR to be purchased A for J . roe Ptigtle'us InQuire at Goodwilnbdo4l pilse. 9. Xxmouth-street, Okerkenwexl. P41 A Shtrome H~OUSE to -be LET, Farnishod HOP AREHOUSES~.ZTobLET,Ioeey L¶EHOLD for SL- ml oss cuyn a frontage of 140 fee Hntehb etSoeIeingn.tw ilsfrom ShoreduthChrh,al el e, aran Ap lt. Mr., 1,3. Hfemmi gford -teraees,ligo. REEHOLD, M.ile-end-road, to be SOLD, toay 6R F mcent., let on lease for It eams to a respouie tenant. after baonger, White Horss-lane.Mlleend-road._ Wn .3rw,ac anduujofloe, tbeLE, frl,6 or I2 months. Good garden..Ap. plyto a, e, ultin autltss', b, Royal Exchange. DETAL BOT and SHLOE 6HOP.-The LEASE9 .1,1 and000 WILLof a8SHOP in the neighbourhood of Drury. lao,~lina bsie,,ot between LAO and £10 a wek, to be SOLD. llrris, 3, Oopall.cbambers TkmrogitOn-ateeL (IOTTA E ORN E, 10milesfromi rLondon.-The cjkE oDt eSL.I stands enolosed In Its own grounds PURNISHED COUNTRY COTTAGE tobeLET, jbHXISED.-To be L-ET, ~theWH`OLE or PA~RT F'of'lsN0-rooreed HOUSE, being 22, Eortland-tsre, lIeZeut's k commandio& an uninterrupted vlew of the park, and within VW.' mnuts' s,of ani entrance to the same, and alsoof tht,om. zibus route to all pars of London. F'OPAYN NEARLY TEN ter CENT.~-For ~SALE. rL SX newly-built LEASEHOLD HOUt,ESheld for 94* yea,, an let to annual tenante, rrodnclng a net rental of £117 per annum, or wiUlbesoldinpaims PrdoeX40CIthepair. ApplytoNesar,.ohd4nd Son molioltoms 62. Cannon-street, city, RO . EtDICAL PRACTICE forSA ,atte at end ,LY of London; averageInoe£,0pr n producing430oe;no ret,.ii promat proprietLr isAply b leter otirin. 40, Princes-street, Stenney, . 1iEDICAL.- An unopposed COUNWTRY P~RAC- TIOE, in a pleasant vilage, 45 miles from London br rail, is for DITS1POS3AM, It affords an introduction to good society. The retumns axcee-d £30 'pe annum (part from appointwment, easily worked) and £20 additicual has beon derived from resident Invalids. Comning-in £300. A.dress Medious, Mr. Stanley. 29, Euston-aquair,, N.W. '~JHA F andBRIC YARD to be LET, situate at VWlttsenhsm tnd, Rolvonden, In the cont DC et on the riTer Btothaer, with a grood trade aLttached;, also a coravonlent residence, stable, garden, an about 6i acres of meadowr sandadjolnitng. For par. tioularsapply to r. Beck,on theDpremits. a,t Potmian's eatb,Wlter ahLmortostr.A.S.beppard,LI, Linroln's,tnn-fieldls. URbI INCOO E rmW el Rents in the Ct. An ESTATEtobSOD r£0, whihwil pay a, verlag retumn for the money ogIaeadwl dra,ined. Abargan owin Io the weLnt Of moe.£0onyed be paid down. Caoe Peen and treated for on W neayol,bycligat Sirs Lloyd's, 20,Well. (IIGR an TOIACCOIS~j5 BSINESS ~tobe ~i DSPOED 1? I a ensly ppultednelghosboo hand- A ASHIELDESAT of 34 HOUSEi, All of % a-year. Fr let weekty, and part quarterI7. An ar.- r=gment may be made foir a good portion of the purchase money tosadoer. Fwrther particulars by applying on Thuraday and Fri. day- only at 5, Rlebhmond-ter-moc, London-road Southwark. 'FANCY BAZAAR to be DISPSDO,i one of the moat fiashionable and rising werupaesithnort o Engla.nd. Has been ectabliahed 25yer,adiginupn conseraneDCe of the present proprietor aigohrblnstoted to. Apply by letter to J7. B.. care of Sr wle 0 oc-tet ovr hampton. Immediate poseuaon may be hd UN ISHED REIDENCE,-SxamuelBAj1brk h&s F toLET3K ilso the Great Northern line. In a gcod hunting aitit & cap ttal URIHED RESIDENCE standing in its own grond of 15 acre,, and having every acowmmodatIon for a geatlemian's establishment. Full particular of Samuel B, Clark, estate agent, 4, New Oaivendlsh-atrett. Portland-place. TJHEE HUNDRED POUNDS per ANNUM.- A An INCOME of ENO per annum for DISPOSAL,waisingfrom a light genteel business,whIchlIssteadily Increasing is,receipts, situte in the finst stroet of one of our moot flourishing muanufacturring towns. The shop Is fi'tted up In a untnou and handsome style, and to partiles of modeamte captl and ailtWy this offerIs seldom surpassd. Addreassto 10 Box, post,-olces. HudderaSeld, FREEHOLD ESTATE, with Hr,nae tobeSLD, F near 3arobham and Alderebott. I0 ce ihnarn fence, with tenteel cotlage residence, or maybe diie;68arswihhue and 32 ascres, with labourer's cottage. The prpetyabuns 1it0g.e and Is pleaswantly situate on a dry soilwt odwtr bu 'nie from the railway stationL ard town of oahm ileuecpinable, and immzedliate possesion may beha.Pie800gnas Apply to0 Mr. Budg, auictioneer and ettatoaent arhm Large STATEfor SALE, Uin thie ~Highlinds, and A in te mist ofsomeof the roost pictureeque scenery in Sootland, reahin don t th se onthenorh est oaut: containing every requsit fa allkins o sprtin an agicutural pursolte, and no I. vauabe a aninestent inludng edand roe deer, salmon andfreh-wtertrot, nd ver decritio ofwinedand other gamne, withtheshotin lor,and ang fo seera yers.Forx further par. Edinburgh, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ B,Gergtmt -VERY oheeru suburban PUBLIC-HOUSE, V Taern,and rouns, ad Medow and.on the odge-rare-road- mosgetladvantaghois tr, abmoot comforteble andhattractiver12,monts tihesba tueo wLichb fromItsy coNsrcIonanD HOUSit oon, heLtbsngeof of sitawiong, dis inbloiatrdeial pro pty,and tox bad ro erydstrongl room- com en gade,PrnIas l, ntiowit coamhoueate canditable,ay havresfull pabtleamly, fon applicatiodurngt th utoe ear, ao, 1, Vun ernon-place, Foe bu reNISHEdtxe HOUSE gnearten m1ay hs-am exoad.A gentlemartniwho is abottdios tmayel with hIs for 1moth s, ppyt lare rain, inngBUitI NEro SS,pn xbdroomsig,aret ingroms, f 4400apergardns, ht.-nur. Poatex Br and Inistable, to arspect-b dable famnly,foranyerodlduringblthed yUear,at2gInea per wboeliek,n more than frent-as and aes,Ton gentlbemend wmayn theise andexcel- kGdooudi~a-W Antgeo BUinomled. S,produmg areverycorne miodious, admirbly situaite, in a Populous town, about 5SImile. from London, and heldiat alovwrrental. Thepurchasemoney for the whole wil be about £1,000 but a portion may remain on approved security. Principals may obtain orders to view ot de. Peter Ero%d, 28, Poultry. D~ETACHD LLA, with GonsadGreen- bJ ouse, on the topDof Strestham-hill, at a ground rent.-To be SOLD, the LEA.SE,(for 65 years. at a ground rent of £25 per ranunum, of a detached VILL RESID gNOE, fitted up with all the modem improvements, and coDntaining dining room, drawing room, library, store room, three best bed rooms, dressing room, bath rooma, servant.s' ccomtoodation, excellent bisemnent story, and three water-closets, lawn and kitelben garden, hothoese, and conservatory, The tress end shrube are well grown, the fruit, trees are in fell bearing, the views are ver extensive, Omnibus conveyance to the city In half an hour, and, three minutes' walk to a station on the Crystal Palace Railwy For terms and cards to view apply tolloers,n Poster, 54, PaiI.maul. _W HOLESALE and. RETAI_L WINE and SPIRIT vvBUSINEBS.-To be DISPOSED OF. the 0cib eetablished and ,valuable wholesae and retail WINE and SPIRIT ETTSINESS of the late Mr. Benjamoin Hallowell, in Duncan-street, in Leeds. The business was retabllshed iu 1780, and since that time bas been succesfully piroseoutedi. There Isalso attached tothe concern an extensiveaendlucra%tive business in the manufacture and sale of British winee,whilch may either be sold with or =otely from the other bualness The ex4i: is large, and as eenjudciosly eleted an ma betaken by the purchaser, oroheeisedisosd o PosesIo ofthevautsand warehouse, can be Hallwel ha rederd te dspoal f tesecioncerns necessary. They are n ahighy posprousconitin, ad wll eld au aimple return to a puobaer. p~l~~ b mae toMeses,Barr and Nelson, l'IWRKXY CARPET to be-SOLD in fine condition, -aEeqvzalbonew, 26 feet by)68feet,for one.haL the coot pice.Apply t-o BL, 21, Southampton-srtreet, Holbora. OUSES FURNISHED bz-CONTR&TACT, f-rom £1200 and pwarulk, at a saving of ttns, and trouble, end onefourth theusa cost. convenient arrangements alsomade for py merit, Apply to Mr. Graham, 18, Air-street, Piccadilly, a MNSBUY PATECHNCON,City-oad,near '3~~~~~~~~~~~~~l to inucyeqorLe,texuivel fptorsi warehosnuntr n au abd le preperodtyof evekeds,matesADl~ aATHWSdppi etor Theorktrangemento -a this m say lemsAwi be faundureryin wrapedtsrs, ner v_/ ood etotndom heir patrn In the ity andte wpublircgnrlly aondarepeprd trongv estimae s arfend ecue Anybuldn or Grepair-t cxe ityosane. DUTCH FLOWER ROOTS.-M. BATHf and DY SOS 0 Igh Holborn beg to announce that their splendid COLECTON f HACINTHIS,&. ,,from Haalemn,areinfine conditio, 3 suerir nmedhyaInts, 4 fnetulps, 24 3nmarcss, 24 jonqils an 10 crons wl, beren onreciptof posft-oficeo order for DOTTE 's G ANO, stabished16 cars, Ofice,N L28,Clpbam-rad-plae, Benington 5, Wated, a few first, F BU LOCK ad Co,, Hope iron Works; Primrose. Jo a treet, Bishopeate, magnufacturers of gates and railing, In cast or wrought iron. iron aud wire fopoes. fixed in All parts ; staircases, eanervatocle,, heating apparatus, roofs, ko, Stores rangee, mualige, and iron week of every description sappieUd for shipping. I1 REON BUILDINGS for all parts of the world AL corrugated Ironi, pitdor galvanized, for home orexot Iron churchss~plscolros dwelling houses, fireproof storqe. podable irnbrofngof every description on the moei reasnable tem.Apyt aoe ,HmigadCo., 40, Broid- 1~R SALAE the prpryo nofficer, a splendid F SAARE,A with richly inl aid md hiltS,fmssslve ailver-moented soabbard. &C., takenx from one of the ambers of Scinde at the Battle ot Mesnes To besen at M. Bishop's, gunaraker, Bond-street. 11A CHAICALDRAINGS for PATENTS am J.jApeesred byBARLOW nd On,, who will stad a cIrcular of Inforatin o Paent. Cotof provisional protection, £8 l8a.-BarloW andOo. eSee fo patnt 89, Ohanoery-lano, 1iEEHAIiCALMOTION.---A PLATE MluatraSaMoa cr~~for mons, withXs,n tobe" fonAO our stamps Also ad'ri en alnt. Povsinalpsteido fr ixmouths eight gunWeas ~atoi,£80me..-M. CLRK,pat nt gen 53, Chanaeey.lans 3ILE-DRIVING ENGINES.-For SALEB, at the London Docks Extenidon, Shadwell, TWLELVE PILY.-DRIVINQ eceo plet. A pply to M r. Anderson Mean Wmn. O Obitt Manager. a= the works. Hfouses, Schools, Shed;, &o., entir (I)~~~Oo0r~0d ad Iron The Ian, galvantized os paits ThesOsbuture aresonereWe or removed,.eydrbe n o fixires n lasehld ropety.Plan an etmesbTPPRand & URGICAL INSTRUMENTS.,-To Surgeons prok3ceeding abroad and othems-A complete BET of SECO-ND. HADSUBGOIAL i9OSTRIJdiENT8-vlsz- handsomeo easet pocekt Instruments, navy ease, consisting of amputating, ta-errnir l rating, dental, tr=,ctheters, !tcgJ cutIn cee &rigs~ wifer forceps (Mr,rAras now). rke £4 ItL Aplyto aesI Maddox,_ suargiral Instrument maker. 19, Universlty-iftret, Univeretty t U ceHeplial.
'~othe GOVFAZ )..S of the ROYAL OIL.THOP-Bolo HoSPICA.I,. 3, *1Tz1"1rdeu?, Trinit-eoas,re~, Londou, B.C., Oct, 16. 1857. HY Lodstl. 6rdvde, ttl Gctetneser, M&R BItOD iU RST having in bis letter, publisbed _In Tho i1m,of thv I(I"n im~.t, again ins,Zs on a right to be Ciadesed tiho First Assistant SorReon or the Royal Oritbopiedic Hoeo. iWa. And. soeavoured. (i, the ti.'ud s.tinn of a letter from an unnamed ov, rpor, to make it avpsur that a G'enetral Coi irt Of the Governors virtually Conferred that title pupn him, I think it mny duty. In juastice to you and to Mr OAstns. to state, that the orcaniou I expressed at that meeting was a meseurpreseicu, 0 Inv Individual Opinion, and Is,' ap-, pear by the short-band writes', rotea of v,hrit paa-ed) that when I expreatd it, a Governor objected that Ssuch a, cowure Wam 'lot a correc one, no zubstantice motjion wre put, and the malttr, whicth was a mere interrupttien, fell to the ground. It wca not compretent to tbhe Governors to oonfer ruch a potiton otn Mr Bro murt otheruel,e than by pas-ing a by.law in alteration of the rules teAt down for the government of t-he Hospital, for by the existing rules the Committee ha-ve the pawer to decide enk the position which the Officers of the Hospital are to take amdidold. The Committee, punsuantto their powers,.declared that Mr. Bredhurat and Mr. Ad-ams w,e' en an equal footing, and the questionx hain been ref erred to them n'e1tluthe atrwafnll Isettlec'by their resolutions, a scopy of which h55 already appeared in The Timm',"&e. Irn conclusion, I reonet YOU to beieTe that I b1ave nO peronal linterest in either of the candidates. aud that my only motive In suppotting Mr. Adams is to etideavour to obtain for thie Hotpital the Surgeon best qualidied for the appointment. I considFr Mr. Adams to beeno, auth believe I sin %unportea in imy opiniou by every member ef the Committee not psrmonilly counectee with Mr. Brcdhurst, anid by Your Isurgeon, Mr. Tatuplin, who has Already expresed to yen his Oolnilon in. the high testimonial he has Siven to Mr. Adam-, a copy of which Wms sent to you. andwit ths ojec stll n vew.I d ure uon yen to elect the dir OanAdat tothevauat ofic OSsureon onthe 22d inst. My ord, Lile, ad Gentlemeni, Yourmee obeien hemle ervant, To te GVEstug~of the ROYALOTO(DcHd'TL Y cAi tobecort~iee First Assistant-Surgeon ,A.7L toyourHisIt having be called in qiiestionL by Mr. Wiliram Adast lx he Tmes-t thej Il th inistant. anti again by Mr. Qu.arles Hesis.In lete ofthe10t Ist-. I amn compelled to mate the follwin staemet i vinicaionof the trntsa and of my own right. Eary n te ear181. lpeoalGeneral ourt of the Governora of ~Ot5 Hsptalwa hed, o eclrea Fecond vacancy for an Asmistant norgon oneravng eenprevousy deelaeedi, and It was th(En delermsethtthe tw vacanclee should be fi4ed up at the same ii 00, Al hatmeeingthefollowing question was asked by Mr. RIchard Low eck I ill irehisown words, sas they are now before mne. ~' Wen lx. Cancestge anid an sLdditlnnal vacanicy was in oonsecluneannounce, I disic askled the Chairman. if the two elechoetook plc together welh escandiate would be considered as tanig dist, In case any vacancy should occur in the o051ce of Prin. oplSurgeon. The an oere wras mnade by Mlr Qinarlea Hwars. the Chairmaan, 'The on. ofec-ur,e. who has the greatest number ot vott af'and to this reply the whole of the Committee and Governors Present soqulesced, for not a word was sarid oa"Lost It." The election took place A4,ril10. 1881, when you did mes the hessour to plac mne at the iLeast of the poll by a very layge majeslty, namely, la-therroportlon of three to two. It was not unll eight days after the electon, namely May 8th. that the Committee passed the resolution which haa been referred to by Mr.- Adams and Mr. Harris, which tIs s follows -"~ Thakt the two AswstzttaS.usgeons having been eles.ted on the same da, the ~ r etalqual:. but that Nir. Brodhurgt having obt.inedthee=es numu'abaelr ot eaten. he be assigted to Mr. Temop. lin, asbls Asestat8rgo,and Mr. Adams as Aselstast.otrgeoa to Mrz. Lonedale.~ Iatlugen I reipetfll submit that this lincosistenLt and unjust decison," to usie lbs words of M1r. Beet. In his letter to me. was powerless, not Only becamse it wres retreomective, bet because it was contrary to the optinion expeeseed by the Ch mnau ot the Meeting before the election, and also because the Comrumlttes s.f lour Hospital Is not entrusted by yonto S overl deciaiono of a GenerA Court. I wa elctedat Geeral Court by a majority of 89 Governors youa therfor, eectd m he Aor As~ant-Sorgeon. Mr. Harris Is pleased In iscinia tosa tat the asrgment ont which Mr. Brodhurat has thought proper to satra x o lmelf the title ot . First Assistant. Bureon issimly bsud.The Committee had no power to conifer Ilpe himtb.h ranyothr title." The absurdity does not ret with me, but iththooaro tinkthat they have not the power to give and Yet havepowr t tae aay.You 5ave me the posituion; you have never authrizd sur Cmmiteeto de-troy what you had done, and I there. foreremin yur enio Asistabt.Surgeont. This law, that amajority of votes give seniority, isuniverally observedin london hosptais. It' bIsabeenobserved, nntw.thstaeoumg the resolutlonof yonirlommittee,iu uarhosittAlal fofrlIh.ve aiwas. onatinuxed tobe Asdstantllurgsoa your Senior Surgeon. and my ncasi in 1a every Instance, iun te papere and books of your hospital, p laced before that of Mr. Adamns. Imway'alao mentitou that infoe thise contest commenced it was pro. POSed to submnit the questionu of promotion to seven or more soemeers Of the CouncIl ot the College, of Surgeons, And that We Fhould be guded by their decision. Seven members were named; bnt at ti1le lat moment, Mr. Adams would not sign the agreement, on the plea that pending the zrbitrAtlan thie canvassmuchr Continue, and thersore we oug'it to go to the polL Mr. Adams was afraid to trust our cause to the decision Of some of the most honourable men In the medical profession. Having thus establiahed moy right to the position of Senior Assistant. Surceu. Ieaxneetly cotl no you to defend me irom an act of Injustice, to vidlcate your own pesitlons and rights as Governors of the Rolal Orltcopmdtc HLospital, and t.s give me that precedence to which I am I slict yur ttedarce t te Hspial,315, Ox.ford-gtreet, next Thurday Ocobe 12 beteenthehons o1tiand 5, when the poll he ake, ad wen on ill la sue, xprssyour Independent and honet olullo. usve m cae i you hads,and feel conafident You My ~rs, ades. ad Gentlemen 14, Brook.etseet. Groavevor.equsre, I1hOtbr 87 ~TJREY ISP&SAR.-AQUARTERLY KJ GENEAL COUT of th Goverotse this Charity wil he held 51 te Dspesar, etea doer-tret. earSt. George's Church, Bonhwar, onTueday.theiltoay f Otober, atluali-past5o'clock FPREDERIO t WILLMOTT, Secretary. 82, Htgh-street, Stwark, il.R, uctoher 19, 1867. CiUIS~Tr HOSPITXCL.-1:the A. NIVER~SARY FESTIVAL, In commetmoration of the Birthdayo ait ttoRoyal Nounder, will be held at the Lon-lin Tavern, Sshopegate-streetk en Friday, the 21-d inst., when this Stewards bome to be favoured with a, large attendanc-e of their Brother Blues; and Governors or this Rcoyal Fvundatioa. No collecLon. Dinner on table atbhailf-pastt psecisely. Pziesldent-W. F. WRITE, lIu'., Treasurer of St. .asthLolomew's Hitepilal STEcWARDS HORATIO BTRIN~GER( Chima 4,Ladenhhli-Street. W. Gilpin, Eq., Christ's Hepital Frn OsJne, Faq., 4, Fsnchurch. A, G. Alt, Esq., Stock Exchange srs John Brown, Esq., 4, Chaoge-.ltey G. H. Lane, Esq 44 Doughtys'l. C. F. Cheffins. E?q~, 9, Souxth- Thomas Fries3, bkq:, 4, Chanoge. amliton.buildlogs,Chaucery-lane alley W. Cockburn, Faq., 13, White- utlsxar,der Wace, Esq., 46, George. stres,Moorielda street, Portsman-square b. m Dlle, Faq., Ely-place, Hot. S Chag. Whitbread, FAq., F.R.S., James Dier, Eaq., 2, Flosbury. .Fee Wie e. St. Bar. _plaoesonth 4 ulmere W. S. Grey, Bps., tholomll'smHotritt Tickets, oens guinea each, to be haofteswrd,s above, or of the Hon. Secretary; and at thie ComiteBo,Lno Tavern. J. HARRIS, M,A., Hoe, Sec. City of Lo-ndon School, Cheapuide, Oct.?, 1.887. D QYL WSTNUNSTER OPERTHALMIC .Uhu OSPIAL, hasig-cross. founded In 1816, foe Rellaving the Poo aflite wth isas,, f heByse-The Commaittee, sithush hesiatin torene thir apliato to those benefactors who huve alredy o knol cotchuee tothefunds of the Institution, do con. ddsilyhoe, hatifa, more general kniowledge of the services anid theneeuinss r tisvaluable Charity. and ita dependeatntcawe, conSd he lffose. acod. miS fodsmight be drawnto twards its mainten. soe,ad tu ellA ble i udr h hsing of Providence, stil to admiiter lareesy to th eif dcmloet of the afflited. Tkhere are 10 beds for in-Pausets; the wards are large and airy, but thLe want of 7means precludes the adission of half that number. Bubecripuons received by Mdessr. Ooutts anrd Co. bankers, Strand : by Messrs.Drumn. mnond, bankerss. CharIne-croes: and by toe Secretary, at the Hospital. kPECI.Au A ePuAlj. --CENTRAL LO NDON I~JOPHTHALMfIC HOSPITAL. for the Poor Afflicted withx Dineeases of the Eye, Gre,'a-ino road, corner of Calthiorpe-steeet. Nomber of Patients, October 1, 1853 . . 2,071 'lumber of Patients, October, 1,18S87 .. . 8,1 Contributions on behalf oC the above Charity will be most thankfully roeeved by William Smee. Lu.. Treasurer, lank of Eugland ; Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths. baauke., Lomubard-street ; and by the he. cretary. at the Ho,pitai. Dy order Of thLe Committee. RI(DHARD FEILD, Sec. FHIE ASYLUM for IDIOTS, Earlsuwood, Red. Lbl,Sre,and Essex H-ILl Coithester, Instituted October 17th 1St, fr te Creand Ek:ucatiou of Idiots, especiallyin the OarL-.r perisofle Th uunlELECTI(N iof this Charity willOccur on Thursday, the 19th ms:., st the L-ondon Tavern, Bischopsgate-e5treoo, for the puirPM~ of electing 15 applicacisa from the lpit of 165 candidates. Sir G Loiu.sE eAISRuLL in the Chair. The poll will cosutsenoe at 12 o'clock, and cloee at 3 precdsely. The electionswillregaiar;y occur inAp,ril ad O.tober. Persons becoming subscribers may vote ,-meiatety. JOlIN CONOLLY, M.D., D.C.L, Gratuitous ANDRtEW Rh?FDl,D.D, I Secretaries. N.B.-The Board request a perusai of the last Report, whichi may be had gratuitoualy on applicatiou ,s the office, 2S Poultry, wheore sub. ser ptloas wil be thankfully received and all. needful informati.n. chLeerfully supplied. CIOLLEE of ENTISTS of ENLAD 5, Caven- memersaaassciaes F t.RECDlg enLL the. ocfasiondofgthe las N llt, which ootplaceWG TuEsd w th silt,Nviz thMune rE Wi.ctbe Gae,Asle, es.;tI tI. Uniersity,th pramde.owoiaH Cm tuoraldrant,m long,dulytnsi.Aoiaa'tened-Tth Mpitorgn, fh WmateoraW Ireland: H. G.f lade i racian ly taddortbyreal W J o Jralus an, ad tenr.terruc, mo.W. clulvee. T prteaLorE at ftehiLL.m Hen.udCorrTesponingateon oaeestadanhntages fUniveprscity aud theprfesoril andtutoriallsystoin areoulgmiai ineed the f aprlecaton oflyu thosine o the Redntpunoutsof lie islpractially ug0 byat realmopration;anb herliius orl andsoial habitst ournthe,rstue natsar tedarfully regared,wthoun thx elusIveness. dsefpr thessr airmeof its hiighetotanding.oTh situahtion possersesadvnt agies forivthelypracialsuodyo sciencevuntaeqale inag Prorammestare fRwarded tonapplyin Atofth C ReISidEntCuni ofG beColee,Vlsmtbe itouo bfyea thieogashrfdeu.Vi-rest,Coe tL.tt 11.orWLatboy Vaterae Intttd SS y eteeni h taniOthryon leadlmest TriatelItrm -aeodues, the advan. tageIofaugu Decture en Art Education, open to indies and centlemep on preeentieg ther vsItng ard, wilbe eliere at3p..,by Rt. Warren, Req., Proessr o Fiur Drwin it 15 Cllee, ndPresident of the New Propecuss, ithevry the iforatin,may be obtained on apPupl' m e icaredby adls esiingInthe neighbourhood, whose By order of the CommIttee. JOua oVRBETT, Seretary. GQCROOLMASTER. A SECOND MAST'ER iJ k7 WANTED. by the HaberdLvhera' Co:*pany, far their Free Gram. mar8School, atNeowport, thropehlse. Salary £100, with a resideace. He itn have taken the degrree of' BA. f Oxford or Cambridge, and be competent So ISr,rtruct in the rreics, mathematis, arithmetic, asd a sound linglia eduo3tion. Candidates moa3t attend 1at their own expenotel at Haberdasher5' B all, Gre hain.strwescwt,LonCon, atl.2 o'clock, on Thursday. November SinD Appilcatlons, with testimonials, muust b eo80- by e 3d to the Hal, wher further particulars may be obtrained. _ _ llO. CURTIS, Clerk. VRITISH ORP AN ASYLUiI, OLRpbam-rise. J lstituted 1827 or r aduca tloa of OrphaEs Dt th« )c nkoprt faldnm tor,^ atid from everypar of the United ip doma l~tson-Rer luivat Gra^cious Majesty the QUJEEN. The next ELECTION wil be held on the 13th Jaary. lS5S. CandIdates areellgibile bet;ween the ages of 7 and 15, and should be nomI-w nated by the 9th Ni venter next. The uscesa.y form andl every information will be gIren by the Seeretary, CSontrihutiomus inoat esxsertly ac isuleto, to moet the admialson of an increasednumber of candidates un January next. Ltfe donation for two rates, £10 lt)Os for one votei £s as.; annual subscription for two votes, At is; for one vote ls. td, ALFRE D MACKENZIE, Secretary. Offce, 12, Walbrook, Londou, B.C. Bankers--bSesars. a ildam, Deacon, and O., Birchinalane. 7i'IE ROYAL ASYLUM of the ST. ANN's JLSOCIETY Iby VolunaUry C0,tvibutians). aflordln Ho me, C.othin Ugaintenence, nod Education to the Ohtidrox of Parentg Oueinca rpersty,orphbns or not, t AnyYNation,-iWO SIRlMONS, in A&iu of this jnstltt:o, lwill be preached on Suunday, 5th Ocober, 1S57, t the Cburch of St. Sisy. Lidorisanbusy: that in tLe rorning by the Rev. STEPHSN BRIDGE. IlrA., Incumbent of St. Mattbew'ls, UcmvlchatsbISi and that in the eveningt by the Bev. C. C. ollinsr, M.A, clummbent of'St. Mary, ArcrsuanburY. DivineservieSat1Itinthe monuing, and hal!-pasi6Si 6the evenia g Claims ot the Institution:}ti Objects-orphar.3 or not, children born in proepesity, whose Parentt eAergymen, soliotors. surgeour, Laral or military oflices,, merchante, or mraders) ae now In aUversity. Its Universality-It has no l4cal bounds: the cililden of any suctUy are eligible. Its Adlvantaes- 5nOLe. clothing, matntenance, and aducatlo, to nearly 10 of suctlchidzen- Its Depeudeuse-Vu,luntsry Sub-crtpttons and Doa. tion. E tecxtor Of deces ed benefactors bWil becotme lfe govere tser.. S.P . LERKK, Secretary, 38, luugate-street. ( FFEiE ESTTI ON-S OIfYI;O.<_evor31 ValIU- iable COF'FEE PLANTATIONS in the above Island for SALE. Aiply to Park, Brothers 18, Wibsook. j,.I' I _1 r P . A r H 6ING 12, PAlsi, s grat owe, t beSOL,a argIn.Apply to H. A. S-totters 7, Rus hS l- umu-e t stiu.Feereet . Th,tLIA; - lor SJE. a f tilt-ized auatdecrul td .tJ'XLATl-I BitS) 51;,LIARI) TAISLIc, by Ttiurstoun siso a 11 ft. o ; as. ma. * *1; a9 , di, : i f ot. do.; a 5 Sft do. Aptly to FOr. grnjth, Pcr I-list j| ry-tMrtntS, llagulgge-wsLu.rnCrolead Ursellt,r EAST INDIA. HOUIISZ, 0t. 14, 1457. rVHE Court of Directors of the East India C-ompa JLbereby alvenotic', thor they hae reweived Ret rue of I'Nr'z llugmals duringr the caropal gu of 1942 53. by (4eneral Order by the VlovernoorGeneral of Indi4 In CouuCil. date let 'July. 1853. due to officem se.mn,an and mabri.'eeof Her 'dajfcti'a ehipg B'ttfmrn sd Spartan : and th.t thte same will be P&ID to tOf ca& r,pqrt'ms enttl*gd otbetr ap.. Pliclation at the Miltar5* Dopsrtment, R'am nt inia Hlnuse. after the 21st JAMES3 0. ldRE.VILL. Secretory. WAOKIN G COMMONERS ACT, 1854.-Wo, the TVT Committee appointed by the abov,e Act, do hereby giTe notice, tbat the Arbitratort appoinited itnAlrr and, by 'irtue ot the above-men. tioned Act hns made his AW&R.MD dated the 14th dlay of October Instant, and that ouchL avward was oonfiftmeA bi the Cormorasianers onx the 15th day of October instant - and we further give notice, that. for thepayen ofthene au~s w,rde, w ral attend at the Wldte kiar Inn Woing foreaid fro 11o'ok fn the forenconi to 4 o'cloc in th aftenoon, n e~t~of th folloing das, vielgt, adTuIOsday, th 8to nd Uednion.- thdersigneday of DEcebe next. -Date. yithid 1the ADay of Otober 1 T5o57.RiadON LNIT and.ofithen p Unis n.-s therA ua (nders ened.ne. at. tahe- leot of, this notice), for thu. calf-Year ended the 2 th of September. 1557, to commence on Tuesday. the 3d day of November next, at 10 o'clck n te frenon,at he nio Wothone,itrhmond, Siurrey, whenandwher al peeonswhoby aw ae bundto account at suoh lake. PetersharsBELLW.Richm.ond.t VT ret fo Wathwort-A LCIT delbyvJrHa LEOTURT SOCBfY-Inia...TreRev 3.M.BELLEW, XS. .R... li on INDIA, at he Assembly oom t.T Aonswo,o ussdtay, Orto ETrY27, The ped lobmtte handed aover toctie ty bayeb oe Inn.n diat Rhele Fond.R Ticetd R,.DLs. andOO. t bae hDatn HTRANS an EdSons, 15,Ol Randbetc-cot; date th 6Feetnstrtet.on 4,Beheim-w wM erp d GEORGEPE.-DEME PARDY COURSEa eof HAR CTLIBRARY ofTUE BOnOteKS, ofrhewi IC SOPEM foin Wedesay. erniMngas. by LIONE, Band, WtM.s., tMR.. Iproemo ofnThuryslcayd in s.ting'e.CLeg, ndo.gentleendeysio4p.of aottenyin are requyested a3 toefobtacnodtei nam tedLbwou and adesst r Deals'g laofpAtor, 2., Cadr roeytret C.atou, befoe Ocoermilt,te ee B1lg 6.As,lbu ordll bfte fommittded of Councilon.Euain tIheU WC H N of EN IVAD YOUNG ofEthe S0TTOCIEY. Th0CMmitteoftheAbov SocUIety begto annoonc KEIIRiD fom 10 Saiebnr.rqv,re. o 16, dce-treet. ThU e dNew Rootewil beopend bya Soial eetiglo ath Membioers,ba 7 o'oc on Tursdy, Ot. altr whch dte teo'ileckand LtheraoryeClsse will be rqsumed. GEORGE DEEPARD,rClerrca. Bo By rde ofth Comiteeof Coume n oductie on. WIDOWS of LIVEidoME of thvM e o annu, udertheWil of baree ill, Eor udecadsed willcbedlg pose of y te Cort f Asistnts,to lerhel ato ttle omepa'-any TuLay hIstN dayTEE-istLa of DeSme et tU oclckinter fmornenoo aetitiosae Puoi bet hent ato the Calonurtbehoie onMonday, the 12tho Ncoveber, next. Bakfrso eiinmyb bnsdah HAmonslolctda.teCuhaan Whpesi theS p eadlh,onte. Parai esh'Church, Ocrt.e 17v. 155. j.P ye .. . 18 P(iAhChRPe,prtEiRevSH' W COMPArtnY.. T.w.okenhan v..ortmsn hapel,A VACANCtrYt hap ccredi theIe.JW.eve abov A2 S- HOSS..Pte' ApplicVrtre mut, beLperteRy.sen SorPeeme ofth Coin St.Ja ea' C 5l yeastmoreupard-str, oer wtdhe ofy Gieryoeo Copanyro therkageyof0ears oer tpwaRev. Aplie October. 1857. tfordsofpellcaten may bheA obtaiGuned p at heeade' offic, at he bal. ED aR B.NeJUPTd Clerkt the Compny October, 1557. ~ ~ ~ ~ 5 15 Amoutspelletda thehChurhes, andewa haelad in the pRis,vn. h D. A. Hor Day ofelunlliatiu PAri uah Church, er he R~ev. 0.'3. F yre . £14't798 1 t.Paulth Chapel, Get' rladaret the Rev. H.Geoarto . i Sret.Ton'tChapel, ptert thiaeLe h Rev..H.Jandbas .n 49 116 Nosma Churhapl ae-treet cp , per the Rev Jabez Burns 3 18 St.Pe'tes Chapel, VStaer-street, get' the'Rev. J. Scobaves. 52 0 02 St. Mamteve's Chapel, Wertmesaud.etreet, ger the. Rev. Deo. St.nchurch pe he1ev .H..ny 111 uebe Cthapl,pe thebo v 3.~;l 16,urn~'AZey . 68i '-e h.10 10 AlSt.iLuk', Church,butfrd.pcleyrae.Der the Rey,.~4r~ M.ddock .. m ~~~~~210 5 StPadrinso Chapel, Hemnl~i-erplace, erod per the Rev.'A Janiewo Stato. 5 80 Thrinity Chapel, John-stre,hRIgeara, per the Rev. . Cy. 1012 Pocock .. ~~~~~~ ~ie. .68 2. 6.,11 Edwad-paceChael.pot'theRev W.BenoWM..I1 a. 8l 65 1I St. attew' Chuch.Pcrnoanmaret,per the Rev.D. Spencer.. .. .. ~~~~1010 0 all Srain t'Chure Dinke yfros enerth Rerev. H Wa. 401 Potln, 2dd ub. Chrle B .vr A. 12210 0 Stn. Bak' Churech, Hamqton-err e, ph:et' Mklth o Rev A B. VHat.ewrgood oh ..Dnnl t. 451 0 Chrdt' Chapel .. aid ti pe th 0Rv. H: Carsde. .A. 1 091 Hst Paml'ie Ch riape,lnngoee the Bge,'.o. KEeligq. 12 7 8 Trismnit hrh per th.e. 10 ho. Gair,dok £86sq. Sd., o pAid to Ethe Bank of England. lak.Es. 0 0 Hreget's- keb Chape,Pr.eur. 30 ErnRev. Wuian. tattl 513 10 Uathew Uzbterlla Esq ur2b, Wels-tret sEe% thDe_ Rev. Mount Zionb Cape,ndilet DRse squkae. 10sq. 10 0 STheCogregatIons wochonn in thoepCh fird fth Deal HeafGrae thdey aduk of Sen c 00 .Er L'ethsam. Req.£810 0 Potand,Tluy. 2 14 bA.2 sub. hre evr Re. . . 1 0 0 special for this paris E 10 P. G PhB. Bartt, Req. ..10 10 0 Bin) B.Cbei,..10 0 0 Eneasd Macknts, F-sq. 100 0 TVtst 2lgtn 74?,, eohne Smaitonnel. Pat.50 0 Ttd.snb. . 10 00 B.CeorgdenS ml, aq. ,, 5 5 W.Lireman FA.Q. .. 20 00.0J. rsldok, Esq.. 5L 00 Air J.deacone EL 0 .. Jone 10 0 tero,n Belchrk anq. Son 101 0 Hoearati Sirb Ge.. 3ak 0 0 0 Eree Bunen W e.. 0 MathewUrielJ.li, h.Re., §q. ..2220Jna alPoe e 00 TMeomco Istsahal Rand R. Hicman Rq. 00 Ie~nO1yraq.i 00 0 0 JosephBid ofeS. 55 l` 20 00 J. , Lathnamov Fe. ::10 0 Mectors o Tiur. Tarries, M'essra.WoackloadSndGra. bouTclbur .. .. 21 00 am.2enbuler a. 5 200 Jom esss..andR. 10 G M.RJonatanDodqn . 100 J. Danioel . 8q. 101 08 R. Bchaoda're,Esq.. 22 00 3. ealIane,. Paul. 210 0 ber. George SiH, eq.. 14 E. Humrt Bsq..QC.. 0 00 C and Clon. .eq. .. 12210 Archdacona H . C,Jne 0 C0 MeGr. Headhe aind Son 1 1 0 Idmev. J. H ck . 10urney yo, Req e.D.Brs. 22I0 thoma Dunn Ret . ..y 10 10 0Re3. WDtawso Buq. 33I 0 MsDubsrnt a.. .. 0 50 RPevD. James Keeling, InJohn. Bentlyey. Rq. .. 10 0 0i cniumdert of 1. Pels Reb. C B. P. Rye, Lqsco .Dugerov.1Eq,ju.I 00 Reto of St.ell MAry. 1 0Mers . Wengfdela II 500 bone.au ESlomlJamev.u ee. Rveqr... 2I0 subAnt'erption .. 10 00Mr. Thohne Gln . II1 0 J.cooSll, Wrig.1010 0 Henry Anyer Rneq. II 80 R.hR AxeuladO A .. 1010 0MNr.JohnalhanSoen II 1 0 Llot.-ogIetn. al . 10 0 0Joehrs Guneorg Head. I Thomas Re .1 00FredeikCuo . 2 2330 Miss H,Wamen, gerRev S..O.TheWormen, If es s B.llaltlnd .. ..10 0 0A G. deTeadand o .. 110 11ev. . H. urney Eec- Rev. Dr. runs .1 cura 0 broS S. Stac's -.10 10 0 fBev,DAw leonerrn .. 10 subsciptio .. . 100 pe DMrs..1m Bm... 2 1 1 3.0. Buroyne,Req ..210 0 iRevmsunder Pe.o 156 Thoma Berg~ne eq. 50 10 6Re.(D'laaug'er a Ie. u.11 0 F.Cter Sidey Duce. 100 6Mr. Vee.Wig.l .. 1 10 DAldermandSCo...ns 2 24 Rev. C. W.ecark.1 0 0 sub.cription .5 00Mr.Top Davi .lke 1p10 F. Ho.eb Wright 10 0 Professonn Cfrknel 221 0 R K Aren. Rq. 100 0 W. J.h Craxwell 1 1 0e L Pdaonleon .100l John Rneitor R. 1 03 0 Toas ao L Req 50 lr. ederic Woriso. Req I 0 TMesr. watson, Son,E. 10a0mes 0 Chakma,REsq 1I1 0 Chamberlyne.. . 1 50100i. MarkTejad... 10 0 R . RProbghtn, R Ft. . 5 0 0(Je. I.l Wroe. ceurate 1 Mr. D.. Damsnc.. - 20 0Mre.HEdwards . 8 II Tr. Drone. E.. 21 201 Rev 0 . Poterg ePecck I10 RastrJ. LDrag%.ector towagRer Caounteas 1o 1 onteCrtiitnChuruch 60106 strDwerehy .. 0 0 M ev . ELGuney InCth frmof r.u -WI, ABeat 2 00 Dmeut.dCol. 2Gnnn 20 0Jonv.de.WF-.Mak 20 V. ire ,F_q.Edney5 .1 1Mr. Davi Fhoasckesu. per 0 fR..Kizndpbyeto Esq S00 PrerFs Mr.edThoma1s 1 Mepans. Edwharads,Son, 01 JaemnesMak, Broteq. 1I 00 Charlob eran. Ae4.. 5 0 IiOrlandkbwiy,EII.00 .T (1- V.- . -0 Stehe Grne,R q.. 8 J., G. ieffes, Eaq. .. 33 bet -ftl .. I Rev. H. Hamilton .. 5 0 O Friend.1 . 1 W. Ozirie. OEq. 00 A arry ...a . 2 20 AdmiralLitobfield .. 60 0 tZ Mallalue, &q. .. 1 10 J. B., per Wetern Bank 5 0 0 rhe Workmnen of Mr. W. . Low. Esq. .. 6 0 Thomas . 0 .. .. 0 18 W. f eld. qa. . 5 0 CollectedbyMr.Trhoma, Rev . B. B. Oatoa .. 5 00O inueunduder £1,o B'. Rushworth, REq, S 5 0 eluding his Workmen 7 15 4 Mesrs. Chrstian and 4 A. Hloghton, Esq. .. 5 0 0 Rathbone .. .. 56 50 teser. r hs. Williams Mewors. Metcalfe and and Co. . 0 0 BSngley .. .. .. 3 8 0 i.T.T. 2 0 0 Anonymoos, Mer tco W. W. Temple, Req. 3 3 0 Rector .. .. .. 5 0 0 t.Lovell, Esq. .. 2 0 0 John Loverlge, Esq. 5 5 0 1'. WorMdeL E3q .. 1 0 0 S. W. }ardiner. Eeq. 6 0 0 Seecrc. Black and Oo. 3 1 0 Aaron Ahber Goldrumld Oracrles racer, Req. a 3 0 (2d sub. spocial for tbis Xtes Edwards, eastern painh) .. .. .. S 0 0 Natloinal School . 00 J.P. Gaeltt. jan., Rq. 5 5 O Cha. bleynell Esq. . 2 0O al Roher, R q. 2 2 0 t. A. Cooraton. 3q 10 0 Col, Baal t te . S O Rlchard 8.Wade sq 3 0 31r. eeak , per Rev. 0 . T. T. . . 2. 2 0 B. :MudaLd .. 5 00 xr. J Sloper I.. 1 1 Rev. B. Matttand, Mi- Dr. Rutherford.. 1 1 0 nustr of Brunswick Mr. lenrY Bennett 1 1 0 Chae l 00 Mr. Butcher, of the Henry T. Young Re3q. 5 5 0 NorthutnberlandArms W. lUes and nin Bhoe- Tottesham-court-road, ing Smiths, per Rev. one day's taking inhis J. Stratten .. 5 00 businets .. .. .. 27 13 7 Rev. HL W. Maddock, Samoeunder£1 -l. . 2 12 6 Inoumbsntof All Sainta 5 00 The residents of the parish of St. ds.eylebone are requested Imnedlatelhy to veanFnotunces to the Honorary Secrtery thetir oontrlbutions to Subscriptions re reoeived at the Treasurers'rSit Samuel Scott and Co.'s, 1. avendish-quare; the Western Ban}, tHanover-equre * and by the Honorzary Soeretany, W.EB. GreenveU. Vestry Clerk, dourtoluse, St, Maoxlebone. NIPORTANT to COLLECTORS of ANTIQUES .J and DECORATIVE OBJOYd.-In consequence ot thelease exOAiD9 at Christmas.-The Trtutees of the lats Mr. Woollatt. 28, Wart5Mrstredt, Soho, Londou, wishiug to avoid a sale by auction, are dotermlneO to SELL the vwhole o' tht, STOCK, at a very great teetimon. It consists of cabinets, tables, and other objeats in buhl anod masrque teIon, grouPs,ves,and= figures in bmoozestatuary marble figures, f'vres Dreaden and osientel chins, stained glees windows, and a variety other ob eoct: Also a small nud chobce collection of ancient paintna. It being absolutely necessary to selU the stock prior to (hrlitmas ne.xL Every article has been COnscdefably reduced In prioe. The whole ac" nowd tInred in plain figures. BILLIARDS. - To Hotel and Tavern Keepers.- B WANTED.to RENT alq),)Nl, 5crttIeabove purpose. The ad. ventLear will putuanew table sod 'rti-~.gs omplete. Address, post paid. wo W. Torer, rare of Gd, WVebb, hilsd teble maker, 39, ActonArcet., (lray's-isqi-road, Lqndou. TABTINGS and ST. LEBONARD'. In TWO H AaOl0 S~b the Timbridge.welsLinue. 3For deitils. Cf "M.le .1 t-im werx etables RAMSA!iE acd MRGATEH.-TURRE: OWEAWP EXPRESS TRtAIN eeym weekz day by BStuth-Esabysi Railway, (.5am first clAss onl,). 12.35. and 3.30 P.m.; also.a chesep axc-'alon train everY Slaturdiay ereanle, Sunday and a...namonns IFor P sctlculsar se penn, Tirme-book. O%KUTH-KA8TJ,RN RAILWAY_-Octoer -Service. S) -Th Laet Monta ot the Season lar the Excurgion TrAain, P EXCUfLSIONS everY Sunday for DOVER, Fulkestone, Caferbr y. Blt]1) Aleabott Margaw Hastings, Timbrldge'wsil Docking (fo Bo-hll) Ai btt am, (rave'end do. Three Chesap fbet Traslls to Raleato, Vdargate, &o., aversa i addition to the ordinaryv trains., I A. Cheap Trabin every Saturday evening (returning on Monday morn. ing) to the se&a-sde stations. A. Cheap Thlrd-ClaAB Elcursion from Brekldayers' Arms evey MonSday morning to Itamsgate, Margte, Dover. and Folkestone. and baek, FarcSs. t5d. t.. W. E-BORAMLL Generatl htnager. Lendon.bridge Termiauus, Oct., 1157. EAS~TERNTCOUNTIES RAILWAY.-_EHegi bl p.TeDlrect~rvs of the Easter Counties Railway Corn. pan ae pjiare t reeie TFIONERS for tho OOI2UPAROY by the sea ofthenely-recedSHOtPS, at the front entrance gates to the lisbosgar Staibo,ec~et to three months niotice, to qnit at any perod f he ear Tndes,which must specidy Lhe business to be cariedon,scaed p,and adressed to the Soczetary, sad rarked "Tener fc Sop.".ceto be lodgted a' t.his officsenr or before Wednes. day th 28h Otobr istat.N. Bi. The Directnrs do not bind themselvs t accpt he hghet orany trader. II,rdrlr J. B. OWEN, Secretoy. Seccetary's Ofa ice. 16sovgt tato,Orabr18,57a. UNDN ndNORTHI.WESTERN RAILW-Ay, Trsins from London. Train, fom Manchester. Leave the Arrive at Arrive at Boston Sttion. Mlanchester. "eae Boston Station, 8.15. a,m, .. 11.40 am. 11lanchoeler. London. 9 0 .. L4 P.m" 4.24askm. 11 0 a.m. 55650 2.35 ' . 0 ,, . BSp.m. 0.15 *'.LO ,, 100, .. 145, 10.0 a , * 4.20 , 9230 ,.S .45, 120neon 9.0 ,, 1.8, , 430. 2.15 7. ~~~~~*11.15. 5. 0 , . 9.40 ,. 12.( ncoon .0 51,5 ,. . 41.5 am. 1.0pm . 1.20 5.16 , . 10.45 istOlass 10.24 ,, , 4.0 m' Snndayo. 1~~(5.20 .m~ *8. 0 a.m. .. 6.40 p.. 4.24 a.m. I1L 0 a.W. 150 . . 450 , '.29 ,6lS.n ,, } 2.45n.m. ~10.24 p.m. (l3D am. I,5.20 am. I?sas by all trains-3L., Ist clss le, Id clam ;and 18.. Sd., Sd clams by train marked ., Care must be taken at Mlanchester to ask for licket& vii the london andI Noeth-Westorn Railway Trains until fosther notice will, leave Entuta-sqoaye 3ltation every Mionday, Wedneeday, Thursday, and Saturday, at 115.~4b am., for Manchester and Stockport, and Manchester and Steckoort on thesa'me dare at 11 a., for Eturt(n.tcusre by which tickets wil be issued at ils. first 'Cl'ass and lIe. 6d. cloeda carriages, available for return by trains on the Monday, Wedneeday, Thursday. or Saturday nextfolowig te dte o isue~endticetsavailable tor 25 days will - be ssud b th eae tain, ad b th 0 .m.and 5 p.m. daily froma Eastn Satin orthe10 .m. nd .15and5.15 p.m. trains from Mancestr dily ecrnlg b th sae tain within 28 days of the EustnSttlot,,Manheser,at5s. d. irs clss,and7s.6d. ecoond Tickets at the above faces cM he obtained at the Rurton Station; and at Swan-with-Twn.Neeks, Greathanr-areet; Universal office, 98, Bo0rour 65 Aldgste. Bolt-bi-Tun, 54, Fleet-street; George and Blue 269, High Holborn ; Golden Cross, Charing-crows; poread Ragie, Graccchurch-street;, Spread Eagle, R at-etrcus, Piece. dilly; Thriversal oflios, 833 Urgoncreus, Ficadily Old White Home Cella 155, Piccadilly; Green Mnand Still 615, Oxford. street;I Wh1ie Horlse. 90, Fetter-lane ; or at Ox. Msrcus's ofloe, Orosby.haill.haasbems ihprt.tet Foe further Particulars see the time tebles of the Company and the excurson hand-bills. yod. Easton Station., Oct. 17. 1857.y ( ETNORTHERN RAILWAY.-.LOXD~OL ~.X (ling'e.crosa Station) and MFANCHETE Rt. Trains from London (Klne&scrosa Trains from Manchester (Iondon. station). coad tStation). Leave, ArrivaL. Leave, Arrival, 6.3 tnnl 5 5a. 4.15 p.M. '7.330 ,, t .26 P.m. M9.155 ,'* 4. 0 9.10m ,9.85 3.5 I 9. 0, 10, '1130, 5. 0, IL 0 5~.50 L.4dir.m. 0.10M L45 pm. 10.50 6. 0 lo 1. 0 5.0,, ~~~10. 0, 8.10 BAS , 22a.. .3 S.lOari Sundams Leave. Arrive, i TLave Arival. 11.7- 955, 2.55 5. 2p.m. 1o.0. 0 ,P.9pM. 10. 0 31ars.-nei. flrs4 clam ss21. second class, by all trains; and 1.5.. Sd third, dlam, by trains marked'-. Oar mnust be taken at Manchester to ask for ticket. via the Great Northern route. Trains, until turthebr notice, will leave KIn'scross Station ever Mondy, Wdnesay Tursdy, ad Saturday. at 10.40 am., for Manoeetr; nd ,iachster onthe same days, at 11.0 amr. for in~s~oe by hic ticetswill be issued, j.t 21s. first. clas, nd b. ri.cloedcarriages, available for return by trains on the onda, Wenesay, Thursday, or Saturday next following the dat ofisse; nd ickts,available for 28 days, will be tsuned by the sametraIs, ad bythe a.m.and 5 p.m. trains from Kin scvesaiy, andby he .65a.m ad 5 P.m. trains from M4anchester daily; return. Ingby he ametranswithin 28 days otth date of Issue. Fares 37e, Ticet ac Isue b te cmeTransonMondays We-dnesdays Thurdays andSatuday, an on he smeoonditions, to and from Aabon,Staeyrlde. uld.bidg, Dntig.and King's.cross. Dayticets avilale orSevn dys.areIssedby any train from second class, ~ ~ ~ ~ mwN nd37. d Tc ets u the above levee can be obtained at the King'scroci Station, and (for Manchester only), at the Gret Nor+bern rece'Iving offices, Bull and Mouth, St. Marthin's-le-Grand; 16, Flalh-etreat-hiil. 164 Holborn; 32 Regent's-romss Piccadilly; 62 and a3 Bridgeroad', Labt;2%, iltrand; IS, Cha-log-crose; 27 King-sret Creeps rde, 151. Oxford-sztret-George Inn, Rorough: ~ anild44, rutcbedrir Xor farther patclars see the Time Tables of the Company, and the excursion handbills. Ly ordes. aKis's-crosa Stition, Oct. 16,18117. 1)ADRAILWAY,-Tedenfor Stores.- M%Te D:rectoms of the Midland Railway Company arn pmo. pared to teeleveTENDER-1 for the SiUPPLY ot the andermentionsd STORM for onie year, iroiu January I to December 31,18118, viz.: L. Coals.-HouBe, furnae, smithy, and gas. 2. Icon.-Tires, axles. sheets, uses, bar, plate, &c. 3. Copper, Brass, and Tin.-Copper Ingute, rodis, sheets, pipes, Ie.: bcass, sheets, tubes. colder. &o. ; tin, block and plates. 4. Steel, &z.-Ca3t, shear. blister, and spring ; files, saw blades, &c. 5. Wheels.-.Wroughtiroica entres fur engines, tenders, carriages, aed wagoags. 8, Iron Work.-Boits, nuts, washers, nails, tacks, screws, vices, hamnmer, chains, hocks, screwocouplings, do. 7. Iron CssAlngs.-For locomotive, carriage, and other purposes axle boxes, Sc 5. Ironmongery.-Locks, hinges, fenders fire-irons, shovels, buckler, do. 9. Itns-rie syrhons. cooks, union joints, do.; carriage handles, hinges, ft. ; lamps, lamp time, burners, reflectors; gas, &o, 10. Glass-Plate, crown roof-lamnp, gauge glasses, chimneys, do. 11. Cloth.-Cords and woollenis, for clothing. carriage cloth and curtain stud. duck, calico, do. 12. Cordage.-Rome twine, hemp. epun yarn, canvass, do. 18. Leather.-Entts, hides, morocone, chamois, &c 14. Carriage Trinmmlngs.-Lecne, tufts, hat cord, carpets, horcehair, 15. ScWaitngs&. Sepn, bannister, scrubbling, damping, mops, door 18.Cok Skps..Scttes, paper baskets, buckets, do 17. Timer.-.Oa . em,ah, mahogany, pine, deals, buffer and break blocs, cotces,bumer haftta, febce posts and rails, Sc. 18.ChirHes, evPeranntWay. 19.Dryalery- Ol,tallow, reap, candies, turpentine, point, varnish, whit led, ry olors,sponge, fo0 signals, do, 21. ast, &O-Cotonwaste, lamp wick do,. Thepaters illbeready for Inspection at the General Stores Departent,Derb, onandaft-er Monday, the 26th October. and for-Ms of tener ay e hd o ed after the came date en appileatton totsg Mad totr etfr tDrby. care being taken to give referenes to thenmeofteshulreurd Theteners adresed o te Sccearyof the General Stores Com-. mte,Mi' led Rnlay,Dry n edr'sed Tender for Stores, mutt se ent so as to b receivdntlae hn 0.. on Saturday' the Ilth November next, and mutbmaeotnth farma supplie for that purpose. Tlhe DlzesoWrr do not bind themEelvea to except the lowest or any tendey. By order, G. N. BROWNA, Secretary, -Derby, October, 1157. .LYJThe isetorsat te Mdlan Raiwayare prepared to receive Semzetary's omno, 6* orer G. N. BROWNE, secretary. rpELE HIiTAand GRMANY.TKe -hortestt and Thrughtransin onjnctonwit thseof the Coloqne-Kindro Yurlce paticlar fowared.pos fre,on application to tin Compny'sLondn agnt, r. Jhn C Janon,61, Grecochucona. W~EST LADERS RAILWAYS, 61, Moort~e Tv street, Londoni-Notice lb' hereb gve., that the TWEVtYFOIJIITH HLF.YERLY GNERAI' METING of the Proprt-- ne xt, at 1o'lock precitseyan at the Sieme o Ithes Company, tlace e laoptation Df 15,rs No.0 Beages, onednesay,lte bimthak Dayrofinovhem bernext,aletin1 o'clock pobiselydo the geeraltc sbusiess oit the SCam.- taryofathed thismphady of Ocatotndasber, r 1857. etz By Ast. 40t 1 thed St it s o herCopay iv,thiarqure th at eveN ry FOURTH HALP,YEi LYGBE.-M L IMEETING of the Pro- pretors In this umdert .kn wl be held at the officesot the Comoay, 810.061, Moorgate-atreet, Ladoo, on Tuesday, the 10th day of Noveam. her next at -o'clockpreciely, and at the Silge of the Company, Jardner'lenWaiouc, lgumo Friay,tae20th day of November Andnotce n aa hreb elen,tha attIeconlusonof the above Meeinga Secil Gneal etog illbeisld at te same place, to tak ino cnsieraionan cofir, I aprovd,an agreement enteored Railay Cmpanes, or tre jint orkig ofthe the le,adother WIL P. IHRS President, H.CHBE Sertay By te Satuts o theComanyit is required that to enable the holdrs f shresto Bearer" to takl' patIn the General Meeting, such shares must he deposited with the eretary ot the Company at leest 10 d&ay before such Mfeetinz. C'OPIA~PO and OALDISiaA tA ILWAY.-Notice "Jis hersby given that the QUARTERLY DIVIDEND of s-, per cent, declared in Coplapooc, the 4th july, wlll be I?AYA13LE at tire Benkl,g-hOuss Of Messr Williams, Deao~n, and Co. to theh"ideres of the shares registered in Eugiaud us and aarse Thiirsd.ay.224 October, By ordar, EDWARD J. CrUL EL GUstCo Of RegiS~ry rand Transfer, 2, New Broad-street. (IOPIAP EXTE`ION RAI-LWAY ~COMPA~NY. -Ate MEBTINGaftheSRIAREEgOLDRR held at2, Broad. Btbact, on Frtdla thelOnh dayOooser 1857. JO±iNI5ABOUCHREl, lt.s., in the Chair, The Directors having reported that a satisfactory cocoassion bad been Obtained from the Government of Chilie, and that owing to the measure taken by Mr. Wheelwright, the works on the line were in ra Id progesc: twasresolvednruseimon'ly. That this meeting approves theconree Persuedhby the Directors, and authorizes them to take -immeditate mesa. mmne for the proosnition of the works,to apply the deposit towards that obJect,and tecal for such fuirther sums of maoney as masy be requiredi to complete thei line at the earliest Period. That the thanks of this Meeting b)e given to Mr. Edwardsi for the valuable a.'slstenos In procuing the conecalon, *nd promoting the bca fth opany in Chile ob4t the thask of this hTeetlucr are due to Mr. Wheelwright, for the energetic measurses taken by him to expedite the early compleetioat of fthe works, JOHN LABOUCHIeRE, Chairman, That the thanks ol this Meeting be'gl'vea tothe Chairman,and Diree. tori for the able manner in which they have condutted tuo affatrs of th2.maY EDWARD J. COLE, Secretary. VIOPIAPO EXTEN SION IAILAWAY COMPANX' %J-Notice Is Lerebyives, that 12 month's INTEBEST,lat 6 tper cent. sur nnu, will be LAVASiLi on the deoposit of £2 per share on an-t ale onda. the 2d of Novemaber next, at the office of the Company, N f2 ew lread-atrost. The6 scrip muss belitt at the ofitro. anud the necessary form of aDVIi. cation. for the interest filld up. three clear days before the same can, be paid. BY order of the Doretoi,rs London, Oct. 11'. 117. EDWARD J. COLE Seertasy. a 0 TRAVELLERS to the__UNITED pTATES,- A1 LETI2ESS of CREDIT Cicular Nots,ad Drafi of Europsan Banker C.&SREI by t. K. AW1FT, ShtR i.and JOiS.N -d brankers. Ohicaco, Elilesol. Uni tid ctrate \0 WHIP MNU~FA C TU RE~RS -Tel axja 'I Lathe Copany(Liited) Is prepared to SUPPLY the trade with SEAMLESS LBA.THER WHIP HA-NDLES. hManuUOaosr., McIea'g~nldIns,New-etreet-esuaze, Fettez-Lan. EQUITABLE ME OFFICr, Cannon-streeL .PftanmD in 1855, £52.813 ls, 1W.seRAY pROT15tTOR ENDOWIET LO and AN. _OO AMP6ET 34,Xo In-tret, Uheapelde, London, JOlflW ElADNETLL, Manaer. 9 T. GEORG}E ASSURNCuE COs!PA 118, rer.y d'eSlption ot if aeuJraLooe on the mlOst favourable terms. Loan on rcaorpena-al security, re-psfable by monthly or quarterly pisnatlonto DC HA R Se2retary ult1TV311 :0MPjE MIJTE LIFE AHSU By oDder ot the Sosrd, 3&3AfS INOLsh, Se UT~AVELLJECS and MARINE INSURACE ulR tRe wishels,ofI e an are newdproerored t gch PdtiOesmybe maadint partial doialement Chief Offles, 42 nd IBANplu COBHdon , egistras. ARG(}US -IFE ASSILAIWE COhINEP,3AN 9 Subscoedptl£300 oo'°; Incomue 82000 per annum,* Low r aates of premium,t ith or whtthout profits g~~~~~~~~o whol-lie policies Claispai onemnhatr proof o deahp ha been admitted. Medca atedatsreunraedfor the rOepots. ngtr Cemedicalfooe s 4 atnd every.day t a cuarter before 2o'elo A _ __ ntrEe BAnk. RdentDirector AcmmUWfun NO S uRA2m E and ANNrum. f I R1b2d ucribte XCela £240000. owte orery, o Aretearbonus,arg from . Eo 50pe tet o heemus, rheevd n ther hatlu mneuexmin perod h Hns f OrenOdeclaredio alloweediil cs on wholo ch thrJee analpc r et,ore apime to t, don of utureope . Evey dectdon er lmeon=aranc,both onsthbe bons adnmt on. b 2onu :1system t effectedonfavotra hohble terms. Tableorat es and fur. EnThsnc modth b oBob 2tind saert dthe . o atoe befe 2dooroe CLERGYElTUAL AFSSURANCE &SOCIEOTY. b1isb0din1826. Susrbdapits.19,0 ODO Tanit 1c OA,cbl5Opn CINEElR and,L YORR do ond Ic ter he Deano Weete~lnale, and the Achdeacostof % andatone C llergyen of Sof CDhutrch of t~la~andthe wie of clergimen, andthe ofrelationsmof lergmen. o ee ofclergymen,wllof whnomar quplfeon mk surne pnlf n hsScey r .prospectusmetingfort t rdue and the sndeal condiions efered tosnagbe ha y plilo ttheofce. JOtu HOGIIO, MA., Secrtary. Entrance tothe ofce, 2, road Sanctuary, eeto the wes^t door of We Iminster Abbey.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~te PROFESSONAL LFE ASSRANCE- CO-M- ODDasY.of otc ofpl RemovaL-Aoftie isRhereby gien that the DHEF OFFIChaiof thIisCmAnywl bE 5 Wall.NGTO . S,0 PW, aEtq. the athuInro.san WiNTEf , et nager and Secreta3n. AlR FSS O AL LSSIJRE oSURANC E Cuty. irOnSiC&, A57,E bUHLdt Req.y cmo, , BtDheputyOhairmn, 1 fl. W- LNGO |OOe; R, eq Wi| ah numrou and lh nf luenoftiaPropre,tary.te btg a Ratea of premium extremely m iderate. Notrchreforigt,o reidingat(in time o tea), Anaraia Renormu , ade, ncp of foodrmope, oAurl s and the w k e n t( u :r e-~~rpod British North American selonlee. Merditcl men Intllcae ye reurad fo their report WDliberOald' comisIo allwe to 3 a Oet n Pr ospectuses, WithStablllaandsfullust formation, may be haxd at the offies fthe Company, o.88ter ayOf.thei agent,, BaAppllcatls for aeogenle reqested.C (5. WINTERI. Manager and Secrtary, tEtAt GR estoADe T50us l n Head M.atthew Maea, eq. W1lam SmeJ, Req. Stepheat Olding,Ecrl.WUh , a be ffected without loss of time, formalities being oarled truha the offic-e every day, from 10 to 4- Saturdayslt to 2; medical offic,r daily at IL The Board asacmifei on Thursdase at half.paet MP.,17 lehl..5 Louan may be obtained in noonexion withgpiclces effected with the Company. There has beeni advanced, in reepect, upwards £200,000 since July, 134845,. on BD Annual Ruceportsq, pcetctnses,nd otheors oVein aplcaio Activel andi inlenta pesns will e apointiedgent0"soni soent ared, rWooN JhA F. VtAtrBE1, Acetuay ndSecrtay or-GrL M PREEMOSHIMT ..F1. M,P Cbalxmao J=FREDEK.NUGXNT D A,e a rleut.-General Edward Wyyr,CB Archbald Hair, eq., ROD e Guards William Charcl. REq., tay t sKor William Lance, Ooya mnleer 6 rAeut.-Gener Taylor,C. as d o Bewoes Wllbraham Talor Req. - ut-Cl .e SotiebIT, C.E., E.LL.S, Rdoar-Admiral Sir George1ollock~ G.OAB Rear-Adamiral Sitr George R. Lambes% K,C,B. Assuranoes are granted m eo the iive of on e r and station of life, nd ar extended to tropicl anod ontherre- 1rcldomn Conditions more vourable (especia to the navy and army) tha metofor bndee hav ben cable, 13, Waterloo.plao% oundoiL PH,~ A.SSURANCE ISOMBET_X? 3, W Tliamenwtscet, London Instituted A.D. 1&12. DXRZOZORS . Hremy FdgeworthBrckuen, Req., 2 U Bedford.place, Russelj-sq, James Chadwick, Esq., Grosvenorwharf, Millbank Thomas Som,er Cocs Jun al Req. Crg-obrss geoe Heny rew, orrbedaonb r London-bmrldge W. R. S. Vesey FitzCM d.e.hP17. W tehall-place Wliam Freoman, . Uftil bSnR C.ee We etmUste i Francis lres Req AbtigdosTrfeetk W Ita t JosephHermy yAq- M-orhousNU per ~'1Ootlng Bcurr" sThowGiveagefiEsEwauiorlo-pairk DortMa Edmund Lucas, Rgeq., Millbbenk-etreet, W=~U7t FredrickoydMarsn, Rq. runsick-lac. hrengent-pac Auguatin RbIsont q. 6?i C bmaton-suae, imin h ach ,oron J0ohn ayWituen, Req. lklndead Kentm;e BOilcltOrs-msarra. Lethhradg and Mactrail, Abinadon-streot. West- A WLuayyF.A .oe lI , A,, Y.R,A.S. 3Ever varit fpoiisgane nay namber of lives, and is any smount. AtTention Is als Invited to ths rates ot annuity granted to old live,, for whic armple security ie provided by the caDitl of the Society Example :-£lOOcash paiddown purchases- Anannuit ofai'A0 to a aielife asd C0O 1n 31 th 651 Payable s lcg ,, 141la S 70 ashe Isiagie. ,re e naen181110 a 75) Loans are granted in ceunnexion with liffe masranec Avpplcations for arencies are invited, RAONY,-Te REL and PERSONAL A.DTOV.VAC OMPANY(Limiteod --In rated by, Act of Ir ilamet.-Thly Comipany ADVANUEd LO A aI by n ments, rom £0upwwrds, uponfreehold orleeesi7d'5 lo byistl of deeds, leases, o., hills of sale, or apDrovedrs csOna1itdpos Apply at 4, Bcaufort-buildklgs, Stand Office hours I tIl 5 daily, and on Thurasda eyenings from 6 tiu S. ROBERT SANDERS Searetasry. CIAPITAL £20,OO-LASGRANTE .wit~hout lis ssrace y heMUUA LA FUND ASS6ITIos (Inororaed185),ondepsi ofdeds.bilsof sale, and persoal secriy, oran~peledno exeeingthee er, and repaable by sal, o, te avacebengmdeoIn-fohe aL chGArgsStated I h form evepropsl,yob obf ie grat isg at theestffices,.4 Gpwrea t Ru0sell stet boentgren rerowared. onreakaeiptlyf aeplaoed ehloe DLATE.GLASD INSURANCE MesabKlshDed t852, Active agenits wanted. Mngn ietr HE GBNERAL REVE1RSIONFJaY and IN. T YESTMNT COMANY. o51cc,f 5, Whitehall, London,S.W. le'tablinied13) Further empowered by sapecia Act of Parliament, i4wnd15Vic.,cap. 130. CapItal £10006. Tlhe business of thisa Company coniate In the puvobave of, or loans upon, reveraionaryintereetit, vested or contingent, In landed or funded Property, or securities; also life interests in possession, ias well a in expsctation: ansd policies of assurance upon liver. Prospecturs and foyrms of proposals may be obtained from the Secretary, to whom all communications shouild be addrmesL, Wilt. BARWICK HODGEA Actuary and Secretary. TONON ENEAL MNIUS OMPANY.- ,L.JNotce i heeby ive, in m onsequemes of tbe number of shaesdeosiedpror o heGn6RAL MiETING, advertlsed for the20h ist, nt eprsetig the amount of capital required by the Staute torener uchMoeetig legal-viz., one quarter or 60 tOO shares-uch Meeingll, in conformity~ withi the sMaid tatutea: be ADJOURN)ito~se~y~510th day of November next, toThoe thenheldat he Lndo Tavun,at the hour of 1 doclock Int the after- N..The adjournmaent of the Meeting will not affect the payment of the diied,wihwill take place as alreay announced. The crsoamilon to the origina Meeting will be available for the aijouumnt MACNAAXRA, P. CARTEECET, and WILLING, 06rants. Oftiese 1, SK trand,Ocot. 17,1857. ('IENERA MINING SSOCLTo~N..No~t ais ~heebysien,tht an EXTRAORDINARtY GENiERAL MEErIPlGOtheShreehlders in this As-ociatIon will be held at this office, on Thrsda the5thLay of November, lb57, at I o'clock In the after. nee prclsiy,forthepurpcoe of 3receiving a rePort from the Diretots enthearangem nimade by them with Her Majesty'sl Government, theProincal ovenment et Nova ScWioa. and the representatlved of His ate oyalHigeess the Duke of York, for surrendering the presnt nd acepinga new lease of mines ln'Nova Scotia.,Hand of givig te ncesaryconsent thereto, and salo of cons!dering s"d decidng uon te exediny of increasing the c~loltal of the socioation, and.i emdepdet itkn h necessary momeasue for Increaigtetm,I codnewt h pmroisins of the deed of settleet yore fte or lDirectoLs__. Ofrice of the Gen ~ J. B. FOJORD, Becretary, Ofe fth t Genera Mining AssocIatiOn, 82, Old Broad- sre,London,, Oct. 12, 1817. ~ ETHERLA1DS LAND ENCLOSURE. COMA-. j'~ ANY-No~c~Is hereby given. that an EXTRAORDINARY GENERALMEETiNGOf the lhahreholders in this Company wili ce heldat he Lndo taerm 'Biehopsgato-strmet, London, on friday, the th ay f Noembr,at 1 o'clockc precisely, for the purpose of,considrin th fancalposition of the CompDany, and of pvislng such realuton inreerecethereto, and to the raising the neceessrycpital forthegenra puposs f the ComIpny, as such Meeting may determine; an also fo tepurpose Of authorizting the C0aouni of Adminstrtio tosoI ormotgage the reclaimned &Lads of the Company, at sch eOlde nd n sch annr a th sid Council of ALdministrationmaythik ft; nd lsofor he urose f athoizig a, modulustionf te satues o th Coipay, te trmsof nlcwriai Wlbe de. A1stborpbicnds V-an eet tAsedmnd at thoge Company'sfaw 2, Mborgate.ctreek. London. ~[1 HE ANDS IPIROEMEN COMPANX, 2, OldPaaceyad,Wes wtminte, S,W.-To landowners the lery, oliitrs,RelteAgets, Surveyors 1x.-The Company is Incrpratd y SecalAcot of Prliment for England, Wales, and Scotlad, Undr the )ompany Acts tenant, for life, trustees mortra8eesuPoeesslon inc fsbent lviefbodiescortcsate, oertain ~~aeoor~~eria wewMnom w toW care en inbertoe The Copay tr dvncdzbted lanpdowneraOct of h aisown f Ands. Temb Clompany adane&mong eyulsimie ng Paontin forworks oid en~ton o lbswurk, wh~h re sonfole Onlyctc byth tco thue TheImpoveens athoirDcmsireetoalr, % I lrlgatlowarpinto Improing andbuilings or fnrm urpoes,Ue farom-ras, LON{DON and WESTlINSTER BANKL.LNtbchesby iTe, tat he &TEof NTElKT.fI' allowed to DepsiorsInthI Bns:Ij amune o £00and upwards, I thIs d*y RAi eDfm t7pr xnt., I:ntifurer notice. i October19 1857. J. W.GILll&RTGeneral Manawer. Ps q London: Est D blUedIW.-DeMtg frm AS uwardsber lDteroot at A& Du cent m a mn.withrawale n nner 100 ou demnd. Cement accounts map be opU.4 free df sila-ge, and Without reMuir s at ou resoible guannte9c. .QOUTH. Aug ~ . . ELE,Mas~r CLOJSS. AJ8RT RA2NllING COM PANY. anSsn or co Ever deetlptluofAnking buinsee Is conducted direct wltb Wales, And also with the other Auasalla Coloni|esl, throug thCorn~ ~ (~RIETA.LBAN . CORPORiiATION, Incorpo~ratA~oyl Chrter-Pad-up capita £1500,000: reserve una Corpoelbtratonant drafts and negowtate or colet bs aYal rle tllmly act ColombD;H longkong, Aladras, Mauritlits, Melbou , e, in Sydn. on terms which ma y be asertained antheir They also inen circular nots and lettes of credIt for the use of t haelrsb ie overland route, They mudertake the agency of pares onet with in pursbaso and saleof dia securities,Id the safe cnaody ofnod l Uovernmeint, ap thereciptof nkrst,divdews, ay,pensonos, Ao., and Oal effetin of remittances between the above-named dependencies. The rate of interen at present allowed on d"post of £100D and up. ward, repau bl yn e peter oent., at monthe' notl 5 necent, and 12 onths' notice 5a pwe net Offcilursfrom 10 a. to 3sla. and on aturnlray from lO to 2. Tbzednedle-trot~ lDndn, ay18,1657. TR 1NRATE of INTE ST. e Bak ofk hayng hisdayadvnce th rte of disount, the Directors of the DEPOSIT and DISOCUET BANK are prepared to II, CaunouSatreet wes Oct. it, 1857. DISCO~UNT ~COMPANWY iT CUmiet}ofDed). 72, Icbolm , Lormbard-street, ROL-The Dirctors wllproceed to ALLOT the HArE of the Eigh Court on 1!turds the 2COh inet It Is tLhrefore uecsa or th alpp dis bY. s 1et m i beor s o'lock en that day. hIN oftheECARE- Ctoc OMCPANY GIt Elmttedh, 49. 3erners-deiet, LXondodu 4, Colqnitt-stroe, llvtrpool, anda 4, Paraidte street BirmIngbhai, for the supply of Pure ard 7 n ad-lteated drugs. very pba_maceutcal and eynmical roeparation teste and analyzed as to strengt and purity befora Wrng-ftpLoWe or Issued, M_edcineehetel o e er kinod, pesaintion,s & he AU ommntcatLions and remtttanDes to be made Inluture to HeaVo di Home, General Manager, 49, o , erneesot-Soet Lodn,d. sUBMARINE TELEQRA~PH COM1'PAN-Y,-. Oi 3 of 3tPOR=TUGiyESE ThLGRAPHS.-The ohief town s inPo tugal Areunow open for telegraph meeoages, Lisbon-iS words ISa. 6d., and 6s. each addiional five words Oporto-it wordlerlr,o and 6e, 6d. each additional fire words. Addren s of 6, nreeiver tree up to five words. hIf iers inLond on--Sirow grOcs0riohill' 43 Regent-niccirs, Pircadilyo 82 Mark-ae-, Mr formorincIg-l ; Lloyd's; 2,ohnoery-lane, &rc, e diesge errreled at fal the chlel towns Irene Enhamd reand, and Scotand,at te oficesof the BrItifh aand lrih Mgnetic Telegraph Company. LG . COUTENAY Secretary. A0 Corrhilt, London, Oct 14, 1857. f79 C- UtoRSSUUA NT to loDee of cthe Hsrienh rt o L Chancery.n ad rina cau'se Thompen v.Davisont, ttehCREDITORStlifWILLIAM MODSLEY of LiryrpooL.in the county of Lancaser, merchant (who died in or about the month of Apr;i, 1815), ar by theiqir solicItors, on o befo the30thndivatof October, 1857. to come In nd rov thir ebt orclams t te cambrsof the UMater of the therof~the Rols-ard Chncey-lno,Midlesex ;or, In defAult ll ernpor exclUded fenerom y elNWtomthe benefit of the sad hniatn upon fthecaOTlorsmoceatedthI ms.2t a BofrdJuly, ar1m?. MOSS lad, HIOXIN, 1 elst'ln le-tot London, Agents frJtp ee,Suhcl Cheshi're, PlaintifFSrietr of BANKRUPTCYfor ~the L EED S a,the 21st of Octobor, at the Puct Indta Sale Room, Leds whre he ood nw remain for inection from 10 till 4 dil, 00 lessofWOOLNCLOTHES, in piltst, beavers, wit. ney, ssleins moairfiushbnge, printed tweeds. Br. ; 1,693 raiwAy, traellng,andhom ruS, in fawn and brown woollen plaids, super and axi-a upe moairrus, In fancy oiournand reTersiblee. All tenders muste set t or eftat the offices of Henry Phillipsi Hope, Req., theoffcia asIgee,1,South-parade Leeds, or to the auctioaeeir, on us befoe Wdneday h 21s daiy of (5ctober inst, at tO Jn the morning, on wiich dy t1 at noont, the tedese wil bo opened, and the purchaser delEd a lechansHtel, Blhopaesate-street .aeasadJohn Wdwrh utoer TN te M tte ofthe JontSokCr ni' AcbL 181 an 187.ndInx tile Malrof the HO ElfOL tt~lMEBEBI)and NLOTItCOMIPANY fLmiei-oeeI herhygien.tht PEITONfor tile WIDIN-Pofteb-r named OMPANYwee,on tile 14th day ofOcoe,15,rectdt theCout o Bnlrnpty,In London, andthtscpetonasbn allttd t ad wllbe eadby EdwardHooy,e,,ccfth ComIssones f tesidCourt, on Thursday the2tdaocNem bezSS? as11of he 'clckin the forenoon,and ans esndeiost opposete maLking of an order absolute for the wntgn ftesI Company, under the raid Act, ishould appesart thetm fhaigb himself or kis counsel for that purps,ad cp ftepeiinwl he furnIshed to any oontributor of tesi opn requiigthe same, on payment of the regulated chrePoytetm. JONN. WEYMOUTH 13 lfodsin ilitor for the IN omaterof LETTER1S PATE`NTgrn eunit_oo iAnU M&CRe i nnr of BirmDingham. lthe county of Warwck, nd EORAE LLAbKRICHEMOND, artit, also o Bkongtin,in hesame county, for an Invention of "1Certan Improvements in producIng orr'amental designs on the rurface of fancy and other goode mnade of paplier macb(d wood. glass, chIna, earthenware tin, iron, or other such like ma.terials, the surfaces of will. h. when made no, are0 USUally finised hbg stalnins, vrnsing.painting or Japanning," bearing date the Sd ay of Noyember, ii8,no& h hereby given that MacttIn Billin, of Birmingham aforesadl, stationer, assignee of thre above recited letters ratent, haa applied to the Solicitor General for leave to file a disclImer of certain paris of thespecflatioa to the sad lettersapatent-Dated this 1th day ofOctober, 18517. JA3ME MURDOC.E, Agent to tile Pettioner, 7. Stapl iunn L-ondon. CIOURT for RELIEF of INSOLVN ETRS. U, -!ina oiderwill be made in the mleeu h olwn persons, ptitioners for protection from prcs,a h or Ous f the said Court. In Portugalsreet,Lnln-n,ulescuehsow to the con3trar, an follows:-- On Tuesday, the 3d Noyecw~bar, at Il o'clock precisel, before Mr. Coum- :aeiscioer PhIlps John Cooper, of 22, Great Charlotte-stret, Blaakfrlaers4oad, Surre, upholstere, bedine manufacturer, and furnitur dealer. Alfred Burton, late of, 5.canal- p blteht now lodglngwiththbsrfether. Samuel Burton, at Barton-place, Pec-kilam, both In Surre, watch and Jobbing clockmaker, prviously thereto of Barton-place aforesaid, carrying en business wi th his father- under the style of Burton and son, of Barton-plac aforeFsaid,as watch and clook maker, and before then living at ar. W%tsou's, King-street, CheaDetde, in the city of LDndon, As a journeyman watchmagker. Lewis Norden, formerly of 8, Palklaradetreet. Wolverhlampton, stai!orOskirs aior, draper and general dealer, then of New-street, New-road, Whitecbipel.roatl then of 2, Mfount-terrace, then of S. Somee Iseloe. New-road and then and now of 3, Mount-terrace, anlInWhtechaspel-road, Mddlesex, warehouseman to a clothier, at the last four places. Thomas DAY, of 9. New-road, St. George's in tile Est, Middlesex, working master ship joiner, Wfiliam BmIth, formerly of 16,Millmran's-row, Chelsea, thenL of 13, St. Mark's-terrace, Brompton both In 3Middiee,atbt ocoaslonally emloyed as cerk to thoVe tiaelet. Zt then of 118, Hgil-treet, Croydon, manager to a chymtst and druggist, then of North-end, Croydon, in no business, then of Aicairy-road. Camberwealt, occasionally employed as clerk and collector to the Vote by Balot Society, alto canvuasing for advertisementx for periodicals, then of Trafalgatr-stoe, Walworih, in no business, than of 5, Cottagegrove, Walwortil, then of Pomneroy-street, Old Kent-rooad then of Great Dover-street, Borough, eIllin.Surrey, ten of Pairfle'd-road, Bow, and new of Alma-1place, Park-row, Old Turd, both in Midalesex, attormey's clerk whilesf tile lastayeDplaces Thomas Wicks, of 16, SIdney-street, Somerstown, St. Pancrsa , Md.- Samelj Bean,la formel of 2 Mount-sftreet, Betilnal-green, then of 16,Manfied-sree, KngsantroA ,timber dealer, andcommrsie.n. aget fr is sle ndpurhasse, then of Willow-street, Frinusby, then of 3,Eadno-terrce, toke ewingon, ad thn and new of 2Z Muldmaysket,Bal's-on-rod,Isiugin,allInMiddlesex,coDmerlesln Danie Rumbli, frmryo7,adnwf 7 and 8. MornIng-lane. Bacene, Iddese, owkeeper, ika, armn pork butchtr, and eale inread dresedmeat, amn n ccsoal orsing a watr crt delerIngransand maiue adfamr Jon eslae heyongr,fomelyof Saeha armu,I tuthe ana OAllr omeseehle,farers asitan, nd owof Manor arm Hok ner lnsto-o.Tam s,urrym pr of the time a farmer, adnwOtO uies Jame Lvroefrmrly of 1, Queen Ohaelotte-rowr, Marylebone, tinpltwokrannw of 9. FrancLA-atreet, Chelsea, both in Middlesex, outobuies WilimDagley, of 14, Great Trinity-lane, in the city of London greengrocer and ooalddaer, On same day, atilO o'clock. before hMr. CommIssioner Murphy, John Simpson, forweriy of 3. Caroline Cottages. Berley-heathr, Kent, then of 6, Anan-stret, Plnumstead, at the same time renting stables at the Rail way Tavern, Plumftead, then of 8, Aun-eteet aforesaid, at Fame time renting at2bling at the Bell Inn Shooters'-hili then of Victoria Hones, Upper Villa-ried, Phumnta, and now;,f 6, Dead. mans-lne,Pluated,at ametim retig a yard end stables at Uppe Vilas-rad, lumeead,all n Ket, uaruanand contr4ator, ChalesHumhre, o 1,Sne's-iels, eacr and chandler then of grocer and teadealer, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ldleftx Predric Llsei, o 24 Chnie-steet Totenamoourt-road.MidJaes Wllliacn Hawkins, fOrmerly of I Arundel-gwroe. Back-road, Kingrland, then of 6. John'sa-t, rrace, Uao~-road, Kiugaland, then of 8CoDpenhagen-street, Caledonlan-roeAd,Ielngton), during the whole Pome pertl employed as a journeyman carpenter, anad partLy out of employ, then of 1, Rutland-terrace, Qtueen's roAd Holloway. lou-roesnm anrnsrester, then of 7, Bose-cottage, Johni-skreet, 'Upper Holloway, and then and now of 3, Roean Cottages, Franohice-eteet, Horosey. road, all in Middlesex, at the last two places partliv employed as a journeyman carpenter and part of the time out of employ, Jamas Damrn, formerly of 52, Myddelton-strbt,et and of 3), St. Johnstreet, for a short period in co-partrership with James Adams, as tinfoil manufacturers, under the firm of Adams and Dunn and now of 52, Myddolion-screet, all in Clorkenwell, Middlesex, during She whole period glove-closner. dour-plate anud genera engraver andprinter, William Todd, formerly of 9, Gray's-lan-terrace, Gray's-run-rood, bookbinder and statitrer, then of same place and trade, and of 8, Johnstreet, Oxford-street eating-house-keeperr end late end new of 9, Gray's-in-terrace alIn MIdudlesex,book-hinder and istatoner, a ndESbreNBroker, G. be PaOUCGHEE, -Stock LandfhaseBrokr, wlibeha pto direct the attention. of capitalIsts to tile sfatedand moet pro table securities in banking, railway, and mining shares for the emnployment of capital as. a permanent investment or for abort pterods -L.tit. Michael's-alley, tCoruhil, duringtile inter onthswill fnd av rt acommdtc at the WHITEHARTHOTE on oderte trms,Board and apartmtnts THE1 CRYSTA PAOAE HIOTELI, opp oitethe I Crystal Palace, Norroort-Every accommodation f)or familes, weddting parties, Ac If preferred, failUes and gentlemen boarded by the weet, Moderateharges, Proprietor THlOMIA MASTEIRS, ronfetioner, 188. Regent-aireet, and of the West Cliif Hfotel, Polklestne, ('UEEN' uOTEL, OD. a hill of gravel, near the 7Orr'Al Palace, Upper Norwod (not gydenham, unrivalled for beanuty o sitlation, and quiet. The basemnt of the hotel Jsona lerel with tbe cross of St. Panu's, Apartments in the wings en suite. Publl coffee rooms, wedding bre3kfast &c, kPbeniclau' recommend- Ing patients to the Queen's are reque6ted to give one day's notice. DUBLIO I OTICE,.-ThoBUN8SWItJJ( Il'l>oT k Jerm-trt St. James's, London.-Out of 3esson. greet i- Ructlon lcn clgh The Single Depatment omhbnes luxurlous cham bens, wisb fint-clas ooffee andprivate Mllard rooms; end the FP-ill, Denartment numerous mai and large Sules of WSs`tn All foreign languages spoken. Les ee, Mr.CxC ErGGHi S . rHE EXETER-HAL L HOTEBL, happily placed in I the entre of the West Strand, contignous to the park of St. Jaes-e, the Palace ofth*e Sovereign, the thea tres, and the nearest firstca hotel to the South-Western Railwa is one of toe must com pact hotels In the m netropols. Breakfats, Iv. 6 rt: dInner, 2s,: bed rooms, tk- drawilng room, includfing wax Sable, with beds-oemen suite, 7s Atiendanre,I, A night porter. A soft's-n wo'sf o tdoras a n d faiies, ( RYSTAL PALACE.--W inter Season atthe HOLLY JBUSH HOTEL. Reduoed lprice, from November l 1tto April1t: -Drawing rooms. ls, Gd. dper week; bed rooms the scne, incudting firs andlights Ther-i is a handsome coffee roomn for the use of single gutleme e. Tilehotelissituatethree minutes'Walkfrom the Crstl Palace, d-e from the station, and the Glps-bill tation its quite osle. Omnibuse dally.-HRNRY ?INCH, Proprietor, 1JtARLY FLOW ERS, adapted for blooming in-doors, and in the borders in winter and early spriugs-The o ndersigned beg rospeotfullyto Intimate to the nob Uit v eU I and the pnlrlthat thel bave Imported a STOCK of DUlv E an other FmWX BUILBS, of the finest Poeible quality, and tyke the tiberty of offering the foUowing aortment fOr lO, TizM :-Half a dozen best hyacInth for g tises, half a dozen good hyacithsz for=pt Ill crDouses (four rep sate colours), SOD lage double uoDwdro , ha3f doa double Van Thol umpe, half a dozen erly Van Thol tuls one doz. d oable white sweeet ented saciu , half a doe double Jonqusl,ls one dozen winter aconlte . 1 l2 Zadld mixed tulps one domen beautiful mixed doubte anemnea.-rdKEEand Co.. seedomen and fo,loit, 86, Higth-treet, Borough, about 3O doorsfrom London-dnbidge Railway Terminus. VOUR ilridow may be cleaned as often a you - pleaewitout bendangering the livs of Your tervaots,b chsigNIlt.hisPATENT SAFETywLDWOEr nowinvnton,whch,one kow, wllbe generally adopted. Prio from~4s, Wolealeandretil,of heDole azent and maater to the patanee, . K RAPPUS, rllecne mnufacturer and agent for N OTICE CONTATO-The Swe.Tr. INbour TTrSees roevmarlinoWooreTENDECR8 for the 00,Vi' STx`UrION`of rIDALNTRU&NOe, Dookb, IHalf411 eBau, Irter,; Railway Bridge, and elber Woek, In Bw*s Harbour, Ite ucdio DeepenDig the Entane Cbhaul to Sock Doc ,wdto ontrnuo. tico anid erecton of hydraulio maehlnerj for K = eoSn t thefewlth. Plsw, tee;tin, and peedatloeof =hoo or be com and aftr the $1 of November text t Cw 0 es oC James Abernethy, lq, O.R., esigineeria-ttiutto the sres, 3. Par. liamntrTtreet, WestminSter (whee of the upediloation and bU of qtntLtUe may be had), acd at the boerzolelo SwanSe £eae teuaer, endorsed "Tendem for OnWUlon oA Dock, tIo be edt. In to the undeksigd, on or btcoe hlorla, the 3 c Norembet next. By order of the Trustee, LRW1S THOXB Clerk. Harbour.efflww, %See, October3t 1S57. C!T.GEORGEttYA1TSOUT,SOlJTH WARK.-Coni lKJtodrErs"da nd 3oar.-Noticeih bereb,r ientbateGua hz U* od the Poo ot the above amed pariah WlU meet at the ibod Room,: iuthe Workhous tituale in Mint sleet, in the xaie pish, on Wed. needa, the 53th daWo October inst., at S o'clock Ita c evetftproa I ndely, th re eiTeh 8POStereUPPLYlNG tbemwlthB fll and *BLOUR for the uio of the poor in their woekheue in M1nt-str.elru and ait Mttohan, SurT , snd for the onU-door poor of the aid-perIas until the nSat day of Marh next Forms of tnder, whieb alone wi; be reoeiTd, may e obtined on SPpicIosn at tse workhouse In Kintsteet, audallpecaoueteodelg mOat attend theBoerdat$hefsit meetIng. ASfara Dmteuldllpermit, allbilliwlllbesexaminel andyald at the expiraion of each quartr. By order BJUn s WITCH, Clerk to the Guardianu IT, U eAou-tft, Southwak. Oct. 17, M87. PARI of ST. PANCRAS, Middlesee-TO Bakes nd CornbodlsmThe Dir of the Poor of lisl WMh waithk XGene Keetng So be held In the Vaatrybal, at"o d Ptncreros, on Jldar sbel7th day of October fnat.! te SUl'PLYof BREAD and ON1 jWDIiZRYiorthe aee of thl Por i the Workhoe. The ownract rforteupplot beed will be for tbree months from the aboedte anL-dte contM *fOrSupply od oenchandlerw il be for either three muoth or until the 26th "sy ot AprIl, 1858. from the me date, at the option otf te mM Didectrs, Worms of tender (on which only posatla'wll be reoived,and wrhtll mus b reuredseaedandenored enerfor 'hessurpplof-, beore 3 o'clock on the dyof eeindg) maybadon apPlition a' under, and the persons tendering, or soe nee on their bel, mnst bt n atteudanee at the bleettug.-Dated ths8h aday d October, 1857. By order of the Dirctr oC the Poor. Vesty ofioee, CnrLroa& lIBB RD, Clerk. 'W ARMOUTHE BRIDGE ALTERATIONS..- T T To Oentrdors and others-TShe Bildge Works' ommittee o£ the Coprton of Surderlad Are n0w prepared to receiv'e TEND MS3. for the WtOKS required it the ateraloau And Ismnrovameat of the above bridgel Across tbe river Wear, St Sunderland, in the eonnty of' Durham embracing,wZought.yon uar ch tubet, catin, M..onry, apecion at the Cler odice.t tDalw.Thk te aetbe 4 eao-r of quantItietke n UAWout bi mewemregt to be Appointed, IsY the Ne-',lttee ad contractors, and reinbe,e dell, voted seale up, at the shor odeoe, 12ler Wto r.dy Octcber3ftas INTWk onhich d t wilber opend4,henIaulythbrisd agent freom ea cotrctbor mot attend.. th ee of th"e utac-spet cifieati andill, of qntities woll ho at£5 tba¢b nonivllberetion e ponrth onumIng *ioo th t tendrs. Security wI be rslsd for the doln' fdorane of the ontct. T hsse bemittee dzo not bind themoelvr toaccept tihelowestthendeo. Thse enginseerwillattend at the Towc. (Bork's office, in Suindserld, orn tocadag October 1th, to gtbi any re.. quiuecexplianatIon. r*e3adfmnlstchatead By order, Wot SNOWBALtB Town CIerk. Borough of Suderland 6ti October., 157. J)-OVB-r. UNIONI-Su-hoo sMeter and Mohoolmisz" l t ofis W SnW-The GuaixOanG of the aboe named Ution aie desirou of receivin & rCATIONS for the OpPICEB th G0101_ MIASTER and SOHOO(0LXIIapaps Candidates =mnt he of the EAtablbhed Churc and man and wife without chldrn They mus. have some "lone in tutition, and the salary o theero S3,lntled- to'reet Gior Ot'e, 67 se ir pointedtra lobe erec aFnnufor the aeboolmater, and 10per an. uxum for theschoolm1rbssjedhoever to such arIema.th,e clan, of certifcate akwarded to them bI the Committee ol Council on Educe., tiOn will entitle them to. which reaches respectively to 60 and £A2Per annum. In addition to their salary, they will he Allowed puoh pg visdins of the workliotse as hAve been approved of by th r La BOard, which are of the oDst of three rations each, ano orals, candler., washing, and furnished apartments. ApplImicatInin the handwri2ing Of thecanldidates, siving thebrae, amid ltestimonial, of characteran quaBifcatfon, (Addressed to the Board of Guardis. Dover Unio) ar t Orne,Onr beore 12 O'clock at noon, cm Yfrday next, the 23d in.. Doverd UniTron,uel attedanoce 16sh Igivn yuo canide a. thd BOard or Got'ardlaus "'oWl.N on b thL e , 0thamt tZ O'clock, whe the elcio,sbjett thmed appoal MofsthePo at Beard,will e Wskaou The sic.fncntuate i tmust, beirpn e th i bstthe~~~~~~~~~~~~ galaG enter upoEngheir dutieston the day aerf theiber anp tment, or aohos edla AFRENCH~~R PIOT}%T"PL fATlb14 wiho teVaiienm slesr ashc poulb_ie..-ir Byodrof the g Boar ofIGUArdION; o Dove Unin, B Okladre,aOt. 16,85WllI&m, CrOSS. Clcck., cta 50an 4&Aorkh ouse ndtst ioaIs he ben, that the duarians of teb or oft aovJTR -n parrih meert ate iit Board boom in the Woriouc, stuted iin tstrt oi thrkesai theevein prdecidse ateceir AuPtrcltIO oud,ttherLd tetsinals from !:E perioneY deioso iln Mh ITTiON ofJIASEI, nar. her otae ashoinment for bren aat tothamS a ofl £h e Boannum, witohord,ndlodging. Canidaesdust he n the rmeUthnavegreat picaton and tee tImnl to the dw entioter Stre epLot ie, ot i' t -e testimon....t, onhwrk o r efreth 2t day,dof Octobe Instant, eJo.ed AoS.ato fLLOrT Porkho ougf the Co"nss;a Tbomas PrL "t recln L XDA L b sepacurity wsrks ARi t andidathe must°attend tf tY hefooerdatter whai m ee ing,, and mthed aPpointent wil htet ubje tof uthet apperva ofnthe for -Ira, meUr Odle Ym For fAurterLoforSare RonIREp D toa th MI_ Soe Depliot,at emesln. Appicateione ford empOyen,Produin $eDon Ocvte. 10,807 3.5. ELLIOTT P.M niiuied power of aesremnt Bate u of, Inerestz 48 uper Doso.fr hree Eq, 1, Threadueedle.treet, London: or to WILLIAM GuTHRIE, Treasure. 23o. Mer-street, Giaodw, October, 1 h57. 'DU CATION forLA:DES.-R -pwk.-There .14are VACANCIES for pupILS (epcallyelder ones) in an eseas-- bhishment of the highest respectublity. erscharged from the d4y of-entranc Re.Hfermoei fnoileean clergymen. For particuluw addirecc Edmeades and Co, Mln(reoaec 3 Fleet-15treet. .124 wo rsidd sx ear With the late Mi". Ba)adssty 3 roedo hallo, hams lGme. RECEIVE a iitd6 be f Selet PPIL, ReeroceePermitftd to the Rv r mro, Prinipa ofHanellcollege who will forwardaprsetso pi. Pfeartltomo Ricbod, uTIn Rcmn,y,e. e )UA. JAHERL fof GENTLIIEIq arelRCIVEfulD sinut an oi-esmilese I o- sondont and foser ofmtinuneewzkfm nreuA railaytnanion. Terms, 2om s,ire0fall The branches ofan eMngtlishoan trben educratIon 40plo nnets irfests atn mouderaThe chmatrgesOt bdleu Y. .,-e floroesalibrnry. RThereoold Srrey, &Wd.riclear pdn u II..tlt&tc jlayd C eTJune atheei aS godcicestbfield. anBOAplme an(E Lodn,d arnd ive inutes'uakforomharailwyrsation.rtberm.1 2z, gxcuenean Ite sytmfob Ic feeutre the tale3h libetfrall sdppled anf TJe rCooLDroo Wnd drmiories ar spocnus POSandr EDUCveTIate, ath p0 layg nround ag, thbeyred isWa Hood urice fild and th pleamsure an excllet ndatebeh,D20fee i .-jlength. Paymentlermdteno eUry wdho s Andthi so.s or, ingt W tilla-trb, .C.J Onooto P-C ewinLdP.Nmed eieaTsouand prpaataory t E CaTION, ad .,.Cito-oa,Abe-ra, N..muursh0et 1.eerm oe ac,pt quarter.E oTBUI Ln ase& h TiNI eLsCidesyfrEch nd emas h math exntiecs eu, Li wh dndthirN Ceonsor adauhtrsegetting beond thei ownl aontolaAd nare recommhende to TAppy radic and aFO stU c tOUN LADrIEl. alergym (iof i muhexrine usua brancIgheso esueemiand musfic,dmecc 5Edcaton. ro 1 3~1U 015tems guineas per annutm-A Ot VA ANCYS the or feour ChiTDEN Dirta shool 18 eArs Zalse, atwo. Or-les firomy 9odo, whelure k-thereet taugt thea usefl banc. flsci alsoomusic of requirdg, asdstreted wit th greatest parenchttor. cae,mo terd oppl th oeg MB.uackon, Sc lenchRcEscrfet. city.NBL51E byn theNRev. anyider LI7D yewsof gteU ande Mastrs The n.ij tiesm inluditbeidsrrec and pulGsho&."erm10ani the mathematics ang classics natura science11, andlprepsration, fort the pblitPc scofl Berk arm exmintios, he enir as we luastelbunir puli ecie a be fsoundEg laies euatiBon. M.Tr O ord naigtu scUrera ofearco in Inina! sgvres an oedLnd whe ps abot tcr-tirew, finrd, ine Oroni the usuambrnchs of hm ojteducahistution, uic, draIn,t lraundress,f ac Incfluadsietempfs, 0 guinlea perucauinu. MTt, la-eeri factory referencespgiven,eDirectfereing to A.e foloin aetlB.mOrn e- The hOTWnosr Dofabride, othassbisted byharesien ofrec wtutor, mom .l burg of the CoReve Boubon,s RECgborEe af fhew SoNStb Epoop NOBLEI andt Gurh; tLeM, uner. J&1ears of dragentede for theuddnitsitimes mi rlayand, pnqbl ofschools, .S.. Tho locality is re tiratl Aiddrs Rev. A.e boklL,er 58.d Gret ee-sree, Edcon'-iburg.fi h.-ty AFITe MiDEs BEARonNE RCIEa It am meherofdon lde oW BOA RDES rS. Tevfrmsion bad,g. ldegeu cation, for yetoun ade undtr 1, 35pe Selseln abvt 2,£5he po Fenthr retpesr ion. rferrinote foloin gentlem en.wb -i The ev.WinDole,of te YtbeablichedChurch, of Scsdo, AT.ccl burg they wiv. thomajs egon. of the Scottish*. E aladycoplOnroh' Me uonessulrngeh 0Pn the RevJa ers oafahran pD.D-. W.,diat.ire4 HametMcharlane18, Picadql.oBawi,WS dbuh;Msr.ltm N##AVIGATIO anNATCLAT Nti D' atby much more qulokly iban is T. @ ca be us Cn di dathe s hItch ol, n t h be found m ore m oderate. M .ri ndaS prep ale tBpasdhe sexamnation at the, Nation Marine Boards, Address R.N., 7d.Tachbrookkesreek, Pmlion. aa.w Au AING.FrectaUan,-4r. ALTSCH Ue l A uth'dor tof"ia Germn ted en Bok, (dedie&ted. bi1esa ao, or alternately n the same terms ma one, at h own honoe, Each Shnguage spo lenso andele separate classs for ladle s and gontlermeL erarber (In g ee for mercantile and ordinar parsud th e o i, v , aomy nay, and civil seie examinatton-d.e. OldB .1.-GPpils . l and friend t e has R Do f PROE SSg O Rb aN EDIa C T RO FS, tfrom the ConL t-soratho6recof Leipzig adt R elu, baaa few hour dtsencagem ever brnhe of copsto. Trsmdraedh ihe rf with strict privacy and expedition,a l ous yM. n is Particulars on alppliction, or by encoigate p llOt2 . Mondys nd 2bordays juenil, Wdnesays and Satoi rs.Piate lemos an hor. Shoos adfamlies attndoned.ht i AD DA-NS.-.-Madae SOTTENbe-as to annoutoot .3. t te nbiit. euty,en he ppis er RISIAOVAL, to Is, Hrlerstret, Cvendch-auare whee he ACA)RMY fog (for uacquanted nc inghei AD eieter eky.sm t tieoalthnw nfahoaldacs Thne hues for scm~ ~~~~~~~n
WAMT-T-I, an OUT-DOOR APPRENTICE, iq A' tbe g'Jld aud 'liver engraving trade. Premlam mod-irate. ahlfrtrlels'a to P. Ms.. Wilo's news room-. Leleeetsr-squase. X A .4-TED, two or three respectable 1I to i onr"rle commission In the cOAl trade, Appl at teNew Msoud*n ttoai Company, 1. Frovidence-rcw. Fliesur.qae IIA TE I, imme-diately, an AR IC ED Pu Il4 W for a Echool, In the country. Apyby letter to U5., Popar. 'dose.Blehinly.near Reivate. WANTED), an active young woman,asEEAL WSERVANT2, good plainocook, age between 20 And 30. Apply, a)s 120, Fenchorch-atreet. between the huure of 10 and 12. WVANTJED., a GOOD PLAIN COOK0. T~hree iaL fails, and the washing puxt out. Apply, personaly, at 23, Duncan-terrace, Teliugton. between the hourse of 10 and 13. ~'TART-BA. ~anctive 'Y~OUNG MAN, accustomed Tto the shlppins .trade. sad who thorougbly Understands bookkeepIng. Addre U.0.rI. Dr&per's, stattoner, 4, Little Tower-et. W A-NTEl), a respectable GIRL, about 14. years of r7hrago, to take the charg of a little boy. Apply to Y.15., care of riur Ganger, 8tatIoner. S0S, High Ilolborn. LaANTED, by a respectable young person, a W SITUATION to a juvene dress warehlouse and mWitery, or as Saleswoman. Fifteen monkhz' reference. Address S. A., 4, saisbury-terrace, Wala crth. W7'AN2IED an active young man us CLOTE V~SALESMA.who thocroughly undestatndS the outftIg4, rartmnent. Apply~,between 12and st.tno-Orros, lWeVduesday), 1,Suh a9roeet (4reeuwich. ~A ANTED, izn a soci or' fofice, on the south sIlde IV of the river, a COP OG LZRK. L-etters with partioslars 5et age, salary, and rormer siution, to be addressed, post, Paid, to EL20, care of lessrs. Witherby, Birchin-lane, 13C. A.NTED), a SITUATION asUPERLA I- VT DltYaAlD, In a gentleman'ls fmly.T uhl udrtns her business. Tbiree years' good charatr AP 8 on ry - terred. Apply by le.ter to 'd. 35. poet-offc,Solwi, pe ~A ANTED, in sa tradesmabn's famiy,a goo PL IN W 0011. and to wasist in the houswr;also a Housemaid. A,ec from 20 20 30. Apply to Amrs Bagger lals utfitting warehouse, 66. l3dgtwsreroad,IW. IAANTED), by a young person, a SITUATION ia TV a conitectioner's shup or any other light business She has not been ouit tef.ore, and wouldI thereforegive the firt few monihs. Good re) ereceos causbe given.-S. N., 43, rnces-street, Ritherhithe, S. E, WANTED), a HOUSEMAID, in asmall family,tive m ilies fromu town. She roost wait well at table, and get up fine things. Age about 10. Apply, to-day and lo-norrow,at Mr.Garden'sa, 372, Oxford-street, between 10 and 4. AN TED, i mme diately, a irs ls o col Y V a&WRITING and DRAWING1 MASTEP. of unimpeachable norsal character. A young man prefe,red. Adldress, istatisig salary, to B. O., post.office. Wellington, Salop. ANTED), spacious and light OFFICE)S in C'orn TV hill, or the iNiciaity-three or four rooms On the ground orn,,rs floor. Rteply, With full pattieulaus, to A. 3.0G., care Of Mr. Jellerey. Geasge-yard. Loss ard-.treet. TANTED, by two young ladies, sisters, ~SITUAWVTIONS.in a Berlin woos, fancy slatlonery, or anY other light business, either togetoer or iteparately. A premium wIll be given, Address by letter only to G.M..,I post olce, idoorgate-treet, city, B.C. A-NTED), an experienced HOUSEMIAID lit a wsmalUT.-ml family,.where acook only is kept. Age aboutU2. bea wages given. A IearsBpersonal charater indispensable. Apply at4, Aden-terrace, Stoke llewington-greun, N. ITANTED,a SITUATION, b a respectable young WV prson, who understands mesmerzm Is VWllng to wait on a, lady in any way not menIal. Understands millinery an dressmaking. A&pply personallyor byletterto B.B. at74, Ebury-street, Pimlco. WiANTED), a middle-aged COOK and GENERAL TV SERIVANT, to undertake a dlairy and to wait at table. Resd. deuce nine miles from London. Apply to-morrow, between IL and 12 Voclock, aht 3, Great Tower-street. city. __________ 1(AN TED), a DWELLING SOUfSE with lIarge; TV ysrd and stabling for 10 or 15 horses. Apply by, letter to F'. A. S., 110, Upt-er East Smithideld. Must be within half a mile of the address. iJANTE]), a respectabl eduicated young woman, Tyabout 30 ears of age, as HOSEEPE I house of bust,rees. Apply by lette only, staringrelnm,ads, where last engaed .tio.. to Mr'. SmnIth, 293, HIjgh Hoborn. AhN TED), two or three industrious sober YOUNG VT ME N, who understand the carpet and damask department. ApPly first by letter,rtatlvg the length of last engagement.-J. Maple and Co., Tettenham-noIurt-road, WAANTED, in a clergyman's fml,ago VT HOUSE,MAYD, who will be requiredtocenpa,wl t table, and get usp fine linen. She must be abov25yasoag,f sood character, and plain in her dress. Apply, bfr 'lc,a Hart,. i-vary C-ael-bridge, Old Keut-road. AN rID,l COOK0 and OUSEAI,ea TV town. Bouth must be early risers, and have oochrtes &ge of wink from 10 to 155, and houremald 25 to 30.Aplbeen zae hoursi of 1 and 3 to day and to-muorrow, at Mr. Fords okelr 6. Barrrehury-place. Ielington. ANTED), by a young lady, a SITUA-TION a TV GOVER NESa1 Ink a gentleman's family. She can give instruotions in musts, French, dancing, water-coloured painting, crayonm and CUdwn e(and wax flowersliIf required. Apply, atattog terms, to U".4,S.Andrew's-street. Caimbrtege. IA.NTED), one or two TRAVELLERS, to -obtates TV orders for anuew first-class publication, which Is oonfidently expected to be extensively patronized by the literary and scienttific rortion of the DUblic. None hut first-rate hands need apply. Addres W. Mackenzie, 22. Pateroester-row. ~7ANTED.-To Auctioneers, EtateAgn,&cWTA respectable young man, of activ eua abt,ad3 years' ex'.'enco itbovarious branrhesofterfsin,sopn1 an ENG GENtENT, at altowsalary. Testmnasuecpinbe PF. HL C.. Mr. Clarke's, 13. Moorgatestet, Bank. E.C ANTD, F1;-WTR~AVELLER and ~SALES-. W Uv furlt te mathematical and otical instrument business. To a person poresesing a thorough knowledge of the trade a liberal saay Wilb give.. Apply by letter only to J. B0., 13, Melvllle.terAe, Usroden-road, It.W., 00, t ~ ~7TANTED) IX 000.-WAN TED, £600,a_ per WVcent., on security of freehold land, mansion, and sixuafinise homes, In a first-class situation. £1,000 more willb eurdioom pletLan of thae buildings. No agent need apply.-bre os,eli OSttor. 60. Mdoorgate street. D2A T ], in a small quiet f-amiyly where a iO, FW ma I kept, a respectable female, age about 30. as goul PLINCOOK, andto take part in the housewoer. For address apply bet een and 1, to Ur. Chester, baker, Gray's-place, Bromapton (ne,r tae Admiral Keprell. W7TANTEBD, a good PLAIN COOK and GENERaL VT ERVANT, where otherservantsare kept. Ago from 26toSS Good wages. A year's character will be requird. Apply, between, the hours of 10 and 5, at A. Davis's, 33, Strand, oppoit LowUser Arcade. W ANTE]), a odGENERA SR-VANT,une 30, to a smalprvt family. AnLther kp. Boy had to clran Inives, &o. Wssaln u out. Mastbecenyeal riser, anid (A Church Of Englandu ppy to-morrow, personally, at 1,Jawn-place, Soouth Lambeth. ~AT NTE), i a Custom-house and shipping agent's VTbusiness with a first class connexion anid an increWasg trade, an actv ATEi,wt a moderate capital. References exchanged. ApplOy lte,repi,to J. Goddard Paterson, 23, khalum-street, WA-NTED, in a nobleman's ~or a g-entleman's TVestablishmenit, a SITUATIOsN aa SIAN`-COOK and OON`irECTOE;one who thoroughly understands his businxess. Good refe, rencescanube given. Wages notso much an object. Addrews . L,, 14. Molyneux-street, Edgeware-road, Hyde-p%rk. 1 ANT ],b a respectable m Iddeg.age person, a SI ATO as COUJK, Housekeeper, or as Cobok where a kitchlensald Is kept also understands made dishes and Jelly and creams. and making of French and English bread, and the manage. xaeat Of a dairy. Satisfactory character. Direct by letter, poat paid, Z. Y.. po0et-office, Whip s-crss Essex, unti called for. I A'NTED, by ay~oun man, respecta~bly connected, WTand of business baltbs, a SITUATION as CLERK,, ,WiarhouseXnan, Collector, or simtlar capacity, where he would be willin to make himselt generally useful. Can gtve good referesoes to last emuployers, nud security if required Address C. B , d, Frdedrick.terrace, Fair. ~TANT ]) b a hihly especablesidlue.aged ~perVT sn, aSITUTIONas atendon a eldrlylady, or as Housekeepr t a idowr. r S a'y eaaciy wereconfidential services are sequced A omfrtabe hme orean ojec totheadvertiser than a hgh alry.Adros, pstpai, o A B. 2 Caalgroe,Old Kent- ilANTEDbyWayoung man, agedT ~23,a SI-TUAWVTION as &s,RK. Thoroughly Understands bookkeeping by doarsle entry. wuists a good hand, is quick at accounts, andean prosince nine years'excellent character from preesout emnployers and nudeilaWble testimonials. Addres G. S., 1, Prlmitive-street, Marshall. treet, Leedis, Yorkshire. Y~~T NTED, by a higl respectable coupeo ihu TV encumbrance, SITUATOSa El ATRadBR NA aBd BOOKK3S.PBE, In a oe rayrsetbehueo and scrt frqle.A B., post-office,Rih nd Sury ~7UANTE, a CLEK 18 or20 year fae n shop, t the est en. iour from7 o'clocka,tS 'lo UIANTED), im eiately, a thoruhgo L IN TV COOK: one from the country, wocnhk,poesd W eges£1 IS& without ext, sfrbe,ta rwsig utb of active habits,. iuch a personwihuecpoabehrat, would find asttied and comfotale as aiyqit ota kept. Addree 10. Circus, Bath. ~~77AN EThby yong ersn,aged 17, a SITUA. VT TIN In millnery r dresmakig estblishent,to assist toa clues, Olasy, Bucks. ~ ~ ~ oboctas ANT ]),bya speioryong person very o TV certcald, n ENAQEIEN asuseful COX, ANION, or to tke he haro o oneor wo hilrenandattend to their wairdrobe, havng throuh kowedg ofevey kndof needlework: or woula IsaenoobjctIn t seve n ageneelcho, ad could keep amcounts. Londn pefered Th hihes reerecesgiven-E. P., pstofftoice, ~~YANTED,by a highly respectable active person, a TV SITUATIO sas EHOTISEKEEPER, Companion, or to stxper. lotene the M nagmet Of a fsrtt-class Boardhng-honse, or to any other capcit whre rus isreqjuired, either In a private family or house of busiess.Shewoul befo,mud experienced In sall the duties or housekeepig an mangemst of servants. The best references canx be giv'. ddrss 3. l,,po t-oSflO, Brentwood Essex. W A 8 .- rs utler wishes forsa few fani- .s ABIdING. Good ground, and goodw sply of water, Good reeecscan gbe .Ludr5, 2, Upr eame ereet, Camdetwn TASHING.-WAN'TED, by is respectable lauin. VT dress, one or two families' WASHI,NG, No objection to hotels' or sehGols' and single sentlemen's.-M. M,., 33. Heory-streat, St. John's-wood, Rerents'epark. ~TAS1IING ANTED, by an old-eatabljshej VT lundrss.havIg a pecous aundy,and fully capable of fereees o failis emiuye byfor 0 yers.Mrs,Freeer,13. So3uth- V~~ING WAN ED, by -anexperienced lauin- for up~~~ien in th~~to thie fields, with every convenience st~~~~~yle, and can be well recontnened or fmiles he nw wrksbr.Shirts, 3d.; sheets, Sjd. road. Holloway.QeW-rod,flrnoy WIASHING In EARNEST, and Dyeing In all its TVBranches -Dirty BLANKETS, Counterpanee, Quilts, Table. covers, Crumb-cloths, and ChoIctes purely WASHED and beautifully ~IASH ING, Wringing, and Mlangling MA. TV CHINEs (Swift's Pateut).-The public are partIcularly reqne6ted to vIsit and inspect these machsines, =an dge for themselves. They are at ouce the meet simple aud otua, to existence and will is-ah througly leanthe irtest ateralswishl Astonish-ing celerity anda geatsavng f abor. he eryfinstas well as the heavies; fabiceciruotreeiv th slghestInjry,asthere is not any of the fritIn ndrubig s o heerinrymahies PicMes fromM£&4 tol2gulnens, Sold onlxatrthe depot, 537, GOVERNESS.-A young lazdy who has hAd six .Alears'~ experience, is desirous of a RE-ENGAGMMRN'T t drawilns, wish the usual routine of an Engilsh education. Salay saot s3o much ain hitctaasa bol:,yhome. Satisfactry references Address C-.3., etele.Iwrk efl- or MUSICAL GOV anESd i rRa --A lay o mch xpeiene odtetlino on DAILY GO E N S.- ay experienced in M uMon,ho igdiaeogged aterIO'oamad who!insructs in Bugijcl ge.ersilY, French lacquired, in ParIs), Iatln, drawiog, miLmic. "c Terfms for 2 jhoura daily, £2 per monith. Little boys not objectedl to. Addrels to 7. Y.. Olalder'-s library Sathunsetr-etmas.de-paric, W.* I~A1L GOV RNi6S.~.1amnstead ggte esperleced Is tultira,, R.NA4 Tq asaboe h a re.,idd In aris,and tachesmusic Gelman, French dwingI varIos stles, od Egl-&.AB., MisAslatVi's High-at., Hampsteo li omeexpriece,desirea a R.NA1MN.I etqa dedto uprinenda oung family deprived of matra ae So refereces. ddrer H. A 1., Il, Barbury.,aeUpeste,I. lingon.N. n ornea Lodonpreferrred. N~)EIET GIOVERNESS or CO0Dd'P_AN&iiWJLThe principal of a ladies, school, neCar London, wishes to meet with an ENGAGEMEN T for a, 7cunger sister (21 years of age.) She baa had four ye%rse varied experience. and teaches English genersily, mualr, and Frencis. Young pupils and a country reeldence p,eferred. No objeltion to travel.-S. T. care of Edmleada' and Co., 63. Fleet-at. MORNING or DAILY GOVERNESS.-A young LVJ..ladydsres a R-ENGAGEMENT. She tearbee EnglIshinsalt Itsbrncsea Frnc (cqure aboa),andmwcic. Apply,persont sly, orbty letter to H2., 4, Hanover-street. lianover-ronaro. uSCuALi GO VERN ESS.-A lady, giving lessons llton thepianoforte, wishes to increace the nutsber ofherptUtILS. Tertms one guinea a nuarter two le-seone a week one hour each, or is. a eeeen. Excellent refeienree. Address A. Z., statloner, 195, Strand. ~~~IN~~HING DAILY GOVERNESS.-A lid Mil L'have her afternoons disengaged on the 5th of November. onmg Ive bv 5preferred. She teaches English generally. French, Italian and German, artistic drawing andpainting. Ffirt-rate leson, inhuM(st,Uand einging.-X.YV., postomee.8 05, Holborn3. NUIRERY GOVER1NESS.-WANTED icume-' Ndiattly, a lay, from 15 to 30 years of age an NPJItSERY GOVERNESS, to "kak the entire charge of thrice little hoys, and to aseist in nerdlework. Salary moderate. Apply on Wednesday and Thursday toO0. RK, 11. Farlelgh Villas. Pembuny-road, LDwer Clapton, N. E. (near the Hackney RaIlway Statios). QUPEIOR ORNING GOVERNESS,-A lady K-jof talent hastimledlsengaged. She inetirotet in English hteraswe French, acquired abroad, German, Italian, drawing. binging. harp, and pianoforte, studied under CrlvelI,INegri, Idle Dolby and Uharrerton. Termns from;£40. Addrer H.R.t.C,Mcaars. Ford and Son%sbook. TATIN forLITTLE .OYS.-A ldy, aSge 3~1, who Ljhs bd mch xpeiene i tutio, ad can be rowzemendesi, by famlis o dstncton wshe t gve AIY ESSNSinLATIN. elemnts f Geski reqired AddessA, N, Eachar's,187, Pic- ID ENT GERMANPOETN NESSSLF'~' WANTEI) to educate oeltegilage 11. biust be thorcugbly conversant with krench and ago uiin Saltary £1. Apely at 44. Kenelngton-park.gardeus ay tr A J.?RELN CU. LiADY wishes to fnsgo nis £A am[Il. in London or Ita envirens, inwhctoTsO he LANGUAGE (for which the Ia thoroughly qualsd,i eunfr home. Nso salary. Glood referenzces offered anreurd Ades A B ,Ur. Morle3i'A 27 Park-terrace, St. Johu-wod ADAILY GOENES wonfis-r anuii hbas a few housec a ecope.Sei loazo Lisgist. ins well reeinEgihadfrinltrte,n.ced.I required, teach drawgandncn.Ades r-ldD.LE, Mr. Frenchls, bootansheae.2,GatMyebe-re, In the north of Sootlanil, is desirous fotiig IUTO as ENGLISH GOVENENo,ntecnietuiecnaprve family or school. (the formerpeerd.U xctinbeeeecs can he given. Addres B.J,potofc.Eg,Solnd AFTEROON r OCASIOAl, GOVKERNgS.~ .CL-A ady deires n ENGAEMENTin a family or school, to insruc chldrn, nde 12 inEngrh,Frech,and musicol the latter, LA ,wh hesmbeen engaged for the las_t -two A yers a resdentgovenessin at.clty of h%hrespectability, is NESS o chldre undr 14ygear fae whose education she wouldI he wilingto cmmene. She is qualfe to give a complete English elucalos.and lso o intruin the ifrench. language (acquired during zereleieo 10 )eari Paris), and the rudiments of music. Ad' dr, i,Tht, cars of Oess layton and Son, 223, Piccadilly. RS. IcKELT1ON, Governess Institution, 10, CaroiV lintt-street, Bedford-square, W.C,. tnvites the attention of the nobilty, clegy gentry, and princIpal of schoolsl to her S.EG1STSR of ENGLIMH.and FOIIEIGN GOVERNESSES and COMPA.NIONdt. School property transferred. School reomormended. Hoursfrom ilt04 reqirng efIcUAIen SNGL TTEDIHand FORIPcION Gto EISSan young aingle gentlemani lone nervously affected). to travel, or in any way useful n2ot meniaL Address J. C. D., 62. Crown-street, Finebury. A,ERvA0.uand CONFIDENTIA.1 pears' good charace.Istoogicoptn.AdesNN,Mr Lnvejly's library, Raig A LDY ishs to RECOMMEND her ~NURS.ri, A who has lived In her service some time. and leaves on account of the m'istreea's delicate healthL requiring the continuance of her monthiy puree. Sne is agood needlewomani. Personal or written partiular.Address it. B., port-office, Crouch-end, Hornlsey. GE4NERAL SRATWANE,iarde moan's family, four In number. Ago hrce eurd pl at 1 Wardour-etreet, Soho. 14ladEs n heAbv lart o em n paricuar aplyat30 CIHAMERMAIDWANTE ADin oir tas suoiaL tendent of thehoshlan miyf a genteman. References bigbly re petable. Adrsg.E,teGoe iseland, Shrewsbury. Q11OPWOMAN.-A motrse Obeprson, aged et SLUAT(JNas IEIPWO&ANin tIhtbualnce.-A., B,3is, King-street BboomebueyrqonreM LC M~iILLINERY and DRSSMAKING.-_Miss LE rU LASTRIERt has VACANCIES for an APPRENTICE and liPdlROVItt. Late hours strictly proli}rlted. Every sttentdon paid to morals. Small premiums required.-0SN w Bond-street. 61TUATIONS REQUIRED, bytwo l~adies, on bJas CompaniontaLd,teotraReintGvns. AcOniremente, enlish rnh ndmsc od eeecs drees Ii. M., 1, Surrey-traeUpeLeahmrd,N -cos LWvaet family, where another servsnt is kept. i Shemstboa goo plin cook, cleanly In her person and work. Age about 28, wltn 12 mnontha' rersonal character:; not Irish. Apply between 12 and 2, tel5 2_sy, at 57, Welbeck-streetk Oavendish-square. URralS.-WAN E , U S, aot3 er N of age, canpn u b had:an under- Ial station. I'EW EmApLOMN o AlE.WUeu iV1cated energetic WOMEN WANTED, for a business more healthy, respectable, and remunerattve. than either governess or milliner. Address In first instance stating age, residence, and last employrment, to C. D., 3, Mathen-place, Rlchmond-road, Idlington, pERN.~~MBUCO~~The- advertiser w hngto send hsSE VA,N T back to Fernambuco, wuf oga ome with a faiygoing out in want of oue. No wgsrqie o h oae and h advertiser would be wflllng t a eto e asg mouey. Address;8, Oxford-terrac, Edgewaera,W N URSE WANTED.-WANTED, b~Y ald,rsd Nins irn the country, a NURSE. who has been accsotomed to the care of children. She maust bo a good needlewoman, and wfilling to, ettend on the lady. A good character,not awritten one,indlspenabole. Aply, IereonaUly, thIs day and to-morrow, between the hours of 10 TESUNSinMILINRY ndDRESSMAKI_NG, Lj gvenin acouse, or lls.Sd. thrughan unr-ivalled systemt, by StIe hH.TH, ho cmmened I Bon-ernst,1811. Hours 1.1 to 5i, DRESMAKES-WATED,ENGAGE. FPO MILLINEIRS.-WANTED, b young lady, ,,. who has been livinGi ne oft theOrtwest-end"houses,aSITUA,ION as SEOUND ItNDto reIde In the house. Address to A. B., post 051cr, Kensingttoni. ~OMILLINERS.-WANTED, by a person of conT'siderabie experience,a c,SITUATION 11as San-class BONNEVT MILLINER, for the country. Highly respectable references can be given. Ad drsessG. B ., 1 7, Nas au-street, lii dlesex Ho spital. T NVILLNES.WATE a Pgood FIjRS-TT T HANal,~t,clare twn, 0 mlesfromLonon:one who has fffled hat iaa London house doing a good trade would be preeremd. Apply, this daiy, at 24 and 25, Crawiord-atreet, Motntaguasquare. mOSALJESWOMEN.-WANTED, in a millinery T. end lace establIshment, a clever and experieond SALEnWOMAN. for the show room. She must have previously filled a similar situation. Apply at 167. Tottenham-oourt,road. Situation permarent. rmo DRESSMAKERS.-A father, baving lately lost JL his wife, who carried on the milliery and dressmakding in a reepectable nelgbbourboDd, wishes to PLACE a DAIUGaTER in a quiet ard respectable house ot business, where her services would be coniddered equivalent to her board and lodging for six months, after T 0o SCHOOL ASSSTNT.-AN ENGLISH a saary f £2.wih bord, ashig, ad login woud be given. A PARISIN GENTLE AN, agrd 29, who has a - dyloa ad nnacea~? xpeiene,wig es 10r an ENGAGE- J)EGREES.-Duly qualifed gentleme,deiosf FARM BAILIFF,-WANTED, a SITUATION, by Fa respectable middle-aged man, a, good practical faxrmer, and Who kiss a thorough knowledge of the management of stock, An, Highly satisfactory references can be giveni. Address, post paid, to A. B.,, of MAUFAC- RDGODS tiDISPOSE OFfor read mony, hve nwanoportnityof dingo, by aplig in the B Oeter,lvnKT full bPyartIClars willbecgive, Fi rstcasselleonre. EA.-J. Dawb ang -ad Co, BhIpbrTONea. 132,e rLe.a deLnuh Ilcl tedet hav thkeefoloingbydul VACnCIES h-Ta been hvera mYerainthe ranhe traIde by converimnts Four first-class Appretices,to li3es~apar from th mewd prOwedgeu 25 guneh. £30 rbeoturne as wage dutmring thOur years110&. Referencles giverentoeth fdriend tof youth, OOVEEY ERG Clerk CoVLEctor,EoRINrvele.- IJWAOICTE by a 3oCa mn, aisIUTO as abovnSURE.IG Has a Zhrog 01vowuleedreD.Aitcue of bokkeeingbydulenr, uhasg beenDsevera Meagrsing the wIetale ully converan Timber deck and& Custohom HYD SlEn, WII.Cad WS.Ii lguer,acdW~aroaa &o. ina har curs ofintrutin, n oderate terms, includlrg hel-woe sd te ue o thodoito, lvel, axtants,'quadr,ntg, chins CILERK.-WANTED, a SITUATION; has a thorougb knowledge of booUkeeping and accounts, wites a giod band.. Shlary Lilt.per week. Good referenoes. Address . ., osr of Ms.blsy, 143,atrand. OMMISSI03iS.-A traveSSer, of experienco aad rel!pvotabill, who represents a firisste frm o 1, Ss deaddroas f adding one or two SS e hs ngagomeal. Addres B.0.2,City roa. CUSTOMI-HOUSE: C1LERE.-WANXD by tth above, in a muerchant's or Ehipbroker'e~ office. UneaxoeptIonable refer- ene,and scturity if required AddesB .J,G,LwrKui; t onls, Lembeth, Sd.st .J,66 oe onn ( 1OLLECTOR WANTED, to o sin subscriptions to (Ja respeatsbis and iserul cOcety, stro'ngily recommending Itself to3 w1holesale and manufactourIg houas. Comminsion liberaL A. depost of £5 required at security. Plag culr of Mr. James, accounta., 4, Copthall-buildins.s Bi C. f OACHMAN, and COOK WTED-WATjl J in a private family, anu active yOung woman, from 25 to 35 years of ag who thoroagbly understands ber bustness, as good PLAIN ..0OOK. She muist be able to mate soups, jeWais, &c. A person froan the country weould not bs objected to. Also a steady single man as Groomr and Coachman, to drive a pair. Apnly to-morrow (Wedne - dayi. at Mr. Stove's, 114, lew,re-roal, Paodlgton between 12 .nd I o'cloek. S,_ifiE CLICKEllS.-WATED a exp nced -7MAN, accustomaed to men's and wmns o lane, trenching. Apply at 28, Old Jewry,Cheapedde betweenchang, MEW ZEALAND.-A SGEON, Butcher, and N ~Steward may obtain their PdAE for £8, to Ottago or Wellington. ASppy, between 6 and 8, t the Blao osbosy money order office, I, Broad-etreet, W.O. AS.-AGENT WATED, t London,to ot G orders for articles t ued S n the anu ure on,u ts garometers, retorts, p e.rs,pie, &c, Apply, with refrenc an no previously engedto . ,BrulyIi. B tloal CLICKa horugly cE about 17 year, of age,wocnwieel.Ads, ttg age, quail. Orations. per letter, t .B r etns 3 haad.___ SECRRTRYSHI.WANTE an -EN(GAGE. MENT as SE3RETAIIY to a s3iety or a. private idividual, or as Corrspodl'- Clrk.First-class te6tl'aonials can be given and4 *eco- ntS If required. Apply by letter to S. S M.. 3, Bo.tourt, Fleet-etreet. in a fis-laTssIda n. 'o a moun of prOemiu an oile arn c I IISof SMALL INCOME, ~ableto usethe bicme' airrpenl, Wil find a moderate buat useful addislon to terincome in as I ght and not disagreeable EMPLOYMENT at th Ar 0ownbns Apoly to C. P. Green,_15, Canterbury-place, Lamnbeth. road Ti~~INE ARtSind TTINER.-IA young snan,_ 12 acusome to he alec: aticesoonnected witth the above, is desirous of EBiPLOY T, eitheri shop or town traveling. hererenOc to lat employer a securit r desired Address P.A. EL, 61, Lamb's Conduit-street.W0 MLEDICAL PUPILs,-A surgeon, in good practice, ,LLattached to apublic dispeunsry,.has aVACAN UTfco a PUPIL, who would meet with a omfortable home. sad have the opportunIty of attending lectures and completing his medical education while under his care. Address M.R.C.S., 17, Wellington-terrace, St. Johnas, wood. r UCTIONEEBR's ARTICLED CLERK WANT. AED, by a city firm. poseessing ;a considerable and varioed btsin.. Ludasi be, o godeucation. Premium moderate. Address to I, B., c tre of Mr. J rse, Auction Mart, city. A GENTLMlAN, 31 yea o age wishes for an Z -RNQA.GE1IEZiT where his cdaempebaailble. Having been extensively engaged it e, he could undertake the management of a house in }Agland or abroad. He underatads book. keeping, and speaks and writes fluently Englis, Fench Gern, and Spaish. liAtisSActory references given hLsles . aeo l.. Goodhail, stationer. 9, Panrea-lane, city. 0 GROCERS.-WTED, a SITUATION s T SECOND C.UNTEMA, in the above business. Th preferred, Address A s. C, pest-offtce, Ware, Hurts. rJ'iO WHLOLESALE, HOUSES, &c-A middle-aged .Lgentlemnan wivhes for a81TUATIONasCiJLRK, Warebouema, Collector, Town Traveller, or any situation where trust and eonfdsua ara rvquired. Address W. J., 1. Wakefield-terrace, Csaedonuln-road ' BOOK S and BINDE T re,need workmanb z blosker and general s SITUATION. Apply to A.B., 4, Three Crowns-quare, Hgh-smret, Borough. T° TOWN TIAVELLERBS.-WANTED, a steady T YOUNG MAN to OANVASS, for some new publincatlons. A liberal wmmiion given. Address, post patd, to 0. O., post-office, Goswell-ro.d. O TAILORS.-WANTED, b the advestiser, a T LTTUA.TION as ASSISTANT OUTTR. Of goo I practical ex. perience, and h3a a thoro :gh knowledge ofthe basnes. Salary mode. rate. Addreas J. W. Taylor and Son, 16, Poland-street, Oxford-at.. W. To IRONMONGERS.-WANTED, by a respect. TLable Young man, aee 20. whio has akoldeo h furnishing and black trades a SITUATION as ASSISTAT, orCollecr. No objection to the country. UnoxcoDtonntle references can be given. Address AB.. St, King.etreat. Camden-town, N. W. rl O CARVERS and GILDERS.-To be SOLD .L WHOLESALE and RETAIL BUSINESS, in the city, establish d maun)lears, with unusual advantages and good connexion. Sum require about e£700 to £800. For farther particulars apply to A, B., at Mve.srs, Cotton and Wall's, S0, Cannon-street west. TO NOBLEMEN and GENTLEMEN re-cUnring Tassistance in the menazement of their estates, sither at home or abroad.-A gentlemau, engaged in mercantie and agey busineme in the city, with time athia disposal, is open to make ARtAXGEUMNT9 for the same. First-class references and security. Application lo be mande by letter only, to e. 10. Qoeseqn.etetreet, a £yfaIr. UCln ob z OBLlEM :N, Gentlemnen, and Estate AgenTS.- .j. A young man of experience in building operatlonswbho hAa carried outwoksonhisow rspurblity I oento an ENGAQBMnN-j. Co peteniconb£8 prprng egttinmates yofdiapldations, beoskeeping, and gOebnerealmanagemuent of an eatate.-A B., 2, Sidney-place, King!s-road, Chelsea. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ th TF:5O AUCTIlONEERvS, Appraisers, and SurveyorsI. Te avertser a horogh ractcalmanof 5ear'epre In the above professi£ons, woulgd unudoerta^e the MANeAGfEMpeNTrie aveist in a business. He is a good surveyor and drsnghtesnan, under stenda bu£idtng and estimcates3. valuatloss of property generally, and Is a go^d accountanlt, AddreesA. H., care of Mffr. Euller. 29, HIll-street, O PUBIC and PRIVATE COMPANIES.d-A gentleman, havingchambersnearPalaoe-yard ad ay pted tar copan. weld e hppyto makarneen,fr the toRAPISAIYFO of BonUSINEy,SSthern or wlic undertake the Secretacyshlp of a n embryo or au estabished opny. Themst satisfactory relerenceere od and given. Address to C. B., Mr. Liadley's, advertising asenS t 10.Cthcrineatreet, Strand. TO CL,ERS in INSURANCE and ACCOUNT. J. ANT' OP ICES.WATED, In the office of a public Corn. pany, as SECOND CLERK, a person of good address and abeut 23 zeaza o1 age, He must vwite a first-rate hand, and be thoroughly con. *ersaut with calculati-,ns of annuities, Interest, &o. Apply by letter, sating age, previous employmnt, and salary expected, to A.2 2, 7Old Palace.yard, Westminster, S.W. T°'~o TAILORS.-To be DISPOSED OF, a most Txellent T&ILOR's BUSINESS, vvhich has been estab;lshed many years. and is situate in a populous and highly resuectable neighbourtood, lI mile from the city. The average profit for the last live years has been about £800 per annum, The shop Is admirably fidred up for the buaslness. and is very commodious, having a handsome p^lteilasa front and workshops at the back. The house has tvro privat entrances, and the upper part might be let off. Lease nearly 1 years i nex ired at a rental of £65. For cards to view and other particulars apply to &[r. W. J. Scott. 4 , Ski nerstreet. inowhill. solictor. rF10 CAPITALISTS and others.-That very desir- able Freeiold Mansion with Land, calUed Franche Court Estate, sItuate in the Foreign of Middermineter, and county of Worcester.- To be DISPOSED OF, bpy Private Contract, all that desirable FREE. BOLD MANSION, Franche Court, with the orchard, lawn. shm,. bery, cottages, outbuildings, pleasure ground, and lands thereto belonging, and containing in the whole 52a. 2r. Sbp. This estato is ven worthy the attention of capltalista and others. The mansion is plea. aantly situate, fitted up with every convenienoe, and the Dleaswre groundssrroandig are tstefully laid out. The wholeoftheland s of S-st-rate quality, planted with choice fruit trees. and is admirably adatedfortheeretin o vilasor ounryresidences, the neighbeur. bo eing excetheding,l°y h°ealvtihUy,aSnrd,the ecenery ot thearouin ounntrry meet delIghtfuL. The es,tate alsoadjolus to excelent roadsan Is w.ithin lItmi le of a frst-cas railwvay station. For further particlalrs atpplyco John Harward, Esiq., solicitor; or MIr. Daviec, land agent, ITio PARENE-TS and G;UARDIAS. -. AP. . PRENTICE W , toothe dimond mounting and setting, In-doors. Apply 11M.Rbr lvr ,5lmntnere,Wl milnogn-square lrkndl T'llO PARENTS and GUARDIANS.-An architect, T avn an extensive and vairied practice, is open to takre an AATIOL' PUPIL, at a moderate premium. To enable the advantages presented to be duly appreciated an Interview isdeslrable. Addrees to J. S,. 2. Sprin-gardens. TO PARENTS and GUARD1ANS.-A manufacTOuring stationer, in the city, is in WANT of a repectable youth, as OUT-DOOR APPRENTICE. Ho would learn a thoroogh knowledge of the basiness. For cards ot address apply to the post- oe, S4, St. John-street. facing Smithfield. TO1 PARENTS and GUADIAN .-WATED, respectable well-educated youth, of food moral habits, at AP. PRENTICE to the stationesy business Good busines advanae q r' POff a«ered sdacofOorcabie hOome. Premium required. AdtdrBess r. r AW. - WANTED, in a city office, a thoroughly LA ompetent COMMION LAW CLERK. AddesA ,caeo Mr. Efliugham Wilson, bookseller. Royal Exchange, B.C. I AW,-WaNTED bya a fimof solicitors inthe ci~ty, a RNERY CLERK, competent to conduct Chancery busines tioder the superintendence of a principal. Addiese, eltating Wage an previous experience, to A. B.C care of Mesass Orger and Meyoa, stainesis, Bc, 8Beuchurch-etreel, Ac.mn T AW.-A gentleman admitted, desires a PERWA- streel, Strand, W,C~a IAW.-A gentleman, of 10 years' experience in conL.Aveysanclg, Chancery, and general bosinessl, who has been in one office clx years and has had the mnagement of an exteusive Oovkyancing pracel'e, is open to an P.NGA&GEMENT. Can be highly recommended for ability.BSaairyvrequiredA£200 per annum. Address I. .,Mr Jc kson's 95,St, John-stoudreet-road, ndntfimswb F AW.V-A managing clerkc, of good addres wFho has had15 ear' eperenc wih frmsof good standing, desires an EGAGMENTundr aricls, s, tke he gnerl maageentor T AW.-A gentleman, who is wel acquainted with LAconvoyanci1ng, com n la,adother brancheasof the profession, idesirous of obtaIning a SITUATIONas CLE ,EC. to assist in ,oe above-named departmentD, or to take the management of the general bssInet under the suDerinteadence of the prinol5aL SatSraory reeecscnbe given. Salay required moderate Address G. H., Mr. Maltby's, 41, Great Ma6leboeae.street, W. lAW PRACTIOE: in a thriving country town in the L. west o: England, to be DISPOSED OF, upoa oest advantageous tdrms, in counequenoe of the ill-health of the present Practitioner. Ap ply, with full name and Address, to A. B. (No. 769), 29, sex.streetk Strand. DARTNERSHIP.-WANTED, by an old.eatablished wholesale drug house. baving a large connexion as PBATER who can commnand about £3,00. Apply by letter to A.E, Mr. Hearne,' bookseller, Sl, Strand. DARTSPNERSEPW T, a PRTNR in a _well-etablshed manufacturing business inLondon, where thern is no oppo-ttlon,the only similar manufactory being situate 120 mlea fromn. the metropols. £2,0 wlt be required. Tha psaty oining ooald have - the etire management of the busnes.with a firat I thp premises. Apply (prinzipals only) to Alpha, 17, brLechrhestreet, city. T)ATNERSHlI', with Limnited Laiablty...EN VE6T £1,010 in the manufacture o Zartificia5l mmanures, andwilling to undertake the ex~clusive agency thereot for their retpecttve t'listrict-. ace requested, for further partieslars, to address (wvith realm nase; Agrbcola, Mdessrs. Davies and Co.'r, advertising offices, 1, Blrch-lane, city.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~e l)ARTNERSHIP..-An excellent opportunity gre- eents Itself o Or any GENTHLEAN who Is acquainted wit the duiles of the conting-honse, anxd can oommand a capital of L5 000 to jointhepresent proprietor In a businesestablished upwards ot 60 lear. from which a large fortune has been reaized. Fil partioulars may he obtained on appliCtlon tO btes3rs. Thomas and Cates, accoant ants. 9, Sine-jane, London, B.C. tARTNERSHIP.-A GENTLEMAI with £1,000 eis REQUIRED, In a mercantile business, of many yeara' standing open to the fuiaeet InvestIgation. Preference wi be given to one who could command further capital t a future Deriodtbere being facilities for grdually extending the busmesa to much larger preo rtions with safety. The higiest references given and required. iddresEL H, Mees?r. Davies and Co.'s. advertlsng oiices, 1, Finch-lane, Cornhill. 1DARTNERSHIP.-An opportunitt nWw Dresonts J itelf to a GENTLEMAN having from £1,0e0 to -_2,0 t oomrnand to Join an established engineering and machine's business, in full operation, and having a first-rate oonnexion. ~A'ny gentlemanL Of active businessbabits, who would be -uing to undetk th omr vial department of the fim ould find this well worthy of atteation. Applicatlons, wbieb would hoconsidered strictly coofidentla, may bo :made, bjy1 9i.W sl, 73$, li9ral 04110 ~linhgbal ITIACTS for EVERYBODY: A MscellanY Of Uaeful .. Knowld. mouthbly. No.1, November 1. Wad and ook, IMfE ARCITECas NWSPAPIR.-The SIL B1JIIDINO NEWS} oontasbeautiful Mustrattons, and is Dub. lisbed eerry iday, pric 4d. Sold by all bookellers and uewsrenders, -NJO. 1 of FRENCH READING for SELF IT rsrRUCrION, with an Znglish collateral tranlation and copious gramumatical and Idlomatica notes. By MARIOT DX BE&UVOBlfm IJust pabliebsd,crlce4d. Monthly. Loudon. Engham Wison. Royal Exchange. To be had ofall booksellers and newsmen. rHE GRAVESEND REP'ORTER, and XORTd TLENT and SnUTrH EtsEX ADVERTISER, from its extenso cIrculation, ptesents a most eligible medium for advcrtlsements, whtch are inserted at id. per lino. A reduction upon a s3rle. Publisheed every Satarday moraing, at ttre office, 46. Harmer-street, Grsves:nd. A ffreclmeu capy, free, on receipt of two etampt,. fONEY PANiK CS: their Cauitse and Oure.-Those 171.s wvho w.bh to understand the real cnulsea ot the present money criis houd rad he ANKCHATERAC, by JOHATIIAI DU7NCA2W, B.A., Anthber o lddin's Letters on Monetary ScieEnre, 4a. Price hs 6d,. free by port. London, Daniel F. Oakley, 10, Biter. rIH QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. CCIV., iS publbhed this day. Contentse:-1. Cornwali-2. Tom Browen at Bugby: Dr, Arnold-S. CommunicatIon rdth India: Suez anud Eu- Bcteet gs-. The Prish Priests-T.7.George Steplhenson andRaitl- THE COMIC LIBRARY, Rrice 6d. The first narmber ou November 1. The d gn of this aeral is tobna Comic Writers: tYit ill Include those bybe smith Horace Mayhew, Count Chlcart Craven, James Hannay, bgmus B. Reach. J. W Carleton, &c. ^;vsry number wililembrase a comnplete subleot. ind wlill berofuely Illutrated by L aeh,Gbert,aicn.Mine. Gaarn, Hen. iHE PRETTIEST G}IFT-BO)OK IHVER PUB.1 ISBHED.-The PICTORLAX, POCX}ET BlIT,B with nearly 30D beautiful Wood Engravngs Of all the great events recorded in the Scriptures. Goodclear trep and with 5O,000 reference; bound tn best morooco, for Is. sent post free Only tobe bad at JOHN FIELD's greLt Bible warehouse, t5, 1Rgent7s.quidrant London. Secure coDles early. A catalogue (tree) of the lsg1at, cXsapeset, and best stock of Bibles, Prayer-books, rnd Church I n the world. rTOB OHUR,H MISSIONARY I NTELLI thc'ltles, including a Narrative of the Clonversion of a Sepoy oor. poral, and his consequent dismUsal fronm his rtgtiseut-3. Missionay Conference at Ben sres-4. the Indian Mutinies: commnunlcatio,s respecting Calcutta, Bnrdwan, Benares, Juanpur. Gorruckpur Allahaba,AyMeer. N|Jbuebbulpur, Anulte, BIMultan, and Madras. fl[OOKl(AMS' LIBRAY : esitablished 176d.-The * newst boks. he bet andcheaest spplyto single subsciers amles, boobk socetie,ad colubps,in townOorcounrry.-l5, Old Bend-street. ~ ~ ~ ~ try15 TETTSu DIA IES,Almancks,&c., for 1858, Ljadaped b ie arrangement, andpiet all classes CataoRGus gratisttlio and Co., 8, Royal EOKS-n,and a1 booksellers ~~~~~~~~~ A. I -TDANA. f lid 1 SI?tourth gar N b reay I Noembr.Twelve large Begravings by Ansgne Herrn. WsirE Harry Hall, Wilson, and oth Edited bCER18ToBEf al IDLE, Es Price Is., in an iheuminatr.Poet fron for) 3 stamps, -Office,Ste 5, Essex-street, Strand, W.C. efpublicationmustforwar thi orders ti Mr pdL I , 1ERT and EAND SH fLl=IGO TompanTHedby reitane Withouta which n orer arFbeY hftcb RlLt trcen and an-ay, exeu,t Oxford-street. T i ~PEMOST MAGNIFCENAM-ANAC~Kof 3Thetb SEASO-n Noveb er 1 willbe published, prioe 6d., CASELL'Is ILLUTATE L containig upwards o 28 splendid enavings. In adton the usual contents Case's Muclutrated Alinanak tear s much valuable informatioa tht caot be obtind e Iti nusinbytecheapest, best, and mosft Inteetn n ntutv laakee ulse. London, Kent andpCe.: and all bo ors. Bl X 63., LcOKS.-Surplua Cop se o aud ' -J Historyof Englsnd,Dynevor Terrace, PIECey'sSi8n tine. Bishde Armslron4'e Life, ivan the Sleeper, and asny other books are neaw o sale aI B4ols ibtary, at greatly reduced prices. Cata. logues sent poet froe on application. BuM's library9, Holle-s6tret, Cavendlab-equare, W. BAHEXs GOOD R IN WINE,the professional slngees meet Powerful 8nd telling sozr, new edition, with Vocal h horus, Piano, and RBand Parts for an Orhestbra Composed by T. GRAY. Price . 6d. ChapellBnd By the salme Conm poser "Caller Oysters "gthe pro thimsteeuliully-telliag song. withiialaudlland f ~ fAeesrnuil b lae X,7~TR SONDS ho AARM:Song. Dedicated teAgtoht tBritish Army. II& ,d. a An effoctive song. which touchee he2ight3chord in the Patrioticbeart, at this eventful csisLs.Ih London, Robert Cocks and Co., New Banrlngton-street, W. tEW BALLAD, "US ^NEFAREIR and D EARER,"lt ianoetoryb 3. B. CARPENTER; music by OCHAIIIES GLOVE.L -Thisou~ netofrChyrles Glover's happiest productions. It is proclaimed a gtem by everyonewho hrsa hero d It. Price U. postofree oa rceipt of stnp. on3don, Btrs. W Dfdllams,11, Pateoroster-row. ij2 EART and HAND SHALL GO TOGETHER, LI Waerds by1C1ARLE3 JEREYS. Music by CHARLEro W. GLOVes. Ptrie0 2,, 3poslao e free. This bal bids fair to rival in popularity I companion, "'ihard to giv e te hand where theeart can neverbe." Brewer a and Co., 23, Bishopegats.street wiehhn SONG. the AMATEUR ORGAENIST, 4 Com lD prica ISa each: or in 24 books, Sa. each. The high patsonage and extraordinary sccees of this beauiful work hs oaused variouA toitatioas: the music are arl s therefore m bost respetfly soicited to order Travis's Amateur Organist, Lrcnn Lee, metoUpon,an mupiao repoidtocy 48. Albemarleo-treet. W. gstoDInbs OPERAS compee hfOr PIANO.- CarSta e n os OnS' Te, Po ule3er EDITlO, Y ao-rranged R llustraLned In in booth voalus, each cotin a lon desritinofthe plBot and1msc Bon mTrovaor lisrary Tra.Hoatals.' A AeMtt, is.; Lea OrURYes SROcVATnR,T, 5dby go.etet anMd po«pular anlae brUant. pubrlAex havoeo WDaed throug mhany dide musica y&-d oa'mul library, 28, Holes-strret II_ UDLF NRDM NIESW LAST PwitECS- por Ilsons,aranged in aoor boo fornapiano solo, Is4. ; taet Priso * ene inA-l TreatfOo, 3 D.t-oine sn15 Sohng'meo n ary oi.Hlsftreeat oet atvrt, thandree prgrndaivf wna ever p bice 4 r eaahTese vele popular 3 blat maux havepssed b throuh mranss su itio, Dolby(61h ffi Sons' musical lbrbry,y, ,8H.los-street 2 PARLFE'SR NEW QE S fNIN METHOBD, wnithoutneJ Bazon legri f contai 16 orihmnal ba lls Pand songs Ofrmv de motgara and phe ruoresiv, and Ior' evedr puboihd, 8tal pages, pBee e_Alo, Bufe't o Ins Coe iontryo the dasd, waodh, suin by Simsk 0treevo&es (dadtio.bs adw ttao great'eet smptungeb -U DoUclbyr(6bh edton) st. -2oand and Sons' musial, Libar,don. ils LLE Y's MU SI CALTF nIC, HY1-A for fou A esurier of Sabbtbo guea, ht te, momman dO t ofe cabe 1usi a00d Eounl aorks oeI wkanS and iaolo, wd kther continuas or-three1S Couiteas ordheof musctuIn the xountd.r ort fiie wr in Ln d CourparelD desa.-hewite l reatest p td e, Tull riculars byvpos n tb. seliesys're iondonaM. tin Frorn ALLet t h M SCryfa a ,t nAL earlyCE,0isncludIng wall ethex newShestby poobedo and iothuent excepionr of the cheanps andwthu botnd wotorks a tw ELNSo. 7 and CO., lo 17, Beoaerex Postreetmaqae S of t ORA OLDsESSOermE, posted in4 STEPHEN, rndE Pi 2s, . dllustrads Gd. Tis pogbyesleattre song wasoun by or. Wianed aThMe Dsi'sFrwl ur xedtiflynterestn, an ave nteetoc etea sd Conet ate thet Crsecntal Palac,toearly w 0,0 rshe s ItwseW bres nationaluf air.Lndon,dDuaf and Hoxf nn xfr-tet ONiS of th5e SEAS NS-tprig BlossoRDENsA posed by J.PI W. GLOVES. Price 2 . Gd ah Theesog Mes attr acons sedom Pbe fore r baine. TheiWtofred, by l Clrpntevn othe stg wetl , h the muioexllustrations,by Packer, Hodgaon, 65, Oxford-street. T4JWSONG he BRDGE o SIG S. -Written and compoed b ~AMEL LVER.Eeq.Price 2z. 6d. Thi ele. gentbalad ay e cnsidredoneof r. oven wrhapis poft elgr.i lion. Wrdsandmusi ar sqall plesin, ad esurtselber4 mingo Oxford-street. ~ ~ ~ Soo-aure tT VLOCtrtd no'osMAC, by rna.Sl STEHENGL VuERl, , AL priet. 2r6.fuith ac`le Potraits. Thlaegidbius are~-ser feboox; against the ndand.mutbsbedha aleay madepl his ameh a, household AL Illutrated n olors, by randar . Sl Cs duet~ s, CDe. sepet,Is.Gd. ful2o6hstra,mis, Aseplayed by eh. poatm' elebrsate-. Crysal alac had.Mublished bhy Josep WilAms, 1ndDo Cheasl de, ITENRY FARMIe reams ofRS ChldoVE WALTZESi Gte3.Allcatatedin Whiuspbyerana Solobv , and Sta dugect. Bannerte in he rstpar Is wihou eoeptin,thekas meatdlious, rdamorcandw bratedCrystl Palcedbad,ublse d.by Jost eeph illams,m23 Ch Bouqde. e hh on Earan altre-Blue yes. reams t Chidhood Btalrapl, Gasthr-p and 16 others, ncluding varsovanas.an'lkas, and ehetiohes Pino olo~Gd.dues G iba.p , RkaIVoan- IITESROP's100 PALMS and H MSfrfu 100TEEORAPH RS and HmsorteeviEs,Gi.;VERSto's Marel Sons (armnS-Ac ra),all olofis WMesto 100R PRISSEalmsoaneracre staoies, forktheOrgnis4andmaHrarolsm, copEiter. stek peatsfre 14 zn plteai por beun= naclohrpl d.eah preat free 20 olsrtam onpla-nk, bypHtfrGI samps tw o ANo..7 sTA -asfige. 42 Fleet-street, .C MORTGAGE or SALE-Esse_-WANTED, .L £15.~000! at about 4 per cent.., upon the security of a freehold estte,witin ~ ,lie ofLonon,conistngchienlY of accomu,ndatiou land,let to oll tenants, tegoenterwioth a family mansion-ho in tiark grfounds, ,a gbentle man's mnoderate residence smeCotgs nstrt of mst hghlyvalublebric earh wih me cottages, and a tract sale cheaP, wlle timbered and borldly oudsited. Apply to Mr. Alfred COx, estate agent andF surveor. GO, Nev Bond.otreet. iFo. 404 M ONEY.-WANTED, toINVEST £7,000,inoneor A -more suns, at interest (whbih mav be postponed if requir-d) upon secrity ofra rprl rrvi ns omneY In the funds. Address Mr. Tucker, solicitor. 14, Gulsdfourd.trect.Russellequa. MIJONEY.-To Warehousemaen, Manufacturers, and .lKV.1ercbants,..Every description of MERCHANDISE ~PUR. CHASED, and p3id for in msh on deUisery. Advances made against commfissons or oosgnogmenta for sale, by S. A. Hart, 22, Uury-ttroet,St. IMary-axe. B.C -0NE'! ADVANCED on mortgage of freehold, 17.copyhold, and leasehold propert, reversions to money In the fud,and otherwise, life interests under wills or settlemne,,ts, legacies, annuities, and other approved -euitles. Apply to Ha. Young, Esq., solicitor, 10, Gray'-lunsquare, and CAPITAL EMPLOYED.-WALNTED T EETLENL&N. of buies300t it W at commnand, t act in unison with a fietleman of sric Probity and commercial Influence in a very lsoc'stlve business Address toEZ. A.. Mr. Roberts's newspaper office. 195, hhoredttch, Opposite Eastera Counttes Railwaq. 'EN to 12A per CENT.-To Capitalists and others. 3. -laterest as tisa rate may be obtlined by any person having money to lay out upon bone fids so 'urities, under their owvn control. Pniasoly attieudel tor by aipUcattion to Mr. Collise, land gont, 54 onaue-place, Bedford-square. T° CAPITALISTS.-2500 WANTED, the LOAN T.oft, for two yesrs, repayable In quarterly instalments. Unqueistionable security. Nonebutprinc3lplalwfli betreatedwith. Addrss potpaid, to A. B., 14, ba e-tret, CaCa berwell New-road, R n - rr be SOLD on moderate tersiS, the RIGHTS of To BREGISTERzID INVENTION of a most useful ARTICLE:, for which a large demand has been obtained. The abova lI suitable for turners and wooden ware manufacturer. Slatisfactory reaon lr disposing of the same, with particulars, will be given to princIP31t onl'y on application to T. R., 4,Cmrdeire, ElIgh-street, Kings.'and TIV.ENTORS, Patentees &c.-A gentleman is d;- 1.sirens of employing £-500 or £1,000 in wrorking a ohymical or meeabinicel Invention for an HArtce In large genera: demand. Apply to Mr. Dirobn,, BrIls~ xnd foreign patent agency office, 32, Moorgataetreet, city.
OARD ad RESIENCE.Gordon.square.-k tieu to a married couple and one or two siugl.e gentlemen. Dinner at 7 O'clock. Aoz,ly to A. B., KAr. Russell's, 6, Frsnrls.st., Torrlneto..q BOARD and RESIDENCES With all the comforts of Bhome. are offered by a lay, In tbe imnmediate vicinity of Bedrorjsq"ure. Terms very moderate. Referencem requilred. tjards of addres A. R. 15, Great Rnssell-street, Bloomsbury. or tws tes, i theftml of a married elergyminn. in the caunty Of Dvn A oy carrIage is kept. Terms, eleg-Y, SO guineas. or for tosses 6 guIneas per anunum. Addres 0. W., post-office, B"ltzr.ry-squ.re, baving chaniged proprietors, offr-s t adle. ee-- tleiuen,and m&rried oouples superIor aceommoda'ti.LreZ rooms, and ltberalts,ble. Terms moderate. o.Lreiyr'u I)QABD an-dILlDGIDNGae offer POtntyowi JLJtfer Idteselfmotherhonsdodaug famlyrw gsterics wrhaeo Ioul Lonupn o an lady ror-b aetmarrieorlmarraed couplem deleo of gre dlre u abat wibhout hermn, Ind goo arey pnoa rtofniLedswAdternearS t.o Ceainton luosrue,12Re& eT-srty.X . BOARD and LODGI -Aarofe adyt anedo her dLP itadler- wothe and dagBtrVE or twoRsRsers COw PLEd op ton bed tkroomb lA married Guladyend gtlewhmanhe offgeatresetad tmihodtcildrn, winh an aoiurt arte ofBarseruater, near to K.ensingtle. garen, eragopdny tohe da, W.i Paferson gret arownandtCo.' 10, Cl- tachdwthgt der fish to Ridretr, wtla aARee lED wOxlk,orth parks. A good platin tahle. Dinner burX 6 I&CLOCs. Iteferenees exohanged. Address A Ii, S. Canterbury Villas, Jadatd-hihll Two ladle oocupyIng one apartment recoeived on modermat teinir. LOARD and ~RESK-DEN CE.-Siuporior Home 7for ABPxoungLe.diees-Awidowlady,.whore blti. educatIon, and s3ete position give her the entr6e tnto the hodt society, has taken a large house in one of the most favourite localities in Brightonasaer muaenet rcsidencc, and Intende terming a famnily party' (quItedin"tinc from the principle of a boarding house), lay reriving two or three YOUNG LAfl1his who could he introdnced to her friends., and, if agreeable, accomDany her into society. This advertisemens is especially addressed to guardians and orphanagmu ladies ceeking fer a refined home anid the protection of a la1 Well accutstomed to the usages of good society. To save trouble, Itbis requested that none hat those who wen offer liberal ternme will reply; And in no ease can replife he, attended to withoat name, re-ic ence, and some partlmnlars Address iPoste Itestante). to Mms Fertecue, general yot-office, Brighton. DAR1.-BOARDING.HOUSE, for famnilies and children Terms 20.. a week or So. a day. Pavilion and garden. Addrs Ma e Ffvre 47, Avenue Sit, Cloud, Barridre de l'Etoile. A Comfortable ROME fer an - o1derly-8eteat,I private famIly near Lymlogton, Termes Zi per annum, or two giasaweek, Apply to Ii, P, W., posit-ofloc, Lymington. Haute, EHOMIS,for a gentleman, inl a clergyman'a family, A~resldeati Lu Opea and most healilifel spot, two mlleit west of Hyde-perk. BlY letter onl, k. L. R, ldesec. Saerwood annL CO., I6, Ludgate-hill.. rrwo YOUNc jA)E, agteso a clergyman, i are anxious to meet wiLth a LADY 5toRSIDE with them. Uoexceptionable references given and reqjuired. Address J1 . SW., 96, Sloaaie-uis-eet, Knightsbridge, B.W. D3ARTIAL4 BOARD and aBDRO E JLQUIRED, In a respectable Fec rGra aiy yald engaged in tuition during the da. oalt nerEcleosqr. Adidreess, gtating loweat terms. to . ,,2Mlmay.akirae id miar-road. Stoke Newireton, N. DARTIAL BOARD (or Apartmnents EURV &P by agentleman, within a circle of two mile ofthe QPaddi5t Triu. Terms to be moderate. Will he taken for a permanency If suitable. Addres elt4Ling particulars to B. J,L., r es,s tioner. Westhoanru.pace,lllshOD'*-road, W. es,ea A DAUGH ae cmp tent eatch the rudi. ment& of F'rench an ui,i odsho,wee for her seevice as jreier teacher. sh ol eev esn r mmaceee, Addres El LIbrr,Cepi A in Paris, is desirous to RECEVIVE a YOO1NU LADY who ma? -wish for the advantage of Parislau mastes,ood society, and maternal care. Tho bighest references given in Engla:nd and required. Address by letter, Doet pid, to l. B., care ot Mr. Canningf, lhrary, 6, Place do la Madeleine, P1aris. V reuirng te sore,andwishng ocombine ecoonomy with dometiccomort canne ecevedin aselct stauraeut-.the as- A MARBlED MDICAL MAN,living in the Li neghborhoo of Lndon hasnow. ACANY ax a RE6t. W YKE, HOUSE Sion-hill, -near Erentfor4.7--A prri- VYvate estaclishmeut for the residence afnd cure of ladles and eitlLadn mentally ailitiobd. conducted by Mr.ROBERT GARDINER 71'0PARLOUR IBOARDERS-A comfortaible TLHOIIE in a country house, well situated, to available at the reasonable terMs of coneguioea per week. For further particuars apply at the New Opea Hotel, Bow-street, Corent-gardem. M rffelo uner hemiler ors, am e ECEIVED inte the famly f meica mn, ho ashadmor tan 20 leave' experleneo In he reamen ofsuh rrer LOaliy ealthy, and within eight nile of ondn. Aply o A,, cre F.CP Philps, Esq., 44, Lin- PARLTMENTS, Furnis hed o nnnse, near- A..the Marbleachooneasting of a draLwing-room and tao bed Aou PApplyENT CordFurniset. een-tot tidawnrgrom, neor wobedroms,waer-loetadjoining. No A PA}.TMINTS,Furnshed in Are stret cr. APRT JNTS. with or wihotBo.gwutr. n"ished sitting room and bed roomr. Family private. One mile from Southend Railway Sitation. Terms.-- apartments,124.; hoard, lie. Address Rev. J. Wager, Frittleweil, Essex. 5lfgtou.gardens-.drawing rooms, several bed rooms with bath room, M exoelienily turnished, comfort, cleanliness, andi atte-ndanoe-A, 23, beonsh31Ir-ter,aoe, Craven-hill, Hyde-park. A PARTMENTS, Furnished highly repectabl-y C3_situate, near the law Courts, public buldns,d. IcOnsisting rA parlour, draw,ing roomn and bed rooms. ea h ndler'. Extra 1'~4 rooms if requnire.T e lt ogther r separtn, on moderakte ternm. A PARTMENTS to be LET,in, the house ofa ,Lx private family at Kilburn, healthily staeI h ihsatn tbree minutes' walk fromn either railway or omniustthciy Siable forgentlemen ongage~ddurgtbe day.Partilhsd1 eur Term moet APArTMENTSy (moderat),tter,h neigbouhoo ofWeshouue-errco,Hyde-park. U'URNISHED AARTMENTS-~0bed roomis Iand se o siting oom-or gntlesn,a Oopportunity for two brotersor thewis. Trmsmodrus, ochIdren. Oamnibuses pas th ed -f te tret. ddess0, .,51,Co1shll-tre aton- u 17SE) PRMNTS nthe -neighbour. Ihood of Xenningteu. for one or two gentlemen: a lint floor, having superior socomimed4tion. Terms moderate. The use of a. piano and library if required. For cards ar-ply to MIr.Wnrren, 5, Iligh-etreet, Newington -butte. F'Wandswortlr, eIght minutes' from the railay station ; omnibuse to cily and west end;: large and comfortable bed room and sitting rcom, with attendanoeo,12s per week. Addres Mrs Collin, Wezt. bill, Wandsworth. 8,W. ~MJRNSHED PARTMNTS,St- Johns--wood.- L' n legnty nd ewy FRNSHD DRAWING RooSt, URN ISHED APARTMENTS, in the ploas3anteat F part of Kentith-town, within fIIemnts fth adnr town. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~e UTNFUFRNNISHED AARMETSWATE, or 5Ja married lady, i-ith two children-one sitting room, with two bed rooms, and use of kItches, in a bealthy locality in town. Addreos, ctating terms, to Mr. immes, 3, South-square, Gray's-lane. ,AnLz.-T.o be LET, on a term from October, tllarge and splendid APARTMHNTS, with stables and ooscch-hem -Place de Is Madeline, No?. 7 ('AMBERWELL-GROVE.-To be LERT,to ~two %_/gentlemen, a FIRST FLOOR, handsomely Furnished. Terors moderate. A secnd sleeping apartment iftre-uited. Apply at 5, PanIc-buIldings, Csmberwell-grove, between the hours of 3 and? 7rvm., ONSLOW-SQUARE, -To) be LET, PART of a HOUSA handsomely Furisbhodonsistlag of two drawing rooms, twoecr three bed rooms, or the whole house can be had it requleed. Nor cardls to view apply to Mr.-1hannon, post-office, Bromptonl. ¶CLLENT LODGINGS for GENFTLEMEN, E2 rm6& MG. per week, In a handsome epacious house, near the British Mussura-viz. a bed room, use of cheerful slttinc and other rooms, the leading newspaper,. do., with all attendance included. N(o ~J APATMENT, conistingof 11rooms kitchen, do.; adapted eiter ora pivte r refseona rsidnc, o fr a dressmaker's b'sslums inb LET byteycarr foater. Norates or taxes, and immdiae pssesio. Aplyat etes. ber',BrtIsh and foreign EIHAMBERS to be LET-a sot, comprising two 1, healthy and snug rooms, in an excellnt situatIneand the Furniture (about £0 e no beSl.bs utn h osenr wil C'IHABERS nd OFICES.Tobe LET, at the 0FFICES to be LET, ant6, Adelaide-street, Caizrg- TAW.-To be LET, FURNISHED OFFICES, on L'.the ground aoor,.nearBboonmbabry-square and titsnew pogt-office, Idolborn. App)ly to Mr. Finnis, honses agent, 65, Great Russell street, Bloomsbury. B RS urey Sssx or KeBnt.-WANTED, to acres, Housetocotitheofour beet bedrooms. Address,igiving foil partcularso , X.vtoie Windsor, Berks. 0 USSEfILor BEDFORD SQUARES.- WANTED, in the neighbourhood of the above, a FURNISHED HKOUSE, for six months, with reven bed rooms and three sitting rooms. Full catlulara to be rent to James Watkins, upholsterer, 5?, Lamb's Con. finuit-estzeet, W.C.- I) LACKEATH.~ANTED,by a gentleman and U ldy.wihou chldeu,a wllFURISED HOUSE. containing not essthanfiv be roos. t wuld e tken Frsix mouths from the et ovemer.Lettrs ddresed10 Me.Wod,31, Kensington- fl MPSEA, Ttteba, o StkeNewington- WANED,to UltHASt. or couatln. ab HOUSE, of abot 1 rnni, ithgadenorlan ejoiin ofatleast a quarter of so cre I wih tabin wil e pefrre, iret , Merere, New- LARMV WANTED.-A gentleman wishes to R-ENT F'about 2CO acres, with good fawily residence, The land muLst be ged,iethmuisabls huoldings, nearb a tation, nDotvery fsr from London, and if lately farmed by a gentleman preferred. ultfl particltolrsto P. P., post-office 8, Park-street, 0us"d- u-town. FACTORY WAZNTED, without steam rower, in * 'the nelebbeurhood of Bouhbllrow, Bethnal-groen,or pllalfields; suitable for the wmaufacture of fringes and trimmings. Must contarin spacious givine out rooms and light workahops, and bef onsouiderable extent. A, dwelling house attached would be preferred. Apply to Barnard, Itosentbati, and Co., 131, Chespelde. .lJOUSE WANTED.-WANTED, to RENT, for -JL ttreo Mouths, from middle of November, a HOUSE, in the vicinity of Hfyde-p3ark anid Kesuinctou-eardenis to oeutain uot less tbhn fire bed ronan. No chilaren.7and finmiturs well co*red for. Address. Ptating lowest rent for the three months, to kG, A., Commercial sale Booms, Mincing lane, city. A FA MWANTED, to RENT, of about 100 or -.200 acre of odln hs moderate residencee.at a smoab0e X45. A4dresser.D., 9, Cayton-teeet, Kenolngton-pyez. .USIN~ESS PREMISES WAN~TED, with Dwell- lng.bouee and Workshops (or workshops clote at hadno b Jected tII, sutitable for a 8ianofortemaker, tear Ojxford-stret preferemd. Addrese C.D1) 0 xford-street. BjusinESS PREmitES WANE,Ws end.- PP,EKISES In the piarisheis of Et. Jamess t ere n Strand.. Apply to Mr. Oakley, auctioneer andladaet8,eente. WVfterloo-place. No charge whatevermaeoporits nw. treaty be oonclctded through Mr. OaLke'sinodcon I _tESSRS. GREEN and STANS ElYdesre toWcll ,LXthe attentiona of proprietors to the facitltesa Dow oaerdfr LETTING or SALE of TOWHq PROPEItTY. PartIcular aceregs. tered free of cbarge -28, Old Boud,Ftreet acine,esta"et u AUTA.OTN BEERS', Brokers', and Generalttinr A42a Castle.lreet eart, Oxford-street. near Her Majesty', entrance to; eireI'rlueea'Thea%tre.-W. OROFT8I. Country auctntersea orders executed. N~~I~~~MovAIJ.~~~Messrs. Rl3kU~ are completed. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ healertine ru beIJT the FARMSof GILBI~DGE a~nd 14ent, containing 235 acrem Apply So Mr. J. B. a~ GI',_-o Kilrremulr, W. B. rp%O be LET,o BOmD - fira llag HO 0E, i aed .HOJUSX pleasantly situate, vacated solely in consequence ot th. tenant leaving London. Rent £31. The beat houAseat that rentit he, Metropolis. Blinds, &c,, to be takeo cheap by the lu'coDmingutnant. Appiy st 10, AMes's-row, Lower-road. silngton. fl't PERSONS INVl5STIlNG.-Extengive LJIS.& T HOLD PROPERTY to be SOLD. Will ,y 32 per cent, on thepuechace money. For Particulars apply to John Evanus, rsq., 10, Jobn-street, Bedford.row. 7i5O CARCASE BUTOHER-Te SEofa T"' LICENSED SLLUGHI'ERHOUJSE with apartments it required, on moderate termm. at lbs east end. Apply to Mr. 0. Skit,) counLty auction rooms, Kiugm-plaos, Commeretal.rod. ezat. fF0U WATQHMAKERS,=A -bthna fi~de BUSIXEM JL to be LEE%. Premises excellently situte, vtll-fitted shop, plateglsasfront. Rent low. To be entered on for value of hxtures No, stock. Addreee0. D.C.,3, Colonnasde Oheltenham. TT"O STAT LO.NEJRS and BOOKSELLERS.-A first- L- elas BUSINESS to be DISPOSED OF at the West end. Noteneed apply who cannot coaminud £4,00. ~Lzect or apply to Mr. I Holmes, 195. oxfordl-street. rlio mlAPERs.S. Cardiff- To be -LET, inI t~he pdcv treet of this flourishing town,I a dtrect)lne with theEa8t and West Bate Docks, a first-rate DRAPERY and OUTFITTINGQ RUdElNESS, Stockt inood order, and bought well. Moderatoe pital, required. Apply to Alpha, Mr. Alien's, printer, Oardiff. T~()be DISPOSiED O1F,A - GE! ~ERAL ~DRAP"i~r TLan GROCERY BUSINfESS, posseming peculiar advantagers, which has beer. successfuly carried on for upwards of 30 yeasm by the, precent mptatv, who Is now retiring. Apply to Mr. C. P. Phnips xenea gent and valuer, Felatead, TAmer; or Mr. W. T. Count, Man.. TPO BOOKSELLERS,Pitr, and Stationers.- _ - 3,r. Heln,ee Is lintructed to DISPOSE OF a cRet-da,, BUStNES, i ~farionbl ton, bot 6 mIesfrom London. The stock. fixurs,an godwllwil aout o bor £,20.The netprfit, extendng vera prio of i yar, amunt toupwards of leoper an.- mm. t br ben stalIshd 5 yers.andIs capable of sreatLin. proemet. o a enerpiaig yungmantbhisdI an opporbinuty leldnom meatwiotth.ewitngotedeat Tofp theprpieo.th e sMO l - causneo ltmoeat. Apply to Mr. Holmes,trade valufr,agnd&t, sad.- uconer19,Oford-street. f¶O BOATONSLERS and STOAT-HNEB,9._Xr. JLHolmewstsea for DISPOSALO an Improin BUSlRNllS in Io lednsituation aet tewe n. To anatv party,wt Z wto £A00 it woouldpbo a g ood inestet Appl toifort.l Itole l trad vaMr. a1lnd gent, 19 Oxford-street. xordtUt ri'to SATIONES andanOK otheRS-In to Hole ishs t DIPOE OF a smalSIUNESSIn ledin situatio wet. oanctive arty with £30t £4- It e coulden ble mae to produces alomf heortaleho lIvngtenihoro. Apply loM.Hle.tade agent lland tradoe, 195,Oxfr ad geet, 15 xodikbt NURS SLAIOERYME, Boseler,and FothristsTTo be1 ODLE OFaUSIESSO,. with god ftrnm sandoeele, a plat.- eslambfrnt.d ToUaSERY,m with exte0site welgoukld proveaefeinet.- ment asIt s alosttheonl sho Inthe ithbouhooot wapply to-ee Mr. Hlmes,trad valur andagen, 195 Oxfod-s wee larag. o rm IONSThrEWSYUAEN, Scame an Flrit,.L intonbe rdISPsEDO.VaMILaRbortditnefmLod,a ld esurtalhedetiNUroERY, withoo bedtntewl-tce rud,te siln th lapital reenhouse, ndts,o allhaen ihhtdae;tgte with a onveni.ent DwellDin-oue an 1 e Sop20l0arngd o bumse ISHTW I E,1th stbigadchiehueatahd h rmelrdsate, elgbystae,and ore held onb ease on whic eIhy2 loeaity ar bAnexpire toaner ret. GE or.urtherlparticulrs appl Oar Messad, ooPageand Camgero land loftydi and dswrve rooms , Old Boroad-sreomt.an Sit. [u fie e dpedNhTorl-aiQU roe,dn mayeat, closntxe 'waKen.o so-sdn.F MLR~Eo obel orET or e50An1,B.C -four , reefon rooh s wintgoo bedh romomsbtt-rowmaso, abeudowir. nte room ecloe saIe e nt ranceSF FAndInne hi, larONs oktitce,butle's pam dntry. ollh, linght adr breeAmet, abundan eigtoliarage,ad thome, gaorloe tcb. Rent £55;n prodcice£,00 Applye oadn;na the preise,ck Inetseeparns or Sdld cleapdo, underthis oln4thy localty, handsom.eB Freilwat.Lea Two years. Grou Lndorntb £5i. Apply to Mr. CDrudley, lud gntKisl-oto,p HBuceks.nlw.Tob 5.3 IcT,for he wnte wit Immdiat poera moderate-lsizent som dnin, haing ad reafat oom, Igt o nnebe hdrooms Landagnt, WinsVLow , B cok,. n 1 omr aadn i od (7 ENT, to mie, fom oe sttionandt onemiue d JXahslfrom ur,tbr.-Tobe LE. Furlohed aamoderate-sizeat backstarcaee,walr-cnees, fn, hredsitin room,ad i all eduisatedometicoffie, nd arrats' ed oom.Hgodcellrs;m threq. Wand 21, Edeeware-roed2,Oodui stW.twes TlNSTEN-GARDEN PecneamrWest5ourbe-Lerr&,ea .L Hadoc IL, olll, 3rOmS,Esaninthin a good-d sire garen.thresiuto mis veryohaltyindor pl~deasnt nun.re frtoar artsofacityan west e ndWol be letk at a02rs veryt moderagteof seotnt tovaerea;etab t1cen,ant The villawoul beold ootifr vequredya ac comodeatepocn for pargdeticularshapplyto B. pprderrecl by. a0 etand. 21 Pultydiy ordr toiw. apopston Rem., 2,ee Oonduit-nstrytest,t ageltgandsutioee-m 28 N ld ndaeare sburetrL Ld Tohe ET ufurled the end IrOS in this-splendia tervracke, c-omman.dingcview, over Xocittnuar.the wihinousejcooe taidlusegt beoudro om,botaf nd dresing oomtis,ot handsomeauotiiuyD ecotrated droawngdom lefy adin inoob dnserato ry, lingrosbrary, oogroo brand dnin prloom,light hee roulmsitchena fte r ne, and caiavoesi flet Cravlente doestco, Craen- hl,neapr uWe wltdouwn-tarae; of platea,gv Gillowr andrCoi,ilpdectxord.sree.ToettEI0nIe;= milesed frotmt indtbre,land ~thre-qarersnnm Mr. C uKS , 5iRec elstet Dvr J1mmor Saoxonthe Lodonandbur Stotn wath Sut-W estr anT, WindKSEr lhine-T bepLETl uANmuLYsh RRLDQOZTit lwn sANr-dUns, irst-atonfamtily orenadence, ironda parkm ouwOace, wt dthcedrigta W tshd omptiing ovr150atehres,andu fshing. The houseconxtains ILeverya. cmmoaldessngforagoom,adeotabihmerto ineapproac thedb canbenraRceleoge,adsrone b yueepr' om berautifulple,uegrg and. t gadmen,. Forfo Frterms and oardes to view apply to MessrsBi. reen andmBanb. ett agnt ad ucioees,2, neld enad-gnet. BJsre, moern.LD detahPsed'esioEnO, a situated withinone ie orE DBove.Th ousee sytand,acompleately dmrgeetacedinesowtabredgalai-ou grund o abut alfan cr cotais hrdomi he ewpoticoen comlet meti ofice. Te pincpalwinow,. are of plateigass and veryhingis i perect eder To be let a 10 on sle,ate or1 sted gan QUYtTobeLE,furnished, for ntte ntreyas th£1 erWannum. iL s8asonY-or 'loner LOdRE, wBEY ithin2W ine oa buthe tibroydn Ralw,ayd Steation,roand enearlyncontiguous to the Cshorehof Toraytiand Sotationi enthe rndnandeBrI,ghetonbule andcorrdoblreLE, dplntatind walk,, orna ,mena oround,greenhose detached roomslibrvy fr10 heorsdes,htcompacte buidigtrom-yatreed,irae,and ro ms,eatenowe rnomdrsing rffoos, sablndfothr IShonenenoe ton lohe chamer adoors, ooenteance-forlallabow dramingoroom and library, bowedining room, coa room,houskeepr's oom, ervat,' all,an s ouuly halfdomiestcofices. For erm an cads o vew ppl toMears, apae lyroy o Me. o L9LETor SOD, wih posesslo, a ter;ue oAr L RSt-rk 1I'RAXOE.-TERRE de 1'EMINENCE (Ni6vre), F.Arrondlssement do CD-ne-Mr, F&IlEAU-LAVANNIV wil? SELL by AUCTION, at one Pale, at the Ohamber of Notaries at P'aris, on Tuesday -iecember 1, 1817, in eight separate lois-Lot 1. IThe IRON WORYIB of I'E)ILE*NC~, of Bally, of Cbamps Doux, the Foret of Douzy, and other Property, containing 1,324 he-n. 32 ma&o -uPse price 8i0,fYjf Lot 2. The Forest of Garennes, thick woods, and lodges, containing (lOhec,152ares-upest price 610,0MO. LotS, Forest of Cbimarouvean and Log,cnann 06hn 8ae-PsEt prior 450,M03. Lot 4..Wood of QuxbierinoocntainJng2lO3hec,71lares -OEect p.-ioo S000f.f Lot 5, The Meadow of the BEang du hIsnoh, and the Lodge des V&Ufes. containing 87 hec. 59 ares-upset price 80,0001, LotG C,Old Eallworkmad laudat Doozy-upEet price45,OOOf Lot 7, Thtree Houser and Laud, rue des lisurs, Douzy-upset price 5,0187. Lot&S Gar.iener's House, &n.-upset price 2o,toWt, Apply to, Uir. Falsenu-Lavanne, notary, 55, rue Vivieume. Paris WRITCHUROH, Oxfordshire, one mile from. TV the rauigbourn Station, on the Great WeetemnEiwro be SOLD, with immediate posessiton, a newly-erected detached FREEHOLD) RESIDENCE, containing dinng, drawinig, breakfat sud housekoeeper's rooms, four principal bed rooms, drcserns room. aud wateroloset; three servant,' bed rooms, kitchen, ecullery, excellenh under-ground larder, cellars, and usual outdoor officer, with a good supply of spring and snft water; threoe-tawl stable, harness room, coach. houe wth ed oomove dito,andlof ovr table, good kiteben gardn, enae lwn,wIt flghtof isp frm carriage drive to frsntdoo, Tis roert Issitatd e anemiene commanding extensive I TIRNEIM ILL, Sucrrey.-Fjegant Residenoe, with N.E. Stabling, Fleaure Grounds, Vegetable Gardens, Conservator,, OGrapery, Melon-pits, and about three acres of Land, Pert Freehold and part Leasehold for 27 years with early poseeereov.-ToplIs Son, anLd Herding are instructed by the Executors of the late Win Evening. ton, Esiq., to SELb a most desirable RESIDENCE,. in this favoreUdd and delIghtful localty, erected from elegant designs, after the rmas chaste and approved style, and under the superintendence of an emi. nsent architect, regardless of expense, The interior Is replete with~ eveny comfort and convenience. In elAborately decorated, and in the moet perfect state of -both substantital and ornaental sear Th. pounds of about an acre and a half, are sheltered from publF.Icrb-serra, tiort by well-grown timber trees, and laid out with groat tarse in sloping I lwns suddd wthparterrs of flowers, and Planted with cholceyoug ed hriingshubs, The shaded walks are of conulderable ox- lnt,andled t an mrround the mneadow land, of about thee acres ~d utiv veetabe grdes, melon grounds, Rrapery with vjine In heaing focin-pts farm-buldiegm, ko. Iihe stble and coach-- hous arein acorrsponIngstyle of archltoctoLro with the residence, and benanty sppled ithwater, The whole of the pDropertp is of the mos pefec chracer, commanding unintertupted 5tecspeeta ot etextent n euy near a church, and withIn half an hour's ride, omtecnrofthe metropolis Particular and eards e -toiew lma be obtandAtioeflre ot Meesrs. Toplis, Bon, and Harding, 18 It ?Al's crhar,O.
NONEY-MARK.Tand CITYINTBLLIGENCZE Monday Evening. TheBank of Fngland have to-day raised their ra'e of discount from 7 per cent., which was adopted on Monday last, to 8 per cent. This step is solely in consequence of the American eows. According to the latest dates, the rate of - xchange even for the best bills had fallen to a point 'which would give a very large profit on gold from Englaud, and, although, owing to the possibility of ;a sudden rebound, speculators on this side might -lesitate to undertake the operation to a heavy extent, the amount of bills tranamitted from New York, with direct orders for returns to be made in specie, coupled with the sums being despatehed by our capitalists for the purchase of securities, involve the certainty of a further drain, against which the most prompt precautions were requisite. The public were aware that the question of an advance to 8 per cent. would depend entirely upon these advices, and if the Ariel had arrived at her expected time the maovement would doubtless have been adopted three -or four days back, since the later accounts, brought vi0 Boston, are scarcely eso bad as those with which she started. The rate now reached is equal to the highest known in modern times, and -our only experience of it was for four weeks from the 25th of October, 1847, when the railway panic -attained its climax, and Consols were down at 80, the Bank bullion having been reduced to 8,312,0001. and the reserve to 1,547,0001. In the present in' stance it is unlikely that the pressure will last even to long as four weeks, but, as our condition must -dpend upon the course of the American disorder, -and it is impossible to conjecture what may be the next turn of frenzy, we must hold ourselves prepared for all contingencies. According to the accounts to-day everything had been brought to a dead lock. Debts could not be paid between distant cities because there were no safe means of remitlance, and produce ready to be converted into gold could not be forwarded to port, owing to the absence -of any power of obtaining advances upon it. Every -one saw that if the machinery of ordinary custom -could again be set in motion all would instantly be righted ; but in no quarter was there power to bring about such a result. Whether escape would be found through some final convlsion, or through a slow and fluctuating convalesence, no one could pre-dict, but it was certain that, matters could not continue long in their then state. Among the con-aiderations on the favourable side was the fact .that the stock of specie in the New York banks still stood at 2,28C,0001., which is be.yond its average amount, and more than 500,0001. in excess of the total held at the corresponding teriod of last year, while their note circulation wa3 less than at that time. The Californian arrivals of about 250,0001. each fortnight would also be -retained, and in less than a week the Vanderbilt would be due from Havre with, it was believed, 200,0001., to be followed shortly by the 320,0001. lately despatched from London and LiverpooL Against these prospects the only alarming point is the poswibility of the run upon the banks for hoarding purposes, which had already atsumed disagreeable proportions, becoming altogether ungovernable. Meanwhile, as regards our own position, in all those branches of trade not connected with America there is a total freedom from uneasiness. The circumstance merely of an advance in the rate of -discount to 8 per cent. for a fewr weeks to meet a temporary evil in which all other nations participate can inspire no dread on the part of any solvent houses. The difference bet'reen that and 5 per cent. -even for two months would amount only to an extra 10s. per cent. on all the accommodaiAonr they might reauire, and if their eapital and current profits are inadequate for such a contingency they can scarcely be considered fit to be in business at all on their -own account. Of course, there are cases where, owing to heavy contracts having been entered into, or other similar causes, the effect may be peculiarly severe, but these are altoegther exceptional. As a general rule, there ought among a sound mer-cantile community to be no terrors in 8 per cent., or any other rate of discount, supposing it not to have been occasioned by a reckless course of national extravagance, and hence there is reason to believe that the announcement of to-day will be received throughout the country, as it has been in the metropolis, without the slightest ineication of confusion *or alarm. The funds opened this morning at a decline of a half per cent., in consequence of the impression that the American advices would increase the drain of specie, and the speculators generally were disposed to press sales. Most of the brokers, however, were still buyers on behalf of the public, and a recovery took place until about half-past 2 in the afternoon, vwhen the resolution of the Bank was notified in the Stock-Exchange, and a faU oc-curred to an eighth below the opening prices, from which there was no recovery. The first trans-actions in Consols were at 88# to i, whence they rapidly advanced to 88i. They then went to 88 to i, which was the last official quotation, and after regular hours there were sellers at 88. For the 10th of November the final price was 88k to i. :Bank Stock left off at 212 to 213k-; Reduced, -87k to -; Neow Three per Cents., 87i to i; India Stock, 20, to 209; India Bonds, 30s. to 20s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 9s. to 5s. discount. Money was abundant in the Stock-Exchange at the commencement of business, and loans on Government securities were obtainable at 5 per cent. Ultimately the charge was 5i to 6. At the Bank, in the course of the morning, there was a very active pressure, many persons anticipating that the New York intelligence would be followed by a speedy advance of the rate. The supply thus obtained seemed to be beyond any actual requiremaents, and at the end of the day the balances in -the hands of the banks and discount houses were 7arge. About 60,0001. of tnegold bytheRoyal Charterwas Rold to the Bank to-day. It is said a larger proportion would have been taken there if the rate of dis-count had been raised at an earlier hour, but when the announcement was made the greater part had been sold for the Continent. The amount of gold likely to be sent to New York by the Arago, from Southampton on Wednesdav, has not been ascertained. It will probably consist of sovereigns. The discount houses have increased their rate -of allowance to 7 per cent. for money at call, and 7i for depoeits with short notice, being an advance zo one per cent. The National Discount Company have notified that their terms are respectively 7* and 7i per cent. The rate of the joint-stock banks for deposits will be 7 per cent. Foreign stocks have been heavy, and nearly all the transactions were at a reduction. In Turkish, -especially, a fall occurred of nearly 1 per cent. Brazilian Five per Cents. wese negotiated at 100 and 994; Chilian Six per Cents., 102; Danish Five per Cents., 100X; Mexican, 19i; Peruvian Four- nd-a-HJalf per Cents., for the account, 77, 76, and 177; ditto Three per Cents., 53i and 52i; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 954; Sardinian, for account, 89; Turkish Six per Cents., 87a, J, ancd j; for the account, 8Q, 87Q, 86i, and 87; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for the account, 97;; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents. 634; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 974, 4, and 97. The corn-market showred increased heaviness this morning, and it was difficult to effect sales at a de,line of 2s The final quotations of the French Three perCents. don the Pars Bourse this evening were 66f. 85c. for money and 66L 80c. for the end of the month, -ahowing a decline of a'oout three-eighths per cent. Moet probably the movement made by the Bank on ibis sde did not tanpire before the close of busi- es. It is assumed that the Bank of Franco will i.fsel cpelled imediately to fellorw the example. The suspension wa announced to-day of M esar Asid and~ Buch~nsn, of Glasgow merchant5 asyd shippers. Their liaoilities, which are estimated at 100,0001., are believed to be chiefly locaL At Hamburg the rate of discount has advanced to 9i per cent. The Vienna letters mention the stoppage of Messrs. Malanotti and Co. for 40,0001. The list of additional failures from New York comprises several houses of first-rate standing. Among these are Clark, Dodge, and Co., bankersWillits and Co., importers of hardware and whale oil, reported a few weeks back to be worth 200,0001.; P. Chouteau, jun., and Co., merchants; and Hutchinson, Ziffana, and Co., warehousemen. Bowen, McNaniee, and Co., silk importers, were likewise in good credit. At Pbiladelphia one of the largest was that of Levy and Co., importers of manufactured goods; and at Boston Messrs. Lavrrence,Stone, and Co., extensive factory owners. It is till observablo that a large proportion of the general suspensions consist of manufacturing firms, and it may be inferred, therefore, that in numerous cases the event has been brought about by the inability of those who had been upheld by the old protective system to encounter the recent reduction of the tariff. The number of persons thrown out of employ would be enormous, and there was a prospect of severe distress during the approaching winter. At Philadelphia the diqcount on the inconvertible circulation was still not more than 5 per cent., but this quotation applies to silver coinage, the discount as compared with gold being apparently 7 to 10 per cent. In the New York Stock-market the daily fluctuations in most of the principal railway securities has been equal to 20 per cent.; sometimes the range has been nearly to that extent between two consecutive transactions. Erie had touched 9i, but closed at I11 ; Panama had gone from 50, its lowest price, to 63 ; Illinois Central, from 75 to 84; New York Central, from 60 to 554; and Reading, from 25k, to which it had fallen upon some of its bills being protested, to 304. At one moment the stook is said to have been offered at Philadelphia at 12. Michigan Southern had declined to 11, and remained -without recovery. The trade reports from the manufacturing towns for the past week are much less uneatisfactory than might have been expected. It must be assumed, however, that throughout the remainder of tie year the amount of our exports will be considerably reduced by the cessation of the American demand. Of course, the varioua houses on this side desire to say as little as possible of their Iosses, but hitherto the actual mischief seems not to have been of dangerous extent,thesteady conduct of our principalfirms having kept them in a position to meet any temporary inconvenience. At Manchester the failures, although numerous, have been entirely limited to secondary establishments, and the large suspensions at Glasgow are believed chiefly to have comprised houses long notorious for trading beyond their means. At Birmingham it is said no severe injury has thus far been inflicted, while from Leeds we have the remarkable statement that 1,0001. would cover all the liabilities that have yet arisen in connexion with the New York diasters. It can scarcely be hoped that these instances of immunity will continue, and there is little doubt that the aggregate of debts due to England from failed houses in New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and 3altimore is enormous, although from the manner in which they are spread, and the stability of those upon whom they have fallen, the publio in a majority of cases will probably be spared a knowledge of them. In the general business of the port of London during the past week there has been little alteration. The number of ships reported inward was 223, being 11 more than in the previous -week. The number cleared outward was 124, including 15 in ballast, showing an increase of 15. The Board of Customs have granted the privileges of bonding tea to warehouses in the occupation of Messrs. Joseph Barber and Co., of Brewer's-quay, adjoining the Blackwall lailway. It appears that the India mail, vid Marseilles, oonsisting of 33 boxes, was conveyed from Paris to London in a little over eight hours on Thursday last, vid Boulogne and Dover, by special trains and steamer. This is the quickest transmission of a mail that has ever been efiected from Paris to London. The Fairy has arrived from China with 604,5001b. of tea. The following is from the Port Philip and Colonial Gold Company:- "Advices have been recelved from the resident director, dated Melbourne, August 12. Considerable improvement had taken place in the business of quartz-crashing at Chines. The stamps and the Chilian mill were working more effciently than hitherto, and the yield of the quartz was in. oreasing. The machinery then In operation was a stamping mill o' 20 heads and one Chilian milL Mir. Bland was prooeeding with the erection of an additions stamping mim of 12 heads and another Chilian mill, seeing encouragement In the progress hitberto made. The details of the proceedings since the last mail are coming by the Australian Overland Mail, the foregoing intelligence having been received by the Royal Charter." And the following is from the United AIea*an:" Advices have been received from Guanaxuato, dated the 14th of September. The amount of extraction from the mine of Jesus Maria y Jose during the three weeks had been 2,450 carga.,-a somewhat less average, attributable to circumstances unconnected with the capabilities of the mine. The repairs and timbering of the shaft having been completed, the resinking had been commenced on the 10th. Notwithstanding a holyday, 850 cargas had been obtained the prior week. On the 5th 1.623 cargas were sold, and produced $5,739 ; and on the 17th another sale would take place (the earga beirg 3501b.). The haciendas of Dolores and Duran were fully employed on or from the mnine of Jesus Maria, and with good results."
TBADE REPORT. -Monday Evening. T,ALLOw.-Tbe market is steady at 56s. 6d. to 56s. 9d. oa the spot, 56s. 6d. for all the yeai, and 57s. from January to A.:ch. Annexed are the particulars of stocks and prices;- ARRIVALS FOR TUB WV. BtU9P , .. .. .. .. .. .. 3,389 CasIM. Aue4tra:ia .. .. .. .. .. .. 21 Other placea * 8 - Total . .. .. 7.. 3,421 - With regard to the general state of the trade Messrs. Colchester and Woolner report :-"We have to note a stM further decline in the value of tallow during the week, some considerable sales having been made at 56s. for all the Tear's delivery ; from this, however, there haa been a little recovery, and on Saturday 56s. 6d. was paid. We learn by telegraph from St. Petersburg of Saturday's datethat 82,000 casks were shipped off; the price was firm, at 178 roubles, but the exohange bad declined to 36A i, which would be equal to the advance in price. To-day ihe market is steady, with little business doing. 56s. 9d. is paid on the spot, 56s. 6d. for all the year, 57s. for December, and the same for January to March. South American tallow Is in demand, 58s. being paid forit, 56s. 9d. for Taganrog sheep, and 55s. od. for beef, Australian. Town tallow held for 57s. net casb." IhNDio.-FlfthDay's Sale.-Passed this day, 2,725 chests - withdrawn, 1,400; bought in, 637; sold, 688 chests. The B crtalogne carne on this morning, out of which 400 chests only were sold: 285 chests of the A book were also sold. ¶rhe prices to day were irregular; for good qualities fully the previous rates, but low Oudes were cheaper. Total passed, 10,478; sold, 2,263; witbdrawn,5,210; boughtin, 2,122chests; remaining to pass, 918 chests. Annexed are the prticulars of qualities and prices:-Bengal, Benares, &c.-Purple and violet, shippIng, 9s. 3d. to 10s. 2d. per lb.; good to fine violet, shipping, 9s. to 9s. 6d. ; middling to good ditto, shipping, Ss. 6d. to9s.; ordinary and middling ditto, shipping, Sa. 2d. to 8s. 6-d; violet and copper, shipping, 89. to 8s. lOd.; good and fine home consuming qualities and defective shipping, 7s. 4d. to 8a. 6d.; low and ordinary, 5s. 8d. to 7s. 3d.; trash and dust, 2d. to 5s. 2d.; plant Oude, 5s. to 7s. ld.; Oude, 48. 9d. to 5s.; Madras, dry leaf, good middling native to extra fine Velror, 3s. 9d. to 5s. 9d.; lean lowv to middling, 2s. 6d. to 3s. Sd; Kurpah, middling to fine, Os. lOd. to 9a. 2d,; low to good ordinary, 3s. 8d. to 6s. 6d. ; figs, Bengal, 2s, to 2. 68.; Bombay, Is. 4d. SPA.,'ISH INDlGO.-Of 853 serons Guatemala brought forward to-day 599 serone were passed, and about one-half sold at Is. 3d. to ls. Sd. per lb. above July rates; Cortes, low lean to good, 4s. 2d. to 6s. 8d.; Sobres, ordinary to good, 6s. Sd. to 7s. 10d. per lb.
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARBS. - Mondsy Evenibg. The railway-market has been influenced by the advene movement in the funds, and in at the Bpeculative descriptions a decline of from 11. to 21. bas taken place. Canadian and Indian shares also receded. A general reduction ocourred in French on the receipt of lower prices from Paris but chiefly from the expectation that the raising of the rate of discount here must cauBe a similar step to be taken by the Bank of France; Dutch Rhenish, Great Luxembourg, and Lombardo-Venetian also declined. American securities were heavy, and a fall of 31. occurred in Illinois Central shares. A fair amount of business has been done in mines, but prices show no alteration, except in East Basset, which were quoted at the clo".e about 101. lower. Joint-stock banks were dull, and no important variation has taken place. In miscellaneoux securities there was a recovery of IOs. in North of Europe Steam. ORDUIARY SHARES AND STOnfR
RAIZWAY rNTELLrGEZCE. BUFFALO ANMTD TAI1l TfTTRl The report of the directors of th!s company states that at the date of the last mneeting of shareholders the line had been but recently opened to Stratford. No further openiDg has since taken place, the ohara.ter of the works on the section from Stratford to Goderioh being snch that any partial opening of tho eastern end up to the present time has been impracticable. The road had beea opened to Stratford in great haste, to avoid the impending penalty for delay, so that a considerable amount of earth. works remained to be fiished, and a great portion of the baUast both between Paris and Stratford, and in some parts between Paris and Fort Erie; these are now reduced to a verytrif'ing amount, and some addi. tional baUast wlll be required. With two or three unim. portant exceptions, which are being set right, the road is tn substantial good order and equal to a large business. The line, it is expected, will be opened to Goderich on the 1st of January. The company is bound under heavy Penalty to open the line to Goderich on or before the 28th of June next ; but to make absolutely certain of this, in consequence of the poesible severity and length of the Canadian wrinter, it will be necessary to incur nearly the whole of the expenditure during the present year, as only a few weeks could be relied on for work next spring before the 28th of June. TTnder these circumstances the chairman took upon himself the responsibility of deciding that the works should be proseuted with the utmost vigour with a view to open the line in January. The cost of working the additionai 45 niiles will be but a small increase on the present worklng expenses. Fourteen miles were ready forthe permanentway,the laying of whici was commenced on the 14th of September. The rails on this section will be fished. The maintenance of the permanentway will be charged for the first yearto capital. The new ferryboat for carrying the cars across the Niagara river is nearly ready for launching and is receiving hor engines. The intended permanent landing on the Canadian shore is not yet commeneed. Arrangements will be made for running the new ferryboat to and from the present wbarf at Fort Brie. The engines and rolling stock of the company are of excellent quality and in thoroughly good condition, The cost of maintaining and ranning the engine3 and carriages has been at the rate of 27-7 cents per train anile for a total mileage on revenue account of 161,699 train uiles. The Oost of locomotive power separately is 18 89 cents per train mile. In conclusion, the directors remind the proprietors that their railway must not be estimuated either according to the unfavourable circumstances of the past few months or its present inoomplete position. It must be estimated as a whole, not likely to - show its real capabilities till the system aimed at is com- plete. Its future is that of an important trunk raiLw to and from the west and north-west. Its present X, little more than that of a detached lotal line through a dlst'rict temporarily exhausted of produce and depressed by the extraor4 dinar stagaation of buslneea, The total traffic on the line for the half-year ending the 31st of July last amounted to $113,629, including ,647 foreign traffic. The revenue account shows that the receipts for the half. year ending 31stJanuary,1857, amounted to $37,502, and the expenses to $42,446, leaving a balance of $4,944 agatnst revenue, The receipts for the half-year ending 31st July last amounted to $124,552, and the expensesto ,122,623, leaving a balance in favour of revenue of $1,928. The capital account showed that $1,779,637 had been received, and $1,788,165 expended, leaving a balance of $8,528 against the company. TBAFIC RETURNS. Miles Pan- ler- Total, ToW. Rl%way. open. nengem ebaudhie. 1857. lr56. Week exding Sept. 26. £ Grand Trunkof Canada ..- 849 . . - .. - .. 10,282 - - 5,553 Week ending Sept. 30. Detroit and Milwaukle .. 100 ., - . . - .. 1,703 . 8O9 Week ending Oca. 2. Buffalo and Loke Huron 114 . .2,788 .. 486 3,274 _ Great We3tem of Canada 283 ..10.43S ..2,94 .12,997 15,886 Week ending oct. 17. London, Brighton, & South C0oat -.. 3. .I 13,119 3.391 16,510 16.128 Soutl-Esetem . . .. - -. - . - 23,089 . 22,886
I T . MAJR-LMNX IdONDA"wv Arnvnc1fl 1i The arrivals law? week were generaUy abudant. -The exports were 1,383 quarters of wheat, 222 quarters of oats and 40 socls of flour. The receipts of English wheat were 8,987 quarters; of foreign, 30,216 quarters, two-thirds being Russian. The tupply for the morning was moderate; but the weather had affected several samples, and, with few buyers from the country, trade was exoes8ively heavy, red samples being 2s. per quarter lower, and white offered 2a. to 3s. cheaper, withont much business. In foreign the same heaviness pre. valled, and ab'out the samel concession was necessary in order to make any sale. Of country flour there were 20,492 saoks; of foreign, 3,765 barels. Factors found a vory heavy trade, though the nominal decline was only about Is. per sack. The newr American arrivals were not brought to market, but the few old were rather cheaper. Of barley there were 3,457 quarters of English and 9,389 quarters of foreign. The finest malting qualities only just maintained their valun, but al below them were difficult to quit at Is. to 2s. decUne. The malt trade was under the same Inflaence, the finest samples being Is. per quarter lower, and inferlor sorts 2s. to 3s. less money. Of oatg there were 1,382 quarters of English, 35 quarters of Sootch, 1,818 Irish, and 30,813 foreign, principally from Russia. The successive good arrivals have made sales v6ty diflfclt, and occasionally some concession was made In the price of new descriptione. The supply of Engllsh beaus was 1,041 quarters, of foreign 500 quarters. Of peas there were 1,043 quarters of English, and 830 quarters of foreign by coast. Businews was dull In both these linds of pulse, withoat much quotable alteration. The arrival of liluseed (all Russdau) was 9,550 quarters, the exports being 2,130 quarters. This better supply gave buyers favour to the extent of is. per quarter, but cakes sold well, and without abatement. In the seed trade but little was passing. The business in cloversoed and trefoil was very quiet, dealers preferring to wait tiUl nearer the semaon. Canaryseed was cheaper, somo foreign having appeared, and was a slow sgale. Tares continued dullL Rapeseed, mustardseed, and other sorts remained much as last quoted. Arytvaj ot Oom in the Port os London from Oct. 12 to Oct 17 nw4a Wuanutcy of aUl otba Kinds of Pulse and Grai. Malt .. .. .. .. 2,506 Bapeseed . . . s Tareg ,. . . 51 Mutr .. .. 7IT Lbn-a d 9,550 Other Seod .. .. 173 CURRENT PRICES O BRITISH GRAIN AND 7LOUR IN MARKLLAlE. Wheat-Essex and Kzt wht g* ShIliatgs per quarter, Ditto,s rod lLn,tie . .46 to Co nelr 50 to 62 -iYorkabi ,- 43 - 55 * ** 4-8 4S _ 55 Distilling. 32 - Grinding. . 2 - 31 Yalt-. Esx, .or.o.k,. andSuffolk.. .. - 74 new 70 1inPto Ware, and town-made. 62 -74 ,. 71 -74 Brown 568-6 s --- Rye- 50 -38 Oat- Engbteed o. S1 26 Potato 27_ 32 8cotch feed 308- 6 Potato :3 Ishiefod, whl 20-23 ne -30 Ditto,Bbink 20-23 ., 1 Ticks ~~~~~~~~~z36- Barrow 36 - 40 Fea*s- Witabolle 0 6-7 y SM oDlen ; 40-50 Mape 42 - 4 ClGnry .. 40-42 mor-Tonhoui,.ld* eri. Il . 47 fins 48-50 Dltto, householdx .. ... 43_ 14 NodolkandSuffol},ex p . . -9 FOREGN GRAIN. WhDtntghlgh lI6ed - to -6 - ext.to 63 sF;x .... r-68 - -- -- - =he t k ... 45- -his 60. Amerl= xrbtte 56-c60 red 52-55 - Pomera.. Meck., and Uckerrak, red 30 50 -S -iBlleeian, red .. 45 -54 whIta - 3-8 Dad_shkHolstu .. o _ - 5--2 Ru-lan, hard.. 45-56 ., _ S.kP'terSburgand:aiga . 46-56 Rhine and Belgium - --56 Bailey-Grindin,g if - 30 Oa-Distilling 35-40, ° Dntoh, brew, and Po35 - DltA, feed 19 _ 25 Dtcrtsh and Swedis'h feed" - 26 Stral dnd 2S3-26 Dstto, cc ........ .. .. .. . 50-~~~~~~~~~~~~~~S31 Konigsberg.3 -3 Pes&- ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 323 BBIIg 87E aroeN-.Der b .. , . - ndi Ye llor 5838 a Ditoure-n 22 .2 OAme.rto .. .. .Z.£50 o 10v Ditt BltED9,^30_33 BRITISH SEEDS. X= rew. per bush" 17 - 1 Brown -2 0-s4-dcr. Durcwt. . 30 -:234 Canary, per qr 50 -0o 0 Linseod, per qr., ruaing. - Cake, per toa ..£9.l....o .. n. Baeleseed Der qr.. 702 Cake, per . . . .. . £to 4L5 10. WOREGNSEEDS, ,O.17 hemPeoe small, per qr.- to 44 Caraway_ 5-2 Tbod per in whoatl. h44- 46 ct to day'e. parke there sr38 of 70- 72 Rapcae.£8 o 0'. "to a8 l0s NEWCASTLE, OOr. 17. There has beet a fair arrival Of wceat bothd coaatwse and from abroad, but thD sup.ples Of dour by shi a3nd by raUl continue moderate. The trade in wheat hag beenl limited duing the Ieek. and prices haTe agajn bad a downward tendency. At to-day's market there was onlay a garril show of growere' whet,k and, there being some demand for teed, the trade assumed a firmer tone. The best parel, were dhDosed ot at last week's rates; binferior samples Sold at Irregular rates. South Wountry in Ulmite requestOaly the bet sample3 of matting barley Were saleablo aSt last eek' rates. Flour met a steady sae. Oats and oatneal fuly an dear. I. bes and peas no change. PRESTON, Omr 17. At the Corn-Exchange here today wheat met a alow salo at a reduction of 6d. per windle, manY lots being lbt unsold. Irish in moderate demand, at A reduction of Id. to 2d. Per bushel, the prices ranglr g frOm 7c. 9sd. to 8.3d. er 70lb. for runs of red, and ^ 4d. to &, lid. for whito. Wlonr easIer to purchase. Oati and beans soarce, aud rather dearer, the former realizing 3s. 4d. to 33. 9d. prr 451b. Oatmeal td. to l. Per load lower, the prices being 31s. to 33s. 6d. per 2401b. YORK, Oar. 17. At thin mal"t there wna a fair eupPly of wheat. for all but the primest qualities of whiob lower rates had to ho taken. Other grain irithous material varlation, At the York October fair-one of the largest held during the yearthe cbow of stock was not so numerous as usuL. The higb cute5 asked for beasts obecked the trade, but a fair anmount of busineas was done. Beef made from 6R. 9d. to 7a. 6d. per stone. In lean cattle a oonsiderable trade was done, at good prices There wrere about 22 000 sbeep perned, most of which were sold, the demand for store ewes and rams being particularly britk. Fat sheep realized a'. to 6it rer lb. BOLTONX oar. 17. At to-day's market the trade in glain and diur was dull with drooping prices. Flour is. per sack lower. Oatmeal Is. per loai lower. Beans and Indian corm naltered. Oats Id. per bucho' cbeaper. Other articles steady at late rates. KSTTRING, Oor. 17. At to day's market the trade in wbert was dull and heavY, and secondary and interior samples declined is. to 2. per quarter, but the finest dry wheats were fuUy as dear. Fine malting barley was in request, andobtained Is. per qnarter more money.
METBOPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKET, Od. 19. The arrivals ot cattle and sheep Into the port of London from the continent during the pad :ek have been large. The O1astom-house report gives an entry of L483 oxen and cow, 528 calves, 313 pig,. and 6,539 sheep maklng a total of 8,893 head. The nUDDede of meat to-day, more eapcially beef and mutton, were lwve, the number of beasbt on sbow being nearly 6,000. and of sheep upwards of 23,000. The attendance of butcbers wars retty good, but the dkpositlon to pn seb was slack, and the tade rullad slow tor everything, and primes lortbet declined 2d.. per stoue of 0 lb. In beaets Soot. did not realize moro tban 4s. 8d. Per stoneana tn abeep uth Downs tell ho564d. tor the very be.4. The top prizve for clves ol about 18 stone wax ds. Ioa, and tho beet young porkea went at 4s. Sd. Comparatve Statement of prices, and Supply of Cattle aI Market. Thi day, Monday, Oct. 19, 1857. Beef S. 35 d. 4o Md. Beasts.. . 833 Mutton .4. 6id. 5s. 4d. beep .. 23,113 Veal s.. . 3s. 8d. 4s. 1(, Calmes.. 220 Fork .. .. $s. 8d. 4r. 8d. I Pigs .. Monday, Oct. 2 186.6. Beef . ... ..aSf 4 0. IOd. Beastsa.. 540D Mutton .. 4r. 2d.. 5s. 2d. Sbeep .. 21,151 Veal . . 3s. IOd. 4s. 10. I Caeos.. 163 Fork . .. s Od. 5a. O Pigs .. .. .. .. 63 Monday 0Oct 21, 1&55 Bee .... . 8d. 4s, 10i Beasts. . 5,672 blutton .. 3 ld. 5a. OdI 8beesp. . * . 2 Veal 3.. .. 4. Od. bs. OLd. Calves .. .60 Pork .. . 3a Sd. 4. lOd. P4P .50 Bay and Straw, per load Of 3C truaEee. LS 10s. tO ;4 6.Is,IloTer.. *. £S5s.to 55g. Straw .. .. 41 G& to £1l ioL to
HOPRMARKET, Monday, Oct. 19. The poeltton of the ulerket Is in no JMDortaut regpect altered since Our last report; throghoat the week ths ra.O eater competntioa has exlited on the part of the trade to obteiji p.ooeemeon ot the Cotoier srowthr of MiJddle Kent, and of the fewr EagI Kentg, combining healthy charaicter with fine 00our aud quhhlt,.-a COMpetition, cartainl. asYet iu n0 way borne out bY tho demands of the consnmeme whi are dmttedOn allhhandsto b of the mo3ti imited deacription. The curreney of choice %%anIGRlosbe been tInly supported, and may be quoted at from 950. to 128s., and ocaaeioually as hgb as 1i0s. Fot Hurvex. Weeld of Kent, and the grapy porticoi of ?--d-Kent hope the trade is lagId. at forom 6Oe to 75x and 84.. * Woroehte.s about as last week. At lWe7hul Patir. notwitbitaudiug Lb; Ter heavy crm of Faruoam and country hopa vecured, the quantity upon the kml was 1em by about 20 cketeth*n ut Year;- thIl,. houcrer, 1i in a great mea- cueecule o yth ag orinei by e&upte on the London maretpreioly o he ai. Te aleo~tke hiL w&3 laigud and draging hroghou, ht toer,e th cloe o thewee. price hLav2ng gienW3,aolAa.o wea~cedniaou ou-lib o heqant
wzSTr xNZ AGac1ZThAU'AA 'OaZ. ., , BR tE b)r 15. Yesterday the annual m o'. enterdiL the eet!tg l of he Wela en A~gri. cultural dociety was held, herei,plder Ste ireddonoy of Colonel Cator, MnDr. by. 4eorge Non&u r Caird, Mp,, Mr. ilkiaon,- late M.. for 'Lambeh, and the leading gentry of the neighbdoishd. A&fter th tusual prooeedings ir ae field .Ae mebersiand their f.iends dined together, Colonel Cator in the chair. lnpyropoqeg "The House of Coimmons," the Cantir coupled with it the name of Wr. C*ird, * niemuber of that Houso and a distinguished agriculturist. Mr. CARD, IL?., who was received with muoh.chheering in acknowledging the toast, bore testimony to the rnest. nets and zeal with which the House of Co mons lAbord for the welfare of the people. On one subject, howeveri, they had shown themselves lamentably deficient, for hexemem. bered going down one evening early in the last tfaesion, and finding the House almost emptyhe asked afriend atthe door what was going on? "Oh I nothing; some quebtion about tho tenure of laud in India" wa te nswer; and so little interest did the question then excite thatthe House was within an ace of being counted out. Very different would be the interest manifested on such a ques. tion now. And as a membor of Parliament heihould be deficient in his duty if, in addressing any, meeting of his fellow countrymen, he failed to call their attention to the revolt in India. He deemed this tbe greateag crisis in ths history of England ince the Reevolutlon. (Cheers.) It was not our business at present to philosopliize on the wouderful sPectade of a little island likeorirs, with lesm than 30,000,000 of people, ruling a mighty territorr with 180,000,000, at a distance of 10,0D0 riIle= This wag an inheritance bequeathed to us by our anoestors which we must retain at all hazards and at wrhatevel sacrifioe, or lose rank before the world. (Loud cheers.) There were two tbings connected with this outbreak 1hioh mem, wonderful indeed. First, the utter unpreparedness of the In. duan Government for a blow that must have been long In contemplation; and secondly, theheroic conshncy and courage of a small body of Englishmen scattered byhiandfuls over a line of 1,200 miles in length, surrounded not by an open enemy, but by tens of thousands of mutinos soldlers, whom they had been taught to look upon asf their comrades in armx. If we lost aome of our ancient prestige by taking only the second part in the campaign in the Crimea, England had in India reasserted her position by tho calmL heroism of her Anglo-Saxon sons, not picked men, but ordinary Englishmen. (Loudcheers,) Itwasdredfulto think of the atrocities that had been committed and the fearful re. tribution which must follow, but truly it njeded some such stern rebuke to rouse Eugland to inquiry sad exertion. What did the people or Parliament of England know of India? Literally nothing. We had treat4 it sa an. outlying fArm, which, if it left no grat prolit to ourselves, yet gave profitable employment and wealth to aome junior members of the family who were sent out to manage it. But the welfare of 180,000,000 of people was not so to be treated. (Eiea, hear.) For the talent wa had received we wero now called to refder an account, and if we had hid it in the ground, actuatod by no higbher motives than half-yearly dividend, the time seemed to have come when it must be taken from the hand that had failed to use it with advantage and be intrated to better keeping. (Cheers) For 100 years we hbad borne away over the richest territory in the world and had been , conented nob only to witness but to encourage the posseet idolatry aud superstition, without in all that time impressing upon the native populAtion a particle of the spirit of our relgion or our principles of truth, justioe, and humanity. (Hear, hear.) It was but a year ago that the Government in Indi admitted the truth of the statements in a memorial sented to them, which alleged that the rural populatlon of Bengal, many millions of people, were IlUffezig from a. native magistracy who were oopt, oppressive, and incompetent, who encouraged the concealment and Iommlstion of crime, while the people were'reduced to beggary and pitiabbl servitude. (Hear.) The timehad not come, nor Wa thix the place, for discussing our futare Indian poli ; but the light was now bursting in, and the =pee of E ngad would not permit its fair fame to be tarnihed by the coutinuanoe of a policy which bore no better fruits than these (Hear.) We must have due precedence given in our Indian empire to English ideas language, And religion, not intolerant of the religion of otbers so long as it was not offepsive to morAls, but giving no public countenance or encour rsement to idolatry, and selecting for special reward in the servicoe of the State those, whether natives or Engish, who best approved themselves our friends by similarity of religiorn language and spirit. (Loud cheers.) He begged to offer one word in conclusion on the vengeance to be taken on the ruthless murderers of English women And cfildren. There was surely no need to encourage such a spirilt. It might be "'Iell left in the hands of those who were on the spot, who coul best appreciate the crime and mete out Its punishment. He had no fear but that the generous and merciful character of the Euglish soldier would at the proper time temper justioe with mercy. (Much cheoring.) An interesting discussion followed, in which the Chair. man, Mr. Norman, and Mr. Caird, ILP., took part, on the relative ecpense of farm labour In England and Scotland, and the condition of the agricultural labourer in the two countries. Mr. Norman, who had lately visited a border county and had specially investigatedthis subject, eontended that the lower wages of labour in Scotland and the mode iii which they were pid in ldnd enabled the farmer at the. expensoef the labourer, to py a higher rent for his land. He deprecated such a system, and should not wish to see It Introduced into this country. Mr. Caird, on the other hund, showed, by taklng Mr. Norman figuree, that at the prices of the last three years the payment of the Scotch labourer In ldnd gave him a much greater sapply of the comforts and necessaries of life than could be pro. cured by the money wages of the EngUsh labourer, who had to pay out of his wages a weekly house rent while the Scotch farm labourer lived rent free. He also pointed to the fact that such a thing as An agricultural labourer seek. ing prsh relief was unkiown in Scotland, while here they gave prlzes to the labourer who could brlng up his famUy without parish aid. Ho agreed with Mr. Norman that a certain expenditure on labour was more productive on a Scotch than an Bnglish farm, and thus left a larger balsnce for rent. Bat that aro from the indivldual labouter being bette- Wed, better educated, and thus more intellgent, while his labour was more economically and effectively applied on fArms laid out with a speCal reference to the production of crops. He found no fault with laudlords who preferred the beauty and charm of woodland scenery, sma encosures, wide hedg6rows, and A good head of game, and within that distance of London he thought they were right in doing so, for their property would ultimately become more valuable as attractive bnilding sites than for agricultural purposes. But in such circumstances labonr must be more costly and lees effective, and agricultural rents proportionslly low. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WriuNsoN, in proposing " the health of the ChaLir. mnan," said, thathe made it a rulenever to sW-ak on a subject which he did not understand, and he had therefore takem no part In this disoussion. On former occasions in that room he had argued some unpalatable questions, but he believed they now all agreed with him that farmers, like other classes in this coontry, required no othei rotction than their own skill, enterprise, and industry. is orn agrictltural experience was comparativelylimited, and It reminded him of a question that wae put to him a few days ago by an eminent banker and landowner in this neighbourhood,- "Mr. Wilkinson, are you afflioted writh a farm r (Laughter,) He concluded by proposing "the health of the Chairman," which was received with much cheering. Colonel CAMOn returned thanks, referring in the course of his speech to the advantage of providing Improved dwellings forthe labourers, and After a few other toasts the meeting broke up.
LONDON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1857. Au East India Director is for the moment an interesting personage. The Board has awaked to find itself famous. A few months ago it was only a conclave of gentlemen conversant, or sipposed to be conversant, with Oriental matters, which were a mystery to the public. Military Service, Civil Service, Courts of Sudder Adawlut, PRajahs, their heirs' pensions, quarrels, and grievances, were matters which no reader could be found to wade through in his newspaper, no member to listen to in the House. Now all is changed. Who would venture to skip the driest detail from Leadenha]l-atreet ? Who would lose the faintest accent of a Directors speech ? One of the 24 has just spoken to Leominster and the world. Mr. J. P. WiLLouGnBY could not refrain from satisfying the impatience of his auditory to know the causes of the Indian Revolt. He had, no doubt, found himself for some time previously the centre of many a little knot anxious to be enlightenci as to the causes which have raised a whole army against our authority. So the oracls has spoken, but oracularly. We are still in doubt as to the precise causes of the calamity. We are only informed what they are not. By the use of the exhaustive method we may be able to arrive at the desired knowledge, but Mr. WILLOUGEBY indicates it only negatively. The first conclusion we are apt to draw from the address is that the mutiny had no cause at all; but, rejecting this on philosophical grounds, we are forced to believe that it had some transcendental origin, discernible by the eyes of a Director, and capable of being removed by a Board, but which must wholly escape the eyes of ordinary mortals. Mr. W=ouIJEmy approached the subject with the deliberation of one about to advance some tremendous dogma. His caution also was wonderful; he is expressing his own opinion only, and not that of a party; he is "only addressing you as "your representative in Parliament on a subject "of the deepest interest." Then comes the series of negamions. The hon. Director cannot agree with those who consider the movement as a national one. It is not a rising of a people against misgovernment and oppression, for the peasantry are quiet, and even In the vicinity supply us wvith provisions. 'hen, it is not a Royal or arlstocratical movement, for the Rajahs and Chefs are with us almost to a man. Both Princes and people show by their conduct that they respect our character and value our rule. AUl that is proved is, that the revolt is a military ons, confined to a portion of our army. Seventy to eighty thousand men have risen against tae Government and released from gaol some 12,000 criminalh, who have joined them in their ravages. Now, why did these troops rise themselves and make the gaol-birds join them ? That is the question which Mr. WnLLouGHBy fails to answer. The greased cartridges were used by the MIahomedan as a means of rousing the Hindoo; but how did the Mahomedans come to plot and the Hindoos to fall victims to them? Hear the explanation :-" There seems to have been a delucsion, almost amounting to insanity, which no "effort on the part of the authorities could possibly "have prevented." The speaker then continues to say what was not the cause. It was not the conduct of the European officers, or the centralization of authority, or the depriving commaanding officers of the power of punishment, or the abolition of flogging. It was not the missionaries, for they were not specially obnoxious to the people, and perished only with other Europeans. Some people may say it was the yearning of the Mussulmans after their lost dominion; "but whether " the yeariiing excited the revolt or the 6" revolt the yearning does not appear." At any rate, says the speaker, it could only have been a partial cause. As little was it the annexation policy of late times, which we are told was, after all, upheld by every party in this country, with the exception, on one or two occasions, of the East India Company. Such is all that a Director has to tell us at the present crisis. Eighty thousand men have risen in revolt, massacred our people, proclaimed the heir of the MoGuLs, seized a great city and arsenal, besieged our troops in the capital of our last acquired province, and one of the governors of the empire, a commercial lord of the East, informs us that there is no assignable cause of these calamities. Our families are plunged into mourning, our national honour imperiUled, and our national coffers emptied, by wh&t it is pretended is an uncontrollable and self-generated necesity. Now, though we cannot pretend that any one of the matters mentioned by Mr. WILLououBy was the true and only one, there are several to which we are inclined to assign a part and share in the disaster. Great political events eertainly seldom have any one clear and definite cause on which the historian can lay bi, finger a bIt there are gellera&Uy a number of eiroumstances having the same tendency, which together make up the complex cause of the event. So we think it is with India. Philosophers have gone bacX to the Franks to find the causes of the French RIevolution, and so an over-scrupulous inquirer may deduce the Bengal mutiny from the nature of Asiaties generally, and the iueffaeable character of races. But we must be content with simpler investigations. Az far, then, as it iB useful to inquire, it wrould seem that the proximate cause of the revolt was the general laxity and want of tone which marked the rule of the East India Company. We have not the slightest desire or intention to attack this body; we are willing to confess that any other set of rulers would in the same position have committed as great or greater faults. The defects of the Indian Government have been such as might be natually expected in the case of a few Europeans holding for the irt time in history the dominion over nillions of Asiatics. Still it is necessary to learn by experience, and to point out faults as soon as they become obvious. India, then, has been misgoverned to a certain extent because it has not received the attention of the nation which rules it. It has been left to functionaries, military and civil; and though these may be, and certainly are, as a general rilde, active, intelligent, and zealous, yet the system has been not the less sluggish, stationaxy, and i every day more unfitted to the condition of the country. In al that Mr. WILLOUGHBY says as to the kindness and justice of the Government we fully concur. The Mussulman ana the Elindoo have been governed as they were never governed before,-life and property have been made secure, inhLuman laws abolished, infamous rites discouraged or suppressed. The few Aaiatics who think and have the materials for thinking rightly wil do the Company justice, and even the people wiU naturaUy cling to the shelter of their rule. But still the system founded by HASTINGS and WELTFSLEY has had its day. It did well enough when the British provinces were comparatively small, and the Governors-General engaged in incessant wars to extend their domain. Then race was pitted against race, creed against creed. The Rajpoot Sepoy could be led against the Mahratta, and the Mussuli man would have been delighted with a campaign against the Slkh. Then the rough and ready way of turning soldiers into judges and clerks into captains woreed well enough; and the English officers or civilians, far from their native country and dependent on their own exertions, displayed a continuous energy which belongs to a first generation of conquerors. Now, however, the country is too vast, too completely subjected, and we believe too well-informed, for the old style of government to be safe. The army of Bengal consisted lately of 100,000 men, with nothing to do. Every enemy had disappeared. Every province, from Affghaniatan to the MIalay Peninsula, has been brought under subjection. Again, the means of comnunication are vastly superior to what they were in the old times, and the natives can use the same methods of conveying intelligence which are open to us. In fact, while the Company has not been innovating for the better, Time has been innovating for the worse, so far as their authority is concerned. Even such blessings as peace and a post-office have strengthened the natives against the Government, because the Government has negleeted to strengthen itself. We see in the material struggle of the Sepoys against us an emblem of the moral revolt which might, ere long, arise throughout Hindostan. The mutineers fight us with our own muskets and powder and percussion caps, our own guns and ohot and shell; they give the word of command as we have taught them, and mount guard over our own arsenal according to English military usage. So it is, or will be, with India generally. The people are getting, as it were, up to the Government, and, unless that be improved and invigorated, Asiatic cunning may play us more than one more dangerous trick. General weakness is the complaint under -which East Indian Government is suffering; laxity of military discipline, confusion in the civil service, and pandering to idolatrous usages, are only the outward effects of the disease. To no one of these singly may we owe the mutiny, but we owe it to the system out of which they have grown during a long course of years.
In the midst of the manifold anxieties which the Sepoy mutinies have craated, it is some satisfaction to reflect that the convulsions of the crisis have been confined to India. No commotion has occurred either in Affghanistan or Burmah; the Chinese question has been suspended without apparent prejudice to our position or our claims, and the actual evacuation of Herat, according to the terms of the treaty, has testified to the good faith and quiescence of the Persian Government. Our own colonies in other regions have, indeed, vibrated with the shock, but only, we are rejoiced to say, after the very same fashion in which we have been affected ourselves. Not even in London or Edinburgh, or Manchester, or any other great centre of British opinion, has more indignation been felt or more energy aroused than in those colonial establishments which lie between England and her Eastern Empire. The Governors of these settlements have risen promptly to the level of the emergencies before them, and have despatched succours in every form to India with a generosity and zeal deserving the approbation of all Of these colonies Ceylon was the nearest to the scene of mutiny, and to its Governor was the first appeal of Lord CAz oG preferred. It met with an immediate response. Although the population of Ceylon itaelf had but recently passed through the tumults of a revolution, and apprehensions might naturally be entertained of some renewed disturbance at so agitating a crisis, Sir I. WARD instantly forwarded to Calcutta almost every British soldier in the island. The reinforcements thus procured were scanty, it is true, amounting only to a few companies of Infantry, with a small proportion of Artillery, but their arrival was opportune in the extreme, and we have seen in more than one instance that the presence of 200 or 300 Europeans has sufficed to retard or suppress a revolt on the very point of explosion. Next to Ceylon comes the Mauritius, and here again the garrison of the island was unhesitatingly surrendered for the assistance of our coumtrymen in India. The 5th Fusileers at Calcutta, the 33d and 4th Reglments at Bombay, represent the welcome succours due to Sir JAMES 3iGGoisoN's alacrity and devotion, and every possible exertion has been employed by the authorities in a cause which they regard with the same intensity of feeling experienced at home. It is at the Cape, however, as might be expected from the magnitude and resources of the colony, that the zeal and energy of the Governor and people have been most signally expressed. Sir GEORGE Ga, on the receipt of intelligence from the Bombay authorities, at oncea answered th- appeal by forwarding in the transports which were waiting for them every man and horse available at the moment. Four stroug and seasoned regiment3 have thus been despatched to India from the Cape-a reinforcement of which it is impossible to overrate the importance; and, what desrves especial mention, the efforts of the Governor were seconded by the mest patriotic support on the part of the colonists. *in order that every addier wNit b sparoa& lot India, the inhabitants of Cape Town and its vicinity cheerfully took upon themselves all the duties of the garrison; and, as the demand for horse3 was especially urgent, the studs of private stables (including that of the Governor himself) were freely yielded for the service of the expedition, without any such enhautcement of price as the occasion would naturally have brought about. The crisis, indeed, appears to have evoked all the best feelings of a British community. It is not so very long ago that the Cape settlers were banded together to resist the policy of the Home Government on the transportation question; but these ranklings, if they survived the occurrence at all, have utterly vanished before the demands of this painful conjuncture, and the citizens of Cape Town, and the colonists generally, appear possessed with the same solicitude and animated by the same determination as we feel in England. To estimate such zeal and services at their proper value, we must remember that up to the date of the very last mail the Governments of Calcutta and Bombay had been indebted to these sources alone for every single soldier that had reached them. The head of the great eolumn of British reinforcements wa, indeed, approaching, but all the stssistance as yet actually received by Lord CarrTG and his colleagues in their arduous exertions had been derived from our colonial establishments. It was from Ceylon tbat the indefatigable Governor-General acquired the timely aid of the 37th; itwas from the Mauritins that Lord ELrnPlIsrTo received the 33d and 89th; and it was from the Chinese Expedition, promptly diverted hv Sir GoERGE Gr from raongkong to india, that the authorities of Calcutta obtamned the 90th and the 23d. The immeiate action of England, indeed, could not be felt for months-it has not been perceptible even yet-and Lord CA-NIG was left for the protection of India against a monster revolt to the outnumbered forces of the empire itself and to the succours which our colonies could afford. WeU has it been both for India and Britain that these succours were provided with such generous self-sacrifice and despatched with such untiring zeaL The record of these services suggests also some especial remark on the promptitude, energy, and success which have characterized Lord ELPHIUSTONIE'S administration at Bombay through this period of alarmL Of thisPresidency, as of Madras also, we are entitled to say that the opinions we expressed in regard to their positions at the commencement of the mutinies have been substantially verified. If, indeed, it could have been predicted in June last that Delhi would have remained uncaptured nip to the beginning of September, probably few persons could have prevailed upon themselves to believe in the immobility of the Madras and Bombay Armies through a season of such protracted trial. Yet, notwithstanding these temptations, the great bulk of the Sepoy forces in both Presidencies have absta;ned from mutiny, and the southern portion of India has been almost denuded of European soldiers without any material interruption of political tranquillity. We cannot, however, conceal from ourselves or our readers that the preservation of order in Bombay has probably been owing more to the energy of the Government than to the intrinsic fidelity of the native troops or the loyalty of the Mahomedan population. In Rajpootana, where Bombay troops in some numbers had taken the duties of the Bengal mutineers, they hive not been proof against the incitements around them, and, though the first symptoms of revolt in the Presidency itself were happily stifled, and have not hitherto reappeared, the result must be ascribed in great measure to the rapidity with which reinforcements were procutred, and the judgment with which they were employed. Without consuming valuable hours in useless circumloeution, Lord EarPHI?STONE, upon his own authority and rcsponsibility, sent vessels to the Mauritius and the Cape to bring up troops to his succour. His vigorous measures found happily a counterpart in the energies of the two Colonial Governors; the arrival of a single wing of the 33d sufficed to inspirit the European community; the revolters were cowed at the sight of this handful of bayonets, and the turn of the trembling balance was deeided in favour of Government and order. This amount of success and good fortune is as much, we think, as could reasonably have been anticipated. It could hardly have been expected that the Bombay troops should altogether and in every case have resisted the coutagion of a protracted mutiny in the adjacent provinces, and the solicitations of insidious emissaries capable of turning such temptations to the best account. But they have taken the infection only partially and yielded to its influence slowly, while a small European force has proved hitherto sufficient to control the disaffected and preserve the ascendancy of Government against all the schemes of the seditious. We can only trust that this superiority may be well maintained, and that Lord ExNixSrONE may witness the reward of his energy in the continuedtranquillity of Bombay, while the plains of Eindostan receive a final pacification through the sharp but sure agency of the sword.
The annual distribuition of national medals for specimens of artistic design, which took place some days ago at Manchester, appears to have produced a very respectable show. There are " anatomical "studies," "heads," "foliages in outline," "oak leaf C"bosses, .,. 'pilasters," "egg plants," "primroses," "rosettes," "flowvers in tempera," "TRAJAJ scrolls," " Florentine scrolls," " friezes," " cars," " dis"coboluses," " dancing girls," ";lions," "¢LAo- c CooNs," " fruit," CC vases," '" urns," C kettles," " cups and saucers," IIHERcuEsxs," " ho?lyhocks," " ribands," " muslins," " lace." We cannot complain of want of variety. All this is a stimulus to bring out " the eye" of the British people-the eye, we mean, of course, in the artistic sense. A good deal of our nature has been developed, but they say-and we suppose it is true enough-that " the eye" has not. We are first-rate mechanics, and can master the most intricate relationships of wheels; we subdue the earth and bend the metals to our will, btit that myaterious faculty called " the eye"tthat inner guide and directing power which from some sanctuary within the brain transmits motion to the fluger-ends-has not been brought out. The subtle science of curves and angles, on which effects depend, is still a very latent and buried faculty in the English mind. So far, at least, as we could augur from the last teapot, urn, and sugar-basin that were exposed in the shopwindows, we believe that at this moment it would be dangerous to apply even Lord GAxVrE's very elementary test at all generally-that "to lay a knife and fork per"fectly parallel to one another reqaires the sort of "eyewhichis perfectedby a drawing lesson or two." Very few of us could stand even this very rudimental test, and should have to take our first drawing lesson before even we could finish dinner gracef'1y. Do we not leave off ea ing like barbarians,witl-out the least idea of a proper attitude for our knife and fo*k, and, what is still worse, eat lik-e them, too, wit. out the slightest reference to the gracefulnusag of our actions ? All this would be much alered if we siudied LAocooNs. and Nio:ss. A Lord ! eayel feast would be a perfect luxu)irnb labyriz& of goo-d curves per.ormed in th_ct of coni Wing the turtle and venison to o-ar mouths-a scete of trmultuomabeauty, like tl. Rape of the la ~ QCA triRth, 9unh ' BA(COQV, It is poMibeWq may never attain to such perfection, but.even in the practicable development of the eye we have not advanced far. What a want of even moderate inspiration there is in most of our furniture, china, and metalwork ! You go into one of our enormous marble warehouses, and see hundreds of chimuney-pieces, which follow a fixed, immoveable tradition-having exactly the same bulge in the same place, the same perpetual centrepiece, &ac. A iile of camels on the Great Desert woud not supply a more barren choice. Our marble artists are the slaves of precedent, and their profession shows the signs of an old family dynasty, upon the ancient Egyptian principle, upon which all trades were hereditary, and were transmitted, along with the family idols, mummies, and sarcophaguses, from father to son. But now, with the help of our Schools of Design, we are going to turn over a new leaf. The eye of the nation is to be developed, and we may look forward to an age-as marvellous as the Golden Age in this country-of good chimneypieces, grates, fenders, elegant papers and curtains, chintz and damask, classical carpets, anxchairs, and sofas,-an age in which there will be no difficulty in choosing a good breakfast, dinner, or dessert service. Fancy that. It is difficult to say, of course, how much of this dream will be realized. I When a nation has gone for a thousand years -with an undeveloped " eye," one begins to suspect that there are some considerable obstacles to its dovelopment. On the other hand, it is reasonable to suppose that the " eye," like the voice, or like imathematical talent, or like engineering talent, being a part of our nature, will always exist. however latently, in a certain proportion of the popu1ation. Every thousand men in Grert Britain, we know, contains a tolerable carpenter, a tolerable mason, a fair plumber and glazier. Increase the area of number, and it will give a good engineer, and should it not give a man with an " eye " We are not a musical nation, and anybody who has been in Germany knows the difference of the German musical atmosphere from our own. In that vocal country music seems to grow spontaneously, and chords come floating over the air as if they were its native inhabitants; every other group in the streets is a group of gleesingers. We ask how all the people learnt to sing, and the answer is that they learnt to sing just as they learnt to talk,-by hearing everybody I else singing about them. Music in this country has a very stiff, professional, and artificial place; it is the property of a privileged class of masters, and whoever wants to have any share of this valuable gift must purchase it by quiarterly patments. Yet, even in unmusical England theru is not a village in which a fair choir may not be got up if people wMil take the pains. IJpon the same law, we presume, we may reckon upon an eye"' existing latently in one of every thousand or two thousand, or whatever number it may be, of the population. But the truth is, this island -was for many centuries outside the great march of European art. We may not like to ov, n this feature in our history, but our national monuments betray it. Our cathedrals are, indeed, iire-rate edificee, i because the Church had the advantage of a most compact organization, which brought all parts of it into intimate connexion with a common centre. The Church had the advantage then of the advancement of European art; but the nation was a good deal removed from it, and we were externally,-in point of town architecture, streets, public buildings, houses of nobility, &c.,-rather a rough people at the time that Italy, Germauy, and France displayed much artistic luxuriance, and lodged its magistrates and nobles in palaces fit almost for the gods. Remains of our medizeval streets are to be seen now in some of our old towns-in Bristol, for instance-and what are tbey ? Why, very poor specimens of ornamental building, much inferior to the old streets of foreign towns. Our old wood and plaster houscs, with their overhanging upper stories and gables, picturesque as they are, and endeared to us as monuments of the past, do not bear any comparison with the elaborate richness, the luxury of carving and moulding, the dignity and amplitude of foreign buildings of the same date. Our insular fog intercepted the mellow light of Italian art and disconnected us in a great measure from the European centre of taste and professional skdll; and the Reformation for some time tended to confirm the estrangement. All our Puritan prejudices were against the false allurements of continental art, combined as it was with the Roman religion, and used to a great extent to illustrate its doctrines and worship. We now feel the effects of this insular and traditional separation from the centre of European art and taste, of having been for so many ages islanders and not continentals, aud we are very properly trying to remedy them. We have our Schools of Design, and o~ur annual national prizes for succ .s, we are stirring up the emulation of youth, and we invite the lower classes to enter the school of competition. Our statesmen preside at these ceremonials, and give them all the weight of authority. Nor can there be any reason why we should not succeed, but, though a School of Desiga may soon be formed, it tak-es a long time to create a national atmosphere of taste.
COUBT CIRCULAR WINDSOR, Ocr. 19. The Qaeen and Prince Consort wlked in the Home Park this morning, and visited her Roral Highness the Duchess of Kent at Frogmore. The Princess Royal and Princess Alice rode in the Riding. A meeting of the Oxford University Coramission was held at No. 17, Great Queen-street, Westminster, on Saturday last, present, the Earl of Harrowby, the Bishop of Darham, Mr. Justice Coleridge, the Hon. Edward Twisleton, the Dean of Wells, and Sir John Awdry. The Chancellor of the Exchequer left London yesterday for Harpton-oourt, Kington, Radnorshire. Lord Stanley of Alderley has left town for Alderley Park, Cheshire. Despatches were received yesterday at the Colonial-office from the Governors of the Cape of Godi Hope, Natal, the West India colonies, and the N orth Aeserican proviness.
THE MANOHBSTEB ExHIBIXION. TO THE EDITOR OF TE: TIMES. Sir,-In the notice of the closure of the Manchester Exhibition of Art Treasures which appears in your impression of this day MIr. "William " Fairbairn's name is given as the Chairman o£ the Executive Comrmittee. This is an error wbich you will, perhaps, be good enough to rectify. Mr. "Thomas" Fairbairn's name should have been given. The father has been confolinded with the son. At bome and abroad the name of the father has long been known as one of our foremost men in engineering science. The name of Thomas Fairbairn, his son, will long be gratefullly associated by bis fellow citizens and coiutrymen with the successful organization and triumphant cmpletion of one of the noblest schemes. which our age has seena realized. I am- 5Rir vmC3. f2Eit.h+II *rPVAn+. SIUU 6UIQU E. London, Oct. 19. -
TE UVIITED STApES. (nom OuBR NEW YOQRK COREEspV.AM NEW YORlK, OCr. 6. _By the Arabia, ariving at this port on the 2d -Inst., we gat the comments of the English press upon the extraordinary hurly-burly in WVall-street a month since, when all New York wa., trembling to know whether the banks would make enough advance to the Erie Road to prevent its coupons from towg to protest. The Tiwnes, as usual, hits the a8il. on the head, and says in a few words more about the real state of things that then prevailed, -than any New York journal did for a week after it. In the midst of such a state of ex-citement one is apt to over-estimate minor causes, to give them undue importance, and to ,pass by the real sources of 'tle trouble. Some of the London journals seem to have had a aimilar capacity for error. One of your contemposaries that usualy assumes to possess peculiar sources of information about things upon this continent dwells upon the recklessly profuse style of living which, it says, forms so atriking a feature of society in New York, as the main cause of the financial troubles that still surround ws. That there is plenty --of free living here cannot be doubted; but that the usual style of living is recklessly profuse you will be inclined to doubt when I tell you that there are not ten men in New York (and 1 doloubt whether there are five) who spend 5,0001. a-year. Men of moderate means perhaps live nearer up to their incomes than do Englishmen in the same rank of life; and gamblers on the Sto¢k-Exchange here, as well as in London and .Iarla, imitate at a snobbish distance the manners of atioblemen of large fortunes. No nation can claim exclusive possession of the race of HIluntingdons and Ptedpaths. Even the pious Paul and his sanctimonious partners can be matched elsewhere. To no .-nuch temporary and individual cause as this is the recent and present panic to be attributed. I do not 'think it was even brought on by such causes. The -effect in the stock-market was unquestionably in creased by the freedom of expenditure by the stocklbrokers and outside gamblers, who are, I fancy, ;pretty much the same animals the world over; but to suppose that they could by their personal extravagance produce the serivus effects which we have witnessed in commercial circles throughout -the couDtry is to give to a small " boo" a prodigious effect upon a very great calf. I need not dwell again upon the real causes of %the trouble. It is enough to say that everybody *now feels a trifle more cheerful. The arrival of the -Star of the West (about which we had begun to feel anxious) and the prompt payment of the first batch -of October notes maturing on Saturday have set the .general batch at least three notes higher. The manner in which the New York merchants have passed through acrisis that has diminished the value ofthe best kinds of property 25 per cent., and of some .-f the railway properties niuch more, entitles them to all credit. Up to this time there have been very few mercautile failures. The most Important one is the old fur house of P. Cheauteau and Co., which is understood to have been largely interested in Illinois Central. In Boston they have niot had equally good luck. Some of tae oldest, -best established houses have gone to the wall in ,the general destruction of rmanufacturing property. That community exhibits a very sound feeling in 'its tribulations, and seems resolved that its banks shall continue to maintain specie payments. The -Boston merchants had a sort of town meeting the other day, and resolved that this was policy -as well as honesty. There is now a little better feeling there as well as here, and I hope that the banks will go through. The New York " bear" organ yesterday morning expressed the belief that we have seen bottom; that the country, after all, is not ruined; and that we shall by and by come on our feet again. I need not say that I -share the opinion. The crisis has been a fearful -one; the weak ve3sels have collapsed, but the .strong ones that have stood the shock far outnumber them, and if we can get over the difficulty of getting the crop to market, we may hope that aU will be right once more. The perturbations in domestic exchange are now the great trouble. The business in New York is done on a specie basis; the business in the country on a paper basis, with the "cur. renoy," as it is called, of country banks to represent money. The crops being arrested by the extreme -caution of the farmers, exchange on New York is absolutely impossible. A merchant in Chicago wishing to make a remittance to New York bas ,only "currency" to do it with, and with this he annot buy exchange. In this way the funds, as well as the property of the country, are at a dead lock, and so must stay until confadence is restored. The best-informed bank directors look for a speedy change for the better. Mr. Stevens, the head of the Bank of Commerce, writes to a Boston friend:- " Our banks are prepared and now ready, and will soon * be much stronger, for the wise action of liberal aid to the community, More coin flows into the city from all quarters -from Philadelphia, from the West, and is already on its way from Europe. " A California steamor is due with about half as much more as there is in all Mssachusetts. Some of our banks have scarcely diminithed their loans for two months, notwithstanding their aid to neighbouring cities. The large banwl have expanded, and wiiU continue to expand. On the system of dlsooanting mainly only short paper they always have money to loan, When wiUl yours confine themselves to short dates sad cease to encourage the pernicious system of long credits-credits ramified to the last degree, from which spring most of your diffculties? Our corresponding bawks in Boston are advised that we will not press them for their balances." The general bank statement for the week scazcely justifies the strong tone of confidence that pervades this extrct. It shows the following changes from -the statement of the preceding week:- DolAs. Decrewa ot Loans..1,5,^J3A De-ease of specie.. 1s 26 682 De.ase of mxawn deposits.. . 4,120.497 Incraase t n cieantO .. .. .. 77,7 The New York Daily Times (money article) com-anents upon this statement very justly:- "The liquidation is general and unexpectedly heavy in leach department. The figures show in a very palpable way the effect of the financial storma of last wveek, and the extent to whioh our banks were drawn upon beoause of the trouble in other quarters; the doubt or uncertainty which It inspired here, and the assistance which it called forth in ColAto the support of nearly all the specie-paying points. Nearly oue-half thb. large draught of $4,C0J,000 upon the line of deposits appears to have been met in gold; most of the remainder going to the liquidation of debt due to the bans. Little or no aid was received from the Sub-Treasury 4disbursement of $2,029,000; the Mint took $400,00O, and -the savings banks $850,000. Most of the latter Is held in -their own vaults for employment in States' stocks as the -opportunity ocunr. Including the Sub-Treasury statement of Saturday aftes-noon and the Cleariog-house operatiors of -the week, 'which were unusually light (averaging only $15,180,291 per day), the following is the general compaison with the previous week, and also with the corresponding 'week of last year:- CO0LM,LRATIrVE icAPrmULATION. Oct. 4. 1858. t. 3. 3-M7. Sept. 26. I837. Dollars. DollUa7. Dollara Capial. ., .43, ,.400 .. 65,3QQO ,. 65,130,000 Loam ..1 .. .. 014 ,184 .. 1 5,935.455 .. 107,791,433 Spe4e ..8.3. 0 8.830,628 .. 1l,40Q,413 , 13,327,95 (Iroufation .. 8. 8,730 803 .. 7,916,:02 . 7,38.308 *s'adeDosita . .. 2-1,678,258 . 67,WJ7.657 ,. 73,315611 lxehasged .. 652,545 . 16,130,291 . 16,3968,48 Uxadrawn .. 13,232.312 6?,795,388 .. 56,918,863 -Ia Sub-Treay .. - .. 7,7;3,267 .. 9,777,8Q5 The balwace in the sub-Treasury last night was -$7,619,314 72c. This will be much reduced to-day -ly draughts, of which advices have been received rom Wahikngton. The Star of the West carried out on her last trip Mr. Shelta Sanford, sent to Honduras on behalf of -the Bonduras interooeanic Railway. The advices Teport him as having already started for the interior 'The town was startled yeaterday by the news of ths, 'rafety of tlw mro persons from the Ceutral Az* rica. You will find the statements of their inost ex traordinaysufferings in the journals of this morning* After floating about the Atlantic nine days, seeing one after another of their number fall into the sea, living themselves on a single dogfish, which they could only masticate (or on food too horrible to think of, and which they deny having tasted), catching ithe rain of a single shower as the onlyrelief totheir thirst. they were picked up by a passing vessel and brought to New York. The complete prostration of the manufacturing interest has thrown a great many operatives out of employ. We anticipated a winter of inusual suffering. Already the cry comes from New England that they are in want of bread. The retention of the crops at the West keeps provisions high. Leus than two mrintbs of lake navigation remain, and then we shall be dependeuit upon the railways alone for our supplies.
" TELEOBAPR" AND " TELEGRAM." TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It was with .eal astonishment that I read Mr. Walford's statement in your paper of this morning, that ',the verb r7iXsE-yptttv is formed according to the very strictest analogy of language 1" Is there any other A.A. c, Oxford, and late or pi:esent scholar of BAflslol, who is igncrant of the fact that such a compound verb is an ltnposslbility, and who wonlt ' Et to ryXtypdityua from rnlsXypa4ew ? From the 5.iJ of Scaliger down to our time all competent Greek scholars have been aware that rY)Xrjpa0iW, from . ?XEyp7ipoc, is the regular form of a verb involving a synthetic compound, and that the barytone 7qAkypifOw would be a gross barbarism. (See Scaliger on Pk",nichus, p. 266, ed. Lobeck.) fie must be a bold man who invites the world-wide circulation of 2We Timew, to advertise his unacquaintance with this piece of information. With regard to the question of " Telegram v. Telegraph" Mr. Shilleto has said all that is necessary; bat, having called attention many years ago to the point on which Mr. Walford has committed such a blunder, I feel myself obliged to pro. test against a soleoism which, if allowed to pass without a rebuke, might bring discredit on the scholarship of England. I am, Sir, your obedient servant J. W. DONALDSON, D.D. Cambridge, Oct. 17.
THE " FIRST-CLASS" COLLISIOZS OX THE CAlBBRIDGE AND OXFORD LINES. (See She Timnes, Oct. 15) TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIhES. Sir,-When Cambridgeand Oxford "First-Class" trains come into collision the world around stands awe-struck and amazed. "Telegram" is a correctly formed word, says Oxford "First-Class." " Telegram" is a barbarism, says Cambridge "First-Class." And each appeals to every one 'who knows anything at all of Greek that he is right. I used to know something about Greek, and, like the two antagonists, had the honour to be a First-Classman. In answer to the appeal, though a Cantab, I must in this case give my voice on the other side. Let our good friend, Mr. "R. S.," only regard tho adverb r-iXs as used as a preposition (and it is constantly so used-rTAE 0lXAwv, &c., Hom.); and by his own showing " Telegram" is correctly formed, after the analogy of anagram, epigram, &c. Bat, supposing " Telegram" to be a barbarism, whiat is Mr. "i E. S.'s" kindly offered substitute, " Telegrapheme"! Will Mr. " R. S." enlighten us as to the etymologicl propriety of this his bantling ! I confess to me it seems a sort of "ovO° t Xir7 ssaXE-p7vv, such a creation as once puzzled poor old Bacchus, and kept him awake all night trying to malke out what bird it was. True, in verbs compounded 'with nouns the final w (omega) wil be resolved into Ew ; thus, from 4wov and ypc0ow, we have 4wypcuE&i ; and hence 7Y7PC)47a. But ,-FIXe having nothing to do vith the nature of a noun, but being used (as above stated) as a preposition, the final w in yp'pwo, in compositlon with it, would remain unchanged, and 7TAs-7pc00EV and r7iXeypaptai would be compounds corrcutlv fonned. With regard to the "vile Americanism," "reliable," to me it seems as good English, and formed in much the same way, as "deniable," "undeniable," "eatable," "drinkable," " pitiable," and a thousand other such vwords. I fear our excellent Cambridge "First-Claw' friend is getting fastidious. Eelieve me, Sir, yours with all rssuaett A. a.
" TELEGRAM" OR " TELEGRAPHE;jl-E." TO TEHE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,--No man is better able to defend a philolo ical po3bion than Mr. Shilleto. In case, however, that heshould not think it worth his while to break a lance with his oppo. nent, Mlr. Walford, I venture to trouble that gentleman, and any of your readers interested in the controversy, with the grounds of Mr. Shilleto's accurate distinctlon. T1,Eypa601ua, the word he suggests, is descended from a hypothetical rnXnypa06v, just as amayp6oqppa (Plat. Thecart., 208) comes from the sufficiently common verb aoLaypa4)e-tv, as C-,ypaioita is derived from l,ypaoeZv; and +£vaopccppa from iEvaoypa1ta7v. With regard to the rival form r11,ypappa MIr. Walford will find, if he consults his lexicon, that ypciaya is compounded only with prepositions. Thus we have I-riypaycta, 7rpbypap pa, atiyypajuya, &c., but povacipappxa was never written as yes by Greek or barbarian. The Grameo-English monogram comes, I believe, from a Gra&eo-Latin m onogrammna, the coinage, apparently, of an African bishop of the fifth century. This word, being feminine, of the first declension, has nothing whatever te do with epigramma and its congeners ; it is apparently a feminine inflection of yovoypappioc, an adjective of tolerably reputable parentage. An obvious but false analogy led medieval writers to inflect "monogramma," " monogrammtatis," in the third declension; and hence, I suppose, the puov6ypapa of the Latin lexicographers Forcellini and Ducange. Meanwhile, to those interested for the preservation of your very useful coinage, "telegram," I venture to point out adroypac iv, in Aritet. Mfetaph1., vi., 1, 6, ed. Oxon., as supplying, on the w;hole, a better false analogy than epigram, For mny own part, I am thankful to you for a serviceable gift-horse, destined, as I fully believe, to survive the critics who have had the had taste to "look him in the mouth," Your obed;ent TeVA,I+t G. Lw P. R. Cambridge.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIAEE& Sir,-Referxing to a letter wbich appeared in 17ze Times of Friday last lrom the superintendent of police at Stafford, suggesting that Mr. Hugh Pattison, of Melbourne, who had recently arrived at Stafford and proceeded to London, saight possibly be identified as the victim of the late horible murder, we are now happy to inform you of Mr. Pattison's safety, a letter from him having reached us this morning from Ireland, where he is temporarfly residing. We are, Slr, your obedient servants. HOMANS A-2 CO. Wholesale Shoe Wawehouse, 25, Skinner-stteet, Oct. 19.
THE REPRESE2TATIOiQ OF OLDfAmL-Yesterday being the day fixed by his worship the mayor of Oldham for the nomination of a fit and proper person to represent Oldlam in Parliament, a temporary hustings was erected, and thereto his worship proceeded, accompanied by "he friends of Mr. W. J. Fox. Mr. Fox himself was not present, but was represented by Mr. William Knott. The absence of all opposition rendered the proceeditgs remarkably tame, and business could scarcely be said to be suspended. T'hemayor having opened the proceedings, Mr. Fox was proposed by Dr. Leach, and seconded by Mr. Robert Yates. No other candidate being pro osed, his worship pronounced Mr. W. J. Fox to be duly elected. Mr. Willam Knott, in returning thanks on behalf of Mr. Fox, remarked that the next session would be highly important-first, on account of the Reform Bill which had been promised, and to which Mr. Fox wonld give his attention; but the most important matter to be brought before Parliament during the next session would be British India. Relative to this he might remark that India was not only to be reconquered but re. constructed. An ascendancy of bayonets was not what was needed for India, but the ascendancy of those principles to which England owed its glory. It would be necesary to have attention directed to the civil, social and religious condition of India, and to these Mr. Fox's vigorous mind would be directed. He was convinced that Mr. Fox wonld fairly represent the feelings of the people of Oldham. Mr. Fox, he remarked in conclusion, was a first-class man, and in him were conjoined the habits of a gentleman with the ability of a scholar, the power of an orator, and the discern. ment and judgment of a statesman. A vote of thanks to the mayor concluded the proceedings. G?ENERAL HAi'm.OC1.-" Old Phlos' (says the Athenceum of Saturday) is a name which, we are sure, must be now making the hesrts of old Carthusinan dance with pride and delight. The Charter-house hes boasted of many scholars who have sprung into eminent men; asnong othera, Crasbaw, the poet; Addison and Steele, the essayists; John Wesley, the religious reformer; and Lord Ellenbero b the Lord Chief Justice. To the list will surely be adm "Old Philos." The pet name will be remembered by Carthusins whose memories cau go back some 40 years or meee. They will not have forgotten the gentle and thoughtful ld who ued to stand looking on while others playeds "d whose general meditative manner procured for hiMa tie name of " Philosopker" subgequently diminishA to "Pnlies," and occasionally applied as "Old Phlos" Tat young and pops hr philosopher is the soldier at wl6s% name th hearts ot iaglbishmen beat with honest pide. "Old Jlos"' of 1W GazWA&mo 4 is Taveloek, the b=ssA %wit,
I IREILAND. I~~~ .. ,,.- I (FROM£ oult OWiCORESPAOIMVwt-t DUBLIN, MOIunAX iMo#M.f OsANGAism XrsPOSED., The Dublin Derbyite orga:n (the Daily Espress) returns to its indictruent against the) Orange Soctety and its alleged uses, either as a po:litical, social, or religious institution. A long and laboured article in this morning's number concludes with these damning remarks :- " Orangeism exhibits Protestantism in ai campdefended by intrenchmenta thrown up halt a century ago; them smrrounded on every side by a multitudinous enema , making desperate sortiesoccasionally, and iflictnsignal;eWeamce. And now, long after peace has been ostablhsbea when the barracks of the Queen are full of troops to nrottet them, the OraDgemen obstinately keep the old g8 indbraDding all Protestants as false or doubtful who lo not -wear their colours, and as hee-rodox who do not speal, their shibboleth. They refuse to be merged in the great Jrotestant host, whic. is armed only with I the sword oi tha Spirit,' led on by ' the Captain of Salvation,' gathering ia recruits from men of all ranks and saoes, believin that GoW is no respecter of persous-that what lHe Jm ce:r- -~d we sbould not call common or unclean-that He made all of one blood, so He wills al to be . and .-ou' to the knowledge of the truth. Let F .- - oised on by names, high-soundiug phrase; > idad pretensions. What had O.nu-nm - check the aggressions o-f £ o ' *a it prevent Roman Catholic Xmnselpetion ? I.- prevented tholEcclesiasticsl Titles Act from beinga dead letter? Has ltprovented the Spread of monastic institutions in Ireland? iM it prevented tlie nanionai aystem of education from beiDg converted into a system of Papal propagandiem ? What has it ever done to strengthen and extend the Protestantism of this country? By its own confession-nothing. It was besieged in its camp, occupied solely in defending its own existeno. What has it done for poor Protestants, even as a benefit society? Where are its almshouses and its schools, its asylums for old age and orphanage ? How many of the Protestant societies which fill the Rotunda during the month of April bave been founded and supported by the Orange Society ? Those educational aud missionary societies are the strength and the glory of Protestantiam. It is by them that Roman aggresSion is encountered and repelled Instead of lying besieged in their camp, cultivating lilies mendbag flags, and keeping alive the memory of battles, the propagandists of Protestantism boldly advance against the enemy, like the liberating host of Havelock, attacldng Satan's strongholds, and still marching on Iconquering and to conquer.' The whole history of Christianity proves that the phllosophy of Orangeism on this point is unsound. True religioL cannot be preserved without being propagated. While the church is merely defensive she languishes and be. comes feeble. But when she goes forvmrd armed for the war against ignorance, superstitiou, idolatry, anti-Chris. tianism, and spiritual despotism, she becomes Istrong in the Lord and in the power of His mi'ht,' worthily fulfilling her mission as Ithe light of the world'" THE MON-TARY CRIS1S. According to the generally correct authority of the trade report of the ffreeman's Jornal, commercial matters here are on a perfectly fi-m and sound basis, and, except the severity of the high rate of interest, there is no pressure of any kind. There is not any urgency for discounts, and the banks appear to be acting pretty liberally towards their customers. Two bankruptcies appear in the last D'ublin sazette, one a country one, reported to be rather heavy, and the other a Dublin one, of mnor consequence. As a whole, the traders never passed through what has been a trying year with surer credit and less disaster. High prices, high interest, dimihished consumption, and general du. ness have now ruled for many months. The following is extracted from the trade report of the Freemant's J snzla of this morning- "No further 1ight has been thrown upon the Belfast tea frauds, and it appears likely that the principal party has for the present escaped apprehension; and although some of the Ihelps' have been laid hold of, none of theI respectable' accomplices, by whose aid and connivance 70,0001b. weight of tea had been stolen, have been brought to justice. Without knowing much of the circumstances, it seems to us that there was a good deal of remissnesswith the Customs' authorities. It appears the fraud was discovered on Thursday, nearly 24 nours before MIoore left Belfast, and he was not even put under surveillance; and we have heard it statedwe know not how truly-that It is a positive fact that the Board in Londonwere not made acquainted with the circunstance until Monday, four days after its discovery in Belfast. It is within our knowledge that on Saturday, our own collector, Mr. Gardner, was not even made acquainted with the occuMrence, although one of the first personas who should have heard of it, possessing, as Is known, the confidence of the Board in London, and aectually selected by them to condr.ct tbe inquiry. A reward of 200h. has been offered by Government for the apprehension of the delinquent." THE PAPAL DELEGATE. Archbishop Cullen has returned from Rome to his head-quarters in Dublin. Now is the time for all relief comittees to put their houses in order and mnake preparation for the approaching "winter of discontenlt."
SPORTIN{G IZTEZLIGECXE. IPA9?PPMQATTIQ WC ... . . . The Cesarewitsch accounts wer woundap this afternoon; if the absence of complaints be any criterion the settlin, Nvas most satisfactory; backers of horses were "let out' of their liabilities by the dead heat. Had Prioress won the first time, however, the Ring would bave thrown in for an immense stake, but the dead heat compelled them to hedge to their bets about El Hakim and Queen Bess- Mr Ten Broeck, as usual, backed his mare, but he coupWed her in very few double event bets, hayins taken Pryor for the Cesarewitsch, and Prioress or Babglon for the Cambridge. shire; Pryor, however, suddenly went andss, and was, perhaps, fortunately for its owner, unable to fulfil its engagement last week. No very large winners are reported, although several lucky persons aer mentioned who took 1,000 to 10 about Prioress on the first pubhcation of the weights, but who were in consequence of the mare's vwretched running at Chester unable to " get out" of their morey. So brislkly was the settling conducted that little timee was afforded for the resumption of betting on the Cambridge- shire; 9 to 1 to 100& was booked about El Haldm, andboth Mo-stissims and Csrene closed at an improvement on their last-quoted prices. Mademoiselle de C=12y, who had figured at all sorts of odds at Newmarket, was again in good demand at 25 to 1. The business transacted was as follows: CAMtBRnIDGESnrZ STAS. 9 to I agst Captain Smith's El Hakim, 3 yrs 6st, 81b. (taken), 11- 1 - Lord J. ScoWs Mcestlssima, 3 yrs, 6st, 51b. (taken). 14 - 1 -Mr. Wigram's Cyrene, 3 yrs, 5st. 71b. (t.). 15 - 1 --Mr. R. Ten Broeck's Prioress, 7st. (in- cluding 71b. extra) 20 - 1- Mr. Simpson's Fright, 3 yrs, 6t. Ullb, (taken). 20 - 1 Mr. Payne's colt by Alarm-Plush, 3 yrs, 5st. 101b. (taken). 1,000 - 45-* Mr. Drinkald's M. Dobler, 3 yrs, 6st. 71b. (taken). 25 - 1 - Count F. La Grange's Mladle. de Chan- tilly, 3 yrs, 6st. S3b. (taken), 30 - 1- Mr. J. Daon's Dunboyne, 3 yrs, ost. lOlb. (taken). 33 - 1- Lord Anglesey's Tricolor, 3 yrs, 5st. 81b. (taken). 40 - 1- Mr. C. Capel's Preatbury, 4 yrs, 6st. lOlb. (taken). 50 - 1 - Baron Rothsohild's Ellington, 4 y's St 51b. (taken). 50 - 1- Lord Ribblesdale's Gleesinger, 3 yrs, 6at. 131b. (taken). 50 - 1- Mr. R. Ten Broecks Babylon, 3 yrs, 64t. (taken). 50 - 1 Mr. J. Colpltt's Daisy, 3 yrs, 6st. lub. (t). DzRnBY 20 to 1 agst Lord Derby's Toxophilite (taken). 20 - 1- Mr. Bowles's Cock-a-doodle-doo (taken). 1,000 - 30 - Sir L. Newman's Vandyke (1,000 to 40 taken once). 1,000 - 30 - Mr. T. Parr's Relpie (taken). 1,000 - 15 - Mr. Disney's Knight of Malta (taken).
TEnm LAST SAVED FROMS THE CErTEAL ArTRicA. -After a lapse of 16 days since the first party of those saved from the Central America were landed at Norfolk from the gallant little brig Marine, and when every hope of seeing any more of the unfortunate passengers and crew of the lost steamer had been almost extinguished, three more have beenreturned to their homes. After enduringthemost terrible sufferings on the open sea for nine days-they were without food or water-drenched with the waves, exhausted fromi exposure, and reduced to skeletons from starvation, they were mercifully snatched from death in the darkest hour of despair. The account of their long agony, is harrowing. One of them, Tr. Tice, the second englneer, was drifting on a plank for 72 hours, when, espying one of the damaged lifeboats, he fortanatey succeeded in reaching her, and soon after fell In with the other two, Grant and Dawson, clinging to the hurricane deck of the steamer, and took them off. There is a sad episode in the story of these two mnen. It appears that at one time there were 12 in all on the hurriane deck, of whom 10 perished miserably from exposure and starvation-a slow, lingering, and painfal death. While drifting about at t'ie mercy of the waves they saw several others clinging to portions of the wreck, but were uanable to aid them; and, as there is no account of any of them having been taken off by any other vessel, the painful con. clusion Is forced upon us that ihey are lost-that we shall never he.-r more of the brave Herndon and the hundreds of unfortunateg who went down with him on the deck of the Central Ameria. It is a rmarkable fact that tbe men lst rescued had drifted on their frail support nearly 600 miles from the spot where the seamer sank, before they were picked up-a dreary voyage, the terrors of which, with a protracted and agonizin.. death staring them in the face, no one but themselves caa realize. There are few instances, if any, on record of mea enduring so much from tbe disasterof shipwreok, yet cemlig so bravely thro,gh It. Though there is little cause for hope that any more will be or have been saved, still there is EL bare possibility that some of those seenr clibgln to the captain's cabin or the wheel house may have 'been pieked up by some vessel not yet heard from. We sincr.rely tust, though we hardly dare hope, that it may be so.- -New Bark Herald. TP: OCow3isu Fisusrrrzs.-Upwavrds of 400 hob1has of fio pUchsards were taken by Messrm. Bolitho a Ij,r,., of B. Ives, last wee}, and nearly 1,000 hcgsbeads by, the Corawall Comzpany. The boats on the drift avo. been, I takin fxona. 3fto 1,00 niakerelptr dy, whibU b,M MgU
I .lIy , tN'iNDIA.,-2HZ REB:EF .FUD.. AT.VYTTmv A meeettg of the inhabitants of this town, presided ovei by Mr. Ba&jurd, `k.P.,has been held in the County-bal. The CHswseiXA eaid,-It would be useless at the prawn'. mioment to trawe the o;gin of the revolt, but he felt satisfled is was not to be satributed to the attempted converaion of the natives to Ckistianity, as the lnsurrection had been purely military, tbeapdople generally having taken little or no 1part in it, but, on the cuotrary, had succoured the wretched sufferers of botip sexes who vrere flying from the ruthless miwreanut who, were Eeekirg their lives. They had, therefore, much moerigghlto attribute the klndly feelings and dispositions of the,natives to the efforts of Christirnn mnislonaries than they had the misfortunes which had arisen to their attempts at conversion. Archdeacon BicKERsThs, who rnoved the first resoluHo, expressive of deep sympathy with the sufferers in India, attributed the outbreak to the fact that, wnder the plea of resecting native prejudices, the Government hax' been hiding Christianity and dishononring God in the sig..e of hesthen By encoain areducation they but undermined the faith of the indoo without ving ' n any better faith in its plce. Unwrthy thoug country had been of its trust, be still hoped it would sue. ceed m reestablihing its empire in Indi7, and whatever might be our future policy be trusted it would at least be based on the solid foundations of Christian principle hr. J. RosY seconded the resolution, which adopted. or. AToN Tn moved that a subscrpon be forthwith raised, w -hich waaseconded by the Bev. W. . BES. rH. WATSON moved that half of the subseripon be reserved for the relief of the widows and orphans of the Brilish soldiera who might fall during the war, which was Air. I R.Bosre, and carried unanimously. Mr. I DELL moved the appointmtent of a committee to elect subeernptions fromn houlse to house, and the resolution having been agreed to thanks were voted to tbe chair. mnan, and the mueethng separated. FOWEY. A public mneeting was held in this town last week; the Rev. E. J. Treffry presided. The Rev. J. tiiLTo- moved, and Major DAvrS Feconded the following remolution, which was carried unanimously:- ' That this meetmg, deeply ympathizing with the numneroe helpless ufferren by the mnutinies Iu Iodia, desree thus ubWcly to rord Its deep se:ne ot the magnitude of the calamity, and its abhor,enoe of the *nprecedented atrocities of tho mutineerr; and trusts that such energetio efforta will be made by Her Majesty'a Govprnment, and by the 1ast India Company, for the effectual represson of the rebehlloa andthejust pulshment of theguilty, as will, underthe DiTine blecsng, be crowned with speedy and complete succes" A committee was appointed to collect subscriptions. REDRUTH. A public meeting was held at the Town-hall on Saturday. The two members of Parliament for tbe western division of Cornwal, Mr. hfichael Williams, and Mr. R. Davey were present, as well as most of the clergy resident in the neighbourbood. Mr. i. Williams, X.P. presided. Ar. R. DAVEY, M.P., moved the first resolution:- "That this meeti deeydeplore the serings of o. r fellow counrymen and countrywomen in India., and deir to Oxprea Its waiesst smpathy with them and their afMcted relativeL. The hon. gentleman expressed strong sympathy wvth the Indian sufferers, and great indignation at the barbarous and atrociors conduct of the Sepoys, and made a powerful appeal to the inhabitants of Redruth to use their utmost efforts to raise a liberal subscription. It was then resolved that a committee should be appointed, and that a hoase-to-house collection sbould be immediately made in the several parishes of Redruth. GRLEAT MARLOW. A meeting has been held hore in aid of the Indian Relief Faud, the Rev. F. Bussell, vicar, in the chair. The meeting. though not numerously, vas respectably attended, and among those present were Lieutenant-General G. P. HligginSOn, Mr. O.Wethered, MUr. F. W. Berger, Mtr. P. Borgnis, the Rev. G. Taylor, MIr. T. 0. Wethered, and others. It was resolved to raise a subscription in ait of the sufferers, and a commvittee was appointed to collect from house to house. 981, 6d. w,as subscribed at once.
WRECK OF ANAMXJICAN SHIP AND NARROW ESCAPE OF THE C.RW. SOUTHAMPTON, OCT. 17. By the arrival at this port to-day of the captain and crew (16 in all) we learn the particulars of the loss of the Richard Anderson, Captain C. E. Coffin, and the narrow eseapE of all on board. The Riehard Anderson was a fall ship, and left Rotterdam for Baltimore on the 29th of August last. On the 23d of September, when in lat. 44.9 N., long. 38512 W., it was found that the vessel had sprung s leak forward, and several hands were immediately put to the pumps. The wa.er continued to increrse for several days, notwithstand. ing the pumps were kept going continually day and night, and the crew got quite worn out. On the morning of the 27th moderate breezes set in from the southwest, which increased during the afternoon alnd evening to a hurricane, and at 8 p.m. the maiDtopsail waS hlown away. At 9.30 p.m. the ship heeled over suddenly, and on going below It was found that the lower hold was half full of water and all the cargo adrift, the ship at this time lying on her beam ends. The main spanker was brailed up and the forward sails set to try to get the ship off before the wind, but they could not get any canvas to stand the hurricane. At 10.30 p.m. the mizenmast was cut awaT, and at 11 the mainmast was also cut away. At this time the hurricane was at its height, and the ship still lying on her beamends, so that no one ouald get along the decks. The ship rolled heavily, and the pumps were kept going, but with very little effect, the crew being nearly exhausted from their continued labours. The hurricane moderated as the night advanoed, and the morning of the 28th opened with fresh gles and squally, the ship still lying on her beamends. The pumps were getting useless, and the crew continued balig water out of the quarter-hatch with buckets, but could not get much out on account of the cargo being all adrift la thohold. This was contiueddu ngthe day, and at 2 p.m. the gale abated; but the vessel still made more water, and was settling down very fast. At 6 p.m. the longboat was got ready for launching. At 7 they shipped a heavy sea, which carried away the lor gboat and stove a second boat, thus leaving them with only one boat. The ship was roUing very heavily to leeward, and they had to cut away the foremast (the only one leftstanding) to ease her. At midnight, thew eathergetting r.oremoderate, thelastboat was gotreadyfor launchlng,as the ship was stilsettling down in the water, and pumps and baling were rendercd useless. At 9 30 a.m. on the 29th the bo.t was got ready, and the second mate and one man placed in her, but in launchiher she got half full of water, and in passing her rouda the stern of the ship she swamped, and the mate was lost; the otber man was rescued, and the boat righted. In this perilous condition they remained till the following afternoon, when a sail was seen on the starboard bow at 4 o'clock. They hoisted a signal of distress, and as it wavs getting dark showed a lght and burned a tar-barreJ. At 7 p.m. they came within hailing distance, when the orew of the Richard Anderson took to their boat and went alongside tho vessel, which proved to be the bark 'ille de Fecamp, from the banks of Newfoundland. They were taken on board, and the sinking ship abandoned, her state that time leading to the expectation of her capstzing and going down in a very short time. They left her in lat. 41, long. 31-31. On the 3rd of October they felU in with the bark Sir Edward Parry, of and for London, which took them on board, and on the 16th transferred them to the Charlotte pilot-boat, of Weymoutb, where they were landed at 310 p.m. Thence they came on to this plae by rail this morning, and made application to Mr. Thomson, the American consuL The captain, we believe, returns to America by the Arago steauaer on Wednesday, and the crew will be sent home the first opportunity. The Sir Edward Parry is a South Sea whaler, and comes home, we are infosmed, with 300 tons of oil on board, after being out three years and a-half.
TnE MuinDER xEAn NOTImGHA3r.-The jury appointed to investigate the eircumstances under which the i boy recently found murdered in a forest near Nottingham1 came by his death have returned a verdict of " Wilful' murder against some person or per-ons unknown." The pcice are still prosecuting their researches, and a reward of I 1001. bas beon offered by the Government for the apprehension and conviction of the murderer. A DnATm SCN n MIBN sIsYa pi.-The following from the Examiner gives an account of the execution of Jefferson Gray, for shooting Robert Abernathy, in Pontotoc county, MlississipL With a general hurrah and shouting the crowd mnarched their victim off immediately to the woods. About haif a mile trom the town of Red Land they balted at a hickory tree at the road side, tied a rope around the prisoner's neck, and threw the other end of therope over a limb of the tree. They then gave him a few minutes to say his prayers and speak what he had to say. He first called for a drink of water, which being given to him he said, " they had one end of the rope around his ncek and the other over the limb, but as there was a God in heaven and a hell below he was innocent of the charge against him." Some one then cried out, "Hang him up; he is determined to die with a lie In his mouth." A motion was made to swing him up, wben he cried to hold on ar,d he would confess and tell the whole truth. A little time was given him. He then confessed that he shot Abernathy, that some difflculty had ocourred between Abernathy, Jones, and himself; that he went to Abernathy; in the field, and attacked him on the subject. Abernathy having no gun. acknowledged himself in Gray's power, turned his bak to h to walk off, when be shot himin tie ack. After ke had fired the gun Abernathy exclaimed, "You have killed me, Gray, but I am going to Heaven !i He further stated ihat "no one else wasimplicated in the murder but himself that his wife was a good woman, and he hoped sbe would be taken Care of; thatAbernatby was a goodman, and he believed Was gone to Heaven; as for himsoM he could see *ho flames Of tell blazing under his feet liks dry broom sage." He then prayed awhile, and calleA for some one to pray for him. Whereupon Major Steel%, by requezt o2 the comPany, prayed a very solemn and fervent prayer for the *piritual welfare of the prisoner, and for the sanction o( Heaven upon the'rt proceedings, the most respectful order and silence beiD g observed by the crowd during the prayer. Some other remarks were then made by the psioner, mingled WY'ih prayers, &c. He then coled up the biothers present o.f the man he had murdeted, and desired to shake hands a d bid them farewelL They all, beingthree or four, we bel .eve, caine up and gave him thoir anuda. Here, or dur,jg the intervals of these proceedings, a contribution wo s made up by the company present, of about two hundxf .d dollars, for the benefit of the prisoner's wife nkd chid, who were about to be left a widow and orphan. After VUich the prilsoner *w-. mounted upon a horse, a li andkt rchief tied ovor his eyes, made to stand on his fe3t i updon the horse, the rope tightened over the limb, the horse I)ed out freqi uder, and the unfortunate victim of th9 il e'.riblO 'vteanee of an outraged community left to 5' .ving an4 quiver ltween Hleqaven a nd eh; a if it t or
IrztzPATd COLLSroy ON THE $oi7tH W SALS I BAILWA Y. NEABTI, Ocr. 19. nae inqueet ou the body of Satrh Ann Harnter *as resumed this morning before Mr. Catlibertson, coreer for Glamoranshire, at the Town-halL 3Mr. Tripp anD llr. Cottenham, of London, appeared onr behalf of the oompMny, with Mr. Clarke, the geuernsupere intendent of the line. Thomm Gannell, dkiwr of the down train, which left Cheltenham at 6.30'or thb mornig ofthe collisioi, was the first witneEs caled. Ve deposed that his train arrived at Pyle station at 10 20; being about nine Ininut;es behind time. They wore stopped by a messengerfrom thedirectio, of largn^, who said a tram had broken down at Margum and obstructed the down-line. Witaess propoed to go on icautiously along their ows ine (the down) to the spot, as they could render assistance. The paengers, how. ever, said that the guard of the goods tramin bad ordered that nothing was to come oD until further orders, on which witness said, "Then, I've dbne.'r They were detined at Pyle an hour and 18 minutes, when Mr. White, the stationmnnster of Stormy, camne down, and aid witnes was to book his trin up the down line to Stormiy. Witness asked him if he had given instructions to stop everythingcomnag down and he replied that he had. Witness then aked br.White for a written order to go back and retu or. the wp line, and Mr. White said he would give it him at Stormy. Witness, however, required that he should have it before he moved the regulator, and Mr. White then gave him one in pencil, which wVs exchanged on their geettag to Stormy for an order in ink. At Stormy, afteJr few miinutes' delay, Mr. White got on the englne t' act as pilotman, and they then prooeeded don the up line from Stormy toardwt Pyle. They went cautiously down the bank, butrdid nat saop at- Pyle. Had pased Pyle, and as he was proeeeding, along be rw some steam at a distanoe before hit of about half a mile. Could not see on which line of raile the engine from whilh the steam proceeded was running, but called to the fireman to " hold on," in order that they might be sure. XIn a second or two he reversed his engine end blew the guard's whistle from that tbne until the collision took pl ce. Itwas thez about a quarter pust 12 o'dock. When at Pyle statioi, before backing at Stormy, Mr. White told witness that hbehid had a telegraphic message from Port Talbot, directing that the down train sh ould proceed on the up line to- Port Talbot. Heard no conversation at Stormy. By Mr. Tripp.-As they passed Pyle the second time the messenger from Port Talbot give the signal with hi hand "all right," and he then made bimself sare he was rkiht, and had wonfidence. It was after that he saw the steam of the approaching up train. John Days, policeman at Stormy station, heard of the obstruction by the breaking down of the good strain atabout a quarter to 11 o'clock. Was in the office when the tele. graph message arrived from Port Talbot some time after U o'clock asking if the down train had left. EHe was sent into the office by Mr. White; the bell wa not " on." It ought to be on. It was on when the Irish goods was tele' graphedat Bsidgend. Was not in the offie after unttl senI by Mr. White. His answer to the Port ¶albot inquiry Wa that the down train had not come back from Pyle. Was told by Sr. White to ask at Port Talbot whetner it would be right for the dow n passenger train to go on the up line. This was before Mr. White went to Pyle. Was telegraphing the inquiry and had got as far as "Is right to send down," when Mr. White came in, and witness told him how far he had got with his message, and that he had not made them Aunderstand his message yet. They had given him signals that they could not understand him. Mr. White then took the instraument out of witness's hands, bat witness could not say whether he sent a message or not, but heard him tele. graphing. Did not receive any message from Port Talbot, " Send down train from up line," nor any other message than what he had stated. Mr. White did not tel him that he bad received amy such message. As Mr. White was leaving the office to go with the train towards Pyle heard him gLve directions to some person to " telegraph to Port Talbot that eown train had now left on up hue to Port Talbot. Gardner, the forem%n, came to the door, and said the order was that Davy was to take the telegraph and witnessto gointothe yard. By Mr. Trtpp.-There was no necessity for attaching the bell to the telegraph while any person was in the office, as his attention would be attracted to the instrument, if at work, without it. Before Mr. White gave him the orders to telegraph the under guard of the down train, who had come back from Pyle and had seen Mr. White, said he believed his train was to go d,wn on the up lire. Darint, the time Mr. White was rbsent at Pyle witness was not out of the c,ffice, and wa3 endeavouring most of the time to telegraph to Port Talbot. When he first " called" Port Talbot it was not answered, but it was answered afterwards. Had a good m any signals that they did not understand him, but he got with his message as far as the word '- down," which he believed they understood, but could not get them to aunderstand further. Was using the single-needle instrument. The sigle-needle instrument was put up last Auast, and wvitness had been instructed in its use by Mr. White, and had used it most of the time stuce. By the Jury.-The single-needle instrument which he uced was only connected with Porb Talbot, Stormy, and Bridgend. Mr. Clatrke here explaimed that the single-needle instrament was totally unconnected with any other, and that a message from Bridgend could not interrupt a message between Port Talbot and Stormy. By the Jury.-Did not hear Chapman remonstrating with Mr. White for sending the train on the up line. By Mr. Tripp.-Was not in the ofiice from 9 or holf-past until Mr. White sent him there before he went to Pyle. Davy was afterwards at the telegraph, and said the up train had left Port Talbot. Witness then told him to stop everything. The down train had then left for Pyle, and it was useless to send any one after it. William Davy, porter at Stormy, deposed that at 11.64 he received instructions from Mr. White to telegraph to Port Talbot. His instructions were- Davy, try and let Port Talbot know that we have lefton theup line." Wi-tness proceeded to telegraph, and had got as far as " Down passengers," when the telegraph man at Port Talbot stopped him by a message saying, 'IJp passengers now left." : his was at 11.58. Did not hear Mr. Chapman remonstrate with Mr. White for sending the down train on the L- line. Eeceived the message from Port Talbot on the s'nle needle instrument, the same as that on which he was trying to send the message to Port Talbot. When be received this message from Port Talbot, that the up paEsenger train had left, the down train had left Stormy four minutes. Called Port Talbot several times on the double needle instrument after the message, but could not make them understand. In the couihe of the inquiry the following rules, applying to " accidents and obstructions on the line," were read, as bearing upon the case:- " Rule 23.-Wben a train is stopped on It, jin rsey by an accident, or from any cause other than the regular stoppage at the stations, the guar ft tbere be nly one, or the under guard, if tmer be wo or more, bhah immediately go back with danger signals to atop any coming train: and shall, In addition to bli hand signaX take his detonator and fases ignals. At every Interval of 30c yards from hbi toin he muat place upon one of the rails of the line upon whilh the iSoDpee has happened one of the detonstors, and on arrilneg at tha disdance ct a miUe he must place upon the sune Itne of ralls two detonators, and con6picuouiy exhibit his hand danger iadl to atop any coming train. The gasrd hail not re'urn to his train untU recalled: and when he Is recalled he must remove the detonators, and light and fix In the ballutt uee eaeo slgnal in hen thereof at the point from which he is recalled, and ano. ther halfla mile from his train. Should the guard be recaed betore he his gonehack a mile, he must leave the fusee signalathe place where he is when recalleA, provided that the distauce be not leas than half a mUe from the rear of his train, but he Is in no cse to return wdthout having gone back hLl a mile aad left a tu ee signal at that distace, and if the apot whence e 1s recalled be more than half a mile and less than a mile, he is to ltave one tiasee sgpal at-that apot sad anotber at the hall-mile 4 sL In the eveit of any acddent r obstructlon oscurring, or becoming known to any pollceman or person employed on the permanent way, he Is Insthntly to sbow the danger signal and place a detonator on the raila, and to hastea back In the proer dhicon to atop any train which may be approaching an the same hune until hehees proceeded one mile from the place of sccldent, where he mmat place two detonators on the rails, and remain, with the danger signal shown. In order to stoD the coming traina, until he snowi the line again to be perfectly clezr and unobstructed: " 95. Should the axldent ocalon the toppage-of bOth lines of ail. way the guard wil Eend the Dreman orother cor3abent person in advance of the train to signeD tralns on ite oppositallne.of rails, who wiluse thesamme precautions aw required by the psecedingrulc. '- 96. Should the obstructlen be of a nature Whiclr cannot be I1me. diately removed by the parrons on tOi spot the guard must, after having taken the Precanuonm requiredF depateh a messenger toths nearest statino for ar>siateace. " 97. Xo down traKin may run uponSthe on Itlunoc.su train UDOn the down line. exept In cases of axtreme emergenoy and nndew the tollowing regulsisons. " Si. Suoh operatior, may only be condued, under the perongsl diretion of a superina:ident or station. clerk, who wi it despatsh a telegphio message to the ossr In charge of the * bstion at the other end of that porton of tOe line to be used is a single rine to atoD any t in approas iIn that direction, sad to eaxfy himr lf ta uchmeage has bean received and thatn.-traninsat the mem rnngnn on och portion otLline, or, If taere is uot elegrap .a written sommiu. nication must be- sent by speial msenger a5n the qidckest means " On the resiet of such tokegrphiamneaago or icyl.ten comunni. catton, the p1tan to vhonili is addrba m-t 7eplj to It by te. graph or In wehlg. as the cae may. require, to show that it, obj%ct Ie clearly usanatoG.d and until the rend y Ja receil by the osicer dtrecting the operation hpmnut notkUalhw sash eng er rain to start upon the wg ng line., The ij-qni ry was proceefing } bseae our report Wa despatched at 2.13 p.m. It is expected to be conciuded tonight.
THE MIRIUli AT LiCOR WOODS&-The Northampton HeroJdd states that a shawl and earet-bag, oontain ing a, hirbhash, paxatnrn, a*d other arti as, discovered in the room of the prisoner Beale, at Badby House, by Paine, thfe Daventiy policeman, have, through the instrumentality of the Buistol police, been identified as having been observeK in the possesnion of Charlotte Pugsley when shae was bst scee in company with the prisoner, in addition to this awkwad commentasy upon the prisoner's statement before the Brisbl snagistrates a portion of the wire frame of a bsvet and a blood-stained fragment of the fabrie with wkieh it w,s oovered have also teen found in the grza'e of the prisoner's room, and are in the possession of Ispector San. ome. Ii is asertd that these relics also r& sffident for tdentifieation as havijig bee worn bz the murdered woman.,
sN Z ir IRD:DlhCjOB Of2~ 'e &vUf . .A .E by ' 0 2HE Z.- 2AEU. 71T.Wy. - . IMr. J. P. WPoIUpnpy, M.P. for- Ieomlnster (wVose name has recently beeo before the country in reference to the affairs of the East India Company,- of which he is a director), in addressing A mieting iat Leominster on Friday bight mnade the following remarks :-" You will probably expect from mc, the best portior. of- whoa" life has been sent ill India, wome remarks upon the origin aud cause of tbcce trzible exatg., I apprW ch this subject with diffi. dence, bat I will snake a fewrensarkswith the one proviso, *tiat what I say must be regarded as my own opinion only, and notes that of a party organ-only as addresing pou as lour repeentative in Parlhmeat en a sabject of- the deepest Jereat. Fir*, then,. E cminot agree with those wo vier this revolt wa natis nl e. I see no indication of its being a genera4 smoveeent on the par of a peoyle rising aat misgovermesnt,. op,ressie and wrong ; if s, I Should usparr of aw speedy resferstion of peeAend trn-. quillHty. snt' I see masy indisationa that PFit t ot a' national strngle for in)apendenec: The 2sssvz* of the, population are with us; tie indostrial, thie agricaultual, the oommnercial c}awsee are all on autr side, and even ther resources round JDelhi are a* our cosmnand. Look, again, at the native chiefS and Prinm vwho, with-a ifing excsep tion, are all on our aide, and lave given-u' ready and ectensive aid, Inm that part of Thdix 'ith' whhh I wasoar long connecied tbere has been ne rebellion-;-all hsve proved faithful to the Govermment and have- givan us- t3e readiests help. Even from the remotest provnces' the people have come forward to asUit the British (Govern oeit,-some withmen, some with mouey, and some with both. Par fronmco"sdiering this a national movement, I tlOinktheoBritish administration in India. has receiel a sevre& tes that -our role is sahtifactO to the *enerhl n-ses of tie population. Then; the revolt is pecanllrly a miltery one, confied to a portion Only of our army, though a try largo portion The drat act of the mutineerZ was to release-fronrmgaol- 1U'°°°' or 12,000 crisninAls, aud tIey were joiutd by that miscrealt Nena Sahib and the scm of the population (suck as may be found in every large tow in every lare -ounery * and thee are the elements arrayed against us.I do not saythatdit is not a formidable revolt ;. 7(,ODO or SO,OCGOmnre trained and discipUned by us are of oourse fornidabler, and it is humilfating to our pride that men, above all othsrs pampered and indulged, should have inbreued their hand, in4the blood of those rith whom they have long associated. The Bengal army being ripe for revolt, P consider that greassed csrtridges' were the immediate cause oF-he rising, made use- of by de- u men, because it united the hAhomnedan and the fl-dco l a coummon cause. Ba let mea et benisunde,stood Although I think it:very probable that this wasmade the pretext for rebellion, I 8rzmly believe,- that- mnsny who were otberwise loyal soldiers were seduced from their allegiance by this means, and were really made to believe that the use of these cartridges-was to be forced upon them to destroy their religion. In fact, there seems tohave been a delusion almost amounting to insamity, which no effort on the part of the authorities could possibly have prevented. ba±.y are the causes to uhich the rebellion has been attributed-the conduct of European officers, the centralization of authorityi depriving commanding officers of the power of rewarding.or punish. ag,theunwise abolition of coporeal punishment in the native army while it remained as- a custom in the Eur army, on the plea that it iould interfere to preventh caste men from entering into the army. Some, again, say that it was a movement against the missionaries- but I am bappy to say that, neither in private nor official sources,-is there the slightest trace that such was the case. The mis- smonaries were, generally speaking, not obnoxious to thenatives; they passed blameless and self-denyinglives, and have sown much good seed in Inda, from which-I. have.r3o doubt much good fruit will hereafter be produced, Bat, in justice to those holy men (with many of whom I. am acquainted), I must say that the revolt was- clearlynot directed against them, because, if so, they would have become the especial objects of vengeance vhile (as has been happily observed) the outbroek-hiszbeen the strongest where no mlssioiay ever resided-; and although, unfortunately, some few. of them have fallen, it - has been In general a massacre of Europeans. Anotber - party, taking a political Tiew of the case, say that these terrible evenuts originated in the yearning ofthe Mussnlmans to recover their lost dominion; but'whether that yeareing, excited the revolt, or Whether the revolt excited the yearning, does not appear. At all events, it is perfectly clear that such a feeling does exist ; but still this could only be a partial cause, or it would be impossible to account- for- the - fact that the Mussulman princes and population- exhibited very little sympathy with the mutineers. By others the sevolt is attnbuted to what is caled the annexation policy. I do not think that is the case, because those aefected most by that polic7 have not joined the movement, and, with-one slight exception, it would not affect the revolted body. But, whether right or wrong, the annexation policy has been upheld by all parties in this oountryi and the only party who on more tha n one occasion resisted and opposed it was the East India Company, as- the Parliamentary records of 1843 and 1844 will prove. These-are some of the causes which may have eontributed to this outbreak; but, at the same time, I think it behoves persons to approach the subject with reserve and caution, because proper inquiry will be instituted by the auth 'ties wben the present emergency has passed away. The'e is one other cause assigned to which I would allude, tlat the Bast India Company have neglecced their duty of evaRnge. linng the natives. This is a large and wide quetion - but I think that while i'4 is our duty to abstaini from .-ire interference with the conversion of natives to Christianitythat while on the one hand we are bound by treatles and Acts of Parliament to tolerate their forms of vorship so long as they are not opposed to puklio morals, on the otber hand I thilkit is our duty openly to avow our Christian faith, aLd by precept and example to show that we are a Christian natlon, acting upon Christian principles. (Cheers.) What we halve now to ook for is the punishment of those who have so grossly betrayed their trust ; the liberal reward-of -those who have assisted us, particularly those who- have be. friended our countrymen and countrywomen in.-their- distresses. We shall have to reortize our mility force, wbich no doubt muast in the main be dependent upon EBroge"n arms, assisted by native troops, for it wIl be- impo"sible to perform all the duties by Buropeans. By a jsidicious mixture of the two such a force may be-maintained as will prevent for the future the danger from- whioh- I hope we have now almost escaped. In the next session of Parliament the subject will doubtless be amply and fully discussed; a-sd I hope the great Conservative.partywd - approach the subjectthan which none can be of nmore interest both to England and India-in a calm and di-s. passionate spirit, determined to do only what is best for India and to avenge without destroying. That is.the.prnciple we have acted upon and will act upon, I am not pre. pared to defend the system by which IndLia i -at present governed. The East India Company may have commaitted sine of omisson and commision, but, taken as a whole, their rule hba been benefi¢ent and has done.great good to India. Whether any other ystem of government may be devised which would be more beneficia1 I cannot ssa but it certainly would not answer to place the wh ole of tat-vast empire nn(eDr a Secretary of State, assisted by resident' cfiicers."
TO SHB EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have seen an article In 2lz Tiime of the 14th inst. rela'ive to the feelings of Roman Catbalics on the Indian mutiny. Yoa will, I fear, deem it very presmptuous of me,. a. private individual, to enter into any discussion -with. the editor of a journal wielding such enosmous power over the nation as yours does; but, trustinr, to your well-known love of country and often proved feelings of justice to. pardon me, I shall endeavour to indueayou to modify the opinions expressed in that article. As to individual instances, whatever wrong.deductions.I, may consider you to draw from words made use.of, yet you have a perfect right to express an opinion; but when you come from theae (even on your own showing) particular instances to draw a general conclusion. I do. think and hope. *you will agree with me it Is scarcsly fair. When,you speak of Roman Catholics, or Papists, if. . you please, you.include all oi that religion in the empire. -Now, before yott. w*il have recived this you wilL have seen. that., somo of the most Catholio counti3sa. in Ireland have assein bled, led on by some of the-mAst Catholic.of the gepntry, Catholio priests assisting; many more connties are preparing to meet, and Catholic bishopa have signed the rea4isitions; and I do not think you have Iound.or xill find it shown by. the language or acts of suab persons at sauch-moetings that, they feel disposed to stand aloof fromAke.rest oS the. nation. in vinditating the honour of the empie Let mo aYure you, Sir,. lnto no beatts .hav-a thxe hideous acts of these mutineere.burnt desper than that of Irish Roman Catholics; and, as you wil3sfznd nons more forward in demanding that sterm justioe 'e dona an the assasslns than Irish Roman CatOalios at -hme, so Ia the field, trmst me, the bayonets widced by nm of- the same creea and. 'country will not be the list tu . carmy sch dem%uds iyto execution. When, then, Sir, we Catholiesof Ireland are only waiting, anxiously for the mesnent whan we an collectivly. express our adherence to %e cause 4 patrioCism and humaaity in, our several coanties do not, 11entreat of- you, ihrow amsong us anything calculted to damp suzh feelinga by the beief thait we are wrong judgwA and taistrusted, and, above all things do conzider that such enticles in a.ch a.jouzanl-as The Times maX evoke in.linglarl a.spirit you would be the last to desire 6e, see exst, and that bitisa feelings escited act and reac. to sueb. an extot. as to get beyon; 411 control, and seb. at nought the exertiona of wellddiposed and thinldng pe3ple who ca they but stard apart and grieve. Trusting you wDl kindly forgivs this lintrus.oe, whib,J believe mi, is well intendQd, I Inve the honour to he youT nyrduAI rDni LAwRENVyj BE%NtE WfITE Cant. and JI.1' N eMWds, Q10o3aaoe, rerns, coxavy We-,ford, Irdaud, Oct 16.
UDIAN ORw'Ns.-The Executive Committeeof tbeS Roy A Asylum of t*1e St. Ann's Society has, with csmmer,dable sympathy for the sufferings of our fellowv 0ountr ymen in India, taken the initiative in rendering ihe tene,Poi.nt Institutions of the metropolis avail'able for nuittgating the anguish and misery caused by the terrible se5mes lately enacted at Cawnpore and other mutinous istricts. Some fevr days since it came to the knowleadg of the committee that a clergyman's widow bad arrived from India in a stato of destitution, bringing vith ber two ehildren-a boy and a girL The father waa murdered in I3is pulpit, and all the cong eMatiU= massacred. These destitute orphans were instantly offered free admision to the privileges of the Royal Asylum, and we have reason to believe that similar acts of well-timed 'jb i y conteuplated by the exoquttyq depjtae
FOBBIGN IZEYLLIGE2CE. - R AVtWh. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) X portlon of the folowiug appeared in our $ewoid erA S, OCT. 18, S P.m. A private letter fror Stookholm states that Count de Platen has been definitively named to succeed the 3Baron de Hochachild as Minister cf Sweden In London. This aelection is regarded in Sweden with approbation, all the more as it is, at the sama time, the first nominatior under the T'-egency to an important poBt; it is a favourable inauguration of the new rggime, and an earnest of what ulterior appointments wil be. It has added to the populaty of t;he Prince Royal, as well as to that of the Minister for Foreign Affair Count de Platen is described as among the most esteemed memben of the Swedish nobility, and he has always distinguished himself in the Diet by his advocacy of enlightened and liberal measures. He was named Minister of Marine in 1848, but he fUed the post only a short time, owing to political reasons. He began bis career as an officer in the navy, and spent many yer in England, and lived on board the vesels of the Royal navy. Be is a -warm admirer of English character and manners, and has cherished the strongest prediletion for the country. The Countess de Platen is spoken of as a lady distinguished for grace of mauner. She Is the only daughter of the Count de Geer, one of the wealthiest of the Swedish aristocracy. No one at Stockholm doubts that Count de Platen will be welU received in England, and that he will be found to be admirably fitted to continue and consolidate the politcal and comercial relations, as well as the friendly feelings, which have so long subsisted between the two countries. Lord Rowden had a long privaite audience of the Emperor of the French a fewr days ago at St. Cloud. The principal topic of conversation was the pssent state of Spain. 1 am happy to say that the most complete accordance on that sbject between England and Erance was the result. It is to be hoped that the knowledge of this fact will arreat the pernicious designs of the retrograde party in Madrid. The Emperor and Empress left this afternoon for Compiegne, accompanied by the Ministers of Finance, Justice, Foreign Affairs, two or three members of the Diplomatic Body, and some other persons rpecially invited. The legal proceedings before the Correctional Police-court of Colmar, in the department of the Haut-Rhin, and on whic.h the judges are to deliver their decision on Thursday next, are amusing aud instructive. The defendant, M. Jules Migeon, has been prosecuted on various charges, which, in the opinion of the law officers, should disqualify him from taking bis seat in the Legislative Body, to which he has been recently elected, though, perhaps, his greatest offence consists in having obtained a majority of 7,000 votes over the Government candidate. This triumpb, obtained in spite of Prefects and Sub-Prefects, Mayors and Commissaries of Police, and in the very teeth of the central Government, shocked the moral sense of the authorities. We may now conclude that henceforth the Imperial Government wtill visit with severity, in its own functionaries as well as in the representatives of the people, the slightest violation of the laws of virtue and of decency. Vice and fraud among public characters will be put down when detected, aad the man who claims to be intrusted with public functions must previously show that he Is innocent of domestic irregularities, and that, both in public and private, his life is a model of all the virtues. Of this unexpected and violent fit of official moralityM. Migeon has become the first victim. He is tho scapegoat in whose vicarious torture the sins of many are atoned for, and he is held forth as a chastisement and a warning to all delinquents. The charges adduced by the Procureur Imperial against AL Migeon consist in his having, through the instrumentality of his friends and agents, obtained the votes of the electors by the cizculation of " calumnious reports and other fraudulent manceuvres;" of having promised his influence to others towards their obtaining certain employments under Government for the same ob~ject; of having threatened certain eubordinate functionaries with the loss of their pla es it they opposed him; of having s.ttempted to damage the fair reputation o` the higher functionaries in his circulars and addresses to the constituency; of having distributed the said circular wit;hout the uthorization of the superlor authorities, as required by the law; of having worn on certain occasions the decoration of the Legion of Honour and certain foreign orders without being entitled to do so; and of having used offensive language and gestures to a sergeant of Gendarmes and the Mayor of the village of Bermont for something in that functionary's conduct which displeased him. In addition to these grave charges, of which I give the substance, allegations are made against the defendant that he was a gambler on the Bourse, that he had (which I suppose is more heinous) lost a large sum in those speculations, that he had been disinherited by his mother, that he had separated from his wife, that he had been ignominiously excluded from the Petde Bourse, &c. To rebut all, or most of these charges, numerous witnesses were produced on the part of the defendant. Among these were clergymen, retired officers of the army, farmers, peasants, and even subordinate functionaries of the Government. The evidence on both aides is now under examination by the Court, who, as I have said, will pronounce their decision on Thursday. I refrain from offering any opinion as to theculpabiity or innocence of1lLMigeon, but, pcnding the deliberations of the judges, I may observe that these proceedings have painfully affected the public mind, not merely in the large towns but in the remote districts. By the warmest friends of Government this prosecution is considered as a great fault, inasmuch as it has attained an object which could not have been contemplated. The Government meant to prove the "electoral frauds" committed by the opponent of their candidate in the Haut-Ithin, and the authorities are clearly shown to have had recourse to the same manceuvres, the same coercion, as denounced by the law, with a view to secure the election of the Minist isal candidate at Colmar. If the election in question be the criterion of all the deDartmental elections unanimously favourable to the Government, thepublic may naturally doubt the real value of universal suffrage, from which the Inperial regime derives its origin. We may well be surprised at the want of tact on the part of the public functionaries in instituting a prosecution which they must have known was sure to iead to disclosures of so vcry damaging a character to themselves. The most ordinary intelligence mniust have anticipated the deplorable effect that would result, not only from the declarations of the witnesses for the defendant, but from those too which were extorted from the electors and functionaries summoned to depose against him. The Minister of Justice must have been well aware of the means employed by the Prefects and Sub-prefects against a candidate who was so recently the proteg6 of the Government, and with whose demerits it was long since familiar. It was, perhaps, imprudent to commence an attack when the Government was sure to receive more injury than it could inflict, and to employ a weapon which was likely to destroy the hand that wielded it. When it is remembered how earefully, and oftentimes how vexatiously, those who are charged with the censorship of the press prohibit the pub- lcaton or any fact -which would tend to lower the character of official people in public estimation, we are surprised at the publicity which has beea permitted to these scandalous proceedings. That publicity has directed attention to the manner in which elections are conducted in the rural and more distaut localities; and whether the unusual indulgence allowed to the press on the present occasion is the result of indifference or negligence, or the earnest of greater liberty in future, the lesson is useful, and will not, it is hoped, be lost. These " electoral frauds," shown to be comamitted by both parties, prove how hypocritical was the indignation which denounced the first elections in the Danubian Principalities, and the Kaimakan of Mioldavia, when he is again lectured on electoral morality, may point to those of the Hau t-Rhin, and the proceedings at Colmar. If all be true that is alleged against the candidate elected in opposition to the official nominee-that he g4mbled at the Bourse, and that he was an immoral ehvraoter-the Governxment was aware that these disqualifications for admission to the immaculate Cbamber, appropriately presided over by the Count de Morny, existed while M Migeon still enjoyed its favour; and the ooincidence of a prosecation with hi triumph at the ballot-urn justifies the suspicion as to the purity of its motives. M. Migeon, we are told, amassed a fortune by means of Bourse speculations and by the practioe of usury, &ad therefore waa unfitted to be a Deputy; but it Iis akedisn there no one among those in high place3 who has risen suddenly aud unaocountably from comparative indigence to the powesion, or at all events to thed lplay, of great weslth ? E any such there be, will tey be subjeed to the same exposure aa the unfortunatg deputy for the HautP.bin? or will the public bave still reason to say that MX Migeon, even supposing all that has been brought against him true, is merely the whipping boy on whose back far higher transgressors are 'vicariously scourged; and that the present severity of the guardians of public morals in this single instance Is with the view of turing public attention ,from others t The last accounts from Turin state that M. Benedetti, Chief of the PoliticalDepartiment at the French Foreign-office, has left that clty to continue his journey to Central Italy. M. Benedetti is charged with a confidential rleion to inquire into the present situation of Italy. A telegraphic despatch received by the French Governnent through Germany announces that the Prince de Joinville arrived on the 8th of October at SebastopoL M. Christopoulos, the Minister of Public Itruction at Athens, has addressed an interesting communication to the Paris Academy of Inscriptions and Belles Lettres on some curious antiquities which have lately been discovered in Greece. I am Informed that the Austrian Government has forwarded a complaint to the Porte against the Intrigues which it s said have been practised in the Rouman provinces of its empire by a certain member of the Liberal party who obtained a majority at the elections in Wallachia. The Marquis de Isle de Siry, French Minister to the Court of Lisbon, who has been some tlne in Paris on leave of absence has been commanded by the Emperor to return to hia post. He left Paris today, accompanied by the Duke de Belluno, Secretary to the Mission. He proceeds to Rochefort, where he will embark on board the steam corvette Coligny, placed at his disposal to convey him to PortugaL A letter from Brest of the 15th inst. Informs us that on the 9th a ship, supposed to be three-masted, and of 300 tons, foundered with all her crew at the south-west point of the island of Uishant. A planl%, on which the name " Symmetry" is Inscribed In gat characters, and a strip of the English flag, have been found on the shore, and leave no doubt as to the deplorable fact. Some broken pieces of raisinboxes, on which are written the name " Vincent Gaboila, Dlenia," part of a mizenmast, and a dead body have likewise been washed ashore. Twelve bills of lading, three charterparties, and 48 letters, which belonged to thhe English sloop Adventure, of 59 tons, Captain Crispin, were found on the coast near Conquet. According to these papers the vessel waa laden with Spanish wine. Accounts fromRochefort announce that the steam sloop Pregent sailed for the island of Bourbon on the 15th inst., on her way to reinforce the French fleet in the China Seas. The ateam frigates Imp6ratice Eugdnie and Impetueuse anchored in the port of the Jollette at Marseilles on the 15th inst., bringing the 54th and 68th Regiments of Infantry from Algiers. The Mo^miteu4r AlIgerie contains the following order of the day published by General Renault on the occasion of the departure ef these regimnents: ")ead-qu%rters, Algiers, Oct. 9. "The Emperor has decided that the 54th, 60th, and 68th Regiments of the Line shall return to France, together with the 18th battalion of Riflemen. The Governor. General ad inlterim cannot suffer these brave regiments to embark withou taking leave of them, and recording the services they have rendered. "The 54th diiguished itself during the campaign In the south of the province of Oran, in 1854, in December, 1855, and January, 1856; during the expeditions to the frontiers of Morocco In June and July, 1856, and In Great Xabylis in 1857; the 60th, at the siege and capture of IAghoust, in 1852, during the campaig of Kabylia in 185, during the expedition against the Beni-Ouagnenoun in 1855, during the campaign against tho tribes of the Valley of Boghni in 1856, and during the compalgn in Great Kabylia in 185T; the 68th, during the expedition against the Benl-Shasen of Morocoo in 1852, at Djebel-Frlma, and during the campaign of the Babors in 1853, in the Valey of Bogbni in 1856, and In the campaign In Great Kabylia in 1857; the 18th battaUon of Riflemen during the operations against the tribes of the Valley of Boglnl i 1856, and the campaign of Great Kabylla in 185't. "During a period of repose those regiments have given an example of ardour for labour by completing important works of oolonizatlon. Go, soldiers, and show yourselves the worthy representatives of that army which is about to continue that work for the accomplishment of whioh you have so gloriously laboured." A private letter from Trebizonde, of the 29th of September, informs us that the Commissioners appointed to define the boundary between Russia and Turkey In Asia have arrived at the following conclusion :-The celebrated lake of Balouk Gueul, situate in Armenia, to the south of Mount krarat, of wvhich the half was claimed by Russia, has been doelared to belong entirely to Turkey. The strategic road from Koudjak-Guetchit has been roetified near EBaysid, and a point has been fixed where the boundary between the two countries is to be established. A tract of land at Gouriel, of about eight leagues in circumference, claimed by both parties, has been divided, and the watercourse of Teholok has been declared as the limit between the two States. Every matter is now so clearly defined that any future dispute will be impossible. PRtISSTA. (FRoM OUR OWiN coRsroND-ENT.) BERLIN, OcT. 17, It has been my lot, within the last faw months, to report to you of two Kings, both distinguished among the most remarkable men of the present day for high mental qualites, having become disqualifled by bodily illness for the further conduct of public affairsviz., the King of Sweden and the King of Prussia. The former has been remarkable for extensive reading, enlightened wisdom, and strong clear sense in the practical solution of actual difficulties; the latter for brilliant intellect, cultivated taste, wide-seeing, high-soaring views, and fervent zeal for the spread of religion and peace. Both have been reduced from their high level of mental superiority, and must content themselves to resign for a time the exercise of that sovereign power which they considered the highest attribute conferred on them from above, and which they held it to be a divine right to wield. The illness of the King of Sweden showed itself first this spring, and, as far as has become known at this distance, consisted of little more than excessive debility; in June he proceeded to take the benefit of sea-bathing in S5ro, but returned from there without having derived the advantage desired. His physicians have officially declared their unanimous conviction that "liberation from all ment exertion in an indispensable condition of the King's regaining his lost health." And in answer to the question how long this state was likely to last, they have offlcially decared "the ng mustor at least a year, be exempted from the fatigues that the conduct of the government entails upon him, if he I to regain his healt"' In neither the case of the King of Sweden nor that of the Kng of Pussia is there any indication of insanity, but imply a giving way of the bodily strength, and, in consequence, a weakening, not an aberration, of the mental powers On September 11. the ombined Swedish and Norwegian Privy Council, under the guidance of the King, enacted that an interim Government, com- posed of an equal number of Swedes and Norwegians, should be immediately organized, and the members nominated and summoned. A proposition has been subsequently submitted by the King to the Estates of Sweden and Norway, that the Crown Prince of Sweden, who was at that time performing the functions of Viceroy of Norway, should assume the Regency of the united kingdoms; and this proposition was accepted and made law September 25. After transacting such business as was imperatively necessary in Stockholm, the Crown Prince Regent set off for Christiania, where he was to close the Storthing on the 15th of this month; and for the term of his absence from Sweden the powers of the Regent have been put into commission. In the meantime nothing further is heard officially of the progress of the King's reovery, and all that trans- pires is, that he is gradually, but very slowly gaining atrength from his present state of repose a tranquillity, The illness of the King of Pria is of too recent a date to admnit of any arrangementsl being as yet made in connexionl with the conduct of publio ment at albigarvda ~eiy l apprthensoso nutml n ae ti true, for the present removed; nor are there as yet any indications which necesarily imply that the King will for Any lengthened period_yar for more than a year-be unable to devote himself to business; but there are also just as few kdicatlons that he will recover rapidly enough to Mupersedo the necessity of some provisional form of government being instituted. The decision that has beea come to by MinisterB, in conformity with the straightforward and manly answer which the Prince of Prussia communicated to them on Saturday, in reply to their summons to amsunie the management of public busines in hi brother's narae, is, that H{is Majesty shall be advised formally to empower hix brother to administer the affairs of the kingdom until he is completely recovered; and, as I hear, the Queen has been in possedsion of the document to be signed by the Kian for that purpose since last Tuesday, with a view to her introducing the subject to him at the first favourable moment. The arrangement is of the most pressig urgency to the State5 inasmuch as in each minisier-unm or branch office of the Government the accumulated busines of thr.ee months lies piled up waiting for the Royal pleasure and sign-manual, a vast number of, Interests in the State at large are being prejudiced by the delay, and the Ministers are prevented from taking thetr measures of preparation for the next sesion of the Diet, which must be summuoned early in January. The King's state, however, does not 'as yet admit of so grave a subject being submitted to him; he in unaware how long or how seriously ill he has been ; his memory is only slowly returning to him, and he frets extremely at his inability to find the fitting expressions for the ideas that recur to him. The political dilemma is, that the King is not ill enough, or ha not been long enough ill1 to admit of the Regency being introduced de jure In virtue of the C.harter, and at the same time is not strong enough to have the subject of empower. Ing his brother to act in his place laid before him; and a further dilemma to be looked forward to s this, that as soon aa he is well enoughl to take this subject into consideration he may feel so convinced of his immediate and entire recovery as to refuse to adopt any such measure a- all. The medical dilemma is, that while the Zing's present tate of debility is so great as to render his reconvalescence painfully slow, the phy. sicians are deterred from giving him any tonics from the certainty of superinducing a renewed rush of blood to the brain, from which fatal results might be apprehended. The bulletin which wa published yesterday was as follows:- 4'The Kings stae of helth offered yesterday severa gratifying symptoms of gradually progressve improvement. His Majesty pased last night also in tranquil and refreshlig sleep. " Sans Soud, Oct. 16, 9 o'lock a" The real state of the case was, that though, doubtless, the august patient is gaining some strength from rest and quiet his state during that day approached closely to stupor; he can walk a little about the room with the help of a servant, and at times utters lucid remarks, but is incapable of a sustained conversation, from his, inability to recollect or to clothe his ideas in fitting expresslons, which to one formerly so remarkable for felicity of expression is doubly painful and highly irritating. In the night of the 7th to the 8th inat. the King lay for two hours motionless, senseless, and breathless, so that the Queen and the Dowager Duchess of MecklenburgSchwerin, his sister, who were sitting up with him, were almost driven to believe his spirit had actualy departed, the more so as the brightest light held before his eyes produced no effect upon them, while in life he is peculiarly and painfully affected by light. It was at this juncture that thePrince of Prussia wfas sent for in all haste, and he immediately summoned all the other members of the Royal family by telegraph. UJntil to-day the Prince of Pruseiabas, I behoeve, hardly left Sans Souci since he was that night called thither, but he has not as yet been admitted to speak with the King, in spite of all the improvement that we read of in the bulletins. The last document bearing thatname appeared this morning, and states :-"The course of His Majesy's illness during the last four-and-twenty hours was, considering <she ciroramstances, satisfactory." Now that your readers have learnt from me what " the circumstances" are, they will not permit the adjective "satidaotory" to mixlead them into too sanguine expectations. The Princess of Prussia w remain at Coblentz until some decision is come to with reference to the Prince's assuming the administatlon of public affairs; whenever that is the case he will, in all probability hoe and reside for a time 3n the Royal I C1F ere, where he will then be joined by the Princess. Prince Frderick William has been compelled by his unele@s illness to give up, for the pre3snt, his journey to England, where he had intended to spend his own birthday (the 18th inst.) Whether he will be able to be present at our Court to spend there the Princess Royal's birthday (Nov. 20) is also at present problematical. The Emperors of Aushia and. Ruskinform themselves daily by telegraphof the progres of the King's recovery; and the Pope desired the Prussian nister at Rome to express, by telegraph, his warmest wishes for His Majesty. The Emperor of R,Ussia has even sent General Count; Adlerberg from Warsaw to Potadam; and the Empress-Mother has also sent thither Prince Gagarin from St. Peterburg, for the purpose of their being kept repeatedly and correotly informed of the state of thelr uncle and brothers health. The Minister-President feels now at liberty to leave Potsdam for considerable portions of a day at a time, and almost daily Ministerial Councils are held here. AUSTRI. (]mom oun ow CoRnsWPoNDWzrr.) VIENNA, OcT. 16. In my letter of the 14th inst. mention was made of tha discovery of a plot to take the life or to over throw the Government of the Iospodar of Servia, and it is now in my power to give some details on the subject At noon, on the 9th inst., M. Damjanovitch, a senator, who was once Minister of the Interior, was arrested as he was returning from the senate-house in Belgrade to his own residence, an i at the same time M. Martzajlowitch, a very infla ential man in Belgrade, was seized by the police while taking refreshment In an inn. On the same day M Paul Jankovitch, who was formerly Minister of Finances, was arrested at Semendria and taken to the Servian capital, where he was immediately cast into prison. Many other persons of less note were also put under lock and key by the police. The Servian Government i said to have documentary evidence in hand that the persons who were arested on the 9th inst. had cognizance of a conspiracy, the object of which was the assaesination of the Hospodar. In the evening of the 8th inst. a fire broke out opposite the palace of the Prince and au attempt on his life would probably have been made if he had gone into the street to assist in extinguishin It.. Some 30 or 40 haystacks were con- I sued by iire in the evening of the following day. but no other property of value was destroyed Already on the 7th of October the Belgrade correspondent of the Ost Deutche Post wrote that thera were vague rumours in circulation of a plot having been formed against the Hospodar, and he also alluded to secret meetings "held by the lntelligenee of the principality" in the house of the Prefect o0 Semendria, who is known to be a most zealous partisan of the Russian Government. It is averred that Prince Daniel of Montenegro Is in intimate correspondence with the Sclavonic agitators in the Turkish provinces in Europe. and it is I probable that he knows as much of what is pasaing in Servia as the chief of the Belgrade police. For some time past the ruler over the Montenegrins has been intent on directing the attention of the Sclaves to the fact that the Hospodar of Servia is merely a vassal of the Porte while he is an independent Prince. The ambitioa. little potentate seems to wish to accustom the Sclavonic races i Turkey to look upon him as their natural leader, but Austria keeps a watchful eye o l his movements, and wvi not fail to call him to order if he should go beyond his tether. As soon as Mustapha Pasha of Scutari received the order of the Porte not to molest the inhabitants of Wasojevitz he withdrew his troops, and hardly had he turned his back when Mirko Petrovich, the President of the Montnegrin Senate, marched 50) men into the "N ahie" (district), and Incorporate I it with what is xnow called the Principality Berda.* The Consuls of Austria, France, and Enganc have prote-sted against the measure, but the Montenegr-in * The four "BErdas" are Bielopavici, Pperi4 Rovatsk Mlorataks, and Kut8ka. Prince appoars to care As attle for the one Power as for the other. The Montenegrin Senate has confiscated the property of the convents, and in future the "popes" will be paid by the State. The Archimiandrite of Ostrog was so perscuted that he fled to Dalmatia, and went from that Austrian province to Rusia. The Volksfreund learns from Cattaro that Prince Daniel has created three dukes during the last fortnight, and the writer expresses lii belief that his ighness has taken the Emperor 8ououque for his modeL Some of the organs of the French pres have recently stated that the opinion of the Austrian GoVernment in respect to the union of the Danubian Principalities has undergone a great change but reliable information has reached me that such s not the case. The Vienna Cabineti not likelyto object to a oomplete assimilation of the institutaons of the two principalities, but it will never agree to their plical union under the rule of a foreiga Prince. It is even related that this Government has recently, by means of a note, expresed its entire approval of the circular in which the Porte declared itS resolve not to permit the Divans ad hoec to meddle with the union question. Tho Catholic hierarchy havlng discovered that the ecclesiastical courit are very expensive propows to cover the outlay by imposmg a tax on persons who marry but neither the Cabinet nor the Council of the inmpire is likely to approve the scheme. Rome, as you are well aware, has many friends in the highest cireles, but I much doubt whetiler any of them would have the courage to propose to His Majesty to permit the clergy to impose and levy a new tax in his dommiuons. The priests will naturally have their fees and dues whenever they perform the marriage ceremony, but the State will take care that they do not make any unreasonable demands on the weckets of the lioges. Rome has the conscienees of the Austrians in her keeping, but fortunately their stong boxes are not at her disposal. Instructions are said to have been sent to the Vienna papers not to make any mention of Eugene Sue, of EenryEHeine, of the Protestants in Itria, a;ndof Prince Metternich'a work on Rungay; but the whole story must be a mystification, for the authorities who have to do with the press would never commit such a mistake as to place the productions of the pen of the ex-Chancellor of State on a level with those of Messrs. Sae and Heine. *L de Walewski, an Ultramontanist, residing at Cracow, has just published a work in which he seeks to prove that the present system of government-that of strict centralization-is not likely to conduce to the wellbeing and development of Austria. Not long since one of the superior employts in the General Bookkeeping and Central Office had an audience of the Emperor, and communicated to him certain facts which induced His Majesty to 1ssue orders that the department in question should be subjected to a striet examination. The whole affair is kept so very quiet that it has until now been impossible to obtain any reliaable information as to the result of the examination. Excesses have recently been committed by the peasanta at Dembica, in the district of Tarnow, in Galicia. The peasants who were "expropriated" by the authorities, it . rder that the Galician Railway might be constructed, fancy that they have suffered a great wrong, and endeavour to avenge themselves by setting fire to the property of those persons whom they believe to have injured tbem. Such an unusual number of fires occurred that the suspicions of the authorities were excited, and some peasants were arrested. The friends of these men assembled, and after having declared that the railroad workmen and their employer were the authors of the numerous fires, they proceeded to the house of the director of the works and endeavoured to force their way into it. As tbe authorities at Dembica were unable to persuade the excited peasats to return quietly to their homes, the asistance of the Gendarmerie was demanded by telegraph from Tarnow. A detachment of Gendarmes was inmnedately Eent, and peacoe and order were restored, but hardly without loss of life. No ditails of what occurred after the arrival of the armed force have yet reached this city. The concluding words of the sentence by means of which the Pope ratified the Concordat with NVurtemberg were-" We declare that everything which may be done by any one-whatever may be his rank or position-that is not in keeping with these stipulations shall be null and void. Therefore no human being is allowred to act contrary to these presents, which have received our approval, acceptatlon, confirmation, and ratification. But if any one should venture to do so, be it known unto him that he will incur the auger of God the Almighty, and of his holy; Apostles Peter and Paul." The text of the Wurtemberg Concordat has not been published by the i Papal Chair, and it must therefore, be supposed that it is infinitely less advantageous for Rome than tbat which His Holiness two yarar ago concluded with the Emperor Francis Joseph. On the 12th trains ran between Milan and Venice, but there was no official ceremony. Yesterday a part of the Junction Railroad was opened here, and the goods train from Trieste went directly up to the Custom-house. That part of the Junction Rairoad which is to connect theCustom-house withtheNorthem Railroad is not likely to be completed for some time to come. Odessa firms have offered to sell the Austrian ironfounders the English and French cannon balls which were collected at Sebastopol at a low price. The OesterreichMsche Zeitung whlch is in. direct connexion with the Finance l)epartment, states that no new railway shares will be issued until 1359. Although the "kite-flying" system is practi.ed here, there have been several failures among the manufacturers, The firm of Malanotti has failed. Its liabilities are 400,OOOfl. ; its asets above 350,000fl. Baron de Boarqueney will leave Vienna for Paris on the 20th, and will probably be absent for some weeks. On the 10th inst. died M. Joseph Ressel, the director of one of the departments of the Austrian Admiralty. AL Reesel, in the year 1827, took out a patent here " for the use of a screw instead of paddle-wheels in steamvessels." As M. Resel could not find any one who would purchase his patent, and he could not afford to pay the annual tax, he was obliged to renounce his claim to it. TURKEY. (FROM OURP OWN COERRSPONDFUNT.) CONSTANTINOPLE, OcT. 10. Turkey is again in her yearly, at least once recarring teething period,-the formation, namely, of a new Ministry, and it seems more painful and critical than usual; nothing but old stumps loose, or pressing each other too closely, and some rather hard nuts to crack for any new set. The Ministers themselves seem to have no confidence in their own future, and no one is willing to put himself forward in such a critical position for tear of ruining his political prospects, You see, therefore, just at this moment the curious phenomenon that among al place-greedy Turks no Grand Vizier is to be found. Old Mustapha has been placed and kept there for form's sake, and he would be the most convenient man for most of the Ministers, as they could do under his r7lle whatever they pleased. ut circumstances are such that: some ng better than a good-natured old gentleman; I is required at the head of the Government. Of the and Ash Pasha-the first sees that he is Impossible, at any rate now; the second has declared that he would on no account accept the post of Grand Vizier; and the third remembers too well his last Government to put himself in that ungrateful situation, where he had all the blame and no power. They are all three of them too clever to be ciphers, and to sacrifice real power for the bare name of it; and neither of them has authority and weight enough either in the country or over his colleagues to become a Grand Vizier in the full sense of the word. There was some chance of 1ibrisli Pasha being put forward as sign-post, but since his patron, Fethi Ahmed Pasha, is in disgrace, his chances have considerably diminished. But, more than anything else, it is the financial crisis which makes people cautious not to compromise themselves. As I said in my last, it is not the public Treasury which is in such a bad state, but the civil list. When Redaschid Pasha was still in power there were various projects to pay off the debts of the civil list and palace, and the estimate which was made out showed that they amounted to about 4,000,0001. sterling. Now, for the greatest part of these debts aninterestof from 15to 20 percent. must be paid; and, as nobody w.ould lend any snore money, the general revenues of the counltry had to supply more than they onght to haFve done, and aoe,800,0001. of debts; te are200001. Tenew issue of paper.money was uominally for these two departments, but they have only received-the War Departtnent about 40,00Z., and tho Marine little more than 15,0001.; and yet 75,000,000 piastre,, or about 5u0,000i., have been issued in paper according to the declaration of the Government, and it is atrongly suspected that more will be yet issued without any declaration at all. Qaery, what has become of tne rest of the money gone to relieve the pressing, wrants of the civil list, which has exhausted all other means to meet the daily growing wants of the palace. Nobody Will lend any more except against jewels and plate, and most of this has been already pawned, and nobody dares to oppose himself to the extravagance, which never was greater than at this present moment. Any new Ministry will have to grapple with this financial monster. It must be done, and every one feels this and loses courage. Rumour has been rife therefore, for the last few daysiof Redachid's and Ahmed Vefik Effendi's return to the Ministry, and there can be no doubt that it must end there; but nothing -would be more regrettable than if Redschid's return was too prceipitate. The suddenness of his return to power last time was one of the causes vhich weakened his position. He took the reins of Government without having obtained guarantees from the Sultan which would have freed and strengthened his hands, and without which he can do just as little as the rest. His advantage is just that, if anybody, he can obtain these guarantees from the Sultan, with wrhom he is nowr more in favour than ever, and then his prestige is such that he can keep unruly politial sm.31t£on3 in check, and that he will always be master in the Ministry in which he sits. One of the most efftcient instruments to check the power of absolute Sovereigns has always been thelr stress of money,which seems their chronic complaint. Wby should the population of Turkey, which will bave ultimately to pay the debts of the Court, not derive some benefit likewise by their means 7 The pledge of the Sultan to be satisfied heneeforth with his splendid civil list, making about ans-eighth of the present revenue-a pledge that the number of functionaries will not be doubled by the nomination of palace favourites to rich sinecures created for them-these would be advantages which would not be too dearly purchased by paying the 4,000,0001. or 5,000,000Q. sterling to which the palace debts amount. Turkey at the present moment has little or no chance of obtaining this or any other sum by direct negotiations in Europe; she must again, as soon as a new Ministry is formed, begin negotiations for a bank to help her out. The repeated failures in this respect have had one good effect, and that is to sober down pretensions. The Turks begin to see that without European help they cannot get out of the maze, and that they must come dovwn with their terms if they really do wish to deal with serious people. They must make sacrifices and pay for the financial disorder which they have let go on for years and years. But no sacnifice can be too great to get out of the present disorder, which is like a clog on the start which material progress would takejust now ; for in vain do the revenues increase, they are absorbed like water in a desert of sad. For instance, this year the revenues have increased by almost 800,0001. sterling, which is no small sU1m, considering the whole revenue last year was only 7,500,0001. The more that comes in the more is squandered away and turned from its destination. A Government, even if purchased at a high price, by having the payments in its hands and by publishing its transactions would be the best and, I think, indeed the only check which could be found against all malpractices. Every one in England must be anxious about the Indian telegraph; some information about the projected land line to Bussora will therefore be welcome to your readers, although it may prove that the Government at bome is not quite so anxious as they. I need not refer to that part of the transaction which passed in England about a telegraph line from Seleucia to Bussora It was a scheme saugested by the Euphrates Valley Railway, and the Mediterranean line in connexion with it was to have been carried out by an Austrian company. The Goverment having promised the jubsidy the Turkish concession was to be obtained, and 1Y Zohrab,' late Turkish Consul-General in London, and Mr. Staniforth were intrusted by the company with the negotiations. Pedschid Pasha, who was then still Grand Vizier, took up the scheme, and all the preliminary steps which are required to bring the matter before'the Tanzim-atthe Council charged with theinquiryinto all these Idnd of project,-were soon made. But just on account of this support on Redschid's side the project was ratber hostilely viewed by this Council, whose President waa then, as he is now, at deadly feud with the late Grand Vizier. The objection then raised was that the Turkish Government could not guarantee the protection of the line from Seleucia to Bussora through the Desert. In vain did the negotiators for the company maintain that they did not require any such protection from the Government. The Tanzimat Council firmly maintained its opinion that it would be dangerous to give such a concession, for if anything occurred, whether pledged or not pledged to the protection of the line, the company might always come down on the Turkish Government for damages. The project was not accepted, Redschid was determined, however, to have the project carried, and he would have brought it before the Ministry in spite of its rejection by the Tanzimat had not the recent complication intervened and prevented his doing so. He resigned his post of Grand Vizier, and went as President to the Council of the Tanzimat. The negotiators for the telegrapheompany, encouraged bythis, brought their project again before this Council, and were this time successful in obtaining the sanction and recommendation of the Tanzimat. The next step was to bring it before the Couneil of Ministers, which was done by Redschid, as President of the Tanzimat. It found very little support, but iu the beginning, likewise, no opposition, till at last Fuad Pasha took the matter up and declared himself directly against the scheme. He maintained that it was against the principle on which telegraphs have been hitherto established in Turkey; that it had been from the beginning the wish of the Government to take all telegraphs in the country into its own hands, and not to make it an affair of private undertaking; he was therefore against the scheme for this reason; and he ended with the proposition that the Government itself ought to establish a line of telegraph from Scutari through Asia Minor, down to Bagdad and Bussora, employing the engineers, buying the materialof the company, andcoming to an understanding with the British Government about the transmission of their messages to Bussora, and the connexion of the line from there to Kurrachee. The proposition was too reasonable not to be accepted by the Council of Ministers, and they all agreed in it. The new projected lint, from Constantinople right across country removei the great difficulty of passing the desert shores of the Euphrates, exposed to the Arabs, which is in the present state of thin.s there a fatal obstacle to any line across from Seleucia. It would spare the British Government and the Eajst India Oompany the yearly subsidy of 12,0001., and the line caunreckon on more security if the Government is interested in it than If it was in the hands of a private company, which would have to act through the petty local authorities in the far out of the way districts. The proposition was telegraphed home, and obtained the consent of the Government, and the negotiations about the details began again at the Tanilmat, whose President Fuad now is. It is but justice to say that he bebaved in the most liberal way. There was to be one wire exclusively for English Government messages, worked by Englishmen, and the whole line was to be construoted by them. A separate convention with the British Government was to regulate the tariff and other details, and things had proceeded so far that the negotiators were empowered Ito telegraph to their employers that everything was arranged as regards the construction of the line, when a couple of days ago the British Government sent a message to the effect that it could have nothing to do wth a line from Constantinople direct overland to Bussora. This is very much to be regretted. It is suspected that the reason of this refusal is a convention concluded with some Austrian company for laying the cable across the Mediterranean. Whatever thereason is, it will throw back the chances of a telegraph to India. The Turks want to have the telegraphs in their own hand. Right or wrong, they will not easily give in. They know the absurdity of a SeleuciaBussora line, and proposed therefore another through Asia'Minor, and then direct down the Tigris, where it can be protected, and the Government at home refuse to treat, although it would cost them nothing. It this line is not accepted, there wil a difficulty to get another, for the Turks will not easily give permission. to laud the cable in Alexandria or any other place in Egypt; or, ait any rate. it will be some time before they can be made to consent to any other line. If the British did not with to have a telegraph line soon to India this would be the way to succeed. ITALY. A letter from Rome of the 12th inst. announcss that Cardinal Francisco do Medici was struck with apoplexy fte preceding eveninlg while paying a visit to goDviguor Giuseppe Stolla, private camerist of His Holinesa. Notwithstanding medical aid was speedily afforded him, he died at 8 in the evening, hxving previously received the last' sacrament. The Cardinal was born at Naples the 28th Novemnber, 1808, and received the purple the 16th June, 1856. Accounts from Genoa of the 16th inst. inform us that the Sardinian Minister of the Interior has revoked the order of banishment issued against the refugees, Dr. Saehi, Profesor Calino, and the Advocate Cabuga.
THB STATE OF CALIFORNIA. (FROM OUR OWN COMMPoWDXNWr- SAN FRANCSCO, I33rT. 4. The State elections were held on the 2d inst. The candidates repreaented the party organizations of Democrats, Republicans, and America. There in no doubt the Democrats have carried the State. and that they wMi have a large majority in botn branches of the next Legialature. Ir. Weller is the Governor elect. He has for several yeanbeen one of the Senators for CaliforniaatWashington. TheAinerican (or Know-nothing) candidate for Governor wAs well supported, having run far ahead of his opponent of the Republican colour; but the Democratic vote nearly equaled the other two, showing pretty clearly the complexion of the StaWs politics. in fact, California hag always been Democratic. In San Francisco, on the other hand, in the election for city officers the people's party, which sympathizes with the Viglance Committee, has beaten the Democrats. The eleotion pased off very quietly, the villanies of former elections having been kept 'down by a large attendance of the repectable voters, who for once took a personal interest in the proc eeviings. The question to be decided by this election which excis the greatest interest abroad is that of payment or repudiation of the public debt of California. The electors in fsvour of payment were to vote "Pay the debt," and those against payment, "Repudiate the debt." Ax soon after the election as news was received from the interior the impression becane general that the vote for payment was in the ascendant, and a great many are still very confident that such is the case. Some of to-day's newspapers say, "There is undoubtedly a majority in favour of paying the State debt." In fact, busines arrangements have been predicated upon this result for some time back, and all the outstanding bonds, &c., have beea bought up on speculation in anticipation of itfor parties in Washington chiefly. It s proper for me to state, however, distinctly that the result is not yet known, and cannot be known until all the election returns come inh which will not be for eight or 10 days. All calculations upon the matter are speculative. As public feeling will have it that the debt has been ratified by the people, and in the earnest hopea that it i po, but guarding myself against any eh - prelssion of opinion, I may as well give a summaryr of the Act providing for the furding of the debt in the near form now. insa efrigittl h next mall leavesj edo eern ttl h Ner bods reto be issued payable in 20 years, to bear 7 per cent, per annum interest, payable halfyearly on the 1st of January and the 1st of July in California-not in New York as formerly. The first payment of interest to be on the lst of January, 1859, when it is understood to be the intention to pay a whole year's interest, although the law does not exprem this fact. The claims now outstanding against the State which are to be funded are:- " L Civil bonds, issued under the Fundlng Acts of 1851, 1852, I53, 1855, and 1856, with the interest due thereon added. (This aBplies to the CaliforDian Bonds now floating tl1 over a wo V2d) *- 2. Controer's wArrantb drawn for cvil expenses prior to the lst of January, 1857, and now outstanding, excluding eerLain of those evidences of indebtedness which were re- auired to becanoelled by an Act of the Legislature of the sOth of January, 1856; and also some others, which wree declared ilegal by the courts of law. "3. Just or legal claIms against the State accrued crior to the lst of January, 1857, and which may be allowed and audited by Act of the legislature. " All persons having any of the claims (as above) against the State of California entitled to be funded shall, upon 'the presenttion of the same to the Treasurer of State, receIve in exchange therefor a bond or bonds of the State of California. "Such claims mzay be received for funding, and bonds therefor may be ILssued prior to the Ist of January, 1859, but not afterwards; and all clanms not presented for funding prior to that time are excluded from the provisions of this Act, sec. 6 and 12." The provision to be made for the payment of the debt and interest to grow due thereon being the most important portion of the law, I quote in extenso: "Seo. 6. For the payment within 20 years of the prin. cipal and interest of the bonds i3sued under this Act there shall be levied annually, until the bonds are paid, and promptly collected In the same manner rs 3s or may be pro. vided by law for ordinary State taxes, a tax of 30c. on each $100 of the assessed value of real and penonal property in the Sthte, and the fund derived from this tax ahail be set spart and applied exclusively to the payment of the interest on the bonds herein provided and the final redemption of the prlncipal of the bonds, and the faith of the State of California is hereby pledged for the payment as herein provided of the bonds issued by virtue of this Act, and the interest thereon ; and all moneys that may be received by the State of California from the United States Gooernent on account of the civil fund. so called, are hereby irrevo. cably pledged to the payment of the principal and interest on the bonds issued under this Act. A wilful refusal or ns glect by supervisors or any other officer to levy or collect she tax imposed by this Act shall be a misdemeanour, and the person or persons convicted thereof shall be removed from offce and punsed by a fine not exceeding $1,000, or by Imprisonment in the county gaol not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and imprisonment." Theexcess of the above tax over and above the amount of the annual interest is to be converted into a sinking fund for the gradual redemption of the debt, and should the " Interest Fiud" prove la any year insufficient to pay the coupons the deficiency is to be made up " out of the General Fuad of the State." Many of your renders will, perhaps, expect some opinion upon the validity of the law which has just been pased by the people, supposin it to have been ratified. If so, 1 am Isorry toube under the necessity of disappointing them. All that I can undertake to do s to state the case with precision. It is already generally known that the former Funding Act was declared void by the Supreme Court of this State, on the ground that the debt of the State exceeded the limit of Indebtedness fixed by the constitution. The Judges, in their decision to the above effect, expressad an opinion,- " That the indebtedness of the Slate could be legalized by the Legislature adopting the present indebtedness, and submitting th, some, In conformity with the 8th article of the constitution, to the peo0ple for ratification." in compliance with this opinion, and in the spirit of that article of the constitution, as construed by a majority of its memnbers, the Legislature acted It passed the Funding Act, of which I have above given a summary, nd if the people have now ratified this Act at the eleotion held two days ago by " a majority of all the votes cast," they have by such " majority of votes" assumed the debt; or, in other words, they have declared it valid. *Whether these proceedings are, in strict legal interpretation, within the terms of the 8th article of the constitution and in accordance with the spirit of the whole of that instrument and with the Intentions of ita framers I cannot undertake to say. I will merely add that a general conviction prevails that the debt is now placed upon a legal bais. The question whether or not a convention ahould be called for the purpose of amending the present constitution of the State was also submitted to the people, and the opinion generally entertained is that they have negatived the proposition. Powerful influences were brought to bear to defeat tho calling of a convention by the friends of persons now in office, under the fear that some of the present offices would be abolished, and that the presenb Supreme Court would be destroyed, and a new one, with five instead of three Judges, ebtablished- a question which was mooted with some asperity; for the preseat Supreme Bench is unpopular to a degree, whioh fis a great scandal to a free country. On the 25th of Augnst Columbia, the largest mining town in the southern mining region, was burnt down. Five men were killed by an explosion of gunpowder, and the loIs was $600,000. With true Clifornian spirit the town is being rebnllt far more substantially than it was before. The only paper left ucoruDIed in thae place pays, ITh unmia
.OMAN CGATEOLIC CHAPLA [NS IN THB BAST. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In an article which appeared in your columns a short time since you censured severely Cardinal Wisemaa for having proposed that the siums contributed by Roman Catholics to the Indian 3Relief Fund should, in the first instance, be appropriated to the outfits of the Catholic chaplains about to proceed to the scene of bloodshed in the East. From inquiries which I have made, I am inclined to think that you have dealt hardly with the Cardinal in this matter, and that the suggestion which he made was a good one. In the Crimea it was computed that about half the British arimy was composed of Catholics, who, as soldiers, have ever done their duty as loyally and gallantly as their Protestant comrades. The Roman Catholic creed considers the presence of the minister of religion by the sidea of the dying, whether in the hospital or on the battlefield, even more essential than the Protestant creed does. This feeling, which is shared in as anxiously by the priest as by the penitent, increases immeasurably the labour and the dangers of the military chaplains of that persuaMaon. As long as the war with Russia lasted there were no men present with the allied armies who lived or worked harder, or who exposed themselves more readily and constantly to death in the faithful discharge of their duty, than did our Catholic chaplains, and this with no hope of reward or distinction on this side of the grave. Their pay scarcely sufficed to supply them with the necessaries of life, nor were they considered worthy of pensions in case of broken health or distinguished service. Many of them, we know, died at their posts unnoticed aud unhonoured-as far as public notice and honours were concerned-and are now forgotten. Were I not unwilling to make my letter too long I would detail to you how one young man in comparatively easy circumstances at home threw up his chaplaincy, devoted his small means to his own outfit and to that of a brother priest, poorer but not less zealous, bound on the sa.ne mission of mercy and danger as himself; and how, repairing to the scene of disease and blood, he sank, after doing good service and winning the esteem and admiration of all who knew him, a victim to the terrible winter of 1854-5. I would tell you of a prelate of the same church, a man who enjoys, and deservedly enjoys. the confidence and respect of religionists of all classes in this country, who out of his small, his very small means-for the means of Catholic are not as the means of Protestant prelates -devoted throughout the war considerable sums to the same object. But I think it will be more practical to point out to you the reason why the arrangement suggested by the Cardinal, and animadverted on by you, becomes almost a matter of necessity at the present moment, if the Roman Catholic soldiers of our army in India are to enjoy the consolations of religion at all. The Roman Catholic priests in England are generally poor men, without private resources of their own. Their church has no rich benefices to offer them in return for cruel sacrifices freely made or hard duties manfully discharged in her honour, It is, therefore, but fair to assume that the clergymen 'who are now volunteering to do chaplains' duty in our army are actuated by none but the purest and highest motives. In a worldly point of view they can have nothing to gain. Probably, few will survive to return to this country. But it is requisite, in order to enable them even to exist in Indis, that they should be provided with a certain outfit; luxuries they do not ask for, but a small outfit is necessary. In addition to this, the *vestments and all the furniture indispensable for the decent celebration of mass call for a further outlay. 50l. is about the minimum which would suffice for the two purposes, and those persons who recollect what the outfit of a cadet or an ensign costs will not be indisposed to admit that 1001. would not be too much. Now, as far as I can learn, neither Her Majesty's Government nor the East India Directors assist the Roman Catholic chaplains in any way as to their outfit, and when they arrive in India their pay amounts, I am assured on the very best authority, to very little nore than ludf of the pay assigned to our Protestant c7hplai?ns. If this be so, I think you will admit that the arrangement suggested by the Cardinal was perhaps the best and most reasonable arrangement that could be suggested to meet the difficulties of the present emergency. It is always disagreeable to a public writer to be convicted of having made an erroneous statement; but on the present occasion it will give me sincere pleasure to learn that I amn altogether mistaken, that the Roman Catholic chaplains attached to our army in India each receive on appointment 1001. to defray the expenses of their outfit, and on landing in the East the same pay and allowances as their Protestant fellow-labourers in the same stony vin2yards. I am, Sir. vour obedient sArvsnt J. b.
'InE 61:UrESE A2LBASSADOR.-The Ambsssadors about visiting England aro said to be-first and second from the first King of Siam, and the third from the second King of Siam-there being two kings, the first sending two ambassadors, the second one. The second Ambassador is the adopted son of the King; the first is the brother of the nrime Minister. Another younger brother and son are in the suite, coming here to be educated. They are Bhuddists, and consequently do not eat beef or mutton, or use milk, cheese, butter, or anything produced from buls or cows. Rog's lard is the only fat allowed to be used in cooking. For the information, however, of those who may wish to invite them in England to parties we may state that they eat freely of game, poultry, pork, and curry of the very hottest at every meal. They drink moderately of brandy,wine, champagne, and pale ale. They are very fond of tea, which they drink at every meal, and all day long, without milk. They eat no pastry or sveets. Eight of the principal members of the embassy dine together; the other-, excepting servants. have a separate table, and pay great respect and homage whenever they address one of the superior eight. They are very cleanly, and,all make a point of bathing every day. Their teeth are black from the use of the betel-nut. They havo all sorts of Europeaz articles for ordinary purposes. Theyhave splendid presents on board for Her Majesty, among them two crowns and a .lady's saddle, enriched with diamonds, rubies, and other precious stones, spears with gold heads, &o. They have also W,0(01. in dollars on board, besides bars of gold; so they are tolerably well provided. Their dress is very splendid-a rich tunio with a belt of gold clasped in front vibb a buckle ornamented with diamonds and rubies ; loose tronsers, and small riohly-ornamented skull-cap, with a spire running from the top. Their faces are perfectly Chinese, and they look amazingly like the nodding figures in the large tea-;hops in England. A number have changed their gay oriental dress for slop-made palet6ts and Jlmnrouw hats. The change is not an improvement." DLSc-EvAY or MINES IN SouTH AumTRALu.-A letter fr :a Adelaide says :-O A fine extensive country, well watered, and with three splendid nines, two of them equal to the Bur Burra, has been discovered in the north, 5O,0001. haa been offered for one, and refused, These mines Are not Xar fro For Augusa,"
LBTTB1?S FROM HrGH LATIT UDBS.* It is not often that we find as much difficulty in laying down a book of travels as if it were a romance, but this has been the case with thisvolume. The traveller here was judicious in the choice of a strange and perilous route,-a refreshing contrast to the monotonous fair-weather voyages of ordinary yachtsmen,-happy in his companions, his weather, and hiis incidents, fortunate in reaching his bourne, and still more fortunate in returning-above all, the right man on the right track; full of fun and frolic, and with a very striking capacity for exhibiting the high talents and taste he inherited. Under these conditions, and with the accessories of choice typography and of illustrations, many of which are quite fascinating from their spirit and significance, a volume has been produced which is a luxury to the reader, and which affords him an opportunity of enjoyment almost unrestricted. The magical palace of Aladdin wanted the Roc's egg to make it perfect, and so this book, beautifal and complete as it appears, by a singular omission is destitute of an engraving of the tutelary genius so often referred to in its pages. We have some graceful verses to the "Figure Elead of the Foam," which was executed in bronze by Marochetti, and which we are assured was a "Calm soulptured image of as sweet a face, "As ever lighted up an English home, " but no vignette is found to satisfy our curiosity or to vindicate the consistency of the writer, whose gallantry should have retained an image of his fair "harbinger" to grace the record of the perils through which she preceded him. For our own parts,we object to have our curiosity raised and thus disappointed, but, having marked the inexplicable omission, we proceed with the adventurer's story. A gentleman of Iceland, and other amusing companions and attendants, duly scheduled in a Drama.tis Personce, accompanied him on his voyage. But his starting was delayed by the untimely illness of his captain, and by the difficulty similarly exDerienced by the King of Scotland in the ballad of "Sir Patrick Spens :"- " Oh, whar vwill I get a skeely sldpper. " To sail this gude ship of mine? " After some delay, howvever, a very competent substitute turned up, and, starting from Stornoway in the Hebrides in Jtne, 1856, in 10 or 12 days the writer, Lord Dufferin, *as dating a letter from Reykjavik, having landed in Iceland. The little ship had behaved beautifully on the top of the Atlantic rollers, or "Spanish waves," as they are called, and- "Few peoplo can have any notion of the coziness of a yacht's cabin under such circumstances. After having remained for several hours on deck, in the presence of the eempest,-peering through the darkness at those black liquid walls of water, mounting above you in ceaseless agitation, or tumbling over in cataracts of gleaming foam,n-the wind roaring through the rigging,-timbers creaking as if the ship would break its heart,-the spray and rain beating in your face, -everything around in tumult,-suddenly to descend into the quiet of a snug, well-lighted, little cabin, with the firelight dancing on the white rosebud chintz, the well-furnighed bookshelves, and all the innumerable knickknacks that decorate its walls,-little Edith's portrait looking so serene,-everything about you as bright and as fresh as a lady's boudoir in May-fair,-the certainty of being a good 300 miles from any troublesome shore, all combine to mspire a feeling of comfort and security difficult to describe." A great fund of amusement was furnished to the voyagers by the writer's servant, one Wilson, who regarded life genera}ly and this passage of it in particular as an opportunity for exhibiting his sanguine despondency. Wilson was never seen by the writer to smile but once, and that was when he came to report that a sea had nearly swept his colleague the steward overboard. He professed such a limited belief in his own star that success with him was itself a disappointment; and his consolations for his companions when afflicted with sea-sickness, and which are recorded in the form of a dialogue, were full of sinister presentiments. Next to the melancholy Wilson, of whose features we have a characteristic portrait, the most notable subject was a melancholy cock which had been shipped at Stornoway, and became gradually bewildered on the subject of that meteorological phenomenon called the dawn of day. "In fact," says the writer, with the observant humour which is one of his characteristics, "I doubt whether he ever slept for more than five minutes at a stretch without waking up in a state of nervous agitation lest it should be cockcrow. At last, when night ceased altogether, his constitution could no longer stand the shock. He crowed once or twice sarcastically, then went melancholy mad; finally taking a calenture he cackled lowly (probably of green fields), and leaping overboard drowned himself." It is further suggested that, simultaneously with his perplexities as a natural philosopher and chronicler of sunrise, he was wvounded in his affections by the mysterious manner in which every day a fresh member of his harem used to disappear for the sustenance of the voyagers. Thus, with the help of Wilson and the cock, the writer reached Iceland in good spirits, where he found the scenery like that on the west coast of Scotland, only bolder and more tourmente, the atmosphere clearer, and the local colours more intense. In fact, on this latter feature Lord Duifferin is at pains to express himself writh sufficient emphasis, that we may have a clear reflection of his own impression. Reykjavik consists of a collection of wooden sheds (such are its houses), which are built along the lava beach and flanked at either end by a suburb of turf huts. On every side of it extends a desolate plain of lava: the pier is constructed out of huge boulders of lava, the seasand is pounded lava, the mud on the roads is lava paste, the foundations of the houses are lava blocks, and in dry weather you are blinded with lava dirt. The most available means of communicating with its learned inhabitants, who are cordial and hospitable, was found to be Latin, which may suggest an opportunity to some of our Fellows of Colleges for cultivating hereafter that now neglected language. The looks and costume, manners and castoms, of the indigenes were noted with a pleasant interest which was generally mixed with admiration, and observations on their history and antiquities are of course combined with extracts from the chronicles with which scholars are familiar. As might be expected in so icy a region, hospitality has a potent alcoholic quality which it required all the writer's traditional prowess to encounter. How he fared towards the conclusion of an Icelandic dinner shall be told in hi own amusing reports: - "After this began the public toasts. "Although up to this timae I had kept a certain portion of my wits about me, the subsequent hours of the entertain. ment became thenceforth enveloped in a dreamy mystery. I can perfectly recall the look of the sheaf of glasses that stood before me, six in number; I could draw the pattern of each; I remember feeling a lazy wonder they should always be full, though I did nothing but empty them, and at last solved the phenomenon by concluding I had become a kind of Danaid, whose panishment, not whose sentence, had been reversed; then suddenly I felt as if I were disembodied,a distant spectator of my own performances, and of the feast at which niy person remained seated. The voices of my host, of the rector, of the Chief Justice became thin and low, as though they reached me through a whisDering tube ; and when I rose to speak, it was as to an audience in another sphere, and in a language of another state of being; yet, however unintelligible to myself, I must have been m some sort nuderstood, for at the end of each sentence cheers, faint as the roar of waters on a far-off strand, floated towards me; and if I am to believe a report of the proceed- mngs suhsequtently shown us, I must have become polygiot ia my CUps. According to that report it seems the Governorthrew off (I wonder he did not do something else) with the Queen's health in French, to which I responded in the same language. Then the rector, In English, proposed my health-underthe circumstances a cruelmockery, -but to which, ill as I was, I responded very galantly by drilnkng to the beaux yentx of the counteEs. Then somebody else drank success to Great Britain, and I see it was followed by really a very learned discourse by Lord D. in honour of the ancient Icelanders, during which he alluded to their discovery of America, and Columbus's visit. Then came a couple of speeches in Icelandic, after vhich the Bishop, in a magnificent Latin oration of some 20 minutes, a second time proposed my health; to which, utterly at my wits' end, I had the audacity to reply in the same language. As it is ft so great an effort of oratory should not perish, I send you some of its choicest specimens:- "'Y Viri illustres,' I began, ' insolitus nt sum at publicum loquendum, ego propero respondere ad complimentum quod recte reverendus prelaticus inihi fecit in proponendo meam salutem; et supplico vos credere quod multum gratificatus et flattificatus sum honore tam distincto. " I Bibere, viri illustres, res est, qume in omnibus terris, 'domum venit adhominum negotia et peotora;' requirit "haustum longum, haustum fortem, et haustum omneas simal :' ut canit Poeta, 'Ianure tactum Naturee totum orbem facit consangnineum,' et hominis Natura est bibere. " ' Vir illustres, alterurm est sentimentun equaliter universale: terra communis super quam septentrionales et meridionales eddem enthusiasamf convenire possutnt; est necesse quod id nomlnarem ? A d pulchrum sexum devotio! ''Amor regit palatium, castra, lucum. Dubito sub uo capite vestram lucundar oivitatem numerare debeam. rdlatium? non Regem I Castra7 non milites i lucum ? non ullam arborem habetis ! Tasen Cupido vos dominat L Leters from High Latitudes; being some Account o! a Voyage in the Schooner-yacht Foam to Iceland, J'a^ Mayen, and Spitzbergen in 1856, By Lord Dufferin. Mur. ray, 1857, baudc aliter quam allos,-et virginum Islandarum pulchri. tudoper omnes regionea cognita ea. "'Bsibamus salatem earmn, et confusionem ad omnes bacularios, speramus quod em, casr at benediotme creature, invenient tot maritos quot velint,-quod geminos quottanis babeant, et qaod earum filiw, maternum exemplum seqnentes, gentem Islandicam perpetuent in tecula saoalorum.' "The last words meohanicaUy rolled out, in the same ore rotundo' with which the poor old Dean of Christchurch used to finish his Gloria, &c., rn the Cathedral. "Then followed more speeohes,-a great chinking of glasses,-a Babel cf conversation,-a kind of dance round the table, where wo successively gave each alternate hand, as in the last figure oi the Lacers,-a hearty embrace from the Governor, -and finally-silence, daylight, and fresh air as we stumbled forth into the street." From Reykjavik Lord Dufferin and company visited Thingvalla and the Geysers, for which purpose they had to invest in a drove of ponies and make elaborate preparations. Jollity was of the party, made as usual more jolly by the doleful forebodings of Wilson; and sO aided they reached the two parallel Gjas or chasms which are the lateral boundaries of the plain of Thningvafla, a sunken or subsided district full of iissures and emerald depths of water, and containing that very remarkable spot where, at a period when feudal despotism was the only Government known in Europe, free Parliaments used to sit and regulate the affairs of the Icelandic republic. The character of this spot is clearly indicated by some interesting drawings, and its geological formation is speculated upon with much ingenuity. But this iS only one of the natural curiosities which doubtless exist in t!is wonderful island, over a great part of which, consisting of the area occupied by the Skapta Jokul and its mountain-cradled fields of snow and icy ridges, human foot has scarcely ever wvandered. }From the bosom of this desert district descended the most frightful visitation ever known to have desolated the island, and it may give a good idea of the scale of nature's operations in this strange land to cite Lord Dufferin's vigorous description of the occurrence:- " This event occurred in the year 1783. The preceding winter and spring had been unusually mUd. Towards the end of May a light bineish fog began to float along the confines of the untrodden tracts of Skapta, accompanied in the beginning of June by a great trembling of the earth. On the 8th of that month immense pillars of smoke collected over the hill country towards the north, and coming down against the wind in a southerly dirention, enveloped the whole district of Sida in darkness. A whirlwind of ashes then swept over the face of the country, and on the 10th innumerable fire sprouts were seen leaping and flaring amid the icy hollows of the mountain, while the river Skapta, one of the largest in the island, having first rolled down to the plain a vast volume of fetid waters mixed with sand, suddenly disappeared. '-Two days afterwards a stream of lava, issuing from sources to which no one has ever been able to penetrate, came sliding down the bed of the dried-up river, and in a little time-though the channel was 600 feet deep and 2t0 broad,-the glowing dellige overflowed its banks, crossed the low country of MIedalland, ripping the turf up before it like a tablecloth, and poured into a great lake, whose affrighted waters flew hissing and screaming into the air at the approach of the fiery intruder. Within a few more days the basin of the lake itself was completely filed, and having separated into two streams, the unexhausted torrent again recommenced its march, in one direction overflowing some ancient lava fields, in the other re-entering the channel of the Skapta, and leaping down the lofty cataract of Stapafoss. But this was not all; whUe one lava flood had chosen the Skapta for Its bed, another, descending in a diferent direction, was working like ruin within and on either side the banks of the Hverfisfliot, rushing into the plain, by all accounts, with even greater fury and velocity. Whether the two issued from the same crater It is impossible to say, as the sources of both were far away within the heart of the unapproachable desert, and even the extent of the lava flow can only be measured from tile spot where .t entered the inbabited districts. The stream which flowed down Skapta is calculated to be about 50 miles in length by 12 or 15 at its greatest breadth; that which rolled down the Hverfisfliot, at 40 miles in length by seven In breadth. Where it was imprisoned between the high banks of Skapta the lava is 500 or 600 feet thick, but as soon as it spread out into the plain its depth never exceeded 100 feet. The eruption of sand, ashes, pumice, and lava continued tiU the end of August, when the Plutonic drama concluded with a violent earthquake. ,"hFor a whole year a canopy of cinder-laden cloud hung over the island. Sand and ashes irretrievably overwhelmed thousands of acres of fertile pasturage. The Faroe Islands, the Shetlands, and the Orkneys, were deluged with volcanic dust, which perceptibly contaminated even the pure skies of England and Hlolland. Mephitic vapours tainted the atmosphere of the entire island; even the grass which no cinder rain had stifled completely withered up ;-the fish perished in the poisoned sea. A murrain broke out among the cattle, and a disease resembling scurvy attacked the inhabitants themselves. Stephen3on has calculated that 9,000 men, 28,000 horses, 11,000 cattle and 190,000 sheep died from the effects of thisone eruption. The most moderate calculation puts the number of human deaths at upwards of 1,300, and of cattle, &c., at about 16':,000." Of course Lord Dufferin and party did not neglect the Geysers, in which vicinity they were when at Thingvalla. In fact, they spent some days at the spot, in order to witness an ebullition of the principal Geyser, which ia a very irregular performer. On one occasion, irritated by a false alarm, they detern^.ined to revenge themselves by going and tormenting the Strokr. What the Strokr is, Lord Duifferin shall tell us in an admirable bit of descriptive writing: "Strokr (or "the churn") you must know is an unfortunate Geysir, with so little command over his temper and his stomach that you can get a risc out of him whenever you like. All that is necessary is to collect a quantity cf sods, and throw them down his funnel. As he has no basin to protect him from these liberties you con approach to the very edge of the pipe, about five feet in diameter, and look down at the boiling water, which is perpetually seething at the bottom. In a few minutes the dose of turf you have just administered begins to disagree with him; he works himself up into an awful passion; tormented by the qualms of incipient sickness, he groans and hisses, and boils up, and spits at you with malicious vehemence, until at last, with a roar of mingled pain and rage, he throws up into the air a column of water 40 feet high, which carries with it all the sods that have been chucked in, and seatters them scalded and half-digested at your feet. So Irritated has the poor thing's stomach become by the discipline It has undergone that even long after all foreign matter has been thrown off it goes on retching and sputtering until at last nature is exhausted, when, sobbing and sighing to itself, it sinks back into the bottom of its den." While the party were watching at the Geysers they were startled by the appearance of Prince Napoleon, who, with his suite, had reached Reykjavik two days after themselves, and had now followed on their track. A fraternization naturally ensued, which led to a further companionship; but before we follow their further proceedinas in conjunction we are naturally arrested at a revelation which we find here of the primitive implicity of Icelandic manners. It may be the means of sending so many young tourists to Iceland that this simplicity may soon disappear; but for this result we entirely decline to be answerable. The revelation of this fact we make on the responsibility of Lord Dufferin, premising that the hero of the adventure was not Lord D. himself, but the surgeon, photographer, and botanist of the expedition- ' Having unluckily caught cold, instead of sleeing in the tent, he determnined to seek shelter under a solid rooftree, and, conducted by our guide Olaf, set off on his pony at bedtime in search of an habitation. The next morning he reappeared so unusually radiant that I_could not help inquiring what good fortune had in the meantime befallen him, upon which he gave me such an acoount of his last night's reception at the farm that I was almost tempted to bundle tent and beds down the throat of our Irritable friend Strokr, and throw myself for the future upon the hospitality of the inbabitants. It is true I had read in Van Troll of I something of the kind, but until now I never fully believed it. The Doctor, however, shall tell his own history. it'No sooner,' said he, ' had I presented myself at the door and made known my errand than I was immediately welcomed by the whole family, and triumphantly inducted into the guest quarters. Everything the house could pro- duce was set before me, and the whole society stood by to see that I enjoyed myself. As I had but just dined an additional repast was no longer essential to my happiness; but all explanation was useless, and I did my best to give them satisfction. Immediately on rising from the table the young lady of the house (old Van Troil says It is either the mother or the daughter of the house, if she be grown up, who performs this office) proposed by signs to conduct mte to. my apartment. Taking in one hand a large plate of skier, and In the other a bottle of brandy, sbe led the way through a passage built of turf and stones to the place where I was to sleep. Having watched her deposit, not withoat misgivings-for I knew it was expected both should be diaposed of before morning-the skier by my bedside and the brandy bottle under the plllow,-I was preparing to make her a polite bow, and to wish her a very good night, wben sbe advanced towards me, and, with a winning grace difficult to resist, insisted upon helping me off with my coat, and then, proceeding to extremities, with my shoes and stookings. At this most critical.part of the proceedings I naturally imagined her share of the performance would conclude, and that I should at last be restored to that privacy which at such seasons is generally considered appro- priate. Not a bit of It. Before Iknew where I was I found myself sitting on a chair, in my shirt, trouserless, while my fair tirewoman was engaged in neatly folding up the ravished garments on a neighbouring chair. She then, in the most simple manner in the world, helped me into bei, tunced me up, and having said a quantity of pretty things in lelandie, gave me a hearty kiss and departed. 'If,' he added, ' yslu see anything remarkable in my appearance, it is probably because- This very morn yve felt the sweet surprise "'Of unexpected lips on sealed eyes;' by which he poetically intimated the pleasing ceremony wh, ch had bwaked him to the daties of the day. I think it i eedless to subjoin that the doctor's cold did not get bet,ter as long as we remained in the neighbourhood, and that bad it not been for the daUy increasing fre of his looks I sioufd have begun to be alarmed at so protracted an indisposition." At this stage, in answer to an invitation from the French Prince,' Lard Dufferin abandoned that part of lim propoled route,whkoh Wmr to AT himavrv AU iiknown tract to the north-weat of the island, sn1 was taken in tow by the Reine Hortense to expedite him northwards. A ball was given by the French oficers to the fair Icelanders before starting, and the adventurers were further cheered by the following characteristic augury from Wilson: - "We're going to the icy regions, Sir, ain't we? Well, I've just seen that ere brig as is come from there, Sir, and they say there's a precious lot of ice this year. (Pa.se.) Do you know, Sir, the skipper showed me the bows of his vessel, Sir. She's got seven feet of solid timber in her for'ard; we? ve only two inches, Sir I" (Dives belowv.) In fact, Wilson is the exact counterpart of John Want, in The Frozen Deep, and with this Job's comforter of the crew they left Iceland to the southwards to encounter the perils of the Arctic Seas. The Foam, in the first instance, was towed by the :Reine Hortense across the Faxe Fiord and round the base of Snaefell, then along that north-west extrenity of Iceland by the rugged cliffs of which few mariners have ever sailed. Indeed, until within these last few years the passage is said to have been impraticable in consequence of the continuous fields of ice which used to drift down the channel between it and Greenland. Iately some great change seems to have taken place in the lie of the Greenland ice, and during the summer time you can pass through, though later in the year a solid belt binds the two shores together. Here is the famous Eyrbiggja district, the most classic ground in Iceland, of which Lord Dufferin recals to us some of the curious traditions while he speculates on their origin with no deficiency of penetration. His observation of " the last sunset" as they proceeded northwards is also recorded in a poetic strain which was natural to the occasion - "It wasnow just upon the stroke of midnight. Ever sinee leaving England, as each four-and-twenty hous we climbed up nearer to the pole the belt of dusk dividing day from day had been growing narrower and narrower, until having nearly reached the Arctic circle, this, the last night we were to traverse, had dwindled to a thread of shadow. Only another half-dozen leagues more, and we should stand on the threshold of a four months' dsr ! For the fsw preceding hours clouds had completely covered the heavens, except where a clear interval of sky that lay along the northern horizon promia lO g stage for the sun's last obsequies. But, like the heroes of old, he had veUed his face to die, and it was not until he dropped down to the sea that the whole hermisphere overfdoved with glory and the gilded pageant concerted for his funeral gathered in slow procession round his grave, reminding one of those tardy honours paid to some great prince of song, who, left during life to Panguish ina garret, is buried by nobles in Westminster Abbey. A few minutes more the last fiery segment had disappeared beneath the purple horizon, and all was over. 'The king is dead-the king is dead-the king is dead! Long live the king!' And up from the sea that had just entombed his sire rose the young monarch of a newv dy; wrhile the courtier clouds, in their ruby robes, tnrned faces still aglow with the favours of their dead lord to borrow brighter blazonry from the smile of a new mnaster. "A fairer or a stranger spectacle than the last Arctio sunset cannot well be conceived. Evening and morning, like kinsmen whose hearts some baseless feud has kept asunder, clasping hands across the shadow of the vanished night. "'You must forgive me if sometimes I become a ISttle inagniloquent, for really, amid the grandeur of that fresh prim eval world it was almost impossible to prevent one's imagination from absorbing a dash of the local colouring. We seemed to hlave suddenly waked up among the colosal scenery of Keats's Hyperlon. The pulses of young Titans beat within our veins. Time itself, no longer frittered down into paltry divisions, had assumed a more majestic aspect. We had the appetite of giants-was it unnatural we should also adopt ' the large utterance of the esrly gods? " The Reine Hortense had established a system of communication with the Foam by means of a huge black board displayed from the hurricane deck of the former vessel, and when the French officers wished to inaugurate their arrival in the Arctic waters by a carnival Lord Dufferin was asked in this fashion whether he could make any suggestion on the subject. To this the Briton replied, after deep reflection, by the monosyllable "' Grog," when there foUowed an entertainment and masquerade on board the Reine Hortense, at which his Lordship was invited to assist. During this interlude of jollity, however, the thermometer began to fall, and soon they were steering among innumerable ice islets. On the evening of the fourth day it came on to blow hard, and, the Frenchman's coal running too short to attain Jan Mayen, Lord Dufferiln as informed by the board t±at he was about to return to Reykjavik. There was just time to write a letter or two to friends in England, when the towrope was let go, and, with mutual cheers, by wav of adieu, the Reine Hortense and the Foam parted, the latter still proceeding on its way. Jan Mayen was reached after considerable difficulty, and a landing effected on its desolate shores. In no part of the Darrative does the pluck and dash of the noble mariner come out into such bold relief as in this successful attempt to reach Jan Mayen's Island, in spite of ice floes and fogs. The picture of the black peak, laced with snow, as the fog cleared off and disclosed the mountain towering above the Foam, is one of the best bits of word-painting in the book. Thence the voyagers stood for Hammerfest, where they made some acquaintances among the Lapps, while the consistent Wilson had the satisfaction of there obtaining most trustworthy information that Spitzbergen had now become totally inaccessible. Lord Dufferin, however, had views of his own about ocean currents and drifting fee, and he determined to proceed; and, after touching at Bear Island, and tacking about to clear the ice in much difficulty and perplexity, Spitzbergen was sighted, but ice on all sides seemed to close it in from access. "About this period Wilson culminated. Ever since leaving Bear Island he had been keeping a carnival of grief In the pantry, until the cook became almost half.witted by reason of his Jeremiads. Yet I must not give you the impression that the poor fellow was the least wanting in I pluck'; far from it. Surely it requires the highest order of courage to anticipate every species of disaster every moment of the day, and yet to meet the impending fate like a man, as he did. Was it his fault that fate was not eqnally ready to meet him 9 HIis sbare of the buisiness was always done; he was ever prepared for the worst; but the most critical circumstances never disturbed the gravity of his carriage, and the fact of our being destined to go to the bottom before tea-time would not have caused him to lay out the dinner-table a wbit less symmetrically, Still, I own, the style of his service was slightly depressing. He laid out my clean shirt of a morning as if it had been a shroud, and cleaned my boots as though for a man on his lastlegs. The fact is, he was imaginative and atrabiliots, contemplating life through a medium of the colour of his own complex on. "This was the cheerful kind of report be used invariably to bring me of a morning. Coming to the side of my cot with the air of a man announcing the stroke of doomsday, he used to say, or rather toll ; - "'Seven o'clock, my Lord.' "'Very well; how's the wind ? "'Dead ahead, my Lord-dead !' "'How many points is she off her course ?' Four points, my Lord,-full four points ! (Four points being as much as she could be.) ' I Is it pretty clear ? eh ! Wilson?P " ' Can't see your hand, my Lord !-can't see your hand 1' 'Much ice in sight ? "'Ice all round, my Lord-ice a-all ro-ound !'-and so exit, sighing deeply over my trousers." Tho navigators were much impeded by fogs, but, in spite of fogrs and ice, they succeeded after a voyage of II days in anchoring, on the 6th of August, in the silent haven of English Bay, Spitzbergen. A panoramic view which accompanies the work gives, no doubt, a faithful view of shores which are vast, desolate, and fearful to contemplate. Primeval rocks and eternal ice constitute the landscape and encircle the bay in which for a time the Foam found an anchorage. The adventurers landed and discovered there the skeleton of an old Dutch navigator of the last century, the frost gnawing for ever on his bleaching relics, yet eternally preserving them. Some bones were gathered, some photographs taken by the light of the midnight sun, a few ptarmigan and a bear were shot, a memorandum of the visit was deposited in a tin box, and on the 11th of August the travellers set sail to return. Five days after quitting it Spitzbergen remained in sight, and again and again the sepulchral voice of Wilson announced to his master that there was "' ice aU round." When he overheard that their next destination was theMaelstrom,he concluded that his supreme hour had arrived,and perhaps to his disappointment he was taken aafely to Throndhjem, whence the Foam made its way homeward, touching at Bergen. That this book will be as successful we cannot doubt from the marked literary ability with which it is written. We might, perhaps, object to a little flippancy and sentimentality here and there, but where there is so much entertainment so gracefully afforded it would be ungracious to dwell on occasional blemishes. As a whole, we must admit that a more charming narrative of a summer's tour we have never read, while there is so much to delight ua independently of the interest of the subject that we are pleased to infer we shall hear of the author hereafter. CRYSTA-Z PALACH.-OIHg SHuraieo DAY, Mon- day, Oct. 19.-Admjssfon on payment, 1,5-87; ditto by ~gasn tickets, 154 ; tota ylators 1,741,
MIDDLESEX sE&oarg Oct. L9. The criminal business of the October Quarter Seadons commenced this morning at Clerkenwell before Mr. BLIss, Q. C., and a bench of magistrates. There were 58 prisoners for tril, 47 charged with felony and 11 with misdemeanour. Mr. Buss deliverad a short charge to the grand jury. The Rev. Robert Maguire, the recently elected incumbent of Clerkenwell, attonded and went through the ceremony of taking the Oath of Allegiance. William Thomas, 18, was indicted for feloniously break. lDg and enterlng the dwelling-house of James EHickman, and stealing therein a coat and other property value 81. l0 He pleaded " Guilty." Sentenced to one year's hard labour. James Crayford, 49, was indicted under the first section of an Act of Lord Campbell for unlawfuUy having in his possession by night a certain instrnment called a crowbar, v'ith intent to break and enter the dwelling-house of James Wagstaff. He pleaded" Guilty." Mr. BLISS sentenced him to three months' hard labour. Michael Henry, 31., was indicted for unlavrfully and maliciously stabbing Edward Macdonald. It appeared that the prosecutor and some acquaintancem bad been drinking at a publichouse at Wapping, whence they proceeded towards the Thames Tunnel. They met the prisoner in company with a young woman, who spoke to the prosecutor. This ultimately led to a quarrel, and the prisoner, after thTeatening to mark him for life, drew out a knife and stabbed hinm with it in the thigh, and severely bit him in the feshy part of the left arm. The wound in the thigh was in close proximity to the femoral artery. The lury iound the prisoner Guity on the second count, The CounT sentencod him to six months' hard labour. (Before Mr. CRmASY.) Elizabeth Hunt, a marine store-dexler in Victorla-grove, Cambridge-heath-road, who was convicted on Wednesday last of having feloniously received a number of pewter pots which had been stolen by three boys from publichouses, was brought up for jndgment. Mr. CREASY said it was a most aggravated case, and sentenced the prisoner to four years' penal servitude. The boys, who had pleaded " Guilty" of stealing the pots, were sentenoed each to seven days' imprisonment' and to be whipped. Dennis Haydon, 30, a respectable-looking man, was indicted for unlawfully assaulting James Burt, a pollce-constable, in the execution of his duty. The prosecutor, 317 K division, '.ns on duty in Brookstreet, Ratcliff, one morning, about 1 o'clock, when he saw a woman lying, as if asleep, upon a door stp. He aroused her and advised her to go home, and was assisting her to walk, when be received two tremendous blows on the back of the head, which made him reel forward. On turning round he fouzd that the prisoner was his assailant. He received another blow, which knocked his head against a shutter. The prisoner then seized him by the body, lifted him up, and dashed him to the ground with great violence. He then dropped upon him with his knees, and struck him on the face eight or nine times, cutting one of his eyes open. A person who saw this called out for assistance, and another policeman camne up. The prisoner, who was not sober, ran array The prosecuItor became insensible, and had since been unable to resume duty. He sustained a severe injury from his back coming in contact with the sharp edge ef a kerb stone, which in aIl probability will boaL permanent one. The prisoner said he was drunk at the time, and knew nothing of the matter. The jury found him Guilty, and Mr. CREAsY sentenced him to be kept to hard labour for 14 calendar months. John Healey was brought up to be dealt with by the Court as an incorrigible rogue and vagabond, under the 5th of George IV, cap. 83. seo. 10. The prisoner was convicted as a rogue and vagabond before Mr William Peter Boddin at Highgate, and committed to the House of Correction until the quarter sessions. T'he offence set forth was, " that on the 22d day of September, at Hampstead, in this county, he did unlawfully go about and endeavour to prooure charitable contributions from Jane Rivington, under the false pretence that such contributions were to be applied to bringing the dead body of hiswife from a hospital to Hampstead for interment, whereas, in fact and in truth, his wife was not dead and is now living," &c. When taken Into custody the police found on him a paper purporting to be signed by a " district visitor," recommending his appeal to the benevolent on the ground that he had been left a widower with seven children, and was disabled from getting his living through an rcident. Two former convictions for frauds upon the charitable were proved against him by efficers of the Mendicity Society. He was a well-known offender. ~Mr. CREASY adjudged him to undergo 10 months' hard -flour. John Antonio, a foreign sailor, was indicted for assaulting James Donovan and wounding him with a knife. He was found Guiltv on the second count, and sentenced to six months' hard labour. John M'pCarthy, 22, was tried and found zGuilty of stealing a gold watch, value 301, the property of Thomas Menzies, from his person, in a crowd in the Minories. Having been previoutsly convicted of a like robbery, the prisoner was sentenced to four years' penal servitude.
POLICE. MANsSioN-HoruS. - John M`Crow, a ferocious-looking fellow, was brought before the LORD MAtYoR, obarged with having stabbed William Witham, a fishdealer in WhitecroFs-street, under the following circumstances :- The prosecutor, having been sworn, said,-On Saturday afternoon last I was in a coffeeshop, iri Botolph-lane, eating a haddock. I asked the prisoner to phss me the pepper-box, and he made a dirty observation In i eply. A young man wbo was standing by commenced larking with the prisoner, wbo immediately took a tableknife froin his pocket, and said, "1 This is how I serve people who interfere with me." He placed the knife on the table, ar.d took up a stick, say nghe would strike any low-lived fellowwho did anything to him. I said to him, " Why, you are the first that ought to be bit with it for the expression you used just nowv." The prisoner took up the stick for the purpose of striking the young man whom I was anxious to protect from vlolence, and upon my endeavouring to assist him the prisoner again took up the knife and stabbed me In the hand in two places. I then proceeded to St. Thomas's Hospital, where I got my wounds dressed. Cross-examined by the prisoner.-I did not at All interfere with you. You made use of a very bad expression when I asked Tou to pass me the pepper-box. Heiry Wooster, a costermonger, said,-I was present in the coffeesbop when the prosecutor was stabbed. He was eating a haddock and asked for the pepper-box. The prisoer replied, " You don't waut it," and made use of a filthy expression. He then began larking, and got out of temper, and tried to give me a crack on the head with a stick. He bawled out, " The first man who uses bad langusge ought to be hit on the head wth the stick." I replied, "Then, you are the first man who ought to be hit on the head." I got larking with him, and he got on the seat for the purpose ef striking me. The prosecutor tried to stoD him, upon which he took up the knife which he had previously taken from his pocket, and stabbed him in the hand. He "jobbed" the knife at him twice, and I immediately saw the prosecutor's hand covered with blood. Cross-examined.-I did not throw any tea or coffee at you. The prosecutor was trying to protect me when you stabbed him. 'Mr. G. Grabham, house surgeon at St. Thomas's Hospital, said,-The prosecutor came to the hospital on Saturday, when I examined his hand, which I found had been wounded in two places. They were incised wounds, and had been very cleanly cut evidently by a sharp %instrument. One vwas in the palm of the hand, the other in the middle finger. The one in the palm of the hand I consider a dangerous wound. The danger of bleeding has not passed by yet. Cross-examined.-One of the wounds Is very deep, and boih have been inflicted by " jobs" with a knife. MIonger, police constable No. 564.-I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody. I asked him for the knife, and E e said he had thrown it away. I received the knife produced from a waiter, who found it under a seat. I afterwards found a white-handled knife in the prisoner's pocket, upon which he said, "That's not the one I stabbed him with; it was a black-handled one, and I would serve any one the same who interferes with me." The prisoner, in reply to the charge, said that the prosecutor bad been wounded accidentally in attempting to take the knife from him. He was fully committed for trial to the Central Criminal Court. MARLSOROUcG}-STREET.-Anna MlUer was brought before Mr. BIGHAMI on suspicion of having caused the death of her infant child. Mrs. Frances Whittaker, 5, Gerrard-street, said she was district visitor of St. Anne's, and the prisoner, whom she had previously known in her capacity of visitor, came to her shop on Saturday evening and said her child was in a fit. She looked at the child and saw it was dead. She told the prisoner the child was dead, and the prisoner began to cry, and said it was her busband's fault. Witness had called on the prisoner some davs previously, and then found the infant crying piteously. The prisoner said she had lost her milk for three days. Mr. Jones, Soho-square, surgeon, had examined the child, but did not find any external marks of violence, The child appeared very much emaciated, but that might proceed from natural causes as well as neglect. Inspector Lester, C division, said there would be an inquest on the infant that evening. Mr. BINoHA,%f said it appeared to him that the witness had accounted for the death of the child by her statement of what the prisoner told her respecting the stoppage of the natural feod of the child. He should discharge the prisoner. As soon as the prisoner left the dock her husband got into the witness-box and complained of his wife's general had conduct and violence. He had been obliged to appear against her at this court. Mr. BINGHAr said, on proof of violence, he was quite prepared to restrain her in the way the law pointed out. MAtItYLIoN-x.A very respectable looking man, about 40 years of age, described as " Mr. John Probert, a farmer, at Llanfeliy, Abergavenny," was placed at the bar before Mr. BROuGROwN, charged with being concerned with another In stealing property to the amount of 100. from the shop of hIr. Stradth, a jeweller, c, in London-street, Pad. dlr Grange appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Herring for the prisoner. The caee, from the Deculiar circumstanoes counectod there. with, excited no smgI1 degree of interes The first witness alied wa Sophia Aygott, in the service of Mr. Stradth. She said, -On the 3d of this month, between 8 and 9 in the moraing, while in the kitchen, I heard a penny drop Into the area. I went and picked it up, and saw a man looking down, and on my asking him what he was looking for, he said, "It's down there." I went up stairs, opened the door, and gave the penny to a man whom I believe to be the prisoner. He seemed much gitatod. He went away, and I watched as far as the oDrner of Sussex-gardens. Last Saturday evening I was walking with a young friend, and saw him cross over towards an oysterstall. I said to my frend, "I believe that's the man," and sho ran home to my mJstress, and I went with her and we came back with a polioeman. On returning I looked in at the window of a coffeeshop and went in with the constable, and there saw the prisoner. I and the policeman had some coffee, and while there T had a full view of him (prisoner). Mr. BRovoUGTO.-.Are yon still of opinion that he is the man to whom you handed the penny? Witnes-I am, Sir. Witness added that she thought she was doing no more than her duty in giving the prisoner in charge, her master and mistress having been spoken to by her previously. Mr. Herring cross-axamined the witness upon vaious points in her evidence, and elioited from her that she "thought" at one time he was the man. Thomas A^ugustus Oram, apprentice to Mr. Stradth, said that at half-past 8 on the morning of the 3d inst. the prisoner-he bei eved he was the person, and, in fact, he had ecarcely any doubt about it-cailed him outside the shop, and, pointing to a gold chain in the window, asked him the price of it. He told him he wolid go and inquire, and at the same moment Mrs. Stradth, who was in the kitchen, called out to him " Tom !" Witness immedtately afterwirds returned to the shop, and there saw another man, who inquired of him if Mr. Taylor was there, He was told that he was not, and after he had lost sight of both the parties it was ascertained that 14 gold chains and a gold and silver watch had been stolen. Xr. BRoUGHToN. -Did the prisoner go into the shop at all. Witness.-He did not, your Worship. By Mr. Herring.-I was in the shop at 20 minutes to 8- the other apprentice, whose duty it was to "set out' the window, was not there. Two chains had been left hanging up in the vwindow on the overnight. I brought the box containing watches, &c., from the parlour into the shop. AfterIhad been asked by the prisoner outside tbe shop the prioe of the chain I went in, and there found another man. I did not see him go in, s my attention was directed towards the chain the price of which I was asked. I have told somebody that I thought I might be mistaken as to tho prisoner being the man who spoke to me outside by the window. I have said so to the servant girl. Mr. BRoUGHTON.-Looking at him now, do 7on believe he Is the man? Witness.-I am sure of it. By Mr. Herring.-After master came home I and the servant both talked to him and mistress about the robbery. I think the prisoner iB tbe man. Mr. BRouGonroO.-Let Sophia Aygott stand up again. (To witness) Do you still adhere to it that the prisoner is th_e reon ? witness.-Yes, Sir; I believe he is. By Mr. Herring.-The man who dropped the penny, and to whom I gave it, seemed greatly confused. Some other witnesses were called and they were very ably examined at much length and cross-examined by Mr. THe rearned gentleman, after a protracted inquiry, in the course of which he pointed out rnany discrepancies in some of the statements made, set forth that the prisoner was a fanner of considerable wealth ad unblemished reputation, He should further be in a condition to prove by clergymen and other highly-respectable parties who had been telegraphed for that prisoner had not been away from his home until the period of his getting into this trouble since March lati; it would clearly be shown to be a case of mistaken Identity. Mr. Herring mentioned a case in which some time ago a jeweller was robbed of a large amount of property; a person was charged with having stolen the Eame, and after. wards a great portion of the stolen valuables was found to have been purloined by a relative of the prosecutor. Mr. BROuGHTON considered that the identity had been so sworn to as to justify him in remandiug the accused; but he should order that he be brought up again to-morrow (this 31r. Herring asked for the prisoner to be liberated on baSI, but the magistrate, as the remand wxs for so short a ime, did not comply with the request. He (Mr. Herrig) was quite sure that there would be fll and clear proof adduced as to his respectable client's perfect innocence. LAwsesb-Charlotte Richardson, a middle.aged woman whose husband is t present undergoing a sentence of transportation, was place:at the felons' bar before Mr. ELiorr oD a charge of being concerned with John Brookes and Harriet Perch at p resent in Newgate awaiting their trial for the offence of breaking into the dweDinghouse of Mr. John Coleman, at the King's Arms, in Meeting-house-lane, Pecklamn.rye, and stealing therefrom 230. in banknotes and gold. On the night of the 1st of September last the bedroom of Mir. Colemau was entered from the hack premises, the drawers broken open, and a bag, containing banimotes and gold to the above amaount, carried away. Some days after Brookes and Perch were apprehended, and the evidence against them of being concerned in the robbery being quite conclusive thev were fuUy committed for trial, and the officers engaged in the case have been since endeavouring to Aprehend the third party connected with the offence. Sergeant Bond, of the P division of police, said, that from information he received he on Saturday evening went to a shop kept by the prisoner near Lant-street, Borough, and on seeing the prisoner told her that he must take her into custody on a charge of being concerned, with a man named Brookes and a woman named Perch in robbing a publichouse on Peckham-rye of 2301. in gold and notes. She replied that she knew nothing about the robbery, though she had heard something of it and knew a man named Brookes. He thea asked her if she had any money in the house, or books relating to money or property, and she replied she had not. Oa searching her house, however, various articles of new wearing apparel and a savings6bank book for 301., deposited in the savmgs-bauk in Bloomsbnrystreet, Bishopsgate, were found in her drawers ; and at the stationhouse seven duplicates, relating to other uroperty, were found on her person. The goods, she said, sbe had got from a taUyshop, and referred him to bills which sbe had with them, but on examining these he found that their dates were as far back as 1855, and the money, which had been deposited in the savlngs-bank on the 7th of September, just seven days after the robbery, she said was the pro. duoe of the furniture she had sold. Thomas Evans, a constable belonging to the D division of police, corroborated the testimony of the last witness rospecting the finding of the articles produced at the house of the prisoner. Mr. Coleman, the prosecutor, identified the prisoner as having been frequently at his house and drinking at his bar with the man Brookes and the woman Perch, who stood committed for trial, about the time of the robbery, and Mr. Goslin, a next-door neighbour, swore positively to have seen her come out of a passage by the side of the house of Mr. Coleman on the mght, and about the time of the robbery. Mr. Smart, a butober in the Bagnigge-wells-road, said, that some weeks ago the prisoner deposited in his hands the savings bank book produced, and 101. in gold, and said she -as about to take a coffeesbop in the Bethnal-greenrdad. She subsequently took the book and money from him. .Mrs. Susan Brookes, the wife of Brookes, who stands committed for trial, was called as a witness, but her testimony was objected to by a solicitor who appeared on behalf of the prisoner. Mr. ELUOrTr, however, desired her testimony to be taken, and she was sworn. She deposed that some months ano her husband left her and went to live with the woman Perch. She also said that the prisoner lived in the same room with her for 12 months up to about six weeks ago, and had no furniture whatever there to dispose of. Sergeant Bond requested a remand and a summons agains` a witness who, he thought, would be able to give important evidence in the case of a future examination. 11r. ELLIOT complied with the request, and the prisoner was remanded for a weeka
ROBBERY BY A. M aIwIT tA .-Aa Miss Smith, daughter of Mr. Laurene Smith, of the Wellington Inn. Doncaster, was retiring to her bedroom on Fnday night she discovered a militiaman deliberately helping himsolf to all the valuable articles in the room, uoh as rings. watebguards, brooches, bracelets, &c., all of wbich were of gold, and had been collected Into a handkerchief by the thiet ready for taking away. Miss Smith Beized him by the arm and demanded to know what he was doing there when the thief struck her a violent blow on the head and ran downstairs. An alarm was promptly raised, but he effected his escape. He succeeded in taking away with him five sovereigns, a five-shilling piece, 17s. 6d. in Filver, two gold rings, and some penny, twopenny, and fourpenny pieces. One of the latter coins was remarkable from having a Sgure of 4 on the reverse side, instead of the figure of Britannia. There was aleo a shilling of the reign of Elizabeth, with a cross on the back and a hole through it, and a spade ace guinea. Advertlsement." India," by J. H. Stooqueler. The 2 thosanud of thl "book of the time' Js now published. pIoe eighteenpence in boards, orfreobyotfor 22 amps In this olume It bae been the aim of the author to oondenue and conoentrate all the intormition t-hat Is really known and can he depended upon reearding tho British empilreln Indta. Alwo prioe2s. inboards, Qrfreeby Poeb 28 stamps "The PrivateLfeoftan iteru K-ing; or. tbe Kinsaomot Onde ana its King," by William Knghtion. illugtrated by Harrison Weir. This volume gives the beet de6crIpton extnt of the town and ne4lg.bzhood ot Luknow, and the country between that lace sd. Cawesmore; and throw' nnsmor llaht on the uinternal oondihlon 9f 'he Oude prOvin e and India than all the bluebooks hIn sekdi Gese Routledne and Co. lafrlnigdosm*ueet. tW5. o, r A dvertisement ji-" The most famouls works in the Engllsh lanzuoeon the duties of the parochial clerg are 'Herbem Country Pusan., ' 'xter'~ Ietomed Pestor,' anD 'Bishop Burnefes P.e Car'-a teevtls of wkmlchtime hm not dimb1thed ihe value." Qnartery Review." Burneton the Pastoral CO ' with Drefatory remaksuhy the Rerv.Canon Dale. 3dL priec d Herert'aP es and Country P^reoo S. 6dL; "The Temaple i3acndPeems." ka I jg ,. ~'mTb i?rlee to the Temple or the Country Parson" ns. " Blsoo Jewel's AolOgy. wth his b aiousn plsttX le to the OoupmlI of Ivy-lane, raternoster-rew, E. r r .dS
MtILITARY AND NA VAL INTELLWGENCB. Captain J. D. Downing, 3sth Regiment, togetherwith a 'party of non-cormnissioned officers of that corps, have left Chatham for Sheffield, to take charge of the 600 volunters to be raised by the inhabitants of that town, the authorities at the War-office having decided that they shaU be attached to the 98th depot, the head-quarters of which have proceeded to India. A general court-martial, Lleuterant-Colonel C. Elnfirst, 3rd battalion, president, is ordered to assemble at Chatham this morning for the trial of Lieutenant G. W. V. Yule, Royal Engineers, and Ensign T. S. Mitchell, 89th Regiment on charges preferred against them by the authorities at the Horse Gu"-is. The foh,i.ng medical officers have been directed to hold themselves in readiness to embark for India: -AnsistantSurgeons D. IHodgson, D. A. Shornnie, J. HL Whittaker, W. Alexander, J. M. Letchie, and. C. Uackinnon. With the view of filling up the various regiments serving in India his Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief ha3 ordered additional recruiting parties to be sent out from all the Indian depots at Chatham to various new stations in the country. Staff-Amistant-Smrgeon Qaitterton has been relleved from duty at Chatham, and directed to proceed to Hurst Castle for the purpose of taking medical charge of the Royal Artillery at that station. The Hon. East India Company's steamer Asare arrived at the Mauritias from Bombay on the 29th of Augusb for troops a-ad left on the 5th of September with 400 men of the 4th Regiment. Our Malta correspondent, writing on the 13th inst., says:- " Her Majesty's screw steamship of the line the Conqueror, after a long passage under canvas, reached Malta on the 10th from PortsmitoLth and Gibraltar, and on the same day Her Majesty's screw steam sloop Desperate took her departure for England, but put baok on the 11th, owing to some damage to her machinery. ' Her Majesty's despatch steamer tho Caradoc left for England on the 12th. with the Siamese Ambassadors and suite. On leaving Valletta harbour their excellencies received the salutes due to their rank from Per Majesty's ship Conqueror and Fort St. Angelo. "The Sultan, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship, arrived at Malta from Southampton early on the morning of the Ilth, having on board Major Nicholson, Captains Fenwick and Cuuiberland: Lieutenants Scratchley, Beaumont, Wynne, Keith, Sweetenham, Walker, Patterson, and Magnay Surgeons Haverty, Browne, and 235 non-commissioned oflicen and privates of the 4th and 11th companies of the Royal Engineers, cn route for India. The Sultan leit for Alexandria immediately after eoaling, ayid after embarking the Colonel Commandant, Henry Drury 1arness. i- The hired bark Mary Stoddart,with gunpowder and naval stores, arrived at Malta from London on the 12th. " The Peninsuhlr and Oriental Company's steampacket Valleta arrived at Malta from Alexandria on the 10th, with the Calcutta mails, and left on the afternoon of the same day for Marsellles, having on board, among other passengers, Messrs. Paterson, wife, and two children, Lewis, Hadowe, Bomanjee Pestonjee, Hugon and wife, Biarotti and wife, Letard, wife, and son, Cohen, Dremher, and DDuffy; Mrs. Plank and son, Mrs. Erskine and three children, Mrs. Morgan and two children, and Captain Bland. ' The Ripon, belonging to the same company, with the heavy mail, arrived on the following morning and left in afternoon for Southam ton, calling at Gibraltar, having on board Majors M'Dougall and Vincent, Captain Dyett, Lieutenant Cowper, wife, and son; Lieutenant Battye. wife, and three children; Lieu tenant Grant, Lady Higgison and two children; Captain Price's four children, Captain Taylor's two children, Mrs. Carnegie's child, Dr, Boyle, Dr. Caldwell, and Dr. Fairbanks; Messrs. Campibell, Doubty, Stubbington, Tuttle, Bratt, Boyer, Carpenter, Blarmer, Harris, Harrison, James, Rusa311, Weaver, and two Misses Weaver; Mr. Muspratt, wife, and child- Mr. and Mrs. Wilson; Messrs. Broughton, Fisk, Carey, Miles Nicholas, Elfondy, Savage, Barker, M'Mair, Williams, Weston and wife; Mrs. Hicks and son, Mrs. De Vitre and son, Mrs. Woolcombe, Airs. M[acgregor and three children, 3irs. Younghusband and three children, Mrs. Brooks and two children, Mrs. Gould and two children, Mrs. Cockbnrn and three children, Mrs. Strutterford and son, Mmrs Travers, Mrs. Goate and child, trs. Barnes, Mrs. Graham, Mrs. Chapman and son, Mrs. Fdwles, Irs. Templar. Mrs. Lushington and Son, Mrs. Astell and Son, AMrs. Wynyard and Son, Mrs. M'Lardy and Son, Mrs. Alexander and Son, Mrs. Valling and three children, Mrs. Hutchinson, Mrs. Lightford, and Mrs. Snyde. " The screw steamers with general cargoes which touched at Maltabetween the 11th and 13th were-the Arcadia, from Smyrna for Liverpool (conveying Major Drayer); the Bellona, from London and Havre, for Smyrna. Constantinople, and Odesne ; and the St. Elmo, from Glasgow and GiDraltar for Messina. "The Wansbeck, having repaired her damages, left on the 11th for Smynia. " The Russian stearners Bratouska and Bratibb arrived from Newcastle and Cibraltar on the 11th inst., boned for Odessa." The monster cannon., recently conveyed to Woolwichmarsh for experiments, was yesterday subjected to a series of preliminary proofs by the firing of seven corresponding .3-inch shells, the nini7i7num charge of powder, 101b., being increased at the progressive rate of lOlb. until the fifth shot, when the charge was doubled, and the seventh and last was increased to 1501b. The result was as follows.-First charge, 101b., over a range of 230 yards, the shell being embedded about 5 feet in the solid earth; second, 201b., 500 yards; third, 301b., about 780 yards; fourth, 401b., i,500 yards; fifth, 501b., about an equal distance with the last. The sixth charge, containing 1001b. of powder, obtained a flight of about 2,250 yards, and the last, amounting to n501b., passed some distance beyond the butt, and wa~ buried to an immense depth in the earth. The experiments were considered extremely satisfactory, and are to be continaed on some future day with heavier charges of powder. Captain Dyneley's company of Royal Artillery embarked on board the steaml-transport Viscount Canning yesterday morning at Woolwich for Calcutta, but the vessel did not sail immediately, the vrrang enments being incomplete. She will leave, however, thi} morning at 7. On Friday three officers and 12(1 non-commissioned officers and rank and file of the 9)4th Reginment, under the command of Major William Henrv Kirby, arrived in Cork from Dublin, to await the arrival of a transport to convey them to India. It is expected that the steamship Leopold, now embarking artillery and stores at Portsmouth, will call for them. MIlITIA. The Royal Berkshire Militia were reviewed on their private parade in the South Camp, Aldershott, on Saturday, by his Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Chief, who was accompanied by a brilliant staff. His Royal Highness, who was received with the usual honours, expressed his entire satisfaction with the, appearance of the regiment. The Dorset County Militia are actively engaged in recruiting for a number of the regul.ar infantry regiments. The officers and staff of the East York Regiment of Militia have received a notification that it is not to be embodied. Most of the officers have vol%uteered for foreign service. The King's Owu Stafferdshire Regiment of Militia under the command of Mr. E. R. Littleton, M.P., has been embodied. The regi mont fo miserly did duty for two years and a half at Corfu and Cephalonia. The North Devon Meunted Rifles were called out for a few days' training lact week. Earl de Grey, the Lord Lieutenant, has communicated to the officers and staff of the liedford Militia that the regiment is forthwith to be embodied. The Royal PertbshireRifies assembled on the parade ground in the Perth barracks on Friday last to receive their annual bounty. Nearly every man was present. LieutenantColonel Drummond made a short address, saying that should the regiment be again called upon to serve he trusted that in the present crisis they would be ready to foUoitheir officers on foreign service or wherever Her Majesty miglit be pleased to send them. The whole regiment came forward to a man and signified their readiness to serve at home or abroad. The lieutenant-colonel aLso expressed to tnem his pleasure at seeing their clean and orderly ap. pearance, said he was sure it wvonld always be their endeavour to maintain the high character they attained when last embodied, and hoped soon to meet them again for duty. The following regimuents of Irish Militia are under orders for duty in England :-The Antrim Rifles, the South Down, Limerick County, the North Cork, and the Dublin City. The touth Rifes are ordered to be forthwith embodied. and it is said that orders were issued on Saturday from the Adjzta.t-GeneraV's-office for the embodiment of the Fermanagh, Donegal, and 'yrone Regiments.
MR. LAYAIcD GOING TO THE EAST.- e have been favoured with the following letter, addressed to Ar. T. M. Mackay. It shows the stuff Mi. Layard is made of:- 12M. Piccadilly, Oct. 17. Darbany-I am of for Ind'a nsxt week. my obhjct-to vlzl!e of the reobellio. to orm my ov6 n vi8ws uon eanse aud reaults. I have been teo long idle, and want again work, and try to bp usefuL I trust tht my journey may enable me to do onme sood. I wish I had semne ple4aant, Int9lllgent mrn hke youre as a co'n. vanion. I hope to e baseh by the end ot,y Mscr ery in junre. sax montne hard work will ensale me to ee and do mnch. It any cmptl. tuency wil do me the honour of returning me during my absence I shafl be happy to sevo them. *-sue incerely, "nmA. W. LA.YARD"1 A LONa-Axwl Ih'WIAN.-From the sublime to the ridicnlous ! In the Madras papers we find a copy of a letteraddressed to " His Ptighness Sree Pulmanabha Dausa V"anche Bdas Martanda Vurmaa Koola Shukara Reereda Pathee Bazhiodia Rlam Rajah Bhador Mun-nay Sultan Maha Rajah Rajah Shnunsbeer Jung Rajah of Travancore," and signed "Harris!" His Highnei Sree P nlmanabha, &c., of Travancore, has, weanre glad to see, subscribed 6,000 rupees to the relief fund, with his good wishes and fervent prayers for peace and tranquillity. This contribution is tnnounced in a letter, the signature of wbich Is omitted, proab:ly from want of room, and is aoknowledged in that the address and signature of which we have above recorded. -Bom46ai Courier.
UiYI ZJVRBJTY IXTSLLIGENCB. OXFORD. On?p- 1in The two elementary courses of lectures in Eiebrew -witl commence on Monday, the 26th, and Ttesday, the 27th of October. The first i intended for such as are just beginning the language; the second, for those acquainted with the rudiments of grammar. Those who wish to attend the elementary lectures are requested to call upon the Rev. 11. Gandell, M.A., Magdalen-hall, on Saturday, October 24, betweeen the hours of 1 and 3 o'clock. A paper has circulated informing members of Congregation that the following gentlemen will be voted for as members of Council on Wednesday next. The persons mentioned are all out-going members of Council:-The Master of Balliol, the Provost of Worcester, Professor Jacobson, Professor Price, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Mansel. CAMBRIDGE, OcT. 19. The Vice-Chancellor gives notice that thera wiU be a on Tuesday. the 27th inst., at 11 o'clock, at St. =athartne's College Lodge, of the Syndicate appointed t considor the cases of those undergraduates who have degraded, and are desirous of becoming candidates for honours. The Syndicate wish It to be understood that eases not presented to them at the above meeting will be precluded from consideration till the next regular meeting in October, N.B, A11 applications must be made in writing by the tutors, and accompanied by the necessary medicsl or other certificates. The Vice-Chancellor has given notice of a meeting to he held in the Arts School on Monday. October 26, at 2 o'clock p.m., to afford to the mqmbers of the Senate anopportunity of giving and receiving inlorination and explanations respecting the proposed newv Statutes. The followzing, amor'g others, are propositions to be submitted to the Senate by Grace as amendments to the proposed new University Stsatu^tes: 1. That the Micbselmas Term commence on the 1st day of October in every year. 2. That the Easter Term commence on the Friday after Easter Day in every year. 3. That the two houses of Regents and Non-Regents be merged into one, in which all the members of the Senate may meet and vote together. 4. That meetings of the Senate be summoned, whenever the Vice-Chancellor or the Council think proper, to disouss Graces of important character before voing upon them, and to propose or suggest amendments for the consideration of the Council; but that no vote be taken or decision come to at such meetings. 5. That the University be empowered in special cases to grant a higher degree to any one vwho has already taken some degree in the University, without requiring the candidate to be present for admassion; provison being made for the usual subscription in the case of degrees in Divinity. 6. That the University be empowered to hold Congregations for the transaction of necessary business in varstion time without the form, at present in use, of calling a Convocation to be afterwards resolved into a Congregation. 7. To rescind the provision in cap 6, sect. 1, paragraph 4, of the revised statutes, which gives power to the committee there specified to prevent from preaching in the University Church any one convicted before them of having opposed the doctrine or discipline of the church of England. (FROM OUR Oe CORRE.SPONDENT.) DUlRHAM, OcT. 19. The first and second year's examinatlons commenced on Wednesday, and concluded on Saturday. The following class-List has beea posted up:- SEcoND YEsAR'S Ex rr.iATIoN L ARTS. Class I. Bulmer, University College I Douglas, Bishop Cosin's Hall Eepple, University College. Class IL Badham, Bishop Cos'n's Hall. Class III. Class IV. Arrowasmith, University Col. Oakley, Bishop Hatfield's lege Hall Jo Witt, Uaiversity Col- Thomlson Bishop' Hatfield's Class V. Dodgson, Bishop Hatfield's Hall. Class VI.-- Class VIL Kidd, Bishop Cosin's HalL CLASSICAL. PRIZE. Bulmer, University College. FIRST YEAR. Class L. I Class IL - Class III. Penney, University College I Wawn, University College. Class IV. Badnall, Bishop Cosin's Hall i Burns, Bishop Eatfield's Halt Wilkinson, Bishop Hasfield's HalL Class V. Farmer, University College Kenyon,Bishop Cosin's Hall. Class VI. Farmer, Bishop Hatfield's Hall. Class VII. Whatley, University College Drwkins,BishopCosin'sHall Arnold, University College 1 oodward, niversity Coll. ROBFRT R. HAYWARD JosvrPr WAITE }Examiners, ALFRED JAMIES FIRST YEAR'S EXAinNATIoN IN THEOLOGY. Barrow, University College Lowe, Bishop Hatfield's Hall Bell, University College Pearson, Bishop Hatfield's H. Crass, Bishop Hatfield's Hall Sutcliffe,BishopEIatfield'sH. H. F. LoNG E m F. F. WALROND fExaminers. FIRST YEAR'S EXAbINATION FOR MEDICAL STUDENTS. Class I. - class IH. Bootman, Bishop Cosin's Hall Thompson, BiShop Cosin's H. Class III. - - I Class IV. _ Class V. Saville, Bishop Hatfield's Hall. ARTHUR BE&uLuL\-TS Examiners. R. H. BLAIEY I The number of Freshmen in both Arts and Theology is considerable.
CAPTURED ARTILLEBY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, -I think that few of your readers can have failed to be surprised at the quantity of artillery said to be captured from the Indian mutineers by our troops in every skirmish which has taken place. A letter which appeared in your columns on the 14th inst. throws a curious light on this point. The writer, a private in the Carabineers, describes how his troop attacked a party of rebels 20 or 30 miles from the ffeerat cantonmeuts, " routed themn and took a number of guns." He goes on to say:- " And how, and of what, do you think tbey were made 7 Why, I will tell you. You may, perhaps, have seen the iron socket of a telegraph oost, by which it is fixed into the ground; of course it is hollow, and a touchhole is easily made at the smallest end of it. So far, so good; there is your gu. No%v for the car. iage, &c. ; they cut up the wooden posts, and for the ammunition they cat up the telegraphic wires into small rough pieces, tied up in an old sock or somethig of that kind, just like grapeshot. Not such a bad get-up for a set of niggers !" The capture of guns is generally considered to be the test of complete military success. A couple of guns lost in the Crimea were more mourned over than the loss of 500 men. The Ru-dians used to make any saorifice rather than abandon their field artillery. I think, therefore, that we ought to be careful not to give in this Indian warfare brevet rank to the iron sockets of telegraph posts, which would appear, from your corre. spondent's description of them, to be so much moredangerous to our enemies than to ours;lves that it is almost a pity to deprive them of such weapons. I am, Sir. your obedient Ase,,+t MATTER OF FACT.
TO THE BDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir, -You were good enough a few days ago to publish a letter of mine pointing out the feasibility of establishing a mesns of communication on railway trains between the passengers, the guards, and the eDgine drivers. Might I suggest that petitions to Parliament should be prepared and signed, demanding that the construotion of wome such contrivance be made obligatory on railway com. panies s Between this and the next session I have no doubt that the accumulation of signatures would be overwhelminx in number in a matter so nearly concerning tha Uves and limbs of a whole nation. I am. Sir. vour ohes-ini. - hIANGLED REMAINS. -lerts, Oct. 17.
COTTON.-GLASGO W Oct. 17,.-We have had a week of almost total cessation of business in our cotton. market, caused chiefly by the untoward course of the money-market aud the general glooum caused by the heavy faUlures in town. We make no change iu our quotations. Goods and Yarns.--The inarket for goods nd yarns is very quiet, and few or no transactions going on. We have to report the failure of the highly respectable firm of Auld and Buchanan. printers, with liabilities to the amount of 80,0001. The assets show 1vs. in the pound, which the creditors expect vUIl be realized. Large consignments to America, and the failure of a firm there with which they are involved to a large aimount, have brought about the calamity. Pig Iron.-The closing week has been remarkable for fluc. tuations in value of pig iron. On Monday the announce. nment that discount had been advanced to 7 per cent. caused considerable anxietv, and in efforts to realize the price of warrants fell from 65s. to 62s.6d. cash. Next day the panic was even more 5utense, sales being reported at 58s., but in course of the same afternoon there was more inquiry, the market closing firm at 60s. Since then prices crept gradually up under influence of brighter proapects in the money and stock markets, touching 62s. 6d. prompt cash esterday. To-daythere was again a smart panic, and for cash =X10 dayssales were made at from G0s. 6d. to 6s. 9d.,olosing without animation nominally at 61s. No. 1, 64s.; No.3, '9s. The re port that one of our local banks was very heavily involved with several large failures, and the resignation of the moaniager, have contributed much to unsettle our rmarket. fAdvortisement..] -To Parents and Teachers.-Some difflcalty has bren experiencedn finding books writteu in a style euffi. elently plain ant shimple to suit the capaelt'es of very young chidreu, a series of tales written hya Pros bant lady weU knowzfor hermuctea ful exertions in promoting the building of churchea in destitute Disats r.f Ireland; vwil be fotnd peouarlrs adapt-d for Instructing children ot fr,om two to five years. I Very Little To-ex for VerYy Lttal Cflldre,sn ln~ vords of from one to four letter3, two Eeries at Is. 6d.; and." Pr,- givessie ales,' in longer word twio series, at is. 6d. eaeh All areI ps4a4ed from lage types, vith vvoodcuts. 8ent free by i-o.k b7 Wasi,-| tsusnre andCoc., 25, ivy-lane. E 0., and all booksellers: also by Xh gaze la:;, Pilyste Derotloa fur Youn,, Peopvle," is. 6d. '
13BGISTRATIOr. 'TTRRTI V Mr. T. F. Macqaeen, the revising barrister, held am adjourned court at Lincoln's-inn yesterday morning, for the purpose of disposing of the list of electors for the parish of r, Holborn, on which a point had been raised of soLne importance (reported in The Times of Thursday last), the consideration of which had been deferred in order to prevent inconvenience to the representatives of the other parishes. Mr. HAM 0on2,D as representative of the overseers of the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, said the collectors of qaeen's taxes had objected (being electors upon the register) to a large number of persons who had duly paid all the parish rates but had not paid a quarter's assessed taxes due at Christmas but not demanded until March. The REVIsING BARRIUSTER said the point was a delicate one; but there was a preliminary to its consideration-viz., the proper notice should be given to the parties objected to. Had that been done?t One of the objectors stated that notice of the objections had been served upon the overseers, bat not upon the persons objecttd to. The learned BARRISTER referred to the 17th section of the 6th of Victoria, chap. 16 (the Registration Act), which prescribed the mode of making objections, and which reqWured that notice should be given to the persons objected to, -either personalservice or by post. addressed to the place of residence asset forth upon the register. As that had not been done in these cases the nature of the objection could not be inquired into. Mr. W. S. Mays, one of the persons objected to, complained of the conduct of the collectors, who had objected to 176 ratepayers. One of the collectors said they had stated the fact of the non-payment of taxes in due time to the overseer, who, nevertheless, had inserted the names in the register, and the collectors then considered It their duty to object. The REVISING BARRIsTER said the proper notice had not been given, and therefore the objections could not be entertained. The names were accordingly retained upon the list. The learned BAiRRISTrR said, before quitting the court, he wished to make a few observations in reference to some circumatances that had occurred in another borough. The Legislatare appeared to assume that the voters would at the proper period inspect the lists posted in public places as appointed by the statuate. That, however, was a degree of vigilance the want of which could scarcely be held to be censarable, for there was nothing to compel anv pexon either to procure himself to be registered or to vote when he was registered. The privilege of voting for the election of members of Parliament excited a lively interest in the minds of some men, while others regarded it with less concern, and some even with indifference. Even lawyers, the guardisns of the constitution, were sometimes remiss, of which an instance had been given in a neighbouring borough; but it wonld be absurd to impute blame to those gentlemen upon tnat account. There were, however, persons occupying official positions upon whom the Reform Act had imposed the duty of drawing up the lists, a duty which ought to be carefully and religiously performed; and when, as it sometimes happened, it was discharged in a slovenly manner, it caused great inconvenience and merited severe rebuke. It was extremely hard that, in consequence of a want of care on the part of the parish authorities, gentlemen who were fully qualified to be upon the register should be necessarily removed from it by reason of imperfeotions and inaccuracies in the lists. Mr. H&srmmoxD remarked, as some excuse for occasional Inaccuracies, that the time allowed for the preparation of the lists was extremely short. The XEVISLNG BARPISTER admitted that, but still considered that in some parishes there had been a great want of care. The Finsbury revision was then concluded, and with It terminated the annual labours of the revising barrister in the metropolis.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-From the late correspondence in your colurmns respecting the want of communication between the engine drivers and guards of railway trains it appears that the public have not cognizance of a simple and perfect apparatws which was invented ahout two years since for this purpose. It consists of a light metal rod fixed underneath the carriages, with a simple coupling at the end of each carriage, so as to make a continuous communication through the train. One end of this rod is under the control of the guard, and the otber is attached to a steam whistle on the locomo tiea boiler. The guard can thus sound the steam whistle in ease of need, and I caitnot but think that this svatem is the most simple aud effective that has been proposed. The small extra expense which this apparatus would involve has hitherto prevented its general use, the railway comparies preferring t) coetinue the imperfect system of cord communication, which is frequently neglected in the hurry of starting, or of attaching extra carriages to the trains. I know that the gentleman who has invented this new apparatus has used all the influence lie possesses to have it properly tried and tested, hut without success. It is, I be. rleve, now proposed to take decided steps to bring his invention before the public; and, in the hopes that this letter may aid in iudcing railway companies to give the general subject their consideration, - - I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. 'I.L V. I London, sct. i(.
TO THE EDITOR OF THEH TIMES. Sir,-Trusting to your powerful pen in always attempting to secure the publie safety to those who travel by rail, I beg the favour of your making known to the many who trav3l the state of things at a station on the Great Western Railway, which by your so doing may be the means of preventing an accident which alI who live in this neighbourhood are in daily fear of. At the Klrtington Road Station (a small one, no doubt) between Banbury and Oxford one man, and one man only, has every day to do the following duty:-He has to issue tickets for the up and down trains, frequently coming and going close together; he has six signals to attend to and four p_ir of points to attend to ; al passengers' luggage, to receive all parcels, to collect tickiets, to carry a lamp in the evening half a mile on each side the station, his office and signals in the meantime being left without any one; he has also to weigh up coal for the company and to load the corn trnoks. This latter duty is being every day less, as the corn is going more each day by the canal, for want of assistarce in loading, ite has also to put any horses and carriages on the rails. Now, Sir, how can any one man on earth do all this with safety to the travelers? As for myself, I am constantly on the line, as are a numerous quantity of people in this neigh. bourhood, who all stand in dread of an accident. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. A. A. UGw. £0.
FATAL ACciDE?NT TO MAJOR BARFOOT.-An accident of a serious character, which terminated in his death a few hours afterwards, occurred at Soathampton on Saturday afternoor. to Major Barfoot, of Midlington-house, near Droxford, Hants. The Major was proceeding ia his carriae down the Northam-road, when the horses took fright and ran away, and the galant officer jumped out. He unfor. tunately fell upon the back of his head, whereby concussion of the brain was produced. He was immediately removed to the Royal Hotel, and medical assistance was called in, but the Major never rallied after his fall, and he expired about 9 o'clock in the evening, after lingering for some bours in a state of insensibility. An inquest was held yesterday afternoon, at the Royal Hotel, before the borough coroner, and a verdict of " Accidental Death" wa, returned. Major Barfoot's only child, a daughter, is married to Earl Howth, of Howth*castle, Ireland. BREADSTCFFS TN AMIERICA.-Froui our market reports it appears that within two months the prices of ffour have fallen in this city from $1 25c. to $3 15c. per barrel upon different brands, the general decline being about $1 25c. Yet, in the face of this decline, which is still goin2 on, and in the face of the immense crops of wheat which are awaiting shipment from the great West, and in the face o this financial pressure, which is operating to reduce everything to its proper level, we are told by some of oar wise contemporaries that breadstuffs will be high in Now York this coming winter. And wherefore? Because of the want of the cash required to pay for the transportation of these breadstuffa from the West to the East. A few facts, however, are better than a tbousand empty theories; and as it is a fact that the grain producers and dealers of the West must paytheir debts, and must havethe money for their pro. duce, even at a sacrifice, we rmay safely conclude that the ways and means will be found for bringing the produce to market. Where wheat by the quantity may bn had In Kentackv and IlUinois for 40 or 50 cents a bushel, if our speculators and banks cannot raise the cash needed to bring it to the seaboard European capitalists will be very apt to have a finger in the pie, and we shall soon find their agents among us ruling the roast in the flour-market. It is bad enough to be threatened this coming winter with a general want of employment among the working clesses, without the additional pressure of increased prices for the necessaries of life wben the country is literally overflowing with its soperabundaace of wheat, corn, &c. Noo; when money is tight and high other things must come down, and when the great West has millions of debts to pay, and millions of money to raise, it miust appropriate its redundant supplies of wheat and corn, and et them to market, and seU at any price that will coll. mans the casoi. Hence we conclude that breadstuffs in this port and througbout the country wiU be lower through the coming winter cban during any preceding winter for the last 10 years.-New York ierald. FJS:CAPE FROM GAoL.--On Friday night last a lad named Grieves, about 18 years of age, made a daring escape from Stamford gaoL Sl'ortly after dusk he was placed in his cell for the night, and upon the governor of the gaol taking his rounds previous to retiring to rest he discevered the cell door open, and thq prisoner gone. Upon examination it was ascertained that Grieves commenced his escape by mounting some palisades; thences by an almost superham5n effort, ho reached the governor's sttting-room window, which was barred,and scaled the walluntilhecame to abed-roam win. dow, whenhe managed to gain the roof. We crossed the roof to the opposite side of the gaol, and after descending a spout alighted in the street. The wals of the prison are full go feet high, and some surprise is expresmed at his escape. Information of the cireumstance was immediately given to the police, and the boy was captured the following morning by the governor about three miles from Stamford, while waiting to see an elder brother to obtain a change of cloth. ing. About five weeks since Grieves made his escape from the same gaol by climbing up a spoat, and with the aid of a nail in the wall succeeded in reaching the tops of some houses, which he traversed, and finallv alighted by means of a spout into a gentleman's garden. l±en days elapsedrcafore he was captured on that occasion. Grieves is andea op1gU.S months' imprisonment for a larceny.
INDUSTRIAL EHIBITIoN,.-A young lady paesenger in one of the Mount Pleasant cars a day or two ago came very near getting the hats of aU the gentlemen, who noticed a singular and unexpected display of good sense and prudence on her part. On entering the car her dress caught, and was considerably torn, the rent presenting a very unhandsr,me appearance in contrast with the exceeding neatness of her apparel. As soon as she was seated she removed her kids, and diving into the recesses of a tiny pocket brought oat a needle and a bit of thread, after uniting which with most dexterous manipulation she set to work to repair damages, and very soon spread out the folds of her robe as complete and whole as if no acoident had ever occurred. The materials of industry were then re-deposited in their resting-place, and the lady assumed her kids and an attitude of repose, smiling triumphantly.-Bo8on (United States) Courier. [Advertisement.]-The " Best of the Fast-day Sermons," tV e I'Eramlter" s,ys. Is "hb Dr. Cumming. It Is free from aU maudlin Sestimtent' be spoke the truth, and spoke It boldly." The author's revised ana v'rbatim lerae type edition is publ^bed. with I others-by Hugh StoweL hrNelll Caamsan, ]BiT ho puB l d o w C trh -l i gutre. Dale, Moore (the Golder, Lecture), Dr. J. a. flUer. Archdeacon t-iclar. &. Sewed (or In packets for distributcon), Is. cloth, Is. Gd. cr. post free, one stamp extra, or snparaely, Id. esch. An allowanoc Of 30 per oent. made to Dsaries tas3ng a quantity for distribation. Also. prioe Id. the service, hymns, and sermon by the Rev. 0. HI. Snurgeon, set the Crystal Palace; price lId ; by poet. two stames-London, J A. erger. Queen's nead paasage,Raternost-r-row, and all bookseuer. [Advertisement.]-India.-Latest and most accurate inteDltgence.-" AUen's Indian all" coutalnw tutbenUto and Drivate news ftroX aU parti of the tbree Presidencies, together with corret )iets of the killed. wouned, and eecaDed, spMeial editorial articles, and the fultest Lnformstion on allmatters relattng.o*ItaoILodon, Willialm H Allen sad Co.. 7, Lead=ball-streeb, aaAAWulgy acd son, W, Cai'Cral-street, Strand.
SALES BY AUOTION. ARRANGEMENT of SALE, by Mr. MARSH, of one milefrom teW'okngSttoote t-est-rllaern cm g ao ons x- ~Irs DasSal, Tis ay (uesay),Ootber20.-The services of and table linen. ~ ~ ~ ~ U De Thir Day's Sale, Thursdey next, October 22.-Tke valu-able pictures in the enteanse-ball dMaing room, drawing rooms, end Ublbares, and the decorative furnituire. Fortis Day's Sale, Fridy next, October 23.-The reiasinder of the ~tnrs inpictre alley an ma We ail,theworksofut et and. virtu. Filt Da's ale,Salrda nex, Otobr I-The collection of stain. Eixhth Day's Sale, Wondanext.y October 28.-Tfhseliraryo book',. brew-house yard, hay, timber. anal out-door effects,f May be v4nwed this day, by catalogues only Iprice lsa. to admit two persons. t-o be obtained at the Mlansion and at Mr. Marsh's offices, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. J tnswue,6i-octase Pianoforte, by Collard, rggs'sFxts -and OLS Utensils, Drugs Chymloals, "o VOPLS SON, and RARDING will SELL by I AtCTI~sN atthei Roms,10,St.Paul's churchyard, B To-orrw, ctber21,at pmotall, BJRTURE, including tb-s usua apendgesforthebedchaber wanutand rosewood chairs and couhes chffnie, citneyelaaea 6it.B mhoany pedestael de. the rooms.~~~~~~~~~~~~ras Sml reodEstate, Aabr,Bss n auble _Freehold -Invet- Mh,R. C.PGHiE ietd oSL by AUCTION, ,V.atth Mart near th ako nlz,To-morrow, Cot. 21 at 12 (uxnless previoul dipsdo ypiaeContract,) a comoacj FRE!EHOLD) PRUPRYa abz,ne Shrivenham, on the Great Western Raiday cmisnarednce. coopasege, Stables, workshops, gardens, adpoofln:ett£125per annum, Also a well-secunrd FreeboldIveteto£6ayar arising from those trading gmisea, No. 22,Hg. 1to es to Mn.rmab,and in which a tveroetewnrobu May be viewed by permirsion of the tenants, andpriuashdo Messrs Lepard and Gammon, solloltora Cloak-ln,Lno;o h Berkshire property, of Mr. Goddard, on the Pteie,Ahuy h Cro%rn, Farringdon ; the Btarrington Arms, Sholvnhm;teVcoi Hotel, near the Station : and the inns, Swindon~ h uto at and the auctioneer's offioes, 6, silackman-street,Suhal,SE Derbyshire- very valuabl IaoladFehodEtt,cm piigthe towansip ofHugyenlyadabv100crso very rich and fertile land,diddit eracovnntfms Including thewell known Bnlyhl n stdeo.akfrs MESSR~S. MOODYadNWODhreuc TL leaue in aanosucn g that they arei ntorted oO Rb AUCTIN,inne lot, at the Ring's~ Redotel. Deryo id, Nov.l3,.tha,tmoat desirabl1 FRES OLD)and MANORIA SAE comprising sImos the entire township of Hungry Bente,ligI ring fence, with above 1,100 acres of very rich and fertile ed xed ingly well tenanted in a. high state of cultivation), and stae bu 12 miles from Derby, six from Ashborne, six from Utitoxeer and three from Itocester, aflrst class istationl on the North Staffordshr Railway The above estate is well timbered, situated in a. mee beautifu distriet, and approached on every ride by goodl roads ; aad.oetr the country gentleman, sportsman, or capitallist, affrdrs an opportunity of investment rarely to be met with. Particulars of sale will shortly bemleaed, and xah e bed from tEa newspaps-fi.th nsi he nieighbourhood Lithe auctionxeers Derby ; Yesar. [Simpson, sollottors, Deeb'y; and Es W. Wilmaot. Esq., Buxton. Holowa an lslngon-Thee esiabl, ight-room Leasehold Hones,fccInvstent er Occupation, held for long Terms at low eronds etimtedtoproduoe a renta of £30 teach. lii B T PLI wllSELL by AUCTION, without LVJresrve atGarawa'sCoffeehoure. Charge-ailley, Corahill, on SOuSteS, intsepar ate lets, knwanNv Ipos. 2eudlz. Weitiilnrkn.Hieec prpet ~s recetl b-uPlt and wel-nshd. MAyLbe beedgn day court, Gay'noinc th Meos. Puatteron ands BLongTRnS DAY,Old Broamuorehwam1o2e TBefrhiturewlr Furnturyae,acstlnDrwistng-roome dies &c~~~~~~~~~ie M&R. HUOIVIAS FO wnd SELyAUCTION, ato the cat ponWtinane Bakofti Sngand, onThuSDA,ad n Oto-e morrwat 12. h f ur1avrn eitre wnsupidle aledn westHL endLK house, aENdsOfthelfirst-cllassTistday's salte ompersesf the Fea costlydawing. ranoom ie androwewlpopodtanedambrwik,th lange chimneyooand pibray eghtsbesdinngrooma furbnitr, dandthe ofurnitureorprincipalh bvedysham. bn erl,sincludingcaitalu wigared wardrbeso v o-morow' sal te wayll saml:e, an furtheulrsprto ofd athe furitur an the ConLouht-onor arlle. TraindStg fromdfodingandfo WofMpron Ones mile auromothermansion an streto gn,9,Baooa&re ihn tligwel.ow,t Sthreemiles romth odor Staaiyr~ i~Iond anrod wti Pola lIRTOM SFXwilSL by AUOTION,omoowOc.2 , at Ilrtey h x Arabiathe Martn, opp osteedstheBanks, Egland,onathursdayan Ocitobler 12.dat 12 fabor,a very desharende EaSnOd dr F-ables chm ey l. deedNgE gellghtfuil situate contthebodersofothe, orelst.ndcontainin haromet and ruell-promnetioned drawing gande dining roomsL, lriobrar, beigt befdroomrs, ftcen,derandfieeirvont'is, repleute ith~ ever cointigs verintceboexcellnent.sabina,glsndcach-h ouse oPlawe n, pleatuedgroundes. andtwell-stockbedomad kitchens adn a mqbeieedsuti thye viwdayon salor~ofoe, and catclr ad tthlges Martonthe Crown,se Lougheo ;Audfared SatagLHghgre, Woodiorap; and of Mr. Toa x.uCotioee, theousei Appos,t Stainsby- teoade- tiayra,EstIdara,Ppa M R.t y ATCTOR T-mrowwctW1 atL 1y preCTIOel,atthee- ARabonoraon,and other lbedsead, goos feAY,ther bode andsut,able bedding,lmarbe STOpOwasheTanDsand dressing-ables, chine Ppandom chests of0 dreawes,fanera and00 fireiones,,wnamountais Dokipintbing, printboks Belinen chiool las,dm au fedewloisofp,t &and plste arices nducthe urofa be croom aing t y kachndr ewquisites. WMay be viewed o the iomngay ofhae, and Catalogues onb hda the preomiss;audoftheAsc autionMart, 8, Cih-ster-eamer, ,htehaper; ndofwM.Costh ug byTo. dookellers waione.Lqers. andBrlnumWools Dealer. lIR.GHATCHAwINESEL bynoAUCTION, atL tYheC Ye.rth Rooms, teaHIg Httonbon ThISaY ne the Octhblust2, at U1frf precisely thcoutofte STC-nuTRs,beof lMrs. a he vdery hoof opi momer pUrlsing 0 eamsbpaperi6000 eaognv elopeds,accountgbooks,rime baers,ierli twool,r draptlwinged,wandroeedlwck , -avble,tof wnoBauds duplites, ofva andiroulatiglasser, andra fwigro fixtues.Ina banttevewed onaMonda, etheo c.0har, calogu es oto ershadaatkheroms,aind fof three auctioneer, 5, Chapter-chambershPaternoster-row. Chandlier, beatifu tond Piaofore,-ithreeon,taimpovcminas by Bard,Se' ozen01 Wne, quers,andnuerouswe Itemros. w IAlL TalN.Ton bthie PremIses,NoRag Donem eVllatts,deaide-road nearthe ampteadStaton,onthursda. et olr2,a 1fr1 peieyon aruto the Peie,Genumberofot, N lithe voreryshoiet modeaynh Tol-gate and a fembracingfrmahoeaneybestadswand htangins prImeDA bTesdding,Otwobvery20captal winged2 wardrobes,o mArbl-to wasl flnds, tables, yhealandatoilethgasereets,atdawingro suiter csrint walnud ree,o tabrles esof1chaveise,couchs, effnes daak uta ins for thatibe ree win dos finte pauctonchimey-glases, twot crpnystalwacu ttiohnder ogs ne Winsel Mecharpts, T rugs,oillth enderivand Gfireero, nd,otable irs andmolrvhal fromtinssandlrdomeistic dartcls.-Bly o ro he viwe t-mrrow. Ctlogeson.-t holepremiser;of fMetsrs. ElinsanCo, Lqosolicnitos,12 atsothe cutiae's offiues, Pisck or-s, re Eao-qar,ad1212b MESSRSW. JOEWS, e. wll SELL by AUCTION, o LV nthe Premises, G0reendn-stresWit Ho-orso.Ocoe-st21et,narthe2 T5 oz.at,end ofewolo l PacsRom StepozenRalwf Station, THISt DpaYn ihtaerayle, Ocobek2, atd 11gudy br,a qndies, oforGs, wosol fleck, o sicles, gaunnsy,tandka fewOther effects, tak enuinde rodi eraityofand re. oved fgecnvlemnieuncero al e. Catao.Ctaguest ea atithe sapremises,r Arce,Wtd werdet atdo the auctine'Ofie e ttpuy ailweyrstati,on.oawl. BroghOn.- F hoeehcell ar oirst-calassceWines,Liqors,eBrandis ~IrSR. LEWISE will SELL by AUCTION, on M LThuPrEdiss,yi, Ocobedon.-directi-orrow,th Ocutober2st,rawe12 uindoen w ot choieol PORt,e0 duoze ofrt1 Sorhery,Clreet, sprkigtng Catpagfor3 Hok vlande BuRgudy bLDrandiesC, ors;also4 casnd ofn picle. s3, aucnes,ptruce, cgloc, nd efets the genupaionerort of a psd-nnt snlategentleman,0uner amnexumtioune.nctalogues ihsampe at Obara. archer,aWicnchstrstet;aond ofn the aubtainedoNews,.22, onord. Back, Brldgheemn.-Preehtol MiUarin Tta Resiene., 2th Thosgcorioo stret, LndEn wfars 6illaa,SELL, byd AUCTIOa N, olet Ond Jnewr Lndn;atdOctober.21,tdrectionficof;the etrutee futoumrtsal 336, NOrth-street, BrJght-sieet,Brigton Mi 22 arn-paae Brgtni hcuralturenfa g-oodtvenoant, onlaeat£6 e ST Annumm.Pseio tEnL bey a aUTION, anms andeFreeman, rebr 1 TeWilliam Tab v aq. 22-ra, ThreDhorton.- icTU, Loindo, nd efres. M~llayd os and vi reeman, solicitors, had oldih Drewrye,sL:ndon'fnda Mr. AStr ee'soffices;tthe estatebauctio mdlart, 116,Norh-eree,Bin'ghton. t,J eahr nbeCefotr SheVerd' bu M didnzes Houshon,ld ockrnitae,o theocBeedoRtog Ppedgemitanoeforte, nobzebra woodoe, 2ucdr C. cs MPI.ST3R&NSWM wl SELL by AUCTIOAN, athi buohoTHs;DY atO1, aL smalls qburcyanTI A,c0tityofHOSEOLoIU.N lowFamilies Fat1preIshely, an elegant assemblage ofnal new HoUseI- hUE;old F rnitueaidg EffIret,cnitn ofrToaDing ngroom SueCoeediaiten cn overed inStin, dining room ditto O ina eathmarnble Cy hefons Poscinfo,ovrtd5s, Sat er Brnzs Chinba,rClockh Dalothe_ bedaRom mAppend age,sitaobuefranblcue mawithoen,rOut-dormth Efets,wo,1ae 7L Boomse e 0 S3ote chiul'sachurchLar THo Da , bontzes, andb fol.re lowngday a 12prcials, a eegat sseblge of usfulDUBBI-r TUB;oonprsinawanutree~0e~00 ~toov~ivia~ Wills-TheL-olctam Esatate Manor. ansidor, Vanea, Woods, am., Fishery, the Ithole 0ontlaining about US0 acres of remarkabli due Land. MESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST H bae lelyedlnstetim to fferfor ALEat thelVart, on Priday, October 23, at 12 o'clock,In one lot lreg. previonely dls- osdofby pivate contract,J see LACK ij ATaxth wth tbe ~Inrof Lackham. a v vlal TAE it. cnubeSi omplete freehold property, grat lithe free and parzt lend-tax zedoeeed, situate in the perish of Laock, in the fertile vale of, and about three miles from. the oapitl marktt towni of Chiopenham, three miles from Mfelkeharn, six from Devizeg, and 14 from Jiath, in aL favouiteprt of the counti of WiALltsItcomprises ahandsome and subtant l-buiat Stone man. sion. of uniform elevation, delightfaull placed on a gentle eminence. a caohedii by an ornamenta entrace, lodge, tkroughi Shrubbery v ttosnrich patures, aud--omsnnding %bhe most picturesque scenery. It contains 15 pzinci,s and secondary bed chamber (some of large dimensions), three dreesing rooms boudoir, and convenient elosets, with water laid on :on the errincipes floor, an ineloswd porticoo enrnoo etibule bng wme n i,'pacious iuner hal 26 by 20, eating with an elegant drawing room 30 by 23 ',h0 doors throuLghout being chiefly mahogany), ope11ning to a handsome atone colonnade, anid overlooking the rich park-like grounds; on the west tide a sludy, gen. tiemmana dresial room. billiard room, bath room. turning room, and westeg-closet. The domestic offices include a lofty kitchen, servante' hall, butler's pantry, store roomn rwos,d1.U,wtalg larder, and drq arched fio, ber nd s eda on. tith laremet rn the wesnwg, stabling frnn horres, and a loose box, Standing for four carriages, harness rooms and loftt, with paved yard inclosed by folding Rates, and the whole of the Dremisee are amply suppled. by a never-faillinvininz of fine water. The flower garden Is tatefully disposed, var t lawni, with an elepant fountain in the centrm, broad terraco and shrubbery nvalk, conservatory, walled kitchen garden well stocked and clothed wPil fruit trees gardencers cottage and orchard, lending to a highly ornamental wood, forming an exoeilent preserve for pheasants, and intersected by dry walks and grams rides ; sals the inereral Farms. known as the Park Cuekoo-buoh,anNot Frs witht farm-houzes, end all suitable fa3,bjldao o ottagns FarmD. gether with numerous inclosures of exoeedIngly rch pasture, and Sml at arable land, the whole containing about 553 acres, let and othfaretmted annual value of £1,200 irrespective of the mnittion,woods, and fishery. The estate la bounded for abotut three Miles by thebeautiful river Avon, whichoaffordsthe exclusive right of Ilahery and wild fowleshooting. It isin the neighbourhood ofthe bessociety, In the heart of the Duke of Beaufor-t's hunt, approached by good roa-~s within II ours' joruneyof the metropolls, and altogether present a moost desirable domain adape for the immediatB receDtion of a family of thefirst respectability, Mabybviewed, andparticulams,with plans, shortlybhadat the principal inns at O1dppeuanbs,Daevizand Bath; of e,u&Hariaiiand Pinch, solicitors Gray's-' atth Mat ad f ies.Nortoa, Hoggart, and Tcut d WojBod 3treet, Royal Exchange. Woods andCottoces,extendl.oraoun 1.930 acres of and, ESTAmS, stuatein te parshesofaPrston Cendrver, wrtdlPlreon o alagtokd anPi rm lfr,al beautfladd iep rio-nknwnas PrestonHue apn oce yaerlae4se ihpe top Of the mansion; vestiueoeigit nInrbi prpitda a billird room, secondary itbrary commuiatngwta td,ilpo portioned dining room 30 ft, by 22 ft. 6, wt avdokcrie on muntcatlag with the principal Ilbrary Oft, by 22 ft8,whflgto stone steps opening to the broad terrac walks ancom iat lag also with a drawing room 21 feet 6 by 21 feetprnia and secondary staircaes, gentleman's room washingrembahom to. ; capital and convenient d0mss_l Offlice,andecelu arched cellarage, detached brewbouse, laundry, store and wood houses stbling for eight hormes, looee box, harneis rom, and lofts over, standing for three carriages, chaise-houw to.; beau tifu laWns, and eXtensive shruibbery walks, omaanatAcu with'stately timber, florwer garden laid out with great taste; and at a short distance Is a hWigly productive kitchen garden, partly walled! inAMeey pah home, melont ground and shoed, togetner with ti-n r1s. Park-likU lnd LImmedtately surrounading the mansion and gros.,;-. and studded with clumps, of ornamenta trees together with the Home Farm, a comnfortsblo farm-house, all necesmry ctua buiildings, two Cottage and Gardens end eaveral en o& of excellent arable, meadow and pasture land, the whole containing 612a. Or. ip Also, a k!slt.lsouse, several Cottages, Gardens, and Small occupations In the=vlaes of Preston Candover. Let 2. Bradley UDpper Farm, togethert wit the Manor of Bradley, with Farm-houce, agricultural buildings, several cottages and gardens, In the village of Bradley, and numerous enclosfures of arable, mneadow pasture and wood land. The whole containing, O2Sa, Or. lOp, Lot 3. Mrdley Lower and Southwood Farms, withi a. ubstanttally-bult farm-house, nearly new, coDnvenient agricultural buildings, a farm cottageanad buildings, and niu- MEroSnlSuReS. ofaRabTO eao,patr, H G And, wodand , TR he wholereotinigvOe. ir.ntin topoTher forStAtes arelt toe Mrespectable teayOts23aatvery lo renals,aMay bREEviewD ,,andptarticuas wInthe Dlanzsha at thea angel, Bseven tokes frGorgeLlo Wincheter:ofa ?,tngrr andke. DaInteon olctyors 18,tg Spmridng-gardens;rtablhe are; ndofs Mesmsrs carton lodge ard auUdndgeat, toeOe ld Bevroal-etrsl ojal r-so am leands,meadwlandah teFreholdeam ontaWinig bu 99 acres,.n h oojrEtSoSoRS.BroRTON,Y b viewed, T iLdpUaandshTrItlbe at thae prnceipal innsatruciosptokfe andL aiceter the Meagrt. Donni Dvdsyot.2 sollat 1, Iavalcribn 9dens; at teMar&ct; an In them pa lhoggael, abourit sve mViles fromadltet. oyand1 fEomhasnge. bar,, ar logean rAinc,t to ndherwitoeea enln ueso M EaiSandmedo lNdORTheNhol cOntiiG AboT acres T inTh haececue itiationsoM.Brad tayb vifewed,r Bandparticlr shoMrtly hn vlatbteprnil inns at BasnRaOke and Winchster;n the Mesrs.o DormHopins, aihnd iackmoret dsoancitors Beameshordcho andrs bo.wded bytb Dotavidon soltudicos 5 andc-gardens, at thlsue ofartb; and,o and two Bet-auhaFehl ottages donn,tgto andh two Inclo sures of vaubewoodled kowaahave receive Cpinestrcton toe woffer forntaining aot the am-ar, on th F urtoaofMIdt g n M ooay. Octoberieed valu abtlearsE adatth rdeviOsl cold eby pivtheconract ad TY, situtein the pais of Been-J hjaam, witin shlaortdisance ofa thee Marnthuc, sud bounded byrthe, rotigw ubulIns and gardeo.n2.01,Ban notsreof. akabI lxand, ndtw cotags djinng tgehe wthtw iclStr of valabe woad konas BloIen opcs"tewoecnann a bsout fi acese i theocupaio ofArRStrng and Trolwy.Myb Iewed andbartiulrse adtthiWit fart SALLE,bury the HMare,and Founday, Olobeirmsta th2ala3otl talg*O o Bfandm Ee. oiio,kaig tteM Ndo fMeesrNro rLnolnsbLre.Valeale reodFr,stat oteIaib Alomet adcotinn aot 1 crsofp feland.utin 1UfE 26Sares. NORZ,HO FieT and oldRaST b&yI hv resectbeiveda inntoat ofetren frSA , at5 per Martm,ond o rid~aay, fcoel 1,at ded vlabl e vReweHOd, ESTTE sar itateha Insthe lanthb Wesnt, BotheUa,n near e olewaroke, aoutemI anineile coudsnty soflincoin tors nisteo apL emas f arm-houe garden a nd o productiveorchgard, ham, crart,horse and nrag-stabeing oartlode gxcangry Wpigetiret.; toehe r IA ~ with evfaeralwitbncltser ofcaita ofbi auntor ricso,L,,,and th wold.extlying oexeeingl acomat,ad stan ESSaot 8aRes, INORTheOccpaio H OfGAR.Tcr, e l andTIS highly erespctbe tednant,uataolea netro offe £11r A per annum, Martnd oFerinda,L Oate l23,andedinvesment.iMaone viewed and" vartcuabls bad1 atOthePeaock,Bost non;wall, threLittle: ofd T Eomate,smithuaoteyin Etqhen pargenofLit,e BodothOoltghnea ooNewrk of WMes-surr.outdad b. Davda, stlIctiors 18onn;a the MugdsdRartng bandh of thessres, Nodrtoo,Rowary. and aTout, 60 mOlesBroradI-otreetnoyt oochangea.a exceeding co fortable icre lae oer 2 cn acrengs.iiin acmo £Y. hare rg reclve aistrucin tgaofer and Sawn at oth Mart, onc Friday, podctver3 aitchenoclck iadn one orlotr, av valableng ooahou5. HOcL PRfoPeRTY, nown aos th LittleyBed,wind aat e,situfatemi bthe parsh of vlttle bedwkin,intecat o fes walter o rmrrmnuded b thRe estate oh Marnd arod~ensb onlye 'Wthrevermilesnfromsthesun. fexoefetarat e,pathre,ungrrd nandReland.ingtbranchedofythe Great woodsanplaandtabiout 60dmiralesdfropLodfon. Ith compervaisesan gaexeedinl omortable i rheewholenupconaining 9 slricieit accommota- ocuand aofleea M fr.i.n- hoite. w arsyd anld t allmnecrssary farm. Mrous acottaesa ohisagadns,dogether wthseerfalo eC7cianum, o irexellentfatabic, datr, pandtmadiowsland,ointsroeahchtebthiinbgd There is capltal eheotog, and the estate is closeato the vale ot Berke in the Immediate nelgbboulsood of the oelebrated pack oi- foxbounds f'or merIy hunted byAshton SmithbEsq. May be viewed by application to the tenant, and particul-abs ad, 21days orirtosale, attheBHear In, Runzerfod .theRhallwayHRotel Beadig; the White Hart, New. bury- of John DtogwaliF- solichitor, No. 5, Tokenhonse-yard ; at the ida~rt; and of Wmissrs,Nodon, Hoggart, and Trist, 02, Old Broad. street. Royal Exchange. Ilomford, PAseex-By Mr. W. E .WHITTPINGERAM. at the White HArt Inn, Romford, To-morrow, October 21, at 3 o'clock in the afterneer, in 413 lots, QEVENTY-FliTE acres of valuable Freohold BuLild. kiIng and Accommodatioa land1 with CottaLge, Stables and Barns close to the mnarket town of ouncerd, and aejotong the Romford Railway Station. Laud tax redeemned.' The b2dtag lots are situate on ellmad rads wih ecelen drinae,and afford opportunities to uiler an mebes o buldng ocitis and.others to make eliibl Ineetent Te acomodaionland consusts of 17 acres of astreand42 crs o arbI, i coveient to the town, end poseses om peularl dsirbl ciesforbuldig.Particulars may Baznet; Herta.-By Mr. W. B. WRITTINGHAZL, at the Auction Mart, London, on Tuesday, October 27. at 12. TJ~E P1t~ f vluale reeoldBuflding Lanid, and -L Fur obetatialy bilt emi-etacedaouses, with gardens at fron an bak, itute o th ne Basetroad, and within fire minte' wlkof heBamt tatonon heGreat Northern Railway. For artculrs upl toMr.Ril, bildr,Barnet; at the Rallway Hote, BrnetStaion; attheinn in he eigbourood atthe place of ale o toMr W.If Whttoghm,14,Morgae-iret,London, Enfield, Mlddlesse-By Mrl. W. P. WHITTIINGH AK t the Auction Mart, London, on Tuesday, Ortober 27, at 12, VOUR lotsof valuable Freehold Building Land,and oL ox uftlally-buIlt semil-detached House, withi gardens, ad. Joining the town of Endeld, and within fire minuLtes' walk of the churc and rai lway nastion. The occutier ef each house holda a fre railway tiekzet between London and Enfleld, whicht the Eastern Counties REviway Company promise to renew for14 years, PrDparticuflars apply to Pr .llover, Chaseai-sde. Enfield; at the plae of eels; or to Mr. W. .Whittinghams, 14. Moorgate.o etEO Bsckhurstbhil,mear Woodfor-d, Fsrx.-By Mr. W. B, WHITE'PI&G. HAM, at the Auction Mart, on Tuesday, October 27, at 12 for!1, in three lots, QIXTEEN Acres of valuable Freehold Land, consist. ta Ig of two fields of pastue land and one of amable (land-tax redeemed, situate between the Bald-faced Stag and Roebuck Inns, sand. wit ln five mm utea' walk of the Buckhiurst,.hill Station, on the Lougton Hallway. Particulars and conditions of sale may be ha of Mr. W H,Wbittingha, at the offilceof the British Land Company, 14, bMoos-gate-street, If C 'at the place of sale; qf Mr.Holweli, WOOf,. ford sand at the Inns intih7e neighbourhtood, Neptune Brewery,,Broad-street, Batellff-To sirewe rs,Pb-licans, Coopers, B3ottling Merchants and others TR-HORNOASTLE will StiLL bYv AUTCSTION. 12 o thciel Peiesysabv,o Wednesday, October 21, at lifer 12nc porteIeyr0 CA-SKS, from buitte to Pins; 260 barreis, l, sot and poter; ix erly n2ew 100-barrel stoe vats, 13 7-bayrre rounds, fitted with brass9 cocks; sougle and double Purmbase grabs, with chain, On, and can hcoks ; a Portable lift and force pump, with jigging tank'25 lgrets Of empty bottles, 110 quartter ks,li sall55 quantity of patessj end other malt end hope; aLiso about t0dozen of ale, stout and porter, In quart aed pint bottles ; aquantity of corks, buings, allv and spiles, two splendidt rowerful geldings, dray, and an excellent town-built cart, on springs ; two sets of harniess two sack harrows, and every Othexrsequisite for carrying en the business of a brewer. On view iwo days prior to sale, and catalogues had at the Bqul Inn Ad' gate ; Queen's Read Borough - Yorkshire Grey. Stratford . Ack Swan, BoW ; WhLite ilart, BomUor: Globe, Rtotherbithe il~tfoym - B. Bstard, I sq.. solIcitor, 9. Rood-lane, city ; place Of sale ; and 4i the austioneer'soffice, 2301, High-street, Poplar. Important Sale of a Portion of the valual Stc.CpyiheE- g:yed. SWe Pltes, Woodblocks, and SeotpPlesfth'late .QOUTHGATsi and BARRETT beg to announce - that tey have been favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTiON, at their Rooms, 22, Fleet.rtreet, on Friday, October-23, end six following days, at 1, a PORTION of the well-known, highl Interesting, and valuable STOCIK, vary important CopyVrights, and Steretype and. Engraved. steel Plates of tbist eminent publisher Mr. David Bsge'oomprisig the entire remaindersaofBrandon's rnayi of Gtothic Arrihltecture 2 vote 4to, and the sine plates, woodcu2 n copyright !Bradon's 6pen Ttmber Roofs of the MiddleAgee,4o n the 06horapbio stones and copyright; Brandou'es Parish hrey -vla rolyal 8vo., and the zinc Plates and cprgt ivv ' 'gfh Cathedrals, 3 voteL Imperial Svo,, n h etereotyoc and 189 steel plater; Le Reux's Memorials of Cambridge, vols, demy Byo., and the steretype and steel plates, woodcute, and copyright ; the Authors of En g lad, anLd the steel plates and copyright, - lunt's Beauty of the Heavens. and the copyright and lithographic slones; Btirnet on Landscape Painting. 4te. and the cODPright and stel plates ; Burmet's Hints on portrait painting, 4tO., and the copyright and steel plates : Burnet's Turner and his Works, 4'o., andi the cosyright and swel plate - B3umet's Rembrandt and his Works, 4to,, ano the copyright and steel yltei ; BYWn's Works, illust-rated editoion royal 8vo. ; Consica Stor hook, 4to., and the copyright and woodblocks ; Cooke's Rome, 4toe, and the I steel plates - ,oyor' Drawing Book of Animaisa, and the lithogrbapi stones CDoper's Cattle Suibjects, and the copyright the Court Albuim, s vote, Ste.,and the 96 splendid steel plates to the eight series - Ib'nngEks foi Boy end Girls, and the stereotype plates, woodblodk and copyright;: Heroines of Shakepeare, and the 4 sfteel plater; Lanaaca rjeamtey%, 4to., and the 20 steel plates ; Miler's Day in the Woods, theb or right ; Millier,s Pictures of Country Life, anthcoritadwoblocks - MMlers Beauties of the Country,anthcoyit; ilns roetlcQ Works, 2,vouLa 8vo. ; Rhymes an Rueaesn aieOf O,unter Lite, and the woodblockBsand cprgt afsaeDuta tis~sto heWaerly ovls,2 ol, Oa. adebisstst esfiakd City Aetiogand atte OMfos t.Puty PETER 3ROAD ree a the at alsiiosof essnaeeking for sate and 2rogIbl InycedgeoaO to the followl.u.Ot saversaalu,.bl a5 efogabooleto sale ath. ucton osie te Rank Of =oglnd, HIS DAY, Dalsosr-SsureI evldsvst,met ~forke bol aile,a PETER BR i S°EL bU I khe Mart, THISDAY. Oat12obe1, tlol~Tc eusmodrodeugot ituate on le3 aI weind~o.1 P latnd of, Mdltner sBoptena-sordrtDculrron podnig 1 ranu.My' b viwd en petnlrsot;in I solictor, J. H, Cheaty bero aIt, at q, slctr 6 nvriy ztruncloee' atSG Ah Mrout; n fte utoer2,Puty IHn anowe-"Broain, d.dl Doon}kN. 2lLeasbeneherod lawveet. 114R. PETER BROAD il SELL b AUCTION, OcS-be ttb mark °Poate the Bankr of En TaIt DA. ' fO PUMiRtr faddtltng yon, prodrucing a nt nom o 3310.pe anm. a e oabu 2 ..1s_ ero oftnant, Partlca,lare Of R7 H Shmith ain Za.slbiorn 8,torvnt.tet St Pec. at Ith }Mar1t; an& No. a AnnetterewsBooent, ezeraaG, gtson.t 1\/R~~na lot atg° O45> e anntum. 3tOLD~~~~~~~~~2 & 12-ul Lw3 bold;h8edaat lrv rond en, poducig 8 er satmun.-Ab- M 4 . PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, OctoteMr,T1 &,Ober 20, at 132 the above ealuableLAEHD E,Is el rellabuilt DWteef abOutiSy and urB-wo.v erinplgaet olos. Onwit. Tipeatoofpie vtyakeittondleasseatfA8s>erxanu>uL On about P82rice.lprganm atclr of Messra.Te.l uK.amelan Smilthoand S ng,2,Hbreet n :t toe oMart. or of tbe adctioneer, 28, P oolut y Chertte' 8urreo.-Freahod, IeBlol sa Reef' PETER 'BROAD will SELL by AUCTION ..l.YJat the M THIllS DAY, Oetober 20, at 12. a walusble PLOT Dr IRHOLD RESNDENCE, Nro.3 nessrentag f7 Low ICertc-groad, lelod o deDt n lbOs fo r aleeto nd term aalog rboutan are and soadngr fromdangfor earienutural Durpow £40 per annu nume buvet byf p pxrzc of oonatderable valule. PoEsoasn me b bad st hrm rjio.Particular,ba of Mr. Heanrd, grolctr, 7,e t elsy IgtoeMart or of the antioneg ert 2 : Poultry Z DeN ord Sealbut.-pirod ' ndtiuctIve Lsent Cormnemobesso. Id.X oXtes zn!Oall0pR511ar, 6nother& -AbFolate8sWe. M R.'-it- PETR BROAeDeWI BELL by AUCTION, aansyt the MArtin MtI TEIa, oearl 20opa 1, the ae ei iobe thel built DEASIEOLDE TATE t and SPit g Nos. IS torgl trc t.u The pren-tr olt ncter wil Ltaekeb itne leard, at odu8ine a nut Ovimewo _8pe zu. Parteicuedlratirias of Meer.TreladCabrla. solicios, Thoaaiga-treet, atw thMatorfhe eautioner28,& Poulctry. Chertd, a Olvcy Surety.-Preebold Bnuiding land frU. e IL PETER tBROAD will SELL bY AUCTION . at the Mart. THI DA at 12r, a Daluablet PLOTf RBEHOLDLN LAND, withuaffi,frontahe to of 75fe nOetwcyrotta, . aI depth . of EHAI aot20,ndoprSluTaOut, and acre and uater a netle csidero n ublevalue a tte, seoanr y o beohd t Ridtin, Plumutead-roaa; of lT. Haynord Ece, |Tocntor, aesy nattber 19rt; ordoftheaauctIo eneerer,8PoPolr.r y. tnfrd, 01et.- 1ro t. easholod I ne ent r meY be6 o I2Suitiog SocietIes, Dra t andn thes.- t M R PEERBROAD will SELL by AUCTION, ac t the arcti TE- Ie Ston Octber0.d, at 1, iorn on l OnVlent.Gol ndSilver, Bb echebi Bl lt o lat . Cl 'Cks atbe, . and ron nometehrona, egul D"Wi4pedg-mle, Gold Chain, TrSkete, &a., th oSSRS. DEH HAMODTTOR,ST , and SON eg1 to 1,clusive, Snn eetD bne la theCrekbrid D tor proni nya8ef luesdo£, poe annumi. d a berewed.arNovemnber 1l Thotnas-tre, nhea Mnthe property: of H y Preetn, Req. ctr Pinmated,y Wovemb, oer t.-ruedy ol Building Land foto 1 ne idB. Pi:A1RE hss reeved Sale. t SLIb suez£lay, Novmber t WeDr°5sdne day,bl November w2 h MR. PETER BROAD wll SBELL by AUCTION,o AThur satte Noarmet. P trt12 ThYrlar y, a pnot of Fm e or26 chIDN LN, suflen fo h rcino w otge s, Catanlo EsiRtatB.in Butcher'le, b dearle opposity the Red. LPra dreekn Covet-arm nea, Octe r2 o d.a187rtruarathe e Lof n T.n21.BSghUo7ryno. ae d ao;tor Weinet e&atheSe, No S nat taret;-eC=o4 and octe3utoneer, *ho, Poultury. ot petterS tanau n.-Abeolte salern aF. BR OA N w /ill SELL by AUC-IO and 2 to 2, Wlneor-pace2f OlDrKent AT Octbemap a a1.nadte Cart,uHIclo~ welocRoaoalsellD[otoexlent Floenar Brooduring22 pLouedannm;eheld for abu l8yarse cexpirent,i atd lo groudret.tatiuar en condtionsk of saeofk slAesred,BWacltson antoewlctr, ovse steelad Cbnonoeermth 1 atcthes Marto Est,SilvR,Shefed. n D Eloctro PlTO. lok, Watces Chro-f SEing-stre t, eet-srdeog.Kn g-t. oetgre EI AY e g S ^ t~~~~~~an ONbgo deemie for l b2 te aboldo at theI RoMube onES ~rnmts Tchurda. thew2 roh instheWednee ay. Tuesday,- Golembe 5. Thurday,Noveber 19.~wt anTueoaylNovembe 10.ut Weesed Vnerda, Novembrer 25.tin Thursdx ay,chem'byrBa1ws, threrien edarlsNovembe beat. Catlogues ofratis valhuda a taler opnrgiew(9 tho adaypiolr. -King etsBEt L a Coet-earen Roct.s20 1807.eCvetgrduo Wd Thixalsuperb br,le sJu no ckleof eancient and m drern Pla t t udors jng ing.case, withever fitings a ouble GnwbyhMat inverc MESSRS. DEBENHIAM, STOER, andi SON will BL.aUt eir oN,s atshi Rbooms, on 2 Tzaday, ath 22fo 3 pt.rocise45, lthe aof msFlFeCT.-lnstre OctuAL.2, 1897.n hefil plthieyd ceutesb dibrillant Hoead, Oalment spon,f olds,ngliab ( Stone-rcs, caut-magni , cnt Brillian Emerlaldand CarbncevaBroche thre maemrabl ffeinenBrglliganDropsec, aBilant le Buhyaind,omerald lasonp, dRose Diater,ond oernBooh the etcs foloured gol,erawild petuds,a luiargeeBrillis antpPineaandadingmormery th propet of thew lateDukeof Yrk,salenddBaelet, Rings ote andOhrJees R. PSEA.KE iEsAM STORedbEM,&.J and SONwil M HarELi a tot Rooms b ingAstreet, Cpovn t-grdem Ism s TDAYo, aot 1 oer t12, theabovUhRlyvLUableTIO ofWI,,theronmeNTer, Watches. Ac Cwo viwew rom2 cam.hrss Catcalouetgatisy,apa.o, notViectw. th Gold n andSlvrWaes bery ne, igtynesu E cM'ae and exo',r andtiNgwmandi, ablinute is,empeterb Vicare,a Qartnner Repeatinr Duplexts.WaytcW vaiewed threemln rientalPe,arls c atnlges, obeautefulMr Pewkelsoffgreatvalu, aTSlve-rrEpeeg, B.So. ndohe elc Item,.-A mmR m- Brml . Ote DzenieBWe oflaMk, STORs, and SOtNti wndPro MIT) thMoo osrKn-sre.ioet-nge nWen. day 21t nst, t i a agifien ERLL AI rTmSeVINt ofBOOCH, nevoal epoe br'ele nckletes rins, ind res pabkst stuDs yen-w oure,16 oldandcorl uttns or 15dwt,. angodbo fst r.epkees, Be. 4 r. dt.,a et f fve nael nd tlontwaistoathbtos wt a rub an billan loke, a6-igh slve ant roelarm neeg '9 o,theaad omiaeexot, Yonkars ,cae u 4o. aebses gl ting e,la 183 olnk. aysdecn oewt lvrftig and acoa usetyulote effects.O ve. On ixlow.-vn Orientl PlefrtNecklacerg ee-szeeOey, -katch,and -wot Gold Chronom eters, Plate, dPla itedfGod, c-Kr ren .eet oe ~fSSRS. EBENDA,SOE and SON will SL yAC MLE. SEOL, at theirlag Rooms, as aboe,monTursday,ethe Idltoxisq.ata lii 450 LDteof toITURneond VAUABEMS; comprisingfShefpoeld platedncentes dhend obrbdeal,covers,fsilverbespoons,betdrns. waolts toashts-rackdrucst-gtablez,p, and; ba0bengluishteandhieneva Watces. Byume ak doters ofemi en e, g oldguard , neck,eand lter chaind. adopbera tab, cPEAKEUil aenn,and other s.rcs a eVeWdZOdYO 40 el Efecte yMana .and R L7JESSrIieStoBULLb ACION, b upntePeslePT-orow, Osob ri. t 12, th sRLUmO TOoo hirP,ir clempringto a par werful cathre,acptlpn,apetn ue. fletusre,ing a l ine h scaTed oaxls hlladtaesanu, aetcal dutteg machqie,stableMa utnls mtypcae,an uur Id.te sieash maytenbevee thead mn o freasaes, and caaoge obtCne tioa.seert, 21Beigrm loda ne.AtMsr.Rbno n ta' a Noll.-To Clesaonatreeto-R,Benes Patchics and Goc,sho mankaers. n of Ketteringhasoreceamedonhrder baoSELL by R, SA A LCIN.uo h PremNSes, asaoenTusAU,comprIsing abot 100syelow,mhit, an pn patsa00boUs iepTredH floinhos ards. Maynbeiewed th1dyprvou0admon roe.bCatsadaloges obtained atte ils nda .Pek' office;G 4rgeToole.tre, Bal Eorapprboveo ilsattumuhswl beos nakled nkabm w£20,Lunheon a hleertpst .I2s evee two ayso me tof Buildes, Cntl blractos, Plat roer, ad thr f losther, wnll gELLd bydAaCTION, on mibohaeo,, J York-he Kn'-oaatmanrs,o-arw ing,f tladers lns a nd conee t13, drsac 'pln,outg-oeftin,ad usefu effct,.Co vew, nd ctaloues adtateM. sitaterf uner' offie BOND and SON ~withFrSeLoldbyeAUIther lrgeRoma,51,Semou stee, Esto-s ALr To-morow venIn, Ocober21, a 5 fr 7 pecisly, henun P ' E Rt&te, thOug h limite d t o about U1 acres, wniid J tnprestethe beholderwiththeboeliefof threefoldextent, thewhole beige so Jududiciosy aIn out, and comprehending pasturage, Pleasure ground, Planitatlona ndgar denslcquatetethoorddn r requlrenientsof an independent country genutetleman. Theleeautantsion, whiatbismt easy acceible from the main road present, an imrosing eleavtion of the purest Gothis of whiCh tile te whole ntoertor strlttly partaktes : it is seated on a gently-rilng ground, emboeomed in luxuriant and delightful pleaure grounds, which are adorned tbroughout witt rare and stately tiber tres, gl -g the appeaaence of a park, whiiet the poitieon of the reeldance is afuth as to command not only tellghtlnl and exensive views, hut to embrace within its perriew the church of Chewton with it, pee-eminently beauteous Gothic tower. The internal arrangement, are quite In unison with the exterior, and afford the most complete famil accommodation, the reception rooms oSt artisticaly decora ted being of ample dimensions, nan th rom and lower Offices in al respects commensurate. At a convenient dl.tance from the house, Properly sereened off. re eabling, oaoch-housee, yard, and all the varied offices poceeuar to a rurareidence. There arealsoa Producttvewaedkitceengarden and shrbbery, around which is an enclosed private walk, Of the whole the auctionoers ventu re to affirm that a more desirable residene er proprty could notbe fotund in any locality than the one now offered or sale, with this singular advantalge, that hould It be wished t3 alter or cc.tendthe arrangement of lbs mansion, the same, from the ample scope allowed, could be aoompliseod with the greatest facility at a moderate expense. Lithograpied Particulars and condition. are in course of preparatiou, and may be obtained raven days pDreviously to the cal; of the auctionieers, 18 Mllsom-stseet, Bath ,Mea.sm Winter, Williams, and Co., solicitors 16, Bedford-row, Lonaon ; or of G, D. HMil, FAQ., solicitor, Balb., MxtUre, P tuuitue Dealers, 'artlee Funmishn-, and others.-this Evening, Tuesday, Oct. 20, at half-past 6, Houseldold urniture and Effecte, removed froma 75, Bakertreet, and 4, Drayton Vilas, t krompton - MESSRS W. and P. 0. BONEAM wll SELL by AUCTION, at theis age PRooms, 19, Marylabone-ietrete, Repent's-quadrant, THIS EVENING. Tuesday, October 20 at half-past .an aemblae of su euDerior HOUSEHOID J:UiO TI'RB and 1FF. tEF. i .i good condition, removed from the above residences consisting of mahoganyn Iron. and Japanned Arabian and lrench beds teads, beds, blankets, cheot tso of drawers, ma arh-top and other Washstands,rmahogany, japanned, and oakwardrobe sets of chir, ouches and easy abirIn l eaither, damak, and hair cloth, a 7-ft. mahogany bookbone by Seddos, cheffonlerss sideboards, fendder,, window cu-o tains, a noble chimney glalss Plate 70 inches by SO, console table, carved Venetian frame pier glare, ditto table, an otier gtcwoes of various se, lare enarels, taPestry, t idderms ier, and felt carpeit and rugs a 6:05-octve roseWoodL Pianoforte, two out-glass chandeliersi, a, beautiulym ade mahogany centre shop Counter with nine drawers locks and key and poihdadcadfot Oft. by 2 ft., a ditto nest of loDers in compartments and 18 boxes for ditto, 9 ft by 4 ft. a qnStyof solid eweodDcapdand bonnet stads, dinner, toilet deg. ret5an ta erics,nueruskichn eqiste, nda aseado ILaMesea 3ootltOt PailaT.-BTd1dh16 KAterIals Of Ten HrocuA. I3U ~LBN itmd SON awe favoared with Instractiooan f- rori the Directors to LULL by &UMON. en the premlses 3HISDING Octobr 20S at 11 , Ia ess the whole of the Valuable BUILI&Q A?ZR&LS~C te modesn hosuaa, shop, and peesnIe si1tuate ln the GratzrmrA, Hawley.road, and Hertjand.s,n ormen-town, coarigi 206,000O caPIta atook brick#, oak mod kE timber In roofs, dIoOD, and quartering, thinij and alsting, glared Nasabeg,= m d`orr, 4lU0cs, chimney pieces shop fron _a sound AMo StepsT, iron raiing, lead auttes andL xDIpes stoves rae.eppe,teras, terecton of bakens, oven, and numerou t,aedo utus Mae dttlnP am, Mia viewed, ani catalogue ha Of Pllen mand Son, OD, Foes-stree, VuW"egte 4sILn Ac.-Runl,si MaeIa `fthee o~uses PULLV'X'ndSONa are 'ins=truected to SELL by. AUMN. ou the Premises, on Thwrsdy, Oct 22. at 12 in 1ot PhYOLL,No. 1 2 and SONar diece tannWonhifa eompssiguos ound brickwork, plainuter and panipog antsaes,tibr birsadlbrfloors,wte bardndgof, gld aredn sashes, dooors, perttiocs, bD tn mth k lttL u 7 be viewed tbe day preius aalge hdofos Hahr i. CatLousaePlo ad o, V mtetripplegfate. ULLENa-TI amd SO r ietdbteWrhpn PCompENany d SeOhNt wiyort SELL by AUCTION. onth ILPrtemises,onmigy Orctber23 at 1t Inck l.ot,n' Thursdaynnl TDL. a 12 nGl yoaro h DirRA~ EVet'oJsEof t'he ThamstIrontV kinoadds oeaherbordinu, andmcaraingd sashe,dors, ooartiie,, shopfrons, ad te uul ad ottherg tmabe 400- stbge deayt, evioeel Cataogue hadef PllenandSons, 10 fatormsteeak, Cuippieandfie.sg Blactall,To Siobolder, Timbe and lronks Dlers,to otilders and DULLEN and SObnwlbrsemn SEls byt A TIron oanI t IL te Pems,Orcar potreet, whartcrwane ton Thursdy Octan a,dt. 12,In 0by rde o th Dreu"ctrsaof GrtheThms patent wondaka S N Sb~ Buldig oeranyiLmftudl rotrLs fyb iwdthe LOOayTTIGSo. W SLoS ndto uatt of murallTibe and Om Ma,Foeteril, cOmprieste seveal sinksof Mn, an ote ti - f~e550ke umeinl. P.woo,Sa and fiAplan,eretirnectseds any wokhM wihe AVantito BELT,fth , about AU,0IO losepnte, the wromuh,t- lon, toirn tnksapoerfl warfcraetoaIN timer mnaesrir an caIn dubi prchse s-b. oi's atnt windlas, 80,00 stok ris,,andoter seulmatrils.Ma bevite the tday po- InBsnkui~kiTh2rae,Ls~ andYoodwn adPofsa Boide and SjOnotraadctorh.m II,rESRS. LEWS nd WAL aredirected byth M4Y ther Assigneeste to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premies, a Trhmfenld.lac Caliorp-t eeta, onray'sdIyn-roaobeTo-mosrid,fOctober 2,adoloigday, the exaePA Teansid STOECKRY including, comprisin awlre quaizntit o btattengns,paks qurandtering deats tiboler pmnello doorse andle sasoes.mntraA cooiladrs Irnceof nerk, candnmrots,sn builer vanubd eoniector. May be viewed, the daayoprecehdinf the sale Caaomreserhad toIn the proedinge ofdvesrstmn. onadPew,sl- Southgate.-Comecaulo iaiyIeles e 7are fPr ad one ile rom heGlateg,and Stumbs o thfeGetat.otenRiw M%JESSRS. PLEWIS and WALL are directed by the ,L oDurt of Bankruptcy to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, Broomfield-house, Soumthate on Tuesday, Oct.b r27. atn1 f'Orlwth daSy, o the e PoeMotFISIotIn ingthee orm doraw paciou recep- n stabing,do. ay b vie-ed ill he sle,ito aticulas, ofursalue lie on he remres ad o th peson rferQ osiate, a rnedainogue adePlan an Maciney, Stak o Ol Hay Ifur Boner,of W it Idm and Cocoa Mar,nf actors,.an iYJ, CurtDofBankrutcyih SELL by AUCTION, o h rmss Brornfeidhoue,outhate, on Weuesday, October1A an t foli homerollrs, oncetraedcoaan d esec Dogmanl, anP umru othr vlualeeffcts Maob vieed Mand cat-loue, had othe pr koutgat,-Eegac Frnvitre,Pansofr, larg I hme a nd 2 Pnwxie Glase, nd Nuoerous Ameffets, a bvri MESSRS. PLEWS andl WelL fore dirctegb t heg towIon eanmupsyet mELy by AUCewON byprAson,the permise Broonded.hnsc iiuthtSmintocda Hunerhe 27, Gatkn. folNowIn dqay,th excellentiu MyR. XRB1, lcugdaig iIg n onq theHremses;of eark.leycarane,O klsews andtBorer, Ganllus, 14,dol Gd ewin.3cbalhi; ofrW. Bell,gEq,o-ficial sine,Clmn hull; ad of ssrs. lows ad Wl, 34,y- Pouty -and 1U R D. GW. WIOT will SELL by AUCTION, o ±V,tatGarrmwre's,TCEruhS DAYonaWednetday,eOctober 28,oatod,ath mGRoICy J UD EASE wOyardrbs,at A lowrent,wofthe shove comand-ow tepbllnee c.,house trede, Tu teacoholedationgis antdrate 81 fand mla: roomd vcelarae1co1hho2 , Cb an-de otrbl2, Ab av beoviewe at aonys wood bern,Tempe, soicitr; en of er. 004wIn, 3,talIn-terrc, E el- NI,FLED. GD W INwl SELL by AUCTION,atG - wYat' G arrly'In Coveme-hur, Chanie-allen Gosthte l orsntaednes-o Mry.cobern atg 12 foor 1d,a or a SEVEN OL brc-bit ESIDENOES Niuae 0,dUperCiene -roo. ICthe isela, it pesson palasanily-situat,Poe' natr thek Lambehg anhPoer;inio.1ou arooamser, waahenteele,idenare, leithwepossestsion inmpruetrpirg ato 0) orstu, anZ Ah ndrersn-treet. taellse abot 42p0 annum;poet asI nd o 10.Auertsiton-tet havlng a s dpatced, with posIn, all held foalng otherms lareetablow rond cu eviwd ndprlars had of Mesr.Coby mih,HnSrtradOattoinan PosNew1sq, Coupoahoe,aky-squa re,a'&r C;ele slctos;aGarraways;in o h u ;oer peercornr Am, bwyfodietoofteIotae M R .BOHwl ELb AUCTION, on thera LEAS.PE, nith os, THISoDA aof ,ti eypetyi-omdVLA wthe Twyford Arms,n good garden pl ttsacinadett wi..the premiyofscoes TfoS DA,ab 2 h el-aer o n blankts, S,, b dstao,fn the whctoleer fitigsand e,al fa rooed ill,-12,(T Goplde or 2d AbbveyroWa,St.ch n'-o earlyain SEL W BELby AUCTO,t rrNINa hi ovmbner, by Wiectionof th4eFrereodnsut;treeaol oMr.m oJohn riensdcae, SEVErro bWdedr),ck-tbuitrE2SIDE2gllNCE situateandbeingumery,to ancluherSvek, alandaniattees, Prcu Ince10 ltre. bombethoss eac oznBrtaint ingefour2roobs washhuer , 4lbRusandad let "at eel rets lameountng tozen) piker ann sum, theoomoumatrentaand taxe r,out£20.Thi prpert inIn n ecllen loetion forletting. May h vie-ed,and artiular hadof beesteadst rtonand P.ofan, 11, out-squre,Grays-in; a Garawa's;andeofgthe pauctione, years, at Slow renttton Irelaud.ha- recive ins-uteionsto EL b-ri 9M Upe mo~in,d tGrrwys eryI November. , tthe vhourb LfBEASTE,width o'lu, ofthsefrs thtePemISES known aso thne" twyordArs,omml duybiue endomigte cy,oranerx gof thetwyfIorando Bereo-tees po ios andexrespet bableditrct wirnbth lentyofscoSeafrbsies hegeteRns oaret£00erTownth, chiemf y overdh ounter,cnutdi psrliumlarlooeasynd neaboudye mOanne. pe osetn afavurabl opprtuntyefr purchaswinch genuis andcnditincesinf bsiness,ogte with the% aean otagee of aers Lomfortable andk heslByraoMcaaldenreaydbe awhedso, andpariculars, 1 hadat arrways ndlof thed uc tieofoner.ot8,thanacrylne,era oe -Grocer and Pefoury tec and XFixues alochnle MAES D. RENA ndSO will SELL by AUC-IN,o LJTION.atf thei REIEComErcaSl Eomroimma,44 bany agdonArbretbod dorto,9m,aboleoro, wahto-morow (enberdayg,1Ortobesar21, ts,xandln GRoCERY, ars Perfuery,oadpOtheroStock ad loto, and ldn 12ertale weighings macie,glwegt, mills gecasbfattings caitwd.and cttlon-cutn mac n hie, 600 cand boaches, Mr.counad'sbouts, mul ile, sighvtreday Jots uni ture, compsssrising feather bes bdteasdraweotrs.Dsowsideboagrd6-cavengacabndfeatcpaot,dul-arlgi,pitns books,Gol.n siNOLvEr watcheS,EgLd L chAins,Iearl torogh brdbahae, spering t an Ldgoler,seu yoeffects.on viewdaymcobrng of sale1, Ctalhes at the REoomps; g and sofmthefactioneer, t,eutton Ieand,-he bedsturead sale ofl the eente r etatng Indthe arisng tables chestotdr ver, ceunt wadobegaL nto3a hme MuR9eL,Tur LeyDan E bmsegs opt,maogannourace tand hois cl Insructe tofa SELL bybes phinel AUTO,athsSleRoo u-ms adof r n the afernoon,gin nelo, ktchenfineq iEE SIMLE otAe fets. ofy be-viewed sitateprin toWe,parishofaloguer,baie on the malrp rom gogsm ,Ea, Tievdgotey,Drranan asht,r aNdbe!Coroesl, Wodontlrd aou lonhad indtee aisr, incldbyal eants, otionlas and cntouofeSe, with plan, maybebtid AUTON,Mert Curie Wodgto ndWilias, olciorfW2 inonsin,il Lonon,W.; 0 Mesr. MCaula an Fethrebn, olcitrs,21 Angues had at the rooms ; of W, Stafford, Esq., 17, Welilegton-stroet north, Strand, and of ti'e auctIoneers 48, Brewer-etreet. Golden-square. R. C. FURBER is instructed to submit to Dtubllo M LLO&IPBTITION. at the Auction Miart, on Thurda, Oct. 22, at 12 for 1, a smal LEASEHOLD ESTA.TE consising of liv houses In North-terrace, Dutton-street, Cromer-street, Gray'&-in-road; held for about 30 years un expired, ata smaliloznd rent. Als 26 Houses, "f aout 600 er annn anTh propert mlayt beo vieedand atiu las wihcnR inso.ae a at ) thELLrt oy A.USTIdONd, not-square, ootnngrerodanattsacinfie,In a. wick-court, Greym-ov WC amd ancieTenPinttBlrarath auctioneber, T,erabrgk Oeebstates is 0.1nit fo eyeaw= Pbmfr .andGU aTdbmaynow bepreatedfoty Privaroted Contract.en Rooom, , 381, RaIn t-Coen,-garden,b-r on airid Londotn and Easter Backing erpors"O 4-6 e G- MESSRS. BEADEL and SONS am to al 1Al theTrustehoP ofEMB No. D7, 3en oBELare o AUL0, &nd hat the nre tnSuce to Slal, bTPzlte h 1sqer, know.n as 8, Kiy WIllIam-street, city and Sb, Pall FwO rus Thydon Bols and L ton-tpen. a ones, app d Dy a, = ea.d SMOS EaB BSnt. aned bSH 7 ,tAte to AEo a >AlJC IOe 12, in two lts, a valuabe N RaOi) BTuATe In the pef OC Therdon Bole tan Longhton, knowrn - the Bleoc Acre lan 'am Drizng 216 acresof6weeoeris meadow and ale jL rkb thoroughl, drained wan bi ncpawallI h.I4nd, lbins wtur{n avp fence with a osrdua rsIdence ed riob onthellna iew property lie M ner Theydonree, don. Ti appobabedeyn odpt Is.. tonl a miles rnondo two miestb fr pn a e nd x witi*r-t hree miles o tho Lurgtoton palaay o8atI0n. so a deszale e ho1d retaten kwown a4 Bettra -heanhstre, at titn the paiot DawenUnls. tn the sate oratmty, momurlsng p6 etyres oi excelde,ahb landt, ofg within a rina teniwt ith dwrelU asie ansd arazn.biloencb atto m goot hBrentwood. onld o roes from don, abthiag to uria ot romfordc ad 10 2l ts from London, This iand hs been re4entl, trtnodt, and offens r tern seoure inRstuent for epiteL Is is let lese to a Srort ImeoAng e nt at £d 8peare anum. reteicb las wthe ltheruafesf hl lans mayue ObMMtoi offMesr. BWAUTON,at,e and Yroen, tazollmietwr 39, oean. -reaa the adcti M ndoe mer.in BeaCal bad oos,p 25, aresln zast ree bl O.C. The natzwalterw Ittrerte, a mo2t otnable oey,t a ende1od in se t county of 8E1 containing So I acreo , lying In;a rinz fwe, lwthlua taro mles ot Breotwood. and 10 ms frwo Londone abutting ont le whigh poad, nd otnl 2is miles fwrom tho Eeutwroed is fngthold, landtatns on the Ester Counties hailway. q CESSR;. BBADEu and SONS are instructed bp qualiths Trrde5 ol the e1tt1 Dmae dlae to dfao by AUIgTlOy at the Mart, Bartbolomew.lane neasr the Bnk of frlatd, on Tneas. -Decemtcer. In ose lot, tbat snmp ct adnd mtot deiatble RD?m 3 knowanasiootzfsl tFrrwInthe aishs otn Sbled aRnd cInsiestengre of8 acrestof rdt abee s a d a rAsingfne miwayeI betwo aebeneniwo n naetn,a otc whrich perecther of a ralwnyce ain ertyf anti land tax redeed, alArettpoortionhasdbean 8trcentlydrainedferthe bmernien cularso the Lroen t InspecoS thesoiio s n sb e Auclity, Mar:nd he,fhl Mestast emaydb consdrdaofahhl e menta careder. 0If Is n._eow-divided Into sevTal o-venAtaeosf,,- XlthemaAoo tsath SOcu a e enenract ed ;4 Ionb thene forF tbo rtate, hs beaT I uNlat de own. butbole k-llTb grdound in which toove berean pre-er an a toe elighted re. oT I Lerect ofL a rAenuda v et handly hf conceived. th e esttest ate na inagood horig No.t rofthe eanmer veualt no tbe poent er vana or,I gae.rtainslenlAr, a ttlfcROO insgapl plensofth mayd bae otyaine c Auction Mnrti and ,lre sr m bold and Duex s 2An ooommOdsrtrntajr wort abu )petru or.i oerta evt, a eprsum"ar tof E%D Hondon,said Doetnd tW3Th nse B-C., as one he pbabnre nale of t, in. a erContin enatReersionarty ta an.Odh SrSa. FurlbeA, partdi a nd L S be h oe Pnser d tn Jole fer toos r tSLo E lie Ae CTa at the Mart-d Messrts. hiomew.lad Sond, on Tobrnd.r atl, rorldat.n, . oS slis serie t tSefowi g et e to lloin t nuyexpowLen an ulndved Mo ieatyal of reo Estates and C'h, BoRdn COrINS th esvortted annualvlue of thnae £r30 or,tberAdioeveA~tramofthe late EoA B%rer.saldmotetyLrbo tA uny divid Micrety o FreDehol and ewnchyLeands,> in fostia1,worthebnt £and perabl annmor, inzcertain evtents, arumnof £2,000 eak probablene otre Poi, inaoona lestartse,amoutingoe ,0dui0 aear upardils.l Fuih, ,ftc3prticutlara hrEe hdo btsa DighyadBs solcrto,dn, brob;tatBth Martldande o reans,inder a TheUC Paoram ino elaew'-x-r.wrker and the Btrand, theae promit renteopr£43g asnd4 taernned artisi ng frmtesee.I wgbe aaaewn } trybsere tou rewrds pthe oEn trKqidteLypso h ezridter uvtte bring Ing hlymneesto5l temotdstabsoenta, inel ndinzothervalnbed scenrsrVI abe olnsLth whorfle ltrton Iand to ac, excptto rdEa froim the s6a tinexbired, whe stinct aninursaerentuybrn of pmt h rmw areofDeu" frm ocu71g larourextnd fKod with dnaruoios f0 entnoe; 'joniG i anDdus n ge Jrwa*ibth ULCU hme 0 cmpled as a o andeiisr cr ofth romla e HudcA. Barer toEs. toSELL by theTiOn, ThEatrAu. ctoio rt, nown usa B noeA Peommber2 at1h, alaouniemloblAPR outla soeTo s£4r9 7sne a widhper annu,dith the aertainity hof an No. In Suce aew rear, arsving fro the priwnt vod fs. torlact vpandvalablteprnopeti, yin-trose extlentsivcomrmoaise',soelb expresLy ftory.The Panoram of tblcestluber-qrem,s we,drn ae lon Ige. carilesCofiears, haIs btanLed a wrl-ide renown, muer a eoPnd ofra late , akr and BE Begfor adreheld fomt ntherpsingo and tlentedatitnx lessiree at wichaell be tan e reatI hered tor;e Cd the mrany Teatriep of the pinte's ar, bringc.- inu homie toius ah meoi dnitant, a ried, andScelebrate rtcinos an t hemo-est wndrenutroh oand t efect decepa to 1roe froom the sut- ;the back of Wilmot-plaece,y Fouheayterro Eofv ertowa 2sliund entrae arttdjoin isd graoundeboos ou e wth ngro erse 00. bb# fm;o - andb re8adin r roomo e an had Nof Mr .CrerSoci the STranedThtre, fortmerlyknw as Bahere PatinoMrt;amanhih at r obmtls offod Oo-g-t R }ren Tunulrbreidtgysoe Cytear since was, wiethte adtOn of arad tatepaEof Smeet aOBIN Sibeg excellunt cootemlodaion toa tilras te A t.. BNrfothed, Eq,,ataurentrfdg earli; TePbanrdamae and1freie 1n eandneay Le-reae areeltee- thOrniu Mofna neter.3 ylearo -hein urnexpireda iofbhrelms u1957athree a-ear; and tbem 6rand itheagreois Theldrbywlese foro epo sixlDear unexpied T Crsta, 87 tOXDDti bxrrthez rlXdento £5 oiyer,t thu yiedin anpdrotreot oFr£400 caryarwit tuhe ertzabntyfI wrase nsftew, yeir, arg,wien glase. Burfevdid glea exingesdAs bibloql. b arirlesdodtasmoety of tamnim he lesefo f ers fr'om-Chairs, etIn £15a-yes,adarirudebren, o h Cap rmden-ronpeaicis,gas - kthen back of itenoIpae ohscod fioulr builbdingom,fand pairmost etaloadunc todthe PappqeFraatoencutable, thie manaetrotodpepred ditnex noelt wint. houtmulsic~th axhi. wokdto, part"iculars an ogroun maneo h a erie woill baqeteh.- Flhcdr28des wareior to aseiL, n, hottadlof r.rld Cinoorner by ZsItte Oak Tooley.trbe, woodhwarvi an thae nction Marpt; awndowat Mr. Lag pTuebsig Ctle Kn.-TArsngeoMont of Saleasn.Pn ~jrESSR ROBIStes,bighlo ainise oourc ted droingloring as he we vANG'dnta ofuthe SaLde, at3 Tuonbrlderdslea Tunbidge Ken. at11onLr 1 achydaytaelng:-ltbyCobn elk iamak an tapreceFrenchguraind, ornnchso salbe,hand catlaide. waluttre cair, are glassies, a arkpendid gitwned. Tubribdgoteaud artiles f tste,an armoazza, The dning room-WCh.r, who tendit- kichn eqiste.OISaeitrceltSELb On CTLedynx.Oc, tobeir 27.-Th iuniture ofthrwee n uppsdany, xfoermber .at b 12oos fourpr of curiou W diS apperl inu Frote, nchfcur Codtions, andrchlyreommromdved dito bedhangoings.hemus ;inclureoc Slus oabaret(,Idrryalos,part o e boey eMbrtidered wingstodneedjeA,Elizabetan rhair. and L ers Wtg. ablt, foldrFblssan gropal ad~ oiakhi tables,y woodig c.atrvig, manpunlet lsoMareSiptra, windet, anwk. lin Moelley, OudCtobager8,-Th a ewCozleas of plasinCgPai ntings manydb ecqeeumSmpedrasers, highlyogunsheda cooued hdraings,ekr port. aelice or rices,I goereen-houeplnts. utcgre eas rnhrs ho wlder apC-faratusforstClnerawItoy, ia trvling chario byo-.-hyn. Onieite emi-dtpecedig aw ndmrnns ofIalueuadctmeue MESSRS. ROBINSar winctdt SELL byAUTO,a theirUCTIor,rat 'hir =:oL, I Covent-garden, on Wensa,Nov ,aday, N2or-emb2er Oat12FOREI, coi IGNES sgteveraleasIt.nexottle, nfin condition, srngly rtecommiDrraendduoyiemconnoillseuroncludwg si batrj,es ofnaesl dry Pmorningshippe adba_Martne, higson sorte in Iese lase, t andCapge an d t a few doizen f aeaga bad andliqeursel.Samles with atal oguses, may ghe hd n -see pror byAOO,at the ofcrI oetg,dn nvotmtyfroineple ConxacBadanLiurs 1VromiEgt beoBGme wia SEtbyACIO,a 12fo thfle OLDt ofCIIN CIGARS oWil-lasoolt. xeeb condiotiMon,a.Ndedwton,i an vtd ues.Te ilbenve il catealge anteonind o sae n sml o o ahsr optaene o eeto 7andou Mantorg,-Pa aCvn-adn ovner,w40el,-FuaUninidshedd Hoss ain5h0 ih edi) MESSRS.NEBRONKSandBEARLAN bill toanounc thbatCItiON atbthe lmart,n ETH AT , Oct0 ate 12,INor. ithe - 4rivacte onta.ract- h0ld for 9llyearsct, 14 ech oferngaSn7rab coeauhrondy nat,Otob propry atlr attheart;f. .willoughby1rox,an Lodt1helfods-s and t Slsma.Newtn ad oCarl bedteadofcs, 14, Ccsu-te Maidn Nwto an 10from an Doeethr~auheFeh ove 1,40 cre, ad oduing abut 2, prer annm advrtse for Inhautini oeme et 01ASSSBOOSadEA bgtoanmo an, on Thyuyeday next, Otbr2,o h rmss o mahofrigan,erbs n an d il cothere bedsteoadshis, lotblschfoer Araha couch,de largetlonokibsng-lses fmedical and ohrhos e ditng. e.the pratie, mecatstok,undStings-adtehouse, a t owr ofor ispsl Catalogurest bed had h romsh,peiss and otth o 28,g s-had, Byedfsmd-ow,o W us.ue,Cia las 7 o.Eae Old\Tolin,Vllnse ith Mslcable6 , Satur. ut, and ehfectry nonso,, remoed rom he ity,ba saehenbpoth situaedon the premises.an Room, 2, Chncey lne,Tmro ahuk nd Thwursday, Octe2.21atnd2fi Brusses andurkey arpetd, rugs,lansm windowTY ciurtoain wthEw dee frnge an gIt orncs charsn, ksofnm(as, eo . tibia, cet es, and.d andmIcelanou efecs.and b vieweantd the dry prior tlo amornings Of sle.Catloges ad t hebrooms, land o the aCUctioneer 1f a,-DR the Shnklin oardln.hnsse both aituate in oiin the amse n LLLatflaihn'-LHo rtelur, iFthsixtur,DoneraTiturd-yOctober22, at-3fin gabdn,stbe,12fby6 andcochhourse;olat In tahe otpty ofee Lebonard. tWoae,F. TcMrle Shanki, orighue siuteajonngt7 r H3 S. COMPTON wil SELL by AUCTION' I. upon the Premises, the Grayhound In Enfiela, Middleaex Oa Thursday, Oct. 22. at 12 o'clock,I by order of the ProPrietor, the leas'e having been disposed of for a Private house) comPridS ig TENT and Other *EDSTeADSe matirse, mah0oany wardrotme, cbests oE drawers, ets of chair, mahOi:nu , eding had other dining tables beateule boawd, ciru e e kltcbe range, wt copm U., spdrit cshs a few lixtures, and nner othereectg m aye viewed the u Y Previous and morning nf sale. Ctalogue had on the,pemises' Green Dragon TAP, BiOsPRAste8et - the pricipla Inn In thend4fturhood; and at Thoe. omptOns, ob ton and estate agendcy offioe, ofield. Middlserx. Hackney,in front of Churth-street,-VaeheCphlPrety By tlb. MASONs, at.oEa l RInUM6lo1 CePuloll d u erouy By Mr. MASO t,athe Mast on Wednesday, November U1, by orderof the Execatora of Mr. Franci Holton, doeeased A PrivaLte Residenoe and Business Prerusecs on the eff east side of Church tre near the Rectory, lngckney, consIstin Or a hop, two floors of warehouse over, stabling and granary iD wIth yad enclosed by folding gates, Inthe oscupationof Mr, ltlhard eorndealer - also the House a shop adjoing, with plsteglp)m fron, let to Mr. liaxt,er, bookseler, produc4ng together a netrent of £1l0 per-- nnum,ocopyhold oTfateanor ofEHackney,g ubjec to a vy sm lqut rent; a Leasehold House, with double-fronted shop, In Church-soeet,. the oDrner of Baxter's-court, occupied by Mr. Figg', and Three Tene-. mxeuts, let at 70 a-year held at a ground rent of £16. Partiumlarsat15, Flniabury-plaoe, sontia. Ixcelan Moern urntur, a semi-ottge pisoforte by OCiard, utaly ew,sevralothrs deirs an ndaChina, Vases, beant.- fulFrechDecratveObjects and numerou useful Effwet. ~ ESSR. OXEi{aM will SELL by A'UCTION, at teir oom ,%33 Oxford-street, near the Pantheon on dayber. a iifor12 punetnally. the excellent modernWE NITUBIn caitaloondition, comprising India crimien silks, W tais or hre wndws, a scewood drawing room suIte coered Sto corespnd,sevralwalut-ee ditto, Ice, card, occasional, and aneWtabls, beutiul 1-otae semI-cottage pianoforte by Collad andt Colr,in a wralnutatr ess, syeveal othsers by eminent makers., chimney and pier glasss, mahogany dining room andl bit-r char conces ad esy cairscovred nmorrco andhrc1oth, pedesta4l enAt e sidebowards, 0fbookcse, eodingalsSetg dran AainforpR E Tost,andote dlsdan ngg,wihh a- drtenssin matals, c,cia ls,dmsi euals and nueru b-otem SL FeWared 11d. Ba1t
