PARLIAMENTARY INTELIWNWE. HOtuSE OF IO1RDS, WmD)YA, Dec. 9. ~he I-olm CHANCELLoR took his mat or the woolak at 3 oclgch -. Only, a few peers were preset, and the sittng did not Iat longer thn five minutes. THE BANK CHATERT. The iarl of EGLINTON presented a petition fronmx1e Glasgow Chambaer of Commerce, aomplanig oE the arlitr&r limitation of tho sue by thef Bank of Engranti to 14,0OO,OOOL on sec itiies of tX monopy exercise by the Bank of England and by tbe eisting ianke inr 8etl.aad, and praying for the repeal of the Acted 1844. BANK ESSUES EMDI TY BILL. 3arl GRANVILLE br*ght up iHs Bill, which had jit passed the Commons, ad moved that it be readafxst time. 4Earl GBY said he Ud dzderozod that the Bill was to, be reed a setoud tmno to-rmorrow (this day), and a third 'time on Friday. He .lad no-objecton to tht arrgemen, -on the contrary, ho thought it would be a eonvenletI ,one; but, as he presumed that snesure of this importance wouldiprobably-undergo but one dis ion, he, should be obliged to his noble friend (Earl Granville) t he would tell him on wrch 'day he proposed to take Oa dis. 'ussdon. Perhaps, as 'the 'noMtce wus rAther short, he might be permitted to.Vgsq t ftat, if Is were eQualy conveyien to the Government e discuaion shotld be taken o FAiday rather than Thunda. aeye r4) Earl GRANV I said he oould not give any pledge oi the subject to his noble friead, but It would b: quite as *onvenient to the Government to take the dWision on Fiday as on Thursday. It might not, howeyer, be equairy convenient Io Eoece noble lords who hawl been led to expect that the dicusfison would take place on Thursday. ... The Earl of EGLINTON sid, so far as he was ind. vidually eenoerned, without presu'ning to speak for other noble lords not st that morment present 'vho sat on the same side of the House as kimrsel, he should, prefer to have the discussion takeneon Friday rather than on Thursday. Earl GRARVILLE.-Then let It be vnderstood that, nles it be objected to by other noble lords, the discussion will take place on Friday. The Bill was then read a fist time, and the House ad. journed.
HOUSE OF cOM1oNS, WEDNmSY, Dw. 9. The SPXAKZR took the chair at 12 o'clock. Mr. HORSFAL prented a petition frora the Liverpool Chabnier of Commerce, praying that a large proportion of members connected with the manufacturing and meroantlle l4terests of the country should be placed on the Committee on Banking. PENSION 1 O SIR HENRY HAVELOCK. The report on the mesge fromn Her Majesty having been brought up, Colonel NOREH maid, he wss unwilling last nigh to lake up the time of the House when this question wars before lt, andlhe felt, moreover, with reference to the proposition of the hon. member for Surrey (Mr. Brisoo) that the pension to General Havelock should descend to his sucoessor, that it could not be in better hands tan In tho6e of the noble lord at the head of the Government; but, had he been aware of the adcual circuances of Captain Haelock, the son of the distinguishod olflier whose servioes they proposed to reward, he would certainly have taken the opportunity of addressing a few words to the House. (ear, hor.) Cap. tain Havelock had participated i all those battles whichhad sined for his father sach world-wide reaoGWn he hua rdistingushed himself as an officer, and haN received or his gallant conduct the Victoria Cros. He thought, therefore, that thls was a case calling' most loudly upon them to followv the general practice, which was to grant such pensions for two generations. (Hear, hear.) Ho hoped the circmstances of Captain Havelock would be considered by the Government and that the same pension so deservedly awarded to hisdastlngashedfatherwould benade todescendI to hlm. (Hear, hear.) Wheu they remembered the circumstanoes in which that gallant officer, Gieneral Havelock, was placed-that, for an7thing they knew the next telegraphic message might announee that he had fallen in main. taining the honour and glory of his country, and that the baronetcy would descend to his son if, he had the good fortune to survive him, they must all be anxious to know that that son was in a positleSi to support the dignit which he inherited. (Hear, hear.) Heotherefore trusted that Her Majesty's Government would give to the suggestlon of his hon. friend the member for Surrey their most serious consideration. (Hear, her.) Mr. BAGWELL begged on the part of the Irish repro. sentatives and the Irish people to express the very high sense which they entertained of the glant conduct and glo3ious deeds] of our soldiers In Inda. (Hear, hear.) He took the liberty of doin:g so, though a new3 member, in the absence of many of the Irsh representatives, because he believed that all classes of people In Ireland and of theif representatlves In that House joined in doing honour to those brave and heroic men, and most cordially concarred With the Government in the reward which they proposed to confer upon General Havelock. (Her, hear.) His only regret was that the pension ganted to that distingulshed soldier was so smaI, and that it was to last for so short a period, and he hoped that at some future time the Govefn. mnent would Sse the propriety of extending it beyond the life of its present galantrecipient. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KNAIBRD saSd, It was perfectly unnecessary for bim to say one word in praise of Sir Henry Havelock, who was about to receive the tributo of respect from a grateful country, which, indeed, the House could only regret was so inadequate to his merits; but he must say a few words In reference to another name borne by two of the most distinguished men, he would venture to say, of any age or eountry-men who had saved us, under God, he believed, from disasters far greater than those we now mourn over. The House must be aware that ho referred toSir Henry and Sir Johni lawrence. (Hear, hear.) The former had gone where no earthly honousu are valued, and he could no longer serve his county by his able satesmanship and his unrivalled tact and courage. (Hear.) But as far as they knew Sir John lawrence still lived, and he confemsed he should like to see him honoured as he deserved. (Hear, hear.) Who saved the Punjab; nay, our IndianEmpire? Who w the nain instrument of re-establishing our power at Delhi? Who raised the soldiers which had enabled that victorious column under Greathed to restore order where anarchy had reigned on her march south ? Sir John Lawrence. He trusted the House would remember this fact, that not a soldier from Calcutta or Bombay reached DelhL Had we not had Sir John Lawrence in the Punjab, or one like him, he believed our forces would have been entirely driven out of the North-Western Provlnces, accompanied by a terrible oss of life, even if we had retained our hold on Ben-aL Difference of opinion had existed, and would exist, as to the wisdom of t e measures taken In Calvutta; but there could be no room for difference here. He hoped to see the day when Sir Jonn Lawrence should be in a position more coImmensurate with his experience and his administrative abilities. (Hear, hear.) Mlr. GLADSTONE.-I wish to say a word or two on this aubject. I am sure that the sentiments of sympathy and Admiration which my hon. friend -has just expressed are commnon to the whole of this country; but at the same time I would with all respect and deference venture to suggest to him the expediency of our endeavouring to put some esraint on our feelngs in this matter. Surly, nothing can be more important than that it should be left to the Crown and the Executive Government to administer the function of reward without being subjected to the constant Interposition of the members of this House, (Hear, hear.) I entreat gentlemen to recelleot hovr rauch is taken from the grace and value of these acts of rewTard when bestowed by the Crown if they have been suggested by individual membersofthisHouse. (Hear,hear.) Of corse IfuLyadmit that it Is the duty of this Iouse to watch the conduct of the Executive Government, and to cal it to account if any slacknes Is exhibited in the dlue reward of merit; but here Is a cae where I humbly think we are not as yet entitled to say there has been any such slacknesi. Hea hear.) Let us consider the importance of time inthes mathters, let us consider that weo ar dealing with transaetions still in pro. es that the service of Slr X. Lawrence and those other aerOs to whOm We OWe so mauch is an unbroken and as yet uncompleted service, and that the proportion of reward must depend In no inconsiderable degree on the precise time at which It fo administered and the a wich events hav athne( eui n to diet whic aeventsoFih have assumed. (Hear, hear.) How is it oble that we who draw our information with regard to these coccTences from the public journals, and who form impressions that are necessarily general, can take into our. hands the duty of pointing out to the Executive Govemnment what is the P,recise momaent at which rewards shall be given?2 (Hear.) I venture to say-witbcut in the slightest degree denying the title and privile e of maesabens of this House to correct what is wrong, or what they think wrong, in the conduct of the Execntive Government-th&t it Is greatly to the advantage of society anid greatly for the honour of t'he Crown that they should leave the Crown some latitude and dtscretion as to the time, and the oppot=itY, and the way -In 'which such rewatrds should be betowed' (hear, hzear)'; becaus, it it becomes the habit -to take Into our hands the business of pointinnOUt beforehand the disposal of Iniiuaadpet oa(S the ultimate effectwfl ba that the distibution Of rewards which,gve Ld ar Intended to be a means of afr,,hnn wisely &ciae GlOvernmenk. WIU, on thecoontrazc ul , orf O.wek nes cHa,har.) Ihope I shlah t e maer-stoed as in twhesightes degree oensring those honouzable feeling with which, gentlemen have beenk actuated in bringing these atesbefore the Government, but I haetogtitm dutyv to j,oint ou h m tn osderations of policy which I chink are lnvol,ed'l the question. (Hess, hfw) Colonel WORTH had not the slighteisa Idea. of dicttn to the Government. He had- merely ie i u rtktoat suggestion whicht was brorght unde th et House en the previous evening. 01co Mr. E. BALtogti a h duty of the House'tosupplijany omission made bythe Governmsent in the bestowar of rewards. (Hear, bear.) The services of a great general had been brought under theinoceadthywr ased mntou c-prte 'with the Government in, honon,,, i.ud re oa hinhm for.-those servces. it wa sugge~t5 the pnsio besowedon-tha,t distinguished general s houl desced tohis on. 1s~twas verysimple suggstuon andI the me.e forQteUniverst ofa nxot bu dngut wxres Ith ditneamrto of everthing that gad beens done thosemAn ... ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ th having ~ ~ ~ ~ tl~ Hgu~ wold u~dof stAnd the feellina with which he wasamimated. (Hear.) Con. &u nj`Ut aat had f&alcu last r nlgfrom -the noble lord I At tM aed or, the aoVeir tt -e mut A the.saMe time ageeIn every word that d come from the hon. and gallent member for Oxf6rdahre -(Colonel North3. Hehope& that the distinction oofere uIpon the fa er would be conferred also upon the eon, and tht thepension would in his ease be pernitted to descend with; h title. (Iear, hesr.) til. EEa Sir3J. PANIl~6TON.-Is ' tia elght lon. geztlerna!i the Presdent of tbe Board of Control now in his place, but I must say I think we had 'eason to complain that w%n such a- b ias.the Demov es'of Sir H. Havelocklc zad the bestowal of a, pendosn pon him, wea the first order -of the day, the right hon. gentleman'was not in his place to anwer any quetions that might be] addresed to him with. reerence to mattersapplicbleIto his depaitment. Now that thisqestio islbeforethe ouse a legitiniattoopportunity is *ffordedmeof putting to the rightlson.geqtlomantwo quEstieoswith1regxrdtothe affairsof Indiaonwhich I amdelrous ef receiving some explaatio, ut before- I addresa thete -quedtions -to Ie right hon. gentleman I cannot refrdn from takin_gome notice of what has fallen from the right hon.' gentleman the member forthe University-of Oxford. -I-uam-i quite williog to admit' that- what hia fallen frornlim hae very coesiderable weight wbhen a&ptped to any honours or rewards that may be-proposed in-the.future for the sevioes of that'distinguihed officer Sir J Lawrnce, or any other officer who may deserve rewaid at the hands of the Crown. (Hew.) Iagreewilthhimthatany-premature lnterferenoa of this Houie in such pases would have a tendency to diih the grace and value of suh rewards; but, on the other -hand, my righthon. friend wil admit that the question before the Houe, vir.,-the bestowal of a pension on Sirm H Havelock, is uct one to. which his observatlons apply. (Hear, hear.) I earneetly hope that the obeervatons of any right hon. friend wi not -have a tendency to checl, on the pat of mnemberi of th House, those expres slons -of feelingthat do 'hotour to them,, nd which have reftence to the great and ervices of our I soldiens mIndia. (Hear, heer.) 1 agree with what fell from the zight hon. gentleman the memberforBuekingham. 4 shire the other niht, fthat no reward *thee men cn receive will beao acceptable to them as the assurac that their seces are duly etimated by the country- and I believe that the moat legitiate mode In which- they can reoeive that assunce iRby the deelaaion of it in this House by the represeztatives of the people. (Hear, hear.) I am convlnce&that the debati wehich took plaoe last night and today aeddedgreatlyto the honour bf those who have engaged in them, and wil be received in -India with feelings f ratitude ana pride, and a their blgeat reward, by those distinguished men who ave nowr- servig their coumtry in -India, (Hear, hee.) Wh'en I -hAd the honour to second thoe motion o the oble lord lat ight, I stated that the only- doub that Oqld exibt regarding theo rewardhepro -edwawhethe itwa a reward adequate to the valuie otthoeservices performed. - (Hear; heai.) My Andividual feeling qute acords with wht. ha fallen from my hon. andd a friend the mnmber for Oxfordibire (Colonel Northl, and Ithink that, considering the extra. ordinay galantry dibplyed byGonezal Havelock, and con- dering ao that he Is not 5 manin s on of -lare pI vate property, the Government woul onl meeting the wUhes of Parliament if thty'consented to allow the pension now proposed to dsoendto his son. (Hear bear) I wish now to address to the President of the Board of Control two inquiies relating to matters of a very different lind, though they have referer.e to India. The first point to wlhich I a Ivert Is one of wrhioh I gave notice on a former eveing, ad relates to what Is called the Clive Fund. It is prohbby within his knowledge that In 1765 the great Lord C111ve, on eeeiing a leguy from Meer Jalfier of 70,00OL, generousy pald that largesum into the treasury. Sir H. 'WILLOUGHBY rms to order. This was a subeet totally at variance from the question now before the rouse, and he thought it would be tter If the right hon. gentleman would take another opportunity of referring to it. (Hear, hear.) The SPEAKER.-As I underntood the right hon. baronet, he was proceeding to ask questions on matters tbat were .not immediately relevant to the subject under discion, especilaly as he had already given notice of these quoe3tions for arother day. I cannot hesitate In saying that it would not be In accordance with the rules of the House to take such a course. (Hear, hear.) Sir J. PAINGTON.-I will, of course, at onoe bow to the decision of the Chair. If I understand It, but I do not act&uay aee in what positon I stand. I eertainly did state on a former evening that it wa my Intention to put the gestlons to which I have referred last night, but I did not en put them. There is therefore now no notice in my name regarding these questlons, and I apprehend that I am not out of order in putting them. I understand the rule of the House to be that when a question of the nature of supply Is before us that is a legitlmte and proper oqportumty to raise any question on which explantion fire- reiade Now, the ' t queston which I want to ask the President of the Board of Control has reference to the Clive Fund, and the second has relation to a most improper exer. , else of patronage by the Board of Control or to Court-of Directors. The SPEA]EM-I understnd the right hon. genteman has addressed a question to me as to whether the House is at this moment In a Committee of Supply in suah a manner as would authorize tie general observationshe has made. My answer to that 1, that we areoot in a Coinmittee ol Supply In that seuaeof the word. We arenow considering a particula vote'on a particul motion relative to the services of General Havelock, and the introdua. tion of any Irrelevant qustions wrould not be in aocordanoo with the regular course of procedure. Sir 3. PA1XlNGTON.-.-I at once bow to your decson, Sir, and I shal give notce toput the questions on another dy. (Hear, hear.) Mr. V. SMIT.H.-The right lhon, gentleman began by reading me a lecture, which he is n Ithe habit of doing, for not beMghore when the question relative to the penson of General Haveloek was coming on. I cerainly did not thinkthere was anyposible chance of an attack being made on the office which 1ill on such an ocasion, but the wrath of the right hon. gentleman was nevertheless great against me for not being present, because he wished to-put what turn out to be wholly ilevant questions. (He) I had no obli. gation to be present, seeing no notice was given me that such questions were to be put, but I am ready, notwithstanding, to state to the House the cause of my absence. I had just received a telegram from India, which I wll take the liberty to read to the oHeae, believing that more interest Wll be felt in that than in the questions of the right hon. gentle. ma (Hlear, hear.) I will only asa that in the manner in which he dealt with the question teO right hon. gentleman left It most unfairly. Hee knew that the answer to the question about the Clive Fnd would involve a great array of figures and require very close inquiry. Then, as to the charge of improper patronage, I must say he had no right to bring forwardr a statement of that kind without being ready to substantiate it on the spot. Havin ad thurmuch, shal now read the W ommuLUE atBon from India. the right hon. gentlemn was aboult to read the teleram lie hd zeociveg from India, when The SPEAKER said, ths right hon. genUeman was out of order in referring to the quesfions of the rlcht hon. baronh (Sir J. Paklngton). He submitted to the right hon. gentle. man whether, as notice of the questions had been given, he would not reserve his answer till the questions were put. Mr. V. SMITHf said, it wras not his Intention to go into those vestions at present, but to read the telegram ohich hetheld inhis hands. [The right lon, gentlemaen then red the telegram fromlndla to wrhich he had referred, and which wI ll be found among our Indian news.] Sir H. 'WILOUGHBY did not understand the right hon. gentleman (Mr. Gladstone) to doubt the policy of dscussig the meriss of distiguiosed officer to whom grant of mone t reroposed to be votedm but he concured h ith hlmint tinhg that if they laid hold of distinguished men. aned declared that They hra not been sufnfciently rewarded, they infringed the pricitples of the constitutibn, which made thevCrown the founytan of honour. HIe he been aentoes to ask the Gvernment to make some mgo-erate provision for Lady Barnrd, but he had cefrained oromp so doiinhgbecause any such recommendation ought to originate brig i aBil edg2n ~the resolution that 1,00i01.pe natural life. The Bil wassubsEequenlntkly broBught in bythe Chancellor of the Exchequer and Kead a first time, and ordered to be read a second time to-morrowv (this day), SIIPPLY.-DIDLa The report on the motion for S3upply wvas brought up by MWr. Fs'znoy. On the question that the report be agreed to, Sir J. PAKINGTON trusted that he was nowv in order, and might address his questions to the President of the Baoard of Control. He was estrmely sorry that he had made the right honm gentleman so angry as he jUst nowr appeared to bs. The right hon. gentlemans had charged him with being in the habitof lecturinghim,-buthoe didnD.athinak he had ever lectured any one so much as the rig,ht hon. gentleman had-just lecturedhirn. The right hon. gentleman also said he had coniplsined of an 1mproper exercise of tho the patronage of the Board of Control and the Board of Directors, and that he had nevdrtheless abseiined from risng to substantiate that charge iniiedtely, as it was his duty to have done. But the Speakier had dedded that he w as out of order, and hp was now putting the question as eaxly swas possible. His firstquestion related to the Cliv FV ud. O On ona&y evening head outthe terms of the question hewishedto putuon this subject,butiftherighthon. gentleman wished toW i v6 further tine for ansswering it he had no objection to defer is question. He wished, how. ever, to elicit information i a subject of eur interest in conne sion with the f ird which was noiw being raised with so much generosity in all parts. of the empire for the relief of the suerersofrom the rebellion in India. The great Lord Olive in 1765 generously left for charitable pur oses a legacy of 70.O00L., bequeathed to him by M 3er Jal er. Lordl live pid tbis fund into tbe Treasury at Calcutta, and devoted-fhe inteest to the support and relef of European officers and soldlie who might be decayed or disabled, and also for the relief of the-widows and orphans of Enropean officers and soldies who might die on servlce -Inindla. H e wished to-know whethertheright hon. ge ez tleman would give' the House lany inforination vas to the resent state acnditionofthisfund? Nearly a century aielpsed sinceth is fundhadbeendevotdby Lord Clive to a most charitable objeot. He did not know wat might have been &ine with the interest of that fund in the intervAL but It woui a br atisfactory if the right hon. gentleman would stte -whether the interest had accumulated, and whether the fLun-d outd ,Nrnish- the -mheans of additional support from which the slaferings E sold,eran in india or their wifdows In this country. mi relieved. Hris -4other question - 'herred to a clrTmstanoe whch, if crestly ted ap re4to be an improper and unwise exercise of Ii - a p present maoment. Hre had-eenasa&lrtntenwpprwt regard to the arangemnt of p,5ronag e year 185, It was stated that 311in0 antry cade' wer be sen out t Dourl for the yeanl18 8 eut3ge 12lp ofc on saiderable number of cavalxy cadets, but what 1 i. 1 to call ateniton to wasthts exerclse of patron in appoiting| 110 infattry cts3for the Bengenat1iverm.. Whatwas. the ate of that Bengal native alun ? E bele,s.hM 46regiments of that army had mntmied, and thttwo ha been disbanded. tssuming the etatement to be correct tt 48 regiments had preoticaly.one, -he que tlon would nata. rally oocr, "Wher are theofficerof those regimestT Theofflcere of those regments ountod utlo from i,hoIx number were to be dedutd those wo hadded and those who held staff appontm4nta *cl4l ooffle Bst, after all these' dedactions, hewaa, not ovjerst the cae - when-he Assirted that there musti be a body of tl or 700 ofricers iho bad held comdissions i native x regime, .and ho weXe ronow wholly unemploed.' 'e put it o the House whether, at suclh a moment, when Lthere were gonmany offlec,rs l :India for whom the :East.ndia Comnr p wre_ bound to provide, 110 militar cudegh ouA to b iadd toQ the Bengal army? He bellevedthit,-wh'n.oncea n6 , these cadets,tundei the reguaticnswofhe Esnt IDlaCona. pany, had a claim upon them for gradual promotion madsubsequent employment. He thougt that the House was entitled to have some exfluanatio of thesewfacte for ib -i p. peared to be most objecoionable and uinfair i a finanial Poynt of view thatIlO officers szou1dWesenk9ubaStime when so many were utemployed in 3diA, - Mr. V. SMITHI must replJ to the first question tht although eh heard the right bon. gentleman reading a notia o9f qisestlonton the Olive F;nnd,> yetru he did ftot eeoit next: day upon-the paper, he thought that.the; rght honi gentlenasn, for some reason best know-to himself, jdid noblnteni to-ask the quetiton.; ana. he h not, ,therefore, provided himself 'ith an answer. The qeonlr sone volvlg figures and details, and he thought the rfighthon. getemann ',rould do well to abtain- from ptti it ms e w enabled to supply the oaesa a With Segard tothe second queston, it was desirable that suelnquieJshould not bermade without some sort odnotlee, -Tb othet day he had provided hiMielfirith papers n thi s et; but, Lord Ellenborough 4aftdg atlc4da quesionnpovit, hi had given the papers to a noble fred ie the other House In whowe possesion they stl wre As, however, the right son. gentleman had made a chage of a of patron hc might be permitted to say that the r hthon.gentle was not quite correct in hIS estimae of the officers klled in ndla, He was afrid the rlghthonh geutleman would fiua the nurber greater than hehad calculated. - om mentb of cadets to Spply the loss of .dets nd s"'j I the native regiments restel-wthtbe Eoardbf Directors, ad, although the Board of Control might-trere, it was not 21s5l to interfere with the appointments of the Court of ;Directors, which were made der tathaority of Aot of Parzlament. The fact wasr that theDirectonr bad not: supplled anmthing liMe the number of vacancdes that pow exited in India. -When- the right hon. gentleman talked of infautry rTegiments being disbanded a disarmed e didnot.surely suppoae thatwowere about to.conduct. ahe affirs of Iadie without any native troops watever. It was not to be supposed that for 'purpose of Police andAWort alone we cotld'do with less than hMf the number of hative Infantry hitherto existing. The offriers now In India were mostly of highei rank, and it wa neceesary to supply thowat os ensigns and cadets, from whatever Cause exist. ing. With regard to some of the offiders trown out of eMs. ployment by recent everns, the Directore hbepd-to Oemuo theMA In these regiments 'o cavalry *hlck were ing rabea h'y the East India Company below the standard oftheHore Guards, and which would be sent-out to India- If this explanation wre not satisfaetory the right hon. ganleman could put a question on any future occason. Sir J. PAKINGTON.-How many Bengl regments remain? Mr. V. SMITH-Very few indeed, I am afrad. I can. not say the exact number. INDIAN FI.AITCE. Sir H. VMW UGUBY understood Ithat the Goverment did not intend to take Supply iu any shape before Chrimas; but he wised to ak the Chanoellor of the Exchequer whether the Governm4nt intended to adopt the reciommen. datlons of the committee of last session on Publc Money ? He wished also to know whether it would be possible to place any estimate on the table of the expense thrown upon the asst India Company in consequenoe of the great in. creas of British troops sen' to Indla He feared that sooner or later, and in some shape or other, a port1on of those charges wouldfall on the people of this counnr. * rehould like to know the means ,bwhich twas proposed to meet this expenditure out of Indian revenue, and he wihed that the House should have some opportunity of lookiug at thepe charges before they were incurred, Instead of being caled upon to sanotion them afterwards. Thp:e bad been a orat depression in East India bondp, andi he wished to sr,ow ebter many application had beens mde for the inter.- ference of the Government In sustaining the credit of these bonds ? If the Chancellor of the' exchequer could inform the Houseas to the ways and means out of which the Direc. tors could meet their present increased expenditure it would be satisfactory to the House and the public. Mr.- HUDSON sdd that the qiestion how India onght to be governed by thsdountiy wias-one' of a very important charaer. It would bo a long time before it would be safe to trust India to so large a body of ' atlve troops after the trechery and ferocityi they had-dispUyed. It would th*erfore be necessary to kepp up a muach larger European force :than hitherto, but he dtd not think that so many -new ap.;pCintmients should be ideuntill Parltosent bad ba -au oppotunity of considering the question. The free action of hatEHouseoughtnotto-be prevented by making any tore appointments thanwere ahsolutelynecesa. He was sorryto see that the President of the Board of Control had lt the House. It was not very respcectful in that right hon. gentlemlan, after answering a question, to-take uQp his hat and leave the House when the affairs of India were under discussion. The OHAITCELLO3 of the EXCREQUEE-I am quite sue tbat nothing could be further from the mind of my right hon. friend than to be gulity of any direpect to the House. (Hear, hear.) We are not at present in Committe, of Supply. The report has been brought up, and tihe Speaker i In the chair, and if my. right hon. friend had remained as he has already addressed the House, he would not have had the poer toopen his lipe ianamwer to the remari of the hon. gentleman who has just sat down. The House will, I am sare, agree with me that nothing could be moro inconvenient than upon the oicason of a formal stage like the bringing up of a report toI enter Into a general discussion of Thian policy, when no notice has been,Pgiven of such a debate, and when many members are absent who would wish to take a part in such a discussion. (Hear, hoar.) I will not, therefore, follow hon. gentlemen into a general debats upon the state of India, or the best means of reforming the government of India, but I wll merely answer the quos tions put to me by the hon. baronet (Sir H. WMllough. by). The first relates to the report of the Select Committes of.lad seedon on Public Moneys. I have given my careful consideration to that report since the end of last session and It is the intention of the Treasury tq mxke a minute stating their views on that report, and declaring the course which tho Government intend to pursue. I propose after the holydays to lay before the House a copy of that report, and wil then state to the HIouse the steps which the Government think It desirable to take. The hon. baronet next asks me whether any estimates can be given of the probable expense to the East India Company of the additions to the European regiments which have been sent out to India. All estimates of that sort are necessarily some. what imporfect, but I have no doubt It will be in the power of the Government to furnish some approximate estimate, at all events, to show what additional charge will fall on the revenue of India under that hesa. There is, however, one polnt which I should wish' to explain. C3ar. tain advances are made to the Indian Treasury out of the votes of ths year. The practice has been to advance four months' pay to all the troops sent out to Indis, and oertain stores have also been frnshed to the East Indio Company out of the votes of this year. These charges will come to be repadd by the East India Company, but the House will be aware that this is a moment when it will be difficult for tho Company to make these Xepayments with great rapidity, and there i5 therefore a prospect of some additional charges in the ature of advances, and not in the ndare of ultimate charges, which may come upon the military and naval votas, and partiularly upon the army esimates of the preent year. Those advances may somewhat Increase the tomporary charge of the votes onthese estimates, beyond the estimates of last se-sson, but the- revenue of- the-Briish Government is amply suffiolent,-as anyone may see who will look to the Msate of the publlp ldeposits as shown by the Bank returns recently laid on the tble, to 'meet any possible exigencies of our expenditure. (Hear,) The third questlon of the hon. bar'onet relates to the bonded - debt of the East India ConsPany. He soegwhethetrthe Goveltment have-refuted per. ission to the Court of Directorate -risethe rate of Interest On Indlaj bonds. -'I have no - doulbt that the hon. baronet has -received correct Information -on_ this subject. [Sir H. Wlloughby.-It was merely a - guess. Then the hen. 'baronst't guess was qulte coirret, for it Is qttite true tha%t :the Board of Control, with. thte consent of Her-Majesty's -Govermnment, concurred- lurefoslug permission tis the East fndia Company to rais the rate of interest oni their bonds They thought that -the depression in'the value of India bonds was owing to extraordinary cause. Delhi was vot taken, the mutiny was stil raging, and the depreeslon reemedrather to affect the credit of the Comvpany Itself and the. probable receipts of India, and to relate to the' value of the -principal of the bonids thma to the rate of. Interest. as it was fluctuating In the masrket. Her ?ajesty's Government therefore thought that it was not desirable for the Company to ake any stePs - to reulat the rate of interest until the cause of that de=rslo a passed over. TLhere *as no actual necessity it thait maoment to raise the rate of interest ; a year'a notice mnust be, given before the bonds acanbe paadoff, ina Itaseimedto -us not desirble for the Companyr, inithatastate of -thIngs to bring i;n additionaLl chrepo-hr %e venu 'rel for the Purpiose o'f suprigt~barater-iad credit of thogs. bond, -when it Was inanifMa t'hat %their character-and credit Were 3not Impugned, and - that any depression that might itwas owing tupolitical causes which .Awsphoped would' spedil ecse.That.' Sir, was thie ground on which theI Govenmet rfusd- its mrimsson to- the resolution of the - Court of Dlirectors, anud ILmpep&redtdefen& that refusal- ~fhon. gentleneni shoul impugnlto Te aou whbich the East Indian Glover-nment Is autborised to. raise upon bonds Is 7',009,O000. --The 4expea4iture Exchque ha at ny imebeenchagedwith the expoLense tireIndan overmen ha eve ~ben adeby Nsigiasd, Or- flltherto'he whole ctf the -expniatteof I.ndia-has-beeie-~ W8r Io ook to thecolatlnusane of ibthstakae f thiUgeat soont as India shall, bAay ~saseda rbhteIrsn rs Itis possible thrAt while, 0 Dprsumnt stat-e of.anarroby eontimues In some of the provilos oa India, the Inadian Treaury inby be unable to meet some of th went epn-ditttre of, th East 144M1an.43ernmont;4 tIut Its ifleinxof borrowing ma'-,be somewhat crippled, andL that souS llmited and temnporary assisftance may bsk required fibm this H*use - I fe el ssred that -If, ow a 'faul stateroent of Indian finance--of revnue an. expeudliturewhlch4will-be muadet to Parliamwnt in due tine, it shotldd apea thisoie assistnce In 'requisite, -tibi HoWiel alwy 4ray to give a fair oonsldertion tc quqktiono i, thzat sort, - w~ill not hestateto do what may be Aiecasary for. the'mslnE., tepanoeof4ouriddlan' empire. (Hear,hear). At the same 4tine I m bound'to statethat as at -preient Sdv1sed Ido4 inot anticipate any large or seriousi charg to'thisi country irising from the necessities qf he Indian Excbe4uer-. My' bolsef is that the Indlsn revenue will be -founcd before long ~c1entemeetlargepart of the cufent.e edture, asnd-gt ihattierdit of the EA Indit oinpany wjltbesuy. I1 Lfoictitly restored to enable them to borro'* what masy be'~ oneessar to supply the deficiency. AnduAlthough -Ishould' i~ase of necessity not hesitate t appea1.foWte iberality of' :Parliament, I do not anticipate that the occaion wll N.- .iuh;a that any formidable or seious demiand should hev ~rnde hatlierait. (C*her). Ihope:the.HTqeqawilsee_ MMlt reference to a future which Ir necessarily uncertaili Hear),'Ispokonlyfomthewunta have ohithsgtoI VIenrebely"eIanIotunder6ktoispeauith certanty as: itothe events of the nextfew monthsf. The Housemust see fhow ra Ily venta alter in ashort time ; but whatlIstate isL9de an the besikuagmeut that Me.ap jesty,s Govern. !mlentoan'fornmwith referoeto the Past, I trust that the House w iuderstad me to haveb spoken 'with that duec zesere whis the, progream of a' mutiny endiog Sn.- m)ore general ravoltneeessarily dewoans. '.tCihersA). - 36~. W..WILTIA MS'ylhh io know wherthieiaZ moant 'advsnoe PA4boeen dr&wnt fromt any MIsuu of the Votes of last sesson, and if to. -fromA what dekrtcaent of thepublic expenditure that surplus adbeen. derived. - .that-hasbeen followed isexactly 'imila tothatwhichin all' ,hve beeu.nmde on a Laxrger sal, they wil leave more tin. ~prnt eonsequences. The practice is to give four mofith' n2um beof Eurpa regiments Sint to India has been lasge Emta "W er the anmber *Ml e extremekly Jag-With regird both to the. advanc;e otEpay Adtheiadvance of storas, the mine prictfoe win be, pursed this yera nforrner years but fromzthe cirumatanee,tht *Ge aeset40,000 men inxtead cL-2,00D'ir 3,.Q00`exe, it is clea that tho temporary chrg hop h -upon the British .Exchequer willbe lagerth inonydlarry6yer Theordi-. nary practice vill have to be mnultpid by7 a differet figure. WIth regard to the surplAu, It lsiothlng more thau an advance made out of the votes of the year. The report was then agreedto. Mfr. WIlSON gave noiSe that it would be necesary to move that, 'the Hfouse reslve. Ilsef Into A Committee of +Supply on Friday, but that It was niot the Intentioa of thek Goverment to propose any vote -in iupply' before the It was o4ored, on thte motion of Mr'Wirsoc, that the estimates for the army, navy, and ord one be laid before the House. BANK ISSUES flDEMNITY BILL. One the question that this Bil be read atbird tine, S3ir H. WILLOUGHBY mid gtha the Ifoue was now ageeng to. a currency law for three months; He thought tht Prliainent oughtto have more'dlsthot isnformnaton of ~the tasahat led to the necessity of -the recent suspension of the Boak Act than, It hand hitherto receIved. TAe most useful course which could be adopted'would. be to appoit a committee of a few lntelligent.imembers to. raw cut and set on recrd the various *facts; which had o6currhd inthe city of London during the' last aix weeks ln reference to this crisis, so that the Honsecoould form its own judgment u'pon them, and could make useseof them in devising a remedy for theiresent unsatisfactory state of things. Itmnight be true thFAt no undue pressur ba talken place, but, ~ome.qurlous facts had come oirt In a remark. ably dmvr-city article in 27w Times of the 17th of Novemher it.was' disinctly aldleged that there had been, fontl play. If to that statetent was coupled the evidence given before the Houau of -Oommons committe that suchi things were possibe, It became -very desirable that -all that hadt taken p lac should be-known ian set onrecord. Hladitcoometothe when the Bank resource were very low-say the 12th of November-a sinigle bill discunter had come upon the Bank ot En ~d for1earl 1 000,000l. 1 It had been shtatdalso that the hre rumour 6;~t these demrands were not satisfed al at once ha been turned into an insinuation that thoeBan hka4 refused to'rhake any furtler advances.. This was the soz oftW hicIIed~ id the resosureco the First Lordof thl4W= an the Chanellor -of the Exchequer had been subjected to adTise the Bank directors to break the aXW,-a piqe of advice which they aiithelr wihEora had follo!It.was. scaroely fair to uthe First- Lord- of the Treasury and the Chancellor of the Exchequer to plsce them in a.Ixostion of sOulh respo nsebility. -The Chancelor ofgte Exheqeiheonerevnig a objedg to the charge of tain ythie letter to the Bank debased- the currenc ad a ted th value of all contracts,' but'notbn couldt be clearerg.thathis fact. I ih etuta ntr rsn instance the action had beenx Tery. small; but If only 14,500,0004. of paper money on securities: 'could be Issued by law, and if any persons ouald 'bring aibout the addition of 2000,OOW.or any other amount to that. 14.500,00, pro tanio the general quanutity of eurrency in the counr a Incrased, and the relation between the qus,tiyorf c,urrenoy and'theq uantity of com3moditieswwic Itwassupposed to circulate was altered. It was impossible to deny that the effect of suchL a proceeding was to cheapen the currency, a.nd that was althat bdbeen contended.fo by those hon. gentlmentwhosviews theChancellor of the Exchequer badobjected Suppos that, instead of %OOO,0004, 10,000,0000 of sbotei adbeen by ome means or ither got out in excess of-the legal limit, would not that-have had tte e-frect of debasing the currency ? (~a,hear.) The principle was the sane in both o-es.hat 'the effect of such *an. enormops incirease of the paper currmenoy would be upon the country everybody knew, and the House ought to be extremely cautious in dealing with oven the, slightest approach to such a slate of things The prese state of thing a most muntisfaciory. The Gove'rnment.- had certainly the preocdent of the letter of 1.847 to rely upon; but the salte of vacilation amid uncertainty in which the Government of that day were In before the Issuingt of that letter was most slngular, and ought of Itself to point out the necessity for devising a remedy for the present system. On the 20th of October, 1847. a deputation of Liverpool mnerchants waited upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the day-the present First Lord of the Admiralty-asking for a relaxatoion of the Act of 1844, hutthywrtodb the right hon. gentleman- that such arlxto a entirely uncalled for and would not be sanctioned by the Government. And yet oni the 25th of the same month-five days after-- appeared the letter of the right hon. gentleman andt the member for the city of London, authorizing the Bank to break the law. Surely that was not a f4ir way of treating theprouctveIterstsof he ounry.Itmight be diMfi cul t deis a emdy,bu Itwa th dtyof the Govern. the reaestassstace n tat ndevou. (Her hear.) Mfr. VANCE thought it was fimpossible by legislation to provide against alternate seasons of comimerciad proprity and depressidon, but It was possible very rauch to aleviate the severity of the pressure 'when the evil time arrived. The crisi through which the country wxa ntow passing bore more resemblance to that of 1837 than to any other. In each cas the derangement In the currency was produced by the same cause.. In 1837, as now, there was a, gret tempta tion to certain capitalists to raise mnone upon bills disn,n upon Amaerican houses, in.. or-ter tg tend the produce of them to Anmerica, to en'o the highe rte of interest given there, and those bUll swelling" tro a most enormous amount on both occasions had seriously doranged our curreno. Iq1837a great Amrican firmn had to come to the Bank for sassstance in order'to save themselves from the effects of their lavish advances inx America; in 1857 another treat Americon firm ha to do the same thing, and if the Bank grante the advanes it -was not upon prn ciple, butainply to avert the alarming consequences w1,hrih must have flowed from the stoppai of suchi firms. The crisis of 1847 originated chiefly fro the scarcity of food, which ne6essifified large importations of! corn, and the speculations in corn which uaroe largelyderanged -the currency. With Tegard to the mresent Bill, he gve it his cordIa support, and he would Eave, superted ill of Inclamnity-to the Bank if it had paid out Its last sovereignt-to stave off a-st%te of affair in which an honest solvent trader wioutld haLvebeenx unable to geat advances cm. genuine and available securities. The onl suggetidon. which h-ad beena thrown out for an alterationto the present state -of things. was that ot the hion. mnember for North Warwiclishire, whLo had proposed a sort of double currency.-convertible and bnonetbl paer~ . He was, afraid great confusoion must ars from shch a system. To unconvertible paper would be at a large discount and it, would motbe available for foreign purposes. He himself had a sggestion to offer which, though he was not wedded to it mfgt, he .thought, some tuiie or othor find favour witli the oeis6.' It was indeed a virtual repeal of the Aet of 1844, Ent still itkept nup.te chief proviions of it. He would iniiston the Bank contiUning to publish Its acounts, but much more i In detail than at present; he would 'have them inform the public what the "other seouritiese were; whether they were bils discounted or advances made on mercantile bills, and he would not apprehend plalg thewhole managenent of the relaxing powet In the hsu di of theBastk. The chlef objection ans theoperation of the Act of 1844 was the. break which there w between the time when it was Inn force and the time when it was suspended: -Firms which ot nto difflculties ebefore the Act ws suspended wrent Lien, but those which just managed t¢ tide over the critlca' not be a wihit more solvent. This b.e.d 'might 'be sveided ballowing the Bank to act upon itown respntibility Thislras a serious resfponsibIty - It wa the resonsibilit ofNtopping payment if they dinot secnre their reserves ew vas awara that the Bankdidnotwantthatresponsibility. One seat reason rhythey wished to reain'the present Act was that they mightavoid that responsibility, and that ip case they tould-ibe brought to stop payment they might be able to throw the blame on the Government, who hd authorized the transgression of the limit. - a sw very much surprised to lear It stated the othernight by an inember, a mercantile ntan, that the ors banlk hsad an 'unlimItd circution, and that the. good ienwe of tbe ple had provented them' from issuing too much paper. The fact ws quite tfie revers. By the Act of 1845 the avepegea of- the Issues were taken, and'aftet that &'firther 26ues were allowed to be made exoept they were secured by gold. That hdgemet answered most satieaetorily Irealnd. It W# most oroditable to that 'country thAt there had been so over-speculation, no'bill to * large' pg9lt pu.ut o *lq4ap for whiqh Tvau, hblnot. ben received, and that its trde and commerce bad been coadneekd 'otbeh IAld JI pa menia erobort eredih,. The mehn. inerAber hWan d thotbereabogld bha peinl %mament SInt. amll dw-without vale zacelivd. Such a eaten`t iwesld, prevet t 1heEBk ot 3riland gr"tiug drauhis o th Bnk of 'Engd if it d not happen to. haT JsA the x m . ind. leg- to Its eiedit in the Baak ot England, and It o also: areain 'Mee awig on their ctrespondeats usidet smar sircuanstanoes Thor. had been many.indket hint throWn eutabout irprov' the circultiou in Ireland,the cibef of wblc'h was tt Bnk of England& anIta shouldbi reede-a legalonderinthat country. Tere vsaQ Ioeao.nwiaVeer. foi such a step He wA4unlly &Wair efilie' noeuivce of having to bring over aquantity of aovurerout frorsvtle,3ankofEnglsng to meet a ru o b nk; the wholedity w6uld ba 'aoided by ma.kng the noke of-tbe Bank ol Ire land a legalten'Lck in the ) handsofte other bank. It had been statei last night that it Wnquite inflosible topgt the ve of notee nssfarsa.1o;ooo,;, lbut seeing the rate at Which the Vldd'tc reney had tnerei-one-third in thb last at ytari-and bthat- it tnlountUd now to at last 5Q,000,O000, he thought.t1 wasquitepossible io redtce thereserve within tbat llilt. .He had&gone into tbe BZnk oorn-' mittee, not to 'leach but to'lear He had leariit in -that coinmitteeh necessity of the convertibility of papea, and ' 'he had been on'inoed * b ht 'e had herd there that for snny jespest'the diresofthttcB^nk of EDngland had managtd itwith the gredates. integrly tand prndence, and. with as mush r 4fortbe intt of ixe publie as'for, th* advantage oth,eir arloldt 'Hiear, hear.) lXr, YiSO rdil Aeportheaill io IndemmIy. andnthanled the Gov ent .for haing etpended the Act of 1844, and thereby reied te eoun froni6te perilons state to which Itw rpid drtng I had onfidently expected, as long baok.sg last5 thatt hefremut -b a. supenidon-of the t,.ad-ever morningfor some time bWore it atereihe alookedanxlously ini te papers for th Governm nt.letrpto the Bank directors,. -Perhapg, er 1ie whole,^it hid ben ,litletlong del }. Heh'ped; tha the Goversmentwold no-allow the presenthigly unsatsfacf&y sYate ft go.o without omeatem at a remedy. Few m- e hadhia ore eperec of money mastters thar 'h,e had few<had had ThgeF dealng in it, or badhad grs ter spdof it, audhearoudtosaythat ;thete was not auingeuuderngin.whiehlleibatdexpehjdej ,the pubElic 'money whiceh had not proved 'oeneficlto the s o Ide aid of dta t the' ublie a large *(Huui, heatr.) Hle h'ed attned te eD2rnmittee of 114 me assdunouslyt sad he renaemrBeted Sir 11. Pee,' in aonverotion 'with'urn .a t'tt' committee, atributig te scrcity or. money to thfe aiodsandsakix1 him where the thtousandst of po thidh had beenSpent on them had come %rom His anwer that they came.from the VW eveof the etfea, audeoonomiel mtp of thecountry, wise-but for these rlwa wuld have. -pt. ihteir Tnoaey-z rin tr*tjn inveetmenU ts(Hr.) 5Sir. Peelconld not denytkat the g,reater Part oa this noeoy bAa-gone into the pockets othe lIndown , froneM r' and simila clawes and that very little f it had gone into foreign invetments. The GoverAment hAd been biame it some quarter for nlob standing by the klw. 'But 'What Gever4tnett would have daed to stand still and let the people stave, to arry out a princi=ple ' (neer, hear.) In 1847 a deputation of Ivyer; poolinercbant walited on the Governihent 'to ask for J relmxatlon of theAct; butt the Challor of the Exchequer of the d6Y, the present ,irt6 Lordof the Admiraty, sId he could- gve i btne. Some .lientlenem frora the north bad waited on thqight ho gantlenan in th' Atkust previous to teliluim, that hey f oresaw that tlbre iould be a scarcy ol money, andto ask the Government to takerste to meet uch a crisi; but the right htoh gentlenman, witLh hi ural plesnt ay- of ptting off matteru, olyr ad ta them "Odh*, there's tof disconn to be ig-oten paper kad god ecuruty. He. himsel o9 the Strday. Yefore the gof:thel ctter,hpA eccson to pay some O0,0OO. or 70,OOL HEt had i,00f.~Of Exchlquer.bills, aud th-ough be faled ahltLe money dslemj± th~e city to get auadvanoceon thex, le cbuld.not auced' Re was told that he must st them,' and that even then he must submit 'to i' h-arv loss, ,He then took them to the Chanoellor of the Exchequer, and aed him for an advanoe on them, but the answer he got was that the public had, drawn so mach money from the Bankta there oould not be a rl scarcity. It was traw that there was money enougb, but nobody hE4 corge enough to p-r with it. Evtybody was armed and buttoned up their breeeMes pockets only anxious to cecure'theme1ves; 7,,OOO01, or 81000,0001L of money were locked upinLombard-street at that moment, all through the operation of this Act, and it flowed out' s7pin th moment that the letter was issued and public confidenot reetored. In the prest we the deposits in the Bnk of Englad amounted to more than 14,000,000 thus that the chief anxiety o£ every man was to make hima secure in reaardto his outp%yments. With money at 10 percent. atleast two-thirds ofthose depoaits wonudhavabeen put into erculation, ha it not been for the entire Want of confidence which had come over the commercial world. No man of business pretended to be able to conduct his operations upon fixed and unalterable principles. eow iczonmstances altered the postion of things and rendered ehsngp necessar,, The plic thodght that the Government,ot-disufident Infortaioa urld thatitwustbeit 'dAuty to proiide a reme for_an aditodsvil by immedate lgWation. {:Her.) whenthe committee"hlch sat in 88 came to decide It would have Xena tioe, and the doci. don woulcihave depended o4Mh i baieg -vot of the chair.. nan, if Mr. eiLn aind the hon. meoiber for Huntlngdon aWot boen 'absent. At that tline it Was felt tat the 'ulic 'dd:tiot dhdersatad ihii Act of 1$14, but unnve'rsil opinion nowr Eondemnedthat Act.' He believed It was Waoew lated to turn a oommerdal nation Into a' xation of umurew It night have been a gret boon to tmoneylenders, but In Isis opialon It wam a scheme oGncocted for the purpote of raising the value of money and depressink I theirade of the country. He had thought a great deasinon the subjet, and he would suggest that power should be given to the B kof Egandtolue notwupoubillsmnder nfscount tothe extent of one-thirdtheirFvalue,-for, surely sankere blls and the bills of first;claa mercantile houses wreo rorth 6L 8din the 'pound. Whatever proposition &as made, he wisbed to Impreis upon the Government that It would 'give' the greates dissatisfaction, and cause the greatest disappoitment If the were not prepLar to dea witistheqgueston themselves Instead of referring It to a bomltitee. A oommlttee night be very well upon other matters, but upon this the Government ought to be prepared to say either that they would abide by the Aot and not have these samefi Tiolations of It, or that they would alter the lAw so far as to secure an elasticity which ahould relieve pressure when alarm took possession of the public mind. There was gret difference of opinion as to whether the letter canetoo soon or too late, -but if the letter had not come and the Bank had not behaved in his district inthe most liberal and kind manner, thousands upon thousands would have been out of work, and the most fearful conse quenoes woulld have resulted, It was impossible to maint%in the Act in ik entirety, and. he hoped EEer Mjesty'sGovermment would prepar a Bill during the approaing Christmas rcesm to get rid of that obnoxious aud injurious part of It whichx limited the Isue' of notes under all circumstanesw to the amount of bullion in the Bnk. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. H. PHILIPPS sid that as the same dia5rders had occurred in America, Where there was virtually a paper currency, in Hamburg, where there was a metalUic currency, 'and in England, where the currency was both paper and metllc, it was cear they were not attributable to the currency, ut to atl causes over which the Government could have little or no controL Entertaining, as he did, the old-fashloned notion itat a banker was entitled to the profit of any unemployed balance in his hands as rimnneration for the great services he rendered his customers, he diapproved the cupldity of those who expected intereet upoh those bance He never would believe that bill-brokers or bankers could pry 9 or 10 per cent on money at call without disconnting bllls of a dangerous nature. It ,might be gaid that the practice of allowing intarest brought money Into commerce which would otherwise be hoarded. Re admitted that hoaring or keeping money perfectly inactivo was not dedsrable, and that activity was preferable. Bat there wes a differeno between activity within the tounas of prudence, and a feveiish *otivity leading to ipasmodic convulsons, and enidng in perfect ex- natIon. It was very eay to' say, let imprudent !eople bear the consequenoes of their own imprudence, but .when wide-spread disaster threatened It was impossible to preVenttuchpressur belng put upon the Government as inadetheirinterference inentable. The asistance of the Government would be always loolredfor. nd persons would co4dentlT rely on that asisanee toreieve them fronx onsoquexes which theyha, themselves prodaced. But, as a correctve, he hoped the conviction would become more widoely diffused among the' community of the truth of the irinelple which was never nnore tersely expressed by the lat Duke of Wellington, "that high interest means bad ecrity." (Cheers) Mr. BAGWELL thought that any interference with the baning aystem of Ireland would be fraught with great mis- ief sand prodauegreat unesiness The circulation of Ireand wa very little more than 6,50Q,0004 Inthesouth and west a'soverelgn was very rare, and the people scarcely knew what -it 'as. The imue of the Bank of Ireland was 5,609,25 . The Iaue of the-Provincial andINational Biaks of Irland,' which affor'ded the almost entlre circulation of the aoulh and wrest was 2,109,05M Any interfrenoe with $hOPSOvinOI51 or NationalBank by restricting the isse of heir notesortheissne of JLnotes would haveaverybad Tffect upon the agriculturl transactions of the country. I Tnere were. three or fo'ur' joint-stock banks iu the north *f Ielnd, issuing their own notes, and their circulation imounted to about the same as either' of the southern banl Irshmen were not often c6rntent with their lot (a 4anh),b:atinthis arulearthey wore. Theylookedcupon bR Mhg e6 baning stem, and not as jobbing system. They wep satisfied t h,; geiting 3'per cent. on deposit. for three months. (ear, hear.) If hey wanted to speculate they had only to draw out their money and bring it over to England, where they could get 8 per cent. He thought, however, that the givng 8 per oent. on -money which was anly lift for a month showed, not bond- fide banking, but jobbiug. (Eeer, hear.) He desired to restrict any propendty forjobbing, but not to restict legitimate trade, which was the-lifeblood,ef a country.' (Hear, hear.) Whatever arrangements were madebl the Government, he hoped that, as the rrish were content, they would be left alone with their joint-abock banks and their' lle-notes. and thAt they would not be forced to circulate only Bmnk of England or Bank of Ireland paper. The Tipperary Bank wans'arried on by means of Bank of Ireland paper; f they had Isued their own paper they never could have perpetrated one of the most gigantic' swindles eyer known, because no man in Ireland wonld' have trustedathem without tho Bank of Ireland paper. e heped that' under the circaumtances the Govern ent'would not interfere with the Irlsh banks. (Hear, hear.)' exMr. KIa, in replyto sorne obfervations from Mri. VAire explained ttat what' ho had said on a forsuer'oocaslon was thit there had .been no over- Isse in lirland, ad with regard to fraudulent bills of exchange, that he had no in- tention of lneluding In the desoription of -bills- of -exchange' drughts of the Baik of Ieland on tho Bank of Enulzad, whith he considered more as bank ordera or bank post biUlls Mr. ADAIS thionght there was a defect in tbh Chancelor of the Exe'lequer's statment, inasmuch 'as it contained no iadicatoik of theo tuy, of the ppessure put upon. the Goveznment to inde them torelaf the Act. He ooo I cured in all -the exprod6onasf tbankj-w-& -hd tb t!er,zed io the Gov*rsniut for the "Ia-t h. deeed t .quetio whthe -te _e.rtion ahoulld-~ havtakn paceaft4muesler pelaw.1 lea` hem), HO did not agree with the hon.ember or Evesbam who, recommended thegpo1utuient of , 6otusmtbee: to inquIr Into Thepresentci'beueni tn~Ua ow rent-woire matter of idtory it wowl beaae w AnSd' unelt to make itioarles iato ts poition of IrM ofeh an which miniht entail serioscnse eaes fHez her.)1 weta all agreud thAt it the A~j4{ ~ ~ - tamned theie must., 6e relalgPwr~ihr a that unless thers was-,~gaul--~4y~~f~ h eobnceg werethe W-holenchinewoulds, ti6 5, highly nesewaryto asOertaisthe nure ofhpw - ihe representations which wereaxdeato idqot o ment to issue the lette at ~irtcu- tme ehal highest, posiible respect for- them of e.ne Govirninentk but, w-ith *he yr f~e out of doorsag anyting e e improper ald mdir6dt in er he hoe4a* - rwouldgive :diati~bt ani poiti' _ no the pesosra from xrhom heiyIreeeivel*, b - Bg nktov7 The eHcE.LLosye sho st,pw I tnyh , t advie to onhe hemut a few inJd wenbed - a . m zember had been hin e pla s UN *e txr - tion. It was sid torav he beeupWnlo the bthtlwh whee doe,Xme tnlfd, we hby anticipationt1e - (he Bark he-r, be I tomet 5a" 2 z r hnutttadtit wb ehot In edseenee of mc repra siut - thatiteod the CGoellkit byo the Bank diEow, or d pressure 4plied. .to hem. bY dep utar.) or of rhepesentations bL mercntile EXCoHetbft *-l Cyawmsu rery t vncaed to toube ther letter. W t I tiaa ws VtiA thte tovernment noued excd yupotto tbhe hop, genhaQ tho fiaes, aid dpownV 1eir owponslk, tkoiog . I3f teh advi3iea a infpingement ef the lawdit wosa be th* mtbeto ka fob ee indhzrimly. -the jozth uipltwlbion, I Uve prenvi r ^edstn Govrnimt -ed wei tme a:-We ulooked at iemAtt hen woul hare the 1Zk a wigndo ana( vi obft,nsdwo by f nie patir of that e *fc a statement,day bJ days of their §inaeh pDdtffiue pomt those fatss bnd our mrntileoiat 'oftat hoe would be tlr oobsequeno*S if£w di& imot Adrem sua a Ioti to ihe BaVc todcde ,u issuethir letter.a I& Istaed b WaoM that ld preesurn metateve d xcl y upon tlss4ret vh * they fcoulad. npot rtheir own utmaosathlldy, -knowi that,M, (Her. Ihy dvo.dal nf-lnekttedn4fo othe lwi ouednbenth* dtyb tomallies t degro typow -The grounls oouponjAseig ~ lacted~ prhevwioulyI 'Saw did, IL~G' mn acei t -, ' chosen~d witehhoked atheat'lettereunaid ith Ba had tbgln reandwobasie trot tuhe ovnor of that Pon astteont,a-ydy of the ia s ed rodina =anodtieeb pkon -' tho def t our aewnstep tionni wha t w ould havo lbeen as wed nto havedwithheld -theekkhe san k have died d it. taiear, h as.) I te do mot- fekw tkat In4 prasnsehateeto wats paeSdupo e envetrothe Wo11- " t wsh notld, consequeno t of fy zaprc av of inta4 vdualsrt)It- weoteto thateodeion of bht loet it hofts be*tihourgoht- tht my amwerils an waey MvoI Wm t* tothe smallesnt degree upoo hebpoEibiitM as fur has Inam tedoetht, no person Iomptained to m that the Bank we l choenult obtai-thhgld thatlethter,a tnfoygwe . thoh tHear, was.) It suh urgenhy a disom kear.) Bon t If not hre elthet from hsx.Bn hie p.. or any inddiledti ha t the Blett ta ad evtia ozfr hacoints. - as eaorsey it most be conoelvd the etBteDBut oouIa not dincout indseuerclny tepred. e IhYo no6. vdetaied kn wledeaomte"rtion,l bu etit oeI0 - tb theyg tllat a ntit of errisan way -t anyotIr -.ll dwtcetiox in toie r hon o of bindt th t Wt dheBank h.IC can only rePat tbAt I havr nopresee thaion of hivines hsrd from obinyindiviacun onyrcomplaset nf withholgfi ofBadi s eat byhe.) BIat, ans retftIe dtat I sTeota c seof Government interference nn ex "thing elRc tcm the state of tceasd u Ls exbieed t the papers not beore' the HousBn; (dear, hear.) It hel refer o the-t date of the, Bonk raserva dou wmla ee the notsh ere 6Ba hODO. an th1ith.of November, ant mnuthbe cneh t3,0L Thelettea was not sighed rtnti alter 3 o'dock:ora the d&Y- of t'he 12th,1 aD could not have reached thezity tineyenod,hato influenow. the operd tions of tho erak tin hat dao. I leave it to U thattey wi at-hatherthatwr as atayethingse rhich#* adiycretiot wthe seho omf ipprehlnlsonhojil te-part of thE- Goverdment,which mvda be aonyoderep at exerofig athhl - casme fGreatrespnsibilitr. (Hearc huor.) BeaornIe Itdowa I taty per'otps ba a sliedito reer, thergh not o mber ore h oy great Hper,thnce toa - t efert the m aeo the-gSt , hon. rentleryan the meetber fort Oxwere- 9 . Renlthe I am sdoru t ohave t reahke tlhe oorrot tIne Iuahtenceay the is geeraios vir fte Baud acuzate. Heslieae thoughth' the Government w ich mua t been aieleras6d in thelr movimentsbythreslonsledb that cery. iadephAtro.) werecomwng fromIyverpool;sthat .thorger theoghre not formally annoy ged,thereapseinditectmeaoof statemedge; thatcoming events sometimes tomt thekr ehorsr-before, snd that Tee likely the Government ae reen aele by theinrwove. of ehm cobting deputhoers. I can onl Baty I hove no re4 com feron of oivatg hal of tay intention of fomaldl snc deputatons to London, and Ido mot thiSmnk oble rionl dt otheh Govwr nd t received any rch intimatiom Certanly be did not oommunicut qa aysuoh itlfmation tet eve, ant Im can eost snoeiry stato to the fouse, that I a=u tiel tohfident tGo e Gornent were not n b the-knwaletek e8gree i41aenced in comxing to a dedsiou by the antldlpaq¢ tfon of depsteations froga iverpoolaornelanohlm (Cheeree The Bio was thenrd zo an i ird timeo depon the Lnesdo,a thadt the B I k doo ples The head of the C oNt rec aXCEEsQU cR did thatit h hadto alove did noerbo amenament iyu the fIima cltin i monseqendeof-an m osbiection teaen to it byhhisetihhtIbon. friend the membe v for the niTersity of Otefor. Thaswords of the fint clom ere Intended to be tO comprehensive Bl to prtvent any technical leI o.ection to tbe bak fsuep see gqesto cerbin numBeidf votes hspa been Issaef in violation of the law wXhich ould not be didtinghahew from tho great body of assued. It n s iporfat that teh words ehould be of ainentlc ooraprehensove, by his righth hon. friend, of the member fornght the dniversityofOoirec-irs mi_t b nomniiedwitontmalirl th tods Oo wide. words of therst clarse wereto inended tbitead oom the words. alve acs toprvnt any thechnica legalbetion to whmo th.e bank allse acs eesngta ao chertan tnubeof votsses hadhe Is foThe gream t b agodyofssue. Ito wasnimportd n tha word LsIBRARY COUITE. On the moelon of Colonel W thoug PAT the foUodir s members wire nominited a wthnding eommitteo of 16 mem. bers to assist Mir. Seo ker in the direcnton of the librdy and to whom eball be referred all mndters relting thered, Colonel Wilson Patten, Lord John Russell, the Chanoellor of the Exche uer, Mr. Nas1eI, Sir Jimes Graham, Mr. Disraeli, Mr. Aupole, Mr. lnes, thelord Advocate, Mr. Sidney Herbert, Lord N;a, Lord Harry Vane, Mfr. Monck. ton Mines, Sir WfillLm Heathoote, Mr. Bramston, and m3r Mssey; five tobe the quorum. The House adjourned at 3 o'clock. Mr. Fx_t'WrCK paired in favour of Mr. HA'XEsVs reo lItion with Mr. HvnSox against.
HINDOO .BSTIALS'. TO THEI EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In these times when so much interest is iRturalHy directed to the concerns of the native Indilan army. I have, thought thzat the annexed abstract of the religious hol%ad whicharekeptinevery regiment In the serice migg1tff acceptable 'to some of your readers. It 'will 'at once aiSow how r igil careful the beneSicent and night Royally din. posed East Indhe Company have been in attendlng'to thxa feelin a of their native soldiers. The following are the fes. tivals kiept duriog the year in my regiment:- in aU Wases ot custe and religious 3natte, native offioars Oud soldiers are left perfectly free to follow the rules sail uages of their caste. A maccadum or priest 15.appolute4t by eaqh caste, vho settles all religious differe6nces agaol the men, and his influence is very grea. The maccaduut to often more feared than the commanding offioer. I tiherely trnst that in fxture no offces in Indi will be exji ad t, attend any moig of these feivals just nierly.to pae nn. coneiliate the godd opinlon of the native 4fie_s. No j Christian shobud be expected, to vwtness ihb lcoe. Lord Campbellrs Act Is much needed; indeed ill EUdoo fesUv&lj out.herod anytbing that c be ima"iued eLow IiMb time to make a elear sweep of everytq&s ansd 3 longer to pander to (I me'an e bcourag. by our ustOeOn) the natIV_ prefudices. In thi =elebratao of thefr deng selE gB2us Q!} pantomlmes, ! . . , Y . - r.W. B. O3YSTAL Priaz.-O2m Sxmai DMt, Waeo t tz4oj.277; i to!W 7&1 a*
Wednesy Eysali2. 'he . n unda ojnot this momning at an imeotvewent 9t an eighth, but a subaequent further adyance of aqquurter per t. was not maintained. mIe market however, closed with a steady appear&nce. ' Conols for.the openlng were firat quoted 91 i ex dYiRde4, andafter having touched 911 they lft off at 91t. The statement of the Chancellor of tho Exchequew s evening that the Bank reserva d retovred, to 3,590s000i. on Monday, and the - b tation that it has since continuously Increased, Ntimul,ted the tendency to confidence by creating Kn imptIo that within 10 days or a fortnight Oey may r themelves In a condition to repay he two millions of over-isue and to entertain the quostion of a reduction in their rate of discount. ]sank Stock closed at 21T to 218, and Reduced atd New Three per Cents., in which, owing to the Consol books being shut, there were numerous bansactions, improved to 91 to i. India bonds wer, quoted 301. to 2s. discount, and Exchequer-billi 25. discount to 2s. premium- Another failure of a ! aler was announced during the day-, but it, was Qf inigificat amounit E the Stock-E1xchnge there ws no alteration in the rate for loan At the Bank of England the applications were less than on any day for a long ime past, and in the open discount-market there Mas a proportionate tendency to relaxation. The Foreign stock-market has been quiet, the imalness tranacted being unusually limited. Buenos Ayres were negotiated at 85 and 87; MexiCan, 18i and I; Spanish, for the account, 41i and 41; ditto, Now Deferred, fo; the account, 25l; Turkish Six per Cents, for the account, 92, 91k, and 92i; and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 991 and J. I The corn-market this morning showed great heaviLess, and sales could not have been presmed except Si a fua ther decline of between 2s. and 3s. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, oI the Paris Bourse this evening were 65f. Bxc. for money, and e6f. IOc. for the end of the nsionth, showing a decline of an eighth. The letters from Paris state that the bullion in the Bsnk of France continues to increase, and that even a further reduction in the rate of discount ay be expected. About 28,0001. of gold was sold to the Bank to-dy. Some gold is In course of arrival from Russ,a Whlch has been sent overland uid Hamburg. The fist parcel came to-day, and the total it is thought Wml be rather considerable. The Tamar has arived with Australian gold to the amount of 305;,769t., bhich w3ll resch lIondon to-morrow. The dealers in deposits andre-discounted biUs may .rejoice. Parliament and the Government are still dipo8ed to uphold the system which, if not the cauwe of their prosperity, has at all events been lingularly coincident vwith it. The debate on the exceptional enforcement of unlimited liability 3n the trade of banking-which, in fact, simply Involved the question, " whether the mercantile lasses are better judges of their own iaterests than either the House of Commons or the Govern10ent,"-termimted exactly as had been anticipated. The doctrine that freedomr of contract cannot in all cases be safely.allowed in Elngland, and that ParliamZent should still retain in its hands the patronage o£ granting the privilege of limited liability to such bankidg concerns, whether home or colonial, as may Conti1ve. to findl favour with it-was not exactiy expresed ia a direct resolution; but the moaion of Mr. Headlam, which would have been tantamount o an opposite avowal, wao got rid of by a vote of 118 to 47. The publio are already aware of the grounda on whieh tho compulsory introduction of Unliiuted liability into all banking contracts is conlemned. They may be resolved, in fact, into two wdoms *-lst, That it Is agaist all rational views of libertY that Goverument should interfere to dictate the terms upon which alone one indiyidual should place confidenoe in another; and secondly, That as all laws should be based on coherent principles, it is absurd to prohibit limited liability in any trade connected with the conmmodity caled money when in the trades connected with every other commodity the public are allowed freely to exercise their own judgment. There isno occasion, therefore, to enlarge upon these points. But most people will like to be told in a few words the considerations that are urged for their being set At nought. One gentleman, who seemed to think ihere was no getting over the faect that if the choice of linited liability is permitted in every other case of trading it should In consistency also be allowed in that of banking, still contrived to do good service against the cause of commercial freedom from Government trammels by expressing extreme distaste for the thing Itself. - o thought that the operation of the prohibitive law was beneficial, and his reason for that opinion was, that it protects the public, who know nothing of the affairs of the Bank, while it throws the onus of everything on the shareholders, who have cogntzance and direction over the conduct of their 4directors. What did he mean by " the public ?" 2he only portions of the public interested in ihe matter are those who may choose to have dealings with the Bank, and the simple question is whether it is not quite as much the duty of these persons to ascertain its standing and character and constitution before entering into tranactions with it, as it is that of some distant ndividual-a governess or a clergyman perhapsOut of a body of a thousand shareholders. Morerwer, as thew persons need not trust the Bank unless they choose to do so. why need Government irouble themselves specially to protect them from She consequences of voluntary acts, when they take to cimilar steps to prevent any old lady from Investing her all in Venezuela Deferred Bonds or the shares of the Golden Wheal Mining Company just opened up in the middle of Wales? wf we are to have protection at alL let us all be fairly protected like. It is too bad that those who may happen to be claimants on banks should enjoy the fxercise of Government prevision on their behalf, While the claimants on other establishments are obliged to trust to their own vigilance, although their tine is equally valuable. The next argument 'Was, that limited liability encourages speculation; isit as the same speaker had just before shown ffiat it encourages extraordinary caution by stating that he himself would not trust a limited liability BAWk, there is no occasion to deal wlth that, capeiaJly as what he doubtless meant to convey was that he would not trust Such a Bank except upon .grounds that would satsfy any prudent man. No dioubt he tsts the Bank of England, which ls a Uited liability Bank, but he does so on the fith of is capital and management. He next pointod out 'ow' well the paternal system works even in the iroctI ,,4 by mentioning tbAt the creditors of the Royal ]3ritih Bank .wfll after all get 16s, in the Vound. They have not got it yet, and he vMItted to remark, moreover, that while he Atributes the recovery of that sumto the wholesome -affect of the shareholders being liable to their lat larthlng, they would never but for the law of n limlted liability have trusted the Bank, or been 3n a Von to trouble the sareholders at a The 2AOx peaker "believed" that but for the exiung law matters would have been far woms than they eaIt Present, but did not explain the grounds of hi belief ; whether for instance, II there had been amo Uunmited liabii}ty In the cae of the Weste* ank ot ORcotland, they would have Ien trtted with 12 millions of deposita instd of 6, or would have had atill greatEr "iscilitie' from the London discount hoases.. This membermiels zought to dra somle diatinction to the effect that 4other taders employed tbeirown capital, but banera traded with the capital of other.parties ;" and as no one asked him whose capital it is a man trades with when he gets a bale of silk or a caro of tea upon credit the remark seemed to ansiwer very well. In fact, the gentleman who rose after him-an enGovernor of the Bnk or England-was so struck 'with this observation that 'he hatened to expes his entire concurrence witfi it. The House was then informed that it is the credit of a Bank that constitutes "its sole and. tre capital," a fact which i, at all events, pudeniable In some cases; since, the Western of Scotland and Liverpool Borough Bank, haying loat the Whole of their paid-up subscriptions some time back, had latterly, thas to.the discount houses, traded on nothing else. "If Parlament," it was observed, "limits the liabilities of a Bank it will also limit its credit; " and this seemed to be considered a very grave contingency, although there are some people, perhaps, who thitk it might uot thelinstac juit nmentioned have prove4 a very drous one._ Bat the truth is Parliament are tot asked either X limit or to extend the liability of jolt-stock banks, . They are simply asked not to mneddle at all in the matter. It might, moreover, have been inquired whether the credit of the Bank of England is limited by its enjoyment of limited liability; but that- did not seem to occur to any, one. This speaker then offered his testimony 'to controvert the ultatement that 'unlimited liability prevents prudent persons from having anything to do with joint-stock banks, and immediately,J.ike one of the previous speakers, clenched his statement by avowing that, except under the most cautious circumstances, "he should not like to be a shareholder in such concerns." He was not,. however, wedded to the absolute enforcement of unlimited liabilitj. All that he insisted upon was that there should be Govermment meddling of some kind-say to the extent of enacting that the liability dhould. be to twice the amount of the subscription. 'Anything rather than cut the whole matter short byrecogizing that the mercantile and financial clamae do not require the Government to teach them hoW to conduct their own affais Finally, it was urged by this member as a subject for astonishment that any one should say the system hlad hitherto failed in giving the protection it profe8sed. fle could recolledt only two instanceo in which broken joint-stock banks had not paid In fulL It is bad to trust to recollection oe statistical oiuto, and it is believed the list might be enlarged, especially by some illustrations from NPeweae. But it appeared to be forgotten thatA in all these cames of stoppage it is the delay that causes ruin. No doubt the depositors in the Western Bank 'to the extent of six: nrillins ,wllbetold " Oh, you *ill have nothing to complain of. You will get every. thing In the course of a couple of years." B13 in times like the present this is not quite so comfort. ing as the honourable Membeir seemea to imagine; and moreover it will perhaps -3s be disagreeable to these depositors to feel that, although,they may get everything, it will be by plunging hundreds of families, children, widows, at& aged men; into inextricable and life-long penury. The last speaker whom it is necessry to notice complimented his predecessor on the nature of bis views, and immedistely spoke against the moat imp6rtsnt of them by amserting that the chief objeot with regard to Banks was "s rather to cheek their credit" .than increase it. Supposing it would check It or ucrease it, however, each proposition Nerved in turn as an argument to uphold the existing system and to prevbnt the recognition of the one great principle of freedom of trade that wrould aolvi everi difficulty. Whetber the public wil think that the pleas just cited-and they comprie the whole that were brought forward-are sfficient to justify the maintenaice of an anomaly whlclii&i keeps the theory of protection in vital play, aild is opposed to the entire spirit of English Independence and self-reltance, is the poifit that remains to be solved. All the views uttered by the majority last night, like many of those by which they have just been preceded on the currency, would have seemed consistent in theFrench Legislative Chamber under the presidency of Count de Morny; but it appears like an illusion to believe that they were heard in an assembly which more than ten years back affirmed, with an overwhelming voice, the wider conceptions that were then inaugurated. The following has been received from Messrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co.:- " Lombard-street, Doce 9, "'SIr,-The observations In your City Artlole tlis day relating to our house render it incumbent on us to make a reply, and wo are glad of the opportunity of doing so, a3 mnost unfounded misrepresentations have been In circulatlon upon the subject. " We may state, then, briefly that we dld tot ask the Bank for any more than we absolutely required on the 12th ult. to meet the extraordinary demand aising from the failura of Messrs. Sanderson and Co., under a very exciteS sita of the money-market, and conourrently with it an enormous drain for Ireland, The amount quoted is corniderably beyond the sum taken. " As to our appRlcations having been made at different times of the day, hibs arose simply from the continuance od the demand upon us. " There is no truth in our having stated i that we had been to the BankIn valu;' but, in reply to a question made by a banker who called on us at the time, we stated we had not got an answer to our second application. This wa caused by the Governor being In committee. " As to the insinuation that we have added to the panw, it Is absurd to suppose we should do anything so contrary to our own Interest; but we may state confidently that we have exerted ourselves to the ntmost to render oveary asit. anoe in our power throughout the crisi to support publio "We remain, yours respectfully, " OVERBEND, GUBNEY, A1D CO." The quotation of the rate of exchangeat Calcutta, telegraphed to-day, shows a favourable movemelt of 1 per cent. The report of the independent committee appointed to investigate the position of the City: of Glasgow Bank states that, although their labours were conducted with great rapidity, the examination was as strict as posible under the circumstances, and that confidence In enttained it Wil prove substantially correct. In many cae they think they may have made an under-aluatilon. The dedatiuons consist of 90,8t16. for probable los fom debtors' accounts (of wbich about 32,OM.Ohl in con. nexiom, with firms recently failed) and 1f,9901. from the general securities, including rWlt"y took%, debentures, &c., the chief part of *hictsho ld, properly, have been witten 'off at former period. The total capital, which was originally 975,OOOL, but which appears to have been redced to 745,1101. in conxequence of sares for 229,8901. having "fallen into the hands of the Bank," Is, ifter allowing for accruing profits c., reduced only by 77,5761., the amount reaning, according to the valuations of the 6ommitte, being 667,5331. This absttract, although very favourable under the circumsances, indicates many points o bad banking-a large lock-up In railway xres andf the practice apparently of making advances on their own shares, but it seems to free tho detor from everything like a charge of intentional misconduct, and a thereis good ground to hope that the lesson they hbave received has produced its eofeet the prospet of their resumption may be looked forward to with satisfaction. A meeting of crito of Mewss Barde and Picard, corn merchantS whoe auspendon w announeed on the 16th ltj WaM held thii MoraWng, ... - - ---- -ahenthe following unfavourabe statemenc1twas submiitedc by M. Tufqiua obusatauIv: MxssRs. BAiMorr a,=D P Ac4sn, MrAR -cnA3r_ 3sU-%TS.A=EMT OF AYFRARR TO 1ov. 14, 1857. Tocseditonua,,ede .......... -~ 33,96 0 6 TO pMOM .eu0 ... ., £33,89612 9 XUMatedvalue of ,ecoIUfte ..If3..8. 14 S T0QWtod1W1fU4&=red48< ,, 17 55 o 3 E£inated valuo of sculis ..ut .. 1692Lto a 1,425 10 5 To UablUties on bills of excbaug. ... 112,6216 0 CoDAd-e1r,0s .. .. 63,025 3 8 .. bid ..- .. 47,629 12 i 4j,629124 Deduotc C&perontrkinhads ofi b. boiSe, ., ,,,.*; *- . 129514 IS 46,343 17 11 On.,U 16 S BDcshs1bandsotboflike,ssnlUhlden £1,15 14 5 Cedected from gbl lteer oonti. D debtor=G.ood ., ., .. .,23,623 3 I D.Ito, doubbfni andbe.2, £2,4611 6. - . Zt1mxledtoreallaz . 935 3 3 3pYebtmin Ame'r:oa, 4838,6M5 0 1 6 zdbimaBte&io . .al.z. 10,000 0 0 By roperb * 1..21,6 0 £16,432 12 -8 DedeSnct apa,auboIn fua . . 376 0 0 Dydobas?o,b .... .. 6.654 0 0 -- Suop1 luam6i&oxii .>; ........ IMsi- .- The labilities are thus stated to be 85,1421., and :the xssts 1O,1o61.; excluslve.of 1,4251. siiticlptea surplus from the realizAtion of secuities held by , creditors?,and propery of the valae o£ 6,82£4., at present in dispute. The debti to. the firm iiAmerica amoulit to 38,6461., ands are estimated to 'produce 1O,OOO.L; but this i& conrtinueht upon thb atlsfactory ca out of n agreement entered into by Mr. Wale, adebtor for 26,00012, and other,circmstances ing ot of the American crisis. The capital of the firm on the lit of Januarv 1856 was 24,3141. but'in this sum Mr. Wallacek debt, at that period not so large as at pretent, was included as good. The cause of the failure was stated to be losses 'from bad debts and. depreciation in property. No proposition was made on the part of the insolvents, and lt was resolved to appoint three creditors to lnpecwt the state of affiirs, the meeting being adjourned for a week. The meeting of the creditors of MResrs. Hoare, Buxton, and Co., appointed-for Friday, is postponed to M4onday, the 14th., In consequence of the indisposition of MIr. CoDlemn, who bas personally at". tended to this estate. A correopohdent writes, with regard to the pend.- inguomination of an 'officlal manager In the wind- lng-Mp of the Londonl end Eastern Bank, to reiterate| 'the augigesMion that the shareholders shiould bo put onI their guard against any influences being 2llowred to I e xrch fom hetl of famnily conuexion or' Ipersonalacquaintanceship. or The Earl of Ilardwicke from Madr,% has arrived. off Portsmouth, and landed maLId, supposed Ia be from the 'Cape, with dates down to the middle of October. The last azzlval brought advices to the 25th of September. ; Advioes'from Rlio to the 13th of November have been receIved by telegram from Lisbon. Coffee wsr firm at 5,300 relt. Exchange, 26. Nothing was loading for the United States. At a meeting of the Trust and Loan Company of Upper Canada this afternoon, Mr. W. Chapman in the chair, the report aid accounts were unanl mously adopted, and a dividend declared at the rate of 7i per cent. fot'the- alf-year ending 30th 'Seo tember lat. The net profits amount to 8,918.! wvich, with the sum brought forward, gives a total balance of 9,2301.; and, after maldng the above distribution,' 'ritltl, off 2501. for preEminary expense, and adding half the surplus profits above '6 per cent., leavee'146. to be carried to net account. 'Notwithstanding the- temporary depression from thearldas in the United States, the drectors express their cm.viction that the material interts of the province rest upona solid foundation.' '. Macdonald, the secretary to the company, has lately vised Canada, nd stated that the Iralue and security 'of the company's investrAents were greater thanrhe had previously anticipated. The Board intend making a call of the 21. remabling. unpaid upon the new shar. A mieetig of crq4it6i .of r'C F. F.Perr 5w held yesteiday at Wolverhampton, when a compodtion of 8s. in the pound was aceapted, pSyable In four instalments extending to February, 1859.' The liabllities werestated to amouit to 85,5271., the assets being estimated at 34,7951. The Aanhester Gardian gives the follqling fallures 'as ha6vinglately occurr'ed at Newcaste-onT!ne:-Mess,u - kdp' and- Co., shipbuildersW. R. Urwiin, irdu and' chaln merchaat; aMexnder Bertram,' provision dealer; G. Hunter, bacon factor and provision merchant; and Mensrs. Aydon and Ferguson. The amount paid into the treasury of the East India Company for bilLs on India from the 26th of November to the 9th inst. Is only 2,1841.
RAILWVAY INTUIGEgqCE. ROYAL SWEDISa The report of Mr. G . iller, the managing director of this company in Sweden, sates that he had not only effected a very considerable saving in the administration, to the extent of 2,000L a-year, since his appointment in Aigust, 1856, but had introdueood a much moore efficient and permanently economical management, particularly with res I to the sores, and carpenters! and smiths' departments. Phoe debts of the company, wrisingfromprevious and long-oon. tinued mismanagement, were not only numerous, but Eome ofthem heavy; the total amount at the time of his taldng office was aboat 15,000., and rauch of this long overdue. The credit of the company was consequently at an extremely low ebb, and a large amount of the property, consisting of rails and 'scarf was hypothecated for about 5,0001., but on Mr. ller gilg his personal gaarantee to the parties the propetty was released, and this and another shrllar matter were subsequently adjustd. Thefunds at his disposal we.r employed in carry. Ing on the works, and at the same timo in gradially paying of the debt of the compan.y With re-ardto tho position of thelne in respect of traffio, it bein -open in the first Instsnco as far as l)ylta, 10 miles. and in connexion wlth their branch line to Wora, U miUes rmore for goods (chiefly Iron), and passenger traffio, which has prooeeded pretty steadily, it must be more productive- as soon as the arrangement now contemplated wItl the 1To company comes into operation, The line between Dylta and Fzovi received the approval of the Goverment inspector on the 12th of January, and was opened for occa. sional pasenger traffic; but the iron required a further outlet before the traffic on it could be developed, which chanel has since been obtained. The wozks were then pushed on to the stations of Ullastter and Fellingbro vhich were reached by the middle of May. From the firstnamed station a reasonable passenger traffic may be ealcu. lated on, and from the latter a large amount of both pawn. ger and goods traffic. The works were thin extended towards Arboga, and the line was inapeot and, being approved, It wa opend on the 2Uth of A ast a4 far as Arboga for oots and pengers. URe distance from Orebro, 34, miles, was performed, run. nng time, in 1 hour 6 iminutes on the day op oenX Hebeleveeit to be the duty as wel as the interestof O c companyto finish the line to Eoping, about nine mlles more, upon whih there has been liid out upwards of 12,00w0 BegardlnR the sale of the Dropert to the Gover. ment, the price sked being deemed too hlgh, the pronodtUon for sale remains in abeyanc It appears froni the r,t that the distance from Dylt to Arboga Is 24i TRAFMO RBTUNBrW. 3aI1wa~s. SHe. n T 1l. 10Sf. 2058. ke*eMn NOV. ,. of A XIh2 n lasgowb .142 .. - AM- , . *3 6re Nrthern]] , 3 . _ _ . 22,#5 mm.759 leethDeT . 55 , . - , - 30. S36 SlIitlhff b1e'*,23 . . - 6.*5. .,. * 559 .; ,1J1 Week ending Dec S. Bdast 'and imenA 5 . - .10 . 1,1 ,050 OskaandBandon , . S0S l ; 93 OM _. _ . I 180 15] Waerf ..lacoek a,5nd .a. "- Was* -dins DM e.. Grea We*tera ,- . - . ,. 5J,10i . U Ost1 ..d Hd1yhWSt - .. *- - ,e ' C.. 4 fJO-tAMMAOflth.weetern - .. 8.5, 305 ASH 13,54..113 Z MWAn8N.. ,, .. _ .. -,. - ,. 10 .. -4 ,3 Yke 7Dlag . ,* 1k,. _ ., _ .. g.II .. I:IS BdfaatikndCounly Down 2 . . m - 2 *1!heab6v is xg o fraew ume amat *Uh we LonMu" and Nra-ee, flwOsmiae.. trzoding tb e tn s ie sdemkaka of As 34i ml4 (umArrcnbrnhs *Thus re*-r doe. not inlus. tRiuso b et the uiM,aiwda e, II--at arto -Nauw andWMOs.iton n% I nldn afthe MUSCbeebee. 3cnsh:Zrlanse A,~ reesSAg, GUdmaby Dock Lctk., &a.. sad Vhsis,e.ea resvw BIusoL SUGAR-M mr, Wednedy Dec. 9.- There baa been rathear moms Inquiry thi we. for W*tih pl aaien sugar, bnt the slese VAM' sial pust weNspIes are fully maatan.I an nseiE 38 00Uavneh; enpi. s3it~ti fdg
- 1?AIW4 - i AN 7X - . ! - jMRLWY AS 4.iNo OR. The rUilU.y-nmarket ls teeu dull, and dightly flatter. Tbe'only important vanation was a decline of I per ent. in Grat Northeriu ever obher descriptiont also dightly redad, and Lndot aniaI~oth-WeWter t contiine heavy. Gegat Western ana South. Western'were e, . , onar 9o1o. nial kllares' . epeciaUl thae,liall&iorts of Indiau, eift off With in'cWeeweakness; Indus flotMla; the 's21c,,, eit of w hto6kpTc ,Loday, erer, however, quoted i -to- i premlum. Nottraiissetions ocrd in- the foreign mrket, and t only change *as a fractlonal reduction in Pariland Lyons. Amlecua recu;ties were atdy ;aada Governraetii Bondi srere again in deman!d and improved jper cent. Mines were dull and closed viithout alteration. Joint-st6ck banks were flat and 1ilitly declined. In mdsde1aneous seitie English andasturalian Copper *ere fir t the late adance, and.OmadI LAnd w'ere nomII1r quoted lower. OBDlANY 8}iiAi Awn rn ' -
2X'J iNDWA'kUijY . C 4qr0AWrp paptW .04 ) *iwiM b Iuim Muiay hv.ebeenjutldaibetfor Rarliameat sadpzint, Theis, paprscovers 5jos *f 3oin*l0EiP3,wN14 dndexelis~ TiveY of formal lts fOm t G u di to the Court otDirzeelrs of th al4 In ad1Pny4nelos. tog CopliA lopal dete, o(#s'ent edy kjaowaix 8 dates of the inaives In fom e15th f. Ap tothe 7thofOtoberint. - We-gatjie irons's ieru- cith.pape, th it was f6un&mceesary repeatedly 'toosesur, he CoMMlu~er of Pains for the m egram and enataetoint er.>--f his repora ad. the ~rpeatred oflfilmeat. oE Mas4ertedt promises to furnish debLie logznaiesz Of lmprtaht acts and events, 'nsmay of witih are to the pret hoeuinexpliintd "for kh keepilg the Governmont omnpletul in the dark is to the a#&AntUDd, Ut* s somu acts fCA very question"bl atut-e, and ftfor hbi ge" VOW Atten. tioe o the diret ios -f: the fateoll ,rnor fo6ee6p him au Motwn4 of eyety evnmt Of ioment. The Collctor of Chuprih wa iAeMUt34 for Ft ting his poet nnnemsar, and fO theolubition4f iftMdlt. able dip..f palanlty. 'The ring -M Paits on tb:e aDof Tlylhsihoeptio*,haveenofa- pruLeUlgou, tharacte; theoty of c"DoZI, deml"v wab , -and the propeilY of the Catholltc Mioonu Wa detikV , bat -noting stolen:-cd vetaimed The B erkundanas'(j the ardwa division) aedgnstio a ope eoird, -~itterly -aidelfor: t rOteeti 'pwupo s ' Th6 IMbS of S6oree beha*ld rkabiy ,well, au4 volunteered their aid toela gllattl. . s stae at atnxs plot wasrife for mots befoe tbe. isrolt mad Vhatoney was dibuted vad mem regtal pad t e,jite the.people to3 fight "for religion and tho Padiisah, of DlhIJ wthile theleRsfoundinPeerAli's isoese dsosed an organized umSidman plotiontabi ih Uaum% supria_y and to overthrow-the Bdish Goveon m he Ptjri g as diretd(iasltis thoght)710, o th e 30th f Ju the Iieuteaiant43ov.aor sute, to the Govgrn .ent a proposal for the improvenut o the -polboe of t,e lower (Benga) prones, id custiie7tho( Jo l hi mintte wa3 (Li the distrit ef .B2hii- prtilly der oe .ut, "In the Painsdiviion therwa a "'reliooaPdifference btweeon the Mahornedans ad Sepoyg as to the day for tJhaetbreak of the revolt, the Dinapore mnUneer3 wishing for Sunday, andthe Mhomedas for Priday, Iheir own sared day, which latter -ws seleted Th'e bandonmet of the out. sttions in the Bebar divldon in the lstweek of Aut) under Instructions from the Comnmbdoner of, Pji, Mr. TAyler, was strotgly disapproved, and censura& cc "dig. graoefaul by the Government, and It is forther s;azet In theso papers as an 'unfortunate, unneceqs11Y, rn-judged, I andperhapscdistrousistep;" Inthecase of Gy,-It was 44utteoy without excus or palliation," i4n the oommimdoner Wa t On"e lnsuce¢a dto ,revoke bis orders Mr. Tayler war, in the sequremoved from his post. The courage ind good ** Euct of Messrs. MoneY 1ad itoMlT at Gys #zc 'wjml 1 acknowledte& The gaillant defeno3 of tho ga*-n of -Arrah oomes inforafarshare of notloe;.iti ofo anticipated by pat reporte. Captain Sitiores sange fightbfrom Chyeb-, whichvw then Weft to the protection of the Iah, Is denounced as o"derogatory and inecee. sar," so much so that hi8 ierviee wdere plaood' the di. pass1 of tho ComAnder-ikChief andi.- Xtsbeequently | resigned his civil ipoitent. The ajal of on, in spite of 11is proteations, ix looked upon as a "time. Ierver." andhe.sto bacloeyw atch .' on the 16th -of August a foell callinghlinsil£ the "Bishop of Bagad," bit, whose r nam Is Syed:Howein ihubber, was lodged in thegaol f alttta. Hlettors and papers proved ftt he -was connectd wIth te Iex.ling of Oude and his'Minlster Alli Nukkee Kh=n. The pisoner forthwith prayed. the Government to inquire into his se. A largo sm 'of oneley, willh trciuett- wijfound on his person. - The homedAnsociation at Calcutta lehatd admirably -during the. late Molsurru, and. forwread a loyl addres to Governnsent at its clos. Mr. 13ornje, the coltector and mlsrate oAzinmar, has been vensuredfor his want of ener in allowing te head toation .to be. nsultd for days by a rabble of armed lnsur. gents. Ho was to beTepianoe 17 a better man. There is s short correepondence betwem te Government of Ina and the oipany ontbitbject of tbe'late pre&s l,w, which the -Ceoinanyapposxs to havc approved.withont entering into the general question of the ffeedoni of the press In India. The late an6wes; at Delhi andLuckno r.are bflyy &lTidedto ia a despatch of tho 7th of October, as to be notioed in ihe "MlItary Departmen1t." Sgd are a few of tho more salient features of these papae, Vhioh generally refer to matters of local detaiL
1'2& CORM TrJDE. - r Ds v. vstL Ilutrd butb fo6*uiJ aga thus ot KZU~~~Os Iui sndhzthe ~ sum at mstkbe H IL. DMd. 4 T esteurig tbs woek hm bemaeh kbly mid ai 0 The wheatrliant looks well andi omes forwir ropinty. A LIttle"Qos would noW be bcial to retrd l.s progresa. Arrivals of wbepA awe large, but SoDorbist hielliof Enadag.l iargoee sbipped off before the dosing of the naylMgatlon, and most of, theismiTM tgoes at on"e Into granaY. Spring cOrM ealS f0rward aIj. "11The Impeovernnt In the whuat: traac, noted inr 15514 sa BIwe* and Oo,g cIrcula, "lass bean checked by te etiadlijar- state of monetary affairs both in Hambug and the Norope, The numerous and exteiro fallareasbjlot have tae5 n:tend to weaken creditand create nceased diatrazt. The passi g doringahe weel boabeen Teryar trvia at a reducUon of lI.tso . per quater. Ther appean to bea stmpdeelon among boers thAt sin ments of grain on a mo extere "We win be mau tottAt-e--buo oWvingto tbDoummercIal Crisls abroad bht the reresae of tbIs so Probable, paper currenc, seltiher undoubted, not being zegotiable_ We look upon bu--ness with tbo Continert as vlttualny sumpended for the preset, aod altougb hIgh rate of discount in this country May Plevent anYthlIng likge pcnlatOe,sl dMWith the PrOSEVIADnlimuptio of bread, owing to its relatiTe ceapnes, We anticipate a, reto as coon aa confidenco In onoo zmor 1 tho atcendant.- At pD nt both buyers and relers appear Irdifferent about entering tIto f}t tano tios, and we kimt the LnlPao ,l,lederents oLtthe Pat week pay prove to be the * climax CC disaster."' At toWdais market therewe air sleAz wrere -unwllg to submit t3 the nquired reductio, andi htt ittle bumne{fswm done, at a decline ot aboutu per quarter. t not pressed,andquotationsnomlnaL BalcylI.perQta n, peas, and oats met alow sale, but wre not quotnbly chesaer. The folowlng ro the current quotatons :-RuCglih wheat, old white, WL to 54s per queer . ol I 4 to 52g * sewwhte IK :er, . ed d.to 52g.; newt es Le. t, Si. t s, Ditth and 3Belgian, 83s. to 6Se; and H jb-&-on0g.SIa,. DanishandHroltonen, 47s. to SOs. Englisih mnalitt .bssur3e,Aflnd o3 ;aal and Od,ea~h: M&?en o hali 3 k. to 37e.;rinjng 4ftd;orets. Oetsi old.t 26g. to .; n vew2. &6; forelgn ~-e.oI~.e ntoeEglishhbeatel old. 26to30.; nowt.pe 2 to I new 4(k to42g; freIn, dS,to 1g. Enlis pes,blue andi whit, 4,31.t £9, oeinbekrs I.t If. tdsg 38e°.>oe4 to£3+ 455.;1te EngIj reed;taxes, Cd s. to 44.; frelynS slndg, 365 t to SU.; linseed cake, £2 115. to 639; tdls. ye totn; £ eorth;n to £S h £76e eakee. LOT. C.t£8 tsfeein llsee2t~0g pr coaer; crushing oD 7 k per tona. At to-vf' waaket trade was viry inaTi aniL whbeat 4**B 6g. to Is. per load (1p. Xd. toi. Su. &L I quarter). In Otber gn at tion. Theresent quottiousaressfollows :-lNewr white, U toS4L.rer cdof thro impe busbe: d whea l to nL; boans, 17, to 19L 6d. p , 17. tob 4 gpIndIng bsrla ,X to 37T. per qurter-t maltiji nley. LOs. to 4& * old oats. 3; o b W*: new osei. ISa to ;Ini n CoorD, . 10i 43. per quar1*ro 3 s-e tlb.; JoIrU,UL t2, , h, aud9 3. pd Peraton Atthecatlfmarxkettoolsythise Wsuan averace bupcf,b MOg, and ile wereeed attfomterrates. MUlch cowsm ms ;lc£ to, £22; barrenbests £' 3 to £1 6; un storeg40 s D. ICL. tol ; Irge stcr,Sl. *0 5e. ; porke~a s. 6o E 6 6 merao. The a a mDe rate rupply ot lasyazd anr, bet * tyof tSurnps. Ha, £Eto£3. wheat straw, 3S. to I¶?e; oat streaw. to 1L0 .5 s,2i-. 6d. to 133. ; swedes, t8s tol2.Ier toWm At Botherbam cattle-marwet terday there ws a moanate show of besets andagmalnXXu1mber of. abeepwilha dull trade at former rates, Beef, 7g. Ps 3. er stonore; mutton.66.to Pfl4rd.er lb.lo At this norrnlg N$s W."Wma Dr m ot T. w was rnslow demand, an4 Lb1 ~ t In bowist, which tmthteatofiqdUeUhrlower lorater Iot ferabe1 lleUo At the o e market to-dathese was a duiltrt In beas, whbich deelloodld per atne Seep mat a slow sa atformer rats i to better deumad,but tout animprvment In pices. Uest, 5s O to Pe.6d. o>Crelcee; ork,ls.tO 7.;mutton, 5id.to 7d. pr lb, DUALMN Dna sS. Dureccr.inarkek to-daywan ppor5lysmapi Wheatitid to IL. and sats 3d. to 6d. low than on VA1, but ey of sll qur a ,e- diaft m11tlsog, f WlloyWaW Uts iese,IndianlWmn a vorn i 9aI rea u*o focx 7 e 1jj us eas theta We slo
tEtxvzo:n 0oF TIM R.--Te following rGetiOn to theb WOvoCatVo. Of the Prowhoe of Cante. ur is now being circul%ted among the clergy of the dicoesof IAnooln, and "I idd-to hiVe already received D2merous signatures:-" Tthe Most Rer. tie Archbishop, the Right Rev. the Bshho ., aad the Rev. ioe Clew of Itho Province of Canterbuzy, ha ConTocateon asembled-The .humble peWtion of the 1udersD%ed clery of the diboess of Lincoln ahoweth,-Tbat our ptlonra have reaso to kos tha effoeta e bdng in divers quare for the revilson of the Book of Oommozn Prayer. wrh thoprofessd view of bbrevUatg the ordiey nicm of the church thbt they Wylieve tt th moement made by anyo your lordships of yur WiHoN to allow the Ue of the litay, in oeftain oses, as a sipArate irvioe, Isealoula to lead to wet abbrevation as my emetiUres be desirable; -that they feel.the -ajue of the sggesons offered in the report of the committee of oonioon on ou hrih IWsegs, in the sesdon of 185I& for ocoSoOal of fioeU ThO as thawntovnng offce fl offle, officssio'eb dren, and otb, to e ued with the p6mXisof nbthe bishop of the dcs. I that, whil- they depctte moct strongly any fusion of fho three officts of our mzAg morn. ing service into on by the omlWon of porti*w of ech, or an of them, they- woedd.eI them *ry faelity Ehudbe affordedl for the ueorans t when deirable. But, eaded th.*aamy! harards which be tue quedt,emonr petone eaestly pray th your vnerable. ay any attemp at leslative intsde,.e 'iwbw el a n oF Book of Common Prer 1tsf,"
LONDON, 2EHUBSDAY, DOCZJMBl:Z 10, 1857. The House of Lords sat for a ahort time yesterday, when the Bank Isues Indemnity Bill ws resd a fixt Uimes it beg understood that any discusidon on the eure xhould take plaee on Friday noxL. In the House of 0ons, yesterdy, the report of the Committee upon the annulty to Sir Hnimu HAVnLocx led to a brief disousiaon, ln the course ,of which suggestions wen thrown out for extending the annuity. Mr. GLADS0oNz observed that much value would be taken from rewards of this nature if they were suggested by melmbers of .Parliament, and that some latitude and discretion In their distribution ouiiht to be left to the CROww and the Executive Government. Sir J. PAXINGTOW Wa, he hoped tbat upon this oocasion the obwervations of Mr. GLADa :6'ovid have no tendency to cleck the expressIon of a feeling which did honour tothetsouise, and he strongly 'urged the Government to continue the annuity to Captain HAvEtooC. During a conversation which the Sp.Axza stopped As irregular Mr. V. Ssnw was permtted to read a telegrathio despatch which he bad recelvedk'dated 3slat of October, from Calcutta. The resolution was-agreed to, and a Bill fouiided thereoms was ordered to bs brought in. On the report of,he Comraittee of Supply, Sir 4. PAxNWGTo inqguired what wa the prsent state a conditlon of tho av Fund, and whether it was still devoted to its original qbjeste l He adTerted likewe to what hbe k,hougiht :an abuse of *^truge.It had been anounced thatql1Win iantry cadets, beside aalry weVrew to boe4set to BengalJn 1858. lthough there were 700 offioers of thie native army of Bengal unemployed oring Wo the mutiny of their re ent.. - M3r. V. Siu1TH aai4, the gunation reating tot Lord OuvLiv's Fuind inveolved dstaEls iilto ~which: ble obuld n1eter off-hand- with' b no1ce.. Tha Xp of cadets forti-BeBnganative -army wa leYthe-7nds of *e,£ourtof f Directqos 'of the .Et India qompany, ad tliheumber of cu'ti -re!errd to did ' not amount to hialfof the amount required for the aLY, the surviving-officers being motly of higher ran Athan the grado of esign. . . Questions were likewise -put by Sir H. .-WbnX.0oGvRY, Mr.: Euisx, and r. -W. WlIr-&s relating to the Indian ,ca whl.ich were teplied to in some detail bg thb&Crcirioi 'of the Ex- qum, ibosaid' that, acing totheepijodg. -nent he could) formi:zftom3he p he aid not anticipate any -seriou demand upon tiinp&isl finances in aidWf the-IndItreasury. Threpo Wa read to.' ,..OAU,e-ordei Iorthtbhirdreacingol. te.Bank ILsues Inaemnity Bill, SIr ]WWm r remarlied that the House 5boua have' had nore distinct i`ioRiation, before it pased this- Biil, as to the caiue which had ]emaed Wo heavily upon the reoources of tle Batk cf Mgland. It appeared, he said froim the evidence hken before t,he -B-nkC nit that -i great capitalist might, if he pleseds, bring anD undue , pressure, upow the 'B'an - and :he' ref to a I umouT hati il ill-4ioounter ba'dactuall broght s. lmre.pressr .uponI:^s.resoure wlren ! rthey ,VAereTop -h Wh,l jIr.VNu suggested, i 'th> whol management 21el'33V -- 0thlaiid yit-, the-Bak iw publish its gwcounts gda-, -tthom evef f . R dmitd thau :.tM o uimt tionprsosibed.b?tliAobof -oeR - of L om.-aob-d to produce a purds "He2 wae:for. Ieavi^ * discretion toi Barkof 6erdi o Ifver opiDioa oo.e: tem w hcoopld no be mtn - .whicl paliZd to edreeity, w4uld bocome%onodbater. ThaGovernment should d wItdit qiestion tec, and not refer It to a coiutte. -wl Mr. Pamie E did'not:thinkc tht tfe cause of the preent diaorder VA i.tbe Cu?renys, but in ntural cau, w,-the exce. of improper speculation, pro. .)moted by the large int ft4depouitsfowng up the .niountiof the -feld capital. rmedy coad onlyi, fond- inath 0oult.loa- ofthe unity of the great truth tred. by the late T*eG.of WrXIfGSTOrN thAt high lnteret.ma bW seuit. - After ADfwords fromMr. BAiwuna . Mr. AnDS asked for some Abdiedlc of the nature of the reprentations Mad toh vnmient to induoe them torelt 1he Act. . ' The CEkmJriLoR d* E c so i fober ataterent; thit it -wi ndti-a onsuence oVT . nykepresentatlon inade to "the.Aiyernment tat thelKter had been issued, but b h d acted in the matter on their own reouibilit-upon the authe4tic counts of the: finacil i of . Bank. No pre ure whatever ienupothe hGovernment orde the could othve itiith facility, and noeson. had complan&t W ini thai the&'Oii -an had refused "" dicu ThaeBill wstbc ead: a thfdbImet ni th a aliht alteration in thie first eIaua a.b&' Thellouse adjourned at3 o'dcl. <- >'.
' I news received yesterday by telejrap h'adds little to our knowiledge'of the state of afi in Jndai. The eta of October wa-sevidentlji: ^perio. of expectation throughoit the whole country. The. fall of Delhi had produced -its eftects, and -everywhere, except in Oudo anld Robilound, the,country wa settling' down :to its former 1rnquiliy. The Bombay and Madras Preadencies,. the Ana the Pujai, ,w re as -i loyal a ever. Indeed, troopfrom theo .Pri dency.Wad advanced on Rewah, reinUtted the Politlcg Agent in afathoiity, and were about to' continue their march' oni' Cl6wnpore. The native Princes wera .giving every asitance to.overn, ment. The NxAz u kept his dominions quiet; HOLKaR andl SninDU hada -uocessfully.struggled against the mutiny in their own Sta u and the Nepaulese Chief whi wassseGne Yea in igiland had detchedt6 our iaseveral thousind Ghoorka, wbwere doing zelentvice. Bluf` while the state of the untry mos satisfactory, iad the arrival -of reinfomet ha enabled Sir otOAMPB O mar ih effective army to the scene of iar, ti e acoul ts from Lucknow- must give much cause for anxiety, Here, Indeed, there h no questlon of danger to the Goverment ; the mutinT- has reeeived its deathblow, and British authorlty in India may be considereda as fIrly .seDured. But: the oouinit has always felt deeply for the fate of in"cluald An& if any ill should happesi to the brave men -who have performed such exploits and undergone such' sufferings, it would' be a caus of sdanes to every English home. Such are the endurance nd courage of our nz.en,and'the xoldietly qualttiea of their: leades 'that we have little doubt they wil hold their p6dtion, untlttl-Commander.kn Chief arves withi force. t th 4d. But if they do this it iw.be n'ple' t f' doifcultIes aserrible a any that hare been e *p1C in war .. .t.wit be rememberedthat about tXi i Ath of SePtember Generale Ihavroox and OURW a- tackea Luckmow and elieved the Readea* . iiles south of Ldu:know ji tis ;A1unig, - lkind. of walled garien, defended by ine bistios it the angles. This place bd been mountedwith: g&nxb y the: Sepoy, but wastaken add oeeuea by part of aii uErpen regiment- HEere n4ril Ounusx lefthis ba,gage,iiththe sickand woncliJ, beRf he atticked' Ludcnow P e. :ow th' Iesidency is on- the ftirtier dade of Lucknow, which isits'elf almost thelargestcity aind andiade upof narrow streets, winding throungh wood hosxes for several miles. Through this Generals HvMLook and OuT3AA fought their way, and it is sup. posed that their total low up to the time they reached the Residency could not be leis thaz 700. Hlad there even been mnuch le rditaxice, it is thought ardly probable that the Generals could have carried provisions, through the town, and the opinion therefore Is that they reachel the: Residency with but short supplies, and, although two convoys are Stated to hAve snce reached the place, it Is likely thAt the Britlih forco may have been after a tim6r straitenod. for food. The position-ofLucklow must naturally be the subject of anxiety feo. Another reson-namely, that since Gneral s HAVLOCK and Ourux have entered it hardly anythig hu been heard diredcly from them. It ;ill be recoleoted that the enemy, supposed now to numbe some 70,000, closed round the plaoe, cutting off 'eommunieation even with the Alumbagh From Crwnpore to the latter place the road is open, da provisons au& memages are fitely sent an&deeiroed, but -ia th1. plain between Alumbagh and Lucekow' the rebelw are encamped, and no-message appears able to pas them, althougb, if the story of the two convoys be. true, it would seem that their vigilance may be eluded. But certain it is that, though the former garrison continually communicated' with Calcutta by means of letters wrapped up in quills and such| like devices, one mesge alonre hua aived fiom' General HAviLoc;, and- this only pased by iieana of a clever stratagem. It follows.that the Generals, -with about 1,400 men, -beesdes all- th,e women and children, are clowelybloc 6aed, ;dCI must wait for strong reinfoements bef6r"t ey cm liberate themselves. That they Will be able to rcpulse all, the attacks of'the enetmy-*e have no-doubt; a weaker force did? so, and there ix no -reaso why these should. not mcceed..- But if their provisions should have become xb-atedthey will, no doubt, have to suffer great calami ",. Now, the latest intelligence, up to the 21st of October, is that "food WAN running short ind' "tit the gun-bullocks were bein laughterd."The fact that thew animals were . used: fQr food does nlot-perha&s indicate any great destitution, but there seems to have bee an apprelei sion at -Calcutia tbatthe gamrisoa was :traitened,.: and this feeling .will naturally incease tho aixiety. -t`4oine. It remains, -then, -'to cobsider the poetion of the forces which were M archingi to the relief, and'to cailcuiate whiat are the chances thai they have arrived in time, to avert any catastrophe. We are happy to-learn from the telegram received at the -- India-house . that Colonel G Ri:'9. col nmn after -occupying Mynpoo?ree, h'2d rweached* 'wnpore on the 26th?of October. As the roid fom; Calcutt-up to' Cawipore- is -perfectly free, theFe seems to be not the- slightb,doubt of thtuth of this itelline If#en, the force cQnsihted of the whole of ,.R STA colun tli vcit ,; one of the greatest importance. Though the numbers this 'active koldier: had with-1ia mu,t have been diminished by his long andz ripid mambh- yet ho poibly had a 'force';atrong enough to tiit 'its ira3 inrto !Alciiow Crying. with it such a'i?'ouvoj ^of provisons as would is oVy aWto5it ilfr om :LBiekno*,a4 it vi<quitep;ssibsle tlat iin' a fow £lyt fom'Th4ate oE-. theo lat news some effective~ s5sitae migit ha'8 'beentendered.- The t s o, :hioh lad for s0ome tiie bIefore been idesptdied 1j up. th couhtr must haii . app aeced wpore - con-. -ideabla fore. We'learn that oSir Oo amO . ,3iTZ left Raneegunge on the 28th of. October to take the -coniiaud,'that lie as expeced to airive l:at Cawnpore by Ndvenber twhe 2d, and tht hewould then mnarch on Luckiiow at the head of 4,000 infantry and 800 cavalry. Such aforce as this wouldi of course, bo sufficient to aweeptke rebels from the neigh'bouriooa of Liicheow, and even to follomi them up in any other positions which the' night bo likely to occupy. This, then, was the state of -affairs at the departurm of lat mall. Generals O0UN and Hvxr.CoC at Lucknow, with Some 1,400-men,.the remains of theRed.- dency garison, and- num fber.- of- twomen #nd children A' smaller. force;. -witfi the sick' and vwounded of the marcl,. .occuples: AumbagI. At Gownipore is Colonel GBZkTHED, with -some 2,000 men, while a' larger force of Eur6. -peans is &nctrAting'at 'the' plabe to vwhi&: Si Co0Ln. CfilPB,u. was, rapidly ,astuing. .We do not - know- - whether - to tundand -that- on. the, 2d of Noyemh'r, when t-6i mauder-in ibiet axived . at. Cap , he -ol r_bd' find the-74;800 men ready to marhi; blu It *cah4.ot' be doubted. that -at nome time early- - in -ovember, a force o-'. nearly T,00- rmen would advance o' Luclcnw and b6ing the. perilis of 'th - gamrriohA,toa'en. ,n The trr lThI question is w heth'erate 'biCkade'd fbrelss.-beend .able t oidld out so long. .Tis que ' re' .ispcsed to ~aawer, favourably, inasmuch s wel h llave every confidence. i1 tfe adilI .and' !bold.' ness of the eZxumanderu and the endurance, of the .troops. If -then rmer lifle.gin made its sorties and oltained provizioms. it * is hardly,.likeiy -tlhat the .present -will. stari'e in inaciity 'We tiiut -that the next ma' will 7bring us news that tihe noble 'baad -in-- ty, and that the national suces in the .suppreudon of thi& ffightful outbresk will not be clouded by the. destruction of so many vahaible lives.
i tlihe House of Eordion y aeven*ig Lrd HErAaRDw:w opportunely intwoduoed asubject which: h never-ceaed t oupy a most vpomnenitplAce nthe eyes of the public, andd-which Is tilt of the most' anxious interest. The question concerned. nothig less an te sge available'for the con-; veyanceof our troops to India, andihe statement maade by liord PBiun on- the . occasou .desrves ipazticular atteiitton'and reniark.;~~ Our Naval and Miltary .lntelllgene 'wilUl ave informed te" public that e 94th el 6nt; having made -two flu stirts fot India In A r. atem tranxport. named, thekustris I now about to be despatihed .overlandn The; prie -o. be'paid foi the use of ithis vse-a wveuvel owned, manned, T and officered'-byforeLgner, as About 30;0001;', whereas so deplorable was the barin that after. the hip 'had twice put back to port in dlstre~s the attemptwagven upxaltogbther. Upon this-text LordHE&r.WICF. very sensdbly observed that tlte cuntry would have- gained largely by employIng t^he Royalsteam niavf6r the triasport of. our. tro, And hat condering our marine includedl 270 oteamvesels of ial szes, with a rerve of'1o,000s available seamien. at hand , t -was -Inconcelvablb why, reo-urs had not Jeen hd "to those me-a' -itead .of engaing at great eoit vessels which, aftiall, could-not be made to go. Lord Piw 2 reply was exceedingly rimnarkable. He observed, in the £st place, amd as if toco t accountabity in the matnt,: that the conveyance of-tr6op to- India wao onefthe nions of the East India Company, an& that th 'Copany a Oponible for its #proper diisrge' , segalA$d: theie aae leed, he . did not deny the ,mIscage, but urged that it wag a single inzianee of failure in* seres of. successful exertioss and that 'thbugh e - Company,.inighmt;a s'it-:meg d 3rb d-ot tf|gi 'fjiitimet b&6 icu o'avn'ak up, Indifferent- vsels 'for ". h 'tr1in t *se Ice, just at Szst, 'tI ;hid haerly 4oWn' great zedl in repairing the err. - After this otculpation of the Dire;tors he -pwroedoci to atate that,. a the reguipent in. .question 'would now be despatched overland, ilmostall the tiie lost by the mishaps of the Auitria would be made up, and finally' delivered his opinion upon the main question by-"' entirely concurring with his noble friend "in thinking that there could be no valid objec"tion to the employment of the large cl of "' vemels at the disposal of the Admiralty."- Now, as regards the particular cae of the Austria, perhaps the plea of "1fLrst fault" may be r.lowed to carry a little weight; nor are we' aispose to insist much on the early brgains ofI the Company in the way of tranport vessels, though we were taken to taslc once for saying what Lord PA?iMn now ad.its may be sadd without injuico. in' this resp the Dlrectors didc but share the blindnem of othier - authorities both at home and -theaat, and when they mgagd the reta anid her consorts it was under the impresion that the occasion alled for no greater despatch, The importaiit pointu of Lord PAxju1&s ch concem' conclusions of a far more coPseidenav lharaoit . To ben with,-let the reader obae*ethe, opeation of the ";dooule government" of India ^;t a conjuncture bhen the ramost urgent 'aemnandsare made upon the reources of tfio country at home. Nothing is more obvious than that thoe lespatch of troops is a point upon which everything-up to the `very preservation'of the Empire-may depend, and yet the despatch Qf troops-is a matter with which 'the Administrationt declares it hns nothing to do. . The Minister of War may provide the battalions,but by atieans they re to be sent out; or when they ize likely to arrive, are quewtions ithin the contol of the" ompany." To complet the aburdity, althougj th'7Uomnd Government ha nothing to do with tle troops on our own shores, it becomes ehargvable 'with - their transport when they are on the shores of Inldis, 15,000 miles of, and awaiting their returnl. . - Next,' look at the 6onfession at last pronounca. with respect to theadivantages or disadvintages e the Overland Route. After, all we have heardI "abbut' the chances of delay and difficulties of tr.,,1 1I1psment, transit,s-aid EO foFtb, -lt is how planly statedl thaLthe despAtchof re*giment: c<- e amdria 'will be attended with'such expediton that-l neArly a'll the 3ini6 Jloht sice the. 5th of Octobir.. in fruitless endeavo to maka the pmage with a bal steamer miay be, recovered, add, that 'the .battalion- "may 1e expected, atorrive "in.India not long after the period ait which it. "wouldlhave ixachedhat Qounty lhad:itbeesroofi.. veyed by the vessel ia which it-lad ienbarkcd2 "in tho, irst instaimed e Thi we cain radilaT credit, ~bat *heiin then,' we; beg to srk, might the| 94th have beeff "'ex3ctd, to arrive in 4inia'" if i1 had, been 'at once despatched by this expeditio* route when it was first rea' for depart I The remainihg,- p6ont_ akord?s a rtil iimoreisgna iraga-~oF-he ti,eEsiit co rb-.hIru.aFe M- to a knowledge of the- Wht course. - We Aow' hear, h M isii of War exprea'ing his decided-opinion it~the coul:d-be ¶Q y'aIid objection" .to employing the enormous resources of the Royal Navy in --ca ring 'the: QlUxBTs regiments from one part. of lher d'o- nions-to'- aotheri. Bat in the meantimi ; afiade-6'thiif it1`wah reopniek735,060' ip n o1f wrhichJniiy-*umble about the ~azlfobur. ~Q morim thether bere n,r . pe1lo Meicitl -t "cinouhrIncn 'of oPiTP a but been gforthio'nm!ng in June last, the inforeement: nowlard- pou into sixor eIbt w6eek tifor: We b * Oia objeocons to the proposl as neessar jroteetoi of our own shore, adthe dislike of niva oxffl:oer to | become commaders d of ta rts.. But, surely, with a xtea~ navy of 27O 'vessels we havo quiteO force enough to defend ourselve at home,; nd to spre a sq,uadroo for the emeergncies of our Empire In -tlhe Eat Of the objections of naval co m to conIvey top ecan only xay that if thero areoauy BiabminM in the naval sernioe wh}o entertan such. 'scruples, the should be -instantly dimiss e But we attach very littfl weight to this pretet- - Of ourse, aP Casptain Woald rafther go. to se on -a man's re a dute than CArrY ialf his guns in ballA and ieo his decks tureid into: burak.rooms; but he woutd much rather -do thii service tliau: d Jo no serice 'at all Anythiug Is better tha utter Iaction or -mere holyday crisj. - Blesides iere wasample scope nm Indii foi the [-mnore freua ervices.of the.Na:vy.. A. friat 44d 1-woor- thrlmaI1ei vese W'theisafetS d of :alCitta, arjd 'a ;ahiPzwith hi l .or( -O rnue-3acIwils, has 'been welomed'at every towniiol Ithe' Gages. Bri-tish muonhave beein even xeni . 3nto Aaam; .nd if- tXe hIve not been dsii *otf ge l employea it is only beause they. werenot at. hand for the purpose. Zhe wrhole.matte conmec to thi,that wlhen WhIp are wanted for nati2nal purpose the Ahips of t 'MnaSton ilould be aVailable, for' performing thom, botheriwte Parliaient I lIkely to look it the Navy. -Estiias cith nxi4eably lee- liberality than ' before. -,h-n *e tilIw of -Britaun's ascemincy on the a, we ouglt to - mea not merely that.we. hnA fight: navaI battles but' tlfxt- we can coinmai,d ihe wraters ,for, all puroee whatever^. gal encounters re otUt of Ldat dutes' of other Mnds bive succeded, themi, sn- ie beli"eve 'that thoe officers -of thewa,vy are ju5t,as'rewdt for thiese dutiesas' any botier. ~, What t ey natira desir. is -ACtiVe aervce 'and chance of.disnct'on, nor can it be agreeable to JO many enaicrgetic minds to ae the .:,avy and its aesciien cie,mned t;o i dleness,'hlich would- lb disgracefuli it lrere not. involusntarj.) whEile the eyejr of- tie countr are strained,iii fol. :lowing theinarok -of iti a6diers,' and the whlole nation bnDg -with- eagerss to reward C heir achievements; Witht finewtoavyrm t}e ioild, doing nothing but -coxur dec- and xquare yards, we have kept a regiment tossing aboutfor:a couple of inont'bsxii want of a veseoL to carry it to mdii, and have sent' 40,000 mAen in tred' Wetra that'. in next the Navy Estimat; have to be' anoved r ( -WOODl be brohght to a t 'as'to- -the cost'of*Jie' .,ns or.toftoopsito Inia ,.and ithaif, as^ seems but too posbe a gretdisaster should 'oceur frortheirardy arriv Parliaientand thi& xnation will knowiioh'iho}ln to fix the JIaneine
A remarkable testimony to the stegth of the,: argument I fvour-of the new clause in the ileliloutWorship Act is given in the extr&ordinary feeblenew.ofthe speeches of eppo,n, et. We naiy "of, opponent" beouse wepresume that. the BshopTof. OXros,- ord DzsBy, and -the Bishp -of .ST. DxvDS1 4 Wiether 'they. are or not. and wbether-- they mltimatel wIll-be or not., .tlwmelves to be; considered -and ranked up: to thi point as opponents of the -lause. Thesee ie Particular reasonak why the two former l -a,d,opt ithis atitu4d ,ay ray at Ist. Lord -IRaY4is- the . leader of th'e Conservative party, ad- i. there,fo,, ,ex, offi bound to be .jealu, AU al -age, gre*t or small. e, is ao , -: oor of th,e UnIv4i.ty of: Oxford. The BihopP. of OxFPOn in the -lhed ofa relou par !->h rkvalz of -he, aho,ol, which hs, S..ate t.k.e21 . ioran 0Of - , E#eIr-];;, We xiDI therefoneJ .s ; * mtter of,) courtey, jince the; a,gppare,ntly,,, wi1~oj pothoglit,-co,nsider, h,ke,mn, p,resent- ax opponents .of thew.clause.- But9 wit kind of,n opposit,on ,is ,it We a le not aluding now to their arguments-they may say. they are reserving their arguaents for another occsion-but to their sinple xtatement of opinion. Nothing would be .easier for them than to xay, and to sy nohw, IW hat t,heir opinion in-to say thit they are opposed to the caue, If they really are so.' But do theY say thin t Not one of them does. The Bishop of Ox0oRD on Fiday night, thoughI he judiciously balanced his uncertainty, by'a personal onslaught upon the author of the clause,still, i a very marked way, refused to commit himself upon the merits of the dause iitsf-U he, for one, was niot psepared to ay whether or not he should give "I, assent to the noble-Earn principle." Is that the way in which the Bishop of OXrOnD would ap6skof this clause, supposeng it were really a revolutionary one, involving an ecleastia convdlion, ana subversive of the whole position of the Church ? Would he really say of sueh a chnge, three weeks before 'his vote 4as to be given, that he was not pripared to say how. he .houl -vote abiout it? Should lrwe-not r ather have heard hini -with all the force of his-rhetoric denouncing -slch A clause unhesitatingly, and calling on al the trie members of h'e Chufob to oppose it xtrenu6ufly ? Does Lord a isian' agi say that he is ainst the clause.' By no means. Lord DzRny admits the, defects and sh6rtcomings of -the paoial system. He " fully ana entirely concurs- in a great deal that Lord sc tSBH rBanuY has sid on that subject J' -he Is " quite aware of the neeessity of a 'doptng some i'tmesur in order to remedl those'defe'ts he' " will not Xy tht his ,,goble .friend's proposition ." ,Y not be a good one, or that it may not be "advisable to -adop ,this.. or some analcg un "-measure ' he "does not pretend to lihve de "up his mind as to the ource which should' be "adopted." That is rather feeble oppojigontfbfr rlrd DZnBy. The Bishoi of ST. DA-ID'S, again, ")aa not committedl himelf in any way. to 'san. oepnion on 'eitliTer iside." - Such is Xthe -ionee uneer,tainty which ' the very opponents ' opp,onents theyare-of the clause exbibitr ' with rei,l?ecV fotlie'prtwhiclI they intend to tMw -i.n Yhe maiter. Tn-he meantime Loid DanYr ," 'eaais th,i noble. .Ea,rl, ttat -'some degree I bt ~'t3upicio0nii ffiw4attachies ito legislative p'oj,-' , 't,ionis whiCh. .bwa ~iaon 'isdi?vidusls cases"-s'iE'i the,m oh 'ject Of this neirAtla olii. e B.FDOUA,T. Individual cases t i ver proper foundation 'for' le- sitiotA *here they ael -Anply used as proofs o£a deficieney or-fautin sna xitingt system. .In nine' cues out of ten whire ;these faults are discovere-fit is goane.individua1lcase hi'brings them outbu.t iVwould-be absurd o0n --~ts aoicountit,o' sayB t j 'we r*erd .legislating for au individual case and not tfor a general beneit,- And the' samecrilieasa hsosl at ,oncej of at le,as,t oneShalf! of the JBasi'k4p of gir DAvA.i,i'sS speech ?f EDUokn ihna? be a very co,ns.e,ntsous msn,, 'and'-may n1ave act~d acoidan'y ,h ~le .dictates 'of h a. conlscience igpin thisi OCC siton, but w7hat- has. t,ha,t' to.-do.*ith the subject 1> We are ,concBerned now w;ith the genleral q<uelion? of-thn ~power of the incumbent in-his on+Ss: wheiothe Sthit iahou1d~-b ieft. ~as it is ori Xt?ecr ilt.h'oulil[bz m d±Z'd> ra,roeCwss Slithe «ho 'ot IkNDoNi- haWls' it 1u"-' unidergwte hi n moritCap- 87; 'iO5iilO -it'ioh - -ietai 'ruh -co'nfixxq tEc~ tapptisollu~ otf+'0 .2,900' Xjirlatibt7 was prodbaly ainbdii:dQ in order t&o~ls . t *A vo 6d .u -* - have succeaeded,f~-We-are -to traut the Biaho o XsorrDo; Wh "sArures VS that "UOUthg lk A "7 jtrfty of tli& Dh3iopi -w _- o th f Ipr6eedingilsof 'tlie rAtdri `h f.o We are not mtre that there-*k dab geI an morg& iptjoi( edij in it& premqt tapa, kow.r4 ft.i eii tOw the peaing -difficult)', rhieh ito.M i- u' ltShe rdense nexgetedta mus of -or lBnanufacurig dlstrtos, -for Shkh ouidj syste' confeie 'it *nhlt t. tpoi 'z! part of the argmet ws- sda*o1y. a po(n&, bzfoUgli out by LorSnawxii. OXr-ht ;yateino i.s a T4 'tespectsle -wstehod, -i the opcitll 0of this dauss bi-'ll- libli'jk9 the:-most of it, and- w:e iheI"be t a ove ag51an-ht this is t*i&ftundinmeniW-hiof .thie Church, Xtht it-lw sanrd' iwoi n t«at'if it ls Coe'3touhihed -h ffo hob ec,hAt tabsic giawaesty; b~i thorn. who *o . oquited orpasochxal syse ult ojp|tsI iix y Zecled dtrcta lnoir tat it is teo -o(te*i ttle mnore tla a name.' .oir canamnaihi' 1--xiel, ecept' by ay Of 'name'and-title;iShef -s hiundrod 'thomrnandpeoplt'Th de Tin 6 -%f a la Ptgex dnp ot iou hf migh a hundredth- part of his *",.;i^ -hot- know therim6,h Dldla no; }o -to '.do with. 1tiem thn- if -he we~e '>s i;~c~a the Ciape, of - aI India n l An the Cmhberliand otiorehed- e -Yoi1hirs 'wolds . The p hegae ecd' meP thisf, m ia an & funeral ;-bnt r per 'inty covens but ash et inonithe ground; and as.f&r etba hum tlebgt h^.ualt 9knowe dit ha hno -many ten .of totofuants 5I jis parh-iknOwleda e which' mayor ynot bo comnbined with a geogaphical outUneo(o;the p iIcps 2naie of :boi inhick-i yi}uhbit the' nuberof coim*ts, and the. :m aI rCtpe of' picul a seet at aad--lley . . m *6ideit . then partia. ins uch> 4isMAo our paochialE sytem d ak-owfe rtatvit does, wJow ithrofoshe int yto o, thati ,asd, bn nobod':i i IdiMWidul faul-t b -t by force et noutstaces, become asiha. Is a sytemn which Is reced toobamdh an owutha e p hid utUn a ls thend buom an affir of ru , boundaies, ba, anIdPoor oIaws, in a condition,o oppose theintro ductionof- igorous measures for alii thhe 'apfritut l ra3ta of a poptilati6n wi Ech l1aeI1 to interfere iwithi own no and. paper isit t Ihauanswer of 'oommon cerue han pli Sai is, that p isnot ant you ook ft* er Xthe *ele !b is athe qustiosL, fhidh t;we haveW a, rig4 to put to thle clergyman o fcro'wded metroitan "district; and if he t~esAhstt cann i ot; t,h Krede aenoinderdi, athaverhe in ca hiniself,nhe i. retyandinfatIts p Hi iahido are-gone fro& tct"i,ttit ho *cannot exercie them ;- the fookD i e not-ac i ow'-ledge a' pastor thit a¢no pb.abl attEaid it., ntoder sgch c toaue > -~~~a Ch w-iti- Whc h' - t onamiss aof oo~o ini.i~ '-it - lam h shiEould not- object t&othes doing irhatIa ~imot d* hinQ dr me~ asn d' titles 'are sre b la thi ; them y nax haee.bIe d s they may le Efaii w rd;:b it act -are - what we ust princlpal1j-' look -to in aecl'iain :' qubitica as --these. 1;2 our i te -does e u stances break down, we 6 ei6 not p bin mero&ferVnce' to the aword i the fc-c th-esa -a go on tlking f our dll tas a -realito where it hae f6do to 6ge to- W6:kuat - ve: the moral- oorg to -defy eve a'*mzte rabto name when' it has lost iii -rei^1itj -a4 50 fbrii it:;* swihitand; oneam .ec thg it bures-in' Wt= Doi :i' t is Agr , -wnobtew and a' ineOar -looffuthai rXvereno. mbmtnot coeit w hhA * .'-#o8 far 'our -parOchial system d6. It. 'work le:ot by alleineins be-- nabRitaind inviolate ;,but.qtotc chin dobit6 b"4ib4w- u y ia1 jnbly eceakto the-' 'abitrieknori -t66 ; - e of, frue -and go antali W irt- hdlo &i,3n tpio.n andtlords.hrit i 'this dionereeenee:iaich is-the aource-'f bf- tho defito under whIc- we Iabo in Chmrchi ne'State DihoWiest reveenca 'will worship anyti* whatever;-.ny nae,-iany ihdoir, -ay noit iitit, i nything' obsolete;zny thing-h-at aau -bee :dei d for gWes, - and kyY:ting -that never lived. A This is EgyptiaM revirnce. But l htimnareveren-is honest- it-D tespt r ohat is veil, it seet the difference betweenm -e and s thing, it Cknowledges And does not ignore plan facts, "" -
A Cabinet Council was .held yeatwdy, at, the oiicial redence of the First Laord of :the Wrisury in Downng-street. Tho Ministers preaent.wereVlscount :Palmerstonb Earl Granville, the 'ai~ui of Lanadowne, the arl ~of rbarr6by, Siir :Worg Oroy, the h:a}l oE C1arendon,.)ir. $ eaz Leboucohers; 1~r Pamure . Vt.ok the Exchequer, - Sir.. halea Wood, the Right :s..o . Vernonl Smith, Lord Stanley.*o Aldof le. the Duke of Argyi' and the i ht Hon' SovTuAiror, Dec. 9.-Her-R oyil Highvm4 the Pile Royal, tteded by ite Duche of AthOUffAdy. in-Waiting So te Qiaeen) Captain l)i PlAt (Eqnue r.in- 11WHOi. Cs i Dma, landed itn tIs lA at ha -Pet 10 o`lock,1 fKm the Roa 7a&t ZA4, gs 2 fom Osborne to W!iishbrt, $drtlhe purpo a pay. ilag ,latt *o tiecathjlra. hIS anciet 'nij by ie slme routW 4b A 1 47a,1 V, hers of people ere ssaenmbedato witneSS tbe amo Ro's ludnUg and einmlanratiou. Waker were firfrAEom tM dwas~eiez,ia theitrsthe-Fsrr ~eaa.s to.HAis HIigem thw Pdno o *fI e- biak fom the dockshon Sxturday, oh lii W ralWlh4lfor M po Deweoiber 9..-Th,Unitd States ail aesnhip Adriabtic West oormsanders took lir doshrt±ione sohclosen a - sipm, to TH n heet.-2 j4e .es- aVicuin ,OLO r he R#oal AlT steamobip PMerxf Tud4buoneimofde?, zisifor 2oew:YortS-on Sattiday. Com derabl iihet Is ett,cted by the deparure of thqq two crack rial semshi,s one sO close upon the other, gan a coisidoraNeain, li'ksd, wiIl chan~ebinds ont1iesnIdect..'--v' TEnn. EwDx:R,Y-. A1s.xxti or .-r}{l Houin: OF ,o~owsxa.-,The following Mleaber of, ti. House cConimo,n are exeused from'ii servin'g on' 'elecior coxrmiet ou ao6nt of their advan Zi Xi: .:Gei1 Aiiiott, 31*'.J. Eauba.w, Sw J, Bailey, *I. K. Bil MeW. H. Barro, br. B. Benne6, soa. r. S. BnjArd Mr.!T. T. Benrd,) lt.'-A. 81wek. (EoltZieBo ibderjcii??i*dei Ieuved Mr,. Bo6d, *&r. ~Brisooe. Mr.iWS. Jb< Kr. bekleha )t,,ajorX1,CBrace. .Genera.l Beekley,Sir .1. M. 11 t83 ae3 ottel,' Sik C. E. CotJ -.:i. Da'ijsoo yDaneotmbe M~. .E. I U Uo . J. El I~ii Ka s,r. Fergn'Tnfr.J. LFPole ,llJfebai li. tidfie1d,' Mr.. '4 i. Ha utUtlfi£r. 3. HeeR,4tr. J ."iMOOO, mr.. J4 W:Hll JnhaJ-ee% 36_.,-lir7k, - Alr. 'W. LongtEon.' Colofiel Lwtlr3.T Li'ite i Mr aAAt ey, Mr. e. A.ioUrIZ, Miwt. e Slr J;1Wbau, Mr.;_ 1. W, Parke, -R. l `-B .Pa1irtonz, E. G.. B. 3eqheU, Mr~. -N.-ower~ ir. IY "Thgb - r; O.''BIoardo, ;LB J.-lntisll;-v p' *M.WJ.1F.. Tarnbr, Sir w. erntr, lir>.WidXdln~ hA .xfre1 WioSl.o.,Ili' Wbrio,- vSr* H.Vbte,3 ?.BDodje G^nsr Wrdbaw, .r w L,x u ,
I1N: DIA. - - . - ~~. I N D rl- A. q *, ~. *, - 0~:: - ~ ~ ~ ~ v 4 : 4 w n 4 bft i J teh.,Uoing apped in aawdedtion di yin By the 8-* arrival Of the Oriental at Sues, 'who hel1,rought arl, we, have received our Wc ua ndce and Calcutt papers to the XlatfOctb. inclusve The' folltwig ix the letter of our Caloutia X .M;-r-- - -"CALCUTT, Oor. 30. ,. *peeWalte e0r startl tO-)orrof for Suez, It bring bw troops Iavil myaelf of t -tppbrtuity to foward- you a short acoount of iheuventstofthes 'week. They are few and far 1between or-ffther they.appear to be, for although the roks ar open up to Cawnpore, and the te-e gRph Is At work-for whole days together, but little informatton reches the outalde world. Fortuntely communidatioh by Weterm India is still- open, ndthefulleataccouno tranfIonz in the North-est reachus. t- "From Luckuor, the great point of interes; however, theovent!ibendiftsefham little informstion. - ;o-e6la&lee is the force'there beleaguqrd, aat t71e,*l&de1iceOf Oenclsing letters in aqiiill has *ben of neoeuty - abandonad. The only message a?iYved for weeks WMn wzitteu on a piece of paper Ahree inches aquarv, and concealed by a device it -may be prudenttas yet to keep private. We may *Iaoe tQ try itngatsafter this letter haa returned to1 India., The few facts xo reported are somewhat ,i,scouagIng' Sir ftames Oumtra's force bas been| terribly reduced. You will remember thstsabout Aih 25th of Setdbmer he and General Havelock foe their way into the Residency, and relieved 'the gaison. This feat was accomplished by presing 0nthrugh gardens, small bazaars, knots of hou3e, 44d 1othQr enclosed places. The, enemy fought as Adlaticsalways do fight behind atone walls. The bulieti literally rained upon the advancing force, and -tbat3 single movement cost 460 men. 16 bffieers ol the 90th were lled or placed hrirs de combat, and SImost all the superior officers of the 5th Fusleere. -1:ive heard many ofthe,names, but 'refrain from exciting the.x-egretof their friends at home till .,iurther infor,natiou can be obtained. Ther, had .eASome_hard Aghtingbefore the relieving force *reached tho enclosures, and the total number of .moldiers killed or dibabled cannot be fixed at lez 'Ah: 700. The force therefore, even after its juneiton with -the garrion already in the Aeidenay, cot be more than 1,400 strong, ,-ad this mall pwrtymustbe embarrassedbythe 'Care of dck and wounded, women and children, Ato-a utber in exes of its own. There are be. 'tide some 800 ten at the Alumbagh, with a great -,* y of camp followers, but they are believed to be I -Without the mees ' of communicating with the Re. -4aieny. Sinoe thin time we know little positively, 4nd that little is obtained solely from native gossip., The rumours, however, all point to 4DUe fact,-that General Ontram, during the -sx0ond week In October, attcked some large building, probably one of the palaces, and was -driven back with further loss of life. I have xee one letter in which the writer, himself in Oudeo 5statee this as a fact, but I warn you that this and a'l other accounts -must be reesived with caution onfimed. it is nearly oertain that there are 'M0,000 men, Sepoya. and amed- retainers, around 4 in Lu4know. Every landholder in Southern .-;ude, except 'one, is In arms, to see what he can 'in the great' cramble. The position, you ,'wIU 6me,ria aufficientlY dangerous, but it is not 'WorSe than that of the garrison after, the death -pl i }euI, yLawrenew. Xye.`hundred men,'. with 5a lhzge,convoy of' pro*isions &ad ajnmunlboni^ left pore for Lucknow on. tle 21sOtoben. They ~'ith the assistance ;f the m -in the A4lumbsgh, way force their way to the, Residency, but, immense 'a is the millrr value of e-vry European, a g&rliAM0o snall cannot,hope *odear a way out through -'* 4y'poplited'joiio.' NTeverthelcs,- th,Qre It 4a4,caus.m fod.pondency, Sir 'Jme Outran can Wd5out tilth0,1iDth-ofN6vsmber. On-the 6th or Ati Sir Qolin ajpbl, with an a Wyw be beforo XLucnow. The Commander-in-Ohief quitted Cal'CWta on. the 27th instant. He 'hIs nained -there to organize the mean of traWsportwhich ,ptvious to his arival were atrangely defective. He *l reh Cawupose by the 2d of November, and there take t4ae ommiand of tome 4,000 men; includjg Ws owi ighland brigade, aad 800 cavalry. With this little army and a very heavy train -Of artillery he will pres on to Lucknow, pick up ,the force t the Alumbagh, and commence the -'destruction of the city. It in a lath and plaster place, and the heavy guns wil mnuha path for him without so terrible a loac of European life. I hope, hfereforo, by the mail of the 20th November to teport the destruction of Luckmow, the rehef of 'the gartison, and the dispersion of the besigers. 4.:ets coniene ia telt b,we in Sir Colin CAmpbelL Hlas gwill ss wolU aeudgh*t, tan be as hard as owhen ncesay ; d noting about I old -ficern,'. 'experiende,' 'cSla s,' or, indeed, any- thlpg except.ffibipgq S cc Ba paao, t-[ may reirk the extraordinarX 'efect'produced oWtbetuative mind by the appeer-aQf ot the -ughlAnd . Tle yepoy on this side of India hav6 never sen them. -At first they took -them for women sent out *avenge the mamacre Of the ladies a 6da"pore. 'The battle of OJnso -disabused theni oithat idea; and the Hlghlandors were pronounced 'petticoated devil..' Still they srere a puzzle. The Sepoys -could understand the eqxistence of' devils, bat could not comprehend * why theyehould bef barelegged. At last the truth -came out. The dei11s were barelegged In order snore ncovenieuy -to 'break Sepoys acros their kne ! A -Sepo of the 73d, who' happae'ne to be In Calcdtta' on their arrival, reported -on his retun to his regiment that the TW ,W were lending out nonstaer, with e8- li,e '4lphants, faces, covered with hair like wild beetas, and blood-red eyes. The High. '144&is-are, iu trqtb, a singular contrast io,the people of the low country. -On the arrival ot tq. 42d a Shr or Bing4lee clerk had occsion to go <Q board the,veLsel , 4. -Bighladretepp6dnpito %im, and looked it blndVkng iaudd uriouq then,i -Catinghimmby .Iti, -wat,e heIhim abovois bead, exclaimin-' ivth- a' chuckle of -am4zement, < Sindj, be lhaoeti gs ue're to feht;?wi' I I s'eed sAZcel6ay tWktaSepoy is.very differentfr6m -a Bengalee, being iisuilly taller thau an YdkUlihiht , 4houglibe>we'ghs tle :. 4Shis tepotedt1tit MagnSingb, the great laudTholder of Southern Oade, hOs iepe him ok his trachery. This is the wcoundrel who promiied 'Cin:al Havelock Mid iE he Would advance, and. -then .attaoked hiui. - e now promi-ses, if the Briti*h ill s tn!hiia liandThis cstite sto turn roud. once pmore. ' j do ot, know what ansi7er he baareceived, but,-I 'be,live Qovernientis firm. 'It - i,e could Rg n..arply;-or' .$ i~l?6m he sb6uld be banged, but hevnanothingofAhe ktind.I The"vci- tory must be. our, at Wlat,and the more of thease d6Wers who a4e. heir ill agalint usithebetter. .'t;- DWhi*ewiavo little furtieres Tha. litiawom plete mae of t o*ih n .Soame f . ther incident of the siee, howerver, have' come to 'lit, and. a'o g tSem on which h. driveu e!ery :European, exceptthe higherofficials,-almost frantic. e: Sepoys tdok: 'l 3he wouified Ei Wrpeau*, they 'eoB lA catch 64urint the 'isie, &. burt,ihm altve6. The chFred bgdies, tied to. stakes, ere foUnd bJ 1the At6imers, with the 6Qeen's buttons still recognizable. it must be r.membered that the men whodid this were Sepoys, the om0rad tor 10b; , yean of the victimx-men-lwho -had -been -led ;by thei froma -ictry bt vIcto Y ' have endeavoured, I perezv0e, to account for these atroitle. The caue is not far to seek.. TIh Sepo"ys are Asiatic, and there Is not an Asitic who, havingi the power, would not do likewise. The educated, smooth, ilken Bengalee, who talk English and quotes MUton is exactly as cruel as thie Sepoy, man jus as mnuch agentlean. T!he Hindoo Patriof, low instance, a journal edited by the ablest educated natlve In Bengal, afraid to expres its sympthy with these atrocities, coolly, denies them all. They are Invented, it says, by the Engllsh preos for the lb,opkeepers. I need not describe the proof that exists of their perpetration. I would only memitlon that in every Instance in which stries of atrocties have been circulated we have had native as well as European evidence, and not one-tenth of the truth has as' yet appeared. The Bindoo Patriot, I need not ay, hs neither been warned nor asppresed, aud Is a arm upholder of the exitng Administration. "5Ib appears to be proved that there was at leat one European at Delhi who lent aid to the xuti,neera, Many 'letnr report;,the,^c,aptbure, ,of sh; EngLishman in the dre.s of anative oficer. .Ee 'was a sergeant-major of the-28th Native Ifantry and. formerly an artilleryman. He' renderediit' is said,important service to the besieged, and was created a general of artillery. He hs notbeei execute and, despite appearances, I amn Indisposed to credit t;e storlesof hisguilt. It seems incrediblethatsEropean should 'have deliberately aided the fiends who were burning his w6unded countrymen. I hope it- will be found that he was simply' a mn of Weak nerves, unable to face the dread of death by torture. It is In bhi favour, also tliat the Portugueae drummer, Antonio Seraphim, who was kept to play to the General, and who escaped at a very late period of the siege, does not accuse him, but. considers him rather a priwner. Four Europeins at Moradabad 'turned Mumulmans to preserve their lives. These fit'e appear to be the only Ohristian about whoe conduct during the rebellion there is even a suspicion. Nearly 6,000'of our countrymen were exposed to a danger to which that of death is tivla One may have yielded, four more purchaed life by a temporary apostcy, and that is All, while, hundrods have miet death or torture as cahlly as reward, fighting like Tucker after hope hada gone, or, like Mr Boyse, clinging to her husbind'a breat to shield him fromn the balls. I question if, since the day when the Christian persecutions ended, the world has seen such another 'spectacle; and, remember, these are the men whom England was acecustonid to calldissolute, haughty IAAl-ndina, and to suspect of sanctioning torture. Athey are now ao they werer then. " Agra, as I informed you last week, is now safe, the defeated rebels moving towards Culpe. Juan. pore and Goruckpore, howover, ae In a terible condition, great bands of ruffiaus marcug everywhere and committng horrible atrocities. On the 3d of Dctober one band, about 1,200 strong, was overhaken by Jung Bhadooes Ghoorkas in Juanpore. Mhe brave litle men, with their short'curvedknlves, dashed at the foe like tigers, closed, lshed away,, and In 10 minutes were driving them behind thema in headlong rout. The insurgents left 250 dead on the field. Both Ghoorkas and Sikhx attack any odds with a contempt the rasult proTes to be wdell derved. The whole Sk nation Is heartily on our side, and if the woratcame to the worst, or if England should resolve to abolishcaste,w e miht lot loose the warrior nation on tlhe plains. God, Up the Hindostanees then I 8,000 more Ohoorkas areexpeted-from Nepau4. Jung Babdoo,r. and. lnA-ws. _t? Ai.,,,, Q have behaved igulsrl tghtbthreC lioni. ,'June b ''the c6niIcto' bdes6'd the Governmen, 'who firt asked for troops, thin*aemtf them back, and then asked. for them again,WIthout redstance. Holkarexpored his own lifetoafurious Fabble, and Scindiah,' though from lesa perfect motives, stillheiiedus through the, cri&s atigra.. "In engal theinsurEton i dying out. here are no more troops to tevolt; ecept the73d anad tliSShekswuttee Battalion, and they ilscarcely uaake the experiment. The mutineers areall preesignorth. wards, and the dacoit bands in the Soane Valley are skulking out of the way of the Europeas ins ursuit. Patna is still quiet, and lGyn u our hnds. Tbe feverish excitement manifested by the atals hs been allayed, and the Coles have not yet rsn. The revenue is paid throughout Bengal, the great test of Indian order. This subsidence Is o&ing sinply to the arrival of troops, who are pouring in at the rate of 2,000 a-week. Since I wrote, the Sidney and the Hotspur, and two -screw steamers, names not kmown, have been announced, and the Barham is reported at Madra. Themen as they come in are sent to Itaneegunge,.Barradk. poe, or different buildings. in Calcutta, and forwarded gradually to the North-West. Onh Transit Company has agreed to take 50 a-day in carriages. Hundredcof cart are onstructe,aind all along the Trunk Road, Bengal may be aid to be in requisition. Porters, and carts ae ImprOmed everywhere, to the extreme anger of the lndholders, who would se the Empire periskb(oer thn lbse a penny a-year. 4"The remainder of the32& have deliverdup their arms, and are now at Burvckpore. .. That saAtion is now occupied by part of tfi 34th, part of the 19th, the 2d Grenadiers, and thie 70th, and 43d Native Infantry. This great force, 3,000 men in all, iU, though disarmed, dangerous, and is watched by a wing of Her Majesty's 29th, 350 of Iler Majesty's 35th, 100 sailors, and obme Royal Artilry. Calcutta is loud'n complaint that 1,500 men should be kept idle ratler thanilaughter 3,000 autlneers; The, complaint is unjus, even if these regiments bhm dcserved death, l 'her are -17 cr 18 other reginents uwho certanlyion hearing their comrades' fate, would make on4 desperate attempt for revenge. "I enclose a list of 'pemons believed to be dead, but alive; it will bring codnfort to may . ushold. "1pS. -I ha.rS-i tothe fate or the 1 of DAL' BEsfeis to e spared, for the o l0r thIo arrested'bim, in" violtion of orders, gavDe him a pede 'to tat efect. *The blunder. Is dist.rbut in the oxi6ni- The hoary ouheldedlibately orderd tb m r- der:of 48 Enalish Wovhen- amnd childrien,- a his exempfloi. fu:ini iiSe nN t - will' b" ia te.-*rete-a by every natbre into fea. They*wilI onllughatth* story L'Mplege as aninrentiip tb.ooneal the lIability of-the Governmeuittcarty oat its gilL Tt kemig indeed omewhat tixtict say that a police officer can save a murderer by probaising himr lRfU You omust remember hd' King is-only a simpl& subjet. He is protacd by' no treaty, and id u o aense a prisoner, of w The Courtof Ditectors"5.yearsago exempted his-.paloe from the-authority of -the courbs of ju-bnibtbnAl by an-order, ot:'b. a treaty or agremet Heolughtto be traisporked for lif.. ' " Lieutenmg kQborne, at llawah5 hk bee*, bive .y the. -dvan AfcrcAronlt Rp"-I. - OrrliciS KI!owlt T nAys Sae-Xai AT LVE° o General tem * Avninant.lonel Bazieey, eu!L ArtiUlery; iautr;. L: C4er. ditienutenn WeIter, 78th:; ]Aeutenaat Baleman, ;Ptt; Major 81maes, Stli; Uettbata Mig, 'ditto; . .-a3a hJounwn, ditbt- , LeuiensaIv7ar*e; ditto %iLbu uigYI.#Y# It IR oniL i Iisr3en, Irrsi Ca , "trevet FPerria OO', 3nabnt'f P1. O ;iv utensat G;ashmn, WlO'k e4- ~t'lei_ ,0h .- -., : - sr.amueluio Depnlrjctq o7.ai3 , l. . t i ! n . ' _ *; .: ',- ' RaeeorS in jbani-n- Mums--^ *l-e Andrews and -ro J*ai J have asiled £tCG:impore. * : ; . .-- !1. 0r 'The Go_er_m-.n hveo supplied the Tim gf t1xi followrt gWperdona having, wirilst reportd tp hrvi been. kiled at GTalor, efrecd thelr- us?e to - "Ms. Blake, wIdowr c MajorBIake. "M Proctor, widowrof ieutenut Protor. "Mn. Hirke, widow c Dr. Kirk eand one Cil "Mrs, Hwkbi, widow Of Captain Eawey,andhebt "Capai S teirsbl,I 0""M . Cooplandi widowr-of the Rer. Mr. -CopPanUL "m Haiks, wifof Major R. N. Raikee, andone chlld. "Mrs. Twitche, widow of Sergeant Twitchcn, aed five . 'Hrx.Webb.wido*OT§Vrg*t Webb. Ks. HID, wdowfo GU;mcrHiiIL "VM3 COrna, wIdowof Sergmn Cromn,. "M&s. Cclifeo{), widow Od Drummer Co,es ad hildren." (Froma the Bengai kurial* of 31st.October.) Teopportunity of an additios,l- smer ebles to transmit *n EBxtr Overad su ar,.whh w ill, ad, rid , ...tle~ be aceptable-to -.no trn our last iznlotenbeppxproduetlvedi of any sery fxnportant eves,t. We ar still gpainig souceses. over the rebels, whoare stil showing evry determination nmotto bo .auWue if they c hep it As w itold gur readrs ontheX22 ,ns .,, rebellion I by no meaqsput down, neither are the rebelshowing the smallest of being dii4dined.r- They es thre ig or forces at* lthe prtlne pmijMl; polnt fi' Bingaan teNolri-s Inthe other, preid.nle, In the Pth ab h b llitle dlaturboine of the outward tran illitj 'hiebhaa generaly preVa , though in Bombay some trators have beeA discovered among the 06poy, and some severeoe' cutions have been the result. According to the presentapect of things, It nsems that -Oudo is to be the great Centre of the contest whic4 - wO have now -to sutain. Agra hua- been agin thrat. ened, but the insurgents have diverted their eoure,- and ro now-proteeding In' the direction of Lucknowr, where, on the otherhand, we ar preparing to. coneetrate a lg force, in order to m=ke a deoidve blow. It has bcme app1rentnowtoall, ad we bellevethatheCom mander-in-.hief wig the Ant to be Convinced of the fact, that the maintenaneo of our poudlton in OtLde can only be effected by a force a formIdable in numbers as the little armies which have been hithertt sent have been formidable in darng and valour. Sr.Cohin Campbell' ha rady lft Calntta for Caunpore where he will establish hishead-quarter, andwhereohe wIo l join Colonel Greathed with his victorious column, which has alrtady arzzr Tzoops-of which we have now a large numberin ciUtin-are being sent up as fast as car rgo can be ecured for ihem, and Sir Colin wil dobtlem ha`e Alage force at hbi isi)osalfor the work thatbsato be fdone. Notwithanding th, gallant1ff iriof both officern and men in8what waas 4alled4he R3i of, Luaknow,, it is but too apparent that the. " Reliel" Wma only a reinforoe.. nent, and that our two po3itiona-therteddency ad Alum. begh-hve' been uablie t e'.ffect a communioatioi in the. face of the nendout6ddeoppose4to them. Wahav had but vae -eoonlt of the oonditIon of the garrigonsof.these two places, and the Most alarming iumours were of eourso cdrcated. Yesda&y we received some more oertian 'in. formation, and from this it ix knowu that a rather serere Ioe wasmAned inu sortie rom Alunbegl, made f6r the purpoee of estahlishinga eoriisunItion with the Besdency, n&dthat Sir Jamesoman,himself wau wound, 'we ' hh2dlvatifantryhavbehved verSwrollueethmuti5yofthe detached portion of the reginut. Their ommandatCoIonel}Burney, an offloer who thorougbly fidiruandi Sepoy NAtur-hached them down to E aneegun where they laid. dows, their arms' I a- mot tractab.sl anner, without a roqueet or hint f n hind They remaiat Raesg a paesent to add to ih b whichUifelt in-disposing Of the ether thre di-aed regients in Caidtta -ad ka TMckpore. These gwe too oA to be trust Ad Aw t ootoo shot, and ire tsoerfor ufotxthbg exoept to receive their pay and to nesesethe th employmtet anll ureao n remen t to Govter tmen .: snxiarG ino ;k ,- ; "FROM , APTA H. 'f. L: TO -THEG- a : '>s',-A' *msi ~itieZnt n wbroref Tuead OW "AitU fro *Letn iH Gineral ntnmojf the 6e}ofw Siehtdams, ts that L po" ects of there were Neativ. TPh Hsthe fotoi (eg IserJ viae nw ,r .pcbwer in vou, foo vmbaernd,-ielefth.a2sxny Tmeesengers erFAoxLisceTfEglt eSfa -ol g Te W ''H n. they ReaW teihozyr t Gb6 w k u%L denos tsey - UVIfro northwards..d l+ptbX .S*et ofthellpasltywhlohcsetJoudporefrontiertheotoheday. with the c esf about 20- ollld;t81 bodivesere c . neit day, beides maf fi hot In tank, and thee caredd away in the gt. Our hiboy of police fowr utup - large n Eer- Six standards taken. Our ne hs seven0 wmoundedy . Theo followingh s aosio bee receifed from Govemnmeni:- " ERoM CaPT H. Enucs To T}n GIovrRoS,- "UCaunpore, Tuedy, Oct 27. hA letter from ojor=Gineald Orndma of the 2dth ot bptember0stbtes that Lieutenant Wild, of the 40th Raltve infantry, whot-was suppsed to be dead, ubli king t The followng aer-viea message ahi been reoeived from =overnmentt "Fnso LrUsurnah-r OsnomNr TO THZ GoyxroN. ; GxAr. 'C Rewah, Oc.W 25, U;r Mirncsai Oct. 26, 1l15 a.m. ':woe teraop terrt or is now quIWt. The Sirdars have thrown themselves Oc the mfqg ot Govenmet Thi has: ben et about by the pesene f te foroe at bIutta Pass." "Pcs C!O OLOrSx Wn.soy IO mx CUma or THX Sr&jr. _ "dCmp, yh poorso Camtonrn ntD Oet. 20. "The bohoigemecolun nowr obmmande r by rade rope Gornt int24 mies lato-thi place rday,nd. Reoepied it wilEut opp,o Gio. The Rxjo fled a few hours bweore our arva, leaIng id;inA him a good deil ofW property, arssax-pudr, se7e.at sal nativ# gun, andi aox sti4,00l. b. of gcnpowJesr t; we'sith oweriai,2d,O00' rupees, 7thetresure lef here when thze outbreak flhti took plac. We march on gBewar to-morrowr, and if all goes, w ell und6rtaiketo reach. awnpore,hy.the 28th instnt. A body of mtlieera dwith eight guws ereeported to have takenup T aposlitona BThwr, but now sd to hnae f-eidL !d Gwaor troops arc beUeved to be ',In'for Jhansl, aud * l7age mnunibe of Dellhi'fugitive rntineers wore at eer.P m7np, te -f9rco betw s thisx ana Cawup,re a few dasp ego beig doubtful whether to march nto Oude or touekeor Bulida sad-thaeilshbouslhood." - - The following ervce zpesaage ba've beenrwoived from Government:- "PaEosr W. 1MuRn 2Q., TO G. F. EnxOrSTOxt, 3RQ. "'s'4f, -Oet;2Z'-idCawnpore, Oct27 " Showers" eolui occupied ;oare on .the 6th, *al4ng, six guins. This Nawab ctmenoul; to meet Showers and promado aid Ii sig th mutier o h . 34t. -M(hmr bi4ert.L wrne-fl d -the echeun en theO 17tl,$ Thej)n,ovet,6f,o*.i zarJhujjr. The Nawb emeot anL t aue .erehujs4lt. ._. _ : "Opposition we exp~ced at .Jb ujunr, hu:th tbc ctn. monte were founa evacuated. 21 guns av: fnuch ao- - oc,h .La¶ftS (NabiB'ereeg takrg Jhujur; . Tulsdo khaiv 6dto S ia ,I;a, pa~i6setm;, ,ixifto afliglt to obRid cu iinVcr aruteortae sital . r JS fled towad i iffrovinces ptoi.loArourwt oeNol4th Weit g6uer i - ) Q6-.. tri sqiT&.~-rDo-( SrP EDOS33O 1 ;7 ; 4.AlrB9L! P4wzCb22SSP s Bhowers'M BrSade took poa&s-on of Kann witv 1sh*eutiingoff4c oNthvNabobosfrop, orn 206binW'" - TIis follo*wi ift e-es n molved fiom. GoernL '-'Xxv.ni,_ -r.. j $.,oa Ltt. , ,v Mn iur 'A.,xmAou OcT. 20, : - '; "11160 Mozbge Saprs andyiAer ibFlxt Dholf r&A br 'r4ior. enl6tl m-.i$ai rz' !rcemeeniih ri. . _ _t I 10e q tR.: ha .-re eated. Al quiet h andid the - t Thelalnsuia- and Oriert6ipny bay resolve sondui,g'0ftlab Printe'rain o,A SMea tmorro-:r~ 'tog, 'wiSh th4 'she ewo l brinff7,4 l k baktts and mn&ll--btin iav@ZrUfoz-hev,t\t w~ " ita~ urr-t7senda -~rII~n twJ' f ',s,t~ea*tbe, ji mai5h X he, t--. The Alma sm ti'eam4 : 9th 3rhd 2t of . opt}er';b erg' ~j coriii eb~jr; =>rj',jl&g w! no -bes ~UvcP4ecw* f^iii)Ud. - -W -'i ce Th '*es a'r'Ye ' a" ~~1~ig a~'ex S5hidpehd;sjc esurlut-there haveome * 1ohr2Sd ,gst., #t, Wfroa-xolWiich, 14t4 UVwt I-,= 2 -4onyall14 ; onte 25th,.th . . 95 * @ Lee4 e,. li July, t22L siam cit enk;-asathe Aroet, fro ilondon, .38th .aun 8 2241ii;ox tb e299b* the Uy.ae, fronm-Portempulth, ll*t i1,with 260 men of the-885h; oi t39eQUi tie : E rq; aiof to.day Sh Y * iU ae ire ale ar e. ame. c3 ! Od , P p *Iolarmi * n e i,ed.; Her llajeet7s-. E team i'ene icpe Ian proeeedid to Rangoon, there bei1#g o, ie tOSIh*n TOMj t- ow from the Kaea and HerMA. lai '. 'eam a B anspareil aid A s see wilI be 1 inj for a in a few da with some ma.rlnes,- owin itWia. We ral uet he We have receind nHlIgencem Hongkongto.l4th . ,, but ndhain6 of any Importane. . Lord c n had done nothing. The Burmege and Chinese quarter-rot anon -hae iaeebVt downa l spn,- but tis timewith le loel at ,proptytljn who the,fire Aprail t oocuireu. . The.:moseY.mrkt hI much "er than it ras, and the eah hlanco, in tfih Bank -f BengoWledilyInYreing; hein nowr upszrd% of 701ta, while It was under 4o01x6s week or two ago. Silver ii coming roDua fromBomba a Madrsg and from-Chlua, In additoia to the direet mport#oul7 -4V7 Q T*irom. EuI.-nd j. Oia i a an itof rupees sines the hogalnmIg of May amounts~ to, 2,70,M00forogef ei. g..r03't Goverun met .ecurtles have not gimpro5 ed beIng 23 to 2i _ _h_ _ born-so e rnoth&zPA.t tI e hn f >,,,po ~f o,rimueer. Ietz i' onublted-I Br- on VhWin,06eo su erstno the terme nIe; 4bt' p f ree .domtled t -which rate tT me withithanextf~ wozl5hiipilreduce a deciline. The ji4 atiShE:~ii JO ar ID fvonr ofsaS beln The following tcea sage hasat Iatbeen receivedat thec Ealilndib.HEns; -The nwiritbelfwhieh it was Mtended this miessae shfould -axitci. pate by several dsp, seems to hive game time -. miyyedat We , , , ALCUTA, O,cr. 31. -.'"LrJCKNOW.'' c rmoiunict ll , and no certain intellige=c froi Lucknow of later date thim the 21ht of October receivedl intlil offlce.. - that date food was rwunig short, and it would seem that the gun-buloc were being laughtered. - - - .' "Bua'rlief was pproahing. Colonel Greathed's column, after reoccupyng Mynpooree, putting the Rajab to~fl'gh, and recovering much property and two, and a half lac of treasure, reachedCawnpore on the 26th.-- For some' ti`ne 'iat`troops have been leavlfg this iay forte saedetinato ad theCo-. mader-in-Chier Started 'on the 27th. - ' ."RIGACDIER StOW oot j :! "The' forc-of about1,20Q;fmDe i, uer ,rIgadier Shower' occupied Dadree on the] 5th. october, takin g six guns; and*ten be2b4g:.oled by Cashmere troop.j tMok.i?pongdon of jbinjr, wiith @21 guns and-inuch ammnunitloim,. "; The Na'b mmrrend.ied himself. On the 2Wh they seized KE od, cutting o k400 of te awabitrooS an&talsing five" lacs of * treasue "DEL I XC'There In no do{rbi that-the *Kibei life has bon, gusiantild. - He Will be sent. toAllahitaid, for 4pnveyance to Cilcutti. Partclars- hxve bieeZncalled fo'. "EThe arrival of thIe3Id ftroopaat the Kuttra Pjan put ,eveqthing at Rewah into the Political Agenxh n.d T Sirdans subnittd, anad gave up the:prisoner whom they haa forcibly released. ,. ,The Wa;h enprsdextnie regret, a&uquiet *ThePolitkeAgent inteded to return from the amnpatgi,Riatbe5 Paw t, 1ihah on. the 25th- .'n sgent of the-Na i Sahib has put himeli it thoxea4 oi o inu tineers of- the Gswallor Contin` :gt:WdAi,isA.ffoQg8t probable -tht lie may fo~,ra , ^,ici writh the .Dixiaporo mkutineers at B&h4. ortlJ sb-wmay@ixctou-galpee. I _ - , l -aThu orhe od htalr e or ontlietlho moenueiation, amed belenhea of 36 miles fro (irzr. '*- 1 . . " Maior Burton, the Political Agent slart w e, has been fou]lym iurdcred, .with his two sons, ky t4~e 1 troop The lajih s suai not to hAve be sopoernod jthme actt. ,' aclnoa' have gone twirds the Sambhur Lake, t hi Jidore nutineers, who w e defeated at Agra on the 10th, have fled to lujpoofafll. " I . F. E DMO]PTON E, Seeresry to the Government of india."
MILITARY AND-NA YA INTBLUaRNLE. nho 99th Be2imglt of Foot rrlived at li rpool from DiblM Prday Inornbg In tse mers TrIagar ad Prince, and Proceded to the camp at Ajdeahott With the Ylew of afording thb offloers and troop sta. tiuned at Chatham gAron verY fcility for cquSring a bur*ge oEtbeuaofeEeEnieldrjfletwev1ordyito ther.m =baraptIonforai a, the authorities have dfeotedapubll ee. tire to be gLTA to the oficers andtroops by one of -the i. -thotorsof muaketryevary Wedney evening In the Garre. i6ii eCpel Schoolroom,th fiKrt of the seies being glven lut. 'ilgLt. AM the officers 'tt.hed to the Indin depOtb qar'teat Chathbam hATe reGived directions to attend tit 1euuee togethbcr with iha -naoommWioned offier and m; of thebr estive corp. 'the 9'th )ien. i'nder command 6f Colonel M1il, esmaisied on'Tue6d.Yat' ?!ymoauth on boardtkesteamPhlh?Abeonu, beon .g to -te ,;eninsular nd' Oriental .OmiiMrns for,conYqeysnee,.to Alexandia or the Bist 21dies;, she a aeppointe di yestray. This is the Ah'4iri*,of emb&retl6n; ,theey left Cbrk on Monday, the 5,i- ofrOatoer, in the eteasbshlp Atia which was dis. '3blend-puOit OV t`o'Pl*tiut, wbher'they embatk-6d in 'iiei-i A0odd dine oniAI4uhlof -Novenber., lhe toho, gmommen,SwiU take plce to-day and to' morrow in Sootland-Tl.-Thg t-Battation Rifle Brigade proceed* frqitsld=onlOgl Okla'e *the 1st St&Tcr&s , la,at Pe;, .e I;VdinterSh, and wig 1* tnQq,edodjgrhbiS O htlo (03mps of th * 4.4h 0o iai Atting o the-Boar& o£idmiralWty on TQe^ day+hEe appolt~njt 4rmir-4.$ir Chrim A5eto 1 a .v6te4.' CatkGro''ae ftho, Vx *ill .h latterdEofce? to flagrakbyths¢ reaetion oiftl lr *ef4h.Peet. n-,< * . T- .0 . 2%? C*p ;iuFIr6manUe, was pid off yersr aiongglde'htbe dofard~jetty at Portmnousth by the asenoc ffierof the ordinary, Captain Eres, C.B. lNot a man : ohe.teai*bl.ntherdethui n-a*a'ber, btrddrlr -inesaup,.flten-.t;B dshawe, the aeoMeuiotenalt, 1ha itona;en ap t&fstli6utcngh of the Calypso, 20, t Cham, 'upswkaot 60ofbtheexperienee4 acemeniof tb Jtim6im>e ibi etlY-Ii: sfoE'oMr-' -ln The ~iof a 4a. glIfii to 4ha ' portctook pmigbln4be FPlsny, ' *;hu}e )M1t oor,rpere asj-U emn1ietiae -h the -Eal; lnt..n Vict9r ior Abe 'sWipe .ittin ou~t? t40oae Yokme- ;iIon-- t fh1: g hlPj,Che mj;aneig low. ImooreSd g sidt'he r:rcuti ship -Reoa;-Wpep4 o jto *a%kfnInto,dook, Y etrdyt ore wer,1iej?i. -.he urPa&oesXorthe purpose. ok*p6scertainng..i h w D;[ ibti 'b,rd Seen cone 'to;'-er'-iiMiSc,r NHe'iit was foind tbat, * F to 5chem'long t1e-it bhaa been unde'ratir ziad !the1 VWit?f cb'sh?iti.ef n6iidlit vifi-?veAery TtotAska, it :Itp tor'ttie rpoa* of bing- gbhorDgly: Xqp#ired ?ud l-leane&.Td .he hgl If .the atearn.r hs not ceeivedany1 very> _ _ __ ~ Imii es~rdiKy4't pi§Wp~~~~ i W e?re road. r, t (ii. 3Bi9 ibi>nTynedin E;, to ther Arentw; Ik . io te roraeSx k.' CaW lypeo 'W.Cohphnnd, nr^^ Ide th ite Cur8hdk ler*m'lli Steel g ta att the .Cura4 ; J. S. fl Sciipithe'ictory A to ?cItI : beno . to - -MliTI~~~~~~~.+'A- V - . 8j' lJot;.rnidr qikpD"--v tothe-o-- the' Ardent u md . -,sb4IMJ4 -to thAlir _G.Mi --- 8kd -A.LX6uUPA - h . ; O -0?;Cfi6S an biexV'ofPC'd yomto?dxm'ptv3re~'l1it!a . Ige appoinited to arrve Gt"Pa , Soi thi momitng s. ' : .,hTbe3}ern itia;jfr t ke'larrakt s f sbe erp¶ote_ icOwrtly st Pse th o ,ylo-Zzet an8 ' nitoe. Th@ 4th MiLdAeg uiiua.itii broz nI.r 1 f3r on th-e ' tdoalway, Gy^eseterday eveg JDa t'le ,, ^,tAtti^,4'vy 0 . i . ' -f ' -4 . .
F r-; .. 2--.B .,. ,__, e - fown l -fleo e atof the t 1+ eiVK1t det W bei tlU gallb t part taken by-tA -* Delhi XMag6ine, 0t3. . W6 iwsr ly FerApoeO,an adont tuMe 1th Of la ay we hard a greet rumr abt hXepos brtikngout, - bo o - kSwwh% tie "aewse'aliOmmeeedno 2Ma a tsbv t >}u itS1; we would nto believe for a rmoemen itwa true,wh e,mue to our srPrse , the 3eloaithe, t ug alaVeioung and th. regimait-wa oerd" Underarms Purt o No.16 oompany, about 12 fi1e, w erved oitv. 60 rounds of ball arnewnltin on the si6t and ordered tb proeeod Immediately themt gtelnutopreientbX lsbtr g'P ° slonef It, whief tbey very timry e --th.e, jt g tewalu ' Whsn Nei, 6 Conipeni heeded by Maor FA4o *~ed rushed inf oth Fott And huit.diftjei* ou~ ;theos prson wouniid w oeanen d sndbgo's, miiAeA ballih the -14. H 1ollia WWe. -During thisttme the riinent was-In:lin6 atd facing -he fitatlon, xo as t. beready-at a momuent'- Xotic AfterWe.-6t`ook the'For: -two other- npaulee were: nttote - IAghtiard No.-k-Aa riemtaed usmdiv uamaiu bt. e .aider of tIm rgment pr6tecting :s,,bmwAkj It "Wa A dredftu ight As soo ag It commVInce getting dtrk, :th. ouar div i iall gangs andwent tbi!ough -te.xut mentW, b g4 Iit: ho -.hey.teame 'to.- -Tiey bb Wnt-ie:velivurch,' ttheK .czhz4, ada4e1y spabWedig:fl i dh Yeo .!fr. WYe-ssnt ou e ite&tp 'nxI.rday:td snr. thetp6ee;r dme eL-bemoa aauc~ and aPvep- ltheir arns, tbe remainder of them; :Jlio~ied it" -to6Wd :De l. There were 44ut -15 of .them t*ied by genera oour-aril and "sen t dto be blown fr;om, - Ueguns. -,It Was a dreadfqi ;gt to see; the who eo'the troopi in the station- wre Odrwn njctollne w ith the rtir, and idtprisoners were thenbroagt to,th frioui-it d tieto -the niowUthfthe inns, -Xblown }faway. =,." had 'vey hea'y -dut Uh i; X \b, mountin uad au picets, 'E oe, nit in- e-a ametinmes none a all.: We emaied that way 1the 13t of June,whei a orde came for the right iing of the diet to poced imiedite to?Delhl;the order came o t o and, a we had to march at 4in thee eqing; lb ebody wa i eonfon, trying to fina ont whMt compa would haveto go; at last it was found grenadiers Hoe. 23, 7,and -Lighte marched uder boa. lonelJones that eening at. 8 -o'clockfor Delhti fan4y how fatguingit must hi been to be marobing forae marches, sometimes as mucha, 2-miles, in the middle of the sum ds!)I ,vewy tr g, I are you. At all qra4ti, -We. arx, at Delhi en.tha Ist,of July, snd. then owr libo oom ,. In the tplae the cholera: broke out, and eighful It w sto our poor felows dying la ds sometimes as many ae five and six a-day. During.- all this time the dutLy ws gettnj hevier every day.. We Tver often went on picket without bein relieved for sin or seven days ;snd,einggupanco=t*ntidrng all the ti#methe bruti uaed,t& oomicmit avery day, and we had to drive .thm upto the tills of Delhi baok again. We eusedto los agr2oatmany of oufontlat 1way, f'or s soon as we retredback to oamp the Bepoys opened fire with their artflo leqr. We were too close .toAhim altogether; tbey playe thbedol with our poormnen, Sut -iae,arde their fair fling tbey are the grlest .owards yon ever came across, Ther won't nad at L4'utbl Id4lbiihI .blck wallse. or geti nto houses ;they ~iAl1never show a front. Aeso0n qasthey hear a cheer from the Europeansthey nly aay lihe miceWe.: remaine .till- the r night of the 2ith of Aust without progreing, when- an order Was gven out for the 61st and Lst Europeans and some Sikhs -to march at 4 the next morring to a place called Ifinjer. ntwas3given. out byiaor spies the dy before thea large body of the &po ad ft Delhl and prb.o ceeded to'this place fortho purpoee of Cutting off our: sup - plies. We msiehed -to the- morning and overtook thhin bot 4anda xgoodard fight took plce, but, as usal womadethesoundrels ran. -LieutenantGabbett of Ho* 2, got killed.: We lout-fiveor sk men and several wounwed. We daptured 13 guns an& all their -camp equlpage. . -I forgt to mention that wiwere loing so many men wihir cholera tat we had to send to Ferozepore for the left wlng. - They also came by douWxiiahee, and hid to enuntor a greet el o trouble on tlie reed. They arrived at Delhi on the 14th of Aug st. The weather was getting a llttle' cooler, bet stilll,it as r y diugreeble in tents Af w mived, I am norryo say, the cholr brole ozti ni safasAver. Wu done day'dins men; you-cant ushowr we were nit t~ se hartdly h men enough-to . relieve the pikets. T miri h~rz~ezed that-way till'thieise| E;n ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~a i iz t iit6eerd uidin ateries and -lying Ln the-treates,e an the!.iIey~e, honvdn lre alle of Delhii and~ thcA elj da^yin nigsht. Web igrat:manymen-rwouIpelIntiE trenohs. On the zihtpf th 13tb, w.hen all our advaseed. btsterlIwowre,zea,dyfo,raction, pqto the arm lell, camp. (ayel,IAssnrq you)} gandvino<,&itbl4n a ,hundred ofsdthewralls,nndercover,iea4to lerm t4~e pt, whih-e did at about daylgt tfie nemorningF,the rs. zn4sdec cfthrJelwnksnt~i g akother - ot the qt witinta y all aboutthe mear imsW? nraage4 itbheaiatfully,aithouizUr re a geet- man a ad woumded; Idare a over 1,000. 'The- eonnrels foewn in all directios. d entered the city and haltedat the church that aight, sndtng out pickets. We renrined in the lou:ch until the night of the16b, when the 61epgot theoru so fall In at 3 the next mornig, nozboDy knowing whAt for, the 4olonel teling us at tie xame time we ha& some hot work to do the nezt morning.. -We fell In, and were told off to fonr disvons, 22 file each-in all 176. That was aU we could muster, we hdso many sick and woanded. We m%rchbd towards the magezine, stormed the brech, withoutansy.oice, and got the word I Charge;' and no doubt our boys, did chg with a 'vengeunoo, shoutl4 like madmen,anu-killing every one that came In or hads. I think .we took the rals by ur pri,se or they would not have giveni up the pie so eaily.- We hUk two men killed, and abot idx woundod. After getting into the magazine - theY came down by hundreds, but tey could do ans ery little hm We beinglalde. and they outL the fools commenced pelting itodesg atus, and- trini-tto r bn down a lt-of saeds that were titheplae We captured 148 guns, beddee a lo of Qo shell, adammunition. Ourworkwasnowdonesfor that day. I am enly writng abont our own regment. Otharreimentstwere doingequallRyas zmueh goodcas ourrelves. Therewere the 84 52d, 60th Rifles, 75th, 1s, Wnd 2drlgrons all: figh4tgi as hardin other parts of the city, and- cit of all theie regimnents they would no *form. 8,O0' - men, -the-. ary -was suffering so muql from tioknees; ;Woere zelieved.from-themagzine by the 52a Regiment, and then our ;negiment was divided; iomewent to-.thebhaik andotbes to dLfferent pickets In the ity. oi thewnorning ef the 201 prt of ourrt: ment and the f:ifles took .theLalae, with 'Very little oppo. sition.on theart oft,a ehemy, and that finished the tald4g of -Delbt, A, citaluaiute, wfired on the m orning ofE:e 21Ut of September on thewall, of Dtlhi in honour el eas turing-the dty-,P&aIse; &c. We expected to have taken the Xin In the Paladeo but he was too wideawkoefor ut at theat.time;'heeoaped,ut he wastaken byourpeopleaoit - 30:redle frdm De)h~i;-tih his sons. They were all btougE5t 'hack, Tros dlfisos were *hot the othet day,and the King Ix-now n&prisoner, awaititnhi trial An Europea megnajce(rtoft28tl Native Infatryvti take fr aensr-. ying tenijak -his esca%pO from DelhL oe H!aIn iwalti'n.iea4.iOBe:,wasgiving -aistace tothe-Sepoyst neth tln&, broke. e't. It is Isene ho e :papr. Tkley.re ktb threas of eaveo te laId- hat$s &Asd wormth bastatta agret anr. And -o%-my deer fniend,-I havaigicen-yhu'smal descripon of what has haF ienedto'fnuand thetRimentsisceiblfhosrible affatr broke out, "ad tbualb6gtote Iod both ma marmwife- have eseaped. teooiaW'Vdkmowth&t a tOewoien wae let I6 -Perer#ore, ~fritontb tAloa*aolon Jois.are lr,gdr a ltenieh Dean Is lhiehr&e btntbeinent.-Wth geueaddpcapsa4tbothez -h feoi> t1se. pow. Kiof- lveto your i4f tolooae d ouwligctelL doingwelL. . - --: "Ilm yo^ *tralyio tf~i~igtAsaf o l PY of a Iettu from s.pNrteDsoldin pt&1a i~prp~n flerbg; ' ja & L," P , 0ielth, 2itu hS.b r. e nmr " Mx dearj(oher-- and t lcaler,.-1lIee I at lat t Iw, In I 'lila*hie Pa Wkt zVvesyfS bal ,tlDig we walloped tthe, -anleeouobiaff, splendd fortififed plac, but nolt wirl1x6uo1 eax apvy loIc, vfpvlooiflto my poor rieglimen (60thh ifti beingf the fisti3- "ffMthfled and- the laY ot out otf It, an lam pftru to aytwhe wo f t Of th wheh , [ ,,r ,'tla Sa oi~r-i.an topii lUeos yen maginkvwhic1,Ietf!in God-I shall). The' kerrias 4hkgI JI!O wAtneiAe4AWoo the 10th of Mpy ae" beyond ljjl8ftf' - T bol llef-,Ikd-Iq'XPF I sha ll yet -ee oany mnure; is we- a"Oee ed Ifrom this at a m;it t' warnig. - - , rpaeiemo, Ibe me, Ihavoefttslmosfbgiveii7np t -the-gboe tom s,ae*my,ra ccmrnadE allm,op, ana olher regoments, ourisuppurt, retir and leave our poor fellows dyinglsr:thw-a1eets of ithe citY. *e of co,f' r .ftge fAwaras manyaam possible. biu-I regret th-siq tht <cWe had-toae many tjfno -soitem tfo an cursed t7liaudrla .hcercy fand'S t hat was m~ar them offan cut ot tfoqgfc "Te imtbasUIr-tk 8t U th y agoe ye the, 'tle bikyofiet.- Ifte ii(ib4 dal Oi M f f # J ° =~~~efig th0 w zer should have *kdwal thi i TsMbl PaZaoef*ri-wt'fr then 4t, thQ. Stood p151 -*anemcgforfo,- d4Ay but 11w miserable $wiowhes haYS ~~'Ito4 *.iye m f1aeKi_D .aAv o: .d. I!re gittUia. sea. 1hsE f whom-'41ahMaai Wtor In 4h4 a^iii *eea a watnir. X ,,,,ot th . 4 ^*wo Wlllbtthfisemaedobet ^day .r s w nuIlit &U 1:' ' ' , tjs -( fio*t,Us MhMeteea d1i ine goo I ot bn, w ab'l he w plt vl4 -avi' dony your t their ong he' enZW4t. ounk,; m t out Ats, S, Pfa. ,T every. l , . had-at It -so f iv ~hAft ;'IaI aetney got At Int th e1ty r In ofig&~ uoleOe zouIQdt~ye l;-imezmoe what*1 thyll oing-4z act, thyS,Ed!acplle Lto tine del, nSob 4aisg q'hat you, ,my dmparetw, jn aU th ,ai :, j ia,qug frlendsareln lb aae , I rouyoeyercationt
Ti - Binop or LO2NION .Tr B&--z*.- yeetrdij ivi8 a moan ot a vryexkordnary chkictr W itiuul in the ueiboui.Md of Bd&iiapee. rThe BDhi6p Of:Lo4bdom ts sbmiui tb 1d * Jierd1 mch -*f te spirta wat ofkhtieIhbourhood, and eoWly .fthe p_wr cl.oW, and that he was derousr of 'Meetbg *ad preaching to thnd oni Umbhect8 qOM2ct0d vwith the-r *vj ' *eWr*e a f ]zr bapnee s. S. Mat. thews chlschrwhIh.b dtiaeIn the niet deneaey-popu. Kat&and-Pwpe?idet dhttsifth p aslwa.elaoWd I& jtqe w toWWt whthe qBiaop a&to0ddiver kiz aadresz and 16ng,lbere 8 o'dloolo the t'nie appointed foi the cemontinent ot Iii _erife% tRe apeo cU& was densely crolwdd by euok an mdato ait iu quefe,1jieverebhforr smeieanyo*unhin EngIwd. .bep pb'ho embit were of the peoreAt poinible c4iom~,- wiW $; A~uat ck iad, & iidashy fKame, .WOm6nWo*f.}^};b.tekd,l sad privatloni they are ci pou freild-i2e, and Bniny in booczfas- luit; 1k* .tohiiatiKs of th mostyeletble ' imss the lornay .ww6$ IMM eV o at ~Intb.e treet reia i ua~ 'jt oIe~r* . if aabik the. wheic hugs* the churc eXtiSre 3ho aceommeaUs. The1 wee pe1IileI aa tie&r ip" v*p otpoe& gSM veatig .sF h r.:>t ,. {Cu ' -*0 b Mg nitUop eal 1Xa thebl, acen,it ab eee a upie: tibi u vn dlt n tbp& itdhon zuee, In a body heaecdm.&eoet. r t hi epikooft ioe oh4 tqchhinmat t izaoo nioo tahie, *nd tIM erdiiiiry es.ticea5 ptfioriied b iIh&Xay Jsh f oTh' 6 . i b *kIe o thw:&us^ l*thsrtew-.reaodf .ika sSlA ebateco -front. the: c1of - rint ad- o.~- vl: a&ainated , ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n adree,Iaibe&te &o; * sE -the mspdaei, he y:ntte~t4rhq the _upeoq* ot .th #so i0fleXt ?4 2r be In :4poa e LIfhefratboNi s,oiod h2e iStt ?*itI~tha reil u1s oa~ axa ,e~ ie id,.ohthok:,el -V~iJio4aso maeatB v4aUr -dqibad T4t wovadh tihe "RCty1 - Ith [ached hkem' t ofwa& irtm' atul their gorrowa I andlh gy}t,te~-t o a mtxe rtya,-r:woa1Zl .w am, dYw -:as h jou it3 oieT Ss a e,_2fre wy e rhSp Wi SI;,.mv mrlfes.^M .O eo U*on, to sni urn&be~ were' stt4kwitkb!sl ifps anima. i . h^xteiin Word: IatwMhnnioedtih bitop eChure. in t3le ae p1r, of - ,rOoji i a-Te iice of *!0Yl oIs.e, in3rWAzoheber ,afteraprctrt eof : ousight sels.-i -x le'Ingti -hto temlplllted by k trbtrri ieare o:ut of. a-duitrnel itbeut 1 .tbeayf.heIildb*wahi6#t0fim1arOedfee, but, - teffi coud, ot,b'4pe:^sait -tb futueb-oursonothe ear. Jimarttelyped 5tnmw aMd55 iyit' -964me? nd 53.pr1 tunatelylanded the operativee inthe ridetqf a2peiod df -; j4d4prsse1ej the!r 4;is- wh'en thu agit, t -.. <1 f*- -
FORBIQN L&T.i6tGEKL1Z - FRA2NUF" (oY OUR OWN OOIOUMPONDM. - .- -.w L&Poruon ofaefouoWingammavd iuour moona O&tlon at vowtoyakwo-I PARS, TuxwAr, Dxc. 8 a r. t For several months pst a series of srti" from the pen of M. Ampre, member of the Frenh Aca. demny and Profesor at the Oollege do Franco, has appered in the Re des,xDe adu. The. were enitledHistoiro Romae dPeand wer mAd to be composed amid the ruins of the 3tenual COity They begin with the Imperal Gooverment under Augur. tus, and bring down tho narrative to the tlme of Coistantine. Tew parekof which the Coola ritho Forum, the remini of the pace, templexarcles, baths, and aqueducts, have augestea the matr;as give evidence of great eruditlon,and are writton ina piqunt and fminliar style. The Teneatilc ofi4ugus tus,as studied by ?4Ampreinu bust and stxtues? resembles that by Gibbon, who explnains iEmperora f' tender respect for a free oonsttutlon 'which he had destroyed by the attentive conideradtio of his artful character." The wiicent with which Augustus beautified ome were, It appeas, to divert the people from the thoughts of their forme= bert. he skeh of the mmberns of the Csr aiy 173'3; Anpbe ~waa very pphio. WYhether he mneant to contey in these papo*s any allusion to contemporaneous history I cannot may, but it is certain that the readerts of the P~eue des Deuan Moiidethought they detced several pointsof resemblance between it and certain epochs of the Inperial Government of Rome. Be this as it may, a formidable competition, under officil patronago, has, since the appearmco of these sketches,een ralsed against the Bue desDeuw xMndee; and a bimonthly publication, entltled the Bwue Conatemporaine, has been taken under the auspices o, If not pmirbaedby,the bisterof Publiolnsruetlon. The RemsC otemporsine was, until very recntly, the organ of the Fusionist prty ;itlIs now, uoder the sae manger, devoted to the defence of the Government. Thus far the Minister had the undoubted right topatronizeany periodical he thought proper In oppoaition to another pubiation which has for so many year, and on its own merits, possessed a bonO, fiea publicity, but that right Is exceeded if coercion be employed against the writers in the Bevue des De=a Mondes. Among them are xeveral Professors of the Univerdity. To these, we are told, it h been intimated that their continuing to write for the Remue des Deua Mondes wil merioudly interfere with their prospects and chance of promotion. Control over the Profer, as such, may be admitted to the Miniter of Public Intruction; but interfering with the employment of ther leisure hours, or preventing themfrom giving their articles to the periodical of their cholce, particularly where those articlee are of a purely literary character, Is an unjustifiable stretch of authority, for the authority of the wnister ceases with the funcionry. Some of the Professors have aeceptir the hard altesnative, and auitted the Revue dea Dean Maodes, in order to save their ch9c of advancement in their University; and they are forced to make the ssyimice of tir y- pathies and their convictions, not only in silence, but in another publication wbich differs widely in lts poitical and religious views from the one they re foroed to leave. Some, however, have courageously submitted to the consequences, and ma'intained their independence; and, though obliged to abandon a Ipursit which was honourable and not without solid advantages, they have refused to transfer their works to the official Revw. It Is to be presumed that in the distribution of whatever favours or rewards It is competent for the ;Minster to bestow the recusants will be passed over, and that these wUll be rerved for those whowe chief titlo consIst in havlng ylelded ready aqtlescence to the exactions of the m#liter. I am mistaken if the E3mperor would approve oonductug such matters with so high a hand. The first Napoleon declared on one remarkable occaslon that, whatever became of the poltica re bl in Franu, the republic of letters ilould at euevents bo held inviolate. I doubt whether he would sanotion this unnecessary attempt to coerce private opinions, and to exact from a functionary who won his position perV as ahymnng can wedTbe; t&'r!gu1ks nrs-p%N1 sonal concen at the bidding of the miniter of the day. The Univeridty mansifest much impatience under this new yoke attenpteaito beplaced upon it. It has nothing to do with polities; ita members do not write for any Publication of what are called advanced opinions, but It is unjust to punish them for contributing articles to a Reevzew to which persons well known for their devotion to the Imperl Government, as IL. Merim4e and L Nisiard for Instance, are frequent contributors The same interference, it seems, has been attempted with some members of the University who wrlte for the Journal des Debats, and similar means ued to detach thom from a paper as remarkable for the talent oI its writers as for the moderon oi ti articles. One gentleman Is mentioned to whom the offer was made of an honourable and luerative post on condition that he ceased t, write for the De& ts, He made hls choice as became a man of spirt; he refused theplace, andcremained faithful to thepaper I think it right to add, that at first the Mnsiter of Public Instruction did not inst on these gentlemen quitting the ue desDeux Merndes,but merely that they should, at the sme time, help to support the rickety bantling of his adoption-the Revue Contetnlpraine. The manager of the Revue des Deau Mantdes, as might be suppwed, rejected this divided allegiance. It was too much to expect that he should render assstance, at his own cost, to a publication which was avowedly meant to do him an injury. He intimated to his staff of writers that they Wrem at libertY to pam over, arms and baggage, to the RBemu Coetporaine, but that in such case their connexion with him should ceasae then and there. The greater part remained firm to their old standard for, independently of material advatlta'es, their writings command a publicity in the levue des DeO=Mondes to which the rivWmagazie has no pretensions; and, moreover, to the Bev des Deaz Mondes belong all their politiMl sympathies.. Itwas then that the Minister W ill-advied enough to prohibit the columns of the obnoxious Reriew to the Profeors of the University. The susension of the journal La Prese was n-i. politic, unjustifiably harsh, and the effect is stronger and deeper than I had umgined. The public sy, -' We are every day toldby the officl press of the stability of the Government, of Its snding on the broad bads of universal suflrae andof the hold it has on the affections and the loyalty of the people, who live contented, prosperoux, and happy undor its away. If aZl this be trE,Lwe ak where I the necesslty to suppress, by one stroke of the pen, tho mensu of liVing of hundreds, merely because of an article, more or less intelligible, in an evening paper I I it possible that the State engine can be so easily put out of order Mad it action disturbed by M. Peyrat, the writer of the article! A Government so firmly established cannot be seriously menaced by an effusion wlhich, had It not been thus arbitrarily visted, would have been forgotten the next day. Can it be, after all, that the Co0utitutonnel and the Pays, those pIla of the Satte not co speak of the extra uxviiry the Pfri, are mis takeunhentheytel Uurrcadaytoday%t thebnpo- ial ule is beyond thscb,of0eo ned. Such are the reflections of people who not only ar not enemies of the Government, but who ar hih In its employment. Few would, perhaps, make them if the authorities eoente&themelves with prceutinv the writer of the article, If the WAs anything objectionable in It. The prooeedjng misrMht not ba ^ wise one, bult it wold have ruind only one ind- vidual, and not hundreds, " nhez tings will not incree the populadt of thoe conerned iu them. The Prew e nad PCorea ation of any P pper, except the sk, The public are accustome to rd it at a fixed how in tb eving. This relaxation is abrmntlvinthri ref totatk the Pattie,Lileu VIt,andthey and more vaied journAL. the nire popular A simar act of rigour h utakenplcetToulou., where the gazete de Lanuedoc hbA been not merely u pended for two monts but d6flnItIv y sup premed I The Paiis in an artle head c E ali before the TAW," holds up to public admiraton tefirmne an imprtimty of the Em peror in ng repnianded a Senator and dimlued a Procueur Impetial and a onumard y et FOB"e foe the epec. tive pats tken by than ha e recent affotr at St Z-senne , full part ulara Oif have already apperd:- 1rO64W' °UW OiR kitf Ueam d qsga ¢ove20e' 0lk% *hft io it s won 14 sedex a re ebihly ltupen the holbw. Ta hfatleaOy Insepaable | I orn t UQ tateae rae5gent he his eputa &oDw th a I fore, Is In part that o t Stat itself. The fIeeonay, more thananyother pers o, eui.htmuamploeo£ rewpectto thela4w,>a4 wh6nA,*forgU thi. hlfxUltlx more seriou than It nwouK&heja ma ordiryTijndhivdua, becane he s bound b h bey the aWl in & more sofimn ad acrod mamer than ethermen arwe, We as happy to fda tat thes general idea, whichare fonded on pl4ciple of morality common to all coatlhttions d,governmets, are now more tha ever the rule of the French Administra. Baron de Chapuis Montlaville, Senator, has addreamed the following. letter to the editor of the ,Suiut Public of Lyons ":1 "1 Iyous Dec. 4, 1857. " Tho aicle of tho Jotl7aZ du Havre, which you have topied into your number OS thiadAy, gives an sutola an iacurae manner of an event, which ately. ocrred a S.Etienna. My r idea'a toreate thaffir ian-full, but the reervo Imperative i m family affairs fow mno to coadne myself to a rectilioation of the erors otAind In that recitaL It is not accurate to sky that the chld w taken with violence. He pasd without any eonteui from the azrm of his nurse to thow of is paternal £rAndfather, the Baron de ilhapuls Montlavill I did not haatiy quit St. Etienne; I remAned there seven or eight hours after the event, waling alone through ths steets of the town without having remaked the le&* symptom of hosUlity in theaces of th people, or agitation itthe streets. Two houraafterthEd childhadbeea.tlveaup to his,agrdfathbr,.:ivb the authority p hlrftherw' prevcmted by illnee from.*eMng.h&a .1d&ii.himself# Ma dame Josephine de Cdapu,lavilleiscozpaid by her mother ad herbrotherbt outto retun toherysbpigds house, where she wiris reive&w he l*eatethe ndnes!,and where sbehasremainedtothlsmoment, car1ngtoaUlsitrg that she neverwas more happsiy herlife.' Tlihtbisre. gular, though enetgetl act oF eir uthorlt, 'lisa pro; a red sul at wIych a1 welll d people - no doubt reioice. It hastetoresdpaceapdtf% lity.to an honourable family, and it ha caeodth triupbo two fundlincatal 0rinciple u'pon wich' olety hres, 'in, the authority of the hbusbad andthe power of the father. We wil add, that the baptism of the child to6k place on the 2& Inst, and that he wsm held over tho haptl font by thie Baron de Chapuls Moptlayllle, hisernsl gad her, and by Madame Bastide, bin marnal grandmother. I ad. dress myself to your Imprtiality, Sir, id canNe the imner. tion of this letter in your next number. I "L LE BARON DB CEAPUIS MONTLAVIL." I am informed cthat the -European Commisdoxien who have concluded their mision ln the Danubian Provinceo will quit the Principalities between the 20th and 25th of thbi month. The last official accounts received from Shanghai announce that the Chinese Government hac de; manded of the Rusian Government the immedate evacuation of the Chinese territory, of which that Power had taken posesson on the bankx of the river Amoor. The Three per Cents closed to-day at 66£. loc. for the end of the month, and the Fourand-aHIalf per Cents. at 91f. 40c.; Orleans Railway sharee, 1,292f. 5Qc.; Great Northern, 895f., Strasburg, 655f.; Pari to Lyons and tha Mediterraneanu 850A.;* Western of aem655f.; Bordeaux and Foatte, 5181. 'Ct.; Greai ifbentral of Fance, 617f. 20c.; Lyon 9 and G9ejeva, 6151.; B7an of Onidit Moblkier, 7121. 50c.; Ausra BlIway, 666f. 25c.; Roman Railways, 41'S! Croui' A u.-Aius, Be4ember 8.-ah 'Pres -Fourand-a-Hailf pr Cents. (not relmbrsae 'fo 10 ye0J 91£20c3us 0cz 1f.90f. 0e. 80c. 75o. 70c; Four per Cents., 80f.; Three pe Cents. 66f. 65f.95G 66fi; Bank of Frane, 3,150£ 3,125f.;dltto (;0. ?d%.3,?w . 3,1251.; CrWi1 Pondor, 5401- ditto, ObLigons ., Four per Cents., 426L. 2ie. 425. 426£. 25e. f. Mo.; ditto, Three pCenrts, 402f. So.; ditto, Tenths, Fourper-ents, 9'2:. 5; ditto, Tenths, Three per esht., ,O; om. Obligations of l,000f., Thr p Cents., 935f. 940f.; rdit Moblier, 695f. 705f. 70If. 5W. 71f. 715f. nf. 71Sf. 720f. 722f. S&0.; Discount Bnk, 670f.; Plodmont.eo Three pe Vents,, 53i.; AusilanFBive per Cent. 88.- Belglan Four. and-a-Htalf per Cents., 96h; I.omans, 88584*; nlsP Deferrd Converted Debt, 25; dItto, Treper uets., Bxterior, 40; ditto, Interior, 37. E;xchangeon ndon, a tsIght, paper, 2Sf. 40.;r money, 25.Se;tre meulin Sce, 4. 6; mousy, 241 700, RtTSSL4.. BERLIN, DBa. 7. The disturbing influence of the American panic has at length extended as far as Warw, as we learn from the latest advicee from that place. An it appears from the acconts3 they contain, ihbe effetthere partakes of what has characterized both this plaoE a therehave beplentiful there have been as yet hardly any suqealons ol payment by bankers or mercb.ta of imprtance nor have acknowledged goodinvestmnents suchas Go vermment funds, suffered a depreciation of more thax two or three per cent., as has been the ease hereo on the other hand, there hbs been an extreme de mand for specie probably for exportation, as haf been the case in t Peteraburg. For silvir in exchange for Rutiais or P"liah bank-notes, as ,much as 5 per cent. premium has been paid, for gold even 15 per cent., and, srangest of all, Prusslan money, 'whether in eash or in good bills on Berlin or Breslau, has commanded a premium of 18, 20, and on one day 22 per cent. This latter very singular apparition is probably connected with the PruEsian prohibition of all foreign notes circu lating in Prissa after the 1st of Jnuary, 1858, so that such persons as have to make purchases or payments Ln thin countrJ find themselves henceforth obliged to provide themselves with Prusan money; and as Warsaw derives very conaiderable supplies from this country, particularly in the excellence of the late harvest here has pevented much grain from being purchaed in Poland, it Would be natural enough that the money-changersin Warsaw bhould just now experience an unusual demand there for Prussian money. The Polish Jews, who in Warsaw more than anywhere else have ponador of the lower strata of the money world, had also taken advantage of this general demand for specie, and had absorbed into their own handa almost the whole of the silver small money necessary to the daily wants of the circulation, thus compelling the whole buying and selling commnnity to pay them from 4 to 5 per cent. premium for small change. The fall of the house of joel, In Dantsie, had pulled down several dealers in grain in Wlozlawek and eome few houses in Warsaw, at the head of which may be mentioned the bankers Herrmann Meyer, Konitz, and Co. Of several other houses it is said that they have been shaky, and tht others have sought and found aistance. There havebeen lots of bills protested, and there have been nume. rous inatances of time being allowed, &c. The Bank of Poland had also taken a step characterized in Warsaw letters as a very wiw and prtudent one, but the wisdom of which pames my finite comprehension; it had taken steps to buy up its own notes abroad, and this waal d to have had the effect of reducing the premium on gold anl silver. In the Polish capital also several of the first bankers had met together and proposed to borrow of the Bank 4,000,000 forius on their joint security, to be advanced to certain bankers of the second claws who required a little bolstering up, but thinZsropowal has been rendered futile by the oppoeltion of two gentle men at the head of a large commercial house there. From St. Petersburg we hear nothing as yet of failures caused by the Amerlcan, English, and German panics; the prles of goods generally bought by English houses have experienced some t depciation;atd as reg Imports, there Is no wIllingness to purchase at present, from the impreemion that wiith sot great,s den d formoney in London and Hambirg the prioes of overse wll necesarlly ore down ery aoon. One of the worst effects that this destruction of commercj. credit in different parts of theworldwr iexpected to produce in St. Petersburg wa, that itwouldfighten private persons away from. Investing. their capital in commrcial enterprises, and thus snnihilate the Emall commencement that Russia had already made in this direction during the pVA 12 months. The subscrtion that has been opened among the English reidling here, in Berlin, was yesterday closed, and the amount it has produced, 512 thalern, remnitted to England; Of thIn sum1 however no less than 350 thalers had be eontribud by ford and L ady Bloomfield. Thererae very few English now resident in Berlin, and tho re few are labouring for a livelihood rather than blessed with a stperflutty of this world's goods; wee they in the latter happY position they would no longer say here, where al that theywant is as deer m at bome and most of what tbey wtsh for x notlt be d. As the shubcription had been strictly onfined to the English, it must not caue to find no German names in the list; the va0ious neWspApes, however, in which the sscription was advertied, do dined Of their ownacco d to taWke anydpayment for their advertisements.
ZZWOTION HNTELLIGB1fOL- I T-riloviricitr , . , , RxtUm. .Oi MBr.J..BAGW. : - I rhe polling commenced at- 8 o'clock'yesterday moining, and the result of WSt de as never'for a noment doubtful, Mxr. R. J. Ba~sbaw tikj the lead:from thi first and maintaining Sfit to theo eloc d fthe poll. To-the n silks« nomintion on TuAdrioeidec th,o l gentleman , hsvee to en vared lPmd f among -theioa eeA the blorough, wno, eonaistinsforthe moat -part 'd a6aarigien, have a nahSlgpnputhyJd*.o Iwho manifets a InrEt I naUtcalpuzauit . Thim vllbl¢ stength of the eleQora ts onlP 301, and the fofloing was the hourly prope of th5 pla eod by Mr. Bagaht'a committee:- Hour 7~llaaa Arcede&;ne. 9 o'clock .. 12 10o'lok 13... 29 11o'1 k .ecloc 140 , , 48 12 o'clock... .. 146 49 1 'clock... . 13 2 o'clock ... 157 , 64 3 o'clcek. .... 160 ... . 67 4o'olockc.. . 161 .. .. 6 4 C°}Iiotl! 'for B*_M @ 6 The town waq xe durng r the iin g, and the Mayor, who presdded as returning officer, Was permitted tc do so with anl proper *ty and grVity. As the hourswo-e on, howrever, the number of nolsy fellows in the treet peep. tibly increased;'and whenth^. eod- Arrived foi clodsn tho poll the hu s were surronded. with a de4now I of'person, man y of lwho6m *re evidently bent on iinsohief. The- doomed timbers weSe defended by' ecadermblB fore. of polioemen, whn atooeedein pzsrvwinS -them for woae time, but saman soaled a wallin- the rai,. an, his emple buing quithly followed by other4. the work of destruction was commenced, and complete4 In inconceivably short apace of time. The Myor ana towzd.lerk were glad?te escape sa ibestthey coull, and tha official chair of the former wtJ bbildlcd about'very'utore. ]110%1 3 nt o ea i d _serious s,ndthe almost a mattet co *' . , ,~~~~~~~mil ASHTN-TZRLTY21E Mr. Serisant 5hee withdrewr fromk the contes 7eet* He nnnicad th8 fact to ltr. Milner ulso ecamit "Blr.-Wbeuny ijhhed l Aat Ashitou. badre-aou appoisbe st,le wie not lkely o agee othe selee. ticuof ihebr futmir re seutntive, andt th"r. iuv ibson wQloa tcpeet himasf asc- o:sliidae .c theween him; aMnr on mer*ely waj 3rbunds W0g1 be .lostuIet my o4ngnct of his iubU haadter. I shoul hive no pleaue in the redeolou, e a- hogelk dragg] that I hd Put bu x1ttng member, or S cbUt with bette cbm Mms mimn ae, fto mW 7 oum aud expAen. I bhae o to withaw addres, an with ma thank ZOE tho great coUrtery atendchlrecd la igh Irom our eommitie an&tha eopl otto, " I am, de lr, sour obdletant '1Abel Enakley, rq., Ohrmanf r. Gofm " It was expeted that with 3M . S s retirement r. Giboon would be left In uhdisputed pouselon of the fild but Mr. Booth Mson baa agln come forwad Without any solcitation from llr. Gibson's frtends, tde soliitor ts Mr. Booth Mason's election committee sent the fefo owlloin leiter to the charman of Mr. Gilbson's commbittO on Won. "le Mx B-ooh .igasc h s ee ooneat "MIfonday lrornilog.4 :3stikX Mir. Mason also placrded the towrn anoucidng hie with. daws!r. In half an hour altr the above not& cme to hand nMr. GMbeon's commtee aeso eeived the followringah "o 50ahe re arment no .Mimtor Gibeon's Committee "co r-I beg to aprie o ouh ob f ia ory t bat bM. hatlerMendhat adthe to1withdI .romth cont. InComUBmitee-e, it Oabngdeeived Inn aec nube of Vra.m' On Me r. Mason' re appearane as a candidatk afte hiel formal retirement no intimation s given to Mr. Gibeon's committtee ci his chat e of purpose, nor hs that gentlemne- putforward an public satemet but his friendshavo Ink consequience of being deceived hi numbe, of trsnn frienre. Mr. Msuon gale way ln favour oJ Mr. sIes. Wheme he hai done so M. astlo' frins Vimmdie gaeupas. Mr. Bsstih MsonF, thruh the solctetotbc otia number oJ dlectr has dte. mIne togo to the poll." It Is understood that Mr. aon has given the usual guaranee to his brother, the Maor, for t-he election expensee, ao that it nay be presumed that he really intends pgoigtothe poL. The nomforp 3s fixed for lrd an1 the seion for the followinXg day. The nuber of lzectors Ial,081 and Mlr. Gibson's frends allege that th;e pledge, givern 8 &ogte canvass reder his retuirn a matter of
THE INDIAN XTBSPORTBS. TO TEB EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Thsaiig troopships Nile,Areta, iarham, uJlyss, and Surey ar AU that have yet arrived of tho" whach left Engand wh trop in Jne ad July. The seamers Goldon Fleeoo, SYdny, and Aizstlian which loft England on the 14th and 15th of Augusi, ad the deamer Thobes, which aMued on the 31st of J,uly have arrived. The Golden Fleece brought a oompletereglment (Hek Majestfs 34th) in perfet oobafort, without a sick man, in 68 days. Would it not be a cwel o eep up 12 or 20sruh shpj In Her Majesty' navy exprsy as stem troop transports for tho rele or sloroomowIs which may be requied for &t oolonal, ndan, or war servi of Englad ? Theadvanlage -would be,-firstly. a whole reeme3bi =aVorkd complete in au park and ready to Mt togethe. The have been some porjions of Her aest' rements hne for six wweek, the other portion of which have not arrived Secondly, tho greater sPeed and geter oertaintyl ohd enable maore correct calculalons of perods of arrival iud of movementi dependent on them. Had the soldiers depatched 3n June, July, and August in ailling vesels been sent by mers, 10 re*ments mAigt have been hase and marche upon the It of October, Instead o one, o m ahed up then; and on this date such ton regiment, might have been at C(iwnpore. Ths, Inead of th ha and dasd. tory fighig inOndenowgoiBg onihxom.perlto te bede'.d prison, the whole of our forc eoold h a bees esxXpley'j' , ,o* of On fOaf a*>M bft b, employed In sdch xtruL~th as to craush an destoy the enemy by a oomplee and oTerwhelinng blow, VonaT 1UGSTION. I; wnLA -ONO. L.
.~OID~tA~D EASTERlY .BNI2aO( PAY &WOUWbt WExKiTIQ1N OF JE. BSTUHWS .... ~-XWB .QHi ;J,>IXv#lssDAY. .JU ezsi,M!aton of tis. b -ip was xmed to-day fore She Hallard, ibho .aq 2 o'loci i heoBakrt, eramine& br Br.* te f orath crWditors (In the asenoe of Mr. Yomig), deponwd.-I hAve bdfore 3e m copyof Colonel WAugIhspiiaoi tiotu wlthoendon end .eaternBmia I ethetetreodtote eridt of Colotil Waugh a sum'of 52,9624, baieg the amont of iha jromls &ry note disoounto the b&ako. t 16t h JAan , 1857, minus the sam of 1,34846s. 64d, ben thb dlioount of mIdbilL Thebillwaszd iitidi orda-to dose the abe tWn at hi debit, whc w a drwai to that amouat. IiiL tht aucount' S balance'of 1,562L 32s. ~wfaColo31e Waughst the CorniwaUbsa eo :tlheba. The date of thtt entry is the 18th of April. 1857. Reeide3 this baLanee at tha date- ,9olcnd XWAUwh- ii debted to tge bak in es -=I ,um -of. 2 cohn taend in his prombory note of "dat 16th Janu 157 I am Showh fouz aeptane. of Mr. C.H.M Criw o Coloiel .Waug6, 'andn 0oleaslag Colo k rs: ±t. Toro a-e for 4,000L ea^b dated November 4,1856, iand trpor 10,00a . each, dahe September 26, 1856. Thise bills were diacountedAy Colonel Waugh at the bskr and form akdI- t Zliabintie of Coloiel WaEghi to he bauk to the 92,1624 alteady: ed.i They for iaUbilities to 7hlcl idx3C.ZCareuSaarty1.-< .. . .,!- _gig now _hqwn fi" borrowed ntp rnted by 0ol4 ~W~jh 4oiIi6 ank, tio forithe sum of W0L, toior th xunm ft.000a4. Xaoneafor 68,D. dat peevel jTie 17th a 2 otll o 2 b id gndth.l -b e 4 ii3l of D eh bir, 185 V a-dhb26thot8enbe4 l856amoig in a1 to heOl..depone esTThesas oaWnbdin hs door mm wnenrre ;lhabillties of Colon0eL. Weuh to the bank.orer~ *nd above ithe Ilablliffes praiil ;mentloned.. -T5he Banrr4A.- ' belevel t refuse- to aner 7D qneations as to CdIcael-Wabo, but I'am,~ defrlvtg averu'infnrmatlcm n nin neww_. .-. The Shtriff.-Ifny quwUous are -pu wh!scOu think propqx to 4ecine answeiln YQo. I base you rgg a4, 0 pRsent toconiRult Wi you. The BA'Rkipt.I am wlung t 4e7 exploanl on 4- D' o cotku l- d the do sof. I . pdoo n eoUMe433ie Yi acsv count uot enionod, therie wa an, aoount.kepllq Colonel Wapgh 'wth the bank fotBedThnon etat fund InM c lBo 1857 the rum, due on tmh.aount to the bank 440492Z. Se . :PL Silia Lbilitty ase. from PlaCIn tot debltof thisaooomta, promluory mote by C0 ioweWA"h to the bank, datedHov. 17, IS56, for fteam oL5O, ., whih suIm had on tht date been plc to the dit f saidaccomuntinordertowrlHe.off a d nblil 4o rly that amount. Beddes all tese labilitIe, an afteptan of Mr. Francis Carew to Colonel Waugh for the = of 15,000W., daed J>cember 4, 185;, was dbcounted at dh bank on that date,andplaoedto the account of te Brai. uea Cly Company to write off a previous balnoe. Col&nel Waugh is the drawer and endbrser of that bill Depenent explais,-The 4th of Deoemberli the dats of the dieolutlon of the Bi&aks% Cla Comjnany. aInt6rrogate&-I)id you ever, eithe, as an individual or through ite Frankaa Clay Qo,papny, of wbich you were a ztner, reeiLve any of the money drawn Ifom tim hnklby accouncl gWan ul placed to the de'bit of bls priata Jiepones.-I did not. I Being shown the ledpr of the bank, md referred! to various entries in the private awcount of ColoUnl Wxugh of sums 4ehited to him az paid to the Brunksca Clay Compahy,. and Including a sum of 3064 eitered as paid to J. B. Stephone, and Introgated.-Have you any explantlou -to bive 'y Which you an eooncle. these entrietswth Y Jut anwer ? ;Depones.-I never individually receiTed sums as for ihe B manksea Clay Company, though thee NUM wrer no dojbt rnsfae o their ciedit as cony. fDeponent was thei referred to thei entries individdully, and in regard to the first eWy for 100., the second for 250., the fourh forz 00., the fifth for.l ,00, the sixth for 6934 12s. Id., and the seventh for Z5W,-sAl entfies ranging from I 0h May to 29thE Dooembl* 1855, I Depneg,-These sms xwere placed to the credit of- tb In reference to tElroent is h wado to r lathebit .Depones.-Thst sinm's the price of shares in the bank Eo1d to Cololiel Wasehhvme I rupe urtner dOpoS-WtJl r(erenoe soth0a late neptiv anewr prodeding he: anwers I hvo given in detail mn roterenee to add. unitri. Ihzve now toeDlain tbat I m4sunderstood the general qu,eston ien put to me,' t in]ng it. meit to refei tomyDo reilvng the amount for mjexcluAive personal bmuefik, and wlthouf aljie. - ' -Lntorrzogted.-WauAot thi debt A du bv u .ana yMir partner in the Brkse (xy Cimpay teoh bankdhtnlr&ihed by eah of th am.soqpIaoetotho acoountby transfers from the erPDonM l amount of (;lonel Waugh? Depones.-YeC Ito : InterrogktEi-A ow Clid the puterib} wth Colonel Waugh.andyomorfig[natt . ,1 Deponea-Coloni ' Waugh offered me * pubnshp, In the Company. He thought mJ joining him In the p&* nerahip woul be of much sece . thereoany - - eorsuOf pdeie.btn .itiapmibi that suh n. h3v - ~v~g aLQW.U a MukL4ta"a tW 9M oE.3una% 1855, -' meucg-" v dsr ste& w an d a5gid "1W Waug12.'" and I1i aQeiolton = io'o foUwulg PA 'ge' *"1 For, joinidg *ith?o% I U,76 i. T*am by uliaig,capit4 Maiy bAokta2entfre y.libeuat.inystf aydoufor finaing u such oanitalsa yoz ahar. of tbe xmlnapzoLpexty, whifeVez lb mayb! se) anbeing-sAred. whether thfi 3tameui Of the Unducemaent for C~olonel Ws mi3a]i~ Idhbpi arteiru45 0r was not conrct aidw-hNM 6irthr* Wm ly sonrc from excetingwh f wa iZh b ne = a from thelmnage, 9, 'Ihaarrag~4wit1iUolondl Depf 6iK dY ool, place before the comjpletion of the mortgag paers from theslowness of the comapletion of the aecvrity to, tbo orlginel mortgaee, and Colonxel Waugli having become indebted, to a large amount to the Loondon and Easternf Bamk that inteit -on was not carried ot. The bankrupt then gaveafulle t explangtion,, the followngbeing entered aO hitg answer:-I did not do s0, because beoethe contract of copafneI 'Wall cornltd h ,'aa"dvucedfuug tOCon.Nligh,andI did not desire thold anxaortgap preferable to that of the bank over him nd ~ ye~~Iblvl,%been arrgane between dm and ra that if dvimoOd W. it was to beoonly nnga.d..Dld ou refe-leting hmbavo 5,0001. ?nwn~~ etting hinhve thw Depones.-The advane thiven by the bank were gjee ion security other than that of inseBrink assitat. The neourity to which I allude Is a bond for 30,0., given by Mlr. Fxan b Carew to Colonel Waugh and depmoted witi ohe bank. I do niot find thet bna sentloned In' the securiting bokok buxt the error X nuat be om of the transfer clerk. I knowlitIs in posaealon of the= esides the bond above-mentioned, there wag the additlonal mecurity~ of two policies of lnsuranoe for%200W. each. Colonel Waugb, 'deposited these securities on opening hismoaccutwith the bank, but the date of that depost doe not appear in the eurities bodok. Vihout seexigthe bondlcanno t yin whose favour It was grantted. It would nLo doubt be assigned to the bank. Interrogated.-With reference to the two bill discunted to Colone Waug!hInD6cenibei4 I856 at that ct a o the Lonidonand Ese- i?isi,iAwM¶ dt a o yeponer-,om; Io tledg was no Iolvent. bankrupt-on the loth of May, 1855, from ooiiWuh Piaecou,did you reYie th nie in cash? DeP]2e--1didnot. The amount Wau tranferred to my credit In the bank in exchange for share in the banic trans. ferred.by metoCooioneWugh. Being pressed for asw e "yes,"05 et o,x to ith fore. going Interrogatory, Depones.-No; I didnot recve eah. Referin toyou anwer yeteray hfto -the comrpanies in wichyouhav bee a arter rom1855 dowftwards, you re skedwheher ou re~ ot lsoa partner or lzite. rested ac petbusines priore Marc , 155iu prner. sbikwih Cptan Hnr Pede;oneof hedirectorsof the Depones.-I was not. Were you not connected withm in Sy undertakIng t Depones.-I do not remember bngso. Taterrogted.-C-n yotiwe thagyou were not ? Depones-There was a pro edOMP&AY ctalld the Patent CarpetCompany, bnt I n."t o It, to the best of mny reco,ection. laterrogted.-Being abewu the xGSgha of securities, and your a ttention clld to peg 9k in which your name occur -t r. e nde r a d twoot s illIn c onnexion woaIithdu th depst of paen anoSdosoh.i new oprno for carpetn as hotug p JIn°tobecurity fcctan advance of *Depones.-The PAWen Carpet Company Was formed, butL I did mot join IL Interrcgated.-W.re YOU not in any WAY con'necte with that c0onern? I)epnes-WeIntnde togetup hiscompany, of which' I ws t beom a arter,be I l&iotdo go. it was pro- Interogaed.Had ou o oter onne3ion with it thaasoe wo waprpogdtoe prtnr~but who did Deorwf-I lad ]ot. R Imnterc.hd-How did you diepw el yiour lutered in it? Dtd YouaeUl 2-I do * no mb my iteret* heit? At htla se i1i 6xainam WUs fuibar Ldjiwamed tU1I next day (WedInesday). .
LA21?RPORi'. - W3URT OF OHAXCEILL IkcoL's.It. Do.'9,. .WROOKE V. GAIBROD. (Before th LORD.CEWo,XLOR.) . - Thig was an appealbrd ' `decreie'of T hanfeeorl. Wood. & eury e aroi a bis. brote, Xalows Gaod, bengaelsedof ceral raestate as tenat. neommonla I fee, subject t an orte debt .whlct thei hbaboth' con tacted n 18468 Henrwyz -his wll is1858, ra tutkee t offer all bis ate to his brother Ihlowi a- he prorsa of 5 ,ito be pa to thetrze, z ad Vo be by them applied p tEemln meatioze; and nice. such Shudant of the isa .! 2,600l- by t id cMai. los an store!ait, then. he, dir ct« lds trustees to con't . '-St'-ems to Mll^owa-; but ee*te,& MX-all W ,Jbde net wif5Ud4th i**eId*nt Itet;uis (]1;t- lJ) . 3deea e iyto haid aeenblsimentlU-t cep h -8 should not at thie &xiatb 6!ta' c JdiCriiontbi fr^ z*eMm6.iuffolngils Ite41ioktui i*yteaa£si of 2,500M to tbe sadd tr*e e- zforsaWd tieuthe tuto 'dlr~ced1iIa *ristees to sell the ptetniby tefiub or privat : itLffon, in bitwiUineuoiie4io .T-ekbaordiedeh - llth-f October, 1856, an& an tha 29ih oft'hesanet MIallows gave neticiUstrfio!MeIhtenti69tobeoone tbe uxE^azi f tb proe to 2,001.. but dad not'l' 'heo 1 2,no the towa otr.beford the 29thdon .-tfatis, within two inonthe fom the timeof d lpDfyIg hi Itets mon. The queslon In1h 5e icit 9 tutedby th tust *M whether Mailowsw.v stiill at llberj-o atvail hi;msef ef -fitbe option given bim by thei. Te itenton on beha of liiUoWn wsrctha ttb delay izi iaymnzt of tBe 2 5001. hza Tahei fRDm tbeIsches of pe trh*eee ianot compietg the ,conve anoe, whhich w aondit ion. Ab edentto is paBn .the money. The Vlchanciellor ad that the RIght of pres otixongpvenfbjd in the wHihe M doas . ihis ffitoison Mi tov :. , hr. O5BOmSXWM1IeS1U&fO? Pe appellant, and lMr. DaxTr. -for thepersons benefidllnteresed Invthe failure of the Br. OSBOuz having zpd j .ThelosDC6so}of . ajtemgte term iofd a teDxalic E iTEsotE the *ill end the orse, sidthie,t thei .q s Do to bae determined - swr bthed rWalor Garrod wag dwitinthe pirt of x broter Noasiqi telear athe was not *ir.th'th w_wds of it. It had been. or a thatt, althought he did ne paty the 2,00. ithin he. taeI monthespeciied in Lite will, he adone something equlglcnttd to'rnentby applying to-the tt Mforanabsbtao o4f tbutitle, mda tberefore the- delt.y In tha compleYo ef tEhe purchase ought to exonerat.lim frop thas oonequ -queritly expressed ant opinon? that this- Court bkd' in many intaWnces gonte tb a, oevoum extent in taking nipon itacif the powrer of.alteringthete so£ aeontrct,. hu t ad0heu en produced irherethe Cour bad gne so "to7Qtethapri1lby.nter.asS sow-t di6on uphn whichl bin- oper wato be taken. No doubt there were casca in which the Court adgranted ,relief whero-tbepcraon-to tkhxoil'e uftivntei cosplyn with the eondtldonbly the t onduc.t df the other jpart; lntt auth was not the fct in tbepraeeent cas, ias it wasm not tfie fault of the trustes that the conveyace hed laot bEcen iobtained wilthint fhe- two months.' Being of° opinion tha it wsiz- absolute condition in the wll that llows Garod should iy the' 2,500 within tiro months from thfe t;ime lie s!gsifed bit inteiatl6n e} taling to the propertyE hisn rit ha d been lost by 2- on. plying wfith the condition, authls Court would be stepping beyondi iti province in exten ding the time fur pament. The appeail mnst therefore be disesed with coas - - A .PZIilY. flEIK V.. AITOOD. This appeal wan postponed in consequence of the abeen=e oflb . eU troghilintes. '
ROT,T,' OOTMR PT.PQ T)"L 0. THE ATTOR1TOB-GE /A V.: TXE DZ4A AND OAONS OP WNDSOR.' (Before the iAEz&=of a7 ROLLS.) .Mr. RFimp (with whom wai M1r. Hobhoue)l re sumed thea*gumente inthl* cage .Ii f"vovof th 4Wfoaaants, the Dean.aia Canons of Windsor, contending that tho~ m£ ader the *ill o' Heurj vIII, us sbequleut1 onmed and caried out by letters patent in the rei#n otr lEdward Vl, asagift iq eompenhMon for lds previousl irested from the den man .e~aons by the ~fit of thoeo mosarobs, and Tas to be a to 'and enjoyd, by the de andesron, subjet to ilW tr4tucarged upon 5b in. faonrorof thePoorKiliiatot W,indaorand for olheapcfi4 ErDflGMrOiio11&Mi. PLUMING appeard fror threEdole. islasea Comml.lloner, wad zen~rU. supported the olai aiivanoec i1)7 thie Dean and Canons ot Windsor as agalnet tha put fortih by the PoorKnghb~. Th9 case was sti procding hen theCourt roe .
VIEMMEANcRLoMR a (T! a-n waX 1woRTHER couNTI1q tsox--AnWA'Y COXPAINY Y. TIIZE .o (sefor ir Sir T 2. XitD W This3 bill was filec for the s op forf w agroeements, revious1yto whichf t1e defend,aM OrIgIrlaly repesetedy-te U b and Th1rtc Rati Ct entn cd8'ton. and SuLtton, in the N'orth IBidn of Yorkshire. The agreements were W follows. Leayertbeiormnoftheawaesreeof the lad to the LeedsNoetjer COmnPs,nY. whether bY foulshtoy or otherwis,. to be sego" rneo difference by Mr. Robett Hajil, stzbJe tt th cl led a n cah,se ht reprohto f amoity Or JOint Ownership of the line and worS i existence at the time of Is ~ae heLes la, epeye to eNliabe lotmt an eleao efaulsbytheir taklgrMn The Nortbccn esmie Uno Oopey rou6e an aeowo Cciost of WAn amoeztlplr to £A45 4.. A4teedata s tic tf ~~n to sire £4.0S0 0to rerthe works swl Ns f t9!`ceXrther1t Oountieg Unio, Comresraomthetwbtcyc Items ars cotere4 by the £ kM.4 almui1=bw 'hat whefraye. them,. and the Leeds Nosthern Ocospay Oxcerle dhetref d; bny details Upon which differtne ,may aseto heistld yM. oe HaIL. The contracts between th torther snettledUinad lapown my b recidet ad coDneanes taken direc to the Leeds Northern Oompjany, and theeythe An%s above written cleaue mCay beooMe AbeolUir, The aho"re nnUwes of agreement come to to-day between us on behal of the ahore comptoles 3T. (1. IL Ieedg 224&uAuet, ISIL The! seoond Agreoment was in thwee words " 18i1h of December, I854 At teds. MIr itcn.a~ra r 3309ne% engineer, MKr. Eddison. solicitor. 2q*.kx Mwr. "1-r, no 3it N.C. I. Pee-led that purchas moneps wee £6,000 The Noeth Easfterto py ettleweil's acoont fron time of taking ouceslon and £135 at; her death. 2. The NorthWen OoMItle to AllO £5 fOr compoletion of accmmodMiton works to Gego,g AZloader 3. The Northern Oountles to oWear Al lntrdu strtaklng VNoe2esloco (fixed St let of I CC nlpo h NthEtenIn the saime posidtion eaIo any mneysaVdto..1he,, Ino eot inethat date. 4. The conTeyance tko Oso ed byMlr. Sobertaji 5. Three yeats Intewet on £8,00 at £5 3me dent., dWe blot ay. 154,and ame Interest tO pamen o§Cd Bmloie. LDebqan. jurs a £0percen.,Or cesh at optino the North.zaatcra, to he Paldoncmpielonoconveyancen Signed, Jr. Kr .L:n." Theionitras to these agreements . rthoeeof3fr .ons j~ Mr. Kitson, andaMr. Bourne. The defendants took pomes slon, and this biU was Mod after a lengthened correspondence, and a motion WAs now made for payment of the 6,00M~.Into court upont the following sdadmeon in the defendants answer, repilcatlont having been filed Hr. BAmLY ndMr. G. L Russ= opposed it on the pound that,irrespeotiTe of the agreementsn question, th b adapameutrypwer to'eter,to hold te land and.1 complete the railway, which they hdW done in default of the plaintiffs' having done so, and t4t this cmae did not loms withiu the rules, therefore, of those cam where Payment Into eoui±t was ordered. The defendants were willing to complete, expunging the clause forrepurcha. r.GLAss]: wAxsheard In reply. The YVICEb C awonR thought tht whore It wag a imple case of vendor and purchaser, a purchaser taking posseion could not retain suchpoession without brbin the money into court, although he might not be liable to pay- it over at onoe to the vendor. This case was of a mixed character. The defendAnts had taken possesson previous to both agreements, and therefore were in poes slon tmder the Act of Parliament, whereby it was provided. somewhAt pocullarly, that if tbat prtion of the plaintifes line In }uestioui wt not completed within one year It sholdU n &A o o hedefendants. It' wsot coplted, and the de endants had oompletd and wereze worXk mt, and therefore under the Act it belonge tothm su c of oure t pain fo th lad, c~This they fairly adsnite, ut llqustonsnpn heagrement were ques- waustnot> applale to tisit *ae °ad thie mnotion mustbe refue, hut the question of costs would be reserved. &Befoc ViccChanaor Sir W. P. WOOD.) The VI?Oni"CErLoR was oecupied during ths day lo heingmotio none of whichiporole danyquetins - ing for a reNort
COURT OF QUEENEW BJThT GULTDHIL Dza. 9. 0,14wWs at lY.i Prw, k,4orz Zord C&xrBnrL mn Commo1n Ji&) Thi was the first day of the aitinp at Gulhall afber tern. The list contained an entry of 124 caes, of wrhh 29 were remanets; 22 wes marked for spoowl jut. FIrLDING V. DVCKITr. Mr. Locke and Mr. Rsymond wre eounnA for the pl" f - Mr Skinaer and h. E James appeared for We dsThis action ws brought to reoorer the value of a horse alleged to have been klUld through theo neg1 eno of defen. flant's servants. The plaintiff is a coe merbant i TooleysAreet. On the 7thof Jnl!ast he sent a vann ehargeiof rtwo me to de. llver four tons of coa to a Mr. Tniler, in Ilfe Geor atreet, Bermondsey. The men tailed thea to?ards pavement and underlooked the off fore-whet, so a to tkr the horm round and leae U fedt ear In the road They were inside dellrering the eoal when they eax & 3no1ie and on co n out fonnL th. ra overturnd and the haft horse kiel *odMesi ad, it ws i a ilae4 bee ant, w ho isa oowkeeperGreat Geegeet . The vuTe of te horsewa stated to he 46.. amedauageha been dono to the van. se saw tho van eem np an onuae uoa,The duD3gi"Ar. om i tiW& Wm Thwfte,.Vt*ioLlitdoor totl* gum i_b .oa.ma an v awi"oet CeaiznIIa i,de1eo.- The drive of theung.Ar w#A aS oToWi We from 4b**oAi-vAan. - . The delenoo e thRttbe i6deri w e6rdy 1ia b;leto the,mprop.rjis Is Wwob ha frond &aswhe " ra } e hui Aheor4 b o fdto . he v er Edward tarb.tt t du autta hls wheel w a . fr e* whbe aepme it; hewasos Y deet h x H it fall over. - Mr.-flaing, who rSIdee z~ door to Tuok.r, tdh was sIapd1 -t*he p~yteftt He told fho ofvi~ the va htiIti n6 al ol op a. tHe d ia , the e.t .d dte -AMea Begen, A amn who. v a fewdoors sated r he sw the dagt R id. i o t E 4erVAItoibr -*IEShu8dmfa -&uwewo. how j=foWdA &.Y.rdl4fjo iPWf-O-D&aMag 45t
: ' cOtJR OF COUXON PLMAIL n a -. Apg ,a;n xm% attf. <- 4 bcfoi Jtr. -rfig hiO W2eX onne? Cilmmof Tur.i&) Who 'sazhspreedd on th ordw. Mr 4 nt Tloma ab Mr. Griffih. appeard1cf tZu ahU=W awid Mr. P.xo. (With. whom. Weemr.Hb U f6 the 40frAdeut.' *erWn aa t'tory imei te ;hd s diftd s. an .kr r."nt A,lm-4 Wforuv *,fr gmls wr tbt that c as to tthe awn Qf 3=Al of tlerdieft was haitber X o*c HIOWLANID V. THUM%- Mrr. Knowles, qc,M.Tmi,QV adK.Ptc tere wnael for eoe -ar. and Mr. -woh a Mr. xiionf for the hdefenaand - ws wAt irsOalled an A ne for aIaadee to r ... 'wa broight to recover damages for the jury alleoe to kavi bee n a db th- lahilff b manot jeoaAd 'Of the defendspt,.whio C?ritten aqTr tobeooo2 hbo dealt with the tiff toif9rmthm tht pie mup. tdied'I thIab use}* construted In suchr,iand :185L 'Witneese wfee aldo either mids, and the =measn of uturation!'was- f bu? oUhin tr"sired durin th tia likely:toS=nterest the geaida reader, and evenualy the ph ntiff viA inonKaUle.
COURT OF EXORHoTtipm fnr. n . OFBXN A.D OTRS. . AISTON .ATb i-.. C"t1r;8 aU NUYii '?Pri1, at GUi%aZ bcforc H:r. 1hron BRAXWXuL Ma&Z.lur,, 1 DIX M5. A-.1geT, AU. MMOUL, aan JMr. HoLyZnin "Mr eoiuasefor tbe PdaIniift; Mr. 1Ash, Kr. G. Deinria and kr. pand a wpeed for tbsWadants. The pWt a -ae the thre depuy' night oyste meter the c aison of Lfondon, 3.an hils an in ofth elum I90°sorf orr izt wlach they a ght to eeove2.f '12sM, the amnount -which t'hey clalanito be entitled. toroover frworks anaboq in unaoadigvrou age of.er at Biullngsptsu and Hungerford nikets in 85l, an 185t, a herte o hs per oa, the defendants bingthe reprshhai of Mr. AIaton, a ln iip*rtof slell fishIto the port of LodOn. - It appeats that v thieir shartem the corporation eiron. don enjoy the excualve, piviloeg. of metig,hnd; n anoadinga l shAell fish -broughf sto the liSts oftipr 'Of londOn, Sard'f6fti ftm*i ecdtyava I three oyster meters, who a ve-in their tuzn appointed 18 deputy daimeters.and three deputy night aet;e e who ptirhim rtff6t Oile- of lm 3fr.(iom proved tha -e hir kd, gi 1,70UG for his g ment, ana paid a Ue for admison, that dP ri day meters being 40' rhile that of the night meters is only lOf. T labouTheo6utofeh , sad1nt ,and delieng the oyters to the purchae is and as y bee: ncr formed by holdmen, who were until reently, in their fr maian, appoint by deputy day and night meters, sa are ad by gratutsle from thep tblic, leeite duty the eputy meter-beingsated to be " the eing of justAee" be. tween the xalesmiai sad the perchaser in tie mittr of metage. From time wheWeof the memory of mm runneth -not to tle. eontrary the defendnts day inete;s have camed and enloyed the exclmuLve right of doig the work to PerforMed lby the holdnMen both day and niht,-and as conssqunof beingpildforitsAtWhnte of 8 per double soore ofbuaels ip to the t 100, and 4s. for ee sceeding double cor "I'one" in saellfr h omiputatlon meaning "two," and so on. The bous of *attendanos, howeveri of thee gentlemen at slini atpe were, by their own:* rlfng limitd to 10 hours, between 8 aind, 6 p.m.; ad'as the bo%ts cam up oftei in the dght, and it wAs dedrable that they should be unloaded eawly the deptir night meters took th duty ot f "een justicedo :rom 8 P.M. to- 8 a.-=, durIng whbh aterval their hdganden did the wrork,. and .fvr that work as Wel as for that done during the day the day meters took all the pay i this saute of thling, as the da metoefrsamb id t MeWr we ditincad se arte bodese, or were so ed to-, be, at lest by the for,e, the Iatter,~ somewhat naturally, soughit to ludegthImsetvee, f6r "seeing juotdby do. in the dark by, m gaingaehargcxu their Own aoout,m tht chrg wa ford bdrthe esnet generation to be 4s. per boat and ha been submitted to without cavil by" thirslmen,n exct that Mr. Ahtn In lSthras9d&n ub3ect1ic agIMsAi whichhe afrwards*withdrew. How the chagearoseR it s difficult to say, and sas the recods i th copoiation up, to 1666 u-ar burnt lthe Great Fire of Lond?on And those from, that period down to 1838 wrealso Consumred in the conflagration of the EoyalExchange, nio documentar light could be thrown au the subject ; but there wAs no doubt of the fact that tho pa,y raenuthad always beenniade, and without opposition. Not so MD.1howeve, that demanded by the day meters, for In 1783, &andagAluinnl83s, sts and actions arose, bth of 'whch resulte In the establiAhmient of the exclusive right of the daneter to Pe4orm the work above mnentioned by the b:oTasme the appointmen of alu of hmhdeetal malen Gnt theliands and to recevfe twh'e rmathe of swotreagoe above stated. This was the tAte of things down to 1852% when the late Mr. .&letn resolutely nct his lame againt the clatiji of the night meters, and this acton was ultimately hou ght to e iifreorth at~ cd?l ;tabeug con tendead for thea plaini tiff that as they were, a dsic body from the daymeters, recedvn no part of the co6reage, the probability was that ther lai t' tspayment reste on some documentary tite nw lst,andha origited in the desire of the sales. men o hve heircaroeslanded, and 3ueted out to tbepurcbsarsaotbrandifernhoumethathosatwhicht'hefty made to thebe enipeawa sel~, hoby isact ad lttrs ecgniedthe existence of M.LUSH, for the defendants did not cU Wt neeesm, but reste his case on the evidenceefte=4 Contending that as they sued for work and labour they Could not recover, because theha not~rendered that service. It was clear tint the climof the night meters was snusurPatlon. AJto that ofthe day metes,that hdbee tatblihedby.sutik sai actionl, which determhw&+ hat they alone could do and be paid for the very work- for which theplintff sogh t mae he efndntspa soetin In dionto hehge he dcidd o e an radresn -., .,~ ..f -" bze aooDUr ox "~fItd, must be done by omebody, it mnIht*weI be that the h"o dwmen should do It and that the deputy meters should be paid for ILt. Th chrefor that l~radtha Alo, thW salesmian was oudto PAY to the Jeputy inetre ad whether they at. tede day or night or whether the-day meters tok It vIt wit I the night nomet were qnuston into Which he WOUld not enter. LAt thos Qetona bedecLddbY the two bodlx. but what the daefewl o.9b ]eceAd town to p or tixat the law requied atthbefr hands and he (Kr. Lush) was mmr the jurywou1dhoitato before they gave a verdict which would 'virtually make hI client pay twice over for work which had onfessedlynot been done by the plaitifS. Mr.- Baron BRAawrI left It to the JurY to may whether the night metersn rea ind tent body from theoday metes an, if so hterte a done any, wrk by themselVes or thei e'at o hc th6yk-ee entitled to be paid by the adn6 Itt~wr aPart of Zse body alluded to, the daymeer, 21, formed one body of deputy ce, h pani ould mot reoovew, & they did not ~mt e"autm~fee but sbnlyfo workand lab urothur,wozth forul no more recoT tan IfueOM o on that a otuwa elur that the day meotesshdbe paid for thi Ver work in reipeet of which athedltfsbogthi el and eould mazke out a lamobePaid Ue.moro th=an woreage wokto.I pearedltoh 'aimte be utterly unreasonable oonductorbodiyn"k lto., down arbitrarily eertain horsfo theI eie of the duties of their office, and to sa hywould notVattend- before 8 or after 6 in the day. fortheypblcthteeujy5 autPrirl1e9 of doing crtan 'work for he pblictheyough so t dishag their dukty as to suit ther anabIedemab of the trd and the pnubli. A. Jurer.-Msy We take into ecatdeatlon the fast that Mr.Barn D ZRk*r4:;9-.-. o ust deamd. the ease lb. laitifs a oterspai the. argesus In the belief Amotber juror Inrd whether It was mot provyd thA the 5Vt Xff reI"l neVofp e the scoregge? 3Mr. BRAXWJU.- o1th&uIbeen soproved but thfi ard!fferitthIngfromatheirnot having& right to *hr.f1 T, w r qu _Ao with wM* Sfe dtend. 'W Ouua1 had ¶tiy i d thoe 8eflta bad con. cO?. They had pa one body for the oery work in reset et fh s lalrl ouhiborec sormetb1ng raore andUw g mow t@Ehe XpWniUfflka&.ta Tho jur retrdfor halfO and thou aallaa i tdforW*~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n hnrtre
COUI! OF B.AHKBrPZTY, Ba9gkAllstre, Dcc. 9. IN RE SYMM WALKER. AND SYERR- (Before Mr. Commi&ioner Goumr.) Lne bankrupts were merchants of London and LiverpooL His HOiNOUsi gave judgment on the question of certifcato. The case, he said, was one of some importance, especially at that particular moment when pcrsous were found xo Srade so far beyond their capital.. Tho accoints ettended over a period of two years and three months. They purported to commence with a small capital, but practicallUy shere was no capital at alL It existed only in Bgeres in the form oE a halance. The vice of'traditg far beyond one's means and keeping one's-self going by means of bills and pled ggoods, "hysothccatng,"asit was now termed, wea 1lear uVdem6nstrateain this case. 16,000M. had been paid f)r interest and discounts, and the banLkrupts now came to thie court with Is. 2d. in the pound. This course of trading and excessive speculatinghad been most glaring. One wit. sic. (Mr. Rosel applied to it the term " desperate," It was % course or custom attended with the most pernicious and mnelancholy reeults, and must not go unpunished. His Ronour bete proceeded to review ths circumstances of tho case at great length. A. descriptive summary will best Scffide to pittthe zcaders of 9e Titnes in possession of any fact or cirunumstance of wbicl they have not beets already sAufficlently Informed. The unsecured debts- w6re nqw 165.6N61; the aecured aebts, 199,0001; the ltabllities, d8,19.; .andthere r nw iM 2d in the pound for creditors. Tho two Evers had abstracted 750?. from the estate to pas as ws alleged, tanie law exgoasis. Having labilties To Ate amount o£ lb quarber o. a m£11ion sterling, the onlv cle propertylmmediately a-valable at tbeii stoppage, )syondtl,S0tl.In cbsh, as given up, was w he bankrupts' .office feiulturq, of the value of 601. It was due to tho bankjropts tosay:bst their gross proiftehad been 67,0001., and that tbey werz voiuched. These profitwereadeouitedforin various ways. Thero was a weeping item of 34,7441., in tho foen of general expenses; next there lwas the personal expenditare: -Mfr. E. ayers, 4,0t00. odd I D. B. Syers, 1,9Ot. ; and ~Walker,. 2,800O. There were also 106ses, 52,400G. under one .hea, And 18,000t. under another, besides others. One of the Ayers Eai he hbad no Idea of stoppiog when he drew ut 20?. (s aum lrrespective of the 7x 1). lb wa very strange that the whole of the bhukrepts' losses should have depended on the .post -of a single day. The lease, of the banlerups included.4,5oor. ss-ea by bad debts, but he SUD. posed this was nothing In the calcuahtion of nercbants. lt was creditable to the bankrupts that their cashbk hid Jseon correctly Ieeptj and. the conduct of Walker in this and other respects was deservmig of favourable remark. T snkrupt. too, had sihee their bankrnptcy done their best lin nro.mo.ng the reai2ration of their estate, But for ~sibi" th* dividend would probably have been 2d'k8tcad ef is. 2d. min *.e pound. To refer tohe per. sonal ependiture, the :Apparate balance-sheet of 3r. R SRezzshowed. a deficiency of 300., and yet he bad lIrec a }le.ratibf Up* rds'of 2,?001 a-year during the period in ybleh, to ue the i3d ri o£ . Linklater-he had been engage4 in these wanton, speculations but to which he (the t,oulmisn one)'mb jwefer. 'to. appyiy the-term of Mr., >se-tbat of desperate speauiations. rt *as - remark M*t apergn mBgle,ror4 be live with asu man bui a gombEler. Wh d- th; gmble , liveat A higher rate thn $b*:pcepl,t H thu~ botwRd appe4noes, obtained the confidence of others. In the caue of bankeors who oam5 to'that, court-the -expenditure Vm enerall"eerey-J. hve beenlarge. He applied theseremarks particularlvto theexpendfiture of Mit it yers, hut hawouild not liiestabe to saY thaLt that Of the Other flyers (about 1.,2001, a-year) w mIOTVIcb, Walker, I lace of aatrxcig&-cash from his estate, hadigivensup 1Q04 This was acircumnstance in his. favour. It-wasalso creditable tobipithatbe.was notthe pr Eon who originite t'he large contracts of-the'balikrn to.. He advised hbs. partners tokolid theirhbaid, and it woul'd have been well if they bad -followid that advicei The trading. toth eztqtt Qf L,OQO,OOQf. in tTo years, without any capital, had been wholly un5uffifiable. 'Miv. Rose, broker, a 'witness for the banikrupt;~ had informaed the Court how~ this coufld b~ dofie.' In'tlfe Eias INdiatrade extraordbiary facilities "weremivellby the Oriental andbther b.nks'. Dam; metdiately~ 'the goods 'wito shipped it 'was the invariable' p5rtctie to go to the' bank and deposit the bils of lading., Advances'were thenc btained. within 15 or 20 per cent.' ofV thevslae'of thegood~s, ad aman icould<tbosgo in foruil- losThwas "bypothecatinge the bWsi f lading as it -wa tthid. But whtwathe 'effect, to credlitors b truseod the parties, who thus "hypothecated T'~ They got a sbilliag in the p~ound. Whien the' juebtloii 'wasyut to Mr. Rios whether be considered a main 'Was 'ustified iti thus xaisinA iao1iin he si4t "I'Certainly %l and that 50,10041 'wonl -have beifi a faitcaspi-al for partiei 'who entered upon transactions to. the amtount these banik.' rupts ha enLtered ppo. Mfi. Rote spcok like a, sensble mtd,honest mass .i±edid all- he colsd'forthbebankruispg, but' ha would do 'nothing mnbi6.- lt hkd often 'piinzzl him (thte Co6mmwissione4howti man without capital eouMd get Into credit ancl have transaotio4s to such a large amiounit. He now'kimew it. It 'wt~b~y l'hypothecatinig"~,-by-vledg ing the goods as soon as obtained and getin bi2 dJJs-' counted. Here the amount placed for discounts'Wia 18,0Obz in two years. And' what ha'd th'e b*nkrupts to fal hakk upon? Furniture,, value hI0l. He had observed in the~ papers of ibat morning that Mri. Headlafn had 'esterday, brought a motionbefore Parhitment with a view to dheOkinid the geat facUitltes given Lby banks to tBis'kind of trading. ;eRd.' URGuor,.-That 'was done with' a view to gettina limited liability for banks. His HONObUR .continuid..-Yes - but it wass> also with. a, view to pravent banks giving thesle mischievous facilities. The system sprePAd Tinz and dEsolation fazr anid wide. I had ben rightly called "1desperate." It was a syatem of "heads I wli,, tails you IoW~-za SYSteM of ~playing couLnters against 'gold tbat.- could' not be too stronigly deprecated. These bspkrupts had iuflicted iiin,and -misery upn -larg numbers of pereqns.. Mexchant princee,' *5 Vthe were termed, maight be shocked, but hp must repeat that-A mans who thus traded 'without capital 'was not. justified ln'eXpendIng 2,0001. a-year. As regarded the. abitraition ,7iA the 7-Ol. On the eve, of tbq private arraDgeminnt thel abstraction, was usijustifiable. The LeIslature had given' a letter Of liensEe to traders to:effect private arrange. ments, but it had done so only upon the condition thai; they placed the'whole of their estate in- the posseesior -of their creditors. The bankrupt (Mr. R. Sysrsj eaid this get 'was owing to the advice Of an accoun~tant of the hihest standing.rHe was sorry to hear It; there must be a m1istakg. r.RoxnuRoros.-There lanodoubt.of it. I hold inmy hands an affidavit that it'was un4er Mr. ColemRan' advice that the money was thus applied. EbHis oouR said, lihe 'was sorry if an accountant had given such advice. It wasaery different. advice from, that which would be givenL by auny of the legal -gentlemen whom he saw present. to their. clients. ah case of the bankrupts rafght be useful to creditors as teaching caution--caution h ow they trusted-partles having lapg transactons anid keepIng up false outward erncs The trading had betn -a desperate speulation, and, subbL. as the Court. could 'nbt not bttmark with gavediaapprobation. QGving eredit.for the cessation of thle 'Russian war having renderedl kthe failure partialy one of unavoidable loss and misfortune this certificates would be of the second classa; but there 'would be ansuspnsion of the certificates of the two Blyers for' a perio of six months 'with protection. The other bankrupt 'would receive an immediate certificate of that class, Mr. LAwRAxOR a pplied that. the cots of tho opposition' mkht be paid out of the estate. Th ofisiomxEr. 'Yes the case 'was one that caUed; for the fullest investigation. .IN. P.MRE C. T. NOON,. The bankrupt'was a bookseller, "o, of Regent-street, Anda elsewhere. This was the certificate meetn. r Lw rance, for thd assigneed, did niot oppose. The ConLasrssrnm.-To -what is the failure atltributed 1 The Bankrilpt.-I fear to my having had too many irons in the fire. The o 00sssromzn.-~-A -very commaon cms. what is the psition of the estate? M. LA.wsRAmCz expla1nea that the baAmrpi had beenL a partner in a business In Qzees,-atreet. That was vory profitable. He entered into business in Regent-street. That business included a comsAission on the sale of opera tickets--gonersL,> a very proritable branch. The debts 'we?e a lUttle more than 2,0001. The assts includedl debts owing to the estate by nearly every member of the peerage. Hler Gracious Majesty the -Queen was not a debtor, simply because she adopted the praiseworthy couse f pomt pymet.. .itbutbeing guity of any disespct o dbtos a 'teWst-nd,it. 'wontid not he di- TeCoarsusiroxs.-There 'were clearly too many irdn s. ResaUuratI I do not like the term. It -sounds too much like that of "'h7pothtaddod,i' of.'whlch 'we. have just heard. Restaurant ! It is the last thbmg' ipenhich I'sbould think of entering. (A. laugh,) The banrut may take a secnd class certificate.
ZNSOLYE.i472T DEBTOPJ' CoVURZ Dec. a. 1?N RN RIOHARD COOPER. (Be,ore MEr. m, i) 1l's IMnsolvent, who dewcribed -himself as following no oceupation, petitioned under the Protection Acb. mx. Pry opposed for wessrs. Manlove, engineers at NTottimgham, and a creditor Lu- person, -named Hlayward, also She insolvent's debts exoeed 3,0Q01., and his wlfe carrise on the business of the Ranelagh Laundry, at Camden-town, which is her separate property, and from which ehe derives a net profit Of S. per mannum. essrs. Manlove fitted up some machinery at the laundry, for which the insolvent gave acoeptances. They were now creditors for 40. A bl of sale of all the property upon the premise had been given to a clerk In the Royal Ex ohange Assurane Company, named Jewell, for money advanoed The-business of the laundry was still going on. Mr. Hayward, a-creditor from Lym ngtoe, to whom 841. was due, complained that the insolvent had had his shootlg-box at Everton, near Lymininton, and passed himself of aa a man of forhtne. Upon examnaion the Insolvent amitted that a bill which ho had given to lr. Hayward iwas accepted by a relatve who had fauled in business, and who was now a servant to his wife. A question wras mooted whether the insolvent ws not a trader by reason of his wife's business, but it was contended by his counsel (lIr. Sargooed) that a "w washerwoman" was n ot a trade?. The learned CommssrioNz was of opinion that the insolvent was not a trader, and therefore sustained the petition. H e also apponted a day for the final order, but intimated that iE 31r. Haywards opposition were continued the farther potton would be witheld. Messr. Manlove would also avo an opportunity of attending to explain the circumstarces connected with their dehti The final order meeting las ied for January 8. Dr RN J. B. THOMAS. This insolvent, who was a-bonnet-dealer In Nowe Oxford. street, applied under the Protection Act. He had presented a former petition, which had been dismissed, but upon the opposng creditors prooeeding to arrest the Insolvent he produced a proteetion paper from this Court, he having immediately fled anotber petition. The learned CoumansioNnz sid the second petition ought not to have been received in the office of the court. A case of improper conduct had been proved against the insolvent upon a former oocasion, he havng given a bill of sale of all his property to a young woman in his service for a concocted debt. The present application could not be granted. Petition dismissed.
POL WE. GIrrDEHLL.-George M'Farlane was brought up for final examination relative to the charge of absconding from his employ with the proceeds of a check for 301. belonging to Mr. Hollingsworth, a book-binder, in Wine-office-coUrt, Fleet-street. It appeared that the prisoner was intrusted by Mrs. Hollingsworth with a check for 301. to get cashed at Brown's bank, in Abohurch-lane, earlyin Rovember last, but he never returned, and it was subsequently ascertained he bad received three 101. notes at-the bank for the check. which, sacording to his own accoult, he had sbared with a lad who accompanied him. When the money was all gone the prisoner gave himself np and informed the officer in what manner he had disp6sed of the notes A salesman, named Chaproniere, in the employ of frs. Cartwright, clothier, in the Dover-road, was cilled to sho* that the prisoner and another ld changed one of the notes with him In pyrnent for tw& suits -of olothes, which they put on at the tune, leaving their old clothes behind them. On being losely uestioned by the prisoner the 'witness ad; ritedt tht a who accompaIed the prisosner gave 5s. to him (witness) to spendmiudrink amonEg tem in the ahop but, on being asked if he 7snewv thsenotes were stolen, and lnformed that he wias not bound to answer the question if Itn tenrdeid to ctmnat.lbimssel} -he (witness) declied to Alderman PEm8s aid he shoild commi tthe prisoner for triaL but he considered the evidence of the witness very .nastlsfactory. -e did not come forvrard in that straight,orwayd manner which he ought to have done, and his evidence altogether, S taking i into considera'on hia de. clinin-to anwer the question as to his knowledge of the was of so discreditable a, nature, that he to bind him overiu his own recognigAnces in and require one other suret; for his appearance at tho The witness's own surety in SQl. was ultimately accepted. MAR33LBOU1GIrSThERET.-HaZziet Jackson was broight up for ro-examination charged with stealing a gown and eome other small articles. The prisoner'was w emsnded from Monday iast, the eildence being not aficiently conclusive, and it was generiUy understood tbht when again brought to the court it would be for the purjose of beintg discharged. AB the prisoner was waiting-to bo conveyed in, the prison-van it *&8 re[ maked that-she had something unusaUy -bulkiabout ler. She was searched; andsa qianutlty f towlsr belongin;g to the prisor. ad a petticoat, theproperkfof a femaleprisone7r, were found madeup as a. sld, and- coceealsdbtneath her dres. h,prisg,nerwi ;re6disgly bbairgd'wthihis -neW robberyr. Tle prisonef it appea ed;had eenemploye&iP assst n te risn Iundy,and a take toport*nty The prisoner, having been discharged frosi the first felon for wan t icszgent e,idence, pleded ":GufltR"to *b Eecond' hgarg, andtrequestad jh ae- wall not sufflid,41tto permit hitix to serid her-:for,the fult period al1owed by. law-six rmonths-for a more impudent zobberyb had never heard of, iad he prlaner defeved nzo 01ty, hs-t ad Ahown -herself a conoered tbief.- -He *WoaR5xST~Rr*..Xr.' HA_ae3UM has ,received a5* note, N7o. 00,475, for the.poor-box, from" "W. IL Q." -A donation of the same 'amotint -was forwarded to Mr. HAbn. mHIl about a fortnght since& by a gentleman. si_ng the initials " X Y.." with directions that it should be given to aperson whom the wniterindicated. However deservingof such kindness the object:,of the.- donor's bounty. any.haTe appeard to be in. -the. first inatanoe, subsequent In irIes have indcevod the magbitrato to withhold it~, and notc 1e', knolegete ecept in te epetatonthat the.donft wises he entema toforardthelatter, that hte bay THAmrxs.-Elleu -WIElogatt, an Irishwoman, ahout 22 yeas of age, who jiss been 9onvlctgd of felbuy thr6ebntmeu, and was for some Uzzie An lnimntq of ari-asylum for -fslle women, lalIMlatWn, j in Ml&dleaex from wbic4 she wasremoved a few weeksg -sinee, and taken -toheservie of Mr.TmesHarding,ac ommercisl taeUer, of.Wo 21i,Qe see,Stepney, was br~ougt -u -on. remsa& l7dwt sta= g; W5~ the property of %eelalinrg.i house.. Harding, the wife' 6f the peceecuthr, as a servant of lalwork, and was Informod by the matron of the refupe that the 'prisoner bied only-been on cony'ited and appeored Tery penitent. Tb prisoner had'orly been ixthe servceof Mmrs.Hrdingsaid her familyfor one month,whenaheoom; mitte'd the zobbery-n 2ow cheage agaist ber. .On-Fridny, th* 20t nit., Xrs. 'Hardfng receved fromi lier Irushairda r~itredleter Ostd St, Wjgn, -in Lancashir. It, con. tiedtbrequO1. aad oeB&e5te,allof theBAnof Haglom& Mrs. Harding. doposited- the notes In a -small box Iris drawer in lher t4eorom. -Thepsoner was present 'when the lettr was receivd, and afew~ minutes afterwAids was sent upstalr to cleant the -roomi whi&ch ontainedthe drawat in-w=ic the mo!r, was s4= ited. About bag-purat 1-2 'sOeIo the same L t oner camea downi 4 'Atarnd oaid she wsnted-some blacklead for the sioyes,~ aud heri 1115tres=gave her'he=6oney to uy bome. Thes prisoerwent iDut ceitenribly on- 'her err*and -ad-eer mtred.; X-, Hard !jnlqoplg, alarmed, at her long abseno. Weot lr6l her .eromand founid the d4a*ir open and Ii~ notes gone. TmeUint liforniation was 'Vivento thepollo., and the prisonier was aVprdbinAled on. the 23d 'of HOvhea, three daysafter'the robbery, t a puhliohonseln thbe Cot mercis.-xo&d 4Aat, On being tkento the station-house by stlrpeours. p)oliOe.ergcant.,Ko. 21 .~ she ~Was Identified byrs67rd gsson. Stimpeon took fromirber-paLir'of eWlitc which hoamctined hado broeenurhasted stolen priotn ber nithe ayphasoended ofrr th. rimstners hor. atthE sopofmmrte Edwrds, tralsomkr.n amnl Gimeuwwxe.Theois onov#hA 2'bee o sp uMenngrod dpearl mrougey amoghr fcountrrgeopleinithe ame neighb noe Thad benu nte salon o f the T Snfx. gcmR m titted hrrsonlrl. wisoner, and Mr. a~nce wand reostdn in .Chilyohestreotw,lotebh, was;x remnd,6kgs'LuaZli eiribzminau' charged. with. rasuting ar The car having'U bee proved,&liisn obgealyr M1r. SMFcHenr commited rsner,, fd, wof sai GI&4t6r Central Oriminsl Ooiritor.tral.
SuNDt& AND BumGz....The largo east-iron bridge over the Wee at Sunderlhnais about to undergo ixtenslve repairs^aud trationsr mder the superintenden6e of MW. Rober Stephenson, C.E. Thebridge Is atprsent,aslt hMs been forrnany yoars i aurecArios state, owiigtothe rech diver&ng to thoe eastward ibou in. fron a vrticaI plane. This courredvery shortly after tue bridge wasbibilt, andtbe bridge wag tnlysaved from an -unftiely end by the fowthought kud skill of the hate Mr. Grlimsbayr,' who fixed sevor6I diagonal trac6i 'in the'd~ructuide since-whch the brldko has ktept perfeetly.in the same Positi'on.. The "contract foleb necessary Work has been let to Mr. B. C. Lawton, of X6'wcastle.upon-Tyne for 34,G97Z 1Oi. 4d.4aidwlllconsitst of strengthening the areA by ethinsertUonorthbraboI1e lto tubes between the, preseut. aib w!Dg th 4ft. 101in. on eih sidl' byMons o ~cIg~cei h level, ol-t'he r64d which% -sat pret 1bne,iJ lo1 altered to in5O. Daighilb turned. On two I mnray road . one a ahsd ftepe tenit bride. The ~lIn fr t'he-e~Ar fth cfo
I .. w1 1I ,1 A&sZk - . - - Wm T inmr1TI WINVHESTE& W-ZnT M-q-A V t-DcJo7 Mr;-WVKEfc WILLIS.) Tzeeelk Domiwas IndlcoW: for felonlonsy killig afid AlIgnatu*Georg, at Cocam,i on the 29thi of Octvobr., pracesAiou ; and Mr. Pouldin, said M1r. H. 1P. Cob for'th,' prionr.ktevs0 o olya resding at(loaham, neaor iortunouth, and he was bage ,with iegligent.or r heonduoktowardsx lmr George In Iher emingaent, in ona which, she died. .Thei evi. di history of ~quW o the transacion He 1a agoe.1 l aared to my wiftcI w D 2 eans ofame. onOcoesca. 1sugge0dfaytherady~Qtb~ nu theewa no occasion for it; It was aomncaesch ishshoddmaj~hlinges a.Kr. Deanlft atrbek onay~oTing.He aidtwo' viit n h agan m Wd~uda,ue,ng nd a~he waia ot requteea and wen awa. H we sen f6 at7 o'lok onthe a ln l Izmej~r;t.htd he c elaa woid mom-, be1* but.!tgrewas'n eccai?onfor.is,,Ra~ exnlnedg thatinigh. AbDut. ~ .'rwk n~ta1omIzihersa. bdobenstaorsnd sadntwangl. ~~ In t~~he wori4* ad anit o flh~~ejngJ~~~~ aeume, And h e t totehae sonbe'el.H canyo~am-erdwn witoot6 ' sAt* I ft lsad ieanmut ay' hUeast owaee'nto ofeti for tpo ko ronur suffeint a jr0l. Hied.D;nld te Dot. hailsacedhewIs' a fhi tbemnwath nmsxln,ia who. oceh h oudrahr W. sbelf,ese andshud ford Itli4tz." Wesi ewol ohm 1Wf eaueI. sn' ernngr e m sen th oto ih othoe atemUhe-i wait 4ax a1et ndta a l sroualdlt he wouldbrna_ ha.iram f io w uraeH vent by,th omnibusj wet u0ocok r nlce bavd-fu mils tof-f. Mr.i- Dno- jetgone. 'id aoe but GAOO* ISir, Yin heriieii'su th-doCto. Heside od pvzoteomge bess1d,Good God;nt comeI esid be lioored sfthated t.he'told of* h~ias tho re,.n t Atw ulddo, oterl Hesadethe Dooto hai d askedii blur wh7 ed reove the qhil. abbe hand Io hi bearoldditli aoeZ andbould ke.ngtoglehqt-adly r.igedwhdtl hlm'thatI bMr.eanc) murst-be the-; bet geo h - The aftrnone said iut was tbeocesdary ta someting solda be dofe brand he. wentd f~on Mrs.vAtlaefiacld; wo aie cloe by, an hywnptirsa tcnether Thoutd Go'cek rDan.caet m,ndsi "Tloae the'Thurads ~ ~ .Jnhecors other miediamnliewthn10ad u-ewa meeotjuiorpvcttioer tt ernewa Tb ns ttdthat ontheyo gq WeopdifnedyevtengMr y~maieoun brand1raa heawud aiio- give -herWm acblld S i8fth cha4id was4-wa I2o n, boutugreal)ttn.j thethuray meRornwing hoMt. Mea sa0"'idte lIduha bndaaoie sctime. t Hetrld'ir hard-fo hal anm k oit eie h th-e Thursa excep wAt" weepou0db si she. diedald 1 said. sher wai-og hyttha-ae er not iveway.Shoerid faMInt ndwu oo etbttr Thsws a0mnts bfr h id of he odyof rg.Geoge xt ofdy th&coflTv"~ Thy ol wehis l-gt ao id ~thy oungwoman ~~Couhld nofthbveo hild tah6zat frasthebnders.at 0a0.I~na i'cha csethe ouldtwa delivred wthoutthe he pAtificuL 3.Thr. ewasne oA. Mtru.loMnto-th for thero hearinugeduo theeveu to.da thep wre of,oplndbslomtht hdDied frothgexatkitloj of Attentiontal ow Gersager an bogrtrae'idt tdatoouln te mn.eh&k: Asv& eryhf a chld,a briztjude blofh bdy =out to hae even dbt ecauserd oth morethan 10 ominutep houlway9elatprsentecrtthe tom?,bdsitveri rmotraleted kno awe whas teessaryulo halver donpe Wthl tat oncxe. ]cay wo e uld beanegprous.eHd vthe hl beer trmbeding;l beivre they alaoedtheaml't thvey neinsverkdw. Mtcr loon,hrefr howd. omlteld thcey ionvdah pracisoner we Mr. ustictedlnlat 41 -paient fp,orbmsere that he qusln hour not bte t he pr ner hs beeftoli geaUtftt Aneadwrn Ion. jItgment beaomfor thngafte nooe head wansw iborn bortheq~urlowAw to altogther, wnehcwasaa withchs Itruhsean nur nloclastchilu etasdeing 21 Theousr rto ife. fortometie, and thseen the cnomplete k b ind tay oion hywudpedrt the pcnrGihyo rs eslof thMril. Thiey Whs od teerhear of suh atcaseno as thrin ot ave eft he bdsid f he p tietor Deansier wbat spoken of as a person of goof professional character.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
NORTERMT CIRCU. - YORK, DF.O 8 tjlIeore Afr. Fustice WTLIA3MS.) Chalei William Smith, aged 28. was indletedifor forgig, and utterng, knowlng it to be forged, a promissory notefor the payment of money at Wahefield on the 24th of Jily Mr. Johnston appered for the prosecution; the prsoner Wa undefended. The prisoner; who appeared at the bar dressed in a blue. jacket with a badge of a petty officer of the Royal navy on, the arm, went. it appered, on the 24th of July last to the -offiee of Ur. Wanright sh attorney, at Wakefield, of con-, siderable elperlenoe In criminal effencees, and complained to imthata ma namd Barber had robbed him. Mr. Waluwright sent forMr. XDNnald, the thief of the pollce, and in their presenee he represented himself to be a petty offir, Inth&Royal ba, lwho had lately been discharged from HerKAjY`' I xedlent;. After statig the paticulars of the&robbery by rber, whob,he d, ha rn off with his wi, and wishin stepa to be taken for his apprehendon,; 'Dould osad be should be put to sorme expense in tracing' it nut,and required an adneof . tThe prisoner then produceda pronmissory note which he saidthb offloerof the ip had given him rather than that he should have the, mzoney bE him and ose it,, and this note le handed to llr. Wainwrlght, and it durported to be dated,- Tre Jdarmatte ddte Ip sAsen to bl £25g "G H.k OI,;S4 B,flnane,zst,0Roya w, y ,detlpi, Ldoa. * He[ also informed, lra W-I3zwr!ghi that he had paid a' duced. ]&r. WAnW419ht took the to-le and seOt ik Jel'e with itto his bnkets Int6ndingtdhit they ih6uld take! tPbar-gl of it and present it whenL due,,but they mnit him~l ~k:caah'f6r t, iiid`1 if th pr6oeds he bindodT) to- eDing - I 14 40Q 1snr _oal,j 2'.to 4a constable, and1.tteprsn, who told h1m to tak*heliirgof thet ii NeantL e ihe tricer order6d IOnee'ne* clothes, which were tsppliea 3r.W nwrIgstAt"jo nalsor qd orderedaconrY ce for drive for himself.andtome senmibers of Mr .WaInwrighte famiy, s~dtheinqiries als to thei robbery he bad suffered werebol prsectedwith v1gour,'when Mr. Walnw!rIght's banke inLmdhixa day or two nfter tYhatrhis bill was a gery, and that there was no such personas Lientenant Gibbs, ofth oalna , Thle' prisonherwasn conEe. quene, aprehnde, an Iii~ri't1 the bill depole at othel4tdj Ban Wm r~ue nddasn h WainwrigaCw ed IM'. -aIu gt' trod orut tho Sir pay was withheldo and asof drew an order on a Jew Green a eerkint when ise ha rw tc h te rmmr oea h bankreq t sh ich they r toiw,f but agreed tobinks yr tn sue,, provewb kfrwtomBe. Admiralb that thie regIstr of ofl;eers og the nsvy had beae earchad, and -that -ture ' suck pso a LIwteatGibbs ltheRoal . ,The prsoner erouexsunlned each of these witnesse a enormou eghgas to thikowledge of his correspon. dence with 'ariocprfleg, and especiy vith one Gilberi ARAniUto Fretwel,wIhor Maetdislf ma bereite 8t law, residing At A. Jaraes-xtreet, Adelph!, who acted as hdi admat - nd h o had got. his money, but who, Inl AAt wOa emi y a*cAoo1nvtate and CaUe Mr. .&obl, the governor of the gaol to oferoborate bis sktatment as $o his .orresspn tilesuyfm ffie motorauiM p ' u e2ce anh m 7 transactIOns. Xr. Notble statedbat e. wax always writing -etter that he ha ropresnted r. Gilbert and that he ha m s m iadedsthanyyalset' is ' rezon nohn thth a.inad.v4a, summ a up, -o d he he thatoo Of -as Equally a forjderY Iiipoinot o -Ooidg tei i ne esnwether ;%Z eitedornt ori withItent toA deraud. Toetim l ha n weedn m(mey and iLwatoLtnt t w )19 fraud Sha obnd Mhat Soydkes apnd fotrin tu-rwithitent Merau.DelydfeddOt,adM..J -W lkui JamsgCazButeraood .ha u~ro eeIdce o Imut&jgJsp ryn ppsotorlin ron thpeoizng a ,thizo Ita on the~~~~er.Ing lof the2
; O -, j 1 -;~ . r (TEtnn_eqflrTM . . GLOTESRe, XDE. 8. 1llCJoreArBronMar.rn.) Charles Jxaro Watson was charged 'with forgin two the 18th of 2&ugust. M 3r; W 34 H. k- 6rdfJh-ro toiTh prisdondenr was t frort thee rcu SIlnoi Ie it appeared that on the 17th of -,. &uAu'ilait ay A a PrinbekgBow,d, in Middlw4x obtained two money oraers -one for 51'. and the otherfor- Iby 6. 9d.. He -thea ec, ouneibim Itn W9p1C tceP9 a Adroted- the m to !'t r Witoli. 6. 9.' BkkOL" Thparty.fou whose hn ended tbe aiWatoen, dUveE:.t hi;m- e i Q*teWMiUtdO4J0 inhh*sme t ot0wer primrf9roaa lodgedTh etltewaweoe bothm miei. lierd- he proneefor inotgings a Ud thus sme int hihand,. 'When he opened the letrthe nd*Jeeyeom. tabd rdersfor2noney from Its friends lanLond6n.w He took one of the order: -to theo pcet-offloe, signed- "John Watsono id lt ot X 1. 9d.;aandidhe amedayheot another e Mto ake tJqother o;der t, thepoga'd,l sIged"John Watson" aii.thus.ho obtained the-whloof the money. ,Inquizies were afterwardsr made,a&nd thjpri. monr.era ted thl hoA obtained the monei, bttid e belirvedit libeentint An him by h xs friendse I'ndoh. The terawhics ncompaniodh orderw. e - ot lund 7pon the priowner, nor were they troduoed by him. he jpr found-thep tisoner Giul?ty o Mr.,e=ed 3LARTrT,.inpambigenence, maid that in ouD&eraoi ofegrEat tEemptation,he wouldpes uponL theprisos-Ieralenleot sezltanee.-8vlz that hn be Iprisosle ithe hard labo for12 maleanar D m onths.a he -Oeo£eWod, agtd 59, 'shooemaker; w Ie cbrcthe m mqulsttll on ithth manslughte:o' Hktj na 3fr.W. H. Cooxai, who app eared fof thfeiros6dutl6ii aidd nWiider't ireun anhes he felt it to b his duty not to BitiLlXiqx`ld e~quite Approved olthat conise: The Aoeedaee diod'of apoplexy, and 'it was Ver dvnbtiniwheAheeMhi ett or negine of the prisoner ha ixtnlb to doithihe death. z.f 1zD on the ealsOe rA xcteothdene agiddano eig 'Ltonevflt Bou. d to say that thiere was no prolbabiity of a -conviction 31i.3mn3&nTirn'ad,hiqtdte fcordnXed in ih, 4o0i. Itton, but added, that it was a Tery proper case fot the coBacher to iquroiE¢dnte.holdnghUaitr b-k The prtonet wastlihe discuharesd H iiiam ll. Oaed 26, labot or, sad Richard Ban am 17, bore, were chared with straling. 15I from the aodr* son ef 5haurls Saunders at Woohtahdton, on then ore 17ovember. -.' Mr. Paoer appeae for, the prosecutions for. Fiawyer Aped the prisoner s I t I eapprd thatthepretorwasayoungfamservant whojim te a hurse of a 2 years service had savec up the smo 16ba ndo. He, wte abont 'to benmarried-toa.io" woman, ud Usvia seen her home safe or the night of the 21st ofWovem or, he went toward bs khome, withe 154t i neorpoekt, cdl. 48 . ie tht iother. Othisowaygheentered a%beershop andtherehAnioecider, a~nd. paid for-it,weith.s eanoteigns. The elder prlsoneri William Bo wathe, an wheng itheprosecutor observed tlt he shod not go, nomt thaeo igth bt hi atebouaeq at?tli e les tn publichose, as e woohn him le47 geronrer, nuched him loge thhouseJsan~amied lWilliains, sd hiave some dank, .&oeoz29sding ^ l thtpoutor's WM whle leanlrg with 'his WI arm 'belef orprodrbsaer e nawl jimns!s~house, hr4ehitho ybungerI p risoer Richard Ball put his had int6' hip' -lgh.ha pocket. 2Ie edIetel'the-M s11d 9bargeid the prisonez with robbing mf zpThforthe prisoner denieh and offero4 U he searchedo tthofferwasmnots aepted. Ix the mretn. time the e roner struk the yofnger priner a blow on the ch6st.mdthngv tie' prosecator-mgvere blovi whc cnedhm-e i'prifemsely. The prisoner's mother Ath am e ',mad took - the' younger psonerawv,, .The proetor wsie take care i'of for, the .it, an tKe nexitiorniaghe fause a pho rIoners t6 be akenAito ens ltode Theibotieooudon z hed :bu:noe.rF0dfthe,mineJ 2atf 4. roms la rht> VW s ando , denid ihe sawthe -pliones hand'n eretsp~an ueodtj ice was about to c ia oe bry butthe Sa nthinf about it and wenttb Mr. Baron nurcmsadher es wis by elder'prisoner.; 8-:., agafnse. Mr. SIWYI then &adress the jury for tho youngeB prisoner, and contended that no relianoe could be p :oe-d on the evidence of the witness Williams. Mr. Baron MrTv mummied up the evidence; sad The Jury found the prisoner Nt; Guily. Jobn Tjleraged 20, f.herman, was chared with mall. elouul mettig iem to the dwell n.os f Rachel Tylor, one ay, Tyler bef%gthen in 'thie saidA:welling-house at Tidenham, on the 39t of Augut 1857. .3r.' Saw r,yer appeared for te prosecuition; Mr. Powell d efeddthie rioner. it Al ered thathe prisner lived withhlg grandlmother, RacheYTyler. He cme home one night late, andh)isgrad. mnother complaned,And told himnlhe had bettcr gobackcto the Place ftom whlch-ke came He went up to his, beak room, and presently came down, and went out, sayleug he would burn' the B lot of themi. He Immediately re. turned to theo heuse wit two btndles-of straw, *hich'he tookupstirs ~ndset onL ire.- ,The prisoner 'then. came downtais an boed te dor.The grandmaother had'-Jell the ous, hutheprisnerbada sick aunt ia bedl In, the kitcen. he son fundthat theo house was on fire, but theprione wold otallo*r her to open the dtor,' and he too. kifeandthrateedto- kil anybody who entered, The eigbous, owae'rer forced the door, and endevoured to xtigmk te fre but without success, for the house was onsued.In the oourse of the tria, Mfr. Barn MAsRTnr maked the oounsc for the prisonez ,whether the facts proved oould be altered for, if not, he had but one alterntive. Mr. E'ownr.r said. he could not resistia qonviction, but he wished to examine some witnesses to show that some of the prisoner's family had been insane, and that when the pri. soner lied been drlnkig lie was ini the same state. The grandmother was examined on this -point, hut she saUted that iet husband ha avery firiji nid. The leared counsel abanedonead Abe examination. .Mr. Baron, XfAITLNthent directed the jury that if the3 believed the evidence they must fxnd the prisoner Guilty, -which they did ao6ordlngly. IHis L01tzsffp maid the crlime of which the prisoner had been oonvictedwra a, capital one, but the statute the 4th oi cored.He hold'adot hatcouseix hincae", hut, life ouldbe sared he ust not sentncewoud h les thn pnalservitude Sentec of death zrecred John Deap agedl 47, laburer, was charged uunder the 7th and 8th- of George IV., Cap. 29, with sending a letter to one WillismiHorliok, deinanutig money with menaces, nd without snyreatnsbabeor probal ocause. Mr. owel apeaed or he roccuton.The prisoner Octoer *f" thet follo~v etrw od the nh had dewrigoi the 'sane, aelin eceeqoepe I1 amMauch ID Urea, audit you don'It leaVe cno~iefore the SOot ~cyemb_ rebelslro,4etm Wr b -eaMeeb ,T~DvMpRI. ~l'opoomtos''elocestherssxhheh. htvei-t( Irlster av e It Sleandgdvianctedfors a feoro smedn; zet o he prosecutor, t tedloe( thattherewa noruh htee n theO I utatlonte s fare ar-ho wa ocre;bnhamtet . hepraionone occasioene lid 1monlet'hued i theeag p.io be atmne, And it avenuher t a shilldng fo someb adrik kono thed pryosetor God declaree mgthatvte contento fofg the lttro weretor. Mr.hBrone~~ KTINIn summing up the evidence, aid it Was Immateria whether the Chauge contained In the letter watrme 'orfalse; It woitld be equally the offence oontem. plated by the staitute., - - The prisouei here 'interrupted the learned Jdge m by The jun' ound tboptls~,nthe it4e. 'Mr. Batch MA ~t'hen sentenced him to oipLmd With har4 laor,!i-4212clendaLr months. J,riond Whe te rad urywa dscaredhis LORDSHIP ai theclenar as ery>liht,andit as unc tothe credit Thewh6eofth ln~lse wa brug tit m coe b hlf .
- .25 -3B E4AYL 1UUDR. - ; - CevSTER,WIhA zr .. ter tfie dppch of my parcel LaSt night the following 'ewtnses were examined:- '' '0'''' '" MIiohaej' Bcloelilan, farm laboulrer, generally corrobo. ted the prevlousitne. HI sai V he ws ure tht the pkiionel, w6nt first upstairs, and was the first to go intothe deco&deroom.. Ho (witness) was next to the prisouer, ana saw him lift the latch, the door being Clied. -Nobody tcuhed the bodly. Alter it the prisoner went to his mdtxer'sroom. After desoribing the sendizgfot the polIoo. tSe witiess added-James ait to me,.' michael, come an . lcols At your doqr." We went pud he. was fiistup the granary seps, with a lighted eanldlo `Thefe wa. WA . nary latch t it; and when, James got to he,top 01t h steps he aid, " Mchael, see what.they!ve putik .yJr door to keep you in." He showed me a bit ,of wod, w omethio g like di;s you have Iaendd me, mid Mhlh he took out of he laeh!. Isad "sWhat? that SirV' an d be ,iaald, "ht'Xs a bit of wood put to ktep you in." - we wenti ;ck int the kitchen after that, .ai the prinDuerlssed me to wat there bhilu he Ielwent to look: jtihedges nd 4ltcs., 'e was et f,r.abou~fr aa iu r ' Ar,' t i 'ookno weapou or Ught Wh1eu be cme alJ e .:mne ogo upstainrwith him, aud Iwentintosroom, :I asked -im if it was hi, and he aid, "Yes, Micel, this is- mj ,edroom." I saw him go to a box or somethin_g; akenut some papers. and put them into liis pocket We didn?t -deay inthe room, and whet we got down to the ktitheRloe pulled out tho ame papers and put them iiito the fie, 'One of them fel ou't, but -'e picked it up and p*t it in aga, ond it was bumt. We then at until Miohael and villon came back wlth the police. I uSed to take myr meals -with the family, -bnt I never saw the prisoner and his father 4ating toether. I BjSeantlenisy.-The fatherwould sometiines dine by himself, and I saw him, but I never saw him getting dinner 'with the famiUy. 1 used to go to masn at Stckport on Sundays, but I went back to my mqala. I had been back to the gnary before James went with me and showed me 'the bit of-wood; but that was with Dillon 'when-we went to ires. I am sue that James went first into his father' 'room, and rthinklIwas thiid. I had Riven notioe'to leve the farm and so had Dillon; but I don t imow how long it Wa before the 29th of September. It was a week perhaps. My sister also gave nQtice; he said that my sister gave me apples, and-then we gave notice. By "hhe" I mean the old man; he-said taat my sister stole the appies and gave them to'me. I am quito certain that James asked me to go up. stair to his bedroom when be got the papers. I could see all thAt he did. -When we got down my sister was in the Sctchen, and she put sticks or coal on the fire, which ws a very bad one. I would not swear whether the prisoner lighted some paper and put it into the grate under the wood -or whether he stuffed ln some paper and then took the candle to light it. Yes, he did put the paper under the twigs first, and then take the candle; but the paper burnt out without catching the stoiks. -There were then sftcks or twigs, and coal in the grate . and when one piece of paper fell out, the twigs not beiDg lihted, Jaimes took.up the paper and put it ln again. My sister afterwards lighted the fire. She got-sore smaller sticks, and she m3ght have got some more paper. I left the farm a week after the uurder, and since then I have iroked a week in Birkenhew. We worked a week for Mr. An. drews, who bas kept us I got 3e. or As, altogether from hiim, but not more. I slept and got food at the lock-ups. I know tke Shakspere at Stockport, and we have gone at odd times to get a glam there. H Rexamned.--Me and Dillon did not take a light with is to the granary, and we dressed in the odark. It was dark, bet moonlight, when James said he would goand look about the hedges and dltches. George Oswald Andrews.-I * superintendent of the Stookport divlsion of the Cheshire constabulary. I reived lDformastion between 3 auds 4 o'clook oh,the morning of the -3Oth of September about this murder; and I went to Biram- aill immediately, taking Sergeant Cooper with me. "We got there betwetu 4 and 5, and aw James and homas Henderson in the back kitchen. I sald to James, "I understand you have had somethuig eious here," and 'he said " Yes, we hbae." I sdd, Is the old mam dead 1" and he sdd "Yey." " Have the parties taken aUything ?I X said- angheanawered, "Yes, 14. Os, in gold from the desk Sn the front sAtting-room." I went and fourulX "writing desk open on the table, with a quantity of littered about. This Is the des The prisoner n out' the place from which he sad the money had been ,Uken; -i was a parttion for pens, not a secret drawer. Aoe ctch of the desk was lying on the table ; and when I said, " How did they foroe it open 2" he took up the catch and said,. " They've broken this from it." g then left the room, locked the door, and took awav the -key. In the p e I said, ." How did these people get in?' to which he replBed, "We suppose one of the gang had Isd hmsl In the early part of the ght and let th'e oteors ln, for we found the.backdoor open." I said, "Who was 4ast up '" and he sid, "I wasg. I saked, " Are you sgre Ulhe door was fastened when you went to bed ?' and he re. pled, "I am ," and he iddedthathe went to bedabort half. Nat 12. As -we were going upairs ha etated that w*hncb -was goingtobed he thought he heirds shumlngnolse,buthe turUed back and listened, heard nothing f'irther, and then rwent to bed. Oa the first landlng the prisoner said he had ,ehot at one of the robbers who was there, and that the win. 4low had been broken by the shot. He pointed outthe hole' It was on the right hand upper corner. I said, " Do you think you hit him " an& neaa "Yos,beauseo he went-" holding up his hanas and uterlng an eolamatlon. I said I hope you dld, and that he has left us iome traoea on the gtalrs; upon which, with the candle, I began to look ibout the landng for marks of blood. I did not ind Iherd or upon the stairs, We then went up to the :econd landing; and there I ald that I was nxous to fonrm an opinion how the mahdbeen shot. He wentlnto hlsroom, .took up a gun from. the drawers, and showed me the .jsltlon in whiob he had fired at the outline" of a man, as ,be said, upon the landing. That position was about a yard .on the inde of his own door. I got hold of the gun and aid, "Why you could seacely hit the window from here," but by mov1ig a little back I saw that I oould lovel against Abe hole in the glamss I then said, " What was the frst thing you heard in connexion with the matter?" and he reped, "The report of firearms in my fathers room. "e at did you dothen t" l ked; andhesaid, "hIjumnped -out of bed, seined hold of the gun that was aginsit the drawers, opened the door, and seeidn the shadow (or the outliue) ot a man against the window, fired at him." I said, " What ! didn't you call out before you fired? It ini*it have been your brother or some of the family." He said, "No,Ididnot." I-asled, "Whatnexttookplacely" and he replied, "I saw a light in my fathers room, which was extinguished a soon as I fired. Two men rushed Vout of the room, down the stai, and they al1 went away dogether." I said, " HAve you ny iidca how many there .would be altogether?" and he asnwered, " I sholId think six or seven; for there were two or three more -ouside." Could he give any description of the men, I asked, but he said he could not. We then went into the -old man's room, and I saw there was a fearful wound In his b head and that he was dead HIs head Awas on the pillow, -*ad sis arms outside the quilt. There was no sign of ,*ny disturbance. I looked round the room, and JFames V Aid, "This is where be kept bis money." I found that the table.desk waslooked, and I felt some of the old n 's pcwkets. but could not find the key. A piece of cerpet beside te wed was undsturbed. I theu Jeft the house and went to Stockp6rt; and about 9 o'clock I returned with Messrs. Graham, surgeons. I took them Into the bedroom, whichl Ihad leftincharge of Sergeant Cooper), and Imade a search through the place. I found a number of small pieces of paper upon tlie bed quSt, the pilow, and a few on he iior onpthe carpet ede of the bed. I found 12 such pieces. ihe surgeons were present it the time, and so was R>srgeant Hammond. These are the papers (those between ,he gass), and they are In the amae stat as when I found 'them, except that A very blackened sot was cut off from one of them, tor the pupose of analysis for gupowder. I beleve the pieces had been a waddinz, for they were singed weli as blackened. I found two teeth on thke side of the said the man was at whom he fired. Ifoundh mrsoner tened shot there: and In my presence H ond picked up a snall piece of paper from a crevice in the sirs, near - the banisater. The cr6nce was about the bottom of the third stair of the first Landing, and the paper was found jtust where wadding might be expected to fal1 if fired froma gun, as the prisoner sad hes;zed at the man I pro. ducethat leceofaper. We next searchea the plsorer bed-oom, >.- I&tt e, assistant chief-oosxstble o thiscotmty, and two of the Manchester police being present. This was ;between 11 nd 72 in the forenoon. Ifound two shot in'the ,washhan& basin, and I saw Mr. Little take from the chamlber utensil a plece of paper. The slops from the basin seemed to have een hirown tihee I found a spent percussion cp *-1U the utensil, and upon the floor beside ist I found a number of shat nd a seondospent cap. IgavetoMr. John Graham 12 of. these shot ana ilso 12 of the dattened ones. .AI the pleces of papet I have kept tear since they were found; that frqm t heutensil does ot appear to have een blakened or --ied. I next examined the pri.. *<0ASo' dressing table, andfud gaiy of Papers amngtem aboutk 70 dubr f TU d ouatgGity _ __ *.. 07', #7, . za776sz 'le ppermakd A, nlow handedto mle, vmonothe'numbers, and It purpcrtgto.ie No.77;I 4e hera a nroptevpy hi thantinber, which wag given me by.Mr.1L4tue it is marked B; ,1 waspresent cuthe ' evenin of the ntirder, with Captain Smibt; cbief ouatible ,Af the conty, to whoxntbe prisoner decribedhow, on te 3Kpnday p,3Re,8_y, be had shot a sparrowoi the barden, 'which was % reason 'wby he Lad only onebarrelof the ms-loaded ,*eno the parties brolke in; -be.saihat he shot ahi sparrow whle it was on the ar-tree In the garden. On 4ie followiiilg inorning I seaaheA al a b6t 6 on the grasoplos ,.and some yards from[ tt ho qdecso pAerltappearedtoh&robeseavsa X'hesehan e4dtomeam thepleces. he coroner's nq'est and before-themagistratea Ididrot mentonthese lt o peces. I badmqntlonedthen tothe coroner sdtotbem is. Irate's clerk,' but It wis onl dung the i week I showed them to the eirk. 'When 1 hsentloed them I id that .the pages.wesgo, far -removed in number from those traced !cn the othef Wdings thtI did not attch lmnorence to ilt. Betr6enO limsewbheun I firsttexa ined a bedroom l.f.*he deesld that of .the,,prisoner, I. IeAined the apzyd,*iwl' fouMd thatx piece of wood hadieen paced vert%he'latclr. The wood wastbeiLthere. This 11 it m d Constable gmettou was rtJ me- and at.tuo bottom of ,hb ,-tone-step4,-and herllcked tip another pice. -This iT it mZrkeU. and I bave asertained that it has fotmedpart o' i -ri4eee, vwith A; I found that Uleeforciblyclosed th latge_ '4 oatch, so thatthputting-in'of the piece o h oe Io t ft theaent thedoorb eine op [aprtn If the la60li fell thepl ''e i.. prodhsoedrlnofth lmurd eurte, prnisonertd 0 ne tad the p;rou mer, {wthe murder th pisoner tol mwrSer that be wi.. L casie tX an pxtnMv frm ~ aneeser,an tht e m.2 £0IhtIan' he hadbooks and keys of Importam. asked hirL± to get back soonit , 1-IE $O" W AfterLO kiba 3 o'clock. An hotur afterwasr - 4 5dhe 55t01515 ib6ut ar.rest you for this muarder." Is I MAi& tohji'j~,%W Ikat ns I said" 'On gr He -id, "lIndeedl OA's7h-i hiin to the b&k kltcl - I s "aYts," and' I woiVt>*ltK_ two other women kn wer hi m0tberi tw *tr, and mothr ~ ~,wee ta. 9 tea. Ho went up to his They ay ie r X.. re aidogme into cusody I The uy 4's". e ts slot sy father." She looked up buLt nobody a, remark. Te~pxiaoue vbl ohesm mo'ney, w'jhi O OV aoer 'ehis aad9s. in fizmer, ~f sid. hogo it from. Thomla, and Thmaneon& fim4.After the Prisner had had some te; I sent bim in rjuatody to Stockprt. OJn the miorning of the murder ",4nt el ay exances the house and the prounzds, but I did otfin ay tace o vIolence or ootstp.. in the inorn, inkg at first ther was no blood U-POn1 the, wall of'the.bed. roomn, but afterwards some got there when -I -mo*ed 'the belIclotheg -for the pot Mortem exAmninatjis. On . y second vlsit to the bedrdoom I founid th b f h al desk;- it was in the olj man's *aiatc.at, whice was banging at the foot of he bOd. I foundina desk the bank order for 1001.. shbankee's recelpt for 931. los., aboutt 51; in goldl; and 68, or Ts. in silver. - On'the foUcwinig Taeiday my attention 'wa called tow *Plee of onOof %afrtof* braces, salldto hav'. been fOund in the "aren, near the. pear.tree. J-had~care, fOll eaIdheacoremorning of the~murder, lut SAW3XGxah tin taer, .I,also searched o n that. morning the granarY-that Is, 1 looked at It generally,ademid t'he edclothes, but, I saw nothing like5 packet of percus SiOn CaOPS. 1. took the goun awa&y. u By Serjeunt P.AR zY-The gun Is here; I produce it. It, has been cleaned since it came Into my poession. Lsannot tell whether, when I took it sr?ay, the spent cap from the second discharge (that of Thomas Henderson) were upon it or not. SFXOrND DAT. -WZDNESDA.Y. Thes courtOPOned this morning at 9 oeclock, when the first witness erammed was Henry Smerton, polioe-oifficer; whhae evidence was corroborative of the previotsly examined officer. Captain Bznith,the chlof constablevS the county of Chester was next examined, btt the only fact to which he spoke was that during an inter'view, with'th 'iPrisoner on the daycf the murder, he (the prisoner) stated that the old mWan door was closed when he went upstairs lb. Gerg Young Graham, surgeon, of Stockport,.de. PoBe to Ag the deceased the mornmg af ter the murder, In company with Saperintendent Andrews. He explained to the our th apearace resnte bythe deceased.. Mr. GeorgeDownes, srgeon, of tockport,was next x ainied,andspoe t th sae crcustacesas described Mr. ohn eorg Grham,surgon,also deposed to the Thomas Staineby, gmunmaker, of Manchester,. was next caled, and stated that on Saturday, the 20th of September, thae week before the murder, the prisoner purchased at Idsi shop a pisol And some caps, -powder,' shot, and -balLs. WitnessWhdexamined the xpe found'i the raary,and also the number of the shots taken from, the boy of the deceased, and neither of thtem were thos sold to the prisoner. Mr. Rchad BEwar, printer, was next examined, and afatedthatinthe yearlSS- hewas.in the exnpioy-of Mr. Evaso,PUbll1her. HeW-s*tthat time publishinig a,mra tale called TMk Cotave Girl; or, tae Marriagce Day. No. 77 was published on the 10th of October in that year. [NWo 77 produced.] I assisted in prodUCin3g it. 6,500 copies were published. The witness was here handed thea pieces Of paper contained between sheets of glass, aud said they formed portions of No. 77.' He kne'w the portions. of paper to belong to No. 77, by comaparison. Bernard Sumner, a trunkmakert wras examined sas to the prsoner's doesk in the paxlour, which he salted had been broken open and 141. IOs. taken therefrom. He said he had examined it, and that In hlis opinion it had never been broken open, becuse if it had the hasp would hkve rosnaned in the lock. The fiap ofthe deskwas not torn, asit wOuld have been if the desk had been forced when locked. Mir. John Walker was next examined. He said he-was stampeckt gett Manchester, and kinew thLe decetase frbtenfour and five years audhad knownx the prisoner between 12 andl 13 years. in March last the prisoner casmeto hisoffice ana said, " That d---d old rascal and villain is abusing us anl; he is quite by himself ; he is quite mad and deranged; we must try to get him, into aneadhouse, as he Is not capable of managing his own busies sio ofcnacig the farm," and that "1 intend to take it out -o is ad. He then hmaided me a paper, saying it was isis father's lease, formne to take car of, and keep it a secret ~!1rom the family. i told himlIweuld not do so unflegss eput It into a sealed parcel, to be addressed to himself under mDY care. He then did so, and I took the packet. 'When he had done ro I told him that. he had better not try to get his father Into a madhouse, As he was not wnad, and the doctors wouldd ver soon ascetain that. He called his father "4An old blind- " and then went away. He came again a few days afterwards, and he then called his father *" An old villsn.PA On that occaslon he said, ",I was obllgeto tie-hinm hzan and foot, and I havea given him something he won't forget," Tse next day Ivent over to Brambafl; and thLere saw the deoeesd. Both his'eyes were swollexn and blach. His upper lip was heavily siwolleni, and the left' jaW wa galo swle,apparently by a -hick. The old, man showed -we hi leftarm. The skdn 'wa -all Oeeled-off snd bigtkened. 'He'aso sIhowed me- bn legs; The 'shin bones-wjr bobk: ad bruised very much. . The witnees wasl under examination when our parcel was despatehed.
FdM[I,Z AJMO2r 2W. OArFs TO T1E EDYTO! OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The following affecing accounts of the famine prevailng In some prtb of Caifraria are extracted from a letter reoently received from a lady, the wife of a respect able English settler, dated King WillMim's Town, South AfrIca, August 2,1857:- "Flour La 3a. the 1001b., and every day our house 3g surrounded with starving creatuies-women nothing but ildn and bone, chUdren of a11 age, -some of 10 or 12 years, not able to stand, actualy dying, not able even to eat. Sometimes I try to pour a little wine down their throats, half afraid all the time it may be too much for them; and to aee young bables clutch a piece of bread, while another screame frantically at the sight of It I God help us a I How ean I refuse to give them bread while a morselremains inthe house ? I can only tustin Hismereyto feedmy own littleones. The worst of it Isthey allcometo thewmoimissus. As Ipassthrough the streets to my teaching they say, moie, moie, b3cnie moi4 'good good, very good.' Actually one woman offered me her child for 6d. to buy bread. They are the most affectlonate pwrents, yettheyare now kilng their own children for food. The Government and inhabitants ar doing all they can, but many poor wetches do not understand 'Relief Boards,' and are afraid to go unless some one they call " Moie" sends them. I had a great pleasure yesterday to see two children walking to me to fetch their bread; amanaudwoman brought them a fortnight ago dying; one-a girl of 12 -could not stand, pushed away food with disgust; I got a cup And a 1ittle wine; the child swallowed some eagerly, holding out Its hand for more. I sent the woman to Dr. Fitzgerald. She went, and every day dnee they have brought the children to me for bread, and now they can both 'walk, though very weakly. I have saved many lives, poor sSI am Milk is very scarce and very dear. Eome babies cannot eat, their mothers have no milk; a little rice aid milk, or bread and milk is so good for them. I. get sixpInyworth aday frorm a Fingo, so often feed them, poor. Creatures-they seem to know when you gtve it 'kindly. I am sure they are not ungrateful, I wish I had time to write a letter to 5'hc Times; people surely would subscribe and eend money to the Bishop of Graham's Town, or any missionary. An old missionary In Tolse cotmtry told James there were whole huts full of them, sitilng doubled-up on the ground, nable to move, and so dying. Hundreds, thousands, come in every day to the magistraWs offioe to obtain relief. That miserable drawn look that famine gives goes to my heart." No words can add effect to this simple touaching narrative from the pen of a true-hearted Englishwoman. T am r4fn11s EDU)JJD FRY. Brighton, Dec. 9.
ATm maT% MInnaRn _Iq- SUICMnE.-Yeoterdayi Mr. William Payne held an inquest at St. B3artholomew's ~ Hospital on the body of George 'Goble, who 'died iii this! hopial fom ijures b had~Qsalii fro p stol hhots d.lctibyhimselafter iuattnmt o mbxd6 his'wie, on. Baturday, the 7th of Movembar. Harriet Moriri,of,o. JT22,1 'Benington-streetkCaledon1an.roR said tbedeoeawwsedaserl father, who was 77 yearsof age, anca plasterer. Sh'e livod ini the samne house with bima, but on the night of Saturday., the; 7th of 2November, her mother slept with her because she was il. She heard nothing of her father darlig the night.: lletween 7 and 8 eclock in the morning her mnother got, up i and shortly after she had gone downstairs. aso.be ared her! m6ther cry out for aessitancoe. She ran downstairs, aind on I going Into the room saw her father strikinfg her mother othhedwith a hamnmer, which caused a sever. cut. Witness pulled her mother out 'of the~ room, and x, xeturned she saw her faher sitting on! the bed with a plat inhis hand. Witness then rn away, eloslng.the door,after. her, and calling out "Muraer r' Immediately afterwArds ahe hzeard the report of a pistol, and. a lodger came, downt, and agplioeman being eent for,_ they- went into the room. and ouand that the llecease bad attempte hbis life. A doctor was sent for, and he'Ldirected his removal to thehoopital. He was quite alone when he ahqt himsef. She thaup t that he had not heezxxightiln his mind for some time, as sixnmonths ago he attempted to poisohiuinalf.; She thought hib mind was distutbhadjn consequnce oft be'm oat of work. The wife of the deoeased sald,her hnahan had been out of work for somae time, which ha rteyed npon. his mind, and he had hot'beenL right since. to attempted to p9isn hinislL 'there had beo3n 40o quarrel bet#,e4inthein. Me went behind her on tbe.morLunIn, in ;quesstijand~ 'without any provocation, struck h&eon the ckcWie hea witli a hammer, which caused her,to bleed pro!uiVly,' and her daughter dragged her out of the xooxm. 8haeiknewha h er husband had a pitl htj it thatup BnJr. Francis Wiif'ldSe hueur&on 6ft.1~Bartho. l9rcew's Hospital, saidd hie aaw th#erAgased'on. hiq aiAis MiOD. He *ab bleedlng from theout. ot Mle w ED ared. The ton3gue was laceratoeTj-*th hseveral holim -in ih p~alatp and right hq.H 4,~jpias ek~s? shlot from his toigue, and sov`r= hot hitcme&a -4nce. Ho tradialUy sank, and' died &M Ond rceth0' 'i~opd. e ha no bee nao orsat f ids~ he ad ee InthehopitL-'Bo~fti ain te h o
LYDIA- BfQfRL- ':A-publIc teeting w -a held l even!n a the LoU don;Tavern, Eishopsgatcstret,to, eonsld.r the policy of-uuntinuig the preriit' ioeipvnaibe rv.nmient o -idTi The chair wLa taken b Mr. C. OinM.P,. and therezwere present 'n. th patforns the . of Canriarde, Sir Ershine Lry, Me..ILrd P. Cui ntnu, Y,P.,-^Mr. Henry Pease, M.P., Mr. J.. B. Smilth, M.P, zr. Z. A. Wise, IE, Visob ung, Mp., Colpnel Fzench r. L. IL Dilwy, -.P.,,r. z.-Ce , 30., Mr. Hadiehld, M.P., Mr,O'B!E!i k.3?., ax&easrun John Richsmdon, 0. T. Otwayg W. RAnsny,- J, Mbiid;_ Alderman' Wire, &e The lurge roor&sw' crowde *to exces, San the proceedings tshroughonit were encKwisnh A nanlm t of feel1ng tbat s eowe e t ei s tS xbjAi.Af-d1 abndits futue ger,ernment had exeste s -se,rp iaretirithu minds of the public. --. '.The Crun Ar- said it *6toidbediffoult itxaggeratthe inportanoo of the subjet ihich they had lafx ceaUed together to dilcuss The fnter%'e*6f eui*ly 200,4O(jOQO o the humaurawe, Sll of adion were them l?,ffIlGw.l,j;ct4 were.intlmstely.boun ;. bp wtir geriremeu of ndiad5. It-,ws -he nedearcl S&3'Zno 11neU;nR t<*OL5aCOW pUsof then soverinientof LnitU; But ireneieie any' sndsvurM b en-radoto irivheb3ethSc5ten tion of 'the- Wilatue it ba*1d Always e devdl tit had at length become a byword ta an Indan. debate alwiAys emptied the benchensof thierot*e "of min&os. But thecountry hiad at lengith been '*aknedfom thir ilunber. Tidings lad reiahed ih ,.O basing beeariflited on their fedo*ouirtiyn nali of celties unspeakable hving bee pepetra -upon Englisl2inen and Englshwomen, bF' the middsi revol of the natffve airmy, and the quesetiou forc,n~pen the minds of the pec pIe of this countiow jrat:asu the cuse ol thl5s stroll? Tbicsseque tionbuharetj Meauwhilq he begge-d to sasy tha?t he wa s an-advocate for-the principle tt the Government of India should'be,ictly resnble to Parlament and the Znglish people, snd thatifiiioiilnot be icndet4 mery for the benefit Of th6 fe4 ter therefore, sdood in theway of thegoodgovrnieptof dia, evenifit were the East IndiaCmp Itsl,he' o'&; let,it be at once swept away. He believed it-wOuld hnd that the immediate cause 'of the Insurr~otloa In India ws the amiexation of ONde. -That wasthielma f the policy; wlich had been too. lon- ped b.the Goverment of India and *hloh bad ende3din htbedreadfiI outbreak thej all deplored. The areat caue of the raebelion inf India'waa the grosmisgovernment of that eo'mtrt'. In X848 the pro. sent Charnzin of the Ast India Compan` stted that out of a revenue of 300,000 a00L only 1,400KL waa exended in the msking of rods and exeZrti;g public works If England desied to retain India she must expend 'th revenue derived from It for the benefit of India. Mr. Pyrr3L.MroR (lato member for LeominAft), In moving the following resolutiQ-,- 1%itothefresentrebellion ndshe psevious eopleintuln Indiacompliants otalh skudobaondItoneof men'eoept these ite. fikdbytbemencpol7orpae-re e.peSt tdeM Of ib- so caed * double gOvemmeut' bh eidtadIbe geneal 'badan4 dki affcEctOnof Itl bjeCti a* lxan nasl Me OW1d tle lows of5 hr demVIt; and.thtmelosz,thatleexpedenthat tbe 'double govemiaent' should ces;tbatnofamesowintes of nasthould ay eloget stad between the emplseaof thepeople andthe power dice of t&e Oeo'n ;andtbettbe suemacof the Qseun and Palltantieebouldauoeeorejbetoognizein Ida,ait l In stey o6tee rat of the Bltikh domlnl-" said he had no Intention to make any attack upon the preseat inistry. It w the systemwhich he asiled-a system thatmust be shaken off. Be yielded to o: man in his abhorrence for the outrages that had been oomimitted on Englishmen aund Enlishwomen, and in sdealre that juttics ahould overtake their perpetrators, bht lhe need sot remind them that the thing most o 'teto justice was indiscri minate revenge. (Cheers) O thought It was the duty of the Governuient to lose no time In taking fiom the East India Direotors all authority in the government of India. He was most anxious that the advice of the wlet statemen -of Burke, For, Grenville-should at lat be acted-upon. There were manb reaos wh' the people of Idi should bs heeile to the British rule. Thepayo tho Sepoys haa been reduced, the right of adoption had been taken from them and they hAd carried the systm of robbery cby the modem tent poismn W called annexation to suoh n extent ag to exdtc 'uspiclon and distrust in the mnad of every person ln India. In a debate on ibe subiect of India he, when a member of that Hotse, said that the annexation of Otdoewould entil consequenoes on this country which the youngest man among them would have to regret. They had extorbt from Oade 50,000,0001. of money, and then a complaint was made that the King refused to impoe taxes uon his sabjects. . The ettem of taxatlon-adoptedby.the t India-Cipany set hlk tbe printcplesg f political economy, t defiaoe. Ho r st that no otton -Wasagrw In thatvast eouhiry? England would not have been dependent upon Amerc f th '`stale eo6mmodity-bt fof the misabe poely -the BEtt Indixa Cdmpany~.I w -as: hlfi opinion thttthierew istiot t uiTho'diaipatrloFt'wh dl -not;:d&re- tcjietrild of -thie Indian Governainont. He hopedhenaccorthindia would ba guided by wiser councils; and tbathelmo nisteove:ri; mentt which bad hitherto -exsted wod- at length- be abolished. The hon, gentleman concluded nbyrlovlng the reUsolu ton 311r. MIATT.:-r^nmJA. +.h;. ^~TnR ...T -?X'i 7.-AA tlbe time was come wvhen they clghtbte permn1ttea to op."a Of thle Government of India an1 oa the double goiVerni4-eht without incurrint -the Ireuroat of ben'tel io rant of Indian aar ~ adluhe. he monthsi ago Ve eentalwda pIie~ or, at all events o oeecs t'ibittedne of lhaisig thergnrcerpod by.' the diestora ofpub,.copi...o ,.Ches)He, howee, fairly admitted tatecciarconstructlon o the Yndian governiment that it wo bhrtosywtle what a man thought of it was right or wog'I~a trhegovernmnent in one of its aspects; it wsadul govermentinsaothier, and it was a single government in a hidapc.Where the real responsibility,resided it was Imosbeto telL. The Court of Diretors appeared to him ohevery Powerfu to hinder Mhe de.velopmnent of good, btto he almost' powerless to p~revent the pre rtonof misachief. Thoy wer scarcey respnil to anybody, and -for this'reason, 'when, 'any blame was to be - borne it was invariably shfed o their Ehoulders He wishedto getridof the. Comny, in order that he mig'ht be able to get at the Minister. Thea gansr heM iter was that he sho6ld come out of his dakness and do his work As every honest man should do, In the light of da y. This was the true interpretation to be put upon the outburst of pLblie feeling against the system of double gvrmnt. They wanted to 'know who was respnsOIble 1for the least Injust1ce, and to whom they might say, " Thou art the man from.whom we may exact an account.' The pepehdbenhowne too long. It was now time tha the'sol okit h affairs of the government o India themselves. There appeared however, to be no reasonable hope of a ahange in t'he government of India -while the CoWrt of Directors retained their power. Of this, thereffore, tLhoy must be dispossessed, and thenL the people of this country mighit set to work hopef ally to remedyall the evils of pust misgvernment, There wor diffcultles in the way, he admited bat they were nbt insurmountable. It would reflect great disgrace'on. the House of Commons If there were not sufficient power -in that body. to provide means by which a single government should not be able to answer all the purposes required. Thle Ma&rquis qf CLA1ixIbARDX rejoioeadto we the crowded state of thae hall,'for he had the strongst conviction of the ncstyof carrying the first resolution-namely, that there shudb a chang Inthe Iudian govezumeut;but no change whAtever could beeffected without the support-of -the people. No Minister, however well dipoed,wududr take the task vnlessh socoul camr vith him the support of the public. The groat-eat difficulty he felt in speaig upn the subjeot-was thathe really h#Anocausetoadvocate, forhe had never heardanyperbionasig a reasdA,why theopiesent EagI.Indtan Gdverniment should be continu~ed. It was the duty of the people of -England to abolish a system wbich stoodl In the way of a large improvement In the government of thfe mest glorious dependency that ever Proyidence committed to man. There had been a controversy in rarliament whether the President of the Board, of Control had lately written a letter which showed.that he waa ignorant of the way in which a considerable, body of troops had been oonveyedto India, It appeared, however, that.there was amistake about the letter, and thatnio auch letterhbad ever been written -but during the whole of the discussio n he never heard it denid that suchi a letter might have been written-'without, the PreaIdent of the ooerl of (~n,treL .knowing whathad beeni done upon~thexsubect; n9kwAs anyexplanation given to shOw whythe Boardin Canmon. row, .sould knolw what had, beeni done' by the Ckourt of.ire~er.lnI.edenhxll-strit,. Was -that. heo wjould ask te wy sshieth buinssof a vMt empire tould beca~Iednl ,ith egar t pthEpesent Government of Indi4t~wasnotrios tat ts inaceswere in a s8tat ~of dllapai~to ad rp . A large deficiency of the reveinue had-eenopeny anouced. Would any. Minister In thlis counry ate ometo Parliam'ent with suchx a budiget? 'But in-rgar toJndathre as no responsible Minister.- The wan ofresonsbiltywas,the, greats perva4lng evil of th'e ndia Govnm~nt. hat wasthq case in-regad -to the Persin war2 TheGovernor-Gneiria; pi;0ocl1im& war efanatPeria.Who gave him those orders?z Thibourt Directos The Marquis of CLAWR1rCA:1,.-Th6 secret ooinmdttee-I. Thee s aforthfoinof government.. 'W:had bero~th,. ruplegvment.Cheers,'&d lughter.) -But who were thesecre ~ommttee? Why, -the chlna,-h eUV. charmn,andnnthr iemerofthe Court~of Diieto&but i itwee rgh.thttls ecetcommdittee should rulj the ovenmet otheCrown, and enforce upon them a poloyagainatTherwill, it was atleas deirbl that that 5rt, bdshould be-pornasnent. He believed that Coilonel ye was at thaf i-time. the cbalrmAn, man if It *were rih ht tol pese6so suchwathran sound: asiLwythat gltlonsanehouldhaye bezsrgniov.4 At to the question of Ipmatr ag h would as Was the polie'of-his cuntr towards te o -greatest possessii?oc that eve ii as Intriisted to" any hmimais -po wer tqW beolcded"uton' a qunestion as * *o . phoud 'give away s~me (C-verm'lent ap toineniUts- WhAt hie-would recoimmeMd toi] an inois In=ianrformeis wiks to mshe a free -pveten$ of' the pAtrous. ige o thte-Court' ofiblirectorszorthilrliv6s; vie go and,truae ne'n'werechsent ar en the govenmntof India. (Cheirs.) . Mr k.x 0 WM theni mioed ithe tfol'wln g anmi idnjent: Indi, 'il,nsetbe obWae - ' 3dcnWbienDM ' , st pesIauiei o tl eh ii c suposesa e of e ath e in I* k e a & d *d e Aftersa few observations, which were very jig teutd to J hen@ti tho smendmpst £ bu 1000114ed& bjCapWnE o1fan was put and -xsedwt VEat moritygatived by Th,e oo id eolution wag then put Xad cried almost uarlimouu . .. -'XR., ithe editor bf r Fcd of Aia, tbname forward to iiove the remiinWg resolutions. He -H recelved with grt cheering, bat -he aid that ho. entirely dlsoLaimedany pretenslosa temartyrdorn.' It was tre that he badsufferd from the policyrepd bry the Indian Go., nTnmet lowardathe pren Iih t eountry. The lriend of India wasfratwarned because it sxtate tha: the wrIter hoped that-IOOeashenceth3ritih -population of la"J would be living under Christian Government. The peper asF nol eoly warned, but it was not permitt& -to. re.Appea- sXoept an the conditioit of the. dismisa Of ---the editor. (Cs of d " Shame.") The. ipeaker, then entered inbt a, very lenthened hisWical. detil e(. -t affAi of. India, more- espelaUl l in rrdai to the dierenttenures9awhich landwas hehin the.dif rent pxesldenoiee, aud stated that owing to its gro. mismanage. luent the EAst IndiaGoverunment wm at this momet lzreu tsaewybl£ tlupt.- H a nou -mving th foljowi=~ltious ~ ~ d,an-thodIn~o In l em empire Une eywnion uen oer.xohuYo an&f*and aglnatahe blrtwmwot eai It IS e"ielr. 21tted Jon i}su4dg e fdtus an BIndten -honoe, fa tot. oqm* 'cfldatlng Ba6in jnyaJu pu_t ol1 tho worl ern untO l it geisebrDIsof-der,1, nto Idoj thoS e iae ;sOq*-h >. SDs sxo~woneth op-ol - That Pk" c t 4reYeWiewbith 4eeentaolnsfr .on Fadk e inanir s -f 3rd at h'ronr so nder-tho e uiln nda;e sn&1 Ii"o of zeso owi ffire b the nOreneso3t the bnQurhol, meetD epnde tYs1 laete; and &ta%. In the app:intmenkinlnm, anni,, that 5~,eeis. ofin eddsc ou me POM& dpiseotheh eOn$thUo woru ~ ~~~~~o th - iat toe tbe oae of Corae onohate tdeta om ne zi idreolulration nimouteen is abrda rnet,ss er iepo o tnss a itde ethOSeo be meuetoeih ab,nndoU edfthe rtntionxotLtbsoe kovernn wil hlimtd uptoateir band& iIoic.ad os cek A pn.lmost the wholemeel,adthe reoapion;id tha li bery th Mr. ~po~y4movd a an ddedwmthM.E. fonlloin Mr. Amxnuw aoondedfo tdedmotion. rider- e who areIn avotbof *asrsouI nsiks tho
IRNLAEID. I- (nO1X OUR COWN OOOND.Ij I5uzJje,' IVIDIMAX MOpjN9. LAW A.POirTMS,. Even those best versed in the oddities of Cr(own patronage were somewhat taken aback by the announoement yesterday afternoon of an appointment which rwas regardea as quite oiuof the range of I public speculation. The chairiannhip of Kilkenny, wrhich had become vacant: by the death of "Mr. Nieholas Purcell O'Gorman-for which a legion of candidates had - been: named-has been accepted by Mr. Corballis, Q.0., law adviwer of the Castle and CrownProsecutor, whowascalledtothebarso farback li:1820, and whose poitionaltogetheramight reasonably have entitled him to look for some higher step in tHe sale of legal promotion than an offlce the oily requisite qualification of which in a standing of seven years in the profession. -In a pecuniary point of ie tihfecafrmansbip can have but fewchharmsfor Mr. CorbaliX, Who, fortatelyfor himself, happens t6 be possesied of a noble fortunee -nded he Ls reputed to be one of the wealthiest men at present practidng t the.Ii bar. According to a recent Act of Parllament these county bazristerships are divided into three classesthe rate of payment for the first being 1,2001. per anhum; for the second 8001. ditto; and for the third 6001. ditto. A first appointmnent is generally made in the thirl cla,s but in this instanoe there has been a deviation4froni Athe ile, asud Mr. Corballis jumprs at once ito the Pfirstplace. T:HE Li DVISWP.. Consequent upon Mr. Corbia's acceptance of the c4hkaaip. a. vaccy.has- occurped in the responaZible offlce of laF adviser to thejrish (Lovernment, a post which' ha8 been canferriid upon MTr. JabiesA.Iwson, Q;.,.£of-the hancerybar,s ard who contested the representsation of the UEniversity~ at then last general elect{on. The annointroent is snenl,y poptu~ar anlo has given universal satifac- Lawson, as a politician, may be classed in the. ranks of advanced Consen'atives. The Ffeernan?s Joux7ia thus refers to the appointment: " The vacncy in the law advisrSiip to the Government tas been filled by the appointment of- Mr. lAwson, Q.C., whose nanly struggle to open the Univerity has pined for him his fint promotion. Mr. Lawson's political views ,arenot, perhps. so conoprehendlvo as we shonld wish, but the areb=oa.nd liberal. The importuast duties which wll devolve on hlm as law adviser will be well dis. chuged by Mr. ILwson, forlhe is a man of sound judgment cler sen, and occupies a first-rate position at the ENNCUIBERD ;TAIES COURT. The sale of the vast residue of the Thomond estates commenced yesterday in the Rotunda, and will be continued to-day and Thursday; 92 lots were *offered yesterday, si of which only were withdrawn. The amount realized by the sae of the others was about 50,0001. TH FUNDS. Tbrqe per Cent. Consokj, 20j Q i; ditto o nt -ditto for 8'90M New ~re ditto, for accunt, 3anuary e, r Cent. Stock, 90$ ai o ccount, anuayq 8, 9O; Bank Stock, 235; NationalBaskofrla(25. paid),p 3 Roya B&nk oa ~Irelnd (01. aid) 22;Wickow Cpper(51.paid), -33k.
ARCHBISHOP CULLBN and th,e PATRIOM-0C FUND. Captain Fiehbourne presents his compliments to the editor of The Timee, and begs to enclose, with a .equest that it may be inserted, a copy of the answer given, by direction of the Royal Comminsioners of the Patriotic Fund, to " observations" on the administration of the fund, addressed to them bey Archbishop Cullen, which " observations " were embodied in a lotter addressed by him to Lord St. *Leonard's, iand subsequently published. j Dac.9a R"ioyal Comnissdon of the Patriotic Fund, 19, New.street, Spring-gardens Dec. 5. "Most Rev. Sir,-I am directed to inform you that your ob6ervations' of the 25tk ult., addressed to the Royal Co-misloners of the PAtriotio Fund, have been carefully :-onsldered by them at their meeting, which took place this day, but for obvious reasons the Royal Commissioners cannot enter into any oontroversy witi zepect to duties imposed upon them by Her Majesty. " I am desired, howaver, to assure you that in the execu.tion of ihoee duties, they have, from the first, considered themielves bound to observe the strictest impartalty in the administation of relief to persons of different religions persuions and to avoid even the alightest appearanee of tproselimn and that havlng minutely investigated the several cases brought forward by you, the Royal Commnissioners are fully xatisfied that this principle of sict in. partality has in no instanco been departed froma in any meesureAdopted either by the Royal Coriaisiionersor -by *heir execativa committee or 'gent,, and they tnrst that when yotL have seen the report now in preparation for pre Eentation to Her Hojebty, you will youra1f be convinced 4that' theearge which you have brought forward -re founded upon imperfect or erroneow information. - "r h-lave the- nonour to be, most rev. Sr xrms obedient (URDovt, Si your most "11BOI RnIB1, HEn. Becretkty. " To the Mot Rev. A±cbbls'hop CulHen."
SAD .9 ,uivWere~reI toiaye' tornention that while the Candl wa in the harbour of Port Louis, oon the' 12th ot Octoer,' an soddent,--attended;withsn moat wnfortunate resltocccurred.. We 3earn that so gers.the Canda i. Shilito and Shillito, and Es.Elil, an,oungulady who was coming out to jo her brothei inTlat, went on shore to tqd t,owi and the cemetery, After remaining n short ,.tlme,i they took boat in order to rejoin their ve?sse, about 7 o'clock in 'the evenng. It was ,hen quite dark, and they had not proceeded far before their bot nwas ran into by the Govenmnt tug steamert wich, we undertand, entered the harbour without ligiits. The boat was capdized, an before asstanee could be rendered to the passengers, they remained for,oe tixo e in the water, and two or tree of them rwcived severe bruises from the ateaner and the boat. When at last, they wre reseuned fom their ;perous aituition, poor Miss Halezon: was tken u ensele, - antl notwithstanding au- that medical a and attention. could. do for her, died at 10 o'clock the same evenin. -After her death, it was fouud lho bad .been neverely bruised izt her side. :Ihii bnfortiunate 4vent was mot distressing to the whole body of the_psengers-by, whot Miss Malleaon xwa hel n LigL estem d t._ She WAs OnlIn her 22d ear.HerfnneU.;ok =-pac the next day, and ii A tetMoiyf pot an 410rTowrtohe,yougldwhba thua sEddenly.come tO.An utiruely end, no less than' S mpilitary ofqery atlienaed iir full siniform, s well ithe bhole t.<heengers of.theCandti. All h ship& in the ds ,ha4the .coloursholstedhalf thigh AninquI was iniediately -ma-de into the cause of this aceident, and we leatn that the commander of the tug steamer has; by order of the Governor, been suspeaded for six mAPs.- Xqgaf gpupurn lov.,~
CITY OF GLA8GOW PANX iBfTI2MGg ajournedmeed!ngof tbebtblder ef te Cfiy of Gisgowr Bnkwenl T-dea a tsetoota I te Me. chata'haLL. M. A. Oxr occupied the chair. -: Mr. Lowe, searvW7, ed the folowing brept 1 es eomintee appointed a--it e i4 ig of *aahohiey. tef Olty of Gluow akzk, hd At Glasg : on thei t of -)De cember, i867:- B ' Itwas ap t hd'ee " **a 4e4ose and adkin tommittse C q. Sode am ae othaer epienucceaeebdwW l e bertY tet invee tp, the b3ohaand affa of the beak:. a tSorstfocthw ':ij tt of the &To 9eetiemen wueetdWM tbhe bank thee shoudX be !s MeS V and At = aV 40owtats. . -Ip hes dCtl senlt, the -tqlob eteeuioethodit aentoiatey tgo co-litee to s o ee o to AA ft "tUeVl, Mre-, L PWUe OVA-.uAlk.3fmailk; di ;faj holdes the Iron. Andrew Ceibeawh. oldProvt df .igsw X JebnHOuldxMth and Mrz.WMl&mWet W on . e'sasi . ) adel> vouxiZllt,llt Ql i 009},ert Seentfant In 3dloubrgh. "T seeuittetsw. woalntdtlikltsight iosateattheutse that, theoyba, ha onily avery 0Sbzt. time (the vid1wetng 1imted toga ax J th t e vqwj rn,d %bl _e. t4 cor0. nLeS m 4n.Utksbae t athonzpha lure at oo 'ihe om f*boo%z&; .iotoold Possb be expe d %tod Iis,the4licanistane; .4 the 'el A6te rM I&Atc troeght "Th hommitb e have. with the aastauceod the hak' offo,s arneacsciyover the emh eedi%aect''. an dejoe0t cc entrt aeco.and theptdus ad denrnt biUs nWUg &tethie o0fice thOlaseow. and with regad to sinxilar &aeountekepat %te betan thooo the e-unte tbtavexained1b*outy reportsf oioyeber, addedlbfth bank'shiatC 0o eel betegrWe koe eanig speelfr binlor mee U toth poatt of te pese doAngbalneus with tLe bnek , "lscrn those vious accounts tW h commitehet'e mbade it daduccua i the drusaenei ai onsiderelst and ruu abelatthey aera s h*ee*uda glilo effect t uh 4S tntoilcs,uhtheybg leave toreer the abreholdere "fWthrefretotawded4cgIouth" made' th eoinmlce t state thttumyse ainilrt i}ieiuns bythemwee,iereted tobemnuch more oiduae Wa the eoAtnce oC the ja. vidual cMU rei; ouft the comMlte iDesldA they 'exiee a adacetini lnao,g.sih dld,w ln thU e same tme tAhtey are Of cxiioput athe ba% in temuns ,a1ato1 wiM ATuimtay ufer I to the extnt ot tfie deluctions w male. !he enosMit -AyadthaJ In all eise ot dobt U to the an flencofiaztlee., suh Wfoemation was eaned ra tme and etrcsatenees llowed. nhe ear deduedea n8er ibis hemo tedb £o0,815 L:Id., -eof wbih abo 42.00f earadtobe t d to S whh b s. pntded payte. -'Q ee onlotes hAve ftiths to'eptet that In deaMz with a Fam et 4356,0i 9s.5d. sanding -ln, the baec; bookt underthe bud a ' oS Oailkay a otan er s4iftock deWbptu ItDlIghtone sCesa tob value thee secttls but here edhUced the Snomt b0 a Dr1"poA4d to a r*tmof ci2 per eeet..w wklhthe commit consider to e aboTve tbevTosage ae of intest on beac depot. The deutlion ths debffete amo=t to ;EIU,390 Se. Si. The bulk of theme s itis, it apDckus t the eommtee. sbOaelhava ceentneomnoeoeaea3e#'ng%., sod the defidq l#eghout sted oeran vseldic1cans, Itn plac of tecUing thus severel on the r 'tillpfedtstlte. : -- V- "horn the b0l eSad*boveyefened tcItwi bies1entihhtb resultOcm toshows abalance of sovereliabilItIesamontmmSngto 65u,tn 16. 9L ; but it masy e t that tae"estolus from which this sut ba bee otaned, to not. embrace a num of £1864012s. 4d. contained to a TI M and low aounnt at the credit Of tbe aae rfor tsnAe;, cinonthu is the iak " lhe committee have riot ben able to overtake 4e 4etald sxasni QC tboStan dt lon couont, but, 7 n the eneraaIccura with which the kooks ald sther-As exhibited to them have besokept, the mitteebhve no btftthe 6gree are elo y W regard, more Pb.ticulaelj' t tbh ahRehoa' acont, tbe committee fndthat liatandi e sfoUlws:- TotnumbuofshtesIssted.. . 97,100 Deduact share, which have falen Into the had of the hbk. 2sr,3 Eemlnabiareslnthehmnds.of the pubo* 74.51t The-vaue of these haestasec at pr amounts to .. £745,DO0 O C To-eetst1hih thweeithe balance of WSew .. .. .. .. ..£5. i.821 9 Add baLnce on rofit and low o. cout .. . , 4. Deeialeay. . .. .. £.U3 10 U In ero rn, tae cemttee hav b state &ht durtng te whoie co0-e Of t Invsntlon bus maSde into the bank' affais evey facdUtyhgbee3 tsrdedthemby theooiiomot ebetblibhment In soductng It -a inging Itto A oDUlolo n. '" The following statement ofasst and bIites wa submitted to the meetbng:- L lahtohand .. .. .. . . £16,4 19 6 4oVernmstt0okand32xchqZ}aner.m s.. . .99617 1 S awpe . .. .. ... ,60% 18- 3 H. Hen\mb!e xgoery wa t nie at hed office and. 68.43412 0 L. Rneerdueyotherban1; .. 162.321 5 10 .6.B ta theheetifaice aolt b.n 2.9X7,4 13 3 -7. Overdue bills at bead offie and- . b oIIA - .. ` .: :' ..i '.; a,31 - . 4214.4416 1- Dedueio tfm oedue bills ind , bllscuet, the draeeof which 8. hsves de dymcnts .. 46,714 9 S 6 . llB forro oeceoeat brAnches. 4,108 17 9 9. Balaces ort ovdrawn acconts t ead o4les Or branaheeg.. . 6 10. Balancesoncreditsoeot at bead odUes and branches *- ..A6&94C6 Le deduction therroem .. .. 44,1001S 3 IL General secuities .. .. £35.704 9 5 s4dednctitheredrom.. .. 11,920 S 9 24,714 5 8 *6,10,141 3 5 L B k-notbs t c hans of the pubUc, andoth# bank s..£2,8M0 0 0 S DeDoIt- at betd offlices and branches . 3,3Z5,183 1 4 3.B ilUI ceptedon acoount othome cusomers 34.126 4 4 S Blla acepted on acunt of loigan cutomers 04,07t 1t 4 S.ueasdue tovTnrloan .. .. . . 659 i Z 6. lIlslodged. 4S,505 I Balance . 651,8921C 9 £5,107,112 3 o The OnunrAa then rose, and, after some preliminr obrervahtins,s&idd,-The principal feature that I wouldwish to call your attention tois that the report states that We are 70,000. short of our capitaL Now, this does not reconcile With the statement formerl made to you, that our capital was entire nd or rest entre- but, as was then explained, -nd as you, being almost ai of ou here in the room mer. antile men, will eily nnd -In looking at the present value of collaterl seourities of the kind heldbybat amoment of depreciation sacbasaatpreseut the estimatethus arrived at cannot fairly be held is their natural vlue. StUi, wedo not oomplalnthatthe gentlemon wrhohave iookedinto this have done it in such a way that it wil beertbe trictest scrutny, and therefore I willonly offerexplanationsonthese head-. From this report it is made to appe that we are 170,000& short of what the drectors formerly stated. This amount is made u -of 'the depreciation on 358,000L on rail. way and other suce securities, held by the bank as securities for debts due by parties. Upon that acount the'gentlemen of the committee strike off F113,0007 to reduce them to their present value, and upon another class of ecurities of the same kdnd they gtrike off44,0004, which in all makes aboVit 150,0007. If theeewere brought indantly tosale the reduction in value would be as represented, but we llknow that in the hinds of the bank they produced 38 per eent., and that they cn thus be held with profit. Oar belief is that almost the entire amount of this may be saed bY the bank contlnuingto hold that property. This eplains the positionwe stand in on that hee Another matter I -Would Wish to touch very liIhtly upon, now that this bank appears to be solvent, though blown over by a terrific huricane, in the shape of iant of commeradl confidenoe over the entire eSommunity, which redueod it almost to the position of insolvency, and the good will of whose business would varnish at the same moment with that goodwill which is acted upon by one bank to another, and the benefit of whose depodiors and circulation would be all los were a winding up toke place, and that is. that in the event of its resumlng buiness there wil be a difference of from 21. to 3. on the value of the IOL shar (Applause.) I beg to move that the reporS which ha just beenred e received. Sir W. DusBAn seconded the proposition. Mr. Du7OP moved,- " Thatihe the ko this mtnghbeglve to thoeoommitt o shbae holdes who *wee apolted by the meeXtig to cooprte wIth the diects, and t the same gtlineub requeeed to continue their co-perAo With the dhvectos for mme Ulie to oome.' An amendment Was suggested 'for the appointment of a oomnttbeeo co-operate with thtb directorstilllthe next an nual meeting in July, but ultimately the resolution, as originally moved by Wr.Dulop was carr by acclamation. The. CaRncAur then moved,- 'Thmt this meeding, rerogoIria the Importneethfel,nria inquIry Into the affiso tlhebek. asaalddIn the veport which bs, bteethe subject of oamsdUtlo, beg to tnde, their beat acknow. ledgmentto the comittee cdi siio7an, collectively and indiTde. sUr thetvamblaab sersie. m danfzeethedm ilseetetoemmonleee the iemebt the commitee. The snoUloi was adopted by clamation. Mr. Answr moved,- "That fseen t ort of the ao tt this meetingM sitislied thattheaffahsof theeankave suchastowwant anamimedl" sumpiton et bunmess; and th for ths perpoe te direts and the cmttee ot saebholda be hrctel to ta*k the rzecess Mr. Cl2pBE neconded the motion. 'He sald,-Tle "neessry sep' referred to, I should say, are that the hareholders should assi as much as they can the gu ntee fund, We hxve obtained xbscIptions to the amount of 150,0007. to the untee fund already-and if we can t atblng like ha a million tt-will be enough, Itis a mere guaratee fund, and does not inorea the risk of tbe areholdes. Fornmy own par, I do not care much whether Ipt down 50,00., or 10,000M., or 5007., for we are liable for every deficiency ; it is a mere form, whic the Bank of Iland wll requie, if wea to obtain a loan from thor. I Ik the hareholders should come forward liberally, for if we can butmeke a beginning, It it peectly evident Xt we have the synpathies of te oommunity with uS and hall obtn er sport. Sir W. DuxBAt.- would remind you, getleme, ilitht weiave stll a ry arge apitaleft. even oSpposing that the loses written down asgantt compny ae exp leneed. Obser that we ill s d Wt capital of 6lo,000.aoapitl considerabls beyond the trading capital of many other lakng initutiong which cry on .a ery la.rgebula,belh in Lwfondoa In Sotlad . (Chees) Tha lSa Important fact 46 bab ln din. d Ia nd J tha 150,07, and to the deposit fundf 7 7.;soL atyouh ierre, we areitill iar belo* the markl. Yon wilte, theIn. forc, thei absoluto necessity for egy5 ahrlide4 eomisg forward i wr his atie4 4si rm1 isji g 'Ua fmble. (Cheers) I Tho CaLaIRMA.-In am"tI~ Wht Iw. kunl, dl4lAuily aiding thebank, Ima eq wi.,.t .wrygftlmaaikt.,thatt fkniaftim a gMU&7"*Pmt in U* baafroi . 1qp50' bek, t5-4 Shition both tE glafora= trs, am;:s~m ana theun pemnhl uriis via a whet the twkUao *Zk.xA*4.,s h#Iu4kn.,,g The pet*nal aecuHib in. owi-wol ae tAM Tfisrli ftx~ wth~ sIp1fwy 'lia"', pura el--Ae nWiotzaa
-----A----- IIrJGza LO- OARRThGE~flwt ?& . Menli CC 1110 unA1 -Ook todyAtm x School to consider the. pose tale for Mr. HuLae' Poundatlou nalsofoit W*okieds veUhing.cj .1, 'With n tto Mr. Hukt 6OffOGChItAMkbAdv*% andtotmei a"* Hulseec Prossr of DI=094',h$ office betngtubxoll AlnsdAI4terM, whose - a be a iInLLA13I(,mN 0dB ha'su jec&edt tI appointmentof sfouth Pfsimoref vinity; andte sp, predo of-the oe of briiaos Adocate worulest. the ardour of the stdent In divniy, by the fact of-the periodical "bton. Profesor t ropd e was a oungt sof MrtJa'gl be ish, who wasanidous to 1nfiv an Adv forAne falimited p?er!od iind 6t fo~ life-7gav thottyhan a dffrenAraO"s beeloedaupatin to this °Iportsntttt- p Je No dion wes bet o St.s Auuat, fo #eXerthey Anrspc, le was aong roan vigcure( asgee Mfr. PRAi4KS, ofTi0 y ttiktrePcas~ of Disinty too lahfrte Ui nt,an beirb Professor owxpedta oepseorwde sirmble but It must ho a dAIb6 rot to,o de foundat anerlyey aeth. egysondjf* =nt, was of more Importanetha NMlhayoftJn7 wrantobhave an efficient 8&boI Of telg em~ki to men of iatueale wit~hthatpropsed, nd sowedthatin a few roan', bll T.e o e coul oth fulfilled by- raM oflife. It would becrael'to paisoanoi( manInsuc apoitin o ontndwith moair lnfidelj ob~~~tionzcitheday.=eh ydb wiould ary Out the Intetic *of .H1 better tbaith4 preont arrangement. he w and thus aford a suoc...ionof yoUe s ' softh w e letrsfo. .. ...o the isturegngvbEeo crude state. . - - pososthat the annual peonios of lOOL4-&.ysr for ;lrq. loam hitherto paid to two Bachelors of Ares to- tavel im No diseus,s rAndbo t ndmadetc onuitne. theUndferomthepoey f hc h nvplymym raThe foVimhnoestogathos givoein eutnies reshetn the - m reb~o, larin, lws poites cuiov,annen,r&c. ltim a Ut i heahda" h nthamth*made. each Vfot to e detgrmed ofDeao OHGwlio iacmlo wasraied n thiswx sujc,fr lenu thdew University.t ~1019 an eamiatin ofcanidaes fr te Ptt 's Holaship te! OOmneDavidgo Conway, Feb.. ...1858,, a Clon~ T dfatesb ac renury dt InI'tenneto fofnn whyhan tobodeliBarka ... or..rt.ito lnur~8 Andrrab, JhDed hr SteveimN He~nierit VIIg Brodwnn,JThmsEWina Burtoan ... GfBcIa~
TO THE BDITOR OF THE TIrEa Sir,-i heartily sympathize with "abitansul slo8co" iL his msa4ti ton that the nave of Westminxter Abbey is to be used for divine srvie on Sunday evenings. Will yot permit me, through your columns, to call the attention of the authorities to the peat importknce of providing xui. dent light and warmth, requidtes warcely less essential t the mueoo of the experliment than eloquent preacher, -whoea make themselves heaud I do0btwhetherMr.Spurgeoll himself would "1 draw," were hs audieno compelled to sitin the gloom and cold which commonly pervade out cathedrals. And if the chief object of these services Is tpinduce the working clas to attend, We must try to nabethenm to do so in comfort, and tempt them with cheerfuj wArmth and light. It is wel known that the brilliant ga cf the glu-j,ece, suggesting comforha not to be fonod in tho dreary atthc, which Is so often his only home, frequentl3r offers to the working man even a more powrerfuil temptAtioro than the intoxicatieg liqors.z I no-i _ S.LL . 110 v.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Is there to redres to`be ud, abort of brealing thpeace and the offender' head, at the riak of getting the worst of it one&.-elf at the time, and being lible to prosecn tionafterwards, agaiu thoee mendadoai tinemantnewswe.- dort who infest quiet neighbourhoods at nIght? Yesterday evening, about 8 o'clocl, at least four of theme men begaik dmnultneonsly bollowing out " Seond edition of the Giob4, Melancholy news from Iidia I Deteat of General Hlveock at Lucknow I Beeeipt of telegrapbic despatch by the Governinent I Second ediflton " k. Of Gourse there was n-o truth in the report, and I did not buy , paper, but theln jurions effect of such an annonncement on ldies p.rtlu.- arly interee In Indian events, who aftht biIn a ye* delicate state of health, might be fataL If tbero is any remedy I, for one, and the pubLie iii general, I am sure, will be most grateful to any one whowould voint it out. Your dnedaint im- & RESIDENT IN ST. JA3MS'SPL&Cf Dec 9.
RALr SEw=n.-Aniongthemeasuras announos& by the Royal Seech there Is one the ImJporUnce of which is not likely toe at onoe perodived by all our ieaders - is intended to facilitate the trandefr of real property-thai 1s housm and and. Wat is that tos? ak some of ow agrIcultral readers-tenmnts who justly expect to reinaim under the same landlord for the remainder of their limat; landlords who, however they mar be involved, do rLot i tend to purt with their inheritanoe. Bat it ooee. both thoze cuases, and others bdes An endent o0 the law which removes the obstructions on the trandte of landed property Wll have the effect of natanty incremring the Alas of all such property Let anT maa look at any article that he poess adr hlm,el£wether the vane of tht rtle would not q dimin if it e-are Iunsaeable, or almost nsaleable, as wme kinde of- lWadea property ero in several of our oochtloe Sup=o:e f1 example. lhe desired to ledge 3t.az sieurity-for i osn )W-. mach smaller tit value to the person wIto reeie ft tzz pUnr the opplncation of opitfl to agricitue we -ha had occasion to notice thai one of thie mas aedouimpdi ments to the borrowIn oCqsplbl for the pros s b- extreme ddcl of dLp kof hand; he-eethgoobstrction of Itg asaavailbl*seo^nityfor mn~ advanced. Even those, therefore, whe Inten to e their inheritace. as they shouildof thineftt of thodescendants, ave am interet ia'thix l toftte th transer of rea property. The sb0iet is too whl& appars to pones les immediate Interest duing the. rinsi; snd vre may amit it ocoe the -reuure of commercial embarrassment which has falen upom the country nat udy enoh sus au r t id. o obi ig advance of ptal for agricultural Ne ees, It ic not the wors time for Doej ameudments of the lw, which ill be avilable in bette perlods and thbe prent tridr affords one gad oppori tnity sor observing the oomparativ, advantages attand lug Upon 'Venturing capital in commereil specion ce in the enrichrment of Se land. It -i true as in trade immense profit are obtilned,-and ao immense beak rupte, 'whic spread nuin all around. At ibis momank the money-lender can obtain 9 r 10 per eent. fic bhiamceblen, and perhapslose It. In prult of 'culMonesplua, hIs been ecried Away to the oninents of Enrope nd oE Anicric, leaving the omutry in aeve _eeloorer. I't land wereo a asable acudtrit ior thbe advace capltal, the lender woald YAc be left, ut he lie now, with a httUe aper in his Iads, t broad he pital h not tn sch excetion-al P Ata, - but the profite would be aowing everYye. I1 theruoneytere sukiimthe lad, the iodutiowal& h the greater and the whk coubitwodldr ibeo 2rdei. ilk Ih not uninteresting to observe that t r wlo n d lmporniaed1mndment of the lawr to facitat liafr4t real property as bearin upon difrCItlte ihs I*d Pest man, ia moderate and independern lsii ubb ) e ' elatng the value of capita and the Ineet of sldtuderq -;1210?tZi7C4,
SALES BY AUoTIONO. To Ilxn and Wo-e1D Dis, aothies, aothers, ROWN nnd SGN ( pers' auctioneern wijB SELL BoIiOs.-Nlaham.road, VuH WteLEASEhXOLD VILLA., Wo. Ui. Vio4oria.grove, NswPeormneon, advertise to be sold by auoctton at Garaways this W =,~ baabtea Dl&GeDN OF by Priate Oosetract.-Oreat me -atielt Dee,& lICh7. Poponement d sle,-oder *B:lorfele.-At theGoment Works of Held and Co., Bait enih OIOE I1s hereby Ven. that the SALE advertised to'In amists Ta519rrow, th t, At12, Us herby OSPONECD until tethe, ntie ESMUEL JOEeHSON. Auctloneer, 143, Aiderasgte*erW. To Engineers,- Kllmak ad othefs. BRAY, Jun.,2Wili.s goW by AUCTION; on , the Pro les. 263, Hi olbo r oua D It, at 1i foe 1bpwS3TE&X-E2 USE tbree four mills, ovens, boiler, f1e enh owse bins. and effects. On view, and catalogues seedy. To be had at the akneotleea' office, lCe, King's-road, Bedfora-sow. Plinlco-OuViewThI Ds.-Wei.mde oushold Jhurnitur Cot. taev Piangork,afew WatsyerO,lr Deraings. ana Effc. MB.GEO. GOULDSMITH will SELL by AUG. e AY.LiON. on the Premises, So.1 UPPer !elarPa-.olciDaeLmlIo To*morrow irrida,), Dec. U. at I psciely, the lOSEBOD FUVNITURKendpoIT. u pwvlonely advertlsed. Catilogues on the jisgZS add at the wactleneee's o , P1ct 1s1 o'oe tcae and 54.o Beeae-od Pimic, 8.W UWFt-attet, Ie rare. SValge-To as. Me-chants, -Paer Xanulactureer,, and HcV 1lJR = ir9WDY.is instructed to SELL by AUG M 2ION,an ThPzen No. 7High-steet, Shoreditch, oa Wed. nelay, Dec. 16. theiALVAGE from the late Mr. Nlthohoh'z, ompstngabout 100 tonseof rase of various descriptIon,, quanltyho OMd metal, two Iron sN t boimehidr scales, iro weights, and other effects, Cataogue of theastooneer, iO g without, ome dob from Boltel-equaro J .DEA's RRN -GEMENT of Ii tteAuction Mart. THIS DAY, at 12 o'olock, ae Dec,lO.~~~e~ 1_0t1) oBoes hu857.f A. ataisHomtoIandhreeh, reldore, adcning effe'a-$-sae,Boneal-tredtPlals bye dirono the Asnee ofAHNry ATItton f bHkrupt.Xot.lp. GOfme~ L 1IonGteo by drldle2o , atD Wutatrosw, Wist HoavomS t Te utDo, 2 vomL Bees in 72ute hwo hils, A. L I wMl SELL,at b s A ON, at atoocokmRS rn intng nlhamliDta aleetistreen onsSd Yo, ot0 Bordeah plae-la fot RteIvdozeToN ofsud nHOEE', liaD. TeeIne ren fan.; 260House ladnteGreek bylirsd1e. mlrol Soo. the e fthe Bent Ie Spaic covpe 9t t abe' diteo b Ngoucane Vindexle raw j tlngvrwnkr?l poks65 andSE the co plr= 49*a Oatolns.3omlte,. 26 ostelon's Commentes, 3vts.oro.2 H sTiverton, 2vols.Sroq~~ 72 W'hewelsDnrls oe v. ,ud s royal S,ec. fe MalrT AbYoad at0.2, ioeanexdd The lxubeFEsn FHttngDfaudT eer end1 HeigOUSES Ineamoved from Limehn nd tromle raorevset.n th Oford attee t obn.strt. .LV.E issR B Gallery 33.Leiceater-sq uare. THIL nDAY, Horsdiay Dec.t0, Ironmonggy, gasfitting, and mlce,lanCo , p atpety. Thexture, counes,andsheling 12-t. etaltopecun Hr uwit pate pullsob: Bete, ITIgES,opere cutting dli6i, raro boiler, cooking etove, ovren, trange.gas totlng,eant uOwter pt,,andthecomleltse uteni leoftetrSa 'de Oi1lemongstl.goaae. and etaloenre, bd at t the rooms ir ty P. pianoe by OOrmdod kre. lu Bkrut Tis ay BEaL bytherart, the e. as atjii TEa, DAY. Dooember 10at at nA4g6e oithBeiocl MwRh emOe. BEh S HOUSEmnd theUpIURlnctah will Toaln abdeFRgedArab rLEnadobrbe.datesdEasindSI dings Lim ane Breomlosree obDthleg eroner, Esae;d iothntr ee tablte Hoaend ne,uad Turndserstmeetwoon the Londo Bo~taer dstate; aom afture, N brimey Ground Two nCottegresianc es, o. atS. r dong's tabloutha, bokcases, o, 2uel cmeOts, 6fe^=ncerg*Di, crtln &S rotnud eoeod;ad the Reveriog of Whree; Freehold esuser at o ltoe pton othewnholeof t auctt;nre, oa.. £46 guivngvtes fgorMldleneroan Crollarhof coaelaed Wn orme ailnserentelin tI p Gla8Re. FSquaePanfrte bdirectdwtood TIO BN L Wa SELL byd AUCION on theA 1pre aEbuto T dAY, Dcember tet tlo'cSooh, waho Srse, th HroU'SEHLippITR, in cosgma- hcgny axtnd lapannedgArabia, ande otai bdsteaods, hbersand bedng wingeda othperaalothem heesanoofdaes,leadt tabileCIandtamre a a rheoo glt, an ohr drawng aeaonurnto be u.,hoimney, he andm inegane h ogny dinino Fort newlybookcases, Brussels careo t of, fd-ctain iti i, 10reuotes of Bandk nme rue effects.nd s ambe onn .~~~~~~~ a Wenbesda an morningof sale; and cthenlogeshaorcd- onthe premJse aondi oton.eamles, atee,ao a7 ount-srert, Gro sqnasej CellY, luar ofchI a e, Wie, of oheafeilsngesed-ainte ESSRS. FO ISTRS and dMirec aro reSEL b itfa TIN tthe at tey, 54, PaLL-myAll IO, on Tueay eI'ember1, a LadowSherrya, of Doncs shipping, Pale Ir an d Sherdie,oDa LfittedClaye fromT N. of hoeon and SonN,ofBrda, vInTageS.184k ChArt.eauxareaxf sa meTrinketsand emintentheprouse.vtay oe 1ad Old Po7 ear Dmly 5 aozent, HouHeio,1851, auerusinoftheresameg hWine,ai p it 18 a btl ofSaure. 17 el84, anehesm anderum, 2a5rear l olad, as30d, 'osenso Most and Chand a fe dltrySies y Cha mpage, aindal Diestheselloers. m bihs, ea- d Asptio th sale wiecdn als da t a no MIESSTRS. cHbrISIentMNO esetul tratLied nooticseertatlhywl ELb UTO,o h rmss 12 oureel..iogy aItber o wtheOan RCiyON f PCIIE.o ofartiss amonsBtd Trinets ar Ondorlueterpet fMnCl year Dawkins P Veeased Doptn nCo rou intesting hsoia Ostade a ubes,b Lely,wKnels, MA. d armBaichoaelb e,LorRc HonethoL., adeWaiird,b old. morautr,diel VWsdgwpod ae,l I bs Dreyk sden.band oRinal porelan,eks sculptiew Monday. re, inldaingarai tofae Osupogeriens mf gree mar.o hI, friom a'the Dk Of BraCb'f colectEion,brlant Sander AUtotherS,na instate andtviks, adurserood, and mah-srotgany furnoe paofre,b lbrar o moenHoe anda geabvart. f sfl n rnmna objandets. Maynbt,lweFitresd7arnd Sturd,aynrcdn,adnllge Lowe.-AbsolutesiembalBoom, ditecTtion oDayst Saleofgaeer-c MESSRS. EBOWEL and SABERS beG oAnotify thatLthey wUCIllSEL on TON ahe tieere o Mbondy eBoom, on 3wtuedy Wedtn rus,day, and Thoraday,cDdlembr.8 15oan oils ooom. mOors ingea a at 12w prcslyu, a valure,abl uenCLEI6 of CdU- tw reIOSiIEg caee rontainn two rappin moinds, OrivsDentlchn, rouedtraedbooks,, brsever l folio an 2mother blackmette blkible,, scarcttissg amour,hoa. tsogaelbor it aontemprta ntealr of danerst ansd mwernhs- wslgbde Bubenie,abyfil r3. Efins yHA. Carmng chaztelb thSaluable Bosw ogfrthe B.ten f. Wardm , wihBA to, hooladfo On vpiewrMondy thedayz poic to. saale.ogeuges mayth bremihad on W appilcao atq. othe oices ofMes,es, oemgalan-totbidiSng;ofr, uTiToneer, Feqtateagentsr, an sriveyo rms, 95, High -stret,heltenam. ttese tInomenrupetm- kcy.1erBarnab.H-street, na ako WOlnglch-and. Wcand1 Plnut D Fixturs untr,adSok ihBnfca brlearlt-Abed olt6galob diroflso h Asges EASSRS.BOE and.E KING il SEO, Lt yUTeIOiN,e o fthemPre, e,o ody e,1,a aboutenenc,ofache,;locmpr, 20 msd rawinee.rcapIalwenctt ingro machiane,woalnut.of cir.ountes,bnars coucdraers, cscales,weaights, we1gbsug mctrthine,, heylfill rching find ytesrs sprging carv,gg er-an gces fandamew. Iota 01 housaehpaoldfurtIn troe;wand a ewec precsdelyan da pinor ndmm bornigzfasI a. Cdtalogue ronm fthe Inemasegy,; ofW Dq*,solcitr, IKin's r-in-yad olean-stree;ads lbaty the auc LYatarON, atDe.12 t newthov l6OxOrd.re, near Duke-stree.9 dtHInS DtY Detembrouerd0,t1 rciey nasmbaeo lgn ccsVHnlHaeofsn ale; tem,rcin oupbga eble drwnoomsiei ose. wodand wdalnu, of ch ari,eayshao Mdle,, couhes chentyonfesWO, cabinets Inc 27an. thr 37e., eloan rchiaa]Mneyandothern glrsiumlndcar-red n gile et fames. Ci-ot chttae pianofoartespin rorewhombo d s,Dree and d chinaoamewntke bronze,,h. diningeroom suie RigtHn.thegay acer.u pis IngetedittngtodInin Itabers,edetaob siodeboards, librarytat bueta cn haiCrs,weahar,lgeBues and ShesuyRiwy(othe capes theU vof oo peraion) cIhamberlfurnttao,eAabd iidsan,aIronade other bedtedm Shrewsbur and toilThglehose mdrbule-tniwshsandran oomdrolessigabl,nd them eT tea erissy kgiutchenand culreienarcuensl Oner aiew.ls threaotalgesas thboe: Bandea The ln olices oftheraucIsoners t1doubellfIntonroad,nSt Sth rtpshls.of Mr. JEtlNKNs,d atn ter Lio Hppovetel, orfwhu-bnry o STuray Dhoeofth12,mee atm in the atroon, in one lotf Muhr.t e roBandition to bne then prodatuced, al n o 5,ude a tfHeHasto Eser,wih itetr cminrisiat Lady-2 extrabhe wom , plac t feehold ~ f6.armtendursidece win Uth ;pedtownships ftasnod mandba adnatl,inepvi In n the peiho ide ntel county of Satlte of,cnan Lonogn:S r esYpm wofrcar. abi, mando andC pasWture 6n, LTheWs abov estte I siuateInoahigly rEspteCrta~ln% vluableuChoo andad niagGrngedemaneofte igtHon. t aVisouct thES DEAard avtird ie lion toe-ar math aingthersecton bydgoodrads, theestate abts on theCirewte andthrOwbury URaIlway owa iJn coureofcnes:Truten 51Hdnawlromsutat ion,canvd w dsalnut,sIx mpies olyo,sfr, om hewioryand and,other houlseatidcbuildi.hmngs are commdioues, aind oless evryc high,retple of cultvantio,andelunderth aendapoedrscstly of husandryol mabe ad siheprinipa inns ine thre vneigbouhod;natth romffpesothr oamets e,era eaesof tufed ins, carC r-doin Ruot- D"aerms Xth yzx t *e mnaii aonuSi rent ot £;15 i nclud'u exolUent Fahitug Wil beoffetrdfor atIo'dook. AMay bevieaed: the dlly Peoedtzg he ale, and catalogues had on tbhe premiEes ' aud of the auctioneers6 23 and 24, St. George'-place yde-park-omer. Banes, Surre.-To Famlites Fnrnihn ..- u elegant ebla ot well-made Boinehold Furniture and wiluable Effeots; condsting o l DrwgandDiningRoomSuite overed Inatinad mboore ode Tables, noble Chimne oylase of lrne dimlension with Console Table a magifitent 8-feet Buh and Tordoeehei Cabinet, VelvOtl and other Cas and Bougs hesutitnl Cloc., and t aluable DresdenChi-and ornamental Eects, 7feet Spanish mah ios;y Sideboard, aban and otheroBedsteet Bearding broaded-,sWat. sta nds, Dressing Tables, Wdurnoble, end Out-door Effecs, without ],EB,S TOGHLL and JACKSON be to a. son nounze tha t they have ref ived instructins fro the Pro. es THI DAY(Thurse$ic l aDet33peciey on IaccohTze ofthe number o lots, avaln uesemislage ot PRLOPERT;B o titigd o * awanut drawing room suite evered in wocadedi stin, shpedand othertables, four noble Plses ot lere zzninrwt otwalnut and tui wood ditto ptairhofwalnucrvne.dlcardletablnes, noble jass, Louls 3aV., Or-monle, and other expTsio clocks, Dreden anbstdO c4.&m7md2oDApe. rags,ho,.: clean bedding, tiletandce s m p wstand, and Ot-do fets ho.Onb v siew.ataloguPeson the : and of th AItIHW Jakgt p4obIJ g*et 1 g4Dyy the New Peek.-&esbseu Tjeewhold Root. =AAMbeldbela 1 lbe gme e lead i ag s8B18 RUSHWOBTH and JARVIS an ~~~~#*Xkes 33"MUZ r, b}eted her Rza:rt sednr t ee-- * at lae3~~~~~~~~~~l a,rV1O Mth6eKut. eseW>ere ed ~Wwoftiwm b 16 4olf de teo l*eadin MonormeIeZpettlsmD2saga ~~sEqueu 8house, ii -eln4tboeoabfe2e, wit fows on siflor ena e. BOdlDt and bsllb a dxew. Mae bue. vieed ai n dG, foee-oe~t. o eek °=.~~~t mkm the N31e.ht; D.-eC *Dmn@ularsd on the ieeo at as.d WbeWy, Itom VIll SEhhbw.nUg aoeqb-e aDWdBD hUML es,.1 SEhhwtl brd Juan Ksolidir 67,<eo- 19. Ohngaaley Oeuil.oa Woolnwtb.-Yosratlal modanLtu,hold 1 n an, aeDi Isa. by nltr ae uUbb elIaiee is t fehWndie,grIft-l*tt alownuntWwt T16. AWmley' SWeen tle ueoneeSz Dj~~cd~~d E .BTH andJARVIS wye e,eabl lbexwsge~ee to ~L kgr ATOTION, althe O'clock, In owe 10*. an sa ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~fb pll f oa thr Piu Cbd=ch;eeEtw eecoate walk ade Dasoaelo gialsPnt.ii9, a N al cw Bnd*eetGninth ee.Rs aned4~rot7ebM lko,o h MESlR. OlsL. J.D aWMr B FR ad d AUtOL emloN. ted by amktge*dlone,, AYtco 8 e*be~,at eMDjgjtDabWIr IbrJ-rdsr Perectint Pef ob oroee rsetdeoses.Te whOio;ln8h.aI1>IFloeaZnte pohudteilto£ o lanm Tbeoo soifto aucm lr with Ut 19, Ohange.aUey, We=^7 'rOa,ubllL -h say- other ~~~~~~~Dl, be chla znne Lemehod Xnsstent. adjateqnte and tb LWIM stee.eoao ~jsR.BONqD and SON WIll BELLa by AUC- TIO a Hie ar,THISm DAY DMeeubei at 1% cee Hleoe BThae-orButs dPA , nvsleInjpru dlin..boaee& alxnuouty S t 3 ound rent £6 ,; also an e-wallent, andate Brloce 13, (ksanddGraton-usbl awda-ea4eta £4 OL antn-9uXm, el IteembbclJewelerss.aWatchmakernt so Maybe viewd by mthe Tionemenat ** km K.~ ahom Bremt:fB3.Une,o .chIteet, 3. BdOND-rand Holbon;3 HWUcm SLbecAUn Rq. ~wTIOX. attei ubacTuItSOA,ec.an 1t athe uetlooIuI' GreepoeedOf nllw%o=.the belttee, Rim An th ilexLAstEs of the lte Xis, FeeSZ odudag Tttnhm £u35 We,.-. nesDannu.-itrsI t Mj L EDWARBOD LUd LO will SELL by AUG. atahetat,THIS DAY, a 1 fr 15,otfok %b aFK ter aSEo &Ll3, s eSTtlE, comlerg 10d privtept house,ho.,d35, a and~~~pheteeera~In e, I7,eand aqal Hoe v4,5dk soand ttrde,esgh.reafed EStlon.reoa. h heldofoa unexore Sterm anod Sttt yses hvellr,b viwd by tpro Mews. Maeasand aliherdiatod := of 1 . 55.sbck 3lv, ttsedfo4llesa, who am a aisovndg B ed,o h MI815 BNI anWAR LUMLE wis SIttoBLL by AG AUy iCTION at vae Boosct2, OaldSh benedioalr MitNout rin beig DAY, iDpotantange to m Ithfopsm thss w of Mens hobeedaIabe.. eephe eAcong gNvOst cartoa ost spaIrous sowo, ia ft. of eoppwind s, an woesportaduelliah ouse wtrees ordnvely o heldlosan uexpred tee o the inoears from blem day.s --Il, r, themoerte en o £14 erandum, uC wi;alob a6 tsmae fnrbomsthe Lsnleeinurann.s pre eeo.Ma stoesvee. Plansb ianed iheiln andtMesr. oad~.d ~sxs ofies,1,ooms; andst r.eZ&se im ~ ~ Y will BELL byAUG domsticomud eket,Ctaoaemy ehda o.Lme' W.ics Ed,wIardcrylene am FLIugs-cMrowHuse and ClPMe,-iaWI msesesM14 Tvstc I .EWARDL LwLE I iEoted AUSEL b AUCTION,at the Rason-omsd, Old Bod.tngcm itout ednedtre, H18D, Decembeor 10, bt dit ie of the whoxeurxofthea loatle TeyB,; ecompriHing 80rkgaLe emralUFrmrds,30 crt.eofusIxis 15e)vistaOs of beyliantes,40 exrtes of caisirex, two0 oot pals, 2,se pains of Ocient fel pe e nde,tolprt andfr-t of extreordlu erar~ leSle oturer stones,wogeh withb ,theamdenst of dsrse-clamjtwudls -d dousetiog ofmbasupihemrblbeast0shanedpar Oisch sfeft w_ith bgs llantera withuableeomueradbae and sicenauvfeni;as. an vlarsgefasotent GCCa pee otesl,adslogues atad at the rooms; and.at Mo. y-wd. g.meysao.1t3koe-okfices, 07. Houaeoedsyurltae. Sale, haTomor ronw.ircday. nTady Tomorro, at10fr0 the prelc 2, OHanwa,.ytReset Oxord-stet pthngTmer Rwel4andli modemg ihrg ItoR mand PITe- TuesdyODe.15 at1m o , yodr the vasssues heiTOti oftheA2dJ&f nupostrre I aIntake.tlo Iuniy pe poe ok iber, k aeogemmy ehad ofT ,eynctdo, Faq, eliotor 6, Cancry-an, ed a if. drwarrd Lcberleysofces Ohenoecy4sne. ~ ~ ~ th dedsonth atb2 or .b ieto fteExcti Ctelt r amttig.o dininlga romadpror,arewo'rwn.oM sie dofi abe witw v.Us erbi tos,ad otbt ihther eesr itnstgte wih thedometi anod,ki tchnreeuIota,eb , anM arosefet. a pogemnatpMrintmed'sforfces.t 7 Chanery-lane, mjew-ae,-thActyofLoUMLE On l SedELLydUG De.1,at I r, I srnc, om dersTAnd re.ro eh ole cear d ofas Land ay hta, det f mae. heganyLeteL Ningfme Dinling-tables, noble pMrst. Jidboan dinntf6er angou,maLogan L co card, ILnlk o 'andotherLable, ronsewoo drawiteroo suite, d3r e 1 platet 3r Jo uite HUI cut eins, lbrayLot 30. Tws,o f cooka D w el-adewchambercofurniturgvlubl 2 hina g2" latst,r linen,eadrpated3 p goods, together atoua with ph meti ed ithnr aeui siews, awnd eoDde andfets.rtlgeet aodt Mr. L6uRamled's offline.,6, CAnery-clans ie. ___§- mI lR.EDWARD J. LE wl dBELL by SULof atthe mgeir u ,eebr1,a 1 c ,teSOKi dandd, sn tbles drssn g lee, h,to rawr hrllr sener30 dofaen ouhes,b desohir,jpne rec n te andes,pleDiu and becnngal, fohsol,lgres eces n Pterst ck othre; Houlsehold gurnItr,d G. Cesteran ithn e AUCTvaIONud gecbe, Saeogeso athe prew 3n.mies; of aess Hotritoket . r,end aa, Mte withnlllan, tw iaand at Mwrs pemdw;ard Lme' offie s, 67ea, 2,Chan b4re SW New oS-trahantPal, ndmshf tookxnelgre ofeaeewtryanshramer.a IIAEOBAR, LES aJd BAALL will SELL byUO V.AUT I .atte ar,o Wedne day. ectme1, at 12,bay. ALCEToEIttY mMParbo Y, Keual-lden allpad up,The dam cEntSPSllRS.an condSItiLsDo saledaybeha ate Mare;iof Mean, Lasrsoe,Pews andRoyr, slIctor,e4 Olde Jewry-oithallr. Wlirsen, Jldddlesex.-Plrctrate Farming Stock, aeon, 130 head AKR Ouity. 00 iHorses, Pigs "o ^AKER and SON 'SELL by AUCTION, on nLP the Premita Cnpe'Farm, WMe0de To-sroorow, Dec. 11, at 1, the wrhole of the EFEOTS, Vi, stak of Ant-rate meadow bay ditto oatsdittorowen, thre citaltownt-hoovlent vlodem Eougehahorlent boTfere, hay and dune washobut, strong sfrln cart,ae, p TIg hrOws, 2n tron pmmig rugs pig tubs co110trne bins,toos,hladdes dairyh butesl,d fatoan turkeys 1nd other,80heoterouryo beds, &agtroues vewodbed ayg m ebeof atalge tadg, thobail lnh on he remses an oftheanciones,Kwlbrsnd, n hiny bble-tov w6 ,1Ad' nua t wdorbel, enclonesaedde. Mo=tlme-terabce, sentofhh.toubexmiooe,nt moder eousehod uguln nfrtes, aender E dgec ,lvuwith imon the Premies,m Aot lfowrtene-t.On raw Wednesday-o oic ed mahi.og any. Arband andogur-ptoe bedshadsot gos etherpno n beds,attrionees, 43.andthbonegp chests dr s essdcn NottSng-b]L-Y,dbotokEttK-Twrolfi-dt h4ht-isheo HoUes, overloobleg wahavandg aoma togany wnadrobm enlosed p dl e tGroee, arussels carpts harth rueA, fanderand *A the I indg e SWAIN 11il d to BELL byAUCTON, do curtae chIna, ae, ondD kitchn uii o to lIt withdS.iediatep n sten On vbie raWednesday aeoLng oand slend otgcu tob on teprems. end ao th auoee an , Rathebe lae Wx oe overloingampfm and havng acces boed sord dofn baotlsx blaruc GroumnMeds,and of th dnnualandc o tf £10an hem.ldatwthe trilin Wlth Pttloonka monay, ODe. 14,intwolonts. hfte duedofm TMe stock Of chl)[t4l rurllito, 22"26fisaved by M.Ida Ib 3r PHILLIPS "S Bnhlfl-row. EAR PILLPSIi auz28te to 8SILLb AMO ~J.TION, On the N* 1% ;Q- setAnxir*@ hehcke -pa- udhbwil csk with IsIWl Wdertdoeeesto., tabls). ; p r h 11 se,i gnurg.!sd ,ne a M B CoIk s kw cc apeot llerainet. a~ee AMeleeo de one^b at ra:o cc a R .PHILLER BRoAD wm sxLLnzo bya heUIIO rs iePemi asbvTI 3L DbAUTmio*.iatnjs% C ovP=&K" lwes etrso stik so' le widw, . thesfa,e1sedeteeoed tUe V SAl and variodu t and 4bb.. gilt *mss of .eelts fnfoha re oofact3. b BraM,slvt. D'Almalae:.D 34). f 1ua xenid.oe uqods, cof wea uctinon heer, 8.oaldetry.d Mce, ap, s ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~b AUCTrr<o fybd d ION ' was etGt abHre, Tah. U - soree usn ctAc kinaadgtse,adtbeetlate tbBaemaaa We, Thet, adtpiretaibaend ie1rtteuese tbon of J Ua K,. Phillpe roam one Inmide.the la. tfwoo hen daAgosm h b b la,snd elotn rorL 0n eaindDe.Sanl5la$m4USlB kof a SoapHooekrada Aian. nrser T le oo be cr4, Csan PETER M OA wil BELLt brby AUITION4 oon th remise, as Pb.e 1,I OD d ate No. wooe of the enuine the ndin pinIrOdl e a r, 11;erorhn d hbe gDee tenl cb rit mtaldof , otely n e, ketebua soap 1b e epur the Ic.end lat' oemp~l~tatorijs tEb.aeeogsss thuose dS iita t end c eere. , w C l si; o of 8. Phe aucto eer, 2 , !i laelx se 0 a l ToDUlroZVXNIsa ad six: o 10 et D tio rIDE61 t80 iteDmxit GA. adR. Wn aRn pLits,Mc. the sceststaso rMelRPETGER bUtema moe aDCrnwU E Inint irsboele W oder of the Tohaets of Kr sTbesasm Bo &ormotthew otrlre Oetownedb -nsemitytsml otT sue ionr oss and ftD., 1K -B Rsesnes, aondorn w laod 6rrawdnm a bteelViewed. w lhamge,L a botatledE wines, o.. sldean SEowig old abOUT , t hear in boomv; 15oR, Hhh told or, Tok' sh, Io 2 llSrlSreeeb,theVOKnSBDZ t XAEnglad, t, dog. 'vny *in plae "Shery,famony'd ifpleholl4 dos.d La 9}cr, rd og,,chpevirale brcry; 16 jodOrdre ekoac gal b ny; eh}dntmsl, (10 'sshlaninumer4dol ms. to gdhe r 200 dog. OUh13 a o s, on M". 3c;j4iiandfollo2ag e BUeans.4 rctkogueg andt BAFr oct thnest , s284%, MRelUETRBRO w il SELLby AUCTIO ONX 505in oF JlPois-ees, P Le tbe HotU ugdeoam Fwi Uan TURiIN; o3omprsinscabr Frpendb. el bsng tabes nzb r Viewedc the lonngo bl. fxtaoures sod utnim lsin praeule. of MeatL Strma and ebel,slctors. Cl.o en s. 4h dse ab nd of Xr1urceL acthoGwea &- j. Wabeok, oit lesr . h bTO nro=ad otnrcmber a Utlere Bmkbra l sdc elnni lahr.lo u MdRRELL ale InsruceceDted beedn them Asinetln 9et reotal io only Wed2 4 . per annou. at fb e i Ed SEPofthes capW Srl 1 with pleDdara fregn eroutiebloue nud, 1;an W nend dwetling; saleo the tro ins e; at the gratie a en;ds cS d h automrnee Wa. 2, oultry. k rorot ro ndbbcl Tits uTenit, anmrd bsi flTelowig evmie hs at SWhells 8ouft B hant ere anderaD EAheiRIT, at 1 tems l80 lst-stret, tuedtheonten the aeiYe.7 modem st0 1we8h and tbemlrf Rof ale. ]13t as thaden%Mte es promis;oD. eerghly. SO., tollcitor, - 3, IB&DgUll-street; or eight Ksta;M s TosSlu Cbrlllt Maotem a lmeM Booku lllln romlng d thw% T an rBERTT awll BE W TLLSTRATE Bolestn sdkue5 malllny handsometlyn bn* tmter Auctlon Roomaw ing. B ees catlohes bIt ad nom orrrowciely,l and SToOlwIn lRAeee j, 8. Oa ctherwalsreen.rRdT adGle treir Roocs. 22u MRU IN3 6il] rou tast% abofe, zibaId t' Maye 'ovewe, and ume taleu tesbe r gtcflu en.TLxnd, De.4anfbolldo6fgeeIg.at6 ySU weeork I iea u.tlgro Orde; udogn;oyhzt autin fcb , 2. worltewinkoDe gl en rte AUCTION. ateir Imes teas oeoos, Ileretn Ciu-ree, ohL rkidayt Mhm U, at 12 o the e eomNe teagJana oeing.iting,mabogar. F viewesd, A band baaodneg% badyc feat tflbeds.-flcessHoud andtbidd,T o Paa:nobortes , w ron d.e.fxan MRtle a End ::R wrill SELL,by omd ned te o em 15 1GanJo Der hamber aeaclew me boutwet eb u hort4 loEIIBla leather Ie, 41, Lud teing ooales.u e lcDs,to Tuesioday eem bek r 15,w gIsss)Do 0at 11 fl 2 ~orefter Trusteeise, teren nOdHbT FURoI TEr cMI sinde hamreran da gse dioingtab lesud, sta.cs,bae = wo plat o foles, ieen roftl kilten utenl eqlls eand aifete of ober iems te mob g owf sle.Cataloguesm a hadb hotheo pemos er. Storms aoird Sathela , soctoes. 6, ueeni -se, aside bbnd aDaMr bueo lnnl,n jt auciser 4.! ornelbso ocit Iy. ! i ritee Dd ..r andotber ie IeOe r a S c aial So Ibe DweIng-eose, a thg Strock in of de, tixnt Uteb DA. diR.eomUREL sI r of tbete B the EARIgnees a. Oil~ ~ ~~ larg Colhoordbmat uu, U-ho Li . rwng Sabrrw t by aUCTet Othe otw THeI PAY wenig10 , IX ltch , gon Wednesdayin brili15, a cotIDs l f orilat lW oz eu campitl eilO, aindpotbe-gclee l otl warSoUMwes ee an eigat. romedweklg;adctsutmcigmtSheffiAeld and Iea0elrsv. comD isn te s. colzo ees, U eroil aro wroot, and biocuits, Yth Cital Au tensl; comps i e meec coffec an eugatbmiels, IM-n fitues, t andtel antd ofm K ersdes.-uatber viewkedthe oo tgChina, Abenwre, blockstgallt e fo r A estluae o. r . Mu sreIld Deoembere 11. revatpr1or, &n te rvewan th f1 nt floe wD ib auterine, ao W, Wllco of, OMIaNA stlen-ee. Z T cabinetr ofaker3. Cariemntes, Rout rrthepe anld modemals wuetll uELn it ur TO ir m Slaoves sortm *r houseold fuSErLnir bon thProei e Dom tte lucambeterac-nWstbournterso emnoe,THS nA* Derea n, 0 ardl f eredosey c xoeaen t and hodons malcxwl BInetnmD4 PURmIl OEil oomdn inshogany chiloe Wlneu rool 3 caitlrout Aainbdteats, 'spritabegose fethrbemel, alntlngspeil. 1eweier,11 efgond nneonIteb-tgter withbe,obo othe won subleftug, wahstock s, in eabog table and da hoara bds, tack ,s, ramoge,zy.and th lCrkenohsf and naerdablef. of Cnaaldooe ma the srooms,and ot theaubonokfca er,2 Widbo rwick0-da o ent, Gray's-inn. biWglut ot~~~~atr FFntua Plat Ac tabESSRS. and S KW will S ELl L bvkITcalbO' sit.A ati laares 3 ale Oxioo rdcrr' *hotnLa T. oneFremiday Dec.U, a s!],dte well-med. FUNeruR theZeFoTS,, dmpirng mahorgan1r Frenchu,end Arabian redsteds, 0y lu e eabes be,arecSses and beddngSmrbloo andBEL eIN deHAMi wn SELbmACIhOgN cmd taned hernsts oHIBDrAwer, Dec. i0g comosie, nd otber atcls,d maottedany hised "Howsoapa longueI leathero and ien omitables Geaincsoganrpetmo dantemsk wndcurtaimne ohlmnes-glscees, cheffonter walnut-woo d et ach air, l cs en. rate lmsnd fEendr, fie-Ionds, a e oso hna en glees.it Cidn02 plate and. *tnd TD beoowed, Sen tr cetaloguExes lmeba thoes uror r moliaTe fewels, lvrer n Shouefil PlBa ater, 1and glaltofo ad GesseTh Wat t hechuebs, bc.-Thl Day, Dbye. 10. nakrs MeSRtS. DEsbiHA, aSTR bboh SOmNphnnlon wLilel Decmbero0Is,ras unta aIRs I oni . s w.vine ebfWewa beaitisulabrdlianttcble an nteugs sgeNophieed ailith prinety, a halftoi ain theinres -orne u clute blrdllia etrig, a thillIanthtof _oy L ndtder and trdtty rones g at n silvr watches, be epoysd makers, clokrs, dials, des ing cae, dsi nSefld ad eet room aen ibr chain, opera glasses and effcTits,lO'e thecday pi o sum Shipp=rs, to telnT r Kers, *a -jfrtes consignent c,c _ Chimna, c artenwre, andM lebes,for A bsolutz e .Sl, u-o ri ~jR. OHNSNwIJISELL a. bove, Tompetrowlna hem, jgs it meal orr,,toietset, onaentMal flostrrnaeanV 'vaceafor te Orawing oom, garde, end consraoy,butfPnas grous ad fiure, wth eade adstads,eflegn u lr ea Excellent modem nHonrehold Fonitore tu e-toned PIanofortesa Effect', s; removed frosm PlUe-end, MESSRS. JONES ndA BONHAM Mill- SEL .dLAUCTION'. at tlbeir great 3ooms, Lelceeta&r-street snd Princes. street. TEIS EVElNING. st 61t the minute, HOUSEHOLD PURNITUHE and EFFECTS, In gret variety, vs-s., t Arabian. and French bedsteads, also fournPoet, Arabian, pram, au& *ofa bedsteads In mabogany, bordered goose eather beMs, hai a wool mattreeselandbedding wardrobesbceeteofdrawerswasbatssd* and dreeming tables, oeb1nels, obeffonters, lco, pembtoke, card, an( dinfing tabler, threo fespecb drawing room suites in velvet aadxath4 noble glsses, and hazd-ome patte arpeotsnddr r,e-toned piano. fortes, everal retr of chalrs, ofas, oches, es cis tgetber wltt bco chamber and kitchen requisites in abundaunce; ian, To-mawrrow Oohlectlon of Tirtures, rich gilt frames Ac. Cay Sale, This Day.-B7 order of the ShberIff.-Eleat HoIuebol riture, fine-tned EJ-octave Cottage Pianoforte in walnut cas'e Glases, Criets, and numeroug 'Taluable and ornmenta Effects, M RB. LEWIS begs to annonnoo he will SELL b. MDDead bcy. IOTl gat c6,, ue-street, two doors from New oarie non street. ciy THIS DAY ursday, De10, andTo-morrow U at 2 unctnall, aDURNfIfftUi Co.: Ctrape a slgaandeO WvE i drw Sghror 8 crlt, with rich caved tabls anhd theffouler tooorree rond, a brllLaut-toned cottage pianoft reveral cut pie and BrusecbrPets, noble chimney glasses, Inlaid nabinetr, proof priutP~ slt damask window curtains, plated Items, set of stuffed-hack and oiAcxchairs, ecvred In morocco. lounge and seer ditto, noble teciope dining tables rich cars-edback sideboard fitte with Plato-gle,liri ape 7ags, eDnt Artbiet.-To bedtedo oonectom dmek andin, obl wie G paRCIAob, din wEL by A nsinOl. as lisb. c Th seic, DAY. bnumrday) Decembr 10. azip Tonbeow bytd of the Sheiff. ay b 'viewd,so cataloguesnI ha f h nclvt Ho 87ye, Teentsrbarg; T Parleinrtr Coletors, t arles,and othng. AY,, whln o (Tusday), D"eembe 10. andRh ro.ov at,m Cmocget othersl ery fie work by Mist r V on Leebor,46- t ..,,.yi FamIlydto ..the Amuaspeton, -On 'viewr. Caaoge CC r. Gasi, Yasee ,>
