DEATH5. In Orobe lA deeply lamented, from the effeat of wound rlaeve.d In the tollet of Lueknow, tucde General Ifav,look. Neiw, Mactry Arnold aged 33 .1 UenleAnt In tire Ist M%dras uiabr., thhrd go. CC the Rev. Char. A-nold, recto Of Tinwell.R.itland. At Akyahb, la Arracan, India oD the l7th uc, Major A. G. Oolebrooko tJutherhnud, of the 29th Bengal Nati1ve lafantry, aged 37. On the Ict Nov., at 13An lrianlm eo,lihornax, of Inflamma tio, Of the lnung, W. J. mLaRy, Esq., of Ibodonage gd 34. Onq. teg 2 Nov.t, atSt. Jhu's, Antigua, W. E., Daniel Burr airllng Ea1., aged I 13. One on the olde*t ard mnat rfspete d enerchatL that Ple,",-Artlgua WeeklY Hie^giter, Nov. 2(, 14.,7. IOn the 1.5th lest,, at llearste4 near 9&Aldatoue, KCeut Elizabeth Mry lUannah, the wife Of Georgo RippIg, XL., deterfedly beloyed and sIncerely lamiented. On the 14th Isxt., Mr. Robert Temprell, of Ami'e.pIace, Hackrey. toad, aged T1. a Life Slubecebee to tho Licensed Vicluallers'tchtool. On the I8th Inat., at Pari*, arianne. the belovod wife of John Drtazal eRq., and 3oungest daughter of the late TD,ou,t Hooype, BEq., of Kirkastm, Lanoaroare. On the 1th mue,, at4 Binges aged 56, W. D. Ohantrel, REq., Chevai,er of the Ozrd. Of Leotpold. and Managing Dtheotlr ot the West Flanders Laliway. On the 18th lInt., at 64, Gloe terplace, Potnn, n-square, Etargart, widow of the late A. &i Jackson. £eq., M.D, of Wardey Barracks, Elrentwood, aged t1. On the 13h Inst8. at his realdence,?7 UPper 5amordeet a, fter. long and meTexe lllneme, Rilce liopkIns Req., MLI.L(.& aged 50, deeply Iamented. On the 8tor Inst. atn her resIdence, No.2, Puaek*lace,Brlxton.rosd Martha, eldest and last aDtru da'Ought.esr 0ofthe late Jr. Lechard On he 9thlos., t SankIn.lil ofWigt,Lady Napier, wife of On the beltseot. thae, third Wa.ghter o W the late Dr. John Hooper, On the rethinat. at Wlilteboinhoeh ear Ak%hford, Kent, Mr. Gerge Back, aged t7 On the12th mit.,at No. 31, Momnlngton.xoad, Regents.perk,N.W., Mi. ThomrA Tilbury, Ina bla 81st year. On the 12th inst., at South Backney, very suddenly, Agnes Hunna, daughter of Wew. Bourfield, aged 6 years and 8 mooths, Ori he 19th InAt. at Olaphaxo, In the Stth year of her age. Mete liaeth Thornton, widow of the late r4ward Norton Thoenton, REq., and youngest Oaughter of the late Johna Rcwn, Reiq., Ib,A. On the 12th inst., at Thte Fire, Ashton.undsr.Lyne, Edward Brown, Xkq., aged 70. On the 19th inst., at Ohaimlton. Kent, Oordella, tho wife of Genera Sir George Whitmomeo, If.O. E, Bozla Enalneers. On thte 19th ibet., at him resdence, Lee.place, Lee, Kent, Robert Cannon, Esq., late of the Adjuta tGeneralb.offlce, Honse Guwrds aged 85. On the 19th Inst.. at Mfelton.atree, Enaston.aqusre, Mrs. Margaret OrIps, for 40 years the fa-ithfual and deservedfly respwcted Matron of the ULLodo Orehan Asylum, Olapton. on thle 20th meat., abt Bath, Alexandar Jobnstont Lfee, Esq., youngest son ot Uskplan J. W. Leecir I. B. 1.0J. lWe Maritime Ser. vice, aged 91L On Sunday, the 90thi Int. at Noethborough Rectozy, 1Sarah Anne% the beloved wife of the Reiv. W. A. White. On the 20th inst., at his roeldenee. Lark Bill Wo Baear, o.Ad. miral Herhert Brace Powell, In the lId year of iAae
OADand uESMECEaB, at 1, Wobtrn-place, USARD aLd 1sESIDENiOl3 are O!1FERED b a widow lad), erery'rg A genteel well formished house. Terms o- oegulnea par w,ek. Rslaebosen given and iequired. The-ui of a PlanO.-I. 11tIngo.,-msceet, Barnabary-jrsrk, CaLedonlan-rosd J lOARD and RESIDENCE, flig st. J.a.nag.ark. J14. Jaes.'we~t isedoora of Bueklngh..m Palaoe, Thin ets.. WElmen Iscndce oA Sal aof libar,11ty, and unequalled for it. fineop'n and cheprful situation. Terms moderate. LiOARD) aid REiDNC for genatlem, of a mci=(A comfortable andi homely character, rau be ob'ane in tbe fcuitllY Ot a psofoe63lo0& MAn, Terms reAsonable. Situatlee mooee hbathy and Tasy easl of accees to the city. Address H. V., Gllog., pet-ofile, Biaswatrr. OAARD and RESIDEI dE.-A laye lost LD hee paronts, wibe. to meet with a LADY to board and rlide with ber, either for a PermnantEay or for A twel7amOnjil. High refe. renoeo1B wellLS-iven andexpected. Terms£70a;aar. AddreaSDelia, lar.Rglgdenir, ttstloner, Snargate-sitze,1 Dover. BOARD and RESagood front bed Tad Bdressing room 11rqie, nalrehuse In the Oiaphamo-rord about five monuo w omh us of a gon piano. Teems gel 1per wek d3, RE, Mr. M a'chy- mis, ornr f Oacand rad elp amreof d.e UfOAktD and REiEC, .ad_ ~30a.; Beidand LpBreakfast. evat iclee.A the Axnndel, 13 and 14, AMandtretaLd. P a vtLondon during Christmas vacation wll Andth berally conducted, entrsal, and seleAt. BOARD and RE, rla havin a rger house tohanthe requires, whes to obtain swo gentlemen so above. The hous and funiture are' quite new, mitnate clore to Xensengton.gavdeni. 3No children or other lodgerms Teor two gulneas per week ech. APply to A. 4D, care ot Biarblgers library, Grove-terracel, Bayewater. BOARD and Egtlema and hi Bwife OJ eII suopeior BOA and DSENCBwithsellarate apartments if required, to a boung married oouplei two ladleh, or gentleman, upon versy moderate terms. Nelhbourhood of e fueare. Addrers A. S. C., Wrs. anders's, acationer, North.=b alafetesdroadt. uma, eeeldingn th-one south si.- of thewater, baving a larger cure thnohe reqires wishm3ae, to reciv a la, or entflem an lnvail oroterise t RSID nhs aiy T he houe I wll urished,-pcou Pb with S aitadoag bed roo and drain Bn) troom. Terms modersqate, anmdrsn te mof cepetae Sorefrece girn and trequ iroen,ad.ncn^a Btwo andm; ReebEuSl anDEganion.* A h e hsnhly respectable ftamile-sdngin ethe TeIghbouhoo 1 en,dgton-pArc garden,, can ceve an elderly lady ace memberof their home, Where she uld btain vy comfort h ands attentiy n aSndwho Would be Aplyby lonite tlo A, a! dra, postomfc, rlh Droreos t No betrong. heil.~~~~~~~~i IDO RSIEf RQiT-RED... res-di tired^ Chitiabnoiae dealiros oftarcaloing tto comolrts of a hapyORE OIn th homus te door a tmall rcityabd:eaten pvurfamily mihcnuters. whdrem .. thereare, no, childrent,or otherbordeshIn'. eAl ecait PA with goodgen,neargan ein bepen chapel tfeukha Ior oamberWendhesformrrerreom d.nin teors a tobe. refeirence e:a alged. sdtateen Atddgma ieus, Mr.Ola,tee BnIonari arowt, Que5nw-road ortebream WIDOW reDy adhrDAGTRirsd A hOADe so nthe dc tl o thecity and west ued very a 0M 1m, Aerdd-ress 0 .,lra ry, 12, HIgh-stet, Not' egh , tifT Enc Ty fWandawrlih.comoo inahehose omfra lady residing wit,in a uedcupo ridem lromiow by the bhi. Ratileay and thre Are m alkof a nsttion. AddeseD. Addraon' . B.iCr', hOuae agen, Sence-ra, Batersee-rice. ili,t b hT inAcresidng ina ashionable aterinlacd one c coast o Devon.wld Weshpp tof meetlud wlha LAD to of goodpositito JOIN hello r cir for othewi n nteremonthis,or lneer desred Te hihes reernce hhyrsequre.Apply t01lo evonia Clevrs r0 , Vec-sret 7,Oxforetot, W.wer, 60, A 3n e -A mubedia man e,in #golPain thhihadbepartlof TnnbeldgE-w ED thaT VRAClCeSl for entlem, Ieoatneu o "IJ1IBLEI BOARD, &c marTied medical mAn, J,rEsDin In ah delightfulb& loaTltd inthe wes of Einglagnd,tisesa tof RECtV hainto, his agrdy an. AdTVALIDr Lb D. ronelo goodkamiycer modaderate. Appy.o address to mee v.V Bowel,O mInoTn'4ante4be, butVnt ra omnortble 9:ey hOe,T wiath geeeood plaxn tbe lve, EDiae ttv toom anldy smmdtofor eleletean,w and twe ou ofadl farmil resuidrni adheoalh loWlt, betowen4trompten anedUKy ng IJND SE abotM1;T-n eit roounti guines prannm Refren fehn to be . rT womp'lwas,oLoe, Gitonera,SW wEDIn the Pnarkh ang glems o wathdr W l a me w o th a Lmo i t best riAtR ittn om adacmodto o ramgroomind tw saddl hoAssequired. partofd rhresW. is Dwndrsousof, rcediiny, ohi INDA.- for y aboutDto occp aesn lrgeqUconmtre Abneed Attndanhour' durive fro Cal Owertiend. An onlgyof to tw rilway, ises toRECE=enasi, ndAE two oermi the lade, wh NVA L eIreDeSrteto andcomfoe oRfBa well-appoinedan ageeabl PAomeN.f HeIsenablnied. term modbterae.w sm advre. wth rea lnael and remderte home ha offer pcularlyodessrsWablto andth anmtiaon of2? tvylhe. f aternoste-o w nInai. LboA em xet A PARRTEDMEDTSetCALMANE, odn -uk.in la beanaue,tiflpr LofR Dekr, i desip rous modftrExevlle nto hine houe fan INAID5huese LdY soir-GNTLudN,or- onere quiring morelr retraintp.AdrtoteQs Omra.not- office Windor.tflobdrmu ki OMel fory a 9IVALIDtS,tre Prsn Rqirn Cr sittang roAttentanee duig21 pepealos-A.yr annm eAeine hAsTopenedThS srntheb oew-n i eross)tdorbe LET, thea moteeminetuLondonepys an w e os and surgens,Addreoom. Ther24 Queensqare, Bew oomaury. Ap PAVALIDSNT.andurntheir dRIN]Sp-a marrie . phyTSicitn residing nat 1ndo, Isewllngk tzo RORVi a cbstrE-o DENmgATE. feb slenabled room and thant ktchem, ande medvant e lklatsene hhue home haren.Afernspeuirydsable ret in bthken pl MD,cr 1B.gTS B. arridge,dPaq., I0,ABuckAerabLry A PPARTEMEIrolNtreetiCHandBREDSe,oa h theabtesalan plFacsotmufalmentIs LOUER es prim trs Lmodeon Edceinen dbintaaer do famble ds5heuto s at 6 Dm., 2ol.-,Tdrtet,Bkirs A PARTMETS,t bansomlyT uF"W-nihed, i tUo e hosLT, coartofthegQua drawnt;rcons istingofS-door tsobed roomsan kthen-pr. Apdiy ato N.i.,ReenMsree. D hna,2,Sou-tet APARTMENTS.to bentleT, nfcanishD,In th housedofiathurEDn eROOBladkfrIatirlGe: Surrey aide.To tieting rooms,o thre brtedrEiorm kichnr &.ennt i rito peranny.Abum. .Cn gentteewlk nrhus-oesa or two bed Troo m,oadeiattiero. There i aetren cidre. d erm tW.m addes B., BB, ot-office, Hamilton-ate terAce Nwmoe,T e for & APAlgTfr1d TS th nftyuring l. -pcin AAT r EoTS tooo be LS T gnelattly, Omnlibcketoec aceirqa -Tworoms modeate.san Batftoyrdefe.noAreasnbecn wl etkn APARTMENTS,Furnished.Ra T lag oforAMblY Ioelaou u roe t enittPanrtiesvitng. Lodn eduriygngtCrismas areh se spt,ooth poer a ccommodapl pefrrtion TTerm m odeat bae, fo.. A ablenc.Ad'roe,a6pm. rel2g. oAd,BafgoesHrr,V APARTMENTS handsoelyurnpished, - o be_eT Li cET ae Bl consissegoft drawing room awid one or tobdros ifgno alche,rulandflsioum hle loaliutywithn Isivee minutbeswalky ofd wyepak Adwo dntewakos eot N N,MrbDys, hyivt, 2A,dSozansto eet, Loeds-eqo r utler, SW. TiitrA rxMS PURNatd itHEa BED ROOM an fortS ROOntlm (Or doubl., A:0pminues'wak, norhastoh e HSbolank.Terms modaerate. RtcerdI rtequire.AdrssWy . A B.,a pot-ofice Oringte%Ralan-gnate. A PATME4 TB fo a entlean ortwo braosthcers dr.weng-redoi theor cidty urng O the rday-:awil-foruahed dRawing.or rnomhedoo indroa getelfaily.tin mornbRent pass eoderyatie.mnts coTer. toa Trmmoderat.Stsfatory refrensx0required. i Adres .C., AP SRHEDT APuRnisEd-NTSe. omota DulIRIANWNG ROOki&nd oeDROrO,0 edomoms,ina uit ria lmandy fsldor,ect real name td Atedanc, OrDSngon'elbary, 0Ken- RIHDAPARTMES,gnelyFurishd oTeLT F.ebd rooms with breakfasthpnlthran minthens, rqird s Sfation. Thplaote,adlien.thcade iuatifoy is heruladhat.an cae f r. Boiler,?rinity-teshPorraclye, raxon, ztrertweak,In.ahgl al eaiy ihna aydsac JFURNISHEDAATET.Temscntl well fua nlin aunon ver a,e Tart-stILpereet, Bloomsdryeqn Af orawint-roo door, onsisting ofothree1rooms; also. SutJa om fur nheabed romadstigro.R n matnmderate,~- J.' wishr is doaT (AN orTWOh ofatrmeeiroomIs onoulrlt, en ederl or nrald gntlean,acheweni reeivyeery indenlesande consieratin, Tems mderat. Addess omhe,rlook'elbrar, Coam-l bridge-sireet. Pimldlbndco.Picadily secnd eer wih pate lis an atendnce on gune at5 Sweek-. u loir-streo0, PicIWadll4,I- 1 ' UTNFURNISHED APARTMENTS, in Glocoter- % etoalA Beigravia Rooms large and lofty, with eve cenvelienoe. Terms tba permanent tenant would be very moderate. Address I.1.P.. Gook's library, Cambridge-street, S.W. TNFUBI8HED APARTMENTS ChelseaTo ha beLE, a DRAWING ROOK PLOOR, iih additional room end COnveniences. CD-oYuvane to town by steam-bo&t and Omnibus, Bent moderate. Addres d C., 22, Margarettaraoe, Oakley.etrt, Chelsea. NTEW BOND.STREET.-To be LEVT, for q tem, Li the UPPER PART of a HOUSE, together with large OfMfc on the grond dloor, comprising nine rooms and water clorot. pnriate do er, kitchen and offices. apply io 1Abee and Wood, agents, 65, New Hon 1- slyeet, W. (O14 D.] tUPERIOR APARTMENTS, asuitablo for a gen. tieman and Isfy-large bouse, excellent situastIon, fAmily amll, go d servants kept. PenoLns ruiring elegant apartments, on reesanable terms, would find here a home. Apply at 6, RIchmond-tenwrra Barnebury-park. ADRtAWING ROOM, Bed oeom, with Dressing A Room to hoLET, urnishd,toPartie's requirng the ac. commodatlon for thlree wreeks or a, mohn5;th, in thLe houett t of e acl-y Terms moqerato. Ain extra bedt room If reqenie, Addres i3 A. T., 27, Queeu's.rna', Casdmeu-sannere, Camden New- town. MONTPELgPERSQUAE-FURNISLHfD BED .LJROOMI fr gent!eman, at Bs. per week. In the house of a highly respectable fieflr, ghbee tbhre are no otber ledgers, Sitting room if raquired. References exchange. Address C. C., Obannion's portofce, BrompDon. ROMPTONTo be ET cloo to the South Ken. B segin iutem,a wll URNSH1I)BED ROOM, with tha use f asittng oom f rquird. lso obh LTT, unfuratsbed, a Drawing Room Pl oy end a Bed Room withattendance, brom the Ith of a r y n rt. A d dress a . Bt ,tt 2c o A l e aude r a - equ a r LIT. JHN'r. OOD.-A younglady, living in a wil b hpp t LT speio DAWIgROOMand BED ROOM, the cee~ynsss f th disrict asis. Ad ressL P., ic. Dther' curm.Vi ST. JAME`s,-A hbadaqme SUITE of APART- llF N 8 on tbe xroond floo.a to be LINT. Furnihed, wrih singl id lrooms for gcentlemen, at 17. 8k Jaoesfi*ce JRt. Je ' 12 ENNINGT0N-ROAD.-UIurnfhh APARni. JaMI ENTS to be LET, in a respctable hon, aaborttn frocotbe city, with r without attendano. A*ddre by lttkr W. W, II. Cayton-plac. Kennlgtou-roN4. 0. 58, MADDOX.STREBT, one door £rom Bond. N astreet.-One or two FLOOR% tobe LET, u nfaad, ine.I decorated first-clam house; utoce staraca TA. owo W matlent tenant. C1LEMENl rS- lNN, Strand,-Several excellent SBTd o!OEEs^XsBs9 Ltob EL, inteeaboven with all modem eouvnienoe3 at juoder te r t DI olr'hem G rgo, fIREAMBlRS to be LET near Somerset - ouae-^ pital suit t ofhree rooms Bent 1I7. Puloe ot fomitre, &a., wiLoh mntt be taken, I2N. Appl to H. I., Pht-od , Wa Btra=d CEIAMBER5.-PaI&ce liew Club.om ,2 ing-street, corner of St. Jamo -street.-To be LET, In thig desirable itusticn, several OH-tBICB. and SUITES ot OHA.M. BER8, oppoD.tetoA rthur'sandConwrtatleaab, Altaxesrates, and e0vanWt attendanoe Included In the rent. i FFICES.-To be LET, SUITES ° eeltV contiguos to Moorg-ato d Re thntl d A dops,, ICm arotan an oet,22, Thmsroreon-ltreet, elty. N° 38, CWKNON-STRBET corner d li N WIlIsm street.-To be LETU, one PAI ff F O witibevey D aeod^tion Of Yfater-oket, Y ^lh o 0 to ito porter. AP N .30, GREAT WINCHESTER-STREET, Broad. £N atreeL-To be LET, one lght front OTEIOE, o first foor; one luge light front office, on third floor; or two ofices tWther. Apply tD the hoUSekeeper. A UHURUH-YARtD,t ebetween nC s treetgna ant sd very quiet, with washing and water oloset, suitable -to Ecblio Company; or two eudtes of tour and three offics. ApDly to the O ,plendid &, to bO LET. App QTUDIO WANTED immediately at th e s e k-CI Addreer, stating all pagluae cA , George-street, Poetmat)-sonare. i(JOUNTRY HOlJSE WATED, within 20 miles ot %-F town: 100 amno raelnoncsa Addres A, R, Ir t°ge~ s6tatiOtncer, Pergk-steget, Camdn-town. r| oHY ST to PURCHASE, . AL small BUSINES,weeteprhc money would bro esey and rent low. Or the aooetiPerVoudeb hpnto take ebarge of a hbSnear for two or th, occupd the remaindar. AdtBrem A, Y., r ons pot-iHisb-r Stepney. 'Tuo PROPEOt S of ES TTES, Land Agents A and Solloltors.-WANTED, to PURCJA S,a Mh? IOsuA ESTATE,~ of about 6O acres, with an Elizabethan or other ancient mansion or reedenoc of moderate size upon it. Toll dmriPtic al price to he addrecsed t) L. P.. poet-office, COb.rthain, Canterbury. ON beD for, forthree12 months certa:in. =E~~~~~~~~~~~t LN I theL , netebbo huod o Laatdown-plce att a gISHoo ESID e CET, with notlestha in fie te rOms.Trms anot toecd _~ gies per week Patclr obrental a lsnem eto lens, PclzelttESId I-) ay nxt, n NothWaes, ear a rmarket tw,asalHUE containig no ltedeS two ittiyng rooms, fourfctros and e weaate,rom eatndwte-ostwthsuldmtcofcean gadn Na h sea ecst forefneorrd Ret nt o we ee SOY1. Good supl oflET :,te essetial Tont one laroStb withe n tbef sonrutia Addrebl, wItD full Parulao s hoT, nd L o-lung, Hle, Mona: nB THiOS. YOU NG auctioneeb , of 40, P-maD, harlrg bad £.O pLetcked t ii command. Is prepazed to mate tmediate DVAT CE on property put into hbi hands foe sae,iether by pubyic auction Te by private contraot. mIIO be LET with Immediate osseson a semin det eH . 10, Ktlbu mPrriory, burnbgate, woit coach. houe and stable, and large garden extending 1SO feet. £05 permanmum. Apply uton the premis,s. 1 ' beLET for three months or more or less if roJL AqeId,tI the immn:ldate neghboarhoop 0f WhItehiall a subethanial wel TUENIBEDRESIDEN CE, with bevry roTleneforthe a m cconodatlon of a famLy ae ditincoXLn To view the same apply to 0 MO., 10, Bnckingham4treeo Ade]Dh. be LET, Fr bIsB ed, at Barnest pr:ntey, ra gotod o AIHLY -HeousE conta:uiin largse dininz room, breoakfat parlour, drawing room. fave bed rooms, and dressing room good offices, and every Convenieece. Sotultlon unobjetionable. Converyance by rail or omnibus. TerMeTry mderte. ApplytoM A.0.,40,Brewer. etrelt ; or to Cr. A6chin, agent, Barnes-terrace. FPU be LET,TO witpossessi at hristm and ,an at a _ mdriat rental, an elegant Oemi-detached OOTTAGE bESIDEN , adapted for a small family, and completely fitted with every convenience, It oontains drawing, double dining, and breakfwat room handsomely decorated, f Isian &aopen pleasant sltnatloo wthin three minutes' walk of a railway sftation, and 15 ninute relie o the city. oe creard, to iew apply at 2, Wellington-road, Bow-road. for one or two earn , o OYERa o OB ALETB itnate on the broks of the M e, In the teantiful village and promensdolof Robertosau within half an hour's walk of Btrbonygone bonr and ahatf fromBadou Bader, And two mIlbfrom Kohl, in irmany; also one hour and a ball frm ]ase. Ins wtzerland. The house contains 12 rooms, with gardenee ottage, biliard room. bth d room, ci.t; ao stable, coach-houso, and farm yard corm. piete-all in thuroQgh repair, The aposoach to the house is tbhough anavenue ofchesnut tre urrounded by& lre grdent produclng an abundance of grapes. Other fraite, 1an eT th rronu lrntuate alxke, well snckhed withb aouo ieb, the waterroppied by the RLhne. The property also enjoys the right ot shooting in the Black Jorest, which celebrated place is at an easy distance ot 15 mionutes by rail. The Rhine boats in summer peoe dariy within 10 mninutes' walk.% iror ftrthtr partculars apply either 10 Mr. Jenkiny, auctioneerand house agent, Southampton-street, Strand, cr10 Mr. A. Bocer, 3. lenslngiontsquAre. r-ToCONFECTION qRS...Mxol aud.e bhsd SHEOP, at the west end of town, to be nDISPOSED O. No pemium srenuoed.eADppy to Mr. llends1l, 27, Noew-strot, Covent-gamren, tI'o GROCERS and TEADFALE R 1 ISthe rare op. JprhiSty to geti ntoagoodposition cheap,Smething le than 100 will foreverything. £40 erweek ma b done. The frot ie plate-glss, and the fittigs a e good.-he. Bath, 4, Wabxook. r[~o MNCHESER WARHOUSEEN. Wool. Tolen.sirwolkand Linencto, and others.-ELIgLbleBOUSINESS PREP apply to Mr. Jonetn 27, Milk. strettB OheapadeOlerk. TO DRAPERS and othe -A eligible HOUSE Iand SHOP to be LET, offerin a good opportunity te Any person wiahinagto commence businessz , ihe resat proprleterleartigona.ecount of Ill-health. For parciolanil apply by, letler addresed A. 4 poet-office, Deal. ?1 LO CRT beTS land DRUGGIST b.- fgood ubur.- T boanHBUSINESS for lInmediate DISPOSA, t he present pro- tor goig a broad. Required £500,Ap-ply to .A. W., care of nont,eo a rks and C., or Lagency, 7 Shoe laner ild or e} Mego and Co.. Cr annon-s t, 0O. -, 0 rrOPOTTO ALEMENand DEALERS,- L caUMESSt-o be DIBEIOSSD OF, In a capital nreighbourhood, In perrueotoonaStSo adissoluion of partnerabp. Thi i an exoellnt 1oporrunity for a peroe-reroug man, who understands the busnIosesa required. Inquire of M TpxPlanilo r, 35, tg-seet, Cheapeiade _ I IE ,D es d other-To be A SOLD the EASE nd FITURESof a good ready-money QT n-threec PortecaI terra of 60 yeams et£ ahhue h reodmyb purchused It requie.As,na h aboe o h u f£ Thurng£7epreea.Ground et£.Uepr, termra yas pl t .Pre,1 ParkCotgs Ne-ros moTAILOBRS.-To libo DISPO`SED OF, In one of~ Tothe largest towns ofthie north of England, a first-class TAILOR. IBO GBUSINE3S. There is an excellent connexion In the private ttrade, whichx might be3 considerably improTed by an active business man, Theetockmnayhbe taken to ornot, The sole reaonof the pro. fent pDroprietor leaving In on asooouni of Ill-health. Address C. A., Filton's eoeohouse. Bank-street. Sheffield FAILIES Land others.-Stanl3ey- 'i' ua King's-road Chelesa. next to Vettch's Botanic Gardens. -To be LET, a capital FAMILY RESIDENCE, with chapel and organ, litted wilh eight stalls; double coach-house, and three-stall stable,spacious wailed garden, with largegree-houses,mpmraey, . For particulara and cardetorview appl to Er. ens utoer 2 tiroevenor-etreet wfest Baton-square,tiW. r* obe SOLD, byap ACINpuunthe REVESIONe A 1tL itS of the vendCrlor, Oaoery, maectInortaon thedeof Bahis mother,agea7.o and " Eushb Y. itAm,E f aithEthOL andrba tCoPi ofti FAJId&C-Ho U andi Cor tesiLd NGs. and etxcellentyLAir, cotaIngabou DUGDAcres stuae ienth cpountyedfby thampton; togmether waithant oldePoicy'sorms£I00,uo the ie, on the oentdor. Applyr toA. Zd , o Caurdey, t-e ret Chancery-lane. M a 'col nh abrnoo10 ,benSonelD ~ byaUCT ION, Gns n tor aDEcrEeT wiofhthe High Clour thohnery,o madeing ItnaertCain buses ohf tioofbendet, boo ouT l si causesare tacd boyLMr itR aRO edUODAby the, pearsono ap phoinpteod, by thenJdetoeml' lenId, oStuda, oDtheu g8fday be of Jan r atn ro'om k wit bth, twithrtheseveraal dlee threoado.ining,dsituateat Ciso,e, Ian th patriJshoSpetoc. kintthen ootmuntso r unhesand, ondInn 21 Ame t orbee andaWodt, agentas,o6certai Freold losres o W n. ee of Lan p Iemlree,alsogtontaidningaout abesLE. Printedfprtsicuas winths cedilos f al, aybeha o hss'rs,dell, brdrOirk n el orumgerod of the auctioer linLI vlt af l; ada te= dErptoing'A lsotheu, in arlile aorsaid.o"luo atlebai cenlemn.or nvMd,orsmal aLRED HALL,ou Chief Terks.3 Wi E tForD-TBEET,nun MAyaiLlhr,to b LET,odsa ed,mr. bay wth ea or for.a shorter pe4rio,entea' REODRCH TETE otiig iebdRAoom, desn rlm oo Kwinth bth two adrawing To oms,dining room,elbar,drsingraWdoom nsne w waer-lst. kiEoftchen,ea of&ootansupeaiordeandhedrom RSIApply to0. oerfet l dtonger, apvery rettbylitte sei-eahedlwo andLA gDuardnIzg baek audfdroAnzrt. foniure n cWarpts llne andM of the mnostelgant gxeent oetlemnorivld orficsmall family with omutchIlrn.Tem and deln,eApperweyo £16 perso annd m Apl - ithe tS o Mr Goo dmpan, I7, Bshps-od 3, Baywaor, ohr M.Co,f3t.dsr NVW BARNET, Herts.-For SALE, FOUR guba srtautlally built semi-dethed EOUS1I, with garde aud seve ral eligible Boliding Plots, situate on the New Barest road, and within five minutes' walk of the Bernet Station on the Great Nortbern Ranlway, The purchase-money may be paid by a deposit of 10 per ort. and nine annual Intalment with intres, For ricas oDDlF tO Mr, W. 15. Whittugha, at the of fioea d the Brlh Land Compay lLmlmto4), 14, Moorgale-treet, London. UNFIELD, Middlesex-For SALE, FOUR rab- stanUtally-but semi-detached HOUSE l with prdios ane d our Piote of Freehold Bulding Land, adjolinng the town of leld, and withinfive mlnutee walk of the church and rallwar station, The oecuDier of each house Is entitled to a free railway ticket teen London and untleld, which the Eastsr Countim RaIlway Com rmlse to renew for 1i years. Nor partculars app o 5 . MW.U, Whittinah, the Bsttht Land Company l ited), 14, Moc1 ae.. street. L,ondon. TEE, near Blackheath.-LansdoWne WlP6 Belmont, L E seten minutes' walk from staion, and three from the churchiTo be LET or BOL D, wel-buolt detwcheSd HOUE, ontaining 14 room&s *PorUoo entrance, rpoWs bhaD drswlin rom 22 feet hsN: dining room 18 feet by 15, wIth a breakfast room 11 feet hih, anulp. proach to garden ceeen good bed rooms, with two water-otl,d I mmdito1Osecii - ztee L waxe very loW. riczte £1, 40. Term 99 years Ground rent £15. AppD to Me. ote, 39, Coleman-a street; or Mr. Dowland, buUdr, Ch laelee. RipICHMOX1D3GREEN, close to the Railway Sh;Al tibo-Maser,, Green aul Sausby r insruted by a gentleman going abroad to offer. on very advantageus tems (with immiediate pogssion), th eFURNITURE, Plate, and ArticlesOf Veto loll tcostly descrlption) of a first-class emI-detacbed RESIDENCE, l the abore delightful situation. The premies are held on lease, at a renStl ot £'30 Der annum. A large sum has been expended by the lesee in making them as perfect as posslble for bhi own oocupation, the beneat of which ouatlay wIS be given to au incoming tenwat.-Estte agenoy officae 28, O'd Bond-street, tEAR CHISLEHURST, Kent.-To he LET, Furk niahed until Ladi-Day, 1880, a capital FAMILY RESIDENC0 o'.armingly aisate In ites own gounds, oomprising lawn and plesure rounds, productive kitchen and vegetable gardens, and from 7 to 25 aces of exceedingly rich grass land. The resIdence comprise three osialretepctFio incIome, hfigre best bedd chamber, dreadin groo s, s- vanis' apartments, and ovary acommdatid^ot for agzentlem]acss famIly ext-ellent reabIn5, gardeners cottage, and ou bnlduDgs. hlsotive pictu^re qug, delightful views, church close by, capital water, bot,utili rIdes eD~ drives Omuibse daily to and from raUlway sttle s,d j on:ther datageL PortlClceas ot Messs Grteenand Ssa , 3} ° d AL1%Y-TEBRRC CItr.rod.-To.) be LET a D osm m,1paeed and .anied. Rekt 59 BOU > ;W ob O N _t.V Auply to Mr. LI. Re,wo,:Adi-.=eh.me,,Pt.cct-o A}i:BOW.Ol!I-THE-IILL-To be IjE J1 Yr~e. eBOUBE in the beet Dir ce ro. Apply w B° x^°m PALAOE-GARDENS KenS-fgton.-To be LIT, itWUR e N LD Bham.placa, Oodh ;ourae Celder,9 -FEZc MRE.ITlEWL.L.PLAOE. -To be L rET on par , I~v or thbe LeOW to be SOd, One ofthebebst OS5 atbe A=anks,hoetltdo ce"bl o company.'ob iwdh al zOnly EOxg&MRY, S- urlrey.-Fi,e acres Of valuable o o PP NorWAD, adAinplny_ to be SOIAl by ~ISHOSGATESTRF WITJEO~UT..jgTbe 3, a smelt WAREH(US, twolg tw-tE tabl coah-biss, fr 35 per annum. A pl 10to thcsn tas -tox , SOBO-SQUAR1:.-Cupit iy t u4urihom" yo, ootEr aNdsT8 teaet, 93 1 laShopgoate-a.rotet within. beLTntbliz healt~h i po OS. facing the highroor,s exc rnoeptno.HaOn! wlthtve,d Sml rw gae e-rhoef ulantla r Therent oallarnb Onmnlaln lo,0;toua theuret. 6en gu- ieer. £7 Apply to, dhem, Jeknon an On, 7 CTlsmnslane, Cvoity.sqve-lob 2OM. Aply to Kr. Leh 5 hghted.g,r2 forttby 19meet, valfr tor2 dPghoTE, orT brhteD LET Fuhrnished,ln3 fuoruthe b wontr mhouths, aet a moerte10 rPent, th o nor art HOUSE, eontalnJngawositting reo,,ndforedrosnkigu six teds.A respecabl servant can belet if rqie.Adest )iI B.B.,isI. Ddma~e,grocer, HIfthxtreet, Hmeed P CNMeD.-To befLET,rery che Th HOSE in the aboedsirble localityF coub1ntlainn eEIghtOE beoomts,l lsa n bsad t r ont. f or bp o ret , pohe- ofce GiDh od Eurny. ATOW-PLAOS E, E to Lra.aqrE,T; nbec LeaT nent ed, for one ohu roh. two y rse th tso IDENQy oth f 2al tbnosbl ELSIZE.PARE limp d AeAcT. NTS Bho hesce hn umdobgo n g * and at No. 8. NOR,eS to aO.Ane, warmcRew Maie Winter en et .L aIpeo soaThen*SRE, P ioeadesexcllenT, anbte 80ltIns of the03 plac vroverblas o recept sfioe roDmsou dm snain ferom2 to1 besO, frnm 1U geto,S, guldiea tId-er ee,No u particlarsapply E tthetnkusetTobe L-ETa V to le LE to TW O eh re n t he ouc l r epair wBH wtUor-nete, clon n, backand, fxnTront, andote bcie nznOms. Bent 100 p ecnqure o ber. Mle. Ruer p,o6 EedSlAMRFIELDSTREeTCMLETr-T be S LV,ETh untile Eas,t3er next, a getleand's RIOESWEI15O, con'. tmngseven, 30i tt roomige, gooreti lroom kioe,u nrde. thent rea ommasund,ave Rof anbe Pextensiegrden Appy to M olr. I Bearde,y9 I Isce, Ameralam-p vutr ,Walk o O XOVRD.TERABCE, Hyde-ark.to be LET, u unished, ithe whole 0c-ors prncpa psrtn ofor l FtBhlSes Th IDi llqCK ont ain i axteuive bced and fou abdsilin roo, th e n slmiv gioneat pe weeke o-tab . f or theSpri ialpartheurgar speorr to OBOI7~~~~Ndm L EA1; o=^nbeTONIw21 £ r enr sqlytoMes.Lobotwy~ Olen.,1 reteuorwood-psc, eweUn mU c Eev wtek, ooking and ataienahTco gncludd if reuird apply to fit KS emar. orrttur ay ot r th ree v ninvbe wra onof trlhepositaion.eoe flatls-Toobe Jkw, arnoegs boDCotinr1.ei dRethted roosE aIDsrEoX, with gyrdeui convenienc,. c "mnI"g etenIae Uzie 60 thIer=udigconry.Apply to iB.B.Tb on house decorator, Lowe nor,votd. rooms, 1t5 bead rooms,1 bed,i . tw odress ing rooms, and tittcn hent forca sotrbing o u and coach-hou ose, For viwn ar to J andd e, Harveyp, hos Aget. W.Torquayic. Zit-DThu API:ofWIGEn.-theb nfT e ArPmA;IIT, KJ MEETS fo a prlfutenraloes getlean, or any one. requiring corn. Etirci posion. dhe bd rawing rct4oom roor, (toroom ce ommuIctI, g) ithn tbree bed rooms, abo e. and ki ee in peeee r ho Onlasetdit, wi0 h anultnr60gnes-M.D ena,2,hep idef.om Al to Mra. RT-IMEIrT T Candclseo two stations, auxrenoe Rto roa, neth, dirtbre a e ohboarh oad,aulargenHUEm ofs B1 bomDl tOhe bmen droom-belnidght an d loty0foeeoby 19 minuteal for a boadingome, or n arcitne orfcs cothepofe, stonle, and through Th bosehvs thdergmon atud rough repair ttn. Rentoly=6 to3ee at Noai. & drensto£0 Mitres £A0dmedw,CiaktewoodsedesslnI ex. say pony Privateontat the p ,onex-s.ree PA. T1E ;NE-PARKS], L Rio be-bSOh-To be LET, ivt bJe localIty, abeo to ubo tanua lntErsIDENEa g6dconau inin7t aev bedho roomsW, doubldtraHing n room, so In anDabre artroughout l the houe,andw tof nurears LoeDEtl) to mayh had, Rent ,t00. Apply xto . Egan. 56 BNewoiagtbe uswaet y ; or o J-, H. Treck, DEWISHAM-RAD.-To be U,LET; cor -inS aesv JAimeioawthne pes,si guren, TWo andgr-olme, newloytbth, aemai dbyral fromEL Lndon-brdge 5Omnib uoe to oand fco every 1 mlnnlee. The onue 0bee udtone a rth W orough repair. Bent onl£, Key at7 INe o.ooL F ordfade tb Mer ruluaaeenly eord, dodlesn, ue, mbayb bysm ArvaerContbact teuOnMex 2LOVE& LARENT E Hiepo-O be DlSPET,lglr n1Y MAdSiOh, d thle Imm t vi-cits she l log e brts. cth osueel spanos redcbed in lroom, ptenDsie ten e-om sa otommoaind a fine view o Doetr By x £,tO pe OanD3 plio reently tur Ldu met aonbenentyb, arrange. For ers and cards to tve. OWBlknon estat WOnfO,D5, Oltdon-trhe t C¶AMbERWELL.QGREEN.-eT)-o be Lt~, a excellnt Priva eo H e, Iseven rOomH, I inperect mrepair go. den, bar aind frot,o deainat reapnwoa roomsSd;, ebrturet fnmlu Bent 3od3tlo.hlEAs aend tbllng. The whle In3tboreougedrapthr ever-i 2o.Or te grodlteaosoft o11t oy ea f lentl of t o gbeo refer, Portfo pad,ton an H .ar l s., neewsnd estatesua o. H,, O priton, Se S.Ourh-dambev RSlerabo I LEArrysbe. be 3 LD!,SAnrthgoodtl beFLET ard en O Lud, watidt. LiImmdiaThe ouseeisotbn, TWOe handsome,wtko thewchurch. semi dettachedthree stigfivY e ItbNed,s wontainsing 1 rooms, with everye ovudece 1:~0 ee frsoonag,italargeowadaibled garden. Rarnt £75 er nnm.Fo uther W. posrticnlaRinaplytonA-Mton,Thme.Boby U'SOEofIRT-OARK HUS t be LET, a ARNEVI-A nla3ed, wiath duble cbt-ehouse,r and tabigng for SIx hCores Tho Eiose sgtand, detached olorge, gadnsne thoesea, and comma, sda nu fi.,ed. contais Oex guineav ofies. ,;endI dpe foray the aommoda-t riono an largebd rotamls~ihmentt For urther partclr andk cards to anew am oe diypply to Mr. Jamhn Woodwar,desateoagen, Dover ASTVHLL,WanswUArth.-To be LET,D tunihed squaeore with suite of theegan reepiona rel-pooms,exelentl family acIm. s.DENAtl offDice, an drawing. Then wheinu thooug mrnpirand fit v ten b,edroots coccupaiont of a fmil of the hihstabr.ank,od o anabaedo.tartelcslar anxtensdv vwso aview may ue hadkof Msrsm 'U E one m and tw braliley gt ma ttio KJheanth.weeemita-Tb aEt,Jons.AplytoLshe aCOnTIt ItESIDE)6CE,witBood dower andokichen M aRde,ada ilt Xaced Th onac,usjeoistwthinfveminutes'gtwagnlk afnthe churh, n cotain,b thoriver sitig ie be, o taindn tea' r EeNg eroos wit kistheand aradl good oies;talom coach-hous Eandeabde Ben m£l"l dectannfrm. Address poro-parid,aspl to A.M,ps-fieans Rom atndon-amea.sNitn E-obe LET, wiARinI Vw iLLta, dmHOS ctatCui-erace. nearL Btwokgn Chinrs. aontd two oei eheg rooms, sla bedutroomlykitchten, perfeUlesy.I two ugter-epaeit, and welup-pliedem oneh guinea. Wour wekuilta laret of fay.iOr one tsittin rn ooomLandthree bedroomt wuish attendnce, IS. pefrrAweek.mCach be takndfo alwn d airvly,ton.Appddo r.e po oodwpad, booLnlatCrydo Isi oftbrght, vftmSouthamptvonsbr. noSTH Livadsorpoo.-To be LE,DrISheSd, J2 fo one t, Lor CYRe sers, MeLL-apINtEdY eBUSINEmSS, inthis DEnCe, ompriOin dbyn Mroom dining room, and m aoutin rojom, Whlsevenberoom, conveieThofie, cwsoarhobe, stle, and emaryilfr marden; comandingt etensithe busw; few minutes' halkdrome 8 pranitewoe rehommoncu womralway staionsu. Appck DtIo Lae and- Woo. 6R ewuon-stet Lo0ndpw on, W.il Appicto bmaeo OWJERENORWSOODE.cTose bheSL bytin,o Pvthe 11Cotracl subsect tone the lie LnELAareduetdoarentsemandI uble67t ytrer,cthe bseauifulEtsTbdATEofOllr Uper DCourst,uorerdte twolg gaoe, by thotrivedroWms, cwonaig rMnearlyom0 acre lofmaenr and Herfor, nd ithn wo ils o th mrke ton f y,ith eBryck Aylesbury, Bucks.AD, arwck Of the fe open YArd with pump. exollelrt water tankr, bute, hobe trough, ac, and, uf required, a dwelllng.boused as a tap, with rarlour, bed roms large beer oelerage, coal eollar o. Lcenes paid by the peeet prow rlstor. Inuireat the houenin eInyard. Q COHOLASTIO.-kligible Offer for £500.-Thewhole of the FURNIEUE, Plate, G1I, Lnen, Bods and Bedding, the ichcolRoom Furnitue, ., togetker with the Goodwill of a large and weiJ-knorn BOARDING SOHOOL for YOUNG GENTLEENx ituae in cee of tb amidland ounties Tbe houe hs acconsJoU;i for sixty borders, which Ia low than the avorage number In the es. bhshment during the Dpt 12 months The rent and txe. togetheg wil not esoeed £0 per anum. S.tafsatory eone wil be given tof Its dnpoal. obr further rticalars, ,, addre Bet, care of 0, Bontledge and Co., 5, Farrlng otaet.est Only prindpal, or their oU. etn<,, wul bhe tated with, fIGELY respectble first-clss FAMILY HOTEL, In one of the mort attractive and fsablonable watering-plaes In he kingdoml. to be LET, In consequence of the deease of Sh proprietor. Tbe premieos are altogether of a suerlor character in ex. oell, tat oondition, and admirably arraged for the perfect eoum=oda. tion of the numerous famiUes by whom they have for many reors beeni DatrOclsed, In addition to whlch hsa fret-rate coDfee-room. much k- qcuete. cau esjj'11tat, and etabling. The return, of the buinesa wl be found higr ysatIactory, and wll bear the strictest invOstgtlou , P rtcul mar y bh obtained by prinlpals on applicotion to Mr: Goe. dlner, auctioneer, 17. alatton-garde,. I MPORTAIT ESTAbTE, near Dtahok Aur,kdaud, In it eh county of eDnrhmn, for 8,AL!:-To beaS 8I.) by AUCTO10,' at Ward'e Wfaterloo Bote',lu the city of Durham. ou Tuesday, tho 12Sa of January next, stoels, previourly disposed o1 by privava coatra*t (of whic due notnre will bo given), all that compact and aot desirabl FREOLD and tite-efree 1ESTATEi of NEWSltON OAFP, dellghtfnh' Eltua.e on the banks of the river Wear, near Bishop Auckland, In the ccunty of Dmbrhu, onWImiing (bebsels half of the river Weur adpo lrg) 336 ocrea o1 excellent land, now let Intw rsfe and Iare,, aDJ peductIre 6arden, enosoQd br a high and substantia bric , p5oduceng abundauce o' choicr fitt in Rreat vaiety. To the apitalit sEquiring a landed hiieethnett thlseetate aordC very raserecomUmen. datloD, belng freebo'd end titbe-free with tle land-t xredeeed. Onl trments out of it eve Tochlal whlcbh ace verm modeste,. The titua tiont rreeenta many pictnro-que sitel for e rural realdeuse, The locality alloy a ampoe oprortonitle3 for the tall enjoyment of the rport3 oT tbe field, In !all their varlety and bint within easy ditancee from Dnuham, Dirlington, and other Iso Insaket towns, by ImmbeiLts fctIUty of raUroad, the atientlon of th, beet clas ot tenautry wiU alwaisbeoommanded. AlI the owcodandtmbertob uadedin Eale by auotlon. bIr. Hethotingou or Mr. Ellott, the chef tenants,. wtU E'how the property. Particulas, with a plan, ae tn 'se eration,. am d swi be Fuppi ed by return of poe on ippDlktlou to R lYod ,Oalior, or Peedrvn Furster eod WU, anel vp_smt DVW44
THE UNITED STATES. (FROM atm SPEIAL COPMESPONDENT.) WASHINGTON, Dic. S. The first smion of the 35th Congress of the Federation opened yesterday at the CapitoL With the commeacement of the sittings the new Administration enters fully upon Its work under more favourable circumstances than the last Cabinet. In the new Houe of Representatives the Democratic party predominates, and the Executive bas at least a workmg majority. The last House was more strongly Republican, and the two parties were so nicely balanced that it started with a dead lock on the choice of the Speaker, and could not "organize" for several weeks, which were passed in perpetual voting without any decision. The scale turaed at last by the smallest possible difference in favour of Mr. Banks, the Republican candidate, who appeared to be considered by the Deraocrats of the Southern States an absolute terror and calamity. He was not only opposed but deteated, and with his election it might have been supposed that blight and ruin had faUen on every plantation of the South. But as Mr. Banks proved a mUost Imparta, upright, and able Speaker, the alarm gradually abated, cotton contintuing saleable, and even rising In price after the blowr that was to have brought destruction. The wfhole contest was a strikiing example of the extraordinary exaggerations of which party spirit is capable. The openlng of the present C:ongress has been as calm as that of the last was stormy. The Democratic President has a decided Democratic majority; the party met quietly on the evening of the 5th, nominated the men it would propose to fill the offices in the gift of the Houee, and elected them all yesterday in three hours-Speaker, Clerk, Postmaster, Doorkeeper (a more important functionary than the name would imply), and Serjeant-at-Arms. The present Speaker is the Hon. J. L. Orr, of South Carolina. Only one other nomihation remains to be filed up,that of Printer, and as thisis a very lucrative post, indeed, the lastOongress having expended about $2,000,000 in that department, the competition for the place is too keen to allow an instant disposal of it. Whoever receives the appointment wil be a lucky man; the city itself is interested in the matter, for Washiungton has been created, and is still in a great degree supported, by the Government expenditure, which has increased, is increasing, and economists say ought to be dirinished. It is easier to say so than point out how the saving is to be made. Deserts grow into territories, and territories expand Into States so rapidly that the Federal Executive cannot lessen its expenses if it would. Quite useless are all references to the wcale of things in the days of the founders of the republic. The United States can no more return to it than could England to the public expenditure that sufficed in the time of the Stuarts. The estimates for the year ending June 30, 1859, which the present Congress has to vote, though framed since the commercial revulsion and in face of the lees of revenue consequent on the decrease of imports, amount to nearly $75,000,000,with some little billsto come in for Indian wars and the Utah conflict impending, which will considerablyswell that sum total. Congress, too, is rather munificent than the reverse in voting grants of land to railway companies and appropriating the public money to local improvements, and the only effectual check on it is an empty Tre-zury and the prospect of the Government having to borrow. As this vast expenditure is all controlled and ordered from Washington, and M Congress is the disposing power, it may be easily imagined that the Federal city wakes from its summer sleep with great alacrity to welcome the influx of winter vlsitors from every State of the Union, and levy contribution upon them all with perfect impartiality. Though the opening of the session is attended by no ceremonial or parade of any kind, there is always an eagerness to see it, principally among those who come up a strangers. They throng to the Capitol, and crowd the galleries of both Chambers to overflowing, and perhaps, if asked, would have to confess they were, on the whole, disappointed with the extreme meagreness of the proceedings. There is nothing in which any ordinary public occasion in America is more exuberant than oratory. From the amazing displays of the kind to be heard on a 4th of July down to the not at all amazing performiances that spoil so many dinners, a speech, or several speeches, are inevitable necessities at all gatherings. The provincials must therefore be somewhat surprised to see so much business got through, by the very men specially chosen to debate, without a word. One sentence proposed the Speaker, and a simple roll-caU of the names and votes decided the election. The other offices were disposed of with equal brevity. The fact is, the debating on these appointments is done in the previous " caucus," and the public only sees the last stage of the process. It is not necessary to inform the outsiders of the claims or services of the candidates, or why one is preferred to arother. The reasons are known, of course, to the respective parties and their leaders in the bsdy of the House, but the audience in the gaUeries are not in any way informed on the matter, and the proceedings from that point of view do certainly seom a little barren. It was quite a relief yesterday when Mr. Orr, after having been sworn in, delivered himself of a few neat sentences of thanks, distinctly uttered to the public at large. It was the only part of the day's business that was not excessively dry and formal. A joint committee from the House and Senate waited on the President, as usual, to inform him that both branches of the Legislature were duly organized, and ready to receive any communication he might have to make to them. The President's message will,therefore, be presented to-day, and as copies are forwarded in advance to the chief cities of the Union, ready to be issued to the press as soon as the telegraph notifies that it is being read at Washington, it will be published in New York as soon as it appears here. As the weather is fine and bright for the season the city has a very cheerful appearance. The hotels are full to overflowing, with boarding-houses and apartments ready to catch the surplus. Even the National, of poisonous notoriety, has beenre-opened, with as3urances thatits bad character will be redeemed. lVhenits recovery as an hotel was despaired of it was proposed to gut it of aU its internal fittings and convert it into a theatre. But the alarm has nearly died out. and It is again a hostelry of the largest class. The proprietors will, it is to be hoped, poison their rats nereafter with more discretion, and not kill 8 per cent. of the'r guests in the operation. For some days past the halls of the hotels have bcen political exchanges, thronged by the indescribable and indefinite waiters on providence, who appear in greater numbers at Washington than in any other city of the Union. They assemble to catch the senators and representatives as they arrive, and bore them with their clatms and grievances. If America is ever to produce a national comedy, its Congreve or Wycherly ought to appear in Washington. The material of character and intrigue is abundant; enly the eye to seize and the power to depict it are wanting. The wealth and consequent infuence of the Federal Government and Legislature have so increased that every member of these bodies has become proportionately valuable as a source of patronage. The number of both houses, less than 300, is smal, while the office seekers and applicants of al kinds come from among 2a,000,000 of population. The field of influence is stili more narrowed by the support of the wrong party, or the minority, being comparatively useless; this leaves about 150 individuals to bear the pressure of the ambitious, the visionary, theaggrieved, and the speculative of the whole nation. How' many competitors there are for every office is known exactly only to those who can bestow, or have a share in bestowing them; but by general assent, and visible indications also, the number is iucredibly large. Considering that the ca-untry furniishes such an open and ample field for every kind of real industry the rush to obtain Government employment, by no means the best paid, has some appearance of a mania. We know from history what were the antichambers of Court favourites of other days; in another form the evil exists in the Republic, rather intensifi.ed by the tenure of office being ahort; it multiplies the chances, and the applican!s too. WVith so many to receive what there is to be given, even the hundredth part of the disposing power is often embarrassing to the holder. But the system brings both classes to the Federal city, which mulcts all, profits greatly by their expenditure, and rejoices and grows wealthy thereon. (mBoM oun OWN con EnProENT.) NEW YORK, DEC. 9. The first Congress ander Mr. Buchanan's adminiatration met at Washington the day before yesterday. The President has a working majority in "\ ,Wfk;IqUI fmmble So his -new, aat WrI49 quently there was no delay in the organization. Colonel Orr, of South Carolina, the Administration candidate, was chosen Speaker upon the first ballot by a majority of 31 in a vote of 225 ; and in the Senate, in the absence of the Vice-President, Mr. Fitzpatrick, of Alabama, an Adminitration senator, was chosen President pro tern. These Vroceedings occupied the first day of the oession. esterday, when the Eouses came together, the AhluiAl xessage was Fent in. The first manifesto by Mr. Buchanan partakes [of many of the characteristies of his predecessor's production. It Is long; it travels oyer a wide extent it reasons out the philosophic causes for its political conclusions; it has its passages on patriotic pride and national exultation duly seasoned for the popular palate, and it touches lightly on some of the matters which it is convenient to pass by. On the whole, however, it is an important and a clear Message. To understand its particular bearings it is necessary to comprehend the President's position towards his party. He was elected in the height of the excitement about slavery; his election was viewed as the triumph of the Pro-slavery party as opposed to the Republicans, and for the moment it was supposed that his election would make Kansas (whose fate had been the ivot on which the controversy turned) a slave State. The President elect kept a commendable silence on all these points, and came into office with his own views unknown. His first act was to despatch to the scene of troubles Mr. Robert J. Walker, one of the most sagacious politicians of the Democratic, faith t o manage things there. Under the gmidance of this gentleman things went on smoothly, and Ransas bade fair to come in quiietly as a free State, by which result the Northern agitation would have been dispelled, and the opposition to the Administrar tion in that quarter effectually weakened. But just as things seemed coming to their peaceable haven the Pro-slavery party of Kansas devised a new. scheme which has upset all prev£ous calculations, and thrown the apple of discord directly into ' the Democratic camp. They have frarned a constitution essentially pro-slavery in all its elaus, and have submiZted it to the popular vote-the vote to be for the constitution with slavery, or for it without. By this means the pablic are forced to vote for the objectionable instrument at any rate, the negative vote only reaching to the continued legalization of slavery in the territory. The President was forced to take ground on this point, and the most important part of the message is occupied in discussing it. He supports fully the Proslavery party; says in substance that they bave all the forms of law with them; that in the choice of members to the Convention that framed the constitution the anti-slavery men might have voted, but neglected the opportunity; that the Convention having been legally constituted, its acts are binding; that it is not required to submit its work to the popular approval, except on the one question of slavery; that having submitted this,it has done aU that could be required of it; and that, as the conscquence of all this train of statements, the Federal Government willrecognize the nevv constitution. These views are met by the Northern Democracy with a diasent that threatens the peace and strength of the Administration. Mr. Douglas leads the dissent in the Senate. This gentleman is the author of the Kansas Bill, has always had strong Southern proclivities, is perhaps the ablest debater in the Senate, and was Mr. Bucbanan's chief competitor in the Cincinati Convention for the leadership of the party. His defection is a serious blow. It is pretty well understood that he will be followed by the entire democratic force of the North-west. The Democratic press, too, of the Nortb, are leading publHc opinion in the same direction, and, on the whole, there is every indication at present that the Northern sentiment on this question will be unanimous. Still, powerful as it may be, it has to contend against two foes which no Northern combination was ever yet able to overcome-the united Southern vote. keenly sensitive whenever Slavery is attacked-and the undistributed Federal patronage, of which ammunition the President has wisely reserved a gwodly supply against the present emergency. Whether a political combination can now be made, capable of resisting these two powerful machines, remains tQ be seen. I must confess that I have great doubts whether there will be. Mr. Buchanan is also met on the threshold of his Administration by another matter on which he dwells at considerable length, and perhaps not without a purpose of distracting attention from Kansas. I mean the financial embarrassments and the depletion of the national Treasury. After thanking Divine Providence for the numerous benefits bestowred upon this people he laments that notwithstanding these blessirgs, notwithstanding an abundant harvest and a superabundance "in all the productions of agriculture, and all the elements of national wealth, we find our mannfactures suspended, our public works retarded our private enterprises of different kinds abandoned thousands of labourers thrown out of employment," "the revenue of the Government greatly reduced," "the appropriations very large in amount," and a loan probably neceEsary "before the close of the present session." This is not a pleasant bit of colouring for the first production from the Presidential easel. It has, however, the merit of being boldly handled, and all the details are sketched in with equal power. The President does not hesitate to say where, in his opinion, are the causes of these troubles, nor where should be the remedy. "Our existing misfortunes have proceeded solely from our ex>travagant and vicious system of paper currency and bank creditb, exciting the people to wild speculations and gambling in stocks." He would have had Congress legislate to protect the people against the evils of an exces3ive and irredeemable paperourrency; "and to insure to the people asound circulating medium," "adapted with the utmost possible wisdom and skill to the wants of internal trade and foreign exchanges." But a long custom and established usage has conferred upon Statebankathe power of issuing this kind of currency. Hewould not, therefore, take this power away. A Bank of the United States is out of the question, and, if even feasible would not answrer the purpose. " After all," he says, " we must rely mainly upon the patriotism and wisdom of the States for the prevention and redress of the eviL" One step only, he advises-the passage of a general bankrupt law applicable to banks, giving power under United States' laws to compel non-specie paying banks to liquidate at once. The foreign relations of the country are lightly touched upon. Of Great Britain and Central America, after reviewing the antagonistic positions of the two Cabinets on the Clayton Bulwer Treaty, he say, "' hen two nations, like Great Britain and the United States, mutualy desirous as they are, and I trust ever may be, of maintaining the most friendly relations with each other, have unfortunately concluded a treaty which they understand in senses directly opposite; the wisest course is to abrogate such a treaty by mutual consent, and to commence anew." This is not a very flattering picture of the results of diplomacy, drawn by a gentleman who has been twice the diplomatic representative of this country at foreign Courts, and once has held the foreign seals at Washington. The relations with Spain are re- presented as bad. "The general tone and temper of the Spanish Government towards that of the united States are much to be regretted." Special instructions are to be sent to Madrid on the cuestion at issue, with " a determination to have them speedily and amicably adjusted," if this be possible. As to Central America, he recommends the passing of an Act authorizing the President to employ the forces of the Republic to maintain the neutrality of the Panama route, and similar legislation for the protection of any other route across the Isthmus that may be hereafter acquired. He also advises the levy of foar additional regiments for Utah, and "feels confident of the support of Congress, cost what it may, in suppressing the insurrection and maintaining the sovereignty of the constituttion and laws over the territory of Itah." The relations with China are touched upon-the Minister there will "cordially co-operatewith the British and French Mlinisters in all peaceful measures to secure by treaty stipulations those just concesions to commerce which the nations of the world have a right to expect, and which China cannot long be permitted to withhold." A Pacifie railroad is advocated on military grounds. The revenue of the year was S68,631,513. The expenditure of the year amounted to $10,822,724, including *,5,943,896 applied to the redemption of the public debt. The receipts of the year are estimated to give, includlng the balance now on hand, $75,3S9,724 ; and the expenditures are estimated at S/;4,963,08. The amount of the public debt is $25,165,154, A revision of the tariff is deemed unwise. Tw4 report4 gf Vile departmen,ti aro alv publi6hd with the M -eage. W te following is an abstract of the report of the Treasury Department "The Government spent thi last fical year ending Junie 30, 1857 ..70,82,722 On the civil list ... $27,631,922 [ Interior depertmelit ::: : ,358,274 W -rd . .. ...1 T, , b ud g et of a 70,8 L- 722 The buget f expenditure for the current AfiEoal ear, to end June 30, 1858, is made ... $74L963,058 Actual frst quarter .., .. $23,714,528 Aistnatee three quarters ... 51,248,530 ne balanoe In the Tresury at the beiiuning $74,963058 of the year, July 1, Was ... .. $17,710.114 Revenue to the 30th of Sept. . 20,920,819 Estimated to the 30th of June ...36,750,000 Total ... ... $75,389,933 oTh u wold leave $426,875, provided the revenue is not overestimated nor the expenditureunderrated; to provide sgainst which Contingencies and to guard the public credit, the Secretary asks for authority to employ Treasury notes, not to exceed the sum of $20,000,000. The Customs revenue for the first quarter was $18,573,729. The Secretary calculates on only $33,000,000 for the remaining nine months. Instead of $231,000,000 in dutiable merchandise for the year entered for consumption (as the first quarter would indicate), he looks for no more tbin $174,000,000,owlngto the recent revulsion. The land and miscellaneous revenues of the year ho sets downt at $6,009,000, of which S2,3M6,09O was realized the first quarter. "Thep,ublo debt was reduced on the Ist of Jtly to $29,060,386, Thedepartmenthassnce purcbased$3,895,232, leaving the amount outstanding $252,165,154. "The department has collected anew the railway capital and debt of the country. These amount lu- caoltal .. . .. **. * i$491,435,661 417,243,664 "TeanToalcm .. repored.a $903,679,325 "The&ualinomoiseportdat48,406488. InLterest on the debt, $25,093,203." The report of the Secretary of War represents the actual force of the army on the lst day of July last at 15,764 men, reviews the Utah troubles, and advises the imrediate addition of at least five regiments to the service to put down the rebellion. The Bank statement for the week shows the extraordinary specie average of $26,069,832. On the 14th of October last the banks suspended with about $5,000,000 in their vaults. Since that time the accumulation has been going on steadily. I doubt, however, whether we shall see it as large again, as the shipments to Europe have begun again. The Atlantic took out a heavy shipment, and the Africa will do the same. The Bank statements show:- Increase iD loans . $. $1,370,448 Increase in specie .. .. 1,766,417 Increase in deposits . .. 136,944 The Cincinnati management of the Ohio Life and Trust Company have published a statement by which the disasters of that company are attempted to be shifted from tbe shoulders of the management to those of the New York cashier. They say:- " The causes whioh have brought the company to insolvency are wholly owing to the unauthorized and &isastrous transactions of the cashier of New York. " L In his dealings with, and large advances to, the Cleveland and Pittsburg Railroad Company, to aid in the completion of said road. This account has not yet been adjusted. "2, In speculations on his own account in the stock of tbfs company, as well as other companies, as al]S in the State securities, " 3. In the depreciation of stocks and securities held by him as collateral to unauthorized loans made by him in Now York. " These are the preminent items, and the loss sustained on them alone will, I fear, be of sufficient amount to absorb the entire capital of the company-over two millions of dollars." To which his friends say in reply,- "Now all this Teads very well, but Mr. Ludlow had the authority of the company for his general course of business, as wil be seen by the following letter:- (Copy.) "'Ohio Life Insurance and Truast Company, CincinnatU, Friday, Dec. 19. -M=sers. - , New York. "'I am authorized by the board of trustees of this cornpany to assure that any and all liabilities incurred by Mr. Edwin Ludlow, as cashier of this company in New York, are, and w be, recognized by this instituton, and assumed to the full exctent of any such liabilit. 'Respectfullyyours, "'Ca. STETSON, President.'" I i
WBSTMIYSTER PLAY. The third perform-ce of the Addphi having taken place last night we are now at liberty to publish the prologue and epilogue, which are as follows:- "PROLOGUS. " Eun! rursum ludosfunebres ! rursum duces "Bello peremptos luget Anglia ! oum viris "Pueros, puellas, cumque matre infantium "Discerpta atrodomembra deplorat manu. "Sed justa tandem perfidis venit hostibus "Viudicta; fusi, mcenibus exuti suis "Qaoties Britanni n6runt Martis falminaI "N Nos quoque s.orsum proprius taugit dolor, (1) "Ducemque morbo Delhiana ad mceuia, (2) " Juvenemque raptum flemus, hisce ex sedibus " Emlssum prima nuper ad stipendia; (3) "Blnosque, quorum sangaine (hen nefas !) sui "Imbuto stillavere militis manus ! "Quin et recentis dccoris in partem quoquo "Venisse gloriamur; noster eel, et hos "Superare puguis doctus ad Lares prius, "Omnes vlarum vincaens impiger moras, (4) " Agram repulsis qui tutavit hostibus. 1. "Sod hlie quidem hactenus: ne vos expectatlo "Datineat nequo lougius quid hEe tegant "AuLes%:-Factum nempe quod promisimus: "Faotuxa quid valeat, vestra est aistimatio. "Ars longa, vita brevis est:-Quemque de sU4 "Augere summam condecet pecalio. (5) "lIli sna lans est, quo jnbente primulum, "in hane alumnis commigrantibus dosnum, "5cena apparatu nithidor fulsit novo; (6) "Illlsque rrwus, aite quorum et sumptibua, "Quas tantum amabat, reddite Terentio "Erant Athene ; quique demum vestibua (7) "Contaminari prohibuit diutius "Nostratibus lepores Attici salis; "Ejusdem laudis allquld nos ipsos quoque "Videtis affectare; si non omnia, "Nonnulla certZ hle abseoluta credimus. "Idem si vobis arbitris videbitur, (8) "Palmam qui meruit artifex noster ferat; "lic aotte quondam qui memor puertae, "Accepta reddit sic libens beneficia ; "Cul,-non profecto pro meritis illas suis,- "Grates nos quantum possumus rependimus! "Aperite aliquis ! Qaid istac ? Aa vobis placet? "EPILOGUS. "Enter(Eschinus, incostame of the Pre-Raphaelite period; he carries in his haud the " Seven Lamps of Architecture,"and is busied in examining the ncw scenes critically. (EsCH.)-" HMee platea. audivi, eat renovata-(after a pause and shrugs of dissatisfaction) -quousque vetustam "Nostra adeo admittent sacula barbariem ? " Giecum irerum exemplar ! quAm plana ac putida fiunt "Omnh I ut est cramsa et plgra superficies! "Ni gracile aut sublime sapit ! ve ! peotora conea " Nostrsthm ! Exorltur Sol; nihilila notant. "Ta tamen offasas, auctor divine, tenebras (holding up his book), "Discuties ! [Enter Ctes;pho.) CT.- "Salve! quid specularis ? ohe! "Snspicor h1a pulchram Cynosuram habitare: caveto, "C(Eschime, rescieritne nova nupta. ((Esc.) Tace! "Non me vulgares accendunt pectoris natas; " Sector ego in terris solum ideale KaXov. CT.-" Umbris contentus ? ((Esc.) nimiruim crstcticus artes Nunc exquisitas, netherlasque colo. "MNmsse quid ia rebus consistat ubique venusti; " Qen quibus aptentur, forma, figtsra, color, "Id verc uspere est; unum hoo mortaitbus ngris " IenLimen curce, saubsidiumque venit: " lsthesisc divina ! (Ct.)-Ego mallem tesihedn aselli, I Cui fseni in pratis copia dulcis adest: "Cnanamsbaud ta curas ? ((Eic.)-O vitflnidigne bretfi, " Ta nunquam flea Doctor Esotedicus: "Terrenam gestas animamn: tu forte, tabelam " Zeuxidos laspiciens, nil nisi picta vides. CT.-" Quid porro vidisse licet ? (CEic.)-Mysterla rerum " Sensibus excultis interiors patent: "Artem ibi cdatamt penitAs sequor aeriosque " Effectus, spatium, vim, pathos, atque bathos ! "Tempora dignosco cautus, queis rite fuisest " Prce-latus Baphaee, postpositusve, sibi. "1, pete Mancuamim, thesauros curre per omnes ! "H Hi stitaulis plebem moUibus erudiunt. (I) General Sir EL W. B%rntar, Y.C.B. (2) Lientenaut G. HEiIam. (3) Maior W. R. Promt aud Capbn W. T. PhUllmhoe (4) Colonel B. IL Greatbod. (2) la 1722. See the Ptologus of 1859. (6) Atohbisbop markhamr and "Athenlan' Sewart, in 17&9. (7) Ilv, Dr. WMllamon, HeA4 MhMer, In 183I, CT.-" LODg6 erS-' cur me pictarL paxeis luni 2' "'Da mihi meroedem ,'-Mancunlensis it. cEso.-" Gossypitm mentes hebetat ;-ed mitte tabela; "Artibus arn cunctis exstitit uns parens- "Archi-est-Tectonice. (CT.)-Collando. (CEsc).-Ego totus in hic sum. CT.-" C0o7jurati unus num Lapkida gregis ? (Esc.-" Qaippe Inteleotttm, so Sersus, vitnque tenorerm "Humaure toum mut magmltraregit. '[Enter Mfico and De=c, who remain beh nd CEso. oortinues- lstenrng to the discussion.] "Hoc modulo fas nos experndere-quale habitittm, "Talis homo est (CT.)-Quid at viyltur absque domo ? (Eso.-" Felices hodie nosmet qui vivlmus I ums " Quando nvi medii purlor obtinuit I "Scis, antlqratn sordent aunt prorsus Athene: " Mos Is Ionicus se Doricus est odio. CT.-" OrIeca in haic iXq polmam fort aemper. (CESC).-Ineptis; "Est cumulus nud:e slmpliettatls iDers: "i Ars contrA medl eva, haud lege ant llmite iniquo " Contents, huo illuo pullulat ad libItum. "Tuam, quicquid strtimus, vsxios diffusus in artus " Symbolica exprimitor spirituh interior. "Pertinet ad mores Istud, populique salatem- CT.-" AnL Rectum atque Fidem saic, latorque, docent? (Esc.-" Grail, as RomanA nil immoralits usquam "Archi-est-tecturA-paglns sexta tene !-[Pointing to a page In his author.] "Sic ipsus dixit (CT.) -Vix hcooomprendere posglmI (EsC.-" Scilicet nethesi tu, nlserande, cares. CT.-" Saltem haud oulpabis quas Burlingtonius edes (" Stirpe comes piriter clarus et ingenlo) "Has struxit tam dilectas I (CEsO.)-bona verba; precor te; "Interdum os sapien3 claudit: (CT.)-At edA lUnm. CESO.-[Heaitating, and looking around, surveying the wails of the dormitory.] " Sordidlor domus est, diquantim et barbara ! (CT.)- Falsum id "OOmnind. (CEsc.)-Quid ai denique diruimus l (CT.)-" Ohmonstmum! (Bso.)-Et normam ad Gothicam [producirng a planof the College facxde Gothicized.] (CT.)-An ! (CESc.)-Mediseva memento, Ludi fandatrix hwus Plla fuxit: "Bart-ius boo velit, et magno meroentur-(CT.) at *ures "Obdo jam-[MAicio and D=mea now advance.] (ESc. "' Ah ! nostros Izetor adesse senes; "Salvetote ambo ! opportunt maxime adestis " Vobis judicibus lUs resoluta cadet: "Qnestio enim-(MICIo)-audlvi totum ao solo- pace 3nagistrl, "i Ilustris fateor grandiloquique tul (pointing to his book), "Sic statuo-neque tu culpaveris, CEwchine, fratris " Judiciur ex omni parte, nec ille tnum. "RNemo etenim existit nostrnum tm incultus, Athenas " Dum veteres lepidW scena novata retert, "Cui non Grece artis casta ao concinna Venustas " Pertentet tacitfi pectora Intitia ! "Num vetat ia tamen, ut perculsag sensibus idem " Vicinam adsoleat molem Inhisre Petri, "Qum sanctos apices, spectantuim et corda, sUAE vl "Suarsaim una tractus toUit in wtherios ? "Invida certantfim abEuerint discrtmina; utrisque "Graiis, atque Gothis, par tribustur honos. (CEscH : advancing-) En ! verm aesthesis nostii hoc oraculum Adeiphi Miserunt ;-plausu vos facitote ratuim "
PLATE ROBBERY.-The York papers give an acoount of an expert robbery of plate reoently committed at the Royal Station Hotel in that city, and of tho detection and apprehension of the thief. It appears that on the 2d inst., between 12 and 1 o'clock in the daytime, the coffeeroom of the hotel was entered and cleared of the plate It contained, consisting of 14 table spoons, 7 dessert spoons, 15 table forks, 13 dessert forks, and 6 teaspoons, all silver, and marked with the initial letter "H," being the property of Mr. Holiday, the proprietor of the hotel. The police were informed of the robbery, but could obtainno clue to it until about a fortnight afterwards, when a letter was received by Mfr. Read, superintendent of the Leeds police, from Mr. Foulger, of the Metropolitan force, at Moor-lane, stating that a box, contaii I06 ieces of plate, consisting of forks, spoons, knive, &o., allbroken, and vith she initials filed off, had been received in London and put into possecdon of the police, the sid box having been despatched from Leeds by a Mr. Vassalli This information was communicated to the superintendent of police at York, Mr. Chalk, and ultimately lfr. Vassalli was taken into custody. He admitted having sent the box of plate to Messrs. Sirrell and Benham, of the Barbican, London, to be refined, and stated that he had bought it of a hawker of spirit-levels, named Davis, living at Fulford, near York. ThDs man wes subsequently apprehended, and underwent two examinations before the magistrates at York ast week, when evidence was given showing that the silver intercepted at London was the property of Mr. Holiday, and that Messrs. Sirrell and Co., suspecting that it had been stolen, handed it over to the police on Its arrival at their establishment. Mr. Pere- e Vassali, in the course of his evidence, said that on Friday, the 4th inst., the prisoner came to him and offercd to sell him the plate in question. With one exception the several articles were perfect, and that which had been broken appeared to have been done for the purpose of trying whether or not it was of slver. Davsi stated that he was seUing the plate for a gentleman who did not wish It to be known, and he wished it to be broken up and sold as old silver, the price ultimately agreed upon being 4s. 6d. per ounce. The weight of the whole was liQ ounces, according to his weighing at the time; but witness afterwards found It to be 112 ounces, and he paid Davis 24 . odd, some few shiUings being allowed for the loss of weiEat occasioned by defacing the inital letter. The prlsoner, Henry DAvis, was fully committed fox trial on the charge of stealing the plate. Ar. Meek, on behalf of the bench, without wishing to cast Uan Imputation upon VasEaUli, expressed a hope that this case would operate in future as a caution against such transactions as this Bwvith Davis. Vassalli s-da he would take carenot to purohase property undersuohclrcuulstances again. Mr. MIeek said, the conduct of Messrs. Sirrell and Denham had been most honourable in the matter. The property recovered, which is to be given up to the York police, includes the whole of the plate stolen, except tlree teaspoons. AN ADVEhuREu wITH BRioADs.-The following is extracted from a letter from Ars. Harper, dated Rome, December 1, the lady mentioned as being, with her husband, of the party of travellers who were lately pillaged by brigands whue on their way from CivitaVecohia toRome:'While on board the steamer we had received much good kindness from an Irishman, who helped us with his Italian, explained the Roman money, quarrelled for us with the boatmen, and, in short, did us no end of little kindnesses. He proved to be an A merican Roman Cathollo bishop; with him were Dr. Whitehead, vice-president of the Maynooth College, and two other Irish-American prieats, a youth coming to Rome for education to enter into priest's orders, and a young man named Blake, cousin to Dr. Whtehead, and grandson of Lord French, a fine spirited *elow. This party and ourselves landed and passed through the Cus toms together; and what a scene of extortion that is from beg=nnig to end-it is a perfect robbery. Here again the bishop helped us, and when we could not get places in the diligence was so good-natured as to let us join them in a large vettura, which was only intended to hold seven, but with the addition of ourselves it was forced to contain eight. You will remember the party whom I have severally named. We had four horses, and had to go 56 Roman miles, each of which is a furlong less than an English mile. The driver (an Italian) promised to go into Rome at 7 o'clock. We left at noon, but he let everything pass us, walked up hill, and walked dow , and no talking would make him go faster. At last, about half-past 4 o'clock, he drove up to the balfway house, took ort the horses without permission, and stayed until about 6-15. Thus we had only accomplished half our journey by daylight. iVe had not left this place more than half an hour before we were sprung upon bgsi or seven brigands. Each man had a bludgoon, a pistol, and a dagger. One was stationed a few yards distant on a bank, with his blunderbuss levelled at the carriage the whole of the time, so that had resi_anoe been made he could have riddled us through and through. Blake, who was by the driver, showed fight, but was immediately struck down by a bludgeon and left for dead. Henry (Mr. Harper, the writer's husband) and one of the priests sat outside behind the driver. A wretch began striking him until ho tbrew him his purse and got down to have his watch and chain torn off, with a dagger at his throat. The other wretches had got hold of the bishop, and with two daggers and a pistol at his head he had to give up his ring of office, gold cross and chain, watch and chain, bag of 100 sovereigns-eveiything, and Dr. Whitehead and the youth ehared the same treatment. Two horrid fellows came to me in the carriage (I never got out), tore open my shawl, felt my fingers for rings, and would have taken any wedding ring and guard, only I had on a tight-fitting glove. 1 cried out '-C'est tout, c'est touts," and they, rnot knowing perhaps but what the others migbt have stripe me, left me, finding only my purse. My watch, chain, and cameo brooch I had (half in joke), at the roadside inn, put into my seoret pocket, which I carry under all my clothes, and so they are saved. The brutality of these villains can only be imagined by those who saw it; had there been any resistance they would have shot us down like so many dogs, or, more likely, because more quietly, have stabbed or otherwise murdered us; but not one of us had any means of defence, and so we Rave up all willingly for our lives. They carried away3001. ingold, a;nd 1501. more in watches, chains, and jewellry. Oar loss happily is not con.iderable, as Henry at the inn had secreted his money in his boots, as a precautionary measure, leaving only about 3s in value in his purse, hut not believing for a moment that we should be attacked. We all had perfect presence of mind at the time, and it seems wonderful to me when reviewing the whole scene-a scene of horror-the real sanf.7a-oid that I felt. The terror canre afterwards, when they were fairly gone, and the poor youth was placed in my arms in the carriage. Thank God, it proved that he was only stunned by the blow of a bludaenon upon the left temple; he was not dead. I poured some brandy and water into his mouth ; at last some went down, and after a while he showed signs of returning consciousness. It was affecting to see'Dr. Whitehead's jcy over the poor lad, and sorrow, too, for his arm was useles and we feared a ball had entered his left shoulder. -le is heir, as I understand, to 12.0001. a-year, and Dr. Whitehead had taken charge of him on this his frst tour abroad."-Wolverhampto7t Chronicle, CRYSTALPALACE ONE SHILING DAY.-Monday, Dec. 2L-Admniasions on paymnent, 355; ditto, by season tickets, 160 ; total, 515. THE TE.A TRADE, Dec. 21.-The deliverieS in London for the week were 700,9411b., which is a deceree of lJ)5O7h vwnl;mred wi the prcyivou ,tAtVmen)t,
THE MURDER AND SUICFDR IN Sr. PANCR AS. Yesterday the *djourned -iqueston the bodies of the man and woman discovered with their throats cut in the bedroom they occupied at Harper's Coffee-house, 38, Drummond.street, Euaston-square, on the night of Sunday, the 13th inst., was resnmed before Mr. Wakiey, the coroner, and the jury emp oinelled on Wednesday lst, at the Crown and Anchor Taern. Mr. John Harper said,-I reside at 38, Drummond-street, Euston-equare, and am a coffee and chophouse keeper. Thq deceased ersona lodged in my house. They came on the 3d of December. I found them dead in the room which they occupied on the night of Sunday, the 13th. They i lodged at my house 10 ds, and went out usuaDy in the afternoon. When the loangs were taken the man sid tbey wanted them for a weein They agreed to pay 3s. per day and night, including attendance. They arrlved at my house in a cab about 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the 3d. The luggage they had was a squaro biek box or case, and the carpet-bag now lying on the table before you. The man neither gave me his name nor stated hls profession. I thonght from his manner he waLs a Frenchmnan on aocount of his politeness, and always moviDg his hat whenhe went inor out. He neverspoketo me during thel1 day he ws in the house till the morning of the occurrence. He made me lso payment whbatever while he was inmy house. On the Friday prior to the occurrence they went out In the &aernoon and did not return till 9 on the following morning, and my man states that their shoes looked as if tl:ey had been walking in the country. On Saturday, the 12th, I told Mr. Harper to send the bill up, as it amounted to 5. 3s. About 1 o'clock on the Sunday, when they both came down and appeared to be going out, I said to the man I should be glad if he would settle my little bill, as I had money to y. He rephe sharply, "e ry vell; ril a y It " E then turned back and walked upstairs, and the woman followed him, as I thought, toget the money. I never saw them again alive, or heard auything of them during the afternoon. About 2 oclook I sent up my waibr to ask if they would like to take anything, but he got no answer. About half-an-hour after I sent up the servant to say she wanted tb put clean linen on the bed, but she got no answer. About half-past 7 or 8 o'clock I went up myself, and knockedloudly at the door, which I found locked, and called out if they did not give me some answer I would go to the polioe an foroe the door open, but reived no reply. I theR went to the Albany-street police station, and told the inspector, and a police-sergeant and a constable came. We went up, aaid myn man knocked and asked if they wanted a light, bat receiing no answer the sergeant of polioe knooked, and We heard the key of the door fall on the inside. I then put my shoulder to the door and burst it opei4. The police came about 10, and it was about half-peti 10 when we burst. the door open. On entering the room we saw by the light of the policeman's lantern the woman ing on the floor dead,and theman kmeeling overhir body. I exclaimed, " Oh, good God ! he has murdered the woman." I saw a tremendous gash in her throat, but could not at that time see the wound inthe man's throat from the position in which his head leant forward. There was a towel belonging to me lying on the tabie covered with blood. Mr. Robert Short 3yerssaid,-I am a surgeon resding in Melton-street, Baston-square. I was called to 38, Drum-- mond-street, about 25 minutes after 10 o'clock on the night of Sanday, the 13th. The bodies were in the position deseribed. The deceased parsons had been dead six or seven hours. The wound in the woman's throat was four inches in length on the left side, dividing all the veins, the carotid artery, and the jugular vein. It vas about an inch in depth. Her right hand was hanging over the waahhaid basin, which was half full of blood, and in her left hand shegraspeda towel. I havesince esamined the woman's body, and find no cuts or marl-s of violence about her hands. I should consider, after tbe infiction of such A wound as that described, the woman could not have lived many minutes. I have no donbt that the wround in the woman's throat wras inflicted by another person, and not by herself. I have no doubt that the wound on the tbhoat of the man was inflicted by himself, he having previously Inflicted the wound on the throat ef the woman. I saw no marks of violence about their clothes. The woman has a web between the second and third toes, but it is not a mplformation. Davis, the summoning officer of St. Pancrax, was next sw orn, and produced the propertiy ho had found aud taken possesson of belonging to the deceased persons. It consisted oE a very old silver watch of foreign (Datch) manufacture, without a maker's name or number, a jet brooch, two gold studs with silver backs, a GEerman silver pencilcase, a writing-case with the name *'"A. Hiwder" itSen at the corner; a razor-cae in which was another razor, maker's name 'Brooks and Son, Sheffield,"-it was not a companion to the razor in his hand; two bunches of keys and two Datch cents; the other articles were wearing apparel. One shirt of linen was marked "J. O." On a white handkerchief are also the initials "J. O." aud the figure " 6." Davis added that on the inside of the man's flannel shirt there were the same initials, " J. O." The maker's name in the deceased man's hat was "K oston-Zoon, Rotterdam." He also found a card of Strat's Providence Hotel, Councilstreet, Dover. Serjeant Bendall said the police had written there, aimd the reply was from Mr. Strut that the persons came there on the 19th and 20th, at night, from Ostend, Lad remained tih the 26th. It was he who sent them to the Panton Hotel. He added that he could easUy trace them, if he was paid for It and so could the police if they liked. Isidore iDufour, examlned.-I am waster at the Panton Hotel, Panton-street, Haymarket. I have seen the bodies of the man and woman, and they are the same persons who put up at our hoteL They arrived at the Panton Hotel on the 26th of November. I think they remained there about eight days. They occapied one room. I considered that they were Germans. Mr. Superintendent Loxton, of the S division of police, stated that when the persons were traoed to the Panton Hotel be directed Inspector Macdonald to write to the Providence Hotel in Dover, of which a card was found in the man's pocket. The reply was similar to the letter already read by Sergeant Bendal1-that he believed they were the same persons who left by the Canterbury coach for Panton's Hotel on the 26th. They came from Belgium by the Belgium boat Top The man was a Belgian and the woman Dutch. the man bld him so, and that she could speak no other language. They had plenty of money or taey could not have stopped so long in Dover, and he was surprised to see in the papers they had no money. Mr. Strut added that the parthes were obliged to give their nameS on coming by the Belgian boat, and as there were few passengers that night they could be easily ascertained. A letter was also received from the captain of the Topaz, datedOstend, December 18. He stated that the desuription corresponded with a lady and gentleman who came on b3ard the boat on the 20th of November, the latter of whoom called himself Clacsen, and they both passed for Dutch people. They occupied a second-class cabin, and crossing over had one bottle of wine. This was, he staktd all he knew about It, and the latter then gave all the otber passengers' names. The third latter was from the Dutch firm in Rotterdam to the Datch Consrl in London, who had sent a translation of it to Sir B. blayne. It stated tb'it they had seen by the newspapers the murder in Drmamond-street, and It struck them that the man was a clerk in their firm who had rtm away. He was about 40 years of age and the weman aboat 30. He has, they think, an old passport in which the name "J. Ockler occurs. They understood that he had pockethandkerchiefs marked " J. O." It is signed J. Rossen and Co. Ho had examined the man's linen and there was " J. O." marked in most of it. The Jury returned the following verdict:-" That the deceased persons were found dead from exhaustion by loss of blood occasioned by incised wounds in their throats, but under what circumstances the said wounds were inflictod there was not sufficient evidence to show."
RARE BooKs.-The sale of a collection of rare and valuable books was concluded yesterday at the rooms of Messrs. Sotheby and Wilkinson, aimong which the following were the most noticeable :-Lot 3, " Braithwait's Solemne JovIall Disputation," printed at the Slgne of Ree Eyes, 1617- fine oopy, In green morocco, 61. gs. 6d, Lot 29, "The NortiUmberland Household Book," with preface by Bishop Percy, privately printed for presents 1770; a fine copy, in red morocco, from the Dent Collection, 54 17s, 6d. Lot 31, " Proctor's ELstorie of Wyatt's Rebellion," imprinted by Robert Cayly, 1554; a fine copy, ia morocco, bat partly made up with MS 41. This belonged to Hearne, the antiquary, and has nss autograph and MS. note, stating "It was always reckoned a book of great atthority by such as are impartial and well versed in English history." Lot 45, "Dekker's] Magnificent Entertainment given to King James on the 15th of March, 1603," fine copy in red morocco, 61.; this was from Dent's colection, and realized 81. 8s. at his sale. Lot 54, "H amrpole's DevoLto Medytacyon in Sayenge the Psalter of Oure Lady, with divers ensamples," quaarto, Wynkyn de Words,. 1503; this was printed on vellum, and is unique, but, unu fortunately, winted two leaves; it nevertheless brought 25!. 10s., although It was purchased from Dent's collection for 61. 10s. Lot 69, "Liber Regalis (sive Ordo et Officia Coronationis Regnm et Reginarum Angliss, et de Exequiis Begalibus) ;` afine ruanoscript of the early part of the 15th centruy, upon veiltum, and one of the most authentic that exists relative to the coronation of the Kings and Queens of Englaud," 471 5s. Lot 70, a translation of the foregoing, by Mr. Sotheby, 6U los. Lot 71, " Middleton's Triumph of Truth," a mnost rare London Pageant, 4to,, 1613, 61. 10s. Lot 116, " Cicero doe Snectute et de Arm. citial," translated into Enlieh, emprynted by William Caxton about 1481, remnark-ably fine copy, of a tnobt rare volume In old Russia folio, 2751. This was the Merly copy and sold at that sae for 2101. ; a sign that the rarer cla9ses of old English bool-s are still advancing in price, for Mr. Willett's library was sold at a time when the rage for early English black-letter was considered to be at its height. Lot 117, " Dimes et Pauper," in English, folio, Wynkyn de Worde, 1496, a fine copy in Russia, from the library of Sir 1L. X Sykes, 361. Lot 127, "1 Mersale Ordinis Boati Benadicti," folio, most beautifully printed In vellum, by Sensenschmidt, at Bamberg, 1481, 731 Lot 137, Wither's * Collection of Emblems," folio, fine copy, 1635, 71. Lot 214, "H Iore Beatae Marie nVirginis, quarto, an undescribed edition, printed by Wynkyn de Worde, 1513, but imperfect, 121. Lot 263, "Messale ad Usum insignis Enclesix, Samrna," folio, Paris 1555D, 161. 6s. Lot 280, " The original agreement between r. Johnson and Edrward Cave for the first small edition of the 'Rambler,'" aLn interesting-documaent, witnesed by J. Hawkesworth, 104. Lot 2S0, "Receipt of Dr. Jobnson to Edward Cave for 501. for writing the life of Ricbard Savage, dated Dec. 1417, 651. Lot 540, the Holie Bible, quarto, p7inted ae Geneva by Row.land Hall, 1560, a sound copy, in .tzussia, 161.1Os. (This is the first and rarest edition of the Genevan version, nd very diflicult to find in good condition.) Lot 1,138, "DocumentsInedits sur l'Histoire de France," S3 vols., quarto, with atlas and plates, 601. This grat work was published at the expense of the Government of France, and was edited by MhM.Tbierry, Michel, Mignet, General Peleta and others Lot 1,520, Shakspeare, folio, 1632, a good copy of the second edition, with annotations by an old hand, but wanting,gix leaves, 121.15s. FATAL Fnm-Yesterday afternoon a fire broke out at the residenco of Mrs. Bulpin, No. S, Btalzephonu street, Bermondsey. It occurred in the back-roomn of the first-floor, and Mr Balpin was so seriously brrnt that she died a few minutes after medical assistance arrived. The fire wiLs not extinguished until the flooring was nearly destroZed autd raucla i*mvge donf h thv furs,iui,e,
FORPIGN INTALLIGBNCB. FTFAINUE [A portion of the following appeAred in our second edition of Yesteday :-1 (FRoM OUR OWN OOBESPOND2 NT.' * The men composing these companles are taught In the military hospitala to perform -pie surglcal operations, to ApplY ban%a5es dw8 wounds, preps" modioineg &o. PFA=, SATURRDAY, DEO. 19, 6 P., The trial of Madame de Jeufosse and her two sons, tharged as accomplices, and her gamekeeper, Crepel, ag principal, In the murder of M. Emile Guillot, terminated laet evening at Evreux in the acquittal of all the prisoners on every count in the indictmernt. The President of the Court immediately gave orders that they should be set at liberty. M Crewson, the advocate of the widow GuiUot, then moved that the persons just acquitted should pay as damages to Madame GuiUot the expenses of the prosecution. The Judges, having consulted for a few minutes, assented to the application, and the Court adjoturned. Highway robberies are becoming nearly as frequent in the south of France as they are in Spain and Italy. The stage-coach which runs between Vice and Marseilles was stopped on Tuesday night last between Draguignan and Lorgues by four men armed with muskets. They first isummoned the guard to deliver up two bags of silver, which they knew were on the top of the coach. One of the gang then approached the coach door, and in very polite terms assured the passengers that they need feel no alarm, s a his comrades would be satisfied with carrying off the silver. The guard attempted to make resistance, but, being overpowered, he yielded, and the robbers 'ded with the treasure, leaving the passengers, one of whom had 8,000f. in gold 'with him, delighted at their fortunate escape. EIaving arrived at Lorgues, the guard made a declaration of the facts to the commander of the Gendarmerie at that place, who sent a detachment in pursult of the robbers. The Three per Cents. closed at 67f. 40c. for the end of the montb, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents, at 92f. 25c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,337£. 60c.; Great Northern, 940f.; Strasburg, 672f. 50c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 852f. 50c.; Western of France, 672f. 50c. ; Bordeaux aul Cette, 546f.; Great Central of France, 642!. 60Oc.; ILyons and Geneva, 660f.; Bank of Czedit MobiI!er, 742f. 50c.; Austrian Raways, 703f. 75c.; Ro. mnan ROailwayrs, 480f.; Russian Railw&ays, 496f. 25c. Cour4 Auahentiu.-FAxs, December 19.-Cash Prices. -Eour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimburable for 10 years), 92f. 0oc. 25c.; Three per Cents., 67f. 67f. 5c. 10c. loc. *Bank of France, 31o0f. 3.165f. ditto (825f. paid), 3,lf. 3,15!.; Credit Foncier, Obligations of 5O0f., Fobr per Centa., 42Gf. 2oc. 425r. 4301.;* ditto, Three per Cents., 405f.; ditto, Tenths, Four t,er Cents., 91!. 25c. 87f. S0c. 90!.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 801. ; Crddit Mobi11cr, 730f. 735!. 740!C. 742!. S0c. 7401.; Discount Bank, 6 F01.; Piedmontese Five per Cents.,90E; ditto, Three per Cents. 53f ; Austrian Five per Cents., 88S 89i Romans 86. ExchanRo on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 30c.; money, 25f. 27.ic.; three months, paper 241. 75c.; money, 24f. 70c. The following is our correspondent's letter of Sunday:- The disappointment which has befallen the (ovurrier de Paris shows what little chance there Is of the French press being released from its liganionts, and how long the political structure has yet to wait before the promise of the architect is fulfilled, and Its summit "topped with the crown of liberty." The Couz-rierde Paris is an evening journal, whose existence dates about two years back. It first appeared under the incongruous title of La Yerit. The assumption of such a name wounded the susceptibility of the more passionate admirers of the "situation." Many were puzzled to know whatit meant, for verity has been long consigned to the Inxdecc Exptrgatorius, and has almost escaped the memory of men. It Is looked upon somewhat in the light of base coin,now and then tried tobe forced into circulation, but contemptuously rejected by most of those who either have a place to take in the system, or who are already in possession, and who of course do not wish to risk it by any damaging denomination. It Is regarded as an outrage on common sense, and in some sort a defiance flung in the face of a community which prospers without it, or in spite of it. By some curious manipulation, about which much petty scandal was current at the time, the YerU1, like a docile journal, changed its name, and in consideraVon thereof was alowed to be sold in the public thoroughfares like the Pays and Patnic-a privilege which added a satisfactory supplement to the scant revenue It derived from subscriptions. Encouraged by the circulars of the Minister of the Interior, announcing the utmost latitude to the exercise of universal suffrage, and affecting to believe that these circulars really meant what they said, the samue paper, under Its new title of Courrier do Paris, supported, but with becoming discretion, the independent candidates who took the field in opposition to the Government nominees. The consequence of this imprudence was the suppression of Its privilege of sale of an evening on the Boulevardi. Now, though it may be all very fine for a statesman to glory in being unsold, it is rather a fault in a book or a newvspaper. The Courriet do Paris, having its sale cut off as the penalty of giving too literal an Interpretation to official circtlars, became reduced to its original proportions, and continued for a long time to languish in obscurity. It was in that proatrate condition, fast verging towards dissolution, when that clever and eccentric person, AL Emile Girardin, took it into his head that he, perhaps, mnight galvanize it. M. Girardin had very recently sold his interest in La Presse, which he had long and successfully conducted as manager and editor. It was thought that he had abandon'ed politics for ever, and had at length settled down to the placidities of private life. "To chronicle small beer," &c., was not, however, to the taste of a man who had for so many years been foremost whereever fighting was going on. As opposition was his element, he conceived the design of resuming his polemical campaign in the columns of the Coserr.r de Paris. His plan was to establish what is caUed a "dynastic opposition," and, while supporting the Imperial reqirne, and never calling the new order of things in question. to show that auch an opposition, far from undermining, would, on the contrary, consolidate authority. In a word, he meant to show thatliberty and theImperial Government were perfectly compatible. If he ever seriously entertained such a notion it was soon dissipated. Two or three articles appeared, not under his siguature, but that of the &cr6taire de Rdaction, a harmless personage, very like what Jolm Doe or Richard Roe was in certain legal proceedings in England. In an article pubHshed in the Co-ri-er of the 12th of December, and intended as an answer to the Constitutionnel, the following heterodox passage occurs:- " Yes, we accuse yon of preferring 'the Empire without llberty,' because aou do not demand liberty for it, and we demand it, firmly convinced, as we are, that nothing opposes the existence of the Empire with lieery---quite the contrary. Does not the roof which covers the building protect its foundation ? Is not the liberty of the press, from the salutary terror vhich it holds out against abusos, more advantageous than hurtful to the Empire? Can the Emplr examine everything, hear everything?? Will any one dare to 1nform it of everything? Are there naot excesses committed by the Government which people are tempted to attribut , to the Crown; or is the Crown always certain of being correctly informed of them? Frora what occurred in Russia on the occasion of the Crimean war we can see to what fatal impotence, in periods of great trial. the most absolute authority is exposed when no - aided and enlightened by cver-vigilant liberty. Could we separate the cause of Governments from that of the people we might eay that liberty is still more useful to Govern. ments than to the people; for, after all, what Is liberty but an ennobled denunciation,hbut a system of police under another name, and applied, not any longer to persons, but to abuses?" S uch language, you w ill admit, was very bold. To stippose for a moment that the notion of not ex- posing, but merely alluding to the existence of " abuses," could b e tolerated, was one of the vildest that co uld enter the head of a man having -the remotest pretensions to common sense. The offence was too hein ous a nd too personal to be passed over. It was intimated that suich a mode of aupporting theEmpire c ould not }be allowed; an d the followin g c onluding passag ge fromn an article in {he same paper on the 13th shows the consequencees of such hardihood: "If we fail in the double task we have undertaken, and n bwhich no one succeeds by doing it otherwise-if liberty and the Government continue to be separated from eah other kiie the psles, as we have not received a mizsion from esh, w e aha31haebaffl ed the bopes of no one. 'Do yo ur duty, vatAver be 6Lo conseqcenoe'is a motto which was no, nventced for the necesotties of the present discussion, but it s Sppllable to ii, and jumfiesfies It." Thiswan the ;lst note gf The swan * its voice has aot since been hoard. I is quite clea r that the Government does not pt to be asisted O- defended in suh a fre- spoken fashion-zon tali auxcilio. It wantb no such dashing volunteers. It will not be served by such free lances. It has its own troops of the line ("penny-a-line" men?) drilled and diciplined to execute its commands without presuming to ask questions; and it is perfectly satisfied with the dreary prose of its own journals, into which not even a chaut'e-pied in the shape of a feuilleton by Damns can infuse life or warmth. The articles of the Courrier excited a certain interest, which shows that the existence of a desire for something approaching free discussion is not quite dead with the public. The campaign, however, is for the present at an end. The author of the experiment iwill apply his energies to something else, and the aCotwrrer de Paris must content itself with followiog the exaniple of most of the other Paris papers, and become a mere organ for puffing. A Blight difference has arisen between the Institute and the Government. The post of Librarian to the former became vacant a few days back, and the Institute selected an individual to fill it. It is usual to propose the candidate for the approval of the Minister of Public Instruction previously to his instalment in his office, but this is merely a matter of form, and the approval is never, or very rarely, refused. On the present occasion the Minister insisted that threenames should be proposed, of which the Government would select one. This the Institute declined doing, and the matter was referred to the Emperor. His Majesty, after due consideration, said that there were excellent reasons alleged on both sides, but that out of his "affectionate friendship" for the Institute he should allow that body to name its officer as usual, which, I beUeve, it has done. Between 6 and 7 o'clock last evening a dense fog covered the streets of Paris. The darkness was so complete that a pedestrian could not distinguish an object at a short distauce before him. In some streets it became impossible for coachmen to continue their course. In others, coachmen were forced to descend from their seats and lead their horses, calling out at the same time, to avoid a collision with others. It became impossible at length for pedestrians or coachmen who were crossing the Carrousel to find the passage leading out until the authorities ordered that policemen should be placed at short distances from each other, holding lighted torches in their hands. THE JEUFOSSE 57RIAL. (From Galignani's Alessenger of Satmrday.) This affair has at last been brought to a termination. At the aitting of the Court of Asizes of the Eure yesterday M. Desehamps addressed the court and jury on behalf of the gamekeeper, Crepel, and the two Messrs. de Jeufosse. As to Crepel, after asserting that he was of a mild and inoffendive character, the learned advocate contended that from his position irt the service of Madame de Jeufosse, and from the solemn promise he had made to the late M. de Jenfosse to watch over her and her children, he was bound to take measures to prevent her family from being outraged, as it was, by a man penetrating into her grounds at night and trying to compromise a member of her family; but that, nevertheless, in firlng at the Intruder he had never intended to kill him, as was proved by his having several times called to him before firing, and also by the fact that he had not loaded a gun expressly for the occasion, but had taken one which had been loaded npwards of a montth before. The advocate, besides, insisted on the fact that in law a person is warranted in employing firoarms in protecting an enclosed property, and he maintained that the grounds of Madame de Jeufosse 'fell within that category. As to M. Ernest de Jeufosse, his share in the affair amounted to two letters which he wrote and some expressions he had let fall, but they were not suvffient to prove any guilt on his part, and he could not have had any great animosity to Gullot in writing the letters. With respect to Albert de Jeufosse, who was a modest and inoffensive young man, he had not known that his sister's honour was compromised, and the principal charge against him was that he had cried out, " If I had been there, I would have done what Crepel did !" This young man, he added, was stated to have borrowed money from GuiUot; he had, lb was true, once borrowed 300f., but In a few days he had retarned the sum. The learned gentleman contended by expressing his belief that his clients would be acquitted. The Advocate-General, M. JolUbois, then spoke in support of the indictment. He contended that if Crepel had not had the intention to kil he would not have taken a double-barrelled gun, oae barrel of which he knew to be loaded with slugs, and would not have fired that barrel; and he maintained that the other three accused had incited him to fire the fatal shot. Be disputed what was said by the defence as to a parent having the right to fire on a man who attempted to take the honour of a daughter, and he also insisted that the Intrusion of Gullot into the grounds of Jeufosse was not one of thoss cases in which the law justified the use of firearms. In the course of his speech the learned gentleman expressed the opinion that the relations between Guillot and Blanche do Jeutosse had not gone further on her part than gross imprudence, but he declared that the honour of a daughter was not to be defended by a shot from a gtu, and that Madame de Jenfosse ought to understand that by that shet she had not only killed Guillot, but had perhaps, destroyed the honour of her daughter. On hearIng thl, Madame de Jeufosse uttered an exclanmation, and for the firs time in the course of the trial burst into tears. The President announced that the question which he shoull submit to the jury was sirnply whether the prisoners had inflicted wounds causing death, but without there being any intention to kill. The counsel for the prisoners then proceeded at some length to argue that the prisoners could not even be convicted of the crime mentioned by the President (manslaughter), inasmuch as what they had done was in self-defence. The prisoners then havinz, in zoply to questions put to them, severally declared that they had nothing to add to their defence, the President summed up the evidence. At 6 o'clock the jury retired, and in a quarter of an hour they returned with a verdict of " Not Guilty." On hearing the verdict the two young men smiled at some of their friends In the court, but MadamedeJeufosseremainedperfectlyunmoved. Theprisoners were then ordered to be discharged. The court subse. quently, on the demaud of the advocate of Madame Guillot, condemned Madame de Jeufosse and the: other accused to pay all the costs In the case. TURKEY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRRSPONMmwN.1 CONSTANTINOPLE, DEa. 12. This morning Lord Stratford is embarking on board the Austrian mail packet for Trieste. Yesterday the Grand Vizier came to take leave of him, and in the afternoon a deputation of the Britidh merchants of Galata presented an address to his Lordship, in which they thanked him for the efficacious protection which he had afforded to British interests in the Levant, and expressed their hope of seeing him soon back again. Mr. AIlson, Secretary of Embassy, takes charge of the embassy during his absence. Thoroughly acquainted not only with Constantinople, but likewise with almost every province of Turkey-having been repeatedly sent out on missions, and having enjoyed for a considerable time the confidence of Lord Stratford-the affairs could not be left tn better hands, and thus there is every hope that they will not suffer by his Lordship's absence. The Commissioners for the demarcation of the A-siatic frontier left us on Wednesday last, the 9th inst., Colonel Sinimons and M. Pelissier having embarked on board the French mail packet for Marseilles, and General Tschirlkoff, with his staff, on board the Odessa steamer. All the necessary acts have been drawn up and signed by all parties, so that nothiDg will remani for the Congress of Paris but to take cognizance of the result of the work of the Commission. A Tuirco-Russian commission wvill mark out the frontier line, which is henceforth above all dispute. Her Majesty's ship Medina, Captain Spratt, has returned from its work on the Danube, where the surveying skill of the officers of this ship has contributed not a little to facilitate the work of the Commission for the Navigation of the Danube. As in the construction of works at the mouth of this river the nautical question was of the highest importance, the presence of an experienced naval officer could not fail to give the necessary weight to I this side of the matter. Already last autumn the Medina had been upon the Danube, and a minute survey of all the three branches of the river was imade up to their junction by lieutenant C. Ti. Wilkinson, and Captain Spratt drew up a report on the delta of the Danube. In the beginning of last summer the Medina, after having made some interesting soundings aloing the basin of the Mediter. ranean, went up again to the Black Sea and the Danube, and continued to examine even more minutely all the differeat branches of the river and their comparative advantages. Captain Spratt, before coming down, has been up to Galatz, where he comminicated the result of his inquiries to the Commission, which is busy examining the different proiects which have been worked out. The Comamixioa had , good opportunity for studying the Danube this year, for the river is lower than it has been for year Besides this want of water, the heavy gales from the north-east have been peculiarly favourable to the Danube navigatdon lately. The French steamer# have mlade their last trip this week, and are to cease ruAning till next spring. This morning a telegram arrived from Yarns, stating that the Pharamond, the last but one, has run on the rocks at the entrance of the bay, and has been wrecked. This isvery unlucky at theclose of the season. The Austrian steamers wil continue running until the ice prevents them. There is a great quantity of merchandiseatGalatza ud IbraiLa waiting for transport, which induces them to brave the dangers of the winter later than usuaL M de Lesscps arrived lat week from Trieste. Of course his arrival, which coincides with Lord Stratford's departure, makes the question whether he will succeed or not more uncertain. In order to understand the position of all parties in this matter, it murst be recollected that in the firman given by the Porte to Mehemet Ali of Egypt the latter is obiged to obtain the consent of the Porte to all public undertaldngs of any magnitude. Thus, when the Viceroy wished to construct the railway from Alexandria to Suez, in spite of his opposition in the beginning, he was in the end obHged to acknowledge >the right of the Porte to sanction the work. Any queation, therefore, of this nature was to be treated between the Porte and the Pasha of Egypt. It is this latter who must propose the scheme and ask for the consent of the Porte, and no direct negotiation can take place between the latter and the projectors of the Suez Canal. They can onl1y wvork indirectly by persuading the Turks of the advantages of their scheme, and bringing Ambass,adorial In,fluence to bear on the views of the Porte on the subject. I am afraid it will require considerable eloquence to persuade the Turks, who see in the canal nothing but a large foreign occupation tending to separate Egypt more than ever from them. As for the weight of Ambamsadorial influence, M. de Lesseps has chosen the worst moment for his arrival, for, if I am not mistaken, the Turks are less disposed than ever to be obedient. AUSTRIA. (FROM cnn oww oOPxESPoNDxWr.) VIENNA, Dzc. 17. It was greatly feared that the majority of the Austrian political papers would oease to appear after the close of the present year, but the proprietors of almost all of them have announced their intention to share with the publio the heavy burden which the Finance Department has recently imposed on the press. The stamp duty on the daily papers will be 611. (10s.) a-year for each copy, but such arrangements have been made that they will not cost the public much more than they do at present. The Presse, which intends to suppress its " evening sheet," will cost 10fi. a-year instead of 811. The price of the Ost-Deutsche Post, which has also done away with its " evening sheet," will be i4fi. instead of 12fi. The Oesterreickizcke Zeitun4, which is to be published in the evenng instead of the morning, will cost 15fL instead of 12fl. The Wanderer, which will continue to publish Its evening sheet, will cost 16fi. instead of 1211. The price of the Morgentpost, a so-called Kreutzer paper, will be raised from 4ff. 48k. to 81f. 56k. a-year. The price of the Fremden-Blatt, which contains more local intelligence than any other Vienna paper, has been raised from 6if. to lOfl. a-year. The Folksfreund, which is to Austria what the Univers is to France, will cost 10il. instead of 8fl. This lastmentioned paper is so little to t'he taste of the Vienna public that it is taken in by none of the coffee-housekeepers, and by marvellously few private individuals. tJntl now the members of the Severinus Association have defrayed almost all its expenses, but in future it will be entirely in the hands of the Jesuits, and their powerful protectors, the Cardinal Archbishop of Vienna and the Minister of the Interior. On the lst inst. the reduction of the Aus. tan army commenced. Twenty men have been dismissed from each company of the 4th battalions of the regiments of the line; each "Sanitats Company"* has undergone a reduction of seven non-commissioned officers and 50 privates. Twenty-two men have been dismissed from each of the squadrons of the Cuirassier and Dragoon regiments, and 33 from each of the equadrons of the Lancer and Hussar Regiments. The dep6t " cadres" (skeletons of companies) of the cavalry regiments have been dissolved. Great numbers of artillerymen have received leave of absence, and many of the horses belonging to the batteries of the artillery regiments 3, 5, and 7 are to be sold. Eachengineer and pioneer company is to undergo a reduction of 25 men, and half the horses employed by the engineers are to be brought to the hammer. Tne whole of the flotilla on the Lago di Garda, and one company of the flotilla on the Danube, will be dissolved, but that on the Lago Maggiore wlll undergo no reduction. The maintenance of a squadron of war steamers on the last-mentioned lake is a high compliment paid by Austria the Pow erful to Sardinia the Weak;. The Gendarmerie and the armed police force are also to undergo a reduction, but the secret police will, as a matter of course, remain on its present footing. This secret police costs the State a great deal of money, but it is doubtful whether it is of much service. If a heinous crime is committed in Austria, it very frequently remains undiscovered, but, if a coffee or ale house politician should venture to express disapprobation of any of the measures of Government, information of the fact would at once be conveyed to the higher authorities. In a word, the Austrian secret police is composed of spies instead of " detectives." It is not yet definitively settled how the Theiss and Western Railroad Companies are to raise the 30,000,000f. which they will need during the coming year; but it is probable that it will be by means of lottery shares bearing no interest. The Austrians like high play, and it ia believed a lottery with large prizes to be draw four times a-year will exactly suit their taste. The following anecdote will give you some idea of the corruption which not long since prevailed aad probably stlll prevails, in the official world of iarsaw:-About 12 years ago M. Rosengold, a Jewish tradesman, made known to the higher authorities that the State was systematically robbed by certain employes. In order that the matter might not become public Rosengold was seized and thrown into prison, where he remained until the amnesty was granted at the coronation of the present Emperor. On his liberation the unfortunate man lost no time In laying his case before the new authorities, and they soon satisfied themselves that he had been infamously treated. By a special ukase the Emperor Alexander has made public the man's innocence, and given orders that certain civic distinctions shall be conferred on him. The sums contributed by private individuals in this city for the relief of the sufferers at Mayence F amount to more than 39,520 florins. The different members of the Imperial family must also have given 30,000 florins. It is a somewhat remarkable fact that the silver ingots which have now been sent to Hamburg came from that city to Vienna F a few months ago. Lord Stratford arrived at Trieste this morning. Yesterday the Nuncio, the British and Dutch Ministers, and one or two other members of the Diplomatic Corps, dined at Court. Both the Emperor and Empress are said to have appeared to be in excellent spirits. Her Majesty has, however, not yet recovered from the effects of the heavy loss which she suffered eight or nine months ago. She is often extremely sad, and it is said that her health is not so good as could be wished. Be this as it may, Her Majesty looks well, and seems to grow handsomer from day to day. In some of the German papers it is said that Anstria is about to negotiate a loan, but such is not the case. Some 60,000,0006. of the National Loan have still to be paid, and consequently the Minister of Finance will be able to get on for at least a year without troubling either the Austrian orthe foreign moneyed world. TheFrench papers deny that M. de Thouvenel is about to return to France, but positive information has reached me that he will seon leave Constantinople. He is by no means well, and requires change of air and scene. The Vienna Exchange is so sadly out of heart that even the improved quotations from abroad produce little or no effect on it. The suspension of payments of the firm of iHeine, Semon, and Co. has had an injurious effect on some Vienna houses which held Pardubitz Railroad scrip to a very considerable amount. A month ago Pardubitz "promises" were quoted at 103, and now they are down to 93. RUSSIA. (JROX( O1R ERMLIx CORtSrONDZNT.) BERLIN, Dna. 19. The Riusians are likely to be not a little annoyed at the last news that has been received from China, showing our very probable resumption of operations against Canton, even though with a force whic4, until the late feats of British bravery in the Bast Indies were performed, would have been thought wholly insufficient; and the possibility of our exerting a stringent pressure on the Government at Pekin through the med.iumn found so potent in Parliament, viz., stopping the supplie. For a long time past the Russian journals have been constantly recurring to the abortiveness of LordElgin's mission tocChina, from the circumstance of his military force having been divertedto india. Theyendeavourto show that England could not do better than admit Russia to co-operate with her in coercing this stubborn, effete old Empire into intercourse with the West, and that with the united forces of the two countries concentrated on the Celestial Empire a better result might be expected than that obtained in the last war between England and China, when the latter got off with the loss only of an island and a few millions. The position of Russia, as operating upon the north-west land frontier and on the north-east seaboard of China, is particularly favourable, they say, for making a joint attack upon China effective and decisive, reckoning, as they do, that the vessels they have lately sent round from Cronstadt to the Pacific Ocean will arrive at their cruising ground by the time we can find ourselves in a position to detach troops thither from the suppression of the Indian mutiny. Another ground put forward to enforce the peculiar desirableness of Russia's cooperation is rather difficult to appreciate. It is said that, as the United States will necessarily participate in this common campaign against the Celestials, Russia's co-peration is so desirable because she stands on such an excellent footing with America ( 1), which it cannot be said that England does (? ). The latest bright notion on the subject has been started by the Invalide, which bases more sanguine expectations of the efficacy of France's operations against China than of England's, Russia's, or America's on the cirumstance that while the latter are moved hereto only by commercial considerations, France will carry on a religious war to avenge the cruel murder of a French missionary. The further argument used by the Russians in favour of a co-operation on their part is that it will require very little effort on the part of Russia to annex a large portion of the Mongol territory, as soon as war has been declared against China, and thus effect a valuable diversion in the north, while we attack in the south. To this it may easily be answered, that if Russia finds it worth her while to annex the territory she can do so by herself, but that there is no reason why we should help her to do It. You are already aware that Admiral Putiatin, not having'found itfeaaibletoapproach theCourt of Pekin overland from Russia, left Irkutsk, passed down the Amoor, and proceeded to make his overtures to the Chinese Emperor in a very pacific manner from the port of Shanghai. Ohi October 8 the Admiral left that port for Nangasaki, on board the " America," after having sent off his despatches to Russia by M. Wolowsk1, who was to travel to Europe by the overland route. It is presumed that these despatches announcedi the failure of his mission from the refusal of the Pekin Government to receive any foreign mission in that capital. Shortly after the Admiral's departure for Japan a Hamburg vessel, Oscar, with a cargo of coals from the Amoor, brought fresh despatches for him to Shanghai. Among the Chinese in this latter port the report was current at the time of the last advices from there that the Acdmiral had brought the Emperor Hiensung a letter from his Imperial master, offering him to put down the rebellion in the Celestial dominions, but stipulating for a portion of the Mantchourlan territory as a compensation for the service, aud that the Chinese Emperorhad declined the offer. The worst feature of this report is that it has very often been current before, and has never as yet verified itself as possessedofanyfoundation in fact. Aslittleprobableis another statement, that has, however, found credence in Paris, to the effect that the Court of Pekin has summoned the Russian Government in a very peremptory tone to evacuate the territory the latter has talren possession of at the mouth of the Amoor. The failure of the Putiatin mission has excited the 'wrath of most of the St. Petersburg journals to a high degree, and the Northern Bee more particularly has of late fulminated very furiously against John Chinaman, by way of preparing the nation for news of aggressive measures having been taken against him. It said lately, among other things,- "China Is too extensive an empire to admit of its continuing any longer to lead an isolated existence, shut out from all intercourse even with those States whicb, by means of their commercial organization (England) and tneir conterminous vicinity (Russia), have the strongest claims to enter into relation with her. The spirit of European enterprise cries aloud and demands that she should approach the circle in which it reigns. The digniy ad the power of civilized States cannot be any longer indifferent to the obstinate refusals of the Court of Pekin to enter into any speCies of relation with Europe and America ; the less so, as Japan, in obedience to better impulses, and without any particular means of coercion being employed, had already done so. According to the most recent intelligence, China abides by her obstinacy, and therefore It will be no natter of surprise if China should shortly become the theatre of remarkable events of the higheat interest to Europe." This Last was written before the contents of the last letters from Hongkong could have been known in St. Petersburg, and I certainly had no reference to a resumption of operationa by a British force.
T1M GOVERN3=ETs} OF MoRocco.-The Revue Contemportaine contains au interesting article by M. Narcisse Cotte on the political and social state of the empire of Morocco, from which we condense the following account of the administration of that country :-"The whole system is compared by the author to a wino press, of which the political hiera'chy is the screw, and the Sultan Abderrahman the motive power. WVhat the said press is required to do is to p roduce torrents of gold. Obtaining treasure is the sole object of the Government. The army is but a fiscal engine; there is no navy; the administration of justice Is one of the chief sources of revenue, and public works are limited to stopping up the crevices in the tottering nmosaues with a few handfuls of mud and mortar. All other edifioes are allowed to fall to ruin. Hlouses fall in frequently, crushing the inmates to death, and yet eioit no other remark but that ' It was written !' A s to foreign relations, they are, in principle, regarded as a pestilence, to hee avolded as much as possible. The Sultan does not desire any trade with Christian nations, the encroaching spirit of wihich he dreads above all things; nay, he would wilUingly give up alli his maritime towns, were he but sure that the Christians would not encroach any further. He wants to remain at peace in the midst of his wives and coffers; his greatest desire is to be kept in ignorance of what takes Place on the points of his territory which are defiled by the presence of the Nazarenes. Tangier, the residence of the Christian consuls, is particularly odious to him; its very name is pronounced wilth contempt, and its Mussulman inhabitants are confonnded in the same class with the Jewish and Nazarene ' dogs' with whom they converse. The Sultan has a vizier, called Sidi-Mahomed.el. lKatib. This man, once a grocer, and now honoured with the title of Excelliency, desires nothing more earnestly than to be rid of his office, for he is placed between the const,ant complaints of the Consuls-Generali, who are never satisfied, and the instructions of his master, which are simply these, -to promise everything, but do nothing ; to gain time, to raise constant ob.tacles to their wishes; in short, to tire them out, and, abcove all, never to mention a word about them to the Sultan. The financial syetem recommends itself by its wonderful simplicity; there are no costly Govern. ment offices; no clerks and no bookkeepin,g-nothing hut a good stick and a few yards of rope. T'he Sultan says to one of his pashas, ' I want 100,000 piasters.' The pasha callshis kaids, or governors of towns, and says to them, 'Sidna (our lord) wants money; whichever of you does not bring me 100,000 piasters shalli die in prisonm' The caids each convoke the richest merchants and notables of their towns and say, ' Sidna wants money; let each of you bring me 1,000 piastres; he that fails to do so shali die under the bastinado.' By this means the Royal exchequer receives the sum required, being but a smalU portion of what has been extorted. The pashas, of course, get immensely rich; h ut their turn never fails to come. As soon as one of them is believed by the Sultan to have rather too mucb property, a detachment of the black guards (we mean no offence to that respectable force, for such is its official name) is sent to surround the palace of the unlucky official;he is seized wvithout ceremony, thrown across the back of a mule, tied dow"n like a bundle of straw, and thus taken to the capital, exposed all along to the most brutal treatment. He is then thrown into prison, and bastinadoed daily until he has revealed where he keeps his treasure. Four years ago the Kiaid of Dar-el-Beida underwent for a whole mouth the daily torture of being hoisted up between tw>o erect poles, and let fall again upon a heap of branches of the Barbary fig-tree, which are armed with long thorns penetratingC deep into the alesh. Still all that was got out of him only amounted to a few thousand plasters, and he expired under the barbarous torture described, w;ithout telling the place where he had burled his immense treasures. But the Sultan seldom proceeds to such extremities. When he has extorted a sufficient sum he restores his victimn to all his Former honours, and waits till he is ripe for a fresh operation. If His Majesty has resolved upon ridding himself of one of his dignitaries he sends for bin, receives him with extraordinary favon, and offers him a cup of coffee. a few hours after the audience the favoured person expires in violent convushions, and the bystanders say, 'It was na o#therP '
ELECZTON INTELLWENCE. ELGIN DISITRIr OF BiRQ1RTq BLGIN. Dim. 19. Sir James Weir Hogg, having retired at a late hour last night from the contet' for the representation of theso burghs, issued an address to the eleotors statihg that, although he had the proMnse of mipport from a large majority of electors In Egli and Peterhead, the two largest and most important towns, yet In the other towns of Banff Mcdug, and Inverqry, where local influence prevailed, the result was unfavonr ble, and he therefore did not feel jestlfled in xubjdotirg the electors to the trouble of a polL At 12 o'clock Mr. Daffappe&.ed on the hustings, accompanied by a number of hie supporters, among whom were a number of gentlemen from Bauff. There was a large crowd around the huatings, who immediately biean groaning and hissing, whlch continued durng the whole proceedings. Sheriff B}:LL having read the writ of election, Dr. PAUL stood forward to propose Mr. Grant Duff as a fit and proper person to represent the Elgin barghs in Par. liament, and was recelved with groans and hisses. The doctor spoke at some length, but the noise was such that arcely a word was heard by the reporters, who were close beside him. Mr. JAISM JONSTOXN,of Newmill, seconded the nomina. tion but was equally unsuccessful in obtaining a hearing. The SHEEist having called for a show of hands, about 20 hands were held up for Mr. Duff amid a cornplete storm of hissing and cries of "Nomineei" "Hare soup V'&c. No other candidate having been proposed, the S9heriff declared Mr. Grant Duff duly elected. Mr. GRANT DUsp then camo forward to return thanks for the honour done him, which was the signal for another volley of hissing, hooting, and cries of all kinds. Finding it impossible to obtain a hearing he dictated his speech to the ear of one of the reporters, and not a word was heard by even those around him. The proceedings then terminated with a vote of thanks to Sheritf Bell, and on the newly elected member and his friends leaving the hustings, they were xather roughly handled by the crowd, notwithstanding a strong police force. The crowd then quietly dispersed.
THE LEVIATHAN. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES, Sir,-I have resided many years at St. Petersburg. Among the splendid monuments of that magnificent city, I often gazed with admiration on the noble status of Peter the Great. There, in the centre of the immense space of Isaac' Place, It stands in Its sdmple gandeur the equestrian statue of the Czar, on the summit of an enormous block of granite, bearing the appropriate inscription, " Petro Primo, Cathe. dna Secunda"-a remicence from the great Czarina of the illustrious founder of the Russan capital. Viewing tlis mighty eams of solid rock as it stands about 100 yards from the banks of the Neva I wondered how it got there, and wa stmulated by curiosity to ascertain what were the mechanical contrivances employed to transfer the huge bulk from its native bed in Finland to its present site. Through an official friend I obtained access to the archives in the Museum at St. Petersburg, and learnt tho following particulars:- This mass of rock, which is the hardest red granite of the greatest specific gravity, was cut from the quarry close to the north shore of the Gulf of Finland at a certain eleva. tion above the water lerel, and lowered gradually down an inclined plane on to a raft built to receive it. In this operation there was no difficulty. The inclinationx was sufficiently steep to admit of the block sliding down a well-greased way by gravitation. The restraining power required in the shape of check-tackle was of the simplest kind. The rock was then floated up the Neva to a point in the river opposite its intendod site; here commenoed the operations of pro. pelling the enormous mass-of moving the maonster rock-to the spot it was to occupy, a distance greater than that the big ship has to be moved on its ways. Tho actual weight to be shifted, no doubt, was much less than that of the Leviathan, but still it was a mighty mass to move, and it had to be conveyed up, instead of down, an inclined plane, and therefore the resistanco to be overcome was propor. tionally increased. This undertaking at the time was looked upon as a great mechanical feat, and it excited among engineers and scientific men of the day as much interest as the launching of the monster ship at the present time. Crowcds attended to wit. ness the proceedings, which progressed from day to day with systematic reguLarity, until terminated with complete success. The end to be attained, namely, propelling and centrolling the movements of a great body of enormous welght, being the same in both cases, there is a parallel between them which makes it interesting, and perhaps instructive, to describe the mechanical contrivances resorted to to drag the rock from the river to the place where It now stands-a marvel to those who look upon It. The only mechanical powor used was the capstan, worked by maen with handsplkes, just as the anchor of a ship is liftod. But the peculiar feature of the arrangemaents, and which insured their saucess, was the multiplication of the lines of traction; and I cannot but think it affords a hint, which ought not to be thrown away on the engineers who have so long striven in vain to produce forces sufficlently great to move the Leviathan and control Its movements with mathematlcal precisdon-a problem however which their united skdll ought by this time to have solved. To put the rock in motion, Its weight and friction, relieved by rollers, together with the increased resistance caused by the ascent up the inclinod plane, were calculated, and the motive force required was ascertained. To obtain an amount of power in excess of that force 50 powerfal capstansw, esoh worked by 20 men and hauling on Its own cable, wore employed. The whole of the active operations were under the orders of an English admiral-I believe Grelg-then in the servlce of the Russian Empress. By beat of drum the working of tho capstans was regulated, and at every roll the granite block, put in motion by the strain on 50 different cables, attached to as many points of traction, was advanced a predetermined distance, and gra. dually moved up to its foundation without accident. There was no breaking of tackle, as there probably would have been if the force of the 50 capstans had been concentrated on one cable, whatever might have been its strength. Tho noticeable point in this suode of proceeding is the distribution of the forces employed and the subdivislon of labour. That adopted with the Leviathan is precisely the reverse, It is the accumulation and concentration of forces on a few points, producing an amount of strain which no materials moulded by human hands can resist. Hence we hear of Iron chains of gigantic dimensions snapping like glass, Iron hydraulic cylinders and pipes of immense strength bursting, solid iron drums crushing like paper, and strong beams of timber doubling up. So also it is with the fulcrums, whether anchors of the most powerful make or msses of pUes drlven deep into the ground, they all yield to the action of the concentrated forces. Now, it would seem that, if the same principle as that above described as having been successfuUy applied to move the monumental block of stone were adopted for the launching of the Leviathan, the difficultles which have so long puzzled the engineers employed in that attempt would disappear. Let them multiply their lines by traction. Instead of accumulating the forces in two or three points onlg, and using two or three chain cables of enormous strength, let them Increase the number of both ten or twenty fold and diminish the weight and cost of the latter in proportion. The conditions of the operation wil be changed, the enormous and overwhelming expenditure and wear and tear of mechanical forces and materials will cease, and be brought within reasonable and manageable bounds. For instance, we have been told that the strati upon a particular chain was equal to a pressure of 200 tons, and, as if to boast of the destructive power of the force, the sudden smapping of the massive links was related as an interesting incident. If, instead of this one force or concontrat{on of forces at one poInt, and to one chain only, 20 distinct and separate forces had been brought to bear on the shio at 20 different points and with 20 different chains or lines of traction, and each separate force had been equal to 20 tons Instead of 200 tons, the materials of each machine and chain having to resist only one-tenth of the force before used would, at a greatly diminished expense, resist that force, while the aggregate force applied would be doubled, as 20 times 20 tons would give a force of 400 instead of 200 tons. In hauling upon a chati for the purpose of traction the strain or tension is fn the ratio of the force employed. If the force exceed the resisting strength the chain will break. A disregard of this law has been tho cause of the repeated failures with the Leviathan. As my object is only to enunciate a principle I will not at present go into any details of its application. They are self evident, and can be much more readily brought into operation than the stupendous mechanical means hitherto employed, which havo cost such vast sums of money and produced such inadequate results. The great advantage of the plan above recommended Is, that the mode of applying It being arranged the forces can be multiplied ad liituam at a comparatively small expense until theagregate amount of power to overcome the vis in7rtim of the ship is obtained. Your obedient servant. GEO. CLARKE. 54, Trinity-square, Southwark. (Advertisement.]-To the Ladies of Enqland.-Now ready, the fiset volume of "The Ladles' Treasury, 'jpic Ss. In extra gilt cloth, Of vith gilt edgea 8a. Sd. Thez volume ot the Ladies' Treasury as a work desIgned exDresely for ladies. i lnoe IOf the mest elegant'ever Produced, And As aIn appDPrOPIte ChIta I pO'wnt or now ;ear's gtft-book for a lady it Canno,t be ,,rpaaeed. Volutme I. of the "1Ladloec' reaeuzy' coutains upwarcls of 200 lllustra. tione8 engr%ved In the highest style of art; aloabatfleuasa Co~rar f Mjsy Queenna iictorla, engraved on steel. The eliry cotnsicude tales by the fiest writen ; Aleo Instructions in art, IcluingfloerpatIUtIng. Paper faower
THE COEZT TUD.Z. MARK-LANE, MONDAY Aqw-v%w fl- '1 The arrivals last week We" very Smasl, Eyptn beasw excepted. The exports were 100 quArte 4t d w *b 5Z quarters of oats, 60 quarters of -bas, 26 qea4egg of pea". Of Buglleh wheat -the reoeiptg were 3,636 quarter; of foreign 12.311 quarters. Tho mornWings ,ppjrcm the near countie% was limited, the bef conditioned parcels bWing taken off at former rates, but inferior quatles were neg. lected, In the foreign trade there was rather more firnine for good parcels. The English dour amounted to 16,816 scks, the forelgu tD 2,518 sacks, nearly aU French. Xorfolka sold silowly af rather over 33s. per mack. I Frencb and A1neerScan Sa plea very little was pasdng; the best townm.nade o unaltered. Of barley there were 3,472 quarters of Finglisb, and 9,19-J quarters from abroad. The trade in all sortA was do, bt prices were unchanged. Malt found a very limited demand, the tendency being downward. The oat supply congsited of 216 quarters of English, 83(1 quarters of Scotch, and 10,662 quartc of foreign. Not. withstanding the smallness of the supply, dealers' stocks remaining good, the trade wan exceeding dulL Of foreign beans thero were 4,891 quarters; ol Engli& 618 quarters. The supply of peas consistd of only 95 quarters of foreign and 356 quarters Of native. Trade WAs qaLet for both descriptions of pulse, beans being rather cheaper The arrival of linseed was 6,224 qurter, the export log quarters. The market was firm aud rather dearer. Cakes stiU selling weU at former rates. The seed trade was inactive. Canaryseed was rather cheaper. Cloverseed and trefoil firm. Hempseed, Zapeseed, mustard, and other sorts found but a retail inquiry at unaltered rates. CUIRITENT PaIOMS OF BRITsH GRAIN AND FUjR Il MLAIK-LANZ. .heat-ssrex and Kent, white . e .. to 6f Ditto. red .. 43 - 6% 2Xortsik. LAuoolusle1rt, 5.d York - 59 Barley-Malting. 43 53 ChevaLer, newr - 37o Distlulng. 3 34 Grindiug.. 5-1 ult-Eser Nor'rfL' and uolk . 6 extra . _ RIontn. Ware, and town.made 60 66 Oais-Boglsb ferd *. .. . Potsto .0 20 23 cutoeb. ieed .. . Trlsh N&er wvhite 3021 2lno 22-2g Dltto,block' 1.2 -23 Ileans-a7an . . .3 .. .. 3-235 c es .... . . . . . . 31 3s Harrow .... . . . . . - 35-SS Pigeon.-4 Peas-White boliers . Maplo . .. .. .. .. .. I-43 PVicr-Towv n hou3ehouse 2eor!ak f 26Tb. ifie 92I_ ? Ditto, houehold." 32t 2 lorfolk and Suffolk, ex ship 3-3 FOREIGN GRAIN. Wheat-Dautse, mixed 52 to - high mixed - to -ext.- b3 to oighberg .. 47-62 - - - - - - Rok ... ~~48 -- fU 0 _7_ _ Anerican, white 50-52 red 46 -_ Pomoera.. Mee., and Uckeruk., red1 46- - - - Blledan,re l. . 45-6 ht - -0 60-6 2 D=%e ic1.S - -* . - - 47. Russin, bard ..... Z4 -6 . ___ Rt. Peterabng and RB4i m. - 45 Rhine and 23etgium ......... .__4 Bfarl-Grinding . .. . 4-23 DistillIg .. 2- S Oats- Dutch, hrew, and Folnd . 21.-5 Dittn feed. Darsb and Svwedih feed' ' 20Stralsund .12 - S Beans-Friesiand and Holtein .35. - 3X Kontngbe-rg .. . . 31 - 3? Ecypti= u n Peas eding- 4 tli inbolers. to , ,. Xudlan Ourn-3VhNt3 .............. .. .. .. .. 34... 2-S5 Yellow .. . 35 Flour- French, per .. 42 Ameriran, per barrel, Nr .. 1-24 Ditto, sweet ..... .. .. .. .. 2;- 2 NEWOASETL, DEC. l9. There has again b'ena high range of temperature for ths smou, hut the weather has been rather more wsnterlb today, There have been rather smaller arrivals of gran and flour, bot cowatwte and by ralL The trade in wheat has varied during tne week, but at pse2tsa there is considerable firmner on the part of holdern withanupwardtenden 4 in prices. At to-day's market there war arge supply of farmenrs wheat, whlch met a ready sle at an advance of is. per quarter on the rates of this day se'nunght. 8eo3h conutry and forelgn qualities in fatmsupply and tr good oondition, but not much doing at preleousrate. Flour quiet, anld. unaltered ir value. Barley 1s. per quarter lower. Oats in gose upr, andMn firm demand at late rate, Beaus and pe unchsged In 3alue. 0HESTERFIEMD, DEc 19. At to-day'samrrket there wa a fair show of wheat, which met a steady sale st some improvement in prices. Other gr'n as btfrs. At the cattle-market today there was a larger supply of ato MSth i usual, but prices generally were on the decUne, with the exeeption3 tboee for milch cows. RtETFORD, 'Duo.19. At to-day's market there wa a moderate show of wheat, and 4 more active tone In the trade, whih made all the best snmples easly saleable at ftiUy laat week's rater, a few samples making rsther ms).'e money. Bpring ears without altertlon. At the cattle-market there wa a fair supply of Stok, but the. trade was heary, store beasta being from 10s, to D0s. per he lower. Pigs in good supply and rather cheaper. Beef, d. to 8d. Per pound mutton, id. to 7id.; pork, 6a. 6d to 6. d, per stone; ldes, 654 rough fat, 4i. 9L 0
M.i:TROPOLrTJAN CATTLRE-MARKRT, Dec. 21. The arival of cattle ud abeep Into the port of Loodel from the continent during the past Week has been SmalL The Cn*atom.bha return gives au entry of 39G oxen and saws, 13 calves, and 1,775 sheeA mnaking a totl of 2309 head. This waa termed soicethiag of a holyday market, when, from ther close approach of Christratm, the demnsds have been geeratly sapD plied, and the tock on offer is comparatively smaU. The suprAy toda3 of beef was only 2.350 head of beast, for wvhih there w ttle Inquiry, at trem 4to 4&s iper etone Of ebeep the unrober on sale wasarednoed to 11,450, all of which EdI brinkly at from 4s. 4d. to 5S. fd. per slone of Sib. Of veal and pork there was little on offer butatatrbudinewac rauscted, at . itSo 5a4d., and from S. SL to 4f respectively. Friday next being thrhtmndy, bhe mrkcet will be held on Comparative Statemenit of Priee, andl Supply of ate at Market
HOP.M.ARKRT, Dec. 2L With the exceptton of a few siel of hops of ehooi csuaotet very little has been Iawing on the market durlnz the iMt week, the umu Bnepeuslon of bhaMne. consequent on the *pDra of Chdatmwa. havioR apvarently comonenced ; prioeg, meanwhlle. remaining vlthoobany Inportant alteratiou.
GLASGOW, Dcc. 19. STOCX-.xcn1AxNc.-Tbe market for rtiwA, stook iperovea during the week, and in some Istanoea a considerable rho hag been establijhed& A. lreo bsiness was transacted. The following have advancedr-Celenoenlan from 7S to 81-eatedoef.n and Dulbarionahire, 12s to 12W-rlyde,dawo Graranted,D 97U to spDlndee and Arbroa'h 26 to ait -Zdlunbrgh and Glargowv, 6fi to 5Q9. Edinburgh. inerto, and Dundce, mt tio 27GE Glasgoo , Dambarxl.on and ogeleWeirgb. 7t tor7d-soukbande loaU,lty 116 to 117-IRorti Brltihb. 47r to tO -OetUtih Midland Jion,to 66j So i;S. Bank shares hae e been more D teadr. ith few iPrainqteon. LItrme dcOW irx ln otber deorriptoons of atock. [dvformengeat.m-Net v and souperb editfon of "aMndetse cohns Soenas Wl6hodt Wperde,f-Now ready, B r" ie sad d. pledidl bound in erlearon and gold (in Imtation of nmoocco), t,bo 81x Bookn 01 iSongs Without Worda7 by hrendelmohri; wit a newrdairiPti,e preface b,v 3. W. Da *irn. E8q.g and aots t itieksn fro Se wel k;nowrn bust of Mrndelab) wb,l Joh en Ljndt. Thts,npeirab core plaet edition of the LiemSer olme Worte" Is beauetifll e~aye r.iod Eiuwd, formiing a most attractIva volume for (XIaa ii *tida &e l lear~~G.,PS 7 pest-fre, fr~ oee and B, S4 a lI.
A- A H BA11WAY dAND MINING SEdARES. Monday Evontng. The rallway-market has experlenced a further geneval advance of f to If per cent., chiefly from 8peculatiAve purclases, and, after some fluctuation, closed at the best prices of the day. Caledonian, SouthWestern, and Great Western show the greatest improvement; Eastern Counties were exceptionally fiat. Colonial shares, especially Indian, were also In considerable demand, East Indian leaving off i per cent. bigher, from the announcemenit of the Rpproacing termination of the double GJuvernment, oupsled wFith purchases for investment, arising out of the icreased supply of money. Gracld Trunk ef Canada closed 3 per cent, above the final quotalion on Saturday, and the debentures at one period marked 86, but afterwards slightly receded. French descriptions and the amaller Zoreign railways were again in request, the chief improvement bei}tg in Lombardo-Venetian and Per;nambuco, in the latter casa from a report that the B]razilian Government are about to conferadditional -advantages on thii company. American securities vwere without alteration. Canada Bonds again advanced i per cent. In mines General Mining Association closed 10s higher. Joint-stock banks were -netively dealt in, and in several instances a fractional rise occurred. In miscellaneous securities Australian Agricultural improved, and Cryztal Palace were firm, notwithstanding some rather extensive males. ORDINARY SHA.AB1 AND iSTO(CKS.
RAILWAY INTELLIG.NCE. MAN'CEESTER. SHEFFIET.D AVnT r.TVT.nr.xQtTTD1 heh working expenses and other outgoings of this company's railways (exclusive of the Manchester, South Junction, and Altronham, stated below) have amounted in the fortnight ending December the 13th to 9,9381., whilo the corresponding period of 1856 gave 9,0991. The sam of 112,3741. already stated for the first iI fortnights of tbe half-year, added to the 9,9381. as above, makes a total expeaded of 122,3121., as against 108,3771. for the corresponding 12 fortnights of the previous year, showing an increase of 13,9351. The proportion of the South-Junction, &c., receipts accruing to this company for the fortnight ending December 13, 1857, amounts to 7801., as agamst 7781. for the same period of 1856, making the receipts for the 12 fortnights ending Do- e cember 13, 1857, 14,7811., as against 9,9441. for the same i period of 1856. Thoproportion of the South Junction, &o. working expenses and other outgolngs for the fortnight end. ing December 13, 2857, is 6261., as against 5211. for the samo period of 18;6, making the total expended to December 13, 1857, 6,3711., as against 5,3011. for the corresponding 12 fortnights of the previous year. The receipts of this company's canals for the month ending November 30, 1857, have amounted to 5,5041. as against 6,1291. for the same period of 1856. The sum of 23,388, already stated for the first four months of the half-year, added to the 5,5041. as above, makes a total received of 28,8921. as against 30,0051. for the corresponding five months of the previous year. The wrorking expenses and other outgoings of the canals have been for the month of November, 1857, 3,*991. as against 3,3601. for the same period of 1856, mahang for five montha of the half-year a total expended of 9,274. as against 16,471.for the corresponding five months TRAFFIC RETURNS. Mles Las- MRet- TotaL Total ltauwaY& opev,ae ngers. cbandiee. 1857. 1M56. Week endlng Nor. 23. Grasd Trunk of Canada ... 49 ., .. 10,600 .,10,579 Week endinx Deo. 3. Detrolt and Milwaukle .,100 3., - .- 1,3C6 . 870 'Week ending Dec 4. Buffalo and Lake Huron 114 . 527 6. 60 1,217 . G. Qret Western of Canada 263 ,5,643.. 4,424 .,10,067 A.413,47 Week ending Dec 19. London, Brighton, & South Coat .. .. .. .1 9.519 3.C60 12,579 1 s.6 South-Eastemn . .-. 16.690 ..16.669
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. The following Message was derivered by President Buch1aan at Washington on the 8th inst.:- Feliow-Citizens of the Senate and House of Representa tlves,-In obedience to tho command of the Constitution it has now become my duty " to give to Congress information of the state of the Union, and recoimmend to their consideration such measures" as Ijudge to be "necessary aud expedient." Bat, first, and above all, our thanks are duty to Almaighty God for the numerous benefits which He has bestowed upon ,this people; and our united prayers ought to ascend to Him that Ha would continue to bless our great Republic in time to come as He has blessed it In time past. Since the adjournment of the last Congress our constituents have enjoyed an unusual degree of health. The earth hai yielded her fruits abundantly and has bountifaUy rewarded the toil of the husbandman. Our great staples have commanded high prices, and, up till wlthin a brief period, our manufaoturing, mineral, and mechanical ocapations have largely partaken of the general prosperity. We have possessed all the elements of material wealth in rich abundance, and yet, notwithstanding all these advantages, our country, in its monetary interests, is at the present moment in a deplorable condition. In the midst of unsarlassed plenty in alU the productions of agriculture and in all the elements of national wealth we find our manufactures suspended, our public works retarded, our private enterprises of different kinds abandoned, and thousands of useful labourers thrown out of employment and reduced to want. The revenue of the Government, which is chiefly derived from duties on imports from abroad, has been greatly redoced, while the appropriations made by Congress at its last session for the current fiscal year are very large in amount. Under these circumstances a loan may be required before the close of your present session; but this, although deeply to be regretted, would prove to be only a slight misfortune when compared with the suff ring and distress prevail. ing among the people. With this the Government cannot fail deeply to sympathize, thongh it may be without the power to extend relief. TIIE FRUNCEL REVULSrON. It is our duty to inquire what has produced such unfortu. nate results, and whether their recurrence can be prevented. In all former revulsions the blame might have been fairly attributed to a variety of co-operating causes; but not so upon the present occasion. It is apparent that our existing misfortunes have proceeded solely from our extravagant and vicious system of paper currency and bank credits, exciting the people to wild speculations and g%mbling in stocks These revalsions must continue to recar at successive inter va3s so long as the amount of the paper currency and bank loans and discounts of the country shall be left to the dis. cretion of 1,400 irresponsible banking institutions, which from the very law of their nature will consult the interest of their stockholders rather than the public welfare. The framers of the Constitution, whenthey gave to Congress the power "to coin money and to regulate the value thareof," and prohibited the States from coining money. emitting bills of credit, or making anything but gold and eilver coln a tender in payment of debts, supposed they had protected the people against the evils of an excessive and iredeemable paper currency. They are not responsible for the existing anomaly that a Government endowed with the sovereign attribute of coining money and regulating the value thereof should have no power to prevent others from driving this coin out of the country and fillinx up the channels of circulation with paper which does not represent gold and silver. It is one of the highest and most responsible daties of Government to insure to the people a sound circulating medium, the auiount of which ought to be adapted with the utmost possible wisdom and skill to the wants of internal trade and foreign exchanges. If this be either greatly above or greatly below the proper standard, the narketable valuo of every man's property is inoreased or diminished in the same proportion, and injustice to individuals as well as incalculable evils to the community are the consequence. Unfortunately, ander the construction of the Federal Constitution which has now prevailed too long to be changed, this important and delicate duty has been dissevered from the coining power, and vlrtuaUy transferred to more than 1,400 State banks, acting independently of each other, and regulating their paper issues almost exclusively by a regard to the present interests of their stockholders. Exercising the sovereign power of provlding a paper currency, instead of coin, for the country, the first duty which these banks owe to the public is to keep In their vaults a suffiolent amount of gold and silver to insure the convertibility of their notes into coin at all times and under all circumstances. No bank ought ever to be chartered without such restrictions on its buslness as to secure this result. All other restrictions are comparatively vain. This is the only true touchstone, the only effloent regulator of a paper otrrency-the only one which can gvard the public against over-issues and bank suspensions. Asa collateral and eventual serority it is doubtless wise, and in all cases ought to be required, that banks shall hold an amount of United States or State securities equal to their notes in circulation, and pledged for their redemption. This, however, farnishes no adequate security against overissues. On the contrary, it may be perverted to Inflate the currency; indeed, it is possible by this means to convert all the debts of the United States and State Governments into banknotes, without reference to the specie required to redeem them. However valuable these securities may be in themselves, they cannot be converted into gold and silver at the moment of pressure, as our experience teaches, in sufflcient time to prevent bank suspensions and the depreciation of banknotes. In England, which is to a conslderable extent a paper money country, though vastly behind our own in this respect, it was deemed advisable, anterior to the Act of Parliament of 1844, which wisely eeparated the issue of nots from the banking department, for the Bank of England always to keep on hand gold and silver equal to one-third of Its combined circulation and deposits. I this proportion was no more than sufficient to secure the convertibility of its notes, with the whole of Great Britain, and to some extent the continent of Europe, as a field for its circulation, rendering it almost impossible that a sudden and immediate run to a dangerous amount should be made upon it, the same proportion wonld certinly ba insufficint under our banking system. Each of our 1,400 banks has but a limited circumforence for Its circulation, and in the courseof averyfewdays the depositorsand noteholders might demand from such a bank a sufflclent amonnt of specie to compel it to suspend, even although it had coin in Its vaults equal to one-third of Its immediate liabilities. And yet I am not aware, with the exception of the banks of Louisiana, that any State bank throughout the Union has been required by Its charter to keep this or any other proportion of gold and silver comDared with the amount of its combined circulation and doposits. Wbat has been the consequence? In a recent report made by the Treasury Department on the condition of the banks throughout the different States, according to returns dated nearest to January, 1857, the aggregate amount of actual specie in their vaults is $5d8,349,838; of their circulation, 8214,778,822; and of their deposits, $230,351,352. Thus it appears that these banks in the aggregate have considerably less than one dollar in seven of gold and silver compared with their circulation and deposits. It was palpable, therefore, that the very first pressure must drive them to suspension, and deprive the peoplo of a convertible currency, with aU its disastrous consequences. It is truly wonderful that they should have so long con. tinued to preserve their credit, when a demand for the pay: ment of one-seventh of their immediate liabilities would have driven them into insolvency. And this is the condition of the banks, notwithstanding that 400 millions of told from California have flowed in upon us within the last eight years, and theUtide stUl continues to flow. Indeed, such has been the extravaganceof bank credits that the banks now hold a considerably less amount of specie, either in proportion to their canital or to their circulation or deposlts combined, than they did before the discovery of gold in California. While in the year 1848 their specie in proportion to their capital was more than equal to $1 for M,41 in 1857 It does not amount to $1 for every $6 33c. of their capital. In the year 1848 the specle was equal, within a very small fraetion, to $i1 ln 8i5 of their ciroulation and deposits; in 1857 it is not equal to $1. in $74 of their circul ation and deposits. From this statement it is easy to account for our financial history for the last 40 years. It has been a history of extravagantoxpansions in thebusiness of the country,followed by rafnous o-ontractions. at successve intervals the best and most enterprising men have been tem pted to their ruin by excessive bank loans of mere paper credit, exciting them to extravagant importations of foreign goods, wild speculations, and ruinous and demoralizingstock gambling. When the crisi arrives, as arrive it must, the banks can extend no relief to the people. In a vain struggle to redeem their labilities in -specie they are compelled to contract their loans and their issues; and at la-t, in the hour of distress, when their assistance is most needed, they and their debtors together sink into insolvency. It is this paper system of extravagant expansion, raising the nominal price of every artiole far beyond its real value, -when compared with the cost of similar articles in countries the circlation of which is wisely regulated, which has prevented us from competing in our own marketa with foreign manufactures, has produced extravagan' importa- ions, and has counteracted the effect of the large incidental protection afforded to our domestic manufactures by the present revenue tariff. But for this the branches of our reanufactures composed of raw materials the production of our own country-suce as cotton, iron, and woollan fabrics -would not oniy have acquired almost exclusive Po ion of the home market, but would have created for themselves a foreign market throughout the world. Deplorable, however, as may be our present financlal condition, we may yet indulge in bright hopes for the future. No other nation has ever existed which could have endurel such violent cxpansionii and contractions of paper credits without lastin,g injury; yet the buoyanicy of youth, the energieF of our population, and the spirit whbich never guails before difficulties, will enable us soon to recover from our !present financia embarrassment, and may even occasion Us speediy to forget the lesson which they have taught. E A TE:MPORARY NATIO?TAL LOAN. I In the meantimo it is the duty of the Government, by all proper means 'ithin its power, tQ aid in alleviatino the suf- ferings of the people occasioned by the suspension of the banks, and to provide against the recurrence of the same calamity. Unfortunately, in either aspect of the cawe it can do but little. Thanks to the independent Treasury, the Government has not suspended payment, asitwas compelled to do by the failure of the banks in 18-37. It wil continue to discharge its liabilities to the people in gold and silver. Its disbursements in coinr will pass into circulation, and materially assist in restoring a sound currency. From its bigh credit, should %ye be compeled to make a temporary loan, it can be effected on advantageous terms. This, however, shall, if possible, be avoided; but, if not then the amount shall be limited to the lowest practicable sum. I have therefore determined that while no useful Government works already In progress shaU be suspended, new works, not already commenced, wilU be postponed, If this an be done without injury to the country. Those necessary fcor its defence shall proceed as though there had been no crisis mn our monetary affairs. But the Federal Goverrment cannot do much to provide against a recurrence of existing evils. Even If Insurmountable constitutional objections did not exst against the creation of a national bank this would furnish no adequate preventive security. The history of the last Bank of the United States abundantly proves the trat' of this assertion. Such a bank could not, if it would, regalate the issues and credits of 1,400 State banks in Euch a manner as to prevent the ruinous expansions and contractions in our currency which afflicted the country throughout the existence of the late bank, or secure us against future suspensions. In 182.5 an effort was made by the Bank of England to ourtail the issues of the country banks under the most favourable circaumstanees. The paper currency had been expanded to a ruinous extent, and the bank put forth all Its power to cortract it, in order to reduce prices and restore the equilibrium of the foreign exchanges. It accordingly commenoed a system of curtailment of its loanS and issues, in the vain hope that the joint-stock and _private banks of the kingdom would be compeDed to follow its example. It found, however, that as it contracted they expanded, and at the end of the process, to employ the language of a very high offclial authority, vwhaterer reduction of the paper circulation was effected by the Bank of England (in 1825) was more than made up by the issue of the country banks." THE POWER OF A NATIONAL BANK.-sUGESTIroNS TO THEs STATE BABSns, But a bank of the United States would not, if it could, restrain the issues and loans of the State banks, because its duly as a regulator of the currency must often be in direct coxnfiot with the immediate interest of its stockholders. If we expect one agent to restrain or control another their interests muA at least in some degree, be antagonistic. But the directors of a Bank of the United States would feel the same interest and the same inclination with the directors of the State banks to excpand the currency, to accommodate their favourites and friends with loans, and to declare large dividends. Such has been our experience in regard to the last bank. After all, we must mainly rely upon the patriotism and 'Wisdom of the States for the prevention and redress of the eviL If they will afford us a real specie basis for our paper circulation by increasing the denomination of banknotes, first to 20 and afterwards to 50 dolars; if they will requirethat the banksshall atall times keep on hand at least one dollar of gold and silver for every three dollars of their circulation and deposlts; and if they wil provlde by a self-executing enactment, which nothing can arrest, that the moment they suspend they shl.'l go Into li^uidation, I believe that sach provisions, with a weekly publlcation by each bank of a statement of Its condition, would go far to secure us aginst future suspensions of specie payments. 3nANKRUTr LAW FOR TUE BANKS. Conl,ress, in my opinioc, possesses the power to pass a uniform bankrupt law applicable to all banking institutions throughout the United States, and I strongly recommeend its exercise. This would make it the irreversible organic law of sash bank's existence, that a 3uspension of Specie payments shall produce its civil death. Tfie instinct of self-preservation would thel compel it to perform its duties in sucha manner as to escape the penalty and preserve Its life. The existence of banks and the circulatlon of bank paper are so Identified with the hablts of our people that they cannot at this day be suddenly abolished without much immediate injury to the country. If we could confine them to their appropriate sphere, and prevent them from administering to the spirit of wild and reckless speculation by extravagant loans and issues, they might be contnaued with advantage ao the public. But this I say, after long and much refilealon, if expezience shail prove it to be impossible to enjoy the facilities which well regulated banks might afford, without at the same time suffering the calamities which the excesses of the banks have hitherto inflicted upon the country, it would then be far the lesser evil to deprive them altogether of the power to issue a paper currency, and confiae them to the functions of banks of deposit and discount. Oar relations with foreign Governments are, upon the whole, in a satlsfactory condition. The diplomatic difficulbles which existed between the Government of the United States and that of Great Britain at the adjournment of the last Congress have been happily terminated by the appointment of a British Minister to this country, who has been cordially received. While It is greatly to the Interest, as I am convlnced it is thesincere de3ire, of the Governments and people of the two countries to be on terms of intimate friendship lth each other, it has been our misfortane almost always to have had some irritating, if not dangerous, outstanding question with Great Britain. THE CLAYTON-Bsmw5ER TREDATY. Sincte origin of the Government we have been emploZed In negotiating treaties with that Power, and afterwards in discussing their true intent and meaning. In this respect the convention of April 19, 1850, commonly called te Clyton and Bntlwer Treacy, has been the most unfortunate of all, because the two) Governments place directly opposite and contradictory constractions unon Its first and most important article. While In the United States we believed that this treaty would place both Powers upon as exact equality by the stipulation than neither will ever ' occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume or exercise any dominion" over any part of Central Amerlca, It is contended by the British Government that the trae construction of this language has left them in the rightful possession of ali that portion of Central America whlch was in their occupancy at the date of the treaty; in fact. that the treaty is a virtual recognition on the part of the United States of the right of Great Britain, either as owner or protector, to the whole extensive coast of Central America, sweeping round from the Rio Hondo to the port and harbour of San Juan de Nicaragua, together with the adjacent Bay Islands, except the comparatively small portion of this between the Sarstoon and Cape Honduras. According to their construction the treaty does no moreothan simply prohibit them from extending their nossessions in Central America beyond the present limits. I: is not too mauch to assert that if in the United States the treaty had been considered susceptible of such a construction It never would have been negotiated under the authority of the President, nor woald It have received the approbation of the Senate. The universal conviction in the United States was that when our Government consented to violate its traditional and time-honoured policy, and to stiDulate with a foreign Government never to occupy or acquire territory in the Central American portion of our own continent, the consideration for this eacrifce was that Great Britain should, in this respect at least, be placed in the same position with ourselves. Whfie we have no right to doubt the sincerity of the British Government in their construction of the treaty, it is, at the same time, my deliberate conviction that this construction is in opposition both to its letter and its spirit. TATAE DALLAS-CLARENDON TREATY. Under the late Administration negotiations were instituted between the two Governments, for the purpose, If possible, of removing these difflculties; and a treaty, having this laudable object in view, was signed at London on the 17th of October, 1856, and was submitted by the President of the Senateconrthe following 10th of December. Whether this treaty, either in Its original or amended form, would have accomplished the object intended without giving birth to new and embarrassing complications between the two Governments may perhaps be well questioned. Certain It is, however, it was rendered mauch less objectionable by the different amendments made to it by the Senate. The treaty, as amended, was ratified by me on the 12th of March, 1837, and was transmitted to London for ratification by the British Government. That C-overnment expressed its willingness to concur in all the amnendments made by the Senate, with the single exception of the clause relating to Ruatan and the other islands in the Bay of Ilonduras. The article in the original treaty, as submitted to the Senate, after reciting that these Islands and their inhabitants having been by a convention bearing date the 27th day of August, 1856, between Her Britannic Majesty and the Republic of Honduras, constituted and declared a free territory, under the sovereignty of the said Republic of Honduras," stipulated that "the two contracting parties do hereby mutually engaze to recognise and respect in all future time the independence and rights of the said free territory as& part of the Republic of Honduras." Upon an examination of this convention between Great Britain and Honduras, of the 27th of August, 1856, Itwas found that, while declaring the Bay IsLands to be " a frce territory under the sovereignty of the Republic of Honduras," it deprived that republlc of rights without which its t sovereignty over themn could scarcely be said to exist. It divided themn from the remuainder of IHonduras. and gave to their inhabitants a separate Government of their oxwa with legislative, executive, and judicial officers, elected by themselves. It deprived the Government of Honduras of the taxing power in every form, and exempted the people of the islands from the performance of military duty, except for their own exclusive defence. It also prohibited that republic from erecting fortifications upon them for their protection, thus leaving thema open to invasion from any quarter; and, finally, it provided " that slavery shall not at any time hereafter be permitted to exisb therein." Had Honduras ratified this convention, she would have ratified the estabishment of a State substantially independent within her own limits, and a State at all times subject to British influence and control. Moreover, had the United States ratified the treaty with Great Britain in its origlnal form, we should have been bound " to recognize and respect in all future time' these stipulations to the prejudice of Honduras. Being in direct oppostion to the spirit and meaning of the Clayton and Bulwer treaty as understood in the United States, the Senate rejected the entire clause, and substituted in its stead a simple recognition of the sovereign right of Honduras to these islands, in the following language:- " The two contracting payties do hereby mutasily engseo to reCD9 nize and respect the ileands oe Rustan, ounas, Utia Basrbaretta, Helens, and Morat, eitiate irLnhe Bay of Honduras and off the coait of the RepubUc of Eondura,, as undwm he Sorezeganty and as part o the said Repubho of Hondums. Great Britain rejected this amendment, assigning as the only reason that the ratifications of the convention of the i 27th of August, 18, between her and Honduras had not bee, " exchanged, owing to the hesitation of that Government." HadWt ebeen done it is stated that "Her Majesty's Government would have had little difficulty in agreeimg to the modification proposed by the Senate, whioh then woult have had in effect the same signification as the iP nal wording." Whether this would have been the effeo', I :ther the mere circumstance of the exchange of 'he I 'ratificetma osi the British convention with Hondaras irier in point of time to the ratification of onr treaty with Great Britain wotld "in effect" have brd "the same signifiostion as the original wording," and thus have nullified the amendment of the Senate, may well be doubted. It is, perhaps, fortunate that the question has never arisen. The British Government, immediately after rejecting the trea1y as amended, proposed to enter into a new treaty with the United States, similar in aU respects to the treaty which they had just refused to ratify, if the United tates would consent to add to the Senate's clear and unqualified recognition of the sovereignty of Honduras over the Bay Islands the following conditional stipalation : "1 Whenever and as eon as Is Republlc of Honduras shall havs coocdudod and r3ti6 oda treaty wish Gzeat BrItaln, by whjeh Greg ll,htalim shabll ave ceded, and the ReDubUs of Honduras =hall have accepted the sad IsIsds, sgujeoct to the provUlsons and oonditions contt3ed itn unch treaty." This proposition was, of course, rejected. After the Senate had refused to recognize the British convention writh Honduras of the 27th of August, 1856, with fell knowledge of its contents, it was impneaibie for me, necessarily Ignorant of "the provisions aud conditions" which might be contained in a future convention between the same parties, to sanction them in advance.pr , ABROGATION OF THE OLAYTONB-3ULW3R TREATY BRCO55IMED. The facts is that when two nations like Great Britain and the United States, mutually desirous as they are, and I trust ever may be, of maintaining the most friendly relations with each other, have unfortunately concluded a treaty which they understand in senses directly opposite, the wisest course is to abrogate such a treaty by mutual consent and to commence anew. Had this been done promptly aUl difriculties in Central America would most probably ere this have been adjusted to the sathifaction of both parties. The time spent in dlsoussiag the meaning of the Clayton and Bnlwer Treaty would have been devoted to this praiseworthy purpose, and the task would have been the more easily accomplished because the interest of the two countries in Central America is identical, being con- ined to securing safe transits over all the routes across the THE CENTRA1, AMERICAX QUESTIONS. While entertaining these sentiments, I shall, nevertheless, not refuse to contribute to any reasonable adjustment of the Central American queetions which is not practically inconsistent with the American interpretation of the treatr. Overtures for this purpose have been recently made by the British Government in a friendly spirit, which I cordially reciprocate; but whether this renewed effort will result in success ram not yat prepared to express an opinion. A brief period wiU determine. OUR RELATIONS WITh FRANCE-COMMERCIA INSTRUCTIONS. With France our ancient relations of friendship stiU continue to exist. The French Government have in several rocent instances, which need not be enumerated, evinced a spirit of goodwill and kindness towards our country, which I heartily reciproote. It Is, notwithstanding, much to be regretted that two nations, the productions of which are of such acharacterasto invitethe most extensive exchanges andfreest commercial intercourse, should continue to enforce ancient and obsolete restrcltions of trade against each other. Our commercial treaty with France is in this respect an exception from our treaties with all other commercial nations. It jealously levies discriminating duties both on toniage and on articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of the one country, when arrving in vessels belonging to the other. More than 40 years ago-on the 3d of March, 1815-Congress passed an Act offering to alt nations to admit their vessels laden with their national productions into the ports of the United States upon the same ternus with their owrL vessels, provided they would reciprocate to us similar advantages. This Act confined the reciprocity to the productions of the respective foreign nations who might enter into the proposed arrangement with the United States. The Act of May 24, 1828, removed this restriction, and offered a similar reciprocity to aUl such vessels withoat reference to the origin of their cargoes. Upon these principles ourcommercial treaties and arrangements have been founded, except with France, and let us hope that this exception may not long exist. RUSSIA. Our relations with Ruesla remain, as they have ever boen, on the most friendly footing. The present Emperor, as well as his predecessors, have never failed, when the occasion offered, to manifest their goodwill to our country, and their friendship has always been highly appreciated by tho Government and people of the United States. OUR DIFPICULTI WITH SPAIN. With all other European Governments, cxcept that of Spain, our relations are as peaceful as we could desire. I regret to say that no progress whatever has been made since the adjournment of Congress towards the settlement of any of the numerous claims of our citizens against the Spanish Government. Beddes, the outrage committed on our flag by the Spanish war frigate Ferrolana on the high seas, off tho coast of Cuba, in March, 1855, by firinginto the American mailsteamer El Dorado,anddetatningandsearching her, remains unacknowledged and nnredressed. The general tone and temper of the Spanish Government towards that of the United States are much to be regretted. Oar p;resent Envoy Extraordiary and M3nlser Plenipotentiary to Madrid has asked tobe recaUed; and it is my purpose to send out a new Minister to Spsa, with special instructions on all questions pending between the two Governments, and with a determination to have them speedily and amicably adjusted, if this be possible. In the maeantime, whenever our Minister arges the just claims of our citizens on the notice of the Spanish Government, he is met with the objection that Congress have never made the appropriation recommended by President Polk In his annual message of December, 1847, "to be paid to the Spanish Government for the purpose of distribution among the claimants in the A mistad case.!' A similar recommendation was made by my immediate predecessor in his message of December, 1853; and entirely conourring with both in the opinion that this indemnity is justly due under the treaty with Spain of the 27th of October, 1795, I earnestly recommpnd such an appropriatioa to the favourable consideratiofof Congress. TR2tz E WITH PERS. A treaty of friendship and commerce was concluded at CoDstantlnople on the 13th of December, 1856, between the United States and Persia, the ratifications of which were exchanged at Constantinople on the 13th of June, 1857, and the treaty was proclaimed by the President on the S8th of August, 1857. This treaty, It is belived, wiU prove benefical to American commerce. The Shah has manifested an earnest disposition to cultivate friendly relations with our country, ind has expressed a strong wish that we should be represented at Teheran by a Minister Plenipotentiary; and I recommend that an appropriation be made for this purpose. OUR RELATIONS WITH CHINA. R8cent occurrenoes in China have been unfavourable to a revision of the treaty with that empire of the 3d of July, 1844, with a vlew to the securlty and extension of our commerce. The 21th article of this treaty stipulated for a revision of It in case experience should prove this to be requisite; i I in which case the two Governments will at the expiratien of 12 years from the date of said convention, treat amicably concerning the same, by means of snitable persons appointed to conducc such negotiations." These 12 years expired on the 3d of July, 1856; but long before that period it was ascertained that important changes in the treaty were necessary; and several fraitless attempts were made by the Commissioner of the United States to effect these changes. Another effort was aboUt to be made for the same purpose by our Commissioner, in conjunction with the Ministers of England and Franee, but this was suspended by the occurrence of hostUities in the Canton river between Great Britain and the Chinese empire. These hostilities have necessarily interrupted the trade of all nations with Canton, which is now In a state of blockade. and have occasioned a serious loss of life and property. Meanwhile the insurrection within the empire against the existing Imperial dynastystill continues, and it is difficult to anticipate what will be the result, Under these eircumstances, I have deemed it advisable to appoint a distingnlshedcitizen of Pennsylvania EnvoyExtra. ordinary and Minister Pleaipotentiary to proceed to China, and to avail himself of any opportunities which may offer to effect changes in the existing treaty favourable to American commerce. He left the United States for the place of his destination in July last in the war steamer Minnesota. Special Ministers to China have also been appointed by the Governments of Great Britain and Franee. While our Minister has been instructed to occupy a neutral position in reference to the existing hostilities at Canton, he will cordially co-operate with the British and French Ministers in all peaceful measures to secure by treaty stipulations those just conces3ons to commeree which the nations of the 'world have a right to expect' and which China cannot long be permitted to withhold. From assurances received I entertain no doubt that the three Ministers will act in harmonious concert to obtain similar commercial treaties for each of the Powers they represent. BRAZIL ANMDNEW GRANADA. We cannot fail to feel a deep interest in dA that coecerns the welfare of the independent republics on our own continent, as well as of the empire of BraziL Our difficulties with New Granada, which a short time since bore so threatening an aspect, are, it is to be hoped, in a fair train of settlement In a manner just and honourable to both parties. THE ISTSSMUS ROUTES. The Isthmus of Central America, including that of Panama, is the great highway between the Atlantic and Paclfic, over which a large portion of the ommerce of the world is destined to pass. The United States are more deeply interested than any other nation in preerving the freedom and security of aU the communicatlons across this isthmu. It is our duty, therefore, to t ake care that they shall not be interrupted either by invasions from our own country or by wars between the independent States of Central Amerlca. Under our treaty with New Granada of the 12th of December, 1846, we are bound to guaratee the nOutrality of tho Isthmus of Panama, through which tlh Panama Railroad passes, Is weleU as the rlghts of Sovereignty ani property which New Granada has and possesses over the said territory." This obligation Is foxnded upza equivalents grantedc by the treaty to the Government and people oa the Unite} States. Under these cirounistanwa I recommend to Congress the passage of an Act autholizing the Psesideut. in case of ne¢essity, to employ 4the land and naval forces of the JUnited States to carry into effect this guarantee of neutraity and protection. 3. also recnmnend simUar legislation for the security of ar,y other route across the Isthmus In which we may acquire an interest by treaty. With tb e independent republics on this continent it is both our duty and our interest to cultivate the most friendly relatiorr,. We can never feel indifferent to their fate, and muast 9'.ways rejoice in their prosperity. Unfortunately both for them and for us, our example and advIcoe have losi; muchl of their influence In onsequene of the lawless expedit, en which have been fitted out against some of them w'.thi the limits of our country. Nothing is better calon'ated to retard our steady material progress or impair our character as a nation than the toleration of such enterprses Iin vio,lation of the lawr of nations. TH FILIBUSTERNG EXPEDMONS. It is one of the first and higbest duties of nnyiudgVpnd#est State iu its Telations with the members of the grN,a ft3j4 of nations to restrain Its people from acts of hostile aggression against their citizens or xubjects. The most eminent writer. on public law do not hesitate to denoutno. such hostile cots as robbery and murder. Weak and feeble States, like those of CentrAl America, rnay not feel themselves able to Assert and vindicate their rights. The case would be far different if expeditions cre set on foot within our own territories to make private war against a powerful nation. If such expeditions were fitted out from abroad against any portion of our own CoDntry, to burn down our cities, murder and plunder oar pople, and nsurp our government, we should call any Power on earth to the strictest account for not preventing such enormities. Ever Etnce the Administration of General Washington Acts of Congress have been in force to punish severely the crime of setting on foot a military expedition within the limits of the United States to proceed from thenoe against a nation or State with whom wo are at peace. The pre. sent Neutrality Act of April 20,1818, is bet little more than a collection of pre-existing laws. Under this Act the President is empowered to employ the land and naval forces and the ailitia "for the purpose of preventing the carrying on of any such expedition or enterpriso from the territories and jurisdiction of the United States," and the coltectors of Castoms are authorized ,and required to detain any vessel in port when there is reason to believe she is about to take part in such lawless enterprises. When It was first rendered probable that an attempt would be made to get up another unlawful expedition against Nicaragua the Secretary of State issned instractions to the marshals and distdrt attorneys, which were directed by the Secretaries of War and the Navy to the appropriato army and navy officers, requiring them to be vigilnt, and to use their best exertions in carrying into 'effect the provlsions of the Act of blc8. Notwithstanding these precautions, the expedition has escaped from our shores. Such enterprises can do no possible good to the country, bnt have alredy inflicted much injury both on its interests and its character. They have prevented peaceful emigration from the United States to the States of Central America, which could not fail to prove highly beneficial to all the parties concerned. In a pecuniary point of view alone our citizens have sustained heavy loses from the seizure and closing of the transit route by the San Juan between the rwo oceans. The leader of the recent expedition was arrested at New Orleans, but was discharged on giving bail for his appearance in the insnfficient snum of $;2,000, 1 commend the whole subject to the serious attention of Congress, believing that our duty and our iteresta as rwell as our national character, require that we should adopt such measures as will be effectual in restrainig our citisens from commiitting such outrages. THE TREATY WITS PARAGUAY-SATISFACTION TO BE DM5IADED. I regret to Inform yon that the President of Paraguay has refused to ratify the treaty between the United States and that State as amended by the Senate, the sigeattare of which was mentioned in the Message of my predecessor to Congress at the opening of its sesson in December, 1853. The reasons assigned for this refusal will appear in the correspondence herewith submitted. It being desirable to ascertain the fitness of the river Li, Plata and its tributaries for navigation by steam, the United States' steamer Water Witch was sent thither for that purpose in 1853. This enterprise was successfuly carried on until February, 1855, 'when,while in the peaceful prosecution of her voyage up the Parana river, the steamer was fired upon by a Paraguayan fort. The fire was returned, but,as the Water Witch was of small force, and not designed for offensive operations, she retired frona the conflict. The pretex. upon which the attack was made was a decree of the rresident of the Paraguay of October, 1854, prohibiting foreign vessels of war from navigating the rivers of that State. As Paraguay, however, -was the owner of but one bank of the river of that name, the other belongingto Correntes, a State of the Argentine Confederation, the right of Its Government to expect that such adecreswouldbeobeyed cannot be acknowledged. But the Water Witch was not, properly speaking, a vessel of war. She was a small steamer engaged in a scientiric enterprise intended for the advantage of commercial States generally. Under these circumstances, I am constrained to consider the attack upon her as unjustifiable and as caling for satisfaction from the ParagDayan Government. Citizens of the United Stater, also who were estabEshed in business in Paraguay, have had their property seized and taken from them, and have otherwise been treated by the authorities in an insulting and arbitrary manner, which requires redress. A demand for these purposes wll be made in a firm, but conciliatory spirit. This will the more probably be granted if the Executive shall have authority to use other means in the event of a refusal. This is accordingly recommended. = KANSAS QUEST1o.1. It is unnecessary to state in detail the alarming condition of the territory of Kansas at the time of my inauguration. The opposing parties then stood in hostile array against other, and any accident might have relighted the flames of civil war. Besides, at this critical moment, Kansas was left without a Governor, by the resignation of GovernorGeary. On the 19th of Febrnary previous the Territorial Legis. lature had passed a law providing for the election of dele. gates on the third Monday of June to a convention to meet on the first Monday of September, for the purpose of framing a constitution preparatory to admission into the Union. Thislaw wa in the main fair and just; and it is toberegretted that all the qaalified electors hW notregistered themselves and voted under ita provisions. At the time of the election for delegates an extensive organization existed in the territory, whose avowed object it was, if need be, to put down the lawful Government by force, and to establish a Government of their own under the so-called Topeka constitution. The persons attached to this revolutionary organization abstained from takiag any part in the election. The act of the Territorial Legislature had omitted to provide for submitting to the people the constitution which might be framed by the Convention ; and in the excited state of public feeling throughout Kansas an apprehenston extensively prevaUled that; a design existed toforce upon them a constitution In relation to slavery against their wil In this emergency it became my duty, as it was my unnuestionable right, having in view t,he union of all good citszens in eupport of the Territorial Lavws, to express an opinion on the true construction of the provisions concerning slavery contained in the organic Act of Congress of the 30th of May, 1854. Congress declared it to be "the true intent and meaning of this Act not to legislate slavery into auy territory or gttate, nor to exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their do. mestic institutions in their own way." UInder it Kansas, " when admitted As a State," was to " 'be received into the Union, with or without slavery, as their constitution may prescribe at the time of their admission." Did Congress mean by this language that the delegates elected to frame a constitution should have authority finally to decide the question of slavery, or did they intend by leaving it to the people that the people of Kansas themselves should decide this question by a direct vote 9 On this subject I confess I had never entertained a serlous doubt, and therefore in my instructions to Governor Walker of the 28th March last I merely said that when " a constitution shall be sabmitted to the people of the territory, they Imust be protected in the exercise of their right of voting for or against that Instrament, and the fair expression of the popular will mast not be interrupted by fraud or violence." In expressing this opinion it was far from my intention to interfere with the decision of the people of Kansas, either for or against slavery. From this I have always carefully abstained. Intrusted with the duty of taidng "care that the laws be faithfully executed," my only desire was that the people of Kansas should furnish to Congress the evidence required by the organic act, whether for or against slavery, and in this manner smooth their passage into the Jnion. In emerging from the condition of territorlal dependence into that of a sovereign State, It was their duty, in my opinion, to make known their Vill by the votes of the majority, on the direct qaestiox whether this important domestc institution should or should not continue to exist. Indeed, this was the only posible mode in which their will could be authentically ascertained. The election of delegates to a Convention must necessarily take place in sepaate districts. Prom this cause it may readily happen, AS has often been the case, that a majority of the people of a State or territory are on one side of a question, while a majority of the representatives from the several disricts into which it is divided may be upon the other side. This arises from the fact that in some districts delegates may be elected by small majorities, while in others those of different sentiments mayreceive majorities suifinently great not only to overcome the votes given for the former, bat to leave a large majority of the whole people in direct opposition to a majority of tho delegates. Besides, our history proves that influences may be brought to bear on the representative ~nfficiently powerful to induce him to disregard the wil of his constituents. Tbh truth is, that nso other authentic and satisfactory mode exists of Ascertaining the will of a majority of the people of any State or territory on an important and exciting question likeo that of slavery in Kansas, except by leaving It to a direct veto. Eow wise, then, was it for Congress to pass over all subordinate and intermediate agencies, and proceed directly to the-source of all legitimate powier under our Institution5 ! 'bo vai woul any other principle Prove in practice t This mayeiilustated by the caso of Kansas. Should she be a ited into the U nion, with a constitnuon either malataiHimg or abolishing slavery, against the sentimen t of the peope,, this sould have no other effct then to continue and to exasperts the existlng agttation during tho brief Period tquired to make constitutiostt¢on conform to the irresiBtible wil of the mnajority. TI'he friends aud supporters of theo Nbrasa and KEsnsas Act, wh en strugglng on a . recenat ocasion io sustain Its wide provisions before the greaA tribunal of the American, People, never diled about ita trge meaning on this sbbject. Everywere througtrhout the Uhion thoyy publici lledge their faith and their honoun that they would ohbee ty sub- mit h c qu estion of sltavry tro So hew do n t of t pentoL ot Kansas, without a y eretri to itionoldt¢ qualific whatever. All wer cordiathe ul ncta sun thegat do- e cE p opular sovtreiagnt, which as the rinedmjority ot all thei cIns tIt mtis,th mld i hae been. ins taen from any quarter that it wruld * bo a suffciet comzplianc with the requdisition of the oao lrgan latfho homemberso of accon vention ther ealter to bc elected to withod the question of slavery frcuin the opeope and to subsitiute their owonn will for that oS a legally ascertalned rmajority oE all their consititents, this would have been instantly rejjedtd. Evorywhere they remained true to the resolution. adopteda or.aelebsarted ocosloa rognizing " the rigtt or the peop'.a, of all the territories-ineluding Kansas and Nebrask,-acti:ng through thle legally and fairl expressed will of ak majority of actual residents, ad whoonever the nmuba, o of teir inhabitauts justilies it, to form a, eonsStnt tion, ,itb or without slavery, and be nadmited into the 7Un.3p upoa terms of perfect equality with the othar The Conventlon to frame a consltntion for KLansas ran SR the fiGt Monday of September last. They were Oalled together by virtue of an act of the Territorlal Legislature, v whosa )awful existence had been reoognized by congress f different form and by different enaotments. A large proo 7Fortion. of th e zcilz u did ricM think- propr tt
TO. the FREZEOLDEXW and EL'E'JTORS of the COUN'TY of centlemm BUCKIN(HAML '~OU have already been Wnormed by the address of L Me. CAavndleb, the son of your late Mmbmer, that aler.ogW baa occurzed in tbe representatIon ot the oDunty I wa gretly urpisedsomedaeagoto receiTe lb roquIidtion, numeousl sined,callng pen ns t coe forward as a candidakte. Howverflateingeuca iqust igh he Ifelt thee aaeldonzow, tha Itwoud bre eenmor beittng he csson If some resIdelnt and nflencehadbeen keleated for tbat It appears bowever, that this decision on mIy Part has cauiled mc dIsappoIntment, aud I bare this lay been again strougly Urged toan nonocem;self asiscandldate. IobeytbecalI; and IiwflUlth for Jse gentltemen who have chosen me to light your battle, to giTe me im support which Wml Insure a victory, for the cause is yous", not mines. Apart from the higha honour of being conmidered worthy of represent. log you in PArliamen(t, I would rather for the present have remained In private lfe. bo;, hLving accei.te. the requisition to come forward, my ony ambition 1s to be returted by the free choice of the electors. hen I had the honour of represeting the borough and hundreds of Aylesbury, during a period of eight yeses I roted independen tly so a Lte3rald ConservatITe, And mry political opinons have undergoceaso change. The unfertunste delay which has takren plwc, but wFhich really It nio faut o mie, illtoail prven mymaknja personal oanvasa of the couny. mus, tereore,trut toyouwhohaves declarea your wiah I aethe honoour tDobe, Gentlemen, ~~ Dee. 18. Yoar verjy humble rerraen. C.J. Bi. HAMILTON. ~onehlCcpthe. WhOeverwIl bein the saLMe oBoo Ith'olbay 3Q07 TORIAN LO~NIIB Wil CLOSE on the 15th of April 1I5. J. P. MTI7.7 N, 3financia Agent of Meoados. TLondon. October 15, 1857. -DERUVIA-N FOUR-AND.A-HALF per OENT. JLEXTE'RNAL DEBT, conuverted from the Six per Cent, Initernal. Liss my b ha o aplictio aterthe28bint., an)d the Qouponx 15. lshpsgae.ereetwitin, ondn, Dcemer,1857. EW SOUTH WALES GOVERNMENT DE- Illviduestn Loondon, Det ana. 9 ee n1llt857beto linsee ByOK the oem ent. trn ofns New Brunhalswiece xpft thCe net Ste.iateds igit tt truhteBnoewStouthiv Waes aend drawn, speuiall Claims fbour Batrin Bottr and Couo.,muwt belf thAee oen dhat or exbrocnedloumdaandformsdfor smeciding the samedma betea h hadonapplyin Thealnd eedltetstret contnd-onuwec 8. 1851'.v-tretwdln we f1ABSADA STERLING DEBE-NTURE, NoAY Jive Per CenT.LOANd.-The DIVIDEND WARRA&NTS, fallingdu duontheistof Jannarylnert, on theaoe Bons.la whrlob were ned-* tint edtr uent BDarn rter n o, will be PAID oni that or awaeasdi ay suceigdy(Tuesday and Friday exceptedi, between the hours of 1 n ,a h 10 amng 2,at hei ountsing houthm 8,d Clsopaaamu-tret wi os fthin,whr lists mayku umoatberobtaied,mo U,C brln,dani t moet on the let of Januaryl next, o the Prtiulassian Shterin woure and-a-- Bel! er Vnt. Bnds,will o PAD onthtr anyi suco Dcedineda (TuedayandFridy eoeedl.beteenthehoue oft 10dad 2, atthe cosmtng-hore ofBarin Broters ad Co esendthed2 Reds of this Lon,mkigoeatherth sum of`UOCD sferlig drawn ino St. Petersburg for dnasian ther6ho oember 1t nowf boedse asinty for payteDoin ThI ieC fte2tho oebr e aSONd P. OOf D feemer andth 28h fFbrary188' heBons ot presetabedrIsg that tmwl ovnlyb paSOIPI ONt eS wbequ pesomid tofadsthe paumen of the tlhed omsooapplicatIon tther conig-oeeodain rthrn Ao,8, shpgite.detpreDt wirthin, mth 5 I~'UND are reat3 JROHNIED fARDStbecipret of .32th HSPTALfo CN8OgprOf,rm for.17 patient arbwoin orkdmssi anthre aren nowl80 bed empt fhorie whant Dec. LONDON OPHTHA .MC HOSP. cr TJIHEImme'sln-odiate rAID ofCathc chasriet.Atl thi fnlmost .Lrgent re oplestedr) farte WESTull LuoNDoNs addIstPEiSSg, ro-l elOierlogreO lef.Codaily, ans ohewibe 1 mostthnowat thelbeginning o winer. beq Tedsre. EDWIk of O MAY,ud Ms.Smt,&,PHone Sec. Dmits, bnkers, Seymou"r-mes,treet rSbymour-gstreet,r.a h oi r[E OSMITALESorEOEN HSPITAZ-sqan-re. Esta the anul shent.of anothr bed:-IeotuDnCne ano usbd T rh . Jaddeome od Hoptalounded 175 Inoprae 8 onas AFsiend,pseDr.PeoThe HosmithI5 u 0 tile alter0. Tevelyn, do. 4f 0oenr eaInetl JOH RCHADSN, Secretary. WESTMITNSTERE HOSPITITA, Bord Womeuary andohldr eatnn.hsr-terAbey.Thisortmpital ore.lnntted in tIOe yare earest. oiiledtowee thebiti teYneo %abiurdemad sona n sh anty wich relot :ievtesandaerg ottthtnumber daiy o 52Opatents,myo ath audhmbeofI free sufrn and piwtovtetrtybing thof l reco in-dtfll The Honuitl bxooks are oe diail them 10tIlle, when ads ber In ZItd t 'vsi sod. waslectbae vestablisDment. g h Am eio a Ths hsbe rmlg ia aaUbon thisel doerenent rueon vothe sppcamtrbtonaeonsuana helegunersm andeod di nessingowhi, and cet relie Contt eributonwlly bpeameet thankfullyn rtcimedt h beWm. Emel,Reqt Tor easurer. BankIi ovofuEnglat ndl eosmith, Paynme andb Smithsankers, 1,m Lombteard street:o byte eoret aga , at the umrDa- a blle,ont.-.for Sdm rron's. pr pnCne snwpbihd whoaretllowendsus tormananunlimitbadfntim oe.Theiodpitbealsurgrauentlsinwatheofunds PalndoltheoWeAe klyBoard of Governors arnetl entrea AID.) Pallralloes or andb.elptone il PetAsnifullyeeceivoed by Chaplin. , Fielnonbu; rbysqa,Ihrtnad the erey SthWeecretngtry at the limpitel. By orderN. J IBl.Bae W IRTe. CHALES MOXFALEX, SHDDE, P Beceewo tar. to be ~ HOPIA, BretoWLLA OULdN Hontuary Wh EasLL0 COLwaLtEGdE, Intearingdom,ethle andr sTh. post 4weed b isstarl onbutelouto71903bprsns wovte aTmittedinst Gyerainadotainsan d out LofTER that Mnumer 13,052 were eceive LeTue annulatl expeilo3nreilb del~-dkuringttelatde er hsaeraged been only £5444 Ils. lid. irn welty ate uponvolntay catobotonand he egaiesof eces ted buenofactors, %rlntfr lOeNc,a Itr IAMobviourthatu. unlqe1hencme,anb uslTheojedl, m of hiluthe wardsms tob prydle rdeaanstth numerousth apolanast orDadmiDssion. tae fa oDlan olm:wk Donaions andeuberlptons tli e thnkfltlyeeived b tothe uJoint aMd LoT&1 Pllmales,ndP SCOO, Hendo,nEo (Msr. Wddlesand ResidMwte. Re. PHLIP MIT. J..,WILSO d,byecretaff. ofmWeStEOURt E besidswotbrr,e*W.m on religiousAOKENzIE, M.L, Preesenras of utd mue lso nStb. JanuaryonIsth.tApplicatnd forhy trOse auols ii and furter e ortiuen iJI WELL COLEGE, nearEpsot,eSuread Mater,o Glyn Sar, LET TRIsI 185, COMENed n Se 2d0t January 2. acme PETU of the puisbi NpeaEdXoTon a lXA Ife,TsOme for h WonlvwetlebsTsame A-INTO for the sleri xaDminatiONs, omefo 0DThe Javoliand IMil Itr oclollees Tem,scoldpatet 4.o For eport, ap;cseut umb,cr pl tof Dr.ndidates , the Ponomeientipa3, The objcts wite Institu~tioni toatInprulovide resdent ppmus thba plawen th atomies the1 audv2yantrs.of A schooeslcanddsacolee; w'It The subnts- and order of Examination, wil be as follows saturday,llth Jaouary-Mesliral lns.ection of Candidate,. Monday. 18th Jaun'iry-Geometrical Drawing. Tuesday. 19th Jm:mary-Frenoh. Wednagady ETh Janssavy-Germao. ThursdsU2ist Janu,ry- urwe NMathematics lmday Jauazy-btxedMathematices. Saturday, 93d Jan-aary-Landsampo Dmw;lng, Monday, 25th.T&nuxry-Eoglisb. Tuesda.y. 26th January-C1..scz, LAtin. Wednesday. 27th .Tauuary-Clarslcs, Gree'k. ThuWrsa. 8hJoa-BrrmnaSlnc. Friday, 29thx Janunry- Natural Science. Further to! ormatlon may he obtained oni reference to the War-office P'ail-mali, S.W.V Gentlemnen desirous of becoming candidates Ell-oad eond in theIf namesto theWar-offl,eon o,rbefore la Janua'ry, accompanied, 1. By a certificate of Baptism. 2. BY a certficakle of MlOral Character. 3. B3y A statement of the enzbiests In which they desire to be ox&mined. Every candidateis reonested to bring with himn a eseof rawing in strumnents,peucils, end. Indian Ink, H, B. DEIVJIRY. War-office, P,,l-mall, tR.W.,18th December, 2887. R OYAL GRAWMAR SCHOOL, Lancaatr.A SECBFO ND BMATER will be REQUIRtED for the abmov S;Mtvl Orders and Gradate i claslsel ononr of Oford er Cambrig. flLARA SEYTOli's SHARSPERIAN and MUSIAL LICTUES.-O-NIET,Waltham Abbey. Mis Clar Setonwil shrtl betresee wih alJoetumne andl Obaroe Bntrtanmst. ntiled~' he mnio,,a Tuchat the Times, writenby , 3 Buton Re.; he ew nd rignalinate (with th~e exoptin o abalad y eo.Lineylcoposd frber by Stephen Glovr. pplcotoes se sual t o H,anmod'e 9 .N e w Bocd-street. STRAND THEATRE,-Great Chiristmas Attraction c-HARLEQUIN NOVELTY AND TU.' PRINCE, S WHlo LOST HER EHIART. an entirely novel brlesque panicmlme. Firnt Performance On ChMmlrtnn Evr, Dec 24. MomI9rning mfoi4soe at 2 on Dial1og DAY. (1 EATNAIONL SANARD THEATREC 1~ Ooredtob-THT EVINIE, tocomence with OTCEILLOOthello Herr eldep, he celbreteseGerman redv (his first appear, cuesin ssaend. T coclud wih TR PtESGAICI,inwhich Mcik B. onnr tG te wolettrpgt oflbseoPanT hiUaPvou. :E)R,ESY'a ITEAThE.-PicooiomjrM 0e11d][11; 8eR1ettl, ROMz,%115lettt, anl *ldiflithbrl. ighr t a,teday, Do. 299 munday DM 31 ,aturdar, Ja= 2.-The following f&alowttt operas WiM be Avoen :-inodsar, Dec.19, IL TROVA.TOEII; Thunday. De 31, La f ur 8atrday, Jan' 3, Luds di Limermoor. Pilces:-Plt atal; 19d I13L boxee (to hold four pDern), pit and ooe pi, AZ Sg.; graud tier. i 3S *Rtwo t ill8s.; thren pair, 15s.. 5allr boxes IDS. : gaLlery stall, S.S. 3.;d f. gae. 2a. 2 t hoioxoec wlU WIe openb aWednesday DOc 23. Boxes and stalls maiy, 3 Ih hie eattme, be ReOMad by ap: alcatlon to Kr. Fish, stage-door. Hler Majesty's Theare ITHRATBRE ROYAL, BA I T.RIS pub5. tat (boedr , the bet nIght of the greatl enes c)oey. 2AR bengteQQLMTB n h etogto h CARe Ow DOWE-. Mr.Wappopar fohooroantoM LDoouetone.go Concludig wit the Smpayo sh balet ot TE STA h O t 3 ANDAwiLkU To mLriow (Wodtherdae, the ReneDf d Mis Amy Seolr and ls nIght of her enganement. The ayarket Comic Pantomime on rpEAT RE ROYL, lAYMARlET . Mbut ,^On o T?AY 8YGm10 Busetl ;zdtm Th Dery ftEdoDll orkeo' -,ablc,th4 he BENICITwill take pisce Tomoerowr Wednesday, DoIo. 2O, beINg thelad night of her engagendt, On thech ocation uhthel *tlay ef ottT^HE REIGleNING AVOURiTE. fr whigh the comedr of TEI DOTWAGE: tbe Dowager, isunedrl, Alfred IAda tat time); Mr Bucktaone. Concludingwith the neir fearce go. TaKE CAelestW - Pae, Mr. Wt bohe, and 3r adBdodi sthea istobl chadatthemoAndfthe sromloilld otTS RM .LOeof:The;RO £ ADElgPRLIIt- Night butl Q T 1titw, or. W1's for bendia I b KammDrapentd In Qustbotor Wh- tbe thel pu dram of Tr REa to e WashEt ot Atr and rew wonery, odne , antd Inewbte, Mad Wriegte, nd Mra. redfgrd Mn panoYuim; WM now nUMr,dntik TE13:ATRB;-Sol Le 0nd thei Erigina d threrL. And the beof Oup aandoof T bitAPdr QUltIon. ot bcw. Wh'efr. ma MorVime. BerI &aledr Paule Aorde, li.i Eederlen.Ac (teoBbated dalm, Dec. 6 oIogIgtI, wl hem rte provduerd thelpopuardrin kof c -o-Ws,wt e Billingeor. Mr. eAlby, edo nd issArDe Iwill appeortl After w w e &roce th gandd new unionet patMimaer, wit h newsceey Dll- tri Theatra MOpfeinatfGn to, cnted Hlewin an The oUpd adib: b Rise k'rt Wominaton ofis baryeleor. aiss Mtomimer (Ler Sr aperOO ).Mr PaulBedord Her Kederen (he eler;te Cownr. r Haeoking.n ;~~~~~~~~'odm Woo -= THR-&TRE ROYAL, HAYMARKETL Popla,o a. aLo Webstero D t Maam Oele TaIS liV , THE GREEN B'UBtM or, A Hundred withdaw Ago. willem Co el aginreWreet*d n-thedtheard. Wt T DAPhEBY QUWTnlor Yo;t bi&° Wh th P. Bexet, i hoo Afen ard bth kraosu of Mr. . WeantT perio of anagment ItMi he repleatdHI EoaenING andl nOY ALoNdaSyne SEI, Undert * - meDnet of hSr. Cbis l wle ROYAL OLTAIO TE-Bl L n. <)Xlit . BobLon ~~and W.Szgo =sr ManD bager, Mr. Obarles Dlllou.-Th Theatre will O r Stheling :SUBa1Y T8MTe2:. LeoofIfRO Ma.T hepherD a td Cwh,lth THI8- EVENING. J&Ntl 8HORII: Mter armetk Potter Vomlbinaton ;Mlof bu r lsbuene. And Toie H0LAIL5AOOi Duke ATEz,,E Potter; Rnctndr. tbepheroUblsdboaor. MrlVequin an CtutOhhWe IL tnheDes. okDuoe. d hrWiddeatro s - tis, Woa C 3harne; ZDi on:o MD3 Bt Johsthone; Hostont. the oWntber TA TRE ROYAL BAYMHITHXET, ~lod the Management y1 Mr. W ncstCo e. THND CATUEIIG AN DNELEAL MATCH: by Mcus m. Buckrend tntrodudng the ag. l rrend foregt ArU. bndudinwi t Farce.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ TTO COW whPOichMr.TS. Our readewi are requested to observeDtatC thC e prtce of The Timr. s btedrced to rd., and tahat id. Is the priee of a copy Width the impessed stap affixed. Under the amended regoa,lAons of the PoeatAo.&aae (No. 60) Wle Pimes is transed sdWie by poot to EBrStiONh Co.iWh osd for dig eoymtries ilteour an irenaMi es o xtep. No notloe cUn be taken of mronyoas eomman on Wisatevertintended fo insertion nsX be *uther ticatd by to nme ad xdrewe of thte writer not rEneeselly TrI EVElNINGwil bu as p gearantee of d ih good fafth We canet k.ees ko to retorn redWtedS ommuneo. n The MisDatbot of Tx TSA ToH SWAat f oJaobk yeard momn Comm.cd fisatbed at 15 .n o 8. SURYTETE
LON3DXN, TU2DA Y, DrCzB.MBB n2, I&W. The kzawge of President BuCHAN1Y was delivered to the Senate and House of Representatives at Washington on the 8th of the present month. To an American the document may not have more than the usual importance, inazmuch as there must always be a succession of local questions which interest him as much as any that are treated of here. Bat on this side of the ocean the Message will not fail to be read with eapecial attentioa, since it deals with two subjeets on which the public mind has lately been more or less occupied-the monetary crisis amd the position of Central America. The priciples on which our Bank Act of 1844 is founded have lately received the acquiescence of nmen of all parties in this country. Although for years there has been a desultory warfare kept up ly its opponents, no sooner has danger seriously threatened than every one who had a reputation to lose hastened to disclaim all sympathy with the advocates of an unrestricted issue, much more with the propounders of the doctrine of inconvertibility. We have now a tribute to our monetary system from the First Magistrate of the other great commercial country of the world. Sr. BUCHANAN tells the Representatives of the States and of the people, that though the material wealth of the country had suffered no abatement, though the fruits of the earth were plenti:ul and the demand for every American staple remained large, yet, through a commercial disaster, manufactures were suspended, public works retarded, private enterprises abamdoned, and thousands of labourers reduced to want. The cause of these calamities he finds in the monetary system of his countrymen. "It is apparent that our existing misfortunes. have "proceeded solely from our extravagant and vicious "system of paper curreney and bank credit, exciting "the people to wild. speculations and gambling in " stocks." The PnxSanDxT complains, that whereas the Constitution invests Congress with the power of coining money, and prohibits the lndividual States from coining metal or issuing bills of crodit, or makiug anything but gold and silver a legal tender, yet by the operation of the bank system the country is plagued with an excessive and irredeemable paper currency. The control of paper issues has been taken away from the Central Power and vested in the individual States, which have exercised it so negligently that it has been " virtually transferred " to more than 1,400 State banks, acting indeCc pendently of each other and regulating their "paper issues almost exclusively by a regard to "the present interest of their stockholders." No care has been taken by the States that these numerous banks should keep sufficient specie to insure the convertibility of their notes. They are, to a certain extent, obliged to hold an amount of United States or State debt, but this can give no security in case of a sudden demand for gold. Each bank has only a small area of circulation, and in a few days the depositors and noteholders might demand a suflicient amount of specie to cause its suspension, even though it had coin ia its vaults equal to one-third of its liabilities; yet only the banks of Louisiana have been required to keep this or any other proportion of gold and silver. The consequence of all this bas been, that aecording to returns made in January, 1857, the aggregate amount of specie in the Unite(d States banks was but 58,349,838 dollars, while their paper circulation amounted to 214,7 78,822 dollars, and their deposits to 230,351,3c2 dollars. Thus I the banks in the aggregate have considQrably leg than one dollar in seven of gold and silver compared with their circulation and depoaits. After showing how at any seaton of pre6sure the American banks raust necesarily pend paymemt in xpecie, the PissrDENT Urges on the several Staten the duty of controlling the banks within their limits. More than this, he declares his opinioa2 that Congress has power to pam an uniform ban.krupt law applicable to all banks in the Utnitec Staten, and strongly recommends the exercism of such a power. " This wltrd make it an irf"er.ble and "forganic law of each bankds exitence that "a suspension of specie payments shoiud produce " its civil death." In plainer ternx, MIr. BucffAZ-MA would enforce the common-serge law that when a bank cannot pay it should break. This is, indeed, but carrying out the principle of convertibility. The partisans of what is C*aled free banking base their theories on the great Lxt that as long as a note is convertible at preses&tion it cannot sink in value below gold-, ad that no bank will make excesive issues when it knows that at any moment it may be reduced to ruin by its notes coming back upon it. But the statistics given by Mr. BucnxsnAN prove the contrary, and show that when a vast irresponsible baning system has grown up, it has power to control the public by representing that its ruin will be their own. Thus we have the spectacle of the united banks of New York, in defiance of law and of tbe very nature of monetary ob]igation, suspending specie payments, wbile the community look on afraid to declare, what is strictly the fact, that these establishments have each committed an act of bankruptcy. We recommend this part of the bPRsiDENrs Message to the attention of our reads, that they may see how the system of currensy which has been so pertinaciously attacked at home is viewed by the most enlightened men of another country. We must now turn to a subject which mor, particularly concerns ourselves. We have nothing to complain of in the tone of the PpEsIDwar% remarks touching Great Britain and the controversies which it has been her lot to carry on with the United States on questions of frontier or neutral rights, navigation or fisheries. Mr. BucHA.A-A is too able a politician to use any but conciliatory language towards any Power With which he is about to carry on a long and difflcult negotiation. He observes with truth, that " while " it is greatly to the interest, as I am convinced it "is the sincere desire, of the Governments and "people of the two countries to be on terms of "ntimacy and friendsbip with each other, it "has been our misfortune to have had " almost alw%ys some irritating, if not dangerous, "outstanding question with Great Britain." This is certainly true, anda we cannot but regret that between us and the Anericans all questions seem. to be irritating and dangerous. It is indeed strange that while there can exist between us and continental Governments, which love us but little, a general understanding that disputes shall be settled amaicably, every controversy with the United States is attended with a degree of bitterness on their side ost of proportion to the irDportance of the subject. We have had certainly as many questions to settle with France or Austria as with America, and national passions have been sometimes excited, but the respective Governments have never been practically influenced by them; and we may say that whereaa we feel pretty certain beforehand that any European dispute will be peaceably settled, we never can be certain that a few months may not produce a violent diplomatio collision at Washington. England has recently commissioned Sir W. GoRE OUSELEY to negotiate a settlement of the Central American question, and to endeavour to tranquiize those unfortunate republics. I: has been thought in England that the CLA.-roe and Bu.wxRTrety, by wbich both this country and the United States bind themselves not to take possession of these regions, formed a souand basis for a settlement, and that in spite of differences of interpretation the principle vas too sound for either State to deire the abrogatiox of the treaty itself. But a party in the United States-by no means representing, as we believe, the national feeling, but yet a powerfful and active party-bas seen with displeasure any attempt to impede the Americans in their extension southward. It has even been asserted by some enthusiasts that America eight abrogato the treaty without our consent, on the ground tiat when a nation finds it no longer advanta,geous to be boound by stipulations it has an inherent right to repudiate them, if it at the same time releases the other contracting party fror its obligations. Mr. BucnjxN.&N does not go so far, but he proposes the a3rogation by mutual consent of the CrA-TroN- and Btuwvmr Treaty, on the ground that it can be watisfactory to neither party. However, Mr. BucBiAx is in this matter somewhat incorrect. The treaty is perfectly satisfactory to us, and we are prepared to earry out to the letter its provisions as we understand them. Tle American Government in asking England to abrogate what has been formally, !agreed to should at least accomrpany the pro- posal with such assurances as shall satisfy this country that its honour and interests will not suffer by giving up its legal rights. &he matter in dispute is well known. England has for 150 years, and from long before the existence o? the American Union, exercised a protectorate over the Mosquito Coast. The treaty stipulates that neither party "w will ever occupy, or fortify, or " colonize, or assumne or exercise any dominion " over any part of Centmrl America." We say that this leaves ns our rights in Mosquitia, just as it leaves us our colony of Belize, and that we are oaly forbidden to make any further acquisition of territory, or to transform into a colony what we merely hold under a protectorate. The Americans say that we are bound to give up the protectorate. Hence the dispute, and hence alsD the jealousy wlhich hbas prevenited the ratifioation of the later treaty betweon Lord CLARENDO and MIr. DALLAS. That England has no important interest in those regions except the independence of the IsthmusX which must become some day the hal£-way station between Europe and Australia, is what all the *-ohld must see. We care little about the Mosquito Coast or the Island of Ruatani, but we care a great deal about the maintenance of our strict rights, whkh if vioN'ted in small matters may soon be attacked in great ones. We have therefore much pleasure in receiving the assurance from Mlr. BuCRANAI "that the i iterest of the two countzies is " identical, boing confined to securing a saFe " transit over all the routes arross the Isthmus." Let the American Government give proof of this, and we are sure that matters will be speedily settled. Common sense must tell the Americans that in these questionrs we aro strictly on the defensive, and the most inveterate declaimer agaitist Ergland cannott deny the oon. ciliat,ry spirit in which she has treated them. But we cau hardly be asked to give up the treaty of 1850 without a guarantee that all its important provisions shall be r-e-nacted, and the whole serie5 of irritating disputms brought for ever to an end. I - ._
The weight which a an'is word& have may be the result of the most opposite antecedents. When a man of calm judigment and temper, who h&s all I his life been a pattern of good conduct, gives
The tiial of Madame DZ JEurossE, of her two asons, anm of her gamekeeper, CRrnE'L, which has just been brought to a conclusion at Evreux, is worthy of brief notice, not only from the romantic incidents of the case, but as presenting a strikina -ontrast with our English system of criminal proee1ure. All the prisoners have been acquitted, upon wh.t grounds it would be difficult to say, except that the murdered man was a disreputable sort of character, and that he had persisted in annoying the JEroFmSS family. T4e faots of tbe cawe are so completely out of the ordimary course of those crimes which we are in the habit of seeing tried befora our criminal caurts that the report of it reads more like a chapter from Gerfaut, or any other powerful melodramatic romance, than of a grave proceeding in which the lives of four human beings were at stake. If we would justly appreciate the principles which led the French jury to a verdict of acquittal, we must discard all our vulgar and common-place notions derived fromsuchbooks as Archbold'sCrimival Practice and Roscoe's Criminal Evidence, and becontent to take ou. law from the rvpertoire of the Porte St. Martin or of the Adelphi at their seasons of grimmest melodrama. A retired provincial family have notice that a dissolute squire in the neighbourhood is in the habit of climbing over their park wall for the purpose of paying court to the daughter of the house. Hereupon the mother desires hergamekeeper to take his gun and pick the fellow off. The gamekeeper follows her instructions to the letter, and shootsthe intruder down. Where he fell there helay for an hour or two, and there he died. "I ow say " you, geatlemen of the jury, ' Guilty' or ' Not " ' Guilty i"' " Not Guilty" was the well-nigh instantaneous reply. In prosaic England we should have held that the proper course for the head of a family to pursue under such circumstances would have been to give notice to the police, who would have carried off the interloping LoTrnArio to gao], where he would have been dealt withaccordingtohis deserts, andhave been effectually restrained from annoying the family for the fature. A sound beating or a ducking in the horsepond migh', perhaps, have been esteemed a pardonable retaliation under the circumstances of the case. There can, however, be no doubt that at least the lady and the gamekeeper who in cold blood and with every circumstance of deliberation planncd and carried out the murder of the intruder-blackguard as he was-would in England have been consigned to the gallows as the penalty of their crime. They manage matters differently on the other side of the Channel. Whether they or we are in the right it is not for us to say; but at least the decision would appear to establish this principle, that in France private persons are justified in exacting revenge for any injury they may have received, or mayfancy theyhave received. A French jury will simply consider whether the measure of provocation was sufficient to justify the measure of revenge. The facts of the case are very simple. Madame DE JBuFossE is the widow of a eavalry officer, dwelling in her own chateau at the village of St. Aubin-sur-Gaillon ; she has two sons and a daughter, BLANcuvE, a young lady now about 19 years of age. With the family resided a governess named LAuRENECE THOUZERY, about one year older than Mademoiselle DE JEUFOSSE, whose welfare should have been, equally with that of her own daughter, an object of the moBt anxious solicitude to ihis very aristocratic lady. Now. in the imme-. diatc neighbourhood lived a disreputable kind of French "squireen" namedGuiLorTa married man -between whom and the JEUFOSSE family a close intimacy arose. Madame DP JBVFOSS soon received notice from some goodnatured friends that M. GUILLOT amused his leisure by making love to Mademoiselle TnouzEuYn; but what of that? The girl was a governess, or humble companion, who was but following her natural destiny -it was not worth while making a rupture for si p)cu de chose. When GUILLOT, the inconstant, however, began to cast his eyes higher, even to that lofty region in which Mademoiselle BLAfCHE was enshrined, the complexion of affairs was altered, and a little bloodshed became necessary to appease the indignation of the bygone JEUFOSSES and of their stern representative, the heroine of the present romance. It certainly does appear that for a lady who was so very sensitive on the point of honour Madame DB JBUFOSSB neglected the most ordinary measures of precaution. She knew the character of this man GUILLOT, she knew that his various amours were the talk of the countryside, and that he had actually endeavoured to seduce a young lady under her own roof, and yet she permitted him to have free access to her daughter, to sit with her for hours at the piano, and so forth. This daughter was a young French girl, and when we use the expression we mean nothing more than that from the system of female education which our neighbours have adopted a young French girl 19 years old stands in a very different position as far as self-defence is concerned from her English sister of the same age. The nattural consequence of this negligence followeed-a connexion more or less intimate arose between Mademoiselle BLCANH and M. GUILLOT. To what length this was carried it is not for us to determine, and, indeed, it would be difficult to arrive at any settled conclusion on the matter from the slipshod evidence adduced, consisting principally of the boasting and bragging of GUILLOT himself. There was, however, enough, and more than enough, to justify the solicitude of a mother, and to kindle feelings of a yet more violent kind in the breasts of the young lady's brothers. Had either of these two young gentlemein soundly thrashed M. GUrLLoT-had they called him out and shot him in the open field, divines and lawyers must necessarily have clisapproved such a course, but the judgment of the world could scarcely have been one of unqualified condemnation. They did notlhing of the kind, but left the chief part in the drama to their mother-a lady who seems to have been cast in the MEDEA or Lady MACBETH mould. She called for lier gamekeeper, CRwEAL; she adjured him to defend the honour of the JEUFOSSE family even by slaying. " You do not "watch well enough! " said the Lady of JEUFOSSE. "You do not remember the promise you made to "my husband. You do not support the honour "of his name and that of my children. You "must put an end to the scandal of these visits at " any cost !" After this " sublime allocution" Madame DE JEUFOSSE is said to have added, " Fear nothing! The Procureur Imp6rial and " the examining magistrate have both told me that we can fire on those who act as this man does, "and that even if death ensue we shall not be "disquieted." CREPEL, who is a man of a practieal turn of mind, hereupon carefully loaded hbi double-barrelled gun and proceeded to act on counsel's opinion. Now, we are far from saying that the provocation given by this wretched fellow GurarOT did n't justify any reazonable measure of retaliation. The limits of revenge, however, must be fixed somewhere, and it has been generally understood that deliberate assassination is somewhat two rigorous a policy, no matter what the provocation may have been. On the 12th of June, however, about 10-30 p.m., EMILE GUILLOT, accompanied by his servant, GRos, arrived at the enclosure of the park of Jeufosse. He entered the park alone, and approached a tree. At the bottom of this tree were two bricks, and between these bricks GUILLOT placed a lttter, and was then making the best of his way to a clump of shrubs 26 yards distant. Before he reached the covert CREPET, who hail been watching his proceedings from behind a fir-tree, started from his ambusb, and, cailing out, "Halt! " you are dead !" took deliberate aim, and gave GUILLOT the contep-s of the barrel. Although what had passed. wvas well known in the chateau from thc. report of CRPErL himself, who Ivrocedc i ¾ inform his mistress of what he had H aind Tio.p- the alarm which GiRos, tke servant, raised, when he had ascertained his master's condition, Madame DE JEUFOSSn and her people let the poor wretch lie where he had fallen, and where he expired about half an hour aft!r he had received his death wound. Such was the act which M. BErRYER, the counsel for the prisoners, attempted to justify, and in the attempt he succeeded to the satisfaction of a French jury. The two principal arg,uments employed were as follows :-It was said that by a particular article in the French Code a person who trespasses on an enclosure at night does so at his own peril, and if he be slain in the course of his trespass so much the worse for him; but it is not murder. Whether this be French law or net we will not pretend to say, but we feel very sure of the opinion which our English Crows lawyers would entertain upon such a doctrine. Again, M. BERnYER urged that, according to law, any husband who detected his wife in criminal intercourse with her paramour might slay. them both on the spot. " The law "would have regard to the natural play of human "paasion upon such enormous provocation; but can "it be said that the honour of her daughter is less "dear to a mother than the honour of his wife"than his own honour-to a husband i" This being so, and, according to M. BERiYRi's way of putting it, it was almost an 4 for2ioi case, Madame DE JEUFOSSE was fully justiafed in planning and carrying out the assassination of GUILLOT in retaliation for his offence. We should have doubted if this were law anywhere out of Corsica; but it seems that universal France is prepared to adopt the practice upon such points of the most vind:ctive of her departments, if we may judge from the recent verdict of the Evreux jury. Among us-but, then, we are cold, prosaic Englishmen, negligent of the point of honour-the provocation supposed by M. BERnYvut would, no doubt, excuse the husband who, in the madness of the moment, struck the guilty pair where he found them and as he found them; but woe to h-m if he but went downstairs, deliberately loaded a revolver, and returned to execute vengeance in his own way! But here w2s a case in which the plan was laid days and veeks beforehand-the gamekeeper waited for his victim, as a sportsman waits ini the dusk of the evening for a wild duck-and slew him in cold b'ocd. It is quite clear that the French and the English mneihods of procedure are totally differerst upon such points.
COURT CIROUZAP. WINDSOR, MoNDAY. The Queen, necompanied by the Princess Royal, walked ibhe grounds adjoining the Castle this morning. His Royal Highness ths Prince Consort went to Backingham Palace and returned to Windsor in the afternoon. Feruk Ehan, the Perslan A mbassador, and his suite, the Count and Countess Platen, and the Earl of Clarendon are expected to arrive this afternoon on a v38l~. A deputation from the corporatlon of Margate had an interview yesterday with the Right Hon. W. Cowper, M.P., at the offices of the General Board of Health, Whikhall, with respect to the transfer of the powers of the Mar. gte Local Board of Health. The deputation consisted of MEr. George Yates Hunter, mayor, Mr. Caveler, one of the town-counciilors, and Mtr. J. Harvey Boys, the town-clerk. Lord Stanley of AId1 rley has left London for his seat, Alderley-park, Cheshire. Despatchnc were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governor of Canada and the Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands. Despatches were sent to the Governor of the Cape of Good Hlope.
ST. MARTIN'S-HALL. Miss Kemnble made her sseond aPpearanee last night, And, though not yet fully mistress of her physical resources, did quite enough to confirm hopes whioh the Impresson left by her firnt performance on Wednesday last justified us in expressing. The same nervousness observed on the previous ocasion in a great measure impeded freedom of articalation, and especially interfered with a commaand of the upper notes in the register of her voice, but this was frequently overcome, and then the timidity so natursa in one as yet wholly unaccustomed to public dis. play yielded to a conscousness of artlstl power and the resolution to make it evident. Thore was, on the whole, a very marked improvement in Miss Kemble's delivery of the recitatives (from "1There were shepherds") that precede the air "liejoicegreatly," while the Air itself afforded stilgreater indic%tions of improvement. Since this part of her per. formance was most open to criticism on her first appearance, - c3using the largest amount of anxiety in those who wished success to an artist so young, so full of promise, and bearing a name which, honourable on account of itself alone, like that of Cesar in the Roman empire, carried with it a high measure of responsibility,an advance so undeniable was the more important to note. Nothing remains but to reiterate our opinion that Miss Kemble has the requisite gifts to become a singer of distinction; and that it depends upon herself to accomplish that for which nature has already provided her with the means. The Hall was not fihlc:l with eager and Admixing friends, as bcfore; and the applause that encouraged and cheered her in her efforts was so much the more gratifying for being genuine and unpremeditated.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMBS. Sir,-In your paper of Wednesday, the 16th Inst., we find a letter of your HRamburg correspondent, who is pleased to say that the firm of Lutteroth and Co. has been assisted. Tas statement is perfectly false; and we beg herewith mosti emphatically to assert that our firm has never been In difficulties, and consequently bas never required any assistance whatever. Trusting that you will give the earliest publicity to this letter in the City Article of your esteemed paper, and segretting that your correspondent should be so il informed about what tabes place in our town, _YWe remain, Sir, your most obedient servants. LUTTEROTH ANf CO. mmD- urg, iJec. L8.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of 21. 16s. 7d, for income-tax not called for, from " M. E. R." THE EAST INrDIA COnrPANY.-We are enabled to cc nfinm the following announcement, which appears in 2'he Tirnes' City Article:-"Itis understood theEastIndia Com. ponY have received formal notice that It is the intention of the Government to bring in a Bll for the abolition of the doable government." The announcement ia substantilly correct; the Chairman has received an intimation that It Is tbe Intention of Lord Palmerston's Cabinet to introduce a bilU for bringing the administration of India under the direct govern. ment ofthe Queen. The Intimation cannot have surprised anyone. Forsome time past the whole tendency of public opinion has set in the direction of this resolve. independently of many reasons for dispensing with whatever can occasion hindrance in the administration of India henceforward, it mey be reasonably anticipated that the Introduction of Improvements will be facllitated by the direct action of the supreme Government. And not the least advantage, after the recent events, wiU be the moral offect of the proclamation in India itself that et is the Sovereign of the British Empire who rules. The announcement following on the heels of those which have already been made wil show how far Lord Palmerston's Government sesks to sbelter Itself under delays, or prefers to accept with promptitude and decision the responsibilities which the interests of the country devolve upon it.-Globe. [It will be remembered that our announcement to this effect some six weeks since was very authoritatively contradicted.] ORDLXATION BY THE BISIOP or LoNDox.-The Bishop of London held his third general ordination on Sanday morning lst (the 20tbh of December) in the Chapel Royal, Whitehall, on ;wbich occasion some 50 gentlemen (or more) were admitted respectively to the sacred officos of depcon and priest. The sermonx was preached by the Rev. F. Temple, the Head Master of Rugby School, who delivered a masterly and mosteloquent discourse on the 11tb, 12tb, and 13th verses of the 4th chapter of the Epistle to the Ephesians, selected by him as a most approrlate taxt for the occasion. A t the close of the sermon, the " candidates' who appeared, however, in opposition to the mea*. ing of the word, in black gowns instead of wbite surpices), were presented to the bishop by his esamining chaplain the Rev. E. Penrhyn Stan ey,. and the ordination service commenced. The congregation -was a very large one, and several of the laity present partook of the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, which, as usual, wvas administered at the end of the rervice. The wbole proceedings occupied a space of four hours and a quarter, the chapel not being cleared of the morning congregation until about a quarter or half-past 3 o'clock. The newly-ordained priests and deacoins were afterwards received and entertained at London-house. RIATvWAY ACCIDENT. -A serious collision occurred on the Shields, Sunderland, and Necastle wortion of the North-Eastern Railway at abont 4 pm. on the 16th inst. A coal train broke down sear the Erockley 'Vhins Station, and owing to some negleat in the necessary signal precautions a passeng7r train from Newcastle, Gatcahead, and Pelaw Main ran with gnsat violence into the coal train, crushiD up all the carrisas In a beap. There -was a considerable number of pa&sen"2ers in the train, and all were more or less inicred, but xkwou fataly or even dangerously, the worst cases being disioctions and severe concussions. The engine man and firemau escaped comparatively unhurt. The traffic on tb-, line was stopped for several hours, for before the obstrrAlIon thus occasioned could ba remewed another passengeg t ain from Newcastle ran off the lina between the ±ceUlng ;d Pehaw Main, though wvithout causing any injury I 1o tb. taavellers. sad it wras after midnigt before an: ot th'Gmij;g trnsdue at ShIqlds. Rbe,ita
i MONDY-M..RK1ETand CITYI.NELLI(GENOC.. Monday Evening. The large arrivas of gold, the reduced demand for discount, and the rapid recovery taking placeo at Hamburg have given a further impulse to the English funds, and they have closed to-day at a frech advance of three-eighths per cent. The first transactions in Consols for January were at 92i to J ex dividend, being an improvement of a quarter per cent. on the final prices of Saturday, and, under the influence of several large purchase, they went to 93 to *. A slight reaction then took place, and the latest bargains were at 92i to 93. Among the purchases in the afternoon was one of 100,0001. Reduced, supposed to be on banking account. Bank Stock left off at 218 to 219; Reduced, 924 to 93; New Three per Cents., 93 to i; India Bonds, 30s. to 20s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, Q. discount to par. In the Stock-Exchange loans on Govermment securities are obtainable with ease at between 4 and 5 per eent. At the Bank the demand continues light, and in the discount-market the rate for the best bills is 8 per cent. In the foreign stock-market there has been in. creased activity, and nearly all the transactions marked took place at an advance; Turkish closed about 4 per cent. higher. BrazUian Five per Cents were negotiated at 97; Chilian Six per Cents., 101; Grenada New Active, 20 and 191; ditto, Deferred, 54; Mexican, for the account, 20, 192, and 4; Peruvian Four-and-a-.Half per Cents., 76i; Portuguese, for the account, 44i and i; RusIan Four-and-a-Ralf per Cents., 96i ; Sardinian, 84k and 851; Spanish, for the account, 42 and 414-; ditto, New Deferred, 25S; for the account, 26 and 1; Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, 954, I 4, i, and 96 ; ditto Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for the account, 100l, i, 101 -, and 101; Venezuelan Four-and-Three-Quarters per Cents., for the account, 304; French Three per Cents., 68i and 674.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96i; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., for the account, 65. The corn-market was heavy this morning at the prices of this day week. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 65c. for money and 67f. 85c. for the end of the montb, showing a rise of a half per cent. At Hamburg the rate of discount for the best paper has fallen to 5 per cent., and there is a disposition to invest largely in all the leading securities. About 85,0001. of gold was taken to the Bank today, 35,0001. of which was Rusian. The 340,0001. in gold brought by the Africa from New York this morning is expected to be nearly al sold to the Bank of England. It is believed to include a large proportion of sovereigns, which will be taken to the branch at Liverpool. It has transpired that the Governments of Sweden and Norway are anxious to promote certain measures which have been suggested for obtaining financial aid in England to prevent the permanent break up of some of the extensive establishments which have lately faied in those countries. A deputation is now In London, and, according to report, the sum contemplated to be raised is 500,0001. The application, it isunderstood, will be made to the Bank of England, and the principle of the proposed arrangement seems to be that such concerns in Sweden and Norway as can make over security for the amounts requisite to resuscitate them or carry them through will hand that security to the Government, who will cause its value to be investigated, and then guarantee the Bank of England from al loss. The Swedish Diet are said to have granted the necessary powers. In Norway the Storthing meet only once in thtee years, and it will be some time before the next session takes place. The executive authorities, however, would, It is inferred, assume the necessary responsibility. The plan will be carried out as rapidly as possible, the great object being to lessen the numbers that are threatened with loss of employment from the stoppage of the chief mils, furnaces, and other works. The bills have been returned to-day of Messrs Kllngender, Brothers, of Liverpool, a firm connected with the American trade. Their liabilities are believed to be rather large. The New York advices continue as satisfactory as could have been hoped. The belief that Dennistoun and Co. wil be likely to pay in ful had gained strength, and the same Is expected in the case of Messrs. Choutaux and Co., another firm of some importance. In the case of the Ohio Life and Trust Company, however, whose fall, like that of the Liverpool Borough Bank on this side, was the first signal for the general distrast, the prospects are stated to be very unfavourable. At first it was represented there would probably be something left for the shareholders, but It now appears that the claims even of the ordinary creditors will be only partialy met. Shipments of specie to this country were expected to continue, and the Fulton, which may h:3 lookc i for on Thursday, will probably bring a moderate sum. The stock-market generaly had improved. Erie had advanced from 16 to 17i; Reading from 52 to 53; Michigan Southern from 194 to 194-; and New York Central from 72 to 74X. Panama had receded from 93 to 92,, and Illinois Central from 934 to 89. The daily exposures of the bill system are evidently leading to some beneficial results. At New York, according to the advices by the last mail, a movement is on foot to shorten the credits granted by the importing houses and the term of the paper to be taken. On this side the necessity for reform with regard to the security and date of East India biUls is now attracting attention, and a plan for requiring documents to be attached to them in all cases and for the shortening of their maturity from six months to four seems likely to be carried out. The folowing communication refers to the measures thus contemplated:- " Sir,-The losses now sustained by so many firms being obliged to suspend, as stated in their circulars, I on account of bills held on other houses who have failed,' ought to teaoh us aU alesson, which, if duly taken to heart, will be cheaply bought at the price of present difficulties. " The East Indian banks have since 1847 been endeavour. ing to establish the attachment of documents to bills of exchange purchased by them, aud to which rule, although only partially adopted, they owe much of their present im. munity from serious 1o0es. Allow me. thorofore, to suggest, as a simple precaution against similar failures in future that all bills drawn frem abroad or from this country on orelgu places should be accompanied by the documents or securities which the bills are supposed to represent, to be hold for payment or acceptance, as may be agreed. " As a rule, aUbond _ide bills represent goods or produee, and should carry their value on their banis, and by so doing tho interests of tho drawers, endorsers, and accepters are equally protected, while speculative and accommodation paper, even with good names to it, is discouraged. "Mlarglnal credits from the Scotd and Liverpool banks, as woU as large amounts of similar ' credits' from private firms and persons here, whose standing and means, as we now see, never entitled them to any such credit under which the securities properly applying to. the draughts are left in their hands, have been the means of inflat3ng the foreign trade of this country to an extent the danger of which is now apparent, and affording most improper facilities to firms and persons wlthout adequate capital to carry on speculations in exchange and produce of aU kinds, aS tho risk of the banks buying their bills, and to the detriment of respectable traders wbD )ok for a fair return for their capital, and keep w!iW3n their means of payment. "The dates of iast India bills at six month3' sight, unknown to other taades, might now be advantageously curiaIlel to four montl-, sight by general arrangement between the banks there aud bankers and money dealers here, as affor3ing unneces-A,ry encouragement to overtradlng by persons of in. adequ^te means if with documents, and for specul4tive oPe'ations if purcased open, at the sane time throwing an ',normous amount of bills on this market, dAngerons to alk concerned, and which coald only be clrculated with the eAiorSsnt e thq ks, I would therefore suggest thaib ihe time is now como to reduce these to four mnonths' siht, say due five months after shipment of cargo, and allowing ample time for the arrival of the goods repre6ented by the bills. "No distinctions should ba made, in my vlew, of these sound business rules, and if great houses are to flood the cotntry, with thber acceptances, the bDls of lading for the produce such bills represeat should be attached to tfem. "' I am, Sir, &c. " WERCATO1l.." A meeting of creditors of Mesrs. Rehder and Boldemann, in the German trade, whose suspension was announced on the 25th ult., was held this morning, when the following statement was submitted by Mr. Ball, of the firm of Quilter and Ball, accountants:- STATEEnWT Oi? THE APFAIRs OP1 MyEsS. R mEDR AND BOLDE5AN. To sundr creditors unsecured, ma per tatement .. . 9,2 3 2 To creZitor partialy secure, as per state. Amoantof clms ... , . 9493 9 8 lsAlmatedvalueof ijeu , .... 3,S74 4 0 To creditors 51CH 5 8 FAtie,ted value of curtes .. . 20,523 s 7 Amount of cims.... 15,934 17 a surpisa . 4,5011 7 To llabWlltlee on acceptances, a . per sttemeut.. .. .. .. .. 11i,343 14 5 securo t'De extent b the .alue OrCOD sgDneDnts On hand of the estimated vAues Of 32.922 2 6 Anmedtobeclaon thiseste . .. S2070 11 9 To liabilities on bWlli receivable, X. s. d. asper statement .. 136,29119 6 Of which those condAered likely to prove claim, amount to.10,23 9 3 r,cesah balance retained by bankers 952 16 6 To esUimated alin In respwct of goods bought and not delvered .1.000 0 0 57,873 3 3 OR-a. s. d. BY sash and bil recelrobie on hint, consdered go, mA per staXmsnt ... ......4 S12 12 2 ah reaned by bankes per conta .. .. 98216 6 By sundry debtor: - Considered mol .5,474 10 10 Dltt, dobtfUnl .,199 9 11 Raetimatd to produce .... .. .. 1,919 16 3 Dlttob4d .. .. .. 6(2 17 ll By snmdry nerchandie on hAnd as er statement:- Athome .18.990 1 1 Abroad 303 0 a By sundq Droperty, as per tatement . . ;. 539 0 a Bysurplus ooentle held by credt per cont.-a .. . 4,53 11 7 By property depodted as eority tor otain returned bills,whichItsconslderedwMbepa .. .. 2273 0 0 £37,499 U 11 The probable dlvdend will thus be about 12s. Gd. in the pound. The cause of the disater has been the heavy dopreciation of produce, estimated at 23,0001., or more thin the deficiency shown on the accounta, failures, &c. The capital on the 1st of January Was 6,9911. In answer to a question as to whether the firm had had any accomnnodation-bill transactions, it wa3 stated that there are liabilities on blank credits to the amount of 1 14,3481., against which security is held for 32,9221., while o' the remainder only 2,0701. will come upon the es'ate. Mr. Hollams, on the part of Messrs. Rehder and Boldemann, proposed that the concern should be wound up under inspection, and h oped from the nature of the asests, which are tea, cotton, &c., valued at the market prices of the day, an early and satisfactory liquidation may be effected. Itwas resolved to adopt this course, and three creditora were appointed a committee accordingly. A meeting was held to-day of the creditors of the house of Mr. Miles Simpson, silk manufacturer of Leek, whose fai lure was announced on the 8th inst. A balance-sheet was submitted by Messrs. W. and A. Cooper, the accountants, showing debts amounting to 23,54 01., and assets estimated at 5,2871. It was resolved to wind up under an assignment. A meeting of creditors of Messrs. Krell and Cohn, whose failure was announced on the 7th, also took place to-day, when a statement was submitted by Mr. Collison, of the firm of Parrinton, Ladbury, and Co., accountants, showing the liabilities to be 23,5171., while the net assets are eatimated at 17,5371. Since the preparation of the balancesheet further commercial disasters on the con. tinent have increased the sum to be written off for brA debts. Last year the firm had a surplus of 1,7001., and at the date of suspension were nominally solvent. Some discus sion took place upon a proposal of a composition of 1Os. in the pound in four instalments, with security for the last payment, the account before the meeting showing sufficient to pay 14s. ld.; but it was explained that the losses since the failure and the precarious situation of affairs abroad do not admit of a better proposition being made. It was finaUy resolved to refer the question to a committee of four creditors to consider and decide upon the propriety of accepting the offer. The Mexican and South American Company, a concern established several years ago to carry on smelting busin e2s in Chili, has lately broken down, and the followina letter regarding the position of the holders of its sB hares, which are in the form of scrip, has a general bearing on the liabilities of all persons interested in securities issued in that manner:- " Sir,-If you nwlU be good enough, by publishng the following on the liability of scripholders to place a beacon on a rock not generally known yon wlll oblige many sufferers besides myself. " The factb, which are short, arise out of the proceedings of an undertaking call ed the Mexican and South American Company. " According to a statemen' made by three of the directors, and verified on oath, it appears to have been discovered ' about the end of 1855' that the manager in America ' had involved the company In heavy liabilities and losses.' A dividand was nevertheless declared and paid in January, 185'i, no notice being given of the above discovery. The company is now and has been for some months confessedly insolvent, Is some 80,S 001. in debt, and has fallen into the hands of the ' winding-up' authoritics All parties who have received a dividend-and many dividends have been paid-are, It is said, to be mado contributories. And this is to take effect, although nothing but sorip has yet been issued (the company being of many years' standing), and no shares, except thosa of the original allottees, nor any transfers of shares, have been ever registered. " It is believed that the scripholders generally will be taken very much by surprise when they find themselves in this predicament, the rule having been always understood to be that scripholders differed from shareholders in being free from llability to the debts or calls of the company. The receipt of divldends, however, coupled with the fact of putting their name to the recetp, seems to alter the case. If so, one curious effect will be that in a company with a limited number of shares the number of contributory partners is unlimited, or only limited by the number of dividends and the changei of ownership which have takon place in the coure of time. An excellent thiDg no doubt for those who were supposed to be, and who sold their shares as continuing, solely liable, but a heavy blow to purchasers who thuas unconsciously became partners. "There is another point connected vith trls company which should be noticed, " The last dividend was, It has been shown, piid at a time when the con pany was involved' and probably Insolvent, and those persons who came in for the Sallacious benefit of that dividend only, and who have receiusd no othor, are. it is also said, to ehare the common fate, a;.b tobe accounted partners and oonsnribatories. "Now, this must be an error or an epoesFiovs wrong. "It Is clear that the directors knew b'fore the dividend was paid that the coDn, pary was heavi3y in debt; that thore seripholders who had participated ia no dividend before were free from liability to such deb t; that had they known that by taking the pernicious bai'; tbey were'making them. selve, for the first time partnI ,rs in an indebted company they would not have touched a farthing; that the n ore recipieets of di-ideLdds were c ,ught the mhore the liability of the original allottael and di' .ectors was divided; that those pariie9 wiere therefove the r ectimsof a trick, and that it they are now to be rnade liablrt, for more than the aluount received by them in ig- olanoe such a proceeding will be flagrantly Oppo03. to il nof.ons of equity and ' PLAIN SENSE." The anne xe&l rdltcs to the plan resorted to by many inrr;vezAs of availing themselves of distaut County 'CoUArb in orldr to deter thtir creditors from attemrJting any onpu3ition :- | ' sr,-Sr.ce atterntifn has been draxn through your co amas to the fa.'ililies sffjrded ft,r insolvents to evade oppesiIicu by p'lios, wt-et Q£ tha provincial County Nourt judges, and to the faGt that a vary gencral ImpresSloff prevails that Canterbury presents the combined advantages of distance and a mild judge, I trust you will render your ssistance in putting an end to an abuse which by your psublication of it bas become more generally known. " I had instructions to oppose an insolvent at Canterbury on the 13th of November lat, whose scheduled creditors numbered upwards of 100, and to whom be was indebted in About 4,000. The insolvent had for several years carried on, and *till cArries on, business at the west end of and In the city of London, but for the purpose of being arrested at Canterbury procured a re.idence there for a fetw days. He was accordingly arrested at the suit of a friend on the 22d of October. His petition was signed the same day, and his schedule (about 250 folios In lengtb) was filed on the 24th of October. What were the creditors to do? Several of them threatened to oppose, and subscribed some money for that purpose, but only one of then could get to Canterbury (a distance of about 88 miles); he was paid off, opposition was avoided, and the insolvent was discharged. "At the conclusion of the day's proceedings several of Ihe insolvents met at a tavern nearly opposite the court and congratulated each other on the ease with which tbey hi,d obtained their discharge, related anecdotes to prove what a joval timne they had bad during their stay, expressed their regret that they had not made it better worth while to come there, and threatened to profit by their experience. " AN ATTORNEEY." The last accounts from Australia mention a satisfactory decision in the Equity Court at Melbourne against the consignees of some brandy shipped from this country with imitations of the labels of " J. Denis, Henry Mounie, and Co." An injunction was issued against the sale or delivery of tbe brandy until these labels were removed, and the practice, which had become common, of piratint the trado marks of houses of repute (some slight and almost unnoticeable deviation from an exact copy being relied upon, as in this iostance, to scure immunity) will thus be checked. The general business of the port of Londlon during the past week has not been very active. The number of vessels reported inward was 198, including 19 with cargoes of sugar, 30 with cargoes of corn, rice, flour, &c., 7 with dried fruit, and 3 from China with 17,656 packages of tea and 2,811 bales of silk. A considerable portion of the sugar reported Is from ports in the United States. The number of vessels cleared outward was 10-, including 22 in ballast; aud those on the berth loading for the Australian colonies amount to 54. The departure of Her Mlajesty's ship Lyra, with mails for the Cape of Good Hope, has been postponed to the 27th.
2TBADZ REPORT. Mkonday Evening. TALL,i,O.-The marxket has been firm to-day at 53s. 3d. on the spot, 53s. for the month, 53s. to 53s. 3d. for T&nuAiry to March, and Msa. 6d. to 9d. for March. Anznexed are the particulars of stocks and prices - ARRIVALS FOB T= WEEL, South America 17 Other plares 164 Tota .. .. . 1,17 With regard to the general state of the trade Messrs. Colcbester and Woolner report :--" The tallow-market has been very steady throughout the week, with a good demand frome the trade, which has caused holders to sell with less readiness, and, as much tallox is nowv held to be del3vered off OD contract in January, ready goods are scarce. There Is not much doing at St. Peterahurg in tallow; for next August 166 rs., with 10 dowvn, is demanded; here 51s. ia the neareet quobtaton."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The remarks made In the " Moaey Article" of The Timcs of Thursday, the 17th inst., respecting the desirability of legislative actlon to bring the manufacturers of accom. modatlon bills under a criminal law meet with the entire approval and concurrence of all honest traders; and I only express the opinion largely entertained by traders and merchants well oonversant with these matters, when I sug. gest that the drawer and -acceptor of auy biLh which on the face of themstto "value received," where no value has passed, should ,be deemed guilty of a felony, and punished accordingly. I believe that nothing would so strike at the root of the evil and burden we are labouriug under, and tend to check the reckless over-trading and the disgracefui disclosures that many of the recently insolvent houses have exhibited. as a simple enactment of that kind. With reference to foreign bills granted as credits againsb " collaterals," held In most cases by the houses issuing the credits, an altered form of words might be adopted-subetituting " value advised" for " value received," or words to that effect, to show the nature of the operation, and to in. duce proper inquhies into the character of such bills. Your insertion of the above wvll much oblige, and may tend to check the growing looseness of the business morality of this country, which If not speedily changed for the better must greatly lower the high reputation hitherto enjoyed by its merchants. I am your obedient servant. R;B. Nottngham, Deo. 17.
CROSSED CHECKS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Referring to a paragraph relative to the crossing of checks in your City Article in yesterday's paper, in which it is mentioned as having been decided that " the crossing of a check does not, according to the statute, form part of the body of the cbeck, any alteration in which would be an act of forgery, but is simply a direction which any holder may affix, alter, or cancel at pleasare, the only duty of the banker being to follow any such direction that may nob bave been removed from the check at the time of its presentation," may I beg to put the following query-viz.> until an amendment of the statute be pas.ed at next meetiDg of Parliament, as may be fairly presumed will be the case, to remove the present unsatisfactory state of the lawCould it not be simply stated (when so required) in any check that It Is only to he paid through a banker? I preo sume such an injunction would necessarily be held as part of the body of the check, and would therefore answer the requisite purpose. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. W. FrASER. vmtea ;5ervice Club, Kdinburgb, Dec. 18 ;TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIhMES. Sir,-If bankers were to Lcsuo to their customers check. books with two different forms, ore as at present, the other wikh the words " and Co." as indelibly ombossed upon them as the stamp itself, 'would not the difficulty about crosse4 checks csas ? I am, Sir, yours. &a.. D. L. D.
THE OPERATION FOR CANCER ON THE TORGRB. TO THE EDITOk OP TEB TINES. Sir,-I regret thet a- opGeAti whieb I happened to.perform in. the Royal Infirmary of tlta elty hua got into.the newspapers, bet as it has, unfortunately, done so, the public should ba correotly infermied on the subject. Partial removal of the tongue for thb remody of cancer, having been found worse than useless, it waa thought tlmt-extirpat1om of the wbpolG org mtght abrd effectoal elitf; upon tis prinoiple I proceeded. The patimt siffeyed no bad consequence dirc-tly front ihe operatio, but at the xid of a week, whl3, the eeIter,nal. wound was quite healed, died suddenly frzouL aiinternal disease, which might have been excited by, any other.-iritation in a person of bis constitution and hubits. }m. Sir. &,a. JAMEB SZ1E. z, -MuMnEl-streGt, Ediubtugh, Dtc. PA
FR1EIGHT OF SPEwE.-The ar&Vimt voted fox the year 1S56657 for loss on the TreasEry Cosmisssar chesti tansactions aud freight of specie was 1;634t 'acluding 2,6341. to make good locs on chestl tra saetions in 18g..5, and 10,0001. for freight of spe5ie, hnebadiog espene otf shipmet,t. GLAScoWv, Dec. 19.-CotUon.-_le business in omu' cotton.-mas^jet this week lus been bat to a very trifling extent, spinners only purch sog to slpnlv tiaeir imme4ato necessities. To effect sals considerb!e deoline must be submitted to. Goods asid Yarn-The market remanRs without change. Iron.-The tone of our pig iron market b3comes graduaUy woass. and the d8clina in pric seeBns not yet to have been a:troSed. The predibposing cause of this week's fa1 is found in f"rther stoppages at Hainburg, probably assisted by tEe ato'ertined logies nmade by the Western Bank. Yesterday quite a panio pevailed, when busines was done in warrants as low as 4$s. 6d. tasb. To-day the narket has been a degreo steadier, holders asking 49s. , butL buyers being unwilliog to advance on yesterday's ecilng quotution no business remulted. A moderate in utrfoe shipping lot vwhieh are quoted-No. 1 g.inb., .d No. 3, 47s. ; Gartsberrie, i7s, 6d,; Glengsoql fis
Li REAPOM!. COIJRT OF ORANCERY, LdooWs-wN. DrG. 2L ATfylNSON V. BtRNE1TL1 IBefOre ade LORD CHA"CELLOR and tac IOIDS JI'STICIS oi APPAL.) The remaining questions arising upon the construction of tie will of Gecrge Baron were this day disposed of. That part of the will which hs caused the difficult was set out j of Thursday last, aud it will therefore be ainnecessary to re.state it here, as theo3se was of no pablio interest. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Malis, Mr. REL Palmer, Mr. Craig, Mr. 3Bilton, Mr. Parson, and Mr. Forger were the oounsel enBaged. (Befor' the LORD CHANELLOR.) PERRY- RICK V. A'TWOOD. The arguments in this part-heard appeal, the facts of 'Which have also been recently reported in 2e Time", were tben resumed, and occupied the remainder of the day with. out being concluded. (Before thcLoIRDS JUsrrcMs of APPEA.L.) FLOWLB V. GEDYE, This a6ppeal, upon A~ question of specific performanoe,from a decon or the Master of the Rols, occupied the Lrds Justices after they had corapleted their sitting'with the L,)rd Chancellor, Th-, Master of the Rolls had ordered the de. fendant to pay the costs, having before made a decree in the Mr. ounell aluer ad M. Smtheappared for thae plaintiff; Mr. 3. H. Palmedr and Mr.Money for the de. Mr. ROUNiDELL PALSrER was heard in reply Their LonnSaps affirmed the dctree of the Mstier of the RoUls, but there was not to be any costs on either side of the appeal.
VICE.CEANCELLORSI COTrRflpc .n,n 'y, 'RTilt' V- R-Wl- (Before VYi-eUkanrtllor SirJ. STiJA,RTA This was a bill for the specific performunce of an agreei maent for the sale of part of a leasehold estate situate at HIorsham, in Sussex. John Strong, being the owner of the above leasehold estate, executed a mortgage thereof to James Strong and Thomam James Strong to secure 2,0001, and interest, and in the mortgage deed a power of sale was reserved to James Strong and Thomas James Strong or the survivor. On the 31st of August, 1855, Thomas James strong, but, without the authority of James Strong, his co-mortgagee, entered Into an agreoment with the plaintiff for the sale to the latter of part of the above leasehold estate, and Thomas James Strong signed the agreement for himself and James Strone. It appeared by the evidence that James Strong knew of that agreement In the early part of September, 1855, and, althongh he stated in his answer that he always declined to recognize or to adopt it, there was not any evidence to show that he at any time mado a statement to that effect to the plaintiff. It was In evidence that the solicitor of the Strongs had, after the agreement of the 31st of August, 1855, sent an abstract of the Strongs' title to the plaintiff, but according to the evidence this was done without the authority or knowledge of James Strong, and by the direction of Thomas James Strong. On a subsequent sale by both of the Strongs to one of the defendants, Bycruft, of the whole of the before-mentioned leasehold estate the solictor of the Strongs had introduced into the abstract sent to Byoroft's solicitor a proposed assign. ament by the Strong's to the plaintiff of the part of the leasehold estate now in question. The evidence as to this was that the solicitor of the Strongs had not received any authority to introduce the assignment Into the abs. tract, but that he had done so owing to his having been Incorrectly informed as to the nature of the arrangement between Bycroft and the Strongs. The case has occupied the Court for the last three or four days, and the ViceChancellor this morning delivered judgment. Mr. MaLtns and Mr. Osborne were for the plaintiff, Mr. Bacon and hfr. Nalder for Jamee Strong, Mr. G. Mi. Gffird for T. J. Strong, and Mr. A. Smaith for Bycroft, , The VICX-C}IANCXLLOR said there was no evidenco as to any authority having been previously given by James Strong to Thomas James Strong to enter Into the agreement of the 31st of August, 1855, and therefore the question was whether James Strong had by his subsequent conduct confirmed the agreement so as to bind himself. It was proved that J. Strong had notice of the agreement a few days after it had been signed, and if he had refused to acquiesce in it such refusal might have been sufficient. After referring to the facts of the case, his :ionour said he thought that the plaintiff was justified in presuming that J. Strong had glven authority to T. J. Atrong, and made a decree for apecifio performance of the agreement. STANSFELID V. cunrr=. Thiswas a suit for the purpose of setting aside eertain bIlls of sale dated in the year 1856. On the 19th of April, 1856, James Glover, who then carried on business as a llcensed victualler at the Blue Posts Tavern, in the Haymnarket, essigned certain furniture therein to the defendant Cubitt for securing 3641. 10s. and interest; but such bill of sale was not registered within 21 days after the making thereof, as required by the statute 17th and 18th Victoria, cap. 36. The bil alleged that at the time of the giving of such blll of sale it was arranged between James Glover and the defendant that tho same should be a secret bil of sale, and that in order to avoid compliance wlth the provWsions of the befovementioned statute, or to put off compliance therevith as long as possible, such bill of sale should be reexecuted or renewed, or a new bill of sale to the same effect given, from time to time, so as to admit of the now bill of sale being registered under the above statute within the tima thereby limited, in the event of the bankruptoy of James Glover becoming probable; and that in pursuance of such arrangement the bill of sale of the 19th of April, 1856, was renewed, or a bill of sale to the like effect was given on the 15th of May, 1856, the 6th of June, 1856, the 24th of June, 1856, and theoth of August, 1856. Noneof such bilUs of sale were registered.as required by the beforementioned statute, except that dated the 5th of August, 1856, which was xegistered on the 25th of that month. On the 19th of July, 1856, Glover committed an act of bankruptcy, aid he was adjudicated a bankrapt on the 19th of December 1856, the plaintiffs Stansfeld and Gilbert being appointed, {he former efficiai and the latter creditors' assignee of the bankrupt. At the timne of Glover committing the act of bankruptcy the furniture comprised In the bils of sale wete ln his possession or apparent possession. The plaintiff contended that the bill of sale of tbhe 5th of Austg 1856, was void, as being a fraud on the beforementioned statute, and that the preceding biUls were Void as against the plaintiff for want of registration; that the bill of sale of the 5th of August, 1856, was executed by way of frauduaent preference, and that they were in the order and disposition of the bankrupt at the time of his bankruptcy, with the consent of the true owner, Cubltt. Mr. Malins and Mr. W. D. Lewis were for the plaintiffs; Mr. Elmaley and Mr. T. Terrell for the defendant. The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that the title set up by the defendant under the bill of sale of the 5th of August, 1856, folowing four prior bills of sale, could not be supported. It had been said that the bill of sale of the 5th of August, 1856, was a new transantion, and that the Court would presume a cancellation of the precediing bills of sale, and would treat the registered bill of sale of the 5th of August as the only one conferring a title on Cubitt; but it was impossible to separate that bill of sale from the one of the 19th of April; and the Court, moreover, would never presume anything in favour of a fraudulent transaction. The object of the secret and unregistered bills of sale was not to injure the credit of Glover, but to give him the advantage of being in the ap. parent owFnership of the goods and chattels comprised in them, On the whole CaSe he thought there must be Pa decree in favour of the plaintiffs. (Before Vice- Chancefor Sir W. P. WooD.) IN THE MATTER OF TEIE LONDON AND EASTERN BANKING CORPORATION. This case was brought before the Court by adjournment 'rom his Honour's Chambers, in which the company was being wound up, for the purpose of dliscussing the question as to the appointment of an official manager. Upon the 25th of November, upon the application of some of the shareholders, an order was made by the Vice-Chancellor for the dissolution and winding-up of the company nuder the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, Mr. Stuart, who had been already intrasted by the committee of shareholders with the hquidation of the liabilities and realli mation of the assets, being appointed as.interim manager. The case was fuUy reported upon the application for a windlng-up order in The 21!vw of November 26; and as the material facts are stated in his Honour's judgment upon the present application It Is unnecessary agaln to repeat them. Mr. CAIRNS and Mr. JESSEL now applied on behalf of Major Corfield, a holder of 100 shares, upon whose petition the winding-up order had been granted, that Messrs. Bali and Harding might be appointed official managers of the company under the wlnding-np. They objected to the appointment of Mr. Stuart as official mnanager apon the following grounds:-That he was the agent of the Oriental Bank, the ptincipal croditor of the company, and that consequently he would be likely to pro tect the interests of the creditors rather than those of the shareholders, for whose benefit the official manager was designed by the Winding-up Acts. At any rate he would be Eerving two masters, and would not be able to exercise an unembarrassed discretion In favour of the company. Be aides this he was the appolntee of the committee of manage ment, of Whose conduct in making a] call and seeking to enforce it against the shareholda who had given their promissory notes those shareholders nowl complained as being a violation of the pledge under which they gave their promissory note, ass well as upon other grounds. Then with respect to the amount of interest represented by the partioe opposing each other upon this question, the petitioner and those who supported his vlew represented upwards of 1,000 shares, while the other side, though greater in the numerical amount of sbares (1,678), was inferior in the number of shareholders. From this 1,678 the shares held by the committee of mnagement ought also to be deducte(d agthey had not acted to the satisfaction or so as to advance the interests of the general body of shareholders, At any rate the Winding-up Act was not intended merely for the benefit of creditors, and the majority of shares ought not to be allowed at the expense of the company to hand over the management to those who would desize to advancethae latereat of creditors rather than of the shareholders. No personal objection, moreover, oould be raised to Messrs Bail and Harding. Mr. DANTL and Mr. DALY, for Major-General Curtli, Colonel Thorpe, and Mr. Lainson, holders of 390 shates, also supported the appointment of Messrs. Bail and Harding, and contended that the minority were entitled to have the official manager appointed for their benefit; nor conld the majority deprive them of what they were entitled to under the Winding-up Acta by having an official manager appointed In the interet of creditors only. Witx regpect to Mr. Coleman, he ought not to have retired from the direc. tion in 1855 when he saw difficulties arising. Had hebedn firm at that time many of those difficulties might have been averted. Mr. W. AL JANMS and Mr. BovM appeared for Major. General Broke, a holder of 200 shares, and 18 other shareholders, rpresenting in all 523 shares, and supported the appointment of Messrs. Ball and Harding on similar grounds to those already urged. Mr. W. D. ILEWIS appeared for holders of 79 shares, and adopted the same view. M1r. DRUcG, for the Orient Bank, urged that Stuart should be appoiuted, leaving to the Court to determine who and how many should be associated with himnin the manage. ment. Mr. FREErTa, for the holder of one share, proposed Mr. Ttrquand as offlical-manager. There was great hostility between the proposers of Messr Ball and Harding and those who took the vlew of the committee of management. Mr. Turquand was perfectly unbiased, and an active man of business, and as such both parties might plawe confidence in him. Mr. RoLT and jMr. HRTRERGRTON, for the holders of 1,678 shares, Including the committee of management, sup. ported the appointment of Messrs. Stuart and Coleman, and contended that the circamstaneas of this case being special the ordinary rale obtained In winding-up cases did not apply. The official manager must be a personcompetent to deal with the assets and the shareholders in India, and con. versaut with banldng business as there practised. He must be ono who would have the confLdence of the majoritv of tue shareholfiers, without at the same time incurring the hostility of tho creditors; and certainly the Court would act go out of itb way to appoint an offieial manager who was hostile to the creditors. The Court, if possible, would ensure a management which would contilnue any system of liquidation approved by the wholo body of shareholders, already commeneed and nearly worked out, unless some strong Circumstances had since arisen such as to render a continuance of the liquidation under the same management no longerdesirable. Further, the Court Would, looking at the contrat, prefer a gementconneoted with parties who had advanced large sums of money on the faith of the liquidation being carried out by such management. These qualllieations were al to be found combined in Stuart, nor could it be said that he had in anv way forfeited the confidence originally reposed in him. With respect to the cadl sought to ba enforced against the shareholders, Includ_ ing those 'who had given their promissory notes, there was no contract that such a call would eot be made. legal liabilities had arisen which must be meb by a call, if there was a deficienoy of assets that being the only Course open to the committee. The Oriental Bank were not in the posl. tfon of creditors, so that there should be any antagonism of interests between them and the company. Was it the in. terest even of creditors that the liquidation should be con. ducted in a reeldess manner and at any cost to the debtors-. the company ? Moreover, it was only due to the Oriental Bank, and the stipulations under which they came forward to aCsist the company, that Stuart, the manager of their own choloe, should be continued. Mr. CAIRNS, in reply, said, that the shareholders by ap. pointing a committee of management had not deprived themselves of all right to interfere or to have their interests protected in the liquidation. It was considered that the rommittee would represent the general Interests of the ,hareholders, and that Stuart, when appointed, would be subjeet to their authority. Now he would befree frorathat authority and superintendence, and would be at liberty to serve his real masters-the Oriental Bank. The Vicn-CRANCErLon said, It was Yery much to be red iretted that the shareholders could not take a common sense view of their interests, and avoid the expense and delay ,coasioned by these conflicts. As, however, they could not sgree, and, indeed,',there was onsiderable division of opinion among them, the Court must do its best for their general interests-each party having an equal right to be heard apon a question like the present. Mr. Stuart VWs objected so mainly on the ground of his being the nominee of the ,reditors, and Mr. Coleman for similar reasons; while the parties opposing Stuart and Coleman had proposed Messrs. Ball and Harding. No objection, however, bad been nade as to the competency or the integrity of anyone f these four gentlemen. At the commencement of tht Fear the company found itself in a position ox gre.t smbarrassment, arisl&- from the gross misconduct of ono lirector in advancing t,. - ;-le assets of the bank to a co. lreotor, many of the other directors having concurred in his gross act of misconduct. The bank having been Drought to a position where ibanlkrauptcy or insolvency was Lnevitable, and being anxious to stay the ,calamity and avert she impending misfortune, had recourse to the Orienta Bank, which came forwarda to their assistance. That bank, saking a businesslike and, at the same time, a Uberal and mlarged view of its position as a creditor, was willing to -dvance money upon certain terms. A meeting vas held In March, 1857, at which a statement of the affairs and assets was made by MIr. Coleman, the accountant. Although he did not think there had been any design to mislead, still bhere had been no statement in which the assets had not been largely over-estImated; in one instance, no doubt, from the great depreciation of Colonel Waugh's property in Branksea, which it had been found Impossible as yet to re. aUl2e. Indeed, upon the statement of the assets, when there was such a small margin as only 6,0001. left over, every one must have known that there was a great possibility of the amsets falling short. It was at this meeting proposed and agreed to that the shareholders should give each their pro. missory note, payable in March, 1858, for the 501. per cent. stiL payable on their shares, as to whlch of course there was I not only a possibility but a probability that they would have to pay the amount. Power was also reserved to the bank to make calls upon those shareholders 'Who should not give their promissory notes, thus, no doubt, intimating that thosa who gave their notes were not to have these calls enforced against them. Mr. Coleman, able and intelligent as he was, coald not, of course, guaranteo any statement as to the amount to be thus raised being sufficient to clear the liabilities. A large body of shareholders concurred in thearrangement, and also confided matters to a committee of management, with full powers to act, and also with all the authority previously possessed by the directors. The Oriental Bank was to advance 120,0001. upon certain stipulations, one of which was that the manager to carry out the liquidation should be appointed by them. This was submitted to the shareholders, who all approved Stuart as manager. The arrangement, then, -was that the shareholders were to be assisted to the amount of 120,0001. ; that they were to give their promissory notes to the full amount of what remained unpaid upon their shares, but that they were not to be liable to pay calls. Still, however, supposing the 120,0001. and the promissory notes were not sufficient to meet the liabiities, what was to be done? It was a question merely left for future consideration when the difficulty arose, and the difficulty had arisen. There were still outstanding debts due to general creditors besldes those due to the Oriental and other banks. When the deficiency in the estlmated assets arose, which was In a great measure from the depreciation of securities and the failure of the outstanding asset of the Branksea estate, the proper course would have been to call a further meeting of the shareholders, and lay the case before them. The result had been most unfortunate, bat the question in reality was as to how far the committee of management were chargeable with any breach of faith in making calls upon those who had given thelr promissory notes. They might well say to tho shareholders in that position, " It is quite true that you were not to have any cals enforced against you, but the affahrs of the concern are such that unlesa you pay bankraptcy must ensue." No doubt It was very unpleasant to be told that all the calcula. tions had falled, but still why did not the share holders themselves call a meeting, and, if they thougbt fit, depose the committee? This, however, was not done. During the long vaeation a petition was presented for winding-up the company by two shareholders, representing each one share. Of the great bulk of shareholders who had given their promissory notes not one came forward to support that petition. On the contrary, a large body of them opposed it, and etrongly urged upon him (sitting asvacation judge) not to grant the winding-up order. The order was refused on the ground of the smallness of interest represented by those seeking it, and the petition was dis. missed with eosts. This was after fnU notice of the call sought to be enforced, and at a time when those who op. posed the petition must have expected either to pay the call upon their shares or to submit to bankruaptcy. It was far too late for those who then opposed the petition for wind. ing-up now to complain that payment of the calls was enforced against them. lUpon the last petltlon for winding. np, however, a large number of shareholders were found to support it, and the order was made almost as a matter of course. Stuart at this moment was manager of the com. pany, approved by the Or'ental Bank. There had been no meeting to revoke his appointment; in fret, if a meeting were now held the majority, in the proportion of i1,600 to 1,000, would be for continuing him. Then, it was said that the Oriental Bank were creditors of the concern, and that Stuart, although managlr of this bank, was also the agent for the Oriental, so that his duties would conflict, and he would be representing the i creditors rather than the shareholderaf in the winding.up. The Oriental Bank, however, were by no means ordinary creditors; they had acquired a distinot and specific interest in the winding-up. They had liberated the shareholders R from pressing danger of bankruptcy upon the stipulatiton I that they themselves should have a voice in the liquidation and mannge,,ent. Tbe holders of 1,600 shares were anxious to stand by their arraulgeomont. Why was he, then, to dis- place Stuart ?Some one would have to be aacioaed wi-h lm for reasons to be prmsently mentioned. It wa, at any rate, not any bd management on tlh part of Stuart that had led to the call being made. It was the depreciation in certain outstanding assets which bhd cMased the deficienc' Then it waS said that the 1,600 share3 were tOt to be ragarded as so important as ioe minority of about 1,000, Ta directors, however, whose conduct was impeached, wore not included in the 1,600 shares. It had been attempted to exolude the committee of management, but without auy ground, so far as he could see. They made the call with fair and open notice. Why, then, was he to exclude their shares from the majority of 1,600? Anotherreason urged was that they had not caed the director to an accountfor their misdeeds. This, however,was notaltogether the case. With raspect to z.r. Coleman,'he didnot wlsh to say anything, nor had anything been said against him. He had made an error in his calculation, and he had not announced to the world his retirement in 1855. Certainly he was not iustified in aiowing his name to appear in the proEpectuses after his retire. ment, but nothing whatever could be imputed against him. It was not desirable, howover, that more than one offiCia; manager should be appointed on a side, and he should retain Stuart on the one side, and for this reason exclude Coleman. The Oriental Bank had not contracted that any further calls should not be made, and the necessity for a call now arose. Any interferenoe by the Oriental Bank was, hs thought not desirable as to this particular point Som one ougnt to be appointed to see to the interests of the oompany independently of all this arrangement, with which they had nothing to do. As to the directors and any pro. ceedings against them, he knew nothing except the larg3 loss arming from Colonel Waugh, nor did he think that Stuart, appointed as he was, would be the best person ti' Inquire into that. There was this further advantage from having two official managers, not their acting in opwsition to each other, but that there were some questions which required to be considered as between the Oriental Bank and the general body of shareholders. To avoid the shadow of a suspicion it was as well that they should have a voioe in the Uquidation and the other matters connected with the winding-up. It was not difficult for the parties to bring them. selves to a common sense view of the question, and it was auch to be hoped, for the sake of their interests, that they would do so. He should now appoint Ball, together with Stuart, to act as official managers. The costs of all parties to be costs in the winding-up.
COURT OF QUEEN BENCH. (4tn-rn rA rr. Tn-ri 9y THE QUEE V. ROBINSON. (SMUing$ at Nisi Prius-, yor Lord CAIMB EL and a Speck Jury.) Mr. Bezjeant Byles, Mr. Haddleston, Q. C., Mr. Hawkins, and Mr. Harrison appeared for the prosecution; Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Edwln James, Q.C., and Mr. Hodgsoa for the defendant. The defendant, Robert Ansley Robinson, was indicted for wilful and corrupt perjury, assigned upon a deposition made by bU infn the Arches' Court of Canterbury. It appeared that a Mr. Omwell Lloyd Evans had instituted a suit in that court against his wife, Maria Sophia Evans, for a divorce a mensd ct thoro, upon the ground of adultery committed with the defendant; and that the deposition on which the perjury was now assigned was made by the defendant in opposition to that suit. Mr. Serjeant BYLPs-, in opening the case for the prosecution, stated that the averment of the assignments of perjury contalned in the indictment was that the defendant had had Improper intercourse with the prosecutor's wife, Mirs. Evans, both before and after her marriage, and that after her marriage he had committed adultery with her. Mrs. Evans, who was previously a Miss Carrlngton, wag thi daughter of a gentleman of great respectability, who lived In Lansdowne-terrace, Cheltenham. The defendant also was a gentleman in a respectable position, who resided in Cheltenham, and was a maglstrate of that borougb. The defendant had beenliving foragreat many years separate from his wife, In consequence, no doubt, of incomnptilbility of temper. Whlle residing at Cheltenham he had becomne extremely intimate with the family of Mr. and rs. Carrlngton, and with the lady who afterwards became she wife of the prosecutor. It would be showm that he uzad to kiss her, that he used to put his arms roun. her waist- and, though he was many years older than the lady, tiat he used to put his arms round her and kiss her. The frst allegation on which the perjury was asigned was his denial of what took plaee when it was alleged ho had taken Mis Carrington in a fly out for a drive, e had ordered a man to drive out towards Charlton-psrk ia .*ral and sequestered drive, and to take up a lady on 'D. That lady was Miss Carrington, who was about C. 24 years of age. The man took up J§iss COrIngton defendant, and on his way back to Cheltenham . I looked into the fly, and there saw the re:danz -* Carrington in such a position 35 _id leave co ie,u t of his guilt. The evidence of t.' e uiver would be corroborated by two other witnesses, who had made senoranda of what had occurred; so that this part of the case would be proved by three witneases. It was natural, under these cizcumstances, that Mr. Carrington should be anxious that bis daughter should be married to some one; and it would appear that the defendant had brought up a conversation at the club, at Cheltenham, in the course of which he expressed his satisfaction that she was about to be married to the prosecutor, Mr. Evans. In the year 1850 proposals of marriage were made, and acceded to, Mr. Evans was a gentleman of great fortune. lfe had been educated at Eton and Oxford, and, so far as he (Mr. Serjeant Byles) was aware, not the slightest imputation had been or could be cast upon him. The martlage took place in the month of November, 1850, but it was not a happy one; and in the mouth of March, 1851, a separation took place. Mr. Evans had behaved liberally to his wife on her mnarriage; and on their separation he had placed her in a postlon to be independent of her family. It would appear that after the separation the intimacy with the defendant was resmned. In the year 1853 Mrs. Evans came to London, and the defendant took lodgings for her in the vicinity of Great Cumberland-street, where the defendant's mother resided. The defendant, who was a handsome man, there visited Mrs. Evans. This was at No. 15, Edgware-road, at a house kept by a Mr. and Mrs. Philips. Mr. Phillps was a tailor o. respectability, who let lodgings. The lodgings were taken by the defendant for a fortnight, and he there visited her as often as two or three times a-day. No ladles visited Mr Evans while she was there, bat the defendant's visits were constant. Indeed, the defendant himself, in his deposition, aidnitted that he visIted her there twice a-day. It would be shovwn that he was in the habit of taldng her out, and that in two or three days a latch-key was furanished to him, which he used continually for a fortnight at all times of the day. It would not be proved that he was ever in her bedroom - but It would be shown that he was constantly alone with Mrs. Evans in the drawing-room, and that on one occasion he went up ad tapped at her bedroom door. It wonld also be proved that in the month of August, 1853, a man named Munn, who was a gardener, saw the defendant with Mrs. Evans walking from the town of Cheltenham in the evening; that he followed them, and actually saw the act of adultery committed under the wall of the garden of the Rev. Mr. Close, the vicar of Cheltenham. The man had been employed to lay down some gravel in front of the house of a lady named Gleig, in Lansdowne-terrace and, though he formerly thought the event took place in the month of July, he had since ascertained, and could now prove, that it took place in the month of August. It would be shown that in the month of June, 1854, the defendant took lodgings for Mrs. Evans at No. 2, Bryanston-street, it being also arranged that her father and family should come up to London. Mrs. Evans had been there a fort. night, when an application was made to the landLady, Mrs. .ing. by a gentleman named Field, who was a detective officer. Mrs. King, however, naturally objected, and was afraid she should lose letting her house, and, in consequence, a sum of 251. was pald her as a guarantee against loss, and Mield was allowed ho put a servanF into the house to watch. The servant's name was Grocott, and she was the cook. The drawing-room occupied by Mrs. Evans was separated from the adjoining room by folding doors, against which a chest of drawers was placed, so that the doors could not be opened, but a hole was bored through the panel so as to afford a view of a portion of the drawing-room. A Mr. hylins had ocoupied that room as a bedroom, bat he had left It, and on the occasion to be referred a a Mirs. Prlice was in that room, occupied in makin an Inventory of the furniture, &c. On the 4th of July, KXrs. Price having been in that room for some time, the cook, Mrs. Grocott, saw the parties in the drawing-room in a sm. picious position. Some noise then took place, made by Mrs. .rice, and in consequence Mrs. Evans came in from the drawing-room * but when she saw Mr Prlce engaged in making the inventory she returned. Soon after Mrs. King, the landlady, Mrs. Price, and Mrs. Grocott looking through the hole, saw the act of adultery committed. On the following day, the 5th of July, they in the same manner saw the act repeated. In consequence of the discovery thus made of the defendant's guilt an action was brought against the defendant for crnmial conversation; and on the first trial, which took place at Liverpool, the defendant obtained a verdlct. Subsequently, however, a new Wal was granted by the Court of Exchequer; and on the second trial Mr. Evans obtained a verdict, with 5001. damages. An application was then made to the Court of Exchequer for a new trial - but the aplioation waS refused; and it was to be remarked that on that occasion the defendant made no affidavit denying his guilt. Mr. Evans then instituted proceedings in the Ecclesiasticai Court to obtain a divorce a snmnen et thoro, with a view ultimately to obtaining a divorce a vinculo matrimonii. In those proceedings the defendant was a competent witness, he not being a party, and he had sworn the deposition on which perjury wa now assigned. In that deposition the defendant had denied all the material allegations made against him; but when he came to the main fact he used these peculiar words of denial, to which the learned serjeant said he wished to call the attention of the jury. The words were these:- " I am now Drepared wotm3iy to Bweartbat I never did on any oces. "Ion, either befroe or after her inmarage, take Indecent llberttes wlth the producent, and that I nhever did ommit adulteyn with her." Evidence aleo was given to show that the defendant could not have been in the house at that time; and, in fact, a distinct alibi was set up, The learned serjeant then described the rmode in which witnesses were examined in the Ecclesiastical Court. He said they were first taken into a little dark room, -where they made a statement, and thence they were removed into another room, where they wera sworn; but they were not subjeotd to any public ordeal of cross-examination before the tribunal which was to say whether they were to be believed. The judge bad no opportunity of seeing the demeanour of the witnesses in the witness-box, and under these circumstances it was that Sir John Dodson, the judge, thought that the evidence was not sufficient to prove the cae in oppositlon to the defendant's oath. There remained but one mode therefore of having that oath tested, for Mr. Evan could not even appeal to the Privy Council unless he could brlng with him a convictionof tbe defendant for perjnry. It was apprehended also that the decision of Sir John Dodson would be found a difficult estoppel in the new court which was about to be established, and therefore it could not be denied that Mr. Evans had a very great interest in the result of this case. As to the early Intimacy of the delendant with Mrs. Evans, there would be no difficulty, for that would bs proved by the defendant's own statemenlt. As to the affair in the fly there would be tbree witnesse With respeeb to the adaltery atNo. 15 in the Edgware-road, the latch-key would be a most material point ; and here was also a distinct assignment of perjury upon the fact, of his having the latchkey. The defendant swore that he haLd no latchkey, bat that would be proved by Ur. and Mrs. Phillips and by the servant ; so that, if it was not true,all three wltnesses would be guilty of perijury. As to the transactions at No. 2, Bryanston-street, all three witnesses would be guilty of perjury and conspiracy if what they stated was not true. So that If the charge against the defendant was not trae, as many as nine persons In all would be guilty of perjury. With respect to those witnesses no imputation could be cat1lo upon any one of them, except a Mrs. King. who kept the house No. 2, Bryanston-street. She would admit that her early conduct was not distinguished by the rules of chastity, and that Ehe had lived under the protection of a gentleman named Walsh; but whatever might have been her conduct in that particular, it was not credible that she could be sunk in such a depth of wiokednes as to conspire to injure a woman for no motive whatever. She had already received the sum of 251., whether anythtng ocourred or not. It would be said, perhaps, that by a comparison of minutes, and fractionsof time, such as quarters of an hour it was impossible the defendant could have been there at the time. Te jury, however, would carefully examine into these points, and in giving their verdict would decide according to the character of the witnesses. At the close of the learned serjeanVs opening, Lord CAmPBrLL said the details of this case have been already once published; and his Lordship expressed the hope that the public might not be again informed of them. Mr. Serjeant BYLEs expressed his concurrence in this wish. We may be allowed to observe here that it Is our rule to suppress what is absolutely unfit for publication; but of course, as reporters, we attach too much importance to publicity in the admiistration of justice to do more than suppress what is absolutely indecent. In so doing we presume we have followed out hds Lordship's suggestion. The following witnesses were ten examined:- Mr. Townsend, a clerk from the Registrar's-office, produoed the proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Court, which were put in and read at length by the officer of the couxrt. The defendant's deposition was then put in, sworn on the 10th of January, 1856, before Dr. Bobinson, a surrogate of the Court, and acknowlecdged before Dr. Blake. J. HI. Nicholl, a proctor, proved the administrtion of the oath to the defendant. Charles Toler proved the 8ignature of the defendant to the deposition, and his acknowledgment of it before Dr. The deposition was then read, as were also the defendant's answers to interrogatories. The deposltion was of great length, and, in addition to denying many of the facts and eircumstance3 alleged against the defendant, which were referred to in the opening speech of the counsel, concluded thus :-" I am now prepa solemnly to swear that I never did on any oceasion, either before or after her marriage, take indecent liberties with the producent, and that I never did cormmit adultery with her." Mary Griffiths, examined by Mr. HAWIVLSS, sald,-I am housekeeperto Miss Maxwell, of Twining, near Tewkesbury. Sheisan old lady, aged 80. Iha.vebeen41years in her service. I have known the defendant as much as 26 years. I have seen Mrs. loyd Evans. flss maxwell lives three miles from Tewkesbury, which is 14 miles from Cheltenham. There are two large gardens by the side of the house, separated from each other by a walL There are trees and Bhrubs In the garden. In 1845 my bedroom commanded a view of the garden. On one occasion, in AprU or early in May, 1845, the defendant came over to visit Miss MaxwelL He carme three times in all. On each ocoasion Miss Carrington (Mrs. Evans) was there. The defendant brought them. On two occasons Miss Carrington was accompanied by her sister, a young girl, almost a child. On the eacond occasion Miss Carrington was accompanied by her father. Ox the occason when she came with the father the defendant brought the young lady into the kitchen to have some bread and butter. After that thev were all in the garden. Miss Maxwell walked with Mr. Carrington, and the defendant took Miss Car. ringtoa everywhere she went. I was in my bedroom some of the time and watched them. I notioed the defendant walking 'ith his arm round her neck and .ound iier waist. They walked into the dairy, and every where, very lovagly. If I had not known him to be a marrieGu man. J should have thought they were lovers. Mr. Carrlngton anad Miss Maxwell were walking in some other part of 'h? 7arden. I think Mir. Carrlngton and Miss MWaxvell w'-u . the house some part of the tLme. They could n tsee fis arm round her waist. That Is alllIsav Cross-examined by Sir F. THxslGri.-I have never been a witness before to state these circumstances. I iirst told thisd to Miss Maxwell when - wrote to say the de. sdndant was coming again. It was the last time they caled there, and were not admitted. I think it was the next year, in 1846. 1 first mentioned it to Mr. Evans in January, 1856. I don't think Mr. Evans knew Miss Maxwell. Some of Miss Maxwell's friends informed him of it. I was first examined by an attomey this week. I was at the top of the house, and they were walking in the terrace walk and all about the garden. The little child was not there when the father came. Re-examined by Mlr. 1HWX1Is.-I mentioned It to Miss Maxwell in 1846, when she said they were coming to lunch; and she said shs would put an end to it. Walter Serman, examinedby Mr. HARRISOI, sald,-I aM a coachman in the employ of the Rev. Mr. Saunders. I was examined at the tral at Liverpool and iu the Arches' Court. In the year 1846 I was in the service of Mr. Carrlngton, and lived ith him two years and seven months as page. I know the defendant. During that time he frequently visited Mr. Carrington. He g-nerally came from 2th half-past 2. Alter he had entered the haU he generally gave a whistle. I then showed him up to the drawing-room. I have seen Miss Carrington come out to meet him. On one or two occasions I have seen her show herself over the balust,rs withher frock off. Charles Crash, examined by Mr. HIUDDLSTOX, said,I am footman to Miss Croftg. In 1848 I was footman to Mr. Carrington, in Lansdowne-terrace. On one occasion tbe defendant was dining with the family. After dinner, at the dessert time, Miss Carrington left the dinin room with her little brother, about two yeas old, and Droceeded upstairs. Lord CAPBELL.-And went upstalrs? (LAughter.) Much amusement was created by the manner in which this young man gave his evidence. He wore kid gloves, and kept flourishing his hat about while giving his evidence till told by Lord Campbell to put it down. The witness continued.-The defendant followed her with something for the little boy in his hand, and, turning back to come down stairs, I saw him kiss Miss Carrington. Miss Carrington went up stairs, and defendant returned to the dining-room. I was coming from the drawing-room. The defendant might have seen me if he had looked up. This was in the summer of 1848. In 1853 I was at my mother's, who lived next door but one to Mr. Carrington in Lansdowne-terrace. From my mother's room (the house. keeper's room) I have seen Mrs. Evans walking up and down on the terrace on a Sunday. I have seen the defendant meet her there, and then they left the terrace, and I saw no more of them. Cross-examined by Sir F. TB3=GXR.-The kiss took place on the dining-room staircase. He followed her up half a dozen stairs. It was daylight-about 7 o'clock in August. Mr. Carrlngton kept three or four servants besides myself. The family consisted of Mr, and Mrs. Carrington, two Miss Carringtons, and the little boy. I was examined at LAverpool in April, 1855, not in the sammer of 1854, nor in the Ecclesiastical Court. The kiss was not i Lausdowneterrace,but in Lanedowne-crescent. There was a dining-room drawing.room, and two bedroom stories. Their own house was being repaired. John ?IIlqihan, examined by hir. HAWINS, said,-I am the manager of the waterworks at Cheltenham. In 1849 my father was the manager of turnpike roads for the district. The Charlton-park road was a part of his dis. trlot which required repairs in 1849. It was part of my duty to measure the roads to be repaired. I recollect a fly coming along the road in July, 1849, at about 2 or 3 o'clock. I am sure it was in July. I know by my book. The fly -was going towards Cheltenham. It was larger than tbe London cabs. My attention was called to It by the flyman, who rmotioned with his thumb in this way. (The witness here motioned with his thumb over his right shoulder in a very significant manner.) (Laughter.) lHe signalled me to look into the fly. The y was on the level and I was on the path. I looked and saw a gentleman's head leaning over what appeared to be a lady. His face was towards me, and I recognized Mr. Robinson (the defendant). I could not see the features of the lady; it appeared to be a lady. She was on the back seat. I could not swear to the position in which she was. There was a person named Blandford who was working upon the road at the time. After the fly had passed I made some observation to him; I do not recollect the words, but I recollect the substance of what I said. I do not know who the driver was. Cross-examined by Sir F. THXSGBn.-I was not examined at Liverpool, nor in Doctos'-comons, I was aubpenaed on Friday night. Robert Boston, examined by Mr. HtlnaLxSvos, said,-I am A fly driver at Cheltenham, and have been so for 20 years. In 18491 w nas in Mr. Spreadbnry's service. I saw ithe defendant in1849. I have driven him out in my'fly more than once or twice. I recollect, in the latter pait of July, 1849, he ordered a fly. He came to me in the yard, and asked me if I had a horse harnessed. He said he did not know whetber he should want one or not, but he should be back in 10 minutes. He came back, and told me to follow him to the Bath-road, and he would get Into the fly when I overtook him. I did so, and when I overtook him he got into the fly, and told me to go along the Featherstone-road, and when I overtook a lady to stop and pick her up. I did overtake a lady, and picked her up. The lady was Miss Carrington, now Mrs. Evans. The defendant then told me to drive rouad Charlton-park, as far as the Cirencester turnpikegate. That Is a retired road. I went as far as the gate, and as I was coming baek I looked into the fly and saw a lady's bonnet on the back seat where she was sitting. As I went on the road I saw the defendant standing in front of her, and when I came to some men I pointed behind to let them know that I knew what was going on. The witness then described the position of the parties, which, if true, could leave no doubt of the defendants criminality. The men were measuring the road. The defendant told me to drivo to the bask part of Tivoli, which is rather on the outskirts. The lady got out there, and I drove the defendant to the Assembly-room. Cross-examined by Sir F. TsGRESom-This was a goods,ized fly, a high one, without blinds. There wrere only Fide windowrs in the door. I look.ed through the window on the off-side. The window was half dovn. 'Ilquhan was onthenear-side. I didnotknowhimbefore. Ihadbeendriving them about anhour before this oecurred. It was about a mile and -half from Tivoli. I cannot fix the date, exeapt tha' it was in the latter part of July. The defendant paid me for the fly. I think he paid me 8s. 6d. for an hour and a-half. I wa not examined at Liverpool in the snumer of 1834; but I was examined in the spring of 1855 - bat not in the Archcs Court. I was discharged by Mr. Spreadbury when I came from Liverpool. That was because he had seen that I had said that I had told him. I dor't Temember whether I said at the trial that I had told Mr. Spreadbury immedi- ately I got home. Mr. Spreadbury discharged me because he said I ought not to have taken much people up, and that I oDght to have told him. He gave as a reason for di,, elaiging me, because I had sworn fahIely in saying I had told bim. A few weeks afterwards I went into the service of Davis at the Queen's Hotel. I was discha7ed by Mr Davis because I cot tipsy, not for telling lies nor for keeping back money. He never said I told lies. Re-examined by Mr. HUDDLESTO.N.-Mr. Davis ernployed we two or tbree tiines after he had discharged me. When I came back with the fly I mentioned in the yard what I had observed in the fly. Mr. Spreadbury was in the yard. and might have heard me. Hie discharged me as soon as I came back from Liverpool. He came into the yard and said, "I'll pay you; I shan't waat you Jany more, for my flies will have a bad name for what has been said at Liverpool." I said " Very well." He said he ought to have gone to Liverpool, and not me. He said he knew more than I did abou' the parties. I said I did not ask to go, and did not know there was a trial going on. He said, very well, he should not want me any more. George Blandford, examined by Mr. HAWKWS, said,-I amu a roadsman living at Charlton. I remember being on the road with Mr. `'Ilquhan. I recoUect seeing a flyman come up and signal to me and MIr. M'lqnhan thus (pointing over his shoulder). I did net see into the fly. When the fly passed hl'llquhan said something to me. The footpath might be three. or four inches above the road. Cross-examined by Sir F. TAESi[GE.-I have not been exramined before. George Schonswar, examined by Mr. HA-unisoN, said,-I live at Chellenham, abd am a magistrate for the county of Glocester. In October, 1850, on a Sunday, beforo church, I vrent into the CliLb. The defendant came In, and Colonel Higgins, who is since dead, spoke to him, and said, Is or Evans going to be married?" The defendant said, "We've hooked him at last; he was a slippery fish, but we've hooked him at last." Gross-examined by Sir F. TnisxGER.-I Was sabpmevaed on the second, but not on the first triaL No one else was called to prove the same. Colonel Higgins was then alive. Thirty years ago I was junior partner in a house connected with the Mauritius. The house failed in 183i. I was created magistrate in 1851. The flat was gazetted In 1831. My certificate was gazetted In May, 1842. The house certainly paid a dividend. I had to swear to a qualification of 1001. a-year. I was employed to wind up the concern. I was only junior partner for two years and a half. Re-examined by My. Sereant BYLmS.-I had nothing to do personally with the advanoes made in the Mauritius. Charles Alorgan, examined by Mr. Serjeant BYLrS, said,I was waiter at the club at Cheltenham in 1850. I heard the defendant say in the club, " Have you heard who is going to be married ?" He said, " Mr. Evans to Miss Carrington." He said, "M Mr. Evans was a slippery fish, but they had catched himsat last." (Laughter.) Cross-examined by Sir F. TmsiGsRnE.-I did not enter this in my book. Messrs. Schonswar, father and son, and Colonel Higgins were present. I was asked about this before the first trial at Liverpool, but I was never caUed as a witness. Re-examined by Mr. Serjeant BYLES.-Mr. Schonswar, sen., is a very old man. Sarah PhiWips, examined by Mr. IUDDVnSTOIT, sald,-My husband, Henry James Phlips, is a tailor. I lived at No 15, Edgware-road, in 1853. I let lodgings. I remember Mrs. Evans coming to my house at the end of June, 1853. She Went away the first week in July. The defendant took the lodgings. I saw the defendant on the evening of the day Mrs. Evans came. He asked my maid for a latchkey, and I gave him one the next morning. It was the key of the street door. During that time the defendant vlsited her two or three times a-day. I suppose he let himsel'f in with the latchkey. No ladies visted Mrs. Evans. The defendant came at 10 or 11, then at noontime, and again in the evening. He did not always come at noon. So generaly stayed an hour or an hour and a half. They have one out of an evening together frequently, about 7 o'clock. can't tell what time they came home. The maid sxt up. When the defendant went away he said they were nice apartments, and they had bnen very comfortable, and he had left the key on the cheffonier. Mrs. Evans paid for the apartments, When they were gone I foand the key on the cneffonier. Cross examined by Sir F. THsoMzn-When the defendant came to take the apartments he gave me his name, and said ho was living_ia Camberland-street. He took them in the name of Mrs. Evans I have been examined at the two trials at Liverpool, and in the Ecclesiastic-. Court. The first evening he came in through the shop, and I said to my hueband, " I do not much Uke this- *I am afraid she is a kept woman." It was the next mornIng the defendant askedl me for a latchkey. I had never before given a latchkey to a lodger's visitor. I had given one to a lodger. I never said he asked me for the key (Tbe answer of the witness in Doctors'-commons was read to that effect.) He asked the maid. He asked us both. He asked the maid first. I have before mentioned finding the key on the cheffonier. I did rnot ask him to give up the key. I believe I said in Doctors'-commons that he had left it on the cheffonier. I never saw anything imaproper in the conduct of Mrs. Evans while she wvas in the house. I saw nothing wrong in her at alL I nover saw any particular familiarity between them. I only saw them when they were going out. He had a familiar manner, which made hing make himself at home with everybody. The blinds were often down on our side of the road because of the sun. It was in 1854, to Field, I first mentioned the latchkey. I did not see much of Field. I saw him two or three times. I did not know there was a person named Grin watching anywhere In 18533. I know a man named Munn. He lodged inmy house for a week. Mr. Melton, the attorney for the prosecution, brought him there. I 'went to Bryanston-street to identify Mrs. Evans. I think It was Mr. Field sent me. I went under pretence of Inquiring for a lady, a Mrs. Barker. Re-examined by Mr. HUDDLaSTON.-I have kept the house in the Edgware-road for seven years. I did not ask the defendant for the key; he hlmself told me where It was. I had no opportunities of seeing the defendant and Mr Evans when they were alone together. I only saw them when they were going out. Henry James Phillips, examined by Mr. H1wsivnS, said,-I was the husband of the last witness (laughter), and am now. I have s-en the defendant in my house. I never heard him knock. I have seen him in the passage. There is a door leaiing from the shop to the passage, and I have seen him pass, Oa thess occasions no one has opened the door. Cross-examined by Sir F. TIssGcR.-Munn lodged at my house. Mr. lelton or his clerk brought him, not Field. I believe hiMun came up to identify Mrs. Evans, and I went with him for that purpose. He stayed a week. I never saw Field with Munn, but I had often seen him by himself.. The clerk proposed my going with Munn. I did not know that anybo ly was appointed to watch Mrs. Evans's proceedings at my house. I did not see Griffin while Mrs. Evans was lodging at my house. Jemlma NiiUer, examined by Mr. HAasRisoc, sald,-I was In the service of Mr. and Mrs. Phillips in June, 1853. The defendant used to let himself in with a latchkey. He asked me if hs could have one. That was the first day Mrs. Evans came. I think it was in the evening. I came down and asked Mrs. Phillips for it, and she went to a cupboard in the kitchen and got one out. She took it upstairs and gave It to Mr. Robinson. I was present. Mrs. Evaus's bedroom was on the second floor, the room over the drawingroom. I never saw the defendant go into the room above, but I saw him go up the stairs. I heard him speak. He knocked at the door and said, " It's only me." (Laughter.) I heard nothing else. Mhrs. Evans's maid, Clra Wxight(now rill), waited. The defendant got into the house by a latchkey. If anybody else came it was my duty to open the door. They sometimes went out at night. Mr: Phillips sat up The defendant is rather stout and goodlooking. (Laughter.j Cross-examined by Sir F. THESIGER.-She took the key out of the kitchen and gave it to the defendaut. I did not see it put into his hands. I did not go up with her. She told me she gave it him. I opened the door to the defendant twice. I opened the door to him the first day when he knooked, and once afterw ards. I did not see Mir. Frederick Robinson, the son, there, Re-examined.- On the second occasion I was looking out of the window, and he was leading a horse. A man named Griffin never came to the house and spoke to me. By Lord CA-mrIIBELL.-I have seen the defendant come in with a latchkey. John Munn, examined by Mr. HUDDLzKSTON, said,-I am a gardener. I have lived in Cheltenham 32 years. I know the defendant and Mrs. Evans. I have often seenthem together. Ia the year 1853 I was employed to put down some gravel for Mrs. Gleig, at No. 23, Lansdowne-terrace. I was employed by Mr. James Webster. I did this job in over-hours. While I was so employed I saw the defendant, Mrs. Evans, and her sister, Miss Carrington, together. This was in August, 1853, in the evening, betvreen 8 and 9 o'clock. They came out of Mr. Carrington's, and proI ceeded towards Christ Church. They walked backwards and forwards two or three times, and then Miss Carrington lef e them, and went into Mr. Carrington's house. The de. fendant and Mr.Evans took another turn, came baok, and then went back again towards Christ Church. They came back the third time, and I saw them walk off the pavement. This was a street which went from Lansdowne-terrace down to Alstone. Through curiosity, of course, I wished to see. It was a retired place. I followed them, because we aU knew, and many hundreds. They went to Mr. Close's waL It was neither dark nor light. That is Mr. Close's wall, the clergyman's. The witness then described the particulars of what he had seen, and continued,-I stood there tiU I saw them move, and then retired. There was no outlet. They could not see me because the tree hid me. I then retired back, and went to Mrs. Gleig's and got the money for my work. I pointed out the place to a person named Old- meadow. The witness described the place as a rough pieco of buildieg land. Cross-exAmined by Sir F. TEssrsGsRs'-I was examined in Doctors'-cousmons. I did not say it was on the 22d of July. (The answer was read in which the witness sad it was at the end of July, but he thought it was about the 22d of July. I now fix tho date as the 12th of August. I have got the date from Mrs. Gleig's memorandum-book. I got the date a fortnight back. I did not mention the day of the month just now because I was not asked. They were wallking together; for a quarter of an hour, 20 minutes, or it might be more. The piece of ground adjoins Lansdowneterrac. I was aboat 50 or 60 yards off. I said in Doctors'commons, "I may have been 100 yards or better from tbem." I had not seen Field till to-day. There was an uninhabited house near the ground, and no one could see from Mr. Close's house in consequence of the walL Re-examined by Mr. Serjeant BYLES.-The distance had not been measured when I gave mny evidence in Doctors'commons. I pointed out the places to Mr. Oldmeadow Esther Sheen, examined by Air. Serjeant BYLus, said;-I am the wife of Thomas Sheen, of Montpellor-street, Cheltenham, dairyman. In 1853 I was lady's maid to Mrs. Gleig. I remember some gravel being laid down in front of herhouse. I appled to Mr. Webater's head gardenerto send a man to lay it down; and Munn, the last witness, camelfrom him. Munn came and worked over hours of an evening It might have been three or four days. He finished in the month of August. I was there when he came and asked for his money. Mrs. Gleig is very delicate. Ier son is here I know it was in August, because wwe't to lodgings in tbe country and came beck again. Cross-examined by Mr EDNYp JAM.S,-It must have bxen the second week in August. He worked late, tiU it was dark.a -Gleig, examined by Mr. Serjeant ByrES, gald,-fy mother is unwell This is the book my mother kee I did not see tbe money paid. I know -when the woriwcu done. It was in August. I know that fror seeing the book, and also nmy brothers had come homae from school and returned about that time. - Oldmeadows, examined by Mr. Serjeant BYLYs, sald, -I am an artist and a teaoher of drawing. Munn pointed out to me the tr- e and the walL They were about 60 yards apart. Where the man stood there was a road leading to AIstone. It is a publie carriage road, bet not muoh frequented. Oross-examined by Sir F. Trxsrazn.-The spot is 112 feet from the pathway. Maria KiDg. exa-mined by Mr. HUDDLESTON, said -In 1854 I lived at No. 2, Bryanston-8treet. I held the Loase a year and a-half or two years. I let the bouse in apart. ments. In 1854 the defendant took apartments in my house. I believe it was in June or July. Betook the rooms on a Thursday and Mrs. Evans came on the MKonday. He raid they were for Mrs. Evans, and she would be accompanied by a gentleman who was reading for holy orders. (Laughter.) The defendant called several timeesto know if Fhe bad arrived, and he wished me to get some butter and tea ready. She arrived between 5 and 6. The defendaut came after she arrived. While she was there the defendant called two or three times a-day, in the morning, afternoon, and sometimes after dinner. When the had been there some time I saw Mir. Field, and he made a proposition to me. I always obhected. Field took two rooms in my house for an old lady. She came, but went away again. I received 151. for the use of the house for a short time. My cook was very i, and Field came one day. It was pro. poEed that Mrs. Grocott sbould take the place of the cook. She came to the house. I knew Mrs. Price. On the 4th of July she was in my house making an inventory. On that day I went upstairs. Mrs. Evans occupied the drawing. room floor and the front bedroom over, and an attic for her maid. The front drawlDg-room was used for a sitting. room. It has two windows in Bryanston-street. There Is a sofa between the two windows. The back drawing-room vwas made into a bedroom for Mr. Mylius. There Is no back room; it is all front. The foldlng doors were fastened and a cbest of drawers 'were placed on one side the doors The doore were locked. I went up to the room where Mrs. Price was making the inventory. Mrs. Grocott fetched mne. I should tbink it was between 2 and 3 o'clock in the afternoon. I went Into the side room, and looked through a hole inthe panel of the folding doors. I did not know of the bole bef,,re. I saw the defendant and Mrs. Evans on the sofa between the windows committing a criminal act. Mrs. Prloe and the cook were in the room with me. The next day I went up to the room again, and looked through the same hole again. It vas nearly the same time as before. I saw the defendant and Mrs. Evans on the sofa as before. Only Mrs. Grocott was in the room that day. I saw the defendaut a day or two before I went to LiveoL It wr;s about two yards from my own house. He said to me, "M Mrs. King, is that you? I am very glad to seeyou. Willyountellime all about this set out? What did I ever do to you that you should come up against me?" I told him that he knew very well what he had done himself,-of course it was a very wrong thing. I told him he knew what he had done, and how he came to be served with the writ. I told him I had been wy n was very soxrry, andl did not wish to haveanything to do with it. He said, "Can you not go awa again and find the cook P" The witness then went on to eay that the defendant said, " I will fight it, for I have clever men at work." He said it would ruin me If I went against him. Cross-examined by Sir F. THEGER.-My real name Is Welsh. I had been unfortunate; and I took the name of King, I took that name from faucy. I cannot say why I took the name. It was because it was the name of a "1gent" with whom I had been living-not his surname. I once lived at No. 24, Brydges-street, next door but one to the theatre. I went there from Alsop-terrace. It was a cigar shop. Ib was a place where ladies and gentlemen used to come. I never inquired whether the ladies were married. The ladles came and called in. They very likely came to meet the gentlemen. I had two ladies living in Brydges.street. One was a shopwoman. They may have received gentlemen. They might have received gentlemen at night. I suppose If I say "yes" it will satisfy you. (Iaughter.) I was what is called a gay or unfortunate woman for some time, but not very unfortunate. (The cool effrontery with which the witness said this produced loud laughter in court, which was immediately checked.) I do not know what you may call a brothel. I never lived in a brotheL I am not now living with a gentleman. lam nowlivingin PortlAnd-row. I have been there si or seven months. I went from Bryanston-street to. live at my dressmaker's. I went first to Manchester-street. I believe 25Z. was to have been given me, but I only received 151. I received it at Dr. Jones's in Manchester-square. It was before the Tuesday or Wednes. day. I only received 151. When I got the money I wanted to get rid of Field altogether. Mtr. Melton (the attorney for the prosecution) relieved my distress once or twice. He paid two quarters' rent. He paid one quarter at one time, and one quarter at another. He took my I 0 U for the money. He put my furniture in a warehouse. I believe he only did it as chaLity. I have the furniture now in my house. I have not paid the money. I dare say the defendant would have been willing to do a great deal more for me. Mrs. Evans paid my lodgings on a Monday. I cannot say, but I believe It was near a fortnight after Mrs. Evans came that Field took the lodgings. The old lady (Miss Jackson) came and occupied a little room opposite the parlour and the bedroom next mrs. Evans's on the second floor. She stayed three days, and I told Field she was of no use, because I wanted to get her out of my house. I told my servant that there were detectives about the house, and if any one came she was to say I wsw not at home. Field appointed a meetlng at my house on the 3d of July. MIrs. Price was at my house that night. I had met her at a sale. Mrs. PAice was at my house on the 3d of July to take an inventory. That was in consequence of Mfr. Carrington's family coming on the Thursday to take the whole house. Mrs. Price had been at my house every day for months. Knowing my house was going to be let she came and offered to take the Inventory. When I went to meet Field at the Marble Arch on the Monday I took Mrs. Price with me. I told her I was going to meet Field. I told her there was an Intrigue supposed to have taken place at my house, and that Field was employed to detect it. I told Field I would have nothin to do with it. I might have said, " Here's my friend Mr. Pice, perhaps she wil assist you?' I told him " She is coming to my house to-raorrow to take an Inventory, and you may speak to her if you like, and she may assist you." I walked up and down by the Marble Arch. Mrs. Price was living in Ryder-street, St James's-street. She came next day, hut she could not complete the inventory. The reason was that after what we had seen we were all too much bothered to attend to the inventory. (Laughter.) Mrs. Price never completed the inventory. She would never come into the house again. Mrs. Evans asssted in making the inventory. She did the drawing. room and bedroom. Mrs. Price did nothing to the inventory after the occurrence. On that day a gentleman called wi a little boy with the defendant, and also the next day, the 5th. Mrs. Evans generally had luncheon between 1 and 2. I think the defendant came there before the time of luncheon; I know he was there after. Mr. Myliuts went out on the 4th after lunch, as he usually did. He did the same on the 5th of July. I recollect on the 4th of July a Mrs. bI'Donald and her daughter calling. Mr.Evans took her over the house. I can't tell what time Mr. Carrington came with his family on the 5th. It was towards evening. I never told Field what I saw on the 4th and 5th of July. I did not see Field. The first person I told was Dr. Jones, of Manchester-square. It might have been Tuesday evenig or Wednesday evening; to the best of my knoiwledge it was a Wednesday evening. I have not seen Field since the trial at Liverpool tUIl today. I saw Field at Mrs. Price's house on the 11th of July. I went to Margate with Mrrs. Price, and Field came to us there. On the 11th of July Field knew all about it. We spoke about it. I knew the action was going to be bronght. When I was examained at Liverpool I did not say a word about the conversation with the defendant. I had told Mr. Melton about it. The question was never asked. Re-examined by Mr. Serjeant BYLES.-MrS. Price was four or five hours in taking the inventory. She had gone through most of it. On the second trial I was asked about the conversation with the defendant, and then stated what I have stated to-day. At this point in the evidence, It being 6 o'dock, the trial was adjourned till to-rmorrow. S1COND COURT. (Bcfore Mr. Justice ERLE and a SFpeckil Jury.) ELKISS V. SURraY. Mr. Hannen was counsel for the plaintiff ; Mr. H. Hill and Air. J. Browne appeared for the defendant. The declaration alleged that the defendant, by warrant' in& that he had authority, as agent for a MIr. Toleman, to se a house for 2,050t., induced the plaintiff to enter into an ag2eement for the purchase of it, whereas he had no such anthority, and that by persisting in his assertion that ho bad authority be induced plaintiff to take legal proooedings to enforce his right, in which he was defeated and put to great expense. The defendant pleaded that he did not warrant a aileged * tbat he had authority* and that he did not induce the plaintiff to enter into the agreement. It appeared from the evidence for the plaintiff that he Is a solicitor. In the early part of 1853 he was anxious to fnia an inves'ment for some trust money lylng - in his bands. On the 9th of February the defendant, who is a collector of taxes and house-agent, called on him on some business and mentioned that he had for sale a house in Glocester-road, Regent's Park, occupied by Mr. Roxburgh, the property of Mr. Toleman, at the price of 2,0501. Mr. Elk-ns was anxious to see the house; Mr. Roxburgh declined to permit him, but he was enabled to see the lease. On the looriing of the 24th of February he called at defendant's office about half-past 9 in the morning, and said that he liked the look of the house, and was come to conclude the purcbase It defendant had authority to sign a contract. Defendant said he had, but suggested that the plaintiff should draw up the contract as he was a soliCitor. The contract was drawn Up and signed, and defendant wrote to Mr. Toleman to infirm him of the sale. The same afternoon the plaintiffreceived a note from defendant inclosing one from Mr. Tolean , to the effeot that the contrzat was too late, as he had previously sold the house to Mr. Roxburgh. Mr. Elkins relying on defendant's statement that he had autbority, fied a bill in Chancery aginst rr. Toleman and Mr. Roxburgh. The Master or tha Roils directed an issue, and the jury found that the defendant had not authority to negotiate, nor to concludce the sale. Mr. Toleman contended that the defendant's authoI rity was only to introduce a purchaser at 2,1001. The plain tiff's blll was then dismissed with costs, and he paid Mr. Toleman costs 2611., Mr. Roxburgb, 911., and his own amounted to 234L He brought an action nst the defoudint to recover this amount. On the trlal the defendAnt for the first time alleged that when ElkIns aked him whether he had authority, he did not answer " Yes,I butatd he 'would submit the facts to Mr. Elkins, and hem a solicibor could judge; that Mr. El}ins replied, " Yes, yoU bave power; no harm can come to you." A verdlct was found for the defendant, which was subsequently set ade, and the case came on a second time for trial. The case turned entirely on what had pasaed between the plailtiff and defendant at their intervicw. PlMntiff stated.
COURT OR lONMUAnV PTA.i' I.,- o1 TY1VP A n''- ---u V I (Siings a. NiZi Prius at Guit(lhl, bef¢re Chief Justicg OOCKCBURN anyl n-tq/.1,;. I Mr. Edward James, Q.C., and Mr. Cihast;y were counsel for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Wilde, Q C., tud Mr. Blackburn apieared for the defendant. this was an action to recover the asnour,t for which a vessel 'Which was wrecked had been insured by tbe defendant as underwriter. The evidence adduced was almost entirely dGcumentAry, and consisted maiinly of examinatioi,s, pr.tests, and other vmitings. From these it appeased that in Iieptember, 155 the bng Hyperion sailed from Liverpool for Vera Cruz. Sbe eventually went for a cargo to Laguna d,o Tlrninos, in the Bay of Mexico, where a storm aroue. She was driven on to the bar, and after buemping and lahouring for some days she was wrecked and became a tnt,l loss. The only point of interest in the cmse was that during the period of time when tho vessel was tossing about in the ctorm one policy of insurance expired, and another came into operation at 12 o'clock on the 5th of February, 18 56. The defendant, who was an underwriter under ths firft policy, therefore said that, although he was liahle for a portion of the loss, yet that the underwriters under the second policy ought to contribmtvt on the grouad that a portion of the injury sustained by the Hyperion took place after their liability began to accrue. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs. The sum of 1,7371. having been paid into court (heing after the rate of 60 per cent.), they stated that 85 per cent. was the proper FBZND V. DENNxrTT (CLERK TO THE LOARD OF HEALTH OF NVORT11lM,.) Mr. HANCE. before tbe jury got into the box, applied, on behalf of the plaintiff, to postpone the trial till to-morrow (this day), and said that both parties understood that it was not to be tried till then, and were not reAdy with their witnesses. It would probably torn out to det ond on a ques'ion of law. He thought the amounts were not disputed. Mr. WATRIN WILLLIAS, for the defendant, said the -plaintiff, In his declaration, claimed also damages for an obstruction to the works, caused by the defendant allowing water to flow into them. The CsiiiE-JusrscE.-This cause was fixed for to-day, and I shall not allow It to stand over. Mr. HANCE.-Then we withdraw the record. One of the jury, on behalf of the rest, addressed his Iordship, and asked what position they were in. They had been there since Thursday, and if they bad not attended they would have been fined; and here now, when the cause was called on, by some juggle the learned gentlemen got the whiip-hand of them just as they were getting into the box, and withdrew, or some such thing. Ee could not under. stand It. Were they not entitled to some compensation for being kept there all that time 9 The Cllrn-JuvsTcE said ho wvas afraid he could not assist them; such was the state of the law. SECOND COURT. (Before Msr. ,Justice CRESWELL and a Common Jury.) Mr. Hawkins and Mr. Sleigh appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeant Ballantine for the defendant. This was an action on a bill of excbange, dated the 7th of March, 1857, drawn by a Mr. Thomas Millet upon and acceptd by the defendant, and indorsed by Thomas M3iler to a Mr. Thomas Francis Wright, and by Mr. Wright to the plaintiff. The plaintiff is a trunk and portmanteau manufacturer carrying on business at No. 38, Haymarket, and it appeared that Wright called at the shop of the plaintiff and selected some trunks, stating that theywere for his younger brother, 'who had just got a commniession in the army, offering s blU in payment, and requesting the plaintiff to let him have the differece in cash, and that the drawer, acceptor, and himself were clerks in the General Pest office. The plaintiff, finding that to be correct, took the bil, and gave the difference ln cash. On the part of the plalntiff, Thomas Miller, the drawer of the bill, was called. He stated that he had resigned his situation in the General Post-office, and that he was now an attorney's clerk, and swore that he saw the defendant accept the bill of exchange aned upou. Seperal witnesses were called who gave evidence as to the similarity of the defendant's handwriting with the acceDtance on the blll. The defence was that the acceptance was a forcery. Several witnesses were called on the part of the defendant, and at the conclusion of the case the jury Immediately zeturned a verdict for the defendant.
COTTRT OR PRYflflnTrh M-Ar , - .O, I.TA't lV. STTAWV AIMTh A -NOTTIV (Sftings aC Nisi Prius, at Guildhall, before the CuEx BARON and a Commro J.urmu Mr. Gates was counsel for the plaintiff,; Mr. ManLsty, Q.C,, appeared for the defendant, This was an action on a builder's bill. The case was long and tedions, and resulted in a verdict for tho plaintiff for the amotnt he sought to recover. JONES V. WYASZKOwsScr. Mr. Edwin James and Mr. Bell were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Srijeant Thomas appeared for the defendant. This was an action to recover the sum of 100Z., money lent. The defendant pleaded that he never vas indebted, and a set off. Mr. JAmaEs in his opening said, that the plaintiff, the Hon. Mary Jones, was the daughter of the late and sister of the present Lord lianelagh and was possessed of a fair average income, and that the defendant, styling himself the Count De Waszkowski, and who had said that he was the eon of the celebrated Prince Wittgensteln, occapied apartments in the same house in which the plaintiff was then residing-viz., 74, Ebury-street. The defendant commenced making overtures for an introduction to the plaintiff, and began the attack by loading Mrs. Jones's maid with bouquets and letters, and as a natural consequence they were returned-the flowers unruffled, and the letters unopened. The plaintiff, finding herself a great deal annoyed, determined to see the defendant, and personally to request a discontinuance of an annoyance which made her residence In Ebury-street displeasing to her. The defendant, with great adroitness, contrived to squeeze into the interview the sad tale of his private history. He stated that he was the son of Prince Wittgenstein, and, owing to political misfortunes, he wandered the earth an exile; he had strayed to Lyons, studied medicine there, and 7ltimatelyreceived notice from the French Government to leave, and consequently found his way to England; during his residence in this country some differences had occurred between himself and his father which had resulted in the discontinuance of his allowance, that as a denier resoere he was compelled to support himself by giving instruction in military tactics and languages; he mentioned incidentaUy that at the death of his father he should stand possessed of estates realizing 40,0001. per annum. The tale melted the gentle Deademona; she said, " 'Twas pitiful, 'twas wondrous -pitiful ;" and before three months had elapsed they, the plaintiffanddefendant, were engaged to be marded. About this time the count told the plaintiff that his remittances were not forwarded with that punctual regularity as heretofore, in consequence of which he had been obliged to part with his watch and chain, and aslked the plaintiff to lend ibn 1001. to redeem it, and to put him in funds until his zereittances arrived. To this proposal the plaintiff good naturedly assented, and going to her bankers, Messrs Drummond, she obtained the money by drawing a check for the amount, and handed the proceeds over to the defendant A few days afterwards he gave to the plaintiff the following snomoranduim, written on a penny receipt stamp:- " I promise to pay the Elo. Mary Jones, the 4th of Nov o mber ist. the sum of £1IO in value reesived. " Oct. 25,1856. *- C. DE WASZlfOWBKrI. Four or five days afterwards the happy pair were to have been united, and the plaintiff Intimated her intention of going to her lawyer's to see sbout the settlement of her own property. To this proceeding the defendant strongly objected, and said that where honour and affection existed marriage settlements were not required. Finding that the plaintiff was frm in her intention of protecting herself, the defendant suggested that as his pecuniary difficulties rather pressed upon him a moiety of the property should be settled upon hinm. Now, the defendant had pleaded a plea of setoff, and the following were the particulars of it:"To amount paId to Meurr NScholl, tailors, by plaintiff's direction, for defendant's weddin. equipment .. .. £10 a 0 T to amount paid by defendant to Hess s. Davies and Ron for clothes supplied by direction and order of plaintiff for defendant ,.. .. 27 0 0 "To cash raid by defendant for a gutar at plaintiff', request. ..is s1 0 Money paid by defendant to Mlessrs. bf~rey -for goode sup- pled to plalntiff by her direction .. .. .. . . 7 9 3 "eut paid to landlady, 74, Ebury-etreet, at plaintiffr request.. . .. 10 0 0 "To amount paid to plrawbroher,by d4eaedast at r;eque;t of laintiff, °t rfedeem a wateh and csha, the Property of te defendat .. 21 0 'The like for a diamond ring X . .. 155 0 "Amount raid by defendant for a weddiog cake provi1ed at plaintiff' ordier and request .. .. 2 is 0 'YAmount paidI for a weddingc ring at plaintiWeIg rqueat .. 14 0 ' moey Paid for a photograph likeness of defendant, taken by direction of plaintiff .. .. . . .. . . . . o 5 o This (said Mr. James) Is the defendant's set-off; his set-off against the plaintiff's 11.-money lent. He was sure the j ury would not be surprised to hear that ditfferences arose between the parties; no remittances arrived from the princely father; ihe fair one became doubtful, hesitated, and finally refused to nnarry the defendant. A witness named David was then called and examined by Mr. BELL. He said.-I live in Sormerset-street, Portman-square. I was introduced to the defendant. He said he was Count Waszkowski, and the son of the Prince Wittgenstein. He came to my office several times, and he mentioned a loan he was about to negotiate. That failed. He told me that he was going to be married to the plaintiff and that she had a lrge income; thore had been some little misunderstanding, but all things had been settled. He said his father was immensely wealthy, and that he was his heir. He said his father's income was 40,0001. per annum. One night the defendant slept at my honse. He seemed uneasy and unsettled In his mind, and said that a loan of 1001. would make him a happy man. This was in July. Some time afterwards he saii that he was :ngaged to Ms Jopust ?wd had borrowed 100?, ot ber, and, as he intended breaking off he wauted to pay her back the money. I said, "Is sbe going to sue you?' and he said, " No, she can't sue me, for I took great care to ptLt the affair on the wrong stamp." I was greatly surprised at his deolaration, and declined lendiDg him any money. He came to me afterwards and offered to give me the name of a lady to a note. It was Miss Fourdrinier he proposed. I I saw a Captain Thompson, a friend of the plaintiff's, and when next I saw the defendant I told him that the captain had said that defendant's treatment of the plaintiff was very bad. I declined seeing the defendant afterwards. Cross-examined by Mr. Serjeant T5IOMAS.-Miss Jones is In Paris. She was not here on Friday or Saturday. I saw her a week ago to.day in Paris. Sbe did not introduce me to the defendant. She is not a friend of mine. I have ! known the attorney in this action since May or June. He Is my solicitor. I introduced him to Miss Jones. Ianm engaged in foreign inland bills of exchange. .Ke-examined.-Miss Jones is very ill in Paris. A clerk from Messrs. Drummond's was called to prove that the plaintiff drew a check for 1001., and that It was paid to her across the counter. This wvas the plaintiff's case Mr. Bserjeant THomAS complained of the extravagant and hlghly coloured manner in which the case had been opened, and complained of the abseace of the plaintiff, inasmuch as she knew of the nature of the defence, of the advance of the money, and that his client's case must snffer as he was precluded from any benefit which might arise out of her cross-examination. He advised the jury to view with a reasonable amount of suspicion the evidence given by the witness David; guiteguncorroborated, and unlikely from motives of prejudice to be correct. He should show that the plaintiff had boasted of her liberality to the defendant, and had, in a oonversation with some persons, admitted that the 1001. in question was a gift, and not a loan; and that the set-off realUy and sabstantially was correct. The defendant was then put into the box and examined by the learned SERJEANT, and said,-I am a Pole by birth. InOctober,ll856,Ilived in the samehouee inwhichtheplain. tiffhad apartments. I became acquainted with heriimmediately. She sought an introduction to me through the landlady's daughter. I never waylaid her with a bouquet. I made proposals to her, and she accepted me. We settled the wedding.day; It was to take place on the day the note is dated. I have never lived under the name of "Count." Before she adyanced me the 1001. she asked me about the state of my affairs. I said I was an exile and lived by giving lessons in languages, and that I hadn't money topy for our nuptials. She begged I wouid accept the 1001. She went into the bank and brought the money out to me. She did not like the "cut" or "colour" of my clothes, and sent me to Davies and lon. I went there aud ordered the things. I bought all the things mentioned in the particulars at her request. She knew I had no means. I 'was with Davld; he said, "You are under pecuniary obligations to a, lady." The traitor professed g-eat frieno . ship. I then told him the whole truth. I never said that I had cheated her by giving a wrong stamp. I would rather pay 1,000 than do it, and can do it. The plaintiff made me write on the stamp; it was done in joke. I did not know that the receipt re9nired a shilling instead of a penny stamp. I was frliendly witn the plaintiff for months afterwards. I received many letters from her. Her attorney had the management of the settlement. I introduced Miss Fourd. rinfer. I had known her in Russia I am 28, and the plaintiff is 42 years of age. I never told David that I had horrowed 1001., and that I could get off it for 601. Cross-examined by Mr. EDWIN JAmES.-I am a professor of science and languages. I know that Miss Fourdrinier is in court. I have never written begging letters with her. I have written to Lord Dudley Stuart. I do not know that Miss Fourdrinter had written to Lord Ellesmere. She wrote for me to Lord Harrowby. I knew she wrote to him. I shall not say what she wrote about; it has nothing to do 'with the case. I went to Staffordshire. I knew Mrs. Swnfyn, I got 3001. from her. She 'was the plaintiff In Swnfyn v. ;swnfyn." I wes engaged to her. I saw her thrce years ago. The 'witness here became very excited, and refused to answer the questions put to him, and appealed to the Chiel His LORDS}1IP said that the witness was obliged to answer any question that Mr. James might think proper to put to him; that the questions were put with a view of testing his credit; it was to ascertain whether he was a worthy or an unworthy witness. The questions were fair and legitimate. Examination continned.-I got the 3001. fro_ the family. They objected to my belng married to her. Thev said. "Give back the letters and go." I got 300. when I gave the letters back. I paid Davies and Son 201. on account. I owe them 421. or 451. now. I pawned my watch and ring with Mr. Chapman. Everybody has got hls pawnbroker, and I have mine. The landlady has got the receipt for the rent. I did away with the guitar. I refuse to say what I have done with it, and I don't mean to tell. I bought itin ClerkenwelL The wedding-cake is still in existence. By the JvDCB.-The lady broke off the match. Examination continued.-The match was broken off because I would not settle all the money upon her. If I married her I wanted her and her money. I only asked for half of the monoy. I never said that I was the eon of Princo Wittgenatein. 1 have received money from many people. Ihave had money from a great many ladies. I know a Madame Du Barry. I have not got money from her. She took me to the Surrey Gardens. She treated me. I know a Miss Chadwick. She has got money from me I tried to borrow 601. from her about a year ago. She wasengaged to me about fouryearsago. Her father broke that off. He did rnot say that he had made inquries at the Mendicity Society. I once produced an almanac to Madame Da Barry, hut I never pointed out my father's seat. She wantedtomarryme. WhenIhavedone 'with one lady I tt^e on 'with another. he CImIF BAROIX.-Mr. James, there are a great many ladies in England, pray spare us. lie.examined.-None of tie ladies brought actions. Miss Fourdrinler was called, but her evidence was not at all material. She admitted having written letters to various noblemen, but denied ever having writtenv6 begging letter. Miss Romsey.-I know that some rent was paid by the defendant for the plaintiff, but I don't know how much, Cross-examined.-The defendant has paid his addresses to me. It was soon after he came. He proposed to marry me, but I refused to have him. I told Miss Fourdrinier that he had proposed both to me and my sister. A servant giri named Payne was called, and said that plaintiff said to her it was silly of her mamma to bother her so about lending the money. Mr. Serjeant 'somIAs summed up his evidence. Mr. EDWIn JAmES replied upon the whole case, speaking In very strong terms of the conduct of the defendant. The Csiris' B,kmoN very briefly left the whole question before the jury, and they almost immediately found a verdict for the plalntiff for the amount claimed.
ADMIRALTY COURT. Dxa. 21L TliE; QUEEN OF TTTF. ROfTT.W-fnT.T.TQTrn (Bef ore Dr. LUSHINGTON.) This was an action brought to recover damages for a total loss by the owners of the brig Atalanta, 196 tons, against the European and American Steam Shipping Company, the owners of the steamer Queen of the South, 1,634 tons, The collision occurred about half-past 11 p.m. on the 21st of June last between Dover and Folkestone, about four mUes from the land. The brig was on her way in ballast from Southampton to Sunderland, and the steamer was carrying 171 passengers and a general cargo from Bremen to Southampton and New York. The brig alleged that she was burning a bright light at her bow, and that when she saw the two lights of the steamer she ported her helm, but that the steamer kept on her course, with her helm starboarded, without slackening her speed. The result of the collision was that the brig was aimost cut in two and went to the bottom, but all the crew were saved by getting on board the steamer, except one of the apprentices. The cause of the accident was, as the brig contended, the starboarding of the helm of the steamer. The case of the steamer was, that seeing two vessels ahead, one on each bow, she was trimmed a little on the starboard side, In order to pass between them, which she would have done if the brig had kept on her course; that the brig when about a cable's length off suddenly rounded to her port helm ; that her engines were immediately reversed, and her helm ported, but the collion occurred before these measures could take effect. She denied that the brig carried a light, she asserted that she was justified in starboarding, and she attributed the collision to the brig having either not ported in time, or having ported when she must have known that the steamer had starboarded. Dr. Waddilove and Dr. Twiss were counsel for the brig; the Queen's Advocate and Dr. Spinks for the steamer. The TRINITY MASTERS were of opinion that the steamer alone was to blame. THE ROBINSON-COLLISION. This was a suit promoted by the owners of the cargo of the schooner Petrel, 61 tons, against the brlg Robinson, 256 tons. The Petrel was carrying a cargo of wheat and meal from Drogbeda to Preston, when between 11 and 12 o'clock on the night of the 10th of November, 1855, she camae into collision with the Robinson, -which was proceeding from Liverpool to Constantinople with a general cargo. The schooner capsized, but the crew were rescued by the Robinson. It was alleged on behalf of the schooner that the brig was to blame for having starboarded instead of having ported her helm. The case of the brig was that the schooner would have passed to leeward if she had continued her course instead of porting, but when the schooner ported the brig starboarded in order to case the blow, as there was tben no chance of avoiding a collqion. It was therefore alleged that the schooner was to blame for porting instead of keeping her course. The accident occurred off Point Lynas, and the schooner was afterwards towed or drifted to Douglas, In the Isle of Man. Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss appeared for the promoters of the suit; Dr. Deane and Dr. Spinks for the Robinson. The TII-NvTY MASTERS were of opinion that the schooner ought to have kept her course, as if she had done so no collision would have occurred, and that the Robinson was justified, under the circumstances, in keeping her way. The COURT therefore pronounced against the claim.
[Advertisement.]-A Plan of Manchester will be issed, atis, with the ' DLipath " on Sunday, December 27* and a truly beautiful coloured double Map of AsIa will alen be presented, gratis, withtho "DlDsatchonJanuary3. Odrderreceived by allneweagent, (who awo responsible for the delivery of the ourrent Map with each copy of the paper, none being iEsued without it). and at the office, 139, Fleet-streek London. The priceof the " Dispatch" Is-unstamped, ad. stamped (to go free by poat), 6d. lAdvertisementlK-Standard Gift Book.-"The Huraan blind; Its AcquiremBte and History." By S. W. Fallom, sutbor of "The Marvel of Sclence :" 2 ols.; one Os. In the brief space occupied by this work the author ba incuded the whole histry of humanity. aow he has dealt with this vast subject is a question that wil adnmt of no Eecond oDinion, for a book more brilliant or more complete has not, in fact, been often given to the publUo. It would be absurd to attempt an analysis of such a work, inasmuoh as every page Is inlselwf a summary of an entire history; bht it munt be statei, to the author's praise, that his vlews of Uterature and moral and Eocial PyOreta sare as sound as his views of relglon are orthodox. The ' Human Mind' is one of thoee booka which will hold a perenniial place in human) memory. and as ouch it ean be most cordialy recommended to general perusal"-Observer. Cbatles J Skeet. [Advertiserent.-"A. Woman'sThouglrts sboutWomen," r,y theauthor Of 1Jobn Halifax, Gentleman," In one vol., crown Syo prioe 10s. 6d, bound, Is juzt publshed, and may be had of all booksellem. Also now ready, a new and oteav edition of" John Halifax, Gentleman," omplete in 1 vol. 10s. 6d, bound. "Jobn Halifax" is a very rood ana avery intereeing no;eL. It ais designed to tra^e the osreerfrzom boybood to age of a perfect mao-a Christian genileman; and It abounds in incident both wrell and highly wrought. Throughout It la conceired In a high s Iint, and witten with great ability, better than any former 70rk, we think, of Its deservedly sueefulsauthhor."lkzomi)5gf Huvrst and Bhokvt; ppb)ishers, 13, (lreat
OOURT OF BANJKRUPTCY, Baangh4U-rec, Dc. 21. IN RE COLONEL BUXROWES WILCOX ARTHUR SLRM (4 (Before Mr. Commi.A.q , 1flT.1flTW I The bankrupt was a newspaper proprietor, of 253, Strand. lis accounts extend from Maroh, 1855, to November, 1857, and contain the following items ;-Deficlency In March, 1855, 5231.; present creditors, 4,6291.; assets (doubtful), 501,; housekeeping expenses, 2,5691. ; losses, 2,3641., in eluding by horse, brougham, and harnes, 1 llt; sale of Briihil Army Dispatch, 9001.; Greenwloh election, 8731.; Midhurat election, 201.; Boston election, 1001.; old debt to Mr. A. Bothe renewed, 288h This was an examination meeting. Mr. Yonge appeared for the assignees, and Mr. Norton for the bankrupt. The bankrupt, examined, saidthat his accounts commenoed with a deficiency of 5231., but the amount was owing to his friends-not a shilling was owing to the public. He declined to state what his occupation had been since 1850. The COmSSSIoEu,-That won't do. Youa must answer the question. The Bankrupt.-I will be guided by your Honour. Examination continued.-Itwould really be difficult to say what he bad been doing since 1850. He believed his occapation was going abroad. In 1851 he went to the United States. He travelled there as a gentleman. l3cidedly.he went to other places,- to the British provinces, to Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward's Iland. At the latter place he was colonel in the militia and a justice of the peace. He purchased a property there. The property was an estate of about 120,000 acres. Something per annum was to be paid for it. The purehase money was about 20,000. It was a speculative purchase. lae paid a fi3 instalment of 5001. on the purchase to the lawyers. He had been unfortunate with lawyers. In consequence of purchasing this pro rty he was appointed a justice of the I eace, also a colonel of the militia, having been a retired dfficer in Her Majesty's service There was a lawsuit about the property. The estate had been vested in trustees, and there was a difficulty in obtaining a recognition of the title. There was a bit ot litigation about the matter, and Captain Gray, of the Dragoon Guards, proposed to take the property off hishands,andhere-assigned the property to Captain Gray. He had received a release from the purchaser of the land-oh dear, yes. Re had aub lished a book-unfortunately two or three booka. Had no recollection of reviewing those books himself in the Briish Army DiTatch. He did not review his own books. He couldnotrecollect everything thathadappeared Inthatpaper. He had run a steamer of 900 tons from New York to Quebec, and which carried the mails. The steamer did not pay, and he incurred considerable liabilities on that a&cunt, hut which had since been paid. He had had a release in full on that steamer. Oh! yes-oh ! deAr yes. He, like many other military gentlemen, entered into speculations. Before leaving America every farthing had been paid. Mr. YONGg-We must now make a little jump in chro. nology-in your history. Be-examined. - He petitioned this Court for prl vate arrangement in July, 1856. and obtained protection for a limited period. He did not recollect stating, with a view to prolong the period of protection, that he bad Itabilities to a large amount in the United States, This statement having been read from the files of the Court, The bankrupt said he now recollected it. At the time of making it he was not aware that the debts of the ship had been cleared off. He had since made inquiry and had found that everything was cleared off. Dld not think that protection was extended in consequence of the statement referred to. He could produce the receipte from Americaunequivocally so. Mr. Lee (the official asstgnee) should have them to-morrow; oh dear, Yes. He received in February, 1854, a sum of 9001. from Major N7alker for the purchase of the British Asmy Dispatch From the period of parting with the Dispatch to starting the Daily Td2e graph he was travelling about with his famity in the United Eingdom. He was not earning a farthing during that time. The 9001. received from tho Dispatcls did not enable bhim to start the Teegraph, He had iived upon it-every farthing was gone. Hebad 1,5001. advanced to him to start the Dafty Telegraph, He had three partners In starting it. The three partners advanced the capital, and, if he might adopt the courteous termof Mr. Yonge,headvancedtheintelligence. Aftersometim e his part. ners, who appeared to have a keenerperceptionofthopoation of the cheap press than himself, wished to withdraw. Ho wished to go on, but they were in a great funk, and said " Pray take our shares. Give us 4501. and we will retire." He said, " Done," and the 450?. was divided among them. The property thus became his own. In August or Sep. tember,1856, he parted with one half share of the Dai4 Telegraph. He unfortunately got Into the hands of the Israelites, and Mr. Joseph Moses Levi got the half share. Mr. YosSGaL-How was that ? The Bankrupt.-I owed him 2,4001. for machinery, pa r, and law costs. The other share was disposed of to VIr. v some time in February-I think between the 17th and 21st. You ought to know the date, as you received 1201. out of it. The nominal purhs oe a 2, 000?., and it was to he paid. I did not receive it, though. Examination continued.Between tho time of starting the Daily Telgraph ho was possessed of a property jualifi. cation to Sit in Harliament. He saw the drift of Mr Yonge's question, and would with great pleasuretell hin what this qualification was. Itwasarent-chargo granted to him on oertain estates in England, of the amount of 3001. a-year. He had not the deeds now giving him this right. Mr. YONGE.-What were the particular estates? The bankrupt appealed to the Court, and was informed that he was bound to answer all questions in respect to pro. perty that had been or was still in his possession. Mr. NoRToN.-It is not desirable that the names of the ovners of the estates should go forth to the public. The names will be given to Mr. Yonge. Re-examined.-The qualification was a rent-charge for life upon property in Shropshire and Kent, as granted by parties whose names he would give privately, if desired. Mr. YoNGE.-You need not give the names. I know something about the matter. Examination continued.-In 1856 he had something to do upon two occasions as a candidate for a seat in Parliamentat Boston and Midhurst. Mr. YONGE.-YOU had this qualification upon each of these occasions ? The Bankrupt.-Yes; I think so, to the best of my belief, but I cannot state positively, as it did not in either case go to a contest, and the qualification was not called for. Examination continued.-In January and February of the present year he was a candidate for Greenwich. At that time he had no property, but his interest in the Daily Telegraph and his property qualification, and some personal property, such as his horses. He recollected making at the election for Greenwich a declaration to the best of his knowledge and belief that he had the proper qualification in the form of a rent-charge upon certaia property. Mr. YONGE.-I have not asked the name of the owner, but I must ask you the place at which the property was situated. The Bankrupt.-It was a rent-charge on property in Shropshire. 'Tho rent was 1,2001. a-year, and It was clear to the extent of 3001. odd a-year. It was a life charge. The CoMuMIoSSION (to Mr. Yonge.)-You have the document. There is no occasion to ask the bankrupt what -yon know. Examination continued.-He knew Eliza Spillen. That lady was still living. Also knew Ann Jenkins, of Conduit Vale, Blackheath, the persons upon whoso lives theorent charge was granted. They are both alive, At the time of the election the deeds were ini the hands of the solicitor of thhe gentleman granting the life interest, as was usual in Mr. YONGE.-The property was yours ? Tho Bankrupt.-Yes; but it was in the hands of the solicitor acting for the owner. Examination continued.-He re-assigned the property almost immediately after the election-about a fortnight after. He thought it was in the year 1856 that the Shrop. shire property was conveyed to him, ard in 1857 that the Rent property was similarly traugferred. It was transferred before the election. Re had not the slightest memorandum on the subject. Mr. YONGE.-DO you recollect what representations you made at the Greenwich election as to the amount of your T Bankrupt.-I munst have an extraordinary memor to recolect all that I said at an election. I addressed no less than 50 meetings. The COMMISSIONER.-I think this may be dispensed with. Examination continued.-He recollected making an application to this Court in February last, when Mr. Yonge's clerk tried to arrest him at Greenwich, but dld not succeed. At the Greenwich election he stated that his personal goods and chattels were worth 2001., the amount required by statute. The said property included a brougham by Nurse and gold military appointments. The brougham (which he bought new in 1856) had since been sold, as also the horses and harness and everything of the kind. The cost of the brougham was 1501., and he had paid 100?. on account and given a bill for the remainder. His gold military appoint. ments cost him 1501. They were out of date, and ae had since sold them for 71. or St. Mr. YONGE. What was your object In renewing the debt of Mir. Bohte, the tailor? The Bankrupt.-I do not know that I am obliged to state my object. I decline to answer what my object was. Mr. YNoGsB.-Mr. Bohte was your consenting creditor on the occasion of your affairis being brought before the Scotch Sequestration Court in August last ? The bankrupt explained that there were six other consenting creditors. He did not succeed in the Sequestration Court. His only supporting creditor on that occasion was Nir. Bohte. Between February and August he was traellngabot,andwhn i Sotlndhe was engaged in endeavourgtosell some land inSouthAmerica. This was th ground for his being described as a merchant in the Scoth Sequestration Court. His solicitor told him this was the proper term for the court. Had Mr. Yonge now done wihhim?. Mr. NORTON.-Yes. You will now please to answer a few questions which I shall puft to you. Re-examined.-Could not have obtained his appointment In the mihtia if he had not previously been several years in Her Majesty's service. During the time of the Greenwioh election Major Walker tried to arrest him. Ie believed Major Walker acted as a tool to the Government, to whom he (Colonel Sleigh) was opposed. Major Walker held an appointment under Governmnent, and he (bankrupt) was against Government, Greenwich was rather a Government orough, but it was Woolwich that beat him. Greenwich and Deptford were on his side, and but for Woolwich he would have been the M.P. for the borougbh Mdr. YoNGEo thought thtey should have further informs. tion. Here was a gentleman whose balance-sheet showed that he hd been lvlng at the rate of 1,000?. a year, and who only produced assets of 50?. Thre Co=3siowega thouaght that no benefit aotad arue from an adjournment. The bankrupt had furnished all tho informlation required. The bankrupt paed accordingly. (Before Mfr. Commigsioner GouUuN.) IN REI NAT}AN ERY3NN. 5[he bankrpt, an Austrian, Is described as a mner. chant, &c., of Great St. Helen's. This was the examination MrJ[. t AnnABsea examized the bankmrut. It appeared thathe hcad occasionaly sold goods at a loss In order to meet Mr. IL.wNxrc1R, for the bankrupt, suggested that his thould funish a goods account with all necessary Mr. Aa5sRA1s concurred, and Thpoe, Coxn ;ioyg orde-red an adjourment for the
MIDDLESEX SESSION%, D. 21. The dttlngs of the Court for the December general sessions were resumed this morning at the GnUdhall, Westminster, before Mr. PASHLaY, Q.C., assstant judge, and a bench of magistrates, by adjournment from Clerkenwell. There were 48 cas for trial-41 of felony and 7 of misdemeanor. Gearge Nathaniel Hoskings, 35, surgeon, was indicted for having embezzled the sums of 41. 3s. and 51., received by him on awcount of William Henry Gardner, his master. He leaded "1Guilty." cIr. Sleigh and Mr. F. H. Lewis were for the prosecution; Mr Met e was Instructed on behalf of the prisoner. It was stated to the Court by Mr. LwIIs (in the absence of Mr. Sleigh), that the prisoner had been In the service of the prosecutor, a surgeon of extensive practice, abont two years and a1hag and he had embezzled money amounting altogether-o neat upon 3001., the frauds extending over a peric(of two years. He had been in the habit of sending letters requesting payments and intercepting the answers returned y the patients. A betting-book was found upon him when he was given into custody. Mr. MxrcAxr challenged the production of any such book, and said all the sums the prisoner was charged with having embezzled were 41. 3s. and 51., and the whole amount that could have been placed in the Indictment was much less than had been stated. The prisoner was a highlyrespectable man, a Heentiate of the Apothecaries' Company, and had been medical officer to the Bath Hospital. He had been in practie at Bath, but he gave it up and entered upon a brewery speculation, which proved unfortanate. He came to London and took the situation of assistant to the proaecutor, at the salary of 801. per year at first, but latterly the pay had been increased to 1001. a-year. The prosecutor had two practices; one of which, at Bayswater, was entirely under the prisoner's control, and he had to attend upon first-cas patients-to keep up the position of a gentleman, find lodgings, and support his family upon so sumall au income. He complained that the prosecutor had been harsh to the prisoner, who had been a good servant to him, as was evidenced by the fact that he sat up with one patien', an admiral, 20 nights, for which the prosecutor charged Xt the rate of two gunmeas per night, while he gave the prisoner not a pemny for this extra service. The prisoner was rather closely pashed by creditors, and certainly did ma' e use of the prosecutor's maoney, but he did so, under the expectation of receiving a sum of fiOl, in which he was unfortunately disappoited. In a legal view the prisoner had been guilty of the offence of embezzlement, hut he (dIfr. Metcalf e) thought he had not been dealt with by the pro. secutor In that lfiberal spirit his position wvould have JUS~- The prosecutor was put into the witness-box to answer several questions put by the Court, as to the amounts, and he wished to contradict some parts of what the prisoner's counsel had stated. He did give the prisoner something for his extra servlces, and the greater parts of the night he sAt up he was at a billiard table. The ASSISTA"T-JUDGE thought that had no direct bearing on the case. He would consider what sentence toWiliam HIlton, 65, pleaded "Guilty" of having attempted to defraud the Right Hon. Lord Panmure of Ss. 6d. The prisoner went to his Lordship's residence in Chesham-place, with a parcel, which he said had just arrived by raiway, and demanded 3s. 6d. for the carriage, The valet took the parcel to his Lordship, who opened t, and found It contained but an old hat. The prisoner ran away on seeing the valet return. He threw another old hat down the area of an adjoining house. TheCoUsT sentenced him to three months' hard labour, John Farley, journeyman butcher, was convicted of embezzling money received hy him on account of Thomas Philp, his master.-Sentenced to six nonths' hard labour. Peter Stack, 32, pleaded " Guilty" of an assault upon William Soar, a police-constable, in the execution of his duty. The ASXSTANvTJUDGi3 sentenced him to nine monthe' imprisonment. John Ross, 45, was found GPilty, after previous convictions, of stealing 45 pounds of lead, the property of the Earl of Normarton, the same being fixed to a dwelling. house, and was sentencedto three years' penal servitude. (Before Mr. CREAsY.) William Price, a respectable-looking young man, was inindicted for embezzlement. Mr. Salter was for the proseoution ; Mr. Ribton for the prisonrer. The prosecutor was a cheesemonger, &c., at Hammersmith, and the prisoner entered his service eight months ago. It was his duty to deliver goods and receive monev, and it appeared he had received sums which he had not accounted for. When he took the situation he was almost destitute, but when his box was examined, after this charge was made, a sum of money far exceeding the amount of wages he bad received was found, besdes a quantity of new Clothes, jewelry, &c. The prisoner's friends resided at The jury found himn CSuil. Sentence-Three months' hard lab>our. William Woodhoume Leytham, a private in the 1st battalion of Coldstream Guards, vwas convicted of stealing a bandkerchief, value 4d., from the person of Peter Gregory, who was tipsy at the time. The prisoner had borne a good character In the service.-Sentenced to three months' hard labour.
PoLIcE. MA! sroN-Iro- -The LORD MAYOR, upon leaving the bench on Saturday, said,-I feel that I may state in thls room that I have received several communications upon the subject of the approaching holydays in consequence of the fact that this year Christmas-day will fall upon a Friday, and suggesting that the Saturday also should be kept as a publie holyday. This wotuld give Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and it would, I am convinced, be a boon and a blessidg to thousands in this great city, who under ordinary circumstances have few opportunities of getting such holydays, or in fact any holyday at al. I understand that several most extensive houses in the city have decided upon closing their warehouses upon the Saturday; and if any arrangement can be made by which the plan can be carried out generally-that is, wherever the successive days can be allowed without great inconvenience to the principals, it will, as I said before, be of essential service to thousands. If this can be accomplished, I would also further suggest that employers, in giving this holyday to their men, should not stop thelr pay for the Saturday. Of course, there may be some who wil not have it in their power to adopt this suggestion, but it is an occasion which occurs only once in seven years; and I am sure that if persons who can do so without injury or inconvenience wll take the hint their men will requite them well by increased diligence in pursuing their labours on their return in the following week. I do not at aU wish to be supposed as dictating from this chair to the public upon the subject, but I feel myself quite justified in offering these suggestions, and I hope they will ro& -c entirely without effect. Applause, whioh was with difficulty checked by the officers of the court, followed the observations made by his Lordship. Henry Flint WJS yesterday brOUght UP in the custody of George Webb, the detective officer, upon a3 warrant charg. iug him with having embezzled money belonging to his em. ployers, MSessrs. Grindlay, the proprietors of the House H{ews. The prisoner was committed for trisl at the Central Criminal Court. Mr. Kllby, the brother of Mr. F. Riby, who was on the 17th inst. charged by Mr. Francis Worrell Stevens, stockbroker, of 3, Royal Exchange, with having attempted to rob him of several hundreds of pounds, appeared before the Lord Mayor in very deep affliction. It will be recollected that the Lord Mayor, after having uestioned the accuser very closely on the day of examina. th.on, dismissed the case, assuring Mr. Kilby that he would leave the court without the slightest taint upon his character. The applicant of yesterday said that his unhappy brother became readfully prostrated on returning home at the Idea of having been locked up in a station upon such a charge, and nothwithstanding every effort to cheer him, grew worse and worse, and on Sunday mornin,g put an end to his extstence by cutting his throat. The LORnD MA.YO said he greatly regretted so deplorable an event. He had supposed that the result of the examination as published in the newspapers would have had the effect of at least alleviating the pain of having been charged with the offence. Mr. Eilby intimated that he would In all probability petition the Court of Aldermen on the subject, and left the juStiCe-roomingreat agitation, and mush compassionated by all who were present. The LORD MA,Von requested that the press would acknowledge the receipt of 201. frem the Goldsmiths' Company, and 201. from the Mierchant Taylors' Company, for the poor. BOw-ST=mET.-Mr. William Pitt Bowler, formerly adjutant and paymaster of the Donegal Artillery Militia, was brought before Mr. JARD Mg, in custody of Inspector Whicher, of the detective force, on a warrant charging him with having embezzled 1,2331. of the public money. The defendant was remanded for further investigation. The following sums have been received for the poor-box: -by Mr. Henry 201., from the Merchant Taylora' Company; by Mr. Jardine 51., from L ord C. ," 51. from EB. C.;,, and 21 from "J. H. H.," through Messrs. Gosling and Sharpe. MAnLsOROuGR.-STRERT.-Wi11lam Smith, James Osborne, and Edward Brown, persons of respectable appearance, were charged before Mr. BEA.DON with assaulting rolice-constable Bott, 30 C. Mr. BEADON said he should fine Osborne 40s. or one month, Brown 20s, or 14 days, and discharge Smith. lMXRYLEBoNE.-Our reporter was requested to acknowledge the receipt of 51. from "A. B.," for the Poor-box of the court. It may here be mentioned that the funds at the disposal of the magistrates are as yet quite inadequate to satisfy the claims daily and almost hourly made by distressed and deserving persons. WoRsuiP-sTREET.-The maVrates have received for I the poor-box 201. from the Merchant Taylors' Company, and a 51.-note (No. 94,592) from ENi. C." CLRKuwsx LL'-WiluIam Jennings, a young fellow deIml)n giag the police sheet as a lTbourer. rasiding at 54, Red LIon-street, St. Pancras, was oharged with barglariously breaking and enterling the dwelling-house No. 54, Pad Lion-street, and atealing therefrom ore gold watch, eight women's dresses, 7T. 16g. I I,d one silver snuffbox, and a quantity of other apparel, the property of Agnee BAker and Georgina Baker, waitneesee. It appeared that that morning, Pollceaergeant Brorwn 10 1, was passing near the proseoutrix's resdence, when he sacetsined that an entry had been made iato the house. The robbery of the above article. was then found out, and fromn the active Inquiries that had been made by the polioesergeant he entertained a suspicion that the prisoner waa the man, and upon his prcoeedng to 21, Albert-mews H[oiton, he diacovered the prl6oner irx a hayloft thero. When Sergeant Brown inquired of the prisoner about the mater e dnie al kowldgeof hetransation, but afterwards admitted that ho was the man, and the trunk was found in a corner. Upon exa?niinlg the pLaoe the sergeant found the azold wtch ann atlir1n-hf ..M,1A In the roof. The prisoner, who did not deny it, said he thould reserve his defence. Mr. Con=UZ committed the prlsoner for trial. THArS.-Captain Robert M'Eachern, the ovwner and master of the brig Heather Bell, now on her voyage to Bar badoes, and who left the vessel In the Downs for the p'nrpose of meeting the charge against him, appeared for the second time before Mr. SxI;r to answer a charge of comtnnitting a series of assaults on John William Norrls, a boy who was apprenticed to him by the Barine Sooiety previous to sailing on a voyage to the West Indies. After hearing the evidence, Mr. SELFm said,-I think it is a matter for the consideration of a jury. Three witnesses have sworn most distinctly to many alts. In the rmain facts they all agree, but there are some little discrepancies. The captain bas certainly met the serious charge against him most manfully, and nothing can be better thaa his conduct in coming here and giving up the voyage, but, whatever inconvenience It may inflict upon individuals, a jury under the direction of a learned judge must say whether the defendant is gullty or not guilty of the serious assaults charged against hin. Mr. Pelham.-If that is your determinationI wiUl reserve the defence and not call any witnesses now. Mr. SzLF}u.-I ought to say this, that the father of the deceased may make his mind perfectly clear that his boy did not commit suiclde. There is no pretence for saying so. The boy was aloft on a stormy night, anxd, not beinag a very expert sailor, fell overboard. gly voluming were Th depositione, wfhich were exceedingly voluminous,were then formly taken by Mr. Bovtdler,the junor clerk, and over, n and twon surahetievFas lled upon to find oul-unslf i z01, nd tro ureinsi 1001. each to appear and take his trial at the next Old Bailey Sessions. Bail was immedfately tendered and accepted. ahe magistrate requestd an acknowledgment in The Times of 2ul. received from the Merchant Taylors' Company, and 5o. from "E. C.," for the poor-box. fouT "Lord -Mr. BuRcHAw yesterday received 5?. from " Lord C.," 51. from "E. C.," 21. from "J. H. EL," and 1I. from " C. W. C." for the poor-box of the court - also the first half of a 5L note, No. 39.692, from "B. T.,' the other half will be sent on this being acknowledged In The Times. LAmB=m-A powerful and rufflanly-looktng fellow, who gave the name of George Jones, was placed at the b;r before lMr. ELIOrT on the folowing charge :- Police-constable Charles Revele, 175 L, deposed that on Sunday morning at 7 o'clock he was in company with Sergeant Broad in Carlisle-street, Lambeth, and s:kw the prisoner and another man going on towards Royal-street, and from their appearanoe and manner they were induced to foliow and watch them. In a short time they observed the prisoner's companion go up to the door of 45, Royalstreet, put a key into the latch, and endeavour to open it, but he did not succeed, and rejoined the pisoner. At this time they must have observed Broad and himself watching them, for they hurried off in different directions. The witness turned up another street, and, having met the prisoner, he asked him what It was he was loiterng about the streets at that hour of the morning for, and he denied that he was loitering at all, but was golug to his house in Princess-street, near the Elephant andUCastle. Observing something balky under his coat, he asked the prisoner what it was, upon vhich he replied, "I'll show you," and drawing a e- preserver from under his coat aimed a desperate blow at his head with that weapon. It fortmnately missed his head and struck him on the side of the neck, which stunned him for a few moments, aud the prisoner started off. He called out " Stop thief" as loud as he could, and the prisoner was stopped and secured. Sergeant Broad corroborated the testimony of the last witness, and added that on hearing ReveUe call out he ran to his assistanoe, and just came up as a civilian was in the act of stopping the prlsoner, and saw the latter strike the former with the life-preserver on his forehead. He (Broad) at once closedwith the prisoner and they went down together, and while on the ground he disarmed him of thelifepreserver. The prisoner was then removed to the stationhouse aud immediately after he (Broad) received from a woman the bunch of skeleton keys he then produced, and which she said she picked up close to the place where the prisoner was apprehended. Witness subsequently tried the keys with the latch of the door the brisoner's companion h attempted to open, and found thbA two of them would raise the latch, and of course open the door,if there had been no additional fastenings to it. The witness here handed the life preserver to the magistrate for his inspection, and a most formidable instrument it appeared to be. Mr.William Robinson said, that hearing the cry of " Stop thief" on themorning before, and wseing the prisoner runing, he stopped him, and he instantly stiuck at him with the life preserver produoed; fortunately his head was so close to him at the time that the prisoner's fist struck his forehead as well as the instrument it held, and therefore the blow from the preserver was not so severe as it otherwise might have been. Mrs. Thornbur, the ladyresiding iu the house 45, Royalstet, said that aut7 'cLock on the morning before she heard some person move a key in the front door lock as if endeavouring to open It, but did not succeed, and Mrs. Louisa Smita deposed that on the morning of that day month her house, 23, Allen-street, in the same neighbourhood, was entered by thieves by means of skeletoa keys, and plundered of a good deal of property. She saw the thieves leave the premises, and the prisoner so strongly resembled one of them that she belleved him to be the same. The prisoner, who said he was a blacksmith, and only six weeks from Birmingham, was remanded for a vreek. Dr. Iff, one of the churchwardens of the parish of St. Mary, Newlngton, waited on Mr. Elliott, and informed him that on that morning the body of Frances Paisley or Parley, about the burial of which complaints had been made at this court had been exhumed at the Victoria-park Cemeterv, and identified by her friends, who expressed themselves perfectly satisfied. Thus the matter of mistake was set perfectly at rest, and the parish authorities were anxious that the fact should be mad4e public as soon as possible. With respect to the extraordinary circumstance of issuing two certificates for the burial of the same body from the workhouse, that matter was stiU under strict investigation. GREK:[CH iAD WooLwicif.-Mr. TRAILL announced the receipt of a check for 201. from the Merchant Taylors' Company for the poor-boxes of these courts.
IAdvertisement.1-Pabllshed this day. price 2s. 6d,, 0Prt0fKurra%ch0GVoDpth of Water, andColmalraces for theofficial Year 1856-57 -"with map of comparative distanse. By W. p. Andrew chairman ol the Scinde and Punjaub Eailway, &o.-W. EL Allen anA Co.. Leadenhau-street. Advertisement,}-Pnblished this day, price 2S. 6d., the un*aub Raiway,I a selectiOn trom official correspondence reares-r Ing Sthe lotroduitlon of railways Int the PLinlaub; witoa map of Belnde and the Pusljaub. BY W. P. Andrew, Chairman of tse Scnde and Ponjaub Railwas's,-W. H. Alletn and COD.. Laadenhail.sateet. Advertisement-`" A Voice from the Vintage," by Mrs. Ei.eTidedtion. price Is. Mray be had through all booksellere, and ptireeromWilliamTweele 337,trand,London. Thisvaluable work, 1wtie Popular authoress of the " Women ot England," deserves a p In every family; every wine drinker should read it. (Advertiserment.]-Every lneh a Woman.-The reat c1haracter ofJoslephine, in Mr. Charles Reads's UUnewTove, "chite Lies," is not in individual, it is a ih~ole sex, painted by a mactar hand. " White Lies' te a stoc with a noble moral, none the leeso likely to do good that It lies In the heart of the story, and to not tediouely paraed. Published by Trilbner and Co., Paternoster-row, in the permanent form and p rlce 013 vols. 1 gainea. [Advertisement,]-" The Loves of the Poets," a beautiful gift-book for the season, 10 Dubllced this year instead of the " Keep. sake" and " Court Album," whih wUill not be Isued. It contan 12 exosite steel engravings from drawinsp by the best artiste, with text by Tennynon Browning, sud others. Prioe 21s plain and 42S. ooloured. Lrovadon.rW.ent and . p(late Bogne). Fleet-street and Paternosterrow, and eroci bookseller in the United King4oul. rAdvertisement.]-Tennyson's " iller's Daughter."This delightful poem, illustrated, byperisslon of the author, with 19 beautiful stel engravings Is now ready In small 4to, prloe lWs. cloth and 2SB. morocco aud Is a charming present for Christmas or the new year. London W 'Rent and Co. lat Bogus), Fleheet-te and Pater. nostesr ow, ana every bookeeller in the nte kindom. [Advertisement.1 -A Presentvwhich vill at once amnse sue Instruct 0 the Dobye.t of unLversal iaquiry at CJhalotmas time. te ables of folop, treslated ioto h ouman nature by C. Er Benndet. aunor of "Srhadows" adm irably tsup ies this want. It contains 25 belpaurtifl terecuadr llutratIosot lan10deaublIshed Ln 4towhich cano 1lain,ande les. S.tclOred.ve thondaonoW.kenthakndC. (LaeiondoeW. et-sireut and Patersostur.row, and every bookseler in the united (Advertisement.]-Merry PictuIres by the Comf Hands, reay in oblnfolwfUio,price 125,, ahnd willl be' found a very agreeable anid mirthful companion by the C:hristmas circe.o In tte mDoot cheer- parie moroare pesnly rerlee lthan by atbUOook of thts kind. L ondon. W. Kent and Co. (late Rogue?, Fleet stre-.it and Efetemoslor-row, and every bookseller In the united kingdom. [UAdvertlsement,1-Nolan's "HIlstory of IndLa."-Jrast published, Part II. of an1uilhrtrated hkitory:of that countr from the earlestperIod to the present time, by the author of the " wor agairt BuE---"' The iLloatratlons will be engraved On steel expressly for the work, and will emptise portraits, owRs of pDlces, aud map very exerton wlls be made do render it an hathentic and lopular recnai of a that is imporon t wi the itror to Brithoe India. the work we be published in part at 1s each, containing twro engravings ann. 40 pages of text. It mnay aisO be had in divisions at So., and wsill lossn when Virtue, Cty-roadand Ivy-lane. O^OVID9 °GD ^O8 [Advertilsement..-.Nlce Christmas Dinners, inexpensive and eastlY prepared, together wlith palatable meals dayV after day all Book of Cookery' (so. 6d.), whio givoes full details of sung dinners for two,or ny lrge nuber,andwhic ma begot up comfortabLy In any household. "Recommended by plain sense and Practical worth." -Vid "lius el4ew." Te ,'tactcalHousewife' (2s. 6d.) will enabe te pssesor o cve mneydaiy. This 10 a capital hand. boelY-Vde Athniom."A ne edtio ina few days, As Chbsltmao lf s, Th Famly rlen" (i. 60 an Elee ut Arta for Ladla" Is.Gd. ar muh rcomendd, ardand Lock, and all [Advertisement]-"Richardses Remembrancers forlS5S " In every Variety of sre, at Prices varying from is. to 93., ar sold by all booksellers and ettioneorka. They are Printed on superfire paper, and the Svo sir may be had elther plain, ruxled for accounta or memoranda ; and the proprieter 10 careful to excluide that mars of printed matter so much objected to In work. of a elmilar charactEr. These diaries hIave for upwardso0f 40 yeera been much priced by professional imen, gentlemen and their stewards, persons in public offics, mnerchanis, and tradesmen, The prices of th-e 410 Riemembmaneea are s,, 49., 6s., aud 9a. .he Svao. Ss d. s, Be anG. 6d. ;and the smibbBong Rtemembrancers Is. and Is. 6d. Lomden, Edward Stanford, 6, Charlng- [Advertisement.p.pFll not to begin the New Year with a Diary.-Those known as Lotta's, from their! general superiority and ImmenEe variety (above 100) are kety all bookreleris Inthe Icdng. dom, who Will suppIY a fully'descrlplvYe catalogue gratis. An a Present or Colsiias r Ne Yea'ody,to e o hse, published ipla iMn or legnt indng,andappopratc telS gesand classes of socety. woud cnfe alasingbeefi onth relbintwithout treipaceing too sevrel upn he ono'sllbrslty,ofen eavlytaxed for the must
THE METEOBR. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A luminous phenomenon of a most extraordinary sort was observed in all the northern parts of Belgium yes. terday mooning, which deserveg to be reeorded that its extent may be ascertained. It was about a quarter be. fore 5 in the morning, and quite dark, when an aurora borealis of a deep blood-coloured flame suddenly arose from behind a long, horizontal cloud in the north, dividing Itself into two diverging columns, each of these divaricated and extsnded above 45 deg. into the sky, leaving a pale yellow luminosity between them. By degrees the aurora became so intensely bright, and was so extensively reflected from the clouds above, that, as I have just been told, several engines were brought out (from Malines I believe), and the constermation was very great even as far as Antwerp. At BruEsels the phenomenon was most beautiful, and it lasted with little diminution till the dawn of day came over it, 'then It was only faintly seen. Till 6 o'clock one mlght have almost read a large print by it. This year has been remarkably hfritful In meteors of all kinds. The common meteors or falling stars, usually periodical on August the 10th and November the 13th, have this year been observed till the end of last month. If you think this worthy of record it is for insertion if you please. I am, Sir, hi haste, your obedient servant, M vn'D-- 18, Avenne de la ToLson d'Or, BrmseoL, Dec. 18. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The meteor descrbod by your correspondent "N.B." In your publication of Friday last, as seen on Wednesday evening, Was seen from here. Its course seemed from north-east to west, and was woll to the sonth f- 51; pLace. T. H. A. Blrchfield, near Birmingham. I TO TE1E EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Slr,-The meteor stated by your correspondeuts to have been seen In Middlesex and Berkshire was also seen by myself at about a-quarter to 8 last Wednesday evening in the parish of Palgrave, about two miles south of this town. The general effect was that described by your former correspondents. Yours obedientlv. S. A. uIS, -Norfolk, Dec. 19.
3SfAOKE NUISANCCE. TO THEI EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Slr,-About two years since a correspondent in your columns invited attention to the fact that the great principle of Dr. Arnott's new grates-the consumption of smoke by cutting off the draught of air below and kindUjng the fire on the top-might be adopted in ordinary grates, without exchanging them for those of the new construction. The plan consists in laying at the bottom (on the bars) a thin moveable iron plate, fitted so as to cut off the draught from below; then by laying upon it fresh coal up to the top bar; and upon this foundation laying the paper and stioks, and covering the latter with the rubble left overnlght. Having previously purchased one of the Arnott grates for a bedroom (whioh answered admirably), I acted on the hint of your correspondent, and have now ten fires daUy lighted on the same principle. The result is all that could be desired-little or no smoke, a bright clear fire, and a diminished consumption of fnel. It wIll last all night In a bedroom, without requiring any attention. AEter a two years' trial, I may fairly recommend its adoption to your readers. The great obstacle is the ignorance and prejudice of the domestic servant, who will, if she can, put a stopper on the innovation. But the thing Is so simple that even ignorance and preitdice cannot stand against it where the master or mistress Is firm at the outset. My servants are now quite reconcUed to it. The smoke of London proceeds mainly from the domestic f,re. Here then is a scheme which, at a cost of only a fow pence per grate, would In one week remove the dark cloud overhanging the metropolis-a feat surely surpassing the launching (?) of the Leviathan, and at less than a hundredth. part of the cost. I anm, Sr, youx obedicAt1y, G.
IVILITTAY AZND NA VAL INTELLIWBYCB. 'Yesterday orders were received by the officers commandSng the fist and secoLd battalions at Chatham garrison, directing the following reinforcements to proceed this morn ing to Gravesend, to embark on board the Salamanca for Bom6y and Kurrachee :-18th Royal Irish, 64 nofxOommissioned officers and men; 51st Light rnfantry, F,3 me of all ranks; 83d Regiment, 2 men; 86th Royal Ceinty Down, 23 rauk and file; 98th Regiment, 5 Imen. The following officers are ordered to embark with the detactments, viz. :-Captain G. H. Adams, 86th Regimsent, Lieutenant E. L. Dillon, 18th Royal Irish; and Ensign B. !. Crowe, 5Lst Light Infantry; Assistant Staff-Surgeon A. R. KlSroy wSII embark in medical charge of the reinforcements. The whole of the troops are to he fully arsted and equipped with the Enfieid rifle. A large supply of clothing has been !erwarded to Chatham for the purpose of being distributed among the wives and chUdren of those soldiers who have prooeeded to India' previously to their being forwarded to their respective homes. The articles have been sent to Mr. H. T. Jones, the storekeeper at Chatham, for gratuitous distribution to the wiives of soldiers, on recommendation of the several commanding officers. In addition to the detachment of the Medical Staff Corps vhich proceeded from Chatham to Calcuttafor the purpose of being employed as assistant dispensers in the hospitals in India, a detachment has likewise embarked for Hongkong. Her Majesty's steam troopship Urgent, 6, Commander M'Donald, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from the Mediterranean. She left Malta on the 11th and Gibraltar on the 16th inst., bringing home the following passengers and invalids:-From Malta garrison and the fleet.-Commander the Hon. E. Moreton, on promotion; Mr. R. W. hi Jones, paymaster, R.N., invalided from Her Majesty's ship Curlew; Mr. B. D. Cornor, second master, R.N., in. valided from Her Majesty's ship Conqueror; Mr. H. H. Tregelges, assIstant-enSineer, RLN., from Malta Hospital; Mr. G. Ares, gunner, R.N., on promotion; Mr. R. D. Lys, late paymaster of the 55th Regiment, 25 naval Invalids, two seamen, to join Her 'Majesty's ship Brnnswick; seven ditto, for passage to England; five ditto, on completion of service; four ditto, unfit for duty; two ditto, prisoners; nine ditto, discharged with disgrace; two distressed British subjects; Lieutenant-Colonel Spence; Lieutenants Waldron and Gould, and Ensign Tibbetts, of the 31st Regiment; Mrs. Gould; Captain Bray and Lieutenant Cochrane,of the 96thReglment; LieutenantThompson, of the Ist Royal Regiment; Lieutenant Thompson, of the 57th Regiment; Lieutenants French and Shakerley, of the Royal Artilery. Troops, &c., from Corfu :-Royrl Artillery.- 4 lnvalids, 27 transfers, 5 women, and 8 children. 3d Buffs. -4 inval'd3, 7 transfers, 2 women, 1 ohild, 1 sergeant, wife, and family. 46th Regiment. -3 invalids, 6 tra nbfers, 1 woman, 1 chlld. 6Sth Regiment, to joln the depOt.-21 men, 3 women, 7 children. 91st Reglment,-17 invalids, I woman, 1 barrack sergeant Invalided, 1 ditto transferred. From Malta :-Assistant-Snrgeon O'Callaghan, M[edical Staff Corps; 66 ward masters aud orderlies, 3 women, and 8 children, 27 invalids from the 14th Regiment, 2 of the 21st, 3 of the 28th, 12 of the 57th, 1 of the 718t, and one prisoner from the 21st. From Gibraltar.-7 Invalids, 1 woman, and 5 children, from the Royal Artillery; 2 invalids and 1 woman from the Royal Engineers, 1 in. valid from the 31st R3giment, 8 from the 48th, 5 and 1 woman and 1 child from the 92d, 12 reoruits, in charge of a non-commissioned officer of the 1st Royals. The Urgent spoke nothing on her way home, and went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday afternoon to land her troops, &o. The result of a garrison court-martial held at the Royal Artillery Barracks, Woolwloh, on Thureday, Lieutenant. Colonel Noble Freese, president, has again been the infllo. tion of the lash. The delinquent inthe present instance was a man named Vance, a gunner belonging to the 2d Battalion of the Royal Artillery, who was acting as helping man to Sergeant-Major Taylor. It appears that the prisoner, having the run of the sergeant-major's house, managed to extract a sovereign from an open desk lying i the bedroom. The act was promptly detected and laId to the prisoner's charge, and the sum of 1Ss. was found in his possession, the remnant of a soveregn changed at the canteen. This he accounted for by asserting that it had been given to him by a woman. On her being called as evidence at the court-martial she denied the assertion, and added moreover that she had received a number of letters from the prisoner since he had been under arrest, begging and entreating her to confirm his story. A bombardier, a second witness produced by the prisoner, and whom he had solicited to bear false testimony in his favour, was likewise examined. The guilt of the piisoner having neen olearly proved, he was condemned to receive 50 lashes, and on his baing discharged from the infirmary to be imprisoned In Fort Clarence for the tern of 84 days. The sentence of the court-martial having been confirmed by Major-General Sir W. F. Williams, commandant of the garrison, the prisoner was publicly flogged yesterday morn. ing in the presence of the troops assembled in the Ridlng. house. Seventeen artillerymen now under arrest at Wool vich will be brought for trial at the ensuing weekly court. martlal. The half-yearly term of the Royal Military Academy at Woolv,lch was brought to a close yesterday, when the company of Gentlemen Cadets paraded in review order under Captain Shakespear, R.A., for the inspection of the Governor of the establishment, Colonel Wilford, R.A. 'who was received wvith a general salute at 2 o'clook. The cadets then marched past in the usual manner,-la slow and quick time, and were put through the manual and platoon exercises by Gentleman Cadet Tramll, Gentleman Cadet Cobbold acting as Adjutant. The command being then taken by Captain Shakespear, they were put through several battallon mancmuvres, firing with blank cartridges, after. wards forming on original ground, advancing in line, and performing a general salute. They were then marohed Into the dinlng-hall to witness the interesting ceremony of award. Ing the prizes for proficiency in the different branches of study. The Governor, before distributing the prizes, ad. dressed the cadets, complimenting them upou their uniformnly good conduct and their steadiness under arms, and detailed the progress of the company during the past half-year. He pointed out in an en. conraging manner the important nature of their future caceer as officers, and urged them to persevere in their studies. The prizes were then presented to the cadet, to whom they had been adjndged, the Governor addressing to each one an appropriate remark. Gentleman Cadet Sitwell was especially complimented upon receiving the sword, the prize for general good conduct. The remainder of the prizes were delivered in the following manner, viz.:_ Mr. Sitwell-General good conduct and landscape drawing. Mr. D. Joneq-Fortificatlon (practical class). Mr. Innes-First mathematics, first fortifications, Mr. Armstrong-Second mathematies. Mr. Woodward-Secoud fortification. Mr. Srevens-Descriptive geometry. Mr. Althorpo-Freneh. Mr. Burnett-History and geography. Mr. WUmer-Topographical drawing. Mr. Johnston-Landsoape drawing. Twenty-nine cadets of the practical olass in this academy have been recomnmended for commisdoos in the Royal Artillery and Engineers, mnaking an aggregate number of 85 commissions from the establishment during the last half. year. The vacation will terminate on the 3d of February 1838. Brevet-Major Smith's company of the 4th battalion Royal Artillery arrived at head-quarters, Woolwich, yesterday, and Captain Blosse's company, 12th battalion, arrived on Saturday, having been relieved from duty at Purfleet and the Tower by Lieut4nant-Colonel Hamley's and Lieutenant. Colonel Morris's companies. The Australasian steamship arrived at Portsmouth from Southampton, end went into harbour to prepare for the embarcation of the head-quarters of the GSth Regiment and other troops for India. She hauled alongside Portsmouth dockyard jetty yesterday afternoon and commenced shipping the baggage. Her Majesty's state yacht VicLoria and Albert, Captain the Hon. Joseph Denmnan, is ordered to be prepared for the special service of onveying the Princess Royal and the Prince of Prussia to Prussia after their marriage. The Curacoa, 31, screw frigate, Captain T. M. Mason, has her topmasts pointed and the rigging over the mastheads, and has entered upwards of 200 of her ship's complement. Mr. Richard Allen has been a-ppointed paymaster to the WeUesley at Chatham. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- John H. Fuly, second master, to the Industry; Peter W. Jobhston. to be deputy-inspector oEf the Royal Marines, Woolwicb.
hfORTARSB AND MORBARs. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We trust you will not deem us intrusive if we beg rebpeotfully to call your attention to the monster wrought. irou gun manufactured by us, which certainly cannot be waid to bave been in any sense " a failure," after havir,g stood very much more severe tests than those originally imnposed by the Ordnance Select Committee, and also having accomplished a range, at various degrees of elevation, Of from 10 to 20 per cent. aboye the best guns in Her Majesty's screvice. The gun is now lying, we bef,ove, at Shoeburyness, In perfect order and in readiness for aciul service. VWe are, Sir, xespectfuuly 1lurs, -T , WT) W PT.AV AIQ,rr,ey Stecl and Irozz 'WozirB, Ljv4,;?j,
TRB INDIAN UTI_yIv& TO THE RDIT<r IES. l Sir,-The accomr ying letter was written by the late Lieutenant Pjuncan Home (Bengal Engineers) to his mother on the very day of his lamented death, and +'n6'clrcumztsnce of itselE would give a mournful intereit to its contents; but in sending it for insertion in your widely circulated aud influential journal I am also actuated by the wish that the prominent and responsible part which he took in blowing open the Cashmere-gate, and also in exploding that of the Palace, should be publicly known and acknowledged, and that he might receive the praise due to his gallantry as leader of the storming party, and which has been so handsomely awarded to him by Colonel Baird Smith (Chief Engineer, Delhi Field Force) in his report of the siege operations, dated the 17th of September, 1857. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. IL W. EBASER. Lientenant-Colonel. Benval Annmv (Retired List). - Murray.lodge, Portobelo, Edinburgh, Dec. 19. " Camp, malaghur, near Bolundshuhur, Oct. 1. "My dearest Mother,-In the hurry and work of the siege of Delhi the last mail-day passed by without my knowIng it, or being able to write, and I an now on duty vith the movablo column, whose destination Is not known, and which has, as yet, only reached thus far, after an engagement -with Walidld Rhan's men at Bolundshuhur, on Monday lest. He bolted, and has left the fort in our bands, which I am at present renderln' untenable. You wiU doubtless ere this, have heard of the fae of Delhi, and that the King isin our hands. Mogul Beg and two other princes have been killed. The former was the man who kiRed uncle Simon.* I must now tell you something about the siege, and of my goings on in it. For ten days I was perpetualy on duty, day and night, first on the right and then on the left. I had charge of the construction of our firat breaching battery, which was constructed in one night, a thing which has only been done in one other siege. The Engineers were highly complimented on it, I then had charge of the construction of the battery nearest the city,at only 140 yards from it, which was finished satisfactorily, and breached the water-bastion of the city. I remaed in charge of the battery till the assault, in which my duties were as follows:-I was directed to take charge of a party of 14 Sappers, with three non-commissioned officers and another officer of Engineers, named Salkeld, and to proceed and blow in the Cashmere-gate of the city. Owing to delays, the assault did not take place till sunrise, and I had to advance from Ludlow Castle (uncle Simon's houe) in broad dayl1ght to the gate, place powder-bogs against it, and explode them, and then give the signal for the advance. We all arrivcd at the gate quite safely, although we were under a very heavy fire ef musketry from the walls and through the wicket of the gate, which was open. However, as we were laying the bags at the gate, we began to lose men. There were two Europoan non-commissioned oficers audone native klUed. Salkeld was badly wounded in the arm and leg. He has lost his arm, and his leg, being wounded, is in splints. I hope he may recover, but it seems very doubtful. I had also two natives wounded. I myself escaped with a blow on the leg above the knee from a stone, knocked up by a buUet. Out of 12 persons who were at the gate 0 were kiUed 6r wounded. For blowing in the Cashmere-gate in broad daylight General Wilson has put in orde.a that Salkeld, a sergeant, a bugler, and myself are tt get the Victoria Cross ; so we are, of course, proportion. ably proud, we being the first persons in the Indian army to receive this decoration. "After we got into the city, owing to the heavy loss in Engineers, 9 out of 17 who went into action being killed or wounded, I wrs the tbird eenior officer Et for duty, so got charge of the left colaumn of attack, and was continually on duty until the King evacuated the Palace. I had never more than four hours' sleep in the 24, and then only by suatches. I had also the pleasure of blowing in the gate of the Palace, though no one luckily fired at me, there being so few men left to guard the Palace and they were asleep. The gate was blown in at noon. So now the Delhi business may be considered over, and I hope the country will soon begin to get settled. "We had a tolerably sharp action with the rebels at Bolundshuhur, which they occupied with about 2,000 men and some 14 guns; however, after three hours' fighting, they bolted. They had, however, managed to attaok our baggage, and to cut up two sick Europeams who were being carried in dhoolles. We found a lot of Erropean uroperty in the fort which had been looted from Bolundshuhur. Walidid lhan was some relation of the King of Delhi, and had continually intercepted our communications during the row. He has now, I believe, gone to Rohilcund, which has become the refuge for the desttute. I do not know where we go to from this pla2e; I believe that the force is to go to Agra, but I should not be astonished at its being ordered on to Cawnpore, to join the forceo under Eavelock. It is quite cool In camp, though the sun is still powerfuL I have not received any letters from you by this mail, but hope to get some soon. With best love to you all, "Believe me, your affectionate son, DUNOAN C. HOME." * The " Uncle Simon" mentioned In this letter is the late Mr. Simon Fraser, Commissioner of Delhi, who was one of the first victims of the matiny.
CHRIS2'IAZ.NITY IiN IZDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your leading article of yesterday has, indeed, stirred the hearts of many. You commence by saying, " To plant Christianity in such a country as India is indeed a task worthy of a great nation," and conclude, "Let the Govern. mont determine to uphold Christianity as its own religion, and to forbid anything like an abnegation of its principles, and we have little doubt that the Asiatio will yield obedience in the end." May God grant that the Goveniment may so regard the subjeotl If they wiU do their part in presenting the Government of India to its native subjects in Its proper Christian character, the missionary societies will do theirs. Let the Government enter boldly upon the work. They have stopped by law the destruction of chUdren at Saugor Island and the burning of widows; let them go further, aud withhold aU countenance and support from whatever dishonours God or Is offensive to humanity and decency. Let them make no longer any conceswions to the terrible system of caste. They do employ ohaplains; let them further appoint a chaplain to every European regiment and to every districin India. They do adopt "' grants in aid" with respect to education; let them fully carry out the system. Wherever parties are prepared to apply for them, grant them liberally; but where no local aid can be cealled forth, then let the Government schools be carried on with the understanding that the Bible Is daily to be taught to those who are willing to be instructed In it. There is already a strong, earnest feeling and conviction that on this sphere of action the various sections of Chrlstians may combine, and, as Is so well expressed by the BiBhop of Calcutta, "unity and love 'prevail among the different divisions of the Protestant family." If, in God's mercy, we are now enabled to prove that oum day of grace is not yet past and gone-if we are not found wanting in the glorious work that is yet before us-may we not further pray that our hopes and endeavours may extend even beyond this vast sphere, and may iind it to be the hlgh road by which the Gospel may even reach those nations to the east and west of it who are now in such heathen dark. ness ? Your obedient servant. fENRY KINGSCOTE. I zenneun, ijec. 1Y.
I TO THE EDITOB op THE TIMES. XSir,-We shaU be greatly obliged by your coutradicting the report of Mr. Gordon Cumming's death, which has appeared in the Bombay papers. I enclose the paragraph. I san thankrful to say that up to the 12th of November my brother contiued in safety at bis post on the Nerbuddac - - ~~I remain, Sir, yours obediently. C. F. GORDON CUMMING. tiarehlope, Ainwick.
INDiAN MuTINY RELiEF FUND.-The following very interesting letter has been received by the President of the Fund from the Hon. Charles Murray, Her Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Miatster Plenipotentiary at Teheran:-"Teheran, Nov. 6. Sir,-Seeing your name at the head of the metropolitan subscription for the Indian Rellef Fund, I have the honour to enclose herewith a bill for 1001. (one hundred pounds) as my contribution to the same, and I sincerely hor that other members of the profession to which I have the honour to belong will show on this occasion, according to their means, that, although serving Her Majesty abroad, their hearts are still at home, and sympathize with the heavy distresses and sufferings of their fellowcountrymea which it is the obiect of this subscription to relieve. I have the honour to be, c., C. A. Marray, Her Britannlc Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Persia. T. Q. Finnis, Esq." WiNorsEsTEn COiLEGE.-TnE GODDARD SCROnIAsi5iP FOR 1857.-The examination for this scholarship nded on Saturday in its award to J. S. Phillpotts, acholar; *econd in merit, A. Moberly, scholar. Next to these in order were placed :-1, E. O'Brien; 2, H. W. HEssey; 3, E. Storr; 4, C. Barney; 5, A. Fcrueaux; 6, F. G. Eyre; 7, C. Martin; 8, A. ML Lipscomb. The examiners, Ihe 1Rev. F. ?deyrick, M.A., Fellow and Totor of Tzinity College, Oxford, and the Rev. A. H. Faber, M.A., Fellow and Tutor of New College, Oxford, declared the examination to have been a most satisfactory one, showing a highar degree of scholarship among the competitors than any previous one for some years. Ir. Duncan's prizes for nmathematics were at the same time adjudged, the senior to C. artin, scholar; second in merit, A. . Port-er, cemmoner. The Junior to A. Daniel-Tyssen, scholar; s econd In merit, W, Moore, scholar, 2Xhe college holidays began yesterday (klonday),
TAB CITY or LONDON. THE WARDMOTES. Yesterday being St. Thomsns-'sy, pursuant to annual custom, ward meetings were held throughout the city for the purpose of elcatingCommon Counclmen aud other wArd officers for the ensuing year. Notwitbstandlng the accession of electors within these past 15 rmonths, there was but an average thin attendance at each. Several vacancies ocourred by resignation which were filled up without oppo. tition, and, as it will be seen, the contests for seats in tho Court of Common Council are considerably less numerous than usual. ALDERSGATE. This wardmote was presided over by Sir Peter Laurie, alderman of the ward, and ws held at Shaftesbury-hal, Aldersgate-strect. The following gentlemen were re-elected without opposition as members of the Common Council for the year enSulg :-oass R. Bedey, Do Jersey, Goodman, Woodward, Lawson, J. T. Norris, J. Wood, and R. Chaplin; Mr. Lawson being again appointed deputy. ALDGATE. This wardmote was held in the committee-room, Mitre. street, Aldgate, Mr. Alderman Huumphery, the alderman of the ward, in the chair. Mr. R. INNoS said he wished to know if the electors C-ould at that wnrdmote ask any questions as to what hid latterly been done in the Court of Common Conncll, especially as they were about to have so many changes ? There was no doubt that reform was wa nted, but not the sweep. ing reform that would break dowrn and carry away al old institutions. He did not wish tosee all the convivial meetings of the corporation done away with (laughter), as they caused money to be spent in the clty, and were almost the means of support of many tradesmen therein. Reform was wanted where gentlemen, after being elected to any public post, merely walked into public offices, took their chairs, and signed their names to something or the other. (Hear.) He begged to add that there were many such gentlemen, but at the same time to emphatlcally tate that he made no reflection upon any one ottho representatUves of that ward in the Court of Common CounciL. The ALDFRMAN said that he had no doubt that the num. ber of the wards would be reduced, as well as that of the Aldermen and Common CounciL In answer to Mr. Innes's question as to what had been done in the Court of Common Council, the proceedings of each meeting appeared in the newspapers. There was no doubt both the Bill of Sir George Grey and that of the corporation would be well digested in the Houee of Commons. The names of the old members were then put, and they were declared duly elected,-viz*, Mr. Robert Butler Whiteside, Mr. Joseph Turnley, Mr. Richard Corfield Bncknall, Mr. :Robert Osmond, MLr. Blomfield Burnell, Mr. John Hudson, Mr. HenryH'IL, and Mr. Andrew Lusk. A vote of thanks to Alderman Humphery having been agreed to, The Ar M"J,in aclcnowledgingit,said he thought if the nm ber of the Common Council were to be reduced to 96 they ought not alone to elect ihe Lord Mayor, whose income was to bo 10 000h per annum, but that the election should. be left with tih wholebody of the voters. He did not think that it was right, when an alderman became aged and feeble, that he should still continue in office to the detriment of the interests of the inhabitants of the ward he represented. He begged to thank them for the honour they had done him, amd to assure them that when he was unable to perform his duties he would at once resign his gown. (Bear, hear.) BASSISHAW. Thiswardinotewas held in the Vestry.room of St. Michael's Cburch, Basinghall-street; Mr. Alderman Farncombe presided. There was no change whatever in this ward, the old members being re-elected:-Messrs Britten (depaty), W. Lister, C. . Fuller, and Anthony Locke. BILLNGSGATE. At this wardmote, held in Fellowship-halL, St. Mary-atHll, under the presidency of Mr. Alderman Sidney, the followi'ng gentlemen were re-elected:-Messrs. Benjamin Bower (deputy), James Roberts, Wiliam Wiliams, Joseph Caustion, George C. Graves, Ben. Slowmna, William Bousfield, and Richard WestaOl. BISHOPSGATE. Mr. William Taylor Copeland, &LP., the alderman, presided at this wardmote, which was held at Crosby-hall. The following gentlemen were elected Common Council. men for the ensuingyear :-Mr. Thomas Scambler Owdon, Mir. Thomas Fricker, Mr. James Charles Edmiston, Mr. George Kerry, Mr. William Jones, Mr. James Warren, Mr. William Stevens (deputy), Mr. Metcalf Hopgood, Mr. Walter Anderson Peacock (deputy), Mr. William Hum. phery Pilcher, Mr. James Rowland Carr, Mlr. Richard Asnby, Mr. Charles Gilpin, and M1r. George Taylor. A long conversation took place on the subject of the parochla rates, and on the necessity of some Immediate altertation. Eventually the following resolution was "That the Inbabitants of the ward ot Bi3s gato view with great alasm theInfflctionoci xtm rates,,more especalythe rate for watering the streets, M it Dreetes withgreat tseveri y on the por and or. burdened ratepasers teetdiug le te Suk streets and alleys, as te cannot be benefited by It. It Is unjust in principle and oppressive In psactire, eepeciaUy as tho eolUdested anad eovwers rate, have been mere than doubled of late, and tt is the desire of this meeting that our Common Councilmen do take the earl~iet eppotlunity of reecinding the latc motion for iatening She reets, and That in the mouth of January or ebruary next we do have a public meeting Of the ward, to ascertain the proEroes they have made towari^,s theoreduction our heavy taxation and te take further steps for the reduction of Lthvee heavy The foUowing resolution was aso agreed to:- 'Tat this wasdmote deems it of the dsrst import3one to seouve in Its completeness tte action of religious liberty, and feels thereby the Inay dn its lmpedimentby withholdIng the civil rights of our Jews W eilow-subjessU." BREAD-STREET. This wardmote was hold, as usual, in Cordwainers?-hall, Cannon-s -reet, and Mr. Sheriff Lawrence, the alderman of the ward, presided. The following eight gentlemen who have served during tepeiuyear were re- eleCted without opposition- Mr yV lxte, Mr. N. Mautghan, Mr. D. Laurie, Mri. J. P. SneUl, Mr M. i llard (under-sheriff , Mr. S. Maynard, Mr. W, Patten, Mr. J. Smith, and MIr. L. M'Ctutchan. BRIDGE WARD. Alderman Sir Chapman MshaU took the chair at this wardmote, held at St. Magnus Church, Lower 'Thamesstreet. Mr. Deputy Pewtress and Messn J. Hill, H. Mathews, J. Lowe, C. Whetham, J. Arnold, T. Johnson, and W. Dray were re-elected Common Councilmen. BROAD-STREET. The wardmote was held in the ward School-rooms, Alder. man Sir John hlusgrove occupying the chair. There was no opposition in this ward, the old members being re-eleoted:-Messrs. Thomas Corney(deguty), C. Warton, Joln Humphreys, William Cox, M.P., Thomas Abraha^m. WV. Hartrldgec S. H. Waterlow, and John O'NeUIl t'AIter the usual vote of thanks to the members, some dis. -ussion took place relative to corporation reform, and some points of Sir G. Grey's Bill were disapproved. CANDLEWICI. The annual meeting of the inhabitants of this ward was held at the White Hart Tavern Abchuroh-lane, Alderman Sir G. Carroll in the chair. Messrs. T. Dakin (deputy), J. H. Elliott, F. R. Frinneby, J. Matthews, R. Rowe, and J. G. Marratt, having been reelected Common Councilmen, Mr. Deputy DmiNr, in expreesing his thanls for having been re-elected, referred to the Bill to be brought in by Sir G. Grey on the reassembling of Parliament, and said he was glad to find that Sir G. Grey did not intend to press that part of the BiU which said the aldermen should bs annually elected. Mr. Rows expressed an opinion that it was absurd to propose to reduce the number of wards, for by so doing there would be 26 aldermen to 20 wards. He considered it oerfectly impossible to carry out the Bil proposed by the Cortt of Common Council. Mr. MATTHEWS thought the best mode of teform would be to look to expenditure, and not to try to reduce the number of officers, Mr. STEVENS mOTed- " That tho alderman of this ward be requeated to convene a ward mote for the purrose of discusDsg the Btl for reformfieg the oorpora tign of the city of London to be broght in by Sit George Grey as *oon after the same sbhaU be reported to the city authorities as may be deemed mort expedisnt.,, Mr. BROWN seconded the motion, which was put and carried unanimously. CASTLE BAYNARD. At this wardmote, held at Johnson's Rooms, Sermonlane, Dootors'-commons, Alderman Sir Hlenry Muggeridge Mr. WilUey retired from the Common Council, and Mr. Lonlgden wFas elected in his stead. The following seven old members were re-elected :-Mr. Dep,uty Hicks and Messrs. Tlhomas Parker, G. J. CockGrill, F. Ftarrar, C. Odell, Adlard, and C. Hiawkins, CHEAP. This wardmote was held at the Gulldball Coffee-house, Gresham-street, Mr. Alderman Kennedy in the chair. The former members were unanimously re-elected. They aTe-Mr. Eugene Fenaing(deputy), Mr. R. G. Pead, Mr. William Bares, Mr. Jonathan Thorp, Mr. Lucas Houghton, Mr. WiiamBTnegg Mr. JWillinamhC°ornpnel andrMr. Stewart. Mr. D)eputty FsiING said that a great deal had been mlade of the proposed reforms in the corporation, and, as he had represented them for 40 years, he would when the time of the change arrived rsign his trust into younger and more Mr. PEAD strongly condenmned the great reduction of the number of wards and members of the COLmon CounCil, as it was likely to make the affairs of the corporation dwindle down into a mere job. Mr. CONNELL said he disagreed with Mr. Pead, for he was certain that if the numbers were comparatively reduced they would get men to feel that In going to the Court of Common Council they were going to perform an important duty, and not merely getting elected for the honour it conferred upon them. As to the Bill that had been sent by the corporation, it was nothing but an absurdity and an abortion. COLEUAN-STREET. The annual meeting of this ward was held in the School. room, London-wall, Mr. Alderman Hale occupying tho chair. The old members were again unanimously re-elected. Mr. VALLANCE read a somewhat long address upon the subject of corporation reform, in which he alluded to the anticipated changes, aserting that he did not think that there woald be such an extreme difference between Sir G. Grey and the corporation. Sir G. Grey had seen the dlficulty of displaciog an alderman for misconduct if he were elected for life, and it was suggested to him that it should bv d'ttrmined that in snc a gate tywthirdq of thg Court co,la call uponx the wagistrate, and he (Sir G. Grey) approved the suggeston. Mr. WESTAiLL could not see why the Government had interfered wii them at all, for many things the Go. vemment hdr; done had not been done so remarkably welL (Hear, hear.) The names of the gentlemen re-elected were Messr J. Davies (deputy), J. Perkins, W. Webater, H. W. Valiance, C. Hogg, T. Westall, J. E. S. Sanders, and H. Roberts. CORDWAINERS. The annual wardmote was held at Bow Church, Mfr Alderman Salomons presiding. Messrs. Lott (deputy), Joyce, H. L Taylor, J. Chaffey, J. Lamb. and w. Croucher, the old members, were reelected as members of the Coirt of Common CounciL Mr. Deputy LOTT, in thanking them for having elected him for the 24th time, remarked that, perhaps before leng, the reform in the corporation would be such that this ward would only have three members left. Alderman SALomows.-And only half an alderman. (Laughter.) Mr. LOTT.-No doubt a number of them would have to leave the corporation, so perhaps he should not have the honour to appear before them again. The matter of corpo. ration reforim was one that should occupy his attention. They had brought in a BiU to reform themselves, and no doubt as the Government Bill went farther than the other the matter would be compromlsed. As for himself he should stick to the ward as long as the ward would stick to him.- A resoluion was passed requesting the representatives of the ward to take the subject of the lanatic asylum Linto consideration. The|wardmote CORNHILL. The mrdotewas held for this ward In the Vestry-room of St. Michael!s Church, St. Michael's-alley, at which Mr. J. Carter, alderman of the ward, presided. There were threevacancies inthe list of Common Council. men occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Donald Wicholl, |LP,, and of Messrs. Randal atnd Saxton. Tosupply these vacancies hlessrs. C. Gaimes, A. J. Waterlow, and J. Purssellhad been returned by the precincts. fMr. D. Shtewsbury, as a fourth candidate, was proposed by Mr. PHILLTPs and seconded by rLr. BEAuMO?T. Upon a show of hands there annea?rod foi.- A poll having been demanded on behalf of Mr. Pursscl was fixed to take placo to-morrorw (this day), commencing at 10 o'clock and closing at 4 o'clock. CEIPPLEGATE WITHIN The vwardraote was held in the schoolroom, Philip-lane, London-wall, Mr. Alderman Challis in the chair. The CnAnAsr, read the names of the gentlemen nominated by the several precincts as representatives for the ward In the Common CounciL The only change was that of Mfr. Hugh Jones, who was returned in the room of Mr. W. Brass, retired in consequence of old age, after representing the ward 30 yean. The following persons were deolared duly elected :-M. Hugh Jones, Mr. B. E. Brown, Mr. Herbert lloyd, Mr. John Parker, Mr. W. Brass, jun., Mr. J. Edmunds, Mr. B. Spilsbury, and Mr. G. Burkett. Mr. PARs proposed the following resolution- *That this wavdmote cannot separate without recording Its unbounded admiration of the heroie conduct and consummate m ltary skilll of Malor General Haselect during the late arduous struggle In Indla agains an overwvhelming numubAr of cruel and vindictive rebels, and It hope, that the O.,urt ot Commuon Council will take an early oporniogiving due effectto there201utbun. Gena ec vvas one ot the peole, and It was their duty to support hinm and Id the Gxovernment to rear him in * proper manner."uo Mr. SPriSBUIY seconded the resolution, which was agreed to unanimously. Mr. Alderman CyrATIs, in replying to a vote of thanks, remarked that ho perfectly agreed with the resolation re. i pecting General liavelock, and ho could not help remarkirg that many a man had been made a Peer and received 5,0001. a-year for doing nothing, wthile a gallant soldier like HEavelock, who had done so much, was only to receive 1,0001. a-year. With regard to the proposed reform, he trusted the citizens would resist, not only to the teeth, but to the knife, any attempt to rob them of thek privileges, CRIPPLEGATE WITHOUT. The wardmote was held in the Boys' School-room, Redcross-street, Mr. Alderman Challis in the chair. MTr. SPmc'im proposed that Messrs. John Plokering, Edward Stillwell, George Cathbert, William King, Walter Morrilsse, Septimus Read, John Johnson, and John Sewell, should be elected members of the Common Council for the ensuing year. Ths names were agreed to unanimously. Mr. TURN-ER proposed the following resolution:- 1- That this wardmoie destres to express lbt admiraton of the heroio conduct of General Sir Hi. Havelock, and of the great sery1os he ha rendered his couttry by his miany splendid viatorlet in ludia, and to hope that the Common Couacil wiU take an early opportunity ot testifying the very high etistlmatk the citizens of London place on his valuable and Important servioes." He trusted the resolution would be carried without a dSssentient voice, and that wbile swords, snuffboxes, and other tokens of regard were presented to those occupying exalted positions, the man who had risen from the people would notbhe forgotten. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SPE;CER briefly seconded the reiolation, which was adopted unanimously. DOWGATE. This wardmote was held in the vestry room of Allhallowsthe Great, Upper Thames-street, the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor (alderman of the ward) in the chair. Mr. Deputy KBBEnL stated that he had received a letter from Mr. H. H. Mortimer (of the Common Council),tender. lug his resignation on account of indisposition. He should therefore at the proper time propose another candidate. The following five of the old members of the Coramon Council wore elected :-3r. Deputy Kebbel, Mr. George Harker, Mr. Thomas White, Mr. J. Kearns, and Mr. J. Mr. James Truscott was then elected in the room of Mr. Mortimer. Mr. SwisNBuRNy then moved, and Mr. Mlssxws e conded a resolution thanking their representatives in the Court of Common Council for the manner In which they had performed their duties during the past year. The motion having been carried unanimously, Mr. Deputy KEBsEL, In acknowledging the compliment, said he did not know whether they should meet next year. Sir George Grey had given notice that he should bring in a bill next session to annihilate them. Still he dld not think public business would allow of that BIll being carried, so therefore he had no doubt this would not be the hat time he and his colleagues should come before them. (Hear.) The other members having returned thanks, and the new candidate having expressed his obligations for the honour conferred upon him, and promised to perform hls duties to the best of his ability, A vote of thanks was then passed to Mr. Mortimer for his services. Mr. Coo.,n%S then moved, and Mr. SwINiURNE seconded a vote of thanks to the LordMayor for thomanner in which he always performed his duties, and for his impartial and gentlemanly conduct in the chair, and congratulating his Lordship on his elevation to the dvic chair. Carried with acclamation. The LoRD MAYOR assured the meeting that he felt deeply gratified with the mark of approbation that had been passed. As to the remarks of Mr. Deputy Kebbel, he felt that if there were any changes in the corporation of the city some of them would be great improvements. If the citizens of London took the matter up as one of Interest to themselves no doubt they would have some improvements. In conclusion, he promised them he would watch over the interests of the citizens inhis place in the House when ths question came on fordiscussion. (Hear, hear.) FARRINGDON WITHIN. The wardmote for the election of common councilmen of this ward took place yesterday in the large hall of Christ's Hospital, Benjamin Samuel Phillips, Alderman of the ward, presiding. The following gentlemen were elected :-Mlessrs. Joseph M[orris, John Kelday, H. Y.Blake, Young, Glover, G. R. Bengough, Holt (deputy), Charles Rend, George Virtue, George Dolland, E. Wheeler, C. Phillips, Mtauchian, and ThomaJs Millard. FARRNTGDON WITHOUT. This wardmote was held in the New Court of the Old Bailey, Alderman Sir James Dake ?P., in the chair. The names of the foUowing gentlemen who had been returned by their several precincts were read by the alderman and a show of hands taken upon each :-Mr. J. M. Barnard (deputy), Mr. C. E. Butler, Mr. George Ross, Mr. G. Scamell, Mr. W. T. Bedford, Mr. C. Woollerton, Mr. W. Greshan, MIr. S. F. Laugham, Mr. James Anderton, Mr. R. Williams, Mr. R. Obbard (deputy), Mr. George Walter (Shoe-lane), Mr. T. Cotterell, M. B. Hodgson, and Mr. H J. Liss. Two precincts having returned Mr. Cotterell there were in fact only 15 names returned, independently of that of Mr. Stanborough, whose precinct return was disputed. Te following new candidates were als-o proposed:-Mr. WiUlam Storey, of Fleet-street; Mr. William Lawley, of Farringdon-street; and Mr. Stanborough, of Bartholomewclose. On the show of hands Mr. Storey and Mr. Stanborough were rejected, the other gentlemen being declared elected as common councilmen for th,e ensung year. Mtr. STANBORouoGn said, he should not go to the poll, but would present himself next year. Mr. SToREsYexClaimed,-I have'no desire to associate with the Corporation at the present time, consequently I shall withdraw from the polL (Laughter.) LANGBOURN. This wardmote was held, as usual, at the schools, Limestreet; MIr. Cubitt, M,P., alderman of the ward, presiding. The following gentlemen wore unanimously re-elected: Mr. S. IJnwin (deputy), and Mesar. T. Snelling. E. Howard, X. C. Bache, C. Sully, T. Webber, A. Crosley, and J. Symonds. LIME-STREET. This wardmote took place at the School-houee, St. MaryAxe; the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, in the absence of Alderman Farebrother through continued indisposition, taking the chair. The followig were unanimously re-elected to represent the ward:-Mr. Deputy Cork, Mr. T, B. Simpson, Mr. T. Simonds, and Mr. W. Simpson. PORTSOKEN. The wardmote was held in the Vestry-room, Fountain. court, AlinorIes, for the purpose of electing Common Councilmen and other ward officers. Sir Francis Graham Moon, Bart.., alderman of the ward, presided. The following wvere duly elected:-Messrs. Chrlstle, (deputy), T. C. Hayward, J. Annia, J. Venables, G. Vile, The two latter gentlemen were returned without opposition in the room of Messrs. E. Davies and J. H. Thompson. QUEENIITHE. Thin wsrdmoto took pla" iu the pari"h church of S' Michael, Lower Thames-treet; Mr. Alderman Rose prtEided. The following gentlemen were unanimonly returned.- William Rathbone, Thomas Barrowe;, Georae Rsyment, Thomas EL Saunders, James Terry, and, in the place of Mr. (Copeman, who had resigned, Mr. Todd was chosen to fill up tha vacancy. Mr. Wiliam Rathbone was likewie re. elected deputy for the ensming year. TOWER, This wardmote was held at the Board-rooum, Black Raven. courtr Seethioglane, Towerstreet, Mr. Thomas Quested F:irmus alderman of the ward, presiding. The following gentlemen were unanimoudsl re-elected - Messs George Aithison, I*wrence Kedhead, Thae Sidney Smith, Jamee Cornell, ana William Verry. After so3me routing business Mr. FARIROW moved:- Thatthis wardimote has beard with umnminged satIsfacton that H'r George GreYhbao Intimated bin Intontion of Proeseding in the pr.- manonwt te Bll or he ef.ymalonand government of the oiLy, In the hooe that much chaege3 ma7 hare t40 effect of bringng the crporatio In tto * ts(eIncnoml wit therueenso thtthe Int«ended a lteretiMon may prove loch anl so be mupored .by Thu was cared unanimously. WALBROOK. The following gentlemen were re-elected Common Councilmen :-Mx. Deputy Condor, Mr. Ford Hale, Mr. W. Dawown, Mr. T. Rowley, Mr. H. F, morrell, and Mr. T. H,~ Fry. VINTRY. T's wrardanote took place at the Ward Schools in Brlck. ocbill-lane, Ut hp:ir Thames-street; Mr. Alderman Gabriel The following comnaon aouucUmeu wrere all re-elected . Mz. Deputy Archer, hlr. W, D, White, Mr. T. Sprge Mr. G. Mason, Mr. C. Gammon, and llr. RI. Tress.
IRELAND. (nO3f OUR OWN COBRKSPONDVNDT.1 DUBL]N, MONDAY 3oiRNsG, TEE IRS JUDICAl BENCH. The death yesterday of M1r. Justice Jackson leaves a vacant seat in the Court of Common Pleas. The learned judge had been ailing for a few weeks past, but within the last few days the disease under which he had been suffering took so favourable a turn that his riends and fariay had began to entertain sanguine hopes of his being able ere long to resume his judicial duties. The hopes, however, were vain, and at 4 o'clock yesterday evering he died at his house, near Howth. The following Is from the Freemnan of this morning:- "We are sorry to understand that inteligence reached town at a late hour last evening of the death of this excellent judge, whose health has been so precarious for a long time as to excite the alarm of his nnmerous friends. Fvr severalmonths past this venerable judge has been aficted with a painful iseaso, the nature oE which It is unnecessary to mention. He, however, rallied to 'such an extent lately as to raise a hope, unfortunately Ill-founded, that he would soon be enab!ed to resume his judicial dities. We regret, however, to state that Mr. JuLtice Jackson Is no more, and we may add, a more humane judge never adorned the Erish bench. It Is needless to state that in the earlier part of his coreer,Joseph Devonshire Jackson was a politicianwell-known forthe strength and depth of his Tory principles. He rsa in Parliament for many years as the representative of the borough of Baudon Bridge, and in the House of Commons was oelrbrated rather for the power of his lunge than for the liberality of his sentiments or the eloquence of his language; but on his elevation to the bench all his old preJudices and party feelings were merged, and he dispensed justice with an impartiality and, in its more penal forms, with a clemency which won for him the approbation of alL Durlng the ' Bloody Assizes ' which some years ago marked the administration of the criminal law in the south of Ireland, Mr. Justice Jao.son frequently Interposed between the prisoner and ihe anxiety of jurors to convict. Indeed on everv occasion he exhibited a humane desire to fulfil one of the nighest duties of a judge In undertaking the part of the prioner's advocate. He was not a very profound lawyer, bnt fev men in his time enjoyed so large and so lucrative a practice, particalarly no circult, where be shared the leadership of the Munster bar with the late Mr. George Bennett. Mr. Justice Jackson was not far frem his 80th year, having been called to the bar in the Michaehnas term of 1808. We reed nothere enter into the particulars connected with his earlierlife, but they molt certainly redound to his honour and prove the moral elevation of his character. We shall not now speculate on the vacancy created by his demise. If the Attorney-Qeneral wishes to accept, it is of course at his disposal, hut it is doubtful whether Mfr. Fitzgerald wil take a puisne judgeship. If we suppose a refusal on the part of the Attorney. General, the option of acceptance or rejection wiU devolve on the Solicitor-General; but all who know Mr. Christian are aware that he will not take a common law puisne judgeship. If we assume, then, a refusal by the law officers of the Crown, who will fill the vacancy occasioned by Mr. Justice Jackson's death? Many persons are suggested, but we shall not undertake to paricularize the fortunate individuat" THE GREAT SLANDER TRIAL. The direct examination of the defendant Campion closed in the course of Saturday, and bis cross-examination was proceeded with. After the witness had been smore time in the hands of counsel the following interruption took place:- "The Chief Baron stopped the business, staUng that a communication had been handed to him for one of the jurors. Mr. Willim White, of Marlborough-street. ,Mr. White on receiving the letter stated that he had this morning left his mother very Ill, and that probably this was the notification of her death. " Mr. White having left the box, "Mr. Macdonogh, Q.C., proposed that the eae should be heard with 11 jurors. "Mr. Lynch, Q.C., said he would not consent to any such course being adopted. " Mrdiacdouogh, Q.C.-Oh, thereis avery goodreasonfor t, I asure you, s his Lordship wlpresently see. we have an application in this case, my Lord, to be made in Chamber; will my learned friends on the other side "Mr. Lynch, Q.C.-We certainly will not. There is no notice of this in anyaffidavit. "Mesrs. diacdonogh, Q.C., and Whiteside then went into his Lordship's chamber. The application was stated to be private, and tne nature of It did not transpire. "The Court was adjourned till U o'clock this morDnrg, when the cross-examination of the defendant will be resurned." THE BANX OF IRELAND. The subjoined remarks upon the reeent halfyearly meeting of the Bank of Irelaznd are extrcted from the Trade Report of the Freeman's Tounrz2:- "The report was gratifyig in the extreme. A dividend of 6 eer cent, for the half-year, free of income-tx, was de. clared, leaving 23,0001. to be added to the rest. The latter figures show that the directors could easily have made the some dividend as last half-year, 6i per cent., but, as they cannot hope to escape some bad debts they have followed the more prudent oourse. We rather think we are correct in sayin& that the dividend of 122 per cent., which has been paid in the last year whoUl out of the year's profits, Is the largest earned slnco the establishment of the bank. We think It only doe to the board again to direct attention to their having allowed their own good sense to prevail over long established custom, by dividing the extra earnings in the shape of dividend, instead of dividend and bonns. Of course, our readers are well aware that the holders of interests, or "ch similar trusts, can only receive the dividend, and that bonus is added to capital, although the right of tha holder to have each year's earnings is too manifest for argument. That the Irish hank directors have taken the true mercantile course is to be recorded to their credit, although, perhaps, not knowing what pressure means, they have only a slight conception of the great addition to the comforts, or diminution to the privations, of many a straitened house the apparently immaterial alteration of a word has made. " The statistics in TPTom's Almanac show that the yearly dividends of the Bank were at no time less than 5, per cent., except in 1783-4. when they were 5, and in 192-3 whentheywere27. Froml1800 to 1814 they were 7, 71, and 7.1; from 1814 to 1829 10 per cent., excepting two years snd since 1829 until the last 12 months they have en o, 8i, and 9. Besides these dividends the proprietors at different times have reoeived bonuses amontting to 800,0001. A bonus of o per cent ws paid in January, 1856.
THE NEW BEFOEM BILL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Thero wal one great mistake made in the Reform Bill of 1832, which ought to bs corrected in any new Act that may be passed. The mistake to which I refer is contained in the 14th section and schedule F, which is a list of the counties that were divided. By dividiug theze countles the representation of several of them were placed in the hands of a few large landed propret-ors. West Cumnberland was oiven to Lord Lonsdale, who bad Westmoreland before; North Derby.hire to the Dake of Devonshire; Nox'h Leicestershire to the Duke of Rutland- West Norfolk to Lord Leicester; North Northumberfand to the Duke of Northumberland; North Northamptonshire to a fewv large landcd proprietors ; North Nottinghamshire to two dukes; and West Sussex to the Duke of Richmond andl the WlaLord Espremont. The Act disfranchized several rotten boroughs and made some rotten counties. The couniy of Middlesex, with its 1S,000 electors, had a stronger clalm to be a divided county than any of them (except Lancaeh:re)- but it had not the good fortune to be placed in schednle V. Now, it certainly appears to me that each of these counties ought not any longer to ba divided counties, except perhaps Lancashire and Devonsbire; in all other cases except these two let the division be removed; let them continue to return four members, and allow every elector to have four votes-viz, one foreach offour candidates, thesame as every elector in Berkshire, Bucklnghamshire, Cambridgeshie and the other counties that return three members each, have three votes. I am. Sir, vour obedient servant A a,&U WJiAX FUR THE COIJNrY OF MIDDLESEX.
THB LONDON UA'ADUTSP.AT,RD FOOD COAf. _PANY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. II hav only youry beden the adavit of Colonel Ausin,as eprte inTh Ties f he 6thofthis month. thatyonwil afordme he Pportunity of tal taAdi notdiscunt he blls herealluded to, I am Sir yor obdiet servant. W, ;MUD, o1} Dvj-yara, ve, :4,
SALES BY AUCTION. To 2dusf Pobliehers-The Important Coryright,, Platee and LitDO stones of popular oompoeltions. InclAding nearly the whole of the Works of IdM. Jnl'len. Krenig, &c. 1IIrESSRS. FOSTER are dlreceedto SEL1 by AUC- UJ. TION, at the Gallery, S;, Pasl,-mall, THIS DAY, December 22, at 1 oelock precisely, the valuable *nd very extensive StOC8 of COPYtIGTST, plate., and lithe-stones, the whole of tihe vocal and Instrumental catalogue of Messrs. Ju'lSen and Co., including upwards of 200 workr orranged for fol orchestra, mSilitary. and brh-ar bonda. As regards quantity and popelarity of the works this Ie perhsps the most Important sale of mu'lcal sopynights that has taken place fol mzany jeans. Cetaloguea wlflS he forwaded on applicationl to Meesse. Foster, 54.S Pall-mallI. This Day. - SavUle-row. - ExceUlent modern Fnrnitutre, Chimney glasses, a brllilanSt-tned Semi-Grand Piaooforte by Worenmu, a valuable Theod-lbte and Level (late the property of an officer of engineers), Two Pictureso' meret, P beautiful Model (on alrge woae) of a three-masted Scbooner, and nunierous Mlecellaneous ftemq, pzincipally semvdfrom pivatteAreA encesa aES6SRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS wil SELL LVA by AUOrION.at their great Room THIS DAY (Tuesday), D,a 22. excellent modern ItUENI IUR, conatrsting,tor thedrawingroo,n tabaret and damask window curtains, nofas. coucbes, chaire, tudrlgent ditto, centre and occaslo at tablee, In walunt tree. roerwo-d, and mahog4ny, oabioets in roeswood,baudsosne courmode in king wood, chirnney. glaFoe. In glSt frames Turkt Y, Brusets, and other carpetsr rg fendera and dreo-rons, a brilltanvtoned samitarsad planoforte by Wornum, two picture of merit, Virgin and Child, Cairlo Marratta, and the AsEumDtton of the Virgin, ILe Brun, a valuable theololste, by Gllbsrt, a lentl by the same exceUetnt maker, a large Aed model of an Aszerioan three-mn5ted 84nooner numetous interesting and mrieelianeous items, for the dining room and ltber3r, a et of mahogany cbatr3 In morocco. dinirat tables, with extending frameB, a 6tt. loo dining table. will shiting Ieat, pefeotal sideboard, lfibrary tab'ee and chaira, glazel and ope bookretes; for the hod cha mbe-s, Frenh, fonr poet and Arablan bedstreads in mahogany and irc seasoned be~dirg, chosts of drAwews, waohrtsnde with manblo topa, oberal and toilet glatres., the uis ua reQnlkiteetothe dorne.tlo otboesa andl rretul ffct'. Catalegses may now be had ithe offises of Meersr. Boehworth and Jarvis, BsaviUte rowv. Regente3treet. arnd 19. Orrange-alley, Corahili. Pictures snd Stultes,-By Mer. CHRIISTIE and MANSas. at their Great Room, King-street, St. JameSs0square, on Saturday, January 2, at 1 preooetlyS Dy order of the E:seustrix. DItCTURES aKnd Studiee paiited by W. Etty, R.A, Tuerner, and Mr. GJeorge Franklin. late the property of Mtr. G. IL (. Frerdin, deceased, assistant ot the tato W. Etty, R.A-. also if ty PScs ures f rom the oolieclton of a noblemen, Incl ndio rl pecimens of Forg, tfilexbaud, BredaDl, Dietuich. LocateDLl and Ft. Ialak, and otters from olfferent private co Itc#ons,. May be viewed two days preoedtog, sod catalogutes bad. To Ootton Spinners and othtrB engagei In the manufacture of fibrons subatanoes. R .C0. FURBER will submit to public COUPE- TRITION, wtthout rereive, at the AuctIon guat, Bartholomew. lane, city. To-morrow. Dect. 23, at 12 for 1, the valuable &ndimportaut LETTERS PATENT, which ware granted to C. 7, Kirkman for the Invention of certain improvernents In machinery for spinning and twlitingc 3tton, sLk, behmp, Jc. The bmJzpotnce of this Invention ha been fully aekhowleOged. b emizent maunfacturerms aud offers have been mado for Hlenses: and it is snwgested that those who are ntoer ested in the trde should not neglect the opportunity of making themselves aequainted with the MerIts of this invention. and endeavour to secre the benedts thereof. PArticu'arr, with conditions of sale may be obtained of 5. A. Grestorex, Eeq., sollultcrI I, Chancery-lane and at the auction officee, In Warwick-court. Grayes-Inn, W.O.. whr toe patents rnds pecettsttons may be 'rest. No.2 )Montague-place Peckham, near New Crost-ate. 1R. f(ATCH wlU HELL by AUCTION, on the LYJ. Premises. To-morrow. December 2Id, at 11 preiely, th STOCK In TRAIDE and HOUSEHOtlO FUIN1TURE ft., ot Mr Stochall, retiring from business. Tho stack comprises Berlin wool, s.tatonery, and toys. Among tie furirtore are mahogany, Arabian, and other bedsteads, dir3ing, dressilng, anld circular loo table;, loiregiug and dctwtos,-roo.n batrr. oarjstv, Sioorsioth. an d kitchenx rerrulsiteg On view on Tuaesday, the 216, ana eata logues may he bxad on the pm'F miser'; and of tce snetleocer, 5, Chapter-chambners, ratomernter-row. Harrow (the Woodlands).-Superior Househebo Furniture, be n emi- neat 'Wet-endfirnm. Grand Pianoforte by Broadwood, Clock!, ornamental Items; &o. RW. BEILY will SELL by AUICTION, on the Pre' md. m %be Woodlands, Barrow, To-marrow, December 25. at 1I, vithoat nre. the elegont modern F1JRSXITURH InoltodWn roeewood diwiug roow r lte, dInEg room furnitnre, inclding m1hos ;any table, 12 foet bJ 4 feet 6, ddebod, sarcophagns, IS hr In moroce, eao chairs, dlinnertaggon, study furniture, fumiture of bed rooms, Ieldcing mahogany. wingeil il' and gentlemen's wardoee &G,, fourty-pest and Fench bedsteads, annerier bdctnrI, seee s bed roosanfumulters, aftices orhandsoue- chisD, CUt-alas,, &. itchDen utlbs, pant, and other effects. To be wlwed on Today and snorningh f sale, andeataieneahadont tie premie: ast tre Innest lhegow, WtferO,d Buteye, and liendon; arid >,ps ff 7. MO 'i,iie.t Guovnos(rae Lodos.I PlTl XBEOAD WMEll LrLLAb-AUtOeu o' Kr. PituaA talilder. lolbam at theMal; ce oc = 7AfedO4D8di lOta.-OCAliOo, 8Hrme JC Abbey.woow, KeX, PETER ellnLo o boltBl, ano t~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~a bndt Lome of freeholde land atateat hb-ur, ad t aoly so ilwt e Rln haying impo'nt fio1t0. to tho manadn. too hlala Hoel (lrehaltoa; at th Mar; and atte auctlner'M Besr.-Lesebod Estate, lIttle Albmy-aret nort, Rgne'apa,r benedoidal Los. ot PremIse, 151, Blsbopate.teeet, xada Plicyof Auaoe i r theaon ot Sa0l.-Abeol ale by dition goh. Mfx'PETER BROAD WIMl SELL by AUCTION hOLD HOUtJ aAtle Aib^tret noatb, ts- tbe Intereeistna bemeik% ieaeeof commanding Fremlf:1BahLAjc' eltOsnd! leifof assurance tat the Jom bf MM, on the lu0 at a CO@dltioiio~ uacAgnees, D, Baing-* l~so,Esq. -~w.on-rk bt, epede; andS of ?irst.olammotdi Ho°unee of the vame od nrly £1.000 per annum WestboDu rnepa2k andO npMdcd11, Xenrlagton.-Ateolute Bale, by MB PBBE BWM BELL by AUCTIOlq X ;.Lat~the Mart, To-morrow, Dec 2 at 12 In eIght lots, valuable IQngLASEHOI? ETATZ9S oamprisinrgdive well-budg nt Iclaeo ~rsooebig Nos.91 2, 2I2,-25 and 26, uoilerlaud.terrhcs, Weetbunar,let to highly resepetable tenzant; Ind 10 durO-ala, reti. tol, Oempdlen-hlll.road. Keadlegien, together ot the ,Powll~ompou,andGrom, solicitoms 3, Rssmonjbuil To Tllo MoiereandChadlesQ., -Hoe,W 17, 76in 9 lhar Bdwcl-V~jeh~ Lase.Of extesive Premise, and Plant ot a Tallw, hAnder nd Mlit,-Abol We Blbi direction of the . AR. PETER BROAD wMl SELL by AUCTIONI 4V.Z attsMas, T-morrow, Dec.23d, at 1g,In one 1otthe B& f"EBOAx,tTEl~apIn the LEASE of the.c spadlonsand corn. dM Plt~~s~, Hog 77.., and 19, Hlgh-8trLet, Shadwell, and WoHnas I th rer,held fir lonI terms at nomInal rental s,oge~ the wih te vlualeplat ad fxtuesof a tallow cabndler and melter. Mybeviewd. Particulars oMeem. Reed,Lsngfrd,and MeI~~jo~ Than.easteeet; at the Mait dof the auode Uon5ee~ 6 oulr. Gtl gent urniure,handome Cabinets BikCutis,Paofre be Beodwod nd the mker, GUrixls, GlGasses PlAted Ware and MR. PHILLIPS WillS A at hi, DAY d t follow6 a PntreoBemblvuaoe banome roIm wRBndow L:; richly o d oforich silk currlne for three W sid w - ntu o of t ood ~~~~~OT Or' 5 6 by 1u Sh and otcaser tabloes,ad dhan,w chimney pireryandcnslgase MM ansesaeebuoald moaoyered vet-lvt bytook 6, andsm weatv biesadtbe OOnlocks, Tundelara op.an Azbro. tand mAb l sne bel gUlaHostel, d cacks tu ni dnogably o batru `odlmefuiebnaone ith ovan mdaoSit beou stuffed bas anewdother chairs,enclosted awne. waggnd Trkuey and atsrlor o androose Iace nd Othe bdstead, singl,Fand oubl wadrble , wahFi..Gtands dreiGt tabl., tiletand heva glases,desinedinmahoyglany,west and74 reoauis, andglass s ad oee eUffets, aybe viwe te ayprceinRte eelD and caELoLe a at hr. Phiollpe e and ia rrours edof Iwehold mhayte i This Dankr 3took.rPnteioortes,en okinm and Wey chalnut bnet. K la door, a Pai= ob oble hgins erauygsea2 Turkey, an ,~ockrMeta fnpo andjna' hp igtrn et n Eduest,," muiefe eT n MB ESSS H.MARTIN will SELL by AUCTION,ot Gro. 2boronat-sret.Lmeee Om the Nme-uthe THISDA, trnee rsetv° t ndowtsanc, sets °of< alnutand mahogan chaisu in cbtnomo anof saelothcoduechesdent ahere,d oldoyt chaoo e match:, sevsn-fett mhgle 1caao£banyIdbady. books. otineeSre,, seta o teilee 49. nnytrbosteet ib om Wdit mdah and meewood mo cAYd. Doa., and DFtancy dhe oitta hnmzueclaoDes Brluels, ZUe- : atnda otherl careGs fedr and b2dre-lD°rnus.mlieranyw four-p Arabian, bd laroned . Gr rench,, daindIroon bedetead t bdd I ng, wdrbelLs tow drwcs61Dl, m arbetuop ahtaloo anrd hdressingDD toables, bedt roomappe dae, a wro.-efeoa Maybe ieed,andcaalohegue. had. tCrcuaIn.WgIlthsbrDec.vt,. Pancy Ba at tlofeoyrniur 6n thed MESSESD La~Mnd, adptd foIbLOAdT wanl SareLL wnt,atk 912-tm, the a"bovle eil-onecaedInoefthhgbi and mode IRR,aso htoc o wituagpaons,, thenvelao valent-itenso tpris mhase, ulo.a incyalmeatt, and thed bouseho cuaritot, On b.b w h moyrnig of at anyte an Datue nroet. lans at Loea ' ofre, 8.Canofcer 1y -elob. ToOnand o C x.Wolo hna nargl t iale,-atthok inOu o tre Brot, and Clearanceale,b 14.Koorder &zoltheep ldoretor relnisin the Porbo- MR. GS. H.l:an MARTINM wale SELLue byACvO,a athbor Boodpec ly nealt th lace of steleaove EFFECT Tnle mTIhe onItale, Hotelegueh, had on th aT n ot C theao ateer9, netreet, foB6lmev. s k i ke4 BU FurnitrureDElarge sOiltePaine1 oet. gb .Pdbyn and nuialko tnalmenitueDealer LL,tIof th onlathe Prmiyrs, Id ofh-teet,an otim rtiog.I or tiulasantity d tof m sce ofaneo mayEOL bbdofUMrNIwE. e cham e,andfth sittingros, andvaiu effects On iewteda w cedngan morIn of sale. Clateofaloges. ntepe,lcro . I"chm ow-LB r L WIS Ewill INiEL I at the 'Houste,t25 tree Inn, WLt, TomtorrT-mrow,,h Dec BOOK, natudor6ing thyes Bdeveing,tin I leotias, 3Tl. ; un w neT ,IVl. .32 purose,sinao ne'ara thleuch h lonitsure within Can easy15 woa.k orbooo, .La*rlort esuturti Cand in one vof .lthea hilohesandrmost holeablth statiofnsuIth vlage.le-nts oflnr Danel purchaporse-n, .v) Hayrnemi on th oSriturae, at fvels peren.,tberpibyne taedof r Whe PE,mWslTo-ghmorrat tWednioso heBlhLn neihburhod anToth plac Tfew le Frehol Buldig lnd n arftordKet lit TION, at teRlHoe,DtodonThrsday P Jpa.Inuary 14t, at or6oLOc ntee~I ANoth,vauabler sREEHOL BOYLinsb rorad ,OE itae toh; e town9of yeetro, Nin-tnth o tA pucaemne a oainomorktge oOcuati£5npe cet onb eeb ieana insalmnt,bt th e wholsteorany street o C.ioeand3at the placetofele MicUuoa ookus, SCTCERI wil SELL, bt hUCIs ON, 125,h -t,c6 8 To-moha~rrow, cthey1, TOmOKr, Dncluding 23S trp foccl tesIsIa etirem8 ocbl vole. T ureum ofoa ly1unEmLE 2 col., lard,Soidart'sOhronidbs, 2vges, aldothrlminentIaes, 2iyn,, enleman's Maguin, 1o1evoie.ud re'egandyaler's haminiaumseoncrltinhCase~, &5 Cqunctoity omaneual plaurcoloy ured, Koenig,. Rura Borts be vole., thoreo th- ewBr Ldmotrne,ng ofsle,o.CtaoesWtthrom;t Ho. 3;r 3,t C Wedsbeuitnpaee elrv-qae OD u~ ilSELL by AUJCTION, Preise,TO-morrow tWeodnesma t 1,Pabot ie ots on good ueful QRHIIJRT%gin,esteands bed ding, chairst, wingedsua ~heC do,To b vie ed t is d y, aDuclee,arded medbirtel Auctio offie, 3.RothI-terrc, oflgraveg-sbuac, Ho- east Ini-ra. l Learhod mptote. t oHNBELL wby SELL,N onto-oroht2eo DY o'cloc2. at the aterloo er,Guheatladtre,Ppa,itwlt, NTWO D andq EF OUS.~ In maoand 2Nrhmeln-tet te.d0: tceofm edse;and a thedd ar road ~nero,J.ra g,uroom rew'sod fices.1,Csu-ee Banrup's,Btcir-laofo,crde, Handrmsoriual n te ui Inste, ruments., kT.ARooms,l& Fuadrni.turet,cy, To-eorro, Deebre2.a 1 fr 2 te etir SCOC wi thiutAns of ar£tBicle RR om~s lard StodurtBrodbrlge, amid o ther minun aes neeatw nut rsewod an mhoany 1oaseA, arrmou Instruoctedtn g by thedatrer nd ornng flale,Mr Cataoguehaat t the rooms bAUTOf merstret Caendshsqratie.trs-e n rie-tekTI Sal onTtmrrdy elyxth-nI me lDtAntSeeOCKg of capIOitaleeu.% hand3urrItur. Picoloand ottae Pino!oiee,a gmllt.uantid of lat, Pate ArIcls,Chia, las, 1 cae-sof brand,kant tablee,trlpods%oabinets,ior.m~niugilttcandela6bra bre6eches, candlesticks, marbige.. enamels, mluat,e.,.a oltlection of speculative pictures, may, In carved trames, together writh a large and well selected assortmnixt of objeot of an InterestVng eharacter. O view until time of sle, and catalogues to he hb d at the coronw. nTh-mredyrowI~edning,W voenmingutto,I the minuter,a ushldaraA- oit re.. Books, en idBchli s Effects, removed fro ec eoye d I SRSES, J1wES and BON il SELL by ,LYkUCTIN, a tho Gret Roms,Lelostersteet ad Princesstree hTo-da; oevsnin, at6 pcely, mo USEm HOLDUlEttTUr, To, hoveir, etoah, bedov oing'ura cai,taloes, ha A at A.0 t.,lrud ctcheucd. sAeblge poperbtl. on clawt and atd ff01 varate esienes, hos,mdinWrisgaAned MESSS. wOlE anLL byOHTi! AU I SEN LL by dree Tureoseening a6, ex elllent modem at1OUSEO to-morrow. To Iewle. to-ouwg ornd andcatages Behad a the rovoms.erorrtr z r Both E*bon. Mone &-Iox,. No. ob,le moPOau hgeutleh e And 'OollAmao optal a M R. BARN LWill SELL b UTO saoe BLAEoffin PAN?IPrSitcharding ande L.Andcae P eo" Andrew, C. Dteb]t. Greuee r P. ron s. On iewtil tme f ale Cateilbene as, 9r.Wni, AMoney at tION. on Me ?zebs THI DAY, I valuable of .rcbl UiNtb oa zl BUS 203um, bri e be fairly be OM= * by A LEB C11; = , = TH b ogAY,b re it Is atdeedove a ventforbtib , d c MaenO fsotued.13rtrCoD,ktci U exubtay . xna wathe wemba Onoe fad c f the hremlaw.- Fahd, te allee.. rvI-ia.s..n, PoranywHonte, Groeirodh -%V%e&rlA oo*tt theB ry i mogyady ancd rosfwthe, Id modean, S.lers ,ure,Inum. a1teM;vo , lt SOWDON W;l1aSE by an leta rd eftG rAdAo20, diaor W&Uftr, Wt of mm3 01 XD2dv Deedbl of dAr Kents, aAd.-QStock i oae lQf Fani Mp yRoSW GwEqet Dd er Ncte 18notgsa rnzs al so the well-ade Gbree COW t. wardrbed, ob asoent ofo tebsie, abtel cdets th weUsnaes, aunidr forXI thVe drawing, dinl, dn itn ors 1tit f~t ther, umalnut, roe,d stook , er sali i soi, er;barg scehine u etheyanr Items ota be ceard, the mboke, ofaee Work andcU vlewad day,,nue waporioratots ioa o robo obtined~~~t ontb pema and *tteorbnegoaMa6 bkb byACTO lat te sHen ne bl 13oe aN4ma1t gancefforatl, nauteriet tbeoe, an s-dfe cabi. an lFoe Ean tatd e,rc brnzs;aleto the well-ma85Nde ehyanshe lirullere, onipecn 23i*ee wacobes,istin t of Dwll'b-wer, Pmabie tpwssad, rwn ale ande sxaend ot h oe d e ri lots oC comspe and sesorndosndockl , hand lbcy fttt the n t k tale r of htered s;ock,hMcu ftngs,a n eo us efeo d. b viewd day princt-oand mernin of marle, maciegiaioses, audoth,W Eftenso, Faq. s*dollbhetetor, 13, edfor row on wtRi rem teeos3eMrn Zdw.. mey, 87, hUL-Sernulne: anoood FunlleuGree aud Boez for dnrserveadSAl,to els dacs o ihte00 ne theTrusW6tee. tof iEr.ionGdstofL.jtbac,A ROBIN LEC D1:Wil SE1LL byj.UorlON, O~ ,feam thePdeon ,,i d Pia °a.tgoi,tgede, f fonio beot. et 3, Int.. atif, doe ldg tabelee,VIbgany, MO rquaoit too o3lx cllui BElr , an hlneir tomsuit rivade renyea, Onell on w DM the aockn of sae,D ad sWATlOlt,heb mofecdotoe foe latb gbuetls, candleoUe is ma few los oB Wines, Cognac an nC [queurso. mataloge ar Abrbsntbrob, a ., roo 8ttamWtnnnt .bda loe, Baes-ae;ad byesm. Rob bL' ofets PiaeotIn roet bimondb stmuds.oald entbe. remd o t ropert e i enenleu 1IAESSR8. W. aIGnd C o.OUI r direte toI b AUCga £Y.&by AOTN.oNt a2t nR°thHaand ChickOensp=to Hotel,newebst IIBIrigm, Int'l lotsAaba, prosnrto an Orer ofther Highead ~sito Cha~~nginedn tompaete, caLuseo "Canld , 1uerchto, adr consising o DwellogV sses ublIc-toses,Ret-lC Stom, Maslnualn4t toroes,and ther Si plerga)R,at nd£ SONWM stet.and bookcente-plaes, In crevss, arfts d ter the deth faadj, pa thgle 6brgre hSg ecr age, ndsbject t sumleases,of hihdetas nonun texpreLjactlonrouwls aond^ coditionsofsale willWrblinueoha, iNo, 14eet, deu tet- T5of bew 6hosWaud atuea. Iend £o- te" M' ESSRS. DBRENOlTS , B J1~, anELLdAFaSON PR gt rSLh, at their Roo e, KIn o-ty, ven SS,TS Da Y shrtsat!F bvracelets *t d t a g bsnrl oothent otl6te, ncopbum d Dfel, act elr, t,0d ATCHgt, c tieaandicofees,serae,tankara" buttesb at, dsee of son a f cst . >E J.C. a STEibS a BiLL by eACTIOe -asit OJa nr tVafew. ffee Goode, Cotrohllljur, and1 Eff, ectsb. Y hlJsLT amtthI Room. 3, King-street, Covent,garden Ts-mrrow e 1S, at tU, awtarb obalf f tbe lomSee, ts t CeIGNbT of km LelatY sodicng Tc loths,pde, simk satinsr lets,blnc, Benthlina- Ew, Jfel, P ndet, cPlataeand Waelocke, and Dwatcers, nuer day deDe.e2; bolto GO anon n ed term ot SW6 y fdtdom ofMe b tembienr oke, singe-stoned atnh ofluk blrtiLKante yinedonW, shirt std,, acelale an oketftges braoches, earoUnt, an otere nba wenAt, et wi th preofsa tmones, tole chaInSe, sivrpate "andwy plAate arty-cles,2ante anid caraeD ocks, Jntimepics anldu othe va rlUnablesn PieCoos., See, Cott from Calllorrle a vSt Setandpated E c.s and oh SLTTO ENS will 1 SEL L byAUTII , Malnut loom, C3e1nete , Ing-tsrett, CenT-tmgaren,e-mrlro,, aCbouowinng3 TOCK a fZrvioa, 1S>odlo tend iln on:r Aewnen snd trlads Oazaea petinma c sabineand aoe, Benth 6 jtom anaJe ire, a tuweroulta ind flentuotla a view,juniper o- lan to- LEWon begayof3 also he0 stndr ieofthe bs e~~~~~~~D sno trS b ;r d ti, ev R.t vt kiALFE DAY begs to mxch bxdo-ne that h^, will^ M BELL ocv ATIOll, ELefbon y AeUCTION, a dtte nibxton ,m Bulkentoam,rohre, dnest hinbI To-mrrow EvIn BngY Doeme. 2 at 5, the follwin SeterC bconserst of bi rfeodee, 1h0Is aino Eneglron. thsvln romNTIE ntc3 pddvytor S ntth Arabianr inWA Iron bedl A vars, pan land itteEb s, cathernbe udbelasndg, sevrblegao wovbeetandx afd twIoutaof useule furnurwe,tOnuleobean c stalogen radtior-gloresn day ofsa . dahwc6nesa ls e. arbe to eeff J Lcdapane-gData back. hboleavy ominn, a-d owherntbi D II-to =abo `s BLT ouhe UCIN,o oo ns p Premre eeeWhi 1. LeIhtona,illas. BuOkemaba-irood, ne kFitobla rond.te, aeInvdother IMDecer2 atn. Ca,aloguot hes5, nthby order o f b se andofth, hW1or is lea ving Enlan d the T ,P, cog pricsng m ogn y Ara bi^n and rn bed steeds, clean " m ati eeec, prgim fk eatheoresi and bh eding , mvstex-tonwetnr aoilaet tbles, cet vo awe tobl chim nuoe a plate-glass ack,Mahogany lee,dn, andS otter atalefo, sI tso aordro Lbo Trucstee mder an adegnm andothe POLIONofs On TUlE. Ctlogue hFFCd onuthmpemites, and oe xthealourtvlner City-reobd, ne Dnthe DEagles,Tavn. tM.dwo' fi l E!ortland,HoELF,,Grend2h, Moneatey oproste Eh Rala0tain. ooenuinewetl-ad ouhand.modPpragenrH , Buritdereand Houae Aonti MR. H. IOWDORNAU will SELL by AUCTION,or on ilthe Premises, a.ab1 THleyDAY,ee aTo-m orr12w, rDer- of-a 1,wtheoTust esunerre ane aSsigNDeth PORTION of thereaninglrge. and eola EFETSnuerte in ah caaate aloguer wic may beu Obaenelo conterireasses, anDerat Mr. chwdnoks, eblics ,omesatin,.pulo ane Od Kent-road st&meef an 2,moorgsa ftegsre, widwBlss C. alb r St.d egzo's-cuoads, bew Ee ntarba.-e mnteel Houesehl aondthewae effectoof s, D"b Pla e, Mand Rbts,de (NHARLES PUG will SBELL by AUCTION, ors GherendPinoss I, t ere'-od o-orw(en oesdy, fureitre, with nuerellent eddig, rmhogany o heet ofdawers,nc ohesal-, TION,usfu.patte,afew booms, cuInaxfry utensil, nearh machintret, oTaIne onY the prmIes andt. at 1o'lc,the suuponer'eofes,, mBlaera F-N1; sired, orpWgArba3 oSotEn.ohibdeas i hanlei-sbeet, gSou mpwere,- Paperh anges pulndroers, oe dAwentaj' and Laothers,de UE,F wil SELL by AUCTION, comrisngsuprio msasn focs, andoI stin, pbarlouts andZ and roun colurs,truoes, arbl manelr iece, and otherusual HPort Iclc-hilLd. oenuin-edroseold Lunitur Lanod Efects,p B,HARLESXANDER wi SELL by AUCTION,;.1 .131 ath Prerutaes, Nb0, Proavoust radil,AdelISDe-roa, To-meratrw2 Des.13, antwo12,t by orTerIof matresss beds,ntatdbedding, setor teretopeminiJngtbes, mThOgany suLand l rosewod uintals chELirsG, larOUS cse-lasced U.Charpet,fndters,lroe-IcEns cinch,od wiplndw cutin,bokcare,picturle, eandkttca henmoreralte renMayob view3edr Superor mdern urniure,Drawig-rom pSutes Inarsuerbodand walnt, randPiaofote b Jiedwod,61 a bieatPifno Inlne.- M SR. . L WISKIegst andouce.wl SeL by lntAUCt t -2ILL y UTION, at terRms169, Oxfoed-slreet, neadorsDuke-stNeew TLl aDAT, treet clid TInSt,a 1.DoAYck the enpec.r moer atW,te rerhalangng, eddRIngcoplte ndVingEdanoldplinwaootldrbe,dawenrsD.- washst.da lcesoogozl tables, grche, fo.,e fitsedwod wtalnut,and ma-- banc toabe, supebrl iaorrned pianoby Bvroadwoodt pi ecottagestpI aroItabes, mqee bookae,sies ofdcurabinet, Brlseel aind tter arpnuetrouant lania. Iay h vieed Mndagand ornngosae Cataoge had No.13. ldergat-etret.-To ileShond Leather Tr Lande. aids ca aenotral assotmento, leathera, i mopt bIttfiand efal bo t b rond sadeai.cl tfe orco ae n te c fgoorO - a ihoue and shop 9, Barbican, and seven cottagee in the isaj a leassnold pToperty In Salisbury-oeecent, Old Kent-road, snd 17 cotlages; two sbope s and two detached oottagef, a freebolI plot ot d-nis In Bantozkstreet Grenwich. and four plots of freehold ditto satw=od green, Coch-end: ,also a life policy for £100 In the Sun Fire-offoe. .Uay boviewed. and particulars had at G,rraway's: o: E. Broughton. Eeq., solicitor, F.lcou-sruare. Aldersgate-street; and of the auctIcneers, 7 Chelteibam-pl,lso.e Wettmniurterro. hbs Evening, Ta -Eda. Deo. 22. at hlfpast 6- pital Furnlture and numereus Effects removed from m .ons private residences' also a small quantity of tennlne Perfornes, bF Bnmmel, Hendroe Dat otters. hA ESSRS. W. and F. C. BONHAM will SELL by ljJ. AUOTION, at their large Roonmts 19, Msrylebone-rtreet, Itegent'-Meadrant, TalE EVENING, Dec 21, at half-past G. caplt4t H(USRHOLD FURXITUREIR &a.,ct oosting of mahogany. loo, dining. oiastonal. and f-scy table; sests of chaIr, couches. and eawy chairs In damseal, morocco, and haircloth: large Brussels, Biddermlnster. and tepestry carpet and rumgs, fenders, cheffonier, sidebo wardrobe, chilmne aud tol laeFeF mahogany and iron Arabiau sa& trenchbedste, feather Up, blankets, marble-top mahogaDy and' washstandr, chetst of drawer,,, sofas, sofa bdateads, window curtains. ngravings, capitalt table glas and cutlery, plated items, kitchrn uten. ills, snd various niscellanies. On view, and os3alogues as above. Notice- leo on Thursday evening next, in oounseqerce of Ohrirtmans Day, ccaItal modern Household uFnrult,re. Irn safe, go. No. 74, Baker-street, Portman-square.-Capital HourEtold Pnrnitzze and 13ffecla, To-morrow, Do',. 2, ot 12 for I precisely, AESSRS. NV. and F. C. BONHAM have receives Ms. intstit3 from Mr. Boubet to SELLf by AUOCION, on the. l'remIres as above. To-morrow. Des, S. at 12 for 1, the wbole or the caPital HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and eFEO , oos0othig Ot manhogan y, iron, I apan?1ed, Arabian, sad French bedsteads, fettetr beds, blankets, capita linen chests os drawers, mahogany rarb'e-toetdjapannedwst,tands, tolt and csl glass, argeBasuil a Nlddermnster e rpcts and rugs, fender; a "or walnut woodoraw. log roosseet of tsnitture,an&ceeffoiler wrtth7late-glass=ckandd'oo, lee table, whatrot, work ad oocadonal tables, fancy ditt, six chai, lounge, and two oerpy chase in green velet chimney glasslgiran-. dle, curtins, a 6 roewood cottage pianoforte, capital mb dining roomn tsrnitusre in moroco.> set of dining tables, sldeb,j chelfonter, a 2'3-St L mhogany-$top ounter, a quanDtity tt o ?roew d oar, and bonnet stands, capitli table lss, cutlery, pltsed Items, orna. mens, mahfogan gl6azed souae glare shades an larnds, ad n memo,a mcellaneons requisites. On viewr ti?llne of sae. Cablegumes hdZ Olt the prmi? ; and of the aitlomees 19, Maybboo street, Eegen's.,uadc nt.
