BIRTHS. Mr. flenry MaDyors, of a Elni-teerace, West Bronpton, tho wife o: On°w theR 27th August., ata>£ettcK Iione W..shgtnn, Susex, the wife on th 28b,ogbth August, at thbCosfec. 8sa1lsbar,, &frs. vEr,lelg1s Wgrulham On he 8thnI, a Crnc-huI HornesY, Mms A. IL Llndgren, o, twine, r. eon and daughter. y ,E Ago,o 9Othe 2 j30thnit., at 27, Blo°°uj% 1rysqnaroe the wife of Mr. Samul On the 31st August, at 8urbitoa-hill, the wife of John Bowma, EEq., ot a eon. On the 3lat nit., at the house of her fther, Yate Lawn, Glom0oesr. ihire, Lucy, witf of Frederlek: &Z~gent 4,1IA~. of Paso, of a son. On the 31st .ugsu, at Bxrues, Surrey, the wife of Llent.-Colouel Simmons, C, B.. of a daughter. On the 31at Aguznt, at the tectory, Longsdgh, the wife of the By.. J. P. IitonIrn, 4A.A, ot a son. On the 31st August, at 16, Welheeh.etreet, t aveadiah.sjuare tho % ife of Mli. WV. Aspinwall. of a son. On Tuesday, the let inst.. At St. slangaret's, Roeheetor, the wife oft the Rev. Roberh; WhtgI3n. of a daughter. On tboe 1Aluat Itthe wife of Francis EL Perkini, req., ot Gamnant, Carrnarthenthire, of a bon. Onx ' the let naot,, at the Oedara, Batter*oa, Mr. Wilaum G. Baker, of a daughter. On the lat Inst., at 2. HamAlton-teorrace west, llbw-eroee, the wife of AL-. William Philltppt, chyrmf, of a son. On the Lut Inst., at auchescer aoin se Dryton, Somerset, the wife of J ehn Luoue, lfeq., of a eon. On the 24 lnst., at the residence of her fAther, EFeiss Mlaz, Esq- 12, PortUsnd.place, the wife of Wtisa3um I.teloud fllaekrsu ne1r e Esq., ot a Son]. On the 2.1 inst.. at 16, Siontattue-aquare. the wife of Edmoxnd C. Maztslott, Re's.. of a eon. On the 24 . at Orafton-houw, Cambritge, the wife of the Rev. Sparks I.M~esi~, ot a Lou.
MAIRRIAGES. On W t the E S a ughte at theiaosth,hy the Rev. .th Rep. oldest d.iughtr of Ur. tlej.. lot royrl ur R0e;i. to Mabttit Etmil,eteot dagtro Juc ft.Sq, laeof Cdo-tercen, wexe, Osneet, B 2 huord-row, to BO chbr, b th e er v. O 6 b yleye-str, e t,rav..e -eEdi'l>i-6qua ;swrej ,u re e On the le icq. at, St. Hsy&bo, _elntn by the r .W Holer, RJ. tiorill .,daneter f ry. te W. third aughter oo Etq. oft HCat2ed,In thetua cooit of to ctrk. Eetr On the l0th Agut., at Vatsepaia chuici S.Mrchl enboxin, byohei urev. E.dHwin Abbottlnesn, of e.rchester zVaL'er S~ioat square.,t iubt On uey the lBttlos t., at 8 JohCrwN atew Cuch.b h Rv r Antrews, Mdfrd.rW,belY tofReehe Alebneucr, of 0, Vere'-rtrct, C ton sqebcuare, St. enrSor On Thedlyt tho1a nt., at St aybt'e~ Indeendelntn by tpel Rifeyhmo. Surre. bita HRevan. Joant Coxmty. Ho Laly, tsrond sodughotero teo Parryll, Feq., Of crlpentCat , to Elcar eth Bunn e ad eldest i,d dai~ghj of EW"iJ Lbbot, e, of ptaosurceste Ilace I,do orsuae on the let icEt., at It. anbree New chuc.bhheRv v Jamdeswe, Mr.l Wlbberley, ofA1r, asa"biy ',t,o Ret. holeycVereo., Jane TVueray, thwe lbt, at th wrnderndet-w,'1dl Chappel, ithon unch , biothe Au ev.a acond Cdaughtenry a,c o of OnmuIEwrdleuyBa=ftoi, Esq., of lereflall tu tSt, acy liunei,t.b tel Rv ta On the lst iust., at lianbuary's CJhuc,toneterere by the Rev.Edwar Wanlker M.A.lIam owe Claude Websitera t-law, Middle Temple, toq har ott ATeusta Pmboeshond dauGherof9tmelate-5UA EdArdn Hem0,y UUeetcrofgt. eqr of Setgeedr ai, E.,lu toe ozc Bath.cy Onu the let iuct., at St, blacry's Chrchso-gur, by the Rev. ila Ra.f bineto, berp,tual Ur,te oWillianmtChild. AI.ex and tML i. by xthe thirdge exon d ouetw of Tlomsalaen iuetle, itr.. ou Chleul,ck.etq, ofvemi. 1ail,h.eoudey,Het, to len duhi aro Jan( ce o atton, S-uher. of tpperlt WtObimi-Chld are,TQC RLetok-eqLuare. On the let iuiet., at St. Geary.'e Cheteh, amo, aRev.ofenrby,Wbemorkehre, roe-or ofs Midmklx e Temple Seq.,e Pi,ehteric ofBoee u lryc,t SEq., lfate d Herdo.,etle. Y yraWrie ede" son ofthelt leat., atur St ary'tsq, BraeofN.ewnr,by thek Rev.an College, OxorD, yaumgeeeeo of W siusel t'freebo Oh3J,S., of Wgatoodt RobertChild,Ecet.,of ltu.mSll.iuaeo Johanna. only ~~~~~~~daughter of iiu altl,Sc,o iatop In the tome county. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Etnts On th 3d out.,met enmEotmmn Benn Thoas Bigge, eldett con of Mr. age ofWlupo:.errer toCamlll, ,rceddughter ot teo litto
DEATHS. On o- about thie 2lxt Jurea lart, at Ailsimbbad. In lids SOthoar, of tholec, afte-r a very 'ort iUneass deeply tnentd, Xeglna1dZ4aviU, IdanWtol, Civi Esgir-reir second survivsug sos, af the Inte flr, YManteU. OnItbo 25th July. on board the Indu, psro.obhing Gibraltar, Joht I). loetray, EsAq., cf WVinolor, l3Uolr, Son 'of ;ho late DaslidL)oalua;, Esg., of .sIgberth. neary Lsrerpoul. On the Sth Aust. at Madeira enAereor Lysl. eoldest see of James t,ysl, Seq., Earr,oak Haouze, La.narssrers 7Onx the llth tuguat, necar Ohristions, Nonvrwy, Mfatthew Charlrt: orceue, Eeuq. eldest ran of the *eta Matthew -Foreese ne FAqr,, ogwed 45. On the 12th Aerust, on3 bated If. 7t. S.Orion ou the voyage frow Halifax, of yRelow fever, Alexasstr. aed, sixth eiyving son et Andrew o onnatyno', 'EI., of hilhoogh. On the 20th Auut, at Oiutrv, etust Piot. Baeerm Van Aeras!n 'HeSyerer Van Vorbol, MinIster if the tneetheiand to Hi hiajsety the ing of Portugal, 2ehd 39. cve. v5t he. I t qeuauver a cuss 11.Witar Ss.,of Latlgtoo-hulli. rn,a MU?. On Sunday, the Id Angut.7t at Sit. Leocard's.ontnea, Jane Mdno, Widow ef.toe late Colonel tei. Akuixro, -tB. I.c.S. On the 2ath August, at the hoses Of hig sister, V77, WInmpoleErseat. Stratford. D4ucKs. _ . - - - . On the 28th August, In Ioalt kDdlnlfa oo, Clifton, dirzabeth Atl;erton. the lbat survivin g daughtr of the late Hihshrd Atherton, Seq., of retomn, wicnaslare, in thef*lth year of her Laes. On the 21th August. at stas, neat Iandwich,-Kent, Thornar Minter TOa ts Seq., in the 7nth rae of his age. On Sturday, the 2ith Aeqart, at 222, bu seakfrexttroad, Ant, the bo' lOved wif ol 3r. Henry At pstter, In her 6o yeanr, ter a beloog Winess On the 291th August,l oreonee hHugeuis, infant daughter of ewi Wealf, Seq.. of Thoruhery Park, Stuse Nessjgtoueoomonp, hiddlesex, arid of Ferr' BIndre, Torkslaro, aged aloe mouths. On the 211th August, At her e,zeid-seec Maids Vale, Edpeware-road. Mary Atnn, vuidow of the late Watlasa Wwiar frlithell, daita of Walt brook, lbondoo, agon , 74, On the 12th alt., llxam,den, the Infant sonb of the Rev. J. H. Gulrnya sustor of tim. Ma0~'s. Mr.rssoano, On the 30th nIt., at thers.sldenee of WiUllaorBeagram, Es~q at Warmnitostr. the Rter. V. U3.1R. Festing, M.a., vasar: of Sit. Paul, (5rnwaill and bneurnseut of WlitI-arn Friary, Sotmerset. son of tho late Captain Henry Festlug, UKN. On SuindAy. the 38ta A-ugusk-it B3oulogse-smsr-Mfer, frIay Charlotlo, daughter of the late Will'i-a LUsury Savage, Eseq., Of Cower-street, Bedford-square. Londen, aged 60. On the 31st milf., at 11, Charlotte-square, Zidibohrgb, ilaess Macbean, Seq. , IV.S. On tho 31st August, one month after her birth, Emily Sarah, Infant daught,er of Henury bHawley, Enj , of Cower-sorest. On thLe 1st int,. at Gresieseoud, aged 74, slabn M'iller, Esq., of HeLlo way, formerly of Cllfon, 'sAoeotershfre. Ou Tuesday, the let test., at his residauso In Nssieb, Anithony * Hudson, Seq., booker, aged 75. On the lst inst., at Stoe) Nlowlngton, Ida.- Janec, the beloved wIfe of Mar. Ceo. Singer, agwlddI, On the let lInst.. at Nitalvern Wells, FransoeeStoddact, aged 28 years wile Of F"leetwood *tsllesr %ilaon, ESq. mnesehant, of tioGe-ya.rd,. -Lombhard-trteot, London, anud formerly of JSana, inwtho Brazdl. On the 1st Inst., oLgad It dlays, at -Mt. Cleorgs's Vicarage, Wolverhamap ton. N1sl Hi. 1.. Campbell1. fcnsen sos of the flee. ColiaCamnpboll, and~ grandson of the Late Arehubald Camopbell, jfeq., of .Loehnljm, Argyleshire.
CONTRACT for WINE, 'DEPARTMENTr Of the OMet'ROLLER for VIcq21ALLING and TRANSP'ORT SERVICOS Somerset Rouse, 26th Augtust 18957. TrrEe Comminssioaers fOr EXecuting tho Office of - I onrd r. Admairal of the United Kingdo'm of Groat Britten ardIrln boereby give notice, that out Thuxtday. the 10th Steptemuber next, at half-past I o'rleec thsy will be ready to treat with surb rersons "5may be willng to CONTRItOT for SUPPLY. ING and DELIVERING in'o Her Maitst?'a victuaiUng Stores at Dleptford, 1,010 gallos& WINE (PORT). iii be delivered inlthres weeks or earlier, it preferred by the party tendering. Tenders rcrsy be madle for the whole or any portion of the wine. Tbeir LorA chips reserve to themselves the power. when the ten 'era are Opened. of contracting eitherfor the whole or for isnh part thlereof ouly as they may deelu fit, or for a greater qutantito, or of not contract..I itre ior any, and also an unlimited power of selection. The seine to be exempted ir. m the Customsa' duties, and parblen tenudering are to state whoro it Is lIvng. Samples of the wine in pints rem ear car * mut be Proineed hY the parties tendering, snoc not samnpiee only for each import mark. The canmples produneod by pesos whose lend- me re not accpted are Muqested tobe token away bythem issediately afterthe contracthbar been decided. No tender will be received unlesls made on the printed form provided for the purpose, and which tray be obtained on aPplication at the esd office, or to Commander llrvis5 conducting the packet service at LIverPool. or the Collector of Ctutoms at BriatoL The conditions of the revised 00,,trsct, to whicha partirula attentihn in talled. may be reco at the said office and at Liverpool and B3ristoL No tenider will be received after half-past 1 o'clecec on theday of treaty, and it will nut be requnited that the marty tendering. or sai agent on hli behalf. rh-nuld attend at thxe office on the day of contract, an the reault of the offer received from each rerson will be communicated to him and bin proposed sureties In wvriting. Every tender must be addressed to the Secretary of the Admniralty and hear in the leftl-hand corner the words3 " Tender for Wine," and musat al,,o l's delivered at Somernet-bonee. CONTRATIcRM DEPARTMENTof ieCIP OLER for VICTUA.LLING and TRANSPOTSIVC,Smre-os,Ag 0 PT'HE Com isinr fo Exctg th Ofce f .1. Lorsl 1gh Admairal of the Unite ingo fGetB i n Ireland do hereby give niotice that on Trrdy h 0ho etm hor next, at half.psst I o'clock, they wl erayt ra ihsc persons as may be willinig to CONTRATfoSU LIN an DELVERING int Hr Majesty'a VitulsgStrsaDefod 6,tt0 gallons of RUM (not under 40 par rs,oe ro) oh o livered in three wee ks, or earlier if preferred by tbe pat tedeig. Teuders may be made for the whole or any portion Ofth rum. Their L'irdshiPsbreservei to themselves the pewer. when tho tenders ame opeuded, of contracting either for the whole or for su-h psrt thereof only so they n. ay deem fit, or forsa gre&ter quantity, or of not coctrzcting ftr u3y. and also an unlimited po '-C(r of releetlrni. The rum to be exempted from the Customs'duties, and parties tender,ng are to Elate where !t its lying. &-amples of the ram to he tent In pints for each impsrt mark, and the anerac strength of each mark ex- to he stated, and not ams average Or difte-,t narts or strengths ot res-eral Ispoeta and assy parcel of rem that is found not to be of the myire quality, mairk, or average etrength of it-s sample tendered andI accepted, wil be rejecteld by the ollizers The samples pr disoed by persons whose tenders are not aclcepted aze requeted to he taken away by them inimeolately after the contract hoc een d,cidell. No tender wiil be received nnlegs made onl the printed form provldstd for the Iurpose, anid which may he Obtained on appslicationn at the taid office. or to Commander Bevis. conducting the packrt service at Linens- 1. or to the Colle3tor of Customs at Bristol. The eonJitlons of the revised contract, to which particular ste-nhin is culed, n o sye een at the said office, and at Liverpool and Bristsi. N~o tender will ho received after half-past 1 o'oloek on the day of treaty. and it will not he requiredl that the pa'ty tendering or an agent en his beha'f should attend at the olilreeon the day of contract, a3 the res~ult of tie offer received from each perzonk wil be oummunicated to hint at.d his proposeod rursties in writing. Everv tender mast be addressed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, ansl be.sr in the lEft-hanid corner the wordsB, Tender for Rem,' and motrt alsoe be delivered at Somereet-hooso, 0 RHIfTkCTarnd BUILDFISS.~-WANTPEJD TPLANS ant ESTIMA&TES for the ERECTIONl, under cortract, ot a, plafin buit well-mullt COTTAGE of eight rooms, kitchens, &c.-- H P. 7. MAtilda-place,. Tra'allar-road, Oreenwich, bee. addeeossl o the Scretary,Mr. J. . Herheingrtn,Slough, mo BAKEiS.-ST. GILES and ST. GEORGJt's, A1 Bioonzebury.-The Herton Committee will meet at Heeton-houje Heston, near Rounalow, on Wednesday. tho 0th of Septemborrnt,a 1 O'clock in the afternoon, to CONTRACT for BR CAD and FOR Formis of tender and part-rnulars to be had at the Vestry Clerk' fie St Giles: er at Hestono-Ioose. The lowest tender will not r-eemry ha accepted. By ordler of the Directors, Atneznit. 10357. T. D. ROBINSON, Vestry Clerk. j 10 NG arid WARMING AP ATJ.Theo rtrians of thei Newbury UTnion sre desireus of receiving TE_ND ISfrm perelons willing to ERECT a BOILER and APPARATUIS coniplese for tbe rt' of the kitchen and laundry, and hosting the workDoolee )a the principle now in use in the Biradfield Woirk. host e; the pipes now In rice ton e taken to or riceed by the contractor. TheGua,rdianis do not hind themneeves to accept lbs lowest or any tender. Tenders, accomrpanied by drawings and snecificatlons, in be sent, addressed to the Clerk,on or befows Tuesday. the Sth day of September next. JOHIN TANNER, Clerk. Siosenhansland, Aug. 25. 15.57, fl N TRACTS for PROVISIONS, &c.-St. ~BartbnoN_JIoncew's lis ilaL -9iueh tradesmen as mlay he inclined to SU PPLY tlhis Hcepit.ni wino the best BUT(IHBR'S MEPAT, the heot wheaten bread (per ct.). the heat OstendO butter. srd canisless. by CONTR xC r', from Mrichaelmas next to Ladly-day. 1818, are desired to deliver iu their nepros-als In writing, sealed up. at the counatlnc.hotnoe of this Hdospital, on or hef.ro Morsday, the 7th of Seiptember. And notitce ia hereby given that -t Committee of Governors wli1 meet on Tuesday, the 8th of Sptember. at 1 i ociock In the ferenceon precirely, when per' sons wise ava delivered in proposalsaare desired to attend. Ailrevtiril site particulars may be known, and the form of tender had, by apply. incz to the counting-hoiuse any day between the hours of 10 ansi 3 o'clock.WILA WI,Cek lit. Bartholomew's Hoepital. Cek ATEST LONDON UNIOY.~_Cont-racts_~To WTBakers, Butchers, Grocers. Cheesemongers. Milkmien, Mealmnen. Greengrecers, Oilmeni, Brushmnakars, Coal Merchant', Habirdatshers, I,neRdrayere, Hosilers. Woollendrapaers, Clothiers, Sb lei maeter. ar-iPu rnters.-The Guardianswill meet at the Board-room.o the Wori-src m%in Wesrt.ctrett. tVeotsnthlTleld. on Monday, the list dayf oC t.-rn .t.e i~ at in eclock in the sternoott ne,lerly no receive TE.NDERS f-ir CONTRACTS for the nextsi moth rersons willfing to contract mnust tend, by or before 2 o'01osk Oil Monday, the,2t.t ay of rpsse,ls. omyofc.5 t nrw court, Hoiborni,E seldtners, stating teetrms on which tuep wilt enter into such colntracts. Samples of some of the artirles proysn,edl to be contracted for m sy be seenl on atpplication to Mfr. Phlillips. Master of the WVorkhouse. Particulars of printing required may he een at my oler. The contractors will he res(rired to enler into a bend f.%ortedue BPerformance of their respective contracts. Forms of tender may be ba*d at my office,and non Oilier form of tesoler wits i,,, lassorted. By order, JOHN PONTIFEX, Clerk, 6. si, Arldrsw'e-eourt, Hetborn, Septemnbe-r, 1857. Boom,at te Maor-huse,RIngs-mal.C elsea,o 02Tuesday, ttre 8th TENDES fro parsns wiling o CON rACT ormonrut of the term ofa drft ontrct,markd Dst ponradct,m87-e"nownlyihg 30' da ofSepembr. 157 an eningthe29th day of September, 1855. Pruse t ndeigms perproal on the day the tenders are one,ado-fourho h rn fee in to be paid on the acS'Vire of th tender and the remlainIng three-foiurths as provided in the 1I drf contrast. The coata, charger, and expenses Of, anil incidenta to, te Dresnaration and complet o-n of the contract, to he paid byth contrator upon the execution of the talme. sLalL-siender s.igned by the proposed contractor with the names and deserij,tiou of two sufficient uvetties for the wlarorarance c-f his contract,sare to be left at the sald office, on or before Monday. the 7th day of Sep. tember: h ut no tender will be received or acesytos unleos male on one of lbs printed form", to be obtaiined at the raid office. The Vestry do not bind theo7selves to accept any tendler. By order, CHARLES L AllER, Vestry Clerk. Offices of the Vestry. Manor-house, King's-road, Chelges, August, 1857. %-i iALDON UNO.-Scho initreass nVnted_~ JV Notise is hereby given, that the Guardians of the shove Union will, at their Meeting, to he held on Thursday. the 24th day of Reptemher inet., proceed to the ELECTION of a SCHOOLMISTRESS to the Union SichoCi. She must be a sinigle woman, withoutt enrsiimbrae -and wellei'nalified to discharge the duties of the offlor, to which sewu he requiired to devot-e her whole time anid atteotlon. Salary £20 per annum atid such farther sum asi may ho awarded by the) Committee of Gsa neil on Education, together with apartmenta and beard In the Workhouse.ADPplications inthe handwriting of the endidates, statipg age and preVIusOUOCCUPation, with Original testlmoealals Pt to character sod 'usa ificatlons. to he transmitted to the Clerk on or msfore Thursday,l17th lust. Intimation willbhegiven to thosewhosoeprsnal attendance On the day of election may be considered detsirble. By order of the Board of Guardians, WM. CODD, Cler,k, Maliden. Sent.I tes.157 D YEr TNION.-Schoo maBtrWned- on _ is paeset person,. being a singtle man or a widower, without encutmbrance, Is R'- QUIRED to fill theoffice oOf SCIIOOLNMASTER, in the Workhouse of the Rye Union, aitnate at Rye-hull. subject to the regul%tions of the Poor Law Comumissioners. He most he quaUlfed to be entitled toea csrtictate of probation, according to the regulations 'if the Oommittee of Council on Edsteation. Hle wl:I he required to stuperma. tend the school hoys on their going to, at, and returning from divine service at the chinceh in Rye, sod to attend with the boys at such ger. vice at leas once on each Sunday, and at Hal tinmes at the Workhouro to superintend lbs bays uLnder the central of the Master of the Workhouse. Thle salary to be at the rain of £35 per annum, subjoct, how. ever, to the orttificate to be issued from time to timi e,, teeing the schoolmas,ter and his salary by the Comn iionems on Egdocalion, The officer to be allowed douhle rations from the Workhouse stoires, with suitable fernirBe apartraentn in the Workhouse. Applications addressed to the Guardians, free of postage, elatinig the age Of the aDPplcant, and his last or present Occupation, with testimoninin of charasteradcometcny mut bereceveslymoby the 20th day of Sep. tembr istat, nA uth pplcatonswil heconsildered at the meet. lugef he uarino, o th 85h Spteberinstant, hut candidates yoreofteBoard, Eye. letSeptembe. 1157.H. E. PAINE, Clerk, ETItPO NBOARD of WORIKS.-Elec. toofDistrict Sruyveyor under the Metropolitan Building Act, 165.0-The Metropolitan Board of 'Works hereby give notice, that the, will at their Meeting, on Friday. the 2d of October next, sill2 n'clck at noon. at Gulidhall. proceed to the ELECTiON of a DISTRICT SURVEYOR for the District of St. Gecrgs-ln-the-Esst and Si, 3Batoph without Aidgate, Apglications, in wrilingz, with oertifirat;es of com-. petency, addresed to th P oard will ho received at their office, No, I, Greek-street, Soho. until Thursday, th:e 1at Octcoer next, at 4 O'clock p.m.. sod candidates sye requested to be in attendance at the Meeting o1 the.%lard on the day of election. 'E.EH. WOOLRYCE, Clerk of the Board. 1. Graek-sreet, S,sho, Aug. 29. 1857. MIIANCHESTER CITY SUVYO.-1he IT.Conneil of the City of Mlanceste ameprepared to receive, A?PLICATIONS for the OFFICE of CITY SUJRVEYOR, now vacant. The gentleman appointed wfi be required to undertake the direction and management of the surveying and itrobitectiiral businee of the Corporation. and topessam knowledge a-ld experience zass iril ngtnear, and not to be, dtre-tly or Indirectly, engaged In any other buniness so to evoe te whle f bn tie t th service of the Corporation Seaed aplictios, wth tstimnias,tinting age of the apiplican, sd te aoun o saaryrrqtlrd, ndendorsed "Applicatior fortheoficeof it Suveyr, adresedto heTown Clerk, mnust be delverd a th Ton-hS, ancestr, n o beore Monday, the 14th Town-hall King-treert, AugustE20,R189O7y, ow (lerk, ST BfldersTHOLOMEW's EOSPITAL.-To adotberr.-A Committee of C"elory ll ebl At thin Hospital. on Tueeday, the 8th of September esxt, t 11 hohel in the forenoon precisely, to recelvo PROPOSATne trom such per1oocs as tray be willing to take on a BIUILDING LEASE, for a term of 70 ye rs. a PIECE of LAND at Kentish-town, oDntalndng hbout 11 acres, =erydirable for building puro, the turnpike, and now in the ocupatios of Mrd. 1 Dnean 7ati, cowkeeper. Also to ro oeive proposals for LetiDg, on a Bnilding l . for a term of 61 sear, a Wharf at Rotberhithe, and the grounu on whicb several dwellioghouses now stand, which property Is situate on the north and ronth video of Church-paeue, Rohberbithe. Place of the ahove-mentioned estates may be Eeen at Mr. Hardwick's offie, No. 1, Henrletta.Btreet, Cavendisb-tquanre, where other rtilculars may be obtalced. The Dropeais am eto be eealed up asd Jelivered at the Clerk's Office, St. Bartnolonsews HoEpital, on Morday, the 7tb of September, before 3 o'clock pm. WILLIAM WIX, Cterk. CTEAM ENG;INES, Boflera, SawFing Machinery, la 1thes, Drlling Mactines, Eydraulic PreEres. end ether useful achinery on SALtE. Portabte engines sod pumps on sale or hire. N B. Plant and mnachinery turchesed. Apply to T. Taylor, 1S7, South wvark-bridge.road, Newln gton,acaouev sI LASS CASES, on couinter and affixed to walls, mabogany tramed, %ithehelving, and vith and witbout drawer, with rather extensive shelving aDart, to be psrted witb on moderain terms. The establishment undergoing alterattons. Apply at 26, Pentonvilie-road, King's-croess PRE_ NEW SK,ETCHLNG TENT, 6ft. 6i, h, 1 Oftt. wride, by 5ft,. deep at bess WeI,xht under 8ib. PerfectlyW ur whenU in use. Portahle end ompactd when folded up. PItohed sod Fruck wth great facility. Price 20e-WIN80R i:'d NEWTON maufacturing artiete' coloormen to HIer Isfajeety and H.B.a lbs Prince Consot 38. Eatbbsne.pDce W. To AMATEUR TURNERS.-To be SOLD, by T Private Contract, a very superior FOOT LATHE (made b7 William Muir, of Britaenia Worksm Mbnchester), for sliding and screw cutting, with gun-metal engine cut-gearing and change wbeels, rteel guide, screw, and nnmerous chucas and apparatus. Price, £260 Address X. Y. Z . Mr. Phillips, 21, Bernard-street, 8outbamptou- 0ON COLLAR BAR HUTRDLES-Pioz; obt aid the sglve mel of the Royal Agricultural Bodety. Ey hae more than twice the oength &ad durahility of -hoee In stdinay use, and we no moae expoEve. Address the iansae of 8. P1 ae frou-wrk, Old St. Panua-road, opposDte the Old Clsich. her the pro" nof anutsture Ma be seen. }very deeclDtioeee I b;Bing ADd koia-wort. PILM U 13 MA Oe.t 1r UPeDG&4,s, WANTED, a FURNISHED HOUSE, within 2) VT miles of London. coain five or six bed rooms, aud three recepton rooms. Address to H. L. P, 33, Mormington-rosad, Relent's- ANTED In the viinity Of London, a COTTAGF.' WREoIDbK No objection to jand Attached, APply, stating tems, to A. B., Dr. Mab'ls. Roeasngbam-rowreat-t New RKent-road. WAANT l), a resnectable young woman as GENE.. at31 R&L SERVANT (Eaglish). A2g"od chrater reqnlred. App y At31.Arundel-street, Strand. N T'EID. for a little boy, two years old,arespectTV able HOME, near the tea-side or in a farm-hoe.Trm£1 a Year. Addres A. D.. him Whlte'6, eartioener, Hungercord.market2 IA NrXEu,a good PLAIN OOOK,in a tr3desman's C famSiily. APD5y at the house of busBnees, Messrs. T. Mills and Co., clotb,erm Aidgate. VWTAN!iTED, two young ladies, as SALESWOMEN, VV wbohav been acusoedt the lacestandbaby linen. Also at ApDrentico with a prmicum. Apply at 57. Mortimer.st, Cavendi,h. q ALITE, a LAOY'syl3b 30 years of w 0DgO. who~A caupeak French. Ap °b leter.with references4 to. . lwl .. Ptit cffl.e, 2. F.ubet`s-Dlewe Reet3et. TANTED, a. six or seven roomed HOlSS, four or VT five miles from the city, west side. Address, poat paid, eta-.jng r'-t ne tamls. tom .C.. 4 St. Bnsett'eF-lace. Gractchurch etrote city. 1ATANTD, a respeo:able YOUTH, for sa pawn- at bVroker' s warho.use: onewho ca°n wUroitea tgooid ha Apply WyANTED, an ENGLItsH SERVANT of ALt.- Marylebvo(nce£ Apply at to Walmer Oacls, Stingo-lane, New-rnad, '. ANTED, a SITUATION as SHOP W%V01IAN ia a stationer's or any light business, Salary not a cori3tderAtlon. S silfactory references will be given. No objection to the coun-ry. Address 1C. F., at Ifr. Targett's, 25, Windmill-street, Finsbory. AN Tl B), by a respectable married couple, without W ecumbrance, age 30, to TAKE OHIARiE of CHABEit-i or OFFICE3. Cant be highlyreoor'arended. Security ifrequired. Dhect J. %T.. 25, Stafford. Dlace wouth, Pimlico, tLiW. 5,T ANTED, by an English lady thoroughly con- V veran wth the modern langiuages. and proatinnt in music and drasirg, an ENGAGEMEiNT aS4TRAVELLIN GOOMPAI tiON to a lady or fataily. Address R. S. 19, Waterloo-street, Brighton. .V3ANTED, a YOUTH who can write a neat and eV expeditiousband,andacctstomedtooflicoebhsinees. Address, with handwriting, to M. _, at Mr. iflckson's, stationer, King-street, Obearside. WVANTE , a German lady, as WARDROBE. similar pori Ion will ho preferred, Ad3ress,etatega,*eanda partcun lace. to L. N1. N ,Hiecoses library. Bichmond, Screz, S.W. WATANTE D, 5 m, miles in the country, an active T HOU,AE31I&I r Is clean and unde,rstands her w rk, waiting at table, and cleanins plate. Liberal wages given. Apply to morrow, at 64, (ld Broad-reet, cty, between 10 and 11 o'clock. i,5 ANTED, CATHOLIC SERVANTS : a first- lT rate Wom3an Cook, a Kitcbennad, a Nurce about 25, a Groom .bhout 23, a lad aa BfiDiard Marker. Apply personally or by letter, to Mr. Boyce, 15, Blandford.street, Portman-square, W. jANTED, a srperior GOVERNESS, three morn. (VT las in the week, thoroughly qualIfied to teach French and English literature, piano, and drawing, one who could give le:sons on the harp would be preferred. Addresa A. B., post office, Dulwich. V ANTED, a SITUATION as L.ADY's.MAID ir Coempnanion to anelderlylady, or to wait on yoang ladies. Ly a Person, awed 22 scars, who hassagood. chtaracter, and can be well re- commeded. Address B. C.,20, Demnark-streetB olho,W, 1~JANTED~ba Orson,ard5 IUTO~ TV as HOUSIsK EtR or lli.gI n epcal he a ze= ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~r IAT ANTED, at Michaelmas, an eight-roomed Tbo HiOUS, in thevicinity of the Edgewareroador Bayewater. The rent moat be moderate. ddreos H. S., poet-office, HIawley-place, TANTED, a renedtbl e womlan, a SITUa- WYTION.asH toEKEEPE anCOOKtoa si l hsf gentleman or email family. Character good. Address F. D.., 2,. GlacsaoueoMreet, Reg8nt-etreet. ~ATAN'1'E D,an NGAGEMET -as J:1OUSiE5TYKEEPEt to a widowergwith young family, by a young lady Wactetomed totuition an rthe sanagement of an establishment. Address Teperyauce,5,bInerna*ees-errce, Bichopei-road, Bayawater. IATANTED, severalOASSISTANTS in the bespoke a an readymade clothing dePartment, onbu t rc bans ned ppl. Aplyany morning, from 10 to 2o clock, a 14. Mores ad San's, Mnoie a-.,d Aldgate. ATVANTED, ina smal fam JTy, agwhore h -erearo 'no TV bhidren e ie rmLnon, a epcable person as ETNERAJ. lSERVAa d.M ct underteand plain cokery nd homeork. Aply by etter,stating age aknd wages W TANNTED, ayoung experienc URSE, who-can take Yane Infant frcm the month. he must be a goodelewomac. Age30 o 5. onehu thse it seera yars god haracter need appy. ddrss irs b leter pi-pad,to . Z, cre f r. Goodrich, vANTE1, ina SITATION astter uLE-R, by thead. TV veticer age 1, wh writs a god IndI quick at accounts, aestond hafbee enagaed someyearsin busbin8essCan offer good refhe e°t cee.pSmall salary required, Asletrees 1.4 C., post-olice, 65, King moeaeardwel FUNSE OTe,in the witoutchidre. Apl onTuedayat atst,to . A. creof Mr. ~.~JANTED, ayoung ernch lady a% GOEN c, Y In a respectable Rtoman CatholIcschool in Itead h os be accctoetmd to teh care aud lactruto hlrn pl o particulars, M. B., seminary, 13. UpprGrie-tet uln Au Remijeh lady 0educted iu Francemghsut TV drpy anCaodseybsnes loayugld as tAco JhaL tiinr n calnly osrebhn h onter. dineton, X~TANTD, by, young man of bsns ais TVstit ntgit,and good address a SITATON I sm actve mplymet iotmenial). Undeystinds cloth. Can give firclus cte nd eetendrefewences - Addreess with fiullpaoticulara, to F. , 1~ Ltte Crte-lne, Doctors'.commous, city. ~IT~ ANTD, ba young luu,M e -xcD.g VYTIas exuSE4GERCollctor orany place of trust, He haslivd 1 rers s srvat I a'entema'sfamily. Is leaving in con. sEq uence of the deat ofhsm ItL...H, 7, Delantere-terrace, Ha.rrow-road, Paddgtn AN TD MLY ET by a peraon a-ged 44 TV(who ha Icteinoe,nay light capacity where trust and con fidencoae reuie,adwudmkhiel neayusf. Camnvwrite a good had n sqika ccut,Go eeecb and Fcourity i f requie.Ades .B ,7 awe.lc,Kets-o s ~A AN TED respectabe YOUT,aeaot1 VT willing tomak hiumHselfueuL. Mustwieepdtosyn hic,ea knowledgeof bookkeeping. APpl yIIe,saigae former employme nt,an salary required, to A. n? dl-tet ci ty. IA A TD, in a argestablishmen~a xeine BV 40K KEEPEP.Agstu30peer.Hewlhaeo combine bookk eigwthaseig etr nd eevn cons All letters pre-pi,wtfulpriursadrse B,M.Gib, 7-, King W1illiam.tet no-rdo VAANE, a ouglady, as SALESWOMA ,wt Vthoroirghly uneorstands the children's dressand bb le e Dartments. Must be able to take orders and fit. Piret-rat referencees for character anid ability required. Address Messrs. Lu,ncbert and Putter, juvenile outfitters Brighten. _~ ~ gh ~7 ANTED a ECOND.HA Fo orzontal hih VT pressure S 'EAT EGINE:, of from gix to eight horse power, wIHtOIlEr&c, completengalsoea set rofmwthreethrowumpsl ofibrs,asnd wnt,itcranksandelas. Addresss, inlwiath rmfulleparticlasndloweel tem,to N. . G., M r.h lR, eman'dastleld, , hnStret,Ax pi VT bl rmug oma, hounertans oo pai ookn aui~sll Chelsea. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ eret idl-ae IATANTED, within ~O milesof tL ondon, pland not TV inter hanfiv mies rima Rilwy fatonm atood,FaMILYh HOUS, cotiing evenbedroom, wih te usaloff12eincoesan onatMlholea. ddes, ttig owsttRms, I a oo ATANTED, byan elderly idow, who hs, andcnwell IT furnihed hone rathertoo larg for herelf hsaiddeagdis Is liited Addess A K.,30, alaceroad Lam eth, rod B3s XITanT EIDEtoE RENTr oari opURCHASE,tw chlra,good MantHUi, wIth yard. or garden, an dstablged in the ty inesalte nmeoIgBourhoodsofl.'goorelstret,ableexretermofaPortleoand'leas aTe avalutatio.oddrtess,Astating fu l patic bJect,tooL. Z A,3e, 'I,pmor-street, W. O.Hueeprs 8 annsre,B HOUSE' Londaogntlma' famiy, thoroug wel t abe Apesoalcaraspctrofnoless, a w 12-dce monts ndg and ext ay,teem10 goS, at 33, ATON I nvm stra mQercantie- d,Bm ~7AN TE, in a espectble ksprivatfaiy BodaoARDnt TV andHE4IDEOE fora marredofconupletingIo chilodren te. Idombenudayestionls. go pli tablsepetedcoaricterafdabipiano. p ee-aid M . 0 ..Housekeper's 1 8, Cannon-e treet, . . IATANTED, a NURSE, in a priv~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ate faml,w bu woma. Nne ned pplybatthos wh haefloedt tatsimilar stua- Hos thldBeuttod, W eihra&Ome tor abra.Cnke ok,I odacutu X T AN TED, by the wi fe of an oflcer in the arny, at pesentservng aervigt home, amidedle aehealthy N IURSE, to take careof wocildrn,to ad tree ear ol repectivrely; also a Lady's- mad t ressf tohair, walk Ot wikndth rtthe children wh en requred<, and. n marte herself generally usefull to her mistess eNsn need aptly except Ihhoee who have very high reoommendotfons. Direct C. P., b7, Jermnyn. TANTED, a SITUATION as useful COMM- WVPANION te a lay, oraHousekeeper to a widower or single geetl1rnmn. The advertiser would not object to the care of one or two chidren ; and, Oa the greatest confidence may be placed In her, she would be found Taluable to any famly. The highest referenceas given halarys secondary comzideration. Address Q. P., 85, Mount-street, Gresvenor4square W. ANTED, WOORANTRSaGner-aGServant,vnt ,oisA tod aEN o orough C Als a go odid. thre ami hes oatind h no ib Kent Line O2, bjtDcnad o. ' A Ades lears personalecharacter indispensable Apply to-day and to-morrow ~or address, from 15 till I o'clock, to Mr. Pig baker, 24, Stamfordstreet, Blaeotfriarsroscd, I ANTED, from n6hSpeber, a respectable TV prno2tpywo g,t act ~GENERAL SEllVANTandCOO In he amiy ofa gntlmanresiding at Brighton, WAANTED, a thorough good C OOK, in a gentle. VTMan's family at the west end firom 30 tol 35Years of age. She must understand all kinds of made dishes, soupe Jellies, creanis, &o, and have at least a twelvemeontls's personal character fromn her lsae place Wares £20. beer and wasbing found. No kitcheonsade kepl, cuk ooesioual assstance giv5n No Irieh. APply for address tomorrow and following day, before 1.2 at Donal iso ae~Itl use--pla^e HY4O-Paik-gac zn',bkr,Ltl WAlNTED, a NUPSE, to attend .to two childrean, fror 25 to 30. Apply to Mr. Etlma, statAoner. Wimbledon. 'ITANTED, a WRA1GLER, to teacb inathemadicj TV ix our daly,Nm1-resdeOnt. Sal-AryLO. Apply by letter to N. 8., 2t, PIccady, DYrW. W1TAhTED, a first-class SALESWOMAN, in the cTVantrl deparotmnt. ,Apply at Waterloo House, Cockspur- VWTANTEI, a PORTER, who understands tho drag trade, and 13 accustomedto pack. None need apuly unles fail, understanding both branches. ApAly 16. Oallun-atreet. W ANTED,a YOUTH,about 15 or 16, accustomed to tbe oil acd ItalIan business. AppI at 63, Thooba1d`s-ro3d,adBd Lion-squtare. V7ANTED, a LAUNDRYMAID, who taDoroughy TV understands bar business. Apply, stating aU'll nto Proprietor of the North Staffordhtlre Hiotel. Stk upn-Tot JANTEV, anactive person, as COOk, in a coff:e Vt and chop ouse, APply at Mr. CorneS, chbesemonger, 55, Wbltebhap-l-read. WANTED), immediately, a GERMAN MAS i:EK fVof e. rec h a eahas rnhadAlgebra. A-ppy, with references, to Rev. b. J. Rt.. Bogners*en. WANTED, by a respectable young iian, a SITUA. TVTION to serves in a batergs, confeconre Cor ccdealee's ehop. Address W. Chonleo. jun., Odlbaho. Hant,s. ANTED, a BOY, in a surveyor's office. Waes 1 iabout4a. Addreaw,In ownhandwriti2g,statingage toJ.IA 11. l41irie.street, Westminster. TANTE,D, a FEMALE ASSISTANIT to tne WT hosiery, glove, and under-clothing department. Apply 1o C. W. Clark. 3. 'ortliand.place, Clifton. 1AN TED, a respectable GRENERAL SERVANT. W Atlit nderstand plain oooking. Thesewith goodNchrat. MaY ap'Ply at the TUrnDike-house unn. tstnmford.h lj,Stek Nwig ANTED erior person, age 22, a :SI rUA. TIO aato,aor as Nursery tioaremem to children uader eight years of agTo or couutry. Address Kato, 60, frenrp stret fit. .rbn'.wod 'VANTED, a SITUATION sCO and W OSKEEPER, hin a noblema' ogetmn'faIly. Perfectly understands French andEoglish dihs ce,&.Saay gvieas. Are42.-J. .,85. ElarrVcon-nt egentsqua, ANTED, a respectable YOUTlH, quick at acve counts, and willing to make himself usefuL Salary given. Ref,clenr expected, Address by letter only to J. B., Care of Hughes are' Kinabhr, Red Blon-passage, Fleet-street. W ANTED, immediately, iu a select ladies' school (20miles from ton ,an ATLEPUIL. Termsnwill be ettled on application to C., Poplar-house, Bletchtngly, near Red- h II. ,ANTED, in a small private fainily, a clean active, young Person, as GENER&L SERAIWAp Mtust utnder stand w"ashingand plain cooling. Apply Personuy to Mrs. Bnger' mena, 110. geware-road. W ANTED, by an, aged 4, supe uad from VTthe Police force a SITUATI Na5T1ARK ERPS i gr &c., or to take charge of office. No objection to h onty d dresa C. C, Mr. Davies'e, 19, Georgestreet, Portman.sq%sau W,TANTED, a KITCH-EN S T AID, b readt , int ao3 of&0 iy WT e1ingEn a vage.2 mils from London. Apply at 84, Wesbousrne-terrace, this day, September 3, or to-morrow, between theb. hir, of 1 and 5. WATATED, HADL5 OG,edied bty Bishop. bookselers and pu era d and C. raste-att 'Brieghton. = Butsreet. iAT ANTgeD, aSITUATION as BUT , e eqheate or sther death of his master andmstreroa.Country preferred. irct A .P.ost-oce,Strt ed, i Easer.grien V~TAN TED, MANUFACTURIN wPREis B, TV ad ifwt powr 12-hose)a arferd. to ingrfow, atA chamis'a busiess mut b ina sitaleocainty.n AdresusiteR,33 usel TA NtEDa IEG aaCLERK aNnd TVCBwihalth,ahs .povmua awd Cor, Peond_had, Apunt,ay aendrt r.y SlaightCwpafityg caTiae estabishenta oo ,.Ne Gerogdsteeat.-buiodnkk city.Adrs B,9 akChc e S _ANTED a GEEN a husnee. Aply pesoall, tis ay ndto~-marrw, etA, -Bsis~. 33.pan. Ayea's oodchaactr i tond requisite, elsoi ANTED agentleta thatn c,an ecommand £80 WT 000. in A a . Sh whoesle ltblihent asuie CLER U ,and TBAELIEB tatng alay, c.,to fgoWoad ab,Ppearaffle, Geergeb east.~tab. geco IATANTED in a uiet family inthesda condtry a TV LA, of17'o S.He mst udersandCallingf Mrt Stauelanfod le nopl le,.aving hrce nipna:,Apya Re4rno Utpo N.T AHE,adtce OTG.Sxor seyven I VT roms wih god grde, stble'an paddock. LnGrae coil andofeas acee t th civ y ai tor: Bomuio,Addess,r winh fu,partculss toMr. earspaidder IrtonJ. Sure.W. rWasnS ~~ATANTED, inapMvt aml,AN t -xperi h PNrALatSRVn-the Shemewill bevrequiredhtoIutderstoJnt, paluokng, h eealruieo a SAUpplyoat Addrchs,l Vilas, SeeSser&Oad, toll Y, aoway. .Wod ohee,ut 26 o 1, Agod carate inispnsble9Aply ~thiodynd~i morro, atJone's, ater,Alfrd-terace Bsy-wa r VT ivemies f harngcro ithgade attachdessmakent anot to exced £1 a yar.Addrss,bro-aid,retodK J.cr of Hr. 0 Stanord, 6, Osarlng-croass,.StWh VT ommrcal raellng,a - dGAewellr, Refrenei1 N. g.Adrd, . 6 Apprtltyrc, Homsettroa11, I,e a deache COT aG or s a-omd WANTD,abut sx oreigh mils byraiihl fndromtands u,an neRCasaIn etfo ~ o£4 ot-etr line i tared Aplyb lttr lire-pad o le G.W, r ato's i An'-Ae,ost-HIce, WANTD.einC.la Wha oreany othrerabsiesUnaonablermcha ron,actrnddy ex 1.3).,MY. D an's. 2,G'ish eytarrace, tyro lowyraNTd, adgti YON GNLEA to teatho- 1st-don.on iAT~~ ~~ANTED,imdteytopoedtBmby,oan goutoelnd, anod asiuapslr ien pl b atronp,p Ps d,dit reernc, doJ W ,1 , enlysret illce W FrANteh asnd PW N at a byprieadcad toecund exeiencfrt-aed inthle. Roidinr a ,o odades n AccuestoMedB. to3tAkiangyrdr. Apyb etropi,saigpr IAAHING Wi NED b anexeren% cod au toer-ro ead, Teliglo Vam uHnINGes don a n mo6any quniy,i hefrt t VTau ensiutreyhohnd laour, wilthei caeandPntait.Etn saiv Bpremeivoes. Exellent dreeing cande blcn grunsaAdrs Miaeger, Hityburyoatid. N o.oay "ICIVASHNGS.-WAlTEdy b airespnectableh eaoRE GT nGAEIortwofaiies' WAsmiG, to nsthe meeth resonalb erm-I,! NOf Robeondt contRacs,I eky Canbeaildecotened rdirectst so N. ., 21 Spans-bultlenwsmSt. anarwiroad TTveisne fr alare faily clb, r hTel wit a gooe in pmo- cheise id : o. igh do, ld. strchd pTtioa,ee. plainadreom. 3d.;shcts, 3d.heblIden's thngs, S dBOW s all3fd dhep.l. Rtowntultlion. "is des aor-tre], Ol XV' ASHINGIrWnTEDf by-iu ant 1EeNGAeriened ShTVl FrnhedEgihlunderaet utntbres puplsIes' Fhotl' (anqird oadn th Onnireatoco the abov te pianoforte ls may deand uo the workl bmeies Address At. B,323, Albany-roA,dCambPrwEL, F~~~~g~~~~j~i_ ~d,who ~po mud taugici~~~~~~~~~~an ad linguist, comine alo te dvatag ofanextensive "arsiaitano it modemn literaum wihst aea EEGGMN asabve Ber scesniplisient aeth pao ndsnginG,thE NTer an .1creeh and ItaUaen langugs drss etGi, oL . en d's liraryb, Wes't 1B0romptonH. ibAy N0 SAAYREUR .-A ld,on .LIaccustometotiinwihstEGAEaGVENS Iong clergyman'c or NnGza' fml,o aIona t ld .Sh teaches music, ¶reh(auidin el),andteuulbacs bof an English educto.Tecunr negrab~:tes ase poferred. Mo t saifcoyrfrne ie.A ~pi, P.. . L srs-t-offlce, T'aq, lvl.Elchah et 1`TE DOERNESSELLEPROEATTEE,i aFRAN-l LADYtob to dtieiruarh mueju,tc PaCE poraetle fuoqte taen onet fimitie ather stdeiues. OenfaonstoElleo escinele pranefere, 'andasomat kamuwsiquofs, ifn S atreo£51 me dadtseIion. Addre2, wliQneth ret Porirsan-sMELuOreNEWo rro ADIS o NELECTD EUCAION GA'M'N PERSON wisbes for a SITUATION AAL GUSP- OVERNESS i h Ghoroodi reof mamdatroesD. Aeiene l Twermste modleratue. Adc,t .B,Sub' esae office, Brige-road N Hanecml, ~.W~f~f- StU TnIOvers wity uproyd twihr three diungloadis.oh sopro mietree. wgoe to A entes r Anonutrablea- . famil Wat profve, so ckr. ineach Latin an Greekadthe O ienta langu,oages DApply to he-,l fAom 11 o . o b ltte t Mr. oA Ie, t,leoteA. Bc.Subszep%a mdeate,nd hoditaned woth moree thndiplems of te a-n en i. Applye by eter o . . b, esrs.WelfandB Havprsofesuor Alo fem.nhutpK FTERNOON GOVBR~~NESSt . -. = ytoun lady,f m A who has her moringaxusengaed, esEeuir hs an tG p a where ~ ca a the puis r yug.ehOIstuts , ime R music, Ettt th rudimnent of Freneh'and drawing, Terme, e.per week. Ttevictaity ofRgu'0 ak St. John's-wood, or Camden-town prtferred_ Addre 0.. gsslbrary. 88. Irterstreet, Ca1mdlen-simn. AYOUNG LADY, whohs utrund from ZL Paris, Is desirous of obtaIning a SIUAIO a E NTE~' GOVERNMIS inafml.SeI cpbeo matng asnd English educatlon, Frnhlcu-di sii,tordmnso tla, music, itnging, and dacn.Rsetberfrne a egven Address H. S. aI., 22,Srn-adn,Crigco. ROTESTXN ON AYwse ooti A TaSITUATION i mascbool on thke cottnnt, wbeo Abe would guagea and onx the harp. A younger sister wOld a~scompy her as pupil on Inclusive terms. Address, with prospectus, &c.. to F., care of Mr. B. Wheeler. news agent, 1'anbeheter. ALADY is mnoat anxious to obtain a S1ITUAI'ION as AGOVERNESS for a young lady who h-a been staying with her. Shots an excellent musician, speaks French fluently, can giee ji,nCrotion In rudimentary drawing. asfd Is f ulY competent tioimpecrt a sound English education, Her former pupils made'gree. progress under l:tr cure. SatIsfactory testimonIals. Refernr .g1madreurd Address M.D., post-eifliz, Stroa Godoesteen ad reeuired TT¶HE GOVEtNES~t3' ~hTiTUTIoN,34, li-oho TI srEuare.-Mvs. WAGHORN, whbhas residec any rears abroad, respetfUlly invites the attentien Of the noht'ily, gentry and prineip.ta of schools to her REGISTER of ENGLISH and FOREIGN COVSR. NESSFS, Teachers ComPaulsns,Tntorsandptof{aem Shciolpr-.per. transferred and Dupils introduced in E;ngland, France and GermanyV. ~TITUTE for GOVEJRNESSES (under requiringt efficlent i.NGLISUJ and FOREFIUN GOVZRNPsffR3 and TUTORS are inslied to apply, her tborough knowledge of the c-ontinental languages eniabling her to form a correct estimate of the coinpetency of instructors. IA ES. KELTOK Goveress Intlitu-tion, 10, Car-- J.LLlin-steet Befor-sqare W.., nvies the attention of the nobliy,clrg, gnty,prncpal o sholsto hcr RFGlltTEttof ENGLSH nd OREGN OVENESI-8ard COIdPA-NIONS Schol roprtytrasfrre. Shoos rcomened. Hours_ from 11 AS SHOPWOMAN, in any lih u ea, areopectA3able young personi. See er u afse,ster. i)irct to B. P., Mr. Beavish, 2, Bride-cut Ne dge-strect, Biackfrlars, A S COMPAION to a LAY.Ayoung wla~dy,ofo X£3cheerful dispostion and good family, would assist a lady in her domestic arrangementa, or the care and management of children, A, comfortsb' e home more desirable tha-n aslary. Referca js, d dress H, N., post.ofiloe, Hereford. Ien d obe baa known from Infancre emmended, having illed this situation four yas drs o1.P,Ms Shrowder's, Telegraph-hiil, Hampeed A FAMI~ ~ sor distance from London, management of ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~eratlegtrequledAppyt Mons Nigbou ad oc.11 , Ig H'lborn. SERVANTWANTED,insa arnaU good ndisensa e, ages pe annm.cAply,either EMAIl), where footman eitor quiet family. Age28Cnhaefvyer'gochatr. sdrs A. B., 9, Russell-plae e ot-od sigo,N repectable servaut, two ve wt yer.AbcsL G.. 5, Anchor-terrace, Bride-treet, Soathwaek A tlean, herea bo or irl s ket, o anyother light aitua:toon. Midle-ged Asmal slar nt ojeced o.Good character, Ad- Lk ppl pesonllyat , Mnods, hisday btween the hours UEAI.H W TD,a IT-UATIO~Nas abovehin aquiet familly. C~an clean plate,and wait s l at table. Country preferred. Apply to QE..27, Alfred-streekt,Sepsey .R OUSEMAID) and PLAIN COOK W ANTED~,in H a em2aifaminty Apply this and next week, between the hours of 10 and 1, at 15, Percy place, Llpham-road_ (1 ENERAL ERVANT WATED (thocrough~)5whco cean make herself useful, in a smll family. Wasehingpot out, Wages liberaL Apply personally for Mrs EL, at E. xfewell's, baker, Curch-street, Hackney, before 1 a.m. C ENI6AL SliRVAN.~WANE-D. respeciab1e IJ oun wman Eglih,as GENEBRAL S VANT. Shbe must be ative clenly,andWiln to aesist inx Cghie.Wsgm ll. Apply at 6. Cancry-ane Hobom, after 2 O'clock. fIENER SERVAT WANE ina aml, 10 ~2A ile fro Lodon(Eastern Counties Line), where a nursemaid Is ept Ae aout10preferred. Good character indispensable. For furter prticiar inqireat Mdrs. Day's, 38, Frederick-street, Crai's- 1 NSANITY.-NANTED, by a respectable young I.person, a SITUATION, with a-& znia z,n it Jn MAr. Idaeusxsobsoo e,Marylebone, London. fTTNE DAME FRANCAISE conisnt parfaite- IU ment la cuisine, mechant auraltr hn repasser. desire re PLACER comme CUJISINIXEREon FEM d CHAI)BRE, dana uine famille, Pouant dormer de trds on certicae S'desrpar lettee sons lces ilttales C. C., 4, King Edwarl.tre, tast as U3yersofae. andwol UNeR Neuir SE WtoTEund wr.Four children, the youngest 10months ol. otnussms be membersaof the Church of England. Addressiinfilprilars and wages requtred, by letter only, to A. B,,esr.Sphnnd Son's 35. Throgmorton-street, city. H USEKEEIiER.-A respectable well-educte.d p1e _rs-o!n isan1xious to meet with a SITUATION, as above. Ins wilower's or a respectable tradesman's, family, where a servant is kt.Could assist in any light business, or in any, capacity where trost and confidence are essential. Good rejerences-A. N,, at Mlr. Chapman's, 2 a, Albany-road Blarnsbury, N. WANTED, ina gentleiunsa' in eery espct, ust entuledasmian,vrystato befoe,tl lenD hns,anidower.wthfdurytdpronsusebidraplyn a tbtho neircaractrswill the monthly unurse, would feel deeply obligedl to any tally who coutld coneclentioiuly reowmmend him a thoroughly expererieced ard coo'A. destila person inthe above capacity. She should beiQuito equil1to t,, management, In all respects, of infants from the month, as w51l as perf ectly competent to undertake tbe control and saperintendenoo of the bouserson Baouldaconfersra actd kxeiendnes,ad FIshe isrqN ete D haS MAKER. Address Mms Barry, 28, billsom-street, Bath. 90 MLLINRS'and DJRESSMAKERS' AS. 'IL 3AIfT-Mrs Taylor, 28, Crauby street, Leice&ter, is in im- mnediate WANT of an experienced A88IiT IANT. .1. jvenleand bbylinen business a person thoroughly oDmpetent to ut ut nd akeupchlldren's drmsses and mantles. Ability in in disensble Tosuc anone it would prove a comfortable home. Addres A. ., 8 Newilaeoghal.sreet, city. rpo RESSAKER.-WAN TED, in anxesat.Lhllhedhoss, flirat respectebilty, a YOUNG PERSON of ex. pesenc ad godtase,to take charge of the made up dress depiartmen. Te stuaionoffredis a comfortable one, and wil be permanen., itha ibeal alay.Adidress by letter only, stating age, names of prvioniemploers,Do. oZ., care of Messrs Hadland and Co.. I'PO PRENTSand GARDIAS o-f INV~ALID ,LCHLDRN.~Alad, reidig wihin12 miles of Lipedon, Is CIIOLASIU.-WA TED, at the quarter, in a S gentlemen'sbhoarding school, 'uLondon, a grdGENERAL ASSISTANT MASTER, Salary liberaL. Also an Articled 1upIiLApply to the pincipal of the Holloway School, London, 011IOLASTIC.-WANTED, in a military Academy, K)near London, a first-class HATHEMA&TICtL MAsmtE, capable of taking advanced pupils in the higpher branches of matho- mcc.Salary 10, board and residence. Apply to Male and Son. cl'erical and scholastic agents, 7, Tavietock-row, Covent-garden, WC._~ AFRENC~~~ GENT~LE IN is desirous of devoting Atwo or three hours a day to TUITION. French, German, mathematics. Best references. Appl to the Rev. Mfr. Clark, Psin. cpal of the National Society's TrainingCollege. aTSIIN UTOR.-Agentleman fth Lodo V Univrsity ho ha srlousoahghly respetable school, is pento n EGAlEIENTs VSITNGTUTOR,to a school or famly.Hissubecs ee Eglih,Frech,Latn,Greek, ed AngloSaxon hisory ad gegra b, mahematcs, atesl pibilosopy, and ocommenoetso ao boyhee lessons a week, term, 6s. weekly. The harp to commnce woyung ladfies, thre lessons weekly, same terms, Ad. dress B. S. P-,a Mtr. Kennedy', 9. Upper Berkeley.'treet. rEURKISHLSOS-IAI ESN. andTEnglsh TON frmoinoteTurkish, Arabic, French, ne nls aguages. Apply to Wlim and Norgate, foreign booksellers, 14, Henrletta-street, Coven-adn rhIEMPRARY UTY.- cleryman., about to monhUrVsxees,Aply withl Eterm noeeredg, AtohlUmA., EnglUh tu,Draughting, Ieemn and Valvuing LAnd, Buildings, Sc,_ TAUGHiT PRACTIMA. hyMescr. HYDE, 5111rig, and LEWIS, civil engineers architcs surveyors Sc. in a short cousse of instruc 'ion, on moderate tem,Including fiela work, Instruments, &o. For ProepetsinseaPPly at th ofaces, 24, Guijdf ord-street RUoellsei.q,ame Appied j,ly to D. B., Davis's, 84. Hatton-garden, (ILERK WANTED.-It is indispe-nsable that he A-J should havesagood asdressand appearnce,write areadylegibla hand, and be acuainted with the F'ench language. Appily, hy lolter only, to Yr. Henry, "oford, I04 Denbtgh. street, Pimlioo, UAILERJ,.-WrYANTEDX., by a respectablo you;3g man, a S1TUATION5, aboy', Is agood wrller and aconesaut, A moderate salary expoted, Character une xceptionable, and soeurity gives, if required. Addre-s G. t.- postofflce, Cantersury. ('ILER .-A yung ma, of eneral cPabilities aSnd busnes bit, wshs fr RE-NGAGENMENT in a merchan's tfie. e udersand bokkepIn, ad speaks the F'renchL lasgago Saarya ioonaryconsdrto,Address 1, R., 23 Golden-square CILERK WANTED.ANE iaspaec .Jestablishment at a tnh0anb,nciv,g-1 young man of good address a ntv fGrnsv optn opr form the duties of BOARDING o AE LR( aieo Hamburg, Bremen, or HolsteinwolbepfredApytoHW, fIOUNTY TRAVLLER-TVANTRD, a 8BITUA~/TIO .hy n expriened peron, who has a large and first-rate sonsijn mon sivesmihs,iruinnges,moderator lamp, chandelie, las, hin, ndfanc osegnral,through gret part of Engandan ouji ale. Adrss .B.MZHarri';, 'F,t.John- CORRESPONDING CLERK.-WANTED, a young ab,oa:, age from 21 to 25. Mos w te° go Btand and her av goal ait cagreof liown, Brothers, and o.. 0 IO.U 5-trece,s8.d2 FDd { AN'ADA.-A young marrie4 couple desirous of era tog 'a Canada, OFteR tbeir SER1tVIU tohotelprof prietors, borIc lsa,r heen bro tgbt u to the obtel bnadnee, and1 fatlI coaeresv it th P.e t~al Is dt,ln,Apply~ letttr, pre-psid, addred to H. G., Mr. Wilnes, 5. Oxord -treet. V. oR(ANI8T.-WA,NTEL), by a gentleman. a 8[O TUATION at eamai chireb or chapoL ino r near Lo,ndon. Tes. tlrnoutalsl en be r,rodnce, If requtresL Addrese"S J. a, 32, Wkelald- T.ISlAUtU'El.-AMAN~UENStl:,.-An elperi. A.enced nopyirs I,de}siros of an ENGA(OEUIEN. Terms motera.te. pRetferovnac. nexestloD nble. Addres Bet, }Fenda's HIotel, New Poe-yard, WestmInstedr.esHote t'SFTiT S and PLUMBER8s who hbavo good '.T businGesscosnexionevithcsntry gentl men Milay extond their tahyAENCIEi for psented inetions whies awe .bat rising iLt e * a dr J. il. 18 A4ametreo; Adglphl, ARDE1NE:R. or Gardenerand Bailiff, age 32, mar. r'OI, wKithtout children. Thoroughlbic uderxt4l his prefelon lts ancbhes. Is wif cosid take charge ot dairy or poultry if requitdre Can be highly reconmm,ended bF present etplo. er.-J. W., Mr. Oatbusl's IBaret anurery. Baraet. Ilerts. N. H EM) GARD jlE:a. A rnidso-agcd marsiel ma,wtota fa sly, woo thorouLghly nedortands hus roral,Ion; 5r meadow land and set*k. Can barse a TA ne ) eara'cbaracter from kia last emplo;er.-J. C., Atie's ntursery, Clapham-r aS. st.cl-eil. [RAPER8'ASSISTTS WANTED,lmmuAiately LJ.FTwojonlors,eoutotrymneurinetobjce Apply oTewy Brothes l,no Waterloo-oadand £7, Lower areb, Iambeth I+ISE:NSNG SSISANT Es'UIR.ED, pre- Mr M ahrt5,Wero.a. tatng age. a.nd vi.g a r-3frcuos, j A if anid oHL*tAn-As SERVANT to an orticer. ELHas travelled in the East. No objection to suprintend an Officer's tress, having benO 1mg acrus0momdto thatlire of ife. 8nglo, aoe 33. Ad 61reo L. 13. 2. Mean's-coort, Old Bond-atreet, Pircadiffls 'MPLOY2MENT WANTED, at home rr abroad 14by a gentleman of cosdrbe uieseperienee, In Hincinglane and the Aust-a1lan Moderate remunerxr tl, required, Age 27.A t DOt-cfice, Corihil BA'. -W UNIuR I)LERK.-TAY Bbth -dvertithr, age",d iS a StiUATION inan underwritee',,,emercant',p ship ,s vtck rler'so01mw, Knows bookkecping. writes, a rod band. quiet at saccunts. Unexceptimaoble references. Adidrtvo S. C, L., 2g. Tlavies-Inn. Hlolborn-hbll. E.O. u IN IQE~ CLERK or COLLE5TCTO ,ayugmn P) age 19, with four yeara' experience. ChaatR an reference r ts ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~rce otd reoDeretO r undeniable. Writes a good band, and ia qulokt at acoounta, Knows town well. SalaTY. £1 per wesa. Address T.RK, 40, 8 t. John'-roadi Battersea-rise. HAM She nrs 2eld, ard Forein Fatncy BELERri and others.-WANTE P. EMIPLOY ENZT by a loung man, age 26, in town or country, at ASSISTANT or TRAVELLE&t Is folly qnslified to manage a bo,niness (food refer-nees to last employer. Address, pro paid, to G. W., 41, Upper Nortb-plaoe, Gray's-lnn.road. INE TRDYeAn XE.-A BU ESS O IIASN,wia C.V codrateo capial,who willv keerIpP ohand books, my, Jot,( onoheracqnined iththetrae ad rnne in s, s woceedlng to a tocc old octahn a able n on in the city, innEST eno octhe death of.n the oldaU proprIetor. Address to S. , plcare o f Mr.rer il, auctioneer, ECRETAR WANTED in th city, who can L 2 J I n t r o d u ce £ 1 0 0 In a n a n n u a l j o u rnak e m l. cs e l Y c o nn e c t e d w i t h th bmrcntilIterests,anld,asIuch,k patronice Pcoby (lovsry uin aea.- meet with ulta engagment hy EEUBIING NrICMon the Rom and Address Office, 5, FOre-treet city.: eatat,lihed 1140.Oern to the free inspection of employers, Ters ls. to 2s. 6d. per imonth, uEe of reading room itrcludea. and otberimportantadvantages. Aiso emrployers' notices. Countryomember corresponded with. ri/£DICAP .WAN!TESD, an RASSISTANT, to dis- pde°nse, an- an occarnlonalsy SoAlarp ielIberaL, Apply at A3 sir E DIC A L 8t~EN C Y.~Sa3 of Practice G, and aIll- LY&bslos conece wihtenbv. neot atc beiO,,y Mr.1.. Wt,NO N . gA T Er MAl E Ban d Jom m l e w olnlag ent, ra t hs o& fic.- l V J e rm y n - ~ ESES AlredDavs ad C.,of 59 and -60, LVI Bemdatch,REQUIE thSERVCE of a GKTLUNI,16 to rpresnt hem n te prncial twnsinEgland anti Ireland. Addrss y ltte ony, t B. attheaboe adrer,,, Ftat-ne ate. salary essential. TwiowNNzRg ot ,,i S COLLU?ECTOR, Miessenger, or Ligtt Porter, ,~with coed re'orence -T. T.. 11. East-street, Maochesters a t-n A A Y can well EO EN aCO C A , 11. ho hRa lived with he, three years and eight moutfts Address C.G.. care of Mr. Prawn, baker, ULpper Cl,-ptots. A S ATTENDANT onk an isn ecen,o na .C3 t otai arepecabo ONFtIDE'NTIAL SITU&ATION. Basg smllInome, are salary Is not an object. $'irt-caars rote yen-n gien.Appl toZ. K.. Doet-ofilce. 58, Upper-stt-eet. I'lington. S JUn IO CLERK.WANTED,by a genteel ~Iwell-edunted yuhnery1yesofa,a ITUATION in a merchant's or broke'ofc.(tarfeeoocnbe given, and srmiii salary s-autred.-W.HP10,Cople ANA CHITC n SU VEYRntect of London, with a gconesa praettcr, Is desirocasof taking an OCT. DOOR ARTICLED PtIPII1 of respectabllity. Address Architec., case of J. Klrkmanu, Esq., solcitor, 3, Caunoni-sireet, city. __ R-D ad o n R hxsolfueful in thio X huse,an ocesonal 1watttbl,Apply, Monday au2, Taiseay next, between 1 oSocok toClrece ottage, Glecerter. gate, Upper Albany-stet Reredent'e-parea.t GA6Xwt imi h lad,gas andelour trade, as Itown or coenes TA ELLER.Has beeIn h-ees20 yearr as u.dW. a ffl.b mrgus w.soofboure-pl1ace, Se o A SMAN--.CO in a a I,o asScnIoki X3CI.asr establishment, a young man. with a godcarce nd tesumnas Addrs t. D.. l(Shler's Italian warhue 10, Lower Grosveno-plae Pinbo. N.R. Would not objec to take a job in RTCLED PUPL-n rhtect and surveyor A In considerable Practie anbolding a public appointment, has a VACANCOYIn hisofieora OUT-DOOR PUPIL. Premiuim 101guna. Salary afe h is er-C. 51.. careof Albert Warren, Ec. .Nw-cour,Tm pl,EC AComnpetent EN5SMA ihes a SIT-UA- A,CTION as BOARDN LR a UFR.Speakts and writes Spanishan Feh.RfrneInsutband nds ol uityi required. Addrgeu ttn l atclas seiu,Ba Inn, Hotweil-read, Bristol. A S TRAVELLR or CO LET,R fo abrewery, .1wine merchant', orsyrsetbeirm5O.-WANTED, by a higoly respectable ma g e,aSTAIN5above, Cangive tSrst-rote references,andcnb ihyreeted fo the situation hebhoejust l eft,Addrs I , 3 etnhl od 2Z years of ago, wishes for EM- FLOYENTIn ay rspwtblebusiwa,manufacturing or agzilculsralprfferred.hvg an Do. Remutnera- I-nn is no object. If the DuesIess was suitable themo would be no objection to an ultimate poreerehp. eferncesgivnaud required, Addtrecs, In the first instance, to M. post-olice, Orsoth. A GENTLEMNAiN, of good eduication and energetic C1 disposition.wises to O'tsin aSi SIUTO otut tte STEWARDSHIP to a gentleman of landdroet,ran other active occupation for ,hich intelligence cn nertyfr h hief requisites,Mots-t astfactory ref erences ca egvn pl yletter to A. Z., pot-office, Vlctorla.er ve, Ke n sirg n e-w. S IFF -A laded proprietor, in wa-nt of aproasabove,will alos the advertiser fully competent to ca%rry otte newest and moot improved systems of farming to prolt, Hes ls alopractically acquainted with the general super-intendence of a large estate, draining, management of woods and planttitons, as weUasa the erectton and repsl-s of agrlcaitural aLnd other buildings - having flled similar situations fey years Age 42, and eon prodo%c 'e hi chost tea-3 timonlals, with security if required Address G. T. B., 31r. J. 0. Cooper's. sfureryor. Ca-ete-treet, Reading. TRVL LE n OLECTING C(;LE`RK.- JW NE , an ENAGEMENT, by an active respectable man. well ecutned to town and suburbs, Would drive his own trap if requiste. Address to I.. 1t, 17, King-esnare. ioswellrTond. .S.SIPME inA Lndo Ownd ast kdesa.Forwaede unft eOf andwieu ete trade willb prered Address by letter, N. P., rmov DRAPERS.-WANTED a JUIN~IOR AS~SIST. LANT. Coopaceustomed to a country trado preferred. AIso a respectable youth, as an Apprentice Apply to W. and T. rettlit, wei is gford, Berk,. OPRI R W yaseady respect.- alyngman, a SITUATO sCMOIO.o to take the Mlanagement of a ealofc,btghllaimaritoualofor th~xeptlast seven yars.UetertIanabl references. adrs SITU,IOcasPReFo KAN, or to manage a branch business, Bisect to A.li.. 5, Breotstreet. Upper Olapton, N.E. FF0WATHMA ERS Ja--oler, &. -WIANT~ED. I, b a frst-lasspracicalman.of carater. exretlescetd in firs Engis ad tens- wrk soykepog ..a SITUATIO.Y. Woald smdriao maagmen orfist an ina frs-clpshoue.No other F~O AUCIONEERSand APPAISERS, Estate LAgent, &O.-ANTED by a oung an of ood adress, age I 28 eas.a STUTIN a CER toanautioee, c,Possesse a god an gezrainowlsigeof al te vaiousbsnbssin the prs-r ferIo. Cn iv 10yers'chraternyunoceuoable n-feroncs-s AddressA. W.Grsham LIrary, 39. h ps e T0JU NE MN~asa,wn a ae h easeet fasoaljibPg~e wbr ther are ow tax the m n uemett e_t of Ma iobbng ofiob'neoio letmero thereare si presses, a short distance frost torn. Apply by leter nly sttin ae. quailldeatisna, and amount of ren;unertIn,,, t)tgether with any other Inform%tion which may he tt,lto know -- sdressd A. T.Y. , AltrA-lmatenm, St. Jobn's-rcss tl~tt-so ff1 BRREWE-S-A steady practical brewer, v.h ts kabot t rehenhisPresent engageseent. I, deirons of a SITUA- TOasBREEt,Aoras Brewer and Manager. Hal rlg di1e i a sitnlorpostio fo coe Years, he can browg Indi a pals and other nts pote, nt tot,saplsOf which mu he seen at the tor-' Its bond AddsetaB. K L lollnd- treot, B Irtsn.r rtasl north. lttt.r y. T °o S H IP P E R S, M erchants,h an d O uta itt ners.- rs 5g man,nof gPnaue, of ignea ein the sn heirt ant outfittina trado. wishesto mee withan RhGGEMENtO-S C, ed to tb,miOOIes_ Being fully acquainted with all themsarkeGtsin she ttreie, bhe to h!tb- ef as a folly co o peteot fe s-uch a tnu-n. l ;iihbetle-- CAol ofeastrcnb ie frqie,Drc,pepito --V."[ , rare of J. Muutar d.25 Goswetletree*t. ?t.I3d Oa a;cquainted Shipbrokers . & .z-A gentleman pr3prcticll 31 acqainted inth bootlping by dosible entry, shipping m4nrance, Sad allsthe ntherva rio rf(csi-g.hs;oe w iShss fos-an ENGAGEMENT either as COSNFIS'NtsLCLK orn s DY Otbercap-city whbere a thorou -bh knows,rle of r ,c5 I affir, in rel ees3jr Testimonials of the hl2het cicteoher can be produrei. Addrme X, 3 3 Hart riso,Efed od KIngeland. wooepaet shirtbn wv,eehouse, H U^.!w,re6encate Is ps-ctcaL.;e(i,an.wul havies toobecion t aais it Ivf ruired,tt Unenestlinnai OfGeax ,-.ofanerssetsr.e can ho rivn. ll,et.ro,Ut paid, t o. vJ.H, sor of.1L, eare o ' .is, e P 0, I',.sosts-cOi, r SHIPPER S anand ERCHANT$,-A rrn,, of es eay y earn' exerien lce, it a it geeal twesleeb of gzoos.: of thei t b mauactue f itirmiaofm Wolvertsamptmo Waloal,attnti th1cde.Di b adja- hue to tRANSACT thei^br BUIES ItBmT*Xn his oleinemt, i'enrst coumssonmtis s-hewror oties-log conveien oorenicer, wrmioul seesive rsr,irne rrgssts x offeign ecand, e ROefesnos BmunecetInal Appely nbyletterpiDT1te .1 AGENTS are AIl TrED, for the saleat toie 'mprets of Chinsa's tea Inlwsadplcsween jgn et been aptsslntt,4 This a hobeen hglyesteemed In ll partsofthe togd om for the pab° fler ~ and nearly 0 ofb th arincifal tbeaealer in the provinoeT andCo. soe wolealeagets or he uitd Knglm, 14ttle Tower- r WATCHM.&KERB-D. Roberts HiVb.gtro. JL Hoecastlo, Sb Sn Immediate WANT of a goAt W IgRIK N pF-srtanof andI saLLa to beetaLkd On appilisatlon. T%24JU'EH' ASSISTAXTS.-WARE~ HAND0F IE , Me. accuutomsed to the ramialy teade_ .Lppl a Milton',& 10. Gra ayleboue"seset P. it and plans. r')GROLERS-W.ANTED a 'YOUNPG MbANi. Xabout I& to wait at the outnter ars make himself generally u,,,* fot. Apply to W. Rdgway, grocer. higih alreet, P ckbam. ri lu GROCERS, &o.-WANE byaUs~c~ ongman from the ounty, 30yaso g,a SITU TZION sa CLRRIKmand C(LLEOTOR. or CekadSono.Good references. -A. IL. 179, Oxford-street. Blerfriars r lok 'jECERS anti TE~A-DEALER_WANT-t IL by asyouing man, a SITUATION as SiE4OND COUXT11aM &N. Four years'Rgood charactter. Apply to A. 1, 31, prebettd-strcoy, (lM, den-town. N.W. FJOWHOLESALE GROCERS e~~~ c 'A clommercial man,well soeprlnt' iTh Sut Wales, and th Wetof Er gland, is open to aRE-ZGAGEit' wth a respectable bouge. Adarers 0. B,, ovss-office, Lanror. roGROCERS Anld TEA DE~A~LEHS.~NvAyrv .1roby an expem Seused yroung: man, of thoueir business habits, Z SITUATION, as SIIOPMAN. Has a thoroutb kmowle a of tsrma an Scutry trade, Address K. L, care of Mr. Finch, U4. Borou,gh. ro.d, S hwa,k. S E rhIO WHOLESALE HOUSESadthl-WN. MA ED, by a young man, a SI At IO iN s I PORTYR, at les.e ero or Packer. Know,s tonwl,Can rv and tart. Address A. B,, 5, Canton-terra,Rxtn AWAN'TD,ar=vosNYOUNG MALN, tosakebimsog gne r'lly uveful. GDood h.atrwUil he required. Apply at 47, rings street,. Hnowhlll rj )O INA1TER PriLNTERS.L5-WANTED. bya re. eetable syoung mau, aL SETUAITION a. TURNOVER at CASE. Wol hve nOObjectiOn to mg"lo oocesLgonally at preee App y bW letter to A. B.. White Horreo-havotera Fette.rlane. '1O MERCHANTS, Traemen, and othersi-A. -i gentleman of experimen abokeeris desirous of ob.teinza evnigEMPLOYMENT Lo pr ledger,mk outacocounts, &c. &ddr:ess 0. r.. 0, 6Cbeapeide. ri '0 COMM2NISSION AGENT-S.-A p`=-'Vy about to A. commence omxulactvrfog in th r ja-ia tadN s i W of an AGENT hmving a good w*etuI h Lno re d d rersa B. and V. ,"etofie., Coventry. dntaeA- rrOGR' CEO-RS &c-As ASSISTA ,ayoi ran ,91.TroOTeaa'reoodobarscter. WilliIt uk r'l generally uoeful and, no objection to this oolintry-.B,7 lAn PlacelFord-strest. Victorla-park, E. rOBREWERS, Publicans, and others.-WANTRD-) fATtbe!X'ANAGEhiRNT of an HIOTEL. or l'ubllehomre. either S to,va or conntry; or the tome at a rental A slut-up bouso r.utob. jeered to. The advertifer woual not be entirely det,edent on the profits. AddretstoA. B.,No. 140, Parrock-etreet. Grahesend. 'f0~ASTIEr. T.AILJOEb &c.- A practical and o-m .f er,even:ed CUIrIM wilMbe sbortly open for an XNGh.OXMENT. Fully competent to take the management of a first-clsas trade, in town or country. Public,,r private trado. Uctderatandls French lnngulae, &e. Adidro's toRI. N.. 23. Cas,tlestreet.Lelester-eusre r.M CIGARt kAUA tU1bS.-WANTRb Lbythe adrertlrer, a S ITUATI ON in a flo,t-elwas beure either in tenor cour,trs to take-the management of, or to naeeit Sn. the mtnoatoringdelerimtenlt. Addrecss E.,Br. Buttrty's, 20, White Hosao. terracm Stelpuey, E. moAUCTIONEERS' and h6TATE AG5ENTS' CLERKS.-WANTED, a regpeetableoCYONG MAN, fronm 20 t30years of age, Sn an auctioneeria office at the west end, who bus lb general knowledtge of the auction, aPptraisSng, and aKeLcy departmeutp, aLd can bewell recommxended byhis lot. employer. Apply per setter to EL U., Mr. Rastall, Ebenry-streer. Plmincle TJ'O LEADIN MAl FC.- .. andCOM ATIMISON MIEGRcANTS, in EngILad, Irelnnd, and Scot6and.-. WATE,y r ty aboutleavrlngwitn.ir. afortn)ight for AuistralaII doalrg 5mburtser tbere, PRICE LIBST and OIReULL&LS of GENERA HRDWARE,anud In Dry Goods and Grocey tines. Address 1ot-piald. Ms. Y., Liverpool. rp't IRONFOUNDEFRS, paten-tees, H-rdware lisa-_ i n. ufacturers, c-The adverltirer, aving 'vaehounes and offilcs in London end a repecta;ble coonnt2lon In the ietn trade. sace de*ircas to make arran~eraenta with a respectable manufacturing house for tho SALE of GENs ERA I GOODS. Aadress by letter to J. B. and OD. Mkr. Rf. Blrketle's stationer. 27. NortonfaLatc, N' I. 0O GENTLEMVEN FARMERS Landowners, &, TA young man, eon of a farmer. Winnes ?o obtain a SITUATION as BAILLFFor BS&NAGHK of ak farm oreotato. Undertands gins-. ml farminglbanlnees, And can undeetake aLtd 'uperintendgren.ral re.. pairs, Dahe has a thorough knowledge of carpe-ter's work In alt Stts raee.Addres Y. Z., Post-flice. P'tersham. W ri o RY MISTS' AISISTA.NT6.-WANTRW1, T YOUNG MAlN. acanItI PROVER,wem he would havr very faclity of having a thorough knowledge of hit butirrera No salary wilt be giren for the first aix mouths, but aL cmzfortable home will te considered equtvalent for his servlces. Apply at 40, UMlbank-etreet, Westmine,ter. j iO BREWERS, Distillrit, and otbers.-Ayon Lmon. of good address and businesa hbilbt, is dmsirous of an hf GAGEME_NT as (OLL.ECTLYG CLERK. Traveller, or 01 ewire. Con produmo testimoulala of the highest order for trustworthineas anct Covtenrg, t~ T,v orcountry. Address A. B., Mr. Brooke~, Old rro AUCTIONEERS, Surveyors, and Engneer.- I A gentleman. poesesng athorough proAltcal knovwledeandocon-. 5, erable exper;ence in the shore bumelneer.eso also bumldtng sad valuationa generally, and is a good drasegitaman and aorounastan, wishes for Permanent or ocaas,lonal E,IiPUV. Addresm 10 A. IL, 65e post-offi:e, King Will1a;m.otrurt. city. A PRNTICE to a practical watchmaker, is open. Oa farourab'o contditlos ATply. by letter. to U. Lsng. 51. Frnlbh-swet. boho-i,tnare.. moPARENTS and GUARDIANS.-Mr. idaWIn A.Sutton), opticiau and photograDher 205 Regen-te,wihso tate a respectable youth, as APPRENTiCE' n-tet ihet 0 oPARENTS.-WANTED, a 'YOUTH, (it e- T spectable friends,rfor a ,pawnrk warehouse, not u-der '14 years.Apptat Mr. GamFon a 4, Beauvoir-pl.oe, Kisgaland. Martinis-lane, Chasing-croet: estet lished 201 e ars. 1 an APPRENTICaE to the die etinga ndo eial seal engrani'-g_ A moderate premium required. Apply to Felix Nix, 5, Wine-offlico. court. Fleet-street. ripo PARtENTS and GUAPRDIXANS.CorB Trade.= A.A youth or young man can be taken in a. genuine concern asi PARTNER or otherwise. At first £100 will be required, forvetsir ea,ruritlr can be given. Addrees full particulars to W. S. T., Mr. Coe%a 15. Pall-mall. TA` -Asurg`eonha ba ~VnA~ONCANCY foPra a~stead y y-ou th so F51PUPIL, uh~ wo~uld meet with a comrfortable home, aLnd be permitted to attend leo. turescduring hirapprenticeshlp. Address IL .C.5., l7, Wellingbon. te,rsce, St. John's-wood. F I'10 PAREN TS and GUARDI~ANS.W~AN T.E-D, A inutellgent and well-connected youth a. APPIRENTICE to a first-. class jewellery and fancy eEtablisbment in rae of the most leading watering places of the south. Apply to Mr. Vienet, 133. 1Sglh-street. Southampton. 'Tb PARENT nGADIA.N S.-AVCr J. Is open for a respecttbo lad as an A.PPRETC intev. blishmnezt of a butcher, a few mil, ia from the we. n ftw. n d.ing a oo trade, wheroe eey facility it afforddfrlanr h whole oithob'utinese. Ad dress by letter to A. B.. 4 ,Ln-ce 0r PARENTS.-A civil engier in town, havn TLextennive general practiose, and largey enaed in the m;echQanic departments, can receive a redident or rnOn-reiet UI hI is establiasm-sni, where he may aoulre Oal fratekoldef oll branches ci the profession. For artirslaror rmu,&,alre to W. J.. atMoi. emming'`,1~11,P -mali east. I 11) PARENTS sand GUARDIANS.-WANThsc" a Irespectable wrelt-educsted youth, who haz a taste for drawint', as an OUT-DOOR PUPIL to an artirttand engraver, engaged in the highest branchi of the pre)fetrlon. A premIum required, and eda ?Ic~ given aLfter the dirt half-year. Address A. B., Law and Stamnmers 20.. Strand. TO'1 PAREBIILTS and U UARD ANS- A pnme,t. Aticat ch3rnie.readidingin the west end of Iondon.i is n ii..-di. ate WAN'T of a yruth of good addremsumsoan APPFRENTIC9. lie, would be surrounded by every comfort and treated aso a member of the. famnily. Premium modermte. AddressChymicue, Davy, Mackutr-lo. and Co.'s, 100, Upper Thames-street. Londoa-bridge, MI,J. ri ttO PAREN~~~rs and GUARIJIANS.-A ~chynaii.cE Adruggst, etuate-I a leaing Lodon toreughfre is in immediae antol wel ducte yothas n PPREZNT ME lie will be reaed n eeryrieettaa meberofthe family, and will he thoongly neruced n eer brnchof hebuiness. A eultahlo ~-eth oud b reeied itha .odrat pemim,Apply to Six. W. LAW.-WA2TED, by the advertiBer age 2 a L RE-IGAG'ZtENTas COPYING andGEEACERK ste drawor.i ardrreet&3Ir~'act. G- ood reference s. alsry medt rte. dd ras . U. Mr.M aley's. stationer, 1Ct, Strand, NV'-I A%V.- A comnpetent bookkeeper and accountant seud. JLA illdaltam ofsomeyears experiesce. Is open to tars IcY. (.AGEMENsT, invniwuor country. as COUSFfDENTIAL Brsr'iK. R ENPER, "s Adt!reas to F., U, We.tmsreland-plsce, SouthAmp:,s.u street, Camt-erwell. S. Y AW CLERK.. WANTED, by a s`o1iitor, s& JL.stall ounntry t-own, who holda same nutstllc appoistmeota, a weeulucate-0 youtk, an a CLERK. Arrangemrouts minght be musce by ab young gentleman who ha. been In a eoticltor's c-lies and wh rosy bedesirose, of belni: arti3lect or oDmpleting his artictes. Apply t S . W.. Do t-office, ColeheterT.Esex. PARTNERSHIP.-W TE in an establ *h,,4 Awholesale tea house, a PARTNER, soqualomed with tbo b. sims as sodc a capital of not less than £4,000. Applications to be ma'. to Box B. IS, post-ofilos, Liverpool. DAITNERSHIPS.-Any gentemsen having esta-r. PA 1tblihd lhonasfide concerns, and de uti of meeting whIrDM-mvs Of capital to join them, may hea of some bapling to Mr.Franklin. 7, Beanfort-buildings, trand. JARTNERSUIP or otherwise,-~2OU) to L;OG I EQUITsD to extend another branich in an old-eetablished lhw-inesafSrtheamllion. Prcflls averagel) pr cent. No risk. This IsR an opt ortunity that reldotm offers Apply personally, from 0 to 11, rr by letter to W. IR.,. 0 Glooester-butiditwe. Walwortlh-read. 130ARTNER WANTED, in the Wholesale Di)rg' I Trade, to take the place of one who Is retirng. To an active. energetic wan of 1.ueiness this S. an excellent Opportunity. Capital[ requeired X2,00 to £3100. References first-clara, Principals enlyr t,ea;ed with. Address. M . LB., care of Mr. John RHulskason, Sweinc te,n-etreet Gra;'s-Inn.road. Lonjdon. DARTERS±IPor obcriae-A SBARI- is A ffre.ina el-stbisedltear poery,i schpAprdo DARTNERl 'WANTED.-.Angntea,ih Mail e,apital. of Aetive and aseldan ais,dsru o onn se,ther. ae ACCOUNTANT and SUPERL'4TED Tof O. II iSlsfsio ACSEACIES. wbseresa fixed Income it led eoe,at hus.ines establieSbvst may bear of an openIng yadrsin r T Rntteslord. 147. I-leet-street. ~Al'llNuR WNANTED, Scti-vre Corothe~rwise, wit-%j £e2.00 to £4,000 to invest In a bunnies of no ordinary character. laying on unuFual:y high rercentare, anid without oprosittion: alto to t ring out a PateLted article, wbSrh wvillmrquire lltt±leexpenidItureto establish Stand tbocnsnreforita Universal dersard. and which wil. In a Ehort r.Lme, independent. of the other now IL, full opration. make* hr.~ 'sO.ne competrscy' Appl to 0. B., lrrma~ Eydney and Son'r~ Fc.lictorr., 44. lcrr,rru ,ity____________ mo AUCTWINfERSi, Apr lr, ilonse snct TESW&eA etaei.-A centle moo, ihs2sterin n cltsrous of enterisg into the tubOve buMiLegs With a. reteul ouse as a JUNIOE6 P'ARTN .ER, where a sum of montey would Ite adivancedi accordingly. Address A. A. A., 4. Lower Sussex-p Sace, lId Kent-road. J1IL LI i B PART~N FL-OS HIP.-WAN TM), LA DY, Kho has at reman-an not lets than £100, to loin tho i.cstztieer It. an st,hil,bed and bi;b y, rcrpx<tate tusines, cos.duniecl fc r msny years by the irt eter of the adve-tiser. wbo is about rutitl4r,n r'.m the &,roe.-X. V. Z.. poet-c Mies, Walbarunlw. T_REMANA Eo a MANUFA( TURING COR- -t CERN bus lbse Orporturlty Of PUROBASIIcG tl-P "ame On bighl ba vantagoous tern-s. A Gezntleman Jointing bits, with V£?.OC we=s fit d tlbs a n Ont lucrtive irvnvemet, Address Alpha, care Ot W. B,. JI rLee, Esq., relicitcr, 41. Cbsncery-lans. T = 'Wtbin to brrowthe aove jmouv forfive years, offenaae renuunemation for the mnine a partnersh1p. in an eld-eetabllsbe.l teneemn It. the rent and de.t eollectteg huninree, To any perrevenirg ysrn mnan th is is a first-rate opportunity. The burinrss has been esftahise4 upwsrde of 40 y ears, and every satIfaction will be gien as to the amount of business tranmeated, and tlbs sesrctabll1ty Of the eastile at presnt engage in the same, li1st-riite reftrences givena and sltu retunired. Pasti11es wishing an interview, direct in first indRiane, tq A. B., Mr. George's, bater. New Kent-roakd. To CAP ITALISTS.-A PAM-t]Y isREUR)'
EDUCTION,neor Paris, for YOU-NG LADITES, lantuagee and oh acoompfishmente are combined with theo comforts . Fe,the Rev. 11, lOcOlsos, clewicl antd school Adasn-stret', Adelpbll, Sitrand, W.O, VDUCAToN (Hll Quater):inclusive terma 40 ..m..aud4ignise.s.-YOUG LADiiB.The oume Of Instrutonjrs embace Enlis, Tenc, Grma, Ialin,Latin, music, drawing, Etantig, nd anceg.A reldot arliene.Masters of eminance suttnd.y. ., Painr'slibrary, Turnhlant-green. L'DUC TION--~IISO adie reciving a liinited nubro 0'I LS have VA'CANCIS.A Fr.enh Governess is rsidet, nd god serers attend. Localt shealthful ci eeldeuce good Ters 40guinaa P. ye%r. Address A.BO., M-rs. Willia.s', cowke~,r i. Rys bll-d. tGrevu.ic, liE. I~JCATIO onte OTINENT,a 2 e .14annum. in an c,otaulishelt scho:.l for YOUNG GlE,oee tilepricipls . wh Isl at- rsn In London.Apicto fro lane Lonon. ishet references given. 1J~lUCTO.N.-The friends of a YOUNG LADY, .14woIs in her 16th year, wish to PLACE her is a first-clasis BCH'IOL. west of L,t'oon, "hero her sec-sires as instructress in music andi English wonul he'n cou'ldered equivalent for her hoard. laundry el' pe Pss assz) the h,it o h'tn,astras for ainsiog and Frenchi. Address Id. L, 17. Hlawilrn-place, Newr-road. EUDCOATION.-A sou-nd ENLH7Jenhad .4Germain EDL'tATIIIN Is OFFERED, In a saladspro school, to y.ung 15,5 la from the country, or to thoehserinsas lproceeding to ludia, oun moderate termis, Every homecm"snsrd A reside ice at the se.s ride during the long vacatin h ihs sgefemrece,. A.:dreas to Gi. S., Mesesm. ilathard's. I8,Pcaly T4'TDbUCATI~ON~".-:Adv~antng-ous to Parents -A pro- -. % fe sinuslvesn'le.an has now as opportunity of INTRtIDTOI I G aYQOU.NG L&D) in-nwhoul ofbhlehstssdisg, at hallfthe'muansltermns, mnltdis g anctomplishimnat,; by masters. bhte svil receive tile asios sev, utage,' as the olthr p-I,ned the arrangement is strictly privat.., ±~dl-rea . P. H.. pet- 'hice. Breceneek place. Camden-town, jj iDUGATION.-. --orth of Londn-YU,m .Ij GENTLEMENJ are BOA.URIIO and prepared for professional or mercantile life. The house ia pleo.auit:y situAte, contaishig esuit.,tsle apartments, while the play ground, smeadow, and gardenl affo'ids every en(oymaeot tw-ith comfort anid hesIthi for the pupils, For terms, fib.. apply at 17. HulOwity--piace, N. 13'DU0ATIONX in F NCI-Bourbouri 12 mil.,s 3.2A front St. Curaer and tS from Caal.-dlle. PEIGI? begs to infoir h er friends and h uleta h a conducted her pupils to Londcni. and will behpyt eev plctonseat 6, Poland-street, (lxfird-street. be'.ee, te orso 12 ad4 from the 31st of August to tt'e 12th Of SVE)teslbr Mdlle. l'rignl bas a few vacancies In her usts'lishnment. and celireI an asselautpnpll. EV D UU CATION- CLASSICAL an~d CO M MEII-. _ACIAL AOADENXY, conducted by Al. OIBisT-MEIN, Mdembe,r o, the French Unlser-ity it tas.y, prds Parsts 10. rue Bases. Tile abore ostabllishmenit, whisk has existed for the last 40 years, Is delightfully situate on an emrlt,ence, being a mcat bea, thy and charming spot for cenirnd excerciec. 5d Osbat can be meen from 2 to 4 o'cloct, on hudy, F, idsy, &an Saturday, at 47, Edgewsre-road, EDIUCATION.-Young ladies are BOARDED an-d .2EDUCATE]) in an estahtsabment oflong standing and respecta. bsility. The conres of Instruction includes English nod Frenchl, the latter bysa rewIdent Parisierme. Eriluent masters attend for the Sc. conmplibhmente. Tee strictest attention to domestic omforts. The house is spaciousaod situiate Dists own grotmdc. tlnexceptiouablercc. fecerces of long staridi:.r. A prospectus forward(d upon application Co Dielta 15'Almatne aisiCd . 20. Sohlo-equare. ThU ATlOiN, £iL2 per annum (no exta, at WizuE berley,hous,, Fulhans, Middlesx. conducted byMrT COOP ER, (Sraetsiare of the Univmrity of London, and ebla mai es Diet us. limited, and of the l,est description. The education cmrcsGek Ls'.in, Germian, Frentch by a resident native. mathemte,agba meegI ing. glbee, end all the essentials of a first-ratcomrile. catin 'The ho-se'. and gruondesare extensive. Inspcton ofdomeai:c arranRements is rn-sty invited. Highest references gien. U'DUICA'I'IoN.--T-he p-ri-ncipe,I ofafrt-lsesE bliIshment west of London, In consequence unfrse aace 'will be bappy to RECEIVE one or two PUPILi, teda, lcmo geout!men. at balf her ti.uul terms. Profeseoro oftln atn o cctpllbbmecte, fi,rsivi languniges and the hJghlerilschofCny Eltution and reidence unexceptionable. Referencst lrye and others. Address Doeta, Rolanfil and Co., Berni -tm e,Oxod street, W. EDU3 ATIO ~. - TIe sisters of a beneticed le-rgv. gulineas. Great reduclion wnade for the daLughters ofecler ymen. Rolerencess riven t-o clergymen of hxigh standing and parents of Ipupils, Ad. dres B,ia, Le Seclesir's lib-rary, Addilon-rod. nlorth, Xottusg-hbil,W. ViDUCATioLN, six gu-ineas pe'r quarter (no extras .1Ewhateveri prlancrboarders eIght gilluess. Established 20 ears. -VotING LAbIitS liberally BOARDED and INSTRUOTil) In EnslIeh.liresohb music. drawl,'g, dancing, writing and atrithmurerIc. plansand fancy work-. Lautndress church seat, (roks, Parisiennei governess, and writling master included. A liberal table, good pleasure grod, spacious hedl room,tr and school and dining rooms 06 feet in legugih. Cards at ,tr. F,itch s, 66, Bisbopsgate.stroot within). *LJ ',UCATIOX :incitusive tenns £~25 nu . Rtj There uor VAI"ANCIES for a few YOUNGGETEE,In highly tesr'ctable besarding schel lgbystae,wti ih ie Ofttoo n.The -ores ofCstructmonimotc pehsve nld tho ancient and m so'lersu langae,wteerbanhoaplievs useful education. The treatmeti idadpretl n h al )liereli supplied. The p'renilie aelr.possigevedry convenicyre Inc the health, comortl', and sereato fbpy.Address to FT ., Messrs. Ro'lfo'.. 11,11. AItereato.ta te LCA I(N, Birighton.- In a select est'bihE 'il i,'irodted by a widiew lady soIl two daughters, aided by noz eiperienced resident French governess there are a few VAOA&N. lIul. The house id osrnniodliour, and stuate in a beautiftci and heathul oclic,r'ortie sa.Thescysteto of educationisabasedup>on bhribtiass princi,ples, and the general arrngemenits are Such as to ensure tihe comforts o,f it refined home and the inteliectual advantages of a nell-regulated s,'-s'. Professors of eminence attend, Address 'W. W., Siin'~ talu 1 King's-road, Brighton. 6L'CAIN.-HOU1LLOWAYRSHOOL, ~Londo-s. .124Mr.C. J. AYECt M P, Principal. The course of finstruction is eepecls2ly aedapt,d f,r yoirths initerded for the future active dutlea of mercantile or Profrsiional hife. The classics, mattemnatics, modern and cuonise nrithloirtice,rmerchants' asccounts, good writing. thorough E,nglish, and the F'reTch tied (Sermona languages formitherefore the leta big aubject ol Et-ly. Thirty puIls duriogi the past year have obtained tile certificatte Of hionour ofIthe Ryal College of Preceptors Holloway is elevates'l veYtry healthy. Terms maoderate. ~~~~~ fu~Ger uny-~Mss e. IlOltRATIt's pirivate establishament for a limited nambir of P" ,te tant yon I.4e ' of good fatmily, THREE PUPILS or PAP.- L1(T1tB ltARI)AGe,4 .d"esIrous offIlnishling their educatlon,may beREUEIVED. Thed,oo e.tear-rangements am those of a private family. Relrec'.s -s o i.-si ra ed Itelecu trinngof tho pupils, the uesr furtheirbhealth r.iid c.imfort. thboadvantagesoifered for educaotion, wi;l Ihe given to t'e p-u 'rnsof young liadles who liniished their educaLo," at th.,- estsMl'l", - Address as abVOv. jj]I1' CATJI()?i -.-t. John'a.wood.-Cavend~h~uo 4Cevendish rud--The enen.Ing TE-RM will COMMNEo T.uereay. Ser.t. 1I. Tb' highest profet,yionaltantieggefr everydesirt:,-ut-o -, 'Ctudly, and tile whole systes fmrladItl lectual traftiits is lurider thLe Iseiediate supterinedneolh rn cipa. wo ha fo s ymyesrs successfully condutdteeuaino yol:rg Ilais.% Geri,an as,d Frenceh gaverneeses ass eidno ih establiubmenut. l're,tIeottises, ith vie namBseof atteadnt rfso lose 10c obtelited of ,lr. Rottlndi, foreigni bookseller, 20Benr-tet Oxford-arett. TMUC,ATI sN, at an old-ettablirshed BOARDlING EI4CHioL for CI ENTLEM EN, delig:htfullyveltuate nine miles froma 1Loft-i,nand ils ,sc'wl rsasi'rtto.Terms 22lgulsties. The FV, tens isAessslattvs. The principal lsa Licentiate of tile (itssigo of Preceptor?. and thit school is under their examination. Latin sod Greek n-ih2 ettlueseperanonunexetra; Fretehb Gormatn, bptit;le. P.rt.it.tiese. Pisoreilab, Danish, and Norweegisn, Iby resident arA-u:re alote rtrt. The table liberally supplied, and domestic -you fto t. affIide,t. 'fl~ mansion stands within 10 screm of Ito3 own eso-inde. tit'iation nt-~tusalubrioue. School roses sod dormnitoiet; spiciuus ant well svn'iiiuts-, playground large, a good cricket field, p!ers'nre ous florievlturri grotinss fitted up for lbs recreation of the tr,iis An exoelei,. sud isle bath, l1lt feet tn length, supplied by a c,sine sitreaui. Paymentitfrom date ofoentry. For prospectus address A. 0.. 61. l'tereest.r-rrow. )Id,EIAIIATO1IY SCHOOfL, for tlho Sons of Gu-n. ItiemLen. Yore Houise, Mortiuser.road. IKilbsurn, London.- Mr. GJEORGE 015G, LIL.C.P., and Mrs. 0GG.1. bg to announcetha t" he ldichae!ma,s Term cooiis~eoces 15th September. 1- )TUVATrE TUITION.-Bournaemouth~, Ha,nts-.-A . c;ergyt:ua, MA, Or Canibridgo and gradtisate in honotirsmRE. CEIVFPil FOUR PUPtI-LS Into his house at the above retired and satubhriono wattering-pLace., The suibjeets of instruction are prenaratory for the u,iivesviti,s .ss.d al for the naval and miiiitary exasusfnatuons, Ti-rais 1. 0 guli,,ta per annum. I-ugh teetiinooijals wil be produced. Address Id. A., 2, W-stover Vilas. RO1GTl'STAN T SCHOOL, ari-is. -L'INSTITUT P1 POLYGLOCT rE cti iOLYTY.CHNIQUE, In the me(st beautiful aol Ih- atihy part -if lls,y~ c si-tai, oifers every advantage fi,r the cmmpistotedusiatiouOttoyf ty. Ternis £40 prsetnusn. Termcoulnmences on the 5th Octeber. l'rva'i rusimis and family life for gentlemien, £8 per nnrith.-I. FEIZ&NDIE, Vila Beaujou, 0, rae Balrr,, Champs ALADY,l inhigh reputp. as a teucer odnin and 1 c.1,litheuics. will "e happy to receive a young Ilasya AItTIOLED) PUPIL. to taee her f or the profession, or onie who has studied It, as an aCs'ltitsat to imnprove herself. She would be treated as one of the latoiiy. aiit every t',SStttgi' at' rded which a fimtrsto raeonnuxion commanids. A,~'ply bly letter to hl. 1S., post-ollice, Thayer-etreet, klan. TALlIE8 comling to the Contineoitt or chanige of air, L14or with a--ite I.leit-rovs',ernt in French. G,rman, Italian, is:eut for yuutg I -vs ealwri,or l?t'TRUCII(N In all thes iabove 1 rt he, msbntl sils tiutlshootrfnrs.Terisis moderate. Apply to Mw,ia''reLi- Ciamis.'i, 2, riue de ia Limitst, Portste de bei-in Brimseels. I'tco;'ectueesimay be obtained at Messrs.latehard and Son's, 18t._l'IcZW11s1y. 7-iutCU. (,;.v1JTIi of ]"RA NCl.-A Clergymnan of the Chiurch 1. D of Engl%nd. M.A., i' St. John's College, Camibridge, and a High Wr-ugier of hi, year ltS47). has arranged toopenuajfirst-clagssDAY SC('llCL. at Pan. io tiE, be-ginntling f Octyber next. The adverti er baa lasdtoutchi expaferionc in tulitloa, and in preparing pupIlis for thle Vnie.-nrC,tei.Dike I re laul sguagus requisite for the East India Cost pa sesorics, th-r'oinly taught. Refereisces and testimonial1s n3a3 t Ipre Siced mi a-. licatlion to thpIe re. John Ilattersiey, Ecoies, uesr Manictester; 'r to M. Lairs, rue St. Jasiues, Pan. LslaIVATE'i TUITION for GEINTLETYR~i NS.~ j - A itiarficd cr5yt',fort-erly tutor In a nobleman's family, aesist,d by a Ca.bi,hrt.le tGraduate, educates his Cons with comnpassion vnAl l.l,s"erl- I learel for the public schools or otherwise, and has TWVO ACAG ES3. Hamsoc Indepensdent means, his home, situate in Oxfo,rdlbire. posessaes rler re'ias-ite for teeo comnfort ankd happiness of his pt-pile..w-~ iwstismi ,td religious t-ainig are strictly atteudest to. 1t"iers-.ceo lsnetc,itinsipnle. Terms moedrate.-Ecclesiastes,6 1, Con- 'D1l.XTO?-iILLCOL E'AT Bfu7(M_Kjt 13.)1-lAL 8'..ilOsL, iurre7e-In thin establisbment the highest inteilectit,l adv'antsg--s are combined with careful moral training and ver enefoc onsti sr;scensoe.Tieepremises,erected for echool l'uepe- . are ails ics,. nul the situation is, one ot the meet healthy and teautifol round tuildi_ .References so clergymen and gentlemaen soi. cctom are) now its the school. Annual public examl'sations. A llutniv, number oif pupiis. Modeserate anui inclusive terms. Prospeotutes en appilesetiou to EDWARD T. WILSON. Principal. RIVAT TUITION.-Stsn1eFSt Leonard's, near V,'trend. Giocestnshirc, a healthy village. about one mite from the tCrest Western 3Ld1 tho Midland IRaiways.-The Rev. R. Md BUTCEI?,S, M.A., of Trinity College, Camrubidge, who has been crc.5ged int-u1tio for -a-. ers eeve nohi os 10 ....e- qsislifset nail-se teacherd of the French and German languages, and a r ulf drascing nla'.wr i regular aitendance. Terms accordiln to age, The most tstiifaeory references given. Mr. H. has no paroohi oharge. Vacancels fr three. rpWENTY-TWO GlUINEAS are the inclusive termrs T. atafirut.clss SCHOOL, wbere a limited number of GENTLE.A tN's S( NS receive a superlor education. The masters are Cam bridge and foreign iradlutes, and pupUs are quickly qualified for the tiiblic and military examinations, Situation beaititul and very healthy. Dlouse large s,.d detachied, I I hour from London, TXreatment most liberal. olIds ot teaching French and German as in the schools in Germany. Referenc-s to clergymen and others whose sons are at the adverttiers' school. Apply by letter to Preceptor, care of Mesrs. Allmsan and Co., bookseli ers Holborn-hill. DARENTS in I3DIA, or others who are desirous of .J their childree beiDg EDUCATElD as In a prIvate family, but with schcol system,will hind every home comfort with a lady who has formany yease brought up and ealloated children from InsdiV with a mothers care. Bbe Pas latelY retovel from town, having taken a irge house with beautifui grounds a few miles on the Great Western Line, that being considered more conduclie to their health than the air of London. There are two resident governetses (one a Palsiai), also a musicteacher. Thefirst martersattend. Unexceptionablereferenooe given and required. Address M. A. P., Mr. Poutena, stationer, Canasice,treet, city. 0 PARENTS and GUARDIANS-A famiy of T sisters residiug in a moat healthy part of the west end of Londoa, receive a very limited number of YtORG ILADIES for BOARD Edt.catlon, and the benefit ot first-rvte profemors for languages and accooplidshments. Kind and affeconate cave, with clowe *ttetlon to mooral and reitgloue kaining. may be reihed on. To chidren whese pasents are abroad, or to those deprived of maternal care, this would srovea hapVy and advansseow home. References given and requireds Address L. L, Mr. Kemp's, news agent, tho Lodge, Giflton-roAl, New Bromptos. FH E GERMABB and FREXOH PROTESTANT X OCOLL1EGE and PRINPAR&TORY aOROOL, Grovmseuhso. Vbaphacs.OOmmOu. watinUee essecesaly bo povere agndldetes for ev h rs of military r s6vil servioc. In tih InattuKion the pupls enjoy threoghont the most hibessi etr eut, and every care to the formation of gtie, abits andi masners. R il Attention bi gtald tea sossod EnJfl,k -'--'el. aontRltr, anti ooemraial enston, assd thos oultos. of Germ. acd Jresshi is such peto rsd entirely -the neoessuy of sendLng o9 dreus abroad for tIl aetuireent of these L saigus . Pereh proactus. with view ofpreiss &c., apl to the DIaobeor, the ReTv. . A. ITR NDE DREPARA&TORY EDUCATIONT for little BOYS, ..as mBrigton- 81, gUIneas Per=rater. For octuses apply to 1<. E,11Mr. imp6onsa lbrary. II, -g's'road, BrIiNhston. 0. 14 CORN WALAL-TERAC Reet's park. i~ -Te ~TDIE4for theemmontoerewiwllboREsU MAED by the Pupils of Miss D&VIa's establismaeut, on Tuea4ay, Scept, 22. Pr,.. BP, ctuses on applIcation). Vlery' repectable T ffaTlily WA N (p i;f letrer, pro-paid, to Kr. U. Jeree 1 uenseet, Da-tei oo v3 ell, Surrey. Suoprior and ueeful educatIon. A resident Par si an. li.clusive tornms LIe& per an...un, The hoise Is detached., with lawn and pleasure grouxnds, several acre In extenit. r-.Pr0oePctgees maxy be liad' on applicatiunt to Mdme_Bearniab.__ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ A LADY of high ltrr acquirernents, who has A-). educated younglaslv ofi- eltdrank, ha,s TWO VAQAN(~I1g9 is h.r wc.sb isaie.s, sitaisto atNtig.hilL Dr. Sterudaso Byrotst, Mry. J. B. h atterten. null other dhitingLisbcd lrrofesoor.s acoa,u, Addrees Alpha, 135, Regent-street. 1 lMRa EITCLE 10YA~ h ~is eduoatingz six~ puistwo of whorn are clergymen's tons, will shortly have a V ACYfor snother. or two brothers. To those requtiringl uunuual care -od attenti-n, this offers pecoliar advantages. Address Rev. X.Y., pb.ofll Ce. Hemel Hensistsleai Merls. L D ,residing in Brixton, wishes to H C k Aino erestasblishm,ent two or three LITTLE GIRLS. Tar is for ,o vd and instruction In Fnglish, French, mcsic, and dancing. £285 ler sinuuus. Address E. U.0G., 13, Russell aro)ve, Vvalsal-road, Nor'th -reiatoir. 'R0( IARENT n UHIN.Enain T1.A gentleman's eon,12ersoagorpwr,myheecid o.rh ost moderate t-rms. sPIAEP1I,i h aiyo cllrsyssa, Who wishes fo cepnsfoaotrppi Adrs Pvv P. W. Fowler. Bsihiknl.Bah r -URN iIAM-GREEN COLLEGIT COL 8Bo!ton'ihouse, acve miles west of L.ondon. Principal, the Rev, WILLI &3M OROSS, 235.k, Tho MICHAhLLNIAS TERM wvill Cr)Md. MENCE on Monday. Sent. 1qrn, when the duties of the school will ire Yesumed aftes the someser vacation, and new pupils will be adin,Wed. r ,( PARENTS LRAV.LNG for IINDIA_-A widow lady eon REOBI VlEtws, or three YOUNG CHILDREN, on moCe d,rate termns, to wh'sm shie offers a comfortable horse, a-nd inatru.tloa Io the usual branches of etementary education. References exchavgel. Ads!ross E.. R,29, Georgiaea.street, Camde,stowvn, N.W. r.['0 N0USIC an ndSI GINENT Es.A thgeir. -The mpr"cpa fof mbrideopliAn college of hirh reute WaDil erhapny tcolBa, R]) PAndEDUCATE miosttib erdyto ung men, rr a ulde 7 antroduced vy vacarsf,so of Otheobver scieneinrtnfo highs setm services twicTeormthic a0 wee, guna Address,with references,to F.hA U., Evans'lbrary, tlrpta.X Y.Hrdv,aus r ' NO L]j1E aRFGn-TaNd-tLE E ihn A thei eoDIns 'eame-d f Cebide-A mrried -irgyEa .1 byL the, widrw of an Indian oficer, ONE or TWO LI1'TLi fRLsto EDUCATE with her owrn, for whom she has a governess. Tihe chtildren would hive the bueufit of careful anid religious training, and change of air in the, autumn,i Address to X. 'k. Z., case of Mr. Edwroude, sews az-nt, Cstmcnas.S U. amiy, il behaipy o aksa oither'sCARE of agesitleinrien' CHILRAN.Theywillreesve afirst-rate education iinder Londson marts-s. ardtecoetaetin to their general traiuing alid we!fore. Referenc-es to offoera of sank. Terms 90 guineas. Address Mater, care of Wnm. Da woon and bo.5, 74. Csnnon'street, city. ..)-Mrst. and tho Mimses Ashby REMO ED their preparatory schiool last Christmas to the above address, Where every arrangemeut has been made that can promoteo the health aad comfort of the young gentlemen entrusted to tireir care. A prospectus wil be forwardad on -plilcation. '~OUBiDATIO SCHOOL,Enoeociivyfr th one of Gentl'-men Whose iueomes see limited. Board, sepa. rate bed, and superior education, including books, are rovsyded at a stet to the friends of 25 guineas annually. THREE VACANcIEs the enuiug electmo.. Address Head MAsuter, at dMr. Law's, 2113, Great Russell.strect. Bloomsbury. iSLE of WNICIHT- lterary genitleman, resident 1.four miles from Hd,alyan, highly connected, an-d of great experIence in tuitiou, RCIE FIVE JUNEIOII PUPILS. Terms 70 to 100 guineas. Thaosugsof redeo a climate or unequoalled z.aubrlty. a gentlemal oc oad nanunt of Individual attentioan not attainable to larger eatablithaesl Address X, poat-ullice, Ryde, 1Isle of Wight. 0O GB.NTLEM± ol RA.NkK.-A marrijed Graduago T ..in lonourrs of Camnbridge, aessited by a reaident French tutor itrermerly a memnber of too ('ollc Boturboni, receives a raw 8OIfS of Sr BLEaNiEN sodI GENTLEMT., intended for the universities, miili. Lacry and r-ublio schools, Sc. The locality Is remiarkably healthy, near & tdr3t-Class railway lstuono, end in the, beat part of Breks, Address Fs's. A . H ., 58, Great Q een-etrest, LncoonsluAnnfiolds, LON GTONSGdenhueam. -The Rev. S 1, IVE Pt(J P1135 who aetredievyrsenasembers of his own fa-tly. He intrcsfrteUvriis,ubc Schools, and Miltr olgs ecnas prepare candiae o h India direct alpitss.''em iguna a year ofor any period leess flrsnhsifa yer, 1 uieas monh; for iscIon t fortificetlon I NDIA.-A London clergynian(ititW) aei the Indian army, ans qunalified as inter-preter, receives PUPILS in iflIBDiIrITANI, and also Prepares Geuerally for the Aroy Exanil.1 nalions. Address Rev. W'.D. H., DarlingsBlIbrary, 81, Great Queen. street, rc!'-tndi. JEWi ARMvY and NAV EAMINAT-IONS- INCAI)ET6 PRtEPARED for Wcolwich, Saudhiurst, Adjiscombe, n,rd the Navy, at North 0Oheamro'hooe, nearflarshalton, Sorrey, by the Rev. ALFRED BRET M.A. Terms 7In guineas. Z PREPARiES CA.NDIDATES for direct ppitotienve Lately beILITs.AserecI onl &C Cambfe d thyso Ass CandidatRESfr Ev FNLMEN for thelil-ILIrAiyEIXAMINATIONS ani U7NIVERSITIES. Several of his pupils have lately passed at the Serct trial for Addiscombe and the Eal. Cmpany's service direct. Address M. A., 7, Dorechester.place, Blandford.square. ILITARY and CASICAL INS`TfU~CTIOI. LT,-8&NXDHURST LODGE. Queen's-road west, Regent~s-park.... Grntlemen desiroois of being rapidly prepared for examiination at Sandhurst. Addieconibe, and other colleges are infornied that tho sseprued for many ycars bythe l-Ate Captain f,talkin is continued Ldtiner mtoe ghuidance ofthe same experiencedminaters. Especial care is taken to insure the encasesof candidates, and every ellort made to Pro note geutlemairly tastes and habits, aPpis have the advantageoor separate studies if required. Appily to J. Plrior Farmer. Bee_, B.A.. mensdnt nmster. HR.JAN SON tnrighton.-M. JN O ,aFec FMAPotsat frely preceptor tohi Roa igns Prnoe Ge' rge Of tmeln,receivesa s elecm n iitdnme of PU PILS oprprem thepbiscol,tsmiarclegsan civil eneiirere Bsdes h lsis itr,gorpy s,mts French are te mediuin of c'rsver-ato,aethesblhmn mat desirable for those sIrtined to the hihrmrcniepofsIn 1. J., who~ for mar's thiau 20 years has preparedwt ucson getle. mrS for lbs army direct, las alesoVacancies nti eatet References green to offiers swhom he has intsce,Foaticuars and te ns aridr1rss lC6.L.anoveplc.rgho, I)OYAL NAVA SABIHENXT,Sout~hsoa, IL conducted biy 1Mr. THOMAS EAiSTMA.N, R.N.. 20 yesrs' Naval Instructor in Ilre Majesty's service. The course of stonly embrace every branch roqriieri by ths new Admiralty Rtegulation of February 23, 1857. The following gentlemen passed from tbls establishraent and enttrel Her Majesty's service Augs 8:-Messr. C. W. Jones J. W. Bract,enbrtry, W. G. Leaos V. EL" cameron, F. H. D'Ezte J.riA: ha., J. T. Kellett,I, H1. "Justice, F Dodsworth, A. GrenfeAl, . Schoh,i,lid, J. Asien, F. B. Bieghie, H. Everitt, E. Kinsman, F. A, Ogle, H. Frampton, Since ito fonndat',,n In 1821 291 gentlemen havye parsed for naval cadetts, and upwards of 110 for marine cadets, masiters' assistants, as. A residenit French master. IU'OR he 1ETL IENTr.A CL~ASS is in ~form.% tr ion, and will open on Mionday, September 7th, to qualify a few y0.,g rensleo as GOVERNESSES. These only possessing a good w.de,starnding and tolarable capacity can be received, Terms to h dtexrpae~d by the reqluirements and Individual position of tho candid%sts, Applications re,pectit'g interview, &c., to be mnade in lbs firstt Insotance bry letter, to H. S., Stanesby's pest-office, 1791, bloane.st,, SAW` rgHE UV IIIVER1lS.-A graduate ofrthe ~Univc-r~ .1 s~Hite y1oxf.~ord, havine received his previous education under the I .rec ce-hrated i)r, Vaipy, of .earilng, will RECEIVE two or three GENITLEMEN stIdying for the Universities, or for their examina. ti, n there, to read and quralify themselves for their benst and linal d. gree. Address, by letter, to J. B., to the care of Hookhamn and ii' -, librory, (Id Bond-street. I'Mu.BUNSET, from Paris, asitbor of the Normal System fo& Speaking French fluently. RECEIVES PUPILS as1 his own rtidence, anti prepares young gentlemen for their examination. Address to H. Bruone, 77, Warwick-street,RsReget's.quadrant, I-i'EN CH warranted to he TA-UFIft i~n three~ .1'moniths-real and trustwortliy engagemnent, and only paid for if the perty can speak French. The advertiser is doctor-in law, late Bar. riste of the Royal Court of 2'acis, snd can give the mosat satisfactory roireurecs. Adoress to D.B. I.3, H,rwrick.slreet, Oxford-Btreet. OTIE.-r. ARX'W celebrated COUDRSEIS in theo N R NC, Lti ,Ger an,GeehandItalan-hLTA -GUAES JCtruhthe medium of English or French, grainmaticst.y and U) convermuon Every kind of translation done, hc. Families and schools at'ondd Dit mnoo no object. Terms moderate. Apply to ProfeessorrL ttaur 11, Up per Cliffton-treet, Finsbury. J 'IITY of ODNCASSfrFEC n ~J_C-ERMAN', and Fozeign Corresson ence, Tokenhouse-chambers, Lothbrury. Cor.de.cted by lSr. BUOMHEIII, late Editor of the Deritsthes Atbeyizuin. New classe for beginners this mnonth, Morning ladles' classes.IPrivate lessons during the daytime at the sham. bore. Ap'ply nereonly at the chambers on Tuesday or Friday even' :~b I.Slto Dalr. hunobhetim, 19, Claphans-1ark-terrace,Clapsu.N .kelet mornring and evening classe are being formed at iShe professor's pTivate residence at Clspham. HORTH{AND.-PRACTICAL INSTRUCTIONS Sin this useful ART, with Exam§es and 1llustrations, post free. 13 stomps.Address Mr. ltobson, 14), elson-street, BiehopwearmoutIL The syrtet tobimple,and may be readily learnt. SHORtT-HAND RENDEREDso SIMIPLE astobhe EASILY ACQUIitED.-COLEMAN's SYSTEM is more contr.cted than any biteerto published. It affords xitmtenss facility to ',e learner. Price ln 6.., with numerous Plates, by poet for IsSstamps. IV. and H. S. Ware, stationers and prit-otrs, 63, H!gh Holborn. ~USl.--pIA O, ingng, and Harmony .e.,jTA GI T, y aladyof xpeiene, n moderate terms, who is higly iusitisi y hr esy nd greabl mehodof uiton o Isaro theraidandbrllantprgrssof erpuils Shols ttndd.Ad. CIGTAUGHT, by Mr. and Mrs. GEORGE D ABANRNIT, at ill the Ros Brewer-street, GOlden-quare, ia.e orivt le'SOne 'In any of tefashionable dances at all house, to gPUe roeinleinen. Schools and families attended. The rooms may be engaged ocsasiecally. fANCIN G at TURNER'ES ACADEMY, 5, Blomn. D f7 isld-Btreet, Finsbury-circus. Re-dseamted and improved, In. struction at any hour, In all the new and fashionable danoess Cissees on Mlondays and Thursda1s Juvenile clwas Wednesday and Saturday aftersoons. Schools 'anod families attended. Opening BalL, Monday, bept. 7. All old pupils free. P RINCES's CONERT ROMS Castle-street, Oxfrdstret~PAMprsN'sECLEde DAN SE will Ope for he eavn o Modaynex, Spteber7. Tuition and practico evey eenog.fro Sto alf.pst 1, t s. erlessen, Private lessons UA. DANSE et le MAINTIEN.-Mr. HENRY L3.KoNDON, who has the distiaguished honour of being appointed ttoe lntoststor in dancing and deportment 10 the famil of their Royal I-lighueswes the Duke and Duchess of Montpenaler dttring their residence in this country, respectfully informs schools and families in trs, or country,tth athis addressis 21a , Solso.eqmaes. -?NF x. WINTERLBOTTOM's LSE- o .13_1 FENCING, Gymnastics, ano CalisthenicswilbREU D the first week In September, at his school. aertclil,Nw S-bools of both sexes attended in and out of town atclr e p plication. PP R and Co. tT r and Carr) Rms'-.n I t"~stuuers of GA.LVAZ) N n GAV NID ITINHUD IRON, in sheets, tiles, iron roofs, clsteras, tauks, lroak feInceatelrapkwires,andatea,es Merchantas adshippessspUPP,L, -Offices, 61, t 0 R . LoatSon. o~d.sirosfoclaning Wheat K.- A~JUSTkuL~ WAIRAOES, wislrh Fectsally cleaee he urMe o th paes,cenm'ssaysles. lene, ael. o othr rbbsh,sa cano chke.Aply o . S TYLH, nglesSe,
THLE MUTAIIPS IN INDIA. We continue to publish from the numerous letters forwarded to us by the friends and relatives of officers in India such as contain any new details or matter of particular interest. DELHI. The following is from an officer in command before Delhi:- " Camp before Delhi, June 23. "This was the 100th anniversary of the battle of Plassey, and the Pundits pronounced our fall this day (so it is said). It was likewise the first day of the new moon-a favourable omen for Mlussulmans, and also the Ruth Juttra, a great day for the Hindoos. Fighting began wi'th daylight, and very fortunataly the bridges over the canals had been blown up during the night, which prevented the enemy getting guns across and attacking us in the rear. 0- with hi; troop, some Sikhs, and a few Europeans, was escorting a laTge convoy of supplies. I was sent out with my troop and a squadron of Lancers to protect him. The heat was intense. You may fancy setting out on the bare plains on the 23d of June. " Young B-, of the Lancers, caught three niggors who pretended to be ryots, butt they were more probably spies. I could elicit little from them. "It was nov near 11 a.m. I heard firing, and instantly advanced to 0 --' support. Some infantry and cavalry were harassing his rear, but two shots from his guns knocked over eight brutes, and they dispersed. I formed in his rear, and, after seeing every scrap of baggage safe into camp, went and reported the same. I got to my tents by 12, and was ordered to keep horses harnessed and men ready to tarn out. I sent horses to water and then harnessed in again. All this time there was thehardest fighting going on on our right, and in front, the whole of the gardens of the Subzee M7undee being strongly occupied by the evenin. " Jano 27. "Of course, all England is now in an uproar, and though every living soul here may be murdered vengeance will follow. Sach an army must now be en route as could reconquer the country from Calcutta to Peshawur. Hence. forth, perhaps, Christians, Mehturs, and Choomars* will be considered as best entitled to the highest posts in the land, and the curse of God may be removed from us for supporting idolatry, and giving the highest instead of the lowest consideration to Brahmins and Mussulmans. Oh that reinforcements could come by rail ! We get no news from below Delhi except vid Bombay. "sJune 2S. " Reinforcements came in this morning of about 1,000 men, and there are some few more in the rear with stores. The heavy rain may have soaked some, bat it has proved a great blessing, laid the dust, and now, at 2p.m., the thermometer, instead of being 106, is just over 80. There is no firing going on, and the day being Sunday it seems more like a day of repose and calm than any I can remember for along time. " June 30. "An attack this morning, but our forces having been augmented we have been able to put a picket in the Subzee Mrundee. The mutineers found it a very different thing dislodging our troops from simply walking into the Subzee Mundee unopposed and leaving us to drive them from their strong cover. The consequence was that the attack was feeble and of short duration. A force went at 4 p.m. to seize some guns in position at the Eedgah. Not a gun was seen nor an enemy. This night passed quietly. "July 1. "The 61st came in with band playing. It is, I fancy, the only regiment in camp which has a band. " Received orders at midnight to send out two guns to escort in Coke's Punjab Irregulars at daybreak. "July 3. "All quiet yesterday. There are in Coke's corps a great many 'Poorbeas' or Hindoostanees; one of these brutes, a Subahdar, tried hard to persuade the whole regiment to murder their officers, and go over to Delhi, saying it was God's will the Feringhee ' Raj't should cease. The Pathan instantly reported the conspiracy to Coke. The Subahdar and Duffadar and one other man were hanged last evening. Tho Poorbeas in the regiment were disarmed, and are, I believe, to be paid up to-day, and kicked out of camp. "There was heavy rain last night. Everything arranged to storm Delhi, only we did not storm it ! All countermanded again ! "July 7. "Under arms at daybreak. Attack expected; it has not come off. "July 9. "Heavy rain this morning. Attack expected. At 9 a.m., none having taken place, we went to breakfast, and had not long turned in when the alarm sounded. The enemy's cavalry, joined by some of our own 9th Irregulars were sweeping through our camp. It was a bold strokec They tried to carry off the Native Horse Artillery with thaem. f5iA. - 1r a-ted_ It was pouring with rain all day long, and we were under arms for hours in the rain after everything was over. Now I suppose the Irregular Cavalry will be disarmed and turned out of camp. " July 10. "A court of inquiry is sitting on the 9th I. C. business. It appears that the enemy deceived everybody, by advancing as friends, and pretending they were the 9th. In fact, on the road, close to my tent, a large force formed up quietly, and when Rod.Son, of the Guide Corps, rode up, and asked who they were, the men, finding our whole camp under arms, quietly said 'We are the 9th Irregulars; go and bring up the rest of your regiment; the enemy Is in front;' and thus walked slowly to the bridge leading out of our camp, then made a rush, and bolted. It was ahbold thing to do, but resulted in nothing. Young Hils, of the ArtiUlery, a sub in Harry Tombs's troop, had received a sabre wound, and was just being cut down when Harry shot the trooper with his revolver, and thon ran another man through with his sword. "The Sibzee Mundee was then swept through by our troops, and some 200 of the enemy killed, and many wounded; and, though a day of most hard fighting, resulted, as usual, in our complete success. We have now beaten them in the morning, daytime, in the evening, In the heat of the sun, and the wet, which Blackey notes, and they have never yet gained anything by any of their encounters. They must begin to feel that our Raj is not yet over. But how I do wish we could get some inteUigence from below, to know whether we have got hold of the China force yet, and also what troops are coming up: there must be some. As this letter must go round by Lahore, and through Mooltan, I don't know how many days it will bake; so I think, if we are left in quiet to-morrow morning -i may as well post It. " "July ll. "The enemy turned out in force last evening, expecting an attack from us. We, of course, were instantly under arms. It was raining hard and resulted in both sides turning inthat is, the enemy went back and we therefore turned in again. These frequent attacks, though always resulting in our success, put some of our men hors de combaL Wo must have enormous reinforcements from England if we are to hold India, and, in spite of peacemongers and economists, the country must be held as it was won-by the sword." The following letter is from an Engineer:- " Camp before Delhi, July 12. "Cholera, I am sorry to say, is in the camp, and I write this by the side of what I fear may be the deathbed of an excellent fellow of my regiment. I have been with him all night, and he appears better now, so he may survive it, but cholera just now is very deadly. .. . . I must tell you of a noble aotion of HiUs, of the Artilery. He was in my term at Addiscombe, and one of my greatest friends. Three days ago he was on picket with his two-horse artillery guns, when the alarm was sounded and an order sent him to advance, given under the impression that the enemy were at some distance. He was supported by a body of Carbineers, 80, I believe, in number. He advanced about 100 yards, while his guns were being limbered up to follow, and suddenly came on about 120 of the enemy's cavalry closo on him. DLisgraceful to say, the Carbineers turned and bolted. His guns being limbered up he could do nothing, but rather than fly he charged them by himself. He fired four barrels of his revolver and killed two men, throwing the empty pistolin tbe face of a6nother, and knocking him off his horse. Two horsemen then charged full tiltat him and rolled him and his horse over. He got up with n weapons, and, seeing a man on foot coming at him to cut him down, rushed at him, got inside his sword, and hit him full in the face with his fist. At that moment he was cut down from behind, and a second blow would have done for him, had not Tombs, his captain, the finest fellow in the service (who had been in his tent when the row began), arrived at the critical moment and shot his assailant. Hills was able to walk home, though his wound was severe, and on the road Tombs saved his life once more, by sticking another man who attacked him. If they don't both get the Victoria Cross it won't be worth having. .. ... . Y ou will be glad to hear I have beoen thanked by the Commander-in-Chief in brigade orders about a battery which is now named after me. " I hope we ahall assault before I write again. Directly we do so the place is ours" MEERUT. The following is a letter from an officer's wife who, with her husband and children, escaped from Delhi on the 11th of May:- " Camp, mearmt, July 9 and 10. "If you could ee me at this moment wrtlaiz Yo * SwsepETs and ohklea~~~~~~~~~~ would be rather surprised. We have been driven oat of tents by the rains coming on, and have got soma comfortable quarters in a large open building with large arches al round, bat no doors; it is, I believe, a place f(.r guns. We have got a strip in the centre, with a kind of matting put up three-quarters of the way to the roof on *ach side for the waUs, on the other side of which, on one side, are about 50 artillerymen and the other side is an office. We look upon our abode as quite a palace, having it to ourselves, instead of haviLg one corner of a room in which are many other persons allotted to us. The rain is pouring down at this minute and running down the walls inside in plenty of places, but that is nothing. Williamn and the ohddren are aLI in their beds fast asleep, but I am afraid oisbeing late with my letter to-morrow, and so om writing now. f did not tell you, I think, that we have lost everything we had. On that dreadful morning-the 11th of May-William had duty in the city, and left home in a hurry, hearing that something was going wrong. He returned shortly, bat only to tel me that every officer with bim had been killed in the space of a few minu-tes. His was saved, humnanly speaking, by two guns making their appearance through the city gate at the moment of time, at sight of which the wretches turned and gaUoped eff. He left me again in five minutes to return to Delhi with the regiment for whioh he had been tent. We parted then with little hope oT meetinag again, and, having no one to consult with what to do, I ordered the carriage, in order to go to orr major's house close by, to see what his wife was going to do. I put all ths children into it that we might not be separated by any chance, fully intending to retorn in a few minutes, but tt our gate I fell in with nearly all the ladies in the slation in their carriages going up with a regiment to a smaU tower on a hill in the station. I was made to follow in the procession, and thus we took leave of our comfortable home and aU it contained. That night every house was plundered of everything in it, and then burnt to the ground, and of all our poor servants we have not since been able to hear a word; four came with us-those who left the house loth with myself and withWiUiam-but of the rest we know nothing, and I have many fears as to what became of them aw if all had been right I feel sure that they would have followed us in some way, several of them having been with us ever slnce we came out. Our coachman and children' ayah set off to Delhi three days ago, dressing themselves as beggars, in order to make some inquiries aboat their families. We begged them not to enter Delhi, and they promised not to do so. SLould they do so they wiU be almost sure to be kUed; they wiU return to us in a few days, we hope. " To return to the 11th of May. We aU (which meaus almost every European about the place) remained in the small tower which I mentioned aU that day, but, it being evident towards the evening that there was no chance for cur lives there, hearing that the brutes were coming to murder us all as soon as they had refreshed themselves after their other murderous deeds, we all left in carriages, on horseback, on foot, or any means that presented themnEelves, and, taking any road that parties thought the best, we arrived the next evening at Meerut in company with some others, having come the whole distance with our own poor borses, only stopping day or night to bait for an hour or two here and there. We little thought, on making for this place by cross country roads, that we should find it much in the same state as where we had left, but so it was-houses burnt and burning met our disappointed eyes, and just as it was dark we had to drive through one of the worst and most dangerous parts of Meerut. The mutineers were standing about in groups where there had been fighting up to 12 o'clock that very day, but through the mercy of God nO one attempted to touch us, and at last we arrived at a messhouse, where the officers came out (it was then quite dark) and gave us up a house belonging to one of them close by, and sent us everything we so much needed besides, telling us that we had had a wonderful escape in coming through Meerut as we had done, and expressing great surprise. The same work had gone on here as at Delhi-ladies and children murdered alike with the officers." AGRA. The following, is from an officer in comimand at Agra- "Agra Fort, July 16. It is with great thankfulness and sincere deligh' I once more sit down to write to my beloved parents. I scarcely know when I wrote last, or how to begin the little history I hope to send off to-day. I think shortly after my last it was that, our second in command being sick, I was ordered out from Gwalior, with two companies of my regiment and a squadron of cavalry to take away 41 lacs of trealure from a detachment of the 53d, who were supposed to bh mutinously inclined. Well, off I went, and in due course got the treasure without fighting for it, and brought it into the presidency all right. All this time our own regiment was almost in open mutiny, and no one ever expected (so 'na' 4A1A -- ---*-) s -AA ma return again. This was only the Friday morning, and Sunday, as you winl learn from the papers, was the fatal day for us. It was Sacrament Sunday, and I went to church, but at 12 o'clock up went the mess-house in flames, and, there being a strong wind, it was soon burnt down, as weU as the bath and another bungalow. The Sepoys were then even crying out, ' Here's a tamasha (or row), but wait and see the one that will come off to-night.' But even in the face of this the authorities never doubted the safety of Gwallor. The day passed off, and we went to bed as usual, but shortly afterwards we were aroused pretty quickly by the whole of the troops having risen, and lined all the roads, with the determination of killing all Europeans they could lay their hands on. We both got up and dressed as quickly as possible, and, putting a bag of money into my bearer's hands, I mounted my horse to go to my regiment, telling him to take every care of my poor wife. What were my feelings at this moment I cannot exactly describe, as I knew what I had to expect, and yet it was my duty t go and do my best; so I went away frean my home, which I never saw again. As soon as I got out into the road I was joined by M'Kellar and Ryves (12th), who had just escaped from Jhansl, and we were regularly hustled down to parade by crowds of Sepoys, who put their arms between our legs and the saddles, as much as to say, I Do not attempt to bolt.' Before we got 100 yards we sustained three volleys from men not 15 yards off, but were not touched. The fourth volley saluted us just as we passed the head of the Grenadier Company, one ball of which shot my poor charger right through the heart. He fell dead on me, and I had the greatest difficulty in extricating myself, expecting a bayonet in my back every moment. In getting from under him I tore off my boot, so proceeded to parade without it, as retreat was hopeless. The first thing I saw almost was poor Major Blake lying mortally wounded, shot through the lungs. They said it was useless even to unfasten his coat, but I insisted on It, and did it myself, placing his head on my shoulder, and trying to make lhim speak; but it was no good; 'he poor feUlow was dying fast. They made an attempt to carry him to the hospital, and we went the other way to try and get round to the rear to escape. All the time we were with Blake we were surrounded by hundreds of mutineers, but none touched us. After we got into the light cavalry lines the firing was very trisk, and we all thought it was al over with us, but a merciful Providence watched over us, and not a baU hit us. Those who were mounted were then able to get off, made a rush for it, crossed the river, and made straight across c ountry for Agra, leaving me in this delight'ful predicament. Just at this moment three Sepoys caught hold of me, and , aid they would try and save me. They threw off my hat, tore off my trousers and the remaining boot, covered me as well as they could with my horse-cloth, which my groom hadbrought along with us, and, putting me betweenthe two, the third walked in front, and what between knocking up one man's musket whose bayonet was just at my back and declaring I was one of their wives we got through all the entries and crossed the river. They thenvwanted me to make the best of my way eff, saying that the chances were ten to one that my wife was killed by that time, but I told them plainly I would not try to escape withont her. After a great deal of persuading they took me down the banks of the river (the opposite side of which was regularly lined with sentries to prevent escape) till we came opposite our house, where they set me down, and one man said, ' Now I will go and bring yonr wife to you if she is alive ;' so oF he went, and after about 20 minutes of the most agonizing suspense dear hI- and I met agAin. Bat how? AS beggars, turned out oi house and home, and without a farthing in the world; no clothes but those on our backs; and in this plight we commenced our jounmey, deeply thankfal for our escape; but in despair at leaving our homes and the little things that made it dear to us-all your likenesses hung up, our nioe books, my dear old violin, and all our plate, glass, clothes, papers, even our money and letters-everything we had In the world. My own guard at the house robbed the bearer of the money I gave him to do ,%hat he could for hf-; her watch and chain, which she had in her hand, were taken from her also. I must say the three Sepoys with us behaved splendidly. Seeing poor hlwas unable to walk, they tied my horsecloth in a sort of bag fashion on to a musket, put her into it, and placing the butt and muzzle on their shoulders, oarried her in this Way seven miles till we leached the Residency, by which time I could hardly put my feet to the ground, from walking barefoot over the thorny ground. On arriving there we met three other people just escaped, and I got an elephant, on wrhich we all mounted, intending to seek further pretection in the Lushkur with the Maharajah, whws lob of people had gone; but before we had got half a mile -we met nearly a dozen c iags, all in ful glop, eompanled by the body guard, iu full retreat back to the Rslaenoy. Well, we went 'bout ship' in less than no time, and a party of Sowrars were left with us, and we soon afterarrived, -where mutual congratulations were exchanged, and in half-an bour we were all provided with carriages and set off to Agra. By about 2 o'clock we reached the first stage bungalow, where we alighted, and soon after got a bit of chanpattie (or native bread) and a little water, and after some hours we resumed our journey, which was one continued series of alarms, with hunger and dL'comforts, till we arrived at Dhotepore, from whence we were provided with native carts (for the ladies to ride in) and elephants, to make the best of our way into Agra (36 miles). Poor M- kept up bravely, bht we wore so dead asleep that we could hardly keep on the elephant; bot the beast's broad back prevented our falling off By daylight v;e reached the 'Politicals,' Major Macpherson's, where M-was so exhausted that he most kindly sent her on in hiscarriage with hissister; andtheysoon reachedAgra, where after some t!me she recovered, and has been getting better ever since. Mrs. Polwhele sent her some clothes, andI got some from Fra7er, of the 44th; and in a fow days we got a quota of our pay, which was to last us a precious long time. We have now a room in the fort, and I am appointed Superintendent of the 1st division of the Commissariat. We are 7,000 people in the fort, aU living in gunsheds and casemates; the appearance of the interior is amusing, and the streets are named. We have Regent, Oxford, Quadrant, Burlington, and Lowther Arcade. Ours is Trafalgar.square, Nos. 48 and 49. I can hardly believe all that has happened to us, but I trust aU wil soon be over now, and the heartless murderers of women and children strong up by dozens." JUBBULPORE. The following narrative is from an officer whose position enables him to give accurate information:- " Jubbulpore, July 12, closed 21. "So far we are safe, and have been most mercifuly preserved. "On the 2d inst. I sent off my last letter to you; on the 4th, hearing that the 42d and the 3d Irregular Cavalry at Saugor, had mutined, and were coming this way, I held a counci of war, when we resolved to fortify my house, and aU come into it. "At 8 o'clock p.m. we aU accordingly sat down to dinner, Come 49 of us, ladies and men, besides 15 children. We also slept here, and next day busUy set to work to fortify and provision the garrisen. "II appointed three garrison engineers, two commissariat officers, a postmaster, garrison staff, and, in fact, told off nearly every man for some particular duty. " We have made my house a very strong fort, and you would not know it again; aU its beauty is gone ; but who Cares so long as our lives are preserved and we keep our health ? " Clerk and I have your dressing-room as our bedroom; eight and 10 gentlemen occupy the north and south rooms, and from four to eight ldies and lots of chUidren several rooms. The west verandah and entrance-hail are complete barracks. " A few days after we came here we heard of the Indore and Mhow mutinies and that the mutineers were coming here, but fortunately no enemy came. " The Dummow district has gone to ruin, and is in a complete state of anarchy. Saugor is nearly as bad. The Brigadier has shut all the officers up in the fort there. " The 42d and great part of the 3d Irregulars have mutinied; the 31st Regiment have not, but a few days ago (under their native officers) attacked the rebels and drove them out of the place, Pinkney and Hamilton, two of my officers, assisting them ; and, althougb all the officers of the 31st wituessed the fight and wished to join, the Brigadier would not allow them. " The 52d are behaving very weU here, and I have ordered them fuU batta to the end of the year, and shaU reeommend it as a permanent reward if they remain stanch ; but, toteU the truth, I doubt the regiment being much better than any other. Circumstances alone keep them quiet. There is no treasure. We merely coUect enough to pay ourselves and them. If they plundered the country they could not take away the property, as the Boondelas would joot and murder them, &c. I am making arrangements, such as I can, to restore Dammow, and if I succeed in that object I thiak we shall hold our post safely till you send us Euro- " July 14. " Still, Almighty God has preserved us in safety and health. Yoa may suppose the responsibility I have, but I keep weU and sleep wvell when not woke up by expresses and ordering dtks, which come in at aU hours day and night. The 52d mess manage everything in the khana peno.line (eating and drinking); ladies and gentlemen aU dine together-a strange scene, quite a barrack life. In the evening a few of us drive out; others ride and walk in my park, as we caunot afford above six or eight to leave the garrison together. We have stored lots of provisioas, and are digging a weU in the Zenana compound. "I have not heard from the Agra GovAnI' fo,t T six weeks, but write daily to the z3apremo Government, and as yet the Governor-General has approved all my doings. " Pinkney is at Saugor watohing the course of events. He is a fLne gallant feUow. The Rao of Goorsrai is managing Jaloun; the Ranee, Jhansi; the Rajah of Baupore, Chandhairee; butI fear the latteris not faithful. I have now got the post-office in my verandah. They hanged the deputy postmaster at Saugor the other day for opening my letters and giving information to the mutineers. " A moveable column has been ordered up to our assistance by the Governor-Gencral from Kamptee, and when it arrives (about the 1st proximo) I shaL accompany it, first going to Dummow, then to Saugor, and halt there for the Bombay column, which I ho?e wiU come up rit Indore and BhopaL " Alas, alas ! more of our friends are gone. Dear noblehcarted Blake, shot dead in his own lines at Gwalior by a scoundrel. The other men threw themselves on his body and wept, and then mutinied. I must now stop. The troops in this division are now quiet. We only have the rebellious Boondelas to thrash. Al goes on well ; thank God for His mercy ! "W. C. E." THE MUTINY AT JHELLTJM. The following are extracts from a letter received from the wife of a medical officer connected with Cork. The Captain Spring whose fate will occasion grief to a number of families was son of the late Colonel Spring, of Kerry. After 1S years' service he had risen to the position of second on the list of captains of the regiment, and might, therefore, have naturally expected that his promotion to the rank of Major would soon take placeo: '-Mhurree, Jully 13. "My Dear -,-On the lst of July three companies of hier Majesty's 24th Regiment, with five oEficers, under the command of Colonel E;lice, wvere ordered to march towards Lahore, the only orders Colonel EUice got being, ' When you get to JThelum, half way to Lahore, telegraph your arrival.' It now seems that their movement was intended to disarm the 14th Native Infantry at Jhelum. " On the morning of the 7th they marched into Jhelum and found the 14th Native Infantry drawn up on parade to hear an order read. The moment they saw the 24th they fired a volley at them; the 24th instantly charged the 14th into their lines, and had most awful work, for the wretchos had fortified their huts, loopholed the walls, &c. " Some of the 14th retired to a village which had also been fortified. There the 24th foUowed them, and there was a renewal of dreadful havoc. Ioor Captain Spring was daking from Rourkee, and arrived at Jhelum the morning of the mutiny. He, alas, was mortally wounded that day, and died on the foUowing. "Colonel EUice was severely wounded in the neck and thigh, arnd poor Mr. Streatfield wounded in both legs; one leg has been amputated, and the other, they fear, must come off. Mr. Chichester was wounded through the arm. Twenty-four men were burled with poor Captain Spring on the 9th, and 50 woumded, some very badly, now remain in hospitaL The moment - heard of it he started off for Pindee to offer hiLs services for the wounded and he was sent off at oneo to Jhelum in a d.'k at Govern ment expense. I had the happiness of getting a few lines from him this morning, telling me he would arrive at Jhelum at 2 o'clock p.m., on the Uth, and was going day and night, and suffering from terrible heat. I trnst the Lord will protect him, but these are terrible times. "There was a slight brush at Pindee also on the 7th, when the 58th Native Infsntry and 200 of the 14th Native Infantry stationed there 'Were disarmod. Some of tho Sepoys fired and then took to their heels. Only one officer was wounded in pursuing them, and they wenr all captuLred. " The 46th Native Infantry at Sealkote mutinied on the 9th, and, I regret to say, murdered several officers. They, howvere, proteoted the ladies and children, and some Sahibs saw them safe into the fort. Then tho regiment took carriages, buggies, &c., and off they started with their arms down country. Colonel Brown, with all the available (ILM.) 24th which were at Jhelum, has started for WuzoorAbad to try and intercept these wretches of the 14th Native Infantry. More of Her Majesty's 24th started last night from Pindes for Jhelum."
HYDERABID. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TDS. Sir,-I do not see in Ah Tina of Satuqrduy or Monday any particuar account of what iS cIl d in eeReral tarms a " di0tnrLanoW' at Hyderabed, quickly suppreed. Now, as Hydeorbad is the plsoe of aU others ix aoutheam India where an insurreotion Is mogt likely to oour, ani raost to be feared in its conmfuecoex, sud as May stor7 i likely to interest wbich teIls of the faithful action of Madras troops, I venture to send yon a few detali&of the disturbances in question. On Thursday, the 16th of July, intelligenoe was received at the Residency, which stands clear of the c.t7, but at a distance of somne fewr miles from the cautonmmepts, that the imob in the city was mnob excited, and that a scheme was on foot to press the Nizam to demand the release of certain deserters from the Aurungabad regiment, and, f4iling success in that, to attack the Residency. Thegatheringfor the fray was tobe after the midday prayers on the following day. Notice was sent from the Residency to SalarJung, tbeNizam's Sinister, and preparationsweremado to meet the attack. At 1 o'clock on the Fridaythere came a messenger from Salar Jung to the Residency to say that the people, after meeting at prayer, had dispersod quietly, and that he tbought the storrn had passed; but about 5 o'clock came another messenger with a different story.-tho Minister had ascertainod, he said, that at least 500 men had stolen out of the city, a few at a time, so as to escape notice, and that the Resident must be on his guard. Not a moment was lost, the guard (including three guns of a troop of Madras Native Horse Artillery) turned out, and just as the artillery got olear of the Residency compound the mob came swarming up to the attack. Thegans, under the command of Captain Holmes, opened on them at once, and a few rounds of grape settled the business. The mob, carrying with them twenty or thirty of their comrades, dead or wounded, dispersed in the bazaar and among the neighbouring houses, and night coming on, pursuit was not thought advisable. One of the leaders, a Rohilla, was brought in the next day desperately wounded; indeed, it is thought that he will elude the hangman's attentions. From the 17th, when the attack took place, to the 23d. the date of my brother's letter, no fresh disturbance had taken place, but the Resident had obtained an addition to bis gnard, and was fully prepared to meet a more formidable attack than that of the 17th. Still, they hope that the lesson taught on that day wi!l not be easily forgotten. My brother speaks with much ssuranoo of the friendly disposition of the young Nizam and of his Minister, and it seems certain that if we do keep clear of a serious outbreak at Hyderabad we shall owe much to Salar Jnng. I am, Sir, yours obediently. C. E. THORHIL.
SATT(40Th TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMES. Sir,-As the mention made of the 31st Regiment Native Infantry at Saugor in the last telegraph from Triesto is somewhat obscure, the annexed extract of a letter from Benares will be, perhaps, acceptable to yourself and of interest to those of your readers who have friends or connexions in that regiment. Yours obediently, U "The 31st Native Infantry and 40 of the 3d Irregular Cavalry attacked the mutineers of the 42d and 3d Irregular Cavalry at half-past 2 p.m. of the 7th inst. (Xuly), under their native officers, Captain Pinlkney, Deputy-Commis3 sioner, Lieutenant W. HamiUton, and hIr. Bell, Collector of Cnstoms, three patrols and a large body of police helping tbem. The 42d vvere completely routed, many killed and vounded, and several prisoners taken. The 31st Native Infantry retook the large signal gun and six commissaat elephants. Next day the same party chased the mutineers, but could not overtako them. There is not a mutineerlef at Saugor. None of the European officers were present on eitber occasion, having been ordered into the fort by the Brigadier. The 31st gave up the gun and "lephants, and swore solemnly to be ' faithful to their salt."
LUCPKNOW- TO THE EDJTOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It may be some satisfaction to the friends of those who are shut up in Lucknow to know something of the capacity of the officer who sucoeeds so distinguished a nan as Sir E. Lawrence. Major Banks has been in India 28 years, is a first-rate linguist, and has seen much active service; among other campaigns he served in the second expedition to Cabul. He filled the office of Deputy Secretar) to the Government of India Military Department for some years, and in that capacity went through Scinde with Lord Earx dinge, and Pegu with Lord Dalhousie. The latter nobleman appointed him to be his military secretary, and sent him from Ootacamund to Lueknow two years ago on business connected with the annexation. He is commissioner in Oude in charge at Lucknow, and so succeeds his late chief. Sir C. Napier, in a letter dated May 31, 18.50, thus writes:"There are some glorious magistrates, who really do exalt the henonr and power of England in the East. I came through a district governed by a Mr. Banks. I do not know him, I never saw him, but I really felt proud of my countryman. Yet even there I saw tyranny by the Board wbhich rules the Pnnjab; he cannot help that, all he does himself is splendid." I am vours &sc.. B. September L
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI3fE& Sir,-I request the favour of the insertion in your paper of the following circamstance, as many English are at this season going abroad, and it is right they should be warned of vwhat they may expect to meet with on the LombardoVeneto Railway. On the 27th of July last I travelled with my wife from Milan to Desenzano, on the Lago di Garda, and on arriving at the hotel we found my wife's lnggage had been broken into, and from a small jevelcase two rings of the value of 35i had been stolen. As we wero convinced this could only have been done In the waggon between Coocaglio and Desenzano where tbe conductor was alone with our Iuggage for an hour and a-half, we immediately returned to the railway station and telegraphed the particulars to Verona, beggmz that the person of the conductor might be searched on the arrival of the train. We ourselves foUowed by the next train to Verons, and there found that no search had been made on the conductor, bat a confidential personput in with him, who exhorted him to confess the theft, which, of course, he did not, and vwas allowed to go home without any further step3 being taken. The railway authorities told us they could do nothing further in the matter, so we went to the police at Verona, and were by them referred to the Provincial TribunaL We remained at Verona four days for the necessary examination and inquiries, and then proceeded to Venuce, where we also reported the circumstance to the Director-General of Police. who ordered the jeweller's shops to be searched. From all the police and magistrates we received the greatest courtesy, and are informed the proceedings are begun in the P'rovince of Brescia ; but there seems no chance of tho affair being brought to a speedy termination. We are told that since the present French company bought the line several thefts have been committed in the baggage waggons upon luggage consigned and paid for as ours wvas. WVe are given to understand that we could recover the value of our property from the company should the policeo fail in discovering the thief, but I embark this day for India and have no time. The English ViceConsul at Venice has kindly promised to receive the rings, if they should be found. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. AN INDIAN OFFICER. Trieste, Aug. E7.
LEGAL STATUS oF A_ ENGLTSHMIAS IhN FRANCE.- With reference to a case-that of Parkinson v. Bedencwl.ich has lately come before the civil tribuLnal at Paris, the plaintift's solicitor, Mr. Margary, addresses to (aliqnaiti's Mcsccngcr the foUowving general statement of the existing law :-" Great faciUities are given by the law of France for the arrest of a foreigner when tho creditor Is a Frenchman, and many an unfortunate Englishman has been incarcerated upon overdue bills of exchange (often obtained from him fraudulently) endorsed to a Frenchman. As, however, in the majority of cases the party is not a loii4 *dc holder for valuable consideration, btt merely a man of straw who lends his name for the occasion (technicaUy called a prete-nom), the debtor generally succeods in obtaining his liberation on showing to the Court the real nature of the transaction, and getting the arrest declared ilegal This, however, requires some time to effect, as, if he succeeds in the Tribnnal de Commerce, the nominal creditor appeals to the Conr Imp6rialo, and months elapse before a final judgment can be obtained. In the meantime the unfortunate debtor must remain in prison, unless he can deposit the amount claimed in the Classe des Consignations, or give bail, and, as the surety is not only answerable, as in EnglanA, for the appearance of the debtor, but also for the payment of tho debt and costs in case judgment is given against him and he is unable to meet the demand, it is almost impossible for a foreigner to find a substantial person willing to undertake responsibUity. In England no distinction is mado as to liability to arrest botvreen a British gubject and a foreigner, as neither can be arrested on meoms process (that is, before judgment), unless the creditor can prove, to the satisfaction of a judge that the debtor intends to leave the country. Art. 11, tit. 1., liv. 1, of the Code Napoleon, says:I L'6tranger jouira en France des m6mes droits civils ine ceux qui sont on seront accord6s aux Franpats par les traxtda de la nation A lauelUe oet 6tranger appartlendra.' It is not, howvever, suficient that certan rights are ooorded to Frenchmen by the laws of a foreign country for the subjects of that country te enjoy the same privileges in France, the reciprocity must be expressly stipulated for by treaty (see flgron's note on this article in his Code Civil Ezpli,,uj. Now, no treaty exists which puts Frenchmen in Eng[an, and Englishman in Franco, upon an equality as to arrest for debt, the former enjoying in England the same privilege in that respect as a Brtish mub'ect purely and siiply by the law of the land. t strikes me, however, that if the case were brought offidall to the notice of the French Government they would admit the equit of the claim of British subjects to enjoy in France the ame privileges as the law of England accords to Frenchmen in that country, and tbe cordial alliance which now exisb between the two nations, tbo high onse of justioe of the Emperor of the French, and the well-known seal of our ambassaor at Paris seom to render the prosent moment poculiarly favonrable for obh taining the desired object." A5sEsm}nS% Or Sor .-A return hu been nmdo of the number ot *flioers In.t Customs in the united kingdom who are specially empleyd itn attenilng to the acesment of sugar, aad of the totol amount paid to them annalty. The niumbe of ciffiert is 10, %it the total amount -aid to thern anLually, 1,17SL Ix nAdition to the alove it has been aeoesr t employ as an nsector o00oer with A salkry of IGU., but his tkne ih net soloy octupied in the performauo of that duty.
BOARD andREIEC orAate, ?OArYlandt LODGINGnt SueirW o ma1 t im, fo a widow,I ~Jln a comfeta L fmilY. Terms not to exceed £20 prer.Ad. ~et r Lcuas to W. L., DavIs' lib..ry, Kin-s e,raves- 1? OAI) andRESID NCE, trand.-A coinfri .L9 ble orneis ofere. onbnodvateterm, iu a Ooetral eltuastion; bo&~t5arerecive, fr agentleman engaged I h iydrn o (lay Addosg . F.I,.,Mr. able's:'. 143, Strand OAR1) nd LOGIN G (with the use of a ~piano)~, B fo oo ortwolades,may be obtained on very moderate ttrms, Inasml schoo wnteCuntry. Situation healthy and pleasant. neOrene exhne.AdesVero. poat-office, Ingatestone, Essex. B O R ,in a lady's residence, on Oanlpden-hiai, neKeslngton-gardeus. P'arttee preferred -a married couple, lady ant sou or daughter. alsoo a young la.dy or A sters, who wou-id to. cure a comfortable aud moot eligible home.-Zed. Brausingeon's library, Rueninigion I.?OAR]) nnd RESIDENCVE for a single g~entlernan~, ..L9 lady, or married coutlLe, in one to the linest and healthle,t posi. tions in Upper -Norwood, close to the Orysin Palace and withle 20 ,inuAte',W,fLuodon.-brdde bytrain. Comfort, ihorvaltvand kindne3s. Tree's fruit, 2lt.-& W.. 1, Lony-ines, city. 1f0OARD) and ESIDENCE are RE~QUIRED5, at J13 Mlobaelrue. lot a lady, in the house of a pri,,ate and highly re. eseeteble facaily. She wllfurusih asitting rom and bedroom. Tim. b-oplaerred, Addreess , W. S., Scaddng's library, Belgcave.roadg., "OARD) and RESiENCE, Bromonwthnfv JB minutes'walk of the South Kensington Msu.Lde o isussg thieabove may be accommodated, moalachos,poit Fuiham-creecent. Torme from ifs, to a guinea prwe,acrigt rize of bed coons- Address Mrts. Bf., &tppel Heu ,Brmt. O A-RD and R_ESIDENC pril retr,o B reeidcaoool) aze offered to a genlan of regarhbe,i toe house of a private family, with all thecmot ofael a pine home. Terms re"snabie. Addrt*d Y. S.,M. Fieldb, 1,(Id ost place,. Olaphanin-rad. BOA1D, & .-Laies nd gntlmen arereivdn a cmfotaby frnshe hose.so neof the lagest squawesi OARDb (artial)- private Frenchfnil,rsdn Liwtistomiles el the city, having agodbdro tsse and, a lu,wuld be haPpy to receIve a ATILBAD . who=wold iveever advantage for acquiringternclaug, Apply to A. B., 10, Wzindinilil-ptaMs Oamberwel'od JOA-RI) and LOD GIYNG.-A widow lady, occuipying .B alare hos hn h euires, in the Immediate neignbosr. do"o tyd-park, is deeirous of receiving a lady, or two sisters to reside with her. References to be exchanged. Adidre,s, if by loiter, C. ID.. Mr. Mitchzell's. Itoyrl library. 33. Old ond-street. EOARD and RESIDE;N CE, are OFFERED,jin t-he -B house of two sisters middle-aged, where only a very few boarders ars receIved. It will be found a quiet. comoforinhlo, and respectable haome. hi miles from town, near a railway station, Terms mnoderiat. Address E. X., post-office, Wanstead Essex. O3ARD) andi RESIDENCY .-One orT-wO GENTLEB MEN can be RECEIVED into a amity seeding close to ttu.cell-equare. Tbe house offersevery comnftrt,tand an exoBeist table is kept. Bef erences of the hiehest respoctaboity given and required. TermB moderate. Address . N.,7Mr. Swallow's,Everett-street,w.o. B OARD) and RESIDENCE-for gentlemen, or a .19married couple, Iu a house contrally sttuate : good airy bed rooms, handsomely furnished sitting rooms, well-appointed table, every attentIon, and the social comforta of a homo, with good society. One reasoniable inclusive charge. Address GI. D.. Adams's reOwBpaper and Passport oflice. 9. Plar iaairot-snreet. S.W. BOARD and RE613IDE.N uE are REQ:UTIRED 'by a coulady. eithier in a boatdlug-house, school, or faminly, where she c~l aea cou.forkabie home. In rtwur for which, being of active energetic habits. Bhe would devote four hiours a day in assisting tto pzrinipsi (in aniydutieisnotxmeni)allad pay £15 a-year. In or near a couutry town preferred. Itefnrencesexchanged, Address X.V. z., poton,oo Worthing, Sussex. B)OARD) WANTED.-A gentleman, ~whose bu-sine.ss .39require him to be in lbs city every day, and who wishes to have yuome agreeable society of an evening. Is destrousof knowing upon what te,-nsa he would '5o received, for a permane-ncy, in a private lansiy. of good pocitlon. ov a boasdlsg establishment of the first-class. A large airy bed room, with bath, &d, would be indIspensable, and an open heialthy si.tuatioa, near thie perks, and In a g0od neighbourhiooa would be preferroi. For these advantages the advertiser is willing to pay tiLes-ally. lIto cAn= give the highest references, and wil expect to vs. coesv theoti. Address, -with full particulats, to Sigma cars of Thorns Davies and Co., advertisment ageints. Finch lane, 6orialll. _BOARDING HOUSE.-The proprietor of a noble mansion at Margate, commanding the finiest tea views ankd landbscpes hi the ieland, newly bmit, and completely furnisheed by lltcss. Cobbeti ard Co in a snuetantinl and elegant stple. are now prepared to tret liberall with a rtspctable tenant wishing to carry on the business of a boarding-housae keeper, at the above ilourtiahssg watering place Apply to Mr. JI. obliett, Deptorod-hridge. SE.. BR 61G TON.~. marri ed phi;lcian, wvithout family, resilGding intha, west eod of BrIghton, near the eea, can REOsI Vl into his howse a LADY or OENTL]fatA, or two sisters, invalid or otherwsise. Address M.D,, Burzstps lIbrary, pcst.fllte, Wa&teljoo- B RIGHTON- a endisjh Mansion, ~9,Cavenidish. fmnil, loes,othlBdfos,d Hotel, commanding a front view of E'IRNCI.Thetblz enisuewe by any In Brighten fo n uerio ac,ouomodation. heAlthy and situation, and moderate ch1args A oprespectus sent free. Stabling. Letters to MT.P j0U LOG N E- S UP.-RDE~R. B OARDIN1 G ES T A,. B.ILI1311M.ENT, 87. moe Neuve Chatsade.-Madamo LE CAMUS bas, greatly enlarged the abure well'known establishmeont, situate near the Port. Sluele boarders and families received on moderate terms. Address post paId, vas abovs. ________________ CLlE"TON, Bristol-The Mismes PERRY's J BOARfDING E8TABLISHiMENT, 17 and 18, the Mall, rrivate sitting rooms. A ~~~;tAeidir cearKesigton`gardelns ce' IEO VEIVaLAIDY .erms moderate. regpeetaoility belar the gatetut ounsideration. Address by letter ooly, to S., Onurc . i iirey rove-ers,aoe, Nestting bill, L-PAMILY HO USE, 25, ~rue Ro-yale, noctr the M-an.. .J.' lenire, rasis, formerly the house of hlmie, de Rouilno ; DEllA. I I ERRlE, Sutco,eer. Bed roums and apartmeuts, fUrnished, Comfortable table. HOME WANTED. for a lady, herl maid, -,I -tUree chdo.Bra6cing air and cheerfulness tssentinl. A clergymanes or phjysicaians familly, in, sico, or west of London : offering education for a girl peef ered, Address to L., Macmichael's library, King's-toad, APRIVATE FAMILY, of good poTiition, wishes. A tomee wth 1.y,or tleauandhiwIt,o whom,fo hio,ral terms, tha comforts and advantages of a vfeand HOMIE are OFFEREcD. Address, Zeta, hbookhams and Suns' librcry, 15. old Iiund-et.zeet. M u. rove simsl inWb nls agae,dsrsi OR n LOi, ih an Englsfaiyfrh.pewekAbuforme' vestwnce froum the Bak Godrercegieanrqued Apl by letter to 0 . 1, CasOphcstet,Friuysqa NAI NTERin PARIS.-A lady, for Wthe aeo V Iety,Ris anxious to join in apartmienteor share in the expeuses el a family intendling to reside in Paris during the winter or- woold t.ke charge of and chaperone one or two young ladiesl. 3!5e highest iviefrencos given and rsuiured. Address, pot paid, to M. 1P., care of (annng'ash brary ,PPlace doei n adeleine.P arns. LAR'1'IAI. BO RYn EIE -NCE areOF-PL FERED) for a gentleman in a large and airy house. eltuate within is mile and a half of the Sorry tide of the bridges. Termis £40 Dor annum, Including bruskf set, tea, supper, and dinner on Sundays. Reepeo table references wou;d be reqouired. F lor cardB of address apply to lil. Hopkinso, statlorner , Bl tihopegate-utroet within. rfi1E CJIEST Dlcate Cons titutons Dehl-c .i'elsres, new ToIon, offers the mildest WIN 1)t 0SI ENC In Europe, and the nearest to London. 930 mils yml express 'i1 houss. Applications for furnished houss prmnno any ilfor. sai on punctutally, ajs'wered by Mr. I'¶rB),hueagent and cenison agent (e-ablielbed 1 li y ess.B,le V LaOME for INVALIDS, o-r Pesn eurn aeI Bu1.ad Attendanoe during Surgical Cealo.Ald,o ra L..perlcoe, has opossed hils estebblsbmnent,adI mte orfrt the most erUncint London physiciansan oen,AdrsA., 4.Queen's. oquare, lloomsbury. W. 0. rj'o INVALflsID , c.A httoahcpycin T,L established in a selectwaengpaeothKei,cas,I v.s,suo" of RECIEIVINGoudrhscr aY etea,o thhud, mebatlly or usherwire litd h ose lgn n p cnouesiscoonltiouoseto, antiu mad neclen iwo,tesa t,getier with the snrromi o unr, elte withOeoafgrt hietoric intersad, For patclD ddesh.2., 0. S.kai' hs yard. .J.Jalllcss,eithr cogenial o theresut oflevrer, maay bear of an WEEcDING has taken the exconaA,e grounids aud mansioni calld Mount-house, situate ou the hixheet and hoartniest part ofth tewn, and albout four minuutes' walk of 'he pier. The lofty eltons nd other trees ou the laws fetus a cool retreat this season ef this year. 1)U'THIC ESTAB3LIZ5HMENT, hti1durookpIJ.prk. rear Richmond, 6urey -The most beautiful estate in the 1.1ttvr ilepairingof recovrery byoetherlmeans, hAve beenocured by the' v. z agcrteable soethod'-Hk,NRY DAVI8, Sec. i,t RitI((,5RE ES6TABLIS-fl1IETNT-Dntbe !Y Hetfortihiue, te'o hoeu's by tall froma London. Tho air fr.mA 5I.e downus 0 Sic aid braci:,g as that of 1Malvern. the wster rexmusr1atiylr, purt. I the country In the neighbourhood very beautiful, Dr. h-Al. IdE Gus be cooulnted In London by appointmenLt only. .1kis now ('PEN Ma UYDROPATHIO EM-TAB3LIBEIXENT f ;, t. e secelt1i,imof rssdentit. Reident Thselctaun-Dr. AYBRtvT. to a hum all Ppilatisos for teoms, foe,, are to be mnade. Consulting Phyvlclan-Dr. ( [ULLYE. ____________ 114 a;Em PhEgA SE-RV T ESTAB~LIB i- . dIT for theCR f TNEsEAvE HAlIIT_, offering all Altoug,oorce of a hsemtt,rve.n uh exprece, Highot,o inferences given. AtdeeJ . 0,cr fM.llle,20.'Soutt2lit. -Atdrew-street, Ea,abrh ElITALL AFFL1ThD..Asurgeon, of con.1ctsidrab.e eperenc, residing in a hetaltylcanty in the suburbis sitiddos, il behapyto REIiEVE a PATIENT, mentally or othrwie isillrtd, hoscese would require censtant supervision and hind reansnt,_AorraA.B., post-olilce, Rlg ghgate, X. 1~ENAL AFLIC iOS -Te Hate,Woodfotd. .A3i -TIs eauifu an univaledREsIDEgC~forthe RE eTn.v enilee trom to- ral rred Fnyseis and. Propieto,'Dor U5YTHEDAI LIET ET o L-Iet WTALLY AF-~ J.tFLOD,-pri's Ourt o;We.ThIS fIrst-clasm ASYLUMr? fol tns reception of ladies3 only Is situnto at Old Brrnteoltf, the heathiest suburb of L-ondon,. surrounded by six acres ot omweWgon- Tvms -eulated by the a=cowUodaou reuired, roabenhad goundas.i caton =or forwarded by Pos, with the highes t aoig hadm appli leading mem nbers ofthemnodical profes sion, etm nasf o h 4 PARTM NShnsmys~e,39,Wo~burm -a square.-a gentleman, having a larger house than be requlew WIeLts L LET part of the slime, cO'l'sIsing ol the DRAWINd 2teSISM. wishi extsa beds-coma if requlr,sl, where every doxmestc cerm- dslsnied, a.d the vise of a bekuilful grand e4anost,rte. PART ENTSto be LET, unurnished or art&y ire no childrenour ether l'-dgems Situate iu Broniton-Oeresant, aW. 'ii ell suited for a single genttleman, Pay ecard of acifieft appl to hi sers. Hawes and Otely 40 and 41. ToulteY. It PARTMEiNTS, Furni.tIed (fis floor, &o., 'With .CA car chandeliers aLnd every coovetiecice), fo? single geotiemen or faxnille Fout or ewe news bde Gan be basL Vesyquiet. No thar lod;etv nar children. Good attendance and soaokig. Teems mclu. cdvo-AK, D. Old lined-street. PlcomMy. A PARTMIITS WNTED,band*omely Far- a~eitlmanin laywatr,withlf a motie from the5 cmiiandfullparioslrs,A. h., r. omanoulto. Th ivioro wsljarge and lety, a good rdu, and every domestissoco .n=,,U. ;sif rQte.A o dro to D. .2. 36 hfldmapPsaa, Stoke Newingwon, W. COiltueOS paw5 the door; rid to the Boydl Exehags.. A.rARTM~TS or BARD WAXIED.~P~nj havngtheabreto etSily es scseil dek lslz bjctby ~~ ~d~eOt,d on the public LISTS of ~~~tire
To the EC7TORIi of GBXNwlICEl GentlemenU, JT having been announced upon authcrity that a a. vacancy us likely to occur In your rncient borough, I veuture reepecitu is to i,les. at your commuand my humb:e sonrviee In I h%re never ceased to regret that, tu Deoember la6t, Inevitable cirurnm tancre prevented me from proliting by the Invitation which at that tls.e reAwoed mo from influential electors In your town, and wh'ch left no doubt BE to euroees, bad nDO obatacles focbidden the Immnediate ucc-ptanoe of It. Of ell the Changes by which It IA doomed posidbte to Improve and develope the Beform Aot of 1U32, the BallOt In that which I regrd with tte gr.-ateat hope and contdence, and which it would be moy filt duty toe Oport. To repeal the Oath of Abjuration smply ard entlIsly eeems to me, as It hoe lung done, to be the soundeet mode of remonvlgJewiah In foreign and domestic polic I shall be prepared to giTe the Govern. ment a generd euppurt. The calamities extendLug in the East, the ambarratemente i_ China, the atDil imperfect issue of the Persian exxpedition. ar.)erith other facts, appear to make a Government easeential wr,lch, like the preser t one, enjose a cettled reputatiou among foreltn P.,eers, while It derivees upport from nearly every aection of the Legislature. I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, Your falthful aud obedieot servant W. F. CAMPBELL. Strathoden-hlnune, Knightabridge, Sept. 2, 1857. EAST INDIA HOUSJ3, Sept. 2, 1827. IHE Court of Directors of the East India Cornany TL do hereb, give notice, that the LItiT ef Ruch PRO PRIUETuR of East Indt. StWk an ty the Company eboo pPr to he QUALIFIED to V. Tic at the nENERAL ELb OTION on Wednesday, the 14th of April, 18t. will he ready to be delivered on Wednesdy. tho 4th of Novemrber. ,&7. J.kMES0. MELYVIu. Secretary. EAST INDIA lIOUSE:, Sept. :, 185I. rrtEE C ourt of Directors of the East India Company do heesey evc notice, shat a GENERAL COURT of the mid Company wilt be held at their Houre in Le*deshall-etreet on Wedneeday the 14th of AprIl, 153, for the ELECTION of FIVE DIBtE_,TOR8 50r clx years. The Incr of a letter of attorney and of a declaration for enabUng Icopcleters of Esst India Stock to rote by proxy on this oocarson wlU be prepared fur delivery to the Proprietora at the Treasury ti this Horrse. JAMES O. MEVILL. Secretary. H ER AMAEST THRATRE.-ProvicialTour.- JLd Llverpool, Newcastle, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dublin.-Italian Opera.-Plocolommul, Spez, Poma, Fazio, Ortolani; Bsloetti, Belart, Beneventao. ReOM, Morcurlal,AldI, and Oluglnl wtUiaPper-At Iverpool. Aug. 3let to Sept. 4th; Glsegow, on the 7th, 9tb, and Ilth; EdLuburgb, on tho 8th and lh ; Macrromte (Ooncert), on the 14th Norwich, on the 16th and 16th ; Wolverhampton, on the 21st Lelceater, on the 22d ; Leamin0ton, on the 23d ; Oheltenbatn, o0 the 24th; Brightou. on the 28th; Reading, on the 2th' Blrmlngh%m, on the 30thb N ottlngham, on the latof October: ;uHu (6rand Music-hali), on the 2s1: Newcastle. frrom the 5th to the Sthl: Dubln, on the 12tb. j4 ER MAJESTY's THEATRE.-Two Extra IJL P¢rrornoaners, at Reduoed Prtces, on Friday, Sopt 38, and Stu rday. Seer. 19.-Pltoolomin.i, Spezia, Ortolani, Giutln. Vhl.ettl, Benevntano Hoe, aud Bellettt.-Two Extra Performronces wil be glven on Friday, Sept. 18, and Baturday, Sept. 19, when wir be eu II DON GIOVANNI and LA TRtAVIATA. ritoes- to aocmmodate four persona. grand tier, pit tier, and one flair, i62 2a. * two pair 31 IE. thrOeo Dsbr 153 , gaUery boxel wfs. Sd. ; pit staUt, ios,1E. jplJt. 3a. d.; gaUieury tiis, 1 d*B galery. &s. Theo box-oflie be opened one week proviously to th brst performance. Iu the meatime plaoes may be secured by apoliratien t. ,Mr. lish, at the Stage Door. Her Majesty's Theatre. i MitATR E 19OYAL, HAYMARPT. - THIS T EVEIING Thlrrsday), and during the week. Lwatthreo nights of the coreuey of Victims, and Dositively last threenighteof the eugace ment of MIr. T. P. Cooke who wi (durig the present vreek onl) repeat his original characer of tUam in Black-eyed Susan. To commence at 7 with the comedy of VICTIMS. Characters by 2r, BuckBtone, Mr. Howe, Mr. W. Farren, ?,r. Rogers, MItEmma; KI;hg, SliEs M. OUver, and Mr Poyntey &o. After vhich, BLACX. EYED SUS.uN. Wllliam (withhisceiebratedhorplpei, M2r. T. P. Cooke; Gonthrain (hts original oharaoter), Mr. Buretone ; Susan MIca M. Oliver; Dolly, Mr. E. Flta-Illisra. With THB SWISS C(TTUAE. On Monday next Mre. Catherine Sinclair wfll mako her fist al pearanee in thie country in the character of Beatrice iu Bhakepeare's comedy of Much Ado About Nothing. .lEATRE R OYAL, ADELPHI.-Laat Week of R Madame lcleste provious to her provindal en I ements.- corsequence of ita great attraction the popular drama of Green Bushes will be repeated for one week more being positively the lat times It tan be actd, owrr,g to the provnidal engagemente of M2adame Oeleste, -The scerennlDR fare of MI Prodous Betsy and Slasher and Crasher every nlrht.-Hr. Wrlght, Mr. P. Bedford, and hSadamne Celeste - THIS EVENING (last time but two), GREEN BUSHES, or A Hundred Vears Ago, in which Ma-ame COeleste, Mr. Wright Ar. P Bedlord Mile Ml. Keeley, Mres Arden, Sc., viill appear. With blY PRECIOUS BETSYi: Mee3sa. Wright, P. Bedrord; Misr hL Reeeoy, and ire Chatterley. And SLABHER AND CRASER: Iore,am Wright P. Bedford, C. Selby, F. Hall, and MisnArden. Mr. T. P, Cooke Is elvaged for a limited period, and will appear on MIonday, Sept. 7. in bia,k-eyed Susan. I) OYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE.- Italian It Ooera, st the nenal Prinrc.ea Theatre Prlcee.-Three Nighte only-THIS EVENINO (Thurrs.ay), last night but one of IL TRVA roRE: Griai. Alboni, Mario, Dragone. To-morrow (Friday), poritively the last appearance of M2ada)e taaUiAer In donsambula. And Satuydoy, positively the last night of Grial, Alboun, Mario, Dragone, and al the eminent artistes In BI Trovatore. PrioeIe., 2e., 4%., Ss. _QURREY THIEATRE.-Grcat Accumulation of j of Novelt Humour, and TsJent.-Operatic, Dramatic, and Terpalchoreas Entertaunment.-Seoond Week of the Chbrsty Minstrels. - Grand Combination of AttracUon.-TlIB lVFlING, a New Mus!cal Cho by the Cbristy Mhistrels. After whlch, THE SURIRISE: Me,sra W. SmWth, U. Robertson, Butier, Miss B. Webeter. To be foliowed by a New Italian Bariesque. And LIFE IN THE SUNNY SOUTH, by the Christy Minetreis To couclude with the Negro Acrobats. X1 REAT NATIONAL STANDARD TYREA T hIredltVh.-TViCS EVENN. MetIZA. PuEsNING. Eliza FnDing. Ire.Rs . lmonuer, A avourlite farce THE FIR8T OtY M.Bl t uMEMBER Tce w Oliv. To conclude wW WORIL, My. arLd Mrs. * imn Reeves ill apnear on Monday, SepC, 7. tHE}ATREB ROYAI., 1HAYS.ARKET Under the Mlanagement of Mr. Bnckstoue, THIS EVE!NING, MICTLMS: Meesoan Buckatono, Howe, W. yrren dMeadame Emma hinug. A Olver, ,i:c After which. BLACKg EYE:D SUsAN, in which Mr. T, F, Aooke wil appea. Gr sathrsbu Mr. Bcrkatloee' Susan, Mire 31M Dv To conclude with fE SWISu Oomme CorLueaco at 7,. THEAIqUcIO5ZrSvt .5uLrsy Proprietor, Or, B, WLebter. Dceatreos, Madame . eleete THIS EVENING, GREEN BUITR 8t: MeLere Wrigho , P. Bedford, aud eMadbade eleste. WithMY PRECIOUS B1.TSYioMerrs.Wrieht, P. Bedfo,rd, Miss Mi. ieeley, MrL Chatterleyo And SLASER N D CRASHER: Messrs. Wright, P. Bedforr, C. Selby, and is{s Arden, Commence at 7. RtOYAL OLYAPIC THEATRE Lessees EvNfMessrs. F Bob3on andi 1F. 8. Emdeu, HOUSE: leesre. F. Bobsou, Addl6eo W. Gordon , Cooke;* Mimes Wyodhaml and Svau) orcugh A SUBIThIRFUGH:'M cma (O . Vising, G. Musrray, and SIre, Stirling. Acd ldIlChh. }elo Mr, F, roreonsd Commnce a st * past 7 T ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE, Lesese. Mr. caerlu lKeuand THIS EiVENING, IL TROVVtTORE. I.eonora, Mladame Grisl; Azurhea, Madame Albonpy Coo di huna, Signor Dragonsa Fur rafdo, Signor Kinnt; Mar ice, Signor Mario, ASTL.EY'8 ROYAL AMI'ITHEATRH. Lepste arinds lMnanger, MrndfWillia eig Cooku, tdo wihTISEEING the gpransd eustrinamp reta.pctns ELh HYDEBR- or, The Chief of the Chant hioutt ne, After wvhich, r.W CookertSenoe In the Arena, ildiong the Parisian em e-r triene. MidUe. Mills Concludig with G halra&esree a uTRINE AqND PEiRUCHIp, with oquestran i llugtraflone. TO COBRRESPONDIJNTS, Our readers are reque8ted to observe that the price of Tlhe Timres i5 reduced to 4d., anid that 5iid, is the prico of a COpy T with the imoesso d stamp |affixed. Uinder the arnended regUiation8 of the Post-office (No. 60) The Tismes is transrmissible by post to British colonies and foreignt cotntries Without an imnprassed stam p W cacn insert no more letters upon the Swansea Csmetery squabble. It has already occupied a space in our colunmns quite disproportionate to itS general intereSt. Weo cannot undertake to return rejected communications. S31 The publication of Tint Thin^s commentced at 5 o'roclc yeeterday morning, and fninlhed abt 15 miuntes past?7.
LONDON, THURSDAY, SEPTBMBER 3, 1857. The scene on which the active operations of our Indian forces are now concentrated assumes, in comparison with the territorial proportions of the Empire, very narrow dimensions, and admits of being readily brought under a comprehensive view. The Ganges and the Jumna measure in their course the entire length of the plains of Hindostan. To the north-west of the sources of these streams lies the Punjab, constituting the extreme province of the 13cngal Presidency, and at Allahabad, where the two rivers unite, commences a succession of districts terminating wvith Lower Bengal, in which inisurrection has either never broken out or has been successfully put down. It is between the two points thus definable, or, as may be more precisely expressed, between Allahabad to the south-east and Utmballah to the north-west, that the disturbed territories lie. They comprehend the central seats of the old Miogul Power, Oude and Bengal in those days being governed by Viceroys, and the Punjab having passed into the hands of the Sikhs. In the usual territorial nomenclature of India they are described as the North-Western Provinces, having become attached as new districts In the extension of our Empire to the already settled dominioAs of Bengal. It was once in contemplation to raise these provinces into a fourth Presidency, with a title taken from Agra, but the idea was never carried out. It is in this great district that the revolt in its worst and most dangerous features has been raging, and if the city of Agra be taken as a centre a comparatively small circuit wiU include all the spots at which operations of immediats importance are now pending. in considering the nature of the work before the British Commanders it must be recollected that mutiny and treason have released from their standards-Regula, Irregulars, and Contingents included-between 80,000 andl100,000 soldiers, many of them disciplined and organized on the best British model, and aU of them trained more or less to the use of modern arms. Of this enormous host a large proportion has, no doubt, contented itself with simple desertion, and has not taken the field against ita rulers ;but, on the other hand, the insurgents in arms have been joined by all the villains and marauders representing the scum of an Oriental population in the ferment of a revolt. Altogether it may be reckoned that at least 100,000 men in the guise of desperate mutineers, disbanded ruffians, or professional thieves, are now at large in the North-Western Provinces of india. The chief hold of this murderous swarm is Delhi, which appears to be the favourite resort of those particular traitors who retain a certain military organization, and who can carry with them arms or plunder to the common stock. A notable instance of the reinforcements thus contributed was fuirnished in the reports of the last mail, which stated that the mutinous garrisons of Moradabad, Bareilly, and Sfabjehanpore-aU stations in the immediate vicinity-had marched into Delhi in military array, with infantry, cavalry, artillery, and treasure, under the very eyes of the besiegers. They wil be followed, in all probability, by the garrisons of Neemuch and Nusseerabad, who were so roughly handled in the sortie from Agra, and deterred from any further designs upon that fort. The loss of life, however, in their daily encounters with the British, from internal discord, and from epidemic disease is reputed to be so great in Delhi that these succours, which in the verv nature of things must be terminable, probably do little more than keep up the rebel strength at head-quarters to its original height; indeed, we receive a convincing proof to this effect in the announcement that, after all their reinforcements, they are as incapable as ever of making anyimpression on our position. There are but twvo other points at which the insurgents muster in any considerable numbers-Bithoor and Lucknow. The former of these is the residence of that treacherous and cowardly assassin NENA SAIBS, who after his butchery of women and children at Cawnpore has intrenched himself near his own abode with a force computed at 20,000 men. The latter has attracted and is occupying the bulk of the mutineers in Oude, the numbers of -whom appear to range, according to the variation of reports, from 12,000 to 20,000. The operations exciting the deepest interest at the present moment are not those proceeding before Delhi, but those which are conducted independently of our principal force. At Delhi, as an assault upon the city has ceased to be considered immediately desirable, and as our army, though comparatively small, has shown itself decidedly superior to the rebels, affairs are not likely, perhaps, just yet to Iundergo any material change. We inflict daily loss upon the revolters with little injury to ourselves; our men are remarkably healthy and in admirable spirits, and the camp is purged of aU traitorous elements. It is to this point, moreover, that the succours constantly despatched from the Punjab, whether of disengaged Europeans or native levies, are directed, and the aggregate force has now assumed a strength calculated both to inspire the surrounding districts with a salutary awe, and to yield a solid result when more active proceedings are decided on. It is in the lower country, and especially in the vicinity of Cawnpore, that the movements of our troops are so interesting, and their success, on behalf of our beleaguered countrymen, so earnestly to be desired. The object of the Indian Govermnent was, of course, to despatch reinforcements to the NorthWestern Provinces, and ultimately to Delhi, with all the expedition possible ; but from Delhi to Calcutta the distance is no less than 900 miles. Such, however, was the energy employed, and so extraordinary the means of transport adopted, that the very regiments which but the other day were advancing into the interior of Persia have already crossed bayonets with their unworthy enemies on the banks of the Ganges. But there was something to be done on the way. Allahabad itself, and, below A4lahabad, Benares, had been the scene of mutiny; nor was it till order had been restored in these parts that the long-expected succours could ascend the country. The actual van_uard was "y.encwa vy a aetachment of one of the Madras European Regiments (Fusileers), which had been pushed on by Colonel NEILL, and behind them followed the main body under General FT .- LOCK, some 1,800 strong. These 2,000 troops, small as the number may seem, constitute tho force on which, for the time, the relief of Lucknow, the chastisement of 1E?.-A SAIrII, and tbe ascendancy of our arms, not simply before Delhi, out throughout the North-Western Provinces, have depended. Had there been nothing to divert him on the march General HAVELOCK would, of course, have effected as soon as practicable his junction with the army at Delhi, but it became imperatively necessary that he should both encounter the triumphant assassins of Cawnpore, and relieve the handf-il of our countrymen environed by rival murderers at Lucknow. In theseoperations, according to the last accouuts, he had so far succeeded as to have utterly routed NENA SAuIs in two or three engagements and driven him into his fortified position at Bithoor. At this spot he was only some 50 miles from Lucknow, but the broad stream of the Ganges intervened, and it was obviously undesirable, by marching immediately on the latter city, to leave upon his fiank, with opportunities of operating upon his rear, so strong a force as that which NE-iA SAIIIB still held together. We believe, therefore, that he will at once have attacked this miscreant in his intrenchments, and we trust, notwithstanding the great disproportion of forces, that the bayonets of our men may have exacted a first instalment of the penalties incurred by inhuman murder and gratuitous treason. The troops of this moveable colunm, though few in number, include the seasoned soldiers of Bushire and Kooshab; they carry the Enfield rifle, they are flushed wit], victory, and burninig with indignation at the atrocities they have witnessed. AW'e entertain, indeed, no apprehensions of the miscarriage of a force like this; the question is, whether its slucess is likely to have been decided enough or prompt enough to relieve the garrison of Lucknow from its dangers. There, in fact, is the spot on wbich anxiety is now concentrated. At other stations the crisis, with better or worse fortune, has been endured, but the result at Lucknow is yet unknown. We think, however, notwithstanding the deplorable loss sustained in the death of Sir H. LAWREXNCE, that the circum- stances reported are encouraging. It is distinctly asserted in the Indian journals that the rebels at this place are beginning to experience the disability predicted from the first, in the want of munitions. They have still firelocks and powder, but they have no percussion caps, and cannot manufacture them, while balls were also said to be failing them for their cannon. What is of more value, however, than these reports is the communication made from Lucknow itself by Sir H. LAwaRxxcB's successor in the command, that he considered himself able, dating from the 8th of July, to hold out for six weeks. This would leave ample time for General flAVELOCX'S force to dispose of NY-NA SAHiB, and march afterwards to the relief of the Lucknow garrison, besides which it appears reasonable to pre-sume that the very presence and operation of a victorious column of troops at less than 55 miles' distance would of itself exert some impression upon a dastardly rabble. Most anxiously, however, do we look forward to the intelligence that tho arrival of efficient succours, either the remainder of the Chinese force, or that from the Cape, or that from these shores, has finally released our commanders from their straits and our countrymen from their perils.
A memorial signed by a large number of gradu%tes has been presented to the Cambridge University Commimsioners, expressing a desire that the question of the celibacy of College Fellows may be fully considered in all its bearings. The memorialists, with much good taste, abstain from entering into any argument, and disclaim the intention of proposing any practical scheme, but the Commissioners, in promising that the subject shall receive their attentive consideration, fall into the curious blhnder of referring to the "compulsory " celibacy" of Fellows. The framers of the memorial are more accurate in their use of terms. There is no such thing as compulsory celibacy at either University. Fellows of Colleges remain anmarried under t'ie pressure of the same necessity which applies to many other classes of the commnnity. They must choose between domestic happineas and an income which they have accepted on the express condition of remaining single. Every orphan daughter of an Indian civilian receives in case of need a pension terminable at her marriage; but the managers of the fund have never yet received a memorial against the compulsory celibacy imposed on the objects of their bonity. Wherever a marriage is deferred from motives of economical prudence a similar grievance might be supposed to exist. Half the charities which have been founded for the relief of wvidows contains a limiting clause of durante ziduitate. Nevertheless, the qu;-stion deserves the consideration of the Commissioners, although it involves principles sufficiently important to require a Parlia- mentary decision. The individual holders or ex- I pectants of Fellowships have no pretext for complaint ; but it may be thought that some modifications of tenure would conduce " to the better ad" vancement of learning." The interests of religion, though decorously included by the memorialists in their appeal, seem to be entirelyunconnectedwith the matter. The intentions of the founders and benefactors can afford little guidance in providing for a state of society, within and without the walls of the University, which they can never have anticipated. College statutes indeed generally afford a specimen of human blindness which ought to serve as a warning to presumptuous legislators. The minute regulations laid down in the 14th or 15th century for the conduct of the students would long ago have become intolerable but for the prudent laxity with which they have been expanded to fit a modern liberal education. The possibility of future social changes seems never to have occurred to the mind of a medi.eval founder. When Fellows were intended to live under a kind of monastic discipline the prohibition of marriage during the tenure of their offices was inevitable. The great majority of their body were destined, on taking orders, to incur the engagement of perpetual celibacy. The remainder were maintained as poor scholars within the walls of the Colleges, but their petty stipends would have given them little assistance in the maintenance of a family. The non-resident annuitants of modern times can never have been contemplated at the time of the original foundation, nor is it surprising that hasty reformers should have been shocked by the seeming misappropriation to them of the College endowments. Alr. GLADSTONE and others at the commencement of the University reform movement wished to enforce residence as a condition of the tenure of a Fellowship, and the only valid objection to the proposal was derived from its utter uselessness and from its obvious tendency to lower the standard of academical learning. The sixty Fellows of Trinity College, Cainbridge, would encumber the University with an unserviceable mass of educated iileness; but the endowments which they enjoy, and the freedom with which they enjoy them, stimulate the exertions of some hundreds of undergraduates. It is chiefly in the character of prizes for learning that Fellowships exercise an influence on education. An able and industrious staldent may looX rorward to the certain attainment of an independent income which will last for several years, and the effects of the competition which is thus encouraged extend far beyond the range of the successful candidates. The fortunate winners of the prize enjoy many of the advantages which attend the possession of hereditary property. They are enabled to study and to travel at the age at which new impressions can best be assimilated, and they furnish many of the most prom;sing and cultivated recruits to the liberal professions. The large portion of the Colege endowments which is enjoyed by non-resident Fellows undoubtedly confers great benefits on society; but it maybe assumed that neither the memorialists nor the Cammissioners woould exempt the tenure of such annuities from the solitary restriction of celibacy. The most briUiant attainments in classics or in mathematics scarcely establish a claim to a permanent maintenance for a wife and family. Those who wish for a change of system woula probably desire that College revenues should b. more directly applied to academical purposes. The Cambridge standard of acquisition at 22 is astonishingly high, but there is no learned class resident in the University. Those of the Fellows who devote themselves to tuition are the most modest in ambition, and consequently but seldom the first in ability. With scarcely an exception, they are destined for the clerical profession, and their ultimate hopes are fixed, not on the attainment of literary or of scientific eminence, but on benefices which will enable them to marry, with Deaneries and shadowy Bishoprics in tho remote distance. There is an unfortunate waste of capacity when a learned College tutor huries himself at five-andthirty in the innocent routine of a country parisb, but it would be altogether unreasonable in such a country as England to impose upon scholars the obligation of becomiunrg monks. It is not in this age that learning is esteemed better than house or land, or at least than wife and children. The University is far too exclusively subjected to clerioal influence, because it offers no sufficient pravision to laymen. Sir RoBFP.T PEEL committed the gross absurdity of annexing a stall at Ely to the Greel; Professorship, which wa- once held by the heterodox PossoN. It is quite unnecessary that a profound scholar should be periodically employed in breaking the silence which hangs over the foggy capital of the fens. It can scarcely be thought a hardship that young men should remain single until they can procure the means of marrying, and a total withdrawal of the restriction of celibacy would be a premium on imprudent and premature engagements. After the lapse of some years it is desirable that the Fellowship should be vacated for the benefit of a younger incumbent, yet it would be desirable, if it were possible, to make an exception in the case of professional scholars. Great philologists or mathematiciaus are well entitled to an independent maintenance, and there is no fund so applicable to the purpose as the endowments of Colleges. Notwithstanding the universal prevalence of jobbery, it is possible that a discretion might be vested in some body of University dignitaries to dispense in certain cases with the condition of celibacy, and the public opinion of Oxford or of Cambridae would probably render it impossible to disregard the claims of learning and of science, or to turn the exception into an exercise of favouritism. As a rule, it is better that College Fellows should be young men, vacating their places in rapid succesion, but an especial privilege allowed to those who either devoted themselves to unremunerative studiea or became eminent as teachers would be regarded with general approbation.
Lond1on since it has been desolated by fire I and plague never was so empty as it is now. September is always empty enough, but this ix to ordinary Septembers what other Septembers are to the preceding montbs. The whole world is off to Germany, Switzerland, Paris, Scotland, Wales, and our own south, east, and west coasts. The stations on all the great foreign rallways are crowded with English. In Scotland and Wales the furor of touring has made food and sleep comparatively rare privileges, travellers taking what rest and food they can get by scores in barns and stables. All the watering-places on our own coasts are full. This is, of course, pleasant enough. We are too glad to see that the inhabitants of London are taking their holyday and enjoying themselves away from the cares of businesa and the smoke. The spectacle is not, indeed, exhilarating to the stayers behind ; we walk disconsolately through deserted streets, the vast solitude re-echoing our hermit footsteps, between vistas of drawn blinds and folded shutters. But these signs of desolation, which would bespeak to inexperienced eyes a city of the dead, are evidences to our own of unusual and overflowing life, pleasure, and gaiety at a distance. The blood has left the centre, and has gone to the extremities. The imagination battles with the verdict of the senses, and the more the eye is oppressed with the dreariness of the scene at home the more the fancy pictures, as the legitimate result from this very spectacle of home desolation, sands bright with groups of gay and cheerful strollers, crowded steamboats, overflowing inns, groaning waiters, wild chambermaids, chaotic heaps of luggage, with all the accompanying stir of omnibuses, cabs, and porters, mingling with pine-clad mountains, glaciers, rocks and -waterfalls, lakes and rivers, cathedrals and iHotels de Ville, bridges, gateways, turrets, and dry moats, and all the picturesque appendages of foreign landscapes and cities. We are glad to imagine aU this widespread scene of happiness produced by the emptying out of London ; and yet one or two suspicions must mingle with our congratulations. In the first place, we are inclined to doubt whether a great deal of this furious touring is really so very pleasant as it pretends to be. People are slaves of fashion and custom in hardly any one thing more than their pleasures. One would suppose beforehand that everybody would, at any rate, be sharp enough to know what he reaUy liked-that this 'would be the first fact, and the most certain and unquestionable one of iis whole magazine of knowledge. But experience shows the reverse. There is no point on which people submit to dictation more. A comfortable citizen, accustomed to regular hours of business, meals, and sleep, is suddenly torn from the repose of his quiet routine, and finds himself within the gripe of a furious machine, which whirls him from place to place without regard to pleasure, rcst, or digestion. It sometimes occurs to him that he would like to control the movements of this engine. " Stop a moment, " if you please; I am not quite ready yet; I am "not used to this sort of hurry; a little breathing "time." But he supplicates in vain; the engine is inexorable, and drags its victim along, wakes him from his hurried sleep, tears him from his unfinished me-al, and makes him the reluctant inspector of half-a-dozen cities before the next sunset. His bridle is in the jaws of a monster that he cannot tame, and that carries him along impetuously through the air at the rate of some hundred miles a-day. He resolves once and again that he will take it more easily, but he finds when it comes to the point that he cannot. On he must go; motion alone satisfies; a single pause makes him uneasy; rest produces remorse. He is only pleased when doing his duty, and his duty is progress. Is this happiness ? It may be to some people, but we are sure it is not to our friend. NVe are quite sure that he doeg not like rolling off in an omnibus to the steamer before his table dk6re has settled itself. We are quito sure that he likes his proper regularallowance of sleep, and is not at all comfortable without it. But he thinks al this the height of pleasure, because he is told that it is. He does not feel much gratification, indeed, but he takes it for granted, poor man, that he is exceedingly happy, because he takes the approved and orthodox means for that object-" I must be "happy; everybody says so ; therefore I am." He arrives at the fact by a general process cf reasoning, which he apparentiy considers a much safer evidence on this subject than that of his own sensations. There are, of course, such persons as judicious travellers; but we are certain that a great deal of the continental travelling tha-, goes on now is a simple mistake; that it is no recreation, but the very reverse; and that, so far from benefiting, it actuaUy iries health. It is immediately connected with a toiL A man is sent abroad for his health, because he is knocked up at home with work, disquiet, irregular hours, &c. He goes abroad, and he is ten times more irregular there than he is at home ; he has less quiet, less sleer, more workfor restless travelling is as hard work as there is. This goes on for a certain time, and he think-s that because he is abroad, and becaise ho is on the continent, he must be getting well. He then returns 'worse than he went. But does not common sense tell him that if he vwanted to work himself, and to task the powers of his animal frame, he could do this at home just as well as abroad, and let his business have the advantage of it? This pleasuring has nothing remedial in it. It is a fret and a fume, a driving w-ind, a flight as if from an avenging demon, or an angry creditor, or the police. It combines the sensations of a fever, a nightmare, and a bad conscience. Bnt it is travelling, it is touring, it is continental touring therefore, of course, it mnstbe delightful, must he healthy. Such is our submission to the infallibility of the public and the supremacy of custom and fashion. Cannot we put a little spirit into our afflicted and oppressed neighbour, who has now been whirled rapidly from one place to another, and had nothing to caUl sleep for a week ? Let him make the effort ; let him dare to say that he is uncomfortable, and submit to the reproach of eoeentricity. The effort will relieve him, and he will feel himself a stronger man-to use the modern expression-after it; he will feel that he has conquered a sham ; that ha has been a sort of moral HEgr.as, in short, and has dared to be his own judge of what is a pleasure to hima, and what is not. There is another consideration which this universal touring suggests. It is, doubtless, the result of English capital, and therefore ultimately the fruit of English industry and application. At the same time, the question arises whether so much of it as we have now is not rather a departure from the old steady and businesslike life of the Engliah tradesman. Does it not involve leaving the business at home more in the hands of elerks than it ought to be ; and does it not give an advantage to foreign tradesmen, who seem to be succeuding to our owvn old type, and adopting the habits of English tradesmen, when we are fast throwing them offt The custom o. travelling is extending to new clases every day. It is difficult to resist the general current; every one likes to do what he sees his neighbour doing. But there must be a risk where there is such a general rush as this into a very expensive luxury. We cannot flatter ourselves that we can do much to check it ; but we can, at any rate, console those classes which do not give themselves this luxury that they lose lesc than, perhaps, they think. If they lose a great deal of sight-seeing, they also avroid the wear and tear, the fever and disquiet, the bad dleep and bad digeAtion, of our modcix1 hurried travelling, and may not feel leo comfortable 'whea Christmas finds us all at home again.
TEE OFFICIAL TRLGBRAPHIC DESPA ORES. Unfortunately, the anxiety which has lately prevailed in the mmcds of our readers renders it almost unneceesary to recall their attention to a despatch from India with which we were favoured by the Govermment on the night of the 21st of August, and which wo published on the 22d. The message was as follows:- " ALEXANDRIA, AUG. 14,9 P.m. "The Nubia *rrived at Suez to-day. She brings dates from Calcutta to the 21st July; Madras, 25th July; Gallo, 28th July; Aden, 8th inst. " The telegraphic message from Suez ls meagre and con. fused, and there is not time to receive explanation before the departuro of the steamer Beotia for Malta. ' It is stated that Delhi is not taken, but the date is not given. General Barnard is reported to have died from dysentery. " The news given in the Bomr4ay 2'im of the 14th of July by last mail respecting the taking of Cawnpore by the rebels and the masacre of the Europeans there is con. firmed. The Suez telegraphic message then goes on to say as follows - " I Simoom and Himalaya arrived at Caloutta with about 1,500 of China forces, to proceed at once up country. Only 300 more troops expeoted-General Hancock's forces.* Rebels beaten on three occasions, and several guns takea, between Allahabad and Cawnpore; the latter retaken from Nena Sahib, whom Havelock is following up the Blittoet about 10 miles. " ' Sir Hetiry Lawrence died of wounds receerd in a sortie from Lucknow, where at present all is we3L "'All the troops in Oude mutinied. Agra all quiet. Native troops disarmed. Gwalior Contingent mutinied. Supposed to havo marched on Indore. "'No political China nows given. "'The Transit Government steamer totally lost in the Straits of Snnda. Cre w and troops all arrivod at Suez today. " ' This telegraph received from acting Consul-General Green at Alexandria for the Earl of Clarendon. " ' Consul CRAIG.'" It will be seen that this telegraphic me8sage had sufficient clearness about it to allow it to announce itself as "meagre and confused," and with this slight preface (which we must admit is admirably sustained throughout) it goes on as we have seen. Last night we were furhisbed with a most apt commentary upon the "meagre confusion" of (;overnment intelligence by the receipt of the following despatch froln our correspondent at Alexandria, and which, it will be seen, was forwarded at the same time as the official message, [but which was not permitted by the Admiral at 3Ialta to be sent by telegraph:- " ALEXANDRIA, ArG. 14. "The European arrivedat Suez this morning, at half-past 7, with 26 passengers and 20 cases of specie. She left Sydney on the 19th of June. "- The Nubia, from Calcutta, also arrived this morning at 3 o'clock. Her dates from Calcutta are to the 21st of July. " Delhi still held out. There were reports that General Barnard had died of dysentery. " The Gwalior Contingent was supposed to have marched upon Indore. "The rebel chief, Nena Sahib. at the head of 10,000 mutineers, had taken Cawnpore. Sir Hugh Wheeler had been killed. All the Europeans, including women and children, had been murdered. The rebels had been beaten by General Havelock's forces, and Cawnpore retaken. Havelock- was following Nena Sahib to Bithoor. " At Lucknow the Europeans were besieged by the rebels but were weU fortified. Sir Henry Lawrence diedof wounds received in s sortie. Agra was quiet. "The Simoom and 13imalaya had arrived vith about 1,500 of the China force. They were to be despatched forthwith to the northern provinces " The steamer Transit has been totally lost in the Straits of Sunda. Tho crew and troops all saved. "Exchange at Calcutta, 2s. 2 1-16d. for Bank credits. " It is stated that there is no political news of interoe, from China." Had this messago boon received instead of the meagre and confused" one which the Consnl supplied, and which was alone permitted to be sent by telegraph, Lord Granville in the House of Lords and Lord Palmerston in the Commons would have betn spared the discredit of stating their confident belief that Cavnpore was still safe, and the public would have had the intelligence for which it had to wait in an agony of suspense for several days. We are not unreasonable; we do not at all object to the messages of the Government having a priority of despatch, but it should at least permit Us to compete with it. In this case the message sent by the Consid was all but worthless, vhile that which the Malta Admiral prevented our correspondent from despatching would have told in a few wor(ds all that we had several days to wait for. 1hls is probably Havelock. tProbably Bitboor."
HOLYHEAD HARBOUR AND BREAKWATBp (tBY LECTRIC A)D r-TERNATIONKL TRLEOGRAi'L) HOLYHEAD, SEvrT. 2. A grand operation took place to-day at noon in prnsence of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty and Mr. Hawkshaw, the Admiralty Engineer. Height of quarry face, l 72 feet; length of ditto, 150 feet; grip, 60 fcet; charge of powder, 11,0001b.; power of galvanic battery, 40 cells; result of operation, 70,000 tons of the hardest quartz rook. Engineering operations conducted by Mr. Charleo Rigby in person, assisted by Mr. Reitheimer, the resident engineer of the contractors.
COURT CIRCULAR. BALMORAI Al-G. 3L Her blajedy the Queen and the Prinoe Consort visited ter Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent aLt Abergeldis Castle yesterday afternoon. SEPT. L Her Majesty the Queen and the Prince Consort drove out ycsterday afternoon, attended by the Earl of Clarendon. Her Royal Highness the Dncbess of Kent, Lady Augusta Bruce, and Lord and Lady James Murray joined the loyal dinner party yesterday.
SOlTTIIAfrTT'\-, Wednesday.-The Royal Mail Companys F s:enumhip l` sdalen1. Captain Ahbott, exiled to-day kith the Wa.,t India, Mexican, and l'aclfic n,ails, 172 passengers, 23,2921. in speclo, jewelry value 16,&*04, and a full cargo. LiVERrOOL Tovw- Dums..-At the monthly meeting of the Liverpool ToWnV-COUDOil yosterday afternoon, tbe Mayor, Mr. F. ShtAnd, prosiding, it was moved that the recommendation of the Finance Committee to vote to tho town-clerk 1,(Fi01. ftr his services during the struggles in Parliament fo4r maintaining the alleged rtghts of the corporation sbould be conftimed. Mr. Hugh Hornby, chair. iuan of the Finanoe Committee, who made this proposition, referred to the Act of Parliament passed last session, by which, he said, the council would, on the 1st ot Januzry, he deprived of its trustoeship of the docks, and at the sa-uo tlme would cease to have noy control over the management of the daties oonnectod with tho port of Liverpool. Mr. Elornby chratorized thh measur ast unjust and arbitrary. Tho provisions of the Bill, however, we-re, he said, bettor than covld have boen anticipated, and as Mr. W. Shuttleworth, the town-clerk, had been instrunmental in obtaining these improved terms, he thought that the council ought to evinoo its gratitude. Mr. S. Uolme seccndad the proposal. Mr. W oodrufr (renior church- .ardeu) ovdosed the grant, on the g,round that the townclerk had but done his duty, &;xd that for all be had dono he had been paid by an ample salary (9 5001. a-year). Ho noved, as an ,Lrondment, that -the recomnmendation be not eonfirmei. Tho aimondment not meeting with a soconder tho original motion was carrisd. The town-clerk returnei thanks. CiTy oiF Lox ioN RPtrRrzR ToN- OF PARLrA3m - TAI.Y V trRt.-kr. Thoe. Y. McChristie, revising barrister for the City of London, will begin his revision of the hlst of voters for meimbe to serve in Parlinnent for the City of London on Tuesday, 6th of October next GOLD L- ArsTRKLtA.-Tho tol quantity of gold sxported last year from Now South Wales amountod to 42,4t3oz., and tbe value thereof to 138,0W7 From the Colony of Victoria 3,00S,S06oz. were exported last year, the value of which, at 4(, per o&, was 12,015,2214 CRty8Tk PATm -ON-E SrmHL Diy, Wednes day, Sept. 2-Admissions on payment, 29,573; ditto by se. son tickets, 1,8S; total visitors, 31,46L LONDON GENERAL. OrNIBnUs COM1PAY.-TraffiC receipts for tho week ending August 29, 12,047L 10s. 4d. BRISTOL SUGAR AIARXKT, Sept. 2.-We have had but little business doing in any description of migr this week, and sales to only a small amount have been effected by submitting to a reduction of Is. per cwt. The rmarkvS closes flat. 'i'a few rums offsriDg have becg sc ld, t verx foll rates
SECOND EDITION* THE TIUES-OFFICE, Thlursday Morming. EXPRESS FROM PARIS: The followiLig is the letter of our Paris corre*pondent, dated yesterday (Wedneaday), G p.m. The Council-General of the department of the 'Herault, presided over by M. Michel Chevalier, has just held its annual meeting, sad has unanimously passed strong resolutions in favour of a revision of the French Customs' tariffs. In these resolutions the cause of free trade is argued with all the vigour and lucidity that might be expected from the high reputation of the distinguished President of the Council. The existing restrictions are shown to be, for the most part, injurious to the agricultural interest and uncalled for by the state of French manufactures. In the infancy of industry it might be needful 'to put it in leading strings, but now; the produce of French ingenuity and skill is found comnpetiig in fo- reign markets with those of England and other manu- i facturing countries. It is stated in the resolutions, which constitute a report concerning the effects to -be anticipated on French commerce fromn the adoption of free trade, that the value of tbe nmanufwctures exported from France to markets where they mees -with] foreign corupetition exceeds 1,0o0,000,000f., whereof at leas, 400,000,000f. consists of articles ohich the French tariff protects by prohibition. It is estimated that nine-tenths, at, least, of the manu'factures of France are protected by absolute prohibition, and that the greater part of the remaining tenth are subject to duties so high as to be de farto prohibited. In short, French. industry is swathed, fenced in, and fostered as if it were a puny child, instead of a robust adult, well able to hold its own among competitors. Such a system, contrasting with that of all other countries, wlhich have reduced their tariffs while France has strictly -maintained hers, is calculated, in the opinion of the Council of the Herault, to reflect unfavourably on the French name, at the same time that it is in contradiction with the spirit of the times, with the closer relations established by railways among the European nations, and with the community of interests sought to be created among them. It is pointed out that, by coming forward as candidates for the highest prizes at the Universal Exhibition of Paris, where cheapness was one of the conditions of success, the French manufacturers clearly proved that they were able to brave foreign rivalry. Un the other hand, if in certain branches they are inferior to the foreigner, this is attributed to the securitv and sloth inlto which they have been lulled by the certainty of a monopoly of the home market. The question of reprisals is next touched upon, and on this head the Council of the Herault speaks feelingly, since that great vine district naturally sees a grave obstacle to the ful development of its prosperity in the tax levied by foreign Oustom-houses on its excellent winos. By the reduction of duty effected by the Imperial Government on some of the most importanit alimentary articles, such as corn and cattle, as well as on wool and other farm produce, agriculture, unquestionably the most important branch of French industry-since it is estimated that 20,000,000 of Frenchmen live by it-has ceased to enjoy the advantages of the protective Bystem, whose charges, however, it continues to support when it purchases the iron indispensable to its operations, farming implemaent5 and machines, guano to fertilize the soil, household utensils, and many articles of raiment. The effect of the prohibitive system is particularly injurious to the consumer in the case of certain manufactures enjoy a monopoly and impose their own terms upon the public. This kind of combination, says the report, has a tendency to increase, aud to extend itself to manufactures not confiaed to so fewv hands. Against the factitious dearness with which the public is thus threatened the sole resource must besought in foreign competition. The repirtpoints out the great difference in the rate of import duty levied on certain articles under Napoleon I. and under Napoleon III. Thus, as regards iron and steel, under the first Emperor the duty was 44f. on the former, and 90f. on the latter article. The decree of 1853 found it augrnented to the enormous rate of 206f. and 1,320f. for the qualities most demanded; and, even after that decree, they remnained treble what they were under Napoleon I. The less amount of protective duty under which certain manufactures thrive and increase in other countries, less forward than France in manufacturing skill, is exemplified by the article of cotton yarns. The project of law of 1S56, which encoun. tered such strenuous opposition, proposed a gra duated scale of duty from if. 5c. to 7f. 5Oc. per kilogramme, wbile the German spinners prosper, according to the report, with a general duty of 22c. oni all numbers indiscriminately, and those of Rassia, stiHl less skilful, multiply wvith a protective duty lower than the minimum laid down in the project of law. After expressing itsgratitude to the Governnent for the reduction made in the duties on several articles of subsistence and raw materials, the Council-General concludes by expressing its wishes on the subject before it. It desires that all the reductions of duties provisionally decreed may be rendered definitive, and that a revision of the whole tariff may be at once proceeded to ; that all export duties oln Frenclh merchandise may be suppressed, aud the formalities of exportation simpliMcdl; that all commercial prohibitions of importation may be immediately abolished, and replaced by duties aitably adjusted ; that the duties, for the rnO4t part excossive, of the present tariff, be reduced to rates which would permit foreign comlpetition to sti:uulate French industry, henctforw ard strong enough to benefit by such a system instead of suffering from it ; that duties on raw materials oF ali kinds be gradually reduced, so as to disappear within a short term of years; and that the same be done with respect to the tools, machines, and apparatus which are the instriments of work in agriculture, manufactures, trade, and navigation; and especiaUy that the duties on iron, on raw cast iron, and on steel in bars may return as soon as possible to the point at which they were in the reign of Napoleon 1. ; and -that, ia the diplormatic negotiations which sllaH be opened to eusure to French industry a just reciprocity, particular efforts shall be devoted to obtain the removal of the interdiction which has everywhere been laid, in Europe and elsewhere, on the wines of France. A private telegraphic despatehi in sonme of to-day's Paris paper announces that the French squadron, which has left the coast of Corsica for Tunis, goes to exact from the Bey further satisfaction for the recent outrages. This is not the ease; the satisfac*tion given by the Bey is deemed quite sufficient The squadron has no mission of menace towards the Tunisian Government, wbich it goes, on the contrary, to support against the religious fanaticism of -the population. The Government is extremely -weal, and the people are violent and unruly. The appeal of Captain Doineau and of the con-demned Arabs has been received to-day by the Court of Cassation. lWhatever that Court may decide, there seems to be no doubt that Dolneau's sentence -will be commuted. A judicial inquiry has been instituted into the clrcumstances attendiug the death of Prince Gregory Ghika, formerly Hospodar of Moldavia. Its result. ohows that he had been, for the last three montbt, ubject to fits of extreme melancholy, amounting to Insanity. A number of foreign officers have been autlharized by the Emperor, at thei request, to assist at the mancouvres of the Camp of Chalons. Orders have been given for the repairs of the Chateau of St. Germain, at the cost of the Civil List. The Empress on Saturday made an excursion by sea on board the Pelican. This light steamer enter: d the Bidassoa and came to an anchor off Fontarabia, where Her Majesty landed and visited the town in the midst of enthusiastic acclamations from the crowd, some of whom afterwards executed several national dances in the public square. The Empress on again embarking went to the opposite bank of the Bidassoa and landed at Hendaye, where she was received by the curd, at the head of all his parishioners. The Empress returned to the villa at a late hour in the evening. The next day pleasuretrains from Toulouse and Bordeaux conveyed about 3,000 visitors to Bayonne. The regatta took place on that day, and was honoured by the presence of I Eer Majesty, who also attended the bull-fight in the afternoon, and remained during the whole of the representation. In the evening there was a reception at the villa, the company being very numerous, aind the entert;rinments kept up to a late hour. There is very little doubt that the mucht-alked-of interview between the Emperors of France and Russia will take place in Germany this year. Stutgardt or Darmstadt, it ;s said, will be the place of meeting. A deputation from the department of the Moselle waited on the Emperor the other day at the camp, to ask him to visit Metz. I am assured that his reply was that perhaps he would go there on his way to Germany. The date (so long uncertain) of the inauguration of the railway from Niort to La Rochelle and Rochefort is officially and irrevocably fixed. This solemnity will take place on Sunday, the 0th of September, at La RocheUe, and on Monday, the 7th, at Rochfort. The works which are to join the railway to Geneva with that of the Mediterranean have been carried on for some time past witb redoubled activity. The viaduct of the Rhone is finished, likewise the viaduct (composed of ten small arches of solid earth) which join it, and which are intended to assist in drawing off the water, which overflows during the great floods. The masons are now occupied in fixing the hand-rails of these two important works, which in reality form but one. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received " TURIN, Smyr. L "The King returned this day to Chambery from Culoz. The ceremony has been acconiplished admirably. " Prince Napoleon took leave of the King on the French territory, and his Imperial Highness has set out again for Paris. "The Duke of Mslakhoff haaarrived.2 The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 35c. ; Orleans Railway shares at 1,440f.; Great Northern, 877f. 60c.; Strasburg, 685f.; New Shares, 667f. 60c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 883f. 75c.; Western of France, 72Of.; Bordeaux and Cette, 63,f. 50c.; Great Cent-al of France, 615f.; Lyons and Geneva, G72f. 50c. ; Bank of Crddit Mobilier, 92-f.; Ausrian Railways, (645f.; Romnan Railways, 500f.; Russian Railways, 512f. o0c. Couirs Authentique.-PARrs, Sept. 2.-ah PAcesFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reinbursable for 10 years), 93. 35c.; Three per Cents., 66f. 80c. 95c. 67f. 66f. 15c. 90c. 85c. ; Bank of France, 2,775f. ; ditto (275£. paid), 2,775f. Credit Foncier, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 428f. 7.5c. 427f. 50oc. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 87f. 5Oc.; ditto Tentbs, Three per Cents., 80f.; Credit Mobiller, 950£. 940f. 946S. 920f.; Discount Bank, 66Sf. 75c- eva n. 's. . - C_. -o.soe r Five per Cents., 894; Belgian Four.and-a-Haf per Cents., !MP); Rente de Naples (Rothichild), 110 25 ; Romans, 86.; Haytian Loan, 560; Spanish Three per Cents., Interior Debt, 371 38 389. Exchange on London, at might, paper, 25f. 221io.; money, 25f. 1731.; three months, paper, 24f. 873c.; money, 24f. 85oc. TIIE CAMP AT CHALONS. A correspondent of the IRi;PeiWa?tce of Brussels gives the following details of the camp atChhlons:- The inhabitants of the country flock to this spot to admire the wonderful metainorphosis which has been effected here. D.-y and barren plains which before were the image of desolation are now all life and animation. In a fevw days whole villages have been constructed. Huts in planks for kitchens, for officers' messrooms, for can. eens, stables, &c., extend from the Petit htourmelon to beyond the Grand Mourmelon towards the Grand St. Hilaire, It Is towards Rheims that tho - eet curious part of the camp is placed. The new rallwt, station is situated in that quarter. Piles for a bridge across the Grand Mourmelon have already been driven. On leaving the station, and in advancing into the camp, a large slaughter-house is seen, where from 23 to 30 oxen are killed every day, and the consumption will soon materially increase. A number of live animals, sufflicient for five or six days, are always kept in reserve. The skins of the slanghtered animals are sold in Pa.is, and the fat Is sent to Strasburg. The part of the establishment which will be visited with great interest by tourists is the bakehouse, where a great number of field ovens may be.seen in operatiou. They are formed by excavations made in the ground, lined with plates of cast iron, covered at the top with sheet iron, and over that with sand. In the front is a square hole, formed of brickwork, th-ough which the loaves are introdaced. The bread baked in this way is excellent. ?'ext coma the storehouses for colonial products and forage, for different kinds of camp eluipage, and other articles, and at the end of the whole is the park of artillery. Near this spot, and lnst across the rivulet of the Oourimelon, are stationed three brigades of cavalry, and in the rear of them the infantry whose quarters extend towards the village of the Grand St. I{ilaire. Opposite, in the interior of the camp, and acro.s I he old Roman road, arc placed the Staff and the Imperial l:ead-quarters, with the pavilion of the Emperor. On either side of the pavilion, which is painted blue and white, in imnitation of strined cloth, are two pretty chldlets, and in the rear a small clump of fir trees. The Imperial pavilion comman-Is a view of the whole camp and neighbourhood. Res aurants, caf6s, and shops of all kinds have already been esablished on the slopes between Livry and Sonain, running in fact along the whole length of the camp. The Grand Mourtnelon is full of dealers, who offer for sale beds, tables, kitchen utensils, and books, among which the works of Paul de Kock and Pigauilt Lebron predominate. Magnifi. cent fi'tes are talked of during the sojourn of the Emperor. His Majesty has invited Mtarshals Pdlissier, Canrobert Bosquet, and Baragnay d'iiiliers to come and pass some days at the camp. Mgr. Morlot, Archbishop of Paris, who is to perform a solemn mass at the camp on Sunday, will reside at Rheims.' ITALY. The Piedinontese Gazett of the 31st ulf. gives soine accoui t of the proceedings of the King of Sardinia in proceeding to Caloz:- " His Majesty set oult at 10, on the night of the 30th, from Tuiin, bya special train, and arrived at Susa at II. He was received at the stationby tho civil, military, and ecclesiasticil authorities, and was loudly greeted by the assemnbled mmi,itude on setting out again for the Mont Cenis, after a quarter of an hour's halt. The town was brilliantly Uuinminaiad, and upwards of 100 young men accompanied His Majesty part of the way with lighted torches. Reokets were let off from La Brunetta, and numerous bonfires were seen on the adjoining hills as demonstrations of joy." The Monityre Toseasno states that on the 28th ult. the Pope, after celebrating mass in the cathedral of Vo terra, set out for Conegliano, preceded by the Grand Duke and Hereditary Prince. Thence HIs Holiness proceeded to Pontedera and Empoli, and, after giving his benediction to the people, set out for Siena, where he arrived at 6 p.m He was, as usual, received by the authorities, and by the dignitaries of the Court. Having visited the cathedral, he proceeded to the palace, where the Grand Duke and his family awaked him at the bottom of the stircase. In the- evening the town was brilliantly iiuminated. A letter ftom Naples, in the azette de Li gives some particulars of the termination of the differences between Piedmont and the Two s81 Iieg on the subject of the capture of the Cagliar" steamer:- " It has been stated that notes have been addressed to the Neapolitan Government by the Cabinets of London and Turtin, protesting against the detention and trial of British and Sardinlan subjects wFho were on board the Cagllari either as passengers or as composing her orew, and that a rupture had taken place between the Cabinets of Turin and Naples. All this is incorrect. The truth is that the Court of Naples assumed the initiative by addressiag a note to the Piedmontese Government, complaining that an expedition against the safety of the kingdom of the Two Sioilies should have been organized without the knowledge of the police, or, what would be still worse, with the conni. vance of the Government. This note was written in a very dignified and frm style. The Cabinet of Tusin, in its reply, did not assume the attitade of arrogance which has been attributed to It by certain journals; its note, on the contrary, was written in a tone of great moderation and in a spirit of conciliation. The Sardinian Minister endeavours to justify his Government from the charge of connivance. He states that the captain of the Cagliari was the victim of an infamous scheme, .and that he was compelled by violenee to change his destination, which was Tunis, and proceed to Ponza and Sapri; and that, consequently, it was not surpriling that the Sardinian police should have been deceivedAs a proof of its good faith, the Cabinet of Turin assures the Neapolitan Government that for the future a more rigid surveillance shall be exercised, and promises to give the Government of Naples information of any facts which may come out duriDg the political triWls now going on at Genoa, whi'h may in any way intsrest the security of the kingdom of the Two Sicilies, and requests that the Neapolitan Government will make a similar communisation should anything transpire during the trial before the Court of Salerno calculated to throw light on the 4e*nts which have lately taken place in Piedmont. No trace of any bitterness of expression is to be found in any of the notes exchanged. As far as regards England, no note whatever has been sent. The Consul at Naples has confined himself t recommending his conntrymen who were on board the Cagliari to the attention of the Neapolitan Government, without in any way wishing to impede the free course ol justics and throw any difficulties in the way of the investigations which may lead to the discovery of the hand which directed the criminal enterprise of Sapri." SPAIN. The Madrid Gazette, of the 29th nilt., publishes a telegraphic despatch from the Ambassador at Rome, announcing that on the 8th of September the Holy Father will do the Embassy the signal honour of consecrating the monument erected in its palace to commemorate the proclamation of the mystery of the Immaculate Conception as a dogma of the Roman Catholic Church. The Espana, a semi official authority, positively denies, " on information obtained from the beat sources," that any secret treaty exiets between the United States and Mexico. 9What has given rise to the rumour of the existence of one is, it says, that an understanding exists between some American and Cuban filibusters; bat it declares that the projects of those parties "may be regarded with contempt." The new scheme of public instruction had been definitively drawn up, and was about to be submitted to the Queen. The recei2t census shows the population of Spain to amount to 16,340,500 souls.
AMERICA. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) SOUTHAMPTON, TnuRsDAr Mo0s1NG. The Uhnited States mail steamer Fulton has just arrived off Cowes, -with advices from Neew York to the 22d ult. (being two days later), and $100,000 in Specie. The Jason, screw steamer, from Southampton, arrived at New York on the 21st. The New York money market was active, but prices for railroad stocks were still downward. The market for cotton closed firm and at full prices. Flour was dull and irregular, some descriptions closing at a further decline of about 56c. per barreL . ' '- -- " oA qrdins.rv! wh+il prime was unchanged. Corn was m good request. Sugars without change of prices. Sales of coffee embraced 900 bags of Rio at Ilic. Rather more doing in freights, especially to Liverpool and London.
SHIP FEWS. FAL5OtfTIt. Aug. 31.-Arrived, the Swediaea hip 1Norden, from Moulmein, tor orders and Dunoee-the steamer Foyle from London, ad Jett for Dublin. Saiod, the Undaunted. for Hambmr-the A4miraL for Antwerp-the ElJzabeth Yeo, fo HoIL 8tept. .-Arrived off tbe po, the Belgian aship Colnrmbus, froms Akyab, for orders nod Bremerhven. AAred theSWrJinian btkormsa, from BerdlaJaki, for order, Sailed. the Cock oe the Walk, for Galatz-the Kate Swan. tom for St. Petersbuirg. tsroL, Sept 2.-Wind, N. by W. : fresh, fine. Arrived, the Denmark, from Liga-the Asendahl. fom Luloa-the Deux Vreres, from Bordeaux-the Martha, the Cbhwl. and the Calypso, from Dublin-the Lady Louisa and the Camille, from Waterford-be, 2Expreig, from flase-the Prioress Royal, from Bideferd-tbe Juno, from Tenby. Satled.-The James Gibson, foromDemeraa-the Petrel, for Cardiff. FAYA'.t Aug. 8-The Kert:h, from CZao for Quoe vntown, which put in here on the 4th of Augutt, leaky and with otber damage after bhi.g in oontact with the Baretto Junior, from Lnmdon for Cuatiat bra been ,ruve, ed. and wi' hays to diecti.rs- p.rt of cargo, suffiment to (rive hsr a lst. It order that the damRge may be to cerlly reranesrL The Hgghl.d,dhi5f, from Liverpool for XewMq York, `whcba putInhereoontel2st of JIUly leaky, sd with partofcngo thrown ovyrl oard, wilI mail to-morrow for her deseination. GIBRAL=TA, Aug. 26.-A port-on of the o.rgo of Iron from the Ali ~e "d Ann (Briti b brigantine), ret orted as wreoked onx tihe east Co.st of lipaSI, nr Zatoeport, hbas been brought hem, VrgSlSns SPoKEN Wrl-. The Jotn Forgu3on. ot Greenock, Auxg IS, in lit. 43 N., long. 12 W. The Antelope, bound for China. Way 14 in lIt. 18S.. long. 38 W. The Ooeau Chief, rom Liverpool for MeNbourne, In lat. 18 , long, 34 W. The Friar Tuck-, May 28, In laet 19 8, long. 33 W. The Maid of Jrdah, from Londor for Sydney, June 12. in lat. 42a., eor. 32 E. rhe Euphrate3, from Ceylon for londoo, July 15, in lat, 1 N,. lon g. The W t.sarlo, fr legstown for 310ndeo, July 24, In lat. 13 N., T he Blanche, frOm Qosenemowrn for ?rltanzas, Aug. 17, In lat, 40 N,,. long. 18 W, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Ao. 7!nla.46N the Pio.e3r, from thre Maunitla foe London, KAug. 28, In lat 49 X., La BHogue, fr9m London for 8ydn. Aug. 10, Inlat. 42 NW, leog.. The lyppoelte Erniera, ef arae.ho C3rdHd for glgapore, Au14 in lBt. 2N.. long. 2? W. Theo karleut Zampla from Conimltinople for Quseneown, Aug.. 23, in lt,4t 1N.. ong. '23 W. Tho.bmerican sbip Georges, Aug. 15, In lat, 45 N., long. 23*'. ThD steatner Tbgus. ttom Southampton, Aug. 20, 30 mfl4 sooutr .nt The 8onthern Crrs,. for New ZeWnd. The London, from London fer"few Ysrk, Aug. 2,xjn -lat, K6, .11Clcg. 15 Ott TheWillJim Jones. from CZBzlekton for Londr:*,Avg.=1uI%k SO N., loaL S W. H 1GGH WATER A-Vl3lDoN.BRIDGP ,- DA. pon!;4 ,,1S r,;va,p c 1oWtW
IRELAND. (FBZrOUR OWN coEspoNDE.j) DUBLIN, WRDNEsDAY MORIaNG. THE BRITISH ASSOCIATION. Yeat*rday' proceedingts were most agreeably wound tmp with a monster Aoirde at Dublin Castle, the partak-ers of Lord Carlisle,'s hospitality counting by hundreds, including, of coU.rse all the intellec-. tual lion8 resident and stranger is the Irish metropolis. It is conceded on all hands, now that the meetigs of the Association are approaching their finale, that the session of 1857 has been quite a success, a result which must in no small measure be attributed to the warm encouragement and support of the present Viceroy. This is the last day of the sectional meetings, and to-morrow the savans c,,muience their tour of country excursions. Two saubjects of general interest were discussed yeaterday in Section F, presided over by the Archbishop of Dublin, Lord Carlide, as usual, being present. rhe questions related to the institution of the Encumbered Estates Court and the system of National Education. Annexed is a brief outline of the conversation:- "ENCuMMBERXD ESTATEs COMMISsION. " Mr. Locke read an instructive paper on this subject, detailing the general beneficial results of that jurisdiction In this country, and applying the concludions to the question of facilitating sale and transfer of aU real estate, whether encumbered or unencumbered, not only in Ireland, but in Great Britain and our colonies ; in short, of applying the principles of free trade to land, as far as these are capable of being adapted to the circumstances of immovable property. " Mr. Chadwick observed that he found on the continent of Europe tht the improvements produced by the Encumbared Estates Court Act in lEnglaud were a subject of great interest. He thought it would have been a great advantae if Mr. Locke had embraced in his paper the effect of the improved application of capital and culture on the distriots improved. II Mr. Locke. -The increase in the wages of labour is one of the beneficial results. " Lord blonteagle said that there was one observation which applied particularly to Ireland, and anothermore generally on this subject of the encumberedestates. He had been a steady friend of the systera fromu its introduction to the present time. Mr. Locke had not adverted to the old system of landed property in Ireland, above all its inequality, which produced a state of things that could have existed in no other country. He alluded to the enormous quantity of land which remained in the hands of particular owners, while there were susalU tenancies extending to a degree that produced msuch mischief as regarded the labouring and farmi.g classes. There was the greatest disproportion between the members of the different classes that almost extended in any country, and the owners of land were not only subject to the difficulty of being in many instances absentees from c)nztry, but were the introducers of a system of which they somewhat illogically complained, because they became by their own acts, or the acts of their ancestors, annuitants on the land by letting it on long leases, and consequently could not have the means or knowledge to improve the condition of the estate for which they were responsible. It was essential that the ownership of laud should be distributed among the masses of the people. By means of the Encumbered EMtates Act they were now creating a class of smnall owners,who would be really identified with the improvement of the land, which became their fee simple estate, which would have most beneficial results as compared with the state of things which formerly existed It was quite true that losses were sustalued at fhst, hut let them consider what the loss would be if they had noEncum. bered Estates Act. The observation which intended to apply to the empire at large was, that he did not see why this principle of the Encumbered Estates Act, which gave a Parliamentary title, should not be extended to estates that were not encumbered. " Mr. Perry said that among the great advantages of the Encumbered Estates Act was the facility which it gave to persons to acquire land. '- Mr. Bloomfield observed that one of the benefxts was that It did away with those infamous places, the Masters' offices. He thought that 1 per cent., which a person who had paid a large sum for proving his title was charged when he went into the court, deserved the oonsideration of the Legislature. '" Mr. Newmarchlooked upon the distinction betweeu Encumbered and Non-Encumbered Estates Act as a ridiculous one. '" Lord btonteagle said, before theocommittee of the House of Lords, which was appointed to consider the burdens on land, Mr. Senior was examined, and stated that he considered the Court of Chancery was the greatest burden on land. "M r. Houghton observed that God never sent a famine on Ireland. We had wasted more food than wonld supply aU those who died from want. " POPULAR EDUCATION IN IRELAND. ' Ir. James W. liavanagh, Head Inspector of National Schools, next read a 'sketch of the rise, progress, and present prospects of popular educatioa in Ireland.' The Rev. Mr. MarshaU next addressed the section, warmly advocating the cause of united seoular education, and separate religious instrction, but stated that in the population, as taken by the censns of lg51, there was a diminution of L2 39 l,eaving the total population at the ;ve years of age who could neither read nor v rtsao of those who could read only L203,046, and of those who dculd read and write 1,938,685. It would aLso appear that, while the totaly ignorant had diminished by 1,000,000, of those who could read asd write there was also a diminution af 236,802, or within a compara. tively small number of it'a total diuinution of the popuis,tion. But still this great fact remained to be accounted for, why at this period of tbeir country's history so large a percentage of ignorance was to be found auoung them. The hulk of those figures could not be questicned, and then, if aU parties were inquiring how It happened that with all the means available for educatioDal purposes-and it was no exaggeration to say at least 800,000?. a-year was spent in education-yet one-half of the entire population of those over five years of age were in the most utter ignorance, and unable even to read. Mr. Mlarshahl urged upon the section the necessity that there was for inquiry, and earnestly desired that the calm consideration of the subject might lead those acquainted with educational matters to provide a remedy for the evil, which struck at the foundation of, and was opposed to, aU social progress and improvement. ",Colonel Beamish observed that the section must feel greatly indebted to Mr. Kavanagh for the very valuable and interesting manner in which he had brouzht forward the statistics relative to education. He trusted tiheso figures and statements generally would materiaUy assist in removing much of the igneorance and prejudice wh'ch existed on the subject. It was clear that no system of education could succeed in Ireland unless it was made satisfactory to the relgions feelings of the great mass of the people. 'Mr. Pare, in the course of some observations, stated that .the number of children receiving education in the various countries of Burope, as compared with the Population, were- In France and Holland, one in ei Isu in Prussia and some parts of Germany, one in six; in witzerland, one in five; and in Gl vow, one in 14. la His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant here rose amid loud applause, and said, 'I do not intend to take up the time of the meeting vnth any observations on the subject now under discussion-h but I wish merely to mention one fact-that the first time f ever saw the writer of the paper to which we have just listened vvas as an humble school lad in one of the country schools of Ireland.' " Lord Monteagle said he had listened with much satisfaction to the very excellent report which bad been read with respect to the proportion of the children taught in these schools to the population of the country. lie new that there wss great difficolty in securing their attendance after they had arrived at an age in which they were at all capable of employmeni, or could be of any mse to their parents at home. The withdrawal of children from the schools was, therefore, owing to causes operating in England, as well as in this conutry - for wherever there was a demand for labour they woufd find that children who could do any work would be taken from the schools in those districts of the country which were agricultural,; and wbere schools existed in which was added agriculrnral to intellectual teaching. they found the pupils were allowed to remain longer, until they grew up and became vigorous plants. This was an agricultural country, and it was necessary that agriculture should be taught in the national schools in order to convince the masses that the instruction which their children were receiving applied to their occupation in after life, and would fit them for it HIe considered, therefore, that the agricultural schools which the Commissioners of National Education had established in many districts were a great benefit to the country. In his (Lord Monteagle's) own neighbourhood they had a most excellent agricultural school, around which there was a cycle of other schools, and he could state that the boys, after working in the farm for part of the day, returned to their studies for the remainder of the time with increased activity, and with their mental and physical powers greatly invigo. rated.. GOVE Ii'T IlrQt7Thy. It is announced by the Belfast journals, that the Lord-Lieutenant has decided that an inquiry conducted by the Government shall take place into the circumstances connected with the abo;inable outrages of the 12th of July and seven subsequent days. The Northern W'ftig, referring to the promised,investigationf says:- "The appeal was made with alU the emphasis warranted by the circumstances; but the precedents for euob an inves. tigation are not numejous, sand it would not have been difficult for Lord Carlisle to escape with all routine decorum the awkward incidents likely to he provoked by soch an inquest, at a moment whn *he Castle tactics Tare to please all parties by evading all bat ceremonial fnentloase. Bat Lord Carlisle has not shirked a plain duty, snd hea ha done himnself the greatest honour by his prompt and cordial appreciation of the facts brought under his notice in this In connexion with the recent savageries another Belfast paper has the following short statement with reapect to the progregs of what is coolly called the 4 "giU clubs movemnent" in the town which boasts itself as the centre of Irish progress :- " t is whispered tht there Is something mom tangible in the I gan clubs' movement in Belfst thau had been sup. posed, and that doughty champions of both, cases are stealthily providing themselves with vazius dsmcriptions of firearm,-of coune, on those ewenoinical teas familiarly known as 'handy.' This comimecgmnt o-.emand, Fith an early prospeot. of a brisk ta4n,hahzp iupsted a firmer tot,e to the marnat, and extemlija holders(p.wnbrolkers, for instance) of spveliiiea Ikely tc VS.ua upois. keeping Up for onsiderabllienhancd ra, Xbe tvans4iona in articles of approved hecids are qn.;:e p sportanNt whilq Manton are altc4ther.ueglected. T6ds-net isnprob,ahle that some the gNijj lw sg ^jUeo r ud during the! ! few Wee;S ha-M taker7 ^ -art orders home for cheap rifle,,. such as, in IS&, wre seid bY aUction in EHigh-street at 14e. each, and which ina w,ould certainly have dons deadly e-ecution among those ,Who stood behind then. We are not informed as to whether enY sohools for drill have yet been opened, but we presume t.,3 PoOi8o know all about that." FATAL AGRARIANr &UlTh,~Of The subjoined statement appears in a Jettb; from Longford, dated Monday night :- 't"he peace of this usually tranquU cottny Wm ?s5t nght brokern by a *earful outrage of an agrarian charactcr, whereby the lives of t wo men are placed in extreme jeopardy. The facts of the case are these --On Sunday night a party of armed men, numbering, it is sMid, 40 individuals, knocked at the house of a man named Matthew Farrell, who resdes in Moydon, about three miles from this towa, and on being refused admittance immediately commenced smashing the deor. Farrell with his son, who happened to be in the place at the time, wot out of bed and armed themselves with pitchforks, determmed to keep the villains out,at all hazards. Htowever, after a considerableresistancethe doorgaveway, ani the party rushed into the houseo vowing vengeance ainst their devoted victims, whom they at once surrounde, and deliberately discharged a fearful volley of shot aad slugs into their bodies After repeated ill-usage the cowasrdly villains retired. It is almost miraculous how the unfortunate Farrells could have survived. The elder Farrell's face is comtletely disfigured from tho shot; and, should he recover is eyesiht can never be restored. His son mas not received so much injury; his arm and shoulder are mnuch injured, with other bruises of a less serious -character. The police, on receiving information of the occurrene, immedi. Ately scoured the country, but, we regret to say, no trace of the ruflians has been found. The oWly cause that can be assigned for this outrage is, that some parties had been evicted from the ground occupied by Farrell, who is a caretaker on the estate, and that after repeated threatening he refused to give it up or discontinue his employment, and thatthishas been atlength the consummation of their object. It is most painful to ,tate that outrages of this description are not uncommon recently in the locality in which this took plac2. On last Sunday night week an anmed party went through the same neighbourhood and administered an oath to several persons, to the effect thatthey should hold no intercourse with ertain parties vho had incurred the outlaws' displeasure." LEGAL APPOEN-lT.Ws, It Is aunounced that MNTr. Maurice Keatinge, son of Judge Keatinge, and Dr. Wiley are to be the joint regiatrars of the newF Court of Probate, at a a1ary of 1,ooOL. a-year each. Mr. Anthony Hawkins, the present registrar, retire8 on his full salary -the usual result of all modern law reforms and saving of the p~ublic money. TEB FUNIDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 9O) ; ditto, for new account, 13th of October, 901 4; New Three per Cent. Stock, 904 -'ditto for account, lOh of September, 904 ; ditto for new account, 13th of October, 904 s Midland Groat Western, Debentures, Four and &-Half per Cents, of 500L, 99. National Bank of Ireland, 251. paid, 356. Railways.- Dublin and Wicklow, (101. paid), 54 ex. div.; Great Soutbern and Western (1001. paid), 101$ ex. div.; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal (50. paid), 503; ditto half-shares (251. paid), 254. 3
SPORTING INTELLGgENCE. 'WA'RWTr.V PACIVIZ The SHIORTS O e-ach, with 2.5 added. Winners after the declaration of the wdghts 61b. extra. Five furlongs, 19 subs. Mr. T. Walker's Oltenitza, by the Flying Dutchman, 4 yrs, Sst. 21b. (Alderoft) ... ..... Mr. Parker's Blue Rock, 4 yrs, Gst. 41b. (Adams) 2 Mr. La Mlert's Maggie Lauder, 2 yrs, 6st. 71b. (Bray) ... 3 The following also ran - Mr. Craven's Yaller Gal, by Woolwich, 2 yrs (including 51b. extra), 6ist. 51b. (carried 6s.- 71b.) (French). Mr. Hodymnan's Lady Aiintree, 3 yr., 6st. 41b. (Mitchell). Mr. E. R. Clark's Mountain Nymph, 2 yrs, 5st. (Pritchard.) Mr. Whitehouse's Repute, 2 yrs, 4st. 11b. (carried 5st.) (Challoner). Mr. Gulliver's Archibald, 2 r, 4st. 81b. (A. Bdwards). Betting.-Even on Blue Rock, 9 to 2 gst Yadler Gal, 6 to 1 agst Oltenitza. Won by a length and -hall; Blue Rock, who got badly ofi; finished a neck in advance of the third; Repute was fourth, about two lengths behind Maggie Lauder; Yaller Gal was fifth. The QuRrN's PLATE of 100 guineag; three.yr.olds, 8it. 21b.; four, 9st. 41b; five, 9st. 91b.; six and aged, 9at. Illb. Two miles. Mr. T. Parr's Fisherman, by Heron, 4 yrs (Wells) ,.. 1 Mr. WVilkin's Oak-ball, 3 yrs (D. Hughes) . ... ... 2 Betting.-5 to 2 on Fisherman, who made all the running, And won by a length and a-half. The RACING STAKE.S, of 5 sovs. each, with 25 added, for 2-yr-olds and upwards. Optional selling weights, &c. 5 furlongs. 6 subs. Mr. T. Cliff'8 Amorous Boy, by Alarm, 3 yB (301.), 7st. 21b. (D. lugbes) ... ... ... ... .. 1 Mr. CopelaDd's Salmon, 4 yrs (301.), 7st. 131b. (Alderoft) 2 Al r. J. Mlerry's Cock of the North, 5 yrs (301.), Sst. 21b. (Chiulman) .. .. . .. .. .. .. Mr. Parker's fily, by Joe Lovell-Terpsichore, 2 yra (301.), 5dt. 41b. (Adams) ... ... .. ... .. 4 Mr. Barber's Nelly, 2 yrs (301.), st. 41b. (Pritchard) ... 6 Mr. Roses Augusta, 3 )rs (301.), ast. 21b. (Prior) ... 6 Betting.-7 to 4 agst Terpreibore fiUy, 4 to I zset ('ock _e -y. - n, .: & Dy, Augusta, and Won by a bead; a length and a-half between the second and third; had fourth. The winner was bought in for 42 guineas, and the Terpsichore filly was claimed. The LRAaIINOTON STAKES of 25 sovs. each, l5ft., and 5 onlyif declared, &c, vwth 100 added. Certain penalties for winners, &c. The second to save his stake. Two mnies. 70 subs., 47 of whom declared. Mr. Barber's Commotion, by Alarm, 3 M 6st. 61b. (Dales) 1 Mr. Gulliver's Redemption, S yrs Gst. 71b. (Prior) ... 2 Mr. J. Merry's Uzelsa, 4 yrs, 6s't. fIb. (Plumh) ... .. 3 Mr. Holland's Stork, 4 yrs, Tst. 91b. (D. Hughes) ... 4 The following also ran:- M1r. E RI. Clark's Mr. Sykes, aged, 7st. 121b. (Aldcroft). Mr. WiUon's Merlin. 4 yrs, Fit (Swenson). Lord Clifden's Homily, 6 yrs. 6st. 41b. (Bray). Lord Wilton's Peeping Tom. 3 yrs, 5st. 13ib. (Grimmer). Mr. Parker's Alice. S yrs, 5st. ll1b. (Adams). Mr. J. Osborne's Tiff, 4 yrs, 5st. 10lb. (Challoner). Betting.-3 to I agst Uzella, 7 to 2 agst Uir. Sykes, 4 to 1 agst Commotion, 8 to 1 each agst Redewption and Homily, 10 to I agst Tiff, 100 to S agst .Mderlin. Won by two lengths; tbree lengths be'ween the second and third; very bad fourth. Homily wa. fifth M erlin sixth, Peeping Tom seventh, Tiff eighth, Mr. Syekes (who broke dowvn just before refaching the distance) next, and Alice last, a distinct interval separating each. The Avos STAKES, of 5 sovs. each, 3 ft., with 20 added, for 2 and 3-yr.olds. Certain allowances. The winner to be sold by auction for 100 sovs., &o. Three-quarters of a mile. 7 subs. Mr. Halford's colt by The Cossack-Margaret of Anjou, 2 yrs, 6st. 71b. (Challoner)... ... ... ... 1.. Mr. T. Stevens's Flora Macdonald, 2 yrs, 6fit. 41b. (Bray) 2 Mr. Saxon's Figdale, 2 yrs, 6-t. lUIb. (Dales). 3 Betting.-5 to 4 on Alargare of Anjou colt, 2 to 1 agst Elora Macdonald. Won by a head, bad third. There was no advance upon the seliug price. The CASTLE PARK STAKES, of 10 SoVs. each, with 50 added, for 2-yr-olds. Colts. 8st 71b. ; fillies, 8st. 21b. Allowances and penalties. Three-quarters of a mile. 5 subs. ALr Barber's Polly Peachbin, by Collingwood, 8&t. 91b. (including 71b. extra) (AIderoft). Walked over. TuT CORLSTaiAN STAKES (1AXNDI(Ar) of 10 soVS. each. h. ft. Gentlemen riders; professionals, 61b. extra. Threequarters of a mile. 4 suhb. Mr. Barber's liss Harkaway, by Sir Tatten Sykes, 4 yrs, 9st. Slb. (Mr. Edwards) .. ... ... ... .. I Mr. T. Cliffs Lady Hercules, 3 yri, lOst. 121b. (Mtr. Dairt) .. .. .. .. .. .. . ..2 Betting-3 to I on Mi<s HTarkaway, who made all the running and won by ten lengths. LATEST BETTTNG ON TFTE COU7RSE. GREAT YORKSHaIT. HANDICcAr. 4 to 1 a"st Tasmania (taken). Sr. Lsxr;mn 65 to 4V agst Blink B-mny (taken). 9 - 4 -I tinran.us (offred) 25 - 1 - Commotion (taken). CESAREWITCH. 30 to 1 a Melisa (taken). Several bets of 1,00W to *AS) were laid against naming tbe winzner of this rao and the Cainbridgeshure, a different horsm being seleted for each event. DErItY. 5 to 1 agst Scott's lot (taken). 5 - - Mr. Howard's lot (taken). 1,000 - 60 I .ngrange (taken). 1,000 - 20- Bravssimo (taken). A cold and showery day rendered the proeedings still rnore tedious and uninteresting than even the paucity of sport could make them. The ovurse ws, neve.okeleMs, well Attended.
CAFFAR TROOP& TO TEHE EDITiR OF THE Tl?MS. Sir,-flaving served with tbe Cafres of one of the Ceylon regiments-tbe 3d. I think - duing the rebellion in the, interior of Ce)1on in 18171$, 1 cau sr,eak cf their qualities as so,ldiers; and I do not kTnw any blaoa whboeequal "Jack Caffre" (as they were exlled and called tbenrtselves) for service in a tropical cli mate, and I have had the experiene of serving ten years in Ceylon and ten in 1:diBengal. The Caffre soldier as bealthy, docile, and br%ve nud I do not beheve, from wbut I have Eeeen of theor uncAr fir in the jungle, that ',t would be eaay to keep theua fromr the enemsy f they could ,e: at thern. One ot the Cafe regirments-tbe 3d or 4th, I forget which-was sent over fron Ceylon to the coast on service, and at or before Tavxnoore maTched Up to the enemv's gans and handed the gunnera from one t & the other on their bayozets --cl powerful men are t~ ey, ' Jack n too, considetshinself a3 of the mRoe Cate sa his brother Eonean soldier, for 1 have heard them say when on the marcb together, "1 figbt, I eat beef. I drink gre. £t yt s ; Jack :aifresuan, you Jack Englishman, all S ch troops would, T think, be invaluable in IndIA; they yfed and disciplined, are trustorthy, and, as I mid biore, powerful and brave; a nd I trust, if you wil oon- £scend to allowr a corner for this statem ent in your mnable paper, i4 mLy help to get Jack Caifre emploeda Your obedient servant AN OLD OTIICEI. j * Ce3fon at tbat Unte bad the Iet Oey0ou PWmeI. MAl-Ih (Dow :, 2d 0C31on Ecgimtnt. b&adraa Sepo, ab u3d nd itb Ceyki j.fSLUMt6 Ctg e
CRYSTAL PALACE, Someth1ng tike 30,000 people wore attraotedl yesterday te, the Crysta Xalace by n entertainment of a* peculiar and interesting naturo. No doubt most of our readers who now and then give a thought to muslc have heard of the " Tonic Sol-fa Association," although probably the majority of them have not tho least idea of what it means. The "Tonic Sol-fa Association" profesues to teaoh isinging, or rather the elements of sirging, on a novel plan, and by means of a notation much silepler than that in Dse among muslcians. It rejects the staff, the notec, the signatures, the ctlffs, and the ordinary divisions into bars, substituting in :heir place the initial letters of the monosyllables do, re, ms fa, &c., employed in the lisan sByem of oafeqygiO, togetheri with ceTtain maTks to designate "a'ccidentala" (fatsh; rps, or naturals), and others to represent the duration ol' notes and their rhythmical disBribution into meaaures. T,e expedient is plain enongh, and may be mastered with a very little trouble. But that it can only admit of the mQ.st limited application is ell-evident; and this the promot.er.1 indirectly confs wher they declare that their systew is not intended to, supersede, but to lead the way to a readier aqwisition of the establishe1 motbod. It is, perhaps, as well for Air. Cur wen- who if not the absolute inventor is the most active and zealous prcmulkator of ther "Tonic Sol-fa" d octrine-tha* he does not aim at upsetting the recognized s stem of musical notation, which th-e experience of centuries has brought to a logico}clearne3s and perfection that may almost be pronounced ;nithematical, and to abandon which would be to reduce the,:basterpiecA of the mesical art to a dead letter,or a least an nitelligible hyrogl3 ph. Moreover, it may be safely affirmed latthe new method (not so very new, by the way, sInce it is oelyanother among many modifications of the Arabic numerals, which Jean JacqRes proposed in lieu of the existing musical notation) can never be made available for anythtng beuond the most primitive form of vocal music. Its simplicity is its chief recommendation; and regarded from this point of view--although any kind of interference, direct or indirect, with the eatablished notation should always be jealously scanned-tbe "Tonic Sol-fa" system, as a means of easily imparting a certain amount of elementary instruction in schools, may not only be tolerated but even recommended. The precise significaF- tion of its title is derived from its most salient, aDd indeed, (its object taken into consideration) most useful peculiarity.. As in the metbod of Rousseau, already alluded to, the notalion indicates not the absolute pitch of ounnds, but their relative position in the scale (or key) to which they belong; so that no matter in what tone it may be sung, a melody is always written in the same way. Not to enter further, however, into a dry discussion, we may state that the " Tonic Sol fa" has been taught in a large number of schools, and is spreading all over the united kingdouL Its iufluence in London and the vicinities may be understood from the fact that, yesterday, a performance was given at tbe Crystal Palace, in the Handel Festival orchestra, by between 2,000 and 3,000 cbildren, boys and girls, from various schools in which the system has been taught. As most of the pieces executed were in three, and several in fonr parts, between 200 and 300 male adults were engaged to fill up the harmonis. The effect was striking, in some degree recatling the meetings of the charity children at St. Paul's Cathedral; but writh respect to the precision with which the indications of the conductor's stick wan obeyed, it was far more remarkable. The onormous weight of trebles, boys and girls, made it appear to tbe distant auditor almost as if the whole perforrmance was in unison; and only on approaching nearer to the orchestra couldl the bass and intermediate parts be distinctly heard. The following was the programmae - Part 1.-MY God how endlesa is Thy lore -German Chorale. Bens Rlnging-Oid Bewtch Air. There', uot a tint_-Masn. Mountaia BOY'S n- Gen. Now shinrs the Sun ou high - SUcher. Mlerry Pdn2 tbe 0art- lrs.Atbu. ivreot fSoeanabhe- Handel Oh! ha £ wings to fly Geman. Patrictic Bor,g M4awo. The blowers-GermAn. Thoe tormy Wntd-Oall-entt Hall! pmillng Mcr-H,fforth_ Part 2.-The Silent Vesper Hor.-Porday. dCbOol in WinterMron. The Swias Tr Girl- G J' Barnott The Qual 041l-Gembach. The Migbt With the Righbt-Cafloott A Long rall and a Strong Pull-B ad' ury. Comnmit thT war. 0 Weeper.-Bch. The Way Shont-M 'son. Hark I the Lark-coooke. National Authee. The above were sung withont tho aid of any instrumental accompaniments, the key-note of each piece being indicated by the conductors (Mr. Sari], of the Royal British Institution, and Mr. W. S. Young, of the British Scbool, Spitalfields), vre presume with the aid of a pitch-pipe, and responded to by the singers before commencing. In one or two of the songs which were encored it conld be detected at the moment of recommenoing that the voices had fallen in pitch, but in the majority of instances scarcely a shade of difference was ober-rvoa by the nicest ear. Of the character of the music generally we cannot speak in terms of praiies t-ree 'orapositions ont of four beinglittle better than trash. Some of the valgarest tunes in the modcrn Yankee repertory were introduced, which have not even the stamp of national character to excuse them. The singing of the children generally was of a nature to recommend the system upon which they had booen tLaught, and the zeal and industry of their instructors. The gradations, it is true, were confined to soft and loud, without any intermediate tints ; but these were expressed firmly, and withnut the slightest hesitation, by the multitude of voices, whose occasional shrllness in points of more than usual energy was werely a sign of the extreme youth of the executants, and gave rise to anything rather than a feeling of dissatisfaction. The best pieoes and the beet executed were Dr. Callcott's "Stormy winds" (to the air of "Ye gentlemenof England") and Spofforth's gonial glee HIiail smiling morn," The concert terminated vwith the tune of the national anthem set to the following words (by W. E. Hickaon) "God bilea our natire land. "-tay Ueaenr' vwrotectiug hand Stul guard ouir geh,re May Pesae h-7 row~e extend, Foe tWe trauform'd to triemd, "And Bri!.In'a ribts depend " On war no more I Throutgh crerr changine scen,e "OLood I re.er-e the Quecer "Loung may 'he relgn ! 'Hcr heart msipbe and .0re With wisdom from a&har, A,d in a nation's Iore " Hrer throe mantin. I-rl Jnt and rignteu,, law U-,bold the publle cause, And bhse, sonr io I -Home of the brave end frto, The land of liberry "We pay that tilU On thso . ind Heaves m smilo. "And not this land alne, "But bW thy a ercies nown " From shore t shorr I Lord, make Un nations s-oe "Tat men Phe. ld brothen bo. *And Corn. one family. " The wide wtord i.er.' There were several encores, and the vhole performanoe, afforded the utmost delight to the dense maam of people that crowded the great central transept, the galReries above on either side and the parts contiguous, to Erellucation. Tho sight was of tbo most impresing doscription; and when, at the end of the concert, the children saluted the audienoo with uproarsous cbeers that made the whule building reverberate, accompanied by waving 'if hats, and the .30,000 adults ahove and below responded with the beartiest goodwill to this friendly recognition on the part of their infautine entertamners, t scene wr s presented sach as has rarely been witnessed even wi-hin the wvalls of an edifice where marvels are alnost d ofergj.day OccWrrence.
Tet Al-RDHR ", TSS rN t'eFN' 5 PIst(rx.-There appears to be no doubt that the Italian, Antouio de Snhvi. against whor.a the coronor's jury have returned a verdict of wilfuI murdc r, will have to take his tr3al for that oFaence at the ensuing session of tho Central Criminal Court, ootwithstAnding the fact that he is at present under * sentence of fifteen years pensl servitude upon a conviction i,r wounding the deceased gentleman with inteet to do grievonu bodily baim, arising )ut of thb snme circuastances. Tha tran::otion appeaor t ) be oue of an altogetliur unusual kiud. Tho attack made by tho pnisoner upoo the unfortunzrte deceased whs of the most dendy nd premeditated chatacter, and the iolicitor to tbe Treasury, upont a suggestion =ade by Mr. Conmbe, the magistrate betore whom the affr.Ir wainqttired into, received instructions to proeuto on.helalf of tho Crown, and when the last seOs0on of the Oentral.Criminal Court ame on he had no aIturnatire, as the dvcewed w still alive but to prefer an indictment &;xlns~ Dv Salvi inl the usual form, for feloniousy woundinr, the fitat oount charging tho intent to murder, and' the Peond to do grievous bodily ha . It mas ertarDn at this. time that the injuries the deo.sed bd reoeived must prove fatal, and the genural undermtanding, both on the part of the rpasecutiom and the counsel for the defence, was that the uwdictmnent rgainst the prisoner should stand over to the follown i sc ion, a in the event of the death taking yNce a verdict tf wilful, murder must inevitably 1* returnsd by the cor..ner's jury, and any uiAeeediagr that might hb taken under the indict. ment for feloniously wounding5 would bo rezdered altoRbther nugatory. .Mr. Baron Lxrtin, the presiding judre. however, reeisted the postp-n-eent of the tril, and Salvi was consequently tried upon the lsdictment that bad been foend by the grand jury, and beinu convicted upon the, rninor ceunt of wotuding wit) intent to do grievous bodily harm be was thereupon &cwtenced to be kept in pena servitude for 15 years. On the Follasing dr the utnortunate mzn Robertson died of tho ijuries he bad received, and the ooroner'e jury had no other coarse left open to them upon the facts of the case ihan to return a verdict or wilful murder againtt the prnseoner, and in due course Mr. Payne, the coroner, loriged iun warramt at the gaol of New. gate for the detentio of tthe prisoner upon that charge. A similar Alste of thhrga 'aMs vory rry oocurrud, but it. bas never been tho prAMotioe in aay snch ocase to allow 3. chorge o wilfDI m-rer to merge into one of felony merely, and the risoner wiU eonsequently, no doubt, bave to underpo theo pbf ul ordeal of a vecond trial, in the result of which h' ida wi be at take. The prisoner a ppears t be a moat mod xud lnoffeniive young man; indeed te ast person wbh would bo tbonght capable of oommitt6 such a dreadful eet, and alnmot from the moment of eommitting the deed ke has Never faled to expreas the deepest sorrow and regret for what he had done. It appears that be bas no relations in England, but during the last few days beh Ias reveiwud a communication from a brother in Paris, and tbe Dnoesary, preplatirons are being made defead blu uxpon te chage of murder,
AMBBRICA. LIVX.ERPOOL, WEDNcESnAY. The Liverpool, Now York, and P hiladelphiaSteamahlp Company's sorew steamship City of Balti more, Leitch, cornmander, has arrived with adviees from New York to the 20th ult., being one day later than those received per Persia. She has brought $60,000 specie on freight and 257 passengers. The Rovai vlvail steamship Arabia, hence, had arrived at New York. On the 21st ult. the City of Baltimore passed a large steamer, supposed the screw steamship Jason, also the screw-steamship Edinburgh, from Glasgow for New York. According to the Washington correspondent of the Nem York- Times, the American merchants in Chlna were prepared to present claims upon the British Government for losses caused by the bombardment of Canton, but adds, " The Government is precluded fromc pressing any demand upon England by the decision in the Greytowvn case." The Washington correspondent of the New York erold asserts, on authority, that the Nicaraguan MIinister had received advices that Nicaragua did not approve the contract of Costa Rica with Webster for the transit route, and altogether ignored it. The iYew York Mirror states that the chief engineer of the United States Navy has been dismissed the service. A correspondent of the New York Tribwune, who went with an expedition to Sebastopol with the design of obtaining a contract for raising the vessels sunk in the harbour, narrates his experience. The party entered Russia at Odessa by an Austrian steamer. As soon as the anchor was down the quarantine offiwer was alongside, who, on aseortannng the healthy condition of the ship, gave permission to the passengers to go on shore. They were all hurried into the boat without luggage, and carried to the Custom-house landing-thence into the long examining-room under charge of two soldiers. After waiting nearly an hour, a door opened and an officer called the first person upon the passenger list, who was directed to go into an adjoining room for examination. The correspondent's turn cane next, and on entering he found two oficers seated at desks rwriting down the answers to the following Interrogatorles by a tall, sallow-looking fellow, who spoke a little English :-" Your passport? What is your age? Have you any relatives in Odessa? What is your profession ? How long do you intend to remain in Rusia ?" All these being,tisfactorily answered, and the signatures being placed in a big book, the party were taken into another room and waited another hour. Here, according to appearance, was where goods were examined that were suspected of contagion. The walls were hung round with prongs, tongs, and probes, giving the apartment the appearance of an inquisitorial dungeon. At length the officer came with four soldiers and a young man for an assistant. Commencing with No. 1, he ordered his trunks to be opened and every article turned upside down. Everything having a piece of printed paper for a wrapper was laid by, the paper torn off, and thrown spitefully away. Books of every description were indiscrimnuately seized and submitted to the censor, who after a few days decided whether they could be admitted into Russia. From Odessa the correspondent went on a Tatar conveyance to Nicholaieff. "Whoever, " he says, "has ridden on a Russian cart knows what it is without any further desecription." On his arrival at Nicholaieff he called on Admiral Boutakoff with his papers. The account of the interview is as follows:- " He received me witlh muoh kindness, and was mush pleased to hear that our preparations for raising the ships would soon be made at Sebaitopol. He informed me that he had received a despatch from St. Petersburg informing him that a Colonel Lano had made application for permission to operate with a company at Sebastopol; the same despatch stated to Admiral Boutakoff that Mr. John E. Gowen had the sole oontract, and that any other person who entertained an idea of obtaining permission to raise any of the sanken property laboured ander a delusion, as no vessel or machines belonging to such persons would be permitted to enter the harbour." The Admiral invited the correspondent to accompany him on a tour of inspection through the Navyyard and Arsenal. " There are," says the writer,- "' Two fine propeller line-of-battle ships, of 120 guns each, on the stocks, to be launched in September. There are also two corvettes of beautiful model. The Nicholaieff Dockyard is very extensive, and admirably arranged in every department, and, I think, as fine a naval dep6t as any in Europe." To Sebastcpol the corresprzidunt, ftarnished with letters of introduction to Aclmiral Mes;cr and Governor Vocaliek, went in a steamer. He was welu received and a ten-oared boat placed at his service. Sebastopol he found "truly a heap of ruins, resembling Herculaneum and Pompeii more than a modern city. The destruction of five stone drydocks by the allies was, in my opinion, a piece of wanton V'andalism." On the 8th of June Messrs. Gowen and Copeland, with their families, arrived. The former, in passing through Paris, had an interview by command with the G(rand Duke Constantine at the Tuileries. The Grand Duke expressed to Mr. Gowen a wish that he would use all possible despatch in clearing the harbour of Sebastopol, assuring him of e ery assistance which the authorities could render him, remarking, at the same time, that he had been informed that applications from other companies for pernission to wvork in Sebastopol had been made at St. Petersburg, hut on no consideration could perminion he granted to another. Immediately after the arrival of Mr. Gowen and party the operations for raising the vessels commenced. The correspondent describes them thus: "We began preparing two gunboats and two transport brigs, the latter about 280 tons each, with the necessary means for lifting. Before wo had comiipleted these vessels the bark Susan Jane arrived with our steam-engines, chains, &c., material for two floating docks, with many other articles, which caino just in time, together with our carpenters and caullters, and, after much perplexity and unnecessary delay, caused by the annoying Custom-house officers, we commenced discharging our machinery. As it came out it attracted much attention, for it certainly is superior to any I have ever before seen. Our diving apparatir,, with the air pumps, is also of superior workmanship. WVe went out yesterday, July 1, to try our divers, armour, &c. The diver immediately made fast to a very large chain. WVe had up about 40 fathoms, but night came on before we could raise the anchor. To-morrow, however, up it comes. We find it necessory to weigh the ancbors of aU the large ships before ve can get the chains under the bottoms. I do not expect the ships wiU be of much value without coDsiderable repair, as the worms are terrible in this region, but the value of the materials will b iinienue. We are now preparing for the celebration of the 4th of July on an economical plan-probably the first atSebastopoL We have invited the principal officials to join ua in a collation." At New York the pressure for money was so slight as to excite no trouble even among the weaker houses. The depreciation of railroad securities had crippled numerous holders, and also parties who hold under hypothecation. Respecting Calfornia stock, the New York Coutrier and Enlquirer says- "The steamer for California to-morrow will carry no flattering accounts of Californian State credit in this quarter. That State has much to effect in order to redeem her public credit here. Her seven per cent. bonds are dull at 56 to 60, and confidence in her integrity is lessening every month. It is obvious under such circumstances that Eastern capitalists ilwithdraw their funds from that quarter, and re-establish themselves where individual as wel as State credit is more carefully protectcd." There had been a further decline in Now York Central of i; Erie, -1 ; Reading, ; Michigan Central, 1,; La Crosse, i; Milwaukie and MissisMPEpi vj. votton was rather easier, although quotations were nominally unchanged. We quote middling Upland, l5c. ; ditto Orleans, lc. Prices were barely maintained for State flour by some demand for the West Indies; in other descriptions a further decline of 5c. to 15c. per barrel must be noted, closing with a tendency still downward. Wheat was lower and unsettled. Freights were unchanged.
IRV!gOO,L, S3pt. 2.-The United States mail steaxmer Baltic sailed to-day for New York with 144 passm gos and the umual mails. On Saturday the Royal mail steamship Persia sails for the same destination. ThE ARMY A-ND COmxmsABiAT.-It appears from an aOooou,t published yesterday, by order of the House of Cmmons, that the aggregate amount of the ordinary grants for army, mihti, and oommissariat ervices In the year ended 31st of MArch, 1856, wa 18,789,5321., and the appro. priate in aid-namely, the oontribution from the revenues of the Australian colonies in aid of military expenditure), 37,94, mang togeth.r the sm of 18,827,48W., and that the tota exrpenditunr was 2D,3M50,80 In the report of the Autdit-*ffioe Commlsslonan the atteqtion of the Treasury Is cjed to several dfe^ct in the praetioe of the War Department inreparing thescounts, which Impair the eflidency of the ar1l chek o theaccontsof the army expen. ture and impede the duties of their eamins. The Lords t h e Trea utyha e ord ered t ha t a cop o f th e r p o r o f for W ar and thathe m reque ted to f u n h s uch expbna-
ITALY. (P}tMO OUR OWN CORRMP0OKDRWT.) TURIN, AuG. 30. Tia Majesty King Victor Emmanuel, attended by Count Cavour, Minister for Foreign Affairs, and the officers of the Royal Household,leaves Turin for Savoy this evening. The Duke de Grammont the French Minister here, left this yesterday, I believe, to meet his Imperial Highness Prince Napoleon at the French frontier, and attend him during his journey through the Sardinian States. His Imperial Highness wil arrive at Modane to-morrow morning, probably about the same time as King Victor Emmanuel, and shortly after His Majesty will proceed to inaugurate the works for the great tunnel by firing the first mine, which will be accompanied by religious and festive ceremonies. The difference between the Governments of Sardinia and Naples, which had latterly assumed a very angry appearance, has most happily and unexpectedly been arranged by the withdrawal, on the part of Signor Caraffa, of the offensive note complained of by this Government. An erroneous account of the ground of quarrel in this instance has obtained publicity in various foreign papers, to the effect that this Government had demanded that both the Cagliari and the persons taken on board of her should be immediately given up by the Neapolitan Government, and that King Victor Emmanuel was determined to make a refusal a cass bdli. This statement is so far from the truth that even those English Mtinisters who don't think the dignity of this little country a matter much worth disputing about, generaUy speaking, wil be ready to acknowledge thlat the Sardinian Government had all justice on its side on this occasion most likely. The fact is, as far as I have been able to learn with correctness, that the Sardinian Government, finding from the reports of its Charge d'Affaires at Naples that the crew and passengers of the Cagliari were thrown into the prison of the Vicaria-a place of which the filth and abominations are sufficiently well known to the European public, -and prohibited from receiving visits or correspondence from their friends, or even their own clothes from on board the steamer-so that during the hottest months of the year they were actually denied a change of linen, amid all the other horrors of that Neapolitan Lazarhouse-remonstrated, and pointed out to the Neapolitan Government that the laws of humanity were outraged by such proceedings, and that on behalf of its own subjects so treated it felt it its duty to require that they should receive the consideration due to human beings; and Signor Caraffa, Direttore of Foreign Affairs, replied on the part of King Ferdinand that the Neapolitan Government had no need of a lesson on humanity from that of Sardinia, as the Neapolitan was renowned as the most humane in Italy, and that the Sardinian Government would do better to eaert itself in preventing revolutionary expeditions issuing from its ports than in tendering useless advice, or words to that effect. But it is not true that the Sardinian Government demanded the release of either prisoners or steamer without fuU inquiry and satisfactory proof being given to the Neapolitan Government that both owners and passengers and crew were unconnected with the conspirators who seized the vessel for piratical purposes. On receipt of this impertinent answer from Signor Caraffa, however, the Sardinian Government appears to have immediately instructed its Charge d'Affaires, Count GropeUo, to demand its withdrawal or his own passports, and after some little delay on the part of King Ferdinand or his Ministers, the note was withdrawn, and so we are once again in smooth water, though the atmosphere round about is far from being serene. The owners of the Cagliari have petitioned the Neapolitan Government for the restoration of their property, which had been piraticaUy wrested from them on the high seas and which was subsequently captured by tie Neapolitan navy in Neapolitan waters, and the Sardinian representative at Naples has, no (oubt, been instructed to support the petition with his good offices, but the Sardinian Government never for a moment questioned the right of seizure in the first instance or the necessity for strict inqniry afterwards. The present roconciliation and armende made by the NeapolitanGovernment are generally attributed to the counsel of the Russian AMinister at Naples, and, acting under the same advice, it is more than probable that the Neapolitan Government-or, to sneak more correctly, King Ferdinand-wil be induced to listen to the claims of the proprietors of the Cagliari, and so remove further grounds for dispute on this JJV1:. MLr. Newall has arrived at Genoa on his way to Cag,iari for the purpose of laying down the submarine telegraph eable thence to the coast of Africa. He will take shipping to-day probably in His Sardinian Majesty's steamer Monzambano for Cagliari, where he expects to find the Elba with the cable on board. He will be aecompanied by Cavaliere Bonelli, Inspector of Telegraphs In the Sardinian States; M. Siemens, Director of Telegraphs for Prussia ; and Engineer Branville, sent by the French Government. The weight of the present cable is only a ton and a-half for 1,000 metres, wh4ch is considvrably less than that of those formerly used, and which will, it is expected, much facilitate its laying down in such depths as occur between Africa and Sardinia, the greatest being between 2,000 and 3,000 metres. In the course of next month, it is said, Mr. NewaU will also be prepared to connect Sardinia with Malta and Corfu by telegraph. A telegraphic despatch from Turin, dated the 31st ult., announces that the Kiing of Sardinia and Prince Napoleon attended on that day the first experiment for cutting through Mount Cenis. The experiment was attended with perfect success.
THE WEATHER. HIGHFIELD.HOUSE OBSERVATORY, NEAR NOTTINGHEA. londay.-Greatest heat in shade, 78 5°; adopted mean temperature, .58-4; mean pressure, 29-839 ; mean temnezature of evaporation, 5S-2°; range of temperature, 340U - amount of solar radiation, 16-5°; very fine. Tuesday morning.-Greatest cold in night, 57 2; amount of evaporation, 0045 inch; mininum, temperature on grass, 54 5° heavy shower at half-past 6 am., then fine. The greatest heat duringtheweek, 90 6°, occurredat Maidstone, and the greatest cold, 36-3°, at Belvoir Castle. The greatest heat occurred on the 23d, except Maidastone and Helston, 27th; Glocester, 24th and 25th; Durham, 25th; and Arbroith, 26th. The greatest cold occurred on the 2Sth, except at Stonyhrst, Leicester, Exeter, and Maidstone, 27th; Silloth and Arhroath, 29th; eleston, 26th. Ran fell on one day at nearly ali the stations; *it fell on two days at Heiston, and there was no rain at Clifton, Leicester, GIloeester, Manchester, and Grantham. E. J. LOWE. THE GENERAL HOSPITAL, SOUTH CANT, ALDERSHOTT. Monday.-Greatest heat in shade, 78S5'; mean pressure, 29 80; amount of solar radiation, 25.0° ; mean pressure, reduced to sea level, 30-07 - noon fine- afternoon, constant tbunder in E. and .1t., w;ith a slight shower; no lightning Observed. Tuesday morning.- Greatest cold In night, 57.0°; amount of evaporation, 0150 inch; minimum temperature on grass, 56.00. Morning showery until 8 a.m. .T. ARtNOLD, M.S. Corps. LONDON TEMPERATURF. STATZ OF THE TIUMoXrmsR AnD BARO=TYr AT TH1 ROYAL HUarANs SO'CIETY'S RxomvNionosE HVDr PALX. AuousT 31. Thermometer. Barometer. Wind Weather. Morning. Noon. Night. 9 a.m. during the Cloudy. 9an. Min7m'-, day. With ran. 70' 7T 9' l901O'l E. SzFEMBER 1. Thermometer. Barometer, Wind Weather. Morning. Nosu. Night. 9 am. during the Oloudy 9 am. minimum. day. Wivtl rain. 690 73- 590 3005 W EL WILL8KS, Ou&erinteneunt. BTATU or 211 TEmoI1rzT 1r THz Tum Tua-s AwD OUTSIDE IN rHE YARD, EOTH1=TH3, SrMrairssu L j Dar, Noon. Night, Minimum. TumeL YarL TulmeL Yard. K' 70° 63iT 5e Tn. W. MASON, Saperintendent.
NARROW ESCAME nToM DRO'wim.-On Monday last Mr. J. C. Parkinson of the Accountaut-Generals office, Somermet-house, while bathing with some frienda In the river Mole, at Brockham, in SurreJ, had a narrow escape of being drowned. The river being very deep at that , be, not being able to swim, went in with a rope roun hi cheat. This rope by some miahap gve way and he immuediately sank. When at the luat Ias Mr. Charles Rowartb, of the Royal Banks Mlitia (Kinl Own) who was one of the party, with great gallantry plunged in and mcued him with some 4lfficulty, for In Mr. P arkmnsos exhausted state there was great danpgr ef both falling victims to the death-grasp of the drowning man. Mr. Rowarth behave4wit& grest oolneessand judgment thron h. out, and it ix enifely tbzorigh Is heroim tha Mr. Partmem's life was mAved. Ei.naw S8ooL.-An extf week has been added to the preent e1ydays, at tWe requaet of Lord Palmerston, in honour of the aew chapel, which is rapidly *pproachin it oomnpeticn. The chool reopeps on WedneWay, the l6thiat
THE PENINSULAR MAILS. The Peninsular and Qriental Company's steamship Sultan, Captain Weil Cook, arrived at Southampton early yosterday norning, with the malls of the following dates, in charge of Lieutenant Boulton, B.N., Admiralty agent:-Gibraltar, August 26; Cadiz, 27; Lisbon, 29; Oporto and Vigo, 30 On the outward 7oyage the Sultan experienced light southerly breezes and thick foggy weather; homeward ]lIght westerly breezes and fine clear weather. On the morning of the 17th ult., at 5 30 a.m., the screw line-of-battle ship Royal Albert, 131 guns, bearing the flag of Admiral Lord Lyons, steamed into Gibraltar Bay, fol. lowed shortly afterwards by the Pincess Royal, Centurion. Curlew, and Vigilant. At 8 o'clock the garrison saluted the Acdmiral, which was duly returned by the flagship; and at a subsequent period of the morning the Admiral landed at Ragged Staff, under a salute of 17 guns from the fortress and proceeded to the Convent, ou a visit to his Excelency the Governor. Don Severino Barberia, Spanish Consul and Signor Stefano Scovasso, Sardinlan Consul, visited thlX Admiral on board the Royal Albert on the afternoon of the 24th, and were saluted on leaving the vessel with seven guns each. On the 26th, when the Sultan left, the above named ships, with the addition of the Vulture and Ariel, were lying in the Bay. The fleet were to proceed in a day or two to Algiers and Malta. The steam transport Lebanon, with detachments of the lst, 31st, and 92dLRegimenut, for the garrison, put into the bay during the night of the 23d, and after landing them pro. ceeded to Corfa on the afternoon of the 24th, to embark th remainder of the 68th Foot for conv,yanee to Portsmouth. The Colombo steamer, with the ostward India and China mails of the 20th, arrived at Gibraltar on the 25th in five days and four hours from Southampton, and resumed her voyage to Malta and Alexdria the same day. Gibraltar exchanges on the 22d were quoted as follows:London, 90 days' date, 51k; Paris ditto, 5f. 38c.; MarseiUes ditto, 5f. 39c. ; Genoa ditto, 5f. 40c. ; Madrid, 8 days' sight, 1, dis.; Cadiz ditto, i dis.; Malaga, 8 days' sight, par; SeviUe, i dis.; Alicante, J dis.; Valencia, dis.; Barcelona, J dis.; Spanish Pillared Dollars, 3 per cent. pre. mium, none; Carolus, 24 per cent., none-no demand. The usual Spanish squadron was at Cadiz. At 120 p.m. on the 30th the Sultan passed and exchanged signals with the Peninsular7and Oriental Company's steamer Tagus, from Southampton, 30 miles gouth of Cape Finisterre; all wel. The British steam frigate Devastation and floating battery Terror, which had put Into Lisbon for the purpose of repairing a trifling damage to the Terror's engine, were to leave On the 29th for Bermuda. Two Datch frigates were also lying in the Tagus when the Sultan left. The screw steamship Count Cavour, from the Brazils, arrived at Lisbon on the 281h; and the screw steamer Petropolis, from Southampton for the Brazils, on the 29th, all welL The Lisbon exchanges by this packet are quoted a foUows, for three months-London 54&, with some trifle3 done at 53id., takers not being disposed te go below 54d.; Hamburg was done at 54d., and other places nominal, say, Paris, 628; Amsterdam, 42i; and Genoa, 526 Stocks had experienced a slight improvement, Three per Cents being at 47i to .3 registered; Coupons, 46i to 47; and Deferred, 283 to 29; Bank of Portugal shares, 8.; to 9 per cent. premium; and Oporto Bank shares, 20 to 22 per cent. premium. Sir Morton Peto hbs returned from Portugal by this packet, after having concluded and signed with the Govern. mnent the definitive contract for the railway between Lisbon and Oporto. Sir Morton has six months to get up the company, but it is said he had made such arrangement, before he left England as will enable him to commence th works without delay. The terms of the provisional contract approved by the Portuguese Cortes have long been before the public, and although they could not be altered in any essential point in the definitive contract, the principal difficulty at the Douro has been compromised. The Portuguese Government held Sir Morton bound to cross the Douro and erect a station at Oporto, while he contemplated having his station on the eouth side of the river, opposite the bridge which connect, the centre of the city with Vila Nova. The arrangemenis that Sir Morton Peto is to bear half the expense of cross ing the river whenever a railway is continued from Oporto to the north, and the contractors for the line pay the other half expense of a junction on the river Douro. It is reported that the delay in concluding Sir Morton Peto's definitive contract originated in the opposition of a Spanish party, represented by Count de Reus. They offerei to contract for the railway continuation north of Oporto and a junction with a projected line from Vigo to Madrid, and also to take that between Lisbon and Oporto at a lower subvention if Sir Morton could be set aside. The Portuguese Government, however, seems to have been rather suspicious of the Spanish prGjectors, and itwas reported that the concession from Oporto northward would not even ba given to them upon the gr n..A t,1 it. q -not. IA -n .rtu ry with any new railway subventions until the Lisbon,and Oporto line is carried out. The young King of Portugal had taken an active part in promoting the railway contract, and Sir Morton Peto had the honour of a conference with Hig Majesty the night before the packet left.
THE RED SEA TELEGRAPH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reference to your City A rticle in the issue of thYs day, on the subject of the Red Sea Telegraph, I beg to sub. mit to you the foUowing brief observations:- This is no time for rivalry. Circumstances are too serious for such trifling. Though the scheme of the Red Sea telegraph was submitted to the public more than a twelvemonth before the Euphrates VaUey line, which has received t .e patronage of the Treasury, yet, when the intelligence from Indla became more appaling by each succeeding mail, and the crisis more imminent, we proposed for the nonsideration of Government the construction of an alternate line. In our late letter to the Chairman of the East India Company we said :-" Without reference to any arrangement; which have been already made on the subject of telegraphic communication with India by Her Majesty's Government, and the Hon. the Court of Directors, and repudiating any 1itentlon of interfering with them, or of asking Government to undo anything that has been done, or of diverting its support from the scheme to which it has been granted, we feel confident that the present emergency justifies us in asking the Hon. Court to consider the proprlety of encouraging an alternate line, which is capable of being immediately carried out." We have thus anticipated the very judicious remarks which you have made this day :-" A better course to mset the difficulty seems, however, to present itself. If both lines are practicable both should be completed, and eaeh should be encouraged to compete with the other to see how soon the first link can be realized." The two lines are, therefore, not antagonistic, but subsidiary to the all. important object of establishing telegraphic communication with India at the earliest Practicable period. For our own part, we have done all in our power to obviate the dang r to which you allude when you say,-" Between conflicting schemes there seems a probability that the Indali telegraph, which ought to be completed in six months, will either fail altogether or be delayed until the greatest need for it s pawsed." The salient point on which the objection to the Red Sea line has been based is the existence of coral reefs. Sir Francis Beaufort, late hydrographer to the Admiralty, an i Mr. Bright, the engineer of the Atlantic Telegraph, have effectually disposed of that objection. The coral reefs, moreover, have been surveyed, and their position ascertained and most accurately laid down by the late Captain Moresby in his admsirable chart of the Red Sea, and it is intended that our submarine cable shall be placed beyond the reefs. As to Mr. Andrews' remark about " the exceeding iroe. gularity of the bottom, in consequence of which the l:ne would in many placss be unavoidably aspended across submarine chasms and on sharp rocky edges, on -which it woE d speedily chafe through by the force of its own weight," tbo statement rests on no experience and no survey, and is therefore as gratuitous as Mr. Andrewe' other assertion, that Pharoah's chariot whels wero made of gold. I wiU not intrude further on your patience than to sta e that the only object of the Bed Sea Telegraph Company is ' o asmist in supplying the great want of the day-communica. tion with India at the present awful emergency at the earliest practicable period. Weshouldrejoioe tofindthata vigorous effort was made to lay down both lnes concurrently. The national interests would, we think, justify the encouragement of a double line. As to the support we may expect from Government, there canbe no doubt that it wi I be given not as a concession to importunato suitors, but in the spirit of a just appreciation of the paramount importance of this undertaking at the preenmt time, and to such an extent and on such terms as shall secure the confidence of the public. I am, Sir, your obedient sevant, JOHN MARSHMAR. Chw-rm- Bed Sea Telegraph-office, 8, Moorgate-sbrge,, Sept. 2. CThPLAXC Y OF TIE JOUSE OF COMMONS.- We understand that the appointment of Chaplain to ibe Rouge of CommonE wi}l be given to the Ber. Henry Drury, of Bremhill, WUle, a distnguished seholar, and of opnim.e 0 po +d to extreme -iews on tie qesetios in d bspht in tbq The statement which hz appare, that the Rer. Thomax Garnter han redggned the eshplaIno, milghi lbd to mapprcheuAle. By an arrangement of Ue Speaer the. Rev. Tkomna Garier eontinued to beld the ofioe Yll the nd of the ssi jut eonlhded, at whick time the Speuir QK9,AM Ids p4Aiye of NAkiug a uaw ppoit.iut,
AUSTRALIA. - ----- o We have been favoured with the following copy of a letter from the Bishop of Melbourne, addressed to his brother:- t Bishopecort, Melbourne, May 27. "My dear Richard,-I wrote a note to you a few days ago by the Great Brit-in, not expecting that there would be any overland mail this month; but it has been since announced that tho Simla will leave to-morrow morning for Suez, and I am anxious to send. oua letter by her. " My great difficulty is to know how to begin and what particular subjects to write about. " Immediately after my return to Melbourne from my last visitation tour the sittings of our Church Assembly recommenced, and the business connected with them has since ocoupied the principal part of my time. I think I expressed in my note above referred to my general satisfac. tion with the proceedings. We had no Dr. Brough's case to distract our attention, but were able to apply ourselves steadily to the work which was to be done. Leislation, however, is, as I think I have said before, no easy task, and Its difficulties open out more and more clearly as you proceed with it. We spent a great deal of time upon a Bill for the constitution of parishes and the appointment of ministers; but when we thought we had put it into shape, and might get through with it in another day or two, we found so many important points to be involved, and so many questions likely to arise upon it, that we determined to refer it to a select committee for consideration, and to adjourn the Assembly until September, in order that it might pan through another careful examination in a committee of the whole HouseBesides this, we had to deal with the subject of a commis sdon for the trial of ecclesiastical offences, and the all-important one of finance, in which it is very difficult to see our way. " What we have already done has been only-1, to constitute a council of the ' diocess,' the members of which are to be chosen by the bishop, and which he is to advise with in aU the temporal affairs of the church-a statement of their proceedings to be laid every year before the I Assembly; and, 2, to regulate the periods of duration, and other particulars of future assemblies. "Our Melbourne grammar school is now so far finishea that if we had a master we could commence immediately, but there has been a. misunderstanding between us and our friends in England about the appointment, and the gentleman who has been selected by them-Dr. Bromley, of HElU -cannot now arrive for several months. We are just about to commence the erection of school buildings at Geelong, where there is already a large, well-conducted school, under the Rev. Mr. Vance, a clergyman whom I ordained. He is an Oxford man, and so far as I can Judge very well qualified for his office. " The question of popular education is one of very great difficulty. Our Assembly appointed a committee to consider the subject; and their report, which was a very able one, drawn up by one of the professors of our University, Professor Hearne, was subsequently adopted by a large majo-ity, but not without vehement opposition from the minority. There are in it one or two expressions which I regret, but I think that Its suggestions are on the whole justifiable on principle and adapted to the circumshnces oE the country. "The clergy are all working harmoniously, and I hops, in general, diligently and with efficiency; but I find it very difficult to address to them such cautious and admonltions as individuals will from time to time require in such a rmanner as not to offend their pride, or wound what I regard as their too sensitive feelings. We, who onght to be patterns of humility, are apt to be peculiarly touchy when. ever any reflection is made upon our conduct, or when we think due respect is not paid to our persons and office. I hope that our conduct with the laity in Assembly will d9 us good in this particular. "There has been very little church extension during the last six months. Last year we had a great acce. sion of clergymen, and this year we have enough t do in providing a maintenance for them alL In ths meanwhile our population continnes to increase, and if we do not advance we shall retrograde. My hope is that, by the blessing of God upon the deliberations and acts of our Assembly, we shall be able to reacb more effectually than heretofore the mass of the people, and, through the power of the Holy Spirit ac companying the means of grace, there wiUl be a increasing number of godly men found willing to exert themselves for supplying their spiritual wants. At present my hands are tied from the want of fun Is for any except local objects; but these, wherever there is an earnest and able clergyman, are in general liberally supported. When you see in the Ch7urch of Znglaad Recow-d fior Victoria a statement of the incomes of the clergy for the last year you wil think that they had no cause to complain, nor have they, except in a few instances; but you must remember the difference in the value of money. bourmng coYon'es of New South Wales and Tasmania have been very interesting to those who love to study the working of new constitutions, or are, like ourselves, living undor one. There have been changes and rechanges (if I may coin ths word) of the Ministry in each of the three, and now, I believe, something like a respectable Government is established in all of ther, as weU as in South Australia. Our principal Minister is Mr. Haines, son of a surgeon (I believe) at Hampstead, formerly of Caims College, Cambridge. He is an able man, and in all respects, except that be has no great power as a speaker, weU qualified for his office. Mr. Fellowes is Solicitor-General. He is considered one of our best lawyers, and can speak uncommonly weU when he thinks It worth his while to take pains. There isagreat fund of humour and much power of sarcasm in him. Of ouLr two 'Houses of Parliament,' the Council, or Upper Honse, contains not only less talent but fewer gentlemen than the Assembly, or Lower House. In this latter are many members of good education, enlightened minds, high principles, and considerable oratorical ability. " Our University progresses slowly, but promises to ba a very valuable institution. Of its professors, one professor, M'Coy, who occupies the chair of geology, &c., is working very hard and doing good service to the colony by putting the museum on a proper basis, and collecting and arranginz Fpecimens. Another, Professor Hearne, the Professor of History and Modern Literature (I do not remember the exact name), has taken an active part in our church assem Ily and been one of,its most valuable members. As abody, I think that they are exercising a good influence, which ii likely to increase as the opportunities for social intercourse are improved. " The progress which has been made during the last 12 months in all the comforts of lifebhas quite answered my previous expectations. Large and substantial dweUinghouses have been built, and good shops of every kind have been multiplied. Close and open carriages, with handsome and well-groomed horses, both private and for hire, are no v numerons; stage-coaches (American built), with four or six (!) horses, ran to aU our goldfields; and innumerable omnibuses and smallervehicles ply betweenthe different parts of Melbourne and its suburbs. A railway is opened to St. Kilda, and that from Geelong to Melbourne is finished as far as Williamstown, and wil be in use within a week or two. There is also a continually increasing number of inteUigent members of the legal and other professions. At the same time there is a vast amount of vice and proffigacyboth in Melbourne and in the country, and I fear that the influx (f Chinese has added another element of moral corrupticn to those which previously existed among us. We have various charitable institutions, such as hospitals, benevolent asylums, and orphan asylums,which are supported partly by voluntary contrihations and partly by grants from the publi. revenue. We are just now endeavouring to establish a refuge for faUen women, who wiU be maintained without any assistance from the Government. Some ladies also are endeavouring to found a 'home' for female servants and others The public library is an institution for the establishment and success of which Melbourne is chiefly indebted to one of our oldest colonists, Mr. Justice Barry, who has watched over it from the beginning, and will continue to do so with an unceasing assiduity. There isa good coUection of useful books The portion of the buflding which is already erected is weU fitted for its object, and every evening it is fUfied with a large number of quiet readers. All persons are admissible, but cleanliness is strictly enforced. Altogether tUe Lbrary is one of the most pleasing features of Melbourne. " Theatres and places of amusement have of late greatly increased. They are now upon a very la-rge scale, and very numerously attended. I fear that they tend to increase greatly the vices of drunkenness and prostitution, and so to demoralize the people. Cricketing prevails in the proper 9eason. I have obeerved with pleasure in the course of an afternoon's walk three or four games going on in different places. Horticulturo Is now carried on to a oonsiderable extent, nd Victoria promise, as I always anticipated, to vio with any of the neighbourlng colonies in flowers and fruits; the profusion of the former and the abundance and size of the latter, when carefully cultivated, are such as you Can sarcely couneive. " And now I think I have notieed every particular, and more than every parcular, oG which you would expect me to write, and, as you know lhat I am not a ready penman, ad have bedee b%t ltte time to bestow upon my friends in Zgland, I shall be glad if you wil let the ether members ef our famiy and some of my frleands see this letter, and ak them to oonsider it as addresd to them conjointly with you. "0 O. hLBOUBIIE,
&(ONRY- K -RKETandCITYINTBLLIGRNCR. Wednasday ETsning. This has been a very inactive day in all departments of businegs but the funds have been wel maintained at the improvement of yesterday. Consols for money opened at 90i to J, and soon touched 91. They subsequently ranged between 90i and 91, and the last quotations were 90j to i for money and 91k for the 14th of October. New Three per Cents. left off at 911 to i; India Stock, 210 to 213; India Bonds FOs to 16s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 5s. discount to par. In the Stock-Exchange to-day short loans were freely offered at 4 per cent. At the Bank tbere were very few applications for discount, but in the open market the demand was active. The foreign stock-market has been steady, and in some cases an improvement has taken lace. Turkish showed a further fractional advance. Peravian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. were negotiated for the account at 80 and 80k; Portuguese, for the account, 45; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., Small, 99i; Sardinian 891; Tnrkish Six per Cents., for the account, 95i, i, and i; the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, for the account, 100 Venezuela Four-and-a-Quarter per Cents., 32k and i; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 641 and i; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 99. The corn-market this morning vwas steady at the decline of Monday. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents on the Paris Boureo this evening were 66f. 85c. for money and 67f. for the present account, showing a fractio.nal improvemnent. About 32,000l. of A ustralian golid was sold to the Bank to-day. A return has been issued by the Board of Trade of the declared values of British and Irish produce and manufactures exported from the United Kingdom during the first half of the present year. From this document the following list has been compiled, showing the order in which the various communities of the world rank as our customers. Thirty per cent. of our aggregate shipments go to our own possessions, and 19 per cent. to the United States. Thus far this year the exportations have been at the rate of 121,652,7621. per annum:- Exports-Six Months ended June 30. L British pssemons:_ Est IncUe ..... ... ... ... £,6,'230,131 Austraa. . 5,562,573 British America .2,222,552 West Indies ... . 95,807 Cape and Natal. ... 99,597 Hongkong ... ... ... 288,617 Gibraltar ... ... ... 275,606 Mauritiu. ... ... ... 275,185 Channel Islands ... ... 273,378 Singapore ... .. .. ..271,726 Malta. . . 253,016 Ceylon. ... ... .. 231,470 Western Africa . 177,841 Ionian Islands ....-. ... 107,794 Honduas ... ... ... ... 70,527 Other possessions ... ... 49,958 -__ 18,155,778 2. United States ... ... ... ... 11,722,952 3. Germany- Hanse Towns ... ... £4,881,149 Hanover, &c. ... ... ... 689.690 Prussia ... ... ... ... 667,476 6.2.38,315 4. France ... ... ... ... ... 3,173,233 5. Holland ... ... ... ... 3,038,438 6. Brazil. ... ... ... ... 2,650,834 7. Turkey ... ... .... 1,750,530 8. Foreign West In ... ... 1,269,215 9. Russia ... ... ... ... ... ... 1,088,504 10. Spain ... ... ... ... 1,022,290 11. Belgium ... ... ... ... 908,061 12. Egypt ... ... ... ... . .. 892,8;7 13. Portugal ... ... ... ... 782,735 14. Chili. ... ... ... 723448 15. China 594,487 16. Sardinia .572,015 17. Buenos Ayres. ... ... ... 554,551 18. Naples ... ... ... ... ... 519,574 19. Austria ... .. ... ... 475,957 20. Western Africa, Foreig . ... 443,132 21. Fern. .... .. .. .. ..442,431 22. Syria and Palestine. . 416,360 23. Java ... ... ... ... ... ... 375,4L6 24. Denmark ... ... ... ... 370,041 254^. Tuscany ... ... ... ... 365,151 26. Urusuy . . . ... 282,594 27. Philippine Islands ... ... 262,752 28. New Granada. . .. .. 236,328 29. Sweden ... ... ... 230,960 30. Mexico ... ... ... ... 214,585 3L Venezuela. . . ... ... ... 214,271 32. Norway ... .. ... ... ... 184,.532 3.3. Papal Torritoies ... ... ... ... 175,930 34. Wallachia and Moldavla . .. 165,721 35. Central America ... .. ... ... 110,475 31,. Greece ... ... ... ... .. ... 84,889 37. Morocco 2... ... ... ... ... .. 84,085 38. South Sea Islands .. 10188:A§3 40. Otheiilacss ... ... ... ..11,267 £60,826,381 The shipping returns of the Board of Trade for the month of July show a moderate increase in the aggregate amount of tonnage employed. The increase in British vessels is very considerable, while in foreign, with the exception of American, there has been a fallin, off. Subjoined are the general totals:- Entered inward- With regard to the coasting trade it appears the tonnage entered inward was 1,098,455 in Jaly, 1855; in 1856 it was 1,098,568; and in the present return it is 1,126,940, including 22 foreign vessels of an aggregate burden of 2,996 tons. The cleararces outward were 1,172,737 in July, 1855; 1,187,895, in 1856; and 1,260,498, including 3,369 of foreign in 1857. The Excise statements for the first half or the present year have also been issued. The following table exhibits the quantities of the several articles charged with duty in the United Kingdom during that period as compared wlth the corresponding half of 1856. A considerable increase is shown under each head, except that of home-made sugar, the experiments in connexion with which appear to have been abandoned:- EXCISX-FIRST SIX MONTHS OF 1SS7. * Sice tbe 14th of &ur. 1551, malt hmabeen mare oIntyfee for distllery soumea. ho greater poPfrtion Of the malt mafO in Scotliod I, n rosod An arrangement with reference to the assetssment of duty on sugar has recently been made by the Commissioners of Customs, which is likely to prove advantageous. The duty on sugar varies in amount according to quality; and to guide the officers in the settlement of quality certain standard samples are approved by the Treasury. As, however, the cbaracteristics by which quality must be decided vary not only in the sugars produced in each country, but also in those of different estates, and even of different crops and boilings of the same estate, it requires a practical eye to determine the question. The appearance of any particular sugar is also much affected by tlia light in vhich it is seen-siunshine or reflected light giving a false tinge or colouran important matter when everything depends upon the slightest shade. Inder such circumstances it was not surprising that sugars should be differently assessed by different men in different localities. Such differences, however, gave rise to numerous remonstrances, and a remedy latelv suggested. immediately met with the concurrence and urgent recommendation of many of the leading houses in the trade. This was simply that all sugars imported into London should be aEsessed at one place, and by one set of offlicers, who, by the constant practice and. experience so acquired, and by keeping samples of all disputed qualities for future reference, would soon fall into a uniform system. Accordingly, two rooms in the Custom-house, Thames-street, with good light and northern aspect, properly fitted up and so painted as to prevent ag tar as possible any reflection of light from the walls, have been for some weeks t appropriated to the purpose. The Ienefits likely to aocrue from the perfect uniformsity of aessmient, as well as the convenience and xaaving of time from the proximity of the Custom-house to Mincng4ane, have been appreciated hy tAe various doek companiee and whar£ingers, all ef wrhos hare affarded every siatanoe, with the ingle exoep1ien of tie London Docl; authoritie who dedined unles speially an. thorized by each individual merchant usin .'heir dock ; and the plan appears to have entirely suoceeded, judging from the paucit of appeals, whi.h were formerly numeroue. It is therefore desirable that the dealers in general should endeavour to al the Revenue authorities in this attempt to remove fiscal difficultiea, and to act equitably towards all ergaged in a most important brauch of the commerce of the oountry. A meeting of the National Guaranteed MIanure CompanyW5as held to-day, Mr. .EL B. Sheridan,M.P., in the chair. The accounte showing a net profit of 1,7681., a dividend at the rate of 3 per cent. per annum was declared for the past half-year, leaving a balance of 8601. Sinoe the commencement of operations in the month of March last l,900 tons of ranure have been manufactured and sold, and it is stated that the manure has been tried with sucecoe sgainst others of known character, including Peruvian guano. The 'Confucius has arrived from Shanghai with 608,0001b. of tea and 701 bales of silk. The Oity of Baltimore, from New York, to-day, has brought 12,0001.; and the Sultan, from the Peninsula, 2,S651. to a Parliamentary paper publisbed to-day the totals of gold ehipped from Australia during the year 1856 were 138,0071. from New South Wales, and 12,015,2241. from Victoria. Of the latter 10809,6521. was sent to England, 774,4961. to India and China, 429,7161. to Sydney, Adelaide, and Tasmania, and 1,3601. to America. The largest ahipmenta were made in January, Mnrch, April, August, and December; and the smallest in July and November.
TRADB BEPORT. Wednesday Evening. TALLow.-The market is tteady to-day; 61s. 9L. is accepted for this month's delivery, and 6& for the lst three months. SUGAR.-Tho market oontinues quiet, and 250 hhds. Cuba muscovado at auction were withdrawn at 47g. and 60s; 470 hhds ooncentrated molasses (ldado) were also bo ht in at 36s. per cwt.; but were Eubsequently dispoeed oM at that price, chiefly to the exporters. Of West India 362 bhds. have been sold. CeriE.-Tne anctions went off with spirit at stiff rates, particularly the Costa Rica, which was rather dearer, 1,467 bags sellhng at 66s. to 69s. 6d. for good ordinar to fine ordinary, and 73& 6d. to 80. for fine fine ordinary to eood well-made coffoe Of 300 casks and 100 barrels andaags plantation Ceylon rather more than balf sold at 74s. 6d. to 86s. 6d. fine fine ordinary to bold blue; 200 packages La Guayra brought from f6Gs 6d. to 72s.; and 100 bags Java were bought in at 80s. per cwt Bcme-1,000 bags fine Bengal have been sold at 15s., and 3,000 bags Madras and low Bengal, the former at 1s. 71d., the latterat 10s. 9d. to s, per cwt. SALTwrErs.-No transacions are reported. LEgrnsm-With regard to the leather-market during the past month the following is from a circular by Messrs. Streatfeild, Laurance, and Mortimore :-" The demand for every description of leather has materially improved throughout the past month. Supplies generally have been only moderate, and, as the requirements ooth of Government contractors and exporters are increasing, prices have become firm, with an upward tendency. The most im. portant feature connected with the present state of our market is that the accumulation of stock which had arisen during tho previous few months has now mostly entered into consumption and a positive scarcity is beginning to be felt in some articles The continental markets have also participated in the activity which is prevailing here, and pnceshave advanced to a point which precludes advantageous shipments to this country."
THE CORB TRADE. OOUN.bXCaGIB,4 WFzzsDrAY, SET. 2. The ruphPl of Rgaish wbea: and flour thin week provee large; that of foreign wheat and barley good, and of oats very liberaL All other dsrptlen, of rraiD, both British and forelgn, ame, however, Iery Beauty. To-day the wheat tradewe very eteady, at the reduoed ratem of MoDnday lastw There being good auppilee of fQreign ba rley prtces ha'a r, downard tendency,^. Oate ace very eros. notilthxtanding the larae r c, and a. good ateady boine' Is peering. Bens and p%a3 axe barrels ozexuroe"a,l4terat!n:ldksareo393. Anerrican Thewoahorurig tE HLI, Sm-i-. L Thewoeatherdurlng tbeveek baw o ntinued in avery re-pect lavoir. able for tbo completion of harvest operations, and the htite wheat that is nowv left In tho fieldaw v. bo crried in a few dark The reports tin the ptati and tmrnip croPe are *ery umnfeourable, r vat= o weat, Oats, and barley ars god, and tbe o,rdition of the old Baltio vbeat Is superior to that of the best EnlDisth samples hitheto brotght forward ; indeede tbere aro very few of the latter tree trom sprout ar d the effecte of the heavy rains of lat month. The trade Li wheat has eein doll and limited, millers being oo. decided, but latterly tbore hi been more oonSdence sbown. Old ferelgn ie Fcarcely any lower, buh purchasers confine hbeir attention to p'cked lots 2few foreign samples are taken at a decline ot 24s to 3L. per quarter. A t to-day's market tbere wa a small show of farmen' wheat. mogtly In fair oondition. The Improved tone in the adrices from lark-lane rar had its influence bhe, Any furtber decline wva resleted, Sad mil ers sbowved more anxiety to purhase. The beat runs of new red are q(roted at 57s. to 5S,a Foreign In better (emabd at ls, to 2s. per ettarter uoder labt Toreday's rates, 'bse following are the currmt quotations :-Erizlieh wheat, new red, 50s. to ts; oldred, 60, to 6°a.; white, 61 to 6 *.; Konigeberg and Dant3ic. 60s, to Gin. Pomera31an and Bamburg. WeL to 6eaCFritland, aon Danlsb. 4S0 to b4e;. RUFsinAno&a Oddes.aN f to 54s. rT glieb oats, 27t to 29s.; Danish. 25s. to 27s.; Friesland, 26t. to2a.K lRuselan. 2Cs to27e. ; maltleg barley. 40a. to 46&; grinding. 325. to 36s.: Rnklisb bens, 42, to 47.,; foreign. 41s to 44-. iOnding pois, 40a, to 44 ; liuseed, Black Sea and East Itldia, o5s to 69s. St. P-tersbnrg. h.56 to i2a. Riga ard Arcbarg. It52i to 9s.; Kontegbeeg ar.d 5emet h2s. to 55:-; rapeseed, £-4 to ia: rape akese £6 s. 6d to £S 1bs.: linseed ca.kes lhulJI. £10 ls0 to LIW 1.: fore:go, "ls. to L10; twcos, 31 K to3b *; Dari oorn, 3s.,; guano, £S to £58 te boner, £ 610e. to £v 16s SHEFFILLD, Sir. 1. At this morning's market tbere was a gocd supply of wbeat. the bulk of be ne rsamples ot which vere out of oondition, and rome lots were excredingly baLd. Some rezy fine parcels of lsex and.Rent wbht were sbhvn, for which . long pri.owas st ed. A prety oodcearaneo v rai(fected at decline of a but I Fier load (1F 5Id per quarter). Ln otbh rbards no quotable altration, ?rices :-Wheat, white, 2s tI-i 2bs. i-r .-.A of three imreral busbels; red, 1s 64d to l3.; bes ISL to : pees, 17s. to 21se. grinding barley, 3SG to 41t per quarter; bAo k oats, 26s to MOs, white, Ss. tob 35n.: Idlanr orn, 42 to 45s milles' pries of flour, 2, 2d, 2s, 4d.. and 2s. tL per atone. At the cattle-market to-day there wVa Ku averaeo hbow of beavt and pigs, and the late high pricer were moaintaIood. drlcb cows sold at fhm £15 to £lii. barren beast £9 to £t4 ; calvos h., to 40t.; store pigs,. Il. to 7vs . porkers, 7s 3d to 7s 64d per stone. The hay and straw market was well suDppied, sud prices remalned tuatterod, Bay, £4 6s to£b lS0s, wbeat raw, is45. to 6De; oat straw. b5s. to 6QOe. green foddete. ls. to he., At Itotherham fat c&tWe-market yetterday there was a full averngs chow of beasts, whicb sold at deelritng rate. A mnoderate sbhw of cheep, and totmer prices maIthined. Beef, In. 6d toSs. 2d4per stono; foreign, 7s, to Sn. 2d. mutton, 5dM to 7id, XRWCASTLE Srrv. L At this morning's market there was a fair show of wheat on offer. New vwheat inet a eslw sale at o decline of 2s rer quarter on Satordary' quotatienS. Old in limied demnti. but prioa are no lower. (tber articles are without material alteration. A t the rattle-market to day the trade In beastA ws not so briAk as 1 .t week. ant prices reteded 3d. per rtone. The inutt'u trade was ,teaey at an advanoe of Id. per lb. Lambh sold reely at formcr rat'.. P:gs met a plow sale. Beef, Ga 6d. to hS. 6d. per stone; niutton, 6d. to 7,d. per lb.; lamb, 6id. to 7id. per lb. DUBLIN, Smrr. L There wa% a good demand for new grain at market to-day. Wheat and oats supported the cunrrncies of Friday. Ears was 60. cbeAr; or Barley moved off at about the prioes of last d-.y. Raporeed must be voted 6d. to ha, dearer. Indian corn in rmall d=maud; to eiect sales to quantity a reduction of li. should be sebmittod to.
TREATY WInS HONDUEAs.-A treaty of trade and 1,avigation between Her Majesty and the Republic of nonduras, igned on the 27th of AugustA 1S56, Tas just beon printed. I is to endure seven years from the date of the ratfication. The roost imortant artcle is an additional one relative to tbo right of way by the interoceanic roub, the Honduras Government agreeing that the rigbt of way over any such route, from gee to sea, sbhll be at all timeC open and free to the Governument and subjects of Great Britain "for all lawful pfrpoees,t and that no tolls or dues shall be impoed on the transit ef pronexty or on the public mails of Great Britain. The BepulR balsoenages to eetshliz. free portt at the extremiies ef the soatenpiated road. In return for thes oneeif DS lD d recOgnis the nthte of evro3ignu ad gsepe of dura in and over t4h line ef the said road, aad pa e the eatire neutrality Of tbe = , With Ue pr ht er g ntee wan protectien may he withdrawn iith Vesmpesmy nmananjing tbe road adeptt aUeae enzary to te sap tad licteL. tion of thu r tice *f tbc treaty TxniOxrnrXos.-Theasu.uat_r.mted forfOrdnanoo Servitee for the Tear 186-G was SW165., Dud the te* espeudithrxe 'waS ,l993lS84Y lead3g o deAet ot 2,0V3,6t.
RAILWAY A.ND MI2IITG SIA1REa Wednesday Evening. The railway-market has been buoyant, and a further improvement in most of the leading descriptions has tak-en place; North-Eastern stocks being especially in demand. A scarcity of the stock for transfer again caused an advance in Great WVestern, the movement being assisted by the failure of a speculator for the fall. ludian shates show no alteration of importance. In foreign, Dutch, Rhenish, and Pernambuco were slightly higher, and Southerm of France declined. In mines, East Bassett improved, and a reduction occurred in United mlines. Union Bank of Australia advanced 10s. In miscellaneous securities, Crystal Palace Preference again receded.
[Advertisement.]-The Wellington Monument.-The Royal Pictures eugraved in the "Art Journal" for September (price 2s. fd ) are Mourenhout'e 'Preparing fortheChase"and Winterhaiters ' Princess Victoria Gouramnaa of ooo." The sculpture ia "The Ff untees," fror: the St eteby Wsatt, in tho possession of the Queen. The principlpIn derary contents are-Tlntoret.o at Venice sod Ir. Ruskis,-An Artisth s Notee the FaMulty of tive-Britle Artmi,a No. XXV£11.. John Gibson. Rk,, iilnstsated-Ths English School in the irt Treasures Exhibitaon-Tb Pioturo GaDery of J. H. Mann., Esq.-The Book of theTbameId bS Mr. and p Mrs. S.0 . Hal tilustrated-Virtue and Co., 26, Paternoster-row, London, and ali cokeielters. [Adveotise bgent.asIndaa, by J. oi. Stocqut eler (price Is. fd. his.), with ans accournt of the?l£utiny IntheBeng-stArmy, aLd relhable information on the ilocerumnent, the various routes to, and Puro:.tan Ldfe in India. Also descriptions ot the princ1pal towns, Calcnttas, bladras, PSrnlbay, Delhi, Agr3. Lnsknow, Sn,; and PrarU ral advics on otirchaslag tbe necessary outfit suItable to either route -tbe sea or overland. ' In this volinme It has been the aim to condenise and concentrate all the information regatding; the British Empis a in the Est, ;which is eo esentiai sboull now be known by orer3one." London, G erge Routbege and Co Farringdon-etreet. [Advertisement.J -John Ciassol's " Ari Treasures Exhi. bitlon."-Tho fourth monthly part of this gveat work of art, price 6d is now ready, aud omutains the following engravingas, from t'se worxs of greatmrstersin thoManchester Exhiblden:-Gasricksas ichanrItl -Scenefrom Hudibras One of the Sit'-of Cruelty,byHorarttbFruit Piece, and the Redcap, by Lance- -S Pmnza. and the itvsis, hy Leslle. R.A.-Tbe Orphan Bird, by 1._., -A Pean.nt Boy, by Westall, R.A.-fricin of the Stocking Loon, r,d tht Novice, by Elrmore, R.mL-TbeMynticM arriaQe. Vsa Der Burcbt-The CrucifixIon, Qreen ie.riettaMaria and Family. Walonna and Child, Charles I. Children of COarles I., Crown of Thorns, ali by Vandyck-with i'or traits of Elogarth and Vandyck. On Eaturday, ihe 5th iet,, will be issued the next Penny number, containing Portraits of Dr. Gevartius, cfS F. Sneyders. and of F. Langlois, all by Vandyck, and Portrait f Sir Thomrs Lawrence by himsnLf.-Lundon: Kent aud Co. [Advertisement.]-Just published, "Lebahn's Genmau Copy Book :" a selection of exereceea for eelMinstruotion, price 2s. 6d. Also, by the 'F me author, the following works in tihe German langsge -geernan in One Volume, price Bs., and withthekly lOs. 6id -- The best Gesman Grammar that has 3et been publIsbed.Y-Pos. Practice in Grrman, prlceed. "It makes the ttudyanamueement,Morning Advertiser. The Self-Instructor In German, price 1s. 6d. -We coosider tbe Self Instructor 'etitied to the bighest praiee. It IsDlain, practical, complete, and well-arranged."-Eclectle Review. Elcitenfels aLd Dialogues, price 3s. fed ' A charming produrtlon."kducatiou*l Tirmes The German Reading Book, price 3s, 61. lMost tboroughily pSctical."-Britannia. Slections from the German Poets. with comr,lete vocabuarfe3, Price 6s. " The student can have ro Fuperior guide to iMr. Lebahn."-Literary Gazete Also Lebabn's German GlnrAcs, rrrie 3s. 6d. each. Peter SoblenAml; or, the Sfhadowless Man, by Chamiseo-Eimont, by Goethe-Wihelim Tell, bySchIllee-E2n1lia Galottl, by ;eAslrg-VrJdine, by FouqueGoela V en Benllchngen, by Goethe-Pageustreirhe ; or, a Pages solics. by KRoirebue. London, sold by Simplin, Marshall, and Ca.; C. H. C.larke, 2Sa, Patercter-e.row, ; and all booksellers, rAdvertisement.Iindia, and the Rise and Progress of Britih &npremaey.-In the forthcoming number (195) of" CueUs Illustrated Famly Paper" will be commenced a series of most interestIng articles On this ad-engrOeEing Fubject. The number also contains well neaented engravings of the India House-The Juggernaut Temple-The Harvest Moon-John of Are in Prison-anda dsene fromJ.P. 8mth's Tale, "The YouDg Pretender -" tomeetthedemand for wbich It has been necessary to agapin eprtitRoe. 186 187 and 188, wbhicr see now ready. In this numtber is aso continued A. Dma. s greet iale, anRoyalt sad RepublicW"-Lnden, Kent sod 00
GBBAT &OBTREZBY RAILW.A Y. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sfr,-The remarks in your money article of this day with reference to the meeting of the Great Northern would lead the public to suppose that those who voted with the directors, or intrusted themn with their proxies, thereby endorsed the whole previous policy of the board, and became " coamitted to a full approval of all that has passed." Indeed, you ask how can any censure be inflicted on any other diree. tora, however laX in their management, when the shreholders of this company, " representing the average honou-, wealth, and inteUigence of the country, not maerely pass over such acts, but virtually, in the most emphatic manner, express their sanction of them 7" Permit me, Sir, as one of those who voted with the directors on Saturday last, to undeceive you on this point, and to assure you that our votes and our proxies vent no iurther than in agreeing with the board that it would be premaature at once to adopt the decisior of the Vice-OhanceUor, and that, under the circumstances the only course was to adjourn the meeting tiUl his opinion had been submitted to a full Court of Appeal. Although Air. Denison talked of " gentlemen in Northumberland and Yorkshire holding their 70,000. or 80,004. of "stock, who sent him their pro;ies saying, ' I applaud all you have done, and upon all questions I will intrust you with my votes,"' it by no means follows that the 1,031 proxies sent hirn in any way re-echoed that sentiment. At tho same time I quito agree with you that it would be well if the report of the meeting of tho Great Northern could be expunged. All who were preEent, and all who have read your account of the prooeedings, whatever their opinions may be on this vexata questio now pending between the preference and ordinary holders, must regret that theshareholders should have resorted to personal abuse rather than to argament; but all mnst still more deeply deplore that the line adopted by the chairman was that of defianco rathor than of deprecatory humility-his tone that of anrogant astonishment that his stewardship should be called in question I Popuus rme sibik, at mihi plaudo ipse dami ! Now, reaUy to tell an unfortunate shareholder who has received no dividend for the last two half-years, and is told that he wil get nothing till 1859, that if he will endeavour to avoid these "unfortunate squabbles" his property will stand higher in the market than it does now, savours of the practical joke. It was all very well for the charity boy detected st ealing tarts to say, " Well, don't kick up such a row. It's true the pies aTe gone; but, thank God, there's no ripping of bellies," But these are hardly the high-flown sentiments expected from the chairman of a company representing 11,000,0004. of capital. Again, Ar. Denison informed the shareholders, who are so dull of comprehension-they fai to see it-that he has done more for them than they have done for him, and that he cares nothing for the honour of being their "all paid chairman." Napoleon said we were a nation of shop. keepers, but it has been reserved for Mr. Denison to show that in this country position is really held as nothing, it unaccompanied by the loaves and fishes. What ! is all to resolve itself into pounds, shillings, and pence? Is nothing to be set down for the proud position of chairman to a great oompany; or, putting it even on his low grounds, is there nothing in being a Triton even among minnows, and in being thus enabled, In an indirect way, to "take care of Dowb?" Mr. Denison may think to carry matters with a high hand, but nothing can absolve him or his brother directors from the imputation of the grossest negligence in having allowed frauds of snch gigantic magnitude to continue undetected through an uninterrupted period of two years. He appears to have taken for his model the captain in one of hMarryat's novels, who while it is bloving a gale of wind goes below, but pre-, viously to turning in tells his lieutenant to caU him when it blows harder. He is told a second and a third time that the storm has increased, making the same rejoinder, " Call me when it blows harder," until at last he is told that it blows a perfect hurricane, upon which he turns laziy round atd says, " CaU me when it lulls." Now, Mr. Denison, having secured for a most responsible office the services of a gentleman who had been discharged by his previous employers for a deficit in his accounts, and had afterwards paid all his credit ors In one day by a liberal composition of Is. 6d. in the pound, thinks the time propitious to go to sleep. He is told of ugly clouds about, but makes no sign. In 1854 there is a cry of " Breakers ahead," for in August of that year the accountant called the circumstance of the discrepancy in the accounts to the notioe of the auditors. StiUl the reply is "All serene,"and Redpath if suspected, must be handled as Isaao Walton did his baits, " tenderly, as though they loved him." At last the reathunderelap comes, but when the storm bursts over the it lulls," and, lo oking at thdg "Call me when tunes have gone by the board, says " Oh, fortunati nimium! sua st bona n6rint.1" Your obedient servant, A PiGEON LEFT WITHOUT A FEATHER TO VT.V Wn'T Harrow, Sept. 1. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In reference to your appropriate remarks on the extraordinary conduct of the chairman of the Great Northern Railway, I would beg leave to point out to yourself and your readers what is the real source of the outrageous amount of power which railway directors so unscrupulously use at their meetings, by which they are enabled completely to set at nought the opinion of the meeting. This is the proxy system, which the directors of railways bave invented and put into operation for the benefit of their own im. munity. I think that the shareholders generally will be surprised to learn that this proxy system rests on no general law whatever, but is the result of specific clauses introduced Into the private Aet constituting the railway, laying down that proxies are to be sent to the secretary of the company five days previous to the meeting, which enable the directors to take accoint exactly of the number o proxies they may depend upon, and, if they have the majority in their pocket previous to the meeting, to treat their own shareholders with any disregard and discourtesy they please. The example of the House of Lords, from whom the proxy systemr as been derived, only lays down that the roxy be presented before 3 o'clock on the day it is used; ut, though the system of vicarious delegation may work without especial objection in an assembly whose functions axe supplementaytothose of a more active and vigorous preliminary discussion, it is extremely doubtful whether, in the case of a single meeting of a company at long periods apart, it be compatible with any authority whatever over its government that absent shareholders, not having heard a word of the discussion, probably ignorant of the very subject that may be in question, shall be able to prejudge the subject by a general proxy given m any days before, and to place a vote blindly at the disposal of the ruling power; but that it would be much more consonant with reason and with the ordinary principles of representative government that the proxies should be taken after the question has been raised or submitted to the meeting, and on the particular question only that has been thus submitted to the decision of the proprietors. This simple alteration would very much mitigate the evils of the present railway government, and give a valuable check to the abeolute pow er now in the hands of directors. Ilam, Sir, your obedient servant. Ol T\A DV VT> TT Roinaway.park, Devime, Sept. 1.
CouNrey QuTET.-We arrive at the Nag's Head late in the evening, have our tea, go to bed hred with our iourney, sleop delightfully tll about 3 o'clock in the morning, and at that hour begin to discover that the: a are actually noises even in this remeote country seclusion. They keep fowls at the Nag's Head, and at 3 o'clock the cook begins to crow and the hens to cluck under our window. Pastoral, my dear, and suggestive of eggs for breakfast whose renutation is above suspic.on; but I wish these cheerful fowls did not wake quite so early. Are there, likewise, dogs, love, at the Nag's Head, and ar they to bark down the crowing and clucking of the cbeerf fowls? I should wish to guard myself against the possibility of makLng a mistke, but I think I heard three dega. A small, shri] dog, who barks rapidly; a melancholy doe of uncertain size, who howls monotonously; and a la- I ..so dog, who emits barks at intervals like .nmiute js this going on long ? Apparently it is. Mfy dear, if you will refer to yon: pocket-book I think you will -and that the dootos rsc mmeDded early !oumrs. We will not be fretful and complaia of our having our morning sleep disturbed ; we will be contented, and will only say that it is time to get up. Breakfast. Delicious meal; let us linger over ib as long as we can; let us linger, if possible, till the drowsy midday tranquiUity begins to sink over thls secluded vllage. Strange ! but, now I think of it again, do I, or do I not, ear an incessant hamnmering over the way? No manufacture is carried on in this peaceful place, no now houses are being built ; and yet there is such a hammering that, if I shut my eyes, I can almost fancy myself in the neighbourhood of a dockyard. Waggons, too, hy does a waggon, which makes so little noise in London make so much noise here; is the dust on the road detonating powder, that goes "ff 's,h a report at every turn of the heavy wheels? Does the waggoner crack his whip or fire a pistol to encourage hi hormes Children, next. Only five of themn, and they have not been able to settle for the last alf-hour what game they shall play at. On two points alone do they apwear to be unaninous-they are all agreed on making a noise, and on stopping to make it under our window. I think I am in some danger of forq0tting one of the doctor's directions: I rather fancy I am aDowingmyself to be annoyed. Lot us take a turn in the garden, at the back of the house. Dogs again. The yard is on one side of the garden. Every time our walk takes us near it, the small shrll dog barks and the large hoarse dog growls. The doctor tells me to have no anxieties, I am suffering devour. ing anxieties. These dogs may break looge and fly Lt us, for anythin I know to the contrary, at a moment's notioe. What sU I do? Give myself a drop of tonic, or ecape for a few hours from the perpetual noises of this retired spot by taking a drive? My wife says "Take a drive." I think I have already mentioned that 1 invriably agree with my wife.-Dic*itZ' Ho"MeAold Word4t
MILITABY AND NA VAL ThTELLrGBNOB. Eleven more regiments are under orders for India-seven infantry and four cavalry. About 400 of the 72dRegiment will embark atPortsmouth on Friday next for India in tho Scotia transport, which was surveyed yesterday by the Asstant-QuartermasterGeneral of the south-west district. Orders have been received at the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, directing Colonel H. Jervis to hold in readiness reinforcements for the 43d Light Infantry, 3d battalion of 60th Rifles, and 74th lighlganders, to embark for Madras, for the purpose of joining the service companies of their corps in that presfdency. The transport Waterloo, Captain Young, sailed from Queenstown on Satnrday for Calcutta with the four companies of the 56th Regiment which she had embarked on Thursday. The troopship Athlete arrived in Cork harbour on Sunday from London for the purpose of embarking six officers and 185 rank and file of the C battery of Royal Artillery for Calcutta. The 3d battalion of the Scots Fusileer Guards arrived at Portsmouth yesterday to garrison that fortzess, and proceeded to occupy Clarenoe Barracks. Lieutenant-General Thomas Hutchesson, Colonel-Com mandant of the 13th battalion of the Royal Artillery, died on Fiday last at Dover, after a lingering illness, in his 77th year. The gallant General had seen considerable service, and a few years after he entered the army served in iolland (1799). Hle served in the Peninsula and France from March 1813 to July 1814, and took part in the campaign in Belgium in 1815, being at the battle of Wa:erloo, and remaining in France with the army of occupatton until November, 1818. His commission bore date as follows:- Second-Lieutenant, December 1, 1797; First Lieutenant, October 2, 1799; Captain, April 10, 1805; Brevet-Major, August 12, 1819; Regimental Lieutenant-Colonel, July 22, 1830; Regimental Colonel, November 23, 181; Colonel Commandant, August 30, 1854; Major-General, June 20, 1854; and Lieutenant-GeneraL 1856. The communications from our Malta correspondent reach to the 28th of August, but report little beyond the arrival on the 26th of the Boxer steam gunboat from Constantinople and Canea, and the return early on the morning of the 25th of Her Majesty's steam gunboat the Wanderer, despatched early on the morning of the 20th to Cagliari for the purpose of communicating by telegraph, vi4 Turin, the intelligence from Snez, in antlcipation of the Est India, China, Australian, and New Zealand mails, which only reached Malta late on the afternoon of the 24th by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket Vectis, fromn Alexandria, and went on at 9 o'clock on the sarme night to Marseilles In the same vesseL The Lloyd's Austrian steamer Vorwarts left for Messina and Corfu on the 24th. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steampacket Ripon arrived from Alexandria on the 25th. A dep6t company of the 38th Regiment, consisting of 55 rank and file, under command of Major Daniel, with Captain Sidney G. Quicke, arrived in Cork on Sunday from the Curragh Camp. They expect to embark on Friday for Colchester. The H troop of Royal Horse Artillery vrere yesterday morning, in consequence of the rain, assembled in heavy marching order in the Riding School at Wooluich, as weU as the dismounted party of the detachment, and were minutely inspected by Major-General Sir W. F. Williams, commanding the garrison. The A and B troops, together with the detachment of the mounted brigade, were Eubsequently assembled in marching order on Woolwich Common, in the presence of the General and his staff, and, having been inspected, they were put through a series of minor drills under the command of Colonel Maude, C.B. The General afterwards addressed the men, and informed them that nothing could exceed the satisfaction ho felt on returning to Woolwich and inspecting the Royal Horse Artilery Brigade-one of the finest and most soldierlike corps in Her Majesty's service, and he had no doubt they would continue to maintain that position. Captain Arthur 0. L. Lewis, Royal Marine Light Infantry belonging to the Woolwich division, having been medicaUy surveyed and pronounced by Sir John RiddeU incapacitated for farther service, has been permitted to retire on the half-pay service provision. Her Majesty's steamship Vulcan, Commander Seccombe, it is reported is ordered to proceed to Halifax to embark troops for England. The Rifleman, 8, steamvessel, Lieutenant Christian, arrived at Spithead last evening from the South-East coast of America station. The Indiana screw steamer passed throngh Spithead, from the eastward, last evening for Southampton. The steam freightship Gibraltar sailed from Woolwichr- , ' " _ 1 '' R end other building materials and stores for Gibraltar. The Select Committee of Woolwich Arsenal, accompanied by some naval officers of experience and a number of the Royal Artillery garrison, assembled in the Plumnstead-marshes yesterday, at 2 30 p.m., for the purposo of witnessing a final experiment with Martin's shells. Thnese shells were bronght under the consideration of Government on the 1st of April, 1854, and have since undergone four experimental trials. Yesterday's trial was conducted by the inventor himself, who is a mannfacturingfounderresiding at Blackwall. The shells employed on the different occasions have been of various dimensions so as to contain from 281b. to 481b. of flnid metaL The butt yesterday was the old 36-gun frigate, fittedout with uDper and orlop decks, as used on the former trials, which, having been renovated, and the upper deck covered and strengthened with the addition of a number of gun carriages, looked really like a ship at sea. The gum, a 68-pounder of F inch calibre, fired five shots flUed with the burning Ilquid at a dlistance of 900 yards from the object, two of which penetrated the broadside facng the gun. The result was pereeptible immediately after the first shot was fired, as smoke was observed issuing from the portholes on either side. The third shot fell slightly short of the mark, burst, and cast its destructive contents with fearful effect on the ship, and the other two shots were embedded in the ground vithout striking the target. A powerful engine from the Royal Arsenal, already in attendance, was then ordered to pour a stream of water over the burning ship, but this :sppeared only to revive the flames, which burst forth with rabid fury, notwithstanding the heavy rain, which had completely saturated the timbers, and which even then partially continued. After the utmost exertions on the part of the firemen to subdue the progress of the flames the pumps 'were ordered to be withdrawn, and the ship's timbers were shortly reduced to a few blackened and charred planks.
THE LATB CAPTAIN GUISE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In The limes of the 27th of August appears a letter dated Benares, June 22, giving an account of the mutiny at that station on the raemorable 4th of Jane, which acconut contains a pararaph referring to the drcumstances under which my gallant brother met his death on that occasion so much at variantce with the actual facts of the case that I mustclaImasmallspaceinyourjoaalinorderto setthe matter in its true light, and to vindicate the reputation of a noble rcidier, whose honour is in death his sole possession, End we who are its guardians cannot permit it to be lightly 'zittered away. The paragraph to which I refer reads as foUows In the meantime, Captain Guise, of the 13th Irregulars. was only 1esting his busmgalow, and rashly attempted to reach tie " "-.e-,ground, where his troop was drawn up, by riding th~o.41t the lines of the 37th Native Infantry. His chest was positively riddled with bullets in the attempt. Of course hi3 death t-am istiu^aneous." It will probab>ly he s'lfficlent to set against this statement the followng ecour:.~ )thfe lamentable occurrence, as given ns'sttertro:auxo3cerof hisregiment to his poor be- ' wifhe, vhich, in its circumstantial minuteness, must i nme4 .onnluslve as respects the facts of the cr.se: ler.c husband was at his pest, as he ever was, and, rt of the regiment, he entered vigorously on the >.w dttngupthe rebels. His honse being feeter than thoe o Ite mn h go inadvnce an wa oD suepported by Mix Bund Kihan, the Affghan. Youvr husband followed a 37th rebel closely, and came up with him in the Sudder Bazaar, where the miscreant turned rountd and fired his musket. The ball wvent low and struck the horse, which fell immediately. Dear G;uise tried to reach the man with his sword, but, entangled as he was with the trappings of the fallen horse, he could not reach him; Mix Bund han did his beat to get at the muau, hut, owing to the narrow position they were in, he could not manage it; the man loaded his musket agaio, having retreated perhaps between the houses for the purpose, and fired a second time at your gallant husband, who this timo was overcome by the ball, and fell heavily to the ground. Life must have teen extinct in a few seconds, the ball most probably passtng through the heat Mix Bund lRhan didu his best to follow the perpetrators of the foul deed, hut, owing to the intricacies of the place, they quickly escaped. More than one Sepoy came up before the deed of death was completed, and they are also implicated perhaps in the murder." The kind Insertion of this will oblige, Sir, your obedient servant, W V nmur17 Walsingham Abbey, Azgust 29." Wo are requeated to dtate that the Eckford" reported to have fallen at Cawnpore before the maesacre is notk mentioned in 2l'e 2imet of Saturday, the Colonel of the 66th Bengal Native Infantry, wbo is also a Major-Gene. ral and C.B. now shttioned at Landore. The young officer supposed to ave been murdered is Lieutenant James H. Ecktord, ARhItant-QuartermasUr and Interpreter to the ArtilleU at Cawnpore. He ws aso the brother of Iieutenant John Ec}ord, vhoes gallantry in defending the public tressre at Meerut was noticed in 2nbe Timea at the outbreak of the mutiny.
WEB SOUNDINaS FOR THE ATLANTIC TELEF GBAPH. (From the New york Tim"s.) Years ago people asked " Cui bono r" when tbounsads were expended on expeditions the only retLrns of which were a andful of shells and a few casts of the deep-sea lead ;-yet it is on the accuracy of tbese returns that the project is now being hazarded. The bottom of the sea has been carefully surveyed and mapped, with all its variety of mountain and prairie land, its teleraiphicplateau and its deep hollows, where no lead has ever .ound bottom. The soil, too, from the bottom has been brought up and analyzed, and has revealed many curions phenomena pertaining to these sunless depths. The ocean bed of the North Atlantio is a curious study; in some parts furrowed by currents, in others presenting btnks, the accnmulations perhaps cf the debris of these ocean rivers during countless ages. To the west, the Gulf Stream pcurs along in a bed from one mile to a mile and a half in depth. To the east of this, and south of the Great Banks, is a basin, eight or ten degrees square, where the bottom attains a greater depreasion than perhaps the higbest peaks of the Andes or Himalaya,-six miles of line have failed to reach the bottom; but of this more presently. Tkng a profile of the Atlantic basin in our own latitude, we find a far greAter depression than any mountain elevation on our own continent. Four or five Alleghanies would have to be piled on each other, and on them added Fremont's peak before their point would show itself above the surface. Behtween the Azores and the mouth of the Tagus this decreases to about three miles. Further north there is an apparent decreme of depth, with increasing replarity of bottom, though it is problematical whether this is not owing to the greater accuracy with whichthese observations have been conducted. Tbis apparent rise has been called the "Tel.grphic Plateau,' or, as articles emarating from the observatory would have it, "Maury's Plateau" (lucus a no, ) This appears to be the natunal route for the Transatlantic Telegraph. Other plans have been proposedone a northing circuit, between the several points of Scotland, Iceland, Greenland, and the Labrador coast/ each span being some 500 miles, or to use one or twvo of the island groups of the Atlantic. In the route selected wre have many advantages-convenient harbours at either terminus ; a depth of water at every point sufficient to place tho wire beyond the reach of any surface causes, such as fce or the anchor of any ship, yet not at an imprscticabia depth, being at the shoalest several hundred feet, and in mid-Atlantio not materiaUy over two miles. During a thousand miles of its course the gradual depression of the ocean-bed does not exceed &00 fathoms. On either side lie Ireland and Newfoundland, the breastworks of either continent, approaching within seventeen hundred miles, and forming the natural ter us of itg route. Trnity Bay is its western head, and Valentla Bay, on the south-western point of Ireland, its eastern. This, then, is the bed on which the telegraphic cable is to le, an unbroken prairie land, extending from continent to continent. Let us nowv see the nature of this bed. Specimens of the bottom, when subjected to a powerful glass, exhibit delicate shells and infusoria, fragile as if carved in eggshell, and yet as perfect in aU their delicate formation as any of the more durable works of nature. The least attrition would crumble all this to Powder. The inference is, that all agitation of winds and aurrents is confined to the turface, and that at these sunless depths the great mass of water remains In almost a quiescent state, and that the telegraphic wire, if once laid in safety, would lie for ever beyond the reach of harm, sinking among and covered by these fleecy particles. All this may be incorrect, but we have strong reasons for the supposition. If so, can it ever be laidin safetyl Some abortive efforts at deep-sea soundings furnish curious data for our belief in its practicability. Miles of a small iron wire not thicker than a child's litte finger were actually laid at the bottom of the ocean, and recovered unbroken at a considerably greater depth tban any found on the plateau. The modst opcrands of laying the cable was here performed with a wire of but a fractional part of the strength and fitness of that proposed. The wire laid by the British in the Black Sea was, however, not of greater size orstrength than this. The experimentof laying the wire is performed in deep-sea sounding whenever a wire is substituted for the ordinary sounding hne. With the depth known, with the character of the bottom known, wvith a cable as plastic as rope, yet with a tenacity capable of sustaining four miles of its length in air, and almost any extent in water, with four of the finest ships in the world for laying it, a ,d aided by the dearly-bought experience gained in the submersion of half-a-dozen other lines, we taeever reason for our belief that the Atlantic Telegraph will be a success. Let us now see by whom, and in what manner, were these explorations made, and whether they are worthy of the confidence placed in their accuracy by the Telegraph Company. Lieutenant Maury h s up to this time enjoyed a monopoly of the reputation derivablefrom them, and hisown ansme has been lnled to the Telegraphic Plateau, the existence of which was first rendered probable and afterwards certain by the labours of other persons. This rather questionable reputation would now be left undisturbed did he not now essay to knock away the scaffolding by which he has risen, and to throw discredit on these very researches the fruit of which he has so abundantly reaped. Lientenant Maury has only been the medium by which the labours of other officers have been made public. The only explorations made by our own Government at all bearing on this field are those of Lieutenant Berryman in the Dolphin in 1853, and in the Arctic during the past autumnI when sent out by the Navy Department to examine the telegraphic route. That the surveys of the Dolphin were as accurate as the Imperfect apparatus then in use would permit is admitted by Manry, who bestowed on them the ifth-.k Tre ,_l, -3 'as. thAn to examnin *eo r- urns of the Aretic which have been' questioned by him both officially in scientific lectures, and in the public pre;s Before doing this, the public must understand the several modes of making deep-sea soundings, on the relative meritb of which the whole question hinges. The old system is, with a small line marked at distances of 100 fathoms, and with a we lght of 30 or 50 pounds, the depth being told by the length of line run out. This is, of course, the most natural apparatus that suggests itelf, and has been in use from the earliest ages Experience has given directions for its use, avoiding some of the grosser causes of error from driftage and other causes Yet its success in immenso ocean depths is problematical, and a problem decided in the negative by very many of the first scientific authorities at hote and abroad. In the ncchaticalimprovementsof the last half-century substitutes for this simple but rather uncertain method began to be devised. It was proposed toascertain the depth by the amount of pressure, or by explosions under water, with other equaU impracticable plans. At last wu noticed the perfect regularity of the movements of a spirally-shaped wheel, on being drawn through the water, Experiments proved that this regularity, when unaffected by other causes, could be reled on with perfect acuacy, and that an arrangement of cog-wheels would register its revolutions with mathematical precision. Very soon it came in use as a ship's log. So perfect was their precision, that they were even introduced in scientific surveys. Base lines, vhere the nicest accuracy is required, were ran with them and we have the highest authority of the Royal Navy for believing that they never failed. At this point it was proposed to apply them in a perpendicular as well as in a horizontal motion through the water, Massey's apparatus promising to solve those problems of submarine geography left unsolved by the old method of obtaining depth with a simple line and sinker, and this more especially as some causes of error, considerable on the surface, disappear in tlie still vater below. After a more thorough trial of the old method than, perhaps, any officer in the service, Lieutenant Berryman proposed to explore the Telegraphic Plateau with the use of Massey's apparxtus, op position to the opinion of Lieutenant Maur, who, following the traditions of the service, was attac ed to the old system of line and bal. Many traditions are stubborn things, and the new method has met, of course, vith all that opposition unavoidable on the introduction of an improvement which, though known for years abroad, is a novelty among our own people. But, though its uFe was new, its principle was no novelty to Lieutenant Maury, who years ago was quite in love with its beautiful simplicty, and copied it as his own invention into a late edition of his Sailing Direcdions, vwith the assurance that it "works beautifully." This would not be referred to did not gaury's present atcack on the soundings made with Massey's apparatus now make it necessary to quote him amonR tbe many authorities in its favour. The manner of obtaining depth from the Arcticwas vwith the two methods used in conjunction,-to sound with a simple line and bal, giving an approximation to the depth, but trusting for the sicer shades of accuracy to the readiness of Massey's indicitor, which sank appended to the lead, the one beinga check an the other, so that no error of moment could avoid detection. In no event could the depth be greater than the amoant of line out, while, owing to deflecting causes affecting the line alone, Massey's indicator might with perfect accuracy read considerably less. During she first half of the cruise care was taken to obtain the precise depth with the line, with the most gratifying agreement of its returns with the readiness of the self-registering sounding apparatus. As in every case, however, the readings of the latter were preferred, itwas found convenient to throw out a superabundance of line to assure the descent of the lead to the bottom ; the amount of line out was thus often in considerable excess of the recorded depth. Two sets of soundings were thus obtained; one with Massey's apparatus, and the other with the old method of simple line and snker. That the former is to be preferred is argued by the fact that specimens from the bottom being obtained every time, the depth could not have been in excess of the length of lineont,while it might Iasve been as much less as therend- mgs on zasY s appa-ratus. the sounding line being deflectedI from the perpendicular by driftage and currents, and tbathese causes of error realy exist is admitted by Maury in a dozen plaes. The imperfections of the system he advises I are prodigious, and when overcome are the exceptional cases: not one-tenth of the deep-sea soundings obtained under it are considered reliable by Maury himself. At a depth of one mile or two miles, with no currents or driftings, it may be trusted. These conditions were apparently perfectly obtained by Captain Platt, of the Albany, in the Gulf of Mexico; yet, sounding twice at the same point, the returns differed one-half. But these conditions are hardlv ever obtained. The ocean is fulU of currents, which wifl carry off the sounding line in immense loops; and in the immense ocean depths, where the shock of the sinker st bottom cannot be conveyed through two or three mil line, it becomes almost impossible to arrive at an approximation of the true depth Two soundings at the same spot will differ 50 and 100 per cent. It is this impotent manner of obtaining soundings that has fostered the v-ulgar belief in the un- athomable depth of the sea. However great are these causes of error, they are not applicable to the little selfregistering sounding apparatus used on board of the Arctic. It may ha,e errors of its own, but it escapes these * and on the precision of its returns vwil depend, in no smalL degree, the success or failure of the Atlantic Telegraph. Do.r'NC PoutLriTy. - AIlow me," said Arthur, looking pleadingly at Angelica the other morning at breakfast-"allown me to send you a little duck. Unless," he timidly added in a half whisper, " that is like sending ooals to NewoLaste." The little duck answered that he was a great oose, but did not altogether look as if she thought so,-Func.
La W AJPORT. PREROGATrVE TlTPr w . I-VXY V *tT .- (.E4f Si J _. A , " Tho te a testw enta ogit intut'ed to try the validity of the wil ofKim Crook, who died on the 3d of December, I855. Tho will wag executed on the 4th of October, I&% end disposed of proprty to the mount of about ,oDoi2 r. Harvey being *ppointed the execntor It wag di..nitea by Mrs ilen, the neir.ta, on the ground of the imbe. Cthty of the testatrix, and a congidenbe ntumber of wit. nemes were examined at considerable length in support of and in oppodfton to that allegation TheConrt aving taken time to conder, Sir J. DODSON thir mornlnS delivered judgrent. The learned judge pronounced agLinst the wilL on the groutnd that the proof of the execution was deficient and on that ground only.
BAKBUPrcy COURT, fiaigh.-trc4 &pL 2. IN RX sAm.f1rV. R1Tl iA R- (Bdf6rc Mr. Commisgoner FONh1LrxoTJx1 The bankrupt, Dr. Richards, as deribds n &pothecary, of 3, Bedford.square. Thi as hi certificate meeting. :fr. LAW}AYCI;, wrho aperd for the assignees, stateW tbo,t the bankrupt wras the boldero£ 30 new ares In the royaOlBrtish Bank, upon which ho was now liable to the amount of 1,0841. There were no other debts, and 2101. had been given up to the official asdgnee. Iis (Mr. Lwrnoe& s clients coandered that the failure had wholy arisen oat ot the bankrupt's connexion with the bank, and they had in. strutted him to recommend the case to the Court aM one pr per for a first-elm cLaertificate. W. COlDaSSIONXR aid his rule was that where a peron who was evidently solventand had capital emhbarkedbond Mide into a matter-he would not say a speculaton-of this kind, and for an investment, he might consider the cue as cne of unavoidable los and misfortune. He thought, horever, that it would be better if traderz oFtener thought of the remark of Lord Stowell, who, when asked to invest his money in a conoern which promised large interest, observed, " I prefer the elegant slmplcity of tho Three per Cents." If that advioe were oftener followed, thero would be fewer bankrupts. He thought, however, that the present cae came as near as one well could to the statutory definition of " unavoidable loss and misfortune." A first-class certificate would be granted, and he must say that it was very much to Dr. Richards's credit that he had no debts. The usul ozder -would be made as to the retrnm of the fees. IN RE JR. J. NhORTON. The bankrupt was described as a ladies' outfitter, of 41 and 42, Pleet-street. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Cattlin appeared for tho assignees; Mr. Lawrance l'exmain grounds of opposition urged with a view to a total refusal or suspension of the oertificate were reckles trading, bad bookkeeping, and negligent conduct, almost amounting to fraud. It appeared that the bankrupt oompounded with his creditors seven years ago, aying them a composition of 10s. in the pond. He h sinoe resumed business, but had latterly become very much involved, o much so that he was obliged to quit his business in order to avoid arrest. The management during the banlrupt's absence fell upon his wife and son, the latter of wbom bebaved most scandalously,forin a very short time after the fatber's departre the sock-in-trade was sold off, ana such of the goods as remained were crted off into obscure lodgings, again removed, and ultimately sold at a ruinous sacrifice 'by a Mr. Burton, an auctioneer. Through the promptitude of the asdgnees, however, some of the pro perty had been recovered,and Mr. Burtoh had given up everything he held upon payment of the moneys he had advanced. The absence of trade and cashbooks was much commented upon by the assignees, who said the bankrupt ought to have learnt wisdom from his former failure. The immense expenditure, which entirely threw into shade the meagre profits, was also brought to the notice of the court. Mr. LAWBANOR admitted that he felt the case was not one In which he couldask for an immediate certificate but he trusted that protection would not be refused. The Xnk rupt'sgreat faulthadbeenIn leaving the business to the tender mercies of his wvife and son, but it was hard that he should he made to suffer for the errors committed by the The Co issoun, in giving judgment, said it was quito clear the bankrupt was liablo for the acts of his agents, but he did not think anything had been proved to brin him within the penal clauses. The case, however, was as had a one as he had seen for some time. Instead of the bankrupt becoming wiser by his former difficulties, he had become more irregular. The conduct of the son had been most scandalous, and if he pursued in trade the course he had followed up to the present time speedy ruin would doubtless ensue. If he had not been a minor he (the Commissioner) would have directed au action toe be brought against him by the assignees. The certificat (third class) would be suspended for 12 months, but, as no absolute fraud had been proved, protection would be granted.
THE ISLAND OF PERIM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the Independance Bdge of the 28th ult. a report is mentioned to the effect that M. Prokesoh, the Austrian Interncnno at Constantinople, had proposed to the Powers to send to the English Government a colective note on its occupation of the Island of Perim. The Ottoman Porte has aheady mLde its protest, which has been disregarded, as it d,,enrrod Parliament having ceased its sittings, It is right that the press should sh arpen that surveilance oTer our diplomacy which even during its session Par. liarnent seems to have resigned to it. Should the report mentioned above be true,-and it is far from improbable,-it wil furnish a valuable commentary on the wisdom of tbe late Treaty of Paris, which not only admitted the Porte into the brotherhood of Christian nations, but also guaranteed the integrity of its dominions. I havo not been able to learn that the guarantee was attached to any authenticated map of the dominions thns secured, but, unless it were so, our diplomatists would seem to have been even more than usually in the dark when they signed the treaty. One thing is clear,-that If the Turks are to be allowed to invoke this guarantee not only in defence of all they occupied at the time of its signa ture, but also for all the lands which they have handoned or lost, and of course still lay claim to, the " Eastern difficulty, n far from being terminated, is only just beginning. The Porte claims the wholo o[ Abyssinia and Yemen, and I am not sure that it has ever formally renounced Siebenbergon, any more than Algiers The same right which it has to Perim is equally valhi against England in Aden, more so, indeed, for Aden once had a Turkish garrison, while in the memory of history Perim seems never to have been held by one. Montesqulen truly wrote thAt "of all people the Turks are the most proper to possess a great empire wvithout utility to themselves or to others." The Treaty of Paris has in no degree altered their capacity in this respect. The Turks are in possession of Messawah, a small island on the ooast of Abyssinia. It has long served them, and still serves, only as the entrepOt whence they import slaves into the Hedjaz. Messawah lies at the mercy of the Abyssia.iu ruler, who has abolished slavery in his dominions, and he bas long threatened to take possession of it. Should he do so, are we pledged to restore it to the Turks? The bostanswer tothe protest, if it be made, wond be the immediate seizure of Jidda. Valid reasons, not pretexts, are at hand to justify this step, in the unsatisfied claims of British subjocts on the Government of that province. We have seen, both in the English and Indian press, au inclination to ascribe the present mutiny in India to Russe&n intrigues It is much more probably due to Turkish lies working upon Mahomedan fanaticism. The only plaee where Indian Mabomedans see Europeans in contact wvith Turks is in Jidda, and there the position of the two Christian Consuls is so unworthy of tho great countries they represent that we cannot be surprised if the vauntings so loudly indulged in, of the subjection of all Christian Princes to the Sultan of Constantinople, seem credible. It is probable that the Indian Mahomedaus looked to the victorious Sultan of the Turks for assistance against their infidel masters, rather thAn to the Czar of Muscovy. The Turks bave gained In the far east almost as much prestige by the last war as they have lost in the estimation of all tho Europeans who have come in oontact with them. Let us hope that Perim will neither be abandoned nor paid for to the Turks. When we took it it did not belong to them. In our hands it may become a station of the greatest importanoe; given to them, it wil Oontinue a baren and uninhabited rock. We must, however, give X. Prokesch credit, supposing the report to be vwell founded, for showing England so plainly the gratitudo sbe may expect from Austria for fighting her battle-for it is her battle-in the Principalities. WANDERM
[Advertisoment4wyld's Now Maps of Ind.L-Inds.- * sd New MaD o India, with SU the CI,1 and UiWti 8tattonN Madesof D stanos,k: k aI betI, inesae. I.. India : aowizs the Post ROad. Dawk St., and BIllways: MO soot. e. . in eae. fa. Gd. India and tbe BUarnan EpIm o g10e. 3L.; tn case, ''. IlAi: 01, IL oj tD cYe, 2& J= Wyl apb r to thebQeon ci .ri s east. eNPorite brh i, tnxt doo Io %e Advertisenient.}-" Autobiognaphy of Liotfullih, a Ma- .ht medrn Gntomfnt and hi. t.anction. writh hbenuluom-IReate iumepotred wthb randark oD tho habits. cof-tO he, and chSra cov zete ofeol wirom boom be hp d to deai," edltl1' by . X. . . .A. Pt.8 an o fAi poetnSgea. mrlost. c db oA-f thnkyon ,ini etmblaniheKtao Wo ha-a roof your hook it h wondor bnd delfrh ...,very o ie . in wll tls In itD lb lo toatoe o oftt hiAeertsrdirg ot the Indian iIusnxectlon."-Athcnaiu.m. * R4ad fift boluld of trutel a'd a towand Iuntaotlni or the Orignta r, ld youb ll not got the rlevo,rof Idstern igfe and thought or tbe ort oo lb romrnce to meretwty no in Lfeaulnlgt '. ho. . . oo o. hs ui.pleaad real-a phxotograph of seiocal India."-lader . Inrirnotim andoew ertaining and mo t o editasblo to ito a cthor."-8otinds. coor. "oTbe hook ii r t enron. It ber. be tron t to-mbAinos to ' Oil Ba' of anthing - e hamf everMrea ofpectator "Rvery one the h Interested in tho predent statr ot rm te in India shoold read Lletfnllah's osr a-un ot ofhineell axnd hieipopkt Globe. Tbhis ltber reshest and moe t oriGork thatit hd tbeoon utr eood fortune to meet rith fora eoug time.,o . . It on un a new vein, and inanet wle eoniabod to fndhowviha vein itis *-Eoonomlast. London. fimit. EBder. anrt Oe.. 65. lrobrliL. [Advertiaement.]-lndia. -Stanford's Map od India, bated neon the msursy exettedI b oeder ot the Hor. the Zaat India Goinpny, the seia tsDaps of the 8n.teyo-ensL. and other *uthoUrites showing the latest terdiorial ac Uotoln ofthielBdtUlsh the independent anad prtce HIste, the raIlways canals mlltaz stations h. toetlorrwith aoontlasticm ofthbe Britial TSrs-aw-e^ Florlnsot udmexhihlnbiatane ad heaings fro Ibe xbre pechy otBenal, Xars, aa Boombay. O«t wo 1ag sheets. once 5k. G. pnounteS Is ease Its. Ala. the is of iS a psceit,'so nwi'anoffllliso is .~frsu;'bet and I.
IOBDS KENYON, BLLRNBOROlGH, AND TENTERPD.LN.* (Concluded from The Timne of Sept. -.) I Though we have abstained fromu making ina 'remarks on these biographies, in considorateon of the valuable personal reminiscencee *vith which they abound, and of the entertaitment which they very legitimately afford, neither we nor our readers can be insensible to the fau',t which pervades them throughout) and which is too conspicuous to escape censure. A dispartging tone towards his great predecessors is so freo uent on the part of Lord Campbell that we cow.e to regard it as a confirmed tendency of his mind, which counterbalances the praise that wi,uld be otherwise his due for abstaining fr'.,m superfluous tenderness for their memories. His candour is not only greater than his conside.rateness, but it so often passes into cavils and innlendoes as to ahow an impartial proneness to dttraction which Is quite as mischievotus as the indulgence of particular antipathies. iN'o one,pevhaps,v,wold accuseLordCampbell of intentional undairness, yet *' degrading anec-dotes," as they have been tmmed, form too large an element in the view presented to the reader's mind -of the subjects of these biographies, and the fact of their prominencc. evidently implies an indisposition to sift them, to free them from errors and exaggerations, aue a readiness to repeat them, whether true or apocryphaL Many of the stories in the first two *of these lives 'have the recognized ring of the circuit currency, anat appear as touched up and edited for the entertainment of the bar mess or the back benches at lNisi Prius. Therefore, although in the majority of cawes w., have no longer any means of assaying this species of coinage, we may nevertheless hint & doubt as to its composition even in these, while as Lord Campbell comes within the range of ordinary iecollections we have the means of testing a few of his specimens, and of nailing them to the counter as unn-istakeably spurious. The last life in this series alone offers some facilities in this respect, to which we shall refer ina due course-a life, be it obaerved, which Lord Campbell approaches at the outset in a disparaging tone with the remark that " the subject of this memoir seems to offer an. unpromising task to the biographer." " Yet" he adds that " Lord Tenterden'a career might be made most interestinig by a writer who does not depend oa wonder-stirring vicissitudes." The inference is rhat if he himself foind the task uncongenial, or failed to make the performance interesting, he Is open to the charge of dependence on the elements he assumes to desptise. Hoow far this charge affects him is, perhaps, not very important, and ha(l better be left to individual readers, who without our assistance can form their own opinion of the elements which make his works agreeable to themselves. ; At aU events, the single vicissitude or contrast of a great elevation from a very hunible origin is made the most of, from first to last, in the case of Lord Tenterden. " The sculbby littlo boy," as Lord Campbell calls him, " who ran after his father, carryinig for him a pewter basin, a case of razors, and a hair powder-barg through the streets of Canterbury, became Chief Justice of England, was installed among the Peers of the United K(ingdom, attended by the whole profession of the law, proud of himl as their leader ; and when the names of orators and statesmen illustrious in their day have perished with their frothy dleclamationis Lord Tenterden wiU be respected as a great magistrate, and his judgments will be studied and admired." By what appears a strained predilection for " vicissitudes" we are again transported from this proemium back to the barber's shop at Canterbury. An essay on the barbor's art aud opportunities, with anecdotes of Dick Dauby of the Temple, is made the prelude of the intimation that " Abbott, hairdresser, "was" a very decent, well-behavedman, much respected in his neighb)ourhooid ;" that together with his spouse he justified the statement in Lord Teaterden's epitaph- *Patre vero prudonti, matre phl ortuos and that he did his best with decent humility to obtain for his son a good education. This education, in the first instance, young Abbott owed to the King's School in Canterbury Cathedral, of wlhiclh he became the captain, and -where he so distinguishied himnself that the trustees of the school caine to a special vote to send him as an exhibitioner to the Luiversity of Oxford. This assistance, it should be added, he afterwards repaid from hlis private purse, by opening it to thu saiLLe trustees in a similar exigency. W hile he was at Cantterbiury school " his mnaster," it is said, " ,proud of his proficiency, showed his verses to aU the clergy of the neighbourhiood, and to others whom he cotld prevail upon to read them or to hear them recited, boasting that the son of the Canterbury barber was qulalified to carry off a classical prize froum any aristocratic versitier at Westminster, Winchester, or Eton." 'This statement is not very consistent with that two pages earlier, that " he was long considered a Judu11l Iad ;" btit it is nearer the truth than Lord Campbell's fir-st thoughtless disparagemnent of his capacities, and it is certainly more consistent with the remarkable honours which it is well known he afterwvards obtained at Oxford. The Class List wvas not established til the commencement of this century, aud yolng Abbott took his B.A. in 1785. Consequently, as Lord Campbell phrases it, "there being yet no fi ipos," young Abbott was obliged to content himself with all the honours which were open to himn. Ile had gained a scholaship at Corpus after lie had been a week in Oxford, and he gained in 1784 the Latin prize poem, subject, Gl,lms a;`rostati'-',s ;" and in 1,8S6, not 1,785, the EngiL-sI prize essay, subject, The Use nomd Abuse of ,S(ti, -that is to say, as the Latin ossay and English poem were as yet unkiiown, he gainedl all he could gain. So futile is the charge of (Itiliess. lie ultimately became," as Lord Campbell admits, " the finest classical scholar aud the very best lawyer of his generation in England ;" so that the sanme dulness wbhicl Lord Campbell imputes to him, not only in boyhood, but in later life, could only have been in the first place such deniureness and hiunility as are graceful in youth, and in riper age such confirnied modesty and reserve as are liot incons.stont with the highest capacities and attainments. WVe must not forget in estiniatiug his character that he lost his father vhile at the hLUniversity ; that his mother thus became in a measure dependenit on his assistance; that he Wmas oblied in consequence to decline an advantageous offer togo as tutor to a rich gentle. man of Virginia; that his small means, as we gather, were straitened by the performance of his filial dlties ; that he wvas obliged to dress plainly, to furc_o the enijoymzenit of society, and to snistain himself hardly, yet becomingly, on his limited resources. With these cii-cumlstances clouding even his early siccesses and his aspirations on the threshold of life we can easily account for a gravity of demeanoir, a resirned equanimity which his contcmporaries niight mistake, but which Lord Campbell had no good reason to confound wvith dlulnleZs wvhen he himself mentions other circumstances to contradict this description. The list practical result of young Abbott's efforts was his election as Fellow and his appointment as junior tutor of his College. He was already destiued for the Churchl, when he was invited to lbecome tutor to the son of Mr. Justice 3Lnller. This coinexior. was happily formed, as it introduced him to the judoe, vho soon discovered mtenectnj power andpcslia fitnsscovre his - iltelenetuial po'wers anid peciiliar fitness for; law"-a proof, we shoul.l sav, that his dulness must have been somewhat superiicial, it without legal acqluisitions of any kind his qualifications were so patent. Mr. .Justice [Buller, therefore, strongly advised him to change his profession, and cited to him a profane case in the Y(Yl' Book(&s, in which the Court laid down that " it is actionable to say of an atto)rney that he is a damned fool, for this is saying he is unfit for the pro- fession by which he lives; but nifcr of a parson, Paem ce 'j-e on l res t us-r bosm p.m rI et d1-d fool." le told him, moreover, that, thouth he might not possess the gal-iulity called eloquience, he might cotnt on becoiming a puisne judge, and, in short, inflauied the amrnition of the young college tutor so effectually that he appropriated the small means he had accumuilated to acquiring the preliminary status and professional edhucation. On the 16th of November, 17I87, Abbott was admitted a student of the Mliddle Temple. lie spent a vepr in a pleader's office; he attended for several months an attorney's office to learn the course of practice there, and in a year or so be started as a pleader himself. A sufficiency of business came to him in this capacity; he performed it well, and the clients who came to him once never, it is said, forsook him. Seven years he continued to practise as a pleader until he had reached the age of 33. By his pupils ' lhte LiV.s of the Chief Justices of Engqand from the Norman Conqucst til :ihe dcath of Lord Tcntrdrn. By John, ;,ord Cauw1bel- &c. YoI, 3, Mturray, Lon4on, 1857, and his business ho was then making upw.Ap- of 1,%0 l. a-year, when he took the hazard, us leap ana was called to the bar in 1796. Fe o went the Oxford Circuit, and Lord Campbell, v' aojoined that circuit about 14 years later, found. ",im with a junior brief in every cause tried at every asasize town * and, though his less fortunate riv2ls attributed his 8Uccess to a certain influential attorney named Price, Lord Campbell admits that his preference to his rivals might be accowuted for on better grounds. He must have got a0. once into nisi prius practice from a story Lord Campbell tells of the sensation Which an accidental fall from his gig occasioned among his contemporaries, who, on hearing thaw he had fractured his skuU or was drowned in the Wye inferred,anad,LordCampbell suggests, even chuckled over, the unexpected prospect of an opening for 3uniors. ln this very story, however, we have an ilUAstrakion of the loose and inaccurate statements which the readers of Lord Caumpbell must carefully guard against. The circumstance is not very material, but Lord Campbell makes a point of it, that Abbott encountered' his accident-which, though severe, fell short of the circuit rumour-by riding in a gig, when the other counsel used to journey on horseback, inasmuch as " he refused to cross the most sedate horses which were offered to him from the certain knowledge that he must be spilt." A few pages before the same informnation is given with greater emphasis, and it is stated " as a ctrious fact that he never once was on borseback during the whole course of his life." Philip Williams is cited, who told Lord Campbell (here is one of the circuit stories which he warned his readers to guard against) that when in the declining state of his health, shortly before his death, Abbott was strongly recommended to try horse exercise, he objected " that he should certainly fall off like an ill-balanced sack of corn, as he had never crossed a horse any more than a rhinoceros, and that he had become too stiff and feeble to begin a course of cavaliering." Now, our readers must assume that we are warranted in making this statement when we assure them on good authority that these assertions are not only untrue, but that, during the long vacation at Oxford young Abbott had visited the houses of cointry gentlemen, and ridden his hosts' horses. Before he was called to the bar, and while he was making 1,0001. a-year as a pleader, he kept a horse of his own, and rode journeys of some length upon it; and at a later period, when he had grown stout, he resumed the exercise in Sussex, a friend having lent him a favourite animal. So hazardous is it for Lord Campbell or his readers to rely on stories of this sort, the productions of professed jokers, and which, though immaterial, can be thus directly contradicted. With respect to the suggested satisfaction of the Bar at the supposed result, it may not be out of place to mention a slight exhibition of benignity which was elicited from a brother barrister by this very accident. Abbott, who, with other injuries, had sustained a compound fracture of the leg, lived at that date in Queen-square, and in an adjoining street (Ormond-street) resided Garrow the eminent counsel, whom Lord Campbell in his description of Lord Kenyon has referred to as " the tame tiger." Though Garrow was not a personal friend of his junior, a few days before the commencement of the following Michelmas termr with exemplary tameness he called on his afflicted neighbour, and, in the kindest terms inti| mating that it was his constant habit to go and return in his carriage from Westminster-hall, added, "IPermit me to call for you, Mr. Abbott, and do me the favour to be my daily companion." Abbott was enabled in a few weeks to return to business, though his constitution suffered from the shock and from the consequent inability to take exercise. At this time, though flourishing on circuit, he had not established his reputation in town, and with this view, in spite of the sneers of Lord Ellenborough at book-writing lawyers, by the advice of Sir Jobn Scott, who had become his avowed friend, he composed and published his notable treatise On MIercdant Ships and Seamen. So superior was this to the ordinary class of I ;al monographs that Lord Campbell says Abboi.. in this redeemed the character of his profession. Instead of shaking up a set of decisions in a bag, drawing them out blindfold, and making a chapter of each handful, connecting the paragraphs at random with conjunctives or disjunctives (" and," " so," "but," "nevertheless"), a style of legal bookmaking in vogue to this day, and which Lord Campbell very properly characterizes and condemns, " he made an entirely new and masterly analysis of his subject; he dividod it In6icallv and lucidly 1- laidl flnw his propositions with precision; he supported them by jtust reasoning, and he fortified them with the dict(e and determinations of jurists and judges methodically arranged. His style, clear, simple, and idiomatic, was a beautiful specimen of genuine Anglicanism." AccordiDgly when the book came out, dedicated to Lord Chancellor Eldon, it was praised universally, and may be said to have made the fortune of its author. In the first edition, printed at New York, it was, however, ascribed to his distinguished namesake, "s the Right Hon. Charles Abbott, the Speaker of the House of Commons," who was complimented by the American editors for employing his time so usefully during the recess of Parliament. Upon the publication of this work the real author became counsel to the Treasury, to the Bank of England, and to a nuniber of other corporations and chartered companies, and, being known to be a zealous Churchman as well as a good ecclesiastical lawyer, he had a general retainer from most of the prelates and deans and chapters in England. In the year 1807 he made a return to the income-tax of 8,0261. 5s., nearly as much as Erskine in the plentitude of his glory. Yet, as a leader, Lord Campbell charges him with timidity, and an inability to struggle with his consciousness of wellfounded objections. His sensitive conscientiousness as a man, or his lucid perceptions of the bearings of an argument, absolutely detracted from his professional efficiency. Lord Campbell taxes him also with too deferential an attitude towards the judges, and with a want of confidence in himself. In 1808, however, wvhen Alr. Justice Lawvrence differed from Lord Ellenborough, and retired into the Common Pleas, a puisne judgeship was offered to him, but declined on account of the diminution of income which the elevation would have oceasioned hin; but this he regretted afterwards during a temporary despondency from ill-health. At this time Lord Campbellsays:- " While in court upon the circuits he betrayed a languor which showed that he vas sick of it; but in society, and in travelling from assizo town to assize town, be was lively and agreeable. No one relished a good dinner more, although heinever was guilty of any excess. He stll filled the oilice of Attorney-General in the Grand Circuit Court held at Monmoutli, which I regularly opened as crier, holding the poker instead Of a whte wand ; and, being so deeply versed in all legal foris, he brought forward his mock charges against the delinquents whom he proseouted with much solemnity and burlesque effect-so as for the moment to induce a belief that, notwitbstanding his habitual gravity, Nature intended him for a wag.`' So early as the year 1 795 (our own late mention of the fact coincides with Lord Campbell's) he had married a young lady to whom he was stron,gly attached, and to whom, in the midst of declarations, cdemurrers, and surrebutters, " he drew and settled" (so runs Lord Campbell's phrase) " The Answer of a Lockof Hairto the Inquiries of its former Mistress." Of this gallant effasion Lord Campbell gives two or three of the stanzas, or, as he cotnsistently calls them, " ounts," as an amatory precedent. There is an anecdote told ahout his proposal to the lady's father, in which Lord Campbell, however, loses some of the points of the conversation. W Vhen asked by the old gentleman what means he had to maintain a wife, his answer was, "The books in this rocm, and two pupils it til ne.xt." His affection for his wife and the domestic happiness of his home are, however, justly commemorated. In 18iG, his health still apparently declining, he was disappointed for a time by the elevation of Mr. James Allan park to replace Mr. Justice Chambre, but another vacancy in the Common Pleas soon after arising from the sudden death of Mr. Justice Ieath, Mr. Abbott wasnamed to succeed him. He then modestly adopted the same motto which he had taken at first, "Labore," and by which he had guided his honourable career. "The great object of his desire and ambition," as he said in a letter to a friend, " was now attained; it has been attained at a time when I had begun to be solicitous about it, as welI on aewtmat of my advancing age as of a complaint that hns for s'n,ae months affected my eyelids and made readi-.sg by candlelight very inconvenient." It was a further and a natural sub. ject for congratulatKon that he was to go the Home Circuit, which he would not have another opportunity of doing for many years. There he would meet his old friends, and those who remembered the earlier sfSatwls out of which, by a toil on which he fairly prided himself, he had risen to judicial dignity. Ee &at for a very short time as Judge in the Comnon Pleas, when he was removed to the King's Beunch-a harder but more honourable seat. The reason of his removal was that Lord Eldon wished to make a judge of Burrough, who, from age and defects, was not producible in the King's Bench, but might pass niuster in the Common Pleas. In Abbott's own diary he states that at first he refused, but Lord Ellenborough pressed him to agree. " Upon this I went to Lord Chief Justice Gibbs at his house at Hayes, in Kent, to consult him. I spoke of the state of my eyes. He said, ' If a higher situation were offered to you, would you refuse it on that account' I answered, 'I should not think myself justified towards my family in doing so, but my own ambition is quite satisfied (as, in truth, it was).' He replied, ' Then you must not let that excuse prevent your removal.'" And accordingly Mr. Justice Abbott toek his seat in the Court of King's Bench, of which two years and a-half after he was to become the chief. At first those who were prepared to admire him wore disappointed, but before the expiration of his second year in this court he gave, says Lord Campbell, " decided proof of the highest judicial excellence." During the Long Vacation of 1816 Lord Campbell saw much of him at Bognor, in Sussex, and in their walks together his biographer was impressed with admiration for his literary culture and resources. Tn the auitumn of 1818 Lord Ellenborough had a paralytic seizure, and there was a great excitement m the legal world as to his probable successor. Sir Samuel Shepherd, the Attorney-General, was too deaf to hold the office witli propriety, and Sir Vicary Gibbs was dying. Lord 11enborough recommended Mr. Serjeant Lens, but the Lord Chancellor was authorized to propose the office to Mr. Justice Abbott, at the same time acquainting him that it was not the intention of his Royal Bighness the Prince Regent to confer a peerage upon the person who should take the office, whoever he might be. Under him the King's Bench. says Lord Campbell, " became the beau ideal of a Court of justice ;" and, checking his tendency, as he does generally when law is in question, and in remembrance of " the happiest part of his life as an advocate," Lord Campbell goes on to say of Abbott, C.J., assisted by his puisnes, Littledale, Bayley, and Holroyd,- "Before such men there was no pretence for being lengthy or importunate. Every point made by counsel was understood in a moment; the application of every authority was discovered at a glance; the counsel saw v,hen he might sit down, his case being safe, and when he might sit down, all chance of success for his client being at an end. I have practised at the bar when no case was secure, no case was desperate, and when, good points being overruled, for the sake of justice it was necessary that bhad points should be taken; but during that golden age law and reasan prevailed-the result was confidently anticipated by the knowing before the argunment began, and the judgment was approved by all who heard it pronounced, including the vanquished party. Before such a tribunal the aedvocate becomes dearer to himself by preserving his own esteem, and feels himself to be a minister of justice, instead of a declaimer, a trickster, or a bully. I do not believe that so much important business was ever done so rapidly and so well before any o-ber Conrt that ever sate in any age or country. " Although the pusWes deserve all the praise that Ihave ubesowed upon them, yet the principal merit is, no doubt, due to Abbott, and no one of them could have played his part so welL He had more knowledge of mankind than any of them, and he was more skilful as a moderator in forensic disputation. He was not only ever anxions, for his owa credit, that the business of the Court should be despatched, but he had a genuine love of law and of justice, which made him constantly solicitous that every case should be decided properly. His pasty face became Irradiated and his dim eye sparkled if a new and important question of law was raised, and he took more interest in its decision than the counsel whose fame dopended upon the result. Though a most faithful trustee of the public time-insomuch thathe thought any waste of it was a crime and a sin -he showed no marks of impatience, however long an examination or a speech might be, if he really believed that it assisted in the investigation of truth, and might properly n'uence the jury in coming to a right verdict." When Lord Campbell states that his dim eye sparkled at a point of law he might have added, had it been known to him, a pleasing and appropriate anecdote. WVhen the following question was mooted at a dinner party,-in what, according to the opinion of each present. "-'- '^ ^' i-1-"-'--. .tuurn livimg expressed their notions, Lord Teuterdon observed, " At my age and in my office I can have few pleasures, but I have tvo-the first is hearing a young lawyer named Foliett argue points of law; the second is playing a rubber of whist with old friends." Lord Campbell, however, proceeds to state that the Chief Justice was sometimes peevish and irritable, and that he fell under the dominion of Sir James Scarlett. However, he goes on to analyze very clearly, and, we doubt not, justly, his judicial qualifications, and to canvass tome of his principal decisions, concluding that "as a great magistrate he e2cites almost unmixed admiration and respect." Thereupon we come unexpectedly to the phrases which sound so singular in themouth of Lord Campbell, in which he speaks of "his degradation to the peerage" as an incident unsuited to his judicial pretensions, and as " exposing him to some censure," though " it was no Jault of his." As to the mode in which the peerage was conferred it was most honourable to the recipient, for Canning having proposed to George IV. to bestow this dignity upon Sir John Copley and Mr. Plunket, the King replied, " I will make no legal peers till that honour has been offered to my Chief Justice of the King's Bench." It was not till the (5th year of his age that he was thus elevated to the House of Lords as Lord Tenterden, and no man, therefore, ever entered more thoroughly independent. As a reward for judicil eminence it would be singular indeed if hord Campbell, with the power of transmitting two distinct baronies to his successors, should begrudge a moiety of that privilege to " the great magistrate" who preceded him. Probably all that his Lordship means by these strange expressions is contained in his observation that the Chief Justice " by no meaus added to his permanent fame" by becoming a political character. This may be a matter for disc'ission where opinions maay fairly differ, but it certainly does not warrant such censorious and exaggerated language. When the Chief Justice proceeded to take his seat in the House of Lords he was greetedvwith a remarkable ovation from the members of the bar, who followed him in unusual numbers from the King's Bench to the room of the Earl MarshaL In the House itself, " we all," savs Lord Campbell, " stood under the Bar,and the space being too small for us, such a serried conglomeration of wigs never was seen before or since." Thus his elevation was cordially hailed by the members of his own profession, while the political coiurse he adopted was consistent with his principles, and can only be impugued in common with that of half the politicians of his time. He opposed as far as he could the repeal of the Corporation and Test A cts; he succeeded in excluding Jews from municipal corporations; he opposed the Catholic Relief Bill, Lord Campbell's Anatomy Bill, and the Reform Bills of 1831-2. Tn fact, the latter was the occasion of the last speech 'he delivered in Parliament, which speech concluded with his well-known vow, " Never, never, my Lords, shall I enter the doors of this House after it has become the phantom of its departed greatness." There can thus be no doubt whatever as to his political complexion, or as to the persistency with which he stro-ve to maintain his opinions; but it is not correct to characterize his specches in Lord Campbell's phrase- ology, as " distinguished by flatness and absurdity," when that against the Catholic Relief Bill was generaBy considered one of the most able delivered in opposition to that measure. His vaticinations in political matters may in many instances have proved unfounded, but his efforts as a legislator were not confined to such topica. On the contrary, it should be remembered that, unElke Eldon and Kenyon, he was a legal reformer, that his measures respecting Prescription and Tithes passed as he framed them, and, skilful or not, have remained a substantial part of the law of England. Such results before he retired from his duties as a legislator must prevent our concurrence in Lord Campbell's conclusion that his legislative career was an absurdity and a degradation. When he retired from the House mistaken but sincerely convinced that the House and the country were doomed to destruction this conviction aggravated the disorders by which his frame was now afflicted. Shortly afterwards he went his last circuit, notwitbstanding the annoyance of a violent cough and other alarming symptoms. Then he went fv a khort time to Leaington, and thence to 44 7 Before the public he was always afraid of approaching a jest lest his dignitY miglht suffer, and in his book on Shipping h= would not, without an apology, even introduce a translaion of a passage from a foreign writer which might cause a smile:-" If mice eat the cargo, and thereby occa. sion no emall damage to the mercbant, the master must make good the loss, bec ause he is guilty of a fault; yet if he had cats on board he shall be excused (Eoccus, 58). The rule and exception, although bearing somewhat of a ludierou.s air, fpish a good illustration of the general priu- snat o.t Heeldon, where he spent the Long Vacation ia a despondency which he relieved by hls usual solace of Latin versification. His last appearance in court was on the oocasion of the prosecution of the Mayorof Bristol, in l832-a memorable case arising out of the Reform Bill riots in that city. On the evening of the |second day of this trial he went home very ill and took to his bed, from which he never again rose. Be was buried by his own directions in the vaults of the Foundling Hospital, of which he had been a governor. His inscription, written by himself, Lord Campbell has been already charged in our own columns with quoting imperfectly. At the same time he quotes also in a spirit of fairness, which seems to show that where he errs he errs undesignedly the sketches of Lord Tenterden by Lord Broughamand Mr. Justice Talfourd, both of whom insist urgently on hls eminent judicial virtnes. Also he narrates an occurrence by which "Lord Tentenden is placed in a very amiable point of view by Macready. the celebrated tragedian, in a lecture !which he delivered te mechanics' inreitue safter he had retired from the stage, and which he published with several others possessing great interest. The lectarer gives an account of a visit paid byhim to Canterbury Cathedral, under the auspicesof a verger, who, by reading aud obeervation, had acquired wonderful knowledge of architecture and medisnval antiquities. Having introduced ns to his guide, the extragedian thus proceeds:-'He directed my attention to everything worthy of notice; pointed ont with the detective eyeof taste thermorerecondite excellence of artthroughout the building, and with convincing accuracy shed light on the historical traditions associated with it. It was opposite the western front that he stood with me before what seemed the site of a smaU sbed or stall, then unoccupied, and said, " Upon this spot a littlo barber's shop used to stand. The last time Lord Tenterden came down here he bronght his son Charles with him, and it was my duty, of course, to attend them over the cathedraL When we came to this side of it he led his eon up to this very spot, and said to hin, Charles, you see this little shop; I have brought you here on purpose to show it to you. In that shop your grandfather used to sba%e for a penny! That is the proudest reflection of my life! While yon live never forgot that, my dear Charles.'" And this man, the son of a poor barber, was the Lord Chief Justice of England. For the very reason, therefore, that the chanees of such great sucoess are rare,. we should surely spare no pains in improving the condition of all whom accident may depress or fortuno may not befriend.'" We must not conclude this series of notices without thanking Lord Campbell for the excellent index which he has appended to his work, and which is a faithful vindication of the views avowed in his preface. With respect to himself and these final subjects of his biographic labou.s, we can only add, What a common encouragement they afford to hearty labour and resolute perseverance ! The rugged Kenyon, the robust Ellenborough, the accoimp]ished Tenterden, and the astute Campbell, are aU coheritors of that aspiring blood which from time to time renews the ranks of the English aristocracy, and renders it popular by participating in its honours.
OUR STRENGTH AND OUR WORK IN INDIr. (From the Homarard Mail from India and Ci^rzaa.) The daily announcementaof the despatch of fresh reinforcements to India, the long list of transports for the conveyance of troops, the visits of great personages to the points of embarcation, the magnificence of the vessels, and the continued din and bustle of a great expedition, tend to convince every one that astonishing efforts are being made for the complete restoration of our power in India. People in authority are ready 'with trbnlar statements of the number and strength of the regiments prooeeding to India. It is remembered that there are already in that country so many Queen's troops, and so many in the servioe of the Company. The loyalty of the native armies of Bonbay and Madras is very jastly reckoned upon; and Sikhs, Ghoorkas, and many other new levies are ennmerated. In short, no one donbts that, under every possible contingency, and evea though the numbers and perfidy of the enemy may obtain for them some temporary success, our final triumph is not far distant. But it is thie duty of those who wish to arrive at the real truth, and ascertain the exact position of affairs, to discard all unnecessary details, and restrain a too snguine srt, which is, no doubt, valuable in the moment of action, but must be never suffered to iufluence our calculaticns. We wish on the present occaion to take a sober- not, indeed, a sombre -view of affairs, and of our disposable military strength as regards the crisis in India, and as much as possible to put ourselves in the position of a nhilit-y man whose task it might be to restore order out of the present chaos with the means now available. It appears, then, that there are of Her Majesty's troops in India, or proceeding thither, 8 regiments of cavalry, 45, of infantry, and 3 troops and 10 companies of artillery. Reckoning the infantry regiments at 900, the cavalry at 600 men each, and the artillery at 200 men a troop and 150 men a company, we havea total of 47,850 men-a great force truly. To these are to be added nine Company's regiments of European infantry, and 17 troops of horse and 48 companies of foot artillery, in round numbers20,000men,with afewhundredsoftunattachedofficers oelonging to revolted regiments, and a handftul of volunteers, forming a grand total of aboat 70,0'0 European soldiers. To this force must be added the native armies of Madras and Bombay, the Sikh -aMxiliMagR -Q 53ga?x^;r^my-*hich, lik-eth e 31t vnyt eansac Such a statemnent would pro- 11_even te remi tnh bably be qulte sufficient for a person without Indian expenience and unacquainted with military matters, and he would feel quite assured that even if India were in rebellion from Cape Comorin to Cashmere it would be easy to reconquer it. A moment's reflection, however, vill suffice to show the matter in a somewhatdifferent light. In considering how the vast region from Benares to Delhi, including Onde, Bundleonud, Agra, and Rohilound, now in rebellion,, is to be recovered, we must strike out of the account all the troops in the two minor presidencies-whether European or native -as well as those that garrison the Punjab. The Bombay army will have enough to do in preserving order within the limits of its own presidency, andin sending up reinforcements to Scinde and the Punjab, so as to keep a good front towards Affghanistan and Persia. Tho columns which bave moved on Mhow and Indore may also recover and hold those places. To expect further aid from the Bombay army would be unwise. The Madras army has also quite sufficient to occupy it within its ordinary limits, and in overawing Hyderabad and Nagpore and the bigoted Mahomedan population in other parts of the Madras Presidency. The troops already in Bengal are not even sufficent to garrison the principal points on the main lines of communication and hold the great cities. Cawnpore has fallen, and tho'igh General Havelock bas recovered it, and has probably been sufficiently reinforced to attempt the relief of Lucknow, the dilliculty of that undertaking cannot be disguised. The disciplinen troops of the enemy In Oude, even allowing for some reinforcements to Delhi, cannot be less than 20,000 men. There is, besides, a host of rabble very trorblesome on the lines of communication, and certain to cut offstragglers or weak detachments. Grart that General Havelock's column, strengthened perhaps to asoo men, can advance 53 miles in the face of such opposition, and reieTe the remains of the garrison at Lucknow, it is hardly to be thooight that hb could retain that ereat city of 300,00r3 inhabitants in a country the population of which is altogether hostile. He vill, therefore, either fall back on Allahabad and Benares till reinforcementU can airive from England, or attempt to make his way to Delhi, 266 miles, in the face of immensely superior numbers. This appears so difficult an operatiou, when the want of carriage, the rainy season, and other things are considered, that it Is possible no additional troops may be able to reach Agra, neerut, and Delhi before the regiments now on their way from England arrive at Calcutta-that is, the middle of November. It wll be admitted, then, that the position of our troops at the above place is most criticaL At Agra every third man has already been kiled or wounded, and there remain but 350 Europeans to defend the place. At Meerut our strength does not exceed 700. Our army before Delhi is, we fear, greatly overrated. General Reed has 5,000 native soldiers, two regiments of European cavalry, and about five regiments of infantry, reckoning the wing of Her Majesty's 61st and the six weak companies of the 2d Fusileers as one regiment. He has besides about 800 artillerymen. By Colonel Chester's letter of the 17th of May we find that, of the European infantry, the 75th and 1st and 2d Fusileers mustered together only 1.SW men even at UInballah before the fighting commenced. We know that up to the date of the last mail several hundred men had been killed or wounded, and. allovwing for deaths and non-eflectives from disease, and for casualties in the three subsequent sorties, we can hardly estimate onr entire force before Delhi as much above 10,000 men. There are probably donble this numnber of Sepoys in Delhi, and in rear of our army there is a great force of the enemy gathering. Computing the Gwalior Contingent at 10,000, and adding holkar's contingent, the Bhurtpore levies, and the mtotineers from Neemuch, Hansi, and other places, the rebelA will have at least 20,000 men to operate upon Agra and Meerut, and then to take ups position In rear of our besieglng army at Delhi It is right to look these facts in the face, and, in inquiring whether the 20,000 men now on the way from England can recon ocr the revolted provinces, we ought not so much to ask whether they are sufficient, but whether it is possible in any way to add to them. In this cruel and exterminating war, in which so many precious lives have been sacrificed, he that counsels half measures or any measure short of the utmost that can be done is an enemy to England, and deserves to be gibbeted to the execratIon of his countrymen. Why is the garrison of Malta not sent overland with hot haste, and its place taken by militia regiments or volunteers-who would not volunteer at such a moment? Why have Ministers positively refused to allow the Company to increase their European troeps ' Is this a time for party quarrels or squabbles about patronage ? Is India to be deprivod of new levies of Europeans because it is to be a question next session of Parliament vhat form the home goverment of India is to take? We trust the public will have their eyes upon the man who dares to trifle vwith the honour and dearest interests of the nation at such a crisis, and exact from him, in case of additional disasters, a severe account. CHAPTERS AND CANONRg.-The following is a return of the grants made by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for EnglAnd to certain clergymen who acted as substitutes for performing additional duties cast upon Abe sev-e ral chapters of England and Wales bythesucpension of canonries,-viz., in 15i6, at Glocester, to the Rev. C. G. Hutchinson, 9U4., for two months' service; atSouthwell, toArchdeacon Wilkins, U21.,for six months' service; in l857, atExeter, to Rev. E. C. Harisigton, 1861,, forsaix months' service; at Glocester, to Rev. C. G. Hutchinson. 1401L, for three months' service; at Norwich, to the Dean, 461., for one months' service, and the Rev. C. N. Wodehonse, 46L8, for the same service; at Rochester, to the Rev. R. W. Shaw, 461,, for one cuouth's service; at Southwell, to Archdeacon Wilkins, 1&'., for six montns' servioe; and at Worcester, to the same .PQP 1404, for three b'zservice,
RIdLWA Y IHTRZLIGEfCZ. T.AVr!AQUTPI2?. An TT% VnDcTa The half.ye% meeti- g held yesterday at MAn. hester, Mr. EL W. Wickham, LP, tho Ch.4r= oE the directors, prsiding. Aln abstract of the half-yearly report and statement of accounts hu already appeared in The Timcs. The CHAMMRaAN in moving the adoption of the report, was gad to be able to congratulate the shareholders on the inerease of traffic, which hbd arnounted to 40,665l. on the Lancashire and Yorkshire line proper. Of tbs sumn 25,6621. was in passegers and 13,6481 in good.. The increaso In goods had not come up to the expectations of the directors, but was nevertheless considerable; while the increase in passengers had been a most noticeable feature of the traffic since tho commencement of 1856, previoug to which there had been no Increase in this department dring several years During the Last half-year the increaso had been general over thewhole of this companY's linee aDdvery little of it was attributable to the Art Treasures Exhibition. The total increase in working expenses was 20,442!. (hear, 'hear), of which 4,0001. was expended in repair and mcintenance of locomotive stock, 2,1131.in the coaching department, 5,9591. in the merchandise department, 6,&391, in maintenance of the line, and 1,500L In law expenses incured in opposing the Blackburn Company's proposed extension to Ianchester, and the Great Nortbern Company's Doncaiter and Wakefield line, the opposition having been in both cases successfuL The increase in working expenses would have been much larger had not the strictest economy bcen exercised, and was attributable to the great increase of traffic. The saving in consumption of coke, oil, and tallow, as compared with 1852, was nearly 10,0001., while each locomotive was earning nearly one-third more than at that period.SinoeJanuary,1864, 484 miles of sidingshad been added at the different stations. The directors had offered to the Blackburn Company such terms as they considered highly advantageous to that company, in order to settle the dis- utes between them, but the offer had not been accepted. By an arrangement just concluded this company's payment to the Sheffield and Barnsley Company would in future he at the rate of 13,5001. pr annum. The arrangements for a lease of the Aire and Calder Canal by this company and the North-Eastern were on the point of completion, the measure being now of the more importance to this company, owing to the unhappy quarrel among some neighbouring companies. The directors would have been glad to defer the question of a new line from Oldham to Rochdale, but the inhabitants of the district were very pressing in the matter, and a survey had been ordered with a view to thn adoption of whatever route seemed most advantageous to the greatest amount of population. So far as experience had shown, there was every reason to be satisfied with the agreement with the East Lancashire Company, anctioned at the last half-yearly meeting. It was proposed in future to hold the half-yearly meetings of this company on the third Wednesday in February and the third Wednesday in August, and to make the dividends payable on the lt of March and the 1st of September. (Hear, hear.) Mr. STO&RT, the vice-chairman, seconded the motioe. The CHARmmAN, in reply to inquiries from a shareholder, said the great increase of traffic had rendered necessary a greater expenditure in renewals than was oontemplated some years ago. This might continue for two or three years longer it beingof the utmost importance that the line should be in first-rate working condition, but he did not ex. pect an increased outlay in any half-year as compared with te present. Mr. Horueny, XLP., as chairman of the Blackburn Company, felt it hls duty to protest against the directors' statement that their offer to his company had been advantageons to the latter. The Lancashire and Yorkshlre Company had not carried out their agreement with the Blackbarn, and they had entered into arrangements with the East IAncashire wLich they had no right to make without consent of the Blackburn, to which those arrangements were injurious. He should not be content with his line in its present depressed condition, and next, year sbould again prosecute, he hoped suocensfully, the apolication to Parliament for a new line from Bolton to Mlanchester. MIr. HARGREAVES, Mr. STUART, and Mr. FTzLDEN (directors) assured the shareholders that Mtr. Hornby was mistaken in his impression that the board of this company were not anxious to act fairly by the Blackburn Company. (Applause.) It wes trne that the agreement between the two companies had not quite answered Mr. Horuby's expectations, though the Blackburn traffic was at length improving, but the directors had offered full compensation for any injury that might have been unintentionally inflicted. Mir. TAVYTMoN, a director of the Blackburn Company, but largely interested in the Lancashire and Yorkshire, considered that it was a suicidal policy on the part of the directors to raun the risk of the threatened competing line from Bolton to Manchester. He contended, also, that this company had worked the Blackburn line not "a their own," ut "for their own." Mr. W. Evs?cs recommended that the dispute between the two companies should be referred to arbitration. This company had evidently not worked the Blackbnrn line as an integral portion of their system, as they were bound to do; and they should therefore seek by a peaceful settlement to avoid the retribution which must ultimately attend upon them as the wrrongdoers. The Cis..xasIs? said the termns proposed bv the Blackburn board were such as the shareholders of this company would certainly not sanction. It had been calculated that they would involve a loss to this company in six years of Mr. HoR\-By said it had been calculated, on the otber hand, by persons who were, perhaps, as well able to calculate as thcse acting for the Lancas ire and Yorkshiro Company that the loss at tho end of six years would be only 8L (A laugh-) The motion was then carried unanimously; as were also a resolution de ardividen d flSz kcyr able on the 15th inst., and a subsequent resoi ation, authorizin the directors to oppose all BiUs in Parliament proejdicI to the interests of the company. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman. FOREST OF DEAN CESNTRAI, The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Newuham on Monday, MIr. J. Teague presided. The directors in their report congratulate the shareholders upon the actual commencement of the works. They state that no hindrance to the vigorous prosecution of this railway can be reasonably feared, and it only romains for the shareholders to respond readily to the calls as they may from time to time be made to insure the rapid completica of this undertaking. It vill now be necessary that the caU of 21. per share due in April last should at once be answered by these sharebolders who have not already done so; and this, together with the amount now in hand, w.:l provide a balance sufEcient to meet the payments that must necessarily be made for some time to come. The sanction and support promised by the Office of Woods in respect of the lands in Dean Forest have been fully accorded. The neceasity of the line being speedily finished becomes day by day more apparent; the works on the course of the line now in progress will of themselves be sufficient to pay a handsome dividend immediately the line can be opened for traffic; and the rospective supply of minerals and other products of the distrct wiU realize the most sanguine expectations formed In respect of the value of the Forest of Dean Central Rafiway. The report was adopted, and the meeting separated. BORDER COTNTIES. The half-yearly meeting of this company wa3 hld at Hexham on Monday, Mr. I . EL Charlton in the chair. The report stated that the first section of the line was steadily progressing, and that thus far the cost had not exceeded the original estimate, and that the first portion would be open in November, by which time the Tyne bridge would be finisbed. The steps taken by the directors to extend the railway into Scotland had assumed a satisfactory aspect. The North British Company having determined to apply in the next session of Parliament for an Act authorizing the construction of a line to Carlisle, a junction could be effected with it by an extension of the Border Counties Railway. The CauIBMwi;, in moving the adoption of the report, said that the North British system ended at present at Havick, and their object was to get a communication to the south, and they found that communication could be very easily obtained throngh the valley of the Shtriz which joined the Teviot near Ha-ick, going up that valley and coming out there into the Toviot, tbence down the left bank of the Liddel, and effecting a junction with the Caledoulan at Rockeliffe, a few miles'north-west of Carlisle. It vould, of course, do away with any necessity for the Border Counties Company carrying their line to the north. They .should direct their attention to join the North British at the nearest polnt, which would be Riccarton Mill, and thus, instead of having to apply for a lne of 32 or 34 miles in length. with very great works upon it, they wrould only require a line of 13 miles, and, with one or two exoeptions, involvinz vworks of no t importance. The line would ascend the Tyne by the llUing; after they ot to the head of the waters of tho Tyne into those of the Liddl it would then effect a innction with the North British. This junction with the )orth British was sought with a view to mako the Border Counties a e ;rough line, and he at considerable length pointed out the advantages of the project to tho shareholders and the district. He had no doubt of opening the first section of their line in N ovember next The report was adopted, and by a unanimous vote of the meeting the directors were authorized to apply to Parl,amont in the ensuing session for powers to extend the line from BelUing to the proposed junction with the North British. Mr. C. W. laws was elected secretary in place of Mr. Milner, resigned, and the proceedings terminated. EDINBURGH AND GLASGOW. On Tues3dy the half-yearly meeting of this company was beld in Glasgow, Mr. P. Blackburn, M.P., in tho chair. Thereport, an &bstract of which has appeared In Tc Timce, vras held as read. The CHAMarLaar, in movingits adoption, congratulated the company on thefavouablestate of theiraffairs,in consequence of the reduction of expenses and the ic,rease of revenue. Be hoped the working expenses would not exceed the limit to which they had now got them, and that as traffic genorally increased in the country tbhir revenue would continue proportionately to increase. He hoped they wvere now getting to the ead of the expenditure, the worksbops t-d stations being completed so far as it was intcnded to carry them out. There remained 10,000t to be paid to the Helensburgh Company on the llth of nCxt month and another 10,0l. afterwds to bo paid, which would omplete the subcription. It would be wsen from the report that the most amicable relations existed betwe2n the Edinburh and Glasgow Company and their neighbours the Caledonian *-cd Sottish Central Companies. A aangementhad also been conuded with the Forth an d Cly2e Canal, so as to prevent soy inju:ri ou com petition on! the east and wrest coast;, which would come into tffect in January, and add considerably to the effct of theocompanv. Mlr. Dlm-Lor seconded the adoption of thc report and thse balanoe--heet. Mr. T. JATR-.0eo remairked tbat Lbe expense of cartago bore a very la2ge proportion to the ree ipts; at the same time he sna of opmfon that a better m ao of lifictfo. i4 the retrn thoul4 be adopited He wished to knowr If the amonat stA&te In the balanaheat As Owing to the oompany referred only to good debts. Anothor i' of account. reoceivable was a smm of 68,0001. to which ir reference was made, and he wished to know to what it ro-- Serred. e objected to the phaeology employed 1Q uthreport with reference to the Stirling and DanfernatineCom pany, and tbought that, considering th8 number of thoscL wrho held differeut viewrs trom the directors on that alubijeoe it asnot altogether coutous to term ltan *ttemptod' ags. The CEUIBA ' said, as to the heavy expenditure in, oartages referred to, it must be zeoullected that thb, whole business done was between two towns, Eo thst cartages were necessarily heavier than with a railwa hich delivered its goods by means of another line. Witregad t. the 68,0001., the great bulk of this was accountod for by th&. elim against the North Bdtish Comp ny for the station atl dinburgh. 73,000. had been sent in for this, but, a tbeyoould not expect to have everything their own way, it had been estimated at a lower amount; in the meantiren. he thought that, whatever amount might be received,. it would cover the largest portion of this 68,0001. With regard to the rurplus fund he stated that tbey had paid 48,0001. to tbe Stirling and Dunfermline Company, andthey had now further set Apart 22,0001. for the same purpose. The 8LO004 which was formerly paid, was paiJr vitbout dispute, but this 48,0001. they did dispute, and in the meantime it stood as a separate charge, to be pid out of the money set apart for that pu.pose. Tho report was then dopted unanimously, and a dlvldun&. at the rate of 3 per cent. per Annum was declared on thc ordinary stock, and of 6 per cent, per annum on the preference stock. It was ISO agreed to consolidate the Stirlingshire Midland Junction Railway paid-up shares into a general capital stockc. The much-disputed quesion at issue between the E-din. burgh and Glasgow and the Stirling and Dumfermlino Conmpaniee, as to whether the Act of Parliament imposed a, limit or not on the sum on which the former might bo called to pay interest, was then discussed. Mr. SWANWVICK, of Manchester, moved a resolution tothe effect th4t the Edinburgh and Glasgow Companyshouldc- in the decision of the oDurts of lavw. ac. rL PvTor, seconded this motion. MYr. HAMItPR movod s an amendment that tbo wholes mattershould be remitted to a committee, consisting of threo sharebolders and two directors, to meet vith a similar comrmittee on the part of the other company. On the vote being taken there votod 18 of those present for the amendment, And 15 against it. It was then agreed to adjourn the meeting for the purpose of maidng& up the votes by proxy as held by beth parties. Dr. COWAX~- proposed a motion to the effect that steps should be taken for an amalgamation between the two com- axs the most effecta mneans of putting a stop tO This motion was adjourned till next day. DUNDEE, PERTE, AND ABERDEEN JUNCTION- The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on. Saturday at Dundee, Lord Kinnaird in the chair. Tho report stated that tho receipts on the Dundee and Perth line during the half-year amounted to 23,7024, and the sarplus from the Dundee and Newtyle line to 4301E, maLing, with 8041., the balance front the last account, 24,9361- From thh89,535t,wasdeducted forwork-ing expenses. 5,131L forinterest on loans, and 1,0171. for rents, poor-rates, &c., mnaking together 15,6831., and leaving an available sum of 9,2531 Out of this the directors proposed 6,4591. for dlvidend on tho preference shares, And 2,7931 for dividend eM the ordinary shares, which, at the rato of 1I per cent. perannum, or 4 per cent, Above the dividend declared at hbe corresponding period of last year, left a balance of 1721The Average rate of interest on tho debenture debt appeared to be 41. 17s. per cent. The Cs uRM.ti, in moving the adoption of the report,. said he thought they ought to be satisfied with the graduaL progress of the traffic. There had been a considerble in. crease in the local traffic, although the general increaso had not been great; but they should b'ear in mind that, as the origina! capital of the company did not exceed 300,0001., any small increase of traffic, after paying the preferenoe charges, would go to increase the dividend of the original shareholders, Since the accounts had been closed the revenue had shown an increase of 1001. a-week over the correszponding period of the previous year. hlr. KE;IVIDY seconded the motion for the adoption of the report, which, after some opposition from Mr. HUNcrERs was carried. The dividends were declared, and the pro. ceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman. GREAT SOUTHERN AND WESTERPN. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held ia. Dublin on Saturday, Sir E. M'Donnell in the chair. The Secretary read the report, an abstract of which haz appeared in The Times. The Cr.A RNU-N, in moving the adoption of the report, said there was a Small increase in the total worling expenses of about 2,000, but that was accounted for by the fact of their havimg A larger outlay this year against revenue upon permanent works, in replacing wooden bridges, and other temporary works, by stone and iron structures. There was also an increase of 6004 in taxation. The decrease in the dividend arose from the falling off in the receipts for the carriage of troops, baggage, and stores, and also from a competition that had been forced upon them by the owners of the Grand Canal,and which he thought might be dispensed with or put an end to by proper arrangements. They had also opposltion existing in the early part of tho year vith the Waterford and Limerick Railway, bat an arrangement had been ooncluded to work at equal rates; and he trusted that the opposition which unfortunately existed between them and the Midland Company woould soon bo put an end to. He ws happy to say that the Ianow ana lermoy and the Athlone junction lines, for tho construction of Kn1ft A ~ ho'Frolicitru rig naely belongea to the company. The works on the lIoscrea and Parsonstow line had been delayed, bat he was assured by the engineer that it would be opened for traffic before November next. Mr. HArXGETO seconded tho motion for the adoption ot the roport. Mr. PERRY found on item in the general balance-sheet of 40,5261. for frauds oommitted by the late transfer clerk, and he wanted to know how they intended to dispose of it. Mr. W. HAUGctTON said every one knew that theamount of the frauds was to be charged to the general reserve fund, and, of oourse, that Item would stand on the faco of tho accounts until it wS wined off. Mr. PERRY believed there was only 30,411L to meet the fraud of 40,5261. Mr. HAcGaToyhadsd nothing about the suin now available to meet it, but the amount would eventaally bo met by sums set aside for the reserve fund. Mr. PERRY ontended that if the present falling off in tho traffic continued they would not be able to pay more than 4 per cent. The opposition in respect to the canal had orginated with the chairman and board of the Great Southern And Western Cowmpany, and not with the directors of the Midland Great Western Company. After some observations in reply to JUr. Perry, respecting the tralffc and other matters, Resolutions were passed adopting the report, doclaring the diviiend on the preferentil stuck, and also one at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum on the consolidated stock of the company. The retiring directors wero re-elected and the meeting separated. RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE. The half-yearly meeting of this company vas held yesterday at the offices Old Broad-street i r. J. Clay, ALP., in the chair. Mr. Vian, the secreta-v, read the report, which stated that the total amount of incomcreceived and due for the halfyear ending .30th of June last was S 555l., including 2,921L for premiums on railway assurance, andd 5,341. on goneral accident assurance. The total amnount of inconom in tho corresponding period of 1S56 was 5,9,71, showving an increase ot 43 per cent, for the half *year ending J.tune, 1 C5, . The actual receipts for uremiums of insurance amounted to 7, 551., which, added to baance from last account aind the intercst on investments, made l0,5.f.. to the credit of revenou. Tho disbursements, oomprisingthe usual working exponses, and 2,9411 a. oompensation, amounted to a,3631., leavng a balanco of 3,1931., which, with the aoount due fro n the clearing-house and agents, oompleted the sum of 4,(Wtkt1., from which the directors proposod tho payment of interest upon the paid-up capital at the rate of 4 per cent, per aznum, free of inoome-tax, tho balance being reEi-verv to meet the custory cbhrges and liabilities. In the serious accident on the North leat RalwaT, on the 28th of June last, but one gentleman holding a railway insuranoe ticket was injured, and that very slhhtly. Several claims bave, however, resulted from the numeroUS railway accidents that have since occurrod; among them, three from the accident near Retiord,on the 13th of August. Evoryclaim during the half-year had been settlod to the satisfaction of the assured vwithout disunte or litigation. A list of 115 accidents of all kinds ana the amounts of compensation paid during the half-year ending theo 30th of Juno last aro appended to the report. Thero were only 10 Claims on railway assurances, in respect of which 3461. wvas paid. The total amount paid as compenmtion for 27 fatal accidents and 71S cases of personal injury from the oommenoement to Jane, 1.57, was 25,6631 On the motion for the adoption of the Toport a discussiou ensued, in the course of which Mr. I SThEvizs recom- mended the directors to expend 3,0000. a-year, instead of 1,500 . in advertising. The report wa adopted and te meeting separated. TRAFFIC RETUR'NS. Mao$ Par- U er, T Totl, RzUi1 A3'9- ope u!en-m ceaadiIS. 157.M lls. Wook emdixn AuS. 16. WhItcharm eator. and E4Ceaont -- -. - .. - - 276 . . - Week endinc krr- 22. Edlnb=nwrsb and (ilaccew - 142 ..- ., - ,. 6.4:2 .. 6,3 SotUsh North Fast . 115 . - ., - . .S14 . - Wer}k eDdln A. 23. Great Northcr .. .. 2S. - ., - ., - . St- 2i.o; or Dev . . .. . 474 7. N Staffcrdr S - ,3 3 ,, _ , - , S, 237 - 3 Wek eadint Au2. 2 Rgf llam4m -- 65 l. - -- - -L2GI 313 ozak aaBendon -- --.. . o -- . - - 276 302 Oork, BLckrock. and Pse- "go . .. .. .. - ... -3 ... . o . 3 (ilaerow and 5ou,tb-Wet -n -7 - - -t r 4 7.M5 vae-tora Saud .,a .. -, , q, Week ending An5. 30. B t and OCMut D )ou - _- - ., 7C O5cr and nolyrbeadt .. - ' ' - - 6.1$3 G .522 great Luxembour.-g.3 8 ,, 5&g-- ,, ,41 UNl (irt Watcrn .. - . - - .-- k51121 . Vi: Ktendal and -.ASmmu - -- 3 MD .' 353 Icsdoz&DdNortb-W,t-n2 637 - - 7-C - G. =6Sr Ledoz DaSomth-Weein-n - - .3..532 - - .70 - 1.'2S I . i.tL= hMancbhsr. SbddI,d. 1nd Xnnelas?eElrse - 173* -- - -- 44 SL . h5North"odon .. 3 - - - - -- 2.573 2.WS it. Hea-. .. .. -.. - .. . 31 Lso2 ' The above Is eraltvdne of b-ai5e duoe nnmer agyeeent writh tb London an Nfortb-We*wt Ratw&v Oa.nyl. tIDelding tOe mulzotae of the tAbe Inib and of the Momcld CaM,arvo V,anc,bee. 1 This srtih docs act xreude the ln2d2b of the HQuddersimid Can%l, Eb.repzbWe n tl n , 1rweten and WI , BJoua,3 unction, ab Mjaebe tesr A BDxion 1tav" I Innltding balf the X'aems ncUnr. n,th Junctlin, ana AItenutiaa. reocipt Gzlasby Dck duties K. aud %akellO4 r9c3le
SALES by AUCTION. Llmetouwe. MIE3SSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are instructed by tbe Areignees of Messrs. Fox and Henderson to SELL by AUCOTION. on the South Side of the Regent's O%nal Dock, IUmehcn?A TIllS DAY Septsmber 3, at 11. in lots, vith.uz reserve. COlTTR&OT :S PLANT and MATERIIATL remorved trom Woolwich Deckyard on the compl,lton of the clntract. Ten-borse high-presanre atean engine and boiler. 6-horve power portable steam-engins, 5donble and 2 srngle purchate crabs. 6 tons bolta and nutz. 3 tons chain lings, 6 tone rope falls and gnys, 1,60n scaffold cords, 60 raffold poles, 84e scaffoldboards, 20 ladder 15 derricks. smiths' and fitters' toots 2 and 3 sbeavo blocki, 12 tone cWble and otber chaims, X00 yards S-inch hot. water pipe, 2 tons socket pipe, cst-iron monkey, diver's drem and pumps complete, ship's boat, 2et of new railway carriage wheels and asles, quantity rallway carriace work, screw jacks, dollies, and other efreciti To be viewed on Weinesday previous to the sa!e, when cainlngcs mny bo had at the wharf. and of Messrs. Fuller and Horsey, sBlllter-strelt, F.C Approved bil's, 3t three months'date, will be taken from purchasers to the amout of £20 and npwards, 150 pairs of Revolving and other Pistols, Plate, Trinket, k -Th.s day. MESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORR, and SON wUl BELL. attheir Rtoo=ns, KiorP-treet. Oovent-ga.-den. THiS DAY (the 3d nst. 1, at 1!, valnable WATORE3, Clocks, Plate, Trinkeks Guns, and a consignmrent of Pistole. To Priuters, Peintera' Brokers &a'-Reamnaed from Redhil under a bIl of sale. Mf R. B KEYSELTJ wiU SELL by AUCTION, at . kthe Rooms, 13, Iggh Ifolhorn, THIS DAY Sept 3, at 12, the CONTENTS of a NEWSPAPER and TOBBiNG OFFlOF; aom- _g te from 10 line to minioo, frames, racks, chbres, wood lettr, daNo emysingle cylinder macbine with fly wheel, iron plate prues, e .Iad,, brass rule, ke., The wholo new within the la st four month;. (hstalogues, with vrinted spedtmcn of the type, mey be had of HL Harris Eeq., uslicltor, 34 a, P! orgat-treet; at the rotme; 1ng of gfr, S. Kt3eIJ, 37, Lqdgate-hWI MP. MA-RSH's ORDER of SALE at the Mart, OP jcste te eBank of REg1md, TM1SD&Y. at 12 for Bank rnPt.-The Absolute Reversion to the gumn of £9,0L0 Conwsol, rocivabZe on the decease of a lady nowr in her 16t year. . Rea Hasings Old Bank.-A Policy of A-nrae for £5,000 in the UniversalAfe AsEu=o~o BocIe%y on the life of lir, prsa,l ami,h, now In his 57th year. 2.BaEastiodB ~~~Asecmaost for the sumn of B M the life of Mrt. Aseorgne Scriventyo.i i l er 7. A.vlal l Policy of Atsmuranceth CTow £L550s thaae ow thfe Asuac olt ntelife of aCteu o.r 5 gest lesar.n bnow I i 0t e t58 A- valuable --Pt7 Cnign ReversInryifectFeebald Properety Pe42anu1ra sods Policy uon SVac f oldest£210 In Hthe law nionaLifs 9. ThA Polyof ssuance for £5100 nteCr . fieo h 9.P They nhowlr, RoAveTsaon to 9500 ConsloLe, recevable on the decews of alad no i~ he 77th,osor. 10. Twof-lie.' lses][4uehold RePidences, oltosieN,oLi 3,Usd14, park"oe4 Hfgh)iear New-park: let at £205 rer aunum. U.- See.', exoeedingly desirble Fbmily Residernces,ietuate in Parkpo&d, 9-rsyno-rad Hlghbuoy : of the vAlue of from £100 toZ -~ Six Lea3sehold Residences, Nos, 1 to 6 Inclusive, gouthl,rok. ci'eet, Shepherd's-buoth: estimnatod to produce rentals amounting to £110 rer annura, 13. A vraluable T-6sehol ptstae. free of grouncl tnt situate in Black Heorepyari1 Rathbone-place, Oxford-street; producing a not OMtal bf £eI5 S, 6d. rer annum. IC, Valuabl e Leasehold Prfoperty, situate at H mmrecith, Swallawsttreet, Piczadilly, and Betlanal-greon: producdng rentals amaunting t3 £22 lG. Der a-nnum, May be viewed, and ratisulmar, with condtions of sa'e, obt*!4ed at the Mart, and at Mr. Marmh'a offices, Charlotte row, blanso-oes -Anlaigton.-Housol,ol,i Furntbae, Pictures, ,uEffects. RjJ. MA&RSH wil SELL by AVOMION, en the M Premises 2, 28dmnroad, South Kensington, on Thursday. Sepembr 1, t 1, te OITHUDI)FURNITlURE and EXPE(1'S,incldingAxabano!rtanddte bfecateae bd. ndb yiss kithe reuTIsite and te fects, O Nlow th aror n aa loguesy.o obaidn-to on th Treies n aPteMbr. Mab' ofIos Charlotte.n row, Mansion-boneoom'.tea afin-tne niture l'ran~orte,and Efets. 3;an . r DB haso o Prtceivedinstructdionsto EL R. W. mdeA.OAKLEYTh.i ll heLr 1ad4 the A MON, by o N n t heP_mje%U Premises, No, W, ednesda eptremb aey-P rolewolodadahaydrwingda,at1 andI se dinin room suitesd afrtmnetanof an-octaie OHoNDEoiE ran ipirofored morenhIraon,ar d Aabian. Sbedr eteas, bddin. snhogaygchstsof denore, msrdrob, k itchn. utnsils, chinsce, lass, andefcs lybevee i dyoo n eom Prahornin fsl,aine aloge Obtained en trhe premleet;s atd hr. Marh' ofics, lsrltte-)ow. cainsisba.o-hoee. tc bxe crd try Dn itjlssoluton ofancyartiers In..glcedll.% o'tnad n vreny thare qusanicee oSf,FechaM l'cai n Wdnesay Septembefr 9:de ahineysfollowin das,at~ 12for lamb aidumaother eplendd s,ortment of fouASS,eOl-mauiand fb-ronco,nt chna, IitaonMondayian,deri glas and gothesalHand ELa!gu Ior, ted prmodestur andogteauctigobular, Ret.neia rackem,gandtsend, la-ate.s,n Pemoelu miaros'A walghtfull doluaes,Frech olndPetsider-meoand andcros nzte bracketaan hafSt co tbes vase, candlFricay, candelmbera inkatas match bloe, card tHayD, sodAcT-'la kistos, fancy articlesu Far Idaei, tf.,landad ansih baly atute.frg' boftI iefo the mot atesgdartiei adesi6ga, in gSeatios vandiety,si a larerqany c1mfnrtbenhsdes cn3and'llees,clumnsafolymreradeurlmpsn eclnt roepaian Pleansurandseropentine machlen, globes, cimneys foritali sortsofldamps, arendhueouse Other eg.ffecs nyudin a oont-wgeeva ansd faotory2 plant on vueise- eand,mosday and e.Thes favorit v. aftnn f th popethean peitos ew andessfetherauctioneer orent,near Ramsgvatme, tfirce,patindrarel-a-elytbmtightfully 41tateFreehold res.-irenn c and 12Tacres,(iInvte prshmesnot t SR.COAKEY wndSll w SELL b yACIN AU t da7. th onIFGt dao, September IS, a 2 y'me at th valuabletorEBBan,OLeLETABE,HkOwn as MaDnCsion F erm,dsieif lgNd he Antfully-situat e,lbutd ml from the aopmtonatof ao,)dDnMf5gAt Steations anewd comperisingaver rof t-eteant,so subetarMntaler; otaied at tieys eldence . in exelnt repaq_ss,oliascot and0 aegodrnetle chonmgarde ns, o.tbstages, andndhout 12aesr. Coftuerand land, mot. raft blstee.The faoysusritepWithonof hi propert and iro-troea,Isywaccseh hr.yba A or ra y ofer andinvespotment for ocuatond rael th Iametwith, aye benvie1e, Gr priclrst5 tthh a rt: t T acil,er q,Gsaolch-a Kigstreet. 2RamBcdg e- anCftehntooe,.R gent-str9e1et, lod. 41, Flnushisern.F,o.'s eshodIvset 1JESSRS. COOTE, and SON will SELL by AUG. A TAION, at tb's Mart, opponite th-e Bank of Bolnold, on Wedneaday. th Slief,ernmher next, atl12 t byr orter of thed Ptpi50. A valabEMILEASEOLRMIDREN DEC situate and being No . 2 t, Fing-.v busyo-ci rcus.I held fom athe(opson of issuderv onor at thervmlof. hearhfro Ladlu day, 1r23,at a groend Prentsof £10 NOw umPinder ln-m toeing LNo.o-i Tros nes,l es, atntheoannualGrentaln otre£11be.ogayh oorwed byoemwithexno tetensie rnt,anmstuarteimmeulars obtie 'tethe Manrt'of & Banruptcy. and.,m thicrie1, augiciniyo ts-he amblrnowu heps treet 116 and'bf merets Cooted andSon, 8. 5(Dr afton-set PLot &. AMoiety of and in itorant Freehold EsrtataFrtes,14, rouemykowner.am an 7 reassrs,the George annaeTv~uo ufed o-u TaverneGrurch-atokcomlteae t,o2 BTdge-ros Cntannonetleet ando a RenChrm e of £12 years 4d, peristannum. teaix n~Xet o I e aun o 4.A oiety of and In P an bihlvtaabe of RER13 Ds44.per nu . w Pecred,SES and riESlfOM~y situQr1ate ad htbur o. Fiudge-mvng E"nnon-Th retin theocuatio of vie- Booby Cook, atu Othe vesy loins dne r palrtfcularslt 2 Ad oMeletyof obained oantipothMart-aod highl va'ablee Panehoadk,uollcitoPremisth-andlOfCoches,teituand af bldeeing o. 1. bre moneerolane,and No. 17,dOsesaham treed,ben a. coneahu, e, ithmextaensv rnae,staeimdaeyopst h CortofBakecncy adinteCloe iand yo theON iha-tlbenw SepT-IL . 1or. wi the mstre grourdcet o S 10L coyAnUm,IO lot 3, A Moieyo nn th..!at highly imp ant 12 eeboldS acroeseoty kow gape th (ioue n SateO TAv., or Puw dsrbly siouate,Oinethe pbatrises ofn tmauOrogtonesoer she best sitnati'na fsrvtradeAingthe ity, now bunde leaselottoThMas Butt, Avelirg, iwho,fora tter f3 yafo Chrstms, 830 atthealcttbymlaDlyre nt tf 12 pernt o anubom rtlt teenis, rand pa hticult ilas. adlgunitmau bthenbe bd at the Mait-eo Hosses,barnies Sodane, Rclle-tcswort-h-bill, CormhsterWatfior HmecucR.dCotinandSon,t8hGafltonr'stAreet antr-etu; i6it-e art ofex and WioraeareeaudIperkeley ofctr , T.2 FldeetstexeVlubt rehl and o esSdzIlopuond SoMe=4andowtimor,wmt Fannbous and esaeAgricutura W Bodidius ' rWatfoin revn m o ln- a t,ir f.EaS H.. SErDGWIK n SON=J havebe riorhMADO LAND,b' mosatcetdeir ably sitae,in d the parses ofe (ireatnford acedmanwent, aboutmon~be nbsfomupthen atwl Edmoton. cm the breat Wesdter RWlarp, eprrods,mti n asevralelgble stesrroved builofg, et t zer.canhotsasfWils4 weho, tor the.p~oe il a5. J T'cSW1 at tee Maredi byratplying tootheoteant, of whoft payt rularembe .ar he hid. ParItiuars alsolma bles-. beha)D a h WhiTe Ho03rsAe, tbivel, eldSoran,erlcm-ofswhich;47K-,rexAms,neWatfoxred abeMrstuin sen lmtansubjet Wtola grf arnt,EdesI a year. aQd's4Head Bass-ow: od Liliong Soux-".l Kin mAv -s-alls s,o iti o Ma4t0 Fleetwatrheeonlt;andof Msale. S-naywick handSon land sod B. bo sur2. L ter firs a tfb~nuton-bldgt e ;and t C.Iroxls-andaiLM ~JhnDwo Hirhnd prntah' autinvestnt M-in arlng lohsmetrs,49 EPall, eallb Unthlyh Shlead toP Ware,so. prod Deicigba aggregte Vimyrovhd renta ofa31 icranum ofr 4hch7 goars tedto o te e. h%,e TORN GDA.SOD and SON'-will SAELLwby taULPTIN Pat'theisarto, 21cOatd Bov-suofEnglTanSD.Aon Wkpemberda proucig et ssrywMprovlued reenca o 15Is. by 2 th . £77. smatzaae £1Aresecielleldd1st a er ofwich 47ya V eained Heoi Bakery enbiDin ewar,a yIarl retl aaoningr Zto£0 1Bs, ith couttyn 0 Ral.mAyb a fM.P. Quick. 27. Eeb - B-ene,dictlo. s Gliiodrd.atth Mart:s an 'tWeir oh as Bnronsauiin GIlB's Maller 0[-ea_ er, Wi.Plliamsi Month Ply Sale f Pctresosod rawng by4 moern riss the th o b ruini eaR. mouth t ODNSe' next SALEwwil take ,moTlr-vth17b InJ Bakplac t.isRoos BevaOl Bond13-steetaTI Dlain Y, Sofa tentber artist andOthOesOss nlrce b h LT&And-osIge Cadorbaeit JonesLLna buiWiagolde Cr omtsetreKinCg plo-t Van Ho-lae.n W sodneem,SetDuE%t1 reieg L hedel A.E lukcrs BeSnedict EMSEoddbed a Morris ret Wectir u Balumle lat G=ill Pufab,-t thre WIllt ~k;i ams A Bon-lee Hoarinainmctre, Ro1~ binan re3 - Altlaonu lro lhcrallow e J'am m-ie. TFaylsork Wiiof il s.lethrsnd Mtaytbeneryead tw doams pricr. tosuit ediornmbad,Nte.A Moz nthlyb baliesosiues ahd Drrawings,=% nyoldbeasters. the ln.k. thireTurda,y eah onth: the naext sal p itIinto,- -diacoudton is asa. theW 1,7 ' .th. q.. 2L Alenuab-ryandy Moo'at.IerP-. vrpce oW.E Snina, F CEO.1 NoRnuareO. a int-eithed bye thea V..tassIgnlees andP porsytgatee towSL n theCPrrmis-s, 4. StreeWtCs- buLdIngs betee RTouNt. a-etan Cheapwelr ,t- Pa-le.o Wsnecday, ar.ze 5t ayo September t1 peiey,teLatE ofprcapital ectL'1toe PKEdlos o z. boldbadte augr' thedre produced.tfi-n MrqtsaftWstmbstantfar an ueprd tenrm odi4 uara awlasnthe vauhiPant, conseistGing fbout . wthrehetosP gaokdans. kbhlu.- tye,e arScundinavtabe nmactine ,FaColninbea ron, an premism thm,s lrandcnes sorer suamergsCeo, a s .all tockoferlousd' leaherVn ~~or to the sate7t y4ft oth ln oo-smxnbe ucy- roo m- a,d C~papro, "L 7e-ptryane: ofW. Hr 17sma bar lf.11.n csc-eorre,oo.lbT Ln- a'ngood at the O premgse:nd aMr. G-sc waterabineton'.tellAices, 2.0 - Bonsixt otwoxAb asot.f stalldsM'A r an EO EMa RTIN at te Lbrse-rsotn,-.e ;ak-enlldbu, Cand ow onh Toom-a, Thee 13atrz aday P-Septemver.watn pedcitse, subje. et3to cind -tithof al oibe 1the and wthesreeproduced,l o Ao hou-oThe aboto premse.. hicwihar theegard nens,ta-n. pea- vcraniabg picturesopp-ite the of ains'of-Cate t"e rast W tee, ba-srte 2'ievcedel-wod.. The houe_ee,-la ans-s3.lftb It - respt l orthy the aTtenton of soy per'en lesr- Of maklng an e. vntageous inveStment. They are well adaaDtdee ither for a sl. ert,r vate resideDe or for a fIst-ea, sdhoatl or hotL The prom ie3 may Dewed, O nd furthA e thl oBrtined on lcatlt tn tict auctioneer, ChepGeg e or to r Snide7n an Mogan, ssn ft tiros Ch:epetow, olauorganshire,-T,s Capttl ibe afod othean-VI-uabRe FreeaIla HELxp RY BRo i ON i favondrod with A nstc-sctifrms iL to SELL bcy AT IONci . at thp e Wegm o e r. TeL NeJrt, 34rDaniO e Dhire, On TDay. the 1st or Otoe , 17, at 2 to 3 otlock In t hs e am'tedrne pan hey mot vihataine a-rd owenP.t FP.TEe OlD ESTATE. caled thu Brthdlr Estae, nstruat In the parish of Cetligane, Gludorg aslro2ecp.Conisting cf two fa'm hbuse ponprams,r tasthes cattle sred', fold rwa an m .a o m la_it ahe large andwion of ich u pa.-ktee, ad nt Des cordlaro tonhe farms are OnW in the respoctive occuations of !fr. .Toh Jl dns Ac-s Mr. Ianirsi etnaimts. at an aogfehate 9-ut of r£17e. The tithei ale lieramoand C nod the parechial rates very low. The coa n iner minerals, anda which dse- nderneatb ofAM , whole est3te, and ale unde r 2a. It ZIp. of land. lathel crent hr the br9pineeor to the Ae RhOWLney lwdsday Compay comnpriseual the lewes and leames of house, coAt-g,s and hte,D coa Irone stones, ad r*er cay found In thbs portion or the South Waltesg inral ds tric-, aid they are let ens lease of c9 yebrs of whic are t97 reeireL to tae Bxthdi Ccllex anid Coke Copany. of v ewprt. st nertain ryatiel wthich wvl probatbly beieg in when the anidef aTr fully w ortkg a rent oo u710 to erec.0 per and ar, t uds present dead rent of hee pert annum until the It -rcr vein bo corially c d, Ihen the dead rent iath be Incraesed to £410 A sh^aft, te yards deep, hiss beenD sunk, and the lofers have lately erected a malager's house, 2 cxe otvens, and ot'cer convenient buildigs and ohices fonr getting the eoles The lies -o-l tains a power to nude-riot email po,-iona of land on bulilding lea,e,s at tbe rien oe ;£5 per acrtu t t D oer, re reive lAsf the ex ra rent trising theteuponw A prbLch e T d foupe r substnthal botauges have lately i ben ereced. and for other cottages ase in caurse of ereconert and as the mines tae s-rskVl there is no dolbt that tbe pTroderty;ll be materiall noresed In Ralue by the erocsisan oe eotalges and other buid ngs, witehout any expense to the owosr The Rhiusney Ralwray, wrhich run through the estato, wIl robabhly be opened frr trafflc .to 'edsiff in October next. There hi also a tedprcord from the pit's month to Ne Port. The papesty will thtus be broughtwithnan bour's rde of the sNippgportse of Newport anld CJardiff The poorerts Is sita:te the sutioemymen Valles, and is only a very shcet ditnce fromn the well known Rhyney Ironrwork anad sereral large aind piniltable cosI mines. It is distant from T. dear dyle miles, Dos-isis six miles, snd Ilerthyr seven mniles, Printed pnr i- enlace 5and conditions cf sale wiilt shortly be Issud to beobtalunei of F3eidoick Talbot, E'q. soltellor. N;e bury; Moms II H an F . JamDes siciors, Mferthur * the zact.iceur. Ilng-stee Gioeter - and of Mr Wan Lintern, at tbe Br.thdtr Collieries; asd of the .en3ats, who wiU Fshow the property. Re T Hawley.-27, K's21-r1ad6 Ohelses., and 97, cwfordivoctye Maryleba-aws i-vanree~ mod Utftall & L, hroceg.A.,n S4a.e bJ order of the Assigneet in Bankoyto. iLIR PETER BROAD will1 SELL b-AUTO Alb on the Premises 27 Eloa -rod hie. HSDX otmbr 3, a,tfl for iS, tIme htook Fl,tns,,, an3d Utcndllc, own = w- -see, -sugar rice, soe. ritish wines saune -s counters, abets-tu, roales,, .elgbts, X.s tiatlnas oo' ad at . fo . o tIm prmiss,,97,C~wfod..y,~~, he boe ol' tfe effeot s ulumia to1 the boe&witbL at few IotA of Hwousbhld Yonrdtame. on view maornln Ot- J.A9oguss on tSo ps-ms.;- of J. Zilchofaon. Ks.Q., omslsu aa'Ages. 24, Balgiman-.strct~;Mesr, X Hill and Mattbe.,, sotIidtor, Burycout St. Mary-axe - or of the auctioneer. 29 PonjtA7. l(o. 12 Edgeware-roA, Paddington.-TO Sadkla A-* FIxture Brokers Xol oiieme.-Pempo a4 .~ IO MIJy PETER BROAD) will SELL, by AUCTION, onthe Plremises To-morrow Soot 4 at 2 for 3 p[dareise it,, rorosIintg SOUR in MMAD of a kmis tN7 11,ofteura dewription, tho ftittres and utcs-Ic comp r3 isng osn ofs, hoy umtaa shbelvigna.o drw5sgas flIns,k,Anda. few lot. of serf breod fmxnitore On view ammo f sale Qatatoguge on the premiese, and of the corticneer. 29. Pos a-. monBean tixureN JQ~ere, Iioktne- rnigh g,5e h' muss ndeniably siuaa - -S and othcr&-FTfrtcls Promodern Fixtcwca and yin' .s-vh Immediate p ze-ion, withl tho iLPETIa-- B-4 -as IRAD will SELL by AUCTION., Pren'O -mi-e, To-moerSpeme order ofti-thoBEA F kat 1 wreclsels, by ~~lKIS5 REMIES, eingtTin theTLEASEn PREHIID3 eingNo, 6, Qneune-.bdUd. tup tngtbrl.5e: hrldfora termn o1131 yeasIrges In l0daygfro, the 2thDecert,,jboa 1844, at the Is-e rent of £124 erI anonma. tioether are o the AIO,l Of the modern Fixtures snd FittinRs of Trade, whichs dithor- a usnAl doegrtiriloa. May be vsewed. Particulars and eon- !gl utepromises; of Up-mm Laws-anoo, Flows, and Iewybaboss anmd of the Au-ctioneer, A9 Poultry. BATH SLL, at Otrraway'~,a 12, on M `musy,October 1, the capitabl LOASE ofnth BUSINESS leart onoeme at L3A p yeas-, N.41, Anth prirate HonMI`r0uses noe, 4 stred 43,r rclhu- a Corn asirabl eait,e forinotoclnaetoronts.l £4 pe er.oad ucndte oet £4pryenar.la of zel o8 IO.p yr Peadrt Eaq 3 g7t Cqc7le lzo om 6ril-oA m narwys ft-pae, tomncm4l.oa sea: araa'sknda VaJubjePlotofyAndtTh120W ILBATH will SELL, at G3amw 's onT ns iviayOeL~,t12 Sfdne prioslacby Oosnrclaroateaontr, aouitl cfvlear Incm ofN £2 pnow yarth Ploit an piae onbes, It.is bIdneo- tio, ad ow roucig he et enal f Iands peracineArt Pat cularsofJ. Pendegaat. Se 37 Clotplace, omrciac.rboa. eastf Garraay's ass of be actlnew.4 Wparo of ono,ontF Valabe 'to o Lnd-ThiryebPit latsa 111 B. BIART KRllSEL T at EWSra 's o SBuL,. jdat Othe1 Mart,1 o orenoslbyelr 2t Cotrhte abEntiacPs-e TIN'ofablmoLtdAir)onablte PoIt nIZackhe(in A Itahel f emba-nar0 eAls ath ahpeprcoAron s-c.and from ethe m w. farent se frlontopporsumit, ts Sfo h prodsbcnitlo th uedbaIng atmsphea-e the anctloneer. 4. WaIts4nes-, ad coIdi, at Mart,~~~~~~i[ on Tbrdy,B erbr e aOdayFORp abl opOtuitlt orprd*blcbuldngInestmnsInT humrlens,,an ospial7Es Oote, Hckey ofes C.igo-sleur InvesmentL and BheId&og Ladataetod and TW,nO vydu. l gh-omdsid LDt YL n VerSep~th2 Ioo grdenas-t , sitate a nd3, andSan 6 Tuof VIthe Mtogtd Tr.a'l,nd NOf 3MT and 4. Perd IfI. an4pyeeam o ap ndeytoffe-Io0i .eligibo-leasoFoigh P1-mIsofF.ee Hold Imoal, nearaxthe raowansaiodarentof ooi,r and Snell5s-paek. ulonsn-t bad. afce, Parosbry.' o Panensmo iAyr and, niWtear, Mitrecaxn,VAtem ble Copydhof l.W. p Putniey j .W. AISTwIllHA SE L by AUCTION,atGr. wafyr3stnthe ftmon, n cuseoag.aeyGrhl,o sd S- tensistingto, at ha,-an eithgiblen,IyIL SAT,cmrsn bthr,hp,fuhocsand beteidingbland sdisits. bs, sItuame Upper Gren.~a MthOcham.urreyn. t tarow Lae.ctaloe tnnsa 71. e Ingm. FoMDay s aiwd,ad prttcclarrs bad, at Mr. -aa's f Wade, ofItco.m BTftMess HLeand Cnt WoIAmiel,shtrn. ,i LonrtTmplOe; and tof Mr. W. AI. Cartneby.1 Put. y. G To small CYWE.pitaliaris,~ a k%1Z tA, Indi ArIs. On l anL L b3y SeUC&t 3IOn,t afterGas- VU ALUABLEsrO;e-heu oande-ildy, g rhLan, otjngTheCta.7 S eptmbr17h Ggart 1 TFor verys P-d pricuabersply t-oo sersi4 r t-acller, GEASEOL VrLW.AE WIhi good gardens, sIturate Is PlaIt,= edon. Patne. and of the laestimsate. a f£7pr nu.Hl o HePfr3 eRsIat STgrond-eto£1pranm MayRNC- whe SiEweL an arte,mlars hAd, 9epGarbr3.at 12s fofrMessr.0 Hare and hItle Lt, papedtrs, 41t rls--ourdto, temple;ga and df bodW A oos, Putny 3. . .9In1greatth liedionyo p,otel. lamof xcllentHIS Oaty,. tonr abooate vnfr I theaya adternoon,f Iney..i.aalal RHIDIROET con-atngofa hus, Ithgaden ochad,an aucale uthuldate and upeiorbuidingalts. arig comaningv,eroofthourrum-. oihesofthoBrtih LndCopan bysitAUC1, orgatNasopi, th4 eInt-odIaArm,nopot en. "Tuesgay Sety. at3Iteate 'ITALABLEFreebold Houseldato Lard,ate Ageei YaaGonr t ForA_Lh plas andprutledl appy thMortgr a.-. bule, Ocpk RM.W.I Witlghm, 4 Moorgate-g Mireet L d to&C andbyAUMN at the pln f cae To Paerhaer 1, At 3inLdoe aftes-rntoon,an K-tl rees,S,OL RElecs ~JeSS F.r PRI LdteS(1t)aRb and LAWRENCu wll mtpSELL,, And cbyerulAUCtO, at thejoir sp-.acWitus er oo,pr Set. Morareis', lr-_an,tHIt AoY.lc Setember . Tr at 1 o 19, 03 umeeeruo Purtcie,t paper, dni g ad attbo,sathof sris-muofand.bJ. roomS, atair.4c%Wo, h. t'l In.geat voarietyo Natew n anod-eof exalbo quW.. o bo e?e, to pay An dac of money ad. *o 1 a MR. E,TOMAS wISELLbyiUCTION, AaTOX bqToid pgllry, 2,1, leteoatcr.1nse ti eveninUg. (h_radayl B&p. tebe3 atc 6, ook,AHpsitspaintins,4 Cselgcarrelandyohrf e wearigapparoel,Furixtures of ah gRocer's copiicn:bgn o conotersm, nstyo Odrawr, cAnd sters, mbradwghe hS , On& ofie. raitalogus,ha at the rIoms.di=Co et E4RHS.oXDoNHAMwill SELL by AUCTTON, o AH t Gree a luroplt Tgl 35xodstrot noStet.3 atb1woclc. The v ro. a 11fo 12DnctiEIRl iv.turo cani.f Em-ode ts,N-rbrtTEL no ________a____mo euta 2 in Mos-aute-treet An, cityd.wtho V_%D&OUAL_ t T -& tt_ra ci ntuted b by. thoMbyortgaoet =Akmto SeLL y ACTIO,m a h m,ujnYri-k Htr, Isdlargato,nlth'srk Sepateme1,a An iny the- afteorlIn mzoon,aa emai PitEEFOL HE-mti.al erCE,'bed ing No. 22dion-ing trlose bo thaea, . rashlouable romenal and Schearfulabed-t,eatsulneel hadapted withberd for Plettingor p-is-a l= pas ay e-hdrbat, do lae of shraleuo TK. PoreengI, Ee1, `- lllt- Pim.ners'b)l,ok013 ncous-g tret vraof ml,.e. Pta mr. etleebra aLt.nd~ paa.&cgt npeer'solScoo. An, New rond-eta-gAnd,oru = TugedDeam g's dal e by AwctIon, etme 1.zl n origO 0I4jESaRd ABRAH AM n 'o fI15&i-n -stree. CHveNI MsS0'Na w ill S ELL by AUCTION.ZZ onTheodv, a I reclya.at 1ufr123CRI¶FS Hzea4,na tessR r..a olborn (A-te Hron tinsud'e. Can- ltalogues rady.V-e ob lA aptal moderf_n FurnItre,Istight suIerior nP4n~l nd W. I-st. c PlaoCrt e yta'o- nd ot-er emoisinent makresa,r t volw.,oIi. 'jI (t ESSRS, oXEtHAM~IsV. will SELL by AUCTKI:O,b ,kciT0thirRoms 353. W Ogfsda-d-atrebert,neartha Pnilrou. , 1.then ins-- rus-ee,at 11f or becualr -the cp%vtal modern kRTr. E In-L ~ tl cluZdin sa-e s-os-an t. -alts ainwanut tree and eO-mcs-od, wIth ",cur tf~alusensute, too, c,-ard,an fancy JAM lear, ce.lrwooia tro. cimey an ,t-er glpasss nld eff- nets and tahles, -ta -a e aitirh ueml-D Pt-ta piaofrthan 'ssoametots eases,one b two hy rrs d.AixothFers-by Utru makers ineroses-end -e, ahoan dinz*Ing soem and. lIckbrar cat-, rofske, wand eylachake-se uin mrocco ad hai cl~-sb, pedert.l ad ~ and se onday edaiofr and hangin. km-IA be diOg comple te, wtsmcsd vo--l.. o oo, Inc a tdhe ithe work Ltof mostof thstndar aclnto" ne metalt cc. tnIee. 4~Mayh viewe on ThuaAnd and~ O-mornIng 01 Tt ase wandcRAlgNKLIN hand. GL~a b akna b ko Fnc Ta-n,'s--n IFrulayia Set.mfar 1 12 pncoaly at bth Riae-n,-, t pert and As-al lanbdtet and r- beddng be's- egine I hars ans theantOn of5rethst, 3, Crey-aes-el. lAnce -n'sinn, WC.M- Stean.g Sop tuli-house,b Navrri-s-tow. P ,ls-n Altv& he ereTies an c.17eezcrond Inelleegroundst i the rearfmi tereof.to h.aat Br . W aLK i intruct-od by tlThe Prprm-mtcss- =!,,, e lnrt of thepeieJd-C7-a bring dLpt-a ofine to 'RIUby I AUCTION. feor We ad tesdy Su=mrortml,.i Ithbe ground Is the s-r1ea r=mn the s-lApss-min-a briejon about,;as-sobebu pn ail now atd ha fret.yo cot eeslalthe ofoc=r ItIn-sa -SpCs-i rce,f dmtokio ye 'r`UL at m t m,ctlr groun, ls'cims ae drnkn boxes, a ct c prawm s--t byt aotonefrom the trracn ot.IsThipsu an-ir Ispi pIpe il tencforber C-asnsa, tr.'e Ia'-dm bet ork, top sdrl sc.:taon brckalsc c7t,onewt vIVod l Inge spltO t,axletVey and s buffa.lws -nsbew,t year oL d t ldrny tew. the t5 ub o tTewr.y loas of resme, e.aybviesst. an~fod-10 Atal`we's, o Fuglas-at en% Es-soday. Septembeord14 Andfot of dirn'stl of t. IlZ uoso s leM.Tona _ei,i oa Rntch'a', Slop ian the Gzoodill of an ol-entashedo etnt,ciefs RCPtness: a TD-st-m'lt hens-s In the HIgh.t-street. see alCttags an-i ~ar-fm-A ran A P'iec of Ac,o-n,s-mdtlon Pactors Land. -In let.z rGT9s-ma't to an Os-des-of th. L'rd Justlo(s of tbe Oou,t ol Appeal~ in CI,anerv._dat.-, the 3d Junly, 155. and maeIn the mattas of Robert Vvn elt a prra- of unsoud mind, San with th-e a,prolntonal o Use Master In Lres&cy. by GEORGE ItL.,N-D, at tmCbequer Inn, tn Randei. on Thu-arsday, Sem 24, at 6 o'clock In lIme AStoro and Tiled M CSruagC, fhop, gar-doi OutA1build'u'a ard prermtzrett h ihsretI t-sa o O Ornlo by W:zp Chipman, with one oCfiSoatw-,nlce sta atere,nt of I4 Ills,cper,=nmm. Aless`hrveCoGotlagr a,dPreises althte tmc. Iwo of whirharele. to Willyand %W.at weklys-etl, "lcunting to Z5 4. per aunuo-etgi,tumrd-tax, ID. Id yra'ly. Lot I. Two Cotisra next tiS Leseon road, in Its-andes, with the eo-u'~g,yard. an gas- ro beliegln tSm-rto, mesrpie by Pratt an,d Rte'bloae. at tme 'low annual rent of £19 lik-fss-t-Coingn land tax Os. Sd. yearly. 1,telL Am Altotmelt of vaaubalme Psatnin Land, contadlningla Sr. Mc,, orin.me C loKs in snuall len In Hrars,-tn, al-uttlr_ on laxAdoof tl:~ Rev. Sx,--ud -Warren and Mr James Huot:outgoing,, tend tax Is. Sd. ye*ast. Lot 4. A. ver sb9tanttallr-b5uilt stone ansitld Dw:lg-oss. iut on tha L'omdn-rovsd. with as's-- Mal sIttirg..n &4bed rootnr =ud roqulsite donsotic ofiLnes: capital b=tcbe_s-'s rkp adjoinig, cluho--sns taliis and other onovvustioS= counseled with themsAds. The butldingsonthislot are In goe upon the premier-a the p>lodwill of which "'I he- incuie-d In the pus-- chase. O21COt-ein :aud ta.x -s. lId. yes,-ly, TbP who'eof the abore cnitiaof sae meay be h.ad Matheb Chequer, inn. Frn=: fMwrs Tsis-dr and Ers" Po:lnt-mls L John-street. 1isi. fe-rd-row, Linden: of tImer. J. Dan J. Read. solItors, Mldeohali - cs-of the anotlon-rer `I C-il tre 10ldouahl. -Tricsdsr and Rye, tL J. andJ. E;art WI.lshal ExOsI1zut rcOdEra Hr Vhod Frntse. and other Rffecctm, for Sale This EvenIng, at S to this miunto 1M SS'RS. .JONES and BONHAMI will SELL by M,J AUCTMON,. at LheIs-(reat Rn--smn, lI orwtcn'srs-t ant P-t,oe'-- al-ect, THIS SI EWIN (4. at 6, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE and PYFECTID, In crseat vartety. vti.. Arahiso, Iour post Frnds.h Isv osof, an ircon bedstads, with draeries p's.. lea sw bedts hair . iwool mattresse and bedml ring, wrardlrobes, cesots of drawers, wahtsI a&e-t dressig Wabls. hookcsv'ee clneTmsnems' drawing coor umItes in ru-A.-'ecd an-d walnut. aevral setv of cbaIse easy c~hili, sfas, couehos, loo, pemubroke, lard. and dlinin talies, noble r.v~as han sern, carps-is, rugs., fender and fto-usnus together with a quanUtIt of good and W efol kitolme romrislico To-mom-r r, at the game hour. a quantity of pinnrs, dcscr fame, a.On view;catalogues ip i asdawabove. GOf enwich.-Houaebold Furnture and Xcii,PLanoftwe .lal Otok in smaolo Vg,hy86 et%aa b the ze8toal,l$ RLj . NEWBON wil SELL by AUMJON Wi thi Prewfmie NO. 5, Asiburnbani4wrae, alose t, W. deau ELa, lwa S~t&t10, at Greouwleb. TIII BDY, septa., at 12, theekii HOUBEijOLD TURNXTURE -ouoie neswc uuc soda ,,ets ofchaIn,a loo sod czWabdi beAnd~~~~mi m&hoganY, fatvth1 aldel,oar, SOU& h,taLi wardn,b.,, obeffoeter, sets of chatin, quite ne &" re~p,iro a.d other bedsteada. begaadbdb.o= qoo1~j*V. I fiCCIL On view the Wedtnesdaybfo adu tw ;1, l Ite a on the Pprmise.; anid at tbe aeeuo.wAe~ ejIe, , (Obrcb MRB. NEWBON winl fc'1` Kr on Thureda E, .;,rL.L by AV&TOfox at th( brital e-reac,, -a 17 St 12, In three lots, the TH&EI caipeitad RAR 1- 8 HN'KB, 'Xo. 22, 23 and 25, CAM for ion. 4- ..-r road- Islington, Leow St. MatIw's Chztzb* ho1U vM at moDderate ground nuta. Two are letoekiA. e teua, tni ad No. 22 le tedy for Immediateoc: 'neleed. L ratuae had at the hart;- of J. II. WosCM.I, IOlicitor. SD, 11a.iughaill.etreet: and st'the ,uot.ane,,, Cbreb.row.,Uppeor-etrect, oPnoelteThbroitol,K Millmypr tk oigo NJR. NEWBO Wil 'S LL AUCTION, at tb, jYMc.on Thuraday, Sept. i7 ~at ZuOroe,y~1 built LE SEIOLD RuiUS1v, o.2,10. 11, sod 12, South-groro lIIIldmay.park, n1' 'it, Paul', OhrbL held for W yoran, at ozay £e ecdgrund tent. The altul6tiolo is W%hait. and cheap omnnlxja are routtantip rulnlne to all paref, %y b awed. raicnalz W btthe Mabrt; or w. (I. OncentDon )Qq . olieltor 8, rysfc-4ae ",d atthe auctUOnwrr, Offictre 8, brbw,i bt G-aiell-arot.r'ettl ayn W'eekly Pprt,proddualu A:is 6. BON illSEL byAUOTIORf, at thu on huner 8etemwn17.at 2,in an. lot, the BEvEl 2ell bul L 0,EIL rail N. , , ,75 Mli-tot GuewRllBetDeLt baldfo SONSax uneqpd to lamoderak prouti&dd rothat he iroperty imle bo tite bl reod.pt payng woel i0-nstrua ato haeaL bYoe I Mate Teclewt,j For t xl hdAP NI at:an t at thim auectiAnde' Kau ices 25 . Ohum,1rot,rw, U0 ES1SRS. BEAjDEL and SONlS Lre inte assoten ill hatI thy al.oT vry% stloihe PRtOPERnloeSwere% Loudsold ucation and hat he% duidnrityac attebing raiooyed wrbu.ithe sea uo Inatrauciqo tno BmL. byOP eat Treaty, Fore,i .atbonaeaps,etOf Prtm Mell. Bant sd ro one, 2, b_trog a~ndemy Lonudeure, WA No. i. CiateaniAute. tobricity.FrehodHopuse sod Shop, TmIt Y SSRhSth BEr&hDEL mad SONS areisto on theraste .c Ofnh( Tueoay S- Teubrituat 1,in ofe tt, Vahu.deiable freold vehkise olta nothe E RflSliSf Eurpricind ahops xhn and Gaehuo itr ePostt entr ande knon a ml Nho. 1bf i3re,hmao In tebato the ot,reidel 01e eof the eithrchaor Thue.g turtpos. orthee saluabl freeolde pree ticuloc may he Obtained of hicMrs. WMIim BralkenzSIdgo and Bone, solideitrs. 16, Bartlett. ai.uldirgs, Holborn ; at the Mart; and -a Mdrrre Bca-del and Soul, 23, Ge.hm-.tllt, London, II, 0 ~4 ESRS. B ILEY ann SON are instruotod to Ut SELL by AUCTION,~~ at the ar,London, TEETS D&y Bovtmter3. t 2 'clel. a one or 13 lou. all that yalable FRiFFdOLb Pp.I'Xry.ao'prling1l houte kand mn'ovn fronted Lhge r nt beet pat of th High..root. Selgtu 42 houcee forming th whoce of ewigco.oraoet,and the QiralTe pobllchonee, at the ooruer of, and 2 huse in Peton.place, withi exesv at:,wrb.o and thererotion, ad 0:-e other dwelllng-houso, being at the roer 04 theGirffeTavrn nd ewigtooe~o.~, ielding tn ground rntt and roe,.raopn at 1the~ epirociucef te grounnd lea,S toa ,l 3reuta aboTUt £iLnd lEFRannM. .oomiare miay he ad 14 au.poarlt &ndtbo bed,le atthe Aebotio Mofrt; f eibre. Ttabm crUpeton. JOlaenxm andl pIatE,ob c5,oioxtnbo iars orboflo! eat. gio BaIey candu plneon, 1, tWoi otrs.eIt,cho ty. j11V glao.to panill n F rolaler. xurniuremDasem andulothacta. ieee, 17,m Grudnefl-rlaeep, New a North-Gad ILxto arn ctb dr ep,4 att12tfe agency icely, 4the g Innerintect BDOWbLv NIT rogIondETOtS,A eomprrtalgCmaoranyfourpos .an Vij.rothe fethr We.so Cedig. TA LR h rcinin intratoldcar bto7te aELL fula., Ithn forenoitoa by arder ollr sod Ecntoersof e uscal eftDel Onview.TCatalog9rue, ontbee,I br,canduat r DW.LL,N`Ga0UInsEjt auci,orn an eatat 10 nr ollcee IL i SkIle nev'elre ifnd i67ll.w WeatinthedInoen2pae. t.bavy.anvro, Camborwoli, and No. aty34.. avd . Vis srept Wawartbormth, .Surrey. h hl rdcu for147 in four lnt. yore ofA the vie.ea by r, Teonf the laSMr anItel Tandlor.TticlrA hd o enAtan tiaterickbuThm,? DWLLnd HoU.iP13,ro mercial Wae Room.x MinelwlrgIne; at the Mart; and at the ofilee,,t tim aucIne*r.67. Ailan7lroadCamborwell. R.WO DF0)WAR¶D will SELL by AUCTION,00; Zvi.1the Prmleec, 21 CanonlbowTS A set.. ten.ber 3, at 12, the FEttNtTEJRS o EiFFEiIn1: co3mprising JrW irr. dining, aLnd bell room reluWtte. and kitchen utens.ln of the tuun deecyiPtiop. Catelorone. &e..my beobadat the auctiooeer'sofSoe,t Htirhbua ViThw .e.lnloatn Beaoo.Moier FunIure rihidayClTe nandsTrome eBahag MASN. n atuday Spt,5,on he ron1ew,IL, Park Clae ANDSOM Rosooodl Chafforder, drawing roon! ehie neodrvo!iloedo., asdod onb c,excellet mahognor lun ad iiciag able,. a,wer achI z)%cffeedo. chimney-glazaes, rich patCrnliusalecaretdcn,a. clrtaine, fendere, engraving, caplla mal.anyAraban nd rech bedeteadea-sItt damml; and other fur. citore, rod feaher bla. attr-nec, and clean beli..ng wall made Iloer,myb-o T aOPP andN and th*ieuca ed rntmtoomsafrondthe kilmhereube tor. *aoL pbte eoo.TIe.ha. Othe Mrt TeS Aun. Ke-Ubr t , l rlac erocFcI PEIIM go oclace1 tlo.odr 15. Finabury.oetn`la.se so dt oslb.viga ma to r Cfot-eland OAMr,iablla a net-l& either exteunte 2zejr potor n inclr a innt, whi,ch wlli a few c~ yearsecMe oft diigralinea ha.T an lo-,dielieirucdtions from farta tno r%ra%L byAt'TO,a h Mart,THIS AA Setember3. a Il, tl' vaubl iciriL ud tiisIS carrnd 1 (Id FIratreI i D'cocto'.o,on.etedn t n brnaft toVeryfotl0 g lnroiral Flole, ofr60omutheirwexEent and petin Atbeheeo eal 50ac,hrntrr trae .b for a twholorle wa brohone o teno.Ivenual hi agr rntertr r,rthe an nnerty fi and pecDarl. S. ooor edth Kho which it wll -barn a rer'al.lrabe fontae toer cank be^ dout, avig rgar tOti' ie euecte bic ar dIly takait alcTbor ChIp Noron rOen an o thenauraloner. and FIxtureuur, 6d lre itSISBY n oo.ty NO pt. 1 andThe4y SepN w 7, SELLonby, A \'eryNuperirdFlck f 600 ruev Sthof LSsanr =wthaew C)r,sxi-e Amb 50r. . Tn.IrTm'lDAb, VeIght rslncart horses,. at d0 the no,al atxcai"tuI(IRa am'end-t the p lroperty of Chxat. Dnia, i- Th,reeeton; oairerwel arx-. lx the attent cioncr of flook maustome th Riaqchmod, Nba-rs, Webb. rnan. Plent sod lto;) Vnettr.the are edf go- eat ice, rood clr, pvery rxo orlntin teior W,woon Tt-A hok i n;breol ent'eoay the pmitt,',,amlof the hot-tea odrimplmen. LLon Thene day,teutilthoredeett `-ev Reresimn. wcll b! povde tsOth O'many. Oq atalorteemay -,,- -w hal at h llinte th-`odaC.-oin. bywee and arndorlland t the t~-iop litel. L adohireDtawig.om Early Sn ale. T ` n- o ,trapersnand Vlwtu-doalctsoftw R.R LE IOhritAt andou SOe t iat SEL h byrclv M ?m-1e.t*boreIRyTof "'A VTructr'atO H t caoln onznG theen Pr.4ix',k t"d frinom-rreoj IT-tm DA' thn rdnl. Sep. 8,t 10 allt e punceullen t lt(itT tlt an '%'O t FX'TWtS Omrsn uRTaba eanytoM ourter1.dr dw-retawepan ofallvercdtmlat, hnndicincut-l gla,e chandelersA etoves. imumn, forte-pump, Ventinbin, b e. Mo.y-evew.iou cO',T=iprvint d litbmorninetof elkwheandcataulogur inul' hobad ob teacem.es I n of C.4 n the ntcree LA . Lilile lIretal, Qnswneto'ett Idle aped ta." otryl,rc ,nthendr- bhrlliant Wati and welr ,.Macft_re itoued old Furnituare, lanrI'dlgwoopf =* n-tonsc seCottage rentere.i ileg .e nneov-veAlwablnutand rnc'w.-tol Items byoolThe.rd aind O,,e:,dlard a f'tr-, abo Indfinme SraWIn 1mionno Si-eInd Ws'nt.~ bI.,...t(la-net.Chine. tI ale, andrich s %rof tw Henw=.rcn,tkofei tr'nod. l{o-,drpot O,da candmTotnyemband ,un BAx LEa W Iu S to= ge andonc d hat ho h aslr%em boadive a roi. v"ngtd ardme, to S rLf doh r ACIN ait lthepisteon 63 Qee. aft 12 pnctoallr the doutbleTET,o TWd nobleo mrS. ~walnt,woo.dso coerdinviv lofty cuir-taI., with beau kt'bo:o marble nutop.or ren.ito. r car, andeter to naine o.inlki a caldoa, oi-c elveta ph' had e t'lp etry crpe od cr., br-llir antoach:.nur-mt va,ee two inoicoc I otae -ttr --Anoots proofiwcts, eiPM eervieee. andot ca, soend rnu. omero vlubl te wand er natho ta Ie h.The diin ro n ab d lad.-4ibrary furp ebedinoflue pazzibAluseo any xi"rbeng& o eUt nobldaele,yo1te dnn tables an Trich andthXediot-c ridb11d, et IofYetuled bea e nd othr hir.lcucngey andetOdfrin,a chan. e.lhe od chanoster aslyndage - tof (pr.erhn7on t a. wind u Ieabnoblewne wmamdrobe. Snre dour byAVttedN with pate glay'plalr b,ll', eont f a-go crwe d1ib oubl Vw and singl2ealan. rNbxo an-'. ou atlorrlI.)=.nhe.r0at vie o the lnnvrnln tougsnlo. and ca'a lront.e.Ma ho had , f (le vebrfs,tyilVeniior. Bell-slr. OlC n-sfrn and of tb audrtioneor II onomk nm~ . n-ai]rbua. lge me~re,, oeld a a groun runt, -bounded banthenma all, n theou non of 'he, -odo nrA be ed aLb-ch Slerpen tine,,npany. Asoh valabl i'.ntandMahinry t,- e Stock In Tbrat:eo,usd h o leases of ixQeevlet.-toa,iI=r-be,oe!L:gbll ciL BO pwv tESu=m z h Lclbee 6 ncr Ot-er.ad yth Offrcl. 1',e zabovetennopnyl to S-.trL by A TInOhsbn,no at Ga irtrawgs rohc; tc,nte.iot W,alneoaaro me 2,.1, o ithepen.be romatbit exlont atho arc 'it.,ALMAICL IIr' 'P tbtI. The peming e areyxenie m haves ;wlT,m,utt v-it toeuriegtOo d last%o fou=r yea,I tLhe r o manuoptet a'. u Antialann ler a Va neto erav bewl a thOuandpendt' cod rOe., 'lb. pt-eu Ie, i4dait, -ad et,oek may be vis ron a P.Scauo, t1 MT. TR.AbhT, nth prI,D e. Par'trasS ny a be had lher or lml,ca Clettln and Ade, a.lrfi*ors, 4, Ht4v-ae, nuctwark; ot li. romy-dill. 115.. ocia. l.o"-idator, 54, I llr Lrbl.: at t'e trlr etasCl hlotll.c at Mr-o-,tb ad4 TrUro: at tlrraw, ; o tTovth Walrc.-OartA e.r ' 1 ITO . at the tro-l tIe Xnrth N Vi:nI- Rr Mr. 3lKl[XSION. bt U" C. Hoel In Dbe teI cf Conway In tbe couty C_n-,on ID Toe day and WodneRIa. Svoertw=;er ndI.t (taulns dlposed of In one lo.t in th1e n.eantlmo ot which uou notic wi be rn inD oto lHR v-sluablo *nd e-xdre l;*cbold Propcrtv nt ldan. idnll!Dt Tralrrred fmn lake a^r nd wv*t;% con taninD In the whleO abont 27.10 a,'a with right of fblhing In the rlT,e onwair. iDtuate ID the tr!t.h ot Eclaraach In the oounty Of cLraar. V02. ThIs fine 0o0tae 1c rltne two mil from Tllsrwt. and nmto =lIo" rfea hanlay. a _r.t ClA= asd mall tatlen on tho . o%tkw and lic:14*%d ItsUny. I7n a turet oisreuoun neIghbourhood w=r%ndin4 in itwrif. and On the other eln of thy V ale (Ltb oelbrated Ddol (G-or .1 Pectb LI'vd Falla. being lU nrdiate" amn'cele.' soD ot the moPE mcrgntfiornt rer v.ith whicb this charmin pTrt of Nc2th Waiee asondr; thr f.vourite ba&ting reant, Lin-ludno, Is about 13 xalb, diaot; while C.-ma-y. With Ita noble chle,r the. Gnow r5nAe n m.urtatl Owydir Woode "a (scile, B rtttr-Oo, Uwe estc low Waterfall, and endless other objeet of a t >ctina ad beuty. acC & alithtu ea-drlve; omer go rad which utoert tbP e*l fr; aterotto tnt,lgrn,ie-. ich, and Qfnwa rwptio ron. driing Il witb a vriw to, reollnrm, unrivar tn Itt grander. th,r bixnr exoelent site. and abundanco of niatrla for the erntot of b mansion;: ndi i point of position. from itb ertet and Smnportas.. r-oeaid to none In the vate. To tbe oporteana the bro f.' r'ver GOnvwy a,ori ampleo maent of eninymnt. Thb fs-uIiCt are Tzoutly In a thar. nugh eate of n-rlre and the *am MDe oerud b r-trtaSbie tenants from 5ear toD rru. 1etmbiw anYTDVPr bee °-r na LAin wil be acId witb the estat, The sal will DOeDWe ee ac at 2 orack I. the afteen presy. lrnted paroul with plaes annxeod. mar be had from the auntonoeew, Wgtsr. er St. Axranh Mr, Rloherd nEobtyk land Jlre. 1l4dshl. St. AyaDh; Mosek ien nitl, Yield. and Dna-eo n,eaeidtnrRe. rtAeoln'n-au: n; Dean and ASe. toliriiron, 23o mlroiwMbu r ooar L ondon soD t h tboea or B T n 0lole t Wiam afnd W ones. stora es. Ortc,ri. wAo any furthrs informtion maWn be oari. Appian4 n X Ct a_J the otPt iDonr one etr ot will bet rortrbDd. byMa,cn. nober next. At tlio Lodon Commarcia S1lei ROOmDT, Pdi Ctl 4ao o soo'tembcr 24, h red, , BOU S00lots of Wine, nd S Irit,, aSrtSicel o f J.iaonn a. W Iun, heater, 18, Mr-lane
