DEATES. Ou the 2-4 October, at BolaIrs, Deoc c the Hon. Clemoitna Ifert, alfe ot Oaotatn William Reec CamphaiL of BalloctWyle, &xgCUshire, and daughini of the Vkoont Arbntnnt. On Monday, VAe 14th L ast, Mr. OharleG torge Ladensack, of 125. Idnorlee, aged 45, after a few dsya' lllnta. On the 17th inst., aged 40, Am Jane Hill, wife of Thomas Hlll of 39, Stamford-atreet. Blackfriaro, imd daughter of the late Frederick Cbarles Riawlilnon, of Peckhbam. On the 20th lint,, Slr Alexuader Dixie, Bart., of Bosworth Park On the 22d 4Eat., at Downton, adnoerbire, aged 87, !Mrs. ary WUamse, wldow, for aboar 69 reart a beloved and a tood andf althful ervant in the fantly of the late Gnerna Sir WllIabm Cockbvra, Bar., 6.S., D.C.L. and of hia only ton. On the 23d 13at., Buddenly, at the anor Hnoue, Frenchay. the Rev. John Surteee, canon realdentlary of Briatol Cathedral. On the 234 linst,, at Mlaldsttoe, 8irub, the beloved Wife of Hoeny AllmnnI, Req. On the 23J inst., at his rmaenco, Southern Lodge, Worth Brixton, Wmn. Bogers, Eaq., In the 64th yer of hls age.
SHE MBMOIBS OF T2LB D17XE DR ST. SIMON.+ There we works which-may be describel as the zdtting of history, for they bring out its rirhest heirlooms in perfect lustre. The Nicias aDd Cleon of Aristophanes, vividly p,reaented to us in their daily life, complete the picture of ponages whom Thucydides draws only in their political aspect. Less clrearly, but still in vigorou outline, the hand i of Juvenal sketches the tyrauts and miscreants whom Tacitis crowds an his gloomy pages. In the Mnd the PA t, in the Memoirs of Cramront, and in the plays of Wycherley and Congreve, we have the Court and the England of Charles I. in a freshness and fulness of form and colouring which even Lord Macaulay has failed to equal. So, too, the Spectator and Tom Jones are really more valuable to the student of the times of Queen Anne and of GJeorge II. than the meagre and lifeless compilation of Smollett. For these Bupplements of history are above all price when emanating from minds of keenness and power, and, even when of little intrinsic value, they sometimes prove "f excellent account. Like a worthles deposit, iter lono exposure to the influences of time, they occasionally reappear in profitable matter. For many reasons the Memoirs of the DiwC de St. Simno7 are among the most valuable works of this character. It may be true that they show but a slight appreciation of the greatness and significance of the events to which they allude; that they never seek to grasp the bearing and relations of the times they describe ; that they frequently betray a want of sympathy with surrounding facts; that they confine themselves to one class of society alone, and are almost blind to its most important elements; and that sometimes they reveal a prying, scheming, gossiping, and selfish nature. But they are the life-long task of a man of great skill in narration and in portraying individuals, who, as a nobleman of the Court of Louis XIV. and of the Regent in times of great national and social moment, had large opportunities for pursuing his vocation, and who allowed himself ample scope for the freeest statement by resolving to reserve his work for the eyes of Dosterity. And hence they form a xr7lp At ,bi of historical allusion, intermingled with personal anecdote, gossip, and scandal of quite unparalleled detail and piquancy. They daguerreotype in clear though harsh resemblance the aristocratic life of the France of Louis XIV. and of the Regency during a period of the very greatest interest. They present to uis, sometimes in caricature, but always stripped of aU tinsel and trappings, the principal actors on that broad and magnificent stage which thrice saw Europe in arms against the great King, and which witnessed the downfall of the Stuarts, the War of the Succession, and the hectic energy of the Spain of Alberoni. They bring us within the circle of that stately Court, so full of elements of splendour and decay, which for 40 years dazzled and terrified the civilized world, which heard Te Deiums for Landen and Misereres for Blenheim, which rose to be the dictator and stooped to be the suppliant of Europe, which received an exiled dynasty with kingly pomp, and surrounded itself with a iioblesse in purple and gold, but which Bsw a famishing people interrupt its feasts and, spectre-like, mock their hollow joy. They show us briliant despotism in its hour of pride, when the lilied standards bore the names of Rocrol and Steinkirk, when Luxembourg was called the " tapissier de Notre Dame," when the sun of Louis shone in trnth " non pluribus ignpar," when Louvois had organized victory in the closet, and when Colbert, forcing French industry to anticipate its development, had made France the centre of a premature civilization. They show us the same despotism in its ruinous collapse, when the debt of its w1ld ambition was being exzacted, when the Grand Alliance was closing around its dominions, when Marlborough was planning an attack on Versailles, when France was sinking in prostrate exhaustion, when the name of Louis was cursed by the children of those who 30 years before had lauded it like that of a god, and when a feeble old man, the pitied plaything of women and priests, with enemies at his frontiers, starving mobs at his gates, and wretchedness throughout his silent palaces, was all that remained of the gallant warrior who had awed the Parliament of Paris with a frown, and had fascinated to sin the pture beauty of La Valli&re. They lead us onward to that Regency of Philippe d'Orleans which seemed fated to undo the work of his predecessor, which inaugurated itself bv rescinding the wiU of Louis XIV. and changing the destined succession to the Crown, which reversed the French policy of 20 years and allied itself to England against Spain, which banished priestly hypocrisy from the Palace and filled it with the coarse sensualities of Vitellius, and wbich fitlypreluded the reign of Louis XV. and of Dubarry. Clearly and fully they reproduce for us the ETpper France of the old monarchy in various phases of a checkered fortune, with its feudal elements absorbed in a centralizing despotism,_ with a King proclaiming " L'Etat c'est moi"-and with a nobility converted into courtiers or soldiers, in fulll and contented subjection to the Throne, and deprived of all real political influence, but invested withshadowy social distinctions and with strange and iniquitous fiscal privileges, which were to form the germs of a distant revolution. Underneath they shadow forth an unenfranchised commonalty, as yet unambitious of power; brilliant soldiers and light-hearted peasants, held in small account by the rulers of the State, but sometimes, at the sting of protracted want, making their voices heard in fierce complaints, portending a dread and sanguinary retribution. And, rich as they are in historical allusion, and in the varied colour of their time, they are yet moro valuable for their vivid portraiture of individuals and classes ; for occasionally they describe characters wvith equal clearness and truth, and even when they rtn into harshness and caricature they retain the mark of keen observation. In singular contrast to their usual maniner, but true to the conception of every Frenchman of the time, they throw a mantle of grandeur over the tottering form, the rude gestures, and the unkingly appearance of William I L, and give us, not the sickly alien who was but tolerated as the alternative of tyranny-not thedull and morose Calviuist whom even Burnet calls " slow," and who shocked a nobility accustomed to see a gentleman in a King, but the farseeing organizer of two coalitions against France; the statesman whose life was a long plot against that Power which had well-nigh been the arbiter of Europe, but which at length yielded to his persevering will ; and the warrior who, though vanquished by Cond6 and Luxembourg, ever rose superior to defeat, ever shone greatest in adversity, and heralded the victories of Blenheim and Ramilies. From a point of view exactly opposite, they present to us the old age of Loutis XIV., rudely breaking through the divinity which hedged the idol of Boileau and Molibre, and with cruel satire exhibiting the broken frame and the lackered features of a harsh, a donineering, and a vacillating despot, who intrenches himself in a factitious dignity, but is really the slave of women, of priests, and of his own evil temper,-who meddles in every detail of public business, from directing a campaign to signing a pardon, and often mars the designs of his advisers,-who insists on a solitary and Imperial state, yet pries into the minutest affairs of the courtiers around him,-who pretends an abject devotion to religion, yet boasts himself superior to law, and encourages profligacy by sanctioning its resence and legitimizing its offspring,-and who busies himself with the splendid trifles of this .wnAr7 w ahi singa ut sef-a WOrld, wVhie siuluatimc aU -utter selfabnomt for the next. They introduce us to the discrowned exile of St. Germains,-as he appeared to the high-spirited courtiers of Versailles, -a strange medley ef meanness, irresolution, and pride, flattered at a mock majesty, which should have seemed a gilded shame-ignoring the Boyne and La Hogue, and vexed that William had been recognized at the Peace of Ryswickcross at mourning being worn for his daughter as Queen Mary-exacting homage, yet living on alms -planning schemes of a hopeless invasion he would not lead, and yet, with a touch of professional or English pride, breaking out into admiration for th'ho,e dauntless seamen who were carrying dlestruetio.u into the armada of Toiu-ille and depriving him .for ever of the prospect of a ti-one. So, too, with -iore or less truthfulness, but generally from the sid- of their inner life, as they passed beilore z keen eye in their daily undress and stripped of the trappings of flattery and fame, the chief narhe,3 of the Conmt of Louis XIV. appear in these memoirs-the skilful, but debauched and indolent Luxembourg ; l>he gallant and martial, but reckless Villerol; the fthy - and depraved Vendome, in a leprosy of vice which would deform a Yahoo, but no mean support of the Iouse of Bourbon; the 'AbrLded ; 18ie . 7B?3 Bayle St. John. )Frst courtly Villars, who alone met Marlborough without disgrace the noble and magnificent Bouflfiers, beloved alike by the army and the people: the illustrious Berwick, whom the author carps at in vain, but who conquered Spain in a single battle; the brilliant and worthless Philippe d'Orleans, whom Louis described well as a 'fanfaron& des vices ;" and those princely, but death-doomed children of France, whose untimely fate left the Kiug almost heirless on the throne, and tempted him to that scheme of bringing his bastards into the succession which alienated a proud aristocracy from, the throne. N{or less completely do these memoirs remove the mask from the features of those courtly dames and laughing girls whom we see on the varnished canva%3 of [ W-atteau* for they show us how vice and pro- fligacy, and folly and hypocrisy, too often marrad those jewelled and brocaded forms. Finally, in repeated but unconscious touches, they give us an exact liLkeness of the author himself-a type of the ar-stocratic courtier of the period-below the average bravery of his fellows, but far above their level in dexterous observabion-deprived of feudal power, and the merest vassal of the King, but jealously tenacious of empty shadows of precedence and titles-with high notions of honour, but scoffing at the faith which glorified the Dragonnades, though not averse to a true religion-calculating and scheming and intensely selfish, but with a strong feeling for family and friendly ties-and, while ready to acknowledge the King as supreme in everything, despising all other depositaries of authority, and fancying his own order the very crown and flower of human existence. The Memoirs of St. ,Simon commence in 1692, when the fortune of Louis was at its zenith, but when William III. had combined against him the first grand alliance. They close at the death of the Regent in 1723, when France and England were at length at peace, when the House of Brunswick was firm on the throne, when Louis XV. was begining his inglorious reign, and when Walpole had inaugurated his great AdmniDstration. Their author tells us that from tine to time he noted down his experiences for the purpose of giving a picture of France during this period; but at all points tbey touch the history of civilized Europe. They were not completed until 1743, when St. Simon was in his 68th year, and when very few of the personages he so vividly portrays could have been lingering on the scene. But a work which laid bare the Court and monarchy of Louis xrv., and which removed that silvery veil of imposing majesty in which despotism ia so often enshrouded, was not calcalated to please that Most CIhristian King, who exaggerated the vices of the Grand Monarque, without his redeeming capacity and resolution. The memoirs were seized by the Government of Louis XV.; and, though occasionally they were seen by a favoured few, neither the Revolution, though it unlocked many secrets of the Palace, nor the Empire, which perhaps had an interest the other way, ever gave t em fully to the public eye. At length, in 1829, 86 years after their completion, and when the grandson of the Infant who inherited the crown of Louis XIV., and who transmitted anarchy to his ill-fated smccessor, was about to fulfil the destiny of his race, and to descend for ever from his ancestral throne, they appeared to tell their curious story. Although they run to extravagant length-the edition of 1829 is in 22 volumes-they were instantly caught up and read by the public, and their sale in France has ever since been large. "Since thepublication of Scott's novels," says M. St. Benoe, " no book has been more widely welcomed ;" it is the mine from which every writer of this generation has drawn materials for an account of Louis XIV. and the Regent. and without it Mr. Macaulay could not have done what he has done. But, though these memoirs have been ;so popular in France, and will always please the thinker and the student, we are not surprised that, as Mr. St. John tells us, they have not reached the mass of English readers. For their style is often cumbrous and involved; their length is a heavy tax on literary leisure; their elaborate details of pedigrees, genealogies, and heraldic mysteries, however characteristic and suggestive of their age, are not calculated to amuse the multitude ; and to appreciate them a good deal of information is necessary. And therefore we think Mr. St. Joha was right in remembering that the half may be better than the whole, and in abridging these memoirs, instead of translating them. The four volumes before us, which are an epitome of eleven of greater size, and which carry down the narrative to 1711, will probably make St. Simon popular among us, though they have necessarily suffered from the process of condensation, and have lost much of the cast aud form of their original. They are, upon the whole, a creditable performance, show skill in selection, and are fairly written, though we think some passages in them should have been omitted, and now and then Mr. St. John has made the mistake that vulgarisms in diction are idiomatic English. The life of St. Simon is, of course, woven in with his memoirs; but, considering his vanity and self-esteem, it is strange that it fills so scanty a place in them. He was born in 1675. His family had once been noble and powerful, but had decaved in the times of Henri IV. and the League, and his father began life as a page of Louis XII[. A bit of Raleigh-like dexterity made the fortune of the youth; he rose rapidly in the service of his Royal master; was made Ecuyer-en-Chef and Governor of Blaye; and subsequently became a Duke and a Peer of France. He was associated with the fortunes of Louis XIII.; identified himself with Mazarin and the Crown in the wars of the Fronde; like many of our own Cavaliers, half ruined himself for the ICing, and saw old age come on him in titled penuiry. In his 64th year he married for the second time, when he finally withdrew from Paris for his estates at Blaye; for, as he shrewdly remarked, he had taken a wife for himself, and not for the Court; and here, apparently, his only son was born. He lived to see the child grow up to manhood, but the care of its education devolved on his wife, who, we are told, was "zremarkable for virtue, perseverance, and sense," and whose memory St. Simon trea-ts with due affection. The boy was brought up at Rochefort with Philippe, Duc de Chartres, afterwards Regent of France. He became, and for life continued, the friend of this prince. He was early trained by his mother to push his way in the world, and, as Mr. St. John remarks, was never youthful in character. In 1692, at the aae of 17, he entered the Mousquetaires Gris of the'king, and rmade his first campaign at that siege of Namur which raised the glory of Louis to the highest pitch, but from which dates his slow and terrible decline. He gives us a graphic sketch of this passage of arms; how the tent of Louis was the centre of chivalry and beauty ; how the presence of the King and the smiles of the fairest of Versailles urged Luxembourg and his army to unwonted valour; and how at length the fortress fell amid general exultation. St. Simon distinguished himself at' this siege; but war was not his real vocation, though he was in active service for four campaigns, and in 1694 was thought fit to command a regiment, for with him discretion was the better part of valour. He had little of that dashing and noble coirage whioch should have characterizod one of the lMai,f du Boi, and his vigorous powers of observing life were at fault when dealing with military affairs. It is probable, therefore, that it was for his interest, as certainly it was for that of the student, that he threw up his commission at 27, and devoted his time to the brilliant and historical circle which gathered round Louis at Marli and Versailles. There he took notes of all he saw and heard, and became the Herodotus of Court anecdote and description. At the age of 19 he began his memorable work, and continued at it for 60 years. From childhood he had preferred history to more exact studies, and he tells us that his memoirs were suggested by those of Marshal Bassompierre. At. an age when very few can appreciate life he had resolved to delineate the character of his time, and to write its history In that of the personages around him; and the ch3nging and wonderful drama in which he lived and mnoved was not unworthy of his powers of description. Before him was the France of 1694-a nation absorbed in a brilliant despotism and flushed with glory, with all the elements of its power concentrated in a king who had added conq..est to conquest and province to province, with the lustre of a hundred victories on its arms-with wor'd-wide renownu for all the arts of peace-with Luxemn'urg and Vauban for the field, Tourville for the fteej and Louvois for the Cabinet-witlh a Court which ruled Elimrope in fashion as well as in diplomaacy,-and yet interpenetrated with those seeds of decay which tyr'snny, and ambition, and class gosent ymd Invq ably 9Qw inL tiLou Z life. The scene was soon to shift to the France of 1708, when the shock of relerxtless war and the cries of a ruined nation were to break the tombre mag- nificence of Versailles, and to interrupt Madame de I Maintenon andLe Tellierin their preaching,-when Louis still stood undaunted against Europe, but had a exclaimed to Chamrillard, " Let us perish together," -and when a noblesse, in its agony, had given its plate to save a Crown, yet never cast a thought on the hierarchy of extortion which was grinding the life out of a famishing people. And yet again it was to change to the France of 1720,-when wickedne3s was to walk triumphant in high placers,-when the elements of all government were dissolving in corruption, when the strife between genius and power was commencing, and when a worthless Court, a debased aristocracy, a perverted Church, and a neglected Tier* &S were passing on to the chaos of 1793. For his task St. Simon had large opportunities, great perseverance, a kee,n eye, a judgment of remarkable coolness and precision, constant familiarity with the sECenes he portrays, and prejudices which only bring out his subject more clearly. This peculiar combination made his work what it is. In 1694 he married, and the courtship was characteristic of worldliness in its teens. Fromn earliest youth he had resolved that the race of St. Simon was to be transmitted through the noblest channel, but as to the individual he stood very indifferent. He applied to a Grand Seigneur for some one of his daughters, inasmuch as they equally fulfilled the requisite conditions, and his admiration of aU was quite impartial. Failing here, he made a like request to the Marechal de Lorges, and he succeeded in obtaning an exceUent wife, to whom he was much attached, and who loved him well. The Ducheese de St. Simon was beautiful and amiable; but perhaps her highest claim to her husband's esteem was skil in Court arts and unfailing tact. St. Sinon narrates with evident pride how, when he was nominated to the embassy to Rome, the Minister advised him to hide nothing from his youthful wife, and to take her counsel on all affairs of State. From 1702, when he ceased to be a soldier, till 1723, he lived about the Court of Louis XIV. and the Regent. The King had been very angry at his leaving his service, and teased him by a series of petty vexatious. HUetells with bitter pique how his vwife was invited to Trianon without him, how he was only on State occasions at Marli, and how he bore with cynical politeness the peine forte et dure of the Monarch's displeasure. But there were reasons to prolong the coolness of Louis. He had foUlowed out the policy of R.ichelieu. and M4azarin in breakin' dow the territorial noblesse, and had rooted by their side an official aristocracy which gradually overshadowed Its rival, and became the powrerful delegate of the Crown . Partly in furtherance of this end, and partly from the instinct of a father's affection, he had outraged the pride of high birth in France by allying his bastards to cousins of the blood. He had just reason to be, angry with the Duo d'Orleans, who had been forced to submit to one of these marriages, and who avenged himself by an ostentatious profligacy which was said to conceal the deadliest crimes, and the usurping schemes of our Richard HI. Now, St. Simon felt the true feudal scorn towards the rnoblesse de ice robe and the C1&evaliers cVlndusti-ie, as the D'Aguer,seaus and Colberts were called by his class, and he sigtnalized himself by slights on this powerful body. 'Sven beyond the average of his fellows, he believed that the welfare of the State meant the dignity of his order ; that a long genealogy was a patent of greatness and nobleness; and that to taint a pure, pedigree witha baseborn blood was a treason against aristocracy, though the culprit was a K ing. B,esides, he was the friend of the Duo d'Orleans, and to do him justice he made no secret of his friendship; and, finally, he had made himself conspicuous by strenuously opposing, as derogatory to his order, some trifles of Court etiquette Louis wished to establish. And hence he remained an object of Royal dislike, though he never was actually in disgrace, and he continued to meix in the gilded throngs which crowded the ante-chambers of Versailles. HIe consoled himself for inaction and iiisfavour by making himself a kind of Kling-at-Arms in the interest of the noblesse, and by eking out his spite in caricatulres in his Mfemoirs. Hlere he succeeded to perfection. Doubtless the great KZing felt very self-satisfied when he damned writh a faint, supsrcilious, bow the mortified Duke at his gorgeous levees. But could he have seen the retribution preparing for him; how a keen eye and cunning hand were taking his likeness for posterity; how v bs infirmities, and meeannesses, and foibles, and superstitions were to be quoted and signed with a vivid and malicious, precision, he perhaps wrould have sought to propitiate his Nemesis. D'uring the War of the Succession, when the King might have anticipated the appi al of Napoleon), " that the time had come for Frenchmen to conquer or die," St. Simon remained in inglorious repose. Though the strife had come to one of the last livre and the last man, it never seems to have crossed his mind that a colonel in the French army should prefer the sword to the pen. With great indifference hie describes the bloody days of Blenheim, Ranailiez, Oudenarde, and Turin, and he has little but a sneer forVillars at Malplaquet. But, though out of favour, he had gained a reputation for skill in intrigue; and Louis,, in the interest of the public service, which he sometimes preferred to personal feelings, offered to him, when under 30, the embassy to Italy. The office was of the very highest trust, for the French armies had recently been driven across the Alps, but there was a chance that French diplomacy might retrieve the defeat and array Italy against the alLiance. But Madame de Maintenon and MI. de Maine, betwveen whom and St. Simon there wats a cordial reciprocity of dislike, prevailed on the King not to fill the office;and, except the appointment to his father's government of Blaye, he never obtained another favour from Louis. He remained the firm friend of the Duo d'Orleans, which kept his unpopularity at Court alive; but he never countenanced that; Prince in his vices; he thoroughly disliked the disreputable Dubois; he weaned Philip from Madame d'Argenton; and, as long as he dared, he resisted a Royal command wvhich made his wife lady in waiting to Dfademoiselle la Duchesse do Berri, of infamous memory. As a soldier he was w.anting to France and to himself; but there were touches of dignity in the courtier and the man. The place of the Duchesse de St. Simon at CYourt brought him into an intimacy with the Duo do Blourgogne, the elder brother of the Dulke do Berri, and heir-apparent to the French Crown. This intimacy was at its height upon the death of Moneeigneur in 1711, when the Duo de Bourgogne became Dauphin. The pupil of Fdnelon was gentle and pious, and had viewed with horror the ruin entailed on France by the long and disastrous War of the Succession. He had divided the command at Oudenarde with Vendome, but had bitterly felt that ILauis had attributed to him the entire blame of that fatal day, and had exculpated the bastard grandson of Henry IV. He was also the uxorious husband of a beautiful princess, of whom St. Simon gives a charming portrait, but whose father had been a member of the Alliance. And hence he had much in comamon with one who felt a peculiar aver- sion to war, who, if he could, would have been the Grand Inquisitor of illegitimacy, and would have made Vend6me his first victim, who had a superstitious reverence for high birth, and who attributed al the misfortunes of France to the rise of the bureaucratic nobZesse, which was always the merest creature of Louis. The Dauiphin became the disciple of St. Simon, and lent a willing ear to schemes for regenerating France by reorganizing feudalism, getting rid of controllers, intendants, and delegates, and banishing illegitimacy from high places. But while yet the great Ring was lingering on the throne the princely lisener was cut off in his prime, and St. Simon's visions remaied unrealized. From this time until the death of Louis he returned to his role of courtly inaction, but kept a close friend of Philippe d'Orleans, to whom the destiny of France was about to be committed. On the 9th of September, 1715, Louis XTV. was buried, more like a felon than a king. Before a week had passed his will was a dead letter, aud Philippe d'Orleans was Regent of France. St. Simon now obtained the just reward of years of a perilous and disinterested friendship. He refused the great office of Minister of Finance, as he disapproved the fiscal policy of his master, but he became a member of one of the Councils of Regency, which had been substituted for administration by individuals. Here he held a prominent place; but, though the Regent always Jlsij,ned to his counsels, remained for life his friend, and gi;ye him much of his patronage, his politics and opinioi. were a bar to his elevation. He dia- uwd QQ QmQ 9t )4-ace w}%Rlg41lanlds 04db a8nation which had repudiated the divine right of legitimacy. He had a horror of Dabois, and ha, sketched him with equal malice and power; br Dfubois was the guiding statesman of the Regency. He was wedded to the scheme of resuscitating feudalism in France, and for this end he urged the rovival of the States-General, for he thought the noblesse would be paramount in it,- but the Regent viewed the project with distrust, and, indeed, at last he abandoned it himself. He detested the Parliaments as strongholds of a plebeian caste, whose intellects he feared, whose pretensions he scorned, and one of whose presidents had insulted him on the tenderest point, by denying the purity of his pedigree, whereas Philip had treated these bodies with favour at first, though afterwards he reduced them to their former subserviency. He loathed the brood of stockjobbing and trading adventurers who were now penetrating society in France, for he feared that their wealth might. raise them above their station; but Law was a favourite of the Duke d'Orleans. And hence, though he had the intense gratification of seeing some of that aristocracy of intendants, delegates, and tax-gatherers whom Louis had raised above the noblesse disgorge the spoils of sanctioned peculation; though he was alowed to protest before the Parliament of Paris at the legitimization of the bastards of the King, and succeeded in striking them down from their high estate, his political influence was really small, and cesed altogether on the death of his patron. The Regent, whom he called " L'homme aux moyens termes," and who laughed at him as " L'homme immuable," could not rely on him for offices of high public trust. One mission, however, he fulIlioed with great eclat. He was sent to Spain as ambassador, to negotiate a marriage between the Prince of Asturias and a daughter of the Regent. He had always favoured the Spanish alliance, and sympathized with a nation where feudalism was rampant, where a few grandees monopolized power, where even the merchants belonged to the noblesse, and where the Escurial was not profaned by parvens or bastards. Hoe fills volumes with his pilgrimage to this land of long pedigrees, made himself thoroughly popular at the Spanish Court, was appointed a grandee, and received the Golden Fleece for his son. Indeed, we are surprised that he ever returned from that stately circle of pure nobility, which made the throne of Spainthe centre of arrogant impotence, to that France where Berwick was still a Marshal, and where the Comte dHorn had been broken on the wheel for murdering a low stockjobber. Perhaps the thought that, afer all, Alberoni had been the plebeian Governor of Spain may have determined his resolution. At the death of the Regent his public career ceased. A hint from Cardinal Fleury made him leave the Court. He retired to his estates, where he spent his time at his memoirs, and where. although a Grand Seigneur, he was respected and beloved. Occasionally he paid a visit to Paris, and lookedon agenerationwhichknewhimnot,-inwhich Louis XV. had restored the centralized despotism of his great-grandfather, but without its magnificence, its glory, or its policy,-in which the order of the noblesse was fast sinking into disrepute, and represented Conde and Turenne by Richelieu and Soubise; in which the glory of Bossuet and Fen6lon had faded from the Church; and in which the elements of revolution were being matured by the wit of Voltaire and the reason of Montesquieu. He died in 1755, when the youth of that aristocracy which he thought the Alpha and Omega of France, denuded of power, but odious as a caste, profligate, ignorant, and wanti.ng self-respect, were preparing their old age for Santerre and the guillotine. We pass from St. Simon to his great work. We need scarcely say that no sketch could convey an idea of the medley of history, anecdote, gossip, and talk which he has flung together in huge disorder. But, confining ourselves to that half of the Memoirs which appears in epitome in Mr. St. John's volumes, we may state the results we think it affords. In the first place St. Simon sets clearly before us the status of the ancient monarchy of France and its true relations to the other orders of the nation. lIt was a despotism resting on a bureaucracy, extremely powerful and penetrating in its influences, excessively hostile to feudal claims, but alive to opinion, if that of the nblsse. But it was a despotism which held the people in no account, and which treated them as mere machines, to be drilled, to be shot, to be taxed, and to obey. Louis XIV., in these memoirs, is an absolute King. He makes laws and levies taxes. He silences the Parliament of Paris in 1708, when they ventured to doubt the policy of his corn laws. He rewognizes the Pretender as James IIL., without asking the opinion of any one. He takes on himself she responsibility of the war of the Succession, and, against the wish of all France, will abate nothing of his claims. He lays down the plan of campaigns in his closet, and in the field he dictates to Luxemburg and Vauban. He tampers a good deal with the administration of justice, although in the presence of a Lamoignon and a d'Aguesseau, hurries on trials, hushes up murders, and thwarts law by that habeas corpus of tyranny, a lettre de cadcet. He brings his prerogative into private as well as public affairs, for he has spies on his nobles' families, dictates their iarriages, watches their journeys, and opens their letters. It is true that he has a Privy Council and Ministers, but they are of a new and obsequious noblesse,-that of the Chamillards, the Voysins, andthe Desmarets,-andhe orgaaizesa paid army of intendants and controllers to make his will felt completely throughout France, and everywhere to break down local authority. He centres everything in this caste, and, full of ancient memories of the Fronde, he dislikes his own family and the feudal setgneurie. He refuses a command to the Prince de Conti, sedulously keeps down the Duc de Chartres, thwarts Monsieur his brother whenever he can, but heaps favours on Vend6me and Berwick. In his time, says St. Simon, " to be of no condition and to be a bastard" was the true title to honours in France, and the carping epigran illustrates a policy. In a word, he absorbs the nation in himself, and rules it through his merest creatures ; and this is, perhaps, most clearly seen in our author's constant but unconscious habit of always identifying France with the Kling. And yet, though he was thus resolved to be absolute, though he hired his Ministers, was the Government, kept down the noblesse, and tyrannized over his famzily, he felt that a decent respect was due to that noble array of feudal aristocracy, as yet uindegenerate, and soldiers as well as courtiers, who filled his proud halls with their brilliant forms, and headed his squadrons in a hundred battles. He was very careful of their precedence and titles, took pains to graduate his courtesies according to their rank, and once in the agony of the war of the Succession, when he particularly wanted their blood and their treasure, he condescended to justify his conduct to them. It was only the people-the payers of tai/les, corv6es, and gabedees -the masses which gathered round the band erolUes of the Montmorencies, and the De Noailles, and which bled unremembered at Blenheim and Malplaquet,the despised Tiers Etat which clamoured vulgarly for bread, and which had to wait for three generations for vengeauce,-that counted for nothaing in the France of the Great King. Very just was the mocking epitaph of that people on himn:- " A Saint Denis comnea~.Versailles, _ fl est sans ccear, et sans entrailles." In the next place these memoirs clearly reveal the enormous power and great brilliancy of this despotism. When they open, Louis had been about 3; years supreme. The States-General had not met since 1614. The death of Mazarin had left the King unshackled, and the Parliaments which had revolutionized France in his youth had shrunkinto mere judicial functionaries. The feudal nobility were quite dependent, and a generation had passed since they had led the militia of the arribere ban. With all the elements of power in himself, with great ambition, immense popularity, and singular skill in choosing able instruments, Louis had created an empire which menaced Europe. He had the best generals and the finest armies in the world. Voltaire tells us that at one time he had 400,000 men under arms. He had created a navy superior to that of England, which had defeated Torrington at Beachy-head. He had once had Holland almost in his hands, had despoiled Spain wholesale, and had reft provinces from the Empire. As the embassies of Europe passed along those stately avenues to Paris which he had named the roads to Spain, to Italy, and to Germany, many of their members have recorded their envious admiration at his public works, his superb buildings, his improvements of Paris, the splendour of hig Court, the glories of Versailles, the beauttis of Marli and Trianon, the high fame of the soidiers, the statesmen, the prelates, and the men of lettera who threw the lustre of genius on his tlwgQe. Wh9L Pt, ,iming jQia94 the Mousque- taires, William m. had arrayed against him England and Holland, and Spain, and Germany; but he was on all points the attacking party; he had taken Mons, and was about to take bNamur. In the strife which followed, when French troops were exclusively in the field, he won every battle but that of La Hogue; he bad armies in Flanders, in Ireland, in Spain in Italy, and in Germany; and William, who dislked him with a personal dislike, and had spent his life in astruggle against him, was glad to make the r eace of Ryewick. In the War of the Snccessioni abl the chances were in his favour; he planned the most magnificent scheme3 of attack, which, had Luxemburg led his aries, would probably have placedVienna in his power; he won the battles of Deetin, of Ansapza, of Calcinato, and of Villa Viciosa; and, though the genius of Marlbofough at last broke down his strength, the treaty of Utrecht left Spain to his grandson. And, terrible as he was abroad, ho was long omnipotent at home. For years the nation of France obeyed him to a man. Foryears, without a murmur, and intoxicated by his glory, they flocked to his standards, paid his consunAng tayes, and bore the eetcortions practised on them. Even the Dragonnades and the Revocation of the Edict of 1Nantea did not cause a rebellion. It was not until, as wass said, " the oil had left the lamp1" till Philip of Orleans had exclaimed "They are knd not to rebel," till large traots of country were lying in was soit ardtill war had left L France a people of mourners, that at lat the belief ipoltism, org gave way. Even then the rebellion Tsonvly local,and Louis died in full powerm though execrated by hispel. And yet these Menwirs but echo the truth that the iron frame of this despotism had feet of treacherous cpay. So long as Louis was mature and vigorous, and while a generation of Frenchmen lasted that was born in comparativo freedomt, th palsying inluences of his Government were not felt, and its organization was fed by a healthful life. the genius of Turenne and of Cond6, of Colbert and Tourville, which was reared in the stormy days of the Fronde, was turned to the highest account by a power which wielded the entire resources of France, and knew no control but its own wll But when old age had come upon the King when he was swayed by a Maintenon, a Due de oiain, and a Le Tellier, and when he was compelled to select his instruments out of a race of courtiers, the incapacity of despotismn to foster greatness, the peril of committing the State to one man, the jobbing, theeirresponsibility, the peculation, and the favouritismwhich invariably attend this kind of rule, and which break out in all their fulness when its strength is impaired, became fearfully apparent, and were the ruin of France. The Chanmillards, th Voysins, the Villerois, and the MIarsIns-the favoured courtiers of Louis in his decline-were but poor opponents to Somers, Godolphin, and Marlborough, the chosen Ministers of a free nation; and, during the entire War of the Succession, the only general of France of fir6trate capacity was an Englshman, bred in a land of freedom. And yetht i wouldhave been well if the curse of this despotism had stopped at corruption in power and imbecility in office-at the Royal folly which rejected the trtegy of Luxemburg and threw away its only chance of destroying William,-at the favouritishe which made a Dur de Maine a commander-in-chief, and which slighted Boufflers with unmerited neglect,-at the jealousies of Ministers, who, without responsibility, thwarted each other and deceived the ring,and at all the vices of administration under a tyrant in decrepitude. For St. Simon's Memoirs are full of the lesson that ifdespotism can anticipate the resources of a nation, and create an array of imposing powser, it invariably leads to a premature decay; that forced greatness is succeeded by exhaustion; and that the centralized Government, the ruinous waste, and the destructive splendour of the Grand MIonarque not only weakene-d EFrance for two generations, and led to the inglorious epoch of Louis XV., but were the ultimate causes of the great revolution. The res-lts of the despotism of Louis XIV. are typified in the striking and dramatic contrast which Thucydides draws between the insolence of Athenian power at Melos, and its dread catastrophe at Syracuse. Aga;n, these o emoirs illustrate the common alliance of superstition, profligacy, and despotic power. ouis XsIV. had atoned for his arrogance towards the Eoly See by acts which in the eyes of the head of the Church had entitled him to the name of the Mlost Christian King. he had established rellgious unity in France by one of the most desperate proscriptions on record, which had sent hundreds of thousands of HIuguenots ints exile, had devastated villages and dietricts with fire and sword, and had armed against hia the battalions of t uvigoy and Schomberg. Ls zealous for the faith than their Royal master, and mistrusting his interpretation of the texut that the gospel had been sent to bring the sword and not peace into the world, several of his own prelates hal been outof favour with him for not speeding the bloodthirsty mitssions of the Dragonuades. Ho had even stooped to the creed of the Jesuits, and, in consideration that Le Tellier had made him believe that his people might be fleeced and slaughtered at their shepherd's will, he had razed PortRoyal to the ground, he had dealt with its abbess and nuns after the fashion of prostitutes, and, though ignorant of controversial theology, he had denounced the faith of Pascal as worse than atheism. For the sake of power he rastianized the GaDUican Church, and for that of conscience or absolution he RomaRni7ed it in his old age. Finally, he was regular at confession and in self-mortification; he filled his palaces with the pomp and privations of Catholicism; he atoned for early errors by marrying tadame de Maintenon; and even on her deathbed he kept aloof from Madame de Montespan. And yet what was the inner life of this Court of scrupulous sanctity which justitied tyranny and selfishness in the name of religion'? Louis XEtV. allows thle Duchesse de Bourgogne, the heircss of France, the lovely and virtuous wife of his grandson, to associate with the filthy monster Vend6me, and to be intimate vwith La Chain, the mistress of her father-in-law. He marries his grandsonlto Mademoiselle, though the cloud of incest had gathered on her name; and he allows her father to go to Spain, though charged with intrigulng with his grandson's wife. He is jealous about the precedence of the ladies at Versailles, bht takes less heed of their tender frailties than of the fal of their lappets. He has several bishops in his diocessesand at his lev6es who openly keep mistresses and scandalize abbesses. He himself, though he bends the knee to a Jesuit, has really no sympathy with th th which inculcates charity and goodwill, and which levels even kings before the maensty of Heaven. Thefabric of priestly domination he has reared, and in which he enshrines himself, half tyrant, half. penitent, covers a mass of hypocrisies and abominations. The atmosphere of this palace, though redolent of incense, divided in equal measure between himnself and his Maker, is not less rank withothe odours of sin. But, undoubtedly, the most valuable element of these Mlemoirs is their portraiture of individual characters. We read them with the interest in their vivid delineations which we feel as we pass through a gallery of Vandykes. A twofold method is visible in them-description by allusion in touches and by inuendoes, and clear and plain daguerreotypingl, at fnUl length. The range of the artist is extraordinary, it extends to almost every celebrity of the time, and it is equally happy in recalling the frank grace, the gentle dignity, and the playful charm of the Duchess de Bourgogne-the dull and vapid nothingness of Monseigneur-the sycophantic meannesses of Dubois and Albaroni, and, breakingf through the mask oF a princely demeanour, the worse thaWn satyr-like vices of Vend6me. But St. Simon cannot always be considered a trustworthy guide. If the old age of Louis XIV. showed its features of meanness, selfishness, and weakness, it had its lingering touches of greatness and resolution; and it succeeded a manhood of kingly grandeur which St. Sitmon beheld, and yet his kept concealed. There is strong partiality in his likeness of Philip of Orleans; it pal- liates or keeps in the shade his wick-ednesses and crimes, and it brings out unduly his brilliancy and good-nature. Though no colours are too black for the private life of Vendbme, the victor of Almanza is caricatured; and a General second only to Marlborough in genius for war is abandoned to a series of carping sneers. LAdvertisemernt.-" The Plant Hunters ; or, Adventures among the HEirsalya o nmtaina" by Oastain Ma,ne Iolai, 1lnatrateo 0y Havey and Evans, Qoeh gUit, pri0e 73, being the OaDihn's iew Boys' Book for the nresent Eenon. " Whrover hia new boolt goes tbis new year there will be abundant dolight for boors of tadming and plEnt, to talk of bv the evening fire. Tales and ad,eabz dsgQeen Carings. and euff'rnege ar,e norceted in tho mist vivid mune thoroughly fareinailtng tbe nnnd ol the reader, and retaining 1a In 1lzexiansd eager attention tiU a cisia ol e0nme kind ie re3cheL" Also. ready in7 a fe day3. uniform wvith Ithe hore, a newr boot X nofinalI 7adveetues, pIeg' "u E4"NAwa so ,e" J. and( 0. sP.S andO Leedon. -
2RB EXETER.HALL SERVIOE.W TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TINMB. Sir,-WiUI you allow me space for a few remkrks suggested by the late conversation in the. House of Lords on Lord Shsftesbury's proposed amendment of the Act for the Regulation of Religious Worship I No right-minded Christa miniater-let me even say, no really Chrstian man-conciousiy desre. power severed from responsibility. Ambition, while a mere instinct, prompting theposeeor of moreSh ordinary powers to seek a sphere for their exercise, Is, like all other instincts, given for useful pur poses; but when it becomes a passion it then, liket all other iustinct fed up into passions, manifes itself asathing of evil, which no good mma w wilfully take to his bosm Bat every Christiza minister, while dIacliming power without responsibility, has a right to decliae reiponsibility without power to fulfil it. The two propositions are correlative, and only different aspects of the same principle. The question to. wFhich the late inhibition of the Exeter-ha1l services has given rise all reasonable men will allow, whem stripped of its adventitious circumstances, to b simply this-how by legislation to apportion between bishops and Incumbents powers commensurate with their relative responsibilities. This is notat all an easy question to answer, but it Is a very inportant one; aud if it be disctused in a candict spirit some incidental good will probably arise, whether the effort to come to a satisfactory result ba successful or not. In ancient times the solution would have been simple, from the fact that to the inferior official no. responsibility whatever attached beyond that ofobedience to his superiors. But the course of events has been such that therelative responsibilities have been all but reversed. The rights of private patrons, and still more the rights. of the Crown, have cut away from under the feet of the bishop all responsibility of that kind which was formerly regarded as inherent in him. A formee illustrious Chancellor is reported to have maintained in conversation that he could, if he pleased, present a layman to a benefice, and compel the bishop to. ordain and admit him. I cannot say whether thisa particular boast was well founded; but it was altogether unnecessary to point out how very small is. the extent of legal power-the question is not of moral iniluence-possessed by the chief pastorover the beneficed clergy of his diocess. To regardi him as responsible for their shortcomings is, indeed, very common. It is the expression, however, only of a popular feeling traditionally handed down froma very different tahte of things. Over and overagain, in order to satisfy this feling, has there been a demand made for greater powers to enforce discipline, whereas the real want was of an impulsivepower, stimulative of good, such as the modern constitution does not recognize. The legal status of the bishop was in the ancient theory that of the valiant; and skilful General; themodern theory makes him the provost-marshl. INow, the proposed change has a manifest tendency to alter this state of things. If it be sanctioned by the Legislature, an important step will Indeed be made towards the revival of the original functions of the bishop in all parishes of which thepopulation is considerabie. In such he, or by his sanction any individual or body of individuals whomn. he may consider deserving of his confidence, will acquire what may be called (using the term in noinvidious sense) an aggressive power. If he conceive that the teaching of an incumbent is in any aspect imperfect, he may at once apply the remedy by sending, or allowing others to send, clerical missionaries into his parish, and this quite irrespectively of the special defect attracting his attenticn: -a point which should not be lost sight of. Undoubtedly, this is a return towards the old idea; but the old idea belongs to a time whew free thought was unknown, when submission supplied the place of agreement, and almost every one possessing the capacity to form an independent judgment was engaged in carrying out foregone( conclusions. The old idea implies habitual deference on the part of the inferior clergy to the judgment of their diocesan. It implies also a contlnuity of sentiment on the part of successive occupants of the same see, and a concord among the supericr dignitaries themselves. Hlave we in these days either the arrangemaents which brought about these results, or anything else which may be relied on as a substitute for themanything which can be regarded a sufficient pledge that a spirit of loyalty towards their ecclesiastical cbiefs will pervade the great body of the clergy, sothat the uniformity which prevailed in ages gone bymay be represented by a substantial unity ? Can we,, in other words, hope that the proposed supplemen.- tary agencywill be able to operate to its natural effe-t, in assimilating the teaching of the whole diocess to that of Its ecclesiastical governor, while at the same time the harmony of the dioceses with one anothershall be maintained unimpaired ? No one will expect this consummation merelr from the external arrangements of the e3tablishe& church. A clergy mainly independent of theic bishop as regards their appointments, and having no influence, direct or indirect, in his election, are not bound to him by a tie of the same kind as that which4 connected the medi.eval clergy with theirchiefs They may feel affection towards him for his considerate kindness, reverence him for his religious devotion, respect him for his justice, rely upon him for his clear judgment, admire him for his learning, honourhim for his independent spirit, envy him for his administrative ability; but they will never Identify themselves with his views as a matter of course, irrespectively of their own acquiescence in them, never endeavour to carry them out in the spirit in which a soldier does the instructions of his commanding officer,-in which a clerk did those of his, ecclesiastical superior in the middle ages. The practical question is whether the moral influences available at the present tire are adequate to fulfil the end which in time past was brought about by the severe maxims of ecclesiastical obedience. Can greater centralization of authority be effected in a communion of so thoroughly comprehensive a character as that wbich Is established by law in these realms? Verv many of all shades of religious opinion wiUl say it cannot. If, however,it can,. it is perfectly certain that one condition is essential, and that is the general revival of that spirit of toleration which the course of event, withiu the last 25 years has all but extinguished. If a bishop is ta obtain the ready co-operationof his clergy, he mustbe large-minded enouigh toviewvwithan impartialregarcl every aspect of religious truth which is compatible with the formularies of the church, aud mast discourage strongly and habituaUy every attempt, from whatever quarter proceeding, to narrow tho limits of her pale. Peace upon earth, as well as glory to God, was an essential part of the Gospel when it was first proclaimed, and it will be little gain to facilitate the pre3ching of it to one class of society if the machinery by which this is effectedc shall be such as to give more ample scope to thedisplay of envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness among others. There would be mucht greater hope for the success of undertakings set ot foot by any strongly marked section of Churchmean if the promoters would leave their gift before thealtar for a while, to consider wlhether they have not,. by harsh laiguage and uncharitable treatment, aggravated the distrust of those who are not oE their number, and thus widened breaches which must be healed soon if the whole ecclesiastical edifice is not to tumble to nieces. I am, Sir, your oGyient servant. A HEPTFORDSHIRE INCUMBNTr.
MIARRiED WoeL.M.-From Thursday next tha Act passed in the late session to enable married wotnen to dispose of reversionary interests IL personal estates will talke effect. It is deolared that after the 3tst of December inst. it shall be lawful for every matried wreman, by deed, to dispose of every future or reversionary Interest, whether vested or contingent, of seuh married woman, or her husbatnd in her right, in any personal estate whatsoever to which she shall be entitled under' ainstrunment made after the 31st of December, 1857 ; asd2 also to release or extinguish any power which rnay be veste& in or limited or reserved to her in regard to any suoh personal estate, as fnUy and effeotually as she could do if sher were a ferns sole, and also to release and extinpuish her 'l iht or equity to a settlement out of any personal estate to winch she, or her husband in her right, may he eentitled in possesslon tnder any instrument, save andexcept that no such disposition, release, or extinguishutent shall be valid unless the husband concar in the deed by which the same shaU be effected, noF unless the deed be aeuowvledged by her in the manner prescribed. The provision is not to extend to any reversionary interest to which she sbaU become entitled bv virtue of any deed, ill, or instrument by which she saaU be restrained from alienating or affecting the same, The deeds permitted by this Act are to be acknowledged in the same manner as deeds nnder the 3d and tth Wiliam, cip. 74, for abolishing fines and recoveriea. The powers of disposition given by this Act are not to interfere with other powerm nor to extend to settlements of mamied women upon thei marriage. The new lAw is not to exted ho SQQtln4.
3MR. SMILBS'S LIFE OF GBORGE STEP.UENSON. It is now some three months since we reviewed the nbove biography at a length proportioned to the impSortance of the subject, which in our eyes had a aouble interest and significance. George StephenRon rwas not only a truly great mau, but he had the fortune to carry through and consummate a work vbich will hereafter be one of the landmarks of 1history. While honouring, therefore, the personal -qualities he displayed, we had also in view to celebrate the establisbment of the railway aystem, to which he more than any other individual contributed. We therefore reviewed his life at an unusual length in our endeavours to accomplish both these -objects, and yet we may doubt whether we were mot too brief, as we have Bince found there is room for others to raise questions on many points .o which we ourselves very cursorily adverted. Such queationa have been raised in communications we have received from persons of weight and eauthority in engineering circles, and as it was natural that such queations should be opened by the discussion of so wide a subject it is desirable that they should be, if possible, set at rest. As far as ve can contribute to such a result we shall do so by ce-mbining and compressing in a single statement the representationa made from opposite sides on the different points in controversy. The first question is of little importance, and appears only to have arisen from an expression of :lvr. Smiles conveying more, if strictly construed, -than probably he himself intended by it. The readers of his book wil remember his graphic description of the "navvy," and his statement that on the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Stephenson first called that formidable baud into existence, meaning, as may be contended, that their existence iu such large numbers originated through Stephenson's operations on this occa;sien. If, indeed, Mr. Smiles meant more than this be is clearly wrong, for the navvy or navigator was familiarly known as a distinct species of the genus labourer long before he was employed in railway constructions. This class of workmen is said to have originated in the reclamation of land from the mea and in making drains in the fen lands on the east coast of England. They *were afterwards employed in the construction of canals, and there got the name of " navigators" which was contracted to 5 navvies." These men were never very numerous ntil after the commencement of railways,when they were multiplied a hundredfold, and, as is worth 'observation, from this time they no longer confined themselves to clay-cuttings and emrbankments such as were usually required isr the construction of canals and drains, but became skilled artizans in the various departments of railway construction. On the one hand, however, it is said tbat the " navvy" deteriorated by the great influx of Iri3h and other labourers for railway works, and on the other that he is still a very superior person to the "navvy" of the canal days. Such is the conflict of testimony even as to his present character and condition. On another point of engineering archmeology it is also said, and it appears certainly that Mr. Smiles is mistaken. He has stated that previous to the timnes of Stephenson and the Railways " there was no division between the engineer and contractor such as now exists ; nor were there, as there are now, large contractors possessed of railway plant capable of executing earthworks upon a large scale." As to the latter, there were Bough, the contractor for the West Tndia Docks, Joliffe and Banks (the builders of Waterloo and London bridges), Hugh M'Intosh, and Thomas Tq'owvnsend, all as capable of great works as any of the present rail ;ay contractors; and for engineers there were Smeaton, Brindley, Jessop, Ronnie, Chepman, Telford, Mylne, Ralph Walker, Sir I. 3Brunel, and Jesse Hartley (a living example), whose namcs are well known as the engineers of some of the greatest works of which England can boast, and between whom and the contractors there was just as marked a distinotion as ever did or could exist in railway practice since. In fact, camplaints have reached us that there is a tendency in these days to obliterate this distinction, and injury to the public is confidently predicted if this tendency increases. At present, if a work is to be executed we have some sectirity in the two independent estimates of the engineer and contractor, one calculating what it ought to be done for, and the other what he can do it for, that the actual will approximate to the estimated outlay; -wherers if the engineer undertakes the work of the contractor he may overstate the cost for his benefit in his contracting capacity; or, if acting honestly, but mistakenly he understates It, there is no second cpinion and counter interest to set him right, and his error is ascertained too late, to his own confusion and the disappointment of his employers. Under the apprehension of such consequences from a combination of the functions of engineer and contractor, as to their division, which it appears is of earlier origin than Mr. Smiles imagined, we are inclined to to say esto peypetua. The next point is a personal question betwreen George Stepbenson and Mr. James Walker; or rather, between Mr. Walker and Stephenson's blographer. We ourselves made no mention of Mr. Walker's name, but in stating that two engineers reported against Stephenson's proposal to work the Liverpool and Manchester line by means of locomotives we were referring to Mr. Smiles's account of WValker and Bastrick's report, from which Mr. Smiles is charged with marking a partial quotation by omitting a context supposed materially to qualify it. As far as we can judge the difference between Mr. Walker and Mr. Smiles does not appear considerable, but as it touches the tender point of professional judgment we deem It best to give Mr. Smiles's extract with the omitted passage referred to:- "When the question of 'best power' (vlz., the locomo. tliv, or stationary engine) was before the directors of the liverpool and Manchester Railway, Mr. Smiles says, 'they called to their aid two professIonal engineers of high standing (Mr. Walker and Mr. Rastrick) to examine both modes of woriug, and report to them fully on the subject, and Tbat they (Walker and Bastrick) recommended the fixed ergines in preference to the locomotive power; that Mr. Walker consideredstationary enginesworkiDgonthelowpressure system to be safer than high pressure locomotive en-ines, which accompanied the passengers and goods on their way, ard that, although admitting with apparent candour that improvements were to be anticipated in the locomotive engine, the reporting engineers had no faith in its power nor belief in its eventual success; and the united conclusion of hbe two wag, that considering the question in evesy point of view, taking the two lines of road as now forming and having reference to economy, safety, despatob, and conve. zience, our opinion is, that if it be resolved to make the Liverpool and Manchester Railway complete at once, so as to accommodate the traffic (stated irn the directors' instructions), or a quaantity approaching to It, the stationary reeiprocating system Is the best.' Here (rays Mr. Smiles) was the result of au George Stephenson's labours. The two best practical engineers of the day concursed in reporting against the employment of his loco. nhotives." It is complained that Mr. Smiles withholds at this pcint an important qualification, for Mr. Walker's report, which contains the above opinion, adds (in cntinuation of the same sentence), "That if any circumsances should induce you (the dl. rectors) to proceed by degrees, and to proportlon the power of conveyance to the demand, then we recommend locomotive engines u^Apon the line generally, sod two fixed engines upon Rhiulhill and Sutton planes, todrawv up the locomotive engfines as well as the goodAs and passengers.' The next sentence Is,- '- Th^t should the latter plan be adopted you would of .. ouArs^e order only uch a numberof engInes as you might see coaslon for, both on account of savlng expenee asndto en- able you to take advantage of the improvements which mi ht F-e made, with aview to encourage which, and to draw the attention of engine niakers to the subject, something In the way of a premium or the asSUrance of preferene might ke held out to the person whose engine should upon experience be found to answer the best." And in another part of the report Mr. Walker says,- " That improvements In the statlonary system may be CExected. but not to the same extent as in the locomotive." Itisfurther stated that a premium for the best locomotive was offered, and that It would be fairer to attribute It to this recommendation of Mesrs. Walker and Rastrick than, as bl r. Smiles has done, i;o the suggestion of Mr. Harrison, which must have 'been made at a absequent period, and after Messrs. Robert Stephenson and Locke had reported. At this point we must content ourselves with having called the attention of the public to this difference on a purely personal question. The next point is a ittle more considerable, for it raikes the question of Stephenson!s treatment by the Civil Engineers' Institute Mr. Smiles says,- W It might have been expected that Mr. Stephenson 'Would have been invited to join the Civil Enginee Ihsti. 'tutlon,-and, indeed, himself desired to do so -but that there were two obstales to his being admitted o membership. The first was that Mr. Steyhenson had served no ;regubar apprenticeshp to the prefession; and the seond swas the compositica of a probationary essay in proof of his capacity as an eng1neer. MIr. Stephenson could aQI comply Wfith the first condition, anrd ho would not complv with the seCOD Thoe council of the insitution were wiling to waive the former, but not the latterpoint." On this it is said that Mr. Smiles is mistaken in supposing that such communications were necessary from a candidate for membership, that Mr. Stephenson might have become a member of the institute without a dissentient voice had he desired it, and it is thus ihiplied that his non-ad?nission depended on his own disinclination, and not on any conditions with which his admission was coupled. Now, we believe and have reason for stating that the efective impediment was this. Mr. Stephenson would have been called upon to go tbrough the form required of the younger members of his profession,-viz., to ffl in a paper stating his experience, and then to obtain the signatures of several members recommending him personally and professionaUy. It was conaidered in his behalf that compliance with these oonditions would have been derogatory to his position, and so he remaihed apart. We have given publicity to these questions on account of those who take an interest in their solution, not because they affeot our own estimate of Stephenson and his work, and from this point we decline to pursue the subjectfurther.
MONBY-MABKETandCITJYINTBLLIGlNCE. Fxiaay Evening. This being Christmas-day, it has been kept as a close holyday in the Stock-Exchange and at the Ba,nk and all the public offices. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 23d of December gives the following results when compared with the previous week - Public Deposits ,., 7,428,807 ... Increase 484,455 Otber Deposits ... 15.151,818 ... Inrease 74,390 Rest ... ... 3,552,040 *.. Increase 17,203 On the other side of the account:- Govermnent Securities 5,492,756 ... Increase 46,625 Other Securities ... 28,088,186 ... Decrease 1,176,764 Notes unemployed ... 7,426,670 ... Increase 1,669,493 The amount of notes in circulation is 1 9,257,1201., being a decrease of 386,4t01.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 10,753,2811., showing an increase of 1,802,4261. when compared with the preceding return.
RA TLA Y L&TA GWENUCE. RAILWAY RE.fEIPT4. The traffic returns of rallways in the united kingdom published for the week ending December 19 amounted to 415,3401., and for the corresponding week of 1856 to 428,9001., showing a decrease of 13,5601. The gross receipts of the eight railways having thoir termini in the metro. polls amounted for the week endiag u above to 178,0561, and for the corresponding week of last year to 181,4451, showing a decrease of 3,3891. The deorease on the London and North-Western lailway amounted to 5,4891.; on the London and Blackwall to 241.; and on the South. Eastern to 5791.; tota], 6,092t. But from this mLust be deducted 180!., the increase on the Eastsrn Counties; 5964 on the Great Northern; 1,2751. on the Great West. ern; 31. on the London, Brighton, and South Coast; and 649t. on the London and South-Western, together 2,7031.; leaving the decrease, as above, 3,3891. The receipts on the otherlines in the united kingdom amounted to 237,2841., and for the corresponding period of 1856 to 247,4551., showing a decrease of 10,1711. in the receipts of those lines, which, added to the decrease on the metropolitaan lines, makes the total decrease 13,5601. as compared with the corresponding week of 1856. The following are the receipts of rallways for the past week:- CRANBROOK ANID MARDElT. The meeting in reference to the formation of this projected rallway, adjourned from the 11th inst., was held at Cranbrook on Thursday; Mr. R. Tooth in the chair. The committee reported that tho period allowed them for ascertaining the number of shares that would be taken had been insufficient at this period of the year thoroughly to obtain the opinions of all parties Interested, but that up io the Friday previous the total amount of share subscrip-i tions, inoluding the London subscriptions and the 500 shares for which one of the committee had pledged the town did not exceed 2,620 shares of 101, each. Ulnder these olronmstances they had entertained a proposal for nub. stituting a valid guarantee of interest on a certain amount of capital in Heu of the stipulated amount of sub. scription from the district. This guarantee is in the nature of a joint liability from the South-Eastern Railway, who will be required to guaranteo any sum not exceeding 1; per cent. In aid of a deficiency of the net earnings of the lmne to produce 31 per cent., and also a lien on the highwaty rates of the parish for a sum not exceeding 1J per sent., iu aid of a deficienoy beyond the 3iper cent.to pay a clear The reporti was adopted and the acting committee were instructedto callupon tbe churchwarden to convene a vestry to consider the question of the parohial guarantee. Aiter some discussion the meeting closed In the usual mnanner.
THE COORN TRADE. nuAwvlx-zr T. 31 We have a oontlonance of fine mild wther, aud a31 kinds of grai ccme to hand in wretclied condition. there belng several nelghbonring n arkeb totday, adi our own held off the usnal one ; we base evseak' attendace of farmera the busne. done in wheat Is at lat Barley fully am dear for all sorts. In oats snd beans no change. IROr TRAID AT NXAm .-The iron works In tbe neighbovrhood of Ne9th, though they have been affected by the universal depression of trade, have not been stopped. A general redaction of wrageg has taken plate, w1ichi W6s been qaie'ly cubnAtted to by the men,
SHBE FINANOC OF TBB UNITED STATES. LIVEBPOOL, TusDEAY. Accompanying the Message of the President of the United States are the usual reports from the heads of the different departments, The most important of these Is that of the Secretary of the Treasury, it being virtually the Badget of the Executive, and therefore symbolical of the progress or decline of the nation. On the 1st of July, 1856, the commencement of the fiscal year 1857, the balance in the Treasary was $19,901,325 a-d to this was added up to the close of June, 1857, a total of $68,631,514, derived from the following sources:Customs, $63,875,905; lands, $3,829,48G; miscellaneouq, $,926,123, making a grand total of $88,532,839. The expenditure for the same period on accoant of the public servicoe was as follows :-Civll, foreign inter tercourse, and miscellaneous5 $27,531,922 37c.; Interior Department, $5,358,274 72c.; war department, $19,261,774 16c.; navy department, $12,726,856 69s. ; purchase of publiedebt, principal, premium, andinterest, $5,943,896 91c., nmaking a gross total of $70,822,724 85c., which amount. deducted from the receipts of $88,522,839 12c., left a balance in the Treasury on the 1st of July, 1857, of $17,710,114 27c. For the quarter ending the 30th of September, 1857, bein7 the first quarter of the fiscal year, 1858, the receipts into the Treasury had been $20,929,819 KIc., of which amount $18,573,729 37c.was derived from Customs; $2,059,449 39c. from public lands; and $296,641 5o. from miscellaneous sources. The estimated receipts for the three remaining quarters are put downv at $36,750,000, malcing an estimated aggregate of means for the service of the fliscal year 18i8, $75,389,934 8c. The expenditure for the first quarter ending September 30, 1857, had been $23,714,528 37c., comprised as follows:-Civil, foreign interconrse, and miscellaneous services, $7,315,789; Interior Department, $3,240,098 99c.; Var Departmen, $T,290,950 S3c.; Navy Department, $3,915,906 99c.; purchase of the public debt, principal, premium, and interest, $1,951,782 56c. And to these amounts an esttmated expenditure during the three remain. ing quarters of the fiscal year ending 185S of $51,248,530 4c. Is added, making a grand total ol $74,963,058 4c., whIch amount, deducted fromn the anticipated gross receipts, will leave a balance in the Treasury on the 1st of July, 1858, of $426,875 67c. The estimated receipts and expenditure for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 185S, and ending June 30, 1859, are valued at a total aggregate, inclasive of the anticipated balance in hand on the 1st of July, 1858, of $75,926,875 67c., and the aggre. gate expenditure for the same period $,74,064,755 97c., leaving a balance to credit on the 1st of July, 1859, of $1,862,119 70o. These estimates are, as the Seretaxry states, necessarly dependent not only upon aU those causes which affect trade and commerce, but on such as control the inclinations and ability of the people in the purchase of such merchandise for consumption, and the difficulty of relying upon them is enhanced by the revenue of the 'United States being derived principally from duties on imported merchandise entered at the Custom-houses for consurnption. And as a striking illustration of this uncertainty the events of the present year are adduced. The estimates for the present fiscal year were made prior to the Tariff Act of March 3, 1857, having come into operation, and it has therefore been thought advisable to explain the facts and principles upon which the estimates have been made. These have been based upon the fact that the exports and fmports of the United States have always borne a relative proportion,an I that both have steadily increased, with occasional excep. tions, witlh the growth and progress of the country. The Secretary says:- " The exports for the year ending June 30, 1857, amounted to $362,949,144, and the imports for the same period were $3G0,890,141, The amount of our exports depends not only on the quantity, but the value of the articles exported. The quantit, of some and th value of others may be considerably diminiahed, and yet the deficiency thus created may be supplied by either the increased quantity or value of other articles. It is probable that this very state of things may ocour during the present fisoal year. The indications at present are, that the exports of breadstuffs and provisions will decrease both in quantity and value; but the increased value of cotton, and its probable prices, which constitutes much the largest item of our exports, would make up such deficiency. From the best infornmation which can be obtained, the opinion is ontertained that the exports for the presont fiscal year will not fall below those of last year more than 10 par cent." And he concludes, therefore, that looking to the inmportations of the last 10 years, it may be safely stated that the ratio of annual inrease has not been less than 10 per cent, though within that period there were two years in which there was a falling off, attributable, doubtless, to temporary causes, which do not affect the general proposition. The foreign merchandise subject to duty imported during the first quarter, ending the 30th of September last, of the present fiscal year amounted to $88,819,385, and the Customs eeeived during thatquattertere $18,573,729 37c. On the first day of that quarter the tariff of the 3d of March had gone into operation, and caused the amount then realized to be exceptional, a course greatly unsatisfactory as a guide for the remaining three quarters of the preesnt fiscal year. In making the estimates submitted, therefore, the amount of merchandise subject to duty Imported during the correspond. Ing thbee quarters of the last fiscal year was taken, being $210,000,000, to which 10 per cen. was Added for the annual increase, had there been no disturbing causes, giving for the amount of merchandise paying duty, under the then existing tariff of 1846, an aggregate of $23i,000,000. It Is then asked to what extent wil i the approximate amount of merchandise paying duty be diminishedl by the revulsion which has come upon the covutr7 2 And the question Is considered the most serious difficulty, But look. rg to their probable exports, tho great resources of their country, its unexampled Prosperity in many branches of industry, Its capacity to recover from temporary pressure In its trade and business, the opinion is expressed wwth some confidence that the reduction from this cause wil not ox. coed 25 per cent,, which would bring the amount of merchandise paying duties down to about 174 millions for the remaining three quarters of the present fiscal year. The next point requiring consideration was the effect produced by the reduction in the rate provided by the Act of Mahrch 3,1857, and a deduction tothe extet of $10,000,000, about a quarter of the amount of dutyaactually realized under the tariff of 1846, was made. At the came time, it Is explained that the bonding of Importations prior to their entering Into consumption may have an adversetendency, butthat any excess arising therefrom is generaly temporatr and is soon obviated by diminished importationsand increased withdrawals for consumption, The receipts from Customs for the fiscal year 1858-9 are entirely ilusory, and nesd not therefore be entered upon, None of the estimates, either present or iesfuturo, include provisions for deficiencies or other objects which the several departments ask for during the present session, nor for any expenditure whatever which may arise ot oof the original action of Congress during that period. It Is expected that during the remainder of the present fiscal year s ifficient revenue w ii be received to meet the ordinary outstanding appropriations, but should the merchandise entered for consumption not equal the estimate, a probable contingency of the present revulsion in trade, this expectation could not be realized, and it may be necessary, therefore, to provide the Treasury with adequate means for meeting Its lawful demands, aSuch provision is counseled at the "ear liest practicable pariod, as a failure of sufficient means in the Treasury may occur at an early day," (later advices report that this has already occurred); and It is suggested that authority be given to the department by law to Issue Treasury notes for an amount n t hto exceed twenty millions of dollars, payable within a limiatedimte and carzying a specified rate of interet, g whenever the i nmediate demands of the phblic service may call for a greater amount of money than shall happen to be in the Treasury, subiect to the Treasurer's draughts i n payment of warrants. It is stated to be indispensablefor the pablic security that such a provision should ho made. It Is also notified, thathCongres vei w be required to legislate upon the subject of appropriating an Increased amount for the purpose of defraying the expenses of co llecting the Customs. For the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857, this expenditure considerably exceeded $3,000,000, exclusive of these of the ports on the Pacific coast X which amounted to nearly $500,000. Por the half of the current fiscal year, extending from the Ist of January to the 30th of June, 1858, at least $1,600,000 will be required to defray these expenses in the Atlantic States, and the Secretary rcoinmendils that sum to be appropriated for that period. The ports on the Pacifie coast the Secretary propos s e to pla ac on the samae footing as those In the Atlantic States from th s commencement of the 1st of July, 1858, by causing the whole of the receipts from Customs and all other sources to be paid into the Treasry, and au the expenses of colection to be defrayed out of appropriAtions for that purpse The. amount required for the entire United States during the fiscal y eAr ending thie 30th of June, 1859, is estimated at $4, 000,000, The progressive increase In these expenses from year to year eince the passing of the Act In 1 849 is pointed out to have arisen In some degrre from Coogres s having, when t he public revenue bappened to be abundant, lstened to &,Ad adoptead many pr qjetts without considering their perma-sent cost; the building of new revenue cutters, not nee edod for the enforcemWen of the revenue laws;.the multhApucation of ports of entry and ports of delivery, for 1 ooA A and ten. porary tonvenience, at points not required fo  the eollection of thno e 'ae reven, n the erection of exper:Ave buildings for Ofucers of the Customs and other pub)E,c officers. The baneful effect of this syst:in iB explained, and the I ,. . . } X~~~~P I I I Secretary remarls that while the pubbi reveunie bas rapidly e iraiuished those charge have daUy incrasoed in maount. The publio. debt on the 1st of July, 18a7, as given Is $28,060,386 90, but since that time there has been paid ths I sum of $3,895,232 39, leaving the debt at the preewnt trni at $25,165,154 5L Since the 3d of March last $4,878,377 535 of this debt had been pai;L The Secretary, in reviewing the effects always occasioned by a revulsion of the monetary-affairs of the contry-, says that there are many persons who seem to think that it is the daty of the Government to provide relief in all came of trouble and distress, without faUy considering tho question, or considering for a moment that such is not the true theory of their Government, which is only one of limited powers, to be exercised for speoified purposes. The Scretary proceeds to reviewr the suggestions wbrich are generally proffered on such occasions, and points out the evil results which would ensue if they were accepted. He would apply to the Goverument the ssme rule that a private individual who finds that hls Income is reduced applies to himself,vki, the propriety of bringing his expenditure within his reduced means; and, in conclusion, he says upon thi3 poiat:- "A system of public economy, regardful alike of the aust claims of the people and the protection of the treasure and credit of the Government, nust command the approval of the country; and it is upon such principles it is proposed to conduct the financial depurtment of the Goverimnentin the present crisis." The proposed mode of relieving the country by a return to protection is carefully oonsidered, but with a boldness which does credit alike to the heart and the head of the Secretary of the Treasury. He declares that "a policy so partial and unjust In its operations cannot command the approval of the country, and is obnoxious to all the objections which have been heretofore so forcibly and successfully urgel a-ainst it." His opinions on this subjeot cannot fail to endear him toall who appreciate his honesty when ho declares- "The day has passed in this country (United States) for increasing the restrictions upon commerce, and it is hoped that the same remark will soon be appllcable to all other countries. We are accustomed to look at the amount of our exports and imports as evidences of our growing wealth. To encourage commerce, enlarge its operations, and extend its limits have been regarded by all portions of our people as objects worthy of their united efforts. One branch of commerce cannot long exist without the co-operation of the other. We cannot expect to furnish the world with our cotton, breadstuffs, tobacco, rice, and other productions unless we are willing to recelve in return their productions. There must be mutualitybetween nations as between iadividuals. If a policy is to be adopted by which the productions of other countries are to be excluded from ours for the benefit of the domestic producer of such articles, justice to other interests demands that there should be adopted a policy by whioh the producers of our present exports should also be furnished with a market for the fruits ef their industry. To do this is impracticable-not to do it would be unjust. How strangely inconsistent Is tho doctrine of the Protectionists with the practice of the Govern. msent ! We annually expend large sums of money in maintaining a navy, the chief duty of which is to give protsction to our commeroe In all parts of the world. Appropriations are asked and freely given to send our flag in search of new avenues for our increasing trade. The American officer who returns to his country to announce the successful termination of his mission In having made new and favourable commercal treatis is bailed as a public benefactor, and all classes unite in doing bim honour. In these demonstrations no one participates more cordialy than the Protectionists. If upon the announcemerat of the discovery of a new country which pro- rniscd a large and lucrative commercial intercourse uith our own it should be simultaneously proposed to impose upon that commerce restrictions that would close our ports to the entry of its productions, under the false theory of proteoting home industry, what would be the judgment of an enlightened public opinion upon the wvldomn of a people who first expended their treasure in discoverinug new marts of trade, and immediately denied themselves all the promised benefits to be derived from it? In the case supposed the proposition would be more starUing, but not more unreasonable, than when appled to our intercourse with those countries between whom and ourselves a com- n erce has grownup frcm small beginnings to its present large dimensions. Ihis has been accomplished through a policy inaugurated by our own Government, and which has commanded the approval of enlightened minds throughout the world. Other countries have, in their legislation of late years, manifested, by reducing their duties upon imports, a desire to co-operate in the work of throwin7g o2f those sbackles upon the freedom of commerc which false theories have placed upon it. It w ould present a strange spectacle If the IJnited Statesashonldhbe thedirstto commence aretrograde movement. The sentiment among our people i favour of free commercial intereourse is manifested in their domestic as well as foreign pollcy. The strong fteling in the public mnind for the extension of our territorial limits is generaly attributed to the desire for more land. That it operates to sone extent is freely admitted; but such a cause fals in its application to those cases where the acquisition of now ter- itory brings with it no proprietary tite to the land. And 3 et the publio sentiment for acquiring territory, where cvery foot of it is held by private titles, is as decided as in Xny other case. It is accounted for satisfactorily onl7 upon the theory that, as our territorial limits are extended, we enlarge the area of freetrade,openinz new marketsforthepro- ductions of our industry, untrameammod ilth thosoerestraints which a restrictive international policy has Imposed." He repudiates the idea that the occasional revalsions which have so seriously affected the manufacturing interest are attributable to the want of a high protective system. What they want, he says, is steady prlces, a sound currency, and protection against the ruinous effects of expansions and the credit system; and he declares that from a free and unrestricted commerce with the world no interest in their country would derive a more permanent benefit than the manufactureras HE'announces that no change in the Tariff Act of March 3, 1857, Is contemplated at present. It is upon its trial, and he considers, therefore, that the proprfety of postponing any action upon the subject until an opportunity has been offered of testing its general merits admits of no serious doubt. The true cause of the revoalsions hetra to the undaueexpansion of the redit system, of which the bankg constituted an important part. There are other elements equally with the banks which he states demand public consideration, The effect of the exppanded credit system is faUy exhibited, and It is stated that although tho New York city banks at the time they suspended payment reported a larger amount of specie in their vaults than their notes in circalation, the7 were unable to meet the demaands of their creditors promptly with specie, owing to their credit operations under their deposit system. Having oetended their own credit and enabled their customers to do the same, they were unprepareifor the revulsion which came upon them. The railroad corporations, the secretary considers, are also responsible In some degree, and, as an illustration in support of his cpinion, he glves some statistics proving their excessive indebtednessas a generalrale, although some haveconducted their business with tho utmost propriety and suteess. The undue expansion of credit, the Consequent rapid fluctuations in price, and the extravagant habita such capansion leads to, should, he thinks, ba allowed to right itself, as the speedy adjustment of the relations betw esn creditor and debtor by liquidatio n and settlement is the sures ' mode for the restoration of the equilibrium. The great moneyed orpora. tions created uader the laws of the States come unader th censwre of the secretary, for he says that ib cannot ba deniedthatthatlegislation had been n agatory; thit the Statehadrmanifested an eager dispos3itoi to relieve them from the penalties they had i nucared, and to dispense as fa- as they were able with the perfor rmace of the obligations. they had exactcd from them when they were organized-in some cases without an inquiry Into their condition or management, or their capacity to resume their postiton as solvent institutions, or even to protect the community from a depreciated paperaurrency. In his judgment (ajudgmentint which hundreds of our countryme nand women will coincide) i he period has arriTed for Congress to employ the power3 conferred by the constitution upon it to mitigate the present evil, and to prevent a catastrophe of a similar kind In future; and for this purpose a compulsory bankrupt law, to inolud6 two solasss of corporations and companies, was necessary. It should be a law for the protection of creditoros not the relie of debtors; to prevent improper credit, not to pay improvident debts; compulsory, not voluntary, the effect of which woula be felt more lnlIs restraining inudaence than in Its practical execution. H1e does not propose to interfere with the general cases which como6 within the control of the insolvent and banlkrupt laws of the several States, but only with those which from their magnitude and importance affect tho general, commercial, and business interests of the community. The banks and railroad corporations are thoso he proposes to bring under the operation of a cornpulsory bankraptoy law, not for the purpose of injuring them, but to protect the community, the effect being to restrain thelr operations within proper limits, and thereby insuro to the country all the benefits they are capable of conferring without the acompanying hazards of wild specalations and ruinous revalsions. He suggests that the details of any Act framed on his principles should to adopted after au enlarged inquiry into their condition, and should embody the most liberal provislons for thie security of the rights of persons interested in them; and that a reasonable time shobid be allowed to the corporations vwhich are now in defaulA to re-establish themselves before ibeActbecomesopera"Ivo. The present mode of collect. rag and disbursing the p ublio revenue has been found to work beneficlaUyL, and the inslnuations against its pranticability advanced by its opponents at the time of its adop. tion have been damonstrated to be unfounded. And the Eecretary remurks, it only remained to encounter a coiamerclal crisis like thepreseni tosindloate the justice and w isdom of the policy against all cause of complaint or apprehenslon,; and in confirmation of his opinion, he reviews the operations ci the Treasury deparlment durlng the usrpesoe of 1837 r4na the present time. He shows that, whereas prevlouOsy the Government,.being mixedup with the banks, when.heysus pended specie payments in 1837, became qinbarrassed, during the pteseXt Jcriiiis, so far us tQ Tscasury disburne. i I i I I I n ents wereaoncerned, it has met e 'erY liabilitY without em. barraseknete renorted bo no expediein,' to meet the claims of its creditors, bat with promptness paic.' e eh Oe upocn prN. sentation. The effeet of the now xysk'tn upon the co0n. mercIal and budness interests of the coD.Intry during the preeent crisis had not stopped there, for bi , the disbarae. ments of the Government funds in the preset. t Yer from its own vaults relief had been afforded to t,ae rmoney. market, and the banks supplied with specie, streh,gthening their haads, and enabling them to afford relief when It Ws so much neded if they had been in a condition to co it.. The secrtar very significantly adds, " their inability to do so under such favourablo cirucumstaces only ahows how rmuch worseo the embarrassmeat would have been If thej Government were now demanding payment from them, Instead of furzishing them with the means of relief. The convertibility of banknotes Into specie Is urged most emphatically on the true principle that if they are not so convertible they ought not to be received as such either by the State Governments or the people; the very object of the law being to guard against the latter contingency, and thus to aecure to the country a soutnd paper currency, Always convertible into speeie. The compulsory keeping of sufficient specie in their vaults to meet the lsaees of the banks the secretary considers is the only true panacea for the passing evils, snd he also considers that the amount of over $400,00,000 coined in the mints of the United States since the discovery of gold in California in 1849 ought to have insured the banks being In the desired position. He says:- " It is estimated that there is now in the United States $260,000,000 of specde, and of this sum the banks have $60,000,000; upon which they have issned a circulation of 8214,778,822, and their deposits have inoreased to $230,361,352. It will be seen from this statement that, 'with the increased quantity of specie in the country, the banks have only increased their specie frorn $43,000,000 to $60,000,000, whilst tbey have increased their circulation froma $114,743,415 lo $214,778,822." And be polnts to the independent Treasury system as the remedy; for he says- " It is confidently believed that such a policy would have saved the country from the present bauk suspension. If at the time the general Governtment was making its disburse. ments in specie at the commencement of the present crisis the same operation had been going on from tho different State treasuries, the effect necessarily would have been to supply every demand in the country for speoie, and the banks, already restrained withia legitimate bounds, would have been enabled to pursue their usual business without serious interruption." The incomDetency of the State Governments to pay their debts Is strongly contrasted -with the abundance of the resources of the general Goverrnment, and their difficulties are characterized as the fruits of their past policy, which for the presentmrust be endured, but which it will be their own fault lf another revulsion finds them in a like condition. "As anadditional restraint uponthe tendency of tho bankl to overssue, as well as for the purpose of keeping an ample sipply of specie in constant circulation, the suppression of all bank-notesunder the denomination of $20 is recomnmended to the consideration of those under whose jttrisdic. tion these State instihttions exist." The proceedings of the Mint and the action of the director of that instituLtion are noticed by the Socretary of the Treasury, the'Act of the 20th of February, 1857, having brought that department under hi5 control. He has recora mended that the original provision of the 6th section of th' Act of February 21, 1853, should be restored, which authorized a chrage of one-half per cent., payable into the Treasury, in addition to the charges for refining or parting bullion, whether it was paid to depositors in the form of coin, or in bars, ingots, or disks, and which had been dlscontinued by the 6th seotion of the Act of March 3, 1853. This recommendation has been proposed coincident with the opinion of the director of the Mint,- " That it is not good pollcy to impose this half per centon all bullion coined for circulation, and at the same time exempt fine bars withdrawn for exportation. If depositors of bullion choose to export it in the form of fine bars, they should be at liberty to exercise that option, but they should not be allowed a premium of one-half per cent. upon such as Is withdrawn for exportation, which is the effect of impo'ing that duty on that bullion which is coined and exempting, as is done by the section of the Act of March 3, 183, referred to, that whlch is withdrawn in the form of fino bars." The remainder of this important document is more particularly of a local nature, but the tendency exhibited throughout to take advantage of the present revulsion in mnonetary affairs for the purpose of polnting a moral cannot fall to be benefical to the 'world at large, from the fact of Its being, an it were, the bitter acknowledgment of an unsuspeoted weakness by a young giant, whose prlde has experienced a first falL Let those giants of a more matured growth ponder over the lesson and profit by its teachings.
From ae ZONDON GAZETTE of Friday, Dec. 25. WINDSOR CARTT.E nP. 91 This day had audience of Her Majesty, The Count de Platen, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary from the King of Sweden and Norway, to deliver his oredentials: To which audience he was introduced by the Earl of Clarendon, IEG., HerMajests Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. DEx. 22. This day had audience of Her Majesty, His ExceUency Ferukh Ehan, Ambassador Extrcordina'y from the Shah of Persia, to take leave: To which audience he was introduced by the Earl of C!a. rendon, K. G., Her Majesty's Principal Siecretary of State for Foreign Affairs. - FOREIGN-OFFICE, DEC. 23. The Queen has been pleased to approve of Mr. Axohibald Shanks Schaw as Consul at Glasgow; of Mr. George William Ewen as Vice-Consul in London * and of Mr. F.obert Richards Broad, jun., as Vice-Consul at Falmouth; for the flepublio of Salvsdor. ADMIRALTY, DEC. 14 Cors ofcyl Main.-Gent. Cadet Thomas Palmer Norton to This Gazet contains an account of the importations and exportations of bulion and specie registered in the week ending December 23. There were imported into the united kingdom 222,812 ounces of gold coin, 57,03S ounces of bnllHon-total279,850ounces. Of silver the amount imported was 193,550 ounces of coin, 184z344 ounces of buillon-total 377,894 ounces. Of this quantity, 185,152 ounces of gold coin and bullion were. imported from the United States. The exports during the week were-9,947 ounces of gold coin and bullion, and 1,420,232 ounces of silver coin and bullion. The export of gold coin to Egypt was 4,123 ounces, and 1,366.022 ounces of silver coin and buUion, to France 2,490 ounces of goia bulliou and 5,200 ounces of silver bullion. To the United States the export of gold coia was 1,538 ounces. COMMISSIONS Signed by the Lo 10-LJ.n:uv;as ot tho County of LAcAnIR. Qceena Os-eRoyal Regiment cf Glasgow and Lower Ward of Lanarkabire Yeomanry C svalry.-George C^mr.bcll, FRe., lato Captsiu 1st Royal Dragoo,an to be Capt., vice Sir Arbtbaibd 3. Csmpbell,B%rt., re'l-ncod QeartermPaster John Hlowle Yo-erson to bo Cornoa, v-oe MI&ldletot, prtmoted. 23 ROyal Lanarkebires l Stit.-Chaes Rog;er, gent, to be Esilgo, By the LORD-nLIEuT=A-T of tle Cnmuty of LA?tCASTER. 6th Regiment of Rowal Lancashire Mitilla-Joshus Panl B3rker, gent lteof the 44th Regiment of Foot. to bo Lieut., vice Lomaxre - 3toRgiment of tbo Duke of Larcaler's Own Royal Lnosabire Slfsla.-!!anen LaW, igeut, to be Emnign, vice EUcks, pranomtet. 4th or Duke of Laneastar' Own (Light Infanttrs) eitment of Royal Lancashira AMlltia.-WilWam Upton lack, geont., to bs Ensign. By tho LoRDu-LtsUTenAsrTof the 0ounty of NorTsGouAX. Boyal Sherwood rore3ters or Nottinchaamblre Refgiment of Milltla. -LoEtns John Rolleoton. geest. to be Enuign. Memoandum. Tne eommisslaonofEnignAlfre} ihby, dated March 25, 1850, his been cancelled. By the LoRD.LlEUTL\A1 r Of the County of SussSx. iUght Intantry RattaUon of the Royal Sassex Alilltia.-Authony Waimeeley. gent., late Llont. 73d Foot, to bh LMen1t., -ice ireek, promoted; Pargiter hftavoale Dlckenson, gent., to be Ensiga. By the Lonn-LlXuAXT oE the County of GLooFrstr., and of tte City and County of the City of GLoUgsvTEr, and of the City and County of tbho1iy of BIITOL. oa So 80ath Glocester i.ght Intantry Regiment of MDilitla.-Franols WtlUam FitzharMnige Berkeley, 3rq., to be lIo2. Col Royal North Glocester FRegIment of Milltla.-Nathaulel Jrederlok BiHlon, 5sq., to be Capt. By the Luo!-LMsUTzXita? ot the County of Wierost. ThbeoasowayRi e.-WInRobinson Lodge, gent, to be Iei., lioe Eramus Gower, appointed to the 12th Lancers. By the L:IaD-L1EUTM;AXT of the County ot NonrcAXcrrost. Northamptonahite blilltl&.-Lieut, Robert Jamea DArcy, to be Capt., vice CApt. Drury Wake, resigned. [The following aDpointment is subAtitnted for that which aprOUed Inte Se Gazette" ofthe 12t of December last :-) By the Lor.D-LcxuTr.rANr of the Canuty or NoRsTEuprrros. Nosthae ptonshice Mltitia.-EndIg Charlea Jennins, to to I.eut., vlceWilliam Evans, removed, PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. rAtnooow azand TomhsoD, Preston. mwshine rnakers.-Wolff and Feliier, South-crescent, Boford-tquae, iewelhrst-T. and W. Austn, Golden-square, St. Jamaese, dyer-Bar eir and Crabthee, COalderale 5A111, near Tcdmorden, Lancashiro, cotton mannfacturera-Wright and Co., Longton, Staffordshirc, toy mtsnsactniress as far as regarda S. Wrlgbt.-T. Hashbard and J. Myers, Three Colt-street, Limebouse, tsllore.-BrowuzandCo.,BlrkQnhbad, irontcoilees.-. Candlerand W.W. S. Coemer, Chureh-Ureet, Bermondey, cUcmen.-Sitholes and Co., Baum, in Rochdale, Lancashire toadealers.-J. and G. Binchiff Holm6rlth and Ifuddersdold wollen cloth naunatscredra.-Wa d and Pritehard, Nottlnaham, briokmmakers.-Baron and Agar, Kngsaonupon-lull, coal morchants.-Hind and 7tl1dley Wittlere, Cambridgesh5ze groccr&-Ruglish Comzpany tcr working Mines In Ireland. -H. and T. * od Ord eocd-street, hawl wssebounemen.-Lock and Pedhey, Sosathasupton, axcbitEci-I. atesand3J F. Aloge. Old ChurchWt.eLt P.xddIn tcn g.fltter,-Northaoopterhnte Iron Orf Io. HayingctoseeandWeDllIngorooghX asdelsewhere, Northam ptonnhire,aDda w. rSnith aDD Co.. Wo.kSgton sa3d Cteater, Cvcmberhand. IceoWaeste-dalghadB BookSiBreadcrd, alrkahires agenb forthesle or cotton arsf --Avery ad o d,Csty ngecrosd, tatiora-Daag and .heeler BlTudkl'ktrot M an edotuerand o lingnont wholesale Sewcy biscuit manuetat c .tm l r hECEI!ARITIONS OF DIVIDXENDS. Wedne.elav ,hr,Whietuaoc!s, Basing' aU-tnett. E. re srt cUv. of Ii. 6d., anY Wednesday, at My, Morgss's C. T. Jndklna, Mascebeter, and Cannon-street Wst5 swing ir Weatoe ?Aottnx7n In L'-'gdendahe Oc;eehire, manustnsrle& cbsroit_ft-DrsI div. of P. lid., ou Tuetday, Jla 12, or any subequei Totildy, St Mr. Fraer's Manchester. L and J. Rrkbribde, Casle, stonemeaors-fit dih. of 9 ,w 'Satuday, at Mr. Bakefts NetwUtle-uPon-Tyne. BANRIIFTCEa ANBLLJ CharlesJolba 1lare, rcbcad-yasd, Blaswall7 blubuder Jlibn Otto Wliham Fabeat, IU eeTOLheb,s4ffe Savag Caacazzaui, hiancheater, merchant. BAIPKHUPTS5 .TrMc3 Eddy, Depircid, rtnith tO rulrenuer Jon. 7, at 12 o'0scb1, Fhb. 6, ii 1,, atk the 3lns4tp CCza; ;ol;ivitols, metars, Iaw retre I'ew~ nd ayr ld eay.harbea;Ofdicil "epjee, Mr. Bell, Colenanalree~ ~ ~ ~~56 -bbsciatd1egc=jr ~~~~~~~~~~i o, rie. Jtb. oat Etioc Ge4rgem Sil, IMloso.next.Gra,esJaD, rocer. Jran. 8kt, u delock. Febi 8, at I a the Bai:krupt Court: soliitors MeteMs, hotk% 83tet at-d Gltties..phl=t-lue official easigee, Mrz. Z&reli G ildhallitarnbersgh3dmg1-Xtrel.s George dott Uxbrbdge. wharfinger, Jan. 8. at 12 O'clock, Feb. 10 at II. at the Backrrpta' Court pollrlltoo, IMean. Davies Son, 'an Cm1XbeIl. Warwi,sk.ztreRet, nt-airco Offc& sine r Lh saot 3tr, pz son. lanthsll.treeeL Wi' aInm JOnnings, PaoI.fret, 7Wnbu27, and Sboredileb, ~habsr. dAPher,Jan.5,atjj O'clck be. a h lkAkrUys' Court: .sit. Otg Sen.Lewi an os mntn .ae officia asingee, Jt anti anbaJ..t h Sidney D)ne, Crl&oadoIUD lild Jani. Jan , athaf eedn. At,ferd ands Magnde% pridal,amteld, ODaaingbaOfli-tre Willim B11lpjesRol QOMfr4te Acea, Jan.us, lactthalt-poat bno',b*elkr JL2 a 1 oaor, Web. 5. at U, at the Banrpt'Cur:olcts. r.Oi rIhtea-Court:ll,Ge Itroad-elege Tucker. emrig,e,r. Ganad Tucke. S Eli 10Sons Wrlbcy, stltahraea,mebre bualdetr, Jn. 2 air half-patI I'cksci, FebS.da at h&et'-PH 12 tte Btk t3k Cougyrt. solr,, Not-rs. Beem Mertea, Tl Bodmrod, aitdilan, Hro. leraoe mlerocitax, Oicial alseie, hc. aam, Whitiomtrasitantte, Jhomas H'a,tor Ba Gutter-Ism, Ollaw'd,fo' and Aeysde-os n(rtb t Jon'woPe bk\ditl aDurer . 7a.1, at I ,12ck peCOG 9. at b2, Uat tle Bankrupts ' Court:lcorl,cMtor Mr.Emrn,Sr. M a.altdIee, Bmoen; ofcal a 4e,rM. Cand,n, Aanabeld, B oa al tW am LlsyD.e TipdEntaffoDfhame Waryield, dyea,u are 8, Jand 7eb 1X 2, athl-pt 11 O'clock, at the li3miirba Olstrict Cout f srut ot Bankruptcy :r Bol^tmMesrs. Feei;Bchard aguee ghltr WoU l,erhds Jor. K ear, Btou, Fl,,dg Kinam. . E,apsr ar.. a S pa;t2 O'clock lock,atbthe, at 2,. ghmbe Lee pDisoitO 0ol,rt otM ReUdty, oatngbr andMa: Yei drk, CrAs P elajicand izAahw, 1o t tfldal. as(e oior. Baenee, r.Hateed s Woillam linre, O ed Radfrdo,tlt, niDbChirsa J= S *nd 23crias-tur Jao. nc Feb..a a, Jam. 2.lf s1t o'hlock. aFteb. 5B1itinatbtheDBnk-aut rtopW Cfat: korluptcr Merszs, N g ooLiettor. nr Coupan Lltu er.-St Swithin'. lane; of,imriaHarris, Notmsb a.nn .drnnuy J.mes Hasd bSelvc stol wart mlanufertT, Jn. S2, A halb-pat 1l O'clock. , at the aBawl D19 ua tDhe Bntkrupt,' Coyrt; olicttBrs,n rlliangand Bffirlol aetireee, Mt. Whitmore, M art. g AclawanrtoL nborteh TaSt. oJrnudob CeagerheaSnidwe, and nea l ade- oad mceaterJab.r6, reb.gou ,Jn 2. na i o' oc. att1eb. 5ha BhglfDpast 11. at trhe Bsakrpt Coubtt: solicdtor, Mra. EHeon,- tonrl adHowatre Orisial; eein. 3smgnr.en, M idarmabry. William Bly,n(tou Vtnffauoob vtspinnuer. Jan. Sa, at12eb ' an.c 7 and 28, at the o'clock, at the LCntatt of Baikruptcyt Colrtoro bMn anWoodM Tosrs uodgs onand AFalle B oiinlha;L od incial avPgnett Mr. Hopne,r. Beeds. rn. Thobast htRo Nder1on,iYorh, mcb. buier. at l, a t 14, Pat , at h tock, at the Lteas inthan otsisirtf BaCrtourt oto aOnk. Torr rane tcy, rotndghagm:r a3dotloltosa, MessTrs. Itosira zan AHare, Nottltobauron Leesae; osigdal amign Mair. Youing.Leads T Jan.R 1.eb. Ho, sati-ptHax d0 oIcrk. athu Ftesbnn12a' Ds tric9 Cut teo eodnssrict, Ntrt log, Bn: soic oirt coy Me,motRudngao 6,a e,yDuval, ax,im Messrs, Bond rthl Bad,waok QLeeds ; PAfdalu Ossiciaee,siMr.e Totig. Uedrs. othm James hasbrdell ra. srv>oa msnulaclner.Jan. 15, Feb 2ah i, at 11 Chvristopher and Timoth, Tblim Whakefield, d;BrB. JM 8'andh 'etob. 12at t he Leends DistrictrJour t of Bankruptcy soltor, 8ese. BDL_ ittra Mru. BrstL;ws oVialuasbt eir, b. Acr. YoUag, 8 ridto ThEorsd Taywor, an Ceh, n 8eldr, logngolir, neaeer.an. 1i,n o bteccs1e, hrat, ItoclocmanitheLcs,Ja DisriFeb. aurt at 1B 'cloct at heBiatot, W.eAindersour YorkbandrMe: solcto.. Metsc, Lmereeon alnd aoiardee, rio Go i Lee , Mr.hile, Bitoil. e llamc, orefaker, t verpDhcoitsinrer,Jan. J1., Tat1 o'clock, Feb.clocat1 o at the LOled Dstrct eneU of Bankruptcy: solti Jan--.' FoC.bJ. And Goodman. andrtoe Conay,x 1erpool;1, Da. s, BwooEad, Todmordlen r.-J 16,kb.rM, Leeds Oficsial aecignee Mr. gope, bLeTuedr,Lvepo Roblier.-.Hanr AnderFon, York.3n soriener. Ja~ln.a Brm. on Fe. 2.a Jo'er.Jat th 1edP Asexanderit CourtlofLtrertpo: cottloir, roker. Robere, oornurn mrhalif-azde. Jan . Melrond nd b. 2 t. Pussclec a3t the,Leed. DietrlictDClart ofttBanLruetcy:Dislicitors,t MfsBrs. u, ratsuKenny Haslioa, Mard esrswlBdne d and Barak,erda; eOf Liver pasige,M. 1on, e. Fds. Livero3L Chretbupher and J.mothy Tram.b Wrakafeld, Ukimr,Jan. 15, W Georie-treet MStDn. Leedrs offcialBt arcorc, udir.JD 1o5gLed Ew.ard Reaton, File-y,hRakbehraP, avelevsiuy, neaommrr-lan. ageu H.d Feb. liat11 o, i cldckat 12OClk t th e Leeds ststrictDCou Can urtuptcy ndci J.W. Ande,Grson, 'Strk,ed and Xet.otnd andh eBrs,oh, es;r cbellaDesA-Ju. 1, R. TopeH, Lase-stre-. ecbe sur,Acne b ward Lindsey, Bker, Liurp, oottobper.Ferb Jan. B, ad2 at 11 'clock, a the Liber,cole rDistrlce 9,ont ofBa Bn upcy: aolluitois. aDsignee, D. r. Roce; oila 2 aIgnea, Turer L pi Jcee~hEdwad Uran AlexNdewcnatle-,LiverpoTol, coton broerhn, Janl8 I holo, -, at 'clock. at the L o trt Crtlaunk. rJt. try solicitors. essot BFrupDitcy:, DL2it9r, ane 1rsdelow, L terscsi official a assigne.r.By,Lieerpoae,oL oul-umTya Janmes and Hob,Blashopward, strieseoithu, itk manufcuers, Jan. 49 andwFPb.a1, at 12 o'clock, at the Mancbrrr District Court of Bank tC.ranowicitors.,MGreenr.ch rtt DieDtAnd m acrdlesleidJ Ofijel, utear-igee, M Sutftter wanceboser. .Ju.1,3LWt Jaes Borown, hatio aykblide,andButn Dlew er,corn erir,Intkeeper. Jn12, Feb Dual, atosby-o'w, Watwothe oadc,se &District Cburtd ofs Bankitarupty:psovlcr,mer. nrebaw.-Jacches,Ter offilat aiiGreet Dr. Festeer, Manthesrk.brlmk -Ju .MNagt BwliyubamandlJaes deane.-Jaeriha Eaves. naress Bnrthli,S stoex, ma n, Ja. , eb.2,at12 'coca a te Mnceser.- DistrictS Court or Bnkrptc : oliiter, Mser. Cbbet a d W reeler,mancufater Georg Ramiton. Bacp. molon fonne. Jan.5,re.-J2. a 16 T Messs. oodandJaceon Robdae; ffiiemasinee, a r. 1Pelt,F asanebeetes. ~ ~ ~ TmO Lurne Willam Rbinsn ~riu. ewcstie.~u.Tne, roe e,Trchant, JsnERTIhalf-pasto be 'ctloc, uFeb.19 cat * bt the Newtasthe-upont. caate.uon.Tne;onfciltshgee W rB atietn cslens Ti Jan.2I,.WX.Hodie, Brth, AglvestroketwtHount sttroner.-Jan. 19, T C.Dran,gwir, Fue, Greensichr sad. Dep.tiordVa WierJnkle 18ultJy Cuapper,uttr-ane P . oDtItteg ar ebueWs-buJld 15, rmDo. WUteo. 1,MWht.ltofNew Cornxxhag, a.se. and ngewhre corklne, ana 'ote-Jn wbnightsbride prvsomerchant.-Jana 6 . telro , Nash,T Rn. Grmet Hatove-gareet auonThvwale. bbneaer -Jan.y S15 dhi b'oiler mbushr.-an.heei, lJ.endaitrh,Jambr15, H. Cartleer,*rhng. pn-seo. taior-ant.Ja 15, J. Moh, xart -win, krn, bcuilder.-Jan. 18,5.LuWe toRaidJing 6,, Lei Camur'tis, Ge.hm b Nodrfolk 1, Jo.-Stakes16 St. Gtenorgestee. FIyStr eetge?Chsthr-d t corho bsudler.-Jn 1,u. 11'. Wrude,mbetoBapgeidy,ardchamberysa 1u.kJ. bwy corte,uLoaurence Jonutneylane Wos.inowndutereetBn o, 0.-ianahan. Callre-Mil.nesr H.ewbehrb, Lancahir-&e, Cottnbllpimnncg -agnt-10, .1Peke. Toequs GERTlitICTFa.to be. grante, untltesstaus be ohoartquthe, lcontsed Jan.15.3. Adoearth, Avcraoke Hats, gdoohire-a1, tibe Day luch,Essx, lctslir.-au.15.J ch.eantinklmeer.-Poutry taven ker,e.-Jan 15 5 Fond.Grea Watern-osAel, Paddintern, 16, I. Wite.lateof ew Crn.Echsne. at 1ko.lan k atnheis where cornmerchnt.-Jn. 16 3. lelroo'candkT.at Messry, Te Average Prlce of Prown orMuocodo Suer, ComDuted frona the retunm mnade hi the week ending the 224 of memDber. exeluefre or Cuutom' dutiesad o Vaabllberco n othe Importation thrret iuto Great Britanr From tho BWitiah PorsoIons In America 2Ea. ildds r cvrt. 'Fromthe faurltlus . Ib. 5Sd. Average price of the twof oregoingdeecrip. tions of sugar, joinolu oputed aa abwe, and exclusive ot duty, .. .. . . .. 26s. 61d. By authority of Pariameut, H1N2Y BIO12;KuT Clerk of Lbe Grocers' Company. GrooWa'-ball, Dee. 25.
BANK OF ENGLAND. (From Friday's a=a c) An Account, pursuant to the Act 7th and 5th of, Vl6toria, cap. 32, for the week ending on Wednesday, Deo. 23, 1857. ISSUE DEPARTMET. w of which two muilons ae sued under the authoioty of the 1ottOr frozn the First Lord of the Treatora an4 the Chanmtcir of ths 3mcheqoer. M. MARSHALL, Chief Cashier. Dated the 24th day of December, 1857.
OUR EXPORTS TO THE U!ZITED STATA& ._ TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Slr,-Xhe decrease in our exjports to the United States during the month of N~ovemnber shows such a sadden and extraordinary revulsion of trade, that I beg to eend you the following figres, excted from the Board of Trade accounts, and to ask for thema place In yonr columns- Total value ot the prindipal atilele. lNov.. 185G. Nov., 1857. of British produoe expotred to the tnlted States, as far as enumerated .. .. .. .. X1.64,W .. ;SWZS$S Decreae In Noveuber, 1857 .. .. SI, 211,539. The following is the decrease in each of the principal enumerated articles;- eer and ale. 13,342 Cott4na:-Cal1oe9, cambrici, 4,. 352,591 *Earthenware and porcelb . .. 6 817 Haberdaele and ADUnery . ,, ,, ,, 87,672 HaTdwares and cuUery. .. .. 7,393 Lienas:-Oloths of ll kinad, and cambrlem . 03,916 ron:-I' . . . .. . ., . 11,683 . 3ar, bolt, and red. . . . 39,283 ,, Wrought of rts . . 27,2a. . Steela, unwnught .36.102 Copper:-Sbeeta, nai Os. ....13,297 Lead :-P le, doled and sheet, and shot .. .. 5,049 TinplAtes.3.D132 Ollseed I.. .. .. .. .. . .. 18,142 Balt ,1 .. 1,622 SilkmtAufacturoa :-Stuffs, baudkerehefs, tc 9,06( Otfer detteles of silk only .2,ss6 Stationery 6,760 Woollens :-OlOo of anl knds. 41,802 mixed stufft, fIsnnel &c. .... 66,679 Worsted stuffs .15,255 Totl.. ..;1,M Upon coal there was a small increase. Allowini for other artiles, the export of which to the United Staitf is nob distinguisbed, the total decreaso of ouLr exports to thati country in the last month, as cS1flmtaed with the correspond. iDg month in 1IS6, is ptobably not less in amount than 1,300,00C1, or nearly 75 per eent. Youz tedient servant. jo-QNwulm
HER AJ81TY'. THEEATPI-PiolominI _ 8zts Gt d; Bellutt, Roml,Vlaletti, and Aldlghlerl-Thre3 EW1 P1592ta. TfIghb,d$ Deo.' 29, Thursday De. 31 Saturay, J a. 2.-The ollowing favourite opers Wmill be Uven :-Tcesday, Dlo. 29, rL TaOVATORy. Thmrsday Dec.33 La Travlata; SUarday. Jan 2, Lucis dI L=nrnermoov. PMme -i . al! 124 6d. boxes (t; hold tourt PerSne). pit and one pair L2i 2.; gran tbr, l3 33. ; tw'o palr 61 f.; tkyes pair. i].5; gRlWle box;, I(s. gallery stalls, 3s. a ; gallery., 2a., pitk a. 6d. No nee list. The box-offle is now open. where bores and stalls maybe secured. It TrDraiore-kLU the boxes and tialls haveog been diposed o r for t reresentation of Tcesday, Dee. 29, II Tonatore wiU bo nwto aoaS, Jan. 5. rilETATRE ROYAL DRURY-LiANE-Leee, L Mr. Z .TSmith. Tbe THEATRX1 Il OPIy. superbly deco. rated througboai by Mr. B. Hurwitz, TEIld EVENING (Saturdsy). wben will be produced the Grand Cherlum Pantomime Inventel and written by E. L. Blanobard. Esq.. entitled LIlPLE JACK HIORNER: or Harlequin A B 0, and the Elfin Land ot Nursery Eho,mee. The beautih'l mceaeny by Miz. William Beverley; the mualo by Mr. J. H. TulleY; the rropertUes by br. Needha,m: the mechantcal Inven'lcns by Mr. oker; the maks and models by Dykwmnkn ; tue otnesimee by Mr. Palmer and Mrs. Dlokinsn; tbG ga apoilutmenta by Mz. Ilinkley: the choreogtApbic srnangemente by M. Pet.i the comicnoaomes by Meoars Boleno and Flexmore. Tte wbole prnduced by lir. Robert RoxbY. Two clownS, E, Boleuo and Flexmortwospritee,theBrother, Elliott: two e ,quin . MAL hI1a1o anU IL Si, MAine, harlequing, Mdlle. Agnee two pantaloons, lesrs Haclr and W. A.. Barnes; dandy lover, MV. Denln ; and two eoolm. hns, Madame Boleno nbnMdl le. Clb'stune. Prtincipja danoers, biss Roelna Wstght and Madsme Aurtol. assisted by Dpwards of l0 ladies of the ballet. All at reduced prioag of admision. Galleries d. and Is.; pit and Stond circle of boxes,va.; Ilrat o'rcle of boxes 2. 6d. ; dress circle, 4s.; ;talls, 5s.; prvateaw boxcs 10. 6d., 1 ia, I las. d nd 2 guineas. Doors open at ban.past 6d commence at 7. with a favourite comic drama. Seon=d P-icn at 9. The box offlce, under tbe dalectionof Mr. H Ohattertoo. open daUy. The oorning Performpnoe eeerr Wednesday at 2 o'cloci. ,HEATRE ROYAI. HAYMARKET.THIS L IEG o ony Decz te week, Morton s comedy ot SPEED TE PLOU and Mr. the da!e. Ir. Compton Mr. . Faren B Mr. UhlotrMr B FlItzellm.Mrs. Grlnot, MilaB.Terran, A.teewicb the w nand oomic al Tr PItJpntomime,entItl TH SLEEPING E&7 NTH WO.D rH eunadteBpte lFairy. The scenery ot the ai story santd by Me. Wilam Oalcot Tbe HErlequnnade by hessrs. Morle and O'Cunow. The muiuc o the opics: panbomime arranged and oomposed by btr. D. Spillane. Yenoma, the Spltetul Fairy Me. Clar; Biteyrs, Miss Fann Wright: tt e KJing of Spindledom. Mr. Cloote PrimncsRoya) MssLu, Lenl,rcq: the Young Prince TnI1PMlu Ftz Inman; Hrleuin, M ir. Artfr Lecsieqc; Columbin e Fanny Wri t; Pntsoin Mr. MACkay; Clown. Mr. Charles Locleroq; the %Leis on her Travels. hi L0uisa Lecleq. The 11rat Morving Performance of the Ienlmlimo wi take place on Thursday nert Dec. 31. ad every Thursday til further notice. commentcng precisely at 2 and conciding at 4. New Arrangenments ot Prbefs:-Orostra rinlis (shlohmaybe cetaized the wbole of t'e eveing, d for which there will be no cbarge for booking). Is. ech. Fisnt Pdice-Deeboxe, ts.; upuer boxes, Zs.; pit, 'I: gaUery, Is. BecondPrie-Dresboxe, s. upper boxes. 2s.; pit is, gal, dt. Tbe pubic are respeotfolly informed that the uppr gallery Is aboled andthattherewillbe but one gallery open, capable of sontanins 8CO persons. )L -~Grftt Attrc- blou.-GrancAd~~~~~~te l b of l3atmm.'EtllgX eNEk i og ( igthe P wiop beerodc.d the poDnvar drama of RHOWEALO PRHNESWSR. HRTOI- Rawt ew cne- dhes Mo a na In whichMadMame OelesXe My.* ghtI Mr. Ellhcatou, c. O.sWby, 31L P. Beford, And Miss Ard will appear. AMter rwhch wil be produced thegrand newAunionChrisrE a cI panes me e with newascenery dreses, trIck D ator.atGonE. &, calledHAR fL11QUIN ANPD THE LOVES OP CUPID AD PYSOHE. by Mtirs Merle Will-on. Mic ary Keola,Mrs Bltllngtn (her DlFt sorst AnnOe) MORpDnlBodre Tconerrluendersonh(the belebsquedCpown) IIr. Becklngtamu Ithe popolar Pantaloon). ho. mmLYAIA PRINDEHS J THFATRE.-PMder the toManagement of MHr. Charias Reae-erHs EVEox O e Sabrdayr, THe CORSICA2 BROTHE wS, And on Monday Winb FMtherd ll. iRi.tlchard II, qir. C. Kern: Queen Mrs. O. n, u. P 0YL LiYOtEUM THfEATRE.-Solo Iseae atid A.SLtlanteer. pit. Charle. aLn _on, NIGHT (Boxing Night).- ANtiEL OsR DEvIL . To eonelode withthe brleasue and pantomime L,ALL ROOKIL AND TllEi PE?lNOsSS, the Paes, and the froumadour or. HMrlequin and the tceber n of the Deahset Sop. irsted by Miesdames Charles Dillon. Bonilo hite, Etdz Webb, Maria Tern m, Tether Jacobs And Woog ar; 4ess Barrot, Chhaem, Holaton. l'oynter, Titoecry. and J. L-. Too'.. Clowns, MZess T. Matthewse and B. Stilt; H;arlequin, Mir. J. 33ickOtis; Pantaloon, Yr. b8Dt; 8pritea Herr Zelfski and Boos olumbin,i s A Maco'n and Eee, t3orgoow Feas oi Ianierns-Ysntou's Grondl Toanr formation Boone. Morning Performuance to commrenosat haliprt 2. Ytat appearance of Mr Cthrles Duelon on Mbuokay next THTIAND THEETG. E.-THIS EVEPH INe- t>ICARLE InN NOVELTY AN] THE. PEINCTEb wiio LOST HElR d Aae . Harleuin, Miss Croen. Columbinte zwWl DeTllr Sp'l. lien wic t The Lanbert Famlm and the RedMau 0E Aar. in their WOndrrt perlor,aceus o. antalhs Is.; boxes. 2si. yiL Is.: gallery, 6dL Children habl-price. Q TYAL SOHO TREATRE.-THYE,EDfll _,-& foricus Pantomimce. HIARLE QUJINr KING AmoelIPAe AND THE AIRY OF THE: CORA ISLANI)S With magid. cent roonery and ellects. Clowrn the renowned Ae tN,3 boxes. 2a.; pit. le, Halt-price at i AbeL Stalls, 3o; (1 HAT NATIORAL PTAIINERD TTHEATRE; THS orENINth-I wl eVpdenINGea balf.paeIO6N BRToHomEnS with the Grandw Cr-smas Paltomme casle dpGEOGim E nPOtgedH PUDDING, AND PIE; or, Thrle rino Dad laeg Loer Wall merglficentdscenery. dre and appoIntet an4 a grndinane ferniattan acene, Three Horsitng Performace-SJDa, Dec. 26th; t oeday. 26th; and Tneeday, 25th. THEATR3 ROYCEUM HAY IiTRE. Under the Mana gmentof Mr. aeskitone. THIS EVE''ING, SPNELD TIE pEVL U. G: hy l feeahb Chlppendale. W. Farren, Compton, 1G.* Mealames PlIrwilliam Tersn 4G. Attes which the pan omaimei of THE AD TEEd BEAPURINYEIy TLe WOOD; or, Harlequn and the BDltetul Fr CJom mience at 7. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ THEATRE ROYAL, ADgLP!L Pro-prietor Mr. B. Websterm Decnt s so Madme Cel THIS EVEkNLG, THE: WEPT OF Tid E WILH-TON-WISH: t. Wrierht and H ladame Celerte. With the Union Comic wanthomimE,UI HABEQUTNY] TE THE OE CUPI orLitl PSYCHLe; ise WiltoEUn, Keeley: Moran. Bediford, Hiendesn BeGooGhoe. ComdMence at 7. ROYAL OLYMPI THTRE LIs , Me -rs. . Bobson and W. 3. elmlen. THIS EVENIN. THE TIIiGEDY QUEEN: Mr. Addlison Hand ers. Stirling. A new ExrQueensc, enttlUed THIE ROGE OF MURALBTO or the nlt chanted En s: HMeanes. . Robson, IT. Cooke, H, W itan o. Iiurra db Mirses Wy nda, Hufhes ebet, Mrs. Em/wden, Ac. And CRIOLINX. Commence at hlf-ast d 7. ROYAL PRINCESSR S THEAT&RE Lnder the hana emant of M. Charles Bke. TIS EVENING wil be presnTid TNE CONIDCAPNTBROTHER Dablen L Succies del Franoh, Ce Mr. C. Le Criler which will th now aomei P grand comiim o hriatmu DantomiT m enV.ioed HA nrodN T or a new HAT; or, The Princee Blnohe Flower an4 Hier Fai1ry Godmothers. ROYAL, LYCEUMy THZATRE, S'ole LIeee end Manager, Nr. CDharles Dillon. TElS EVENING, ANGEL OR DEVIL. To conclude with the burlosque and paetomime ot I ArejA ROOKEI AND THE PRIXOES, tbe Perl, and the Troubatour; os, Hmnlquin std the Ohebers of the Deset THEATRE ROYAL SADLR'-WELLB. UJnder the Management ot Mr. Pheiw THIS EVENINGa w,il ho performed THE StRANGEB. The Strn,ner, Hr H3 Niareton: Mrs. Haileor Mrs. C. Youing To conolude with iARL-EQUIN BE!AUTY AND THEilB BBlP- or. Liiit Gioody Twro Shoes sad Mother Bunch's floobmee in BabytaSnd, SURREY THETRE.L Lesse, Messrs. f Shp erdad Crelole TH}I8 EVYNING, THE HOlflYYOON. QUJEEN MAll or, Harile quin Rom eo and JulIet Qoesu YMab, Mi3E Webster; R omeo, Me, Beimore: Juliet, Nr. Tapping; Harlequin Mr. Clover; Columbine, bliss Wilhanoti Clown, by the Surrey PuPC; Sprite, Young Bond; Pantaboon, Mr. BSraDhosy. A3SELIY'S ROYAL APHITHlEAETZE. THS EVENIG.THE ST6MNGAD CAPTUE5 OW DBELH Succeededi by Sceres in the Circle, Concluditng with the new comic pantomime Ot DONT QUIX;OTE AND H[IS ST11:D IIOSINANTE or, Harlequin Sanoho ParrZ, COOPUnenat. TO COB.R1SiONlENT We cannot utidertalce to retuar reieoted communicatIion ~i The publiCation of Tia Turn comnced at b O'0Ole ictra mnorning, and finied at 15 mXinute toO.
LONDO0?, SATURDAY, DECEBBR 26, 1857, do - It seems likely that the late commercial disasters of the United States will have their due effect on the policy of the Government and the manners of the people. This time the collapse has been too complete, the calamity too widespread, and the causes too evident, for the impression to die away, and the speculators to resume their old game as soon as the vibration of the shock has passed. The Me*sage of the American PRESIDENT is bold in its criticism of the existing banking system, and denounces freely the practlces to which it has notoriously led; and now the ScnrETARY OF TltE TREAsuRY, in his report to the Chief Magistrate, does not hesitate to demand the interference of Congress to do that which the several States will probably shrink from doing themselves. It may, indeed, be as much out of the power of Congress as of the local Legislatures to act decisively; however, the opinions of the Government are not the less evident, and it is fit that they should be known and considered in this country. But we must first speak of the financial position of the Utnited States as represented by the Federal Treasury. It cannot be doubted that, although America is still an isolated country, which mixes neither in the wars nor the diplomacy of Europe, there is a tendency in its expenses to increase until they approach something like the European level. The rapidly augmenting wealth of the community, the absence of debt, and the newborn desire fer territorial extension, have led within the last few years to an expenditure on warlike objects for which, on this asde of the ocean, we were hardly prepared. From the Report, of which we publish an abstract elsewhere, we learn that the balance in the Treasury on the 1st of July, 1856, the commencement of the financial year, was $19,901,325, and that to this was added during the year $68,631,514, making a total of $88,532,839, or not far from 18,000,0001. sterling. Of the whole $68X631,514 collected during the year no less ihan $63,8Z5,905 was derived from Customs. From this may be seen how entirely the American revenue is at present supported by a system of indirect taWation. With a large and thinly peopled territory, with a people impatient of personal interference, with a great snd increasing trade, and a strong propensity to indulge in foreign luxuries, America has found it her best, and, indeed, her only oourse, to raise her revenue from duties on foreign products. Even Freetraders have acquiesced in this system, and confine their efforts to advocating a lowering of duties, on the ground that com1netce would be invigorated, while the sum brought into the Treasury would not be diminished. But the manner in which this very considerable revenae is expended is not less worthy of notice than the means by which it is raised. The expenditure for the financial year 1857 was $70,822,724, of which Civil Service, foreign intercourse, and misceUaneous expenses took up $27,531,922, while the War Department and the Navy Departnent were respectively $19,261,774 aud $12,726,856. These last two runms make up a total of $31,988,630, or over *in millions sterling of our money. Now, although this is certainly not much, compared with our own enormous expenditure of late years, still it is a considerable sum, and shows that the Americans are not so negligent In preparing for the eventuaLity of war as is commonly supposed. If a people without an enemy or au " entangling alliance" spends such a sum yearly, it cannot be accused of in any way forgetting that it has coasts to defend and commercial interests in every sea to support. In fact, military works have of late received the especial attention of the Government, while no pains have been spared in putting to sea vessels of the first order, armed with the most powerful inventions of modern science. In consequence of a lower tariff and the commercial crisis, which has lately ouspended the industry of the country, the SECRnTAnY confesses himself unable to calculate with certainty on the resources of the Treasury. The revenue is calculated on the rapid development of the trade and consumption of the country; and, according to the Report, it may safely be calculated that the ratio of annual increase has not been less than ten per cent., though within that period there were two years in which there was a falling off, attributable, doubtless, to temporary causes. The present year, however, is likely to add a third instance, and, in spite of the great resources of the country and its power to recover from any sudden pressure, it must be calculated that there would be a reduction of 25 per cent. in the imports, which would correspondingly diminish the .Fedoral revenue. It is suggested, therefore, that there should be power given to the Department by law to issue Treasury notes for an amount not to exceed twenty millions of dollars, payable within a limited time and carrying a specified rate of interest. The public debt of the United States is now merely nominal, considering the wealth and greatness of the country. It amounted on the 1st of July, 1857, to $28,060,3S6, and since that time the sums $3,895,232 and $4,878,377 have been paid off. And yet the Government continues to advocate the practice of strict economy, "re"gardlful alike of the just claims of the "people and the protection of the treasure "and credit of the Government." The question of Protection is then reviewed, and the SEoCRTARY doea not hesitate to enunciate the principles of Free Trade in all their breadth. He contrasts the spirit which sends out exploring expeditions and cruisers into every sea with the policy which would shut out the productions of foreign countries on the ground of their conflicting with native industry, and points out that the desire for territorial extension can only be explained on the principle that the Americans wish to bring as large a part as possible of the worild within the pale of their custom-houses, which is really a feeling Inconsistent with the maintenance of a protective system. A certain class of Protectionists have asserted that a tariff calculated only to produce revenue and not to enforce protection would be the cause of dlsaters lke that which has just come upon the States but the SwnEnT&nT combats this doctrine, and declares that the cause of these revulsions is the undue expansion of the credit system, of which the banks are the maiu prop. The effects of this sysem were exhibited in the fact that, although the New York banks reported a larger amount of specie in their vaults than that of their notes in circulation, they were unable to meet the demands of their creditors, owing to their credit operations. To the undue expansion of credit he attributes the fluctuation of prices and the extravagant habits of the community. The individual States had done nothing to check the evil tendencies of banks a nd commercial corporations, and therefore it was necessary for the Federal power to interfere. "The period," he says, " has arrived for "Congress to employ the powers conferred by "the Constitution to mitigate the present evil and "to prevent a catastrophe of a similar kind in "1 future, and for this purpose a compulsory bank" rupt law, to include two classes of corporations " and companies, is neessary." The banks ancd railroad companies are those especially threatened. The SEcRETARY OF THE TxRAsury would not seek to interfere with the Bankrupt Law of the individual States, but would rather add a supplementary enactment, in accordance with the passage relating to the subject in the P:xsM1Exm s Message. Whether these good resolutions will come to anything we cannot tell, but it is strange to see the sudden conversion wbich has affected the financiers of the New World.
We alluded in an article the other day, on the subject of the Dartmouth convict case at the Exeter A-sizes, to the advantage of transportation over penal servitude at homae, as providing the most wholesome form of punishment-as giving room for aU the necessary natural severities of punishment, without any morbid or artificial appendage3. We sympathize with crimainals so far as this,-that simply as members of the human race, however savage, brutal, and revolting specimens of it, we would protect them from unnat'ur(a punishments. But there our sympathy ends. Our general sympathy is with society, which needs the very sternest protection against its Invaders. Who can measure the force and impetus of criminal nature, what it can do, what it mey do at any moment, or therefore say wbat coercion may not be required for it? It must be remembered that criminals are themselves, wherever they are, roaming abroad before crime or loclked up In gaol after crime. The act is over, but the nature is a continuing thing-the criminal nature, that desperate animal slavery to ferocious impulses which are submitted to instantaneously upon their arising. It is this reckless, Impulsive nature, which nobody can souud or measure, that our prisons have to keep in order. People do not think enough of this latter point in their estimate of prison measures; they think of the criminal act, but not of the criminal nature,-not of the habitual and pernaanent force which requires controlling, and which upon the withdrawal of the counter-force would bound up like some spring of tremendous power and endanger life. So long as you keep from unnatural punishments, from morbid refinements of punishment, there is no saying what severities this nature requires and justifies. Now, what we say is, that transportation allows the exercise of these necessary severities in the most wholesome form, and without the sepulchral oppressiveness and gloom of perpetual 3mprisonment within walls, which is itself not a necessary, and perhaps not on the whole a salutary or beneficisl elemaent, in the composition of punishment. Transportation to a penal settlement at once com. mits a criminal to the hands of stern officers of justice, who, inasmuch as they are the lords of the territory, do not require walls for the enforcement of their discipline. The whole territory is a prison, the very soil is devoted to the awful pur. poses of justice. The men work in the open air in gangs, they fell timber, saw timber, and work in coal mines, stone quarries, and dockyards. They work with chains on their legs, and they have to rough it in every imaginable way,-in diet, clothing, and lodging. " One of the most severe duties," pays a visitor to the settlement in Van Diemen's Land in 1836, "which the prisoner is put to per" form is the carrying of large logs from the in" terior and almost impassable parts of the wods " to the beach, and again landing them and trarn"porting them through the water to the dry " ground and dockyard. Self-preservation compels " every one to do his best to support the enormous "weight, which, notwithstanding, he must be "strongly impressed within himself would cru-s "him at once to death, whatever his efforts might "be, unless his companions in like manner did their "part." This is a picture of convict labour, and it represents an appropriate and characteristic scene of punishment-a scene of most severe struggle and hardship in a wild and desolate domain of nature. The advantages are that the struggle, desperate and obstinate as it is, is a struggle with genuine prim eval nature. The convict is set down on an untrodden soil, amid primordial forests and thicktiessness, with hills to level and rocks to cut through, and he is made to do the work without the reward which work naturally claims. Thus it Is severe, hard, unprofitable work; still it is work wbich employs him, not letting him fall back upon himself, but forcing his activity, and absorbing his attention. The difficulties, indeed, which present themselves in conquering a new country, and subduing rude primitive nature, are specially suitable for convict nature. They give a proper application to that strength of animal impulse which breeds crime in ordinary life; they consume the dangerous sulphuric lire as it rises, and spend the energy of mischief and outrage upon the stubborn clod, touglh timber, and massive roclk. It is quite true that transportation is associated with great abuses and great defects, and that the history of some of our penal settlements discloses frightful scenes, but with the experience of the past before us we ought to be able to guard against the recurrence of the incidental evils which our negligence produced. Those who argue against the transportation system make great use of these blots upon the administration of it, but it is easy to see that the arguments which these lamentable facts give them are the best arguments they have, and that their objections to the principle of the system are not formidable. It is satisfactory, then, to notice that what supplies the strongest ground against the transportation system is, after all, an incidental and a remediable, not a necessary and immutable, part of the system. There is another advantage connected with transportation, and that is, that it relieves the softhearted portion of the public from that pressure of responsibility under which it so often labours under our present system, when the secrets of the prison-house are let out, and some piece of severity Is disclosed which looks at first sight gratuitous, strange, and harsh. There is a tender-hearted school which is shocked at anything lie harsh personal restraint, and abominates specially the very idea of an express instrument for that purpose, forgetting that the public at large is really no judge of what degree of corporal reatraint is necessary in these cases, or therefore as to the severity of the instrument which is wanted. Any instrument of this kind appea's horrible, as such, to many persons; they may have a vague idea that restraint is necesary-they may even havs an idea that in some cases severe restraint is necessary; but that an instrument should be used for the purpose-that is the dreadful thing. The truth is, persons not conversant with criminal nature, persons who never go into gaols, who never see a criminal except very occasionaUy in the dock at the Assizes, hemmed iu by javelinmen and looldng meek and spiritless-persons whose only knowledge of civil justice happily lies in the fact that they eat, drink, and sleep in blissful security,-these innocent benevolent persons are really no judges about a case of prison corporeal restraint. The public-i. e., the intelligent part of it-is a judge upon the general merits of a system; it may pronounce against a certain class of punishments as morbid and unnatural; it may discuss with advantage broad principles of punishment. That is one very proper piece of control which the public has over our prison discipline. Another very proper piece of control which the public has is the virtual appointment of the ultimate authority in the deoartment of civil punishment. Every prison in this country Is under the control of the Home-office, so far as this important point is concerned-that no kind of punishment can be applied to any inmate of a prison which has not the sanction, tacit or express, of the Home Secretary. Now, the public through Parliament appoints the Government, and with the rest of the Government the Home Secretary. As the representative of a Parliamentary majority he gives a pledge for his fitness for office which the public cannot object to. The R:ome Secretary, then, as the Mnister at the head of the prison discipline of the country, is the representative of the pubie, and this is another proper piece of control which the public has over prison discipline. Bui;, having these two general powers of control over the system, the public had better, we think, be contented with these general powers, and not attempt, except in extreme cases, to interfere in particulars. It would be a mistake to Interfere at both ends, both in appointing the authority which is to look after cases and in the particular cases themselves, whenever they occur, too. This latter may be benevolence indeed, but it is too often fidgety benevolence, and sometimes very mischievous benevolence.
Mr. BuoHAxANs style, In his late Mesage to the Congress of the United States, betrays very clearly where he is treading on eggs. There is cautious balance, an anxious determination to right him. self, an exactness of self-justification, and an elaborate construction of a basis for himself as he goes over the ground of the Kansas question. On the whole, he getsout of it not amis, but the process of propping up is too transparent. It is not bad propping, good workmanship enough, but it is too visible-he is always looking to see if the stone sits quite flat and level. Does it show a little sign of unevenness, down he goes on his workman's L-nees again, and inserts the proper adjusting material underneath in the proper corner; then he looks at his plumb again. Is it all straight now ? No, It yields a little in the other corner, and there must be a little more propping matter puit in there. So the subterstructure of the Kansas case goes on, the mason fidgeting artistically inderneath the pavement, then testing the result by his plumb and line, then fidgeting again, then applying his plumb again, till the lead at last falls straight, and indicats that the laws of gravitation are satisfied, and that the Kansas question is adjusted. The line of the Free State in Kansas has been to ignore all the public acts of the Southern party, all their conventions and conventional acts, to pronounce the whole one mass of illegality, and either to hold rival conventions of their own, which they put forward as the trae legal ones, or at any rate to protest against other conventions and refuse to take any part in them. They protested against the Lecompton Convention a year ago, and get up their own Topeka Convention. In the same way last September they refused to recognize the Convention, which took place upon the strength of an Act passed by the Lecompton Legislature for framing a constitution for Kansas; they kept aloof altogether, and allowed the Southern party to manage their own Convention, and form their own constitution. Mr. BuouN.&wN does not support the F ree State paty in these disowning acts; he recognizes all that the Southern patty has hitherto done in Kansas as legal, the original Lecompton Convention, the Convention that met in September and received its authority from the lIecompton Convention, and the Constitution framed by this latter Convention. Moreover he will not compel any re-submission of this Constitution, now that it has been once framed, to popular inspection in Eansas. He would prefer, indeed, such a submission, and he " took it for granted" that it would take place, on the pattern of the Minnesota Constitution, which Congress ordered to be re-submitted to the people. But, inasmuch as the Kansas-Nebraska Act does not pooitively require any such re submimsion in the case of Kansas, he feels that he cannot enforce it. So that up to this point the Free State party are completely overiidden by the PRESIDENT, having the legality of two successive Conventions which they have all along dlisowned thrust upon them; and, lastly, being now compelled to swallow unrevised a whole Constitution from the framing of which they purposely and deliberately kept aloof. The PRESIDENT resis his judgment upon this latter point upon a nice legal construction of a clause in the Kansas-Nebraska Act. The question is, whether that Act requires the whole Constitution to be re-submitted to the people, or only the clause relating to slavery. " This," says the PRESIDENT, will be made clear by a "simple reference to its language. It was 'not to "' legislate slavery into any territory or State, norto "'exclude ittherefrom, but to leave people perfectly " 'free to form and regulate their domestic institu"'tions in their own way."' Now, says the PaLnsiDENr, it is clear from this clause that what are intrusted to the popular revision are the "domestic " institutions," and not others. " But what is the I" domestic institution "' he asks, and answers " Clearly slavery." It has this meaning, he observes, both by the obvious construction of the clause and also by its own etymology. "Domestic " instiiutioS are limited to the family; the rela" tions between master and slave, and a few others, " are domestic institutions, and are entirely dis" tinct from institutions of a political character." The conclusion is, that only that part of the Constitution relating to " domestic institutions " is to be re-submitted to the popular voice in Kansas7. e., only that part relating to slavery-" the "relations between a master and slave and a few "others"-a fortunate addition-being, as Mfr. BucuANAN obs3rves, " domestic institutions." However, the Kanaas Free State party are to have their vote free and open upon the slavery clause, which is the compensation for all the dirt which Mr. Bucz&AYx's policy up to that point compels them to swallow. Mr. BUCHANAw is clear and open on this point. He will have a direct popular vote upon it, and not any delegated vote, or simple appointment of a Convention for that purpose. A majority of representatives, he remarks, who are elected by Eeparate sections of the people, is not necessarily a majority of the people; but on this point the American Constitution appoints the najority of the people as the judge. " No other authentic "and satisfaetory mode exists of ascertaining the "wiU of a majority of the people of any State "or territory on an important and exciting ques- tion like that of slavery in Kansas, except by "leaving it to a direct vote." And accordingly this direct vote is guaranteed to the Free State party in Kansas. " An election "shall be held to decide this question, at "which all the white male inhabitants of the "territory above the age of 21 are entitled to "vote. They are to vote by ballot, and the " ballots cast at the said election sball be endorsed "'Constitution with slavery,' and ' Constitution "'with no slavery."' This form of putting the question does not, indeed, satisiy the Anti-slavery party, beeause, as it would appear, it does not save Kansas for ever from slavery, but only for the time. Slavery is not prevented by the Coastltution, which is made compatible with it, but only by a dause, which, if carried by the Anti-slavery party now, is capable of abrogation. This is the ruse of the Kansas Southerns whieh Mr. BucAx?eA. has endorsed. Still, at the worst the clause stop3 slavery for the time, and will stop it so long as it is enforeed-i.e., so long as the Antislavery party in Kansas are the majority. This, then, is the other side of the PRESIDEST'S balance, and it gives, on the whole, no particular reason to the Anti-slavery party in Kans to complain. They have it now in their power, as the majority of the population, which they are said to be, to stop slavery in Kansas, and we presume they will exercise it. The PnzsExDsr has evidently no feeling against them or their eause, and is simply bent on setting himself right with the Southerns, whom he endeavours to propitiate by this elaborate explanation of the necessity under which he acts. He almost apologizes for considering himself obliged to compel a direct popular vote on the slavery question, but he intimates that the necessity is too clear to be avoided. This ends a question which a year ago convulsed America from one end to the other. The States appeared upon the verge of a civil war, which indeed had actually begui in Kansas itself. Prophecy was awakening, and aU eyes were directed upon the United States, to see the issue of the great Republican problem. What would the North do? it was anxiouslY asked. Would the North at last fight, leave its comfoitable country house, refreshing entr6es, and hopeful balances, and stand up for a sacred principle against the insolent and bullying South? Sach was the look of affairs a year ago, but a year has given time to both parties to calm down, and to come to the conclusion that anything is better than fghting, and MIr. ButAcAt 's solution of the Eansas question will probably pass Congress after the proper amount of angry debate and interchange of epithets between the Northerns and Southerns. The Northern Democrats are said to be angry at the concessions to the Pro-slavery party, and to threaten opposition; but the unanimous Southern vote, backed by a judiciously reserved stock of Government patronage, will probably carry the compromise.
COURT CIROULAR. WINDSOR, FRIDAX. Bis Serene Highness tbe Prfrce of Leiningen arrived yesterday on a visit, and dined with Her Majesty in the evening. Dis Royal Higbness Prince Alfred arrived from Alverbank, attended by Lieutenant Cowell, RE. The Qneen and Prince Consort, the Prinoe of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, Princess Alice, Prince2s Helena, the Dache,s of Kent, and the Prince of Leiningen, the ladies and gentlemen of the Court, amd the dornesti household attended Divine service this morning in the privateebapeL The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Wlndsor per. formned the service, and adminiWtered the Holy Sacrament. The band of the Royal Horse Guards was in attendance dining the Royal dinner party In the Castle yesterday, Her Majesty's private band afterwards played in the Drawing-room. Mleetings of the Cambridge University ComnmiSioners were held on Tuesday, the 22d, Wednesday, the 23d, and Thursday, the 24th, at 6, Adelphi-terrace. The Commis. Etoners wrere-the Bishop of Chester, Lord Stanley, .LP.. the Right Hon. Sir Lawrenee Peel, the Right Hon. M. T, Bdanes, M.P., the Dean of Ely, and the Rev. Dr. Vaughan,
INDIAR DP,SPATOflES. INDrA BOARD, Dzc. 23. (From the London Gaazuc of Friday, Deo. 25.) The following despatch has been received at the E3ast India-house . No. L THE GOVxERNutGXZBNAL OF INDrA IN COUNCIL TO THE COURT Or DIxcTrors oF THE EAsT INDu Co0rPANY. Fort William, Nor. 9. (go. 71.) In confornity with Iintructlocs reoeived from the Secoret Cornmittee, that your hon. Court should be furnished with a-uthentio intellIgnene respectn E loeans, whether belonging to the East lndis Com s service or not, who may be kUllod or wounded by the hands of rebels, a circular has been issed to the autlhoritie noted on the margin,* requesting them henceforward to cause such a return to be mnade for submission to your hon. Court. 2. With respect to paat transactions, these authorities have been requested to cLl'rt from the best avralable Souroes as complete a statement as can be procured of these who have fallen, and that, though this statement' is to be rinado as complete as possible, still, whatever Information they might have should boeent i'n without waiting urntil the report can te made oomplete. 3. These returns, when recelved, will be duly transmitted to your hon. Court In the aseantime we forward a Ilata extracted from leters addremsed to this department. 4. The Home and Military Departments have been directed to submit what informnation they now possess on the subject to this department for transmLssaoR to your hon. Court. We have, &a., CANNING, J. LOW, J. DORIN, B. PEACOCK. Since the a6bove was written the required lists hLave been furnished by the Home Department and the Government of Bengal, and they wre forwarded herewith, No, 2. LisT or EuRoPrANS IKILLEID BY REBonS, PREPARED AT THE FORRIGN-OFFCZ, CALCUTTA. Major IL T. Blake, Commanding 2d Regiment Infantry, Gwalior Contiugent; Captain A. -W. Hawkins, commanding ls' Compaiy Artllery, Gwallor Contingent; Ueu. tenant A. Proctor, Adjutant 4th RegIment Infantry, Gwallor Conitingent; Lieutenant W. S.ewartk commanding 2d Company of Artilery, Gwalior Cnign;MjrF Sh1rrdff commanIng 4thcorpnt Ifntry, Gwalior Surgon;l Peney.,.W Coopandndg Assitant ChapyLain, G ors-N 4th May, 29th May, 4 p.m. Fret deia nrom his horigaditer Rmsar'obh temtnoscrp fte o Captamiln Spdt IlsdeCeornent Noewh st Rreyimbent Bome Bobay Lncem;r-Tosserabad, Woundh May 4h p.m. Killed dwie urlng the isutneceon at, and dtstrection oat nar. and tlls. Wedderby h Mari trato of , and mlae Colnelt Peney, awel commaniang l Regtaimen; Boa Daniel ers-Nusserabd, 29th ay, 4 p.m.Feldeae rom his re mosacrd i thir ouss b th HurLs Ight In. hosen on nth march. nd. ElAd by dxco on him way to Serjeant Fitzgeraldl-Esani C Cptki e Hard Joint enant-B tnda. Cut downm b bay BLepr Nr tseBarad iW tde Badda Nawabos srveiC Reportd b the, Nsabnd einuhdr, 2hMaiedI. nty-e Captin.Skxe, an wrhlde^t/ hirwie icZmly to hiden, Supe r- Mr.dHntliar., T. Adrs,PellSrs. AMure red R. Andemws wat duisn Wte iansure chUdren, aDeutyestrUctiorano Dp. Davishrote ; Mr. de n theunge frvoe anist), clerk In, Capetainroberatsonms ofc-Mra. Murdn,wiere nchell M.and Mrss.te Peadrolhier.r,Maistr ate mofthier; Lipeu. ntenaentan Cu&sBaoes, Beveranue Bunttoa, lin r. Datiel, Pa-trl t ry . ThompSo-se MT&lor.th WNetrbv n cisry. pLotednt hav. be Lshot nv, chirku thve tres;t were mEassare wine third hoster bh Nthve Hurrannah LighetoIn wife and four cshildre, Qarttexm0rter- Smerjoea; Linue Ltenant Taowdl nd hered by davalr s o n his wayro to Ir. Selr ean alryiz Serged-ant tly,Oeser.mU o.Captain C.rJon Magis trat-Bnds, Culitical oewn b Nawals owars Otbr15.Iree b h oa Lietean Saldrnbull AssistantSReveonueoh Octveobr 15 Mr. e Mr. Brlntsm withebroands therNiaw bn threrJued Rporemtines ied by the moaoabhas murdereda Mr.nten on , iu VetenantaF. Reurdeon, Feoptr AMtr. tedet Thr.a ct Anromear toS Aee; Mr the mAtndewrsc withrhi wife, mnd fure children, Deputylectort anReve DepyoMagistrate;roMd, comansis tast Roev Ife avoyuor Mr. J. Colle,tor of CustomatRs; Mr. t etG9nh.wife,chil a rnt osstr, Mr. anr whfe, andmthver 9SupterMinten neo Cife ot Depty C.mDunlo, withe Nsatier Inant ryhil; En snS.. Std Tlerk Mr. PNurcatiell Ianry LurenlvtjW. C.Hler,. ave o,12th Nativ v i fe and ch Ud. clegrk; wife, Matdosister, 12thrk NMtiv Infanttry, Nwitofthe if,and fntour chldren,Hz Crawfrd,rmclerk;Ser.et Lieu-g mitenantoCampel and Nanthver cavalry andcr, 14th Irre.s badconduot ryb CvLry,STidsi Fy theR eofesi,Renu Sursey or;T Lieutenant re-neb l inees, si tha Rarevue Suorveyo r CMr. n D T Ba ythn a is fe,twoheo P.lntial Aend th ree children Inbfasntrn; L eleuesnen Sura,Veyor;nar. H.rgo MirD,wife, adt thbereegchirern S b- Aistant Roeenue Sureyr;Mr Munrood Sub.Assstant Revenr^uePa Sureyor; Mr. 3.deo Sub-Assistantn eagenue Survecobr; G5. YoungSonb-kCistontevolien uarvleyo; Mr. Goarel;por3 Liehat Pewptyebwife an chilede by the mcutivteengineer MrS.Nrone.w, ifeter of uy C isssoner wzenth, siaste Purcl, jho, ctlrkm r.ean theloo withwife andi c1L do and moth Cea,le; Mr. Crwodn lr; Mr. Fleming, out r o pen nd cerhrand June 5nd 6.emass byt vent,6the mut taees Cofft e 92t Native infantry and 14thIorregd b t Cavalry,e seby t th Ra renel odanred, wahon rn is the athemp wihar-medo men.'adr Mr, Wyt;3E.Lfrec, efed bylerkeer of the 9coLigt avary Mr.T.. Jamds Maisrahm ueitendof Hueepore; Mr. Gr.nC. Jointm,MedistateStofrekueerpor-ea omeeroe June. ho edbmurdneredsby tinheer i ho Cavalreysuposed to have bree aes d byi thes R of Chira femae relt es CatinBr.tSorn nd hics, two. sons Poitca PAgent. Pra. rwef-oth October 15. Murdered by thhm;ine adthe Kottaht at. Shahder. Doe Su-aItantSzeoKth Ocobr1 poeuienteernaided byhinthe murenm of the 17efete h latl In.Thrantry cuot foear tmoerh by thead mutng Seery of NThI mRNantry-EAN MHeTerER BLILONGLITG, JuTt H thSe KILLE-oaj o n uba-Dar. yTEH-Dso Es 9.Lieutebyntmuolnelr oFi the llth Laight Cnavalry.;Ms Grham,eMedptinalatoreaepedSankte July 9.fe Shota deadloby Lutntineeto tHenersonh Lghte C tavalry 20 Nastive BInfhop, 46ethenantiv IsnfantrVeSeriarko-S uly9. PRev. 3 Hunter, withg Dwon i wife andcil,iMssonry-enl. formrlybee a emaar o Maistates Cuprasseers, but redce forxbed conuc. omsinradAet Ati Lsr r uorg.'s, ChpW;Ms ennings ;EOGN TOs TEEord Etber byDherebes at Delhi, CuMUayI LieuteaintColoneld FIDS 11th Ntiv Infantry;Wo Mne s.a Ctwhmer, Cyapatainf MacdonldNt Caandyhisnwife,ateptai EnainTace,68Ntve Infantry; LiueatDanb,Vtr. Rary,SDoton Phnipy 35ivision;ry.uRobertDason, his. wifle;and chilre, 3DLghty Cavaltry; Capai Frakse, .SAdippersanlMiers;on ir. Dr.gr IBupctoh n h Education aDertnt -Kileda Ienu b the mutinya aeers, May 10. LieuWyteat-Cor.LoneleHoce, Aretilalery; Df Cheoramtis, Lbght Cavlry-Wo'h rutnde at Meu bwUy, th iees a S raser, Stpes., CommisioneBr ande Agrent; Captafling ning. Chraplan; Micktss,JenCnS;Rv Miss WCalIford othe Europen and hristin resients, amsnotivnhabilleds by the rebels at Delhi,the Maybrea CaptainCorfiel 9th Ntive I fantheWune 17hIativ Etaab,by patyof ebe Naiv Caalr inth attempOto Ensgn uckr, 3thNaiveInfntr;ID.fay. Doctor. Sergeanat Lewis, quartormaster.sergeant of the 17th Native Ifuautry-Azimgur . Dengerously wounded by the muti. neers of the 17th Native Infantry, June 3. Lieatenant Mars, commanding the two companies of the Loodlana Regtment of Sikhs; shot in the chest while walk. ing In the verandah of the Cutoherry at Jounpore, in which ppaceathe European inhabitants had taken refugo against a pacty of Sopoy mutineers, June 5. Mr. . R. Bup3. (pa3,civil service, Assistat acblatrabeshot in the back at Jounporo. He was discoverd lifeless on his fac e by the party ho quitted the Ctherry, Junee 5. Sergeant Blgwood, 13th Irregular Cavalrr. Sergeant Big- wood was with the fugitive party from Junnpore, butt waa hilled while going to get somoe papers from his house, June 5. Mr. Thriepland, Deputy Co lleo tr of Jo unpore, and his wife. Mr. and Mrs. Thriepland and two children were hid in one of the Court Chupraspees` houses, but were betrayed and shot by some Sow-ar, June 6. The children escaped. Lieutenant Alexander, 6th 1I ative Infantry; shot throush the heart and abreed at Alababa, whilo striving totmake his men do their duty, June 6. Captain Birbh, Fort Adjutant; murdered at AliLhabld, during the night, J une 6. M rr Cheek, an unpo sted cadet; died at Allabad, of 'wounds inflicted by the mutineers of the 6th Natir.v I I I I I i I I ' Secrohry to Gbiev~meot.ent C 1 VronmeaJ; B efwryto Gon:rn. rner of Be,gt, CEhlfr eonmrni.*ioney, Noyth n Pyovlnce : CtS.f CoueuA.ssl,n,er Pa' jsb; Belident at dez'ob Beaident at Bawods; Govfraln ;ener; i'A A1ent, RaXipootana Govetnot GeEeralVj Ageat. CentrAil l.dD; Commfha-ioner, Nagpore; Coamntogar, &Iligor. Infantry. He was, with other Prisoe In their hands, reeued by the British, troops, on the 16th of June, but died th tn*h in the tort. tMr.'ft.Tucker, civil ssrvise, Judge. The nativeD D tUY CoUeotor of Fattehpore, Hekmlntoollah Khan, h,oaD3tzrebellion there, and caused lMr. Tucker to be shot, Jung. Mr. leymer, emplojed on the ral wy and children. Dnryao ing, a Z,midar of tao lutteh ofDefis. etr collected a number of men in open reballioni, and killd Mlr. Keymer, his wife, anl children, June, Mr. Snowr, railway engtineer ; supposed to have been kiUed at the same time with the Keymers. Mr. Cockerell, Ceivl service, DeputY Collector and Joint Magistrate of Buand; Mr. Beniamine; Mr. Bruce.- Mr. lAoyd. The Nawab AU Babadoor, of Banda, is sted to have causud theme gentlemen to be murdered. Captaia Skene, Superintendent; Captain Gordon, Da. puty Superintendent; and otber European reddents, natuse not given ;-killed in thefortof Jhansi, In which they had taken refuge. Captain Fletchor Hayes, lilitary Secretary to the Chief Commisoner of Luekwow; Lieutenant Bzrbor, 2d Begl. mnent of Oade Cavalry; Mr. Fayrer, a gentlemaLn volunteer. These officers, with wo rissalasof rOtden Irregular Cavalry, had been eent by Sr H. Lawrrenoe from Lucknow. undeZr Ca~ainHays, is iliarySecetay, oaiin keepinRu order along the Grand Trunk Rod and in the contra]. Dooab districts, the rissalab mnutlnled 0on the way an Sergeant-Major Matthews, 6th Oade Irregular Infantryshot from the banks of tbe river while yin with other fugitives fom Fyz6bad, 18 miles below Adjoudheea (Fyza- ba Ditrc), June 9. Lieutenant Parsons. 6th Oude Irregular Infautry; Liemtenant Carrie, Artillery; drowned while fugitive from Fyzaba, June 9. Lieutenant Lindesay, 22d Regiment Native Infantry; Lieutenant Cautley, 22d Regiment Native Infantry, kiled at the vilage of &owadubur, in the Gornckpore dlstricty while flyinR from Fyzabad, June 10. Major Blake, commanding 2d Regiment of Infantry, Gwallor ContinRent; Dr. Kirke, SuperIntending Surgeon; Lieutenant A. Procter, killed by the mutlnors of the Gwralor Contingent, Jutne 14. Lieutenant Smith, Adjutant of the 4th Irregular Cavalry; shot by a duffadar of his oorps, at Mozaffurnugger, June 2L Mr. Butterfield; shot in the outbreak at Mozuffurnugger, June 2L Dr. Lyell, First Asiaxnt Oplum Agent; shot in an out. break in the city of Patua on the night of the 3d of July. Mr.W. A.Moore, dvil service, JointRagistrate andDeputy. Collector ot MiMrspore, and Superintendent of the Benares lRajahl's Dominions; killed by the followers of Jorye Sing and others, zemindars of Poroopoor, at Polee indigo factory, near Gopeegunge, July 4. Mr. Jones, Indigo planter; Mr. Kemp, indigo planter;kIlledby the followers of Jorye SJing oand Others. zemindars of Poroopoor, at Polee indigo factory, nea Gopeegunge, July 4. Major Holmes, 12th Irregular Cavalry, and his wlfo; the smrgeon, 12h Irregular Cavalry, and his wife; murdered by the mutineer sowars of the 12th Irregular Cavalry, at Segowlee, July 23. Mr. Loyd, iviiL servie, hagistrate and Collector of Houmeerpare: Mr. Donald Grant, civil service, Joint Ms. glstrate and Deputy-Collector of EImeerpore * r. lMurray; -supposed to have been killed. A country bern English writer, disguised as a native, came to Alinhabad, vi4 Eu meerpore, and asserted that these 5entlemen were murdered at Orate. Captain P. H. C. Burlton, 67th Native Infantry. The company of the 67th Native Infantry doing duty at Mattra were to have been relieved by a company of the 44th Native Infantry from Agra. The opportunity wus seized for sendIng treasure dowrn to Agra when the men of the 67th, who hxd bebaved well hitherto, shot Captain Barlton, fired at all the Europeans who were at the cutcherry, and, being joined by the relieving company of the 4ith Native Infantry, marched to Delhi. Major Spencer, commanding the 26th Regiment of Light Infantry. This regiment had been disarme. Major Spencer was kIlled by blowvs dealt him with ahathet atMeean Meer July 30, 18.57. Major Birch,41st NativeInfantry; Lleutenant Smaller, 41st Native Infantry; kIlled in the outbreak at Seetapore in Onde. Mr. Gibson,a salt ofeer; killed by some inhahibtants of the Mahomodan village of Kurreemgange (Badaon district), Sept. L 1857. Mr. Ronald, Assistant-CommissIoner, Dooghur ; Lieutenant Cooper. 32d Native Infantry; kilied by the mutineers of the 32d Native Infantry at Deoghar. Oct. 9, 1857. CECIL BE&DON. Nov. 6, 1857. SECretary to the Government of India. No.4. LTST OF EuROPSANS KILLI) OR WOUMD:D BY THE HAHI)S OF REBELS LS THE LOWER PROVIICES. At Robnee, in the Sonthal Pergunnahs, June 12. Sir Norman Leslie, Adjutant, 5th Irregular Cavalr, killed; Major J. M'Donald, and Assistant-Surgeou N. J Grant, attacbed to Irregular Cavalry, wounded :-vwhUe sitting together in front of the mess bungalow a sudden rush was made at them by three men of the regiment, with naked swords * Sir Norman Leslie was disabled b the first blow; Major k'Donald bad two cuts on his be2, and Dr Grant received a severe wound In the arm, and another in the lee; they both defended themselves with chaira, and suoceeded in driving off their asailants. Sir Norman was feafully wounded, and died shortly after. APt Patna, July 3. Assisant-Surgeon R. Lyell, Principl Asistnt to the Opium Agent, Patna. killed :-ln the disturbance at Patna, on the night of the 3d of July, Dr. LyeUl, v;hile riding in front of his men to attack the rebels, was shot to the grolund At Segowlee, July 23. Major J a. Uolmes, commannding 12th Irregular Cavalry, and Mrs. Holme, killed :-while taking their evening drive, both were killed by the mutineers of ths 12th Irregular onvalry. Assistant-Surgeon H. S. Garer, 12th Irregular Cavalry, and Mrs. Garner and child, killed:-the mutineers, after killing M4ajor Holmes, prooeeded to the doctor'd bungalow, forced it open, murdered the doctor, his wife, and one child, and then set fire to it. One child, a little girl, escaped notice, and was taken care of by the tesildar. July 24. Mr. E. Bennett, deputy postmaster, killed:-murdered by the muttineers of the same regiment. At Deogbor, October 9. Lioutenant HI. C. A. Cooper, commanding detachnent 32d Native Infantry, and Mlr. R. B. Ronald, asistant. commissioner, Deoghur, killed by the mutineers of the 32d Native Infantry. Mr. J. W. Garstlu, deputy magistrate, Bnxar, wounded, while accompanying the force to relieve Arrah. A. R. YOUNG, Secretary to the Government of Bengal.
THE QUARANTINB AT MADEIPA. TO THE EDITOR OF TIE TIMES. Sir,-If ever there was a case of hardship that preeminently deserved to be exposed in your columns, It is the foUowing one- On the 9th of this month the Royal MaU Steam Packet Company's shlip Medway, bound for Rio Janeiro, left Southampton, taking with her, among others, 12 passengers for Madeira. On reaching Lisbon a 13th passenger for that island, a German, was received, and thls curcmtatauca seemed to show that no severe qurantine regulations would be enforced there. On arriving, however, at Madeira, the captain recelved a communication from the authorities to the effect that their instructions from Lisbon were such that no passenger from his vessel would be allowed to land, the lazaretto having been done away with, and the fever being Btill prevalent at Lisbon. Upon this theBrtish and American consuls were appealed to, to intercede with the Portuguese authorities, urging that the Medway showed a clear bhll of health, that the 13 pas. sengers were aU more or less in a delicate state, and that an extension of their voyage night be attended with injurious, if not in one case fatal, consequences. The reply, bowever, ws, that their orders from Lisbon were peremptory; and although a contribution of 701L to the hospital was offered by the passengers for Madera in the event of their being allowed to land and be put in quarantine for whatever perlod might be deemed necoessary, the officials continued inflexible. The consequence is that these Invalids are now on the abroad sea, bound they know not whither. In all pro babilty they will have to go on to Rio Janeiro (Pernarabuco. and Bahia being both very undesirable locallties for persons in their condition), in the hope of meeting with a ship on it, homeward pass&ae with a clear bi of health, and whose passengers may possibly not be rejected at Madeira. But bhould they even succeed in this, they will then hsve travelIed a distance of 7,630 miles out of their way, harassed by the sufferings of uncertainty, anxiety of mind, andpecuniaryloss attendant uponx the additional voyage. Now, all thlh might have been avoided had the authoritie5 at Lisbon only given notice to thercaptainthat the quarantine regulations were such that nione of his passengers would be aUowed to land at Mladeira; but not only wvas no sach notioe given, but a German passeDger even was allowed to embark at Lisbon, bound for that island, although it was well known that he would not be admitted. Surely such treatment, as arbitrary as it is inconsistent, requires an explanation; and even should a satisfactory cne be given wvith referenoe to this point, there is another which requires to bo setled. Does the law of nations allow a port to do away with its lazaretto, as Madeira has dono; if so, it is in the power of any such port to exclude foreigner i from admittance on the mere plea of sanitary regulations. It is worthy of notice, however, that by the previous steamer, a fortnight before, about 50 passengers frons England for Madeira were actually admitted to the laziretto; and itinayreasonably be doubted whetheranyin. structions from Lisbon on the subject had since then reached the islaud. This letter will not, I fear, reach you in time to prevent ny passengers for Madeira who mray embark in the next chip (the Avon) from being exposed to the same hardships as their predecessors; but the publication of it will be an act of justice to the sufferers, and may be the means of bringing about a satisfactory understanding on a question in which the Interests of all traveUers are concerned. I am, Sir, your obedient servant AARON AUGUSTUS MORGAN. hr A. of St. John's CoUege, Cambridge. I North lat, 22, on board the Medway, Nov. 23.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (FROM OUR owiN COmRRSMONDIENT.) PARIS, TnunsDoAY, Dzc. 24, 6 r.r. 'Every one may observe how exceedingly impasa%ioned the devotedness of the Ministerial press be-comes as the old year draws to a close. As the ist -sf January approaches the Pays and Conatitutiomnel in particular-for the unfortunate Paine is but the ghoit of itself-wax warm by degrees, till their -enthusiasm actiually grows to a white heat. At no time are the high and noble qualities of every man in office, from the highest to the lowest, who has annything in his gift more exalted, and the shout of praise is uttered in every note of the political gamut from falsetto to thorough bass. The chorus is opened 'y one of the principal performers. A fortnight back tS. de Laguerronler gave his first roar in the Zeeue (Contempo`aine. The roar degenerated into mere -barking, and now the smaller creatures lift their 'Leads and add their little " bow-wows" to the yell. The Pays of to-day has a long article purportiug to ;rove that it is in France alone liberty is really understood and practised, and that " Alcibiades, I'ericles, and Cicero," and all that sort of people, are not worthy to hold a candle to the statesmen -of the empire and the orators of the Legislative Corps. Indeed, the Pays is disposed to think that it is mere loss of time to insist upon a fact so obvious, and that further argument is utterly useless. No -one gives himself trouble to prove that the sun varams, lights, and cheers the world. There are only two malignants on this earth who affect -'to doubt that great truth, and these mallgnants are The TZmes and the Be' des Deu.e MIondes ! " Any other discussion," cries -the Pays, "' is superfluous; the words ' tyranny and despotism' applied to the present Governxaent of France must everywhere provoke a smile, except in the offices of the ReBte des Deum Mondes and Tle Times" &c. The cause of all this enthusiasm at the close of December is, as I have said, the near appreach of the 1st of January. The 1st of January is "New Year'sday," a:d on New Year's-day there Is usuaUy a pretty handsomne distribution of promotions, honours, and crosses of the Legion of Hlonour. Sub-prefects who have distinguished khemselves at the electoral urn are raised to prefects, auditeurs are lifted into Councillors of State, some of the most deserving among the last stand a 7good chance of being tossed into the Senate. This New Year's-day will probably bring the accustomed favours to those whom the Emperor *dellehts to honour; and if zeal is to be rewarded -the Pays ought not to be passed over, for its " bowwow" of this morning ls in its very best wanner. Among other honours which it is said are likely to be conferred is that of Duke on M. de Morny. It is not fitting that there should be only one Dake in the empire, and a pendant is wanting to the Duke de Malakhoff, for his friends maintain that M. de Morny is as powerful in diplomacy as Marshal Pelis-sler in war. Tbe title proposed for the President of the Legislative Corps is Duke de :Nude, the name of one of his chateaux in the Allier. I cannot say whether the report is well or Il founded. A private letter from the banks of the Danabs, dated December 9, gives some particulars relative -to the situation of affairs at the mouth of that river. The three engineers sent by the Ottoman Government have arrived at Sulina, and ara oocupied in preparing a plan of the work4 =wich are urgently required to improve the passage, and, moreover, they are to draw the plan -of a new town which Is to be built, and which will be commenced next spring. The object of the plan Is to restore Sulina to the state in which it was In -the year 1778, during the reign of the Emperor Selim II., the period of its greatest splendour. A telegraphic desp%tch from Bucharest announces that the European Conmmisioners are to assemble on the 26th inst. to prepare their report to the Congress. They wlfl then return to their respective ,countries, and it is supposed that the question of Ahe Principalities will be soon after arranged. It is said that several French officers have been authorized to take service in the army of the Re,public of Chili. The Minister of Marine has decided after several trials that the seamen and marines serving on board *hips of war shall in fature be armed with rifes. The receipts of the Paris and Orleans Railway -Company for the week endingDlecember 16 amotnt to 989,225f. 7Oc., being a decrease of 183,900f. 67o. as compared with the corresponding week of lat year. The receiptb from the 1st of January to the 16th of December amount to 55,395,783f. 57c., 'being an increase of 5,117,9121. 45c. as compared -with the corresponding period of the year 1856. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. 75c. for the end of the month, and the Fotur-and-a-Half per Cents. at 92f. 50c. ; Orleans Railway shares, 1,347f. 50c. ; Great Northern, 945f. ; Strasburg, -475f. - Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, WS5L; Western of France, 6S"f.; Bordeaux and Oette, 64,f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 647f. SOc. ilyonis and Geneva, 670f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, '$00!.; Austrian Railways, 716f. 25c. ; Russian Railways, 507f. SOc. Cot-rs A7iqueg-PAauS, Decomber 24.-Cahli Prlces. -Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbable for 10 yasr), 92f. So. ; Three per Cents., 67f. 700. 60o. 6:. 60e. S5o.; Treasury Bonds, 6 per cent. three months; Bank of France, 3,IbOL ; ditto (825f. paid), 3,150f. ; Cr4dt Fonder, 5701.; ditto, Obligationts of 5001., Four per Cents,. 4271. 5sO. 4251.; dlitto, Three per Centa, 4001.; Tenths, Foutr per Cents., 901.; ditto, (Jr6ditsobIUer, 7951. 8001. 8051. $021. SOs.; Discount Bank, 680t. Exchane on London, at sight, paper, 25!. 25s.; money, 251. 25X,; tbree months, .2ap.r, 241 72Ae.; mloney, 241, 70e, ITALY. (FROM OUR oWN COnRESPONDMT.) TURIN, DEC. 22. The post from Naples reaches this In three days, but -such is the mistrust entertained of it by writers on :politlcal subjects that intelligence of that nature is ssally much longer in reaching Us, the letters being aent by private opportunities. Thus, It was only yesterday that letters of the 14th inst. reached Turin, mentioning the unfavourable impression produced at Naples by Lord Palmerston's declaration 'with respect to the engineers of the Cagliari. The writers asert, whether correctly or not may be -matter of doubt, that the English Premier has 'been maisinformed, and that the treatment -of the two prisoners in question Is by no means so satisfactory as he represented In his place in Parliament. The truth is, I -suspect, that the Neapolitans are far from p!eased at the turn the question has taken. Unable -to help themselve3, or to struggle successfully against the oppression that crushes them, they live in hopes of seeing their rulera embroiled with a foreign Power, and of thus obtaining an oppor'tunity of revolt. They thought it probable that -the stir made in England about the engineers would irnDg to the Bay of Naples A dmiral -yn n i Losand hist squadron, and they say-and this is true enough-that ships of war are the only represeniatives of -Great Britain to v;hich the Governmnent of King iFerdinand Is likely to pay attention. They were -naturally disappointed and vexed at finding that the English Cabinet did not consider the question one calling for such strong measuires; and we must -therefore not receive with implicit contidence the -astatements they transmit respecting the treatment -of the two English prisoners. The news of the condemnation of the Cagliari by -the Neapolitan commission of prizes was, as you .may suppose, received here with some indignation, -for it is generally considered-and probably the 'same opinion prevails elsewhere than in Piedmnont -that according to every principle of justlce the -vessel should he restored to its owners. At the -same time this is one of those cases where a real injustice may not be inconsistent with rigorous legality. A ship lands a body of armed men bound on a mission of insurrection -and of aggression against the established -Government of a country. The aggressor are de- 'feated, and the vessel is captured; on the face of the thing she seems naturally a lawflul prize, The particular circumstance of her having been seized at sfea by her passengers, and directed where neither 'owners nor captain intended her to go, would probably be taken into consideration if the question lay 'between twvo Governments in close allianco, or be'tween whom a cordial feeling existed, and might 'iave suifficient weight to procure the release of the -hip. But between Piedmont and Naples we well Iknow that no such cordiality prevails, and we may be very sure that if King Ferdinand's Cabinet strains the letter of the law, it will not be in a sen- e favourable to Piedmontese property. Meanwhile, although I have reason to believe that considerable exasperation exists on the subject in high quarters, I also feel certain that great -moderation will be observed, and that no'tbidg that Naples may do, withiex t lixitq Qf strict legality, will be taken as ground of offence. It has been said that the Neapolitan Minister for Foreign Affairs had sent a circular note justifying the condemnation of the CagliarL This does not appear to be the case; but a memorial to that effect has been drawn up by a lawyer, under the auspices of the Neapolitan Governrnent, and forwarded to the various chancelle7ies. It has been received here, and has been referred for consideration to the consultative commission which sits at the Sardinian Foreignoffice. The whole affair is a delicate and disagreeable one. According to present appearauces, and consIdering the known moderation and prudence of Count Cavour's Govornment, there is littleprobability of its becoming important, but its settlement is not likely to be one which will tend to lessen the unfriendly feeling between the two countries concerned. The proceedings of the Chamber of Deputies continue entirely devoiLd of general interest. The verification of powers still goes on, and has not yet given rise to any discussion vrith the details of wrhich it is worth wYhile to trouble you. I lately sent to you, writhout guaranteeing the correctness of the st-atements it contained, aa extract of a lo:ig correspondence addressed from Rome to the Indipeiudente with respect to the affair of the MIarquis Campana, arrested on a charge of embezzling the funds of the Monte di Pi6ta, of which he was director. That correspondence being urfavourable to the Papal Government, the Armoni no,v publishes (as might be expected) a countercorreepondence, very unfavourable to the Marquis, utterly denying the existence of the great pos3essions attributed to him by the Jhdipeudente, and reducing them to a town and country house, neither of them entirely paid for, and to some deeply-mortgaged land. The value of his museum is declared to be immensely overrated, and-most cruel charge of all to a reputed connolsseur-his knowledoe of pictures is treated with contempt, and he is said to have advanced large sums (in his quality of director of the great Roman pawnshop) upon soi-disantt Corregglos, Carraccis, Francias, &c., which proved to be only copies. Among the pictures deposited at the Monte di Pieta as security, 100, says the letter, were recognized by the Commission of Fine Arts as copies, and one of them, accepted aa a Correggio, was estimated by a cowpetent judge at 10 dollars. It is added that the whole of Campana's property will b3 foand quite insufficient to compensate the enormous deficit in the coffers of the establishment under his charge; and that the Pope has undertaken to make up the sum out of his civil list. NAPLES. (FrRos ouR own CORRESPONDENT.) NAPLES, DEC. 19. The Official Gazette, publishedbon the evening of the 15th, has a Royal decree regarding electric telegraphs, and of 28 articles I select the following as the most important:- " A. centrall directory of Royal talegraphs in this pArt of the kingdora is established In Naples under the orders of the Minister of Finauce; and a similar directory for Siloy is established in Palermo Sunder the Lieutenant-GoneraL Their daties will be to superintend the service of telegrapbs actually in use and the costuction of a- new ones. A consulting sclentific commissioncomposed of Professors In physics, ohymistry, practical ohyristry, and mechanies, is to be attached to each direotory. "The telegraphic electric lines are to be dlvided lato three classes, and no division is to exceed 100 mUes Neapolitan. "Neither the State nor the Administrtion will be responsible for any cause deriving from the service in the most ample sense." Mr. de Normann left laet Saturday with a Commission, of which he is a membsr, to lay down the cable from the continent to the opposite coast near Messina. Doubts are expressed -whether the Commission will succeed, and It is regretted that Allen's cable was not used instead of one which waS in reserve in the ArsenaL A steam frigate and a corvette took down the various articles required, and it is satisfactory that the weather is as calm and as lovely as could be desired for such a purpose. If everything goes well it is hoped that in four or five days all will be accomplished. It will be inyour recolection that Mr. de Normann had obtained a concession from the Neapolitan Government to lay down a submarine telegraph from Cape Passaro to Malta, and another from Girgenti to Pantellaria, and thence to Cape Bar. The Electric and International Telegraph Company made an arrangement to undertake his conesion provided the British Government would permit the cable to be landed in Mp.lta. This permision has not been obtained, and for the reason, I believe, that dou6bts were expressed whether the Neapolitan Gosern,men,t wo0,1ld o0- waod not complete its obligations. I think that the hesitation of our Government Is reasonable: first, because the Sardinian line is now open, and none other is wanting; and secondly, because the delay the Government to grant the concession until the Sardinlau line was nearly completed justified suspicion. By the fault, and perhaps by the wish of the Majesty of Naples, therefore, this kingdom is deprived of the advantage of the telegraphic communication between Malta and the North of Europe. Talk there is plenty here, but there is nO honest desire of extendIng the relations of this country beyondthefrontiers. We wish to preserve our isolation. The Othickd Jousrnal of Naples for the 15th inst. Ihas the following paragraph: * In answer to questions on the subject of the treatment which the EngUsh prisoners in Salerno had recivedl Lord Palmerston replted that it had been 'Iotimo,' and thus concluded: 'I think that there Is no remon of complaint agant the Neapoiltan Government. We have no right to require that our countrymen should be better treated than others who were taken in the act of violating the Neapolitan 1laws. n I We are just recovering from a fright occadoned by several awful shocks oof an earthquake on the night of the 16th. They were undulating, and lasted several seconds, but were so violent as to cause the bells to ring and the walls of every house to swing backwards and forwards visibly. Many thousands of persons passed the night In the streets, and many in their carriages, the horses of which were taken out. From 11 o'clock till near 2 o'clock in the morning I walked through the crowded streets where every indication of fear existed. Fires were lighted at almost every hundred yards, and hundreds of people were grouped around them. As a spectacle it was most remarkable, but the fear of the inhabitants was very great, and It is not easy to forget the violent causes which gave rise to it. No one remembers such severe shocks, and as the disasters which have ensued have been of a moat serious character, I may be permitted to enter into some details. The report of the Royal Astronomical Observatory of Capo di Monte is that the first shock took place at 10 20 p.m., and lasted from four to five seconds; that this was followed by another after the lapse of two minutes of much greater intensity and longer duration-that is, for about 25 seconds; that both were undulatory and passed from south to north. Two pendulum clocks in the observatory were stopped, and three others remained in motion. The base of the tower in which the equatorial machinery is placed was opened in several directions. Two `her shocks of a lighter cbaracter took place at 3 and 5 o'clock on the morning of the 17th. Such having been the severity of the sbocks, it is not surprising that the whole population of Naples were In a most agitated state, and that a great proportion of them bivouacked in the streets during the whole of the night. Superstition drove many to the churches, which were closed, and great numbers were to be seen prostrate before them in an agony of fear. Later in the night in some parts of the city the images of the saints were carried in solemn procession, while the Deople followed singing Litanies. The worst as welf as the weakest passions of the multitude were brouight forth intoaction, and while uome wcre praying others were at- t4lmpting to rob the houses which had been deserted by the inhabitants. It Is due, therefore, to the patrols of Police-Gendarmerie and military to say that al disorder was promptly suppreseed and the safety of property secured. Many houses in Naples-in fact, almost every one, says au informant-have rece*ed some slight injury, and it is scarcely to be wondered at that the population proposed to spend another night in the streets. In short, a great number of carriag'es were let for that pu,rpose; but happily no further disaster took place, and the people are now recovering from their fears. The scenes, however, of thas'. night are never to be forgotten-women rushing iu' O thestreets with their children whomthey bad snatr'ned hastily froma their beds, sOmle with only theiz night dresses, others had thrown a sheet over thew . One man had dragged out with him a mattressr.vhich hse Watiging hard to lose ropm In b .ot, l X conventionalities and decencies of life were forgotten in the universal panic. The telegraph office was besieged on the following morning by provincials anxious to know something of the consequences of the earthquake in their own houses; but, in spite of many demands, no electric despatch had been received at Salerno fromSalaLagonegroon theCalabrias. Yesterday morning intelligence arrived of the loss of three lives in Sala, and great damage to many houtes, among others to the prison and the barracks. In Atessa half of the houses had given way; in. Padula about 100, and a great number of persons had fallen victims; in Polla the disasters were immense, and a brigade of gendarmes, among numbera of others, had been destroyed; in Auletta, Pp'-sa, and Cagglano many others were killed, and gi l destruction of property took place; in Salerno a great number of houses, including the palace of the Intendenza and the quarters of the Gendarmerie were severely affeted, while the belfry and the church of Saldina gave way, occasioning the death of two women. Similar accidents occurred in Campagaa, and near home, all round Naples, giving rise to the greatent anxiety and apprehension. The latest news from the Basilicata last night was that from Potenza. A great number of houses had fallen, and an unknown number of persons had perished. The telegraphic despatch from Bart announces "that the greater part of the inhabitants are" . Here it becomes indistinct. The intelligence which I have co-mmunicated is official, but the whole amount of the misfortune is not by any means known, and we have yet to look for many heartrending details. The weather continues to be of the samebrilliant summerlike character-finer, indeed, than has ever been remembered. Nothing will give sO distinct an idea of the danger to which we were exposed as the fact that while the walls of our houses rocked visibly backwards and forwards the timbers creaked audibly, at those of a ship labouring heavily at sea. Lamps suspended from ceilings swung from one side to another as violently as though moved by the hand of an acolyte, and the bells in my house rang continuously for half a minute. Five per Cents., 114 ; exchange on London, 560. THE EARTHQUAKE AT NAPLES. (FROY ANOTHER OOBRSIrONDisNT.) NAPLES, Dzc. 19. On Wednesday evening, I was sitting in a salon in our residence here on the Chiatamone, situate on the immediate shore of the Bay, when one of our servants rushed into the room to ask what was the matter, supposing that we had knocked violently at the door of the rooma. Immediately the windows and doors began to rattle in the strangest manner. Imagining that it might proceed from one of those sudden couzps de vent so frequent in this climate, I opened the windows and walked out on the balcony. The atmosphere was still, the most profound calm prevailed, not a cloud could be seen. It was a splendid starlight night. I returned into the salon, and in a few seconds felt the floor alternately sinking and rising and affected like that of the cabin of a vessel which rolls and pitches. In the next room, where two young ladies had just gone to bed, I heard that they found it difficult to keep inthe bed. The maid who attended them said the walls were falling. I looked at a large bronze chandelier suspended from the centre of the ceiling of the salon, and, to mv astonishment, saw it swinging exactly like a lamnp suspended in the cabin of a vessel in a storm. The character of the phenomenon was no longer doubtfuL I looked at my watch. The hour was a quarter-past 10 exactly. As the moit exact means of estimating the undulation, I observed the movement of the large chandelier. This is a large bronze lustre, weighing 4001b. or 6001b. The distance from its point of suspension to the lowest point of its axis is about 10 feet. Its motion at first seemed to be that of a pendulum, the arc of vibration of the lowest point being about two feet, but this immediately changed to the motion of a conical pendulum; the lowest point of the axis described a circle, or rather an ellipse the major axis of which was about two feet. It appears, therefore, that the phenomenon began with a tremulous movement of the foundation of the house, manifested by the rattling of the doors and windows, and that this, after a short interval, was succeeded by two undulations, propagated, as it would seem by the conical swing of the lustre, in two different directions. All that I have bere taken so many lines to describe took place within two, or at the most three, tminutes. Of course, the!lustre once thrown into a state of oscillation continued to swing for a much more considerable time. Such being what I witnesed personally, I ascertained afterwards that similar phenomena were prese nted in other apartments in the hotel. The swinging of the lustres was even greater, but this arose no doubt from the circumstance of their being smaller and their line of suspension shorter. The bells of the hotel were all set a-ringing. The pendulum of a large house clock standing in the hall rattled against the clock-case. A gentleman lying asleep upon a sofa on the grounid-floor was flung off upon the floor. A man-servant of ours occupied a neighbouring apartment with his wife and two children. The bed of one of the children was overturned, and a amp standing on the table was thrown on the floor. The population generally soon after the shock went out into the squares, places, and other open spaces. The wealthier clawses ordered out their carriages, in which they passed the chief part of the night In driving on the Chiaja road, which runs along the borders of the bay wide enough to keep clear of falling houses. The people who filled the squares and other open spacea lighted fires and passed the night around them. Many families had chairs and benches brought from their apartments into the Piazza Reale, the Lago de Csstello, the Santa Lucia, and other like places, where they sat during the night awaiting a recurrence of the shocks. In some houses the thin partitions which divide room from room and the ceilings were cracked; some damage is also said to have been done to the British Hospital. On the night succeeding the phenomenon (Thursday) the population, imagining that a repetition of the shocks might be expected about the same honr, crowded again into the squares and open spaces, where they passed part of the night. At the Royal Observatory on the Capo dl Monte two astronontical clocks, the pendulums of which vibrate in the plane of the primne vertical (that is, east and west), were stopped. Other clocks in the Observatoryy howvever, continued to go regularly. The einployfs of the Observatory estimated the continuance of the first shock to be 5, and that of the Eecond 25 seconds. They considered the direction of the undulationsto be from south to north. They perceived two other slight shocks at 3 and 5 o'clock in the morning of Thuday. Whether the state of the atmosphere has any connexion with or dependence upon this class of phenomena is not certainly known. Here the weather for six weeks back has been like that of June In London. The rain has fallen, and the munshlne has been almost uninterrupted The sirocco has alternated with the venta di terra, the one corresponding to our warm south-west wind, and the other to our cold north-east. Vesuvius has been very active, throwing up constantly showers of incandescent matter, wvhich at night presents from time to time the appearance of what is called the "bouquet" in artificial fireworks. A slight eruption of lava took place last week; and it has been observed that the activity of the volcano was considerably abated for two days before the shok. It is unfortunate that here we are without the benefits of the agency of journalism in such cases, and have rnainly to depend on the information which is obtained by reports from mouth to rnouith. There is an official journal, but that gives only such information as the Government chooses to disclose, and the fear of excitement among ani ignorant, fanatical, and priest-ridden population determines the Government as a aeneral rule to supply as little intelligenc of what takes place aspossible. Such as it is, however, I wait the publication of the official, journal, which I am told will make known to-day so much of w shat has passed in Calabria as the Gavernment will allow to be published. Before I desratch this letter to the post I shall therefore be able to teU you more. P.RJ. As I expected, a few partlculars of the disasters in Calabria are given in the official journal. rJ'e visitation is i'.ndoubtedly far more grave than hs admitted. It appeart that the telagraphio iwire Ias b ien broken between Eboli ata t a, both le the line of country I have indicated. News, however, has been received from the latter place, where the walls of the prison and barracks have been cracked; three persons were killed. At Atessa, a town near Sala, half the houses are reduced to rduns. Ia Padula, another town ua that diktrlet1 PxoQ than 100 houses have been been thrown down, with an unknown number of persons buried under them. In La Polla, another town of that neighbourhood, the disasters have been enormous and the nictims numerous, but unascertained; among them, however, is included a trigade of gendarmerie. In Auletta, Petro3a, and Caggiano ruin and death have occurred to an unknown extent. In Salerno many buildings, including two churches, the intendant's palace, and the barracks of the gendarmerie, are gravely da-aged. Near Salerno a church and belfry have faUen, killing two ladies. In Campagna nuinerous houses are cracked, including that of the superintendent. In the Basilicata at Poleuza the disasters have been extensive. Numerous buildings have been thrown down, burying unknown numbers beneath their ruins. A broken telographic despatch from Baxi and Cainpo ljass6 las excited great alarm, as it would appear to sig,nify that all the inhabitants of one of tnese places have been destroyed.
THEB NEW PARK AlT BLATTERSEA. We are about to take our raders back into those remote periods of our history when sanguino men first proposed to beautify the Thames at Battersea,-to cross it with a new bridge, and adoru its banL-s with a now park. Of these two schemes that for tho formation of a park is, beyond all doubt, the oldest,-in fact, its daims upon our notice press upon us With the force of ancslet tradition. There is a proverb which gives pointed advice with reference to the mouth of A gift horse, and so withl a gift park we presume It would be equally ungracious to inspect its dates, or in. quire how long it has been coming down to us. To say truth, the investiation might involve aLn amounlt of antiqUarian research which we should lack the. ekill to pursue, And certainl our readers the patience to follow. We will therefore go direct to the point, and show how once upon a time, on theSurreyside of the Thames. facingChelsea, there ecisted, under the name of Battersea-fields, a dreary waste of land and water. It was above all other spots that crouohed along the xiver's margin the most wretched and urfinished lookling, compared with which tbe very Isle of Dogs itself seemed populous and cheerful. It was one large expanse of dust heaps, ditches, cabbage gardens, ponds, piles of weeds, oyster-sheUs, and filthy refuse, offensive to both sight and smell. Here and there, In the centre of the coze existed crazy tenements, where bargemen caroused r pigeon matches were shot, and where the accomplished backers of some minor luminary of the ring always retired with their battered hero after his contest in the adjoining marshes. Day by day and year by year this natur and artificial dilapidation of the place progressed more and more steady. The literature congenial to the spot was posted on the traunksof stuntedtrees in "FoundDrowned"bills, or placards offering rewards for the discovery of robberies; Its only inhabitants were lonesome slouching individuals, whose presence at once accounted for that of the last named afficies. Gradually and by slow degrees, like fungi creeping over some unwholesome spot, vwretched dvellings as noisome and unwholesome as the fields themselves began to overspread their surface. Cottages, It was found, paid better than ditchee, and miserable sties were built and let to struggling families who could find no homes so cheap elsewhere. It became the sanctiuary and abiding place for all occupations too foul and pestilential to be attempted nearer the metropolls. As the whole place lay below Trinityhighwatermark, drainage wasout of the qutestion, and the "fields" soon attained a gloomy notoriety for an amount of death and sickness out of all proportion to its population. These facts, together with the degraded condition of the inhabit. ants, the Sunday evening fairs, which outraged every sense of decency, the poisonous trades ca=rred on in all directions, soon pointed out the fields as the future moral and physical plagae spot of the metropolis. Under theso unfavourable ausples it atta oted the notice of several influential gentle. men, who, as the only mode of dealing with the rapidlyextending evils of the locality, proposed a plan for the con. version of the entire fields into a south park. The plan was submitted to the Metropolitan Improvement Comnis. sloners, who forthwith warmly recommended it to the consideration and support of the Government, The Governnnent accordingly took the matter up, and this was the first gireat danger which the infant scheme had to struggle against. Considering that the park is only just finished, these events, as we have intimated, took place at a rather romote period of our history. When Government adopted the plan the whole thing stuck fast for a long time. First, the Government apprehended diffculties, and could not spare the money; next, they were in actual difficulties, and could not thinik of money; and, lastly, the Government vere getting out of difficulties and wanted the monoy more Ishan ever. At all events, for long, long years the money did not come. If the oaks and elms of the park were only planted when the Government first supported the Idea, what a shade they would now afford, and what a contrast they would now present to the delicato vegetables that are struggling for existence on tho banks of new-made earth at Chelsea ! The Government wanted to purchase in all 320 acres of land, which was scattered amonga numerous proprietary in quantities varying from three or four acres to half a perch, or even a few cubloyards. Impartial surveyors were caUedin, who valnedthis320 aores at187,433. BDtsomeofthe broad principles of free trade had evidently penetrated as far as the remote regions of Battersea, since the owners of the land modestly claimed no less a sumn forit than 532,6241., though after considerable haggling they consented to take 232,6871., or just 300,0001. less than they declared was its fair value. Of the 320 acres thus purchased 200 have been enclosed and planted for the park, 110 set out for houses, villas, and wharf, and 36 acres in public roads. In 1854 'he work of forming the park commenced. Porhaps, in 5tead of forming. we might wlth more propriety have used the word building, for nearly three-fourths of the whole park is of made earth. More than 500,000 cartloads of earth were required to bring the average level of the park above that of high water mark. In some places the made earth is more than 12 leet thick, Nearly 700,000 cubic yards of earth have been used in all, for 1,000 cabic yards were daily landed at the works for upwards of two years. The greater part of this earth was obtained from the now dock making at the London Docks, the remainder from aU eorners of the metropolis The whole of this area of 200 acres has been laid out with fair taste and skill, and planted with a fine colection of trees, shrubs, and evergreensof allkds. There is au unusuallyfine seleotlon of thorns, rhododendrons, azaleas, and evergreen oaks, with a quantlty of hardy American plants with very long names, but marvellously like all othor trees notwithstanding. In 10 years hecce the park should bo a fine and umbrageous enclosure-and in 20 years it ought to bear comparison with any of tho ornamnental gronuds round London. The total cost of the whole from first to last has been 315,0001.-vlz., 232,0001. in purchasing the land, 51,C000. in laying it orut, malking roads, &c., and 33,0001. In con. tingencles. It has been calculated by the benevolent promoters of the scbeme that during the summer months the park will be largely vWisited by persons who will avail them.oelves of the easy means of communication afforded by the river steamboats. This, however, is not only more than problematical, bht as far as can be judged unlikely. People will not pay to visit and walk about a new park at present iLferior in every respect to the parks which are almost at their doors in the metropolis. The originators of the Idea must rest content with having transformed a place which was faat becoming a hotbed of vice and disease into a source of health and recreation. If not a dozen persons ever visited the park, this great result would still remain the same. It was supposed that the rents derived from the 110 Acres of building land which surround the Park, would provide for the repayment of the money advanced for its purchase. This chance, however, has been diminished to an almost nominal amount by a toll being levied on passengers over the new bridge, which is the only route by which tho park can be approached from the Middlesex side of the river. Could anything be more shortsighted or injarious than such an arrangement, which is certain to render both bridge and park insolvent speculations to the cou ntry w ithin a twelvemonth ?
THE EARL OF CARRICK STEAMER.-We stated on WednesdAy that a screw steamer had gone ashore onthe Isle of Mlan, and that it wassupposed all on boNrd excepttwo had perisbed. The vessel was the Earl of Carrick, bornd from A&r to LiverpooL She was an iron screw sts3mer, 3D0 tons meanurement, belonging to Messrs. Platon and Co., ot Liverpool. Sbe left Avr on Saturday, with a. cargo of pig IroD, wheat, potatoes, o. She was commandWd by Captain AlbaDy, and had only one passenger, Captain Robert Pat,>n. From the statements of the two survivors we gather the following particulars:-Absmt 5 oeelock on .nnday mornig, while steering S.S. W., they opened the lbghts of the Calf of Man, which epeared (from the b4avy sea rolling the vessel) to bhr semetimes on the starboard bow, and sometimes rigbi ahead. Every effort wr.s made to prevent her rnDzlxag ashore, but the sea was tco strong, and she was drf.sn on the rooks at Dalby P3int, about six miles from Pr'. She immediately broke into pieces athwarb ships, the. bows JaUing away into deep water, and carrying v ith tbh,m the lifeboat, the captain, and two men. Ten of the '.ew, the stewardess, and the one passEnger, collected on ';ne stern, and tried to get off the jollyboat; but the bh ,v tackle would not run, and she was rt once steve in. *rIie chief engineer then took onO of the life buoys and Jt es Watt (one of the two survivors) the other After I ossing about for an hour or so, Watt was washed on t0 o rocks, and drawn up by a -ope thrown to hins. Thea had tbree compasses on board, but they werenot in goo order. The lead was not hove during the vovage. on board rwas sober, and every effort made to pr' erve the crew. The abip ard cargo were insured. CIIYSTAL PALACE.-OhB SHLmLING DAY.-Friday, I )ec. 25.-Admissions on payment, 3,280; ditto, by season Ukctts, 6S9; total, 3,969,
CE1NLSTAAS-DA Y IN THE WORKHOUSES. The following zeport mentiOns the number of in and out door poor in each parish and union, with the comparat.lve number at the correspondiug period last year, the Cbristmas fare awarded to the inma'te of each workhouise, and the contract price of a few | of the principal articles of provisions. The report will also show the decrease or increase of pauperism in each district CITY OF LONDON Uhioh.-W umber of poor in the workhouse, exclusive of chUdren,S96; lastyearthe numberswere 280. The children are now Bent to the New District Schools at Hanwell, where mnany of them are employTed upon the land attached to the s-choo,s (140 acres)Amd iother ontepAtions. The Christmas fare ef the iniates of the workhouse, Bow-road, was-bread, butter, and coffee for breakfast; dinner, roast pork or roast beef, with potatoes, 1lb. of plum pudding, 1 ptnt of porter, half an ounce ot tobacco or snuff to each adult, wath tea and bread and butter. The whole of tbe provisions contracted for by the gnardians were of the bst qutality. Increase of poor as compared with last ST. 1'ANCRAS, YiDDLESEL.-In this, the most populous paitbh in the metropolis, the number of poor at present in the workhouse Is 1,639 (last Christmas, 1,4933); outdoor poor.4,178; last year, 3,840. Total this year, 5.817; last year, 5,273. The Inmates are thus divided :-Able-bodied men, 62; tempor&rily disabled by sickness or accident, 30; old and infirm, 2937 boys and youths,32 ; able-bodied women, 87; temporarily disabled, 381, ld aand fnfirm, 345- girls frnV 7 to 15, 33; from 2 to7 years, 60; Infants, 68. in addition to this there are 217 children belonging to St. Pancras at the school of the Whitechapel UJion, Forest. gate, and 219 persons in the lunatic asylums. The Christmas pudding at this workhouse was made of the followin. ingredlents-viz., flour, 5601ib.; fruit, 461b. ; suet, 460lbsugar, 3681b. ; eggs, 62; milk, 144 'pints; spice, 181b.! peel, lOlb.; and ale, 96 pints, or in the a_gregate, 2,0061b.- ast year the pudding weighed 1,8131h. The Christmas-day fare to each inmate was half-a-pound of roast beef free from bone, 31b, of plum pudding, one pint of porter, with bread, butter, tea, sugar, ke., ad libiAsum. The old nen anc women tobacco or annff, and the children oranges, apples, and sweeteneats. The relief durlng the week to outdoor poor was, in money, 1411. 9s.; in kind, 471. 1s. 4dIn total, 188. 10s. 4d. ; last year it was 17?'f. 16s. 6ad. Increase on in-door por, as compared with last yeir, 206 anad on out-door poor, 338; total increase, 544. ST. YAYLimoiE.-Inmates of workhouse, 1,966 (last Christmas, 2,022)-viz., 481 men, 902 women, 194 boys, 179 girls, and 210 infants, There are atso 193 lunatics and 36 persons at Margate and other asylums. Out-door poor, 5,204 (lastyear, 5,356); settled, 1,387 families, 3,768 persons; unsettled, 7G9 famllies, 1,436 persons. The Chrssas pudding at ths house, with a la7ger number of inmates, bears no comparison with that of St. Pancras. The ingredients as ordered by the Board were :-Flour, 3001b.; raisins, 3001b. ; suet, 2401b. ; sugar, 851b candied peel, llb. ; spice, 71b. ; ground iger, llb.; salt, Slb.; eggs, 38; mill;, 50 pints; audale, 50 pints. Fare to each adult-meat, 6oz.; pudding, 8oz.;potatoes, oz.; porter, 1 pint- tea, 1 oz.; sugar, 4 oz. Children in proportion, with mflk and water, and oranges, nuts, &c. Girls In the refractory ward to receive half a pint of porter only, and that conditionally upon their good behavIour, Contr ct priceY o some of the loading artiCes of provision-meat, 3s. lOya per stone; last year, 4s. id., fdour, 33s. ; last year, 44s. ; potatoes, 130s. per ton; last year, 120s.; butter, 89S. ; lastijear, 10fis.; sugar, 38s.;l, ast year, 152, Tot-al decrease, 208.P St. MA&RY, LICIBnisra-Inmales of L.ambeth wForkhouse, 1,056; last year precisely the same number. Childiren at Norwood, 497; last year, 497. Total-1,553 men, 418 wemen, 552 ehildren In workhouse, snd at Norwood 583. Outdoor poor, 6,956- last year, 6,761. Adults, 3,406: children, 3,650. 'ach inmatie llb, plum-pudding, 5oz. roast beef; potatoes, lb.; and a pint of porter. Children at discretion. Contract prices :-Mieat;, 4s. 44.4d. per stone of lib.; flour, 46s. per sack; potatoes, 140s. per ton. ; butter, 110s. per cwt.; and cheese, 608. per cwt. Increase on outdoor poor, 195. ST. MARY, PADDINGTON.-Inmates of workhouse, 288 (last year, 309); men, 76; women, 105 ; children, 107- aged and iAfirm, 140;out-doorpoor, 552 (lastyear,505). (3hristmas fare:-Boast beef, mashed potatoes, and plum-pudding. Adults a pint of beer each, asndchildren less in accordance ith their ages, There is a reduction of 3s. 6d. per cwt. in the prlce of bread, and 4s. per cw on cheese. IMost other artles contracted for at last year's prtces. Decrease on indoor poor, 21; increase on out-door poor, 47, Total in- ST. MArnY ABOTS, KEiN'SrGTOy.-In the house 375 (last Christmas, 421) ; males, 142; females, 167; children, 66 ; out-doorpoor, 1,072 (last year 1,379). Children above 4 and rnder 12 years are farmed out at SL George's Industrial School, Plaskett, Essex; they numnber 115, and there Is only one sick in the infirmary. Christmas fare :-Adults, ilb. of roast beef. biked potatoes, llb. plum pudding. and a pint of Messrs. Barclay's porter. Children in proportion. Sruff and tobacco to the old men and women. Holidays granted, Coutract prices for ox beef, Ga. 5d. per stone of 141b.; legs and shins, 2s. lid.; bread, 14s. per cwt.; flour, 41g. per sack. Last year, meat, 5s. 10d.; legs and shins, 2s. 7d.; bread, 16s. 4d.; 'dour, 21.1Os. per sack. Decreaseon in-door poor, 46; on ou-doorpoor, 307. Total decroase, ST. MATrxw, BRGTrNA_L.GRmun.-Present number of Inmates, 1,110 (last zear 1,071); males, 369; females, 382 ; boys, 211- is 14S. Christmas fare-a liberal supply of roast beetf plIm-pudding, and porter, and to the children huts aud oranges in the evening. Decrease, 61. ST. Grrcs's, CAaF RvrEL.L.-Inmates, 492 (last year 448) -viz., men, 136; women, 165; children, 43; children at dis- iot school, Sutton, Surrey, 148; out-door poor 1 406- last ear 1,656-viz, 702 men and women, Aad i0 chil'dren inner-roast beef, plum-pudding, and one pint of porter; teS, a plentiful supply of cake, &c, to the whole of the Inmates. The guarans and gentry of the parish have liberally subscribed to defray the cosf of oranges, tobacco, snuff, apples, nuts, &c., and in the evening a series of dissolving vioers, &c., wgas exhibited, Flour, .383. per sack; meat, 3s. 10d. per stone. Increase on indoor poor, 44;* deorease on Indoor poor, 44; decrease on outdoor poor, 250. Total decrease, 206. ST. MARY, NEWINGTON.-Inmatos, 622 past year, 539); men, 213; women, 340; childron, 69. Farmed out at Sut. ton in additIon, 215 ohildren; outdoor poor, 1, 37 (last year, 1,429); Christmas dinner, 6oz. cooke meat, free from bone; 14oz. plum-pudding aud 1 pint of Barclay's porter; price of bread baked in theworkhouse, 6d. for 4lb. loaf; meat, us,, per stone of 81b. Increase on in-door poor, 83; deezase In out-door poor, 42. Total increase, 41. ST. JisrEs'S WEsT3aNsTER.-Inmates, 618 (last year, 615); males, 206; females, 353; children at Industrial Schools, Battersea-common, 168 (last year 149); outdoor poor, 610 (last year 881); males), 192; females, 137, and children, 281. Admissions during the year, 1,240. Births, 47. Discharges, 1,180. Deaths, 104. Fare, A lb. roast beef, 10 oz. baked potatoes, 1 lb. of plum-pudding, and 1 pint of porter. They are allowed free liberty till Monday, many being allowed to remain with their friends for periods of from two days to three weeks. Increase on in-door poor, 22; and decrease on outdoor poor, 271. Totl decrease, 249, ST. MAP.Y, ISLUaGTON.-Irunates, 409 (last year 400) - males, 165; females 216; children 28. In addition there are 181 children, 110 boys and 71 girls, with 5 adults, at the Infant Establishment, Elornsey-road. There are also 119 lruaties in asylums. Outdoor poor, 1,P45; las' year, 1,635. Christmas fare to adults-6oz. cooked roast beef, free from bone, baked potatoes ad libitumn, ib. of rich boiled plumpudding, and one pint of Trumanasad Hanbury's porter, with an additional allowance of tea and sugar. Contract prices :-Meat F3r stone of 141b., 7s. 7d. ; last Christmas 7s. Bread per 1001b.,, 12s.3d. ; 1ast year, 14s. 7d. Flour per saok, 41s. 6d. ; last year, 50s. Potatoes,8 lOs. perton; last year 90s. Increase on imdoor poor, 9; on outdoor, 210, Total increase, 219. ST.ANxz, 05X1SEA.-Iumates, 499 (last Chrlstmas, 546); men, 172; women, 281; children, 46. Children at North Surrey district school, 204; last year, 212. Dinner to adults - roast beef, free from bone, 8 oz.; potatoes 8 oz.- bread, 5 oz.; plum-pudding, 12 oz., and one pint of lay and Perkins's porter; bread and butter and tea in the evening; chGdren at dscretson; bread, 14n per owt.; 'dour, 21.3s. per sack; beef, pr stone of 141b., Os. 2d.; mutton, Os. sd., potatoes,per ton, No1 Last year, bread per cwtm, ls.; beef and mutton, Os. 5d.; potatoes, 51. msa per ton. No return of the out-door poor; decrsse on in-door poor, 44. ST. G0RGE, ALANDSOR-5QUARE.-Inmates of workhouss, Mlount-street, 252 (last sear, 26f9); men, 163; women, 82; boys, 3; girls, 4. No chlldren farmed outCbristmas fare-roast beef and pobtates on Christmas and Ncw Year's days, and llb. of plumn-puddIng, equal to that of most tradesmen's tables, and 2d. each imnate -1 pint of beer. The men are allowed to smoke in their bali, and they had a song to cheer them. Tro days' holyday allowed; Decrease, 17. ST. MiARGARET AND ST. JO1Ni, WSrimos-rTB-In. door poor of the two wvorkhouses-vIz., in " Petty F^rance" and Kensington 719 (last year 7071;* men, 221; women, 304;boys, 108; girls, 86. Fare-roast beef and plum-pudding, un. limnited in quanUtit, and one pint of porter each, with tobacco and snuffto those wiho desire it. Children, fruit. &c. Sontract prices:-Mleat, 4s. ld. per 8olb.; brea0, 14s. per cwt. (last year 17s.); swgar, 48s. per cwt. (last yeas-44s.); mnilk, ls. 3d. per gallon of 16 pints (last year ls, fid.) Outdoor poor 2,808, last year 2,983; increase on in-door poor, 12; decrease on cut-door poor, 675. Total decrease, 663. ST. GEORO.E'S-1s-mHOE-EST.-ln-door poor, 1,205 (last year, 1,357),- men, 257; boys, 31; women, 459; girls, 28; children, at Plashet School, 351; at asylums, 79, Inmates were regaled with roast beet, plumpudding, and potatoes, with one pint of porter, tea, sugar, &c.; chldren fruit In lieu f f beer. Flour per sack, 33s.; meat per stono of 141b.. 5s. 6d.; butter por cwt, 95s.; cheese, 64s. Last year's prie:-Flcr 44s. 9d.; meat, Os. Sd. ; butter, 103s - cheese, 61s. 6. Out door poor, 2,lG1 (last year 2,083); adults, 1.025; children, 1,136. Decrease on the in-door Tour, 162; increase On out-door poor, 78; total de. crease, 71. ST. GOonrox THE MARTYR, SOUTIIWARL-Inmates, 490 (!ast year 448)-males, 169; fmales, 291; c'onildren, 30. There are 243 children farmed ont at Mitcham, Surrey (last year 2S4)-viz., boys, 1:35; guk, N9- Christmas diLner, roast beef and plumpudding and 1 pist of Barclay's roster. By smbscription of . he guazdia, s, tobacco and snuff for ehe aged, a,d oranges and nuts for the obildren. Con. trct p1ices for bread, 13s. Wi. per cwt.; meat Ss. 2d. per atone; potatoes, 6!.. per ton; buter, 92s per cwt. List year bread, 1,s 1led.; leat, 7s.7d. * potatoes. 6dL '0s.; and batter, 96s. Out-door poo, 2,541 (last year 2,U83), Total increase as comp.ared with last year 453. ST. MARY MAe.D4EAT, BEMONnSEY.-Tnmates, 491. (last Christmas 56'); nmen, 162; women, 278; boys, ',- gisls, 23. 'Ihere are also 141 obildren at the indr-trial sebmols, Sutton, Surrey. Fare.-lIoast beef, vegetl',e'ss,and pluinpidding for dimner, wvith eie pint of Barc)-, 's porter. Children,ortirgc-s i1i lieu of jte9r, tpd mlagIc lahrern for their a9musenment in the ev,ning. Out-door poor, 1,001 (List ear, l5Ul9i; B ot abkbcdiedi 5ZOO) ANVWOAtd u8; ohilrep, 17; decresse on tha in-door poor, 071; on oat-LInor pq7, 18; total decrease, 85. ST. LExoNAiD's, SHolIRDITCH,-Inmates 760, (Ast Christmea, 734); men, 264; women, 437, children, 59; there are also 300 children at the establishmnent at Breutwood. Fare, for adults, 6 ounces roast beef, 8 ounces b.ked potatoes, 8 ounces boiled plenpudding, and one pint of beer, oach; children, proportionately, with oranges, lnts, &c., after dinner. Out-door poor, 3,183 (last year, 3,161); men, 610; women, 804; children, 1,769, Increase on in-door poor, 26; on out-door poor, 22; total increase, 48. EASr Loxi!oNs UNiIO.-Inmates of workhoure, Romerton, 577 (last year 609); men, 216; women, 318; children. 43. Christmase dinuer -a liberal supply of roast beef, pota. tces, and plaewtpudding, and ono pint of porter to each. Children above two years of age at the London central district sohool at Hauvreil (formerly at Norwood); present timue, 268; last year, 268; increase, 20. Contracts, beef per atone,Ss. 10d., bread per cwt., 13s. 10d.; flour per sack, 92a; ,otatoes per ton, iSOs. In 185 beef, 63. 44. - ;flour, G3s. potatoes, 120. Ot-doo7 poor 1,b9a (lase car2.421)-.adiits, 917;* children, 978. Decrease in In-door poor, 32; on out-door poor, o28; total, decrease, WEsT LOieDON UsioN.-Inmnates of workhouse, 456 (last year 504) ;-men, 168; women, 266; children, 22, The otber children are farmed out at the London Central District School, Cuckoo Farm, HanwelL Christmas-day fare -adults, 6oz. roast beef, 32oz. potatoes, 12oz. plumpudding, 1 piat of porter, 2oz. of tobacco or snuff. Tbe weekly cost of the in-door poor is about 4s. per head; out-door poor, 2,040 (last Christmas 2,138)-not ablebodied, 555; ablebodied, 557; children, 928. Total in and out door poor, 2,496. Cost of out-door poor last week, 1181. is.; corresponding week last year, 1191. Is. Bread per cwt., 13s. Gd.; flour, 1Gs. 9d.; meat per stone of 141b., 6s. 6d.; sugar per cwt., 60s. L.atyear-bread, ]6s. 4d. ; flour, 20g. 6d. ; meat, 6E. 8d. ; sugar, 44s. Gd, Decrease on in-door poor, 48; on out-door poor, 146. Total decrease, 194. S=xr-xy V7mIo,-This urnion consists of four parishes, with a population at the census of 1851 of 54,173. The harolet of Alile-end Old-town was weparated from the union at Lady-day last, There arethree workhouses, the number of inmates being-in Ratcliff-house, 229; Wapping-house, 37; Linebouse, 440; being, men, 198; women, 337; rbildren, 471; total, 1,006 (last year, 974). Christmas fare-a substantial dinner of roast beef, plumpuddlir, and potatoes, writh a pint of potter for each adult, and apples and, oranges for the children. Out-door poor, 2,523 (last year, 2,592); amount of relief, 10G?. 2s. 2 .d. (last year, 110?. 13s. Id.); lunatics in asylums, 103. Contract prices:-Bread, 11s. f;d. per owt.; meat, 5s. Sd. per stone of 141bh ; butter, 9Os. per Cwt. ; cheese, 48s. per cwl. ILast year :-Bread, 15s. 10d.; meat, 5s. 10d.; butter, 107s.; cheese, 54s. Decrease in out-door poor, 69; increase in in-door poor, 32; total decrease, 37. WrITECnd PaL UIos.-Inniates, 1,044 (last year, 902); men, 244; women, 443; cbildren, 357. Fare:-Breakfast and tea, 6 oz. bread and batter, and 1 pint of good tea; dinner, ilb. roast beef, 118. baked potatoes, 1 lb. plumpuddlng, 1 pint of porter. Children at the industrial shoois, Forest-gate, in accordance with their ages, with fruit after dinner. Out-door poor, 2,311;,last year, 2,516. Increase in in-door poor, 42; decrease in out-door poor, 205; total deoresse, 163. GRXEnIWICH UUION.- Inmates, 957 (Ist year 1,031); men, 261; women, 524; cbildren, 172. There are also 280 children at the South Metropolitan District School, Sutton. Christmas fare :-7oz. of roat beef, 16Oz. plumpudding, i pint of London porter, and a supply of oranges, &c., to the children, Bread, 13s. 8d,: meat, 5s. Sd. per atone; flour, 41s. per sack, Last Tear-bread, 16s. 3d. ; meat, Bs. 8d.; flour, 5ds. Out-door poor, 3,833; last Christma, 3,569; decrease on in-door poor, 74; increase on out-door poor, 264. Total increase, 10.0, WAYNDSWORTH AND CLAPHAII ThNIO0.-Inmates, 518 (last year, 512); men, 245; women, 217- children, 56; children at North Surrey District School, ienge, 133 (last year, 152). Fare, Alb. of roast beef without bone, lib. of rotatoes, 11b. of plum-pudding, 1 pint of porter; tobacco and snuff for the aged; orauges for the children, andAea and butterforallclases. Increase, . BRENTFORD UNION.-Inmates, 461-vlz., 147 men, 152 women, and 162 chlldren. Ceristinsa fare-S oz. roast beef, 1lb. potatoes, llb. plum-pudding, and 1 pint of good beer each; bread and butter and tea to all and fruit to the childreu. Out-door poor, 1,619-viz., men, 288; women, 703; cbildren, 628. Bread, 6d. per loaf; last year, 7d. lieat and other articles rather higher. EnixoeToN U.NIOx.-Inn,ates, 344 (last year, 354). The children are at a separate establishment at Enfield. Fare: -5oz. cooked beef and potatoes, 3lb. plun-pudding, and i pint of porter each. Decrease of in-door poor, 10. ST. OLAVX`S UIJox.-Inmates, 379 (lat year, 363). At tho district schools, Sutton, 7 boys and 22 girls. Christmag Day fare roast beef and plumn-pudding. Bread, 3s. per cvat, cheaper; beef, 5d, per stone dearer; mutton, 2d. per stone cheaper; and potatoes, 3s. Gd. per cwt, more than last year. Outdoor poor, 887 (last year, 893) 106 men, 2S4 women, 497 children. Increase on in-door poor, 16; decrease on out-door poor, 6. Total increase, 10. HAi.cKsNx U3oN.-Inmates, 591 (last Christmas 623) ; men, 174; women, 210; children, 207. Bread and butter and cocoa for breakfast, and tea, in the evening. Dinnerbeef, 8 oz. ; plam-pudding, 12 oz. ; one pint of porter, &c. The guardias provided a largo quantity of fruit, &oc., for the children. Flour, per sack, 40s. 9d. ; meat, 3s. ild, - butter (per cwt.), 98s. * potatoes (per ton), 120s. Lmss year-Flour, 50s. ; meat, Ss. 10d. ; batter, 98a.; potatoes, 136E. Out-door poor, 2,209 (last year, 2,204); aged and infirm, 533; able-bodied, 632; chlldren, 1,044; decrease on in-door poor, 32; increase on out-door poor, 5. Total ST. LU1;E, MIDDLnSEX.-Total Inmates, 697 (last year, 682);rmen, 173; women, 319; children, 205. Christmas diDner-Adults, Soz. roast beef; potatoes, 16 oz.: plumpudding, llb.; strong home-brewed ale, 1 pint. Children in proportion. Adults, tobacco, snuff, and oranges, and also to the children. Contrats, 1857-Flonr, 41s.; meat, S. 6d.; bread, 145.; potatoes, 120s. In 1856-Flour, 49s. 6d.; meat, 6s. 2d.; bread, 165. 4d.; potatoes, 1115. No return of out-door poor. Increase on in-door poor, 15. St. SAvIOt'xRs UNioN.-In the house, 407; (last year, 423); men, 127; women, 234; boys, 11; girls, 35. Dinner -baked beef, with the potatoes cooked under it, plum-pudding, and a pint of Barclay and Perkins; and in the evening a cup of e,xtra quality tea and coffee each, a present from Ir. Hlarrie, the Chairman cf the Board of Guardla;s. Oat-door pour, 1,061; (last year, 1,2-38); not able-bodied, o12; able-bodied, 2-27; boys and girLa, 522. Decrease in In-door poor, 16; in out-door poor, 177. Total decrease, CENTRAL LoiDoN DxsTrcT- SCHOOL (Cuckoo Farm, lIanwell, MIiddlesex.)-This establishment, wbich has been removed from Norwood, is still under the management of Mr. Aubin. Inmates, 1,137 children, beloroglg to the city and various metropolit4n unions-viz, 646 boys and 491 girls. Cbristmas day fare-Roast beef, roast pork, and plumn-pudding for dinner, with coffee, &c., In the evening. Two sermons were preached by the chaplain, the Rev. S. V. Edwards, B.A. The children are 344 from the City of London 'Union, 288 from the East London Union, 166 from St. Saviour's Union, 215 from the West London Union, and 124 from St. Mrtl'--thelelds. ST. MARTINS-IX8rr-TH.FnnS AND ST. Jonx's, HAMIPSTEAD.-The masters of the)workhouses of these two parishes ha ;e not thought proper to supply information. From the foregoing statistics it will be seen that there is a considerable reduction of pauperism as compared with last year. While 17 parishes show a diminution to the extent of 3,146 poor, there are ]2 parishes which exhibit an increase to the amoiunt of 1,820 pernons. It will also be observed that there is a very eonxlderable reduction in the price of the principal articles of consunption, and this, no doubt, has contributed in some measure to the amelioration of the position of the poor. The report aso exhibits the fact that between 30,000 and 40,00.0 of our fellow creatures inthe workhouses of the metropolis were yesterday enabled to participate in the festlvitie3 of the sealson.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first half of a bank-note for 201. (95,517) on account of mncome-tax not clatmed in the years 1854 and 3855 from " J. D."; the receipt of the remaining half of a bank-note for 201. (4,lO9), c-n account of income-hx from "Z X."; the first half of a bank-note (44,731) for 101. unpaid incometax from "Z."; the receipt of 131. lOs. for inconetax short paid this year from "M.M."; also of bank-notes to the amount of 401. for unclaimed income-tax faom " S." MR. H. S. BRICHT's CAsz.-The defence iu this case at the recent trial at York, says the Basten m Counties Herald, " was wholly inconsistent with that set up by the. psoner before the stipendlasy magistrate at Rull. Mr. Ja2nes, tbe coninsel for the defence, admitted that the signatures to the railway tr.nsfer deeds were not geniune, but written by the prLioner with the consent, he contended, of the lato Mr. Taylor. The risner too, wher. called up for sentenoe, adopted tbe same. line of defence. and stated that the principal;of-the specula. tioas entered into in his name were known-to hia partner,. that it was with his privity eatirely the speoulations were carried on, and that they were kept private from Mr. 1iohert Jobn Taylor because he was motorlously rot a man of business, and were kept from the clerks becase a knowIt dge of the transactions would harve been tks ruin of the firn. This will at once be seen to be total3y inconsistent with the following statement made lay the prisoner in the Midland case, and refesred to 4y him m each of the subsequeDt cases in his lefence , Hull.:-' After the able defence roade by Msx' Welf ~sa&d, he) I skalk not trouble the Court with -more than. thie, that I am )erfectly innocent of the char6e. The document was Oig ed by Mr. Taylor, with the kIrowledgo of his son, to enable us to carry on railway operations entered into wIth the knowledge of his son, after' a journey to London for the express purpose of taking the a dvice ot a gentleman whose name has been mentioaed in r piivav4 document read here to-day,and comn-itted o pape t by nne at the timewwhen I left Hull; and Mr. Tayl!r said' Good-bye,' and sever e0 cted Tny return alive. And I ,ay further, that it Is xi the -"noledge of Mfr..obert Joh a Taylor thas afterhis fatbor's death, out of rIgatd to his maother and sisters, with whom 1 had been brovht up as a son and a brother, I took upoD. my own shoun.er the insolvency of the concern, the nomi. nal balancu that appeared due to his father, and towards that noa.isal balanee I have since Daid him nearly 9,000.- and 1 r,y further, that the principre contriDed in these remar!.s is known to otber members of Mr. Taylor's family."' I*HE IATE EXTRAORD1IARY TRIAL FRANCE.- The Aessrs. de Jeufoese and the gamekeeper Crepol left the ptison at Evreux just after the oonclusion of the trial. Madarma de Jexfosie was so completely exhausted by the enmotion she experienced dusin g the five days' proceedinga that she was unable to leavo the prlson. Mdll.e do Jeafoese, who is also ill, bas retired to the Conyei.t dela 14gqp1az u at Eveux.
CHINA. (mom o-u srzxIL COBSPOm(DbT.) SHANGHAI, Ocr. 17. Fortunately for me my mission to China has in It something more than to chronicle the proceedings of the Elgin embassy, or I should have died of idlene. A much higher object Is to study upon the spot the subject of our trade with this empire, and to labour to discover how commerce may be developed and this great region opened up. It is a ta4k of dull utility. If there be any who look to my letters for amusement I warn them to quit my company. I have nothing to show them but hard facta and perplexing figures. First, let me jsay a few wordas upon the corpus su6bjectum-the region wre seek to open. The 18 provinces of Chins proper are quite sufficlent for our present parposes. The half-tamed mountaineers of Thlbet are six times nearer to Calcutta than to Pekin. The tribes of Mahomedans who Inhabit the vast hill districts to the north of Thibet are to the rich provinces of China Proper which lie npon their eastern boundary what the highlaud, once were to the lowlands of Scotland. Chinese Tartary, lying along the north, Is rich only in hill and desert. It is to that densely peopled piece of the globe which lies between the China Sea and Tartary, between the Yellow Sea and Thibet and Kokonor, that we must look for advantageous relations. This compact mass is about half the size of Europe, about seven times the size of France, and about fifteen times the size of our islands. It is about ],500 miles long and broad. M'Culloeh reckons 1hat in square miles it measures 1,348,870. Cutting off the surrounding fringe of savage life, China is still a vast empire, but not so immeasurable or so unmanageable as we are accustomed to conceive it to be. With a railway like our Great Western laid down, we might traverse it from north to south or from east to west in 30 hours. This country contains 360,279,897 human creabtres. The amount need not startle us. If England and Wales were as large as China England and Wales would contain within one-ninth of tie same amount of population. If Lombardy were as large as China Lombardy would contain 360,000,000 also; and Hf Belgium were as large as China, Belgium would contain 400,000,000. Take the average of [the whole 18 provinces, and there is ncthing very remarkable in the figures as they come out. The population of China as a whole is not excessive. Biut when we come to note the distribution of that population the figures become very remarkable. There is a pressure upon the Eastern seaboard provinces such as is without parallel in the world. The Chinese coasts which look out towards Japan, and whence a straight sea liue might be drawn to Australia, are choked with people, the average for the whole empire being 268 to the square mile; Klangau has 850 ; its next inland province, Anhul, has 705; Shantung, to the north on the coast, has 444 ; the imperial dis. triet of Chihli, 475; and Chekiang on the coast to the south has 671. After these come those smaller central provinces of Honan (420) and Hiupeh (389),which extend westwards through the centre of the empire, and which together with the province of Sz'chuen form the girdle of (Thina. The eastern part of Sz'ehuen would show the same large amount of population; but the western part joins upon Thibet, and is miountainous and thinly peopled. It is very important to our commercial inquiry to remember the lay of the strata of Chinese population. If we go into the country with our cottons and our woollens, our lace and our hardware, it is to the men and women we mast go, and not to the Celestial Mountains and the Sea of Stars. Let us remember,then, that the populous districts of China are, first, the provinces on the eastern seaboard-Chihli, " the Imperial province ;" Shantung, "the province east of the mountains ;" Kiangsu, "the province of the abundant river; " Chie-kiang, "theprovince of the meaudering river." Secondly, the inland girdle-forming provinces Nganhwui, or Anhui, "the province of peace and plenty ;" Honan, " the province south of the river ;" Hupeh, " the province north of the river;" Sz'chuen, "the province of the four streams." I shall hereafter have occasion to show that these provinces so rich in men are] those with which we ought naturally to have the closest relations, that they are the most accessible to us, and that with one exception they are the provinces to which we have hitherto had no access. Canton, with its neighbouring provinces of Kwangsi, Kweichow, and Yunnan, are the most thinly peopled pro. vinces in the empire. Kwangtung has only 241 inbabitants to the square mile, which is below the average; Kwangsi has 93, Kweichow has 82, and Yunnan 51. Contrast these figures with the 850 of Klangsu and the 705 of Auhui. Such is the country in which we seek to develope our trade. Let me now shortly sketch the present condition of that trade. It is a subject upon which the data are not very exact. Even with the assistance of two manuscript volumes of commercial statistics, compiled by one of the two largest mercantile houses in China for their ownvpractical guidance, and very generously glven up to my use, I tread this labyrinth of figures with considerable hesitation. At the end of the commercial year 1854 the balance of trade between China and Great Britaln was estimated at seven miUions nine hundred thousand dollars. or t wo millions sterling against China. The estimate stands thus:- IMPORTS FROm GRE&T BRITAIN AND LNDIA. Opiam 65.000 to 70,000 chests ... $24,000,000 Cotton, 200,000 bales...... ... 4,000,000 Manufactures, &o. ... ... 4,000,000 Straits and India . ... ... 1,600,000 Total ...$... ... .33,600,000 EXPORS To GREAT BRITAUiN AND wER COLONrES. Tea, Great Britain... 72,0030OOOlb. l Australia ... 10,000,0001b. $ $15,000,000 India, &c. ., 3,000,GOOlb. ) Total ... 85,000,0001b1 Silk 40,000 bales ... .. 9,200,000 Sundries ... ... ... ... 1,500,000 TotNl ... ... ... ... $25,700,000 During the succeeding three years the exports to Great Britain have greatly Increased. In the commercial year 18506-7 the export of teas to England and her colonies was 87, 741,0001b., and in the samne year the deliveries in England of China silk amounted to 74,215 bales. The silk-exporting power of China seems to be without limit. Every year we take from her an annually increasing quantity. In 1843 there was not a bale sent home. In 1845 there were 10,727 bales. In 1855 there were 50,489 bales. 1856 showed an increase of 50 per cent. over 1855; and the present year, if the stocks on hand are brought to Europe, will show an increase of at least 50 per cent. over the year past. I am informed that If the Chinese succeed In establishing the prices now demanded, and in selling all their produce in stock, the money patd for China silk at Shanghai durlng the current year will certainly not be ics than 10,0OO,000l. sterling. 20, 40, 60, 90, 140 are figures of rapid progress, yet they represent the advance of our silk imports from China. At the pries now paid you may, I believe, double this last quantity in the year to come. I do not understand, however, that by stimulating the production you can greatly decrease the price. We have, I believe, found by experience that however abundant the corn crop may be in America there is a price below whioh it will not be brought down for export, but can be profitably employed at home; so of China silk. You have to compete as buyers with such an enormous population of home consumers that any extra p-oduction to meet our demands may be thrown, without great effect, upon the home market. By improving the present faulty system of winding you may perhaps make the silk more valuable, but if you take treble your ancient quantities you must pay treble your former quantity of silver, and so far increase the balance of trade agalnst you. The rapid increase in our imports from China is a source of unmixed joy to the merchants of the five ports. Their calculations do not extend beyond their own business. Why should they? They send home the produce and they receive its value. They do not feel the inconvenience occasioned to Europe by a constant and unvarying trade wind, which blows semi-monthly cargoes of silver into the porls of a hoarding nation. Of course they stimulate the productive power of Chins so long as they can find a market for the produce; and they act from the healthy instincts of commerce. I am not about to resuscitate any of the burled heresies whtch taught that there is a distinction between silver and gold and other articles of barter, or to opium, but for want of skill ia the preparation, and patienkce ia keeping, it has an acrid favour. ll. Hue tells us that native Chinese opium is not only, cheap and abundai4t, but also that it is better than the Indian. According to this authority it is only the higher classes who for fashion's sake smoke the bad Euglish opium. " Depuis plasieurs anncea quelques provinces m6ridionales e'occupent aveo beaucoup d'aotivit6 de la culture dai pavot et do la fabrication do lroplun Las marchands Angla's confessent que les prodults Chinois sont d'exoellente qu%litM quoique cepondant encore inf6rieurga A cex qat viennent dut Bengale ; mais i'oplum Anglals subit taTit de falsifications avant d'arsiver dans la pipe dn fumeur qu'il ne vaut plas, en r6alit6, celul que pr6parent les Chinois. Ce deraier quoique livr6 an commaerce dans toute sa puret6, so donne A bas prlx, et n'esl consomm6 que par lea faumenr do b.% 6tage. Colut des Angleis, malgr6 sa falsification, eat trWs cher, et r6setv6 uxu famenre de distinction." Fortunately for the opium-dealers these distirnguished smokers are very numerous. He says:- " Pendant notre long voyage en Chine, nous n'avons pie reneontre un soul tribuauxl oil on no famat 1opium onverte. mnat et impunnm&ent." M1. Hue dismisses this subject with one of those fine passages which, in his works are so seasoxably interposed to sustain the roiustzess of our faithin the accuracy of his information and the soundness of his judgment,- " On pretend quo le peuple de Londres et des autres villes imanufacturi6res de lAngletorre, aWest hdoun6, lui aussi, depuls quelques ann6es, a 1'usage de l'opium pris en liquide on en mastication. Cette nouveaut6 est encore poe remarqu6e, quolqu'elle fasse, dit on, des progras alarmants. Ce seralt une chose 1a ofais curieuse et instractive, st un jour les Anglais 6talent oblig6s d'aller acheter ropium dans leI ports de Ia Chine. En voyant leure navires rapporter du C61este Empire cotte substance vn6aneuso, pour empoisonner l'Angleterre, il serait permis de stecrier 'Laissez Dasser la justice de Dien !1" The English opium trade, even although Indian opium should happen (as M. luc, somewhat incorrectly, I fear, states) to be consumed only by magistrates on the judgment-seat ancd other distinguished persons, is a great thorn in the aide of the British missionary. The controversy which the Chinese politely evade finds exercise among the Christians. An English missionary related to me quite recently how he had met and vanquished a Portuguese priest who confronted him in hostile man-ner in the streets of a northern city. Having no European language in common, and Latin being found to be an inconvenient medium, they dropped fluently into the Shanghai dialect. The gaping Chinese stood round and wondered, while the priest accused the English minister of being about to teach the Chinese a modern heresy, only 100 years old, invented by a wicked king and an abandoned woman; and while the priest was in his turn twitted with teaching an idolatry stolen from the temples of Buddha. We have all classes of missionaries here, except only "Ihigh" churchmen, whereof I have met none. The ordained clergy in China often abandon their prayer-book, and conduct their services in the Presbyterian foim. Some of the sectarian ministers carry their Protestantism with a dauntlessness that makes us start or shiver. There was a reception day some time since at the yamrun of the Taoutai of Shanghai city. The Roman Catholic Bishop had just had his audience, and an uncompromising Protestant of an extreme sect took his place. Now, this Taoutai had the reputation of being a clever, a malicious, and a sarcastic man, accustomed to gather all the European scandal of the settlement, and to cast It into the faces of the missionaries-Roman Catholic, Catholic, and Protestant. "The head man of your Christiansis just gone out," maliciously remarked the Taoutai. " Sir, he is not our head man. He is not a Christian at all; he is an idolator; he worships the cross." "Aad do not you ? " asked the innocent Taoutai. "No, I do not." " And yet if I were to lay the cross on the floor at your feet you dare not trample upon it?"" "I would," answered the unhesitating Christian missionary. Of course, there must be jealousies and difficulties and beartburnings among men holding such very different opinions. Even some Americans of the more violently hostile sects point out to the Chinese that the Englisb are opiumdealers,suppressing the fact that Americanhouses are quite as eager in disputing the profits of the trade. Sometimes it happens that in the midst of a missionary discourse an old man comes forward (either spontaneously or at some one's suggestion), and tells the crowd what a good son he once had, and how that son kept him in corafort, but that he has lately taken to spend all his earnings in opium-smoking, and leaves his father unprovided for. The old gentleman wishes to know whether It is the countrymen of the " elder teacher" who sell that opium. We must imbue ourselves with the exaggerated notions which the Chinese have of the sacredness of parental despotism to fully understand the effect of such a question. If while a candidate was addressing the electors of the borough of Mainelaw, with their wives and daughters in general tea-party assembled, Mrs. Brown Jones Robinson Smith were suddenly to appear leading in Mr. B. J. R. Smith, staggering in the last stage of maudlin tipsiness - if Mrs. Smith were then, addressing the candidate, and pointing to her spouse, to ask whether the report was true that he, Mr. Juniper, was the person who made and sold the liquid which had reduced Mr. Smith to the condition of a beastand if the candidate, thus adjured, felt constrained to conifess that he certainly was the proprietor of a rather extensive distillery, the interruption would not be more provoking than those which sometimes occur at Amoy or Shanghai. The English missionarles meet these things with a constancy almost as bold as the chronology of the Portuguese priest. They say that India is not England, but a country to which China is indebted for her two great curses-opium and Buddhism. As to its effect upon the conversion of the Chinese the suggestion is simply absurd; but it is a weak point in the armour of controversy, and our missionary countrymen feel It very bitterly. At Ningpo I accepted an invitation from the Rev. Mr. Russell, the Church of England missionary priest, and the Rev. Mr. Edkini, of the London Mission at Shanghai, to visit the opium dens of N1ngpo city. Commander Dew, of the Ninmrod, and several of his officers accompanied us. I had seen the opium-eaters of Constantinople andSmyrna, and the bashish-smokers of Constantine, and I was prepared for emaciated forms and trembling limbs. I recollected buying a taboosh in the bazaars of Smyrna from a young Moslem whose palsied hand and dotard head could not count the coins I offered him. I recollected the hashish-smokers of Constantine,whoweretobeseenand heard everyafternoon at the bottom of that abyss which yawns under the " Adultress's Rock,"-lean, fieshless Arabs, smoking their little pipes of hempseed, chanting and swaying their skeleton forms to and fro, shrieking to the wild echoes of the chasm, then sinking exhausted under the huge cactus,-slghts and sounds of saturnalia in purgatory. The Chinese exhibitionwas sufficientlycdsgusting, but was otherwise quite a failure. These opium dens are ordinary Chinese cottages, with a room about 12 feet square, furnished with a bed, a table. and a sofa. In the first we entered three men sat upon the bed and two upon the sofa. There was the oplum pipe, -the lamp, and the small porcelain cup of treacle-looking opium. One of the customers takes the pipe and the lamp, then dips a pin into the opium, turns it roind and round till he has the proper quantity of the jellified drug, inserts the pin in the pipe, applies the pipe to the flame of the lamp, and at the same time draws up the vapour by two or three long inhalations-not whiffs, for he draws it into his lungs; then he passes on the pipe, the opium being consumed, and gradually lets the vapour slowly return through his mouth and his nose. The members of this convivial society were goodhumoured and communicative. One was a chair Coolie, a second was a petty tradesman, a third was a runner in a mandarin's yamun; they were all of that class of urban population which is just above the lowest. They were, however, neither emaciated nor infirm. The chair Coolie was a sturdy fellow, well capable of taking his share In the porterage of a 16 stone mandarin, the runner seemed well able to run, and the tradesman, who said he was 38 yearsX old-say, 37, for the Chinese commence to count their I age nine months earller thanwe do-was remembered by all of us to be a singularly young looking man i for that age. He had smoked opium for seven years. As we passed from the opium dens we went into a Chinese tea-garden-a dirty paved court with some small trees and flowers In flowerpots,-and a very emaciated and yawning proprietor presented bimself. "The man has destroyed himself by o0iUmsmoking," said Mr. Russell. The man ielng questioned, declared that he had never smoked an opium pipe in his life,-a bad shot, at which no Quo suggest that a trade between tea and sila on the one side and silver on the other side ought to be disfavoured. I only wish to put the fact plinly that sach a trade has its inconveniences that it would be much more advantageous to us to pay for our tea and our silk with goods of our own manufacture, upon which we make a large profit, than with a commodity which Is not manufactured by us and upon which we make little or no profit. This is doubtless a self-evident proposition, but selfevident truths must be paraded now and then if we would have Government keep them in view and make adequate efforts to enforce them. We cannot open up China without Government energy and Government expenditure, and we must show that the end is worth the cost. BRIH ES-PORTS. The condition of our export trade will appear from the following table, for which I am indebted to an eminent Manchester house, and which deserves careful study:- EXPORTS To CHINA FROMt LO.NOx, IvnERPOOL, AND THE CLYDE FOr 23 YZAnS, BEGONaG wITEr 1834, XX WnUOF YEA.R Tl3:E AST LIuIA COMPANY'S MIONOPOLY CE&SED. PanloIn 137 In lingiand and Azoerl4a. Ponm March, 139, untl Augat, 1842, bu1neM was serioual Inter. mpt9d by the war, &a. Northern ports opene: for businen in 1813. The rebellion have orlouly affeoted buolness alnoe 185.3, both in the north and soutb. S. means bhaushaL 0. meaus Canton, but Honlkong is Inoludea. Several observations occur upon this statement. In the first place, there is no steady increase, no hope for the future, shown by these figures. In 1838 and in 1844 we exported twice the quantity of worsted stuffs that we exported last year; in 1852 four times the amount of camlets. The long ells have fallen off from an average of 90,000 to 36,642. The woollens have sunk from 68,042 In 1836 to 38,553. Printed cottons vibrate with a somewvhat higher average in later years, but printed cottons and cotton twist show a large decrease since 1853. While I write there is a sudden demand for English cottons at remunerative prices, but both the demand and the price now obtained are bemporary. The first arises from the partial failure of the cotton crop in China; the second arlses from ). cause to which I shall have occasion more particu-- larly to refer hereafter-the alteration in the melative value between silver and copper cash. rhe consumer " up country" is prepared to ?ay the same quantity of cash for his cottons which ae used to pay, and, as these cash are now worth So much more in dollars, the Chinese merchant ,an afford to give hgher prices in that metal ,bhilh is the medium of European commerce. This, ao,vever, will quickly be altered by the extensive exports sure to come from England, or by a full ,otton crop in China. Secondly, reduction in prices has not been mnet by Jorresponding increase of sales. The dollar price In Chlna for shirtings, for instance, the great staple %rticle of goods, has not for several years been more than half what it ranged at a few years Dreviously; yet we see by the table that the demand was not risen with the reduction in price Thirdly, the years whieb appear to denote great ictivity are in reality years of great disaster. In l843, 1844, and 1845, when the 2orthern ports had just been opened, the people at home were wild with ixcitement. An eminent firm at Sheffield sent out large consignment of knives and,forks, and declared bheraselves prepared to supply all China with cutlery. 'he Chinamen, who know not the use of knives mnd forks (or, as they say, abandoned the use of them when they became civilized), but toss their rice into their mouths with chopsticks, would not look at these best balance-handles. They were sold at prices which scarcely realized their freight, and the shops in Eongkong were for years afterwards adorned with them, formed into devices like guns and spears in an armoury. A London house of famous name sent out a tremendous consignment of pianofortes. The speculation was based, probably, on the calculation that China must contain 200,000,000 women, and "now that China was opened up" at least one out of every 200 would wish to learn the piano. The Chinese remained faithful to their gongs and trumpets, and refa ed all hospitality to this intrusive fligiaht of squares, uprights, and horizontals. The embarrassment became great. Hongkong could not hold them. At last the consignees, being people of great social lnfluence, extricated themselves by an act of grievous tyranny. They insisted upon every European resident buying two pianos. The price, as we may suppose, was not exorbitant, but what sale was effected was a matter of private obligation, and not by fair market. The consequence of this spirited conduct on the part of the manufacturers is, that pianos by the best makers abound in Hongkong and the four ports. An inevitable eequence arising from the indescribable humidity of the climate is, that these noise-boxes are all out of tune and discourse most eloquent discord. What happened in the case of cutlery and pianos occurred also in a less noticeable manner in the case of those staple commodities which form the subject of our table, and which, in the present condition of our relations with COhla, form almost the only reasonable articles of export from England. A fourth observation which arises upon this table is the rising-I should rather say the risen-imporbance of the great northern port of Shanghai and the declining importauce of the port of Canton. This wiM be strengthened by a careful analysis of the Consular returns for 1856, whence it will appear that if we throw off rice and Indian cotton the exports of British produce to Canton were 604,0831. 4s., while those to Shanghai amounted to 1,679,5811. lls. again, we must remember that these amounts include the English export to Amoy and Fooohow, vhich are transshipped at Canton, and also some which afterwards reach S~hanghai, whereas (Shanghal being the most distantport) the Shanghai returns include only Its own proper imports. I shaRl have to recur to this subject; I only note the fact now while I have this table under consideration. It is scarcely worth while to labour the point that the exports of British goods to China are in an uusatisfactory state, but the fact is put in a clear point of view by acomparisonof the exports to China with those to Calcutta : On the one SIdo we have a steady and well-sus. tained progress, on the other we have a varying and unpromiing pas, whioh throws no ligbt upon the future. The opium trade, the least desirable part of our ecpoit trade to China, shows healtliest 3n statistlc. The" foreign medicine trade," as the Chinese now more delicately qall it, is sturdy and increasing The deliveries to the different opiu station in 1849 and 1854 were as follow:- i have not the station statement for 1856, but. the total amount was 76,300 piculs, ana the value was $30,868,050, or 7,202,545. Now, this is a very important sum of money spent, no doubt, upon a very deleterious drug. Divided among the 360,000,000, it is nearly 6d. per head per annum-about one-tenth of what each one average unit of our 20,000,000 Britous spends in tobacco; about one-sixth of what he spends additionally on gin and whisky. It is very wrong of John Chinaman to smoke opium to the extent of 6d, per head per annum. But what is he to do? He detests beer and wine. You may leave an open brandy bottle in his custody for weeks, and it will not evaporate. His own samshee is, so far as I can discover, almost a myth, except as an article to sell to foreign sailors. His vile tobacco is a very raiserable debauch. It is used in very small pipes by the men, and is much affected by the ladies. My room at Hongkong looked closely upon the domesticities of a learned Chinese "teacher," his wife, and his child. The exigencies of the East-open casements and narrow thoroughfares-rendered strict seclusion difficult. Whenever, in midnight, a more than usually intense Eense of suffocation or a particularly heavythunderstorm, or a specially shril fit of screaming from the infant Chinaman, or the sharp bite of some mosquito which had eluded my fortifications made me start up in my bed, the same object always presented itself. The lady of the house opposite, with her hair full dressed, but otherwise in de3habile -rather economical than elegant-the simplex without the munditiis-waa alwas at her casement, gravely smoking a bamnboo pipe. But for the mosquiito curtains I could almost have stretched forth my hand and lit a cigar from her bowl; alas ! 1 could quite taste the iiavour of her tobacco, and it was not fragrant. If, then, John Chinaman, not being reasonable, will not get drunk and if he has small comfort in the narcotic which it pleases u to patronize, what is he to do? It is not in his habits to call a temperance or a teetotal meeting and harangue himself and his hearers into a state of excitement which leaves all other drankenness far behindwhich, instead of involving the penalty of sad reaction, is followed by sweet soothing reports of platiform speeches by votive slippers, and by a pleasant consciousness of self-superiority to al other mundane creatures. He knows not the civilization which teaches means of cheap moral excitement. Our young ladies shall thriU with ecstacy while some iear good man is describing to them the hoirors, of Irunkenness, and in the next street some zealous surgeon shall eectrify his medical class, and throw the blood up into his own head, while setting forth with anatomical severity the consequences of tight[acing. But these are the resources of civilized Britons, not of pharisaical Chin3men. Yet there never was found in any age or in any Aime a tribe, a race, or a nation, which had not ome stimulant in which they habitually indulged. Nfrs. Chinaman takes her mundungus; her husiand varies the same pleasure with an occasional whiff of the stronger narcotic. I wish he would hrink beer, or whisky, or gin, or British brandy, or they are all recognized means of intoxication md British manufactures. But he steadfastly :efuses-Que vouiez vous? I estfait comme ce7a. A Chinaman loves opium as he loves nothing else. Che head of a Parsee house at Hongkong was so ivil as to take me into his warehouse and to open wo chests of opium, that I might see the drug as it )asea in commerce. The first consisted of balls, he size of a large apple dumplng, and when cut pen the mass was found to be solid; the other was ail of objects which a commander in the navy not ong since ordered his ren to return to the owners ,f a captured junk. " A rn'it you asEhaimed, my lads, o loot a lot of miserable Dutch cheeses " The "'Dutch cheeses" were fine Patna opium, worth sbout 51. each. They are globes of thick dark jelly, *nclosed in a crust not unlike the rind of a cheese. !dy Parsee acquaintance tapped one with a fragment )f the iron fastening of a chest, and drew 'orth about a spoonful of the evil-smelling drug. It was not the opium which engaged my atsention; it was the effect produced by it upon lhe surrounding Coolies. I never before sawreal 3xcitement in a Chinaman's face. rve seen them tried for their lives and condemned to death, and Pve seen them test the long-suffering patience of Mr. rudor Davies in the Hongkong Police-court, where that gentleman is daily engaged in laborious endeavours to extract truth out of conflicting lies. I've seen them laugh heartily at an obscene gesture at a singsong, and I once saw a witness grin with great delight as he unexpectedly recognized his most intimate friend, a tradesman of reputed wealth, among a crowd of prisoners in the dock. But these Coolies, when they saw that opium, opened their horizontal, slit-shapedeyes, til they grew round and starting, their limbs so lax and limpid when not in actual strain of labour, were stiff from excitement, every head was pressed forward, every hand seemed ready to clutch. There was a possibility that it would be put dowrn upon the window-sim near which we wrere standing. I could see the shadowr of fingers ready to slide in. It was almost certain that it would be thrown aside-there was the hope of an opium debauch gratis, and this was the state of mind that hope created. The Chinese Governments have long ceased to strive against this passion for opium. I doubt whether they ever really did strive against it. At one time, when the balance of trade was against China, the opium was drawing the Sycee sllver out of the country, and Lin thought it absolutely necessary as a matter of State policy to stop the traffic. A Chinese official is the Joseph Siuface of diplomacy; be his deeds good or evil, they are certain to be concealed under a mass of fine sentiments. In China every pragmatical pedant who has a certain literary degree has the privilege of memorializing the Emperor. I have waded through hundreds of these to find only those stupid platitudes, those trite commonplaces, those " barWites sur la moraZe," as Huc says, which, like the maxLms in poor Rlchard's Almanack, pass for deep wgisdom with the vulgar of all nations. The opium qoestion of course produced a rank crop of these min- prilences, andw some wrere selected for publication snthe Pekinsi aazette. One of them is reprinted in the blue-book for 1840, and contains that rarest of all things in these memoriais-a fact:- "From Euhklen, Kwantung, Chokeing, Shantung, Yurman, and Kweiohow memorials have been presented by the censors and other offlcers, requesting that prohibition should be enacted against the cultivation of the poppy and the preparation of opium ; but, while nominaly prohibited, the cultivation has not been really stopped in those places. Of any of those provinces, except Yunnan, I do not presume to speak; but of that portion of the country I have it in my power to say, that the poppy is cultivated all over the hills and in the open plain, and that the quantity of opium annually produced there cannot be less than several thousand chests; and yet we do not see any diminution in the quantity of silver exported as compared with any pre. vious period, 'while, on the other hand, the lack of the metal in Yunnan Is double in degree wbat It formerly was. To what cause is thix to be aseribed? To what but that the consumers of the drug are very many, and that those who are choice and dainty with regard to its quality prefer always the foreign artileo ? This testimony of Choo Tsun as to the cultivation of thousands of chests of native opium in one province alone was given in 1836, while the vermilion pencil was inditing heroics about the immorality of foreign opium-growers. I can add to this statement that the culture of opium certainly Is not oonfined to the province of Yunnan. Any one who penetrates into the amphltheatre of mountains wbich bounds the NIngpo plain wil see valleys upon valleys of fine rich land covered with poppies. The official reports deplore this, but cannot stop it. The estimate in that 60,000 chests of opium are annually grown in China. This opium Is purer and stronger than the Indian was more amused than the rev. gentleman who firedit. I only take the experiment for what it Is worth. There must be very many most lamentable specimens of the effects of indulgence in this vicious practice, although we did not happen to see any of them that morning. They are not, however, so universal,nor even so common, as travellers who write in aupport of some thesis, or who are not above truckling to popular prejudices in England, are pleased to say they ar3. But if our visit was a failure In one respect, it was fully instructive in another. In the first house we vlsited no man spent on an average less than 80 cash a-day on his opium pipe. One man said he spent 120. The chair Coohe spends 80, and his average earninga are 100 cash a-day. English physic.ians, unconnected with the missionary societies, have assured me that the Coolie opium-smoker dies, not from opium, bat from starvation. If he starves himself for his pipe we need not ask what happens to his family. No earthly power can stop opium-smoking in China; but if the people of England are earnest in wishing to stop the English trade in it, nothing is easier than to do so by far less of self-sacrifice than the opium smoker would be obliged to exercise. Let the old ladies give up tea and the yo les give up silk, and the thing is done. If the Chinese had again to pay for opium in silver they would soon grow it all at home, and look sharp after the foreign smuggler. At present the trade is as open and as unreatrained in all the cities of China as the sale of hot-cross buns on Good Friday is in the streets of London. Those unfortunate fine sentiments of Mr. Commissioner Lin cost the Chinese Treasury a very handsome source of revenue. When the drain of sycee ceased these sentiments beeame only expensive encumbrances. It is amusing to observe how delicately they have been dropped overboard. The North Chinta Herald of the 27th of June, 1857, contains two proclamations from the authorities of Fuhkien and the prefecta of Fuhchow. These authorities profess that they have discovered that, " among the foreign imports, there is an article called ' foreign medicine,' of which immense quantitles are sold, and on which hitherto there has been no duty." They innocently remark that " It appears that this foreign medicine is sold to the people as medicine, and is used for expelling epidemics; so that it cannot be classed with rice, paddy, cloth, &c., which are of constant use. Therefore In levying this duty on foreign medicine we do not oppress the people." The proclamations declare that " Hereafter this foreign medicine,when it has paid the duties, is to be regarded as a legal article of trade." The duties imposed are, that "every box of foreigu medicine containing 40 balls shal pay a duty of one dollar per ball" (that is, the Patna opium); "other kinds of foreign medicine in small balls (the Malwa opium) shaU pay duty at the rate of $4 per 101b." The proclamation ends thus .- "The high military ar d ciile authorties of tho proino have already memorialized the Throne. Hereaiter, when {he duty orn foreign medicine is paid, the trade is legal a nd at all the Custom-heu3es the presentation of the proper certificate wilsecure immediate passage for the foreign me(;oline without the slightest opposition." The date of the second of these proclamation3 is the 7th of June, 18i7. At Shanghai there has been no formal proclamation, but the sa e Viceroy rules, and levies a duty of 24 taels a-chest. At lingpo a tax of 12 Shanghai dollars per chest has been established for some time, and the mandarins are now about to raise it to the Shanghai amount. I am told that it was originally proposed to levy this tax as an import duty, but that the merchants refused to pay it, and threatened to retire totheir depOt ships again. In this I am inclined to think they were unwise. Opium might have been brought within the 5 per cent, of the " unenumerated articles clause" of the treaty, and this vexed question thus settled for ever ; whereas the tax is now levied from the Chinese brokers, and Is, of course, without limit. In the face of the present large returns from these opium duties-coucerning the amount whereof Lord Eigin may, perhaps, be able to give the Emperor Eome Information which has not yet reached himthere will be no difficulty In putting this part of our trade on a satisfactory treaty basis. Perhaps I have 3aid too much about this topic; but it mur,t come into the new treaty, and there may be some few readers in England who may be willing to hear the question stated as I have endeavoured to state it-without the prejudices either ofamissionary or a merchant. One word upon a subject to which I shall probably not have occasion to recur. I have sometimes spolken untenderly of topics much cherished by some of our Protestant missionaries. There is, however, no subscriber to the various bodies which send preachers forth who thinks more highly of the usefulness of these menthan I do. Iwllnot say that they are making sincere Chinese Christians,-those who say this must be either governed by a delusion or guilty of a fraud,-but they are doing the work which, if China is ever to become Christianized, must precede its conversion. They live among the Chinese people, they speak their language, they are known to them by deeds of charity and beneficence; their wives are the friends of the poor, friendless, Chinese woman; their children prattle to the natives in their own tongue, and are the messengers of their parents in little offices of love. The merchants in Ca ina are almost universally large-hearted and benevolent men; they will give largely, but they have not either time or taste for such offices as these; nor would the wildest philanthropist expect It from them. Yet this must be done by somebody if China is to be opened. Even if I had no hope that the cold speculative systems of Laotze, Confucius, and Buddha could be overthrown, that those palaces of ice would some day melt before the fervid quickening fire of true religlon, still I would say plant missalonary establishments in China; but remember always that a fool, a bigot, or a firebrand can do more evil there than ten good men can repair. (To be continued)
DPsADnTm SHIP5wRECv.-By the arrival in tae Mersey last nlght of the bark Clyne, of and from St. John's, New Brunswick, Captain Robyns, we have the particulars of the total loss of the ship Wallace of Leith, Captain Cormea, and the dreadfal sufferings of the crew, who remained on the wreck during a period of U days without food or drink, except the body of a dog and what water they could secure during short intervals of rain. The details arc horrible in the extreme, and we will relate them as our reporter received them from the lips of six of the crew of the ill-fated vewsel, who were last night brought onshore from the Clyne, and conveyed to the Sailors' Home. It appears that the Wallace was a full-rigged shit and sailed from the Clyde on the 10th of Augu2, coal laden, for Quebec, having a crew of 21, all told. Darlng the passage out little else but gales of wind was experienced, sho carried away her masts, and ultimately reached Quebec nnder jury-rlg. On the 14th of November the Wallace saUed from Quebeo, timaber laden, for Greenock. Shortly after putting to sea a gale of wind came on and continued wlth little Intermission until the 7th Inst., when the ship was about 800 miles distaint from Cape Clear. Soon after 12 o'clock on that day, while the hands were at work at the pumps, a tremendous sea struck the ship and cap. sized her, the crew having to crawl up the landyards to escape being drowned. After great exertions they cut away the Laniards, when the main and mizen masts fell. The ship shortly afterwards righted, when another sea struck the bowsprit, carried It away, and also the foremast,at the same time sweeping the deck of all that was left, and also washing overboard Mr. Lindsay, the chief oficer, and the steward (belonglng to Devonport, but whose name the crew could not recolleot), and they were unfortunately drowned. The remainder of the crew held on by the wreck aU that afternoon, night, and a part of the next day, when the gale abated. On the 8th they were enabled to ascertain that the hatebes and deck had been forced up, the poop cabin cleared of its contents, and that not a morsel of provisions was to be obtained. The -weather having further moderated, the crew cut away the wreck from the ship's side, and made further search for food. Ultimately a conplo of casks of water were discovered In the forehold, and hal a bucket of biscuit; but ox the 9th, unhappUy, a sea stove the water casks, and thus was lost what the men were now craving. On the 10th the poor fellows had become greatly exhausted from hunger, thirs, cold, and wet. No vessel had hove in sight, and their hunger now became suach that they oould "eat anything," when it was determined to kill and livIde the dog, 'which was done, a small porUon being consumed by each, uncooked, for they could obtai no fire. On the 11th and sucoeedIng days showers of rain fell, and the poor fellows managed to catch a small quantity, but not sufficient to allay their parching thirst, while small bits of their onoe favourite dog were the only food they had from the 7th to the 17th of December, on which day the joyful cry of "a sail" was given, and ultimxtely the Clyne Captain Bobyns, bore down, took theerew off the wreck, got them on board, and behaved in the most kind and humane manner to them; but care was then necesary in their traatment, for, although 'well-nigh exhausted, their appetites were ravenous. An apprentioe, however, who was insensible when taken off the wreck, died soon alberwards. The captain (Corznea) and all the crew, exceptthre three aboveussned, ana the dix nowr at the Walrs' Home, rexnitn on beard the Clyne, in the river, being too 11, frornt swollen feet, &c,, to beoImmediately rvnoaZHaoo
THE LATE YVANGBLIOAL CONFBBNCB (FROM OUI0 OWN CORlPOhND.T BERIMT, DvC. 20. Thre"e moniths have now elapsed since the close of the Evangelical Conferences in this city, and nunerous events of the liveliest interest to England have since then occupied public attention. Before, however, the subject has fallen into oblivion *lth the general reader I will venture to claim admisslon for the following remarks connected with it, on the score of its importance to that numerous portion of your readers, the religious world in EDgland. The conferences have also some claims to respect from the world at large from having been un succws, from having been what their originators professed they should be, and from their not having cost more than the expenses were estimated at in advance. To begin with the last point first-viz., the expenses. At the final sitting of the local committee for the management of the conferences the total expenses were stated to have been 2,94'th. 16 slbg. (4411. 7. 6d.), of which the fitting up of the Garrison Kirche amounted to 932th The contributions from all quarters amounted to 3,214 thalers, of which 1,000 had been contribatedby the municipahty of Berlin; the whole sum, ia fact, which that blody had voted was 1,500; but, as the balance of the total expenses was covered by the 1,000, it was decided by the local committee not to draw the remaining 500. In the same way the King's offer of a second pecuniary contribution, if the expenses should not be covered by the forthcoming subscriptions remained unavailed of. No resolution has as yet been come to with retard to the balance and the proceeds of certain articles stiUl on hand, It being thousght advisable to give a little time for the possible appearance of further claims on the committee not yet brought in. The evangelical conferences were what their originators intended they should be-viz., an assembly of Protestant Christians from all countries; for, according to the printed lists, which, however, do not contain nearly all the names of those who took pat t in the proceedinge, Prussia contributed 876 members, other German States 103, EnglandI l(;6, France 12, Spain 1, Italy 2, Eungary and Bohemia 7, Switzerland 11, Holland 10, Belgium 4, Denmark and the German Duchies 11, Sweden 2, Russia 12, Turkey 2, and Greece 2. Thus, Europe altogether sent 1,222, Asia 3, Africa 3, America 23, Australia, 3. The total of these printed names amounts to 1,254, of whom only 689 belonged to the clerical profession. The only European States of any consequence that did not contribute any quota at all to the above number were, naturally enough, the Papal States, Austria (the Crown lands), Portugal, Naples, and Tuscany. The above figures, 1,254, have, however, no reference at all to the number of hearers present at the conferences, of whom no account was kept, but their numbers can be guessed at, as the Garnison Kirche is capable of containing 4,000 persons, and during the eight meetings that were held was on the average twothirds full. The conferences were also tna muccbs, inasmuch as the object aimed at by the originators was more than fully attained. Among the results of the conferences may be mentioned the extension of brotherly love, sympathy, and co-operation among the Protestants of different churches, the attainment of distinct information on statistical and other points, the knowledge of successful or defective institutions witbin the church, the publicatfon of hardships requiring alleviation, the promotion of truth and toleration by the intercommunication of views and convictions by men desirous of concurring in unity rather than of seeking divergence and disunion, &c. Though the conferences may have been a long way off what many simple-hearted and pious, persons, particularly Germans, took them to be-viZ., the dawln of a Christian mnillennium, the commencement of a new era of fraternity, toleration, and love throughout the pale of Protestant Christendom, the foundation-laying of a new church to St. John, as already there are churches in the spirit of St. Peter and St. Paul; though they may have been none of these, they were nevertheless reaUy conferences of Christians, and they impressed aU who attended them with a conviction that the promoters and participators in them were in earnest and sincere, and were taking the right road to attain their ends. Further it may be stated that these conferences, held as they have been under the open patronage and undisguised favour of a king, in a large and imposing building, freed from the trammels of bureaucratic control and police surveillance, have become a religio-politieal Power which has been more or less recognized in its working and efficiency by foreign States. Not only did foreign religious bodies depute some of their members to b. present for the sake of communicating their own wants or collecting information, but also churches and Governments sent persons thither to " watch the proceedings" and propagate their views. Thus the Danish Government, for instance, found itself induced to commission a most able man, the probst (rector) of Tondern, to attend the conferences and vindicate the course it has taken in Schleawig, in depriving so many German ministers, professors, and schoolmasters of their posts among a population that speaks only German. (Out of consideration for the King of Prussia and his Government, this and every other subject, such as the position of the Protestants in the Austrian dominions, that could possibly have a political tendency imputed to it were treated in committees apart from every public sitting of the conferences.) The opportunity of so many men of different nations and languages meeting together for a common object was, morcover, duly turned to account to organize for future activity a network of committees for the various portions of Protestant Christendom, with appropriate agents for the acquisition of correct information on subjts connected with religion. How sadly deficient England has hitherto been in correct views of foreign matters may be seen in these two instances. The Evangelical Alliance some time back forwarded to the Assembly of the candinavian Churches a representation of grievance based on a totally groundless foundation, and accordingly received a most unanswerable refutation of its statements. It has now sent an agent into Schleswig to inquire into the truth of the matters complained of and their causes, and has arrived at the truth. The same with our Government, which has hitherto most blindly backed up the Danish Government in its maltreatment of the German Duchies. It has lately sent a trusty and intelligent agent into Holstein to inquire ilto the real state of the case, and now finds occasion, from his report, to reverse its previous practice. The precedents that sugg,ested these conferences at Berlin in this year were the conferences of Christians held in London in 1851 and in Paris in 1855. The encouragement to hold them here emanated from the King of Prussia; the actual invitation to attend them was issued by the Berlin Committee of the German Branch of the Evangelical Alliance; buc It was the hearty response made to this Invitation by the Evangelical Alliance In England and the numnerous sufflages it collected in favour of the Berlin Conferences which made the latter possible, and contributed so much to their prestige, t has been often asked what is the object of the Evangelical Alliance. In the absence of any distinct formula put forward by the Alliance itself, I conclude from its various transactions and the expressions ot its members that its object is to render patent the catholicity of doctrine that lies hidden under the diverse forms of Protestantism and thus d6prive of its weight the Romanist's objection that Protestantlsm has no church, no creed, and no real entity. As a first act towards a creed common to aU Protestants, the Evangelical Alliance has designated nine points of doctrine on which both our established churches in Great Britain and all denosn3nations of Dlssenters concur. These nine articles have subsequently found numerous adherents in the rest of Europe, and it is for the purpose of incrziasing the niunber of those adherents and of promoting Christian toleration, brotherly charity, and Protestant unity that the conferences lately held here and elsewhere were got up. Of the incidental advantages arising from the late Berlin Conferences the Prussians will, doubtlesss derive a larger portion than our countrymen, whao are more accstomed to the arts of public life. To the former these conferences have aflrded a valuable preeedent of an organized agiSation and large public meetings, with all theix appropriat machinery having been got up 1,y private w malividnak ithout the control of the sVminstrative Giovernment or the surveillance of the, police. It was ithe fint public meeting in Pruiait iu which suitable plam were allotted to the rej,orters of the public |pr'ts, and tho latter itself e2j51 r'ecognized as an feQec
BERFDOM IN RUSSIA. (FROM OUR BERLIN COORX8PONDENT. 3BERLrN, Dzc. 22. For some years past the expectation has been growing more and more rife in Russia, and thence through Europe, that the abolition of serfdom was soonabouttobedecreed. As long as the late Emperor Nicholas was alive the accession of his successor was looked forward to as the period for the advent of the new era; and as long as the war lasted the return of peace was the event that was to herald in the removal of this incubus on the productive powers of the State. These periods have come and gone, but serfdom is not yet abolished- Alexander I., who commenced the great worr, was cut off suddenly in the midst of his reforms; Nicholas was diverted from following them up energetically by his fatuity for an enormous army, and serfdom is the basis of the Russian recruiting system. Alexander It, who at his accession found the nation at war, was by that circumstance prevented at that moment from realizing the fond hopes that had been entertained of him. At the conclusion of the peace he was even obliged to take a step apparently in the opposite direction, -viz., to assure the Russian nobility of the inviolability of their agrarian rights, which precluded the idea of any sudden abolition of serfdom. Since that period, however, a variety of Innovations have been introduced by the Emperor into the internal adwinistration of Russia, which, like many others carried out in the reign of his father, are aU converging to the same end of gradual abolition, though to the eyes of foreigners at a distance there often seems to be but little connexion between them and the end proposed: the Russians themselves, however, are so thoroughly cognizant of their tendency and their number, that they have at length fixed even the day when, according to their expectations, the total abolition of serfdom was to take place. That day was the 18th inst., the fete of the late Emperor Nicholas, a date which at least has this significance, that it recognizes the interest the late Emperor took in the subject, and it is also a matter of popular belief that the Emperor Nicholas on his deathbed urgently recommended this abolition to his son and heir for speedy execution. Although the Emperor Alexander has not yet abolished serfdom in Russia, and although it may be many years to come before any meastre can be passed that will realize the idea contained in those words, there is not the slightest ground for doubting that he is labouring most strenuously towards that end, as most of his home measures and his foreigna policy since the peace of 1856 abundantly prove. Within the last two months, unless a very generally received report is unfounded, a special committee has been formed in St. Petersburg, under the presidency of the Grand Duke Constantine, for the purpose of expediting every measure in connexion with this subject, and the experience of the last few days shows that its labours have not been without good results. That the existence of this committee should be kept as secret as possible will excite no surprise, when it is borne in mind that the expectations of 12,000,000 of human beings in Russia are just now at the highest pitch of tension, looking for an almoat immediate deliverance from bondage; that local and sporadic revolts of serfs against their owners are no longer as rare in Russia as they used to be; that the spirit of liberty is now abroad among the people; that both in Kieff and in Moscow tb.e students of the universities have lately made the boldeast demonstrations, and offered resistance to the military and police; and that in St. Petersburg language has been uttered at public meetings that reads like the ordinary clap-trap spoken at Radical meetings in England. There exists every possible reason of danger and difficulty for approaching this matter with the greatest secrecy, forethought, and precaution. The abolition of serfdom is a subject of muchless intereBttothephilantbropist than is usually supposed, for the Russian serf, born and bred in the position of a bondsman, is far from the wretched being philanthropists think he must be, and his enfranchisement, while giving him an opportutunity, and perhaps compelling him to work ont his own independence, will in all probability, at least in the first generation of these unheroic Slavonians, produce them more misery than happiness. To the economist, however, any measure must be of great interest that immediately affects property valued at hundreds of miUions of roubles, and which promises indirectly to open up and stimulate the productive powers of a country larger than all Europe. To the politician few events can be more momentous than a fundamental change in an institution which for upwards of 200 years has served as the basis of the whole internal polity of a nation of 70,000,000 of people. He may well fear lest a too rapid impetus imparted to the aspirations of these impressionable Slavonians may bring Europe to witness a flood of uncontrolled liberty and revolation such as that produced in 1848 by the well-meant innovations of Pio IX. in 1846. As the subject bids fair to force itself soon upon the notice and interest of Europe at large, I send you herewith a few memoranda as to the nature and extent of serfdom in Russia, as well as of the measures that have been already taken with a viewj to its eventual abolition. Serfdom has been of various kinds at different' periods of the history of Russia, and at the present momc'nt the position of the peasant is very various ia difflent parts of the empire, In tbo Baltio p nce! of Estbland and Liefland serfdom hai been entirely superseded by a series of statutes enacted by Alexander L between 1804 and 1819, which were subsequently amplified in 1849 for Liefland, aud in 1856 for Esthland; In Courland no advance has been made on the legislation of 1817, and Sn this latter province the enfranchisement is not yet complete. In the kingdom of Poland also recent ukases htve made the enfranchisement of the bondman dependent solely on his having the will and the means to pay the commutation price. for his services or the value of the fee simple of the land he occuples: on his making due application to. the local official appointed to arrange these commutations the owner is bound to accept the prices fixed by the Government surveyor, and accord the serf his freedom. In Poland, therefore, serfdom is in process of self-abolition; and in Russia P~roper also serXdom has been abolished on the domains of the Crown and some private estates, and has generaUy of late years been much modified and mitigated. Serfdom originated in a ukase issued by Czar Boris Godunow in 1601, for the purpose of restraining the nomadic, unsettled habits of his suljects, who; as many Arab tribes do in the present day, were constantly changing their places of abode for more promilsing localities or more fruitful pastures; and to this end he enacted that every peasant should settle definitively on the land he had cultivated on the previous Juriew's day. They thus became by this sole ukase (glebe adscripti) assigned to the soil (in Russian, Krepostuyz). The administrative measures necessary for watching over the maintenance of this state of things entailed registration and official surveillance; and eventually in the course of years the lords of the soil, availing themselves of the inability of the peasants to change their locality, extorted from them compulsory labour on their own estates, and even menial services about their own dwellings. The relation, which had originally been that of " privileged villenage," was thus soon converted here and there into " pure villenage ;" and the two relations exist still side by rside in Russia, and even on the same estate. It took a long pefiod, 'however, to break down the vested interest that the peasant originally had in the land he cultivated, and which amounted to the whole usufruct, after deducting a small payment ini seaturd or in labour. By constant encroachmients on the part of the lords of the soil the state of these villeins sank by degrees into that of "villeins regardant," and "villein3 in gross," but the Russian serf was always a fixture on the estate, from which he could be as little separated as the estate from him. It was not till the time of Peter the Great that the system of serfdom obtained its present form, which offers certain features peculiar to Russia, and different from the villenage that formerly existed in England, or the Horigkeit, that held its ground in Prussia even up to the commencement of this century. One of these features of serfdom' peculiar to Russia, and which forms the tenure of the larger part of the land il that country, is of a very communistic nature; a whole village or other community occupies a certain tract of land, from which the whole number of male peasants pays a fixed poll-tax to the lord of the manor-the entire body offering an aggregate liability for the shortcomings of any individual member. The community among themselves divide the whole area of the land out into homesteads according to the number of adult males or married couples among them. Each such homestead occupied by a man and his wife ,and children if they have them, is called a tiaglo, and this one famnily cultivates the whole of the tiaglo, or as much of it as they can, until the increase of married couples in the community renders It necessary for the number of tiaglos to be increased also, which is done by dividing or diminishing the existiDg homestead6. As the land is, as a matter of course, of various excellence in the different parts of the estate, the various families are shifted about in compliance with communistic fairness to all the different homesteads, so that each cultivates the good, bad, and indifferent land turn and turn about. Although this occupation of the land is about the most disadvantageous arrangement that can be conceived in an economical point of view, and is perfectly destructive of any feeling of property or, home, it is strictly in harmony with the instincts of a nomad tribe, and insures to each of its members at least an existence on a footing of perfect equality with his fellows. When in the course of time as mang hands have been assigned to agrlcultural labour as the land requires, and there still remains a surplus of employable populatio~nin the serf village, certain of its members turn their attention to different handicrafts, but in all cases work for the commonwealth, which assures them in return their existence in and a provision for their old age. Where large amounts of work require to be contracted for, the whole community, as represented by its Golowa, or chief, joins in security for the completion of the work or the fulfilment of the various conditions attached to it. Although it frequently happens that under this arrangement, and favoured by auspicious circumstances, such as good harvests and an equitable owner, &c., these communities accu mulate wealth, chiefly in their surplus agricultural produce, not only are their individual members all kept down to the average degree of poverty of the whole number, but their accumulated wealth remains unavailable for the purposes of further economical improvement. In the interest of the State, therefore, this feature of serfdom as the most injurious to the economical development of the country calls most urgently for abolition. Another feature of serfdom in Russia which cals the most loudly for abolition in the interests of humanity, and which will probably be the first to be abolished, is the so called Obro7k systam. This obtains in cases where domains, formerly large, and with a large number of serfs allocated on them, have in the course of time been so split up and subdivided by sale or inheritances that small portion% of them are to be found, on which 10, five, or even only three serfs are inscribed. These plots of land being too small, and the number of serfs being too few to admit of agriculture being carried on there profitably, the owner either lets out his serfs for hire to other proprietors, or gives them his permission to follow any handicraft they may have learnt, and exercise any talent they may possess on payment to him of an obrok or polltax. In this case the owner generally builds a dweUin ghouse on the land that the serfs ought to have tilled, and lives on the obrok they pay him out of the earnings they make elsewhere. These two classes constitute the whole number (f actual serfs in Russia, which amount to about 12,000,000; but it is usual, though not strictly correct, to include among the serfs the six classes of peasants also, amounting to an equal number. There are, 1st, about 40,000 peasants who enjoy the usufruct of the land on which theyare inscribed, on condition of their supplying horses, vehicles, and drivers for the posting traffic; every 28 males supp'y one vehicle,;three horses, and a driver; they rece1s o a small money payment for the distance driven, and their land is free from any other obligati. n than the above. 2. There are about 120,000 peasants employed in the forests of the Sta' e which supply timber for the fleet. They receive a small money allowance in addition to the usufru t of the land they cultivate, and are free from all taxes or other obligations than that of labouring in the forests. This is evidently the " common soccage tenure" of the law-books. 3. There are also about 800,000 peasants attached to the different appanages or domains set aside for the support of the various members of the Imperial family. The peasants, however, who are the best off in Russia are, 4, those on the Crown domains, in number about 9,000,000. They are not glebce adscripti, and they are at liberty to leave their domicile and acquire personal property in the prosecution of trades and professions. The greater number of them, however, are distributed in villages and the joint-stock communes, such as are described above. 5. There are also peasants who have been liberated from serfdom by their owners, to thenumber of about 1,400,000; these are free from all forced labour, or obrok., but are still liable to be taken as recruits, like all other peasants; they can even possess serfs attached to any property they may become possessed of. There is still further, 6th, a class of free peasants who have never been serfs, numbering about 225,000 males. Their position, however, is in reality not nearlyiso free as that of the liberated serfs, unless they hAve had a portion of land settled on them by the lord of the manor, or have themselves acquired some landed property. (To be continued.) NonWICH MJSICAL FESTIVAL.-The accounts of the late musical festival at Norwich will exhibit a surplus of 430L, but it is recommended that a portion of this sum Ehould be applied to the payment of debts on account of the meetiDg of 1854, wh4n there ws a deficiency of 1031,
-BLECTRO-MAGNBISK AE A TMOTIYB TO W. B . - ----- h In a recent article on thse ubjet of Mr. Bagges process for aPPIliig steam to quicken the movements of the electrlc telegraph we alluded to the researches which were going forward into the value of electro-magnetism as a motive power. We have space now to refer to this important subject at a length more in acordance with Its merits, and to notice the gradual steps maklng towards a disoovery, the mmense velue and utility of which, in spite of the progress lready made by eteam, will when attained eqarl in importance our first knowledge of that great power. It is almost superfluous to enumerate the many Important advantages whicb an eleckro-motive Dower has over steam There Ia peifect Wafe y from all danger from fire or explo. sion. There is no expenditure of materia!s when the engine is not in action, and its power oan be applied at. a moment's notice. It !s always ready for action without previous co=umption of mateilals in getting up steam, and in marine engines there would be no waste in freightage as for crrying coal. These are the most Important of the advantages it offers, bat many others wilU occur to any 'who reflect for a moment on the peculiar nature of the two forces employed, With such high rewards in view plans to convert the power of electro-magnetism into a motlve force have always been among the most cherished schemes of electricians. The tussian and American Governmente have spent large, sums in endeavouring to solve this problet; France still holds out a great reward to those who can produoe an electro-motive engine which shall only consune 19 ounces of zino per horse power per hour, and in that empire the idea that these moderate conditions will be fully attained is firmly bellevod. In this country no offlcia encouragement has ever been offered to such attempts, and latterly the notion has been much frowned upon by scientifio men, who on all such questions are generaUy the m ost con. servative and impracticable portion of the public. The grounds upon which their opposition has lately been based are-first, the undoubted falure of the various at tempts hitherto -made; secondly, a comparison 6f co! between the worfling of the best kind of electro-motive engine and a steam engine; and, lastly, a hasty, bu. most erroneous opinion of Liebeg's, which utterly con demned the idea of an electro-motive engine alto gether, though on grounds which men of equal emt nence In science, though less In fashion, have not hesitated to declare as *r practically absurd." It is needless to refer to the attempts of the scientific men who have sought to utilize the power obtainable from electro. magnetism All the principal electricians have dabbled in it more or less from Oersted downwards, and every fresh . attempt has led to fresh Improvements and discoveries. The first important invention of the kind was exhibited by a Mr. Davenport in America in 1837, and this was followed in 1838 by another electro-magnetio engine, by a Captain Taylor. In the same year Jacobi produced a vessel upon the Neva worked by electro-magnets. It was a boat 28 feet long and 71 feet broad, and, with 14 persons on board, was worked against the stream at the rate of four miles an hour. . In 1842 Mr. Davidson bunlt an engine adapted for use on a railway, and tried It on the Edinburgh and Glasgowv line. This engine with magnets and battery w.Qighed five tons, but in consequence. of the very faulty arrange ment of the mag:aets there was A great loss of power. The utmobt speed attained by it was only four miles per hour and the attempt was therefore condemned as a total and irredeemable failure, people quite forgetting in their eagerness to blamue that the first steam locomotive tried in Eng. land on a level plainr made only five miles an hour, and that ten years later Stephenson had so little improved the machinery that with eight carriages and 30 tons weight he scarcely attained four miles an hour on a dead level This invention of Davidson's, therefore, was given up, and attention was soon afterwards occupied by the engine of Professor Page, in America, which wa7 one of the best of them all, and which was in turn followed by the improvements of Hjorth and of the Messrs. Harrison. The latter gentlemen, indeed, claim to have fulfilled all conditions, and rather more than all which It was even hoped or expected electricity would ea able to fulfil; but, as they have not to our knowledge entered into details, ib is impossible to say how far their assertions can be borne out. Nevertheless, with aU these attempts, and with others by Dal Negro, 'NGauley, and Wheatstone, not one of the electro-magnOtlc engines could be regarded as a great success In the path of discovery towards the new power. In fact, all the plans when tried practically were found to be at variance either with the laws of electricity or of mechanics, and the two main points for solution In the employment of electricity-its application aad Its economy-were both more or less overlooked. Nearly all these machines, then (except those of Page and Hjorth), were made either with oscillating or rotary direct action engines; in the former the electric current was always cut off long before the mag. netic forco had reached its mazimum, and in the latter the magnets successively brought into action were necessarily placed at such different distances that it was impossible to produce an equal motion by means of them. In the rotary engines, also, itwas of course found that in a system of magnets cons'ructed to produce a given power, when set In revolution, an immense reduction of their original force Immediately took place, so that their combined action in practice fell infinitely short of their estimated force. And not only did each magnet sustain an actual diminution of power, amounting to at least one half, butxthe power thus lost was converted into a current of electricity, acting in opposition to the primary current by which the magnetism was induced. This loss of force was great, and appeared unavoidable until the improvements of Page and Ejorth; but even the machines of those gentlemen lost so much power, and were worked at such a cost, that aU forther attempts have gradually been looked upon by scientific men almost as waste of time and ingenuity. In a paper read before the Society of Arts in 1850 the improbability of any result being obtained from electro. magnetism whieh could enable it to compete with steam as a motive power, was carried nem. con. Very recently at a discussion at the Institution of Civil Engineers it was even more unequivocally condemned, and declared that the power exhibited by electro-magnetism, though very great, extended through so smaU a space as to be practically useless, and that a powerful magnet might be compared to a steam engine with an enormous piston, but with an exceedingly short stroke-unquestionably a bad arrangement. Now, doubtless, from the points of view at which the inventions were regarded, these decisions were right. It is a certain fact that electro-magnetism never wiUl supersede steam, and no.electrician in his senses could reaUy have entertainedasuch an idea. M3uch as steam has done it has never yet been able to superbede the water-wheel, wherever water power Is obtainable. But, although steamn must and will always be employed, electricity can find place as a motive power in many kinds of work 'where steam is now out of the question. The other objections have been, first, the cost of the power, and, second, the shortness of the space through which the power is exerted, or, in other words, the want of adequate stroke or motion in the force. The power of electricity, when applied in the form of an electro-magnet, is wonderfully great from com. paratively small means, but its dynamic power decreases so rapidly through intervening space, beiLg "inversely as some unascertained power of the distance much greater than the souare," that the range of the maximum (ffect, or valuable portion of the motivo force with a consequent rinimum of consumption extends to so small a distanoe as to be of no real value in mechanics. The great problem to solve has been to contrive such an arrangement of parts as to convert this maximum of the motive force through a range, although unavailable in itself, into stroke, or to give it such an extent of motion as to make It of practical value as a motive power. Mr. AUan's electro-motive engine has achieved many of these desiderata. He has utilized all his power-he has obtained length of stroke. By this invention the maximum portion only of the dynamic force is applied, and by the mechanical anrangement of parts successively aud continuously brought into action in a direct form, in accordance with the laws of electro-dynamics. Thus applied there is no loss of the primary force, and any -amounb of povo-r and any |; length of stroke can be obtained. In fact, both mechanical andelectrical conditionsare very simply and beautifully complied with, and to this alone is the success of the invention due. The machine may be simply described as consisting of four galleries, each of which contains four groups of four electro-magnets which are alternately opposite in their polarities, aud which therefore by induction naturaUy reaot upon and augment their collective power. Through these magnets. pass rods connected by connecting rods and cranks to the shaft of the engine. Each of these rods has a disc or keeper suspended on shoulders above each group of magnets. The keepers are made with a hole in the centre so as to slide easily upon the rod, and not impede the mo' tion of the latter when It is receiving an Impulse from a magnet applied to any of the other keepers or dlss. The same kind of action is produced on each rod, so that as one completes its portion of the stroke the next one is commencing in the following manner:-At the commence ment of the motion the upper keeper Is placed so near the first set of magnets that when a currenb of electricity is applied to them they draw violently the keeper to them, and thus move the rod longitudinally through the space which separated them. The next keeper is by this means brought within the same distance from its magnet, and the current of electricity is at the same instant cut off from the former and applied to these, which thereupon draw their keeper to them, and so drag the rod tbrough an additional spae or distance equal to th* first The pther magusnte and their keepers beneath respectively act in a Similar manner in regulr sueceesion, and thus com. plete the xtroke of the rod, when the next row takes it un, and s0 on ,ntil the four rods have worked in the same manor, and given the utmost both of power and length of stroke to the machine, Though the machines have as yet only been fixed vertically, yet it cn easily be seen that the arragement of the parts allow it to be readily adapted to allordinary purposes, whether vertical or horlzontaLl Thus, as far as the first conditions of power and length of, sroke are concerned, tho machine appears to have achieved great ends. One has reoently been submitted to the Em. peror Napoleon and the dfreotors of the Conservatoire as illstratig the first principles of the machine which, it Is hoped, Is to carry off the French national prize of 2,0001., offered to any who can solve the question of thepractical utility of electrdity as a motive power. The mueoeu of the eompetitor there is to be attested by the cheapness with which he can produce his power. Aoord. Ing to the averge price of coals in Paris one horse steam power per hour can be obtdnod for 8 centicaes. The average prioe of zinc is 80 centimes per kilogramme, and the French conditions for gaining the prize are that the machine siall work one hore-power on an expenditure of not more than half a kilogramme of zinc, or at 40 centime5 the hour. This would make the cost of the eleotro.motive power in Paris five times greater than that of steam, but the many advantages which In other respects it possesses over the latter power would more than counterbalance this disadvantage. According to this rate Mr. Allan's machines In England, where coal is cheaper, would work at a oost 10 times greater than the present average price of steam; ;et many of onr first machinists and manufacturers sy that the Invention of eclectro-motive engines at as much as 18 times the cost for steam-powor will pay largely. Mr. Allan professes himself perfectly confident that he can produce a machine not only within the working price we have just mentioned, but even within the French conditions. He maintains that it is an error to consider the cost of electro-motive power as being relatively less "profitable' than steam, and that the error bis. arisen frobi the misap. plication of the electro-magnetia force, not from the neces. snry oonumption of the electnio mAterlale, which comsump. tion is inversely as the dynamical ratios of the force. He oonsiders that the materials, on the other hand, from their chymical 4Admixture in the battery, although of nopractica avail for the further produotlon of the electric fluid, become when produoed on a large scale of considerable market -aiue, andwheasold reallze' largo peroentAgeof their originaleo3t But as the cost of the power is thus taken as the standard of suocess, the expenditure In fairness must be regarded from various points of view. Thus, then, we must not forget that in Madrid and Lisbon the cost of coal for steam power is twice as dear as at PAris; that in most parts of South America, in India, and China, and throagbout the East generally, the cost of coal is twice as much as that again, so that In those countries where an ewnily managed motive power is most wanted, electicity may yet compete with steam on an equal or even advantageons footing with regard to oost. But a great reductlon In the oost of the power may be at once effected by not using zinc at all, sinoe iron when used on a large scale as an element in batteries maq b3 regarded as almost equally effcacious sith zinc. But the cost of the powver must be at the present a subordinate question, -at least other and more important questions must be decided ere the cost can be fairly aeertained. For instance, .hr. Allan finds that there must be a certain relation between the electrio current and the diameter and length of the magnet, though what these conditions are it is difflcalt to say at present. With only a sight modification of the relation of the wire to his mmqnet, he saddenly found that he lost four-fiftbs of his power. Now, here is a problem the solution of which must have a vital Infuence on the electro.magnetic power, and, therefore, in its cost of production. Yet, these disturbing influences, whatever they are, were not even known to exist until now; and every day the general laws which govern the science of electro-magnetism are becoming more and more fully developed. In a very able and a very impartial paper whlch was read by Mr. H unt before the Institution of Civil Engineers many objections, all more or less sound,were urged against she availability of electricty as a motive force. We are certain, however, that that gentleman was ignoraut of the principle upon which the machine of Mr. Allan is constructed, for a knowledge of it must have altered the conclusion to which he was then almost naturally led. Many who do not take the trouble to judge for themselves are content to base their disbelief in the adaptability of electrlcity as a motive force on the doctrine of Liebig, that zinc cannot give out more power than the coal requiredto smelt it. Of course, the reputation of Liebig is supposed to be sufficient to secure implicit credence for thisstatement,-that the scientific world, in fact, must hearand obey. But in science nothing can be taken for granted, and until Liebig can show that such relation exists betposenelectricity and heat as to make the mechanical power of one the measure of the mechanical power of the other his doctrine wil continue to be regarded by those who think for themselves as absurd and of no value. The most eminont accountant in the world would be laughed at ir he asserted that tvo and two made five, yet Liebig's theory, though less ridiculous, is equally wrong But thousands will beUeve it, without inquiry, on the mere strength of his reputation, though that can no more alter natural laws than the accountant's skill can change the powers of figures. Some of our readers, however, may contend that though in this particular instance Liebig may be wrong, he is stiQl eminent in science, and that, like many scientific men, his opinion is unfavourable to the avaUability of electro-magnetism as a motive power in mechanics. This is unfortunately true, though the same argument milghthave been urged with equal force against the introduction of steam, of gas, and of almost al other greatmodern improvements. As we have said, scientific men are eminently conserative-they wish science to advance, but only in the path which they themselves have chosen. So much, however, for the reasons for and against tho plan. We do not say that as yet an electro-motive power has really been made available, but much has been done towards attaining that great end, and we believe that the rest may be achieved. We do not pin our faith on one invention more than any other, and only dwell on Mr. Alan's as being furthest advanced in the path towards success. By his application of electro-magnetism he has certainly made it a motive power valuable in mechanics, It only remains for him to obtain his electricity cheaply, though to do this we believe he must resort to other means than those hitherto employed-to means which every man of science, in speaking or writing on the subject, has gone round and round about without ever happening on what was really wanted. With the French wo are inclined to the Ehlief that such a power is attainable, and wil ere long, too be attained. The new-born science, though stiU but litAle known, is gaining on us fast, and advancing wlth giant strides into the business of every-day life. It is but a few years since Sir Humphry Davy employed athousand pair of zinc aud copper plates to do the work which would nowv be better done with 12 of the same agents in a modern battery. What, then, msy we not hope and expect from a series of scientifiic researches into the aM yet undeveloped secrets of this marvellous elemsent 9
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIrAES Sir,-In your paper of Deoember n your Paris correspondent, while expatiating on the Importance of a name, bas fallen Into a slight error in reference to that of Melancthon. His words are:- " The mid Melanctbon of the Beformation would, probably, come down tous with a far difetent reputation had be retained his or1gnla Inauspicious patronymio of Herts Sebwartz, or Black Heart." Were an Englishman the owner of such an inauspicions name, it would probably be punned Into Black Guard. But Melancthon is Greek for black earth,-"XAa xOewv, or rather pXav x0., a literal renderig of the German Schartzerde, wvhich the Beformer probably adopted for the sake of enphony. Yonr Insertlon of the above will oblige - mIoSRNymous. .vettigo, Dec. 23.
[Advertisement.]-Fail not to begin the New Year with a DuuMp.-Those known an Loetta' from thedr gener,, Isuperiority and Immrense varity (above 100), ame kept by all book,ellers in the king dom, who will supply a fully descrptive catalogue gratis. As a Ireent for eentm - or e Searsdab. ore ot these, publ`shed In Dlain or elegat bindingo and approoriated to all ages arom thses or societo woul confer a lasting beneet on the recipient without trespasin too everely uyon the donors libwrality, oftes heavily tarce for the meat -.,orthless trIles. Miany other MS. publIationw , oth euaer books, sgblo oks. gahe bookp3ahs. seiera s waelolues,pas., oy. alt be pleena oett9, con,land Co.', stath A nec adplee ape A 8,ms- Rofale rnch agd [Advertisement,]-A Seasonable Present.-" The Family atlas,g continn b 0 fordodonre aps,slcatedn from ther metesf 6,n cAdvertisement.]-every ineh a Womano-The gret o caatherDfna of Usefoln%i Mr.u de wiharlls Ithea new nisoveries andt ae,In otpabeloalIdevxdhalfii wooc o,gle edges painted thre aninaer TheCcpodand.1 WhelelIsas,or with 3maps frombte moal,nssreone teli gieinayTdgothes2t5tmap 3 n thishesearLote sold sepr I is. a otd plaIn men ad.soud tor the peantlaris (onlee guilne.a)ls of tl.hmas wrhavndee catlasesril by ct xapdeditons s ppicaio to thm dotowhrt Sttanod, but Chast oking-conefr, dpi [Advertiserneutj]Ee-y Ourh Ol Twn," byThoma groat cauethor of Poetuspn, Inof Coharle Litea,e' ne. provuelyji, rited7 ousy pradd. riloerandCo. Paero 6m1. w ThaI Wahnntono. meo asto heperanet pic (oe gInA) o tisor havingl baee great wok loon.form an odeman Nloterniaheuretdu,
I EWINX<X' ArZE. NORTITERN TrRMPrTrm NEWCASTLE. DE. 2- _lBefore.Mr. JussicC CROMpTON.) William Wardroper wax charged with shootin at James ILwson with intent to murder hnim. Mr. Seymour prosecuted; Mr. BlAckwell defended thg prisoner. The.proecutor Is a pitnan, residing at Elawick, near Newcasle. The prisoner is an engineer, workingat Jarrow. They had been aoqualintoes of long stnding, and on very friendly terms. They were in the habit of paying occasional visits at a house of ilflame in Wellington. street, Newcastle, and the motive suggested on thepart of the prosecution for the sommission of the offenoe charged wras an ilegsed jelouz feeling wbich had arisen between n nwardroper, who were both admirers of M. Eaobel Hannah the mistress of the establishment. On the night of tae 19th of the present month all three were "aIng some refreshment" at the Shakspeae Tavern, when a difference rose, and Lawson left the house, the prisoner remaining behind with Mrs. Bannah. About halfpst 10 o'clock the ume night iLwson knocked at Ifri. annh's door. As no one came to open It he called to those within, when he heard a voice, which he ecogized as the prisoner's, threaten to' "shoot him i a e stood there.' LAwson then walked to the opposite side of the street, and when he hbd got close to the shop of Mr. White he heard Mrs. Hannah's door open, and imiedtely there was a report of a pistol shot, anZ several shots or slugs struck and broke Mr. White's window, but no further injury was done. Lawson's hat was also struck. At the same instant prisoner was seen on Mrs. Hannah'g door step, and the door was then quickly cloed Witnesses were caUed, who proved the finding of a pistol in Mrs. Hannah's house a Few days before, and on Mr Hannah being called she admitted the pistol had been In her house, but denied it was there on tbe nlght In question, There was no evidenoe to show whether the pistol wax loaded with shot or slugs, nor was a pistol seen by any one. Mr. BrAcowEr having addremsed the jury, The learned JuDGE snmmed up, directing the jury not to convict the prisoner of so grave an offenoe if they thought the object of the prisoner was merely to frighten La%wson, orlif they thought the case was left in doubt as to the contents of the pistoL. The jury, after a short oonsultation, Acquottyd the priaoner. [1n the courseof this trial Mr. Sustice CxoispoN, in strongtermso,ommenteduponthe faot that the prisoner had been commiLted fortriul siuce the assizes began with. ut an y depositio*s from lthe itne sses having been taken, obeevin tht I wa "clcuate toprejudlice a prisoner seriously, and that the committng magistrate had neglected a duty mposed on himn by thelawin sSending a person to train such *hurryvwithout hainnthed---'os rpe3 Thomas Borthwick, a guard in the employ of the NorthEastern Raulway Company, was indicted for stealing two parcmls frora truel nuer his charge, severally on the 18th of May and the 27th of June last. The Hon. A. Liddell and Mr. B. BIaokburn prosecuted; Mr. Davison defendled the prisoner. On the 18th of MAy lat a parcel containing 32 8ilk dreses was sent by rail from Messr. arshall and Snelgrove, silk meroers, London, to Mr. Watson, a draper in New*stle,. Two of the dresses were brocaded Lyons silk of unusual patterns. The dreses did not suit Mr. Watson and were returned to Messrs. Marhall and Snelgro The box conining them was put iu a trunk, and dispatched from Newcastle by a train under charge of the prisoner. The box s shown to have been delivered in London, but on being unpacked the two dresses of unusud patterns were uIing. rrisoner and his wife lived in New. castle in the same house a a tness named Welch, a sister. in-law of the prisoner, and another witness named Nixon spoke to seelng the two dresses In a room in Weleh'w hou b shortl after they were lost. In the month of June Welc pawned one of the dresses at the shop of a person named Wilson, in Newcastle. The other dress was foutnd by a police-officer at Morpeth, lnthe houseof another dster-in-law of the prisoner. The prlsoner, when taken into custody, denied the chare, and said he had bought the dresses from a smuggler. The second part of the charge against the prisoner was, that he stole a velvet mantle from a parcel sent by Mr. Nicholson, of Melrose, directed to MessrsJ Leaf and Co., London. The parcel was shown to have arrived at Newcastlo on the 27th of June, and was there placed in a truck forming part of a train under charge of the risoner. Thetruckinwnhichthe parcel wasplacedarrlved In due course at ing's-cross, but on being unloaded the parcel was missIng. he mantle was shown to have been pawned at Wilson's by Welch, the same person who pawned the dress. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, and he was sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment with hard labour. nthi case als there were no depositions, which brought forth strong remarks both from 7r. Justice Crompton and llr. Dason, the prisoner's counsel. The Court adjourned at half-past 8 o'clock til Saturday morning, when the on case remaining, a charge of arson,
iWrLITARY AND NA VAL IN TELLIGBLYCE. The steamnship Australaslan, Captain Seoales, saileafrom Plymouth Sound yesterday morning for Madras. She has In all 23 offi^ers, 403 rank and file, one womoan, and three chsildren. The baggage of the 69th Regimient, 25 tons, va3 embarked at Plymouth under charZe of Lieutenant Gildea, with 30 men, of whom 12 returned to barr%cks, there nol being sufficient accommodation for them on board. The 69th went to India rid Suez. The Australasiau is appointed to call at St. Vincent's and at the Cape of Good fIope, The season being unpropitlous, she will not touch at the Mauntius unless absolutely necessary. Lieutenant-Colonel Kirkland, who bas been authorized to e abody 1000 mnen as the second battalion of the 5th Foot, has succeeded in raising upwards of 800 recruits, and It is expected that the battalion will be complete in a short timuo, volunteers coming in briskly on account of the extra bouaty pail on attestation. Eor hMajestys steamer Sharpshooter has gone out of harbour to Spithead, preparatory to sailing for her destination (coast of Africa). Her Majesty's steamer Geyser sailed for Devonport, to be paid offiinto ordinary, on Thursday. At au early hour yesterday morning an accident oocurred in Chatham Dockyard which is likely to cause some delay in the execution of the large works now being carried on at that establishment for the enlargement of the old docks and the construction of the neow tidal basina. During Thursday night one of the pumps became useless, the conse(quence of which was that the water b-gan flowing into the works at the rate of about six tuns per minute, flooding the excavations and doing a great deal of misobief. Yesterday a number of men were busUy engaged repairing the tomporary engines, and hopes were ertertained of the pumps being set to work last night, in order that the excavations unight be cleared, so as to enable the men to resume work on Monday morning. The Racoon, 21, serew steamer, Capt'in J. A. Paynter, fitting for sea at Chatham, has taken a considerable quantity of her sea stores on board, and is be;ng rigged in order to be soade ready for sailing with all despateh. The Cuckso, 3, steamer, wvhich has been paid off out of comnuission at Chatham, is moored alongside the llesolate Arctic discovery ship, waiting to be taken into dock for the purpose of having the injuries caused by the late accident made good. THE MIILITIA. The West Norfolk MIlitia left Norwich on Wednesday afternoon for the north of England. The regiment, wbich is upwards of 600 strong, is divided into three parties, Lieutenant-Colonel Custance proceeding with three companies to Chester; Major Bedingfeld, with tbree other companies, to Liverpool; and CaptainI Marsham, with two companies, to Stockport. The hcad.quarters will be at Chester, and the depilt of the regiment will remain at Norwich. The Dutchman and Adonis steamers, vhich arrived at Portsmoush on Thursday morning for the embarcation of the 1st Surrey Militia (who arrived by rail from Richmond, Surrey), will convey that zegiment to Waterford on Tuesday next.
TEE AI-NuFACTu1uNG DISTRcIIs.-There is little or no improvement traceable in the accounts from the manufacturing districts this week, and the condition of some of them is even less satisfactory than it was some weeks ago. At Birmingbam the utmost quietness prevails in almost every branch of trade. The factors' orders have been getting smaller for sereral weeks past, and during the last few days a very limited number of orders has been given out. The faling off in the orders from the agricultural districts has begun to be now observable, while with the manufacturing districts there is scaroely any business doing. At Bradford several additionalffailures in the wool trade have been announced. A large open air machaug of operatives was held at the beginning of the week, but the opportune attendance and explanations of one or two leading manufaoturers had the effect of pacifying the workpeoplepresent. About 1,0001. had been subscribed for the purposes of relief, the distribution of which has since oommenced. At Belfast there is a considerable inorease of applicants for parochial relief. and it is computed tha' indopendentlyof the muslin weavers between 600 and 600 women and girls obtain assistance in this manner. At Carlisle hun. dreds of handloomweaversare reportedto bennemployed,and those who occasionally get employment have to submit to a further reduction in prices. Many of the factory hands are suffering great privations, and there is a marked increase In the numbers of women who go from door to door seeking almns, At Clitheroe the state of things is rather improving, there being now only oue mil that is not running full ti me AKt Chorley trade is said to beeon the whole decidedly worse; and the sufferings of the operatives are not exceeded by those of any other town in the country. At Halifax matters are still in a very unsatisfactory state, and only some of the smaller manufacturers have recomsmenced running abort time; but although numbers of people are unemployed the working population of Halifax are said to ho better off than those of other districts, and it has not yet been found necessary to open soup kitchens or adopt special measures of relief. At Liverpool more failures have occurred, and there is no improvement w hatever in thecondition of the humbler classes. At Leioester things are much the same as they were reported last week, and there is no material increase of distress. At Manchester the applicants for Poor-Law relief are still increasing. At Middlesborough, in the North `idinug of Yorkshire, a strong body of miners and puddlers who have been thrown out of employment by the contraction of operations in the iron trade nade a threatening demonstration in front of the mayors house, domanding "work or brcaj/? nUt the ohlef n sg itr*to succeeded In dispersing them for the time, and on a renewal of the demonstration a detaohsnent of military were summoned from York, vvhich zeasure effectually prevented any disturbance. At Middleton the distress amoag the operatives continues, but the state of trade appears to be rather better, for the mills generaUy are working fuUer hours. At Macclesfield there is no Improvement in the staple trade beyond a little more employment in one or two establishments. The number of rations served out from the soup kitonen is on the increase. At the north-east ports the shipping is said to be in a more depressed condition than it has ever been since the repeal of the corn and navigation laws. thippsg is generally slack at this period of the year, but this season, on account of the low freights, an immiane amount of tonnage is laid up, and consequently a grat number of seamen on shore are unemployed. These people, however, conduct themselves with exemplary patience. At Oldhamu the labouring population continue in a very depressed state, and the applicants for poor relief weekly increase. At 1'reston the working hours at tierils remain about tho ssme as last week, but a rather more gloomy feeling prevails owing to the prospeot of an extension of the hours of labour appeariag rather more remote. At Padiham, also, there is very little alteration in the time of running the mills. At Rochdale there have been symptoms ot a slight improvement in the Lotton trade in the outskirts of the town. The pressure on the parochial funds is stll], howvver, on the inorease, and In Wazdleworth there Is a larger Increase than before. At Rossendale distress is on the Increase, and the number of applicants for relief greatly augmented. At Stafford the staple trade is not under so much pressure as those of other places. There Is a good deal of stagnation in business, but this is expected to ba only transient. The coUiers on strike in South Staffordshire came to a resolution on Tuesdaylast to return to work on the folowing day, being satisfied that the recent reduction of their wages was owing solely to the teduced price of iron in the market. The colliers in North Staffordshire have not repeated the d:sturbances of last week, which are said to have been instigated by men from other counties, and appear willing to assent to the reduction of fid. per day in the wages. At Shefaeld there has been a litte more ermploymenta at some establishments, owing to its being Christmas week, but for the great majority of workmen there is no change for the better, The local faiires are unimportant. At Swansea the trade 9i the port is increasing. The North Shields' sailors held a meeting on Wednesday at which they determined to resist the reduction of their wages from 51. to 41 I0;. per voyage in the London coal trade, although many of them are already out of employment, and some suffering severe privations. The iron trade in Yorkshire continues extremiely depressed, and operations are confined to the narrowest possible limits, only a few establishments completing large orders are on fuU time. The coal trade is materially affected by the stagnation in manufActure.,, and the demand, usually goodat this season of the year, has greatly fallen off. Notice of a reduction of wages has generally been iven, but the abeatement has hithertobeen *;uietly submitted to. TliZ CONDF.MED COxICT :BwLx.-The execution of John William Beale for the murder of Cbarlotte Pugsley in Leigh-woods has been fixed for Tuesday, the 12th of January. On the prisoner's return to Wilton gaol after the trial the clothes which he had worn during the day were taken off, and he was attired in the prison garb. It bs reported on good authority that before the trial Beale made a statement to hisprofessioaal adviser admitting his guilt, but affirmrng that the two witnesses Hancock and Jackson, who Were canled to depose to having seen him in company with a wvoman in the vicinity of Nightingale-valley between 5 and 6 o'clock on the night of the murder, were mistaken; that the tragedy was not perpetrated for several honrs afterwards, an& that Mr. Rudd Lucas, the surgeon, was nearly correct when he stated his opinion that the body had not been dead much more than 24 hours when he saw it early on Saturday morn ing, the 12th of September, Beale has also negatived the suggesrian made on the part of the prosecution, that the knife mound in his butler's pantry at Daventry was the instru, ment wiih which the unfortunate girl's throat was cut. Bie says that the murder was completed with a razor, which haeafterwards threw away, and which must have escaped the search which was made In Leigh. woods for any articles calcu!ated to throw light upon the mystery with which the case was so long surrounded. FREEs.-Early yesterday morning a fire broke out on the premises of M*essr. Hughes and Co., tar workers and turpentine dealers, Rotherhithe, Ia spite of the exertions itsed by the firemen the still-houses and other build. ings and their contents were destroyed. The da,na:o is es6imated at 2,000. On Christamas eve the boilJin", known as the Bow Brewery, belonging to Mr. Edwin Mo'r. ton, caught fire, and the flames communicated to the iualthouses and the steam engine-houses. Tlhe total lo-s, it is ieared, will amount to 5,000l., but the premises are insurrid, A fire also happened on Christmas-eve on the premises of i)Mr. Widdicomab, paper-hanging factor, No. S35 Bath-street, St. Luke's. It commnenced In the second floor end extend ed quickly to the finishiug-rooms and warehouses, filed with valuable goods. The fliremen succeeded in extinguishing the flimes, bat not until the second floor andl finAihing-rooms were barned out and the rest of the stock in the stores considerably damaged. The premises of Mr. Charls Sinclair, No. 69. Old street, china and "lass merchgft, were also damaged. The sufferers werel nsasred. A tire li aes ae t5,k place at No.102, High- Holborn, belonging to Mr. fI. Levy, glass and china merchant, at whioh conPi'iemable damsge a-as done to the stock-in-'rado and premists, Several otbei fires also happencd during yesterday mPorriing ad eo prodous night.
THRE COLLISIOY Oy THE eOXFORD, WOR. CEST-R, AN1D IVOLVERH4MPVON BAILWIAY. With the exception of Mr. Corbett, of Stoke Prior, who, it will be reniembsred, snstained a fractuLre of one leg and injuries to the other, the sufferers from the colhiiou of the passenger trains on the Oxford, Worceater, and Wolver. ihmpton Rllaliway, near Charlbury, on Friday night, are all doina well. Mr. Corbett Is still very ilL An investigation into the circumstances attending the collision has been set on toot by the railway authorities this week at Worcester, and the statements of the officials employed on the two trains have been taken. Richard Hesketh, the driver of the express train, stated that when he left Oxford he had examined his engine and found it in proper working order. lie proceeded to Handborough, the junction with the Bleetchley line, where he had to wait about 20 minutes before the traia arrived from London. When they got within about two miles of Charlbury he found something was the matter with the engine, and whistled for the guard to put on the break, which he did, and the train was stopped. Cliffe, the guard, immediately came up and asked what was the matter, and Hesketh having looked told bim that he had " a cotter" short. Cliffe immediately went back along the line to stop the train which was folowing them at an interval of five minutes. It never struck him to tell the passengers to get out of tho carriages, because he considered the guard would get hack au time to stop the train. HE was under the engine whea the stoker called him to come out, as he heard the other train coming. He came out and tried to get oa his engine to start it, crppled as it was, but had not time to do so. Ho had stopped from two to three minutes before the collison took place; it certainly was not five minutes. Never found anything the matter with his engine untit he approached Charlbury. One carriage was thrown off the lIne besiles those which were broken up. George Neenan, the stoker of the same train, made a statement very similar to the driver's, adding that the time that elapsed between noticing that something was wrong with the engine and coming to a stand would not exceed a minute. In that time they would run more than 300 yards. They were going from 30 to 35 miles an hour, when the train stopped, and the guard ran back. Soon after he had gone wit-ness heard a train coming, and directly after the Lexplosion of a fog sgnal, and he called the driver out from under the engine. Did not detect any diminLtion in the speed of the coming train from the tiue he first heard it to the timo it ran into them. He noticed that the engine of the train which ran into them had the steam on. The engineman said the steam was on, but that the engine was reversed. When his own train (the express) came to a standstill It struck him that it would be safer to get the passeDgers out, but there was no time to do iL They had been standing two minutes when the traia ran into them. The concussion doubled up the iron footboard on which they stood. Cliffe, the guard of the express train, said, that when he first heard the whistle of the engine of his train he put the break on. Could not tell what speed they were going at for the reason that onaFriday nighthe always had agreat many newipaper parcels. He was sorting these when the whistle was sounded, and from the time that he heard the whistle to the stopasge of the train must have been less than a .-dnute. Whoen they stoppcd he took out three fog signals in his hand, and ran forward to ascertain what was the matter. The driver said when he asked him, "I don't know." Witness Raid, "Then I will go back," and he ran back as hard as he could. He had got about 250 yards when he heard the other train coming, and put a fog signal down and ran on again, if posible faster than before, but the train was on him in a moment. Ho shook his lamp and held It up higb. The train was runniug 25 mUes an hour at the least. The break was not then on, but was put on immediately afterwards. When his train stopped it did not strlke him to get out the passengers, as he took It for granted that the follow. ing train was five minutes off. The fact was one train had been rinning a great deal faster than the other. When he went to the driver on the stoppage he did not wait to hear wbat was amiss, but ran back instantly after the driver had said "* don't know." When he had run back aboub o0 yards he heard the sound of the approaching train. After the collision he ran back and put a lot of signals on the line. The statement that six or 10 minutes elapsed between the stoppage and the shock was inoorrect-it was not more than two minutes. He helped to get Er. Corbett out of the carriage, which was a geood deal shattered. Was inclined to think that the train followang them had gone a little faster than its proper speed, and his own train a little slower. Benjamin WVllshin, the driver of the ordinary train which followed the express, after corroborating the statements of tho otber parties as to the delay of 20 minutes whlch occurred at Handborongh, said, the speed at which the train travelled was about 30 miles an hour. He was about 450 yards distant when he first saw the red lights of the sta. tiGnary express train. He declared he had shut off his steam before he came to the fog signaL He had not then seen the guard at all, but had seen te lilghts of the standing train lefore he came to the fog signal. Thought he was going 14 miles an hour when he ran into the train. The rails were very wet and slippery. Was certain he was not running at 45 miles an hour. Between the time that heo first saw the lights of the standing train and the time of passing over the fog signal he did not see tbo guard nor lis lamp. HenryKaye, stokerof the sametraln, corroborated this, and stated that the express started fully five minutes before the ordinary train. He thought they were running 30 miles an hour when they saw the lights of the standing train, and had not been running that long. They had run faster on other nights than on this. If they had bad 50 yards further to go he did not think they would have done any danmage. ae vwas on tho tender, and leaped off just before the colliion took place; if he had not done so he should have been crui,vd, The tender was doubled up very mich by the shook. William Sherlock, the guard ofthe same train, said, that when the shock took place he was thrown down in his van and his watch stopped at 7 56. He was not hurt. He heard the whistle and put on the break ; and from the time that lio put on the break to the collision was under a minute. He thought the fog signal would be about 250 yards from the train. None of the passengers in his train appeared to be hurt. There were only nlne. They were travelling, he tbought, rather under than over their speed that nlght. Did not see the guard of the express or his light at all. Was in his break at the end of the train. The driver and stoker of both trains are for the present suspended from duty. A letter was received on Thursday by the rallway authorities at Worcester from Colonel Wynne, Government Inspector of Railways, announcing that he had been directed to institute an Inquiry into the cause of the collision. This wil not be open to the public.
THE AFRICuAN MAILS.-PLYNOUTxH Friday.-The Afiican Company's mail ste3mship Gambia, Com-mander i Tutt, wvith a full cargo of merchandsie, a small quantity of I specie, and 26 passengers, sailed yesterday for Madeira and the west coast of Africa. The next of the line home. ward, the Candace, Commander Bolt, is due ou tho 7th of January. The Ethiope, Commander Croft, Is probably at Sierra Leone, going down the coast. The first Cape mail packet, the Daue, which reached Table Bay on the 29th of OcAober, as announced in Vlie Times of Thursday, was ordered to be dctained until the 1st of December, to give the Cape Town colonists an opportunity of replying to letters brought by the second mail packet, the Celt, The Dane Is due at Plymouth on the 10th of January. TiiE PAupEBx LABOUBIBS AT PRxsToN.-The pressure of the crisis has become exoecdingly severe at Preston, and the amount of pauperism is now nearly as great as it was In the height of the panic of 1847. The test for the able-bodied adults who have been thrown upon the parish throaugh vrant of employment has proved nearly useless in practice, and the number of this class of adults who should perform out-door labour upon the 'door has been increased to upwards of 1,000; the other classes of cases amount to near 3 000, including upwards of 7,000 individnals-that is, the husband, wife, and children. The throng at the lUnion-offices in Saulstteet has become latterly so great that two relievirg officers with two assistants, and the extraneous aid of the more active guardians, havo been utterly unable to dispense the relief granted, although they bave been enga ed till a late hour every night. A conseaittee of the board, in order to obviate the pressure and facilitate the administration of the relief, proposed to pay the outdoor labourers every other day. This proposal caused a stroDg feeling among the men, and on Wednesday afternoon a serious disturbance took place, to sup. pre.s wbich the police were called In. The spacious yard and the avenues were completely choked up with the paupers, and the labourers were informed that they would not be paid then but on the following day, when they would receive their fuU allowance of money and meal. The crowd thereupon commenced vociferating that they would be paid every day, and hissing and hooting the guardians. The object of the step was explained to them, ut several of the more boisterous demanded to be told if they were to starve on the day when they did not receive their relief. Some deolared that they would be content if they might be paid two days beforehand; and at length the crowd attempted to force open the doors of the t- *o reliev. ing-offices. Expostulation3 were useless, every guardian who attempted to speak being hissed and groaned. At length Mr. Superintendent GibboDs and some of bis pole-officers were called to the place, but their exertions to suppress the commotion were useless, The feeling of the peo,le runnlng so high, and there bolug apprehensions of a serious rlot, it was resolved to pay the men; but in order to do this several of the guardians had to assist the officials, and they were engaged in the duty till very late at night. Unon being informed of the determination to pay them that day, the disaaected paupers became quiet; but two police-officers were left to guard the doors of the avenues against the pressure of the multitude. The attempt to postpone the adminlstration of the relief wlll not be renewed. The labourers on the Moor are engaged in levelling a large tract of country for the corporation of Preston. The guardians receive for the work 21d. per yard. In consequence of the disorder wbich exists among this class of naupers, and the small amount of work performed, the board have engaged six overlookers to superintend them and direct the operations. Before then the foremen were themselves paupers, and the labourers refused to obey them, considering them only on a level with themselves. Six superintendents havo been appointed. As a sign of the times we may mention tbat though the wages offered was only 12s. a-week each, there was 2S applications from clever men in the main. The parties appointed have been previously occupied as " gangers" in railway excavations. Fifty more wheelbarrows and 120 more spades have also beenprooured. The distress inthetownis fearfulto contemplate. Another rnill-that of Messrs. Slater-pnd Smith-has stopped entirely, while tbere is no a 4ndment in otlier establlshrLents. The soup kitchens4te stiU kept open, and a " bed. ding charity" has been insituted, in aid of wbich nearly -k004 has been subscrioed during the present week. It is a long time since there was sO flat a Christmes in Preston. MORE TIAXN A ChN{TENAP.IAN.-The liev. IThgh Totty, D.D., dies at Bath on the 21st ist., having attained the advanced age of 101 years. He had.held the rectory of. E chinpham, Sussexp for the long period of 64 years, I
NEGROES AND THE SLA VE TRADE. TO THE[ EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I do not join in the belief that the African Is our equal in brain or In heart; I do not think that the average negro cares for his liberty as much as an EngLeihman, or even as a serf-born Russian; and I believe that if we cam, In any fair way, possess ourselves of his services, we have an equal right to utilize them to our advantage as tae State has to drill and coerce a recruit who in a moment of intoxication bas accepted the Queen's shllliug, or as a shopkeeper to order about a boy whose parents had bound him over to an apprenticeship. I say an equal right, because if soldiers were abased and degraded by their profession, or if the duties of an apprentioe tended to make him a worthless member of society, it would be an iniquitous exercise of tyranny to take advantage of the position of these persone to their manifest inj ry. But when the soldier is taught self-respect, and is made into a nobler man than he could have become if left in his village, and if the apprentice is trained into a useful member of an industrious class, there can be no just complint of tyranny. These pe-sons are simply treated as children by their masters, and compelled to do what they dislike for their future good and for that of society at large. Therefore, Sir, I say, with regard to these negroes, if we can by any legitimate, or even quasi-legitimate means, possess ourselves of a right to their services, and if we can insure that our mastership shall elevate them, and not degrade them, by all means work them well; bnt In proportion as we cannot act favoarably upan them our interferenos becomes a curse to the Africans. It is often argued, " let us not be too curious about the antecedents of the negroes, who are collected by the native chiefs (of course for a ' consideration') as candidates for free emigration. Very likely they may be captured for this express purpose, bht what of that? Africans are always fighting, and have no notion of personal liberty, and if the conquerors choose to sell their prisoners instead of keeping them as slaves, why should we abstain from baying?" To this I reply that the disorganization induced In the whole of African society under the temptations of the slave trade is some. thing truly frightfuL We know, Sir, in our own coantry the effect of laws that give a premium to crime, and your columns have often denounced them. Raise the Customlouse tariff, and honeat fishermen turn into rafflianly smugglers; allowpeople to Insure their houses for more than they are worth, and what street would be secure from fire? The very buril clubs tempted mothers to raurder, The award of "head money" had effec', about which report was rife, upon our cruisers In the Malay waters. The railway mania tempted the respectable landowners of England to cheat corporate bodies without a qualm, and now the temptation of West Indian commerce seems sufficient to draw a section of Englishmen into the very vortex of an African slave trade. If, Sir, your readers will try to imagine themselves in a position where every fellow-creature is as a bank-note, whioh has only to be laid hold of and presented to one of the ever ready agents to be payable at sight, they will succeed in picturing to themselves the amwful disorganizatlon which must necessarily ensue-the wars for captives, the false accusations to obtain prisontrs the mutual suspicion of neighbours, and the abandonment of all teady labour for the lottery of slave catching. Most earnestly, therefore, do I deprecate an action on our part which, directly or indirectly, in the slightest degree would reintroduce a sale of negroes. The peaceful habits which have slowly been fostered among many African tribes would be swept away in a moment under the pressure of a temptation they were not strong enough to bear. What, then, is to be our course? I cannot believe that it is impossible for an African to enter our servlce In the colonies without being degraded like those ia Amerlca. Let thephilanthropist5 show how we can act justly towards our blacks when we get them. Now, as to how they are to be got. I do not at all think that adequnte attempts have ever been made to obtaia a free African Immigration. The number of recruits depend on the skUIl of the recruiting officer. WYe mnst ingratiate ourselves more with the African tribes generaUy. As it is, those a few days' journey from the coast knowv little or nothing of us. You are doubtless aware, Sir, that the generaUy spread belief concerning the whites is that they buy slaves in order to carry them across sea, and there to eat them, It will require time to disabuse the native minds of these kinds of notions, but I f ally believe it is to be done, and that by a consistent and judiclous political action we may make our service respected, if not actually sought after; and that by watching the turn of events and taking advan. tage of great national suffering, such as that the Caffres are now labouring under, we may succeed in deporting vast numbers of Africans to colonies where they wil do us good service, and in which we shall not have to reproach ourselves FRANCIS GALTON. II __5--_b - va -UWM 1 42, Rutland-gate.
THE MILDNESS OF PHE SEASON. TO TER EDITOB, OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It may aiob be miinteresing, as an evidenee of the mild weather, that I baveformd in one of the old-fashioned, mossy banked lanes, abont a mile distant from the village, a redbreast's nest, contaning four eggs. Sbould you deem it vorth aote ia your paper, you are at liberty to insert without LA. A -u AJOWU Un, otr, Yours, Chido, North WVales, Dec. 24.
THE PRIcE OF SLAVES.-The Savannah (Georgia) Republiean of December 5, says:-"A friend just from th Wup country informs us that at a sale of negroes that took place in Warrenton on Tuesday last, young and likely negro men brought fromn $1,200 to S1,500. A young womaan, about 1E ysears of age,fetched$1,50. The sale was made on a credit of 12 months, and the parohases made by parties not interested in the property." The Augusta Chronile says, "At Sparta, on Tuesday last, 41 negroes, beloDging to the estate of Thomas L. Wynn, late of Hancock county, were sold, averagiug 840 dollars each, fucluding old negroes, children, and inrfants. One man, 22 years old, a common field hand, sold for 1,500 dollars. The sales were on cash terms. In Wilkes county on the samo day lands brought Imuch higher prices than any one supposed they could pos. sibly command at the present time. The planter of the aSogth i e as wll to do in the world as he ever was, and even tdecline l cotton is insufficlent to drive him from his sense of security. He has been getting heavy prices fo; his crops and laylng up money for years past, and hc now |finds his brns and meat houses filled to overflowing.2r I Advertsement.]-Nolan's " History of India."--Jvin published, rert Ir. of an illustrated hileory of that countfro,hm the s.rllcat pariod to the eTseet tb3se, by the author of the" Wa1r agaloet Rum!&,The Mziotmtfloas wil be eagravod onL ateel expressly for tte WOrk~ end Will e3tmpdae portraitta, views of places, and ma?pis. Every asertion will be made to reader It an anthentio and poular racored of all that isimpo,rtanmttinthethistory ot ritishlndia~. The workwill be pnbliheod In parts at is. each, containinz two engravins uesn 40 pages of text. 1. may also be had in dtTisleo at k~. and will form wean eamolete twn hanudome royal octavo Yolum. ,odon, Jame S. VirtEe. City-road and Ivy-laoe. [A~.dvertisernent.]-Now ready, price 6d., Part L., New Series, of Cesceoll's liad-rated FaxnlPapr,av condistieg of 61 p2zes demy quarto, heeides the P'anoramic Map and Chronologic3l Rlebzg of Indz!. TOe wl5soe Js Ineloced in a handsome weapper. This par. conain se oenig haper ofJ. . mit'snew Tale, " SmIles and 2~ ~r," ad of slixSlowes ne dozs~tie Tale, u"lac"atiso of ~i, Pnoraic Mp an Rn.I ofCar~li'aIlRetr%tsvd Farnily Pans, ~' rIe rIc ofli. Ielriv. wlldew, n se ;h I1 January, Beyrms .htpete~th puec f te bap nt be d. L'igona
SALIS BY AUOTION. Kinilset ~-aren-'iae.Jewllrsmuad Watobee M2fESS EIENAHttAM,Teowsotp S and SON will y at 11, GOLD OH&iN,odal sllvei wiie, table and antel lo3kg, slicer spoon; forksa wamter Pinrsmo bea aolud cofesr8 e,daodi~boue ii n stwdandother valublesf Oavlsw. XlngstFreot, Coyei t gasden.-5 Bolts of Oainvcs, Clothas, Doceklna Eiik, Vevt,, Atii-.e, Court SuIits a 6j>octave Coi tago Planoforts byi 1If335SRS. Dl:BE7N4A aTPR nd SON w"1 M R. ABRAHAMS w iloELL on AU UON, v. irsthat 1, ms] ot o1f O1tldLLknd- Uc EW EOT8.F viembe at V,l',F60cw2beaVd ,GAnM dSIaso yny e eairood, ta eomtt Pland eiin Collap*r-a8plntid (fThrnoe' ad Pir %iausandsm toa murit ddsWth oap sit tbeodo he out 1tealdeuc ~Eme fpmW tjt e reon -' tandsa.5th teleeeor,s n iteahtgrunea haho ea eslotde catr an la'.a.as h st ftepi sleo In0banoery.-"Nalob v. BrSU-aubeFehl "dn,j stabling gres ~e,aduilg.d erteGma is. ibott ILn,A N1~~J~RTON, OGGART, and TRIST' uduoit ffe forSIL atthe Mart, so Wedneny. t. NUof T.aooary, at 1. I on lot pusuat t an order CsC the Court ofE Chan0ecy, soad,. irsth ao, cuse avaualeTREEHOLD) ESTATE, sItuate at Veil. wead In he aria ofOsoucall, near, Bontah Halsasto, Eaut,c tfuyl hig rol fne hedin t Faraham, dee and a-half mUles V.o th3 ~ar.beoeg sItin, treereles from the CaLmp a,t Aldershoth, ao2L. onemil an a alffrm the Fleet pond ttatio o the BDUtll-Westero Railay, Or.sstln Of abhtmnlatsIll.built delahet2On residences, oeatj,a-_ tn~,firt foor ios bOlhd goonsg, dressing roomn, and WAtOr'cloe,t; gronnd door Entrance hail two drawing rooms, diing room, librarg. aud houseskeeperroo~m: basement, hitchen wahhbocae larder, wtnec. beer, and coal cellars, with good supply ot water, two o9aph-horize!, 'V-salusable, Freeoldleaose.&o Aa 3a Tnbl Plot f fluld Gon,havin aec rftg othg ord to ArLsa atd ant1sos-r T" sstsgOto dlsalra,etnig oQensrsl ntero.T ehiey Ion tho spirthe EST&TA avaurhoo Valuable sruhod and Tih-reEtas ad redeemo,staed Ineaco th M onyofLetenMwey nteut of oLeloeterg. a an osists Nof T~,HO3A anduc TRS6 T- earlyuI th acrlrtes ofuefulH arbl laUBTnd RiTAtersao wvabLe pat'r tAhold aud Trodu-free arpry latindtalo redeemes, 3situate onth A45paieroNeerrnuxlb Brlgtnd areap Oldo verly, bontasiermiles frmPTh'e theconty patofl, yb Leroper daug, an d abo te13 ante fromlb N aotnhalm. roen nthebotdr ofij the V ieal te-,onhe ofutvi,I lr xednlay,u cmanctn and cosist Yofu tnd Jacksohkuseaxwitret f-bukildingfs,J an, Ballout land acresno. usfldgairy nanbd aothe latd ithe Grsetd it.- plwbattIn, andth peroducthg,Fatrthe presen low etals, an Income N74thpr annughto Th Ieat are &capaleof ,,rt aonad o umb Nobn meet,particuadTrl, by.Ol ruor dtraiae, atnd l tEncantgoldeynh m Valabeseohiprenret,Ma ho iewdhandpadiclaskn hltad M hovera recengvad Iackston;oEfextreetr StAnd f11.3, hInwrya the Gpen a ou arges theForth vluantel Notnhm io INGtLtN BD.htu ladtxrdeustat~bo the Auso ar;adou sieer, NoftonElosdgbot.3 and T rom. 2 Old Broo-street, RoaEcan g iI.e,s itpsC Valabe Frea,Wsehol anidin LNd,rnoWethem RH rw-rays Tand WIfemta bt.pieon Cou; n2a sriour OfPdintn ThAESSES. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST! LVJ-hvereceived instructions to offer ftrSAe atbthe vart.bl sarptIn th mceer o AE abot t arso vher valu ably nte PR Eping n B otLDuINGleAthD,boenb~d-baDredeeoedsltuatoosr dogbyovthcaide of.Marrw beoawd about ickeutp arom PafrA-ticlrshot handatIthneas distnc ron, teirlatro1t WeiteHrt Pad YortH-Wester Raiwys, Rthe oan liese to- area or exuteniougoud. o forbith genpler f amebuildgpupseo A ln gteet, architect and s.rveyor,t16, qiebr.pasonler h. M ebas Masber otThoms an ioltlaBeg, solicitors, Gloommercn I tte9r;and lot PIIet lae n War otn oggart., andITTr st, 6 1,udro~Srot OldEcane RoyaExcange.-Cptlc,__ S~lg mYa ESSUS. NORO,HGAT and TRIST AL.have reelveo eEsteuotors to erteaveai'offeFr for nnlethowolohoulhopeviorlypooleab prtvateontyrdactmao be viwed y tllret, andpartculas sh rtlhad a te Wand Lastuion Bristol WhiteHart cut YorkHouse otesnoh ofMpetelhesth, ".. 17dbrft.u 6ie 'auseeraersroombnleas,nw M ESSUS. F~ORU Ttchn,HOudART, eo:anyda eTRiootio haeceie nth iuctiondsfro th ExLecuer t lo oftfed four; dr and pARoSeHill hastb locality,domndtucion xse andm dhlighExeutovies of the su 11,rronin.outy mandW wiLthi fiv miles, ot theciety.nMat.ithe re dsci etaly oft2dD prnial TrBJanduecnary bed catm12,i todr,ealot, FRoom, holD PROomRT, teatele lart Henreao nc-hall dainin rofm Sit. 6.urbyc17 RaIte. 8 ousteepr room,t Buoalear'spantry witrong clst, fewvinuel hal, oitethe. ran -l nweay siato nm pest ofaUices ofahu Narsib uPolse Resrtho asndghe andjosnint water; g detacherd form garaldben, ln ooese og lot double croach-hours wahhenhie, twod sfr-m RI"ant cons 3ow hois nd St.piegery, dairy,coret-yrd, frotade toghtfe and toxtenie plenagueeoiud laid tot Ina lawn andlm shubexorwalks wihJroucie tlhe gaisn.us thel prpertainnu toylo the maurntl stuof .....tea ThMayhaer maiehaed &mmdpricuats powstscond.1tMay hof vilewe obtarnds oat and particulte remssorl ba at the parinl; andx of Mane,essrs. Ns5,eMsra.t Handoc Prnt, 82a,Ol soas.trot 2, Tokeai. bouse. ~ ~ ~ Rsugae R. MARSH has receive Instructions ftom tSEL M byExeCuTIOrsof the laemrs.oSmarte toeSB& ykAoflarlin at oire AI uctorF t h iyo ono.o hrday, January 7 at 12, inonlo,aesme E%EODPO oneRlT, a oFiEBaprlDg ROPtaRtY,l b sitkat at Hwerenbso InSho-, panPreish eof S ithLaur tanc,Rseao, cnd thos revnd tO soadeltait, Oan withines prewminues walk 0n the ocuatiloa of ihsandar buleat,cnitaing fthe poruoh aol Beetr.hof )perand thre andonn th ousteis, lethyd and.1 gardn amntmbed upose- vluabl for aa temof the high fromd fhrodm is1 t339a pr sunud.tay b.5erviwe,und plarbticuar.withdcnditrios. ofsale,it obdtaionedat the.rt oWe n the premieres; at the pclnrt; lIn a.F.Lt k BnEgase;soMessors. Cupakad bpola oe lllersqar, 20. Toea;a.- atoMre-Bar;auds atfi Mr2. Mbars' ies ,Calott e-row, MManlon Pemn--aorco'-re,Fias lIR. MIARSH has receld entutions to SELLk riLby AUCTION1, at the MArt, opposite the Bank of Rngland, om Tharpdy Jan, 8, 7 at 12 Odo Ini one lot, alosirbl LEA SEHLI B-. HOLRTOY; T osnrsomparubeaugforb odr brick-buil welnghu, Shp, Parso~assen, Tuban; nd a rick-uilt otaget (the rea.TheS buPar ofe p oresesae inteocpto fteoedr u siae to ouc areut.l oF Liiranmannd thREY crottg in letatcl~ bertannu ,ihelupo `less".fur atemo.ft75nears froSUChrbstmas Monda. Jatuaground sot 12 t5ne flounre lotdayPJ of slew-ped,TenSparinlai,ewith condintuion ofg sale,bained ng the porsemiof; atteMacI;ra at Mers. Str ustofc, 2,( t harlotte-rw : Matinho ugie re i, o 0 hos or. w.wt MARSH cha ec%lerved instutohnstrokeld valvs. oonde br,ar ULTIOt, atd :Sthe Mastrt.op.yfrsit gs the R tkoftEnland,ong ThurAsday Jaonbeary 7,at 12 tonslock,pinbceo lot,lloengitLeASE'o HOLD8 ?Of te daitg comprDeisigfurdmodeestm b frick-hotlo ell enint-gorat,Nor. haei,gI 8,andm6, Stengasne'e-ro-4(dthv.erwiselS Janreds-the wreiatiBueAoar-roftebatd,eBrpnAonfiseyscapble of sold.nn trentl amour-li fuc batoswper anum,-heod cupoes.sTe eoruetermaof ba veMaay be iewed,andprtculalrs,ewit renaleditosrof sale, ob alarast thboe turstieedat tpe Mat;oftMessrs.Hand,ockhandSrarp, solicitor:, 20, Tofk.eJ,nous-ard anEa, M,Idre' officea wgntRs, Charlte-sou, MC;an- t IoraSR. FiUerLdL,so,RV-1"te-saee e insr,te an onduh elfatnetugsurighzttioa nginbes. insuc6f oatsi,by Messrs-Mutlo.gandearlytcompleted;s lthe, eunkie lar pequalta 1. hoe3rse power engch, with2inh Oonyhhliners, aO-eo stoe elid valves. condensher, Daipump, a nd buglveutot-iron ramhings;v. thew tlwih and cs ice,nrbeingrabesd 10 tn Tloea work birsalb niil copr~nies;o h daig and smt'atoelfications h siaefrtosn letln01th or atternsun Irrepetivug ofther eixing amounbs Tiewe2o, Toar engne arefrotm th te daesg ofb LaneminerIn mtenionee.n titre material, sabd onthe wprkeas ariea ;ofth hea Jobsoecrl tlonAlso, wnill ho, sold, bvl owred t n toe. by audo bepcam order, eanae desripiv paUr-iculars wil h-rAd; 1 days prior tlo hersals, fa U and,wt de to viet we. ma ho land fP Cahnes capeLa Offical assignee, DBasttballrstre, Bg.C.;antd lplieto Erande' Machinis otai, Mlwihs n tes NIR.R BERTS.FUL ER an willSELr,are histRuOted, IondG,eanulalbry 1u 1h8,and f,ollMownday, Dat 23, at the fort-12n d40neltron) Works,capsbd rvvoad Mil we-end in loats, 3 wihu rsre ir s DUp egueror ey. A UEI &E oant onTOOLS of and engieerfctorMy, I tcthisutby Smith ecoclo, sand-Tno,adOhrerns aes selfo-yII auacturdingoplni Fungmhinue. t tk in rebepert eLy1 cnRe.efatn suO In inR thEI with SEft. ate hine Rooms.2-n an Groeh efactN1ing sboareet-rottl lats-I& 6and 181. bed, atw1 or6 pbrelfelycTHREg ela'eg,atteran-murslths foot lathe powrn~ef actisngandriolln damaskrn, threet walldriellng curacines -ose hni chpresst uresoatnexengine wthcabnt,cntrhbier, cr,annewli-hors trAblzs. t0 eathro hn -flostasanewnbuglertigmachineere, talnew tobo: xugwinu, crirclarslaw ench, hew-lase, stltols,dixg pair7hand stoCks irh l Op lihrery nvouiefurse.fnufatwore,ltowcksrand flls, four fornige r nd eu lcu,mrtits and smtith'srtosland1 teronsrodhwihandkbardiron, shauoan w~Eomo 8 pdeetal idos,a10 cwit.hlaltsandluts, sixck- cart and shear50p frera. grnidtnges,l1 fuanttby5h oonbeausegplan,batAewort,alage tab'1.Sesot motof pbai ihotternsed nmeosother endfects. T be vIrewed ona hi Saor soas pen siou otre,sl itnner wachions,akery linraryioni.Ctaloguos mae osadkon the ompsleoe;pof P.rJohns on,t q officalpalsibede, Bis=.ing haII'strua i arn d of-l Mearre, FullerinanturHomey. T-dorter rabian1 and Caps. apia Sede3a,ug tacinnsk,adyrscoppers fgrnrstur a-a Imprplemtentsboald nvewnlor effacd es,ee' wrrbawhp gairsdoftousrs, c uerneyurl and cogin La'ttolsirta and effecsts.d Maty I-e vieer!n tshis viewead caogun b ad . tlRusb Seupneriorly -hn'acurd ouebod FrnIture, 6 Cabinet Flnn, tre3 byrgeiman, Sawefes, Dr11h nbesdentl Candellyer f-China ui Ornaeo. MESSRS. 0BULLOCRKIDwill SELL, attheisr Greag sutmco ad gld dmas, tasety an vev,t urtinc lbs, anlontri ottoman so s~~~~~~~~~uite, exesv abntoete,cr,aduv d ais teaco ad orfoio tad n uhmaqusers,toipoo,mol r g oi, T COolour 1Manufcurers and Capitslishs,U-Wanrswortla Snrer. nOOTH anlld SON have received instructoins frorm " tha DirctIrs of the -Eectri Po rwer Ligbt and Colour Oomn;ianu Limited) to ACELLTb &UCION, at the Auction Hart, on Thur;lay es 3i, at 12. In one los, the LE&SE and GOODWILL of thoe vea o estensive WA.TER-SIDE PREMISEs, occupying a large plot or, ground. wlth houpes for the manufcture of colours and chymincis txtemvve theda stores, laboratory, engine-houte, and shbling, to> tothor with all the vAlnable plant, mbluery. fixtures and utentl4, horse and waggons, vrhich have been erScted and =pu -bs&3 at a O0elderable Cost; also will be Included In the purche, tbh Pateent fir theElecth Power Lkht aU the property of the above eoupaur, sitnate at Frogmore-lane, Wandswrrth, the purchbser to take thle whole of the ztuW's of colonrs and chanSlela at a valuation. The 1- miSre may viewed a days prior to sae, Printedp" D ulrslarsht%oef B. G, Rornidge, Frq., EsUcitor 11, Adamn4tree, Adelphi; and of Booth and SoD. r uctouneer, 21, u ndge-row, c ity. Salvage froin rire.-To Gocers, Chomolate ManoLacturers, Ojlce Roate,e Deales in Iron and Machinery, ihe--coed Coitere, and others, ESSRS. C. and H. WHTEI wiU SELL by AUC- M on the Premises. tbe Patent Coffee and Ohoc3en Ste m ..lle, Poetor st,-t- Bus-street, iborte..n Weineasda-, ber i0, Ill2 for I o'oloc6 prel.ely, tre 8SAVAGE from She !ate firs. Ms4y b, view,ed one da prior and morning of sle Oatalogues to be had on tIe premises, endof the nuet_oncers, 1 EO, Prnoes-roasi, L aabeth, S. StereosooDlt Grnups rand iewnSteeecopot,St s, end Photogr4P`hic MR. J, 0. STEVENS wUi SELL by AUC rION, a athis Great Room, 3i King dtreet, Corenu-gauen, on Wzlnrrday, 10th De elruer.at 12 precisely, D very suporior oollect!on o' tbet azore tueneaoced &sTl0LThs.belg the stock of a whole aleledaler.Tre3 will coprio e every variety of subject, and iantruments by tile tiret m,?ers. This sale will elspstlly meet the reqlurrauentot Fbhiaear and dealerswho arelaying In stock foe the neow year, rad Ws') Ior private buyers oaY ha boviewed on the day prior a-d morning of sale .nd catalogues bait, Salvage Linendrap y. &c -Haokneyrroad, 1M[R. SITOtAVE wal SELL by AUCTION, orn uk 1Monday, Des, 28, at 12 precisely, on the PrenrIso, No, St and 25. Londao.tcrraee, Hackney-road, near Ooldsml0th'sw thel BAlVJAsIE STO0CK of OR&ERYV saved from the lte dires " shove comprisig the usual assortment ci drapDery gOood, a few lobs od pr oery, hoSiery, Se May ho viewedR morring ofsl e; ado catalg D e of the auctioneer, at hrs sooma t an ooffies , Iea rsU treet~~~~~~al
