DEATHS. O the4thJuly, at gheampoeonte G ge ot de by bthAwrebel,whe peirsonalyeetint hIsef to extzirale the stranded boa cotaiingpar ofrueNutr~,Ur Garrison, Lieut. Johzn Robert Simpson, 10th oer. Beaa N.r, youngest son ot the ldat Colonel John S3impson, RJ.O.8, Yrom wounds received in the taking of DeM, or the 14th 59tember lieut, Ruben FoPkln Hoern Y, 17%h Bengal Natve infantry and Adjutt ofthe 4th Punjieub m ifles, eldest son of the late Robert Shodden qoinraY, Esq.. and ganson of the latw Sir J1 ecemlsh hem. iory, Knight, GldmorganShlre. At Deoghur, on the9th Oct., killed by the mutineersof his own Regi. nient. 325 BN.B. Henry Caurlte Astley, fourth son of Sir ArtUey Ialton Ooopet, mart., ot Gacebr edlge, klerte. At Delhi. on the U1th Ocak, of woond receiVed at the Cashmere Gate, PPhii Ifueled, Lisut. Bengal Englne thtird son of the Rev. Rtobert eltkeld, o ffNoutmell Mamna, Dorset, in~ t 37th year of hIs age On the tbh A t, 1857, on board teb Lord raglan n hir g ftron Calcutta to land, Augustus Henry uecke, E sq. aged ia tour Wuo of the late lIe,. B. NV. BuIke, Hormer of e the oounty of Suffolk. aud late of otuns, Moore, Wet. On the 8th Sop., at hselbourue, in his 20th year, edward dAily, eldest son of the late William CAve, Xsri,, of Brencry, Glocestershire* On the 16th Woy., at P..ro, Portugal, In his0ta h 59 ear, Matthew U uoward, E lq., ecnd Wo of the late liar. Thomta Heoet , rect of Hosgeston, Bucks, and of Buttering PAart, Norfolk. On Tuesday, the 17th Nov.. at his reIdenoe, 4, Georgeatst. Doroun rot, Wlialm 0liver Cr kIlAnrasrer N, late Actaury . Naval a3 Bank, Agent totthe k. N. Bud MilItR Band ., L Le Assurance Co., sOi Seetary to the ROSSl Naval Benevolent Societiy at tils poti. On 21st Nov., at 1i, Danet-terroce, apham.rouad James Paul, Eq. et Bath (late ol Oalcutta, dteply and desevdly regretted by htis afec- lonate widow. On the 23th Nor.. c rapid delone, after a fewlly aouX, Roghr Catoline, daughter of t th lace Rev. S. Butler. a illes, On the 2bth Nov., at Tunbri,rX-we L1 to the great grdef of hig famiy, I,. Aaron Bett, aged 6, roepected by all who knew him. On the 25th Nov., *t MOawe Hampton, near Clmeester, Mr. Win. Void, late of Beckluaton, In his B od year. On the 26th Nov at bd s restdenue, Cnord Cottage, the Grove, aI&Dhamn-'oari, Davl Budden, PEsq., In his 67th year. On the 27th Not., at Chelteham, Belibeth May, only daughter of the late Samuel fiuirhes, MA.s. M.D., formerly of Hereford, aged 58. OnvthaNre 2 thov at Greeanwiht M Elizabeth arrrleo, thformerly of Gretv Totham,naex aged 6 On the 2 hth Nov.. a .t his resdence, 52 Gower-sko8, Bedfouqwotwer ?rw*m wIit6carshi -Iq., Q.O., Benehert Gra-vaVa.imIxzg1sgnvj of Joint-Blook CompDanies, in the 8stt Jewr of hisa age. on L1e 20th Nov.. at 10, Lower Phillimore.plaHe, KeniDgion, Flzabath Maria, reict ot the late Pranos A. dortr, e-q, Oil Satuday last, the 28th Novr, MIs France Curteis Willihams, roqzth daughter of theA late PAT. Owe~n Williams6 B.D . Oxon and one Of the nearest relaUTive of the late Jeremiah Curteis, k., Wouden 31oas., Tenterden. On1 the 211th Nov., at his residence, Diabasm Houec, Ludlow, Johna Thomas, FAq., In his 67th year. On tha 29th Nov., at Pan, in Francs, aged 31. Arthur, th yroungeu gon of Mgr. Thamas Knight, of Edmonton, Middlesex, On the 20th Nov., at St. Leonard'e.on.ses, mary, widow of the late Very Rev. WIlhian Bucklawd, D.D., Dean of Weetminster, age 60. On the 20th Nov., Hfewr. Wheeler, req., of Mill Oourt, lampeihire, nzthe80&h year of kw am on. the 30th Nov., at her brothee's resIdence, at Clwer, Mine Mary Ann Ingallion, aged 63. On Monday last, at Torqtuay. Waria Bradford, the youngest daughter of the late Wmlam Titchener. Brq., ot Culontester, aged 30. On 30th Nov., at 23. Royal.clrcus, Edinburgh Mfliesut Grace Alexs,ndrina, daughter of the Rev. V. G. Faltbfull aged two years and -aeve months. On the lit Inst. at his reeldenre the Lord Chambewlain's Offilce,Bt .7ames's Palace lRorrsa. filton SkoDonald, Peq., Comptroller Ia tue l,ord Chamberlains Department. On the Ist inst., at 2, Canton-place, South Lambeth, Wx. Frederick Bragg, In his 26th yetar. on the let int., SamL John Borebdeld of 1. West Bnlthfld, n 2a~ Perk-place, GIravueend, Kent, aged 4, * l, n On the ist inst.. at EElifeld, ifAmpstra%A Mrsf. Chick-, for nearly 51 yeasthe Wtfaclul and attmAhed servant of Mr. and iSir. Bail George On the lit Inst., at WInchfteld Rectory, Frederic, the Infsnt mon of ]Jev. C. P. SeyMoUAr. On Tuesday, the let Inst.. at his reel4enoe, Dartmeuthx House, St. Jamaes'-park. Charles itindley,EAsq., aged it, wuno during 22 oonti. nuoua years baarepreweeted AMhton-unider-Lync In Parliament. on the let inst.. akt No. S. Queen's-parade, Bath, PrancooeslUtz Jane, youngeat and last survivIng chuld of Htenry Coairy, Esq., formerly of the Ist Dragoon Guards, and the) beloved nlece of Mrm Wilder, of Carlton Rectory, C6ambrldgeasirle, In the 15th year ot hec age. his andelates f the pecent ir T. D Asianhe East on the 2d inst., In the 634 year of his age, Mfr. Henry oilington, of No.3, Edatrad.etreet, E*at Grecaurlch, Kent. on the 24 inst., at his residence, Rowley Lodge, Paddington, Benjamin Kington Pinnlimore, Eeq., In his 63th year.
WASEHING WANTED, by a respectable womsan. oi ood dv3sug ground, sud plenty of water. Addreas J. IL, Fpe. WAb±lING WANTED, by aa exPerienCed LU * * dree, vho tkoroughly understands ber business in aU Iti. bnch. Good drying around, SlenWtul supply of water. S,all t__ 9d. a dozen, otlhers equaIlY moderate. Add AEL 14 OP(Teot;agmaLtmar,ngrOK d.IfOtting-bhll~. AdesA 1 ASl HING.-WANTE1 , b. a renpeotable, aauW drew, one or two familie WAI alae oe for the work a good PuOly of water, and a good dryg pound. OAon b bighly reoomu mde Direct Mutu Day, 10, Brnenaiey. esngtoo, -rBrk. A tHt.Nu WAN T O or tud famline'l iUyylb WASHINU WraNTED, by6n and exerenced lauind relss wls~ ber own conveyac titSieto adt olu n etn noto lineW. Addres Re. SlowlE', 2, Addlingwoo-stree,r ee B etet,belrse. Al OVERNE$Y.-A OOV oB .lady, of muc experience ,.Xln tuitize tulilon, desirer a RB 5 B5 ENT befose .or alter (irist. ina~ ineIscometnt o ioptia torughiflelsheducation, with innae.T ren (qired on te cntineat) mudio QdrawiYn. onee sati 1 OVZdeeE Sa.- Iady, muchl accustomfed to tuitionE G wishe for An ENG.AGEMENT with a familly going to Pari. Btaidre beigt ble to imyart a sn-wd English education. eme in perfeot mater of the French and German aniguages, has a good knowledge of Italian, Spanish, and Latin and can inhstGct in um i it required. Peticen,e. of the hIghost order given and requlr6de Addresst oIt, bookseller, Oumen'e-terae 8, Johin'a-wood. PA lY and MOR-NNG lGOVERlqE, a lady , of much .xp rien.e In nstrctIon desires a E.R-GAGSCg 'P. ec aCqiEment. are-.EugljadYgenerally, with writing atnd arithmeti. etoh (aXqTired OIn Pavrt), msic, ndther rerdiients of German. Encelent t eerenoes. Termsconlokdeatge.eralhI., Spaldines librar, iORNING or AVIS(T-IWG GOVERNE-SB--A Lv.French lady. experiencoed In tuition, giver LESSoNS to juvenile An adult PUPIX in hler own lnguage and oerman. an Ight . monils gtven Addrs A. 3. Colo, staUioner, Wsteourne-Vro,e Barswater. MORNfliG VEri~ends ofGOSS-.A leyman, about Ic a ly wh been fGOoVERNESS tohis d*ughters. She vonl4 In tnglish, o tmugic drawing taian, and Frenoc, having reelded avera matar, In Earls. ddresa Rev.A. R. B., 26, Queeu'a-tesraoe, BRyae. w^-ater. cit. to4aS e tee.dde JZ,48 &UR.SBRY GOVERN~EISS.-A young ld c Acutomed to tuition, deeres a RhRENGAGEXTs . D ha quiremtet are Engliah Firench, and uauslo. Good referenes cau be gtiven. Addrs IL C., ZAt and Sonla nopaper-offioe, 24 Eboyskeet, Piiall0. S PBOR GERMAN GOVERNESS to cildGUAGES and LITERATURE.-A lady fromu Hanover kFr iotevn.wohsexperience In tuition, seeks an ENGAGEMRkT; the tsh.Egish n It. vados branches, Georman, French acquired In Faris,mnai d rudiments of allw.-CD.,24.Old Cavendih-stroee t, INGIG mind PIANO0.-A laSdy,O R3a4 Acd-em1i oeln, cgrat experience In the tewcing of eobools and fainllee, and adopting te unequaled methods at her tate sneete, OvevuLt and Bxto Pere2, Is oven to further EINGAGEMENTS. Term. mioderat Addrs B. 0., 6 Bedford-lace, Rensinkto. B B e TESSON6 in MODERN HISTORY, L wd eIth English and foreign literatur by a lWay. PDupil aboe f A petferred iberal.tesnrs expected. Address B. D,, Hatchrd'4 187, A'O SCHOOLS.-A ad of ii te inme, woihema Al to ENTER a SOHOO were her series wOuld be onuldered equal toher board. Shbecoutldsasirt generallyInxa .chooL,-A. B.,213, 0zlrdingtoa-eteet, RegentVe.park. NWO GUINEkS i per QUARTER.-PTw S-Lesonsa T Week, Siingngly, Piano, or Firench. (oonverstloually and gaia kiaVy).-Ai expesenoed lady (an acompled planiste) w for ONM eadditiona PupL. Highest ternenoes topeseentpupus. Locality Inmuaterial. Addies, Mile. itortenre, 13,.Parkaistees, tJaidentownl NRE Friends to ~bWiODff a YO G LD y ar anxious to fA obtaInanENGA GEMELNT for her in a school, where she would hav th oportnit ofreceiving inatrettlon In music, undera good Haster. She is cosperteu to assst generally In the routine ofschool dTies, and also to superintendthe practce of thefuils. Sahyre. iDrdw b accodnto avant offered. H rem J.Z Z 48, qlO PARISIAN POSd othr LADY wibhes to ietwtanENGAGEME-NT in a famIly, for the Cbristmas olyay, ethr .GOVXRBNRi8 or OOMtPANION. Addres A, B., Timr'slibary ii, t. Jarree-eteet. Brighton. desires an EGAGE NTaDAY A GOVEIRNES In the vicinity of Coiea Her uimmente are Frnh nnl,draiwing, and Italian. AddresApa 3, Albert-terrace, Queen-stret Chelsea. A-YOUNG LADYwish~esto o~btain a -SITUA~TION -L 8 t asMORNING or AFTERNOON GOVERNESS to children under12 years ofage, haelethoroughly competent to instruct.weilin Enslish, music,endadrawing, with the rudimentsoof rench. The vicinityoftBcompto preferred. Address A.ZB,13, ydney-street, Fu. bam-road. Brompton Ta E UOvEBN.ilisSES' INSTITUFTIOW~34,So~ho- u11 gqare-MrL.WA(GEOIK, who baasdden many yearsabrc,, geUBi Invites thesattentionxof the nobilitygetry, and pj)nipal of schools toher REGISTER of ENGIMH&an&yRy oGN,GyVBR NA8ES, Tmehoerr,C0mnpeou.,Tfors.and koeseore Bchoolpropertp k1finsred mad pupils iuteodrosed in England, Irnuce, and Germajiy. A Mfiddle-aged WiowLA Yatiecheul and XXdomnesticated having lately metwhsme arlrs,m. for an ENGAGE&iENT asCO LNOtaad,o oaair the suserintndenoe of domnestic acrngmtsran nyOhrcapacity suited to the, poaitionx of a gentiewom.AdrsB.GB, care of Mr. C;oppin, taker, 2, Holloway-place, AJA I sanxious to RECOMMEAND a Penson she Caknown some time either a. OOMPANIJN anid H!', BEKEEpER incnsqENceofth death ofrh Gentlman. h Is quick at ele Sork musd wuldbehappycto maken hbderseclfousefu.Hs hadmmuch itexpenhlerdeinminegr Nonedbuagoodweoder. Agivei B.mo., t Tretegance drseearto Mil-n. P .Pdofc.Cad A rlay pWA tEDb hiarlyriespectableen, whawgeo Ah uto undertandt makEIng childRSEn' clothhes, trmmng, a. a an2 haoidreceing. onpee hut rhose who cienandgv reqcletrlrne A. B.. 2W, Wasner-etreet Old Kent-road. REPKR S aeIANT,o Inai layreutieng an atendsn,may iert wipthyatmdl-gd rswr town.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ; I E 8 T - C L A S S L A D I E S' N U R S E ,- M rs , EA R . A'BRRharinRli~o~~ frm herlateresidence, for eards of old,and o asi-bIn huseold ork Appl ge,tontalle at e3 Yorkplae, Tornon-eathCrydon orby bettr satinglexperIeknce wages, ko.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~oageer ha wrl NJURSE.-WANTED in~~~~t a Jewish family aepro a bbyfrm te onh.andhae lNg TErsonil chrater,tatewl hearthe tricest vDtget lon Onept Wacustome utouta Jewishfmil prefrred Unernuse kpt.Apply atonet 3,, 14w ne owereae,nSoth 5)nalow-squnrremuneraptoe fL ENERT SERT A NTH y9ld WeaNtED,l inA prRt '%tately profitable, racily acqsuired. and also an pleranicot ot 07=nis reedents may reder it, very lucratlive Isrutos Ln warded. Letters only to M, C. F., library, Lelgh:Bt.,Buonrec jt E T andt Y.GENTtd -ung~ ~, toi execute, at their O"n resdences, the new. earn, and atsi tr lately exhibited Inthe NewYork and ParisExhmtons,and nowbeing exhibitedIn the Oryetaat'alaoe. The work is extensivel usedforevr unefvl and domestic purpose, wand euperreding a well-k3Ononptte article. Those who engae win receive constant empoymnentf,"tth moat liberal prices, A small pteinjuin rquIred. Refuerencsrquire,~ Early application Ins necessary, A, prospectus sent by Post for four stamps.Apply, Irom 10cm 6,atTLAwiens show rooms, 24, Oharlotte. street. Fttrroy-., nea-r Totteohairn.court-rd. The sritauight by lttmr ~1NWO SERV NTS WANTE-a good Plain Cook, .Lfron25 tO 10 years of age,arida &Housemaid, whOinust bea9good nleedliewoinn, and able to clean Plato anid mait at' tAble. Aprlal New Bond-street. No ne without a good town character neesd appl`y,27 mo mddleagedWlDO~ ad otherv--WANTBED .1. throuh HUSEaedPAlLOU MAD. Wager 13 toA£16, wit evrrttngfoud. rit orappy, hisday and to-morrow, from 'TO CNFEOTOi~RSPaatrcooks, &c.IANXT. ED, ra ighy rspetabe i-mgperon,a 1TUATION a. SHu'WOifapg,in n etabishentin he bov lie,or In any other hi usiess Th bet rfernreglvn. ddrss 8.,Ai,York.ehreet, yougwsoman), a SITUATIO In aligt an cpecab'etradn. Havinig served Isbkr,so o ~RANSATIO;5 of DOCUMENITS, ~Lettes, &c., ianinongliah, French. Latin. and German, unadrsaken by haresGwo, 3, tahope-strest, Hninpatea,y.ro,d, fOSC OOLIS i O N-A exerienced TU-TOR LoffershlSSERVgOI alter 2 pm. dal, o board or equivalent,- UIOR.Aliteray gcntemrs,olf long Vexperience c, lte shola of he U IerIly of Berlin, is open to knoaludge ofmodern anti teracure. Hih tenti- I' £xuij~ nd. PAi1O.-A gentleman, b?y A brthandeduaton, desixee an APpo]NTkMcNT In the family of nolenanorconroner. to READ withand PREPARE a YOUNG GENTEMA forthelaw orarmy. Forsahome coloatible withbhis peahon, mal remnertIon reilulsed. UnMexetionable referenco,, Addrss Dnham llrnai ati'a library, KesigonW. Tr~UTOR.A gentleen, memer of Oxor, wishes A for dditinal EPLOY 5 ENT.Clasere,itheritmizs, Freanch, Ger man , drawtag,and a scat-class Bis l ucation, Apply to ML. A., at thre, eWt. lancle Cowr-antreet, vefr ,d. expense. 6rivtei oher B, WblrOd1. N.B. Free of A GRADUAT of OXO RD,:Fu S bcoa fhsCl .3 lre, wo otail0ned a ns-la.sIn cTl°assioer inte Exmnto e- fore nqeated 'secodliceuSal xarlts.C, I des aR RENAIMNTa anl)N Us't I olmn,o gentlemn family Highest e tr Groseo-lc, ah ee ces given A desB , VRNC an.-A Graduate Of S French University author of several highly recominended books, wises enagd AddSressMd..69 itWesMET8 conrbYay enDra few hou dis to make some al dittonal ENGAGEMENTS havinr b a fewhom di. engaged. Afidrees B. B.. tO, Weet etmore.grve Paddi-ton. CLERK or COLLECTOR.W! N J)K (o b rewectable youn3g zman,aSITUATION. above.een R er gedaractere fom lait eplo)y. Salary rnot We muh an objec as employment. dddress W. II , Petat-odee, 63, mnlgh -Ftreet, Borou h. CIOURIER Or TRAVELLING SERVA9_P.,S..sg ~/well acquainted with thte continental habits. Can give Dersonal charter, Direct to AL., 41, Great Ilarrlebeleontcre Cvendisth. square. (lOERECT ACCOUNTS.-lcunedwiate ASSIST. ' ANCE zendersd in town er countr7 by abn exerlencd Lodn accountant aig iDe hooG. or ml 8r Oid count,. Teins imsct moderate'. either by contract or day work. Ad. dro's Cainbiet, 1, B3ridge-streei, Weetinism-rr. f-OMMISSION TRAVELLERtS (o lcig NJ- WANTED~ haing conxo mn ilg,gocr ot X00M&rshrnsinaers, L smakes aF0eili a nrocenStl atented, Is of ueircaatr n otsatrtk the Iced. Apply to JaineHmhradC. 1,LrInra,Suh Wark, beforelO or aftr WJOOLENDRAPEit~.-A highly, reispectable bu-siTV essyoug mn uli e rpento m EG&EMENT In the abov derctmnt, cr heis Ja,ua.i-.Addecsa. A., Dnat-Offies, Oundie, NOrthaceptourhisoe. GROCERSs PORTER WANTED, who~~ ~~ sa9oo A.rundola~ke an ca seve ecalonlly abut 0 ers lge 1|IFZ ASSURANCE AGENTS REQUIRED, for. I.Ian eetablisbed compatny. To pert!ous of energy a liberalxemuneslo il e . Apply by letrto P.1. Q, mea,r,. Nelsoc ja; WAZiTICD. a SITUATIONi,byartieot exrerleecs In a,gricu.tu,e.. Address W. J.. 833,Petar UT;&-MIsEit W TIP for :Dt t O ford and Camer' bridge Universio Clb. P2lDDrae Candidates axe to p esnd treit aPpcatons And tesrmoral, addreus" to the Secrtary, at the Ciubhotuee. No one under 0or above 45 years of age need .Q 0F A TWA PED, iu thea187bb trad;7'a black up, and wil'lrgto mike iml goes1 Mustu beAblPO letter, with refere.oee, to S. Luham, 3, Victor!"tret, I8olborn. It/i to Wcoomo!f1frO II-MEO7_jjANTED, for aslefldde an sailing ahWye for Australia and India. Premium moderate r auoyage or term AppSturut algo Wauied: areaalm ZI£ to J!IOA wageIn p one. ply hAp1toW. utherl%nd,I 3, lt.Benet-Paet TONItON LETTER-The editor of a first-class 2i.rovlncla newspaper, abZ-t to remove to London, will be hE yrs to henme XTaO'OLIAN CRltZPONDEgp Tfor any~ reaPi,table oornl. AdywaZ. Y X.,cure of messrs. Cay aud, SI2lrk UtMpLOYMET WAIITED, by a young mand L ged 6, ho has been in Australia slore he lelS pkhooln aDis ilng CIOffee houe Ludgae- feshgettsbnai d ylse to ma}ea himself useful in anr positIon where energy, nteirity. mad respecbt'aby.oy e of seruies. Wriea well and baa a knowledge of bookkeeping. S-ourIdven to anDy amount. Addrea F. S, Loadon JUNIOB OLERKS WANTED., in a brokee' offlce and be act e aLndtdsrlous in tber habits. W be required todo outo0doorbudneNs Apply otpald stingfull lt are and salary required4 to P.. Ml Aessrs SmIth, ICide, ad Co.'s pOcnbIl lWEDIAL.-WANTED£, young Al"i, toW dis- pme me at aaurgeons, in the Olapham-rewd, from lel X54a1i Apply b' letter to ., care of Mr. Meadway. buteber, ClDapscMoad. E!liDICAL ASSISTANT.-A gentleman, tet.,35S .s open to a BEE NGAGMENT to dtDienDe, or dispebe and vist. Address.S. T, 12,Gr2geroa, Camden-town. MEDIOAL.-W AIATED,a legally qualified GlEN- TlBMAN, I neralarItce at the eat end of Loddou 10 v6it and dIpense. Ap byletter=Olyto R., xenn ou-pc 'Upper Kenuington.Iane, , EDICAL.-A medicl firm, ill extensive practce In the suberba of London (nortbh with preehbli and otber ape potntmente, has a VAOANOY for a wel-educAtcl. youth, as PUexu for three or five ;ear PremSlm may be paid by instalments. Adlres, pW-paid, J.R.CI, Mewr Prestons 94. Smlthileld-hara. experienced ACCOUNTANT desires anE. A G-AGETH' tetmporfry or othberwl Addreas A. Z.J, Marylebon"etreet, Go3dan4quare, W. PUPIs orforahgeDtlemns ntobhoezdaudlodoge. }ormorD 1 doRNPA480 B Mr. HattfeWs. bookleler. LBat Dereb tn, Norfolkr. CLERK;, arespeetable young Man, aged 24 year. A Fit celsserefereno andcahsecurity unabe gren. D to A. C. Y.. 9. Hatobara-park, New-crose. A GENTLEMAN, who ha been ome time int a ood XLhouse of busineweadI elaqane ihteru~sI darous of a RE-NG GEMWeT. Mr.drees J; F r 3EeNek1's bookseller, ear Downham.road, Klngludrad. A N ARCHIITECT and 8 547OREQUIRES as nOU-DOOB EL5!IOED PUPL l;ubla offloe. Addreas W9 Pariament-areeft AE PPRETiCE WANTED, by a surgeen and pn a retell wament Premium A CCOUNTS OOLLEOTE3.--To Wholesak House; .C:k Wine hMercbants, and others.-AOCOUNTS COLLFEOTI upon eommislonorotherwise, and oseolt offered.-J. EL, care of Mrt. Rawil, tailor. 24. Great St. Hdele', ni opagate-etreet. A(GENTLEa, of active habits. nd conversant with Several ountinenta languagee, who ha been Lu business mal ga oth athone and abroad Is deslrous of ab suitable gW -AG T.Addets I. H. W., lLr. 0. HL lay general advep. tleetodl, 26, Lombard-street. A N OFFJOER, of the disbanded Irish Revenue deadpttn 5laSD me oftrge6,ewelt edtucated. and of prepossessng peane. AddaeuLL L, Mec Intos' lstItutIon, Sooth-plce e3yeSa Godi: chaac e.Stersory easn o evings lauxbest ba on Adrss . 1. Crown.stceleot, SeaSvoor-lane, Heamm A USTRALLA.-A re eotable youth, aged 19, £~L wshes or anENGAGMESfTwith a gentlemnan purposIng to entr te frmig lneIn (or with a colonial fainter about to eaten to) Auatalior ew ealnd.Paetaae, de. found, Salary of litte oh. jec. Adres . A, 17.Shoe-lane. YIe_el-reet, RC. FRENCH GE:NTLEMA, thoroughly converA sat wih fenchlawsandcustms,deires to mneet with an NGAGIENT ImmedIately, ina house buane, to sonduct the corespndece,kee th boks orIn ny imIarcavaclty. Good references. Address to h.. dbe 1'orqnet. 14. Tavlstosk.street, Strand. AUC6T1ONEE1S' ATICLED CLERKS WAT. EDg.-A ctty wel weed carrin o a eeni and varied bune,have a Y for a welleducat Y H Premium £100. Letters tobeadecdt ..,r.Ms de. thIng aeent. M8. lombard,sret rsWLha, Wilts euttr a ssholedale or lreztl os eOr6mdBd eec A GENTLEMA wihelre to RSECOODMDND ae Ck BUTlB IS?. r IN-DOOR ZIIEIIIANT, a most honeet ober cliiiL and respectable man, who perfectly underetanda hishbusines in au ite beanehee. Age 30. Apply toG, CE 0., OEeQ. Arthur's OClub, t. JTamfet s. Very respectable well cennec ted YG)t ANG l sitgoobuieehaiteandcjitOfQ about £2 w ould be la t SseE i hsOe enu eluotFeconcern, where Bi EB, VICES would be requtIste. His character will bear the stritest in'rstlgatton. Address, in the fsit Instance, pt. U., poet-office, Tempie- iU'.flE ineA.-A YOUTH, desirous oi goin to SE, X (who must be suitably catfitlt\ rsy apply On siondy anD Tuesday next,between6ana7p.m at7 i U Oldnmrch-oadnthe Green Dragon, Stepney. TlIRUST ana REiSPONSIBILITY, in an hotel or I.otherwise.-The advertiser Is relInqubishng the rontrol of a dint. rate hotel, enddeies a YX-ENGAGEtEBNT. He is 30, has had much exprence and isearnestandieveing .ThebhIbest referencsobr secrity if required. Addresas G, 22, Southampton-row, Xurel-q. trRIAVELLERS WAN'TED, for town and country, . in the fancy and HerUn wool lIne; those only need apply, woo have a ounexton. anwngst the retall hoaes and can give most satisfactoryreferenoes and ecurity. Amswers to this will be entertained onay which give full address of applisaut and former employer.. .h, Msesm IlIman and Son. 21. rIttle Birtain, rE HE PRESS.-To Proprietors nd Editorsao Lo- don an4 ProvInCal Papers, ac.-A gentleman of considerable experience athome and abroad as a viriter for the metropolitan press, at present engaged as a reilewer on the staff of a leading Londen lIterar jurnal. is oDen to an 1ENGAGEMENT as DRAtAkTLO aud nUS ICL CRITIC. or to fornish weekly summarIes of metropolitan news, &l. The asdvertiser has esided much abad ham acted s foreIo corepondent to a London paper, and in thovoWgl acquainted with the French language and literature. Terms very moderate, and ksghest teicrenceesgivtn, Addres A. B limpton'es library, 68 Great Eumell street, Bbloornhnury. f3\O TEA DEERS' ASSITTs.-WTjV .LaM NAGER,frabaceablhnet Apply to ide. ~ Stevenson. SI. North-street.glrlhrn. TO IRONfiONGERS.-WTFa, A ITNT, of excellent chrceanably.Apypr onally or by letter to Mr. Ellis,8 , ueete, C eaede rrlOGROUIAS, &;c.-WANTED,byayoungman n ,LSIUATION a5 IOODCOUNTEPCMAX. The sonntrYP1e. ferred. Addrees A. B3.,Mr. Fuller's 104, FleeWttreet,E.CO. r?Io CHkMIdbTS and DRUGGISTS.AX-WTED byO i th aEbe oyo man, ofsidx 3years' experience a 8BIPUA~ In rhespcable youneAgea yaReference undeniable. Address A. M., 2, M11 an-place, AIe?ora ow, W.O. ~T°O WATCHMAKERS, JeWellers, &o.-WAXTED, . -byalItdclassworkman of thorough usines habits, a SITUJA TdON Ee WATOHMAHE.L Has been asatomeed to best werk only. Address A. Z., West end news rooms, 76, Strand, W.C. ro EGRAVBS OnlWOO OD-ASITA-T to Mr.R B. Uttin5 eym yolluegeegziereet noQrth, CmO^den TowTn. Also vacancy for a 1'p~ IT1O COAL MEOAiTS and Otherg.- WANTED .3. by a respecable youngm>n e ITVAT1ONaW&IrCLERK or Clerk and Co leo.Adress . . P York uta e,Sheherd's-busb. IdnO TS 1OENGROOIERIN DnRh5l}AUGSIHTSMJST.5 r.[ o others.-WAN T~~~~bld,>bya byUTo, a a e ompctbnt PERSO,a IToAmak bIg drawings, end alate qohhltl ilfroum othe same.Ares statln y;tlool Adr term,. t.B., peoet - oB.c, WIr B DDYent.l ru o BII'EWIARSand othOERx. WANT ED1 aut aCE SU, AuIOn ea,sIoOnaRrial ° ANT t eitheTr,ofthe e aove. rCaeo hvoi Aesst ood. ctar DBir ect tolA. Da, poent, LoJwe FI'O M ROBAEZI113 and otheA.-LWA RNR AI L,NT tl .L TUATrespetIable m o *re lo a SiITUA'O a StII4 g aIsrbl na, t godaonaeza brauth sho. irouhadtnldeal cu experIne andl boon ao- mubrcit al metsoa U bi ouneroandu f aiy trad tdri abrefeAt Darra wefere . AX, ress tn A. i11, AIr. ln , baker near tho 1alt-Qay House, OldmKent-road. qualnteu with tbe nolthhourroo ahtnd tho prlnslsii houese ofbissO Apply to A . ., e obt-otuoe. Voor h-atreet, Sr . hn 's-woad, If XIAISYAtE BOOT and E3ROVEA'K1CfT-A firlst-raltie shopman. ued to Loridon trAde, with SeD ,ea1W4rita raeter, naed 1O. is desirous of a SITUATOlOiQn town or cos;y, .,r would manego a busaines, and, it necessary give tooad securi*y. 1l,i an may be egreoeL-Yoat paid to A. B., b3, lBorwlelrtrest, Ozf.Oc rT ° O A MERIS.-A lady .wishcs to i'LACE hor SON, a south of 17, weUl eduaoted, IntellIenut, and trout worth who has had tome exDorlonoo of the buLItnsw, witb , respecta=2e farmer, for twoormore vea, u ordor to gaina moreo lntm k now. ledge of the fArming buauie=s, in oxchsngo for whlob lila services And a smallpromiutum ouldbegiven. Address prepad, toA, I,4 4, King's. square. Goeweli-road. rU1O CONTRACTORS, Buildore, rnd othors.--A .L practical man with many years' experioee. eeks au ENGO&Gr. ME5T asLiCAD GEtCEIAND orFOREMAN of WOltK8. Isusedlo aU kindsof building operations, and would bo foundu4f erwvloo ooher as director at .b, or in tho couning-bhousaseb tookeobper or draughts. man, ac. Sober, steady, and mnethodlral habiob. uown or ooun,ity Addre a A, P. C.. 1, Nonh Rent-terrace, Wo oloai h. r 0 GIt FRS, Wholesatile 4an;d Retail.-The advor .tlser, ayoung man. age 26. is desirous of meetlrg wi5th EM&PLOY. N:, in the above ino, sBTltVery Lling, WalohorOematn, or ournberman, or to tatke rhe management of a brautoh retell busSrness hbo~ rouhlmu nerd.stan t ,ambld creders adSb6even yars resfrence ;ron late templand. IreandB C, au, Yo-tllrldrisgOen Weto RePRENI-aek zorpestTo MAN UFAYTtbEERS and others of CAlBINsET Hanings,Yo Dalamaskapply- commercial tr`avelibrar, hain aQdemst-ors race, CamdeUn-road Vfllas, Oelden-rown_ D PAREN S fdotD&C.-A chymsa t is in immedlrnte TWAgerafte th fisted itwyears.n ALcoetorabehome 12 neeMl A Ad-est dres B ,. T ., pot9lo, Uppe JoIg.tceel, w lopmsu
BAILWAY;AND MINIG SHARES. Wadaeeday lEvenlag. The rilwayn-market opened with renewed depression, but afterwards rallied in sympathy wit.the funds. London and North-Western, South-Western, and Midland, especially the. latter, improved - o the other hand, Caledonian, Sheffield, and Lancashire and Yorkshire closed at a fractional decline. Canadian shares show no important alteratiop, and there was increased weakness in some of the smaller descriptions of Indian. French generally dva.nced,. except Southern of France; Great Luxembourg and Antwerp and Rotterdam were also better. American securities were active, and the late rise was fully mnaintained; New York Erie were especially.firm. In mines North Wheal Baset, WheaalEdwrrd, and Cobre Copper receded on sles; United Mexican, however, were in demand, and marked loi. higher. Joint-stock banks were steady, and an improvemeint occurred in London and Westminster and Australasia. In miscellaneous securities the only imnortant variation was an advance in Canada Land. ORDINARY SIMBU& A"D awotR
RAILWAY INTELLIGBNOE. NEW YORK AND BERIE. A meeting of bondholders in thisi railway Nomp%ny was held yesterday at the London Tavern tO Teceive a report from tho committee appointed on the l8th .of November last; MSr. R. Campbel in the. chair. The report stted that the difficulties of the oompanyiiad arisen from the directors havlng been compelled, in order to secure A cortion of the floatingdebt, togiveto Mr. D. Drew, ot New York, a mortgage for the sunu of $1,800,000 with:a full power of sale, which extenaded over the entire lie, with all its franchiees and zolling stook. The oommittee Xt&to they are assured that so long as the lUortgage in question remains under Mr. Drew's control it id in friendly hands; but it is not to he conoealed tbat, owing to the present presgure for money in New York, it is possible Mr. Drew may be compeUed at any moment, by cirouinitance over which he has no control, to exercise At once the power of sale contained in his mortgage, an aet which =ight oblite. rate not only the bonds represented but the whole of the shsre capital of the corporatioi. The position of the company is therefore Alarming, ad it is consequently of the first importance that All parties intereated in tie bonri and shar capitl thus menaced with extinctione lhold use every effort to extricate the company from the critical postion in which it now stands. With this view the dirzctora in New York have' issaed proposals for a loan payaAble balf in cash or coupons due prior to the 31st of Oc. tober, 1858, and the other half in unrecured bonds; of 1D2, 1871, or 1875. The loeq in question it is pro to secure by a mortgage beering 7 per cent, interest. their investigation the committeo found that much mis. conception exists intbh minds of bondholders regarding the traffic of the line and-the etal podtion of their property, which many of them appear to have been Induoed to believe had become actually valuelew. The line extends over 498 miles of road, andl may be called the Loiedon azid .ovr49. Wester of Anerica6. Itoommands the hiefacto the Port of New York from Iake Erie and the Western country, the produce of which can reach the se faor export bya no other unbroken. rpute, and the frelghtg6e of wlich mnst always eoestitute to the line a never. failng sourc of revenue-.' The total cost, of the road amounts tD 15,120. e mile, or A tota of $37,800,000, of which $13,(0000 consist of mortgage debt, $1U,800,000 Unsecred Lbonds, $2,000,000 floating debt, and $1100000 shAr capital. The traffi has steadily progresscd from the opening of the line. The receiptz for the fort year, ending September, 1851. amotuied to 2Z359,870 ; ending September, 185Z to $8,537,706; ending term erefr 1 to $4,318,962; ending 1854, to $5,359,958; ending 1855, to 5 c488993r- asd for the year endin ep tember, 15 to hr349,0. For the latter year tnhe r4eBtp1ee amounted to $3,200,000, while, deducted from the hse ra ings (16,349,050), left $3,149,00x net earningsL a.Un I n from tben-et earninigs the interest ontih, bpnded debt. the rentofthe UnionRaiway, atd the ntorster on the floating debt, together equal Jo $1,900,(000 it appear, there was a net surplus of $1246,000 On the yese's operation, which was 7 a pIdend 'a the rate of II per cent. on the share capitaLe The roets of the Eriell Way maY therefore be smid to be eniourtgigx and they Ppea.r the more so *hen contrasted with the position of nighbourin, and anaRloyous undertakings, The eooamndex state that te present earnings of the railway ar about 1,200,0001. per annum, or 2,P,0l. per mitle. Deducting from this sum 1,501. per mie for working expenses, being 56 per cent, of the receipts, leaves a net result of 1,050. per mile, equa to 7 per cent. on the oDst of thewhole road, and Yt theO bonds now stood in the market at from 20 to 50 per cent. discount, and the shares of thn omrpany were helling at 2. 1a. for a 20gi share, The bondholders would perceive that the traffe of the line doubled itself in the first two yearise d hd already trebe itself in the sixth year from its opening. The vid o extent of country which depends entirely on the Erie Railway was daily adding to Jt popau lation, and thus year bynear lncreasng its wealth and extending its ctltivation. the present, chairman of the eosPn anticipatedthat theo untagof the Long DockTermliaus at New York whic add irteust $1,000,000 so the Annual rae ceipts. It is Intended to finish thibvery extensve work out ofte monyo now sought to be raised after liquidation of Mr. Drew's maortgae. The Long Dock wil permit large trading veiSel, drawing 20 feet of water and Inasuring 1,50 tons and upwards, to load produce from the nilWAY trucks, and thus not only add to the traffic of the line, but secure it against al future aggressive oompetition. The inters of the comPanY in the Long Dock Terminus wind be comPrised exclusively in the morage issed tolprsIn thie new loan, and, in the opinion o the committee, it eads most materially to the security now offered by the ompany to the snbetrbo to the newloa, The committhe beavecome to the conclusion that thesecurity therailwayroi era uae niably ample to over theamountvor the bon dsoAfwe as those advances which the directors consider requiste to extricate it from itg Presnt difficulties; and theY recommend that every exertion be made on theeprt of the bondholders to take up a proportion Of the loan" corresponding to their respeStive interests in the bonded debt of the company. in makingd this recommendation the committee comment lu severe terms on the reprthensible Practie which permits American railway nansgers to Ishe acceptances antd execute Ortgages without consulting their shareholders. In this instance the reslt of this vicious Proceeding has jeopardied the existence of the company, by the creation of a floating debt, to secure which the directors have be-en compelled by the necesities of the ti.mes to give a mortgage Wit h Summary power of sale over the whole of the company's property, which, if acted on at the present momndt, would undoubtedly extinguish both the bonded debt as mell As tho share capital. In the Prent chaiman (Mr. Charles Mtoran) and his asociates the committee believe the interests of the undertimng ha&v been confided to ns keeping. .f Thoe CecureAR, In moving the adoption of the report id the position of the company had been so fully sat by the8 comm-ittee that he need not occupy their time *ith mrny observations. There could be no doubt that it the interest of every one concernedl to extricate the perty frm th postion in -which it now stood, withsa w tO setAblish it on a soundta. It wath neeesaryto e $6,00,000 for that purpose, half in Ouetain bonds o eoupoois, and half in cash, To comPlete necessary Works, and to extinguis Mr. Drew's bond. He had no doubt that sbine of those who would not take uP the new bonds whent appued to would come rushing for them when, too late. It would he useless to.mak. representations tolthe directors in America unless they were backed up with money. They could thei demand that the open bonds should bhscured by a fifth mortgage, andl that no farthe liabilpties be incured without their consnt. Mr. LkscH thought the houdlholeam should have Avoc in the management of the company, as they were deeply intereete in its, success. Mr. sAusonS wished to know the amount of the new bonds that had been subscribed through the exertions of the cormmittee. It would b A loss of time, unesos they. It a sfficient sum. If Parties interested would not saubci{be some other plau must he adopted. Unlsw the bondholders came fOrward liberally their coupons would not be patrld Thoe CoAMf state that the sum of $1,500,000cee d been subscribed inAinerica, and about$V5%0,o0 inx England., Mr. Moran was at presnt visiting bondholders in runce andl Germany with a view to explain martters and oban subceriptions to the new loan. Aftler some1 further observAtions on the nooeity of ever one subscribing without delay, the reort of the committee Ws unanimously adoptae P Resolutions were pased requestLng the covmmittee to solicit And receive subscriptions ior the proposed new loan, and to openana 1o4twith the recakofEngn fuinthd joint names of Messrs CAMPbsll De Balis, And Gowran, and authoriLing the sommittei to enter Into negotiations With hthe directors in New York, and toe sakuchL arrangeMents dn maybe necessary to soeure the property. M. PAulSONS and por. CrsoWny had very confadene in th the result if the bondholders would subscie the requisite amount. A vote of thankl to the chairman closed the proceedings, CORK, BLAcKROCK, AND pApSSGE. The half-yearly mee of thiscompany was hel on Mona ah rdt Cork tvnge onof tehis COMhe wiecos held on Mond at Cork, a9aMr. HE Hardy ion the chair. The report stated that An inceae of 3811. Wma howe in the recoipts as compaed with the corresponding period of last year, and an increas of 4281. in the exuenses. This Pad isen PrincipaLY from a portion of the outlay on the Douglas viaduct being included in the workingeeps expesof the haLlf-year. The total amount expandedoan thlitZs4 . ture durig the half-year was 8371., of which 4701. had been charged to capital, 1401. to the depreciation fuLnd, and 2271. to revenue. The disposable balance amounted to 3,0341., 'out of which the diretors recommended the payment of a dividend of 8s. per share, free of inoome-tax, beafing athe bale of 4 per cent, per annu, leavingna balac of 67., exclusive of 169!, for unpaid dividend Thu CUAItiIIA?r, in moving the a6doption of the report, Mongratulited the proprietors on the inrcras of 381!. in:the traoi during the at half-yeAr, and he wished he ciluld hiave congratulatedi em on an increased dividend; but the increasd charges, soma of which could not recur for many cars to caem reventod it. There wa a aaco P,3! 0ce crdit o1rvenue, ont of which the directors asieda vth f80'ta Rromnrto for their gast servnccs. d If the etn voted that sum it woul be employ ,as1 sushreooevotedto0them had been, Inpromoting'the Interests of the comipany There would then renaiu 3,0341., out of which thed diectors reoommend the same divi dend that had been paid for the three past half-yearsnamely, Ss. pr share, free of inoome.tasz, leaving a, balance of 6071. for the next year. hlr. ALL seconde the motion for the adoption of the re rt, and it was carried. ihe dividend was declared, and after some conversation the meeting separted. XILARWEY JUNCTION. The half-yearly meeting of this Company was held on Saturday in Dublin, Mr. Haughton in the chair. The Secretars read the report, which stated that during the half. ear t ere had been a falling-off in the receipts for passengers of 1971., and an increase of 712n1 in goods traffle, leaving a clear increase of 5151 over the correspoid. ing half of last year. The available surplus at oredit of revenue amountod to 6,430&, out of which the directors recommend a dividend for the half-year ending the 31st -of October last at the rate of 5 per cent. Per annum, amount. ing to 3,4251., and leaving 3,0051. for the next account. On the motion of the CO H Nxsm the report was adopted, and the dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum was declared. The meeting then separated. BIRKENHEA.D DOCKS. At the monthly mectin- of Birkenhead Commissioners on Tuesday night, Mr. Jobn Laird, the chairman, stated that the committee (consisting of himself, M1r. Cook, Mr. Keighiley, and Mr. Rae) had decided upon a memorial, which would be presented in the course of a few days to the various public boards, with the view of getting the Go. vernment and the boards connected with it to sapport them in resisting the attempt which -was about to be made for delaying the works at Birkenhead, and to prevent the Corporation of Liverpool or the Dock Estate of Liverpool, or the New Trust, from going on with auny futther extensions until they had completed the works at Birknhed, s tey ereboud b th Act of Parliament pased n 155,andagan i ths yar.Th Liverpool Corporaton ad ndcedthepeoleof irkulsadto give them thuecopor onthefaih o thir arringoutthese works, and from time to time that board bad taken a very deei&ea line in supporting the eorporation when sny unfei obsacle appeared to be throw in tbheir iway; but on the 1ae occasion when a Bill wbs rough efore Parliamnet an arrangement wa mde beteen r. Brul r Har loy, which the corporation bad intenaed to eory out. An arrangement was also deliIeratelyentered into with the Gra etrn aiwyo an theborpoa,ttion bu they refused to carryt out. thet by0i0 i. i terested joining togethet and getting tbe support ct prti otherwise interested Shey would ingettin pve made with tho works on thtwldeof te ater, andnpting a stop to extensions on the Liverpool stde. The eoforts d tho eommittee which had beenappointed to take chae oi this matter would not be relaxd ntil they had aoeMIinhed their object, and if they failed it would not be for want of n, but on account of the powerful interet they bhi Zagainstthein. TRAFIFIC RETURNS. FAUW&x. OM se.a,. m e. Z4LTul Week ending Nor. 21. Zilnburus and Glasgow ..142.. - - , BoottLehNorth-EAstem .. 115 1- - S 61 ..21L Week ending Nfor. 22 G:t Northern .. .. 13 4 - - n s1t7 North Staffordhbt ..33 ...2 - =- , 6.5 INottlzDeon.. .. .. S- Week aOding Noy. 28 IAanellSRhllwayandDook 351 - . _ .. S 75 328 BWAad Ballmens .. 66, . .ZCS., Oo,k, Elackrooki and Pm. a" B e. .. .. - - L07t . 1 CorkandEandon .. - *2- *- .. * 18 *. WaterforddUk EU}enny.. wee tending Noy. 29. . Helents OsnAl and XEslIaY. - .* -.. .. ..4J6f L oandXouthbWeeater - .. 7^ 3.sg3 11 .. * 124 OeatWetexu .. .. - W. - .. - . 15,471 ..247 9 LoaaonandKofrt-We4ereeui6 -. SU ..A Rus.1 Obitr and Holyheedt ..5. .- ..3826 S.5IMG Ne-ort,Abergavenny,and Heeord .. *.. - . _ 1.10 ..100 3kanabwuler, Sheffield, &an rlneolnshfref .. .. 173. - -. 9,"1 . 1%,30 BdFAStandountIDon- * - *. . 235 * 012 Lonon nd IOth.Wa5~~ Rtiwg Oenandofr4.X. n t lluadug koe tho IenchaerS, South junnetiot NA n seestu. Grlinibg Deck dUtsg, h. abd O D
THE CORN rTADL. __~xoHA. t MAX.ZX. -- -YD LOzAf 8Uzn IbIw S wreek dC Cnt, df a h imited, but of be=loy and matt ltb1i9 b' bb , and IYoh Om n et,lbhlch ng^[ 1 iID BU*n 6 OdV~~~~~~~~C t,haXn CCl tbM. UMSbadn.ibne QVg cie hinli Me agai Ia?g% ant £'Cep&4 Eumiho from lbs Tonday t,hoere lay thn a ttzleodaiso teanshdgp andy bulvrN ery dltll butD hi 111 attlieh o> ns It hiere fis vew litle doing, nntlm . are noz uI e hande.J Boana quite as dear. Boiling Dee' I pezAaaodn¶I r0, . Ther Is a ommldebladM D eoHUr4s inDZC.L lgfo , .& ai etliedcorement dcxreabLe in the a valrtJs hg the diftftcol negotinevet fireIntcsalost buf Sc . OeDtim~ost eoiaigm fe-lssbls theshipping Ports, 5ndDodlspoetton lle,vincedtXIMM presnt oea ecy in this countAY. The whtut trade this week has recovered from the degpeUtes core. Atonedby te recent moner ela t at goe wccametn tc. sodemandyhsbe eze at an advance of ILs3 p -e. to . eig qi-a ter. athole ualiteme tot eddmb~tliit in some Insanes madfef3.to Si. ooufldenoe appes to be romewrhat leioed, a e beatty an rglr turde than ba obtned o sme tmd p ma be lakkd t at the u peovem nentnoted wec,Bre od feel t neglected althougb not quotably chaerw. 'The folowing are *; e corrt qwtaDo d :-glr wheat, old wbite, eStoD quart'-oDld eWd, 53 toe.SL;nwblte, SeI. to hte.; new Xed,ng 5is.; ~)antzlc, Koolpbeg, ke.. 5aL to 18, .* Betch aud Belgan, 44s to 5is.; BaUO and Haimburg, ML. to 74, Dat h and Holstein, 47s. to hrOs; * terabtg and Rigs, 45s.to 4&' English melting barley, 3itt, bto40L ; grindnw . 3 to Us. Sal aun Odetbruch, 6e. to 387.; Floktin d Dsnisk 31.. to 73d grindngT BELEILDE, Dwor LO foreonday, to4rke . nihoe peabe oftos s eaml forf nwet wekers,hw. tbogh utlitlo aSbrouth foroav Intebl.TPd a e hdedly lmpas ^WOd buiD tok done utbaIn four bat anerne fad at e advanmeaowr6d.tls-pegrlaCdd JtW)e7rt ernde&c. ntherwglS- Ino alterattL Qotatons ah mP e asflowt:-hewl white wbe}t4 hoL6d. to alls; ored.i pltodn22 gra. te nded seed res, heretoILs,1 t ogndlIn rg nom lenB 34. to 35.; Indiang or. 6d s. So 4g.. d oea, DL io 35.o see cate. to £9 7 In dl a tron£ , I to eig, £ tou £5..;L neb0 d. and 2eo £75..Froe Athog thet little- wase bro-gdayrudi the huktradewwgd%btbsuxatia. tandlatce proe d ts. Ppwen of Bagley rather dearer, I othemm rtiles. lug arle. 33. to37.. maiing,40..to 4 s. old as, 30.. to 5. andtie.2d.pergtone. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ sone tame Ise pice. Fgs ere gai rahercheper Mwh cow sold a Atherbws amng averagesupl of btewas and thapyofw, twih sod b At otberhatmlfawkt tittdeyarketaesterdf ther was Ow An liberal rtsuppld Sof catte thkeL de Ind f Pr hed a deull, atd formosere ratog ltower perk, 7a.to 7a. ; puttoue;mSid. o,to n e l d. BBWCA8L3X Dov. I,. Art" thi modagsyire there was w aoupT feanrsupl for wheat, whir ATther watemargo et to-dy thne so-aleI of b4 at slow andvu reduce Polae ingood erdemad,andgopriteekru. 3eesta. Gdoato 7s.Sc,lered Beoaumet ok a. tLow7 ;ae and Meuto d tower.prlb Hereto ay hemwas far cnauptie dmnogrt mustkatic hles Pliny is. dearer.rte hretoda, ndit Thee it a oo bom.. on toda I fluratanadvanc to9 d, Beans met asioweal, and ratherelower somemacean dvane o Gd as ealIed an wet advnde od. aoto 6d.
THE TURNPIKE AUISANCE. TO THIE EDITOR OF THE TINES. Sir,-I have read no proposition likely to settle this queg. tion. My turnpike expenses for one horse and ca per annum are 3t. iSs. for one pike. Now, I have no disp6d. tion to shirk my load on my neighbouars shoulders by swell. ing the highway rates, and it is anything but manly in those who do so. The late Sir R Peel in a time of need put 10 er cent. on the assessed taxes -why not put a tat oa eacll horse in lieu of tol, and coliect it with the ducy I am. Sir. sours. &a.. A. WORKING TRADESBMN. OldKent-road, Dec. L
SuCicm:.-A very painful occurrence took place v few mies from Hereford on Sunday, which has created a. very melancholy feeling throughout the city. The Becorder, Mr. Henry Horn, committed suicide on Sunday morning, at Cagebrook, about five nales front the city, whither he hsd only arrived on tne p ous evening, having accompanied the remains of his Kather.1n.1aw,, Mr. J. S. Gowland, a county magisrate, who died in' London on the 24th. The deceased gentleman destroyed himself by discharging a loaded pistol at his head, and it is said he left a written document to the effect that hisbrain was on fire. Mr. Horn had filled the offio of ohief administrator of justice here for several years, and was a very popular mna both in his public and is private rela. tions. HLe has left a widow and a numerous famlJy. Various rumours are afloat, but pendingthe official Investigation into the painful occurrence we do not notice them. BOOK-HAWRENG ASSOCUTIONS-We an glad ta learn that the South Iancainire Book-hawling Aseociatio* is progresing satisfactorily. Within the pau fow days a contribution of 201., accompanied by an approving letter, hs been received from the Earl of Derby, and subscriDtions of 51. each have been forwarded by Mr. J. 0. Ewart ;mP., Mr. Charles Turner, chairman of the Liverpool Dock Com. mittee, and other gentlemen. [AdvertisementQ-Ollendorfes Method of Learning to Rcad, Write. and 1eaka Language In months, adajedto the Grman, French, Italzn Spaunih. &-To the ditor oT e rsmes.' Bir. I am anrioisthbrongh the medium of yourJournals inform thepublic that spurious editions of the above wonrt are sold in sev. rat ceUntriec In luropej chiefly at Prankfort and In the Unitel Stlate. not only by eiieb Deros ae in the habbt of timpong on the publij, but by bookeellers wbo ought not from thtir posutiou to bo Pasdes to, such a tn.nsaction. Tbough I might jutlyc ompladn ot aotempt to rob me of the truit of 20 yeare' l.bout I uore e ly pee my indlgniton at tihe contents of sreall bDoos In 1ig l.rln, ul o' errorc *LD Orotsklon% btiGg caled my netbCd. o eV=O k^ rror and utelon. bingealedmaceb&My system gadpted bT the, Universty of Franoe) is published in Fnch at the redacld ple cC Sf each part The only Snglio editions are those ptbilJaN at 12. eachtpart by Whittaker and 00. and DUlaR and 06., anshch eoop, hatt inumber and my signature. The workwhIBahl&e_imb il& against my wich under the title of " ClleWdortr Ge ma r tranlated froru the French," at a time when there was enSrma fkaabtcop;rlgbhtCreemeenbDetwreu EWgland aud Jauoe being no Sn adaptatt. h but a bad and inconplete tramgdton ot m bod, d`&Uezdsun written expresaly forte n m e o eerh *W oi no nab whstever to the Euglith lemner stud ing (e= s. a i 1b arStat hinysysemi a chbainthat maustnot?o.e ink e wico trust to ths nnurlous volumoc alluded tomzAmt aot d * their labour lost, or thLbtmy disrAtee that the kn dib learnti si montb6 has not i tbelutct be b kki e Ulto b bonour to be, Sir. 3our oboadL:t tervn t. G.00 l e z.- 28 b%s Rte do Richtliou. rlir Noru.30,1WT. [Advertisement].-"I The Mutiny it in di a", ('Ru is. boardshcompil'edy aforuer editor of the "Delhi and formte a, correctand c"mpieto narativfromte lift Xeertt to theFallof Delhi. "Greatc ear asbe knimtjbe ditorin ps,. the terrible ecenes thst have been en)acte In oar Indiani eaP^a,a felentlycompleheuslve for all goensal pe=p~~ sGa, og Rouledge and Co., Frlngdm.stroeg
L': WEST INDIA AND MEXIGA. MAILS. The Royal Mail Company'r steamship Orinoco, Captain E. Baynton, arrived at Southampton yesterday afternoon with the mails from the West Indies and Mexico, in obarge of Lieutenant J. B. 3!ewport, R.N., Admiralty agent. Her dates are.- ainpico ... ... Nov. 1 Bridoetown (Bar. Yera Cruz . ....... ...- 4 badoes)... ... Nov. 11 ^aTa h ... ... - 10 Grenada . - 10 *antM arth ... 6 - St. Vinet' ... - 10 4'reytown (Mosquito)- 4 St. Lucia , - 12 Art gen . ... ...- 10 Martiniquee.. ... - 12 Colon ... ... 9 Guadx"oupe - 12 Hirpton ITJam&ic) -10 Dominiqute - 12 Jacmel (kIyti) ... - 12 Antigua ... - 12 'San Jusa (Porto Rioo)- 14 Moatwerrat ... ... - 13 E3erbice ... ... 9 Nevis - 13 'Georgetown (Deme. St. ittlx ..- 13 r) ,. .,, - 9 Tortol ... "I - 14 -TObe. .. .. 8 St.. -n s15 I?or7hof Spain (Tri - LaGaayra.. 8 ad) ... ... 9 Punumt .... -... 7 Tie urMoco experienced fine weather for the first Eve days, and during the rent of the voyage strong xaorth-eaterly winds, with heavy swell, which con- tiderably retarded the progress of the vesseL She 'brings 79 pa2sengers, among whomare the Rev. J. B. Grant and son, from Barbadoes; Major Blackall (late Governor), from Dominica; Vice- Consul Barrison, with deapatches, from Mlaracaibo; Rev. ;J. L. M'Intyre; Captain Steward (2d Dragoon Ouarels late 2d West India Regiment); Lieutenanta Wire and Bellamy (2d West India Regisnent); Dr. Burke, R.N., of Her Majesty'a ship Imaum, from Jamaica &c. On freight she has 465 serons of cochineal, 159 cases of cigars, 157 bales of tobacco, one cask of coffee, 24 bales of 4rAparilla, 15 cases of succides, two barrels of beeswax, 147 packages of sundries, and the followIng amounts of specie:- Specie and bullion on merchants' account I from Tampico .744,483 Ditto, from Verx Oruz ... ... ... 70,219 Specie acros the Isthmus from tbePacifie ports (of which the moat part is in gold) . . 186,738 1)itto, from California ... 370,785 Ditto, from Carthagena ... 93,476 Ditto, from Jamaica .. ' 750 Ditto, from Havannah ... .. . 2,912 Ditto, from other parts of the West Indies .. ... .. , ... 9,245 'Total value in dollars (of which$940,824 are in silver, and $537,784 in gold) $1,478,608 Or, say, 295,7211. sterling; also, precious stones, diamonds, &o., value sterling 1,B00. Her Majesty's ship inaum was at Port Royal, Jamaica; the Tartar, at Port-au-Prince, San Domingo; the Arachne, at Belize, Honduras; the Jasper, Basilisk-, and the Jaseur, on the Coast of Cuba; and the Brunswick, at Colon. The United States' steam frigate Wabash, 44 guns, vwas at Colon on the 8th of November, and the corvette Saratoga, 22 guns, at Greytewn on the 4th. The Royal Mail Company's steamship Clyde was on the St. Thomas, Barbadoes, and Demerara route; the Conwray at Jamaica, the Dee on the Spanishi Main, the Derwrent at Barbadoes, the Eagle st Honduras, the Solent in the Gulf of Mfexico, the Thames on the Spanish Main, the Trent at St. 'Thomas, The intelligence from Jamaica by this steamer, 'wbich left on the 11th ult., is of no interest what. .ever. Governor Darling had convened the Legislature on the 10th, when he opened the business of the session with an appropriate speech, which was 3istened to with much apparent interest by the members of both branchea of the Legislature. The ,resent eession, it was expected, would be a very prolonged one, as there were mauy mesnures of the greatest importance which would demand much deliberation from both Chambers. Much fever prevailed, and there had been some fatal cases, -especially among Europeans. An officer, Lieutenant laoyd, of the yal Artillery, succumbed to an attack in 24 hours and his remains were interred ,on the 8th ult. The white Artillerymen ata-tioned at Port Royal had been removed to Newcastle, on account of the fever having shown itself. Mining operations continued to present a favourable aspect, and parties connected with mines entertained very sanguine hopes of their success. Mercantile business was rather more lively than It was at the departure of the previous maiL Henry :ranklin, for many yesrs member of the House of Assembly, died on the 8th ult., and his death ,reated a vacancy in tho representation of St. Thomas's in the East. The military authorities'had -been active in raising recruita to proceed with the 2d West India Regiment, under Colonel Whitfield 'vho arrived in the packet, to the seat of war in the East Indies. From De Cordov*as Mercantile ItteUigencer of the latest date we learn that the supply of American -stuffs 'was very scarce,-more so than had been known for years, the depressed condition of -fiairs in the States consequent on financial troubles having operated to deter shipments. This barren state of the market had naturally carried prices to a very high range, but consumption bhad been somewhat checked in consequence of the high prices, Pnd sales were very limited. In the article of flouf in particular, which was held as high as o2s., little or nothing wa being done. Of Irish butter the supply in first hands was trifling, and the price asked was 18d.; of American, 250 kegs sold at 15d. No alewives in market for the last fortnight, and codfish exceedingly scarce. Fifty barrels of cornmeal had sold at 22s., and 60 at 24s.; mow held at a higher figure. Coffee was quoted at 43s. to 44s. per 100lb. for intercolonial consumption. First deliveries of coffee were coming to 3market in small quantities; the crop pronised fair, but the prices quoted could not, it was expected, be -maintained. Mess pork had been sold in small parcels at 132s. and 134s.; and prime mesa at 1 O5a. Pimento continued depressed and heavy of sale, quotations remaining as at last maiL Logwood dull and declining in price, there being little or no demand for it. Stock of rice ample; last sale, 15s. Od. per 1001b. for a lot of 500 bags. Exchanges on London were quoted as under:Jamaica Bank-90 days, par; 60 days, J per cent. premium; 30 days, 1 per cent. premium. Colonial :1ank-90 days, a per cent. discount; 60 days, par; 20 days, A per cent. premnium; Commiasariat bills, , per cent. premium. Merchants' Bills-90 days, to 1 per cent. discount. At Grenada the only event of the fortnight worth notice was the opening of the Legislature, with a speech by Lieutenant-Governor Kortright, and its subeequent adjournment to the 15th of December. The planters were busily engaged in preparing land for new cultivation and in setting their manufactories in order for the ensuing crop. In many places the canes will be sbort-jointed, in consequence of the weather having been rather dry in October, 1During the last fortnight the weather had been showvery. Some damage had been done in the p)rostration of canes by high winds and flooded rivers. There was very little shipping in port. The Court of Policy at Oemerara had met twice aince last mail, but the business transacted was of no pub]ic importance. The commissioners who went on an exploring expedition in the interior of the colony had returned. They had made some valuable discoveries, and found gold, platins, and iron In the British territory. The weather continued fine, and was favourable for ripening the canes. Manuiheturing operations were being carried on with vigour throughout the colony, and produce was coming in rapidly for shipment. Imports were in fair supply, 'with limited demand. E:xports were coming freely to market. The supply of tonnage was ample. The St. !Thonzs's Tidende of the 1]th publishes a decree from the President of the Dominican Republic, placing under blockade all the ports of Santo Domingo, excepting that of the capital. From the other West India Islands the intelligence is wholly devoid of interest. The ialands generally were healthy.
THE WEESTBBN BANK OF SCOTLAND. ---- 1b- (BY ZLELChIo AND L'TERNATIONAL TELEGItArH.) l GLASGOW, WD)NESDAY. The meeting of the shareholders of the Western Bank was held to-day, Mr. James Dunlop, the aenior director, in tho chair. About 400 were present from all parts of the 1 country. Ib was resolved to register tl4e company under the Joint-Stock Banking Companies Act of 1857. The CHAILRMAN said that the best endeavours of the directors had been thwarted by the late manager, who disregarded their express instructions and gave great advances to unworthy persons. The directors in their report said tWheir chances of resutming business were lessened by the provinolal agents going over to the Edinburgh banks. The ageats who had already seceded represent 2,000,000 of deposits, and agents repre.enting 1,000,000 more were In the act of seceding. The Interim M!anager read a financial statenrent, showing that on the 9ch of November last the ssets were 10,627,8241.; the: liabilities were 8,911,9321., leaving an apparent sarplus of 1,715,892h Up to that time the known and undoubted losses were 800,000Z. It would depend upon the course to be taken in the realizing and the commercial stato of the country to determine what additional losses railht accrue. A committee of eharehaolders was appointed to go over the books along with the directors, and report to an adjourned meating on the 17th of December. A proposal was maio toresuscitate the bank, but it could not In the meantim he eutertained.
TEE CITY OF . GLASGO W. BANE A meeting of the shareholders of the City of Glaggow Bankwas held in Glasgow on Tuesday afternoon, at 1 o'clock, in the Merebants-hall, to decide as to the propriety of registering the company under 20 and 21 lVotoria,cb3p.49, caled, I The Jolit-Stoek Banking Companies Act, 15T7. The bal was well filed, and on the platform were the bulk of tho directors of the bank. On the motion of Mr. Samuel Irning, Mr. Andrew Orr was caled to the chair ausi4 The CaaAs then said,- Gentlemen, at the request of the chairmanof the directors I occupy the chair on the pree sent occasson; and I beg to state that this meeting of the City of Glasgow Banking Company has been called for the purpose of considering whether it would be right and wise to come under the Joint-Stock Banking Companies Act of 18f57. The Joint-Stock Companies Act passed in 1856 did not permit of banklng companies coming under registration by that Bill, and in 1857 an Act was passed permitting jolnt-stock banking com. panies to register under that Bill, which is incorporated with the Act of 1856. At the time the Joint Stock Banking Companies Act was passed, Mr. Lowe, who promoted that Bill had conferences with all the banking companies of Engiand, Ireland, and Scotland; but particularly as regards Sootltmd, I believe, he altered and amended the Bill in many ways, soas to satisfy the Scotch banks; and he almost had the promise from thein that at a proper time they would put] themselves mnder the Act, so as to take the benefit of the registration. It does not appear to me, nor to any one wbo looks rightly at this Act, that it abridges our powers as a banking company in any way whatOever. I am clearly of opinton that it rather gives us advantages, rendering us a corporate body, givinv us the power of sueing and being aued as such, and hol ding property in name of the corporate body, whereas at present we req(e to hold property in the name of our managers, and all suc property, at the death of a manager, must be translorea iu a regular legal way. The Act does not in any way limit the Issue of bank notes, or the operationS of our ordinary business; in fact, all our powers will be as full and perfect as before registration. It has another advantage, which in our unfortunate position may be useful, viz., that in the event of any dissatisfied party making any claim he maust do so against the corporate company. This precludes the possibility of troublesome legal expenses which might be entailed upon shareholders by troublesome persons, of whom, I hope, we shall have none among us. (Hear.) I therefore do recommend, and itistheopinion of the bord of direction, andof many of the influential shareholders whom we have consulted, that it would be right and wise to puttourselves underthis Act, and register accordingly. (Applause.) For this purpose, I beg to move, 'Tbat it is expedient and proDer that tho City of Glmgow Bauk should be reslmtered nunder and in temnis of the Joinet Stock 3ankine Conspanies Act. 1857; that this meetiog, accordingly resolve and agsee to the Bin- being so registered, and authorize and emapower the directos to get ths registation effected acsaon as they may consider recesary." (Cheers.) lMr. CAmPBELL (Tillechewan).-It is quite unnecessary for me to make any remarks. It is perfectly evident that this is a safe measure on our part, and I beg to Lsecond the resolution. (Cheers.) The Cu fltAN-1 have been reminded that there is a belief, on the part of some parties, that limited liability is the effect of this registration. Now, no such thing occurs. (Hear, hear.) It does not alter the position of the shareholders as respects the liability to depositors or note. holders. It has no effect whatever in limiting the liability; in that respect we stand in the same position as before registration. There is inthe Act power for conducting the business of limited liability companies, but no bank cnn take advantage of thee, clauses. The bank remains in exactly the same position as regards themselves and the public after as before registration. (Hear, hear.) Such registration shall not take away or affect any powers previously enjoyed by said company of banking or Issuing notes, "or doing any otber thing' -these are the words of the Act. The CHIkRMAN then put the resolution to the meeting, and it was carried unanimously and by acclamation. Mr. DUNLOP (of Craigton).-This is a special meeting of the shareholders-na meeting called for a special purpose, and perhaps, in point of form, it would be irregular in me to make any motion beyond that already adopted by the shareholders. But I think, under the circumstances of the case, you wil probably permit the motion which I have to submit to you to be brought before the meeting. If the meeting is unanimous, as I hope it will be, the notion may be adopted. Many of you are aware that after the bank got into its difficulties a meeting was hurriedly called together of a number of the most influential and extensive shareholders of the bank living in this neighbourhood. At that meeting the directors asked a committee to be appointed to co-operate with them in conducting and looking into the affairs of the bank, and advising with them as to what they thought was best to be done. The committee then appointed oonsisted of the following gentlemen:-Messrs. Lewis Potter, Bruce Paterson, William Campbell, W. P. Clark, Hgh Baird, W. Mlitinnon, Daniel Gilchrist, Sir William Dunbar, Jamles Mackenzie, aud James zLne. That comInittee has been meeting with the directors, and has gone along with them in any steps they have taken since the suspension of the bank. The proposal I have now to sub. mit to the meeting is tol the following effect :-Tbat the directors and the acting ceommittee of sbareholders be autho. rized, and are hereby authorized, to appoint a committee oonsisting of two shareholders, and five otber gentlemen unconnected with the bank, to investigate the books and the affairs of the bank, and to report forthwith ; and that, of the five gentlemen unconnected with the bank, two shall be public accountants of eminence, and three gentlemen of high commercial standing. (Cheers.) I think you will agree with me that the great object we should have in view Is, as far as possible, to restore public confidence in the bank (cheers), and 1 think, notwithstanding all that has happened, ihat we really are entitled to a return of public confidence. (Cheers.) We were, at a very trying period, assailed with a run upon the bank, for which certainly we were unprovided, for we must confess that we ought to have been better provided for such an emergency. we had been directing our attention, perhaps, too much to making a large profit by the manner of conducting our busi. necs, thus securing large dividends to our sharebolders; and extendlng our business, without having saffiiently inview the danger we incurred by so extending our branches, in the event of the occurrence of such a crisis as that by which we have been overtaken. In fact we never contemplated such a crisis, Dad conse uently we were found to be too little prepared for it. We must confess our faults - had we been only able to foresee the late calamitous evenls we might easily have provided against any suach contingenoy. But since the bank has been forced into Its present positiou we certainly must have lost to some considerable extent public confidenee, and we think that such a measure as I have now proposed is necessary in order to restore public confidence. (Cheers.) I hope that, when our affairs are carefully investigated, it wIll be found that we are In a position to go on, and that we should receivathe cordial support of the other banling institutions of the country. (Much applause.) You must be quito aware that without their friendly support and concurrence it would be very difcult uphill work for us to carry on business; but I think we are entitled to their support. (Cheers.) It Is the first time we have had to ask any favour from them, the first time they have found us at fault, and at fault in a wy7 which, considering the extraordinary state of commereia affairs, there may be some apology tor. (Hear, hear.) But, at all events, let us have a fair and honest statement laid before you and before the public, and abide by the consequences. (Great cheering.) A SHAREOLDER In the body of the hall said, prevlous to this motion of Mr. Dunlop being seconded I think there is one thing should be added. I fully agree with the proposal itself, but I think there should be a limited time for the committee bringing up their report. (Hear, hear.) hfr. DuNLOP.-That is an omission which should be put right. WVhat we propose with regard to that is to adjourn this meeting till the 8wth of December, when we expect to have the report. A, SirAnuuoLDE (of Edinburgh).-I iwould saggest that one of thoseaccountants should be selected from Edinburgh, so that Edinburgh shareholders may have full confidence in the report; and I would al30 suggest, if not too late, that i the name of Mr. Walter Mal,,olm be added to the commnittee. The CHAiRmA..-Perhaps yoathad better allow Mr. Dunlop's motion first to be seconded. Mr. CL-Rx then rose and said,-In seconding the motdon I may state that I have been on the committee since it was appointed, andhavefoundlthatthe directors have been paying every attention and using every endeavour to set the bank agoing. It is often asked, " Why does not the City of Glasgow Bank open its doors P' Busines men do not require to have that question answered for them; but for the take of parties not acquainted with business operations I may say that the amount of notes taken out of our bank during the run was very great, and ihese must be met with money. We have plenty of good healthy securities, but these are not at once available. Our impessdon is-that is, the Impression of the committee-that the funds of the bank are entire, and that the rest is entire, and that the whole of the bad debts incurred during this severe period wll be covered by the profits of the present half-year. (Cheers.) With such a conviction we do not fear strangers coming to Inspect the affairs of the banlk. It was suggested to> us to-dayi by a parson in a high position thu's we sionld agree to this. and we at once acceded to thc proposal. (Oheers.) Ibeg to second the motion. l A& SUAXBHfOWERl-Dis the 4irct p.id tag whoIe ov mi.t- e concur in the sta.tement now made, that the funds of the bank and the rest are intact, and that the profits for the last half-year cover the loases? It will be satistictory to the sbareholders and to the public generlly if1 0e-directorsa and the committee will give their word, as. gentlemen of honour and s British merchants, that auch is the case. (Bfear, hear.) The CEuiRsrA%.-ThebaJance forthhalff-earrhasnotyet been struok, but in the course of a very few days the whole matter will be laid before the shareholde% Our belief Is that tho fact is as stated by Mr, Clark, but the figures wilL Dot be wrong when they are shonWr, and wo expect in very few days to have the half-yearly b3lanr6 Struck, and the whhole matter brought clearly before the shareholders Mr. DUNLOP.-There are alwvys two modes of viewing a business of this kind. If you ko to realize tbe' assets at a time of great depression it would nfke a great difference from estimating them as part of a going bnuines. It is difficult to answer the questiou directly on that account. . SHAiu EHOLDER.-Teil when do yonpropose to adieoun this mueeting ? Mr. DUNLoP.-Till this day week, to receive thls report, if pocsible, as it is important to have it s 'eatly as possible. (Cheera) Dr. MACFARLANE.-I am delighted to see snci a respct. able and numerous meeting, and I regret exceedingly that the names of the gentlemen present are not taken do6n. and put on record, that whatever we do 3nay appear to be done vith their concurrence. (Hear, hear.) I particularly approve the proposal of registration under the Bank Act f 1857. I consider that it would be for the advantage of the whole, and particularly becaute, when we go on again, as I hope we shall, we shall be put on the same *antge ground as the chartered banks. (Cheers.) This wil be the effect of it, and we therefore should be very glad that an: opportunity has been afforded to the partners to gve their opinion that the registration should be gone on with. Sir William Danbar was proceeding to add;ess the meeting when the proceedings were again Interrupted by the incoherent protests of the incredulov4 small depositor against any remarks not having directly for their object the date of repayment of sums under 601; A general cry of 'Put him out " getting up, he politely expressed his readiness to leave the hall, which he finally did amid a volley of hisses, with a parting assurance that he was quite disposed to give the directors all reasonable time to settle matters, and ful confidence in the ex Lord Provost. Sir WinLrAm DUNBcR MP., then oproeeded,-Gentlemen, there is still anotter point wvicb requires to be brought under your notice. It was stated by Mr. Den. lop, and I think by anothdr gentleman, that the affairs of the bank are considered to be in a satisfactory poal. tion-in fact, in a sound condition. The very fact of the motion having been made by Mr. Dunlop, tbat an independent committee should be appointed for the purpose of investigating its affairs, is, I hope, proof positive of that. (Applause.) We have also been told that the losses have been comparatively trifling; at all events, that a halfyear's profits will about suffice-to extinguish any losses that miy have occurred during the commercial pressure. I must say that, under these circumstances, it is matter of regret to me, as I am sure itmust be matter of regret to all of you the shareholders, that we should have to consider how or In vhat way tho doors of this bank, which under proper ptecaution, and with perhaps a more prudent system of management, ought never to have been elosed, maay be again opened to our oustomers. It has been very generally urged agaist the management that we have extended our branches too far, that we have pushed our business too much beyond the seas-I mean ia America; and that we have not kept a reserve for an emerge-cy such as has overtaken us. In these respects it is issid that the management has not been conducted on the strict principles of banking. Now, gentlemen, in all these respects I believe thero is a good deal of trxth in what is said, but at the same time I am not come here to indulge In reflections, and jrstice requires me to say that the American agency has certainly entailed no losses On the contrary, I believe it has been productive of considerable profit, and oui branches bave done well. Therefore, whatever the opinion may be of the discretion exercised by the management in pushing their business beyond what by some may be considered its proper limits, we bave the facts before us that the results have been the very reverse of unsuccessfuL (Applause.) Gentlemen, but for the folly, and I will call It a folly, of not keeping a reserve for times of pressure, we should have had imdeed little to complain of and as little to regret at this moment. There have been some persons who have, as I tbink, been indiscreet enough to blame the charter banks for not coming immediately to our assistance, ithout 7eflecting whether or not they have the power to do so, and without reflecting whether it is a daty incumbent on them to assist at all a rival establishment. N ow, with regard to these institutions, remember that safety -individu31 safety-is and ought to be their first consideration. It is a first duty which they owe to their share. holders. No doubt they exist as national institutions, and, as such, they are to a certain extent responsible for their acts to publlc opinion; but I say it is not for those who would carp at them to reflect upon what they bave done, or to state under what circumstances they should exercise that responsibility. The plain English of the matter Is this,-if Glasgow is desirous that a banking institution ,which peculiarly belongs to this city should be maintained, I say it is the business of the people of Gogow to maintain it. (Applause.) It is Glasgow that has placed us in our present difficulty (hear, hear); it should be =lasgow should help us out of that difficulty. (Applause.) I would appeal from absurd distrust of a senseless panic to the more sober reflections of returning confidence, and I would ask whv is it that the merchant princes of Glasgow, men we are told of untold wealth, have not come forward to assist an institution -which nobody disputes Is solvent, and which has been of the most incaluolable benefit to this, the second commercial community within the empire ? (Applause.) When we consider the circumstances in which we are placed-when we consider what a void the obliteration of such a bank as this would create-when we consider the calamitous consequences with which a winding up would be attended, both to the commercial community and to the large body of shareholders involved with it-many of them poor fomales-then, I say, gentlemen, it is our duty to use our utmost efforts to come forward now and subscribe to the guarantee fund which it is pro. posed should be raised to place this establishment on the footing on which it ought to be placed, (Applause.) I do not know if I reouire to add any more, but i do say this, that if we wish to nave help we must first help ourselves, and that, having helped ourselves by coming forward as we ought to do, and liberaUy subscribing for the maintenance of this institution, we should use eyery mode in our power to persuade the inhabitants of this great city of Glasgow to go and do likewise. The guarantee fund which we propose to raise in the shape of a loan to the bauk is about 500,0001. I ought to explsin that in the course of a few weeks this bank would, out of its own resources, be enabled to resume businesa, as I believe the money falling due within the next two or three months, includin cash advances and such like, does not fall much below 2,000,0001. It would b9 a monstrously hard case in such circumstances that we should be compelled to suspend for want of the comparatively limited assistance we are now endeavovring to secure. I will read you the document which has been placed in my hands with the view of raising funds for the purpose of placing this bank in a position of independence:- I *8 The undersigned hereby agree to advance to the City of Glasgow Bank, when called on, the SmIs written opposite thtir respective names, it being understood that the same shall be repaid. by the bauk with interest within 12 months.' A SERIEHoLDER.-The rate of interest, if you please? Sir W. DuNAsR.-The directors conceive 6 per cent, will be a reasonable rate of interest. Mr. CASExWELL (from the body of the hall).-I consider itwouldbe sufficientto say- The undersigned agreeto lodge in bank the sums opposite their names, to be repaid on three or four months' notice," I am perfectly satisfied that such a sum could be raised in Glasgow, the general feeling being that the City of Glasgow Bank should reopen. If such an Idea were taken up, Ithink the public would comeforward and support the baDk. Every day we remain closed we aroelosing large sums in the shape of depo8its, and I think, were such a plan as this adopted, the people of Glasgow would come forward and sabscribe within a week the whole sum requiredato open. I have already spoken to a number of persons, and I think every one is perfectly prepared to come forward and support the bank; and I am also satisfied that some of the lords and dukes who are so anxious to see Glasgow out of its difficulties will be quite ready to come forward and help it by lodging their money and getting interest for it. Sir W:iLmAm DuirntAn-I believe there is a similar failure in Edinbugh, and I believe many parties would come forward and do as you say. I think the suggestion a most excellent one, and one which I should strongly recommend to the shareholders. Following upon your saggestion, therefore, the motion would run as follows:- "Theuudes,s-,edhereb7 agree to deposlt l theOilyof Glasgow Bank on the day the bank open,, or within a week thereafter, the sama written opposite tbher respoetive name, it blWag umderstood the same shal be repaid to them by the bank, wlth interest at the rats of t per cent., at four months' notice." I bave made the term of notice four months, because that is the term our other depositors have agreed to. Mr. CARSE WELL expressed his concurrence in the terms I of thls motion, which was seconded by Mr. ROBiEaTsoz. Coun OU OD. clllrMAcdep9thden o rey satisfied Councilor C O\V.- hopathe directors axe satlsfied tata trs motion wilt meet the diaiculties we are placed in I would not wish to raise objections to this advance, but it occurs to my own mind tbat a motion of this kind wouldhave come up better this day eight days, after we had received the report of the committee that you are now about to appoint to investigate the affairs of the bank If that report be, as 1 anticipate it will be, and as the directors and other gentlemen associated with them have assured us it will be, of a gratifying description, I am quite sure that we would be all the more ready to contribute wMingly and largely towards the setting of the establishment in a proper position. If this meeting, how ever, should think that it is better to gO into that subscription or proposed advance to-day, I do not for one moment object. I state my own impression, and I think I am warrantedin saying I state the impresslonof a number of "entlemen sitting around me. That is aU the objection I nave to offer. Mr. CARSEWELL.-I went down to the meeting last Thursday in the City-hal, and found that aU the talking that was going on there would do nothing to open the two banks, but that some motion such as I have now suggested was required. However, tiere was so much apathy and SD much praise for other establishments, as compared with ours, ihat I saw it was useless to attempt it. I found one member had a great deal to say about the Union Bank. It did not appear to be known to the meeting that he was a large shareholder and director there. I delayed the motion on that account; and I think if we delay it again we are losing time. (Applause.) Every day the bank remains shut we ran the risk of losing our branches and a large number of deposits. Now's the time-there is no use of delay. Sir W. DuNBAn.-I agree with the gentleman who has just sat down, that time is of very great importance indeed, Paries who deposit are required to deposit on the day the bankopens, orwithin aweekthereafter. Itisquiteclearthat if the report should he unsatisfactory It is very unlikely the bank would open under such circumstances; so that the morley wt,uld niot reqnuie to be pad On the other hand, if the report-as wea expect it will-prove satisfactory on all points, and show the bank perfectly solvent and capable of* goin cI citit~QWn tdeqitdn~ Otn31te apeel ihe sooner we open the bettr5 that, to mony may be got Mr. WnsoN..If you give 5 per cent. to thow who are n3ow givin Ir deposits, It stAnds to reason that those who formerly agreed to leave th'eir depositsat fou.rmonthia' notice wi)lexpect the asatn. . The GRAIlMAN.-This is the guarantee fand; it is quite a separate thijng altogether. Sir W. DIIA.-You Are aware that these depodst are to be made with the bank in the nature of a guarantee fand, to ponbla the bank, to open at the carliest moment and therefore it is proposed that 'the rato of interest sho;ld be somewhat higher than that on ordinary deposit, on the dis. tinct understanding thaLt they shall not bo called upon without four mnonths' notioe. The dirmctrs, thezefore5 propos tbat 5 ~iot cent.be allowed upon their'deposits. Ther,A hI .&i-I may in explanation-state that at the time wben we were unfortunately presaea to the closing of ouidoors from tedesnandoofthenltlcuponiwe thought, *on looking ever our affairs, tkat -with the very moderate wasistance and counten oof the Edinburgli banks, with, *perbape, the assistance of one of our douthern ne!ghbonLrs to whom we looked, we would' be enabled to,prbceed forth. with~to1xlsiinef Weeerprdt.uruebyp pu tifnAlltotbehaixdsof anybamP}oPrbasa mptleadpid bfietalty au etont securty-forany money. Thitwa'the fdrit stepand sweined mnostlikely-to nanwer the objects ot the bank; hut, as Sir William Dunbar has very 'wioelT.and co;rectly sMated;Ifie great difBicnIties inmonetary taffais caused the banks, both iit Scotland and the south,. to be fearful of their aonceiresourcesiad tog thed sa t di cuIty* in giving assist3-net6negUousin hesme position As ourselves; and from taM 3we hAve been compelled todelayoPeming the bank under-the cipcumstanck lbhvepstated. As-Sir William Dunbar as tn;ted, ifloutwishrovi7enaenoo tohelp you, the best planlta to put your own flh6utouM to the wheel; and now, if thesv eholdersoo ectwththa bank. Boeievinig that the concern is in tbe favourabl4poldtion in')hiW1 hope and expert It is, and. that a large -number of tIhe ahareholders and the public of Cilasgow afe interpted in ha,ing hideependent establshmnts of thf kid con ted h,hae a strong belief that a vety large gn will e found amnonc ourselves, provided- caushostich bill and documents aw wil, 'ive.s public oonfidepce. Ana, therefore, I can iy take up the poeition thatv e are 'abe toL ras * euicient Fum amiong ourselves when oOCe our positionis known; and that if neighbouring banks cnnot help ms, we must fall back upon ourselves, and stand Up (Ap,pltuse.)' . anuooouonregh A SuAaxxomxnD here repeatod hls suggesUon as to s. lectingone of the accountants for the investigation from M.DrLOP.-I think t}at ls a matter which had better be eft i the hands of theactingcommittee, who will takeesre to make the hest selection for the interests of the public. A Sm xoLD=x.-I think there is another queston should be put. Would you inform us when thelasttransfer of shareholders was effected, and whether the directors have taken any steps with regard to fdtilre transfers? That question baa been freely spoken of In the city, and I have no doubt that on a, satisfactory answer to Ithe confidence of the smaller shbreholders willmuch'depend. Mr. Low.-I may mention that the traniter books were closed on the 10th of last month, the doors were closed on the 11th, and all transfers up to the 10th entered- but any trasafer of stock tladng place on the 11th weret entered, butdeclined by the directors. Mr. DurnLor.-There are no transfers permitted now4 The resolution hav3ng 'boen unanimously approved, the meeting adjourned till next Tuesday at 1 o'clock.
THEH ROYAL BRZW BANE. A meeting of the shareholders of this bank van held last evening at the Guildhall Tavern, to receive a report of the progress made In raising a sum of 180,004, neoessary to effect a compromise of 6s. 6d.in the pound, in addition to the 10s. in tne pound expeced from the estate. The CHAXBUN (Mr. Wyld, MP.) aaid proposals had been rdeeived from sbareholderswhioh be might arrange into three classes. From class I proposals had been received to the amount of 65,405., and which had been considered satisfactory. These shareholders would consequently obh tain a release. From clasm 2 proposals had been received to the amount of 27,9651. These proposas were under oonsideration. From clue 3 proposals to the amount of 2,0151. had been received, which were regarded as less atisfactory. The principle upon which proposals were generally considered satisfactory was the payment of 150. per share. Mr. HARDnG said the amiount promisedwas95 385f. The committee had very carefaUy gone over the list of share. holders, and the numerical result of proposals was this:In 80 cases the proposals were satisfactory; in 12 further evidence was equired; 56 were under consideration and there were 105 petsons vho had not made any proposal. whatever. The 95,3854 would barely sufflice to pay 4s. in the pound out of the required 6sd. Xr. MIToxu, intimated an opinion that If all the shareholders would come forward honestly there would be no difficulty in raising the required 180,000 Ho instanced six persons who-were the holders of 102 shares, who had offered only 9,00,0, whose contribution ought to be 23,ODO0. MT. Wvnl) observed that the remarks of Mr. Mlithell showed the propriety of the course taken by the committee. It was the intention of the assignees to give discharges to shareholders whose offers were satisfactory, and to apply the amount received to the payment before the end of the year of another dividend, whatever the amount might be,whether 2s. or 3s. in the pound. Mr. GILLoTT stated that he had, 'with the greatest pos. sible effort on the part of himself and friends, paid 1504 per share on his 26 shares. His business had fallen offMfMly one-third in consequence of the uncertainty of his position. The reguirement Of 150l. per share ought not to be applied as a rule. Many of the shareholders were tradesmen who had been knocked down by this unfortunate affair and who felt thd difficulties of their position in apeculiar degree. Mr. TAYLoRsaid that of the many pinful duties imposed upon him durtng a somewhat long mercantile life none had equalled those he had had to discharge as an assignee under this estate. The assignees were obiged to make inquiries Into the private affairs and position of shareholders, and to receive their statements upon affidavit. He believed that the 6s. 6d. in the pound would bo realized for the creditors; he had not the slightest doubt of it. He said this taking Into account the amount that would still be obtained from original shareholders. Mr. D2KLArTER cited the cas of an unsatisfactory offer from a shareholder who, to his own knowledge, had 20,000 in Consols. The meetings to carry out the compromise had done some good. With many of the proposals the assignees were satisfied, and a considerable sum had been reahzed. From that time every other shareholder must be dealt with piecemeal, and they must be told plainly that forbearance was now at an qnd. Those who had contributed honestly would obtain a release; those who had not contributed honestly munt be made to do so. The assignees never bad and never would relinquish the terms of compromise; from the 6s. 6d. in the pound they would never swerve for one moment. 3Mr. WYLn repeated his opinion that the compromise could be accomplihed by theraising of the required amount. The parties acting with him had been inuenced throughout by feelngs of benevolence and mercy in a matter that to a certain degrees might be considered a public calamity, and they would not relax their exertlons. It remained now for every shareholder who had not yet done so to do his duty,
THE 2ORTRUMfBEREAND AZVD DURHAM DISTRICT BASK. A mee9ing of the shareholders of this unfortnnate company is called for the 15th inst., "forthe pnrpose of recelving and considering a statement of the affairs of the said company, and of adopting such resolutions with respect thereto as may be deemed expedient; and generally to con- der and decide on all questions, measures, matters, and things that may be brought before such meeting relative to the company or the business affairs or concerns theroofand to make a call upon the shareholders in the said company in resuect of the share held by them respectively therein." The public of the northerh towns appear to be prepared to wait until this meeting Is held, when a, full disclosure of the affairs of the bank is anticipated. Messrs. Lambton and Co., of Newcastle, opened a branch bank at Sunderland onx Monday. Trade Is extremely dull, btt the reaction consequent upon the stoppage of the "District" is less violent than might have been expected. There are varioun rumours abroad, but until the meet of the shareholders it Is probably the most prudcent course to leAve them unnotioed.
CoNSECRAIoN OF A COuECH.-Yesterday the church of St. Paul, in the Westminster-road, was consecrated by the Bishop of Winchester, the bishop of the diocess A large number of clergy and a respectable congregatlon were present. The church, whichihas been built from a design by Mr. W. Rogers, the architect, is in the early English style, of about the 12th century, and is remarkable for its simplicity and beauty. It will accommodate 1,200 persons. After prayers and the usua formalities the Bisbop of Winchester preached a sermon from the 19th chapter of St. Luke, verses 41 and 42, "And when He was come near He beheld the cty, and wept over it, saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace, but now they are hid from thlno eyes," Ia the course of his discourse the bishop alluded to the large amount of spiritul destitution and infidelity existing in the distriot, and to the efforts which had been made by the rector of the mother church (the Rev. Mr. Cadman) to alleviate it, telling the congregation that they might greatly assist in the geod work themselves by becoming fellow labourers. A collection was made, and the appeal made by the bishop was liberally responded to. ST. JAu&S's Rosi: EOR PFNo -1R S..-We understand that an asylum has been opened at Whetstone, Finchley-comnmon, for the reformation of fallen women of a class somewhat sUperior in point of education, social standing, and comparative inexperience in vice to the great majority of those who are to be found in most of the existing refuges and peiitentiarles. It is to be called the St. James'sl efage and Homefor Penitents, as having originatedwiththeparish of St. James's, Piccadilly,lbutit willbe open indifferently to applicants from all parts of the metropolis or of the country. Accommodation has been provided fir 20 penitents under a l*dy superintendent and an assistant. The Bishop of Landon has consented to act as visitor of the institation,and the Rector of St. James'a will be the President. The want of a house of this peculiar kind has long been felt by all who have had to do with penitentiaries. At a time when public attention is being more thin ever directed to that " great sain of great cities," which has of late years increased to an extent seriously menacing to the health of society, and strenuous efforts are being made to check it by the prosecation of persons keeping houses of ill repute and the closidn of easinoa, it is gratifying to find that a regard Is being paid to the welfare of poor " unfortunates," who are, after all. in great measure only the victimas of a corrupt state of society, for which every individual is in some degree responsible. Any attempt to improve the penitentia system on however small a scale wiol ibe welcomed by all trae hbiknthropists,
ITHE GOVrzRNoB-R.GERAL OF IDIS. TO THE EDITOR OP TE TIMES. Sir,-As a rule, the English hatioii is jst and generous tqwards those who serve it well. Admirable as have been the courage, patience, and self-devotlon of the small band of heroea who, on the soil of India, have won for themselves aed their country imperishable fame, they have not, and will not have, any reason to complain that they are nlot appredated by their countrymen. Haveloclr, Lawrence, 3Wilson, Outram, Nioholson, Neill, Greathed-it w1il be ldng before the light of well-merited popularity which sdrrounds these illastrious names will have oeased to xlqine. .But unquestionably cases do occur in which the national jiggment in regard to the conduct of public servants is atMangely and signally at fault. In the present mtinee, wby is it that, while the attention of the world ia Sxed In tonishmont and admiration on the succesfal stand mnde by our countrymen iE India against odds which api piared desperate, the head of the executive Govermment of that oountry-the prime mover and controller of these events-has received from the unthinking clamorons eensure, from the more thoughtfuI aud influential cold indlfference, or (at best) the damnation of faint praise? Lord Canning had scarcely assumed the government when he found himself placed in circumstances of difficulty unelampled in history, of peril more tremendous and rcspon. siility more anxious than perhaps have ever before bes et tie tenure of great power. Of the mode in which he has niet those diffloultiee, of his tone and bearing in that greab extremity of danger and adversity, of the details of the measures which he has taken to encounter that terrible crisis, we kow but little. One thing we doknow,-thit he h4s been completely successfuL Without the aid of one bayonet from England, and in the midat of a tumult of social disorganization and dismay, the great Indian mutiay his been crushed; for what remains is not to redst or con. q4er, but to punish. One other thing we know, that in the presence of a pqpular frenzy, blind to all considerations of policy as well a" of mercy, Lord Canning, fortunately for England, retaned his prudence and self-possession, and forbore to disg4ice and endanger her dominion iu the Eat by confoundig theprompt and decisive repressionof revolt and execution o justicewith the gratification of a ferocious and undis. ccm1nating revenge. the letter of "A Civilian," published in your paper of t-day, the following passage occurs:- ' iThe other serious danger Is lest our prnaent violent feeling againat th Mahomedan, should drlve to derpatr that great seeion ol the piation, and induoe a reall general Mahomedau revolt, as dange,oua as the grea mutinyE." lhe danger is not only serious, but one which, were It not for those features of Lord Csannng's policy which have been -4 censoriously or so coldly considered, it might by this tline have been impossible to avert. frhat for these great services Lord Canning will sooner or l4er receive his due meed of praise I cannot doubt; that hq should not receive it nowr is suficiently unaccountable. It'seemsimpoesiblbthatthe nation, actuatedby mere caprice, o, following the key-note struck by the Europeans of CalC1 tta under the combined infuence of panio and exaspera. tl n, willlong continne to w.ithhold from the man on whom tble chief zesponsibility has rested, and who would have borne the chief share of the odium consequent on failure, tlbe approbation and gratitudo due to his successful encounter i4 a peril which seriously menaced the power and prestige o6 England, but which, by t'he ninner in which it has been rubt, has materially improved herposition among the nations of the earth. I am, Sir, your most obedient servant HOBAPT. 16, Eatou-placc south, Dec. 2. .
I roENGLISH POLIcy INDIA. TO TEHE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Way I beg a few lines of your crowded columns on a subject of pressing intereet? Presumig that we dshU rconquer India, and mean to keep It, it is already an urgent question, on what principles are we to govern it? 1L "India must be kept free from external war and from fturther expansion." War has emptied her treasury for 20 years together, and by emptying has impeded internal im. pxovenient, The Persian war, bg denuding India of English troops, made the present outbreak possible. In fature to dcfaw from India English troops or ships must be totally forbiddez. 2. "The high lands of India-north, central, and southmust be systematicaly filled with European colonies." Mr. Hyde Clark, in a recenat pamphlet, has shown how, by liberally granting land to railway companies, railways might be made and English colonization be facilitated with certain benefit to the Indian treasury. The Indian Government Tust become as liberal in grants of land as it hitherto has been stingy, and its own reaervea of land will quioliy double their prioes. Nothing but a large European population can morally or politically improve India under our rule. 3. " English citizenship must be recognized in India as a distnct element, and be cautiously imparted as a reward to Is9dlviduals, to classes, and to places." All who know any thing of the Roman empire wlll understand by a word the immense moment and urgenit need of this regulation. 4. " Well defined political, as well as social rights, should be granted to all English citizens in India." Not only should they be eligible as now, but their influence should be actively felt. The unofficial English voice should be heard publicly in authoritative places. Al should be eligible to be justices of the peace, as well as retain trial by jury, of which it has been sought to deprive them. Freedom of speech and freedom of the press should be guaranteed to Engliab citizens by Imperial statute. " 5. The Indian Government must not fluctuate with English party, nor its policy be made subservient to the s4ifting politics of Europe." Therefore, in no case should itfs " patronage" be thrown to the Ministry of the day. ' 6. The permanent burdens of India must in the long run, bo borne by India." To this end the English citizens of India should be subject to the same taxation as the provincials, and the taxes should be voted in numerous publie Indian Parliaments, consisting of Eoglish citizens, and of none beside. The Executive should demand the xu4m, and state for what purposes-apportioning it on the local Parliaments. Public aocounts of expenditure should be rendered to them, ;That mode of arranging the future government of India which would most simply apply these principles appears to me likely to be best. The least violent method is for the English Parliament to vote principles, and com. mrand the existing Indian Government to execute them. The most effectual method (but not likely to be adppted) would be to make a child of Queen Victoria king Or Queen of India, under sanction of a treaty to last for 30 years, after which India would become a wholly independent kingdom. An intermediate method would be to institute a standing committee of Parliament, to be reelected every year, as the supreme authority for dietating general principles to India, and for exercising all that pa tronage which must necessrily flow from England, wow to construct Indian Parliaments would be only a secondary question, though highly important still. Each migbt contain three sorts of members, co-ordnate in power -men elected by the unoffical English cltizens of India; others appointed temporarily by the Crown; a third class appointed by the Crown for life-namely, wealthy Indian landowners, vho would make a resident native nobility *bound to the English interest. Evidently a totally new course is needed, or all the horrors yet Teeldng will recur. Now is the time to change our principles, while we keenly remember those honrors. I -- - F. W. NEwm"- un1veraity Colloge, London, Dec. 2. ImNDON GENzRAL O( uBus CorpANy.-Traffio Iee1epts for the wee'k erdIo1g Novembez 28, 9,4401. X 3d.
THE BEY'. J. Mr. NEALE AND THE LAT - . PEOOEEDINGS AT LEWg TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES.. TheoAssistant Wardens of Sackville CoUege present their oompliments to the Editor ot Thc Timea, and request the insertion of the enclosed, in consequence of some incorrect statementa which have appead oonnwcted with that institeuion. Sackvile CoUege, East Grinstead, Nov. 25. "We the tmdersigued, the Assistant Wardens of Sackvifle CoUege, having noticed with much regret thAt the name of tha college liae been mentioned in some of tfie public Teports of the late paifufl occurrences at Lewes as though the establisment at East Grinstead called St. Margaret's Honae or Institute were connected 'with the college, do hereby Eofficialy notify, in the discharge of our duties as assistant waradens,- "That the inmates of the college and those of the above. named house are entirely separate and distinct, and that the ancient foundation of the college is in no wy alied to this newly-created aud self-constituted establishment; I "That when the Rev. T. M. Neale, then and now acting as warden of SackviUe College, associated himself a short time since with some persons caUing themselves ' nursing sisters,' and more recently ' Sisters of Mercy,' and endeavoured to introduce some of them into rooms in the college, we protested against such an infringement of the statutes and abuse of the intentions of the fontdation ; " That the Rev. J. AL Neale did aftervards, in order to secure the direct superintendence of the establishment, hire a house in the immediate vicinity of the college, bat en. tirely separate from it, and in this house the late MiEs Sco. bell, who was not a member of the college, died. "1 We feel it our duty further to add, in justlfication at the authorities of the college, in consequence of the distress. ing notoriety Mr. Neale has brought upon it and them, that it has been from first to last in opposition to their wishes and intentionB that Mr. Neale has had any connexion with the ahove-mentioned establishment, and it is with surprise and regret we learn that it has also received some countenance from the bishop of the diocess aud theArchdencon nf T.Aw.. "REGINALD W. SACKVILLE WEST, "'J. HENRY ROGERS, " ASslstant WaxdenN " Sackvile College, EasIb Grinatead, Nov. 25."1
[Advertsenment-Mr. Tupper's new work, "Rides and Eeveries of X30op Smith," by Mdartin F. Tupper, in one voL, prce IO d, hjustpubliabed. "This alscollectionot wiztyandhumour. deeD tought. Throughout the whole o them tbere is evident S Tey large degree of mentaY independence-a detdrnaiLLtton to think with. outAregard toathesasctiesot ordiary ud nperuicgal moden of tbonght and a toldnems yn givng expressioc to theaeroverle. wvhieh can hardly fal to reco' mend thaee thoughS and realons to the earnet antion othe subit All Who ave read and proisted b A Pro.srbl Philotoehyw will Stol fn these uides and Beuenes' much of the amo quaities of mind and hosy appropriaceDeb oft egtprelodeweho we wo marked In nro Topper's prewoaus wriatngur'-Morelng ionak,. Hurst and B PaBkettspubisherso 13, Greawh Mrlborwihletreht 1 1odvertitemeut.l] "Manyd Thoughts on e Day Thtl"be a ortred li of ry.1-aereuces selecte h etoi tho it s of the tS Grea. and tl9e Great OUkuowrn rompUled Dad aealyllcUly aevaoged by Hlenrysonthgate.' We eboulddo aeu*t of 101 Ucto hit Bouth. hdt e were we quo to sy that his volume p i uperlor b3 ctoth e5 roelurentiemenOotumn-Plaoe Book.'tfor it toucheo subjects ad; matters which are wholDy unnotced bhiml bet ucedertieor; af te are psuccuded tht no person who values hlterature for it own ak vilo heeotate to po3ree himself of a volmme which will earich the col. lecUion of the most learned gtadent cad De en itlc on totho lb assorted library iep.B-AlV Meseenger. The work is publishd In a. hzandome quarto volumne of 700 page;,,prloo 309_. doth lettered. Loodon, Ieorge RGiJedre and Co., }'angdon.atreet, [Advertisement ssL. Outram and Hacetlucber PorfiAl Campaign,"hby fptaln Grl AH.unt, 7h Highladesg "Aymwtan choly intereeS attaches treelf to this simple but lUcid narrative of tbe late Pesian exleels tonw Ita allant and accomp dhed author ha Hnoe sniunbe to oholera while marching under Gmean al o Havanoek totbeaelmetter olmow. Inorep.edeoryh however, ot thsuplrecoyhmi datiot tothe ympathirfi of the Brit63h public. Oaptain Hunt'ts manly and nafecied story of the Pewrsia camain^gn ts enUtited byteXatlndci merits to a large popularitst HIs pencls haso oat been cafed in EL fo. amrnocrreonet notUon ot the varous scenes which ara described ia tbe iletterurestw-AdIen's Indian Mail. The secn 1,0n 0 nor reed wlith sight tinted lithographs frome skethe by teeanthor, H ice 7e. 6a, ondonthy, George Beanledgo aDd Oo., Prlngdoaoetreet [Advertisement).-" L. S. D."-a city number of Tices and Daueht3 foi General Aceommodafoim. Designed by Watts Pbillipel allustrated wIth 100 earavings, from drawings by Phlz, Henning, Hile, and other artists. Every mantof winias should.' as a mathgr of coars, ordr e his bcokseler to sule ply him woth ". De c"prthe new t 5lreae. n owoutot. " of tkhTzend"byo. S.U6loyeWM bentrt.d" wIth to teenrahvings aewfter le,ad"the ollrt," byrAlerwt Smithe(7lUstra Odins by Glvarfr, Gilbert and Henning, prhce 4. Pacb, forming Royl 1 and 2 of 'Tbe CondI Itbr, a uulque series of the ebet 8opular worka of oum hegt cot mre it 'i%s,6dhed monthly prent and ao. (to Bogae3, 'letteet , [Advertisntrent.1-rnidthe dsasterou, panics, ndvolae. n 7ltudeso dallylie. hosntest Ingrits ftoposmees a Roo bo Oc that wll afford Iausemeat,aud relreation, and "Tah bJiesslreldw upon dithe for Arnal reading, or fy a story thai il st She CDDT ing, tbeossgb Now, sanoha work, ever cheerful and ever equa to the., obec.ts,the newo loeu-en jAst out, of the bFamily Friend"bmost aeurSdly ill be. 'ltlstbeyeryshlsgwrewat afer the ourtaina atre drawn adu the candlge are Itt for a long "to5ambt5erning" SA Raf the "lBradford ObbeyrFerW n Ir it enrifilc- with aT hatheuc portraitob te Princess Rosal. , e tgrtve on *teel. n tI 416 2tUoatraleds,ruesof agreable sue,d anll b nsosinglle ttre Pio Is d l6 aes, price bd. Wardi anad Loot. 158, hee t4reet (dverltelmentOl-The "C s t Jourat iL"-yVoa7ke for 1Its. a s Doe mber number (Cries hi'vB ) born een the TrIn A for wS5. -and contadne two engrvi6rw ironm the ! pal CdIleon- 'Evening In Itipz," after Richardon, and "TShe Jliger." afte Fellz,with anSengraInsn o of uleteCy rafterWv. The litewture insiudes "The Art TtOs51re5qr.ai55Olton-li5OhjeCtt an }lrenlin" "iJuth Kensgton Mduseuimi" " mupblef in l cn e }iftiele" byF W Ftrhoits PitA, Illustrated "The *a tvbc-&foSteatnseugine." by R Hount, F B .8;* " TbeBoOo othet Thames,.5 by Ar, and 5sr.S 0. Hal', illaidroted; &o. ViteaDa Co.5 2S, Patkmnstrro, London; and *ll bookiellera. [Adveytltemsnt.1" Cas9ll'sfllslatrated FamflyAlmaHa&? tto e fLati etcdiUon of 4.0i0 copIes havin een _UdStrin a tiv dyK econeedltietis now being iRlnId: ' Caeslrsllnt,aea A1m.uack|" pirs 6d, is not only beahtlf oly. Illustae with 1 splendid engrvings. ubt la tvorkreplete tith Usfl ad htsadIe lnforertcn.U ltcontelnsaoosnsehsestie ansd faithful slesaa'-f tpne.marbleaves.tAof tbe pf-an a'toact of reFeutAe4ofaaA Pa | nuent-ag ulOgy0fIl1dla-an obltuoj of dtttiad b ro.La, I 1i1hlusttaiOu5 ot thre marrae ceremonlabla et di rereet costed list ofth m6mbers ot both Hiome. of Peollameset,ndaiDt ditcal restaes ofss mllltatn ~ ers lortne andabronad LSosu Ios tea, t and Co,l n
CONTRAOT for POLI.O aOWTRHING. D3 ?ARTMZ'f of the OOMtPTROLLER for VIOJUALLI;G ,tsersetplaeso27ih November, 1857. I Chommiselonere for executing the Office of L., ISrd Bgh Admiralt of be Uzittd KWdom ot GzaAs Bsi-l andTreand doheby give notice thatot Thon dv. $te&7tThDm Aext.balpt,s t a o loadON tb-O wiU bseedy to treat ihs as ma b.. w g toCONTAOIor SUPPLYING andBe. amg,;x4o ot pO3 IO OLOTHI. atl i3harUd mm tor4 so tu be de.maded for 12 months eran, and furter uil the expiraton of ithree usestlia' walngn. Patterns of he &rtolea. a form of the tender, and the oonditIous ot the revisd conrct manye tsemn &A the said ogoe. No teuder wiU be seeeved attes hblf.Dt O'cleck on the day of treaty, nor any notlied, unbeo made on the Printod fOrmUefor the Purpose, and whi ma, tueobtained on .pllcattlzuat o orfe nry tender muet be addras.ed to the Seaetsz of the miraty, and bear in the left-band soener the words " retodw tom Pillo Cloth9Y. and mrac 'oo be deltered at i3mYde lotPloll. tn OlTRACT for PROVISIONS.-The Guardian: of o the Poor of Mie9 ead Oldtown, wll meet a the Town-home. fwoitud-road, on Tturnday, the 10th day of DDcembe next at a o'ck in thoe aenring, to re oetoe TENDERS for SUPPLYING the Mile-end WInkhonua from the 19th d'-y ot Decemsber next, to the 20Nh e Marsof fol lbowing (both day. inoTuve) with the folowuing ARTI. OeVie toour. meat cbhese uhtter, potatoes, corn. shbnadtly soap,and gsocar!esgesEmat d e<utumptiou ror the quete, bead, 65Otwt. ; butter, tS twt. ; teak :3 Cheas ,oalmaial., cwt. ;flour S0oke; abeee,190wta;suza,lo owP E tcotch arley,6 cwt u rc ea, ~30stne f 4Th. ottes 10 ct.;spl~ ea, 1 bs.Printed formi of tender may be obtained upon persoea applation at my ot.a which must he deltered to me, bro ore 2 o'eook on the day of Metbing. Byorder, U. J. SOUTEHWELL, Clerk to the Guardians, Town-hnuw. near Rtepney-gren. Noy. W5. 1857. T CONTRACTOBS and othera.-The Boird of T uWors for the Greetnich Dieet are ready tozreeve IENDeZR for a CONTRAOT to LAY DOWn about 510 feet run of BUICK SEet, 3 feet -y 2 feet, and about 000 fee run of 2 feet BarreR Swer, at Toaner's-hilI, ia the parish of StPst au, Deptford with all neeayto ks incidental thesreto, acording In A oapects to plan, and s c oalons, which mar be *eu and n%rtlculab obt£Eeed at the office of the Board's fo7yabr, Church-street. Ghenych,anydaybetweeno the hour of 10 and n o'clock The tenders must contain the ntlames and addnoemeof twPo responeible suretleseto Join alth the contr&ctoelnua bood intkepenalsomof SiOforthe du executlondof thea onrP and, 2L Tenders Authesent 3. ealedp andendot y "Tender foras SewI to the C.erkes.office. Board of Wotks. Church-etreet, Greenwich,. before Ao',loek In the afternoon of Tuesday. the 15th day of December Jnstant, and "itee tendering, Or some one fully ant3oriz.4 on ther beha,R muat attend a owimmttee for the parish of St. Paul, Deptfor at tAe LterarP Institution, iugh street, Deptford, at 7 o'clock In tke evening of this aboea-menoned day. The Beoad do not bind themwtrves to accept the lowest. or anyof the tenders wlhch may be enut In, By order. B. W. JAMM5 Clerk to the Board. Greenwich. December 1, 1857. 71 ,O PAtRENTo and GUARD eIANS.-An architoet .ia suave of t.oDgood practice. haa a VACNCo Yfor a PUPIL. Apply, post Paid, to B., Brok's7, news agent, Old abvendtsh-st., W. DO PARENTS and GUARDIANS.-WANTED, .5 in an old-estable4bed jeweller's and .tverminth's business at tonxe aD rescable ofelli4rent youth as an IN-DOOR APPREff6 TI A small preminm requird, Address Mr. Hudson. 52, Cae. otectk Llncolns's-lnn-flelds. London T PARENTS and GUAEIARS.-WAXTED. TbJ two arsist, who are etaged jointly Ln the higher clan a sIned glass work and mual deoration, a respectable yofuth of atl ptltnade so OUT-DOOR PUaIL, Apply bY Pot to B, E4 A, pfO PARETSHD and aperseAeSrWANTED, produe breroffice,a YOUTle aced It or 116, wh wllhewl taushtthe busnes for thun ee yeuar. remiumSL, AW.-WANTED, an active youth -as COPYING LJ LeaRK dwhocan writea goolhad Apn toWilliamJYones EaQ., lollOtor, 20, Ki000s Am.tyard. Coleman- streIt DARTNER WAN"'ED with a capit o 2, . to £1,100, to extend < bcomiwon.be Adnee, wth eovri ArmIS to P., 26. poet-office, London. DARTNERSHIP.-A respectable rz-feome, having lwell furnshd hour , Is deoirous of meeting with anotber, with own lOAto4100 to join her In the dometloduties and Par}ticipate In roeng t £2,060ax aot 18omeand, may enteril a vey aer coers herolfrehA Breof, th perotswo ben abt 0 to £1,060 r an. nuns Aply t fnu wIrh* lin, or, Besiuorthuiliee * StrI and, ARTNERSHISPROOENEDIRG PoAUSTER, ith m~~~~~~~~~~cne .3 acaialofabu £51,000, tond toake a tid shaeI a t h 5ye racierneedaply Cavrdsofdrsl a beou had- GusfiM.Catred t 57 Chancery-lane.rWbll hezt1&yezsSp AZI P ARTNERSHIP,- and $mell capFital Conly. BIEZ QUIRD.-A lay, who hs oetablirhed a r6ood mzlliuesy tusIneu and bat a good foreign connexion, wishes f6r a LADY, of business habits, touasist herin establisbingteofiindeame, Apply. stating rea camne and address, to B,, Post-office, Peckham. A,RTNERSHIP.-WANiTED, by a Persverlnu J)busines mac, who has about £150 at band, an oDportunity o~i 0181850G a FIRM of standingt. He will be wMiing to devote the whole of his time to the warehouse or contutin-honas. Address J,A,, 5 High-street, Machester-suar of thorou busi- lored,All answhQer, othsaersment. m.. be bI n 15 de as 2 t6 2 e P. .,cae of Mlessrs .. ..twat and £imoe15 16 e' 2le1d-a 2ley 711 SHIPBROTERS adSthIEeforeign - g e ,I. man, with a lint-rate continental and outodotconneion, Is deacrn of entering into PARTNERSHIP, or buanagsrgmeett witha an esteblisbed firm, or one about to commence. The highest refesente given and required, Apply by letter to A, B., Mom&reParker and Ieems solicitors 1, StPaul'scucyad O 7110 ~stECHANS, Brker Cor Factoys, ~&c-A .3. ronuggentlman, b-nt18 yers of entitled Ina few ars PE_EDIN-G _ tAUSTRAMIA or ohets-WANED,by a gentleman, £00, In connexion with an Importat operstoe in the viciity of Sydney, Ample security, with a bKnus for the advance, Wil be given, Apply to Messes Cran be vluabe, prtabe, ondavailbole,fndlenof, intleres, heoad - tilr popsesriInganelean and msie silvrtaadofesr fukpr cnt.intu r pnreeeld f nde, nduesehl provert1 y, revesiostomn~l th funs nd lfeMnte ests ores tonbsmd wrece sliito, JllcU.cuLe4t,awntokeO, .,L.ATEphol seadveaseodpoet,rvrcutoonyith SolicItor, 10, Gray'sCOnnineuare lIst bNYA V NE,o eoi fpae w at nde specal greeu~as o rae o ineres, d, Mnvey ordersio totbeimad and Iewcller, 57, Jove-strom,an city.DD usuTallycharged. beat seletyd asoimn f e ndscndhn 1te a D ewelt s Fo ora bstqaleity moert prce,A ibrl iegie R2 (fre dp ons baptlirtyo)cna vr Infrato as to cost, ac, of otning prdles b onqalt a tsic,Biish n for,g 10 tenti andmv rgstratins,bedoqualtye upnaeitn ar6 expre patents0 J tMos ATEtS bwsev bera thuatd.-A clas 13 ied CATA LO .Dewo, sbject, wihAvc t o Iovnt,, pos free-9Ha M TO9,eRi,patent uagery ofie etbishdl yeas 3, Moot, gm ate-street, bd city.. 8 1 0 1 7J'( fbem percd, for t2quaintys cos £4D0 a6fine2ol So. t hDo see gUt Powella eele,d, 30, xodsre, nea tile 4 eisoutraalowerI cxahsaeIPe oent. 1 addamn, 1 r lOpe cent.13 ThY e-welr, 05, Regent-ted reet,invhoee the attention of th stOf li uO adisbs nd chies _1 M oestadU Tm .xeb oe8laRh, IafsioaltOII DSLER;om,., ~ARI? RGENTIE SILVrSPLVA.The, T tha Rocens of m ~~ktagton , compaIlldso, theres ee SLstil nex 6 1 b^s . . 0 G 0 0A 150 , a D * * 10 0 1etul e Tasbl no 0 t 0 I 8dtgh om r l06 forfnish andks dr bt0 aa1s0 03 o 0 qu1l 0 SWt~ BDoonS I 1wb 0 40 o 60 I 0 60 0 70 If2TIa£voors £ 18 0 2 8 0 S 0 0 £3 I 0 6 3ale spous. 1186bawls 0 5 0 0 3 9 0 0 10 l2 Drtfok 7s * 1 0 6 176 12 20 1 0 lDesserpns 1 00 100 60 170 00 a IlToespoons. .018 0 1 40 1060 1180a 6Eggledlep .glltbo.. - 0130 01706 00 1 10 I r . ...... . O O0 40 a 0 90 6 0 7 1o 40 ;U176 M 113 11l80 Any cle so be had sin at the sme psios An. oat cheat D oon. t- aboTe, and a relative nuombr Of knives,> do, La 15Ih Tea and oos e, m thW a and n frame, walZts oandiestlo4cks, ao.. ot pro- rUq1 An ns o;f1=gdonebythe r tpoeeess o sby postIt cotai ublns uwards o0 i W1tlom f ?ad stoc oW f *lto adned bafeplte, nike sier. an osd fde, matrbe, mOfla ntihieoe &Wtchen , kettUlesgf !, ol-oks, table utley bath andf r& y, trnbAongai saerg edteds beddIng beg'--to '5 added tond pleas f vthe '' large soros at 82 in, It 1 cland 3, NewmA -treet, a o, 6, iedfo layspae London: etellshed 3520._ j LIBIGTON zad Co., Patetes of the Esetr Pss factrn slveSrsmth, bronst, ber, be fontlit Ohav addd tiol thslexns r .oc k a lare varit ot 5163WA D1UB;1 h thehlghesl clas of art, whc have reenl Obtaind Ice am,ptthe Pris lxnbiton, the odeoratl, ot the s Si the Ic. ct umw,Baa w( th e Osve lEdale dHonno pke oec AWW D 60thekV . The Ou ll MOW W RI rAww3 abv ^ b MthZxhthWea x hEach arole bes their mark. 3. And =aiSin aceo euatl sod as beinpltd by Xnton's F 14 ?roosasdngarnte,ofqusly-3Reat. sir1st, and 45,1100w ap ndl st thir manuacor, i(owha3t1-eet,Blaig a- d dz rawings sent free byot, Bep tin gldn . p LAT ard JElWEBLS P URCIIiEBD,t Ate frl N C oiANCERT.-In the Mlatter of an Act pssned In the Plt and fl Wserof the ic of ioreent Majietffy IntisnW.AnAetf&oittawLeaesa, Saloof ttedEatee, and in the matter of cstaa Mese;uw 0r Tenelu*'s and No remd.e, moit- Mo erottlvelyiIn 13road-treet and WhOwtone park, er~ Ltneolo!g. InnflO" a Inthe pariah of St. Ot4n _n-the p-lco lit the coDnty cb eeiddlseth, deired by the wills of JanrD Wbreh Mary Webbuer. fand John Hamstea&-NotIee Is hhreby gIvem that an APPLIO&TION will be Made othte High Court of Chancery, before the Vieoeancsller Si Willimp ePanWood. under the ahor e nso,ed A* t for the plroeS ef obtaining authority to GiANT a LRtAS of the above-rae ,oned wMES AGto r TENEMIEN'TS, or any of Moem anud notioe Is hereby &WVo~ve,that the amse&lddrerak& does,oriltousof the netlters mn natter ane Geore Robert of a o.4 ast-.te, Wa wOrtb. in th e0nit OfSurrey cutle, and Elzitek, Hansab, his wife Oil" Hermena, of No. 44. iadetrortu St. Glles4nthbtooel ds Clarisa Augusma h wife, John Robert Htamtea'd and Sara tho beoth HamMetd, infante, naw rnlig at I-No. 44, Broadastreet afoe- Itd, by Jont William ftsins'y, ot No. 6. Weymouttrseet, NOw rth-roaO, In the county oif ddleex. ientleman. their guardia and next rend,and Wllirm Mt'lethr of No.16 Leader-tveeot,Cheem, In i115 maId county of Middlex, Nawole r and Sarah hil wife, anS d tht Mlch. B1aLy, Pattison. and Peir e, ahe eollosr, of s. pettlocero In the mtter of thspetitiontl,> ndteoffice No. o .Line-oInnn des. If the sount of Middle=e ts plbac wher the U er Zo served witI aI order of Cort pnlatice whrel at ptitu ere may et the petitzti-Dated this let day of December. nU7; BISBSLY, PATI?ISON. and WIGG. l, LinDncol11a4n-fdeds Solrcotors for tbe PetitIonemrs eeTNtrolt snANCERY.-Notice b t ereby given. that u8n3der and by virtue ot an Actof Parliament,patedIn tbelth and 2Othylean of the rign of her present xajfect Queea Victodri. in. tituledan Act to taciltate LeawesadSe,ftlled tecare.t I-the TIOrt entied In the mattcr of the sad Act and In the mttWr o t Lord Ataftord's settled estates sitatet in the yalissm or plaO c,o otberwise cadlld or known bY the names of tsffcrd Catle,en. nOh Brad,ly aliAS Bradley, BliMngton,Llttlwood Stafford-town, SL ary. S3t. ChaA. ForebridRe, Slas Forebigge, Lovdaule, Copnall alias OoonaIl, dedioa.Brough, E ardQaceBartoDuken. . ro to brodke, alla rosbcooke,DltbamHougbxtoi.PenbridgandWaltoD ner Stone In the ournty ofei fford, udShafDcalLallasId.All,9anton i,UzardbWoodblde. Brgckley-ban. Conptce-green. DraLYton Hanetgton Woodhoume Oakenx GatesLo! thee.Bl7thburyWke andtd abouid anorthe the omunt Of Sao otherwi clltatein the aoDiuntIes of StaffrAndaudop.wae onte 23d dayo t November, 1857. prt oted to thRist Hon.the Lord maeih ChanDellorf Greet Britain, by the Right Hon. Henry VaLntIne, od Stafbrd the mot Noble Henry Granvlle, Duke of N orfolk. the Right Hou. Willio Bernard, Lord Eerre, Charles Few, of Streatham, in the counI of rgentleman. and Robet Yew, Ot ODtent-ga4den, in the county vf Middiecer, gentleman,prayin that a power to GRANT BUILDING or IMPROVING EASES of all or any Part, or parts of the wad settled estates to any personr or person, for any term or number of years not exoeedIng 99 yeare mIght be vested In thoupetitoeerHenar Valenine Lord Stafford, during his rLfe, And in the sevear'other cone of George Williamo, late Lord Stafford. to whom setates for life were by an indentur dated the 6th day of rebrry, 1833, limitA as andwhen by irtueorAthelltadthto contained n the l indenture,they sould severally, aucoeaiely, and resuyterlY be in the actual posesesion of, or entitled to, the reoeipt ofthe rents, fiue and proaits of the Bad eIttled estates, GI any pt tsreomf, dung the ontinUnooue of thetr etadtes theIn andr the petioner, Henry Granville, Duke of Norfolk. and William Bertara Lord (otre, mad the survivor of them, and the exeutor Or admin"Lar tors of sn euh brtvor, from time to tin and at all tizae during the minority of any chid or children or lasue, who by vrWe o any of the limitations aforeusad should for the time eing be entitledto thepoeseson or to therecelDt of therentoeand profit of the eas etetaecso that every leae lobe grnted by virte of that power be imade with arnd subject to the "ame provisions, reetd&clcn and oDndi. t -oaaswerebythesadlndentmofthe 6thdayof Fehruary, 833 dlrec,ed with respect to building or mpr n le-Mes, granted by virtue of the said power In that be alfcntained In the said Indenture ; and notice is herey fuer give that much titon will ia due oumr be head before W Honor the VleWObanoellor Sir Jobt Sturt, and that the plan where the satd petitioners Ae to be sved with petition or notice under the said Act of the otace of Mesm Few Band Oa,, 5, Henriptta.cireet. Coyenl.garden, in the county of Mid. dleex.-Dated thIs 27th day of November, 1857. 11ER MIAJESTY' TEJXATRE!.~-.ULLIEN'h GR.ANDdT CLASSIOECONCElITS.-The splendid Deooma lions of theBal M erq continue laniu truderna orffn dlle.Jetty Trefi, Miss yabella Goddag ni,and n.RemenYL-The Indian Quadrillbe rpand General Havelo's Grand Triumhal Marcb-A. Mendelsor hn Pelght.-PR0 inee4 for TheS ETnirs Lu- ec. -a rt B .-Stmphonyhe entirwork The taUsi elohn Do, o1uwould ta8t my lov Madame Rudeera do (he dit aperane tis econ)andMdi..Jetty Treffa-Mendeleoh; oncrto(Voli). . eme3l(Solo Violninis to Her Malesty) Mendelaso~ , The Fis Vi l~Mdli.. jey Treffz-NeDdeluoDhn- (PianofortenPD mino (first time o7f pedrormano at A ll onoer Chrione Galao Goddlad (her divettt aper e tis a l-Meralendeiohn Solo and Ohorac inalae to" al:o tSols by Matdame Rudoendorif; tbs Chorus pert In Lorle" il h sngby the Members of the RVya Surrey uhraml Soiety, underthe direction of Mr. Land)-Men abela. Par2 Quedille "Th IndanQadrille (18th time of perforsmane)- Julien'Germx Led,"The Recruit," MdIle. Jty Treffi-Kucken; MoldviaSchttiche(first time this Neassn)-JuIMen; Soo (Violin). "COgnAvaL,~ RemeiOl- 1Eeyt; GalRp, . "ViTe EZMpcuZS"- eae isr,; a upper boxes, IJa glleery, Is.; dres sircle, . B hBOX Ais 6d. and upwadt Pivate boxes may be obtanedattebo-ofieat te tohneatr where Proepectues th full rticlar at all the braites : and at Juie0 ea Cond' Q 2 Ttm14. Redent -st ht eh 7 gnreatly IrDI aDDears I.-Grat1^Otacs sntltled INGAN U NEQUA TH,witnb TOm: Tayl, Req., andeh hie . izllim M.Bcktn,. Chippendale Mr. PWOUln .*1 m Farreo, Mr. Ricerm Mr. Clark Mr. Braid, and new omeutor wlld O lpDOWiwcMB-lucto w ll eatnerapighin Toa Co o luinh F I8 hRISH OUT Or WATER. O aeu m Svu, TU1HE TR ER YAL,OY ADAttrae Pt onS1 lAS Adeiphe TJ3 h grand new spcalar an supernathea drma ofheegedto the Hed. Man evr nOTht,in whic M L. B e. Webster and MadaMme C elest il oi.Te Dapr Whoa forani IBeeevenda? ever DAzy q HIS EVENIN of Old Germany, an OF THE bDLESJ MAN, with new mudsi sey, drsses apolnon d effects U:byi.BrJ Bit, h M Neele.lr,Idlle. And the screaminf e o Q STIoN? odr Who's DAIfor India N rs. W hillngl o Pau Bedtrd: C. Sely Mi se Aidn . Kneeley Yc . F.Jo OBSE's TTHI reeentieo at h the Rr Chwarls Reom. may behaatteb-ofcoftehar, rris STIG n Masudl..HSK N ilb~ Y YE TE ATRE.L- Weekbut R Two f the pera idasoW= mnusztteFrminrat0e onf ithe 19th thel provincial Mangyemento.-In Pnence h gm% and THInce8in succl Bale' new operan, T REOE OF CASTILLE, I will berepeated Yr GevenIng untIl forther notice. O B IF WT EATRE.-Lesseg, WrT. TI,OharlEeDi]tNIG i be pneparatloia for0 hristras, LATXL EOO;or, The Pod,K Cthe Princess, and the Troubadour. It will b e d d onascale ,o t grandeur 8itero unattLemp In ts Inetop CTo In Prs OPERA BUa'tWeatreTH18 RobING 8 J .clock RtioclN s c elebrated o Glorgi, ebignora BetlogIo, lisr Ftrso ;e t Yim Car and Glorgtti, hazs. fi.; pit, Is. galery lo. 6d. Sehsuad private boxes at Mr. Kitchell's I *'ihlrity, 33. Old Boud.etrsee. SOHOILgY THE lTh.-- JAXWS T 81VNIh's BTHE WIT. I REVENIG. 81rA;THEIIIMr AND P E?RUOHIO M r. James.NOT A BADn l{r(: MburA OREA ATONLSTANADTETE CaX Shoredit-o Yrite, Mr. DJ ol Er evenigoth gadOspectle of THE Mr with w THATRE ROYAT4 HAYMARKET, Unde theManaemen of i, uckitons, THEATRE BOYAL ADRmLPeHI, ProritorMrB. ebter Drecres. ad MeCLcet ae, Wilon.Wit th ne drusa TH LEENDOF EH EADLESS WIlte andReely. Ad THEDBAPB~R UESTON Ior. Who's ROYAL PRINCESS'STHEATRE. Under the Manaement of Mr. Charles Keen. THIS EVENING willbe rvseted Shakbapearca raged of KING RICHA'RD II. King Bihar II., by lMr. C, Keen;Queen, by Mrs. . Keeni. PrecededbyA CAS 0 1B C ONSCNIENE ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRIL Lesee, esss.F.RobonSMW,S. Emdsn, THISEVEING WHT WLL HEYSAYAT BROKPTON I ROYAL LYCEUM THEATRE. Under the Joint Managementof MisLoaisa Pine WdMr,W.HarIInI, THIS EVENING Ball e'e new opera THE ROSE OF CASTILLE: NMisslouisa Iyne, Mis S. Pyno, Miss M. Presctt Mr. . Glover, Mr. St. Albyn Mr. G. Honey, Mr. Wallworth, and Mr. W. Harrison. Conductor-alr. Mellon. To coDnclude with A PAIR OF PIGEONS, OPERA BUTPFA_-ST. JAMES'S THEATRE. THIS EVENING will be presented Rlccl's opera, COHISPINO B LA COt,ARI. CharaotersDy Signora Fumalalli de Giorgi, SIgnor de Glorgi, Signor CasteiL, and Signor Glorgetti. THEATUR ROYAL, SADL1R'S.'WELLS. Undr te Mnagmen ofMv.Phelps. THISEVEING THEOL&DEhISXM&BRIAI3E. Lord SURREY THEATRE Lesses lesrer, Shepherd and CreeWik, THIS EVENiING, TH WIFE'S REVENGE. Sir Evrard, Mr. W;rd%H1V MorWa.Mr. B. Potler: Geofery, Mr. Eburne major allaiel;1eanor MIre N. burne. INDIA, 1I5. Captai iMorton. Mr. Shepherd; Damon, Mr. WLddloomb. AnA WELLINTON P10435: M ran . w-Wldcoib,A- A STLE BS ROYAL AMPHTHEATRE, LIee and Manager, Mr. Will1am Cooke. THIS EENING, the ewgrad oiltt,ysectcl,ntluedTHE 8seones In the Arena. itrtoducing the equestrian artiste, of the eetablithneut. Conuuding with a farce called THEY DUKESr TO CORXESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times b reduced to 4d., and that d Is the price of a copy -with the imp7reesed stamp affixed. Under the amended re Iations of the Post-office (Nn. 60) 2 Timu , trawmnlble by poot to British colonles and foreign countries without an im1preaed stamp. No notoie can be tken of anonymous cormunleatlonD Whatever is Intended for insertion must be authenrIated bq the name and addrem of thei {&rie; not necesariy for pulblicaton, but ma a gurnte of Ida good fait We Caot lundertake to retuntn rejected communications tWThephlaln fTr in cmeedal 'lc erda
LONDOZN THURSDAY, DEEMBER 3, 1857. This day the Imperial Parliament. meets for an extraordinary Session. The Qu(;&f ulmnmons the Lords and Common, to counsel at an unusual period of the year in consequence of the grave disturbance which has recently prevailed in the commercial affairs of the country, but, happily, rather to ask their acquiescence in that which is past than to provoke discussion upon organic changes for the future. The cauaes and results of the recent mone. tary disturbances are at least well understood The course which the QuzrEs teponsible advisers have xeen fit to adopt In the midst of the turmoil and confusion which have recently prevailed in the commercial world is so entirely sanctioned by precedent that we cannot anticipate any but one conclusion to the deliberations of the Iegislative Body. However grave may be the circumstances which at the presnt moment afflict certain portions of the empire, it is well it should be clearly understooad that Parliament is convened to-day chiefly,-we may say, solely-to give its xanction to the extraordinary measures of relief which were necssitated by the commercial distres conequent upon over-speculation and incautious credits. It is not our wish to anticipate the paragraphs of the Speech wbich the Qutsrs adviers place in EER M.JESTsS hands according to time-honoured custom. We entirely disclaim all offcial authority for the few suggestions which follow. Time -was when the communication of a few garbled extracts of the intended Speech from the Throne was made the subject of offcial mystification and of specila favour. That time is past. All men, however, who are practically engaged in political affairs are fully aware of the subjects to which a Royal Speeeh must necessarily make passing allusion, and of the general policy which muxt be foreshadowed as likely to be that of the Cabinet upon each particular point. The Speech from the Throne is on a grander and more majestic scale, similar to the address which a candidate delivers from the hustings when he would secure the votes of a constituency. The chief political incidents and polh. tical requirements of the day are briefly passed in' review, but in such a maxner as may leave the greatest latitude of action and present the nar- rowest front for attack. All this is as it should I be. We have no wish to see substituted in the place of the general and formal programme with which the proceedings of the British Parliament are usually opened any more precise and definite declaration of a general policy which must neces- sarily be kept subordinate to the tenour of passing | events. We do not look for a lengthened emsay upon the universa aspect of political affairs such as is customary on the other side of the Atlantic at the opening of the Legislative' Session. We are content that the QuzE's advisers should briefly exprem their opinion upon the half-dozen most important events of the time, and as tersely and succinctly as they please indicate the general policy which it is their intention to recommend for the adoption of the SOVEREIGN. Viewed in this light there can be no I great difficulty in anticipating the general features of the State document which will in a few hours be made public as the Speech from the Throne. First and foremost comes the financial difficulty. Upon this point the Ministers will ask-and not in vain-for the sanction of the Legislature to their recent act. To what lengths a currency debate would run if sufficient time were given for the elaboration of every dream and the discussion of every delusion it is not for us to say. Suffice it for the moment to announce that the Quzues advisers will not seek to reopen the whole question, but will content themselves with asking for that indemnity which has been granted to their predecessors under precisely similar circumstances. The definite course to be adopted will, we believe, consist in a recommendation-first, that the sspension of the restriction on the issue of paper by the Bank shall be left open until Parliament shall reassemble in February next; and, s&zondly, that the Brnk Committee of last Session shall be reappointed to consider the whole subject in all its bearings. This is the only point upon which the two Houses will be asked to come to a decision befote the Chrismas rees. The Speech, however, which will be delivered from the Throne this day is not a mere introduction to a Session of three weeks' duration; it is the programme to which Lord PALFERSTON ancd his colleagues will be held until the grouse shall again flutter forth in tempting flight upon the Scottish hills. As such, the policy of the empire in its more striking details, as well as in its general aspect, must be pawed under review. Of course, the Indian Mutiny and its consequences will claim a large share of attention, and the Lords and Commons will be asked to consider whether a more permanent guarantee for the future tranquillity and prosperity of British India might not be derived from a revison of the complicated sytem upon which its government has been conducted for the last seventy years. The Sesion, to all appearance, will be mainly occupied with the consideration of this topic. There has been a RomanCatholicSession, a Reform Session, an Income-tax Sesion, a Corn Law Session, and the one now about to open will to all appeaance be an Indian Session. It wiU be well if this should be so, and if the nation would consent to postpone the consideration of other business of lem pressing importance to the paramount necessity of resettling the government of British India upon a sure and permanent fouudation. A course, however, so simple and so business-like is scarcely to be expected from a popular assembly which of necessty deals with so many pledges and promises. For the satisfaction of those who have more anxiously and more peculiarly turned their attention to the home policy of the empire we may then venture to suppose that there wil be a paragraph in the Royal Speech announcing the deterniination of Ministers to redeem their pledges upon the subject of Parliamentary Reform. Such a paragraph there will be, and no doubt with the most honest intentions on the part of the makers to redeem the promise it will convey; but we may reasonably doubt if one Session will be found long enough for the consideration of Indian Reform and for a serious discussion upon an important extension of the Electoral Franchise. Upon European policy there will be little to say, for our relations with the other States of Europe are now upon a perfectly friendly footing. The DanubianPrincipalities, the despatch of our Envoy to Nicaragua, and the Slave Trade, may claim a _ _ _ _ . . .. . . -- - pasing notice, but these minor topics will sink into nothing as compared with the subjects of more general interest which we have already named. We are compelled to add that there is one point which, doubtless, the QuEEN's advisers would fain pass over in silence, but which will be necessarily recommended to the special attention of Parliament -we mean the distressed condition of the operatives in the manufacturing districts. An ungenial Christmas, we fear, awaits too many of them. The arrangement which has been made with regard to the relief of the Jewish Disabilities,-namely, that Lord JoHN Russi,?L shall introduce a measure in his own name, but with the asurance of Government support, will obviate any necesity for allusion to so vexed a point. We can only regret that Lord PAzauxnsToN should abandon to his great political rival a measure which has always been carried, and with inCreaSing majorities, in the more important of the two Houses. Such, we believe, will be substantially the chief features of the Speech which will be delivered from the Throne this day.
Parliament will this day asemmble iu extraordinary Sesaon for the despatch of wrgent business, and,though the question of the Bank Oharter Act may be the first to present itaelf 'under the category of emergencies, the great Indim discussions to be expected in the spring will certainly be anticipated by prolonged debates, although there will probably be no proposal oli which an immediate decision need be taken. Such a subject is too important and absorbing to be, kept in reserve, and the events of the last two months have rendered it even more interesting, though happily less alarming, than before. The aspect of the case at this moment is not a little remarkable. Our Indian empire has incurred a most terrible peril, but it has also accomplished a moet wonderful escape. Our authority in Eindostan has been shaken to its very foundations; but it has, nevertheless, by its own inherent stability survived the shock. Our countrymen and countrywomen have in some places perished under outrages so diabolical as to call for the most signal retribution; but in others their incomparable heroism has triumphed over every amault, and upon the balance of the whole struggle we have decisively conquered. The game, in short, has been a dreadful one; it tells heavily egainst our policy that it should ever have been played; but, as a matter of fact, it has been won, and. our power is established more solidly than ever. For some time to come it Will be natural to speculate on the circumstances in which this monstrous mutiny may really have taken its rise. The investigation will probably furnish much useful intelligence, and assist us in maturing sound views on Indian affairs; but, for ourselves, we must needs say that after the experience of the last six months we have ceased to think that the inquiry will reveal any extraordinary secret. Looking at the constitution and materials of the Sepoy army, we are compelled to regard the explosion as a catastrophe which was likely to occur at any moment and froom almost any cause. The caso was literally that of a powder magazine, and, though even gunpowder will not explode without a spark, fire may be struck from so many and such slight collisions that there is little marvel when the event actually arrives. It might, we really suspect, prove a more edifying subject of investigation if we were to collect and contemplate the various expedients by which the catastrophe was7Taverted up to the present year. The real wonder is not that the Bengal army revolted, but that it did not revolt till the year 1857, and we should probably find that many a wise and politic measure had been foregone as the price of its sufferance. It would be fortunate if we had nothing but Delhi to point to, or if we could bring forward the examples of Agra and Lucknow without having our attention arrested at Cawnpore. But there is no disguising the fact that we have had our affictions as well as our triumphs, and that even the victories of WuIoX and Avp.LocK cannot effce the recollection of outrages offered to our name and nation. Could any possible efforts have saved the Cawnpore garrison? If that rescue could have been accomplished, the reflection that it was left undone would be terrible; but th, simplest of reckonings seems to relieve us from so deplorable a conclusion. The very day on which the decisive intelligence of the Sepoy insurrection reached us-the 27th of June-was the very day also on which Cawnpore capitulated to NrAA SAHB. The culminating atrocity of the mutiny had actually been perpetrated at the moment when its real proportions were first announced to us. To have arrived at Cawnpore in time for the rescue troops must have left these shores in February-a period at which the defection of the Bengal army would in this country have appeared as incredible a contingency as an irruption of Red Indians into Canada. Whether we did at last receive a colnviction of the truth, and discern the full force of our obligations as soon as we ought to have done, is another question. There can be no doubt that we were blind to the course of things before us. The event has made this plain enough, but reason and fairness require that we should judge not merely by the event, but by the circumstances which preceded it. The Government of this country was slow to credit the true meaning of the mutinies, but in its incredulity it did but follow its natural guide-the Government of India. The Government of India has less justification for its error, but it can point, at any rate, to the emphatic and unhesitating assurances of the authorities best qualified to keep it truly informed. When the mutineers had deluded their own commanding officers into a reliance upon their loyalty,-when the very men whose daily lives -were passed among the Sepoys transmitted to Calcutta the most positive reports of the fidelity of their regiments,-it is hard to see what evidence could be taken in preference to this. True, there were examples of open mutiny, but when had there not been? Sepoys were always expostulating, threatening, and revolting. The first explosion was simply identified with one of the periodical outbreaks to which occasionally a fanatical panic, but more frequently tyrannical presumption, had impelled our Brahinical ievies for many years past. 'Unhappily, delusion at one end of the chain brought delusion at the other. The Calcutta authorities believed the Bengal officers, and our Home Government believed the Calcutta authorities, so that troops which might have sailed from England in April or May did not sail till July or August. Yet it is but just to recollect that when the real state of things was once discovered the exertions actually made in the despatch of troops to the East and in the formation of reserves at home are almost without parallel for energy and success. I is no slight thing to have sent off 30,000 soldiers on a voyage of 16,000 miles in the space of two months, and to be able to say at the end of that period that we had still as many fighting men at home as we had before the first detachment was embarked. AS regards our future policy, three broad general conclusions may be regarded as established by the experience which has been compressed into these six eventful months of Indian mutinies. First, the military strength of the Indian Government must no longer be based upon a dominant Sepoy army. This moral is now so clear as to admit of no dispute. It has now been proved by irresistible evidence that the materials of insurrection in India are in the first instance wholly, and from first to last almost wholly, confined to our own creations in the shape of native soldiers. Whatever may be the operation of caste, the institution never exerts any overt influence upon a Hindoo's demeanour towards his rulers until he has beenenlisted for military service, equipped with militaryweapons, and fused into a well-organized military array. If there had been no Sepoys there would have been no revolt, and so purely professional, indeed, is the proved character of the insurrection, that to this very moment even the contagion of overt rebelion has hardly infected the population of the country, except in the peculiarly situatd province of Oude. For the future, our military estabshments should resemble those of the armies by which Delhi was taken and Lucknow relieved -viz., they should comprise natives in numbers enough to give a good auxiliary force, but Europeaus in strength enough to play the principal part and insure the fidelity of our allies. Secondly, the personal capacities of Indian officers of both services have been placed beyond reach of doubt. Nowhere could better servants be found for the reorganization and administration of India. Such anadmirable machinery should be at once taken up and employed to the best advantage. Thirdly, this machinery should be allowed its full play by the substitution of a responsible Govermment for a divided Diroction. The compromise of prerogatives which his rulted from nearly a century of jealousies and contexts has been sadly prejudicial to the efficacy of our Indian Adminigtra. tion. The authority exertea in such an Administration should be direct and vigorous-not distributed between departments or wasted in a cir¢uit of transmission. Fortunately, whatever care may be required in the adjuwtment of details, we need apprehend but little difficulty in the general arrangement. On the military point our course is clear, for the Sepoy army has achieved its own destruction, and it has been proved by experiment that the maintenance of a sufficient European army in its place is easly within our power. The servants of the Company give us the best possible machinery ready for instant employment, and if the corporate functions of this ancient body are superseded by agencies better adapted to the times its deeds and its glory will still survive in the splendour of the empire which it won.
The necessity of passing an Act of Indemnity in favour of the BankDirectorsfortunately involves nO reason for hasty legilation. The principles of curreney have, from various cause, been at aU times discussed with considerable warmth, and the commercial body has only just emerged from a panic. Few men would wish that their future fortunes should depend on a decision formed when they were angry or when they were frightened. The members of the Government and the recognized finsncial authorities of the House of Commonx are especially bound to protect the country against any hasty impulse towards change. With few excep. tions they had themselves long since deliberately made up their minds, not only that the paper currency should purport to be convertible, but that a self-acting machinery should seCure its conversion. The reasons on which their judgment was founded still retain their validity, although it is fair that fuU inquiry shouid be made into the circutstances which occasioned the recent violation of the law. Before conceding any modifieation of the existing system, its advocates ought to understand whether they are dealing' with mechanical details or virtually giving up the whole theory which they have hitherto profesed. It seems scarcely possible that any relaxation can fail to facilitate a repetition of the extravagant abuse of credit which caused the late misfortunes. The defenders of sound doctrines will not want for support in the country. It is a curious fact that while political parties exist side by side in every district, the different forms of opinion on currency are in a great measure locally grouped in the different centres of trade and manufacture. Birmingham has for a Iwhole generation harboured the extreme sect of papermongers, represented by the MnTnuzEs, the ATwOOnS, and the SpooN=. The Scotch system of banking has, not unnaturally, fostered the easy commercial morality which has lately found 0 somany spokesmen at Glasgow. The capitalists of Manchester and of its tributary towns hold sounder views of the relation between wealth and credit. It is a remarkable cirumtanc that the trading districts of Lancashire have voluntarily dispensed with provincial banks of imue.. The great bulk of their transactions is carried on by means of private securities, without any actual transfer of money; and the currency which is necessary for their business is furnished by the Bank of ung. land. The Chamber of Commerce at Liverpool, although divided in opinion as to the Bank Charter Act, seems to entertain sound views as to the causes of the recent panic, and Its members not unreasonably congratulate themselves on the manner in which their fellow-citizens have borne the sudden pressure occasioned by the American bankruptcies. Few mercantile houses have fallen, though the Borough Bank furnishes one of the least creditable instances of joint-stock rashness and mismanagement. The traders of Liverpool are not of opinion with Mr. BucHANA, of Glasgow, that no overtrading has taken place. Mr. BusnmL34 the Chairman of the meeting held on Tuesday, made some highly judiCious obxervations on the abuse of credit. " It is " shamefully abused," he truly said, "when "it has no other foundation than a bold and "reckless, daring, which, regardless of all con"sequences, deals with hundreds of thousands " as if they were grains of sand, upon the " principle of ' Heads I win, tails you lose."' The demands for unlimited facility of discount are equivalent to a desire for a stil further infliction of spurious credit. " The system," says Mr. BuSHEL, " is carried on chiefly by means of bills " of exchange, and seeing there must be three "parties to each bill-a drawer, an acceptor, and, "last not least, a discounter-it seems reasonable "that if capitalists, money-lenders, discount "brokers, and bankers would regard the character "and means of those who hold these bills more "than the magnitude of their transactions, they "have the check-strings in their own hands." The injuries inflicted on the community by the reclkless advances of certain joint-stock banks and money-lenders are by no means confined to the sufferings of creditors or shareholders on the collapse of unsound adventures. The fair trader, who employs capital of his own and legitimate credit, is outbid or compelled to submit to an artificial rise and fall of the markets by the competition of rivals who must buy to employ their borrowed fands, or sell to pay off their most pressing liabilities, in the hope of obtaining renewed credit. Forced exports, high-priced imports, and unfavourable exchanges are among the natural comsequences of unlimited banking facilities. There is reason to believe that within a recent period speculations of this kind have done much to raise the price of raw materials, and, consequently, to diminish the profits of manufacturers; and ultimately, as in all cases of illegitimate trade, it comes to the turn of the consumer to suffer. If the Liverpool merchants have been comparatively exempt from the errors which have been so widely committed, they are fairly entitled to the commendation bestowed on them in their Chamber of Commerce. It is not surprising that some of the members should have expressed an opinion that the Bank Charter Act had failed. The measure adopted by the Government suspended the experiment before it had been fully tried. The Bank had done its utmost, in concert with other money-dealers, by raising the rate of discount to 10 per cent. aud it might eventually have been compelled to withhold all further advances. The trade of London would have been in confusion. Numerous firms would have been forced to close their doors; and wide-spread misery would have been the conaequence. But what would have been the cause ? The crisis had been brought on by a wilful disregard both of the legisative restrictions imposed on the paper currency and of the legitimate principles of commerce. The Bauk of England had given warning; it had endeavoured to check the drain of gold; the action of the law, as far as it had been really operative, must have been in a great measure bene. ficial, but the great discount house believed that the Government would give way at the last noment, and, as the result proved, they were correct in their anticipation. The Bank Charter fully and fairly carried out is yet untried. Restriction may be useful even where It is not sufficient to prevent calamity. Mr. BRueL's piles, and hawsers, and hydraulic rain have from time to time failed in launching the envathan but they have undoubtodly tended to prod,io'th result for which they wero designed. The principle of the Bank Act in reltion to commerce is that |crodit should, as far as it can be regulated by currency, be proportionate to capitaL. Unsound traders naturally fiad thAt Xuch limitations are by no meaus conducive to their interests. The inauries which their competition infficts on the legitimate merchant not unnrequently involve him in the necessity of obtaining aocommodation under circumstances which give him a distaste to the stringency of the existing law. But additional encouragement to speculation would only aggravate the grievance. In its primary sad most indispensable object Sir ROBRBT PEE's Act has been eminently sucoeful. The value of the bank-note has never been questioned, inasmuch as its convertibility is fully received. There has been a general rush for discounts; but there has been no symptom of a run for gold. At a time when the American banks, with their legal liability to convert their notes, have nevertheless supended cash payments, it is not an inconsiderable advantage that' no similar risk has arisen on this side the Atlantic. The law provides that the money in the hands of the community should be precisely that which it both requires and has the means of obtaining. The collective amount of paper and gold is regulated by the amount of gold which would circulate in the absence of paper. The law is only artificial IQ SO far a it checks the purely artificial creation of a paper currency. The watU, with all its machinery of wheels and springs,' corresponds with the solar time. Any scheme which may be spbstituted will at least have the disadvantage of being comparatively empirical and arbitrary.
PARLIAArXIN,7ARy _NTZ BZXRTMHMEy Earl Grauvilen, the d President of tle Council, ar the leader of the MRinisterIal party in the House of Lords, ve a fll-dresParliamentary dr laset 'VeAeig at his ErdshiVaoousnt In Bruton-street, u customary on the e ee of the opening of Parliqment, The". were present his Royal Highne, the bl)ke of Cambridge,' the Lord Chianellor, the Duke of A&rgyll,t the h arquki of Lanadowne, the Marquis of Clanricarde, the Mfar. quis Townhend, the Marqua of Anglesey, the EArl of Clarendon, the Earl of Harrowby, the Earl or ABeigdon, the Earl of Sbaftesbury, the EArl of Euex, the Earl of Torrington, Lord Portman Vtbe Hon- Gerdd kvtv l (eO seconder), Lord Byron, Lord D.fferxn, Lord Foley, Lrd Caminoy. Lord Stanley of Aldley., Loord Ltiford, and Lord Ward. After the dinner Earl GranviUe rea the~ spoeech to be delivered by Her Majesty at the opening of Parliament to-day. Viounut Palmerston, as First Lord of the Trasury, had a full-drews Parliamentary dinner last eyen_ng at 'Cam. bildge-houee, The circle included the Right Hon. the Speaker, Mr. W. Martin and Mr. Aekroyd (t'e mnover and seconder of theAddreae),theRigbtHon..SfrGorgGrey,the flight Hon. Sir C.Wood,the RihtHon. the Chancellorof the Exchequer, the Right Hon. Henry TAbouchere, the Right Hon. Robert Vernon' Smith, the Right Hlon. Sir Ben'amin Hall, the Right Hon. IL. T. flanes,l the Right Hon. William Frncis Cowper, the Right Hon. W. G. Hayter, the Earl of Mulgrave, Viscount Castlerosee Lord Ernest Bruce, Lord Alfred Papet, the Attorney-.General, the Solic1tor.-Genaral, the Attorney-Genera for Ireland, thie Right Hon. Charles P. Villiems, Viscount Monck, Viseount Duncan, Mr. T. G. Baring, the Hon. E. P. Bouverie, the Hon. Henry Brand, GenralBucley Mr Chrle Clffod,Mr. Chichester For.
THE LnVxYrnw.-In consequence of the delay caused in the delivery of the large hydraulic rams it was found impossible to get them fixed and al the preparations for pushing the vessel completed till so late an hour yesterday that it was decided to defer further attempts till this morning. DQring this delay all the mooring tackle which is to drag her towards the river has been completely repaired and got into order, and Trotman'xanchors sunk to hold the chains which drag upon the stem and stern. Great things are expected from these latter when the vesel shall have advanced too far down the ways to be easily reached even by the newhydraulic machineswhich have beenfixed close alongside. Four new machinex of great power have thus been built into the timbers of the launching-ways, so that there seems not the most remote chance of any further hitch occurring to-day. His Royal Highness the Prince of Prussia yesterday afternoon paid a long vist to the yard, and minutely inspected not only the vessel, but the tremendous apparatus for moving her down to the water. He examined both with equal attention, and with evident manifestations of surprise at the colossal scale on which al connected with the Leviathan wras conducted. Mr. Branel and Mfr. Yates had the honour of conducting this ilustrous visitor over the yard and explaining the whole arrangements of the launch. Mlr. Hodges, of the Western Circuit, has been appointed Chief Justice of the Cape Colony. The selection of Mr. Hodges for this appointment has been in no degree influenced by party considerations, as Mr. Hodges has never taken any share in politica discussion. Mfr. Hodges is the author of a valuable work on railway lands. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acklnowledges the receipt of a banknote for 51. " for overlooked income-tax," from " W. H. H." FEMSOinZY SAYD rE P1Lnxe OF PRUSSIA.- Last night the usual qurerly oommunication of the Unlted Grand Lodge of the Free and Accepted Mwons of England was held in the Masonic-hall, under the presideacy of the Mo-st Worahipful the Earl of Zetland, Grand Master. It being known that his Royal Highness the Prince of Pussi hAd expremsed hIs intention of being present aa a visitor, there was a larger than ordinary attendanoe of the repre3entatives of the subordinate lodge; properly clothed and jewelled, so that the appearance of the lodge was peculiarly impressive. The chamber known as the Temple was fitted up in a most magnificent style as a reoeption-room with magnificent mirrors and cabinet-work, while the face of the organ was oompletely oonceaed by a tastefully arranged group of flags of various nation; those of Rngland and Prvsia being the most conspicuous. This was surmounted b7 the Prusian egle. The reception given to his Royal Highness in Grand Lodg was miet enthusiastic, and his Royal Highness, inacknow.sdging it, sid tht although this was the first ocasdon of his appe ring In tbat haU among the freemasons of England, his hert had always been among them from the fist day he had the honour and bhppineas of being a freemaon. The Grand Master, in the name of the Grand Lodge, preented his Royal Highness with a copy of the Book of ConstItutIons. Hs Royal Htigness, wvhen retiring, expressed the great pleasure he had derived from his visit, and promitsed to noneur the behretn by repeatinz it D or Mn. Nonhrs LaDou.-It is with deep regret that we announce the death of Mr. Norman Ilacdonald, the Controller of the Lord Chamberlain's Department, who died on Tuesday night under a very sudden vWisitation. The deceased gentleman on Tuesday afternoon, after caling on the Marquis of Breadalbane, in Parklane, went to Lady Elizabeth Hope Vere, and during his visit he was seized with an apoplectio fit while oonversing with the MaIchioness of Ely and the family circle preset Dr. Stone was instantly called in, and Mr. Mirtin of Grosvenor-street sent for, the xtter gentleman having for some years attended the deceased. Mr. Macdonald was re moved about 8 o'clock to hie rsddegce at the Lord Chamberlain's-offloe in St. James' Palce, and, notwithstdaing the utmoetattentlon, he died at a few minutes before 10 o'clock. The deoeaaed was the only son of the late Gmneral Sir John Macdonald, K.C.B., for many years Adjutnt General at the Horse Guards. He succeeded about fite years a Si Wiliam Martins, as Controller of the Lord Chamber Ws DepLrtinent. COAL STATTICS-From the monthly "Export Coal List' for October, published by Messrs. W. and H. Laird, coal merchants, Liverpool, we find thAt thietotal qntity of coal exported from the English and Ecotch ports durlng the month of October lAt was 60,433 tons against 516,070 tons in the oonesponding 7month in 185I The quantities e rted to the various con tental and fTreig countries wer as follows :-To Prance, 124,54 tons; Denmark, 34,639; Norway. 1l,173; Sweden, 10755; Russia, 6,256 (agaInst 4,353 in October 185' utra 531 Germany, 81,522; Prussia, 44,939; Hoand, 28821;- ]el um, 7,301; Spatn, 18.311 - Portugal, 11.031; Italy 12,993' ; editerraneen 1874 - G a'j 1,212; Turkey-, 19,036, Mles, 32,610; Ausrala, 9,174 against 4,3 tons m the corresponding aontl of 1856); Eastindles, 43403; West Indies, 21,601; North Anerica 29718; South America, 29,319; Channel Islad, 6,78S; Aores 1,332; Canaries, 200 (apinst 4,371 in October 1856); Madel .266; Acension, 900- New Zeaad, 35; sa Ladrona Islzds, 664 tons Of tb total quantlity exported W86,20 tons were Shipped from the northbrn ports; 18,575 tons from the YorktshI ports; 49,197 tons from Liverpool 131,411 tons from bte SEvere porte; and 4D,046 ton ftr the Seotch por.-inaking in all 605,433 toea Thi l cloes with an interetng statement showing the uantity of coal and ooke broughlt by railway andclal wdis i London district, and entred at theeo ol.artkAin onrth of Octoberlas'. Prom this ble we find tbht e quanit of ools so brought to the London disrot lut mosuth by railway was 131,936 tons 12 cur.; and 'by catnl 23o tons 15 cwt. The totalquantity of ecxls brought into the Loi04. ditrit in the yea encinLOctober 1857, *&4 by rlwy 1,001,664 tons 10 OWL. beng a deceoe Inth monto 1856 of 28,656 tons 6owL ; the quantity brought by canal in tbe year 157 beng 2l,419 tons S cwt, be-a uira of 68 on as cOMPare with the quantity b,rought by gefg In 1856. b n
THrE INDIANi MUTINIBS. PESBAWTR Tne toiLowmng II 1 histOry of the proceedings of the British force in the Peeha.wrr valley during the Iudian rebellion of 1857:- On the 1. of May, 1857, the Peshawur force quarteredat yeShaWur, Nolherah, Hoti Murdan, and the frontier forts Pt the foot of the surrounding hills oompr!sed neurly 14,000 pien of all Arms, s follows, - A0azk.J-4f the Arer 24 Ighta neld uns eWere swuriD manned ead drTien by HndostAnees and the eight mo4h taln trinu Suns Thkbs the native troops moro than trebly outnumbered the uroens, having the whole of the cavalry, three-fourths Of the Infantry, and two-fifths of the artillery. 2. About the middle of May the news of the revolt of the )Utlve troops reached Peshawur, and the electrio telegraph continued to convey worse and worse tidings almost hourly. What could be more trying than the position of the military tad oivil authorities at this critical juncture ?-the enor2aous numerioal inferiority of the European troops, a large city teeming with hordes of fanatical Mahomedans, sworn Eeemies of our race and oreed, a crowded Suddur bazaar with its ruthless mob, and, worst of all, a host of robber tribes swarming on the surrontding hills thirsting for blood ancd plunder, who would assuredly join the stronger party. And what was to prevent the immense force of natives from rising suddenly and overpowering the Europeans ? It was, Indeed, a time of the greatest anxiety. The worst must be prepared for; every contingency must be taken into consIderatlon. The results prove that our leaders understood their position, and that their prudence, foresight, and good Conduct were, under the blessing of God Almighty, the sneans of our maintaining this important post, and thereby eaving the honour of the British name in Affgbanistan. 3. Not an hour was to be lost; accordingly the fort of Attcck, which commands the passage of the Indus, was grrisoned by a wing of Her Majesty's 27th Foot, pro. visioned for a siege, and its weak points strengthened. The Guides, a native local corps, the only reliable one in the valley, was sent to join the force moving on Delhi, where lt arrived in 22 marches, a distance of nearly 600 miles, one of the quickest marohes on record in Indian annals. The 3th Native Infantry, suspected of having received seditiouletters, were marched from cautonments and sent in detachs ments across the Cabal river to the frontier forts at the foot of the h3lls. Native correspondence was seized and examined. The communication with Attook was partially secured by sending the 55th Native Infantry and part of the 10th Irregular Cavalry from Nosherah, on the high road to Attock, across the Cabul river, to Hoti Murdan, now vacant by the departure of the Guides. The treasure, rmore than 27 Iaos of rupees (270,000f.), heretofore lodged in the old Residency, a building considered unsafe to inhabit, was sent into the fort, and the temptation to plunder it thus lessened in a great degree; and laly, the Residency, being a central spot, was made the head-quarters of the division and of the brigade, in order to facilitate the transaction of business, the General himself and the whole of the divisional and brigade staffresiding there. 4. These arrangements had been no sooner made than the 55th Native Infantry, on the 20th of May, mutinied, and seized the fort of Hoti Murdan, keeping their offlcers, without restraining them, under stict surveiUlance. The intelligence of this reached Peshawur on the night of the 21st of May. It was now evident that the native troops were rips for revolt; the spirit of rebelion which was raging in the North-Western Provinces had reached Peshawur, and must be met and subdued at once. In fact, it was a struggle for our existence, and upon the issue of the struggle here depended the fate of the whole of the Panjab. The effect of 8,000 or 10,000 troops in revolt marching threugh the Pun. jabmaybefaintlyimagined. They could not be pursued without cavalry, and of this arm we had not one reliable corps above UmbaUahh! Thus the rebel army, joined by the rest of the native troops at overy station, would have arrived at Delhi some 30,000 strong. In such a case could any Europeau force remaining have held out till troops arrived from home? Bat to return to Peshawur. The revolt of the 55th Native Infantry must be queled at once, to prevent the contagion from spreading. Now we must a' do or die" was the word. 5. The man for the crisis was present; the one among a thousand! With about 8,000 armed Poorbeahs in cantonments, it was impossible to detach a siDgle European to quell the mutiny at Hoti Murdan. It was determined to disarm the greater portion of the native force. Whether as a stroke of policy or for other reasons I know not, but the two Irregular Cavalry Regimaents (7th and 18th) and the 21st Regiment Native Infantry were allowed to retain their arms; On the morning of the 22d of May, before daybreak, commanding officers were summoned and a council wa held. Officers were then told of the determination of the authorities to disarm the native soldlery. Strong and touching must have been the appeals of commanding offioers for their regiments. It was, indeed, almost impossible for men who had served for years with their corps and were proud of them, who had watched their conduct in quarters and in the field, who shoulder to shoulder with their men had fought and won many a bloody fight--it was very diff6cult for these officers to realize the necessity of disarming their regiments, and great firmness was necessary to carry out the measure determined on. It is needless to add how heartily every one now coincides in and applauds the deoision and its execution. 6. It has been established boyond a doubt that a plot was laid for a simultaueous rising upon a certain day for the massacre of every European in Peshawur. At 7 a.m. on that very morning, after the council, without any sound of bugle or dram, the regiments to ' disarmed turned out under their own officers on parade, anu without a murmur laid down their arms by word of comrand. In the meantime the rest of the corps remained sunder arms in their own quarters, ready for actlon. But all passed off quietly, aud the arms were lodged in the magazine inside the fort. 7. That evening the force to subdue the 55th Native Infantry started for Hoti MIurdan. On the morning of the 24th the mutineers left the fort and retreated in sldrmishing order. A few of them, chiefly Sikhs, remained with their officers in the fort. The fugitives were dispersed, many kdlled, and more taken prisoners. About 400 escaped to the hills, where they were not at all wel received, and ali were made Mussulmans. Most of these tried to escape through Hazarah into Hindostan, but nearly all of them perished In the attempt. 8. Next, the dangerous proximity of the hostile tribes had to be provided against. Our available force for keeping theLm in check was much reduced by the disarming measure; moreover, the doubtful regiment which had been sent to the frontier was suspected of intriguing with ths hlll men and with the other regments in cantonmente. Overtures were made by the civil authorities, and these very men whom we had held in check by our native array, now din. armed, were invited to take oar service. They hesitated. A moment of fearful suspense and anxiety to the authori. ties ensued. The fate of Peshawar and of Its European in. habitants seemed to hang upon a thread. But God, who rules the wills of all men, inclined these lawless tribes to our side, and they fiocked in numbers to our standard. Their hatred was disarmed by our monoy, and our Sepoys overawed by their presence. Colonel Edwardes, C.B., Comrmissioner, whose career of fame had commenced on the frontier and at the siege of Mooltan, now called on the chief's of the country round about Mooltan and up towards Deragat, the scne of his former exploits, to send up to Peshawur levies of horse and foot, and thus show their allegiance. They willingly obeyed the oall, and came to Peshi wvur a numbers. While doing the work of rendering harmless the Sepoys, their presence preserved the peace, and sabsequently numbers of them have been sent to Delhi and elsewhere, to the number of 1,200. 1. To reinforce other posts, as well as the army before Delbi, a force of 1,600 men has been sent out of the Peshawurr Valley. This includes about 450 Europeans to garrison Attook; 250 European artillerymen, with 12 light field guns, besides the Guides. To replace such heavy draughts upon our Artllery a now battery was raised, manned and driven entirely by Europeans taken from the reserve companies of the Foot Artillery. Thus six fresh guns out of the magazine have been effielently manned. A lage number (250) of the European Iufantry have been taught artil. ler gun drilL A corps of 200 European Cavalry (Peshawur Light Horse) has been organized, and is fit for service. Thus the drain upon the Artillery ws compensated by the Infantry, a small Buropean volunteer corps (Cavaary) from the same bracb, and the deficlency thus created was filled up by the introduction of a reliable native force. 10. In the meantime nearly 3,000 Hindoetance Sepoys have been disposed of, either by execution, by imprison. met, or by summary discharge. The native population of cantonments has been oornpletely disarmed. The prisones (convicts) have been employed upon the Government works for the defenoe of Attock; and the confiscated propery of mutineers and deserters ha formed a fand able to mintain the prisoners and pay the stpulated rewards for their oapture The fort has been strengthened and provisioned, and its garrison, though small, is sur. The safety of caatoninents has been scured by defensible posts of Europeans belng stabished in diffeent paets, each furnished with a detail et ariley, Further, the disarmed corps have been marched out of their ines (barcks) into amp, so ax to be s44 tst *M yeiUawei UA no orMps, Eopen or ntIy' is ever without the presence of a European offioer, and all offioers remain with their respective corps throughout ihe night. The vacaut lines (hutb) of the dimred oorps have been levelled with the ground, and a eamon of rain will efface all trace of their existenee. ThecitysveTwed by the guns of the fort il posiUon againstIt. Two succemUl expeditions have been made against the frontier tibes of Ensofzye. Oar lone in each cae wsu oat trifing, while the effects have been most decisive, the largi vllage of Naringee being destroyed, and the frontier rebel chief killed. 1L A Land Trausport Train has been formed, by which Europeau troops cau be oonveyed long disanoes with little or no fatigue. Also sick men can be sent to Eawul PHndee, a distance of more than 100 miles, In four nights, and healthy men, if necessary, brought to replace them. In estimating the importance of the advantage derived fror the Land Transport Train, it must be considered that In this climate a maroh of 12 mUi renders the Europeau soldier unfit for further exertion from fatigue. This train hm already been of much use. 12. The artillery-park has been defended by an earth. work, rendering the gun safe from a audden rush of the rebels, by which they might have been taken and spiked when kept on the open pade ground. Besides the full reinforcemente sent to Delhi and elsewhere, with their large complement of officers, U officers have been detached from the corpa present, and sent out of the valley to aid In raidng new corps elsewhere. On offioers being clled for to erve before Delhi, Brigadier-General Cotton ordered 19 offices to start without delay and prooeed directly to join the army at Delhi; 13 of these were taken fromthe Pedhwur Valley. 13. The Bengal tiger, caged in the Peshawur Valley, may be called harmless, although half the bruWs fangs and claws remain. Abont 3,000 Hindostanee soldiers have been allowled to retain their arms, but they are counterbalanoed by 2,000 reliable native troops brought on the strength of our foroe Bdnce the month of May. 14. The following tabular statement shows the state of the Peshawur force at the beginning of the month of September, 1857, and tells a very different tale from the statement of the force on the 1st of May, 1857;- THE DECCAN. The following very interesting letter from Hyder. abad describes by what means the tranquillity of that important town has been preserved:- " Hyderabad, Deocan, Oct. 12. "As news from India is eagerly expected by all friends at home, I have thonght that you might possibly wish to hear from this place some short account of the general aspect of affairs now, and of the state of matters at this Coart since the breaking out of the rebellion. The newsof the Metrut and Delhi m cres took nearly a month to reach the city of Hyderabad; when it did arrive the result was at once observable in a distinct heaving of the masses and in attempts to excite the fanaticlsm and bigotry of the armed rabble of the place. From the first, however, the Nizam, true to the hereditary policy of his house, pronounced on the side of order, and In this decided attitude he was warmly supported by the old Shsul Oomrah, and by his intelligent Miister, Salr Singh. This determined attitude of fidelity to taties and of loyalty to the British Government called forth the indignatlon of the Moulvie and of the masss of the people, who lost no opportAunity of exoiting the feelings of those who had nothing to lose bht everything to gai by revolt and dis. turbance. Very fortunately for us the Arabs sood firm on the side of order. This is to be acunted for partly on the supposition that their servioe under the Nizan is a profitable one. They are, in faot, the Soucars of the city; they are wealthy and very avaridous, and they fore. saw that in the coming struggle, gain who might, theyshould lose. Besidesthis, the Minister paysthem regularly, andthey had,therefore, no special excuse forsidingagalnsttheGoverE. ment which behaved so well to them. At an early period the Arab Jemadars assured the Resident that they would support order, and up to this time they have faith. fuly kept their word. Besides the Arab, there are bands of armed ruffians in the city-Deccanees, Rohillas, Affghans, &o., over whom the control of the native Government has always been more or les nominal, and at one time It was impossdble to predict how far the active Minister's efforts to restrain them would be crowned with suoces. "The Moulvies almost to a mn were against us, and, while they acted upon the better clsses the rascally fakeers did all they could to excite the lower casses of the populace. I The most exaggerated accounts of our defeats and disaters reashed the city daily. The bigotry of the city was roused, and the whole tone of the native towards the European changed perceptibly. But our danger waa not confined to excitement within the walls of the city. There was also a strong suspicion that some of our native troops from Secun. derabad and from the Resident's escort had been attempting to exdte the fanatical feeling of the Hyderabad budmashes. This fact was vouched for both by Shums-ul.Oomrah and by Salar Jung, and prompt measures were at once taken by the Resident to arrest the growing mischief. Salar Jung handed up several; they were brought before a court of inquiry, and, though the evidence failed on some technical point, yet sufficient was proved to show that mischief was intended. The Resident, at a public parade, told the 7th Cavalry that suspicions were slioat regarding their loyalty. These steps, taken in conjunction with the oonduct of Sar Jung in handing up the mlschief-makers, tended much to steady the few bad men in our force, by showing them that mutiny would meet neither with countenance nor support from the city authorities. The heaving, however, continued, and matters werelooling very grave; the Minister was ruling the city with a steady and firm hand, but no one knew when or in what manner the peace would be broken; all had an impressIon that a crisis was at hand. On Friday, the 12th of June, an attempt was made in the Mesea Musjid to ralse the Jehad; the Moulvie (Akkbar Ali) was interrupted by a volea demanding the extermination of the infidels; a second voice urged the Jehad, and had it not been for the timely arrival of the Minister's Arabs the move might have been Immediate and, to us, overwhelming. 5,000 were present in the Mausi'd, and the mischief-makers managed to escape. The escort of the Residency had fortunately been increased, so that Bome resistance might have been madehadthe troops proved steady. " Placards of an inflammatory character were daily stuck up in the mosques, and Salar Jung cama in for his share of the grossest abuse. Unmoved, he tore down the plsards, placed Arab guards on all the gates and mosques, warned unruly characters, watche. suspected men, summoned Sikhs and others in whom he could trust to the city, broke up all assemblies of the people, and conducted himself with energy, wisdom, and discretion. During all this time rumours of the infidelity of our Sepoys were gaining pound in the city. The Wahabees were zealousdy at work In our camp and elsewhere, and it was suspected that our troops wonld not stand the strain much longer; but General Coffin and the indefatigable police magistrate, Captain Webb, were on the alert; fakeers were deported, suspicions characters imprisoued, newsmakers flogged, and every means were taken to prevent mischief entering our eantonments from without. The poet-office was watched, and every official became fully aware of the value of energy and care during the crisis then passing over Northern India. Friday, the 19th, being the day of another suspected rise, precautions were everywhere taken; the mosques were overawed by Arabs, and the day passed over quietly, On the 20th news of the Aurungabad mutiny reached Hyderabua Now the mischief had come clos to us. Mr. - was much disgusted with the conduct of the men in whom he had placed much trust, and we all felt that the Contingent was little to be depended upon. GeneralWoodburn marched npon Aurungabad and infiicted summary punihment upon the mutineers, but the numbers who escaped made us uneay as to the ultimate results of the mutiny. On the 25th of June we heard the news of the fall of Ddli (untrue, of course). The news was credited. in the bazaar, and the effect upon the masses of the people was very marked. We then saw that Delhi was everything; it was a nsme, a cause, a locaUlity, a something tangible to fight for. Many, even of the better classes, carcely knew Cawrnpore, Iahore, Allahabad, &c., by name, but all knew Delhi. Our defeats and suooesses elsewhere were moonshine; at Delhl they were of overwhelming imporhnoe; with Delhi we held India, without It we were conquered. In a few days the real truth was known-Delhi had not faUlen, and every native raised his head again higher than ever. Rumour of further mutinies and maacres, of further misfortunes, created Intense satisfaotion here, and evidently the heaving was beginning to look uncomfortable once more. Central India, too, was rising. On the 12th of July 13 Aurungad mutlneers were apprehended In the city, and were upon the 13th handed over to the Reeddent. The thing was not well managed by the Minieter, and the consequence was much, excitement in the city. The men were sent to Blarimn at once Whispers of an intended ridng became now dlsagrbly distinct and continued. The REident had obtained in formation of coming evil, but Saar Jung felt certain that his information wm wrong. On Friday, the 17th of July,' the escort (2 ompani ofS e&Po, 26 sowa , 200 of the 2d Kisalah, and five guns) was warned to. prepre The hour appointed fox the rising pssed over, and a note from Balir -ung) pronoucing all quie in the cit, had been reodved; when unexpct edly, at hall-peat 5 pn., rwe got Information that a band of Rohlas, hedsd by a jem and boulvie, had bust into the Begum Bazar, and were making for the esidency, calling out for the elease ofthoAuugabadpzl. soners and for the looting of th traury. We all repaired to the Reidency, ard ju as the mob attacking the garden ptes had broken down one of them, the Hore Artlery guns opened upon them at 300 yards with double charge of sniter. The effect wa magical. The smoke cleared away, and not a soul of the villain was to be seen. The greater part had beaten a retreat, and the rethad broken into a houe for shelter. The night meantlme came on, aud, though means wero taken for capturing the fellows, we found in the morning that they had dug through a wan and tesaped. The intfUtion was villanous; the executon moot impotent. They had auticipated a city move, bazur help, snd unsteadiness of our troops. In all points they were bitterly disppointed. Every one behaved well, steadly and zelousily, and we felt ourselves stronger than ever. TheMWiaterand.Nlzam did all they could to catch the ringleader, Toora BzKhan. Inthlstheysucceede, but to this day the Moulvie ia at large,ale, probably, under the protection of some influential city noble. The escort was now strengthened and the Residency fortified Our backs were up, and we were prepared to show fight. No ono of respectability in the city had any. thing to say to it, certinly the native Government had not the slightest bad in the matter. The Beg= Bazr is epated frorn the citybythekiocsy, aud Is onthe Residency side, hence the possibilty of getting upadis. turbance there Without SaLar Junges knowledge. Toora Baz Khan still live. The preparations for defenee at the Reidency alarmed the Nlzam-a timid, suspiciou mannot a little. Our friends had lnsinuated that we Intended to attak the city, and sundry pardes of the Hyderabad subsidiary force had been pointed oit to kim as prepsitive to a hostile move. He even talked of snding his family to Golconda Fort. The Lancers, too, and Sippers were coming to Secunderabad, and he was sWdentlyuneasy. Upon this the Residentwent to the Durbar on the 29th of July, and satified the Nizam fully on ths point. On that day we must have seen 30,000 or 40,000 armed men In thC city; in the then state of excitement it wAs a servli of Ao little peril. Matters now quieted down a little.- Tho Bukrees ed passed of quietly. The Aurungabad mutineer wmere tried, tansported, and removed rapidly to 'ualp&. tam. " On the 7th of August bad news of the rise of the 27th Bombay Native Inantry at Kolapore reached us. This, added to the disppointment of the mall announolng tho depai>ch of troops round the Cape, made us again uneasy; but our troops were true and steady. The bad men had been found out, and the wavering had been confirmed by the energy of the authorities. The Mohurryum w, however, aS bhnd, and we all expected a move. The izan offered 1,000 Arbs for the defence of the Residenoy. On the first day of the 3Mohurrum 260 of the 12th Iancers marched I,n Slkha were freely used; Arbs were posted by the Miniter at all the gate.A EAery plae wa watched, every bazaar patrolled, every one was on the alert, and, thanks to God's mercy, the time of trial came to an end upon the 31st of August, without the vestige of a disturbance Since then we have been more at peac Time shows that our Ma&drs troops are thoroughly trustworthy; everywbher, except in the case of the contemptible 8th Cavalry, have they behaved well, and we all hope that Government will never forget the fidelity and loyalty of the Madras Sepoy." THE CAPTURE OF THE RAJAH OiF ASSA3L The following letter describes the manner In which Captain Lowther captured the Rajih of Assam, thereby avoiding the masacre of EBuropeans in that countrype "September. "You will have head ere now of the capture of the Bajab of Assam, which your humble servnt effected as follows :_ " The Colonel sent me in hot haste with my Ghoorkas, and early the next morning we dropped down in boats towards Debrooga, reaching that station the second day, about the same time the Colonel sending to ask the other out. posts for the Ghoorkas and hUIl men, sending Hlndostaneoes to relieve them all, and thus give us a small trustworthy body of troops in case of extremities and disastes. " MY plan was to lake away the bulk of the artillery pieces from the native oompany of local gunners, with ammunition, &c., many of those men (lindostanees) having been heard to talk seditiouily in the bazaars; next, to secure our own regimental nagazine, and manage, in case of an- mt that our own men (Iifles) should be in safe possession of all accesto It; next, to shut Up al the tza. sure -a privte property in the fortified aqure in the civil station, placing a picked guArd over It; next, to size the King. who was at the bottom of the plot, surprsing him suddenly, and taking all his treasure and papers, and send. Ing him away a State prisoner towards Caloutta; next, to have a body of picked men so as to act at Instant notice. " In communication with the Politicl at Seebsaugor (vid map) I engaged to meet him on the night of the 9th at a particular mouth of the rlver below, he leaving on the night of the 8th, by boats, dropping down the stream, the dia. tance 40 miles. At length I and my riflemen ro=ded a nook, and were gLad to find the Political, with a few armed polce, all ready to meet us, my large boat taking them and canoes with the police in tow, and by the bright moonlight we dropped down softly and pleasantly to Nowghur GhAut, distance 16 miles, reaching about 11 p.m. We had some trouble In keeping clear and hiding ourselves from the observation of the large fishlng villages we had to pass, but ur good fortune took us past unnoticed, and we Landed unseen in the tall gram jungle, on the brlnk of a morass, such as only Aess contains, mosquitoes aimost darkening the moonlight; not a word allowed to be epoken, and scouts sent out to search the jungle for the elephants sent out previously for transport of men over the impassable tracts; soon found these, commenced our march; the moon became obscured and a storm of wnd and rain set in; all around us a swamp, which obliged us to lowa the elephants very lightly, and deposit ourselves occasionally on dry spots and higi patches, while the elephants went to and fSo to lift the men across the quagmires aud waters. Twice my large elephant 'sank down, Bo as to wet his ears and my feet together, and each step ws attended by the most noxious effluvia, arising from the decomposed vegetable matter at that season, while myriads of mosquitoes Swarmed around us. On an Island we met the native chief of police, our principal informer of the plot, who had been sent out as if on his duties, looking aLfter our postal arrangements of the provino. We held a council, and then all moved on quietly again. Fortunately, we had now only a mile or two of that horrible march, or man and beast must have knooked up, the wind and rain increasing. " We soon fortunately came on to a raised causeway, in pretty good repair, dry aud smooth, and I rested my men for awhile. What with broken bridges and other impedi. ments to night travelling we did not reach the Royal town till half an hour before daybreak, the sky delightfully black, and the rain a very waterspout, both which had the beneficial effeot of quieting the noisy curs which infest the purliu of every Indian locality. A final consultation Wa held in slght of the Royal den, arms examined and loaded, and Overy preparation made for the finishing blow; the stout little Ghoorkas grinning delight as they examined the sheaths of their kookeries, or wi knives, to see whether they were within grip. "We passed unnoticed along a straggling suburb, and suddenly turning a corner I was told by my guide that I stood within the Royal premises. "I told off my men rapidly, and formed them into parties, s0 as completely to surround and oover every ontlet and corner. The main party, consisting mostly of my own paticular sharpshooters and bodyguard, watohed the front another towards the town, there to arrest an educated Ben. gales, agent to the conspirators; another party moved to the rear and cut off escape towards the town; while my friend the Political erept quietly past some outhouses with his police, and under the palace walls awaited my signal for opening the baL " Before long the ominous barking of a disturbed cur in the direction of the party sent after the Prime Minister pro. climed no time was to be lost, and off I went towards the guard shed in front of the palace, my personal shapshooters following at the double. The noise, of course, awoke the leeping guard, and as they started up from their slumbers I eaught one firmly by the throat; the little Ghoorka next me felled with a butt-end blow another of them while they were getting to arms, I having strictly forbidden my nnan to fio until obliged; the remainder, as we rushed in, took to fight, and my eager party wished to fire on them, which I prevented, not considering such valiant game worth powder and shot, In the darkneas and confusion no metns of entranoe could at once be found. My police guide, how. vr, having been often in thepiiace, knew every room in it, and, thrusting himself in at a door, acted ferret to perfection, and by dint of activity soon brought me into the pro. snee of the King, who, though young in years, is old n sin; he refused to surrender or admit any one,-a resolution which cooled insanter on my calling my men to set fire to the palae, and he then with a bad gra delivared up tome his stae sword A shont from the opposite doors procaned an entry the. The Queen Mother and the rert of the female Ioyalty. and attendant3 were seized while trying to desnd on that side. Then came a chorus of shouting and ltrgging, and bawling for lights and ssistace; at last, slampbeing procued, we proceeded to euamle thf place; we wandered in-dark pasges and ells, whil I mounted a guard At evryd 400r. The aibingoonfinedandheatedi 'lth. in the Roeal denee, I st ouidde ntil di, dbreak and then procoededto rummage forpapus and ler; evr al box-e of fh waw appropriaed, andoountda out his tr surs, all in goldvecelsndingot;w.fodaqf,ttyof spiked some guns, one of th4m of Frnch mike; all day we were hard at work, earchlng and trnslatlg papers. The Prime Miniser was found at his house, fast asleep. In the beat of the afternoon w went to his resdenoe In the town, and by dint of keeping fans going orer u carried out a thorough mrch. We did not get as many of his papers as we w-ted, he having been told by hi orrespondents to destroy all lettors after reading them. " At eset I carried off may prsoners over te same bad ground by Whioh we had so sealthily arrived. We.were followed by about 2,000 furhrated Musaulmu4, crying, praying, and prostrating themslva to th& object of their lingering hope of rebellion (the Rajah), but we drove them off. " A mile or two out au individual suddenly appeared, and in a ouda and powerful oices chanted either a mence to us or a warning to the King. I could only catch one word, which slgnified ' down country;' hence I supect he was conveying advioc to the captive, whom I kept Well - alongside of me, with an Intimation I would. blow his head off li he attampted any trlcks or easted any' disturbance. We arrived at' 10 p.m. at Mthe ghaut whenoe we started the previous night, wey and hungry with a vengeance. I put my prLsoner on board my large boat, alongside Of my bed, and next morning I startei him off under a choice gard, with loaded arms. towards Calcutta with written instructions. Everybody in Assam was :m a fever of snsiety and excitement until the news arrTied that I had captured the leader of the con. Epiracy, and the dark and stormy night on which I Ocaried out the measure cansed many sleepless nig'hts to the expectant party of well-wishers We are not yet rid of traitors; two or three of our native offioers are deeply Implicated, as abo a native doctor and a number of Sepoys In both the Atillery Company and my Rifleg; they are well watched and waited upon by the Ghoorkas, who have proved themselves faithful to us everywhere, and ire eager to distnguish themselveg. Three days hence, we find by the papers dlscovered, was ihe appointed time for the outbreak, and of course the massacre of all the Europeans in Assam; but I fully expect that my counterplot has proved far too heavy a blow to their abominable chemes; disappointment and dligust are written legibly on their hideous faces at my sudden swoop on their mahina. tions. I cannot cease to thank God I have averted so much bloodshed." AN INDI FXCMION. We have been favoured with the following graphic account of a public execution in India - "Ahmedabad, Oct 26. "I have just retumned from the calm eyewitnealng of a eight of which not many months ago it would have sickened me even to hear. I shall never see such another, nor you ever see such an one at all; and, as all socnes have their profit, I will fix it while the detals are fresh. " You know, generally, what I am going to describe. It is the result of more than a week's continuous courtmarl, In which 18 men were sentenced to death. They sffered this morning. " I rode down at 5, and day dawned as I cantered along. I know nothing so sad as that slow drawing on of the sun. rie which Is to be the sgnal for an execution. There were many groups of natives moving towards the parade ground, whlch is four miles from the city, and every now and then al; iage wth the laape stDI lit, "When I reached the ground the bugles were only sounding, and there was little to be seen but the gallows with 10 nooses, and the mlserable prLsoners seated in a double row in front of it. I rode slowly pst them, and could aee no signs of emotion, except that one or two were very pale. "The regiment in which themutlny occurrodwas thefirst to take up its ground, opposite to the gallows. The other native regiment drew up at rlght-angles to it, and the Englsh regiments, behind the gallows, completed the third side of a square. Between them wore four guns. At the fourth sdde were drawn up five guns, pointing outward, across the flat leveL To these the sentenced men were to be bound. The ar of the square was now covered with mounted officers, a few civilians, the General, and bJs staff. "The whole 18 prisoners were marched before the native regiments, and their offenco and sentenco read in a clear voice, which reached all spectators. This over, the last terrible preparations were commenced. " The 10 mounted to their places on the drop, and stood there white and shdowvy against the pale sky, but firm and qulet, their faces hiddeu In white caps. A firing pary of 12 moved up to a spot within 20 yards of the place where I ctood, facing outwards, as the guns did, but behind them, further back into the square. The three men who were to be ihot were placed in front, and foarfuUy near them, not more than 12 paces from the muzzles of the muskets. They knelt down, their eyes were bandaged, and their hands tied. Meanwhile the doomed five had been marched to the five fatal guns They were bound by the arms to the wheels, but their legs were free, and the end. man-the only one whom I could entirely see from my place on the flankleaned his back against the muzzle, as loungers loan against a mantelpiece. "Ifixedmy eyes intently on that man, not50yards away, and In a moment the signal was given. There was a roar, and the whizzing of a bullet, far away from the firing paty ; a bank of white smoke, and a jet and shower of black fragments, sharp and clear, 'which leaped and bounded in the air; this and a fearful sound from the spectators, as if the reality so far exceeded all previous fancy that it was intolerable; then a dead stillness. " I walked sraight to the scattered and smoking floor before the guns I aume first to an arm, torn off above the elbow, the fist clnched, the bone projecting several inches, bare Then the ground sown with red grisly fragments, then a blackhaired head and the other arm still held together. This was the mrnI hadwatched; close by lay the lower half of the body of the nex, torn quite in two, and long cols of entrails twined on the ground. Then a long cloth in which one had been dressed relied open llke a floor. cloth and on fie. One man lay in a complete and ahattered heap, all but the arms; the legs were straddled wide apart, and the smashed body on the middle of them; the spine exposed; the head lay close by, too, Tho last body was that of a native officer, who was the arch fiend of the mutiny; he was a short man, with a cruel face, Ms head had been cut clean off, but the muscles of the neck had contracted round the throat like a fril. Ms fA was half upturned and calm, the eyes shut. I saw no expresson of pain on any of them. What had been his body lay on i's face, the legs as usual not shattered, but all the flesh torn like cloth from a sharp angle in the hollow of the back, off and off, till it merged In one mingled heap, " I turned next to the three who had been shot. One had been strck In the heart, and only bowed slowly over on his face. The others had been pistolled afterwards through the head. All I think, however, had been badly hit, as all were prostrate when I ran forward to the guLns. "And only now-there was so much more terrible-did I |0look Up to the ten white figures slowly swinging and revolv- ing over this scene of blood. I hope they died quickly, but the ropes were very short. " The troops immediately marched off, and I rode home at speed, and when I dismounted the dogs came and licked my feet."
STATE OP THE MANCHESTER TRADE.. Captain Palin's return of the state of employment in the mills and workshops -within the city of Manchester for the week ending on Tuesday evening shows a decrease from 10,394 to 9,513 of the operatives entirely out of employ. rnent; an increase of those on short tlxre from 18,136 the previous week to 20,815 this week, while those in full work have decreased from 16,861 to 15,244. The following is the return:- I Advertisement.]-4.Cte,' by the author of "Mr. Arle."leistptublished, intbree Tou. 'This is a novel of get ower sud attrtilo. It is uriten upon the supposltlon, wbhih is too weUn tounded lSnt, itthmaisan s mv of $ .eosW owel1 n ibis ooey al ever there hain li4 Dard that the ditbh aeo£ ty e are rohmaniarked and de1inead o jb.g ie s only br the psaseyaee of dog5ed determiotoo, aided by comett aility tht o one Lirr enierges trom the POtlloo in WbIoh hg wuk)bo to take a hlgher rank ID mociety. Csstea is a meet eteys pro3rductIon, foil of fire Dd eneZrgy ot inedeoband interettt,o cerai oeo mak a uSata-Meeesg.r, ,aDt,ui a&iekett, pDblihu
THE.PAOIFIO. By the arlival of the Wes India teamr Orinoo at Southampton we have received Mu.. of PAnam papers to the 7th of November. The seahip New Granada, CapWn R. W. Walker, arrivedat m s,onthemorningof tbaeth withtheseml. MonthlY South Pacific ma to the followuing dates:-Val puralso, Oct 15; CAlders, 18; Idy, 22; Callo, 26; pAlt& 27; Guyaquil, 28. Valpaso papers are to the I5h of October. Since the now M xsters entered on ts dischage of their duties per. feot tranquillity hd bn resored, and all part wer united in co-operting withhe Cabinet Au extraordinay sesdon of Congress had been called to conider the estimates for 1858, and certain new laws, reforming some existing ones, and on other busine. Mr. Bigler, United States' Miniser, was received in publi audinoo by the President on the 6th, the cuismary speehe being exchanged in the most friendly terms The Government had granted Don Juan Rippel an excluiye privilege for naiapting the river ValiIa by steamboats during four years. From the River Plate provinces we learn that the fint portion of the Wetern RAilroad wasinuugurated on the 29th of September amid flower. ahoutsof joy, and triumphal arches. It was hoped that next year it would extend to 21 miles' distanco from the city. Government had subserbed $I,0O00,00 paper money for this work. Another Association was being organized for constructlng the Sa Fernando Railroad, which would have another 20 miles in extent, while the navigtlon of the rivers wau ptomoted in every direeion4 Protection continued to be afforded to Immigration, and for that purpose Government ha been authorized to sell ptLbi lands at low prioes, s aso the property which, on ace6unt of the trialinstituted. Against R-eo, must fal agin into the nation's power. All the provinces of the Argentine Confederation were In peace, qhich is all they require for their rapid progrez. The maritime riovementln the port of Rosalo during the month of August Amounted to 3,616 tons entered and the same Amount left, which shows a considerable advancement. The sum of $400,000 loanod by the Brazilian Government to the Cenfederation was daify exped to arrive. Congrees was aembled In.Parana.
CURREZiCY AND BANKING. TO THE EDITOR OF TElE TIMES. Sir,--Our difficulties have nothing to do either with the national credit, which was never higher, and Is the general refuge for timid investors, nor with the circulating medium, consisting of gold and paper representing gold, which was never sounder. The collapse began in America, where it was partly owing to an unsound state of the currency,-for the power of depositing Government securitiesis no just memure of the circulating medlum,-but much more to a vast amount of unremunerative speculations undertaken on the faith of an inflated, misapplied system of credit. This brought down, through some intermediate agency, the Glasgow and IAverpool joint-stock banks. The disease had now reached our peccant part. The business of the modern joint-stock bank is not legitimate banking. A bank takes charge of the unemployed balances of income or of trading capital. The advantage to its customers is that they are saved the risk and trouble of keeping their money, and are able to draw it out in a convenient manner. The advantage to the bank is that It has, without paying any interest, an aggregate amount derived from the accumulation of these balaoes, a portion of which only need be retained to meet current demands, and the rest may be invested to the profit of the bank in readilyavailable securities. The joint-stock bank, on the other hand, gives all but the market rate (not the Government rate) of interest, which has to be increased in times like these when money Is scarce and dear, in order to prevent the withdrawal of the balances. The great discount-houses co-operate with the jointstock banks by receiving and employing their surplus. Thls, I repeat, is not banking. It is a system of agencies for receiving capital for investmant, on the principle of the United States and Canadian Trust CompaWes and of the old Calcutta agency houses; but it is open to this serious objection, that, whereas investments must, to be secure, have a degree of permanency, the sums intrusted to the joint-stock banks and the dlscount houwes are payable almost on demand. Having themselves to give a high rate of interest for the use of the money, these institutions are obliged to keep It employed at still higher rates, and hence the support given to all kinds of speculations which would never have been undertaken unless, owing to the capital having been borrowed upon fictitious security, immunity from loss had been combined with a possibility of gain. Currency and banking are, however, to laymen what fate and free will are to divines; andthe difficulties of these really somewhat complex subjects are increased in this country to a high degree of mystification by the imbranglement arising from the union of the two under the same agency. This enabled the real offenders to persuade their innocent fellow-countrymen that their embarrassments were owing to some general cause, like a natural law, for which nobody was to blame, and to transfer the burden to the already overburdened taxpayers. Recourse was had to the national credit for an extraordinary issue of promissory notes, to be employed in loans to relieve the pressure. As this issue was in excess of the amount required at the time for the ciculating medium, it was as much an application of the national credit to the use of private individuals as if it had been made in Exchequer-bills. Those who had exercised prudence during the time of so-called prosperity, and had husbanded their means, were deprived of the just advantage to be made of their capital at a time when it was scarce and dear; prices were raised to all consumers, and debts were made payable at a reduced value to all creditors by an undue extension of the circulating medium; and a new support and en couragemnent was given to a system of false credit, which periodically ruins thousands of honest merchants and possessors of invested capital, and throws tens of thousands of Industrious workmen out of work and bread, to the great distress of their families and of many of those who have to help them by rates or charity, and to the danger of the whole community. 'What, then, is the remedy ? That the Governmaent should resume its proper function of managing the circulating medium; should pay off, out of the profits arising from that portion of it which consists of paper representing gold, the eleven millions due by the public to the Bank, and should leave the Bank of England to carry on business by means of its own private capL tal like any other bank. All confusion would then be at an end. It would no longer be supposed that the Bank of England was po2sessed of Fortunatus's purse or of the gift of legerdemain. Persons who got themselves into difficulties would hardly have the face to ask for assistance from the Government when it could obviously be given only by an advance from the Consolidated Fund, by an Issue of Exchequer-bills, or by tampering with the circulating medium, the management of which would in the case supposed be entirely dissociated from banling, with which it has really no more con. nexion than with any other business; bankers and traders of all kdnds would know that, if they exceeded their proper limits, they would reap as they had sown; and the natural guarantees would be revived for the whole clam of virtues known as foresight, moderation, frugality, &c. There is no security for a sound state of mercantile morality like the penalties which ought to follow the absenee of it. Hitherto the sin of our business class has found them out, but the punishment has been borne by others. John Bull has been their whipping-boy. I am. &c.. IMON1TARtUS. I Lonaol, ImL 2. BRISTOL SUGAR BIsUREM, Wednesday, Dec. 2.- There has been rather more disposftion shown to purchsse sugar tia week, and several saes have been effetaed at an advance of ix. to Is 6d. per owt. on the prices enrrent last week. Rum uiet and no ules to report except a small lot of J-%km IFg in London. Stock on hand vu glight,
AZI2TABY AND NAVAL IZNTZLIZGNCE. The EArl of Calie h appointed Ieutenant Marshal, of the 2d Life Gad now x Idod mp to be a . de.camp, vio. Fitzroy, redpo&ge The late Major Perrin, of the 90th'Ilght Infantry, whow same is retprned f thlist of killed Sn'the advanoeuPon Luaknow, wa the son of r. Justice Perrin, one of the judge of the Irih Ques Bench. The gallant olriowr erved with condeble distinction in the oCrim, the 901h havln been engaged fn the clodng operations of the a* of SekbtopoL The following appointmonta have taken plce in the osrps of Royal MArines, dated Nov. 30,1857, nz:-Cp. tau Henry Atlin allum, on recruiting srvice at Yeovrl, to be Barrakimater, of the Portsmouth dvidon, vimeXoore, retired; and Captin Heny Hetham i arCty, of the Woolwich div3ison, to beBar master, vice Captain LAttle, etired. The above-named officers hvo been removed to thelhalf.pay list accordingly. The lat Fprmoy Battalion lttf Cork Barrack on Tuesday mrornig, under commandof kjorDouglas Theyinclude detachments otthc 14th, 28th, and 11th dep6ts; four cor. paies attached. The 69th. depOt arrived In Cork on Sunday and pro. ceeded zext morning to Farmnny to form a Bombay battalion. Sir James Alexander, In command of the Iat Prmoy battalion, Is on leaIe of absence in Sootland; In his abseneo the command devolves ana Maor Dovgas. Colonel Moore is to have the command of the Bombay battalio In Fermoy. L Fermoy garrison will include 19 depOts, includingthe Bombay bttallou.- The only regiments now siationed in Cork are the Royal Rithorne Mlitia (90 strong) and a troop of the 3d Light Dragoons under oommand of Captain Hawkes. Her Majwest stemr Cuckoo, 3, Lieuteant-Commuander A. G. E. 3Murray, hk met with a serious acddent at Chatham, which it is feared will render htr totally unfit for ,further ervice. The Cuckoo steamed up from Sheewnto Chathain on Tuseday afttrnoon for the purpose of embark. Ing a large paty of Maine for the Anown, 91-the troops golng on board from the new s,talr inatead of embarklng from the dookyard,as is usuaUy the cae. The tide at the time wa fast ebbing and the embmrcation of the Mainex and their baggage -havng been completed the Cuckoo proceeded to steam out into the river. The force of the current, however, carried the steamer towards the Gun-wharf, where she ran aground, and notwithstanding all the efforts of her-crew to get her off she became totally unmanageable, and settled down in the mud with her stem towards the middle of the river. In this position she remained until the tlde rose, which washed completely over her, the whole of the steamer, with the exception of a portionofherstern,beingsevers1feetunderwater. nmme. diately after. the ac"ident occurred the troops managed tc getonshoreatthe Gun-whatf, and the baggage, much of which was damaged, was removed and plaed on board the ArctM sip Resolute. Yesterday morning efforts were made to raise the Cuckoo by meant of lighters, but without suac cess, as she had sttled down deep in the maud md was filled with water. During the whole of yesterday a large number of shipwrights and labourers from the dockyard were busily engaged in clearing her and stripping away her rigging previously to another attempt being made to raise her. Several additional lighters have also been moored alongside, and every effort was to have been made to float her last night on the rising of the tide. The Marines were yesterday forwarded to Sheerness-by the Liard steamer. The Colossus, 80, scw steamer, arrived at Chatham yesterday afternoon from Sheerness in tow of the African and Lizard steamers, and wa taken into dock for the purpose of being overhauled and made ready for sea. The Persian, 12.gun sloop, Commander John HL Chads, had her compasses adjusted yesterday at Sheerness, The Rhadamanthuns, 4 guns, paddlewheel steam transport, Master-Commander William L Browne, arrived at Sheer ness from Plymouth and .Portemouthyesterday at 115 p.m She disembarked supernumeraries for service on board th; Renown, and left for Woolwich the same afternoon. In the recent list of cadets of the East India Company's Madras Artilery, from Allen's India Mail, the name of Mr. W. M. D. Wright was accidentally omitted. A number of non-commissioned officers of the battalions of Royal Artilley, at Woolwich, have been permitted to volunteer for servlce in the G and R troops of Horse Artil. lery now about to be embodied under the command of Mttjor Newton and Major Arbuthnot. An inspection as to fitness for the service was on Tuesday held in the barmck. rquare by Colonel Maude, in command of the corps, when a selection was made of a sufficient number of those grade, required for the two troops, which are to be oomposed of the newly rased recruits at present undergoing a regular course of drilL - The 6-gtn steam sloop Barracouta, recently ar?lved from the East Indies and China, is ordered to Woolwich to be refitted for servioe.
OOURZT CIRCULAB. Her 31ajesty the Queen and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort left Windsor Castle at half-pat ll o'clock yesterday morning, accompanied by the Prinoes5 Royal, the Princessi ice, and Prince rederick William of Prussia and attended by the Duchess of Athol, Lady Caroline Bar. rington, Lord Rvers Colonel the Hon. C. B. PhiPs, Mr. R. Ormay Gore, Ma;jor-General the Hon. Chares Grey, Captain Dir Plat, Captain von Sehweinit, and the Maste of the Household. A guard of honour of the Scots Fusileer Guards, with the band of the regiment, received the Qaeen with the usual honours at the Windsor station of the Great Western Rail way. A special train conveyed Her Majesty to Paddington, whence the Royal party proceeded in five of the Queen's carriages to Buckinghssn Palace, where they arrived at 22 minutes past 12 o'clock, escorted by a detachment of Light Dragoons. The Queen and the Prince Consort were received hy Earl St. Germans, the M1arquis of Breadalbane, Lord Ernest Bruce, Lord George Lenn o; and Major-General WyIde. Her Majesty held a Privy Council and Court at 3 o'clock. The Councl was attended by his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, EArl Granvile, Lord President; Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harowby, Lord Privy Seal; Viscount Palmernton, First Lord of the Treasury; Sir Gcorge Grey, Secretary of State for the Home Department; the Earl of Clarendon, Secretary of Stato for Forelg' Affairs; the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, President of the Board of Control- Lord Stanley of Alderley, President of the Board of Trade the Right Hon. 1L T. Bainec, Chanoellor of the Duchy of Lancaster; Earl St. Germans, Lord Steward; and the Marquis of Breadalbane, Lord Chamberlain. At the Privy Council two orders in Council were issued, directing that the Divorce and Matrimonial Act and also the Probate Act should come into operation on the 11th of January next. The Queen's Speech on opening the session of Parliament this day was approved. The Hon. William Bathurst was the Clerk of the Council in waiting. At the Court Sir Alexander Malet, Minister to the Ger. manic Confederation, was presented to the Qaeen, on arivlng in England, by the Earl of Clarendon. Mr. Henry oward, Eer Majesty's Envoy Extraordlary and minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Portugal, was presented to the Queen at an audience by the Earl of CLarendon to take leave on returning to Lisbon. Major-General Phillips was presented to Her Majesty by Viscount Sydney, Captain of the Yeomen of the Guad, kIdsed hands on being appointed iAeutenant of tbe Yeomen of the Guard, and received from the Queen his silver stick of office. Viscount Palmerston and EArl Granville had andiences of the Queen. The Court was attended by the Earl of Mu]grave, Tre& surer of- the Household; Lord Ernest Brnoe, Vioe-Cham. berlain; Viscount Castleromse, Controller of the House. hold; Viscount Gough, Gold Stick In Waiting; Lord Rivers, Lord in Waiting; and Mr. R. OrmBby Gore, Groom in Waiting. PrAnce Frederick William of Prussa, accompanied by Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar, and attended by Captan. von Schweinitz, went yesterday to inspect the Levlath., at MilWall Her Royal Highness the Dachess of Kent and Prinoe Edward of Saxe-Weimar dined with Her Majesty at Wind. eor Castle on Tuesday evening. The prty so cornprled tbe Pzlnce of Wales, the Prinoess Royal, Prince Frederick William of Prussa. Idy Aana Mari Dawson, lady Augusa Bruee, the Hon. Mrs, Biddulph, Lieutenant-Colo. nel Dahymple, commaDding offlcer (2d Battlion Scotch Fusileer Guards), Captain von Schelrnit;w Dr. Wegner, and Mr. Gibbsr Prino Edward of Saxe Weimar accompLnied the Queen yesterday from Windsor Castle, and took leave of Her Majesty at the Paddington terminus, Meetings of the Cambridge University Commiiones wer held at 6, Adelphl.terrace, on Thursday, the 26thfi Friday, the 27th, aturday, the 28th of November, an Tuesday, the Ist Inst. The Commliedners preenut werthe Iod Bishop of Cheser, the EI&ht Hon. Lord StanleY, M.P., the Right Hon. Sir Lawroene Peel, the Rigt Hon. M, T. Bahe4, M.P., 'ee.ChanoelborSir W. P. Wood the very Rev, the ean of Ply, and te9 Rev. Dr. Va The Judial Committee of the Privy Council t yet dayJ. Au sppeal "Hocauard v. the Queen" (the Newort), Vice-Admiralty St. elena beard), ws resm.l
FOREIGN IYNTELL:GMiM. FRA.NC... (moM OUR OWN COCDN) The foUowng appea:ed in 4= uez ,dlUm o . PARIS T:sr,iA, D>.. 1, e P.M. The funeral of the non-co= i=ii oned offi buglei, and 13 privates of the Chaitisrs de VDi. cennes, and the three private. of tli 95th :Ifantr, kMlled by the fal3ing of the gatewaytof the fort of, Vincennes on Sunday, took place i4 the oametery of the castle at 2 o'clock this aoternoon. The streets of the town were thronged with pesasns frort the neighbouring village,, who came in fo the. exPrers purpose of witnessing the ceremony. =Ihal MIg. nan, in full uniform, and attended by a numeroU,a 5ta; two General of Division seveal GGenle of Brigade, Genleral Sonnn, theCoammadant of Paris, the Governor and CosnmandWt of the forkeu, and their respective stafs, were on the spot at 12 o'clock. Deputations of theofficerSandsub-.ffoeraof the different regiment in garrison atVintennes,hiled with the relations of the dead, attended. The choir of the chapel was hung with black in the middle of the nave 18 coffins, each with the remains of a mutilated soldier, were ranged, and on the lids wereplaced the uniforms, ahakoea, and side-arms of the victimi. The bands of the 85th tegImnent and the Chasseur, stood close to the choir. The fuimerl serice oommenced a few minutes after 12, and was over at half-past 1. The prcession moved to the burialground in military order; at the head were the bands, and the funeral strain was mingled with the loDg low roll of the muffled drum and the melancholy chant of the priests. The coffin of a soldier should be borne to the grave by a soldier. Those who had perished by thbs cruel death were carried by their comrades tthe corporals by four of the same rank, anA the privates by privates. Immediately after the coffins aame Marshal Magnan, the Generals, and the commanding officers of corps; and the detachments of the regiments of the garrison and of those of the adjacent forts closed the line. The carriages of the Marshal and the other superior offioers followed at some distance. As the coffins approached they were paid the respec which in France is always given to the dead; every uan took off his hat, and stood uncovered till they passed. The processon realhed the cemetery at 2 o'clock. It was received with military honour; which were repeated when the graves were closed, and the wooden crosses planted at their heads. As a mere military spectle nothing could be more complete thah the performance of the last duties to these unfortunate men; and, owing perhaps to the peculiar circumetancesof theirdeAh, few things have been seen more soleran In Pas since the funeral of larshal Mortier and his fellow. victims, The Emperor sent yesterday 60f, to be distributed among the soldiers who were employed in recovering the dead and wounded from the ruins. They did not refuse the gift, but they at once gave it to their colonel as their contribution to raisig a monument to their comrades. The birth of a Prince presents a fair opportunity to Queen Isabella of Spain, If Her Majesty only knows how to profit by it, of trying to win backc Some part of the attachment of her people, Which she had well nigh forfeited, and of teting their remaining loyalty to her crown and dynasty. Much depends on her3elf. The hope of suecess is faint indeed, but such of the Constitutional party as have not been entirely alienated from monarchy, whatever be their rentlments towards the person of the Sovereign, may now find a motive for rallying once more round the throne and saving it from the ruin to which its occupants have so long been hurrying it. A letter of the 27th-written the day before the Queen's accouchement-gives some details of the present state of parties in that capitaL My correspondent says:- "The situation of Spain is atill extremely critical, and tie struggle is, if any-khing, aggravataed between the liberal and reactionary parties. I regret to say that the latter ac' as if they were determined to profit by the present interest. ing event to seeure their triumph. From the first day of the existence of the Cablnet tho Absolutist fraoUon, or, more properly, the Kinga Camaril, have mads the most deeperate efforts to prevent the reali2ation of the lIfBeral meaunres which, I may apin assure you, are contemplated by the Government. It is certain that, if the Qeoen is sincere in her desire to promote the interests of her people, she wiu have the cordial support of her adyirera, and theee In turn may fearlessly look to public opinion to back them. The reactionary camp is divided into two fractions, At the head of one ig the King, with his clique, and the majo. rity of the superior clergy. 'he other ha for its leader Archbishop Claret, the Qneen'c confessor, 'who abuses the influence which his position gives hib, and Is one of the most active instruments of the Court of Rome. The Arch. bishop desires that Queen Isabella shall reign Absolutely over Spain. This sort of absolutism does not content the King's Camarilla, whose o'bject is the fusion of the two branches of the Bourbons, knowing well that the return of Conct Montemolin would accelerate his accession to the throne. Each party prepares aotively for tho struggle, and fromu all I see I am persuaded that before long the country wiUl become the theatre of (to us, at least) important events. Yoa are aware how odious the QueenMother is to the Carlists, avowed and concealed. Nothing is left undone by them to prevent her retusrn to Spain. They are aware that her pre. sence would be an insuperable obstacle to their designs. Tho Government not only offers no opposition to her return, but even desires it ardently. Qaeen Isabella is also anxious for it, but sbe is obliged to reman passive rther than expose herself to an open, and perhaps scanda. Ions, rupture with her husband." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. 55O. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-aHalf per Cents. at 90f. 90c.; Orleans Railwayshares, 1,2')oF. ; Great Northern, 892f. SOc.; Strasburg, G52f. 50c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterraneau, 87f. 50O. ; Western of France, 652f. S0c.; Bordeaux and Oette, 525f.; Great Central of France, 602F. S0c.; Lyons and Geneva, 6S2f. 50c.; Bau,k of Cr6dit Mobilier, 755.; Austrian Railways, 667f. o0c.; Russian Railways, 495f. Cours AUaMftSt/Su.-PARI5, December I.-Cash Prices. -Four-and-a-.Ha1f Per Cents. (not reimburable for 10 years). 90f. 85c. S0c. 8ic. 9c.; Th*ree per Cents., 67f, 20c, 67f. 67f. 10o. ; Treasury Bonds, 6 per cent. at three months; Bank of France, 3,000f. ; ditto (550f. Daid), 3,0OWf. ; Cr6dit Fonder, ObLegatlons of 561f., Four per Cents., 4201. 422t. G0c.; ditto, Three per Cents, 405f - ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 92f. 50c.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 80o.; Credit mobier, 757f. 003. 760f. 755f, 752f. 5 750f. 752!. 5Oe. ,-55f. 757f. 50c. - iscoant Bank, 6701.; Pledmontese Five per Cents., 3f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 53f. - Austrian Five per Cents., S8}; Rents de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; PRomaus, 84 84.; Spanish Three per Cents., Interior Debt, 37i. ExchangeonD London, at sight, paper, 25f 42;o., money, 251. 400.; three months, paper, 241. 7?3c,; money, 242 . . _ THE LAW OF DIVORCE IN PRUSSIA. (FROMt OUR OWN COTtBSPM D;)IM T.) BERLIN, Nov. 30. It will, perhaps, be still in the memory of your readers that in the course of the last session of the Prussian Diet a Bill was introduced for diminishing the facilities of divorce In Prussia, just about the same tuie as our own Legislature was occupied with a measure of an exactly opposite tendency. The circumstancea that brought the two Protestant Legislatures under the necessity of giving to their respectve legislation on this subject two such op. posit directions do not requireanylengthy explanation.; inthe liberalizing latitudinarian spirit of the age, whenl the Prussia general cede waspromuigated, every possLe and conceivable facility hadbeen given therein for the disruption of the matrimonial tie, while in England that tie was held to be indissoluble by law, and required in each specific case an Act of Parliament to give it validity. As was reported to you at the tine, the said Bil was tbrown out in the Prussian Diet by the opposition of the Catholics, who, while perfectly satisfiedwith thetendency of thu Bri1 as likely to diminish divorce, required that their clergy should first be consulted as to the provisions of the measure affecting the Catholio population. The rejection of this Bill, which had been very carefully prepared by the law officers of the Govern. ment, and most amply discussed in the two Houses of the Prussian Legislature, left not only all the evils unmitigated thathad accrued to social life from the baneful effects of the too great laxity of the legislation on this subject, but it also left a fruitful source of disorder in the Churoh still in full activlty,-vlz., the conscientious refusal of various clergymen to remarry persons whose former marriage at the hands of te Church had been dissolved by courts of law. This had led to repeated cofliots between the G[over;unent, repre. sented by the inister of Public WorshiD, calling upon the various clergymen 'to perform the clerical offices sanctioned by the law of the land, and the contciences of the lerg, who rofebed to be deterred from this by the superior obedience due to the law of God. As there was very little apparent probability of a measure suehr-is the abovementioned Bill paming the ieeht' :of the Dist, the King prooeededt,.ahbrtly. afterthe close of the session to make arrangements for allaying the excitement 'amongNtlb 5lergy-on tbe hubject, and by a O nets,ordn .,of June 8, 18D7, he ordered the Oberkirchenrath to issue.a circular instruction to te Aious provineial consiatories to the following effect :-That in all cases in which parties whose:fotmr niage .h4ad bheen; dissolved by courts of law, hould inace appliation. for the blessing of the. Churchon.an ewrriage about to be contracted b eithet of them, theoclergy should give notice of the same:to ths Consstoryy and, thds latter body bhould be.. required topronounce. upon tho admissibility ofa such applicatiou wcordm to the fundamental. priyhples, Cf Gbristian ,wedlock, as the same are ld- down .in theW.ord. of God. Either party, feelig himself.or herself aggrieved by the decdsion of thek Provincial Consi*tory, should be at liberty to appeal 'to the Oberkitrhenrath or Supreme Consistory., -3or one clas of cases, however, the King .proceeded to prouo4nce in limiin, as had been alreadycooatemplate ain the. Bill;-the par tywho.e adultery-hd been the grouna of -the divorce was to be refused aU pormildon to con*. tract a marriage with the ,parter :of hir, adultery. Tfis prohibition, in fact, formed part of tho general code, lax as it was in other respec_,- but it had be- come usual to obtain from the.-ing dispensations] frouzit, by meansof specloixopreseentations ;of individual cases By this new arrangement t,he. individual clergyman -was zelieved -by the. onus of declrion in each case being thrown upon the higher authorities 'in the Chur,ch,. who, in case of their deciding upon the ad. missibility of a fresh marriag, andof the clergyman' still entertaining conscientious scruple. to obeying their commands for sole'izing it, could aso take the requisite steps-for proocring thei execution. In compliance with these instructions from the Ober-kirchenrath the various Provncial Oonatories have issued circulars to the clergy of their respec-, tive provinces, which, while vanying in difforent unessential particulars, all agree il the following:All applications from persons divorced on account of adultery for the solemnnizatlon<of afresh. maariage with the partners of their guilt are to be rejected at once, w-ithout any reference to say supertior authority, and, at the same time, the King's determination to grant no dispensation, in future from theprohibition pronounced against such marriages by the G:eneral Code is to be made known. to the-applicants. In all other cases where parties divorced. apply to be married to others even including the applications of adulterous parties for a marriage with others than the partners in their guilt,, auch applications are to be 'brought by the clergyman before the Provinci Contory, accompanied by a statement of the case made by himself. Attached to this statement or report must be the judgments pronounced by the various courts through which the divorce cae has passed, and evidence that the final judgment haa been carried into execution; and, further. as the canonical law in some csues precludes a divoreed person from remarrying as long &S his former spouse remains alive and unmarried, it Is required of the clergyman that he shall forward at the same time a certificate of the burial or remarriage of the othor party tothe divorce. In the case of the application for a fresh marriage being made by the divorced person pronounced by the Courts to have been the cp able party, the clergyman is required, moreover, to send in a report as to the course 9f life observed by the applicant since his divorce, hgw he has expressed himself with reference to the wrongs committed by him against the unoffending party now divorced from him, and in what way he has evidenced his repentance for the same. To the above the clergyman Is to add the expression of his private opinion in connexion with the cdroumntances, and his superintendent (about the rank of dean), who'dellvers the repor in to the ConDstory,is at the saMe time required to accompany the whole with a memorial from himself on the subject. Of. the numerous divorced persons desirous of remarrying who have felt themselvesunable to meet allthe abovementioned requ1lenets at the hands of the clergyman, many have siuce the above instroctions adopted the expedient of 'withdra*ing from the communion of the Evangelical-Church, which they do by a formal declaration before a judicial court, then affirming themselves henceforth to belong to no recognized religious community, and proceeding in conformity thereto to get married jby civil process; after which, at the first convenient opportunity, the married couple signify their inu tention of re-entering the Church which its two members had left individually I In. consequence of this, various Consistories have reminded thqir clergy of the existence of a former order of the Oberkirchenrath of June, 1851, which requires that in all such cases (of persona who have withdrawn from the Church seeking readmission to It) special reference is to be made to the Uonsistory by the clergyman applied to, accompanied witha distinct and detailed statement of all the circumstances of the case, on the strength of which the Consistory will decide as to the readinsion of the applicants. HAM31 URG. (ruoM OUR OWN CORBrSPONvDrT.) 1TAMB URG, Nov. 30. I am sorry to say that this day has been one of the greatest gloom and despondency among the mercantile community. No less than 12 firms, most of them of high respectability aud credit, have been compelled to suspend payment; their names are positively known. Some of the first houses of the place are also spoken of as likely to, stop. The discounting of bills in a general way Is of course out of all question, as public confidence Is now so low that the result of this statej of things cannot be foreseen by any one. Messrs. Ullberg and Kramer, of whom so much has been Baid, have been obliged to stop altogether, and are not likely to resume, in consequence of which we may expect the most alarming reports from Sweden and Norway. The whole amount involved in the failures above alluded to I cannot precisely state, but it will be a great many millions of marks banco. A telegram, dated Hamburg, the 1st of December, which appears in all the Pans and Belgian papers, says:- " In one day 20 failures of important houses have been announced here and at Altona. There is a general panic. Many brokers have failed. The Bourse is in dismay. Merchandise and scrip are without any fixed quotation. No bills are discounted." ITALY. (moM o OwR OWN C ORSO Nvr.) TURIN, Nov. 29. A decree has been published giving greater facilities with reapect to passports, both to natives and to foreigners, in the Sardinisn States. The Meport to the King on which the decree is founded says that the increase, which for many years has been continual, in the number of travellers makes It desirable to render as quick and cheap as posible the formalities relating to passports. I may observe that,, even under the system which this aedree amends, there is no ountry that I am acquainted with where the foreigner is less molested about his passport, and an Ebnglishman travelling with a Foreign-office passport requires no visa from any Sardinian agent in order to enter Piedmont. The present decree exonerates Sardinians from having their passports viisgs, and renders that formality Incumbent upon foreigners only once in the year, at a uniform charge of 3f. The following is the substance of those passages of the decree which chiefly interest foreigners: Pa-ports cannot be grauted to those foreigners who have Ministeza or other agents of theLr Government resident in the Sardinian Staten To those who have not, passport, can be giveni by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, or by bis delegates in the provinces, on special authorization. The concession of passports to political emigrants, reognized as such by the competent authorities, can proweed only from the Minister of Foreign Affairs, on the demand of the Ministor of the Interior. Perons landing at a Sardinlan port, and not remaining more than 24 hours, are exempted from via. Peasants Coming to the country for rral labour are also exempted." It is to be hoped that the day may come when the Sardinian Government may find itpossible io Fet a good example to other continental oountries by the total abolition of passports. In the meantime,' it acts wisely in renderng, the' nuliai-ce as light as possible to foreigners who certanly have, little to complain of in that respect in Piedmont. !the rapidity wFith which the journey from Paris to T:urn is now accomplisekd, the excellence of the road over Mont Cenis, and the certainty of its bein alays assble,rener tislaiy a more fA. vourite route 'with -eronkgin.ihff Itial. Filodeb of foreigneri, especially E4nglial,~ *4fmvh6e 'Inclement north, and winging their WA wirdsir tir the benefit of the ltalisa ut,, Tao aOed tbrough herethis auturfin The jouriey-from Paris to Turin is now performed in S3 hours in summer,; in 88 in winter, by rail and dilig&o. Th, msil dQes it, barring accidents n 33 -at l ons. W-hen a tedious bit of aal and lake na,igation Is -done away-with by the cop letion of a'raUwav no; n course of conatruotion, tte tinmo misy belsl M far rthe; reduced. Some of the agents of the retrogradepartyseem ,'endeavouring to set afloptsSporthatCountavour. proposes taking Signor Broffeointo the Cabinet. BRere sucha statement ia not worth oontradtion ;-- :,an4 even foreigners who.areaatU aequanted with. Ahei politics and -pubL;o men of Sarnu will not need to be told, that it is preposterola;, nd utterly .4founded. ,The Grand Duke of Tuscany has issied a decree fi;ing the direct taxes of the State for 1858 at i,3,StXOOOf. . The Madrid joumals of the 26th ult., -due yesrterday, and those of the 27th have arrived. Royal. decrees in the Gazette allow M. Bermudez de Castro to resign the poat of Misinter at iAsbon, and appoint M.~lde Oueto, Under-Semrtary of, Foreign Affairs, ;iDiater at Vienna and. u*ih; aad X Juan Coinyu, Secretary of Legation. t. London, Under-. Se4etary of Foreigni Affaiii. Another decree no*inatea the Dluke de Bisto Alcalde Co dor of M rid. It .was oontideruedI ertain tha 1s, Pidal wil be, sent to Ronq as 4Ab.uar ad.or. .Th Governmeint had arrange4 writh the Bank of Spamtosed to London and Parit 28,OO,OOO reals to pay the.It.erst on the foreign debt, and Wd 4n r,turn trsfered to thoe Bank,12,000 ounces of gold. eceIved frt, the Philippines, 32,O00,06 )0 or 14,000,000 .Xe" frona the melting down.of the moneys of Po*to Rico, and Treasury draughts on the proince.t ,Iori other 4ums. Altholgh, the situation; 6f the' Bank was satisfacory, the Irect6rs, by way of precaution, in prenence of. the, cs prevwaling In different parts of Europe, -ad sent iuto the provinces large quantities of sDecle. The demand for specio for notes had ceased, ana the rate of discount ;remnaned unchanged. A new screw ship, the NarTa0* had been launched atFerrol. Accounts from Cuba state thIat the squadron assembled there was ready to nail at a moment's notice, to act agpinst Mexico or " elsewhere." Soldiers seasoned to the climate had alone been selected for ervice, the atillry hbd been largely increased, and 3,000 niarines were on board the squadron.
RBFORATOBY SOHOOL& TO TE3 EDITO OP THE TIMS. -Sir,-I have with some surrs read TIn YouS rnlo ihe 24th and 26th of Novemuber two letters inveiRhfn agalmst Reformatory Sohools,-one from " Ix H G., anu thelother from "Prevention." There are men who wal always run Into excess, and there 6&za be exces of "0maudli~!" In soine schools. OA theotr hand; there is excess of condemnstion If thsee letters. Settlng this excess aside, it is very probable I might agree I It bth the witer. Prevention s,' Dio doubt, better than. dure, and these benevolent writers, if practically aud -ho#estly erying out the rinciples of prevention which tsey sO. strenuously maintain, are no doubt zealously and enefgetically labouring to promote . a better education, better dwellings, better laws, and better institutions Lor the honest labourin cl 'f -so, I corgratulate them on their work. I wish thmn most heartly all the! success that they can wish for themselves, for I. tnost truly agree with them that prevention is better than cure. And there are so mady excellent people of ths opinton, judging by the ziubirss of those wio nvegh against an attempt to cure, that it cmn scazoely be doubted but that they will find abundant assist. ate, both pecumiar amd person. Theirs is the bettet thing, and has the -mpathy of thousands compared witlu theunitS that take hold of the most degrAded of our peces. Su b,dmitting all thb, why they should quarrel with us h, ,are promoters of reformatories I cannot understand - thl should rather lookupon us as their coadjutors. Wliii can, be worse for the rising genoration of our tows than to Live a numiber of a6apegracoes luieng bther cMidzen Into ther bad practices t Andfor the pre'rLentioei of this 'ihat ca be better than to take the young samps out of thd way, and to train them gO As to be able to gt AA ' honest living ? At least, so thought the ood people of Aberdeen, where, seveiral years, since,fed igi schools were etablishedepeciayforthe teeturchins. These schools were supported by voluntary contributions ; aftr a time, however, the subscripilons partially fell off, anad it was thonght it would be necessary to give up one of tho schools. What was the effect? Why, the poor and honest people;of Aberdeen saId, "eThismnutnetbe;" and they set a subsoription on foot among thenselves, and ralsed 1# no time between 2001. and 00 to keep the schools goIlig. This they said thei did for the protection of their owp children. They considered, as "L. H. G." and 'Prc verition?"do, that prevention was better than cure. Now, those wito have taken up reformatories consider tbelrs to be asystem of prevention, Dot only byr klngthose who have been nurtured In wretchedne, ignorance, and cHinei, and tehing them something whereb to ean an honest living, but also that by taking away boys who are heads of gangs and leaders in crime they literally prevent otWers being led into dishonest habits. "L . G."and " Prevention" are not the firs by many who have pronheI sle4 thatplacinglcriminal boys inreformatories would induce others to commit crime In order to get there too. We jud of prophets by what follos. Wel., let us look at facts Mr. Baker, of Hardwicke-court, Gloestershize, in the p3per he read at the Birmingham mneetizngI tbr last,saido speaking of Cheltenhamn, that in thethemohsfo July to September,1856, during which the laat marked boys (ms dangerous) were apprehended, the total number of coy' vidtions was 18. In tte next c,uarter,-viz., Christmas there were six; in that ending Mirbc, there were three; in the next five; and tn the last quarter,-viz., from July to September, 1857, there was tot a single conviction. lam one of four (misguided men, if "L. H. G." and Prevention" be right) who have established a reformatory in the county of Norfolk. Here, again, false prophets arose. I was told we should induce parents to make their chUdren thieves in order to get them into our school, and that there would Eoon be an increase of juvenile delinquency. What has been the fact? Our school was certified in the summer of 1855; in the six montbs of the whiter 1855 and 1856 there r'ere 69 cases of juvensile delinquency before the Norwich magistrates. In the corresponding monthsof 1856 and 1S57 there were only 34; and not long eince the head of the city police told me his situation as to juveniles was be. come a sinecure. Since the Norfo]k sohool was certified In 1855, 49 boys have been admitted; but within the last three months there baa not been asingle application for admuisdon, andI bolieve there is not one boy under sentence to a reformatory school in any of the prisons of the county. We call this one kind of prevention, and not an unimportant one. ' L. H. G." and " Prevention" seem to think that because they have not yet succeeded in their endeavours to give every chUd a weliclad back and filled beUy, nor good shoes, nor comfortable house and bedding, that we ought to keep our bovs on the lowest scale that wil bear up human life. Inthe lTorfolk school it in a regulation that every boy shall have two pairs of shoes, a dryclean pair every day, and a nice steampipe laid on to insure their being dry. What a luxury I rn be bound that scores of thoee whom ";L H. G." and '1 Prevention"' pity (and I pity too) have not one pair to keep dry. The question may araie how can yon jtutify this luxury? Simply by the facts that it is cheaper to keep leather clean, dry, and oiled continually, and that it is leis trouble to have children's feet without chUblains. It is also to be inferred that "L, H. G." and "PrevenEion"' think that boys in a reformatory do no work. Wa have now a lot of boyis diggingan 20 inches deep, anAl they do two poles a-day. A litte time ago they were forking ground sI inches deep. The work was in strips three feet wide, and these strips were 160 yards long. The boye were to have a halfpenny for each strip. This stimulus was so reat that some of them did three strips in a-day. I 'wish "Pieventlon?' would try this. In a good workman the mind must go with the muscle, and there will ever be a gooddea offritio atther jncton,and there is no oil like "si31er;," besides everybo, especiadthore inwho have been nurtured in idleness, should feel that their labour brins I somthig wrth he avig, and by acqirin prbert thesoetlvesbe °itntduced toh respect the property of others. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ teprpruAt our branch reformatory there is a boy who was the worst and most daring in Norwich; he had been 16 times before the magistrates and seven times imprisoned, He is now wel clad, sufficiently fed, andis lertning to be a shoe. maker. The manager of the school told me that last Fri daS, when he required some change, this boy at once lent M &.Hw did he come by the imoney? Be has a trifle for the work he does,-about 2d. for each pair of shoes. He says he has got a chance and he means to "m make It." He does not care for play, and works almost through the entire day; what he wants is to learn his trade, and to cut his own loaf. Is it right to help this bad boy? Why not? His history is short.' His father diod, and his mother msred again. His sepfather beat the boy most cruely, till the high mettle would stand It no longer. He left his home, and having dared his fatherhe dared the world. The charges against this boy were so commonly for stealing food that he acquired the 8obriqvxt of "3Chitterlings." Ilsthere any reason why this boy should have been for ever lef b an onteast from society? "L. H. G." has, no doubt, in his labours of love amid the suffering innocent part of the poor of London, seen such cases of destitution that even the decences of ife ap ear too mucoh for him. NTo doubt he has seen very many Wami. lies without a bed at all * stiDl, from the days of LoS down. wrard, I should scarcely have thought any one would have smascatically obiected to separate beds for bovs. JORN WRIaT7R ]Judwick-house, Buxton, near Norwiech, Dec. 1. * 6f the 48 boys admited from 185 to 1857 ouu 20 have both PuBLiC P§TrrxOws.-Tj1e sum of 6,70fi. has been incurred for the expense of printing and folding Ireports and appendioes and indicem to reports and appendloes on PnbubI Petitions iuring the last five yea, ending 15T7. The averagenuniberof petittonapregentedis 1O,852annmuy, and the averge number prInted 1,833. The average number of signatures is 3,574,942, and the average nunnber of reoets fro thi e omnihist ee 63. T1he expene of printing and fold.
-JUDVW COMMIZTT OP PUFT COUNCIL, |1 - t, - ~ I ,. - D G . - . ,- . . - -e . I - IUUQVARD V. TRn QUV.- Tit wvan*q - , lworkd JU.tiC6K B or, l;J7udiTuzme -r>, IUsuSinG!iO'r, d1rn'*-i X*ji$ItG.1 ' IM.s APPOM frOm. tbe d.ete# efl th4 Mia Admiet o , orfiteHle :a-,d bhe shipehes of Shi eg e rw F o, Perezr, -and Ce., were condearpc it' penaltAes of nearyA MCOZ on the-ground of baving b?een 'In"ae in thq 'saf6, tir.de, Was reiturnd. I I Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Forsyth, Q.X;j and Dr. Twig for the. appellants; the Que,e's Advoaw; tho Attorneu7 aneralr. an Dr. Jenner for, the Crowp,. 'Jr.]!Visywa was tin ts~nn~adI uppr o h anpeal After reniinali I lbther"2dship. that if Mers Pintd, Pere2; ankd Co. 'erWguilt f f'the act Jim pu - to them ,by,the Crown they would be liable to ae ueiv felony. and 14 yar tran*pqrWsto,14 'telarned e9ne *et ropth.tZe evidno "for ~e'ops fsoijt bouqP'a.o tho& eMean froJ the-b,egsinhg to the 6t h6'xusqtl,a-ad h 'ls'ol1fasnTjircubi1&zanc from 'hich'I could be inferred that 'tay entertairfid any zspit cion asto the legality of te -dvextere In. whiob the were engaged. The Crown had, examine'd po lesw than 12 witar.dkre se o prove that F d -the eonsiuee of toe car4o, w arnot6tioue a l dalv eut the'wsthot J oly-v8e to isM rifat v io r pnLoand i eraon ws he kab'Vn to have, been engagod. in d&lavedgaUg-g transac_ Lord Ju.sice'Xw u wh 'thetr Fdiethar etemr toe d wa ihy lvsdence rcet it wae-Coztlrc.t discr.edt*V in tile tradng' 4orld. to hbve deeas 'wevii irnbsio to With a wsh Ohd beet enkaedjh.tbbslktkade The oftion]yga ido there' o£ dencsto ocre ocutraty.; The~ces o crises-poke to. baI dinedand amoked nlgare ielth prWo Whorrad.d e en trade,' rtespeotbl' Wzerchahtsat4tqd that they oldnet rus oi tFse ' w res.: WO M 6 .nffe inito laWful - Woinmeri6 with' arreki 'persont and ilsos draw then r ,`ord9hl* ttt6nt lon ota spbechl deo verod ebyor darazliefst6n ss b he14th of July,g1851 min 4hichhisisLorasbip, re-ferring to the an"e of the efforts whpdIiad),een ma_4e for the ppre*son of ttlis onTa.wfst' traffir. pentioned that a great iumber'of persons formerly Inoad,i Ai8tie had lthdtt thetfs 14pligW and employed It ei ,o~1tiiten commehrce. The Crowhn oontinued theIearno ed oou~se~' ouldpro.abl pak their L~ordships to infer. a. beeltnowi ged fo-pn tthe' t of Florm asto the deson. on of o f rom lsercmstance that he did bint erfii wron the' sue took pace,' further wat gien at Loadda, so 'l conheat - los iableltleratithd as nel althougu hca.htd ba ordg to' do' so., by th e 'rtwae (oieminent. Besides; the-tveseel did not Xemaqinnan"u rs at ond ae ni osnsjauoatortu waus a,id 1oSBaigtwen thbe mete and. , lSd&hleI aonuatrl sJof a jiidtxsin the pirono of~ Pintde;s ind', * ofs ID ny knowent ' thatora. w as ' n~ect4 w th.tis 'horrid trade,, ithei Lotdhp ms,h surbitted, com(e to the conclusion that not te sgtet isa putati6on tiesid onh thoo geThisn pr dion resc bo he oat transactions. ( ddres t heirLrdhpon behalf of Sesior, Floresj a Brirzilian subject Carrying. oa business t Loafn-p He hardly know what'wathe position of Fltwie fnrl to this appeal. Lord hile tihe vessel -as Sat, Loanderstand Et yort have tot iben dondenined In-* pena1tbe* buit your carp his been attalied fo poenaltieda di c rdm aniother, prson. Dr. Twyin said, that was-theistatWoU -the oMse, But the Crowm te wet, A step further, and asked their Lordshi ne to condemind Florei tin penalties as inell as to cotdemn t masge notfethsdtltig thtes rwb* was not intitled to atke o o .thet of the at sll ent th6 Act under anyct (5eevnur,adilths oabGeore IVf ap. 11rcum pplidionly Tto Portuguese, -not to Braoilian subjectrsain laresvAa Brazilian sbjeit, residing in the provincoe of Angojst by 'perme sion of nhed ortnguese Governmend Beddes, ith a ut gdsbpetent bythelr Lordahipn sitting asI 15Co;rt ofAppei to do wbat had 'not beenS done by Ite ' boert.bel1w,-aonamely, totlcondeyn the cargo and to impose ha4thesontheconsignee. This Ppropoition was borme out Iy the,bservatibms of' Lord CampbelU in thiecase of the "uI .", (2, Mloore, tp. 2OM.) Theo learedcose thersA-pro iweded n o read *ortdons of 'the evidence f or the purpose of sahowing that after the seizran, ,nd while the s essel was lf th Loudsa, look es was nota lowed to hold any co niunication with her, and that he had nao maeansof noininunicating with E. Helena exoe*t by cruisers. The seisuxe he. next contenaed, was imade! without mhy reasonable" or probable cause, arIsing from the' carg p or the cargo, and therfto could not be Jtstified us gsint a thirD partt.y, the consignee of the cargo. Thire was not the slightest reliable evidence that after the drate of. the seizure, at all events, Flores was onged in Iny ghave adventure, and in the absence of any c orumstane Cofno' prove that this cargo was intenced for an genlan'fl purpose the Crown ought not to withhold It from hfu.' The onlt *Itnes who brought a slave atansection borae to Flores, was a person namaed Montero, who stated th4t 4e (Iontero) and the agent of Flores bad. purchased slaveo with the goods sent out by the Deslandes in August, .1854; but MonNero's evidence was liable to the greateetsus. picloil, becA4ure he was evidently at enmity with Flores-he bad 6bdeavoured' to extort mioney from him and had written himathreatening letter. His statement wAsnot borne out by theevuidenceof CaptainLSkeneandIUeutenant deRobeckl. The were at Ambrlz When the cargo of thlt Deslandes wasglnd= And they W3innot aware that ghtWsea'en 'd in aslave trani' actiou.. Sir George Jackson alsowaswithsont anyinforms, tion pn the subject. If their Lordshlps looked at what wa -found on board at the time of the. nizure,I Ithere was certainly nothing either in tile natuire or +he cargo or hfi 'the ship' 11PAPer to show that she was e6igaged in aniything hiltTUl trAfftaic. On thsse grohndg he submittea. that their Lordships would not onkr restore the cargo to Florgs, but.vwould also. grant him damages for the loss ie had sustainedlby itscdetenition.: The irtx's Avocrn oenedthecase on behalf of theCron, ut s teirLorahis rsebefore the learnea * gntlmenhadmad mch rogesswe esrve our report
LAW M-BPORT. CGQURT OF CHTANCY, IWCOLl'S-nM. Dra. 2. CADDIC1K V. SKIDMMOR7. (Before tlze LORD CHANcExOn.) Mis appeal from a decree of Vice-Chancellor linderaley was argued a't shecommencement of last term and stood over for jcdgmvent. The object of the suit was to enforce a parole agrco ment entered into between the plaintff, a solicitor in Staffordlshire, and the defendant, a peso etpeioenced n mining transacions,, for the worieing of a mine, called the Tindle Mrine, and to obtain am account of thc partncrship profits The allega. tions of the plaintiff wvere that he bad been inInced to join in the utnderta1king on certain terms, and had subseguently been persuaded by the de. feudaut to give up his share in the concern on the representation that it 'was valuoless The defendant denied that the agreement was in the terms or to the effect set out in the plaintiff's bill, and also relied upon the Statute of Frauds as a bar to any olaim, because the agree. mqnt related to land, and ought, therefore, to have been in wrting. The Vice-Chancellor was of opinion that the evidence did not make out the agreement to be in the terms contended for by the plaintiff, and dismissed the biL From this decision the present was an appeaL The LoDD CHANCELLOR now delivered judgment, and said, it would be unnecessary to consider whether the view taken of the evidence by the Vice-Chancellor was correct, as he was clearly of opinion that the agreement was not one that could be enforced in this court, on account of its not complying with the requirements of the Statute of Frauds, and th'refore the appeal must be dismissed with costs. Ri&DFIELD V. RANDFIELD] This was also an appeal from Vice-Chancellor Kinderaley, argued last term, and stood over for judgment. The bill was filed to administer the estate of William Randaeld, late of Harwicb, shipowner, and the question arose under his will, made bis own handwriting, and dated October 18, 1837. The te8tator thereby, after directing payment of his debts, &c., gave all his real estate by description to his son when he attained the age of 21, subject to an annuity and specific gifts to his widow. Then followed a gift of personalty by desoription to his son; but he added that, if the band of death should fal on his widow and son, and be left no other children or his son any iune, if he (the son) left a widow she should have an annuity out of the testator's real estate the residue to be divided equally te certain parties named, tiey paying all the teatator's sons debts, or his wife's should she be the longest liver. The son attained 21, and died, leaving a widow, and the point for the determination of the Court was what estate the son took, *nd wbat (if any) estate was given over? The Vile. Chancellor held that there was an absolute gift of the realty to the son at the age of 21, and of the personalty at the death of the testator, and that the gift over waa void for uncertainty. Mr. Glasse and Mr. Dickinson appeared for the appellants; 3Mr. Swanston and Mr. Kay for the widow; M r. Baily and Mr. Sbebbeare in support of the decree. The LORD CHANiCLLOR gavejudgment, and «id, he had perused the will over and over alain, and, after a rmastre consideration of its wording must say that he was unable to agree with the Vice-Chancellor'sconstruction of it. The intention of the will seemed to be that the son was to take an absolute intorest in both realty and personalty, but that that interest was liable to be divested in the event of the testator leaving no other chUd, and the son dying without ever having had a child, and then the gift over was to take effect. It was a queston of considerable diffiulty to declde who were entitled to the gift over, and tberefore all that the Court would do now was to declare that the gift over had taken effect and direct an inquiry as to the persous en. titled. Ordered accordingly.
ROLLS'COURT, CHANCERY-LANZ DEC. 2. COX. T. CROrCH.-JyDWk=T Act TO CORTR. (Before tae MAS-TER of the RoLms.) Mis HoNOuR gave judgment in this easewhich inally camne before the Court on a motion for an injuncion to restrain the sailing of a sbip until the right.- of the plaintiff, who claimed to have an interest in her, were ascertained and protected. The case stood over for the olaintiff to elect whether he wonld continue his shares in iss ship, or receive hack hsis money, anid In the proceedings In chnambers it.became evident that the plaintiff's principal motiveflor taking shares in the ship was the bellef that he would be appointed her captain. Beirg disappointed In this belief, and the ship having at the titns, vhPtehin themotion for an in. junction was made, 31ready Bailed, the plaintiff had taken ponhimself tooriginate thepresent litigation, and having 1~X. B Pamer Mr Baahae, r.Bevir, and Mr. Karslake appeared in thisr case.gheX eivn r as TEE AMTOEIY-GENERAl V. W _T.rIE MDDLETOV t ~~~CHAIIrrTS, DEN~BIGHl. This wss an information filed by the Attorney*Ge"iirl, praying that certain estatea belonging to the Myddletoit ' ~~~~~~~~~~ repre6ecuitm * value atthe present time, as s far t3 defendant's- proportlon of the property we conerll, ot abeRt, 622. '-iyeRr, had bevin mnnaly, distributedi by the holders of the Ch#rk Castle and Deblbgh poor of the aboveb a*hes. In 1819 a sSItWtf' ie:£ estttes was made uAdet in Aet of Parlia. AtPbr o/ the eWhtlemoeasthom t#i. in. mlitUrnasE fiie& taktng ohs molety, d .ontinusig to [ C his share of the charitable t po. eod ti j ae y.4r.18W9 when hi died. .Ua. Presenit holder of this iriety did tiot so muuh objeotttopy the valuneof thealleged ,chbrg"~p6ii hie est%ke as t6 admit, that -it was a charg, and, *tb1s ihfondation-w&s- filed for the purpoe ot baring the ..sa nee of such a charge doclared by the Court. ;,.isEHoNouv, held that the charitable gsift in question .irlearlXcha.rgeable fromu time immemori. l npoa tlhe *at&ts and that the charge so created was recognized*nad - ~hfadi by the Aton8i°f ].liamhKeut under which the etates Pa alamer. Mir. T. Terre]], anDa M. I ddla appeerd
, ,., >ICk.OMOCBLLORS' COURTS. DZ. 2. TURN:ItK V. TITRN.1 f, , ; tBc r cchanceUor Sr Sr PT. KmmDtLxy. M,r. VmuasR applied, under the 38th ectIon of the 19th amd20th of Victotia, chap; 12 (the Settl Est&tf Act),. ffbk a eommiaiuo to erxmina a married woman at Quebec, 1bepropOSed!oommitsion to be directed to Wr. Andzer ;Stubrt, barrster and attoruey.at.law?t pcfing at Qoebec, adthe. Ion. Edward Brown, chief justioe of the Supreme C6urt; and the qnestion was whether the podtion of either of,thae gentlemen astisfiea thewotrdsoftbeAt. The 38th u o provded thatthe consent ofa mried womanahould ,k eitherbytheCour oraomesouicitordulyapointed 4* Cor for that purpoee, who should certiy, &o. of the persons namea wM a wlicltor of this Uoort, 'WRewe s olicitor at Quebec. -eVI :CE 1oRBid that the Act made It impe. .rtiive that it should be a solicitor of ihis Court, and both .be a ud be nderstood, otber branches of the Court had r- fa to Appoint any onae elsie. It might perbaps, be expod!ett^ ihiAt shou:ld be altered in tat res,*, btLt he * eould;nthmake a new Act, and he had no authority exoept * )Ir. Vniana~ then asked leave to mention the point to T.. VICE-CN0£LLOR said that, having refused the applation, msuch leave was"n eoessary. I ~~LORD V. COLVIN. It *111 be remembered that this came occupied the Court inuing several days at the close of the term. Mr. ANDXRSOW` as seoond counsel for the plaintlff now cinfdedthe arguments.° Thecaelstill proceeding. ( BqorcVe-ChanctUor Sir JoHN StUART) * BRQOO V. BROOL-MARRIAGE AT ALTONA OF A BRITISH SItBJnT DOMIILD I RN§GLAND WITR MS DECEASED - SEs SIST._ 0p VICE CLANCFUOR intimated that Hr. Jusice Cress- daiittend on Fridymorning next, In order to *TeJi<r his judgment iD the above case, which, It wil be recoltctd, involesthe question of th.vdlis, in thie country femarriage at Alton a, in thedueyofddwig-Holteine where such marriages are said to be valid, of a British smb domiciled in EngLna with tes sister of his deceased STiDBOTHAM V. ADEIS. * eMr. BAzALGTnTE movedA on behalf of the plaintiff, for .n Mttachuent, against the defendant Adklns, for want of an anszwer. .Anecded Interrogatories Wad been served on te. defendant's solicitor in September lst, but the defendant had not answered these iAterrogatorles The clerk Who served the amended interrogptories on the defendants solititor-ws now out of the country, but there was an indkntut in his Lhandwriting of such servlce on the draught copy of those interrogatories and there was also an iMidavit by a clerk of the plaintiff's solicitor of the admis. ied bythe defendant's solicitor of suoh servioe on him. The Vicz-0 -ostoR said be thought the evidence of aevie of the amended interrogatories with defendant's solibitor suthident, amd made an order for an attach3ieht. (Before Vice-Cha ncelr Sir JoHN STUART and Mr. Juace ERL.E.) SCOTT V. CORPORATIoN OF LTVERPOOL. This sit was instituted for the purpose of obtaining an account of works done by the plaintiffs, Messrs. 8cott and Nowell, for the defendantsi, the Corporation of Liverpool, in relation to certain waterworks authorized by the Legislature to be constructed for supplyin Liverpool with water, and for payment to the plaintiffs of what might be fotid to be due to them from the defendants on the takdig of ~nch cecounts. The plaintiftsX case is that the accounts are: too voluminous and complicated to be properly dealt with or disposed of in an action at law. The defendants' ease Is not concluded. The further heuaing will be pro- *et tt omorrowr Thursday). *.l[is, M. CDe (of the ooinmon lw bar), and 3fr; arlake appear for the plaintiffs; and Yr. Bacon, Mr. Knowrles (of the commuon law bar), MSr. Hawkins, Mr. Mill. waQd.(of the commnon lawr bar), and Mr. Rowcllffe appear for thie defendants.
COiJRT OF QUEEN'S BENCH, W DEC. 2. 1G V. PRN¶RT.T_ VshM, at Nisn Prim, bejore Lord CAIMB and Common J7urne.) -r. O'Malley, Q.C., and Yr. Thompson Chitty appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Rawkins for the defendant. he plaintiff iD this action, Mr. DonEad W. lKing, wzsa the"trical performer and singer and he aued the detendant, George Pennell, a picture dealer, in Berners-street, Oxford. street, to recover the sum of 581. 14s., due to him from the defendant under these cironinstances. It appeared the defendant liad a daughter, who was married to a Ma.. Davis, a hatter in Oxfordastreet. In the autumn of last year the plaintiff received an invitation to call at the defendant's hoase, which he accordingly did, and he there saw M Pehnell, who Introduced her daughter, Mr Davis, to him as Miss Pennell, and beggea to know what his terms woould be to give her instructions in muic. The plaintiff under too)c- to give the young lady lemsons for eight guinews a. quarter, and immediately commenced his duties, and gave his lessons at the defendant's house. He soon after discoverei that his pupil was married, And In a conversation which he had about the sane time with the defendant the latter ex. pressed great anxiety that his daughter should be qualified forthe stage. When the first quarer's payment bsoame due the pupl told the plaintiff that her father wished to paJ the amount, and, bavlng left the roomtofetch the money, she returned with it in her hand, and paid the plaintif eight guineas. The lessons were oontinued for; ho quarters longer, but it appeared that a few of the lesons in the first quarter were given sit DaVis house, and that after the first quarter many of 'them were given there. The defendant was extretaely anxious for his daughter to become proficient, and to tome out aa an actress, and he told the plaintiff that the yodng lady's husband had signed a deed by which he had agreed not to interfere to take the proceeds of her perforinances. The plaintiff was eolicited to introduce his pupil to the public, which he accordingly did at Southamop ton, on the first night as -a young lady," and on the Ml. lo*ing night as " Miss Rsina PennelL" From this time the young lady made several appearanoes in public, always as " 1 Miss Rosina Fennell," and, among otherplaces, at Sadler's Wells. At the Norwich and Yarmouth Theatres sbe played and sung in the Barber of &ville, Love Chase, Pelwfccewn, &t., Mr. Donald King also playing a pro. minent part The defendant accompanted the young lady to Norwich, and, in fact, had engaged the theatre a his own speculation; and, acoording to the plaintifs stxt;emebt, he had retained the plaintiff's services not only on this but on other occasions, and had omitted to pay him. The defendant admitted his liability for 201. for the Norwich entertainments, but he disputed the plaintiff's claim of 101, for his services at Sadler's Wells, as well as i6 guineas for two quarters' singin lessons, and a charge which the plaintiff made for the loan of music, The defendant was called, and denied the statements made bythe plaintiff- and his counsel relied strongly uon the fact that thougn the plaintiff ,had charged the defendant with the Norwich debt, he had sent in his account to Mrs Dapvis herself for the lessons, and had demanded payment from her in writing. The plaintiff had stated that he had addpted this course, at the saggestion of Mrs. Pennell, as the most likely mode of getting the money. lsM Pennell and her daughter, Mrs. Davis, were both in corlrt, but they were not called, Lord CArP.BnL summed np the evidence, and the jury found for the plaintiff for 361 16s JOEXS V. Gr lr. TAxton appeared for the plaintiff; the defendant did not appear, either in person, or y counsel, or attorney. The plaintiff in this action was a retail dealer in charcoal, and he sued the defendant, who was In the same way of bu4iness in a wholesale way, to recover damages for being given into custody and taken before a magistrato upon a bharge of obtaining goods by false prelences. The defendant ple2ded "Not Guilty, by statute." The plaintiff stated that he &ad entered into an arrangement by which the defendant ad undertaken to supply him with chroal from time to time, upon his giving his acceptances, to be endorsed by a --n named Howton, to cover the amount, He had thus given the defendant a bill for 12M, but that ws given up, and a 201. bill was accepted, and jest before that became due the plantiff accepted a further bil for 401 When the 20b bilL became due it was not paid, and the next day the plaintiff calling upon the defendant, the latter threatened that if the plaintiff did -not paythebiL forthwith he (the defendant) would give bimn muto custody for obtaining goods by false pretences. He was as good as his word, and sent for a policeman and rave the plaintiff in charge. The plaintiff was taken to a policestation, thence to a pollce-ofice, where he was discharged. The plaintiff gave as a, reason for aot paying the bill that it was not presented to him, and he stated that he had lodged 2017. ith his solicitor for the purpose of taking it up. T,Ord CAsPnEL,L told the jury he thought the plaintiff was enpitled to a verdict, but, underthe circumsatanoes, bisUrdsihp thought-the damages should be moderate. It did not appear that the defendant had any malice. The jury found for the plaintiff-damages 101. LEWIS V. LEVY. * r. O'Mialley, QC,, Mr. Petersdorff and Mr. Laxto, appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Edwin James, QC., and Mr. Serjeant Ballantine for the defendant. I The plaintiff In this action, Edward Lewls, was the manaoer of -a loan society called " The Traders and Mechanics moan Society," carried on at No. 16, Fetter-lane, but which society it appeared consisted only of the plaintifs ste a Mrs. Foster. The defendant, Joseph Moses Levy, was tha proprietor of a newspaper called the Daily Tee7pa, published in the Strand; and the presenat tion was brouglt aginst him by the plaintiff to reoover daInag. 7or several libels pubbshed in that' journal, imputing to the .$alntiffmthat he had bcen guilty of wilful and corrut 3ury The defendant pleaded, under Lord belmls Ac, ttte aricles in qurtlon were fair, corrct, aPd true le. -ports eT proceedings which had taken place in es urt of jl tice. Itappeared that-a .Mrs. Bass who wa tte o the ife of the to clek of Doer bu dio rctaed kra him by a~ decree Of the Ecclesaastical Court, had obtained a leanL from the plaintiff's eflce, and, according to the plaintiffa -5- * se, abe, together wlth an attornew's _cer], named J Fn Edward Collettk bad united to deei65e USe Pla. tiff, by representatlous to the effect that mms Bess was& wdo loy,and that In this way a sum of 30l. had been obtained fiom $he ide Th plahintiff made c hbrge against Collett, at GIdh of obtaining money by false pretenoes, and Xismr that 3r& BAs made n declaration that sbe wa a wow,. and that the defendant Collethad ofirmed te staTe. ilbiet. On this occason Mrs. Bans was examined as a witne, and deposed that she made tbe '--' * 'without her attention being tailed to that nrt which stated that she wasaw1dow; and.sbe added, thtehad told the plaintiff she was a married woman the wife of the town clerk of Dover. Upon this evidene the a dissmimed the charge against Collett, and, on the a of Colleta counsel, he granted A summons for theinti to aniswer a ebarge' f perjury. When this cbhrge cameon to be hear trs.d urepodtedtbeavidende behdgen on the previous occmion. In givng an account of thins hrlng, it the Dail Telegraph of tbe 4th of July, under tkheading "'Wilful and Corrupt Perjury, the defendant trea substance of Mrs. Bass's evidence1 but he omittg(tceve Irse Bass's crow-examinatlon,Jwhbch, it was now cont ml on the part of the plaintiff, would have entirely deeex the weight of Iber evidenoe, and so would have clea t plnaints character in the entimation of the pubL. The most material parts of this crossexaminatlon, as afterwards put in by the defendant, were thxt she (Urs. Bas) ha o various occasions obtained gooda from tradesmen, and on as mAnyas 12oooAsons, when sued, had pleaded her eoveTkr, Sh, also sated that she was living In the rsme home with Colle%ti and was often called Mrm. Coletit, but denied living with him as his wife. The report eon. eluded by tstaing that the magistrate (Hr. Rose) remanded the phintiff for further evidezncoa In a subsequtent number of the Tdegraph of the 18th of July, tbele was a repozt which stated that the plntiff ad surren3dered, in discharge of hiis zec-ognlssnoss to answer. & ebsargeof perjury; and it concludect with this pemsp,e which the plaintiff complained of as amounting to anmiput4tion that he wras guilty of the charge :-"'The magistrate dismnissed the sumionos, there not being xuffeiAent evidence to weenre a conviction." The plainti's cae wAx proved by putting in the several arteles complained of, and proving that a bill ws exposed in front of the defendans office, contaanin ong other notices to catch the eye, the following "i,lful and corrupt perjnry by the manager of i loan'Office" -Mr. JAixS submitted that it was the duty of the plairtiff to prove his cae by putting in the cross examination of 3m Bess; but Lord CA3mzBLL raled that as the plaintiff had proved the publication of criminatory matter the defendant must prove his plea. Mr. JAaIES then called Mr. Martin, the clerk to the magistrates at Gunidhall, who produced and read his notes of the evidence given by the various paties at tbeexaminations which hLd been us. at NEilhsE. read the evidence of Mrs. Bans, andthe croea-exrinolationw, as stated above, and his note made od whvt ocourredwhenthe summonsaginstthe plaintiffwa ditoissed. The latter ran thus :-That the summons wAs dismisoed because the evidence was " not likely toproduag a.cbnvictiOn." Mr. Alderman Rose wa alsomclled, and he saad he dis. mi4sed the charge because he thought " the evideno was not sufficient to lead to a conLviction." The Alderman added tbAt he had retson to believe that the witneascs had been kept out of the way. 31r. Jm¶S, in summing up his evidence, said it was ex. traordinary that a man should bring an action to vindicate his character, Andyetshould notdare to gointo the boxtobe cross-examined. One of the witnesses whom the Alderman hadtloughtwss keptoutof the waywas Gadem,aman inthe plaintiff' employ. The learned counsel contended thereports were fair and true accounts of whathad occmred; and s to giving all the cros. exaunnation of witnesses, if that were done, it would fill 17e Timem. At the most the plaintiff was not entitled to more than one farthlug damages. Mr. O'M.AIEy, in his reply, enlarged upon the frauds which the croeaexamination of Mra. Bas showled she had been in the habit of committing, and complained that, while all that part of her evidence which was calculated to inpute criminality to the plaintiff had b.een inserted in the report, the whole of the cross-examination, which would have destroyed its effect, had been omitted. Lord OAaBELIm, in summing up the evidence, soid the jur were the guardians of private character, and they were also the guardians of the liertvy of the press. It was of the last importance to protect the press in giving a fair ac. count of vhat pased in courts of justice; but it was at the same time of 'he last importance that that pri. vilege should not be abused, and iLt would be for the jury to say whetherthathad been the case in this ir4tanoe. The question was whether the three numbers of the Tdegrraph contained true and fair accounts of the prooeedings against the plaintiff Lewis before Mr. Alderman Rose, for if they did the defendant was entitled to a verdict. But if, on tbe contrary, the reports were not fair and bond fdt, the plaintiff would be entitled to a verdct. It was imposible thit reports should be given vrbalim* that would make the privilege delusory. Except in very important cases that could not be done, but a reporter should gives faihr abridg ment of whattook place, taking care, withoupartiality, and with eaonable care and sldli, to give a true account. With respect to the irst article, on the 26th of June, the jury would say whether the heading "Wilful and corrupt perjury" meant anythin2 more than that waS the substance of the charge made. With respect to one of the articles his Lordship observedthat he thought a reporter should confine himwelf to a dry atement of what took place, without maling commenit or drawing conclusions, at least in the articIe which contained the report. It would, ovowever, be competent for a journaist to canvss the conduct of juries, and even of judges; but in a report, hls Lordship said, he never wished to see more than a dry statement of what took place in court. His Lordship said he could not approve of the style of the report, in drawing conclusions, instead of stating what took plac in court. The report in question was not in the best style, such' a was generaly found in the daily papers, in wlhb, when he had leisure to look into them, his Lordship said he found very fair and impartial accounts of proceedins, for wilch the public ought to be much indebted tothe authors of those reports. But, though the report was not In that style, the jury must still consider whether it wastrue. Having called the attention of the jury to Alderman Rose's evidence, his Lordship said I there were many cases in which he thought it better that [the parties should not be called as witnesses; but ho thought tlat in a case like the present it might be expected that the plaintiff would becalled. Bis Lordship advised the jury to compare the published reports with the notes of ev5dence taken by the magistrates' clerk, and so to decide whether the reports in aestion were fair and accurate; bat if they should find thieir verdict for the plaintiff the danages ought to be very inconsiderable. The juryretired to consider their verdict, and on their return into court found for the defendant. TIDMIA V. EuLSTOB. In our report of this case yesterday the defendant's name was misprinted "Elatof" for "Elstob."
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, W3sTEn;mR, DEc. 2. GREENOUGH V. ECCLES AND O0RSL (SiUinga at Ni.Y Prius, bcforc Lord Chief Juettcc CocKBURN and Snwiml .Ttrfi- I Mr. Serjeaut Byles, Mr. Serjeant Parry, and Mr. Doyle were counsel for the plmintiff; the defendants, who are three brothers, severed in their pleadings, and Mr. Hugh Hill, QC., and Mr. Mellish were counsel for Alexander and Edward, and Mr. Manisty, QC., for the remaining defendant, Joseph. The action was upon two bills of exchange for 860. and 2801, reapectively. With respect to the lAtter bill the only question was as to the presentment. It axppeared by the evidence in support of a plea denying the presentment that the defendants, upon the face of the bill, were the drawers, and the plaintiff endorsee. The b1ll was addressed to a person named Cadman, at Wigan, and drawn " Pay to our order in London " The plaintiff proved presentment to one of the defendants at Wigan on the day the bill became due, and that it was also presented subsequently at Barclay and Co.'s, in London, but it appeared that the presentation in London was too late. Upon this evidence it was objected for the defendants that as between the endorsee and drawer It wa esential tbat a bill drawn as described should be presented in Lon. don, and Mr. Serjeant Byles, for the plaintiff, admitted that although a matter strictissnmijur-e, the objecton was good. The main controversy was as to the bill for S60. It appeared that the plaintiffhad been in the habit of discountingbills for four or five years through a person named Tilly, an estate agent in Lodge-street, Ltverpool. The plaintiff had until lately been a coalowner, and bad ba d various trantactions with Cadian, in which the names of the defendants were involved. The defendants were until lately minbers of the firm of Joseph Eclies and Co., cotton brokers. The billin cuestion purportedto be drawn by the firm, and Cadman beng indebted at the time to the plain. tiff to the amount of 1,900I , apIled to the plintiff to discount it. At first the plainW refuged, but upon the entreaty of Cadman consented to discount the bill upon oon. dition that he should hand over to Cadman 3001, and place the residue to Cadmanla credit in account, which was done. On the part of the defendants Alexander and Edward, 3wa0 w paid into court, and the defence ws that Joseph ccles had become connected with Cadman in speculations, and in an evil hour bad commenced using the name of tho firm upon negotiable instruments without authority. In eupport of this defence Alexander Eccles was called, and it appeared from his evidence that the discovery of the conduct of Joseph with regard to negotiable instirments and the improper use of the name of the firm led to the dissolution of it on the 1st of July last. M5r. Cadman was then called, who, it appeared, had become bankrupt, but his evidence corroborated that of the plaintif and some discussiontook place s to whetherhe might be regarded as an "adverse FwitnesEs within the meaning of the 22d section of the Common Law Procedure Act, and whether evidence might be called to contradict The LoRD C=F.T JuST:r[ said, he was personally answer able for the clause in question, but not for the framing of it. Me thought there was nothing in the evidence to show that the witness could be contradicted as " dverso"-the term messing. according to its sense before the Act, " adverse i mind and disposition." The jury founud a verdict for the plaintiff for 560?., there being no case for the plaintiff a to the 280l. bill, and none for the defendant as to the bill for 8601. GORTENOUG1 V. RASTHAN. This was an ation against the acceptor of the bill fo 8604 -mentioned in the last case. The facts involved were the same, and The jury found a verdiot for the plaintiff for t69Z. ee 8d, MuIITCIIELL V. NOR=.S -Mr. Hogins, Q C MIr. Needham, and lr. u. James wer eotmnsel for the ilaintiff; Mr. Seijeajt Bylee and Xr. Seri'ent Hayes appeared for the defendant. Te plaintiff in thix setio>, which lastd til labe in the evening, is Mr. Mitchell, the theatrical agent ad bl; In Bond-street. The defendant is a member of the Stftk Exdlbxsge, fOrmerlY Of WlIanW, beartr Banat ana iflow of HadCty-atreet. The actiore was broight to reeeOr" w=of 300 g'dineme for the hire of a box at the %j 10
COURT OF EXCHEQUER, WEDNDAY. DXC. 2. ROWLAND V. PRINCE. (&qitngs at Afi,t Prius, bcjore the CiuF' BAox.) Mr. l5erjeant Parry and Mr. Petersdorff were counsel for tbe plaintiff; Mr. Huddleston and Mr. Murray appeared for the defendant. This was an action against the defendant as the acoeptor of a bill for 351., at two months, drawn by Harry Prince, his brother, and endorsed to the plaintiff. The defendant pleaded that he had had no consideration for the acceptance, and that the bill had been delivered to the plaintiff by his brother, the drawer, on the special condition and vnder. standing that it was to be returned if another bill for 551 could not be withdrawn, and that in breach of that con. dition the bill in question had been put into clrculAtion by The s, which was part-heard yesterday, was supported on both sides by the following testimony, which we prefer to allow to speak for Itself. Mr. Rowland.-I am the pliLntiff, and reside in Albanystreet, Regent's Park. I know Harry Prince slightly. He represented himeelf to be a gentleman when he applied to me in June last to cash a bill for hin for 551. I ap lied to Mr. Dalby to discount it, and received 11O0. from him, of which I gave Mr. Prince 481. lOs. in alL He afterwards asked mue to do another hill for 351 1 applied to a Mr. Wilson, who lent me 81. 1S5. on it, and I gave it to Prince. As Wilson could not advance the rest, I got 101. from Mr. Dalby to redeem the bill and I paid off Mr. Wilson. Dalby then made up the balance to 301., charging 51. for the loan. When the bil for 551. was due it was taken up Both bills were drawn by Harry Prince on his brother, the defendant in this action, at two months, and accepted by bim. The 351. was not paid at maturity. I sent notiee to the defendant at Southampton and to Harry Prince at Brighton, but the letter came back through the Dead Letter-offiee. In fact, AIr. Harry Prince was not to be found when he was wanted. Cross-examlned.-I eold him a chain once for lOs., hot 51. I have been a gentleman's valet in the first families in the land, and have since thst lived by honest work. I am a commission agent. I have visited billiard rooms, but never was a professed marker. I never kept a casino. I am 45, and Harry Prince is 24 years of age. The witness was then cross-examined at great length as to the circumstances alleged in the plea, to which he gave a distinct negative, and which are set forth in Harry Prince's evidence. Re-exaamined.-I have paid 274 lOs. to Harry Princoe on aoount of this bilL He said he wanted the chain for a lady, and I let him have it. The papr handed back, and which he tore up, was an "I O U" for 101. I did not say it was the bill. Mr. Dalby, the owner of the celebrated " Carminative," which Serjeant Parry desen1,ed, amid general laughtor, as " some stuff to polish up old ladies and gentlemen," confirmed the statement of the plaintiff as far as he was concerned, as did Mr. Wilson, who was also called by the plaintiff. On the part of the defendant the following evidence was then iven William Prince.-! am the defendant, and the brother of Harry Prince. I am the manager of a batsiness at Southamzpton. I am 30 and my brotheris 24. I accepted the bill for 55., and that for 35., by way of accommodation for him, and never received any part of the proceeds. I have paid, or caused the former one to be paid, as I did not wish to publish the matter. Croes-examined.-I have only accepted three bills for my brother. My father Is a clergyman. My brother has neyer been brought up to any business or profession, and lives on what his father and friends allow him. I have given him 301. or 401. this last year myseUf. is father allowed him nearly enough to keep him, I should say. My brother was not on the turf, though he may hav6 backed a horse occasionally. Harry Prince.-I am the brother of the defendant, and am just pa 24 years of age. I never represented myself to be 19. I have not been brought up to any profession or busnees, but my friends alvays allowed me enough to keep myself in a respectable position. On the 5th of June I wrote to the plaintiff, mx erstnding that he had means to discount hills for gentlemen of the west-end. I subsequently saw him, aud told him I w anted 501. I agreed to draw a bill for 65 to cover the interest. The plaintiff told me Mfr. Wilson would discount it. I had arranged with my brother for his acceptance. I gave the bill to the plaintiff, with 21. lOs. for his trouble. He said he would call next merning with the 501. but he never did [so. He afterwards told me he had had a great deal of trouble about the money, and that I must take 91. for 101. I met him afterwards at an eatinghouse, where he kept me waiting while he pro. fessed to go to Wilson for the money. I received from the plaintiff 251. in various small sums, from each of which a deduction was made by the plaintiff for his trouble, and his luncheon and omnibus fare, amounting to 41 10s. As I could not get any more money, I gave plaintiff another bill for 351. to cover those advances, on the understanding that be was to return the first bUIl for 551. He took the second biUlaway, and on his return said he had left it with Mr. Wilson for his consideration. He then gave me a sum of about 101., which he said he had coUected for Wilson. I afterwards asked him to give me back the 351. bill and the balance on the 551. bill, when he told me the 101. was on account of the second bUIl. I insisted on returning the money and having back the second biUL I met the plaintift afterwards near the Colosseum with a friend. lHe gave me a piece of paper which he represented to bo the 351 bil, which he tore up saying, " There's your bill." Itore it up further and threw the pieces away, believing they were the bilL We then went into a publichouse, where I paid the plaintiff back the 101., and gave hius 11. as a reward for going to get the balance on the first bUI next day. I never got any more, and just before the bill became due I went to the plaintiff and offered to give him 351. as all that was due on it. He said he wvould have it alL because of a quarrel about turf matters. When the bill became due my brother would not hear of any litigation, and we paMi the whole bill. The next thing I heard of the plaintiff was that my brother had been served with a writ at his suit for the 351. bil!. I went to the plaintiff, and be said it was of no consequence, and arose out of ak mistake no doubt, but he afterwards brought another action against me as the drawer. (This action also stood for trial to-day). The plaintiff told me once, when I askled for the money, it was uunal for gentlemen raising money through an agent t take part of the money in goode, and he pressed me to bay something of hinm-a whip and a fishing-red were mentlored. I dlid bay this chain of him for 51. accordingly. Cross-examined.--I have specula.ted in timber ohee or twice to a small extent, I leEt school at 18. I havQ been doing nothing since to gain a living. I have been looking cutter a Government situation, I have an auncle dn the i c:o almy. He is a geueral officer. I suppose I got tbrough about HOL this last ear. That was more than I ever had spent befors. I never discounted a bi31 before the first I did with the plaintiff, and I never betted on the turf btfore the end of spring. I did not keep a book, though I kept memo?andd Of the horses I baoked of coure I can play at billiayds but very little, and I never touched a card. My father allows me 3001. or 4001. a-year, just as I want it, and my friends make up the rest. When the trialwas resume4 at this stage this morning other vwitnesses were called, who corroborated the statement of the last witness as to the proceedings near the Colosseum and the interview with the plaintiff afterwards at the publiehouse, vhen the 104 was repaid. When thia evidence was given, which closed the defendant's case Mr. BiDLESTO-N rose to sum it up, bat he was stopped by the jury, who stated that they had made up their miads to find in favour of the defendant. Upon this Mr. PTERnSDORr, after making aa ineffectual struggle, submitted to be nonsuited in this action, and withdrew the record in that against Mr. Barry Prince.
COUBT OF BANZKRUPTCY, Batinghcal-str4 Dec. 2. RT RE T3Y HOISRHOLDERS' GEN-UWE BREAD AXD FLOVR - COMPANY. (Before 3/r. Commisioirne Ho1ROVD. i an order for winding-up this company was m sde with the consent of Mr. Edward Lacy. its pronioter,. and all other parties concerned. The particulars of the case have already appeared in The Times. (Before Mr. Commnioner GouLmBuRn.) In RE J. F. A. iAINCH. The bankrupt was a coismission and general merchant, of 19 and 20 Minoinglane. Hi. debts are 2,4321.- assets, nominaL It i alleged that immediately preoeei ; 'the bankruptcy1 and after Mr. Johu Denton, of Bowv ommon, manure manufacturer, the trade assignee, had obtined a judgment against him, the bankrupt disposed of his furniture, horses, phaeton, and other effects, and appropriated the proceeds to the payment of a few private creditors in full, to the prejudice of the general body. The hankrupt, it further appeared, was proprietor of an ar*cle styled 'herb tea," but which wouid not appear to6 have attained much celebrity. This was the certificate meeting. After hearing Mr. Lucas in opposition, and Mr. Lawrance in support, the Court ordered an adjournment. IN RE MARSDEN A MARSDEN. The bankrupts wvere shawl wzarehousemen, of Highat*eet, Isllngton. This was an adjourned examination m-eeting. Mr. Bagey opposed; Mr. Chidley and Mr. lawrance appeare to support. The bankrupts passed, subject to an alteratioD in the separate balance-sheet of Anthony lIarsden. IN RtE ALEXANDE ROBINSON. The bankrupt is deacribed as a merchant, of 1, Great SI. Helen's, Eishopsgate. His accounts show unsecured creditors 5,228L This was an adjourned examination meeting. Mr. BAGLEY, for the assignees, asked for an adjournmtnt. The bankrupt had had transactions with his sister$ who realded in Dublin, to the large amount of 28,0001. That lady was returned as a creditor for 4,000. A ship had been assigned to her shortly before the bankruptcy, and the result of an examination of the lady must deternine whether the <reditors would obtain a dividend. The COURT ordered an adjournment for that purpose. (Before Mr. Commissionwr PONBLANQUTE.) IN RE S. OCOHEFORT. The bancrupt was an importer of foreign goods, of Broad-street-buildings and elsewhere. This was an adjonmrel examtnation meeting. Mr. Lucas supported; Mr. Dean opposed. REs HoNouR said the bankrupt's story of Mlss Henrique, who was alleged to have been in receipt of 84. per year wage;, having been the owner of considerable property, was a very singular one. It was, however, deposed to bythe nkrupt andunucontradicted by other evidence. Hei was greatl dissatisfied with the bankrupt's accounts, but, taving regard to the long time he had been before the Court, he mights now pass; the pasing of the examninationl not tO preclde inquiry respecting certain minine shares and other property.- IN REU CHARLES FRRDEIIC1K SCHLESINGER AND E. SCJLESINGER. TIhe above were merchants of 9 and 10, Basinghall-street. They were adjudicated bankrupts to-day, and surrendered. The debts and liabilities are said to be of considerable amount.
INZOL VENT DEBTORS' COURT, Dec. 2. INRE ALFRED JAMES CO(O)nT.T. (Before Mr. Commissioner MURPHY.i Ti'le inwolvent, an ensign in the 4th West Mfiddlesex R-eRim-ent Of Militia, applied under the Protection Act. Mr. pargood opposed for two creditors, and Mr. Dowse supported. UPOn examination thte inrolvent stated that he was not quite 23 yeas of age, had followed no occupation, and his only source of income had been an allowance of 1001. per annum from his father. He was not entitled to any pro. pek,but his father expeoted to suocceed to some, inwohic case he bad promised to benefit him (insolvent). Mr. SARGOOD dlrew the attention of the Court to the nature of the debts. There were 12 creditors, eight of whom were tailors miud three bootmakers, whose aggregate clalims amuounted to 1771. for goods supplied since march last The other creditor was 361. for board and W.ogIng. The leaRned CoussE having elicited from the insolvent that during a portion of the six months immediately pre-
kWIN2ER ASSIZES. HOME CIRCtll'. tM DSTONR. Dun. 2. 'lhe commission for the county of Sent was opened in this town on Tuesday by Mr. Justice Willes. The usual preliminary fornalities having been gone through his Lordship ascertained that no gaol calendar had been printed, and that consequently he had none of the usual information regardingthe state of the business, This, it appears, aroae in eonanence of there being some dispute between the High Sherur and the county justices as to the party liable to pay for the pnting of the usual gaol calendars, and the conse. quence as been that at the last quarter sessions there iwere no calendars printed. It is of course very essential to the administration of justice and to facilitate the proceedings that a gaol cadendar should be published, and r. Justice Willes very soon put an end to the difficulty, so far as these asizes are concerned, by giving an intimation that unless a gaol calendar was speedily furnished he should impose such a fine upon the High Sberiff as would tend to remedy the inconvenience in future. Thisbad the desired effect, and today calendars were published as usual, but still, as it would a pear, ve] sparingly, as the gaoler stated that he wasuuae to supply the representatives of the press with a ooy. There are. it appears, 21prisoners for trial, but the majority of the cass axe of tbe ordinary charaoter. Peter Whitelow, 57,was indicted for sacrilogiously breakfng and entering the church of St. Mary, at Chatham, and stealing two Burplices and other articles, the property of Robert Fauldrey Wheeler and others. Mr. F. J. Smith prosecuted. Edwin Chapman, the sexton of St. Mary's church, Chathbam deposed that on the 13th of October, in consequence or information he received, he went to the church, and proceeded to the vestry-room. He found the door open, and upon going in he saw a fire burning in the grate. Upon furtber search he discoveredtbat two surplices were missing, and that a number of forms had been torn out of the book of blank certificates of marriages. The covers of books which had contained the baptism, marriage, and bural services in common use were aso missing. He subsequently discovered that none of the outer doors of the church had been unlooked or opened, but about 12 panes of bed-.lght windows at the west end of the church over the christening pew were broken out, and the middle iron bar of the same window was forced up. The breaking appeared to have been from the outside. U;pon going into the sligers' pew in the gallery h found the prisoner concealed under the seat with the cushions over hhm. He asked the prisorerwherethe spUces 'were, and who was with him, and he made no answer, and witness gave him into custody. As they were going to the police-station he observed that the prisoner was wearing the murplices under his clothes, and they were tekeu from his person after he arrived at the station. The prisoner was an entire stranger to him. There had been no fire in the vestryrooml for many months before, and from the appearance of the ashes in the grate it seemed to have been fed with paper, and it must have been burning for some time, as the place was quite warm. Richard Hlse, a police sergeant at Chatham, deposed that he searched the prisoner, and found in his possession three glasses of an inkstand, a comb, and three dozen marriage certificate forms, that had been torn out of the book in the vestryroom. He observed to the prisoner, " I see you have had a fire in the church," and he replied, "Yes; it was dark when I got in; I unlocked the door and came out and got some lucifers of some Medlcal Staff men who were passing, and went in again, lit the fire, and lay down and had a good sleep." The prisoner had no shirt on, but two hassocks were taken from his person. The prisoner afterwards told him that he had served in the navy, and had been to the Crimea, and said that wbon he awoke from his sleep he heard the men at work ontside the church, and went up into the singers' pew to hide himself intending to stop there until the workmen had gone to breakfast. The following extraordinary statement made by the prisoner before the magistrate was then put in:- "All the evidence is pretty near my own words - they have told the truth. The sqnares were common lattice, lifted up, and broken. I had been to a sort of free-and-easy in Brompton wlth some Bappers whom I knew at Sebag. topol, end they were going to Iodia yesterday. Ilhad a drop of drink extra. About 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning I got to the military road, and stepped at a night house. I returned towards the barracks and saw the iron-gatoway of St. carys church open. I went into the grameyard and looked to see if the men had left a water bottle, -s I was thirsty. I looked in at the window and saw a christening font. I broke a square and tried to open the window, buo- could not, I lifted it up, afraid of breaking the glaes. I saw a stone and a piece of wo6d so I 'prized' them, and made it large enough for my bodytto get in. Istuckfastforhalfanhour. I madesure thete wag water by the font. When I got inside I found no water. I saw the fire ready laid in tbe vestry, and some of the books alongside the fireplace, as if they were used for waste piper. I went out and got some lucifers and came in and litlthe-fire. Then I saw a surplie, and I took my old shirt off and put it In the fire and burnt it. I raised the surplice and iut it on Instead of mv shirt. Just as I was going another sauplice stared me. i tbe faee, and I could not get ovei that, but was obliged topul my jacket offagain and to pi~ that When the prisoner was called upon for his defenoe he said he was drunk-at thetfime, and he suppoEed She Devil bad tempted himto do.what he did. The jury found the prisoner GuiUy, and he was Eentenced to 12 monihs' hard labour.
NORTHERfr CIRCUIT. LIVERPOOL. Dxc. 2. CROWNr COURT..-(Before Mr. JuSttce WIGHTMAa.) James Graham, Sydner Howarth, and Edward Bradshaw were charged with assaulting and robbing George Pearson. Mr. Milne appeared for the prosecution. Mr. Simon defended the prisoner Bradshaw. The other prisoners were undefended. It appeared that on the 21st of August last tbeprosecutor, wbo is a farmer, was returning home from a cattle-fair at Great Harwood. The prosecutor said that five men came behind him and held him by the the throat and robbed him, and then ran away. He saw the three prisonersastheyran away, and now swore that they were three of the men who attacked and robbed him. He had told the police that he should not be able to Identify them. A witness, a brick. maker, aid he was in his brickfield on the day in question, and that he had seen the prisoners coming from the direction of Holt-farm, where the prosecutor resided, and near where the robbery took place. His LORDSIIP summed np, and the Jury returned a verdict of Guilty against all the prisoners. A previous conviction wras then proved against the pn oner Gr abs, and he was sentenced to penal servituIde lob6 years. Howarth and Bradahaw were each sentenced to penal servitude for 4 years. !~ ~ ~~~wr .c setn.
IIDDLES2rX SESSIONS, Wednesday, Dec. 2. (Before Mr. BLiss, Q.) Joee Maria De Lars, a young Spaniard, was indicted for stealing 60 sovereigns, several bank.notes, and some foreign coins, the money and property of Francisco Sang. The prosecutor stated that he was the commander of the Peravian frigate Amazonas, lying at Blackwall, but since tne 21st of September be had been living at No. 40, Conduitstreet. The prisoner was purser's servant on board the ship, and occasionally aisted at the house where witnes lived. On the 19th of October witness placed in his desk 454 in bank-notes (two 104 and five 5U), 60 sovereigns, 12 halt. sovereigns, and some foreign eoins, and locked it. The deek was in his bedroom. On the evening of the samae da he wenttothedesk,butthe key would not open it, and.he sent for a constable. When the desk was forced open itwas foand that the notes and money had been abstracted. Walker, 15 C, deposed that on the 19th of October, from information he had received, he went to Sidney-street, Whitechapel, and apprehended the prisoner. He ptodnoed 49 sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and 23 foreign colns, wnich he received from Diego Ihendoza. The last-named person, a seaman belonging to the Amazonas, said he saw the prisoner and anotherlad counting over a quantit of gold, which he took from them and gave to the constable. Emmanuel Sevillano, cabin-boy, proved that on the da of the robbery the prisoner was in the captain's Z rooma In summing up, The learned JUDGo said he had experienced tome diffi culty in getting out the facts of the case, no counsel being instrmoted for the prosecution, but he had made It somewhat clear at last. He wished it was the rule In this cow ty, as it was in those other counties with which he was acquanted, to have counsel for the prosecution in every case; it saved theCourt a great deal of trouble, tended very much to the proper and efficient administration of justice, and mith respect to coat, was trivial and paltry mn coin parison with the advantages to be derived frm such ak The prisonerwasfound Gfuily, and sentencedit eight months' hardlabour. William Jones, alu Davis, &c., was indicted for stealin| a bali-cock, the property of Frederick Hatton, and a bF I coc; the pro ertyof another person, the same being fixed to Mr. Iangford was couisel for the prosecution. It appeared that the prisoner had been in the habit of going about to housee representing that he had been sent by the water company to see that the ball-cocks of the cisterns were in proper order. Having thus got access to the cistern, he would say that the ball-coock was out of order, and take It away, converting it into what it would fetch at the nearest marine store-dealer'. There were mally similar cases against him. The jury found him Guilty, and former convictions were proved aainst himb On his last trial he was sentenced by this Court to one year's hard labour. All his offences were of the same de8cription-stealing fixtures. MIr. Buss sentenced him to three years' penal servitude, observing that it was quite time the public were protected from his systematic depredations. ary Ann Ryan was indicted for stealing two iron instru ments, the property of John Warren. The prosecutor was a turnoock, and the propery the prisoner was charged with stealing were the key and lever with which he turned ihe water-mains. He left them in the treet for a abort time, and the prisoner ran off with them and tried to make a sale at a marine store-shop, but the dealer refused to purchase them and the prisoner ran away, pursued by the marInerstore.man, who captured her. He gave her in charge on supicion, and the artioles were soon after claimed by the prosecutor. Guilty,-Tbree months' hard labour. Ma Ann Ballen, 28, was indicted for having stolen a brooch, a wateb, and a portemonnaie, value together 301, the property of Maria Magaret Dennys, in a dwelling- Mfr. Sleigh and Mr. F. H. Lewis appeared for the prosecu. tion; Mr. Ribton for the prisoner. The circomstances of this case, which was tried on Tuesday and lasted until a late hour, were pculiar and interesting. In Januay last the prisoner entered the service of the Rev. Mr. Owen, of Carlton-vllas east, and remained until the U1th of May. In Mach the prosecutrix, a daughter of Sir George Dennys, was on a Vibit to Mrs. Owen, and during her stay she lost a mosaio brooch, set in gold and of peculiar dedign. In the centre were two Neapolitan figures, a dog and a representation of a man with a cockea-ha. She also missed a pencii-case and a a portemonnaie, and on the 20th of that month her gold watch, which in the mornng she had left hanging at the head of her bhd. On that day the prosecutrix rent to Brompton, and during her absence tie prisoner said to Mrs. Owen, "I should not wonder if Miss Dennys loses her watch while she is out, as when she went out I saw it hanging loosely by her side." Mrs. Owen asked why she did not tell hfiss Dennys, to which the prisoner replied, " that it was no business of here." When Miss Dennys returned this was told to her, when she declared that she had not taken her watch with her ht al, but had left it in her bedroom, because, as sbe had to ride toBrompton, in an omnibus, she would not take it, having once been very nearly robbed of it in one of those vehicles. The watch Was missing. In July the prisoner went into the service of Mrs. Gregory, of Hendon, and that lady noticed in her possession a watch and brooch scarcely befitting a servant girl, and asked her where she got them from. The prisoner said her sweetbeart gave her the watch, and an oldwomannamed Windsor, living at Yeovil, where she camefrom, the bro ch. Mirs. Gregory, suspecting something wrong, made a sketch of the brooch, ana took the number of the watch. Subsequently a communication was made to Mrs. Owen, and the brooch was identified by the sketch and the description given of the figures upon it as that lost by Miss Dennys and the number of the watch was the number of Mis Dennys's, which she bought at Cheltenham in 1849. The prisoner was afterwards taken into custody at a house in Acre-lane, Brixton, where she was then in service, and in her possession was found a portemonnaie, which Milss Dennys identified as hers, and she was charged with stealing that and the watch and brooch, the description of those seen in her possession exactly corresponding with those lost by the prosecutrix, but they had not been traced, and the prisoner gave no account of what had become of the watch and brooch she had. Mr. RnToy made an able and energetic address to the jury, entreating them not to convict the prisoner upon the mere coincidence of two descriptions of articles which were not produced. The portemonnsie, he submitted, was out of the question, as there 'were hundreds of thousands exactly like it to be purchased in the metropolis. The jury found the prisoner ZVot Guilty. Edward WillesEnight, 37, was indicted for having stolen abill of exchange for MS three letters, and a mat of the value of 6s., the property of George Henry Shepberd. Mr. Lau%ford appeared for the prosecution, Mr. F. H. Lewis for tne prisoner. The prosecutor stated that he lived at 13, Norfolk-square, and had been a grocery merchant and a dealer in colonial produce. The prisoner's wife was in his service as housekeeper, and be (prisoner) called at his honse one day and took about 70 duplicates, upon which he had advanced about 81. to the wife. a mat, three letters, and an overdue bill of exchange for 6. On a subsequent day he called and was ushered into the study, when he asked prisoner's wife ia his presence what had become of the missing articles. The prisoner said he need not ask about them, he had got them, and for 101. he would give thein up and suppress a charge of adultery which he could prefer against them upon the evidence of the letters. He ordered him out of the house, and subsequently this charge was preferred, In cross-examination he said, he took the house 13, Norfolk-square on t'o 29th of September, not by false pre. neuces. He gave references. Be bad been a grocer's assistant, ut was nothing but a gentleman now, living upon what ho had acquired by industry in his call of life. (EHe was very young in appearance.) Acceptances of his to the amount of 3501. were out,'and not yet due. They were held by a lady, young or old he would not say, and were for tashmneres which had belonged to the Eing of Oude. He ob. jected and declined to say where he bought the furniture in his house, but denied that two cartloads of it had come from the prisoner's when the wife of the latter went into his service. He paid the prisoner's wife 1001. a-year board wages; sometimes he took breakfast or tea with her. That was at his expense. He had now no ostensible employment, but lived on his means honestly acquired, not by his wits. The prisoner was sOnt to gaol for assaulting his wife, and while he was there she came to live with him as house. keeper. Her name was Lydia Almore Knight. Did not addresshis housekeeper as "my dearest Lydia." (The letters shown him.) Those letters were never sent to the prisoner's wife, they were never out of his possession. They contained the words " my dearest Lydia," but they were intended to apply to another Lydia-not prisoner's wife-one to whom he hoped soon to be married. He styled her " Lydia Shepherd" in one of the letters in anticipation of the event which.was to gtve her that name-in fact he was, like mosb men were at some period of their lives, in love. (Much laughter.) He did not send the letter to-the person they were meantfor, as he reconsidered their contents, and thought " under the circu7mstances" that what vas-written on pasper might be used -somoe day against him in a court of ustlce if he altered his feelings, so he wrote in their stead letters of a more soher and less affectionate nature. (Con tmined laughter.) lie would not say where his ifurniture camne from, and declined to give any reason fd$ his.efusaL (PHrsoner.-You stole it from me.) ': did not know the prisoner until he came out of prison, bat he kcnew Mrs. KEnight years rgo, before sbe eloped ;with )he prisoner to America. She did 6o. The bill of exchange was for 54, money lent, drawn upon James Gurr,, of Clrcus.c0dge, IRoysl-hill, Greensicb, It was 4du the 9th of March, 1856, and had not been paid. Once he gave the prisoner into custodY £or ;reatiug a disturbanuce t his howesbyringinc the bel0, but the cairge was not entertained by the polloe nuspector who said as the prisoner oily went to mee hit wie he,had done nothing wrong. He hia, beddes the housekeeper, a cook and housemaid. He took te prbsoner' ife.et,o of charity on asccunt of his bra. ality-he haa muchx injured lhr by his violence. The prionersaid tthe tickeits relatid to property of his, and he woul giv the upfor lot Mr. LANGPOXm said he should withdraw from the case it the Iputationsupon the prosecutor with respect to the prIsoner's wife were withdrawn by Mr. Lewis. Mr. isirald he should withdraw notbing. If -the prosecun ere withdrawn the prisoner must be simply LANGI'CORD.-I Xhalt not call any fuatber evidence Mr. 1EWIS,-'Unde1r these circumsstances 1 sallM decline to addre the jury unlesethey thinkthereisevidenceaganst the prisoner. The learnedTUD?GE told the jury he thought the cofunl had acted quite right. The prisoner acknowledged to the proecutor that he h duplicasnd ad hewonld ye themin ; fo . a etirs;e h hav thog weeme for hhe r name being Lydia th e ntas openly cim the prisoner, as havin e tker the re b Th i of exchange hdnvrbe rcd n,udrsc circnnstanoee4. coul d thethe ba n guil th feohnyKa? 4.wsInitdfrfloinyebz nabi zMof 2disp 12tu d mand thrlan amomatniepreoeieds by The jury t oundce Oie h erison th e pr rt. . Th. Goita tdeclied tod the dpicades pay to he Tcionju for t the pcfawstG oeoutl. Mr. ORRSe snan aqln tand the prisokner'st hav kept onl toh gt eeasn. 4E2 was, ndtheedfor feonhisldrey fbeauing the s om om f he2 6rid a8rdnd herao doubt had roeied b hin llr. (jiffard for teo the prisoner.to hard Ubonr hr
PazrIcE. MAI!sONHOIYs-Willhm Brodie, a respectably.dreswd man, of about 30 years of age, was brought before theLoRD MAO,upon remand, charged with having stolen a preat.~ cat belonging to Mr. J. N. Jones, a warehouseman, in Newington, Buttts. At the previous examination the pzosecutor said that on Saturday snorning lAst he entered the News-rooms in Cheap. aide, and placed his greatcoat over one of the settle,. While reading a newspaper he saw the pn'soner hastilyeieave his seat and take up hi (prosecutor's) coat, and me0 towards the door. Prosecutor called out to him, " Where ale you going to take that coat?" Upon which the prisosier returned, and, in a state of excitement, sad he had pade a btake oand taken It for his own. He was then given into custody. Mr. Hobler, the solicitor, yesterday attended for the prsner, and said hie had beenL givent nestna h wfe of the latter that hle really b ad left home on the mpornin in question with his greatcoat over his arm. Tae LoRD MAYOR sid, he thought that not much re liance could be placed upon the evidenoce of a wife under such circumstances, and he did not see the necssity of puting any questions to her. In answer to the LonD MAYon, Sergeant White, polioe-constable 3, said he had been able to lean but very little respecting the prisoner's character. He had only been in his present lodgings a fo4znight. L Mr. Hobler.-My instirctions are that the prisoner is a --4ery respectable young man and bear an' excellent ¢hActer, to which a gentlemax has been requested to attend and speak. Unfortunately, however, he was not present, The prisoner's wife, a decently-dreesed, good-loolkng young woman, here entered the witness-box, and, in reply to the LoRD MAYOR, mid she had been married sinoe1863, and lived in Salisbury-street, Strand. Herhusbaud did not live with her. She had formerly held a ituatlon in one of the waiting-rooms of the Great Western Railway, her husband during the time working wherever he could find employment. She left her situation about 13 weeks ago, and came to London to her preeent address, believing her husband. to be living at the Panklibanon Ironworks, in Baker. street. Although he did not live with her, she had been for some weeks past in the habit of seeing him almost every day. The last time she saw him before now was on SaturdaT morning last, when, as far as she could recollect, he qmtted her, taking with him his greatcoat. The LORD MAYoR.-I cannot understand how it is that he has only been in his present lodgings a fortnight, accoraing tothe sttementoftheconstable. Howcomes he&tobe living apart from you? Wife (with much simplicity).-I cannot at aU1 accoupst for tat. I am afraid nowr, howvever, that he has lost his ituation and taken a separate lodeging, not liking to come to me. He kcnowrs that for weeks past 1 have been unable to main. tllmyself. At the present moment I have not bread to The LoRD MAYoL-There is something very mysterious about this case, Wife.-My husband is too honest a man to steal ax ooat. I am convinoed that he never would do anything of th6 sort White the constable, said that the address which the prisoner Lad given himwas No.2, Duke-street, Bloombtir, and that on proceeding thither he found a young wroman who said she was the prlsoner's wife. The LoBD MAYoR.-Where is that young woman ? White.-She is now in court, my Lord. The LORD MAYOR desired her to stand forward, and a good.looking girL of about 18 years of age, stepped Into the box and stood next the prisoner's wife. The LoRtD AYoR.-What relation are you to the prisoner ? GirL-None at all; but I ought to be. The IoRD MAYoR.-YOu are not his wife? Girl.-No. rve been living with him. He has seduced me after making me repeated promises of marriage. We have been a fortnight together at our preaent lodgings. He told me he wAs not a married man. (Here the girl commenced crying bitterly and fainted.) The Lord MAyoR.-Prlsoner, we now understand' your reason for having a second lodging. You have deceived your wife; you have seduoed this other poor girl, and ruined her prospects for life. That is the greatest crime a man can commit. WLfe.-I don't think he has ruined her, my Lord. (To the prlsoner.)-Have yo-u ruined her. Prisoner.-No; I have not ? Girl (crying).-Oh ! yes, you have; and you know it. The LOrD M&YOR.-And now he has taken to thieving for the purpoe of supporting a second home. Wife.-I don't think he would do that, my Lord. The LOnD MAYOR.-Not do that ! a fellow who has acted as he has been proved to have done will do anything. I shall oommit him to prison with hard labour for three mnonths. Wife (sobbing).-Oh ! pray, my Lord, for my sake, don't do that. The LORD MAYoR.-It Is my duty to commit him, and I am only befriendingyou in doing so. You are very much better without such a man than with him. I pity you from my heart, and wish I could do comething for you. wife.-I wish you could, my Lord. If you could but give me a few shilings to enable me to get a morsel of food for my poor little child I should be so much obliged to you. We have nothing at all to eat. I have got excelent testimonials in my pocket, and if you could but get me a situation I should be truly grateful to you. The girl here went into hysterics, and was carried into an a nLnoRD roYom (to prisoner's wife).-I have looked at your testimonlals, and ams convinced of your respectability. Ahs you are totaUly without money, I shall order you 5s, from Wife.-I ami much obliged to your Lordship. I always loved my husband, and v d never have believed he would deceive me, even though an angel had told me so. BO STPEET.-lizabeth Ball wpA charged, on remand, vith obtaining a situation as Iaundrymaid in the service of Lady XaImesbury by means of a false character. er. Booper, solicitor to the Esrl oi Malmesbry, again attended on behalf of the Countess. He informed Mr. HENRY that her Ladyship had received a number of letters from persons in whose service the prisoner had been, and it appeared that she had always bome a good character for honesy and sobriety, but not being a tidy laundress shehad in each instance discharged on that ground. It was true that she had been In the service of the Hon. Mrs Arundel, and she had lost that situation from the same calse. Under these circumstances, and especially pa the rsoner wvas a married woman, with several children, and eng unable to write or read had no doubt been led into the commission of the offence. Lady ?almesbury, while leaving the matter entirely in his Worshlp's hands, would prefer to withdraw from the prosecution, if he would allow her. ~ ~ ~ i h wul Mr. HXERY had himself received letters to the same effect as those referred to by MEr. HTooper, and under all the circumstances was disposed to assent to the course proposed by her Ladysh-p hI td Inspector Wiher tated that he had found out the woman by hwom the letters were written. She was ill and confined to her bed-in fact, not expected to live. Her husband had left her.and she was now living with another man, as stated by the prisoner at the last examination, He bad no evidenoe to justify a charge against her. Mr. HrENY, after cautioning the prisoner as to her future conduct, ordered her to be discharged. WESTrsSTER.-Edward East, a briekli6er, living at 2, Durbam-terrace, Chelsea, was charged with a bratal assault upon his wife. The prisoner was committed for trial. CR Wx L.-James Dacey and Daniel Davls, about 18 years of age, well known to the police, were charged with entering the ouse, No. 14, Oxford-row, Islington, and stealng therein a quantity of plate and other articles. The prisoners between 12 and 1 o'clock in the day were reen to enter the parlour by getting into the windouw. An alarm was given by the mistress of the house, who saw one of toe prisoners purloning the plate, when the servadt, a oung woman named Sarah Trotman, followed and seized told of the prisoner Davis, who wben searched thadq in hi posession a siver snffer tray. They had x desparate trugle together, and the prisoner did alt he could to break away from the yom S woan'su hold, bu to no purpoe, f6r Pole-onstable 15Z N arrived,' and took the prisoner into custody. The other prisoner was in the course of the evening apprehended by Police-constablo Twist, 466 N, when he wAs at once identified by the servant. A great deal of the property was still missing. The prisone o pleaded "IGuilty," and hoped tliat they would be dealt leniently with. A policeman statd that one of the prisoners hid been *onmiittedat the essons for burglary, upon which * tir. CORnI= Bld he could noat deal with tho ca.se, andI hould therefore commit both prisoners for trial. * The sittig masgistrate reuested our reporter to acknow. ledge the receipt of a U1. note from " W." for the funds of the poorbox of thix court, the benevolent donor of which asked that its safe arrivral maight be noticed,in. this jo4irnal. SouT wAx-Johm Brooks, a respectable lookini mid. dle-aged mAn, having the appearaneo of a farmer, wAm chargedwithbeingonoerzao,dwitianother not irt custody in stealing six sovereigns from two yon.,g countryniqe, about to emigrte to Now Z6aand under the superinaten. denoe of the Canterlrnry Society Mr. Edwin appeared to prosecute on behalf of thsociety. JobnVickery,oneofthe onngmen, statedthatihehadj, comefromDevonbire fortlepurposeof proceedingtosve' Zealand as anagricultural servant, and on Wednesday aftr. noon lut he was trooeeding over London-bridge with another roung man, and jus as they got nelr the railway totmimus a respetable looking -muan came ut to them and iaid, "You are countrymeen like me." Witne£s sadd, "Ys we are. We came from Devonshire, and are ooinl t' emigate to Now Zealand. The man said he had 'ust come from Amnerica and bad brought home somp haci's and they should each have one if the came with hi t They proceeded along the Borough IntotIent-street; *here'they entered a publichoua and bid * pot of beer. While jthty were talking the prisdner came us and asked fora las ot ale, and, after joinirg in conversation, offered to givoh5. other man a bet. He ieid, "!Oh pio, you must giveily young friends one alst." The first man .sid'he ud ptovfded he knew they were rxee-table said-'h udom mtoney. , Witneas howed him 2. and lis comp, -showed buin 41. The. first uamn sid he was gIad t4-Aiw tht he wr svTeig on men, and, ast theyS eye goa toNewr d, hewroulLhadtheml06 towardcproYnptlng educatioa in the colony," and be polled ou#,tviyAa&'a peaed to' be a 10-.;W de Hethen said thahas ag giving It to a charity hei must eaystap& ac risure hLb coming beck' ie put some nts in4e priponee's hat. He wont eut- and retre tlin ei they had better go for the stmp, requestig vit djAa friend to leave th slx ove ins a security for k - - lug. ,They left their mouey,and went out with ;j14 man,ho took them ua en heap 'the and ad,Oef shdbteoback and.okg~ maoney letwtihsmn sbl a strau.gert,'~Te turned roond, e r an n i ana on returning to the pbilne eyouna th rio66 oe and all their mOney. Yet they sawr the prisone: near the LondonDcks an4 gvebim into custoi. In ' . esion were found seversy fhls notes aa padlock H y suchx swindlerm The urisoner pleaded " Guilty" to the charges, and was sentenodto six monthsi i ardnLahou for ac gether 12 months. * ,a
[Advertlement.]-The Nwe Christmas Book for I'reIcnts; mOrotO elegaint, 7e. In extra. cloth, e d orsap xr by poet.-", Proverbia and Aiomi Thonghts," s seie four seamps bxtr Chale Henry Hanger. " Thee eaYs are thoughtfuy careuliy aud ably writte, and I9 a manner at one attrmllve and plasing. Dubn ovenin eo July 1857. "The author of theta essays Is bitftedwithbig lnteUe uml slndmoral 5epirions. and his seatimenot are unexcept,ItoknXalIntheir dtooe."-Ltv oolCoreie, July 4 1857. Tho Cltyle Is ound andtrong. ct^ Isnervolu . Land eoncluoive, some. timescodventelnga rld of Thoeght I,i the JohnBanin"of well-turned esnteno e-ue3 a t4 ot " h1857 Otthe0ovso M'B r . F Tan ucpp 'Proverbial Phisopy' wllrel prloed w:h . H dmpleander's s4worz. The rsubjrts 0 well hosen andn tree4 do namlesteriy and t0ruy poetic h tyle."City Press, asept. 19. Londn, Jams. Comlh bu217, High Holboro, [Advert.lsment.-Xo61anes "tistory of indi.s"-o u9t published, I'ast L of an ffUsRatted blntory of th%t countr.3' from the earlist permed to the present time, by the author of the" War against Russla.C The Mlstratonfs will be engraved on steel eareolyl,- for the work, and wil cbmprise portaitta, views of phasea, and m%ps. Eersy exertion wi be mae to render ist a authentix and popul.r reord or all that Is important in the hit of British India. The work will be published In parts at Is., each sontasLning; two engravingsr end 40pae of text. It may saso be bad in diTvisoons at 6e., and wil form he camplets two handame royal octina volumes. t ou pon, James Virtue, City-road and Ivy-rlre. [AdvertIsement.a.b" The Life of John Banin," tb e Irish nove oist, anthor of Tales of the O'Hara, Family," c., by Ptro ickJ. Murray is now rexdrl bp i A sdmpleand straitforward =ntrra tireof i c ee. h uglejm and sorrows from his birht hideath,as Interestino a tale as t haI often been our pie,taure to prse."0 "The wtTo drktt Porssses o o the prima qualities of a hi- gapy; ItHl pbe resent. a suosinet accountof the caeer of iteaeabiect: it lurisbesloll means p o fju3 dbhging itof thecharactand early and later lifeof he emon"-Secttor Lonon,WiliamLay, King Williamf- [Advertisement].-Th Extraordinary Book in Extraordlar~Tlms,-.wekcaled"Debtor andOreditor,"." n,sancec in dye boomp,late,sendlufrom the presa in a popuelar form d by Air. Jaees Blecwoo,of~tesostr-ro, dmand spmalnotice. Nearly five thoa copis thaebeen soldInaew oday 7s. and Inthe presentore. :ercial crisis nothing an exered the Interestthrown over Lbs Various obaracters and exciingdncdent. so g'aphleahy oDortrayed in this volomne- ate surceof enoouragemeat to prudent traders andcore. inertial in-tegity, of hope to buooee In businerss ore az warninU o the reckless sod i,prole.dnt. or as sifting the machInatIons of delignting lawyems and the wreck of splendid fortunes it is invaluablo both for Instractionsand oplar reading. It lgnottoomnuch'oubLttogL tobenuthe handrolanmllonof readems htI eh fAdvertisement].-.The best Guide tD Investsrsnerte I Penn's Compendium of the Enlsh and FOreign Fundabs"tnbees thoroughly revised, corrected, ana~ broutght down to the present time Xt contains the debt. and rTevenues ox All ua'tione,bahns, rilwa%ys, mines, and all joint-stock compaies, and forms a complesO epitome 0! tee arious objsct.of investment and specalsitlon. fh,Lrpo Albion" declares Iitobe "without oompawe the uest cohe lersbok of fiancnial refermoen eer puWbised;"I and the Moj)g= t. It to be ' replete with interest to tle moneyed prtof the oo iaiv and an undoubted authority uponutbogubjects ofwhichbit treats.' Ii Is publlsbed by EffOghamn Wilson, Royal Excba.We, price 7e3.6d,,ore fre by` post for S3. (&fivertlemient~.]IndjgA, gratis-On Sunday neki eachL aOPp, Ot the "DisP11th" WMu be ecoompauled by aot arMtlalgl colouredMp of the Northemn portion oftheGnrlMpo'Lde To kevnt ee lsppontuentcosequent upon the onhrmols, gose of the "Dlpatcb, persona desirousn of ceseesirg theDlspaeth.C leered Atlas are 'Wormed bt hbtehdulthe nbwspaper be,&t qpes with whic aY partisular mnap ba been p1resented suob mnabnt4a Ali!&,"be obtaned withthe paer formy future week, The p,riSeof turd~ orning Order receied byoll frs o by,sdatth 60ffTh News agent. throughoutth h inekiodare orkqFla,
MO-YBY-MABK-ETandOITYI.N.TBLLIGBNoE. Wcdnesd6y Evening. The funds opened this morniug at a further re. action of an eighth, but, although some additional mercantile failures were announced, the market ultimately assumed a firm appearance. Caorso1s for money, which left off yesterday at 91 to j, were first quoted 90k to 91. They then ranged during the greater part of the day between 90i and 91i, and late In the afternoon they advanced to 91i to #, which was the final price. For the 8th of January the lst tansactions were at 92i, or 90g ex dividend. The arrival of the Orinoco West India steamer with about 300,0001., chiefly in silver, was a principal cause of the ultimate advance. There was a large sale of stock In the morning, and subsequently a purchase of about equal rnagnitude. Bank Stock left off at 216 to 218; Reduced, 90k to #; New Three per Cents,, 90k to #; India Stock, 217 to 220; India Bonds, S3s. to 25s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 4s. discount to par. In the Stock-Exchange money Was still in demand at 6 per cent. for short loans, and fully 9 per cent, from account to account. At the Bank of England also the applications were considerable. An unusually large business has been transated in foreign stocks, generally at former prices. Turklsh fluctuated during the day, and finally left off I per cent. higher than yesterday. Mexican were in demand from the announcement of the transmission of $12,000 towards the dividend fund, hopes being entertained that It is the precursor to larger wrivals. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated at 99j and J ; ditto, 1829 and 1839, 96k and 97k; ditto Four-and-a-Half perCents.,9 4; Buenos Ayres, 85; Chilian Six per Cents., 102k and 101I ; Danish Three per Cents., 83k and 84; Mexican, for the account, 19; Rusian Five per Cents., 106k and 105k; Sardinfan, 86i; Spanish NewDeferred, 2.5; ditto Certificates, 5i; Turkish Six per Cents., 91i; for the account, 91k, i, 92, 91g, and 92i; ditto Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 98X ; for the account, 99i and 99; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 96i. In the corn-market this morning there was no alteration from the ratea of Monday. The final quotations of the French Three per Cent. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. 30c. for money and 67f. 65c. for the new account at the end of the month, showing a recovery of nearly a quarter per cent. About 25,0001. of gold of various descriptions was taken to the Bank to-day. The suspension has been announced of Messrs. Mendes Da Costa and Co., an old established firm in the West India trade. Their lialilities are estimated at 350,0001., and the prospects of liquidation will be partly contingent upou the realization of produce and the collections from acceptances of other suspended houses. Annexed is the circular issued :- " 6, Finsbury-chambers, London-wall, Dec. 2 "It is with extreme regret we have to inform you that, in consequence of the large amount for which we are liable upon blls that we have discounted sard hold on various firms who have recently faUen, and also from the arnouncemeat of the fallure of some of our West India and other correspondents, we are compelled to suspend our pay. ments. " We have requested Messrs. J. E. Coleman and Co., the accountants, to place a statement of our affairs before you, and they have arranged so to do at a meeting to be convened on Tuesday, the 15th inst., at the Guildhall Coffee-house, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon punctuaUy, at which we have respectfully to request your attendance ; and in the meanw time we shall do all in our power to facilitate measures which we think desirable for the protoetion of the interests of our creditors, and are "Your obedient servants, " MENDES DA COSTA Am CO." The failure has been announced also of Messrs. Kieser and Co., a German mercantile house, with liabilities for aboub 50,0001. Their circular is as follows "22, BiUiter-atreet, Dec. 2. "It is with the deepest regret we have to inform you that, in consequence of the failare of our correspondents abroad, we are under the necessity of suspending payment. " We have placed our books in the hands of Mr. G. H. Jay, of Old Jewry-cbambers, who wiU prepare a statement of our affairs, which sha be submitted to our creditors on the earliest possible day. " Trusting to recelve in the interim your kind forbear. ance, "We are, Sir, your obedient servants, " KIESER AND CO." The hope that means might be found to enable Messrs. Carr, Josling, and Co., who stopped on the 24th ult. for about 300,0001., to resume has been disappointed. The firm have addressed the following communication to their creditors, and a petition has been filed for a private arrangement in the Court Of Bankruptcy. The house was largely connected with the trade with the north of Europe and the Mediterranean. It had been held in eateem for many years, and its fall will be regarded with great regret:- " 5, Laurence Pountney-place, London, Dec. 1. "It is with the utmost regret we have to inform you that our efforts for resuming payment have proved ineffectual. We have therefore requested Messrs. J. E. Coleman and Co., the accountants, to prepare a statement of our affairs and to have a meeting of our creditors convened at an early day. Requesting your forbearance, and assuring you of our utmaost efforts to realize aESets as speedily as possible for division, and to forward such other measures as may be most advantageous for the general interests of our creditors, "We are your obedient servants, " CARR, JOSLING, AND CO." The advices from Hamburg to-day indicate a degree of discredit such as perhaps has scarcely ever before been witnessed in any commercial city. All the efforts of the leading merchants, combined even with those of the Government, seem powerless to create the slightest revival of confidence. The -warehouses are choked with unsaleable produce, and, so far as instant availability is concerned, the acceptances even of respectable houses are treated as little better than blank paper. The lists of failures received to-day and yesterday are so long and so indiscriminate thatit isuseless topublish them. From the first it has been known that the consequences of the American convulsion would fall with far greater severity on Hamburg than on any other place, but the signs now presented show that conjointly with the inflated trade to New York a general speculative business in all kinds of imports must have been carried on to au unprecedented extent,and especially in connexion with Sweden and Norway. In the midst of this utter confusion the currency of Hamburg is sound, because, happily, it consists of specie. The break up of individual credit is not aggravated by any doubts as to the intrinsic value of the circulating medium. The scarcity of that circulating medium als compared with the amount of the liabilities which persons have promised to redeem with it is the inconvenience from which the indebted portion of the community are suffering but for that there is no remedy. If they have promisedto pav in silver, and have not got the silver, all the curreny doctors in the world could not teach them how to escape the acknowledgment that they are unable to meet their obligations. They might make a raid upon a neighbouring State to get a supply, or resolve to mix a certain percentage of spurious coins along .with the genuine, but there is no other expedient open, unless they have got goods which w i sell in foreign markets on sufficient terms to bring in the required relief. Meanwhi le toose who are lucky enough to hold silver after being compelled for many years past to pay inflated prices for flour, coffee, sugar, &c., can now get double the quantity of these articles they would otherwise have been able to obtain. The writers of the Birmingham school would doubtless think the position of the people of Hamburg might be much better at this moment if, instead of their currency consisting of silver, it were composed of promisoe to pay in silver without any silver at the back of them ; but the elasses to 'whom this currency belongs, as well a those who are entitled to have their contracts fulSlled, will consider the simple metal good enough. If the circulation had consisted of credit paper, all that could have been done would have been to issue more credit paper, and to force every claimant to take it as if it had been silver. Measures of this kind are still in the power of the Senate, if they think fit to adopt them; and therefore the existence of a metallic currency in no way cripples their modes of action. If they like to declare that, instead of demanding specie, every man who is entitled to receive it immediately shaU be content with a promize that it shall be handed to him at some more convenient time, the lawgivers can of course do so in the exercise of their sovereign functions. 'Up to the present moment they have pursued a moro honest course. They have not kept to the rigid plan of abstaining from aU interferencesuch a decision could never have been looked for on the continent, whatever might have been hoped with regard to England; but in adopting credit notes they have issued them as what they really are. They have not put them forth as the equivalent of specie, but merely as promissory notes bearing a sufficient rate of interest to induce persons to take them voluntarily. This issue they have limited to about 1,000,0001., but they can increase it to any extent they please. If, therefore, the Hamburg traders stiUl suffer, It cannot bo from the want of paper circulation. The Senate must certainly be deamed the best judges as to the point to which such advances can be safely carried. It is the want of credit-the want of a belief, in fact, that those who may make promises to pay will ever be in a condition to fulfil them, that is the irremediable eviL The Senate have no choice but to sacrifice the interests of the public by assuming the liabilities of the houses they thus distrust, or to allow the' consequences of the collapse which must fall somewhere to fall upon those by whom, eithor through reckless speculation or misplaced confidence, it has been occasioned. The following letter relates to the law of unlimited liability which is now applied to the trade of bankIng, and to no other trade whatever, although the natural principles that regulate one regulate all, and it can make no difference whether men are trusted with money or money's worth. The writer points out not only that all our colonial banks enjoy limited liability, but that the same is the case with the Bank of England, wthe Bank: of Ireland, the Bank of Scotland, and other similar establishments against which a breath of distrust ha never been directed. It is true that in the case of the colonial banks Government have so far meddled as to insist, with a view to protection, that the shareholders shaU be responsible to twice the amount of their subscriptions, but this is an exceptional absurdity which could never bear the teBt of general discussion. How can Government guarantee that double the amount of the original subscription will secure the public from loss ; and if they cannot make the matter certain, why should they undertake the responsibility of interfering with it at all? The simple thing contended for is the principle of freedom of contract. It Is the business of the Legislature to establish laws that shall compel men to fulfil such engagements as they may enter into, but to leave them to their own discretion as to the nature of those engagemenxts. If Smith, believing Brown to be an honest man, wishes to trust Brown with his money, on a mutual under standing that Brown wiU lnot pledge his private fortune for its safe custody, it is just as irrational for the Government to step in to prohibit such an arrangement as it would be for them to interfere against any other manifestation of confidence that Smith might deem expedient. Whynot also prohibit him from making foolish loans, from buying Mexican or Spanish bonds, and, in fact, from doing anything with his cash except under the exercise of paternal care ? Any one would suppose from the argaments of those who advocate the continental system of State control that if the people were allowed the freedom of entering into contracts of limited liabilty they would have no power of avoiding such contracts if they did not like them. But the enjoyment of the liberty to trist a limited bank, if they choose to do so, would not prevent tbem from insisting upon unlimited liability if they preferred it, or upon any modified form of liability theymight deem better. If the field were left clear, the unfettered sagacity of the public would soon lead them to the safest course. Those who deserved confidence would gat it, and although any body of persons that might like to bid for banking business, by recklessly holding out the temptation of their unlimited liability, would stil have the power to do so, it is probable the co nmunity would in many instances select to deal with concerns managed and owned exclusively by persons who would enter into no such speculative commitment, and who, knowing that they could get credit onlyby the nature of their transactions, would simply stake a certain sum, together with their character and experience, as a security that they would act for the benefit of all to the best of their ability. In some cases the unlimited guarantee of the directors and manager might be deemed an advantage, in others a liability on the part of the shareholders to double or treble the amount of the paid-up capital; but, whatever might be the plans that would prove most efficacious in inspiring confidence, they ought to be left free in each instance for the public choice, and not to be put upon us as Parliamentary leading strings:- " Dec. 1. " Sir,-I am glad to see in your city article of to-day the reference to the principle of unlimited liability in jointstock banks. "It has always astonished me to see how the British mind refuses to perceive aotual faots in preference to speculative arguments. " All, I believe, of our colonial banks are limited as to the liabilty of their shareholders. An Englishman is much the sme being in Sydney and Toronto as he is in London. We might reasonably suppose, then, that what succeeds in this respect out in those places would not fail in England, even h d it never been attempted. Bat, unless I mistake, the Bank of England, the Bank of Ireland, the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and tho British Linen Company are chartered--that is, limited bank, and they are certainly not the weakest in the kingdom. But these banks being limited have relatively to theirliabilities large paidup capitals and pay comparatively small dividends. A large (uncalled up) capital in your sharsholderse pockets is a good thing; in your own pocket I think it a better. " The single instance of the Royal British Bank would prove that the unlimited principle deters rich men from joining joint-stock banks as shareholders, and when any have so joined sends them and their property away just when the creditors want them. "I am, Sir, yours obediently, The precise amount of specie to be shipped for the East by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Indus on the 4th is 408,9611., of which 358,6561. is for India and Ceylon, and 50,3051. for China and bhe Straits. Nearly the whole is silver, the gold being 4,4001. only. Thetotal includes 250,0001. on account of the East India Company. At a meeting of bondholders of the New York and Erie Railway to-day a full report was presented by the committee lately appointed for the purpose, and itwas resolved thatthecommittee shouldberequested to receive subscriptions for the proposed new loan, and to communicate with the directors in New York with a view to such arrangements as may be considered requisite for the general protection of their interests. The following, on the linen trade during the past month and the probable influence of the American and continental diSiculties on ita future prospects, is from a circular of Messrs. D. Dewar, Son, and Sons:- " It cannot be expected that in the midst of commeroial disaster the linen trade should wholly escape. Nor kms It done so; bat thoae engaged in It are only novw beginm -te feel the effects, and it is much to be feared thWg the worst hu yet to come. The panic, it Is true, Is over in the States, and our 4st advlces give us reason to believe that matters are in a far better an healthier condition; bnt, as it must be obvious to all that It wi11 bea long time before b1ieiness can be resumed on that extended scale which it had recently attained, the exerclse of extreme caution becomes absolutely neoessary. To speculate upon an immediato return of prospe. rity woa d berashiandeed. The linen trade is widely extended, and from various countries throughout Europe where it finds a large market the criss is now beginning to be felt with much foroe. It is not only in our American exports, then, that a further faling off may be expected, for it is impossible to say to what extent the present state of things may react upon us from every country with -which we are connected. Ia France every precaution has been taken to prevent any serious consequences. It is, unfortunately, trae that, owing to tho prohibThve daties imposed on linen raanufactures in that country, our trade with it,s not very great- bat any great commercial dissters occurring in it would Lave a powerful effect in other parts of Europe. In Hamburg, too, every effort Is being made by the leading houses to render such aid as may be required' by those who are suffering or are likely to saffer. Thus it wilU be seen that attention is wholly engrossed with present and impending difficalties, and the best method of meetng and getting rid of them, future operations bning scarcely thought of. A s regards our home trade the numerous failures which have taken place, together with the closing of so manY bans, could not but hve a powerful effect. At the present moment it may be said to be completely stagnant. Busnes. can be done only at a great sacrifice, and mannfacturers find it absolutely necessary to shorten their production. In many places steps have already been taken for this purpose; whle in others, to meet the prewuae, wages have been reduced, though full work has been continued. Through these measures the oondition of the working classes during the coming winter irlll be one of great hardship." The amnexed on the leather trade is from Messrs Streatfeild, Laurence, and Mortimore:- - " The demand for most descriptions of leather has been less animated throughout the past month, which may be chiefly attributed to the disturbed state of the moneymarket. Supplies of fresh goods have increased, and, some tanners being desirous to press sales, quotations for mnost articles havo declined, notwithstanding the large Government contracts which have been recently taken, and the certainty that dealers throughout the kingdom hold but small stocks. It may therefore be reasonably assumed that with an improvement in monetary affairs the tone of the maarket would soon be restored. The necessity which now exits for keeping up a large army, both in India and at home, must cause a great and continued consumption of leather; indeed, already the principal boot and shoe manufacturers have orders which cannot be completed for several months, and many are unwilling to enter into fresh contracts from inability to execute them. There are also large orders out for artillery harness, accoutrements, &c." The following on the wine trade is from Mesrsa. iUghtly and Simon:- "F or several consecutive years we have had to announce deficient and inferior vintages throughout France and Germany. It is this year our pleasing duty to communicate intell gence of a more cheering nature ; for, although in some of the French vineyards the crop is again veryshort- owing, In the Bordelais, for instance, to the reappearance of the oidium, and in the South to violent baslatorms and inundations--we may yet, we think, oharacterize this as a memorable year not only from the excellent quality of its produce, but u6o from the marked decline of the vine disease. Nevertheless, while the crop throughout Prance is by no means abundantk a very considerable demand has to be met-fir-t, in France itself (where successive bad yields slnce 1851 have reduced stocks m the hands of growers and the trade to a scale unprecedentedly low); secondly, in the different foreign markets - and further, in this country, where the consumption of irench wines is decidedly on the Increase." The Spirit of the Age has arrived from China with 865,9001T. of tea. A petition in bankruptcy was opened to-day against Mesars. Charles Frederick and E. Schlesinger, merchants, of Basiughall-street. The liabilities of the fizm are said to be large, the recent period of its formation being taken into account. Let' DiMaries for 1858 have just been Dublished, and contain, as usual, a mass of well arran;ged information for the mercantile and general community.
TRB BXTBNSION OF THE SUBMARINB TBLEGRAPH TO MALTA. We have been favoured with the following account of the incidents that occurred in laying down the fmbmarine telegraph to Malta:- "Malta, Nov. 23. You know by our telegrams of the 17th and 18th that We have obtained another success in the extension of submarine telegraphs, and Malta is now brought into telegraphic communication with England. "The Elba met with very severe weather on her paesge from the Mersey, and having had a portion of her bulwarks stove in, and two boats carried away, sho was obliged to remain at Gibraltar three days to refit. She arrived at Cagliari on the 10th of November, where she had been very anxiously expected for about a week. "We, with our Assistant-Engineer, Mr. F. C. Webb, had been there a week, daily expecting her arrival, having gone out vid Marseilles. Her Majesty's ship Desperate, Captain G. W. Watson, R,N., comrmander, had also been waiting at Cagliari from the beginning of the month, this vessel ha ing been liberally grunted by the Government to afford assistance in the ope. ration of laying don the cables. While waiting the arrival of the Elba Captain Watson availed himself of the delay for taking a line of soundings on the oourse to be followed. He ascertained the greatest depth to be about 1,025 fathoms for an extent of 45 miles. "Seveial days snorowere required at Cagliari for prepara. tion previous to starting on the hazardous operation-of paying out the cable. All hands were busily occupied till Saturday, -the 14th, in this duty, in which valuable assist. ance was rendered by the active and inteligent officers of the Desperate and tbeir men. Every facility for getting through the work, in arranging the offices, and in completing the land line was afforded by the authorities of Sardinia and Mr. Consul Craig, all of whom evinced a deep interest in the undertaking. The Liverpool Steam Tug Company's steamer Blazer, sent out by us for the purpose of towing, &c., brought Newall and Webb from MarseUles. "On the afternoon of the 13th, in a perfect calm, the vesseLs of the expedition were all anchored off Cape St. Elias, about a querter of a mile from shore, the Elba rather closer in; and the end of the cable was safely landed raady for starting at daylight next morning. "During the night the weather changed and became squaUy, with frequent showers, accompanied by much thunder aud lightning, and, indeed, the appearances were so unfavourable that it was decided to defer the starting. "By evening of the 14th of November the weatber again calmed; the barometer was high and steady, asd at 9 p.m. the expedition got under way, the Desserane leading, and t*e Blazer having the Elba in two. During the night the weather was very calm, but a heavy swell from the eastward was soon felt, and in passing Cape Carbonara (the south-east point of Sardinia) this increased so much as to show that there had been strong winds blowing outside, whlch had not bean felt in theell sheltered Bay of Cagliarl. "The sweLl being right abeam caused the vessel to roLl heavily, but the line was paid out without difficulty. On the morning of the 15th the clouds began to appear on the east horizon and the wind to blow heavily from the south. "By n o'clock this had increased almost to a gale, and the vessel rolled still more heavily, each sea washing right across her deckrs, and It was found necessary in order to steady her to hoist foro and aft sails. Add to this violent squalls with thunder and lightning close over our heads, and you may conceive the anxiety of our situation. Under these circumstances the operation of paying out the cable became extremely hazardous on account of the difficulty of standing to the break and passing freely from place to place. By the arrangement of tbe cone and rings the cable wound steadily off the coil on to the break wheel, and the speed of the v fesel being maintained at about 4.j knots an hour the operation of the break In regulating the speed of paying out was very satisfactory. At the height of the gale the wind veered round to the south-east, and the vesse, being now much lightened, roled less and rose weU to the wave. During the gale wo were passing over the deepest water, extending a distance of 45 miles. The whole of this timo cabins and berths (deok) were washed through, and cooldng was out of the question. However, all were too anxious about the cable to think of such small inconveniences. About the very height of the gale the Desperate holsted the signal 'Tbe barometer indicates fine weather,' and shortly after, in trutht the wind began to abate, and by evening it had quite fallen, and, though for some time tno searain very high, we were entirely relieved from our From this time al wvent smoothly, the weather continuing fine up to the last. On Monday, the 16th, at dayliRht, we sighted Maritimo far to the northward, and soon after the coast of Sicily; at sunset we were off Pantellaria. On Tuesday morning Gozo was in sight, and in the afternoon the Admiralty brig Hearty came out to welcome us, with Mr. Andrews, the supenntendent of the Mediter. ranean Extension Telegraph Company, on board tO suggest an alteration in the landing-place. For the purpose of deciding this NewaU went on ooard the Desperate to reconnoitre, having previously arranged signals for the Elba to steer by, and her speed was reduced as much as possible. In consequence of the change we did not come to an anchorage tiU about 9 o'clock, instead of doing so before dark, as we had calculated on. The distance from shore was about three-quarters of a mile, and the operation of landlng the end inthe dark wassomewhat tedious, it being necessary to examine and mark out the course carefuUy. About 4 o'clock the end of the cable was landed, amid the cheers of our men and the sailors, who appeared as wel Pleased as ourselves with the sucoessful termination of our labours. - During the voyage a constant communication was kept up with Cagliari, and the cable was tested every quarter of an hour. It was also immediately on landing tested, and the insulation asoertained to be very good. Messrs. Leffier and Viechelman, in the employment of Messrs. Siemans and HaIske, of Berlin, by whom the beautiful instruments supplied to us were constructed, have made a series of electrical experiments which we believe will be entren-ely valuable for future operations. !jnese gentlemen also conducted the working of the instruments during the whole voyage, and go on with us to Corfu. "Since our arrival we have been engaged in completing the land line, for which the assistance of a party of Sappers and Miners has been kindly granted by Colonel Crawley, R. E. In the meantime a temporary offico is established in one of tho militaryhut at St. George'aBay, wherethe cable islanded. "We can scarely express the lively sense of gratitude wo entertaln towards the Governor, Sir W. Reid, Admiral Lord Lyons, and General Sir Jobn Pennefather, for the kind manner in which they have aided us by thefr authority in all we have kad to do to get through our work. "The Gregald has been blowing with great violence sinoo Friday morning (21st inst.), but has now abAted, and we 1e tblQ* ior Cork to-morrew morning,"
SALES BY AUICTION. At the Mart, To-Morrow. 342ESSRS. NORtTO°N,^'t HOGArTndTRIST beg to informn tho blbilc, that tho PROP1R'IES advurtl,ed for S&LB at tho Mzart To-morrow, at IS, wIl be offered hn the follow. InZ order, viz: 1. Ireralonary Intereat In one-eighth share of MoSey In the Funds, and other proferties. 2. Hears. The Manor ot Rlokmansworth, Lw., hu four ltet. Old Broad-s treet. 300 volumes of Booms. 20 GaIllery lrames, one 8 feet by 5 feet, Drawing Instrmnnente. and Mlsceljane-ue Property. . THOMAS will SELL by AUTION, at iT hi Gallery 35. TALelcester squame. T SEVENINO (Thr5dayl December 3, at 6, iO3 RI5, printe, paintings cared a other frames, jewelwery. wearing apparel, boots and shoes, an4 mipee o.aneous property. On view, ndu catalogues had at the rooms. A Vartet? Of choioe Engravings aud Otl Patuinge-To Prlntseter Carvers and GlIders, and othero. RJONTOZER will SELL by AUCTION, at 13 Creed-lane, Ludeate-bill, on Friday, Do 4, at 12, a STOCK of ENGIBAVIhGS (eome framed). and a choice oolleotlon ot Oil Paintlngs by eminent artists, by order of the Proprietor, leaving Englaud. (n view. Catalogues had of the auctioneer. BY ordor of thbe lizh Bailif of the Westminslter County Oourt. MBR. SCHOFIELZD will SELL by AUCTION, at *Vncentqua tro Westminster, T rIS DAY STOCK o' a COurrier, consisting of droesedt hides, *bout 40 deoze o bootiroats, &o.: household furniture, comprising maho¢san Arabian bedsteads, wardrobea, chests of drawers. asrbsaiuds, dressing tables &c., rsofas rouches, setsgof chaira, eaay ditto, ch5nmey-giasses, anl other Fffects. tay bo viewed. Seonre smailt Leseheig Investmen t, IO pay a high rate of interesec, 4 Ra. WHIYTTLE will SELJL by AUCTION, at the AYJ Lon an Key.Losrlyton,on Moday,Decemaber 7. et 2for 3, as HvOUSE andd CHA?IDL[,ZEWS SHt5oDt3}IOP. winttahywat ootthae adjointig, in CJambridge-rod, Marirhoupee-ommen, Walthamatowr. 10 minutes' walk from Leabridge Station. -Berm 80o years. let as £t22; ground rent £e6 17e.-far aiat, without reserve.. Perticulars at the ploae ot sale and of the auctionear, 46, Old-street, EC., where the leare can be seeon: This DurayCIY.'-ePsnew orYSaeIW of waell-made moden Househiold duntue sueir6-ctv otg lanoforte, Lincn, China, GleOs and Effects, also tbo Stock o Ternery Goods, Brushes, Lathes, rc., without reserve. Xn W. VOLLINGSWORTE will SELL bv AUC- kvTIOW, on tho P neis. 145 venohureastroes cits, TRmIS DAY, atal-w,modern OUSEmOLD FURNI4tlURE, incuODng a drawing room soiis, capital perlour fittings, bedt chamber furniture, prtntea nsine, glass, kofmhen Itemas re., and also the capbtal atock of turnr7b goods,bdng,d ewacretsverso pdanksM of Idrly lrowoed antd biraand to. merou effect. Catlsogues ready.-Auction Mart and ohartebs, wn High Holbern. Nodern Furniture and Efofcts, removed from n aret-road. Finchdty. R. GEODAV1S and VIGERS wSill SEbLL bA M T1 ON. aBt5 N, without reserve, at Mesrsa. Norman's Roome , Lit e Britain, to-morrow, December 4, at 12, HOUSEHDOLrD mtJNItaRed consisting of maogans abian and other bedaisabd, feather beds and bedding, sheets of drawlers, mrble-top faheands and fattinv, toiet ga3sse. BruAelEs and Kiddermineter caypets, he rthrgs, wotndow curtainas mahoganY diutg and loo tables, chiumes vtl3see, mahogany obhira, couch. mahgany chaffndter, 8kay diat, fendera ofr kitchen requitsitM , o. view be ied on the morning of sala. Catalogues to be had at the roomsn of Messrs. Loed and ulote, eolieltors, 26, a Mlk-street; and at the auctisners' of aoes, Frederick-place, Ola No. 21, Old Bon0.eirost.-tuerior Furniture, Pianooforte, and ±fectt removed from Che.teectquar, ho MESSRSEO. GOUX DSMIITlA will SELL by ACIC- _-a t thot Rthe Rooms, 21. Old Bond-atreet, ona Tueeda, Dec. 8, at 11 for 12, ISCELLANEOUSt FURNITURE, taro manuem ctured by Giliow,r m Aratbni mahoInty and laanned brdeach bedstand Irol n ditto, oapitg bediding and utesl coamber w urnu ture, ro5ewood, andm. hogany centre tables, soedhdittoe easy and other ch iras centre ott man,, handsome aenwty,ood comloe, forming writing table o nnd por foD'ost and GtGD1ow)vvatnut-trse d evenport, teapoy, four mahota'sy open bookcases lGUloe'i, 13 ft. 0 dining tables with dea, tote, mahogany cheadr, ahimned laedes, Brudebads and Trurey carpetn lsute of silko damask grndo.r curtaines, 6coctve piccolo pianofortes, refrielreaor and effeoss. Meay be viewed the day Prior, and catalogues had at the rooms, and at tbe ori'ace of toe ancatioeer. 3, hondtreeot Belgravercua:o, and 24, Begrave-rourd, hylmUco, H.WA ExcollenteodernFuritu.e, Pilnofortes bv the beet makers, Chimney Gles, Painting, Eagro' ngsc z hnla, Glabd , Docorattve Objec, and n Pmereus Emacts. t TIJrESSR;S. OXREN HAM will SELDL by AUCTION5 Lt at their Rooms, No. p 5a5 Osford-street, near tae Pantheon. Tomeorrow, at 11 for 12 puncftuays, ths e exw enttetnoern FUBlteitL HEe comprising Arabian. 4-poet, and secondabry bedtead and haulgiees with bedding coonpleten wa ed agnd plain wardrobes, drawerse, washstauds, dresting tablee, dlrces, fo., watnut tree, rosewood. and mahogar chairs,soas,ouehesdand easy ohairs for the drmalingroom, dining room, and llbrasy, 1oo, card occasional, and olber tables pedestalanad eneloe sidebnsods booaeee. chum'ney glasnm , euftes of curtains, Grand, cabtnet, cottage, and ntccolo pianorortse, a noble harmontum hyAlerandre as rar4 Bruselst and other carpets, cheff,sneers, china, glaxss, pointines, engravings, small etoe?k of Ironmongery, and numerous useul and ornamental misclwaniesa May bo viewed o0u Thursday aud moriteb of sole, and oataTogues had. hteoteob-stroet Beigro sve quare, by prv io TTAnMo of Abdridepi, at theRewoeltorl . i3t. Martiu'eaceon on Wednesday, the 9th daY of December, 1'257, t 2 o'clock precielay, bY direction of the yovr g agOe useder power of sale, xJEBYekjiblsituate and ve.luable lontg Lese-ue area hold otmies, upron which fo3r000 has beel 7ala out wthin the lst three years in permanent repairs, additions, aad Improvements. Tire premides censist of a deirable dwelling hours, replete with every modern convenience, stablig and looee boxes for 35 horses, ride with gloss roof and coverewd soace for carriages, veterinary force and rooms o er, countieghoure andhsaruee u room. The whole admwirably adaptd lor bneuiness, and itudto et htutcomntbireet, oelmrnt-equare. The vetesina2y forge is let off on tere, at Lie per annum, for a terrs of t22 years from 3dichaslmrs, 1305. Tho vholseof the premises are held under lease, at £110 per annum, for a, termu of 6Sf years, less 10 daysd, from December 25, 1;35i Mfay be viewed; and nx-a ticulars and coudttiona ot sale Obtainedl of R1 1H. Pearpotot, Re'q., solicitor, 6, Half-moon-street, Picc3dil7y: and at Aldridge?s, St. Mlarti'sa-Isno,- ECast tGreenwtch-Thamsna Cement Wvorka.-Tha Vslnah'e0 Lse of thoae eligiby sItuatet premises knownz as Mvess, Reid and Co ', Cemenut MauuSactosy. 1W1Jf J, J. CLEM?eANTS has received i7ntructions AYJ s. to submit by public COhMP4TLTIOIf at Garraway's Coffeehoa7se, Change-alley, dorohill, on t'uesday December R, at 12 by order of the Mortgage lauoleea previously rilsosedt of by rivate sonIraot), the' lEArSEof the ahorefextenave PREIbSlBE3,~ situte ia Elackwall-lans, Eastt Orrenwich.on the bankrs ofthe hames, adjoining Messrs. Gtlas anliot andt Co.'s Telegraph Wire Workgs. They cover an area. of abouit fiveacres, wilh foreman3's dwrelling-house, offlesas and stables thereon, abutting the Thamest, with a w7harf oe a3bout f4 feet frontage; bese tit o'splous and const«at euappy of water from the Thames, sffiient for anymauniacurer. The steams poer andt machinery Is estimatedto h ronuco abont ga1 true of cement weoltX-. Thwee psomtsuie re helta t £250 per year, for 21 yea's Ties Nortggesg plant andt m3chhneryl SJ per Inventory, is to be taten beiths 7purcihasr at a fai valuation mn the usalw'rt V,or be uinclded tnthe onrchraeoney', with the lease may be agreed at the time od sale Part of the archase neoney may remain on mortgget ssovtded bhe DrOpe terms ass aoccepted. The premies mabe viewed, and paticuQ1 ad 0 7Mr. Th!onaWeajal, solicitor, Sooth-square, Gtraysin at (arrrawy and aA tbese ol be @t3Qa HOlJXf1-sgw,l intboij a7 On Thuklrsa. Decmbwrlt.TeOU,at th le.. K dward Der, taq. ,,fseeed., laia at his #les~ Redeimas, Monet 5WU ~~~~~HLT,at hix Roo*4 vitae187 boWed 185144; 11 demms Raits, jage 18 4. bote 14?sae 3m dwnofSA peIcels t RZoc'. ~jTln e INt7. 1836. d otlle3 182 ITIthom 's W85. ja s 11i pans TKile wInceax atow 'ng u"ltheeiaet th Beldock% all on tattast htieo e Jeee 39.4 ah)cnb otie 1Ir 2~BERT RBID. WIl SELL, at G=&rWay o ny.Deo meslO0.at-iS3 for 1, PRIV=~ lstrO6%tsgmnrent) to respectabletenants, at renta pmt f 43 U. prnnum, May be viewed by permimion of the ftenant. Particulars 7ayt had at VAsraway's and of Mr.Rfobect RhId, 48 Great Kalboraug.4teek On Thursday, Decmbe abXOb-me-tet yd"etcm.ssagre. -ATA.hl Iveset,uoiG £66 Due pe anum. MR.ROBRT EIDwil BLL, at Garaays LV.On Thursday, fla.10 t o 1a cnamlbgSoPlad ex-tty beeefoPIVc&eRIDNC,w talng, baein . 8, -1 bys pger ano,f dhl or5yes ~ sn ofi £6lE. aLPernem eybvie b t s Gren at 93 paloogeir ar o bcerofthe Mortg.afee. c whrda eembe 10,ae ton-road,near Decemberd-ga, let t o r. 0. H.PAEine,) R( maE, TY£3 oopsexcellme ntbdnhewdo tre manor oft wack ano agee WiVte waliug oMg o. 0. lerenellVev, k o y.a Magnben fora ametoA onat =he tenant. Pt IcOLarayer haduf and hel fr awayes; andx atii *8 gelbe k-strofeet. Ca Gwmwa's, ud o Mr.Robert. Reid, 48. Great Mloog-t fitbeiatf£7ls rani o or 34 yeabo orts. B. C) ERT ~ ~ at mTway'x, frCequatoaremolbetrugbeltdfn a O pe8anum %nZmW1&edM Gasrawa's shedre of Mr. Rberft eId. 48. GreatMlborag-sres MR. ROBERT REID will SELl,, at Garrway's, byodr fte iThu,o husa, eebrsda, ate12ber 19, Ssllsbusy-courNo, 38leet-street, ~ a dear rental of £153per annum, and atldenro GetMrhROng.BEet.'t u On L.Thurday, atceIbsrfth lOt,-Ga DsAn4aneAnIvsment e ,qual toRoctold, be ewBrmpoinghdfo1.0yes gnexdiredpatr aomper corn,the Oropedtyan oD Mrtarnxaardeley wmodecea fose amoddt fail. ROBERit RsE IDfl wsislld gSELsTh atimted mrawat aTWeIs form TWOese term' aneird DwRLJIeGS groun.d ren9. Lay. stdal-treet atmo nb hd n the one o otil-ret ras waynn.an,lt atsrents auomoetn to furnituer annt an v eldtU for bSie vieexwed. dat cal may he had of Joh W. atnall, Req, solicito 5. We Blbtekq.atre ; , Gndarsqar;wt eraws ; and ofM.RbnRd 4Ix. GktberlboreId 45,reat, OneThrsdoary,Dcbeth 10e.-ulamrdon.to Konidea ir Vsiainesmet r ccpaio ROETREID wil SELL at Garwa 'a on csdy,ec.lOetl fonrT, a1EAB;~OLber 1,tJfo VILL, i, Vltoea-grve,New EREV ompo,I odrepsing co.vW. nlenlyarran thenn coutanty apl aommondletxIondfo a modserate famly,an ie~ktarfUll dipaye gracdcu retheo siated annualre valueIs 50guIneS, tmunepie 10;E00 yeas,etoud rent 1 £3 . Imbtb medite peseelon andb Lha, andty,o the purcas may at hisutiomn purchs th urnthre a voluantheron. May revewed.oPary icuar Gerrways; nd o MraRoer t yeId, 4 nt. ona balsoostrvivin On Thursdy. Dr tiler sumh.oI Eakuc.00 ea EdwaOed BandRvrinrLiea Itrest, andtaboolutuezcthrcoons 9o3Money I by aode of the7 Asgusee. Non Thbre ay Decetbe 10,k Autes r2e. oeIh-estredet, oplr nteountyI o, agidd7 ewse, and aloI onesevanth garde~ln, Ndo. 1, laofadotleages, in theariho BantelCU1nMAthe cout MfSrey, letonl-eraswer atnd rlaents olfdt£4 Gan 2. inn&qaspectvolof A trick bouns, O, effecte 11tig432, nwIthth bVfIctoriat;ift Gsaurraoes andLanCpn,ontele of MraoetRl,1 Greatlemas noow nghisttdreare ihtebnte.hro.Tereeccayll inted wof the barnitrup, a-edta4veGar,entPganorteon haisnuriingsa hisRwife, aged w6U avs, i n the smo ,tOTrePerCent.sBan Mnnites; sndm Mo 'IeretonSttinson toe Oxore-seventheo £2nd6 iolcd, bampots, Randway, on tE.6d,e Dheoember Cent ank Annuqrites re-o cseivabl on southdese of th ladymaed o8 Ioea, andl lso mo oe-revent NTiRs, on medecease o a drntimnage 03D yers. I Prtwoouland amaber ha ft tabsert caroer. 12khai, and Peorakeuoiios, 1ooa, Grareal,nwrhnall-tret atGabeliraryetab'eband ofmr oet Rwingd, 4oGreet Marl-%ke and wellk mad6roae Furaniture tavGrnPinoforte,FWonm Paintings, han dinnerotlVon,o Brlieler Water-coearawings, andoz fidarts. r!- oa . ROETREDwll tal nca arsaShE L,wit on the mhgn reoures post cralle,ad DoredaeHousteadsonexomilefrot Blokeydn, and dyeto milestafrom aetnd itatl deas on thbeOxford, WoteDAster dandwole delse!, on sacon oaf the number onf lrots, well-ae mde Fdo. rd NIIroes and npreastn a drawUoin rom lee psuieIn gs, aew-ood adrambe sil taare Cfsof. 1 cair, ad otomse,Orelondas, card,worte, and anc tabes,librry ablehansmewined Osahoguerwith pbete glas bck,a 4-odve ran pinofrteby Mornetordn;er hand-o b dinR .sgn iROBcERT cREts, weatlls SELLfndr a ndh IRoons.. oa reailtbean chairs, paro shnag' hweredswthe to antle,maben reovrpST,OCaban and ParSisiGnedstad, &oftexellen bedig, manhis-to ahtanldsg tanlsd hatng,drsing taMble, bled srtorlme,ch-t,of daters, robes nd pressoes,n ofliectond ef clev.repa ntins wiate-olour drawings, adinner d my and te erie,u las,kten: requisItesosan stteffteas Ray e vewe onThusdayp cedng heralen.Ctao"gule ay bnd Robert Reid, 43, Great Marlborough-sooltreeorg A,efined urintl Monay, Dec.lc,7 14.-No. 1,7,Jenetet, -hrtBr. 4Ceme -The Watcabes Plteck of droznmse of Potoherryld-k.tblshd Cand wEllkeSnRm. ofDEB s ENH nnigo andRSon, who SO etrNgwU BR ROBa terT REos,YIDggtwi. ll ELL rre at is Rooms Dee,s, at 1 fo IPrAA ewelyeacrny, Wtcheoetnsv and valuableefwLo Gierma sooilverpware:, blendldteaurs, lare asormnto ctlr, n eludIng150 doen wfBooks,nle knive,t0ret o dih-oves,pi ketlesstI Of atems being Romare, astaove, oenng WedeasdayDlleme an p9esrvin pans5,11 fish k-ette,aceans bolrandRNdH mould., apa nne tinvandiront war of evrym3 decition, paight vsery sudInPerior oinlciten caabeof ho ldinag te00ugatlons,00 Pin Boota and braclArLeitoolhefrgen shoe lxture, and ~.hereffects.MabevwdonSury,pcedin andmornig ofsale.Cataogues oeayberhad atth 12remLOOO GlWAUTchesNPlthe,6 doemansn nlae of Pot Thry OYS,an Chmsi-. panstuens, sc. On view.aW ,sdctlgu 2 nteDeb MjESSRS. DEBEHW SOR and SOTHEW willstuce iLby., ath Ttheirstoosni, King-UtreeN. Covent-arde g HI 1)AY Wfodso. 3,at PAerr Jeesiry,d Watches,undy ialuabl efecbr1,ts.eO uPxiecoods AppRelUR, splendid2Crohmeeshoand Deoelhior Shawls,Scrf Bruaselsacs PWPrua fewIlbook,nnruentad. CaanmiclDg nesoushProf MhE SStleRS. 12EBsoEgHAte SithoRutn SNl To L a teidr Booms, S kins. M n-aden omro,Dc me' tIs,a fWolor cabietroos.,Taolo antdsopr gisesad fec M IIVtc. N atL hyACINa is Rooms,a bv,o ensa,Dcme 9, aoT 11.d10,1rDcLAM 1CA and1 FRNC t VE.-eO-i i Coveien cas s fWrHosm, 16t 111 panirstechind npiecgil N7o.141 Adoerekh Wtne-anrdt-10 pairls BootsadSo,Letran lIAR. SAMLB JOH SONwLLbYSELL by TU ,UI PON ot hisro Rooms,atL2fo onen tesd Deembner ath nT12,NGL6 parboweas,, togethew, tand Ch-idtren'deOT,and SaOe9 ltofouretratemak aunditualty and Iecn. quantites suitable f.orunthe tradea sins ipes, an ortte, scoions calfokid, Wandk-othrk Garstaice, Ctaogue LugtLoToydelatershTirJohn AlVENING, at?,at NSo.k of.Chinarles. IntruentswholeO vif ahfter i, aodeatrone, bud e0n te reisessm h an it eautoer,12 sbpgaswtot lfR. LOUND will SELL by AUCTION, upon MVJ the Premises, No. 22. Ludgate-etreet, On Wedne8day, Dec I.s and following day, at 12, by diretion of the Etxeeutoms in lots suitable to the trade and private itucruasers, tile well-selected STOCK, of the best maunuacture . comprising every varlety of dinner, doezset, brosefee, ad ca erice, ichy ut ecntes,wine and other glasses chadelirm Houateboldeetu stunde, tw ei-fotdihes elegntforeach or. lap,Chamber wrare, chlosandanmrdEngr Items Maybtiuewe tnobl days gnd Cuhtindslicetrs, 23.to £4.pae, osiborm f~6b an ofthe aucineeIr.ro efforts, removed from Upper Holloway. MESSRS. BULLOCK wvil SELL, at their great i,Rooms. 211. 31Igh flolborm, on Satordy next. HOUSEHOLD TUHNITUFX including waLlnut and rosewood drawingt room coDuches and chailynsw, inU nehtvlvet,g gpe cand atbes. Oak library rBo uokdm cbeffoaert,n pwith l vered glas bckand doors,arge.glasoores, enarpeis, waender cand fe-irona,ro and cother bestad andrc breddng,chfamste of bdrwer,madrblet roomwashetads dressnuy3gtabips an gass,etnd.'MSin dinnertabs, Pleo%nrd ehns ancient carvedoakt ookealeto pedeta ball stov3e, andhvcrletof iein;luadnmrusefulefunishng oque XVy Order of the the Wa.-nehldaFrnture N o. Qf a suetree,tor dharac- audmneer ne,onluin mosprbo carvedoak) library 12kes, ahbURilIaTUand poerfu toonedr E9ocnv otaelegn P iebly orto wanuat-woti hadoedrawinggroomslte of wait, onprundt.-areos e oands Br.%Usses Cnaidpbets, Prand chbinati onffone ofltou nd skeh ltetoC(loolc a d mwr brl oc. eve,rihcnal bervUiestplt chineyglagsand umro n% effet, removd fruwlscmwopgiva niesdecus.afproofj beinig by rvde ofln thed Sherif. sLoVJ.n AotbON, tatbtes Wavpoeboneed No69, (uen-Dttrgee twaofdorse IfuRNITmWurE,&, cmrsealg and um sd rwIchiytsmseedwanucle6 o0jm drawIng robomn suite fhigrso,1lounger and bed ohimbe cairs, tvanWbl ,dian poetwooa emI.Gsea£ cite a) im a Dois 'a R~3SB.UM =TE wte.dre to- SELL bY W.y. WM! TCff,eW m teMsm1wia )etme I- MAfu d Wdieog tt a Dr.bedie lsassd AU75 cIa, bxra, Oi5 5L4NIII Voes,a n W Matnn fleeces PIIW Dootera 301ord Vanalit Allreo May be viW*d two days rtor,an and Of MOSUL. Poste. K IVA-iMAILi TIN at the.Gloy,6 alsa] HfD~ eebr8 a~1~ee~s~ avery oe GOLEO lON ofWAI5E-OOwu ILL W. Au1t . Gr . LA Twoiinootlflawigs yTwof hEis ugitime, o ~4A Iddet cee ,v,j b ipeclmseg Hntt; Aonadu dfawings by0.atterrunle, Vople ili, Want: a ratidwoek byGreLahce two charmngeaplofi. UYClODOM 5ndYre1deeeTylr.jo a Crely eetde oo napoftjofu ~ Enl o a,WIt a d~ieeo h Oamooaeeignx, ei7 n iefollwc,cga = A1an0 lS? at their 2 - street, by rder oftetaesfh.TssBOYs N ~ ~ ~ ~~eietmodern artists, among OUMS, n fwhih arode Oiant sudin intererting su at rWai ome Boto Grss Lnrr'Saenctuabry, oroer' other, Caalogus ofthe wale ale orw erderousseep os eigh Bi8OITBG EP, atther Edms,221,r Pteet-se. R L~~~~~~~~~o England,th .LAwoyrk,b both seeee bon w ol,amera-foi,th hl of the remaining copes Taeblonable Stock ot a Eloater and Otte,Uuep~Jriee and Effea%s removed from 175. Strand, PIESRS SIILLfANandSPEWCE will SELL M W A~~~h~'~~ ~~z uighi Holbovn. TJDS DAYIThraay) Deemer , a 1, 5~.Satin, and Woollen SCARiS, neo ,ehiehs,ad Estbate, kWid, lorh ianothe lvs Mae abiAUTIO ralat wraper clot, ohnig Tosand tceher piece1 foodr alotehouseol funiz ro the rerahed y aeldesc frlpl incpludingm a ot tag Fiarofoate rarnd mtatex ;libs ablesd. Mayd be iewed, aenviewa. Plrgleulhad atndh omdtons; of the had oln teeproms,4 B helyad Teart. ibnsuwion.mqu oe.loes4.hold abtate Telgile-bwr o.c.uaIno net 17niclE Wina an SPILAt~ anale. ENCEWi-ots~ll Se~rLL InL bodAnCdO batle ther oltd nTfda,Dcme t1 o a,iiolt, the captal BEIHOE S)Buotaa~ HriculdAs aWide aond Otitaon for at had on thepeie a h ofMss atleerrne, Fandlies, olicTorad. and oarem-tetada RII . PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, AYJ.at the Mart, opstHe th.Y Dec. of Xnll?,dth spror SPOOK. Ie. RatDE; cholmpreisng ver fine Portsa and rris in Tughed aines qarter-edackin beaong somei of lo theogonet avoritrns and qurcshisped bysaudemior, Fouaantd Hberris,. Fof tncetes Morueete, Thomsonarnd Coetbrn and Hiendes, coic Chapangn, Clamagnet,branden, Prt whie andtled Cance, fine oldris5 dO1 brany,0 colost Hmoldy' pole b8ando, 10 ychsinpbottl0e, tno. amle:60ottlesmapuherhad. T rewneoandspirit tastedptog,aye pirtuo thesle. Cdat-anldogus ay a texartpporgo2 dohe auctioneBer,2 , oltry. *Wpn;ldrfiel3biy Hi de.-asupWince Wen Sbirrts for _ holice gold.T Eolerrye4epdr. ditto Go Stsaipamen, 4ail0 s the Trade hampnd0 dothr.Cr%S doz. PETE rany "RA BmleDtleSELLyb by on pIyOeNt Mlay the) art otpsit thoe sa of E ucinglerd ton Fasridar toc 11,. Catalo,aum choie seleti ron f thigh-clasioner and SPIMrIf.Thwie sueirPoetsoanSherrie, ofpMartnens,ose',Hroys C R.cnJ.s sad dsTdena'shpig Chamagne bry AUCTON te botle wiT.,t, onw'ldr veryTchoicEoLd boyt AU deTION, ahippisng, Rom A10 satterlt Coldnt oet, ConkTursda' A! him er teSTROSCt. ayOc'shlpln 24 don~~~' 5~epae, uies oehrwt h to ti Wtl etry heToao Sherry amw ony's shppng The iDdogds oldrishery Sto doo. tupe iornal Bteremoop6 an hoicem glIotd hery Goodmog dittor J.ullircsa 40othrolburatedy Atstillan Asoea lltmberdofBunerusavs; stcr.% hetonpshyebanDD-,aV. Sampl bottle may hexhedlont opayoetu. Maiy he thested atndt ofvaersn of thactoneeigtfordy preior Crftocale. Ctaloges hat the Mrt. or 0. StheTsaulnr 38, Poultry.CMtgadn Philoropislteof Apprts and Misclmanes. M R~ . .. STWAD ENS E will S 3ELL by AUC-INa TV IsONeatA Room S, tm1, Od ovdentxet, Te A.Yrn, Dec. ~ of very superior achr osbmatic icosoam, machins and pparats. clxmiecla lathe by Duck, tooshiey amroo engavigs.picure, Idia chna e's shllt iedfrtAls, hins and Mmirigotllanes. ay beoviebedonheda lor, n aaeushd under a bf SterescofitSwle MIR. G.0. RICEAEDSwil SELL by AUCTION, on itboi Gueist oms 38 Cingstreet.a CoeTH garden, Don.3 atuesa DeU 8,aT bal-as c2mpreisel pnshmbgy, theSPEEOSn,I STOCKn other agety AuctheioonnBos 9 Streocpic Company. Thlenpitue Homprsehl thoseofte onon ]FtureosoI Compaan.d Cblliott Goodman,t, Werne SMierm, en thefrcebrtd alortite Tomro.Dceanmber of ater2ocs0coas otands,chotogrphicUaparatus to.,Nffordin an exellent puartu wan-pts. aydAbx beviwdsta hd onfodyprcn rwmorningofsle,to end cathlowue,ohausddreplir. blSe%es 38. lrng1atret, novlemnt-garden W.. o orare o rcipWoS stmpedAL davedreted e beyp lIAR, DWAr.DHLUry wkbarn toBELL by AUCT.O ijLTION,at the gRoomsee1 Old)Bmond-streeon Tues day, Deo, dimesios ofSO n,tbi60 eend te oTher1000in bTO;DI hoa Dre all In hansomelydesiond gcared and gbit fr-arose of seizordmagnufe tMr andbethe quality,ar and inal oepduthedfr Pine dIniGO sod( draingrem or6- saloon reurinaceletmros. v1.tayble rsltewe, tionoffcs,67,Onoern -xcause, Mr-oe iy oIr, (*EO . BRICHKRS wil SELL by AUCTION, R JJonthe PremiEchnes, SCreomu-pe, To-mSrDAY, DaDmer. 2 at 12, PAUTTNGTUR, cohomprisin Sancienthn mhogdym Aobioli mrnand othker bedmsteads,gows.eatleribeds IndbheddnorhofRagstsod and whicha andt dressing goameet mabe-itopg wambstndls atndoreng taci ilbles.forunde carperta s sodrues rofe suthe Coofwenghmtcars, cuh a aycar D. Table,s OobrriooeT.he.fOooer, wihplt LAss bekadpaiy large chmeygamrs foeVnde, ir Iros,dinngram chis inmorco NOguRa on t lhe peire Aleadnodter-m 'uFuno.4 Dalbbone,A place W. Bt .Mei at ohe CVyauction Troom, 39 Gecswrc-inet.MEoelen nuehr enay Offbice Furitue,o Cotageux andCaie Poiangotfortes,4 c,ta logao. asaoHNve. lSLL saoe i h ag ackneyroom, an theufrst loo, Do-arow Decmbr siat1, 12,at of cHelStent RUSEinTaeofI PURBack sma Vatrin Maker. one joupr-postandAaboub1 loads o crhesta.l ofdawer, marbl-topfr andls oa ther1 washstand. sod oakeliqeorabloe, toiltgwss noble chimey bAnd, piergambeo,Uinig bowtaber sk,bookcase and w secetie,dnng-qsrccam hairs mwlle,. stexandsboer-eus sofas drawip"ng-boa suies,lamor, ydrdo and pianfort, G-oclvee by lle, hads detabne thelntoots, Ipo iy ful~~~~~~~~viu effects abeeetedaprvosadorigosle, mayd entalogues had at the roams.et Shropebire.-By Air. JENKINS, at the Lion Hotel, Bhrewsbur, on Saturday, Dec.12, at 4 In the aifternoon, in one lot, subject to coouditonsx to he then produced, Tb'HE Haston EaUtet, comprising a deesirblo comn. J utfreeold farm and residence, In the townships of Barton and Itadnall, in the parish of Aliddie, In the oounty of Salap, oontalntag 272. 3r. 37P. of rich arable, meadow and pasture laud. The above estate ir stusre Ina highl respecta'leneighbourhood sod ad. jains the Hardiwirke Grange demesne of the Right Hon, the 4ri,roun, Sil. In addition to ltaie InereeioR bygoad road, the estate abuts on the Crews and Shnrewabury Railway maow in oonrs of construction) at Hadnoil Station, and is distant sIx miles onl froM Shreasbuy and Wem. The hous eand buildings are eoocmodlons, and poseses every necesrer agricultural oonvenlence. There awe aim three oDtlatee on the esftote. The land lies well together, Is Of undoubted fertility, inL a hlgh state of oeltivation, and under n apporoed system of husbandry. The whole of the premime ace In the occupation of Mr. G Boge an tern a ppu le tenant, at the yearly rent of £450, undierr a tenancny frmyear to peer, which will terminate at Labdy-day next. The paroehial ruit are low. Particulars, with llth pbod plans attached may be ad at tho principal inns Iu the neighbourood; tteofo of Macrn, Nlcbc)l,jiornett, end Newman, solicitors,; at3 thre ofaets London; heroi, Ferrer, Ourry. and Farr 1o8ctr.6, LCsre a'afro mn-talts a tnd M,essrs, Salter and Bandie somlicitors, Ellesmrre Usaida-hitl---No. 11, Cltugrin-Egatmodern Furniture, in- cluding a choice Drawing Room Suite int handsome wslnutwood. covered In oostly Indian Silk, Suites of rich Silk and Damask Wlndow~ Curtains, Parisian Mantel Clocks, brillint-toned Cottage PiaDoforte* fine valkiable Gallery Painting 1' The Wise Men's Offeringo~ date 1626, by Ill Domintro Grws%, tpaid and scholar- of Titian)', coblb Cbimney-gla.ses, Group, of Wax Flowers larxe Trkey ard Brussels CreSoad Rugs, and various EMK%te W. EDGLEY has been favoured with instrun. avj. tions from an Officer, having an appointment, to SELL bP'AUC. TION7, on the Premiges, an Wednesday, December 18, st 11, vithout reserve the wholeofttbewell-mrnufactured neart-nw ROtSRsgOr, P M f-:oomprlstilng Omaony, Iron, %aTn%sndor,o% Arablah, Prnebh and other bedricods and hangings teSaoned bedding, winged wardrobes chests ot drswe Utalt talsuill,asres, marble. top wash-stands and fittings undo =erbed rooan appendages; richly cerved walnut. loo, card occasional, and other tablesl, elegant cbeffonkier,ichly gilt sceen, wo beanutfulosettee; set of tslx abioeechaIgs tw o ig challr, and pair Of floot ottomans covered In Vltli amber IndaniWlt,- and window draperes enusite - dining and breebtast room furniture In mahogany. fonelating of nAble Spanleh mahogany -~~~~*-A L-0. UM.z farW ;4:o w Nic,. OHHI& WiLU SlLL b_y AUCTIQN, %ttb Mae%.OMTtIma2ap D 4 . t' bWllt,a2d ycd3. ttineatI ol0S,eo t * 84egaAat, JoFt'.r4g8 4 3etf4XQt*MZV~ P(E. MOOSR wit BEL t traed or of as ma Ur.Jrbot Ra kortre So4nw i Prft, rft B°ly letre O Li'ot, mehp.teaod b ee t 'WM reLL ACAU ONI, At the £4; vendosr DDUin rate4, ClOet Pet&ad*p,lio., and athe s oe' REV'. IONIo-thd&.aeaiawd 3.py COmreIl-oad- aI-ootoeI Dwloubgjoj mwre wes Burgez J~atue,oe OOocuotiose. W O BrOEtOw Annul SELL AM AUCTaOeN,a :21.I 0John3oAbI. eyNureeey,the DW ha)LINO HoU8h Nwo. 7 bee l1et,ie RlpeElogvSMju 8blder a D £2.femye T*4eM;o96tb oY £od PAWeieodayror eeael, snkod , Eros vmoued MEtep SieF, 3ait the whaoelt the a!lctoeneesa one Mlree.aluo oa d n 0rout-, Be BeOmPLIStou and Mr O,eld sol0re 1(D@ M iA l Swhweg and at theusay eo,.1° o,tl;B U1;; 5' _dfa th<e a wee the nn O an tho dethofa o lad 8 BE U-IttltiL IIUTUV, i oEtii8 fonuraro renrtal£2 rna ao" Leaekoids 05t, Dtoalearogc8l of theb"y one,,,, itn gentn ob8tx'.otl oMtt BuhA T,werneatbeGR wtt dmeseed thp, a reli,o-a. rcuied rt old to, boUo. niessllle; the whole, 23 thes ditbte inu Plnss H5 a rid aY e ollottor De Mlt T o ka A i,3aoI them Mat; nrd aten aorotploes' omerr, rdgh2 d-7n sohd, 3. jL Th B OBegOAUg StaAt .To. t mw he omZw t Da en To Coamlll Merhant hr ad otrs ESSlDS. EVLlrER SFIELD and HORNEwe in-ta 0btere at Mr.T Peee. WaClbr BalvesOTTIOiont oDeoemb* ereou 7, at 12, TXle DLW3tEg deeed open. taTR h ordernd cof tas hreat othenpremshes, sod Lbco of oeillb mac-se-ec or at the Coal ercange.ooesee Idruabld 'rlsne, brabion, Pino 1l'o Iron lTa he,C ha the p MoeSSS PRICEcto Seelm engme K wt 15 EL byi ovrm Or j bJR HiottoN(, b w3ht SELL,n agtsa hidr,eotser 5, AUe CTIN d t Pthr Hir,oom D JthHl H forge flt f be4an aorrogw, 1o5. 4.at Itkfor 1t2esnas, foled trde, itd s auiL Ineollentooaefychrs, ffoIldne tomsoatiw a qter ank, tdohght oegrotalcea Mrho andltc Proa by u tuadteor, Hmd bored t aobgir omt duraows, htt le Rowrse pgmor,o ooNce gmarvm, t an odf e, bute cit. * Lop in th. ESSlIEnt. shAi4MONDsg, May EILOAboT will 6bEI' t"eDobebrt 3. ae 12 foatl, lc ntopemb usha 1 l rUh htes,aOtIogu atoomsh their O *era BooOs. aon rstWood for the eth D-Ioms, dulinbe } . ot Ur reoke apets o..d excellent cea beldtngr;i andae,d good kuitehen. J nTolit tnoswesB Mr aedn, lh'e saobe GEVERlO. SFIELD eadk l I exRSAE wote t&k- M ED10iLhRaOI 21E. yAOPIOdBoadn ftTHe1SDizAys,lie,an at In alueene Fte ewi a expiringhaoldm b sh, theg trtate artt e a atd h oth risn- t vein, ba ck, e S Boatheloret DeoerIpthne 5,e50 fetA Taofbe, mabler cmny pa,rshg dhot,n boNnte.pS ovbei billge, atfoer band six mnUle ar d wofd a sahe actlessW 40* ParUames-aOmD Wcsie, eorUa otthoJetae s tateobon ofmrle wOPDer Capil de andg Ibtide *ndr u, w aots Wraydts by ebwadtwood,y Plar, Jsudeltlo,y e abidtans Mnabrldge-Trelle ABRand by thXe oran }hU deea Deember 8 a A lhneau rof m raUva dt-a inoae finoWjh 8rde ofthe doz tort oa a7 le deea a SU ott's. la t.roet OfhSSRSgtl4. P8CE ndlA77 ozeLA ad ro psbUonr Cozet , Pn de Stet;ens Tozac* fbrm -M It A od, and ot eaMnorl thSfel. maogavy and Ir 1ualen c se bed oldng, Wsnd Mlsn et dtho gold utuan sar H atchesL, Peteu ban liege sat wbit BhctUoneer. Johnllesia, be pla pe,o day b beoed tet paymrento and thont toe toA bs ctaed durand, Draings,abdmeA tarts teoo otf 5a4 Ctlogues mlaybe hadawmt et arcorm% ; w & te oft3tndof % W*. t'RAee. Twlweill taidlke .JJJ. plac ato lilar Bo oing 21, OdBnd-stret3m, THIS DAY, 51 r. at 1 precisely, and will tb d puncimel ha, the undr- I= artiste and Othersto-e n odste a mt hlr t'd Zr,Fanto De,vay W.s Boah, London nt Barrlenttmd Dokeehl lawttre Tayltne 6oriv DoddinSt Dell l awdrben wiVa HhSIb Bromley U H-, ag. t Met cMIZsle Thes, d Stoker,ll!} Ho8E bIteG mthojis Wanake in rU>EtUrU:ena 8tabuss tn a OCootaver WiLolrtets iOoroe . bitn~~0 *n Breoll-d-,ab Inr o wrabu,jln urss, adnk Broo m otrewy doneso brobinsCo WIrgasI .t vsd oroamdeut3bl.tmetJ 6bcoks hqWt o Urofneew vFhef o n Eadrbe vide wed tw to a ioadtalogues had. torta everdether t ch-n3 rd,8 ot, woceeYiuthout herKth SABRAHS. aids BOWect SEL by the UCwn l b, LO A UCtIO, at the 6oon ,,el. hccd-reet, Ca c TeesPi%he mm1 vintages an 18oo 78 dzen thd lgold. Soseue,Cozen's,doene dito tLeon'a, T4 oze' nd p go's b andr I8o Oan aive, dozenlas,ando HSt. Jlsevlaetn Thew whole oft a bond haew bzen lqerem ooedg A- a from the elr fargentema, arem pefcly' genine and therry.tola bhanda audpnegeeil b eguaranteefiby%a th. aetloheer uctioierV mtBaysea the day prir oeding ot saiment and.iao the1ine may b0ges tGaeteddurlng masn and'at the ticonme oft, sal. CaaooSmay bFhaLaLtERoos an d atSE tieoxre-iolrgcedsetioeer TwiceTrsehe t n, Lb Aidee.UEO,i oLTE D Offmber3 sllnt, 12-ltbet or-mooNEY Candelier, PtiniTss, orIts th SON,I ad uldr ZandHAbeRD INGt t h nro will BE w-b walk and December t3.aet,1 perundtaly, lUHTUE ncludi nga rn obe makrab, aor-ot, andiO Booch besteao, Inmhogan aoe nd 0Iron,a boodr beddirtng,4-feet andwinged wagrbe withdn leatbe-gr banmd marble-o wahsnd, ciclrx.mthest pof rtaws' torle tables and tools,stea bolud keerUof diin btabO ies, mahodatny chairsoad conohebocs InUreh wooD,aS. dittomor, byfCollad bards Cowldn walut,a gpictur, two inht cwarls dexuamentittyn and doe= attm6 ande bonrs eviw th or Irsnelg, tW d brcatalorks had. m1 inoiulu a OlaoneT efSale Tofb iwe the reaII gnun Sttoc o lcint-cIan ioreign) IIIrESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by inUhe. 0£LLTeOme, GshatwealleY Corfhn= o,dCoang-le Morndayl DaonmD. DA1, Dc3.at 12 for I 1,Wo pWciPes; Includinr 21ts thoesll~ vry aespe. ablePort, hold t otl,andfcebrtd sophIppErs,t2adoen situaein. Sheray.louprish ote otwoplherry.d I sthe dozentyo vuzexymaud drkividInoele thofres kdowxnioa Ine PIntus,t1Sdonen,asubady Linmey Arojncomse,rledngen sparodng Hock,d sevene dozaen, fiChapges bIns dbon.a feodoze p lggenrie, cageordals,hou.". also, earom the C arIea, of es bles i gtaryrealie wood clos thep trudte. aln eoeentDg, Tcewmne The- gotuat at the t autioneerst oors inthe domay onIor, Ma r.in of sle anpdrtime sale r.Catdogin At Thorre,and's; ad Aut frThe autmbIdnewel'oie, SeT. mi ew Saw 1mills LMadouileay,T tuldWsaandhu Sttothrs.tth 1aJdESSR. FULLE Bandho thOeY areouth cd' L2.lan-labo the Trs oSL yACmteOr Dotn tofthe THISe Da benDeemer,at 12 the. SA.line ot and isTC i n oDTempaDtiof thic Aw-tles Brand Buildersi salsmn,tuate antepalho Mxfedthe cornerof Wllo-- dueal aawaint frMeaby7pr,talarge-iedrpotonosaw bech Ruby te sme baoiler AbyHrton,11 bSgteves.hafig igge&rms anoldrus lether bando,a fMame ad. Lircular sds,smTh'rVs porbleX fre,anvil andelad, steam glue kettlroe,1bene s, a i cer,e gtronetos,aaeold cords, inblokunty ofals Iromaxongeini, neold 2 boards tow cart oonsptionofM, teorlghe pontg stbagres,peitwre, itmats and forcned part,oice ulrscnditure, ant sthe, eaucts Dioa bed aiewe orther pnfremtisex It be oatinerdI motiop lctorton WedesdaypCreviousoadctmoanindo sale, bu, aSoaiclause on the. olealse rinn tiesd asLeo y ud oon;a the Roylrentis he sale willx heohelg, Iunbrthe ClUbaomso the Horns Rotearc TubriodseyheStuar. GatejgLewg.e mayd hadon te;udo thor &Lat te orn:our o sdwtos, Frantlet'Bze-bolang;ad 14Borogh nosers atle and HftMeljs FCouenty norduem HoueehMrd WuILLurII fiaLNEt,oe at octweaway ii, at 12 ~ fort1ocokpesely,d lofofe lts,. h olwigEtts MESalSRbl FrNEehS and Bopyhl Estte SEtuat by A3. the pNe of otheirgreadt Inothe Woonter-fSsteext and drivoide lulthe farm EcowonINat6 the tiehrlurt,Sne, and ELmne oarn,, conrandg EFhot Tur bo gad3 oul cotagies, ofice, barsmns, srtabe, lodges, panedes lareosalb-hoeMs, alo,an neairlyo340 A aclireas.o sable geolars,reood,and hodland,wtrdgbexcteenglyomdract. Tjhe grader portidn o. the,%mIs IsInthe bokccupationo Mir.o Henry Hopefrto. and M.EwicA hotrpe, and Ismbdkestanfroman Tunebrldgetwble, seven iLfESSES. JONES arid BONHAM will SELL, st- A their, Gallery, To-moroow evening, ati6rcsely, about -0 fne- No,L77,> Ove trom N7ewtout ei oIG_2Vn , hansol eln fmedL,ing b rnly from rs n bov I.andseer, Mac Tue, andterelde a te at whol imtporan onrroW, and catalogues,of Mresct{, r ooms, Letoter-s lrot i ret e-ure.ts, Singing ot noble lhadempe et F?fe Ho.u I7 RHoen stret;A Impoertalt turiar oAnhghelas D Pmecture pterarpuot zremoe fironewhnustie-upeon-( 6ol.30t vi oew,e a ond athrda),es ot Mrand G macr at 1,erj- an ;ran otber oCrpetO ot stitery choioe POoINChlm,srtrelvet fnd omawl.- know colecor t Iwoste dieasbeaogs; amofng-tothedrs PasLe- Sh3oOrbsP. WONuv ronzes. SIgig eeenOhs, Oeri; Iadteapend Pooures sou ine oooepeimngo st"e f-oullowing and othr sere mates, aSf m alasquecabosTerooreWdin moroonts ideboIard DuJiar loolergemVad iegwir-ldte J.M.W,doror At. Coypt ac, fl vew and cataloguesofMr. Ga ,1ela at l othe Galer77y, asaboe,n Orb-A Arab= andta u-vot Be of ade h casno edmiueadblfec4 consisting of oletChe7y-l Daeed,g Teblve t la DPirendineBOnzt,Dreet-en Chemo7nr 7fmT rawing MR, 3 aS will SEIL7 by A 7T1(If, t " "5L lkms,60, Bt Pthu h7sid,THIS D4y (Th ga^§xb nottn7r gt 157an uaebhe ot eleg .t HoSS Suits coeredIn atn. ZVr-moulo lok nd nsrng ots a drx*lte ia, Spanishto ahg co ed winh otrreo table b o Dinin a. rzmoibri,scdgtorhlyontoX batblan t-7 ab7i4!at3 Dbe b ot ,Fioeninobrnzs u7d Dredenbu& olwe &Ud ft"bVes 7J Two ioble'WardobeswItelae-gab TdooepLs Mr Ihtat terbryr Araianand FopotBdsedswt elan Bedes, marble-no'ol Wahaandis, elegant Chevalrebsosi plblsob v Drawers, ed fecw Od Effin in eny o,reoverid InomIRty.tr iuS$29gothd eew Mtwo dbkt1 r -NW adi t-maoedow at t n. se eant hots;* lopian s,boes, an IrbD aen stosls, bub and e, o r Do
