-NONRY-MARBKB/1and OITYINTBLLIGBRNOB. Monday Evening. The fUnds this morning again opened without alteration, and remained stagnant until the middle of the day, when upon a report that the Foreignoffice had received the expected Indian de3patchew, And that they were unfavourable, several sales 'were effected, and a fall took place of J per cent. The publication of the news in the third edition of fSe Timesdispelled theapprehenslon thus awakened, and the market recovered to nearly its former point, closing, with a steady appearance. It was soon seen that the intelligence is entirely of that negative character which has all along been admitted as the best we could hope for until the arrival of troops from England, and that there was reason for especial congratulation at this being the case in the present instance, since the interval embraced comprises the nine days of the Mohurrum festival, which began on the 22d and terminated on the 31st of August. There is also cause for satisfaction at the army before Delhi having maintained its ground until reinforcements were at hand, as the accounts by the previous mail had pointedly referred to the possibility of a temporary withdrawal being found necessary. The fact that General Havelock has still continued his triumphs, although he has again been obliged to wait for reinforcements before finally pushing on to Lucknow, seems as satisfactory as could have been expected even by the most sanguine, looking at the slender band with which he started ; and, lastly, the suppression of the mutiny among the Bomnbay troops at Kolapore, the result of which at the previous dates was uncertain, is another circumstance to inspire confidence. It is also to be remarked that the present telegraphic despatch is the first received since the outbreak that lhas not announced some distressing massacre. On the whole, therefore, it may be considered the least unfavourable of any that have yet arrived. The death of Gholab Singh, 'Who lately performed good service in handing over for execution several hundred of the Sealcote mutineers, will' e felt as a loss, but the necessity for disarming the Bombay troops at Nusseerabad, near the Bengal frontier, and the cavalry regiment at Madras which had refused to proceed to Calcutta, seems to be the only statement that' can be considered of a seriously adverse nature. Further information, however, may be received at any hour, as the intelligence by the Calcutta steamer has still to be received. Consols for money were first quoted 90 to J. From this they declined to 891, but the last transactions were at 90 for money, and 90i to i for the 14th of October. India Stock left off at 209 to 211; India Bonds, 24s. to 17s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 10s. to 5s. discount. In the Stock-Exchange the rste for loans on Government securities remains at 5 to 56 per cent. In the discount-market and at the Bank the demand is very active. The foreign stock-market has been quiet, but prices show a downward tendency. Business continues to be limited chiefly to small immediate purchmes and sales, and no speculative transactious have taken place. Granada New Active were negotiated at 21; Mexican, 2l1, J. 21 and j; Peruvian Four-and-a-lIalf per Cents., 7`8; Russian Fourand-a-Half per Cents., 98t; Spanish, 401 ; Turkish Six per Cents., 94& and 95; and the Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 99 and J. The final quotationa of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 68f. for money, and 67f. 85o. for the end of the montb, showing in the latter case a decline of three-eighths per cent. At Paris and most of the other continental cities, with the exception of Amsterdam, the exchanges present a very firm appearance. About 8,u0O1. of gold was sold to the Bank today. The True Briton has arrived from Melbourne with 61,893 ounces of gold and 30,400 sovereigns, and the Nourmahal, from Sydney, with 3,3?4 ounce of gold and 26,000 sovereigns, valued in aU at 317,3uS8. The Asia, from New York, has also brought 11,0001. The commercial advices from New York to-day all express confidence in the approaching subsidence of the panic, but the rates for money and the magnitude of the failures taking place were still such as to forbid the expectation of a sudden rebound. The liabilities of the manufacturing firm of Messrs. Allen of Providence, lihode Island, which had just stopped, are stated at 400,0001. Conant, Dodge, and Co., hardware importers; Neemith and Co., warehousemen, and several others who are included in the list, were also houses of good standing. On the Stock-Exchange the fluctuations had been comparatively moderate, and the tendency 'was towards recovery. Erie Bailway was quoted 20i; Peading, 4Si; New l'ork Central, 71i ; Panama, 83; Michigan Southern, 18i; and I)linois Central, 94#. About a month or two back alusion was made in The Times to the discreditable gambling facilities afforded on the New York s_xchange by the brokers allowing transactions to be made for any date, however distant. A resolution has now been adopted limiting the period in all cases of time bargains to C0 days. Some of the speculative brokers, however, were anxious to defeat this salutary provision, and bad advertised that they would continu-e to transact business on the old principle. The inext arrival from -New York will be the Arago on Thursday. The Hull letters to-day mention the failure of Messrs. Taylor and Bright, an old established firm in the corn trade. The event is consequent on the recent stoppage of the bank of Harrison aud Watson, and it is alleged that Mr. Bright is indebted on his own account 90,0001. to that establishment. The trade reports from the manufacturing towns for the past week are without any feature of interest. The Manchester market has been inactive, at a slight reduction, equal to that in cotton, but the tone is not unfavourable. At Birmingham the prices of iron are very firm, without any prospect, howvever, of an advanice being attempted. At Nottingham the demand for both hosiery and lace has been dull, and in the woollen districts there has also been a tendency to flatness, although, owing to stocks being moderate, quotations are steadily maintained. The money panic in America bas temporarily affected the orders from that country for our various articles of manufacture. The general business of the port of London during the past week has shown diminished activity. The total of ships reported inward was 198, being a decrease of 96 from the previous week. The numrber cleared outward was 124, including 19 in ballast, being also a decrease of four. Subjoined is a further note with reference to the Customs' arrangements in connexion with the continental traffic:- 'o Sir,-in imy letter of to-day thero is an error, which is ot some importance, as it relates to the point upon which the whole question turns. *In the last paragraph but one the question is asked, 'Why should not the baggage be examined after 4 p.m. as well as before that hour ' It should be, f Why cannot the baggage be examined before 4 p.m. as well as after that bour T The existing limpediment is, not the examination taking place after 4 p.m., for that is now regularly done throughout the night and up to any hour in the morning, but to any such examination taking place, as a rule, between the hours of 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. " I now enclose you a copy of the time-table which has been prepared by the South-Eastern Company for the month of October, and by which you will perceive that baggage can be registered by 15 trains only during the whole month. For example, from Friday, the 2d of October, to Thursday, the 8th, no baggage can be registered through from Paris to London; and, again, between Friday, the 16th, and Zlonday, the 26th of October, just 10 days, baggage can be registered only on one occasion. And all this because the t6idal trains on every other occasion will arrive before 4 p.m., when, according to the compaun's account, the bag. gage willnot be examined at London-bridge by the Customs, and therefore the registering system cannot be carried out with benefit to the publio. I am, Sir, your obedlent servant. " OBSERVER." The Crest of the Wave has arrived om Foocbow-foo with S93,6001b. of tea. The half-yearly dividend on the Turkith Six per Cent. loan is advertised to be paid by Mesrs. Palmer, Mackillop, Dent, and Co.
I RAIL WAY AND MINING BflABES. Monday Evening. The railway-market has fluctuated during the day in sympathy with the funds, and at one period a general decliue had taken place, but after official bours there was a partial recovery. Great Northern closed firm at tbe late advance. Canadian shares were heavy, Grand Trunk receding 1.; New Brunswick and Canada and East Indian were also lower. In French shares au improvement occurred in Eastern of France, Northern, and Southerm of France; Dutch Rhenish slightly declined. In American, Illinois Central shares improved; New York and Erie, however, showed some weakness. The transactions in mines have been unimportant, the only variation of consequence being a reduction in Wheal Basset; Alfred Consols also slightly receded. In joint-stock banks a reduction occurred in Ottoman Bank. In miscellaneous securities there was a fall of 11. in Canada Land. ORDIN&nY SHARES AND STOCKS.
TRADE iUEPORT. Monday Evening. TALLOw.-The market is very quiet; 58s. is the ne&rest Price ix all Positions. Annexed are tho ParticuAx of stooks ancl nriceg a .R5l4aALa KOH. THJZ Wri 2MQL s SoathAmerica 106 - Austral. . - othet pl .. .. .. .. . 7 - TrOtal *2.2855 With regard to the general state of the trade Messrs Colchester and Woolner report:-The tallow-market has been inactive throughout the past 'week, and prices in all positions rather ox) the deoline. Y. C. was more freely offered on the spot, the trade buying but sparingly for this month's delivery; but little business has been done, and it would appear tbat the account was now pretty well settled, it being difficult to get any premium on the price for Ootober delivery. The latest telegraph from St. Petersburg quotes the prico 180 roubles. The shipments are 54,000 casks. To-day the market is flat at 58s. 6d. for Y. C. on the spot; 58s. accepted for the month; for the last three months there are sellers at 58s. South American fetches 58s. 6d.; no Australian on sale; town tallow, 58s, 6d,, net cash.
I BAILWAY INTELLIGENBE. GEELONG AND MELROTlRNuP. The half-yearly meeting of this company wa held ot Geelong on the 7th of July, Mr. C. N. Thorne in the cbair. The report congratulated the shareholders on the opening of the line for traffic on the 25th of Jane from Geelong to Williamstown, 39 miles. The only eircumstanoes to mar the Euceesa of this otberwise auspicious event were thb unfortunate accident which occurred to Mr. , Walters, the company's locomotive superintendent, who met his death while incautiously leaning over the side of the engine while passing under the Ocean Child bridge, and the inconvenient delay to which some of their Melbourne friends were sub. .ected. Since the day of opening the passenger tralffi has een augmenting, and were it not for the non-completion of the six miles of the Williarstowvn branch of the Mount Alexander line from the junction to Melbourne the returns would have been mnuch tmoro gratifying. The delay in the opening of the six miles to the Melbouwne Wharf involves the loss of about an hour in the journey from AMelboumre to Gedong. As to the con. tinuation of the line from Geelong to Bailarat, the requiste steps will be carried out. Subscriptions for shares. have been opened, and Mr. Snell, the engineer, has nearly completed his preparations for the survey. The am9utt required to complete the Geelong aud Melbourne Railway is 41,450U, which winl increase the total cost to 590,45., or, including everyttlng, between 13,0001. and 14,0001. per mile. The goods traffo cannot be conveyed on the Ine until the Goverament railway from Williamstown to Melbourne is oompleted. The capital account showed that 534,289a had been received, and 53033334 e.pended, leaving a balance of 3,9561. Resolntlons were passed adopting the report, voting 1001. towards a fund for providing for the family of the late Mr. Walters, locomotive superintendent; and also voting payment to the widows or children of the late J. Fookes and J. Gard, killed in the service of the company, of Os. wveekly for a period of two years; approving a memorial to his Ricellency the Governor for authority to extend thejir rilway from Geelong to Ballarat. The capital account of the extension from Geelong to Ballarat to be kept distinct from that of the Geelong andiJMelhourne Railway. The meeting then separated. WAY SOUTH WALES INERAL. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at the Craven Hotel, Strand; theViscountVilliers in the chair. Mr. PARsoNS, the secretary, read the report, wlhich stated that, in consequence of the failure of the original contractors for the Gafulchi tunnel, it became necessary to take the works out of their hands, but to prevent delay the directors considered it desirable to continue operation3 thereon under the direction of the engineer. A contract for the formation of the entire line ready to receive the permianent way bas since been entered into with Messrs. Morris and Toole. The works of the Briton FeY Docks, with the completion of which the permanent welfare of the undertaking is intimatelyassociated, are satisfactorily progressing, and the proprietors of the ironworks in the lynvi Valley are endeavourlng to make arraegemente with the view of securing a short and direct route thereto over the railway. The means of continuously pursuing the works of the line having been provided by the Glyncorwg Coal Company, the directors had bsen spared the necessity of having to make any caU upon the shareholders during the monetary pressure which has so long prevailed; bat, in accordance with the terms of the agreement with the coal company, the proprietors are entitled to a dividend upon their deposits at the rate of 53 per cent. per annum, and divided warrants would be issued accordingly. The C:AIRMIAN, in moving the adoption of the report said they had succeeded in obtaining contractors who woala finish the line with as little delay as possible. The proprietors would receive interest at the rate of 6 per cent. on the nioey already paid up. He congratulated the shatreholders on the psition of their affairs, and hoped that before the next meeting considerable progress would be made in the works on the railway, and also on those of the Briton Docks. Mr. J. N. FosTmt seconded the motion, snd it waw carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. EXETBR AND EXMOUTIH. A deputation of the directors of this company recently met a committee of the South-Western Railway to settle the terms of the arrangement batween the two companies in respect to the Exeter and Eimouth line. The result of the conference is reportedto be that an arrangement has been entered into by which the linefrom Exeter to Topsham is to be constructed by the South-Western Company, and from Topsham to Esmouth by the Exeter and Exmonth Company; and the line, 'when completed, is to be worked by the South-Weatern Company at 50 per cent. of the gross receipts over the entire line. GREAT WESTERN OF CANADA. It appears that the result of the half-year's accounts of this company to July 31 last shows that the net amount available for diidend (after deducting all charges) is 94,1361, and the dividend which will be recommended by the directors is at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum, which will absorb 93,7131., and leave a surplus to be carried over to next halfNear of 4234. currency. GREAT WESTERN AND BRENTFORD. A special meeting of this company was held yesterday at the odices, Great George-street, Westminster; the Viscount Villiers in the chair. Mr. BLEY, the secretary, read the notice convening the meating. The CHAIRrAN stated that the object of the meeting was to enable the directors to exercise the borrowing powers of the company under the Act of 1855 to the extent of 30,0001., and also to enable them to increase the capital of the company to the extent of 45,0001. under the Act of 1857. He concluded by moving a resolution to the effect that the directors be authorized to exercise the borrowing powers of the company to the extent of 30,0001. Mr. H. DAY seconded the motion, and it was carried unanimously. On the motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Captain BULKELEY, the directors were authorized to raise 45,0004 of additional capital in shares of 101. each. The meeting then separated. STIRLING AND DUNFERMLINE. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Edinburgh on Friday; Mr. Anstruther in the chair. The CHAIRMAN said that since the last meeting they had been engaged in calling in and discharging the outstanding debts of the company8 and the greater part of them had been paid. They were all aware that at the last meeting of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Company a committee of three shareholders was appointed to meet a similar comzaittee of shareholders of this company toendeavour to nego tiate a settlement of aU disputes between the two companies. The directors had always been ready to meet the Edinburgh and Glasgow Company, and, if possible, to put an end to litigation, and they were glad to see that the shareholders of that company had at last taken up the subject, and had named a committee of their number to meet them. The shareholders of the Edinburgh Company having taken that step, the directors were decidedly of opinion that this company should adopt a similar couree, and appoint a committee for a like purpose. He mieht state that the directors would be happy to co-operate with them in their endeavour to obtain a final settlement of aU disputes between the two companies. From the state of the assets of the company, and the small amount of debts still outstanding, the directors considered they were perfectly warranted in recommending an interim payment of 6s. per share to be made. After a short discussion resolutions were unanimously agreed to, approving the report and divldend) proposed and appointing a committee to negotiate with the lessees for a final settlement of all disputes, The meeting then separated. MA NCHESTER, SHEFFIELD, AND LINCOLNSHIRE. The working expenses and other out-goings of this company's railways (exclusive of the Manchester Sonth Junction and Altrincham stated below) have amonntedaon the fortDight ending September 20, 1857, to 9,9511., while the corresponding period of 1856 amounted to 8,7201. The sum of 49.6131. already stated for the first five fortnights of the half-year, added to the 9,9511. as above, make3 a total expended of 59,566., as against 52,7291. for the correspouding six fortnights of the previons year. The pro. portion of the South Junction, &c., receipts accruing to this company forthe fortnight ending Sept. 20 amounts to 1,5511. as against 9461. for the same period of 1856. The sum of G,803t. as previously stated for the first five fortnights of the half-year added to the 1,5511., makes a total to Sept. 2alt.h of 8,3541. as against 5,1881. forthe same period of 1856. The total wvorking expenses and other outgoings for the same period amounted to 3,2141. as against 2,4881. for the corresponding slxjfortnights of the previoUs year. TRAFFIC RETURNS, Mies Pas- Mer- Tots, Totas alws, open enge. cbandlze. 1857. 1856. Week ending Sept. . Grand Trunk of Canada - 4 .. . - . 99M . 5,06s Week ending Sept. 10. Detroit and I3dliwaukle .. 180 .. - ,, - ,, 1,582 , 1,454 Week ending Sept, 1L Great Wegtern ot Canada 283 ..8,0O8 ..2,699 . 10,707 ,, 12,131 Buiofilond Lake Huron n15 5 73 34 16 -- 919 , Week en diug Sept. 26. London, Brighton, & South Coast . 183! . 14.c17. 8,655 .A 18,472 , - Isis
GLAsaow, Sept. 26.-Cotton.-Our cotton-market during the week has been quiet and dull. The business doing has been but to a limited extent, but, as the majority of holders'wUll not give way, we can quote no dooline in pwries, whlch are, however, the torn easier. Goods and Yarns.-The market for goods and yarns closes quietly but with great firmness in pnces. P uslron.-Almoderate t - ness has been transacted in pig iron during this week. Prices receded on Thuraday 9d. per ton from last Saturday's quotations, but the decline has been quite made up, and to-day's rates are exactly similar to those of this day week. The market is extremely sensitive, limited operations sufficing to influence ita tone. Shipments go on favourably, particularly to the Baltic, German, and Mediterranean ports. MIxLed numbers warrants, 68s. cash; No. l, g.m.b., 69s. 6d. ; No. 3, 64s. Gd.; Calder, 73Ls; Coltness, 72s., Gartsherrie, 77s. [Advertisement. -British Artists, No. XXIX., Georgo Lonce The. Ro7al licturea In the* MIAx Jooral' for October (once 2s 6d.) aea-"1 The Prsion Gronop after BouY, and " The Birth of BelphcBbe and Mnorett."after LeIch. Thesolptnreo z 'The Hunter," by T. raewford. The literry contents iaclude - TintoyetW at Venice. ad Mlr. Buskln'-" EiRmvings and Armour In the Minohb ete A-rt Trewsnres Imxbib ion"-"1 Monumental Coramemaorations" rho Picture Gallery of J. Arden. FAwA."- " Tlik of Picture4 und the 1'aln ,rP -" Collodion and Phonogrphy," b3y R. i5un,,t F.P..- The Tou of the Thames." by Mr. and Mmrs. C. Hall, Ilunstrated - IOburohb.%cbic,ctu,e," by Dr. F. Kugler, &c. Virtue and Co.. 25, Pattruolter-row, London, and all booksellers.
I THE CORN TRADE. I EMAU-LANE, MoNdDAY ArRwnww virv 92 sLt wreek's arrivals were generally good. The exports were 155 quarter_ wheat, iO0 quarters barley, 107 quarters oat*, 40 quarters beans, and 410 saclrs of floir. The reoelpts of English wheat were 7,926 quarters, the foreign 14,137 quarters. The samples from Essex au(1 Kent were not numerous, and, with somo country buyers in attendance, bigher terms were at rirst demanded; but eventually prices did not exceed the provious rates, though there was an increased facility in sales. In foreign busino3 remained very nuiet. Of English llur there were 16,870 sacks, 'of foreign 6i ,acks 194 barrels. Norfolks sold better, at fully former rates. Town-made samples and foreign were unchanged. Of native barley the quantity wras 3,608 quarters; of foreign, 6,360 quarters. The best nalting descriptions maintained their value, but secondary were dull, and griLding sorts rather cheaper. Fine old malt sold well at fully former terms; other sorts were dulL The supply of oats consisted of 1,376 quarteor English, 701 quarters Scotch, 1,800 quarters Irish,. and 37,469 quarters foreign-about 30,000 quarters being Russian Trade generally was calm, but without inclination to give way in prices. Of beans there were 913 quarters native, and 211 quarters foreign Ne.r were rather easler. Of peas there were 439 quarters English, and 288 quarters from abroad. White boilers were 2s. per quarter higher. Dans and maples dnlL The arrivals of linseed consisted of 3,010 quarters, chiefly from Archangel. The exports were 610 quarter. A steady demand both for cake and seed continnod at fill prioes. In seeds, canary sold at high prices, and oasraway was Us. per cwt. dearer. Mustardseed, hempseed, tares, and other seeds much as last quotedL URRBEN5T PRIOES OF BRITISH GRAIN AND LOUR la MARK-LANEX Wheat-iPsex and Rent, whlte t. o. SVc f to ea Ditto, red 48 - unew lto 665 Norfolk4 Ian*ohhlxe,adk; orhire, ^red, *8 * a 50 ~ bO- 59 Barley-Maltn 40 - Al eh er, now 42-S4 Distiling. 7 - 39 Gdlnding. . . ..3 Wt-- Eslex, INorfolk. nd Yolk:: 6S - 75 72-74 Kingston, Wars-d tow-m-Ae 65 - 76 73-75 Drown* -5 Rre-- .. : : : : 3-0-z B t.- English feod 3 -2 Potato'27-32 =blc f..; .. .. .. .. .. .. S20-2 n IZ r o ;ho ezld . De60 flne 254-3 Ditto ~ ~ 2-2 , b--21 Beans- Managan 39 Ticks 36 - 3 HRrTow . 36 -40 Mapleh-It bo.;rs 40 o 0 31-DIO ~~~~~42-45 W GrayD3De f o nised 60 to e3 hlgh m 6640-43 JIonu-. T n ebold. e o6 & I. .. .. 47 fine 4 -- Norfo exk .hlp. *ek, 39 - 40 FOREIGN GRA=N. ~~eas, ~~ed 60 ~shiIli Per quarter. Whea-Datdo mUd 6 SO63 ighmixed - to -ext.- to 66 Amer , white 60-62 red 6-5 - Pomem., Meck., and Uckerak., red 60-65 --- SUletan, red .. 45 - 54 whIte - - ES-62 Danishk &Holein -SS .. *. ; --- -- Ruana bard.. 45-.. .. 5: St. Petersurg and Ripa 46 - so Barley-Grinding . . . 24S DMIrtling Oats- Dntch, brew, and Paoni 20-2 D^nisandSsdubtel '- ' .30-28 Ditto, feed 19 i 25 D.Mieland Wwedish feedo. 30 -26 Bean}Msffid sd 1 e . ............ .. .. 23 S-S'J Sda tra oleno 237-3S Russian21 4 Beans-Yresland an,doaroes;, 21-24 KonIpb eg . .. 32 ,-31BeyDtian 37 -38 Peais- Veeding . 36-gW C bDersn:: . .. .. 40 - 43 ru°i , _Wh bsel.. . .. .. .. W17-21 Yellow 36 - 3 lions- America, per barel, so,r 21 -2 Ditto, sweet q . .. .. ... .. 30 - 34 Tares,nwb BRITISH 9EEDS. Taneg, ver qr.,bcrunbhl ..........L....... Gd. t. ..4 . . n-7d Lew, per tonbbl .. .. .. .. .. 17 - 21 Coriander, per cto .o Gmarcy, perr q . -to 94 Linseed, er qr., cuabing . . 72 Cake, per toa . ioe t-o Oe. Rapeseed. per qr. 0 7 Oake, per ton . £5 Os to £6 100. FOREIGNT SEDS, ko, he atprsee ce small, per qrl to 44 Barloer tnlpocWt b 15 - 20 Lisd, Pather lower. BaltIc and poa. I. to > Der quara3r 46 - 50 69-72 to 10 OR. Rapeseod, Dutch ~ ~ ~ ~ 0. .t 76 - S0 NEWOCSTLr, SEPT. 26. At this aornfng's market there was a largo nupply of grain. ESwes of wheat proceeded slowly at a decline of Is. to 4s. per quarter. Barley In limited reouest, but no lower. Oats but little xinquirod for and rather lower. Beans and peas Is. to 2U per quarter dearr. YORIE, SEPT~. 26. At to-day's market theze wa3 an average qtuntIty of grain ebowa. The beat samples of wbeat wore saleable only at rednoed prices; in ferior kinds were diffScult t0 ell, although 2a. to Se. per quarter Lesa money would hbae been taken. Malting barley fuliy maintained bad week's rates; grindiog In leos demand, and bomewbht cheaper. New oats mot a dull se an a reduced prices. O-her kinds unaltered In value. RgTFORDIS, 8. 26. Therewas a large supply of wheat here to-lay, and the boet sanmpes commanded the extreme rates of last week; other deecrlplions met a very limIted demand, aud lower prices bad to be taken. 'Very little inquiry for either walting or grinding barley. Oats had a stesdy aale at former currencies. Beans in reqesta end worth lz. per load 2s. Sdper quarter) more. Price3:-Old what, 23s. to 25. pe load ot three Lusehel; new, 16a. tol9s. At the cattle-market to-day there were very few store beasts ehowL MDtch cows reabzed more money. An average abow of sheep, Twhich reahzed last week'a rates. Pigs, 1s. Per head cheaper. Store beasts £10 to £14 per head; milch cows. £15 to £20. Beef. 7jd. to Sd. pt pound; mutton. 7id. to 8td. : lamb. 7id. to So. lides, 5s. per stone r Sheepekin, 5s. to Cs. each; rough fat, 6a. 6d. per stone. KETTERINGi, SEP,. 25. At toi-dae market there was culy a very llmated demand for wheat. at last week's prices. Barley of doe quality fuly supported formeT ,mtes.
METBOPOLITAN COATTLEfMARKET. 28. Tho beet trade vas partIcularly active to-day, and Scots Made 5. Der .a.one o 8 lb. The e pply ot beasts vas large, being nearly 5.000 bead; buoretban tbe wl ve been o°teerre, stehart3 latterly the receipts have boee *Ofy suttnn jee es,ly wan rdatbteyl tort nOvartbeleas iheep aold thWhat fer lhmnbs arenDowl in thornarket seS at 5t 2d. to 6s 2d.; but Veal and pork b.tb realIzed full rateg. Arrivals of Corn In the Port of London Lrom Sept. 21 to Sept. 26. ComparatIve Statement of Prices and Supply of Oattle at MarkeL
HOP-MARKET, Monday, Sept. 28. Pickitng ba progrrsgsd wlilout interuption sines our tast repor, and WiU ptobably he b7onght to a close in the courso of the present week. The lnDreaLioo as to the ex ent of the crop bas oontinued favourable, and the duty ba3 een repeatedly bckesd aw heh as ;£120 000 in the Boroughb and oo theo tunterbury AUrket still higber. A Large rropor. tien of the hopn from the blighted di,trdcts of Bussex and the oesid of Rent, h%ving been forced out aferthrowing of the vermin present an unripe, snd by no means an attractive rample, and 'we fear Tbe sura zemark will apply to many of the Bast Rent growths when brougbt forward; but the produce of Middle Kent is, generally spea"kn2 good In rjuality as well as abiundant Ina quantity. anud the naeo masy oosaid of the Woroeeteawbhlch .n Saturday'a market were reported to t firm, and the rocent curren,y about maintained. The FaruhbAn growth is undoubtedlv abundant, bht its qnahty will not be correctly ascertained till the occurrence of Werhill Fair on the 12th proxlmo. In the Borough buedtez continues extremely olmited, the country buyers exbJbiting great reluctance to purchase, and the market may be dee' ctibed as languid, at aoutt the prico of last week.
I SHIP NEW& LTVERpAnr. R *I The rOI1i. for Antwerp ht put beo with euttsr lImie, having been in oontetAwit'w tb's hdt Industrye TUhe rleoo Ainan and Whitebaren TraPe,, fro BtVeO/ f r AUnn. sank an Saituday nigbt off Palle roudray afte o IlA wilth tb " ee Un. fromn WhitsbAeyin, arrilred bere.. Thei mate arid hit 'wI'owere drowned TC e Atlantlod MrOm Dnte for Va2p: le. pvt hot ) Rio Jauelro dimealed and h%x been cododmmed and sold theme. A tr e&.-TbveJosepb, 'mm Taropic-thet-!e h f,omygalaJobhn F~r)jt, ints BPorter, Junior West Point anPoiivabl *e f0roca Ncv Y!or -tbe Martn, from Botabay-the Adelside and the Juo., from Denis-tho Mlaid of Atbenks from Monaeylde-..ot Gdsvery, L,ow Madras-thle ALdrs. from SBoom h-tbecamilie,from Moesitvilec, --the Gauntle, from FemnambUOe -Sthe Crltese, from Zueno. Aiyro-the Ur4nia, from Algo& Bay-the Icmqewt irom Qigeow- tee d.irW Relegab, from AJgmoeo--the lCoodse het, Srom St. John's Nov B3mronecic--the 1'n2Llnthroplst and tbe Bao oS Bea- ewr; both from Byrobay-the Gondond, from Xsehe-tbhe tetlar relita, from Patras-the Bernel, from Prdoro Edr Ard's lalnd -St. 'vjfa D>odge, from i4uroeilie3-tble Mar BlbbyM fromn))emenorsthe Jane. from Bn huaet--the MornIug Star. from salrablli, t -Si ZFAbxu from et. Jo2n'W, ewd BrSn.W. k-er estroulen4 front AO rVed-The A.rab, from Akyab-tot U0idS f 1 H A h - the fntleraud, rouTmetAogo y-the Teeasina frm tbePorth. land, both froma Mlr o ulchI-the ondon, from XomBteo Ntl a, -romB ombs-thelJ,ifr, from ralnahs- tbeoJamem Smith. -romf th Porn', e Brtnh Sid k-on e Star, fromc Rooerde .e . riSilo&-The William Sta!rg foe Zewloondliud-4he Wli'Ill&tXi. for Roelok-the Pizr rro and the oeery arie isoth Sor Poeto Blod-the steamdetr lbrhon, Sor flare-the Eiida, Sor StatMn-the hv~, bor 0j 1 Oithe Port-The Birkenhead, tie .aoat, the Xzlbei,A thbe itr C. Napler. and the CamennA. LonzDo:N. Sept. 2G8-Wind at noD, N.W.; light breeze2 s aeody. FALXOUTa. Se3t. 27.-Wind, W. hred, sibe oituos, fro. Taurs,aftom Wiklng Sboen, f, from thSt. n, fromHavsaboPknabtbe sonderlaud rDi oli s r Og-fo e Tereinafbtodrn Ciatnia-the Donna Tberesb from iRio Jn eiro-the Canoe, TromaBoenos froex the Cos i ne-te Szom T abrnton.e Tfto-, rrom tocfnbey-the Wales-the Naneine Sco, from lartnde all ror order's. Azrirnd rz the Poao tbe 3idolt, frfm Xio JWaebro, foeorders andelnften F from arde, oep 8- Wottssfro B omb in.ay rihed the Tristte,' from sdaurog. the KLudlyNewborouh ferom Labr.etb c-..rim e Ihle tGom er-the Cnople-the frpl ad the tarshblL both Sream ork-the lw hs itl, 'rud - Waterted-s eA i, from GrremNewfoudla ni - tbo Tromsit, lfromrnew -Or ,nAe-to eCUontU ., frlo Dania--toe Lfzzir theilArddel, from Tiagon',NwhrogntewlCk-the an, trom sars ouths -the Soiern froom LiverpooLth Suatrie, them athlet, or Llrefpo the Fottuna, the Pomoa,andthe Sachen all fror Cordiau. GIRAYEND, Bzrr. 21. (BY Momro TzLsosu.p.) tFtom Ooim 2,. Arrived-The steamer Metropoi4 from B uerne- - tbe teafmer Taerus, from Va el-the Soberomd, trom iSu Vst ent'-DalpbPditn AUert and the Dtollnda, from duernyto e odnam Qteen, frame Clrbdos-tbe Bormamta, from Ibrall-the Tlhomas fmodes, from hU the l!lith TborDnodu froGaBuemslthe Sitfire, froeylat -the Vlla de Parao, from the Chineh ItlaCdsrthe I,oruezo. fro hJalao-tbe Crese of tbe Ware, from ochnodfoo-he frm a0. F ox fromCardeno f-te Peoot-t fiom Bohbny,the Liue Tr , fromx Badelu-the Em1Wir Srom Cap Cea-the Triumph, frm Gurr Arr-ithe a IE mti, from 8t. Crdox-the Sir-bgh, Stotn theo Ohinoha Islands - the Lea Rwe, from Grarelne-.the Trae Xrltoa. from uelboure-the AntoDnetue, from H lso-Ihe Provld from Gra',ellnee-the Zepoir- trom Miauo-tbe Cizuma.t fr.om Ccimp,.-. the Llddeedaie, from Tsarog...the Candar, frees Bsliae-ths Zahdari-s, rrom HarvnTah-the filiorla, from CM llay -tbeoM l Magnet, reom sfioren-the steomer iulph, from Boedeaux Sxsnzxagi 28. i.3X a.na-W nd, NW ; oids, two hours ebb: logu t wit rain Arrved.-The stgmer Rhin.m from bo.s-the Speedy, rom DenlA-thedLdy andg t, fromSt. Ki -the ntoamerDrlphai, from ntwnerp-the steamer Fyenoogd, from Botterd m-tho steamer romeiouit, fromthgmburg-the stmamer tuesian, from Ceontai-.t the oCues and the Alexonder - frotu Guer ez-the Jeseed Boyle, Soum Calmpo-the Sarah LYOn. from - iuh m -thb e Car. tie Tribune, and thefJuan PreaubdeP, from Couvo-the Zomdoro. from theill-thb ryAnnie, from Puprh-th-tee John, from Quebef ellaed--Te Mry Wler, for Ualta. 1 pan-Wjd. Nl.W,; tide, three-quarters' ebh; raining. ArrlvaL--The Veritas from Qasehe-the 8ir 4. Pohlook, fromt M adras-the sterme Denmrk, irom Hasno B9ibsLThe sterier Trii-on, S or Caeia-tie Medway, ftOrMS|4t^ ateamerTrAdent, for Tonnin. 2 SD .m-Wind, N.W one hour' flood; cloudy. Arolrvd.-.The Kgrator, LDoF Coloino. i3 D.m-Wnd, N. W; last hour's ilood, cloudy. Aniyed.-Tle Suamaitan, from Port Nent-the loienbe1,fSramd sidney-ttie Gadehond, from d oreTon flyn ^-the Victoria RecaN from Calouttkthe Eghert. from Qaebre-the Led, from neaorney -thedMoggTe, tromBio Gra df-thereodie, from Odessa-the routhsbpiton from New York-the oebe, from Qaebeo-the flerearly. sromedaragTay-the Pierre BofD et, from Porto rgso-the D ieal ble VIrginld, Srom (narnate-the steamer Andea. from Simtrue. wedaed.-The Tanrua, for Varal-the staAmer Weley, for St, Peters. DIW W, Bera . 27. tBr MAor.-ero Tr zo.sa'54 (From loyd'( t POard, ofteide the Goodwene-the Rhine, from Lordon for Now Paseboe-The e k d exat , for remene w ad the f amor on for Ldon both from Jread. a-the DeOot Val, f rom Londd n for TNble B3y Senyxsnge 23. 9 a.m-Wind, h.W., moderate; rainy. I Porseof-The Carolne, from Jamaica; the Asok , from DenAa, the sibp ooldarem (in towl, and the temer Andes, both from the wed-.. 1ardh ant the Coral Qieen, from the Cape of Good Hope, eal Sor Lodon. l6o0n.-W2 nd, W. by S.; moderate and r iny. Pamefr-Tbo Aipedr , from 23 po te; the Youno Rogland, fromt Colombo; the lTtoPla from Calcutta; the Margaret, fronu Swansea; thelWelinget, from St. Ionl't ; the Sholbourne, raom Bristol; the Onwaed, from d t Ly, wrenoe; the C rotine Agnes, Sroem Sinatpore the2JonW, from Tagyfrog; the MidLoAthusn, from Queberk theratid of the Tyne, from Akab: the Dannebrig, from bMacan; and the schconer Dependent, from the wa e tward al for London. Anchter9-The corinthisn, from Londo3 for Newr Orlesns i Report of the Oaroline Agnes :Juy 8 n, spoke tho ship idesic, from Bombatf3r5iverpoolNi.,la 2528.,long. 53453EW.out23dydayt. Juli 13th, thebark Aond, in lat. 2) 31 8, long. 42021 AngWatlh81, a bark, No. 3,10;i seoond pSendant, nelikhs forj Colaire. in lt. 2 43N. long 2343 W: on ehe Msae day, it, and long, the Almeric n sa ii; Grace, for Collnsa. ANgut 23d. the berk Dutke of Portland, from the Csrde oroSino porn , InDlo 9C3atNa, long 24 50 W.,4 1 de logt; on e. ame dsy, the Wapo of Liye, from London for Sydney, in lpnt 935 N., ong 24 5 W., 234 days from L ondon August 24th, .he hark Gr3ttude, trom aiverpool tor luiabl, In lat. 10 22 iY, long. 5 5 W. out 38 d ys eptember 1th, the schooner Idtl, f om Liverpool for Vera Cruz, in lat. 31325N. lon. 2032W m, out 2 days. September 23d, te ship Onsul, long.a 1bO32d, i, eat 49a0Nd, og. 16 2g W Report of the M>aid ot Tone :-Ezohangod sieDa;3 with a ship, second peandnt No. 87. another number noi made out, from London, w:th troops on board, for Calcutta. (n ltat 321 it , long. 2G toW. Anguet 14th, probably the Olobber, No. 8.671, SNir pendant. August 21, in eit 24 35 Na, long. 3i 31 W., the American hark penyr ooinmef standing to theos0uth ard. September 7shb in lat. 42 31 N,, IOg. 330W,Tpaedthe JAmoe, of Letf, hound forb the eastward. Sep tember 10tb. Inlet. 43 20N., long. 39321 W . tbe Bve mea bark Laura, hound for Netr York, foith emigraus, aU wteEm September 19th, in hi. 5024X,1, long. 12 20 W, the James and Mary. from Itoulmein for Sunderivan, and the brig Sea, from Rlrhlbucto, out ii days; on the raine dayJ in lai. 42 50 It, long. 1U 10 VI'. the ehtip DevonhIire, fromi 2 p.m-Wiod,d N.W.; moderate. Paseerd-The Alice Droughet. far 1 urrachee; the Rapid, fOr Blao Janeiro: the Aecra, for Nv wport; the Emma Jane. for (Cardi6' -al from LnODon. Smued.-Tne Adance, for Cardidff-te Devon Vale, for Table ay. 7 30p.m-Wind vriabloe with rain. Arrived aud P&ored.-The Champion, for Melbourne; the Potetate, for Gasgow ; the Mystery, for the Cape of Good Hopoe . the rrais, for Beyrout-&llifr.m Lundon. Outride the Goodwin. -The Liverpool. from Now York for Londoa -the Governor, from Op rto for Newcastle. Arrived and Anchored.-The Taymouth Caatle, from London for Hongkoxng. VVzssm S SPrO-;XN Wrn'L TiCeWoodesock, for Melsour,.e. Sept. 19, in lat. 48 N., long. 10 W. The Sir George delrnoor, for Bombay, iith troops. Aug. t7, in lat. ON., lonig. 27W%. I,Tl'be steamer Scotland, for Calcutta, with troops, Aug. 21, In sat. 13 N.. long 28W. The bark Corsai3r'sBride, from Oolombo for Liverpool, Sept. S, in hit 32 N.. long. 38 W. The Helolta, from Honduras for ToUSon, Sept 10, In lat. SS N.. lcu3q. 32W. Tbe City of Philadelphia. from Oaloutta for Bremen, July 13, oft the Cape of Gvod Hope. ThoeAntoine, July]U. offtheO Cape of Good Hope. The Resolution, &ug 19, iu lat. 15 X.. long. 2S 8W. Tee ht. Jago, from Calle for Queenstown, dept. 7, In lat. 351N., ion. 31 W. The Louisa Ilbam, from New York for London. Sept 22, In lat. The Piers PJaDcdonald, from Penaug for London, Sept. 17, In lat The Aneu3dale. from 1eith for Illelbourne, Aug. 10, in lat. 13 N., Tile Exigrant, from Quebec for Montrote.Sept. 5, off OCand Allee The bark Mary Ann, Sept. 3, in let. 21 N., long. 31 W. HIGH WATEI R T LONDON-BRIDEGR THIS DAY. Morning .. 6 mi. after 10 I Afernoon .. 50 nm. after 10
THE LATE GEX RRAL SIR GEOwOE HI. F. BERSEBUY, K.C.B.-We have to announce to our readers the death of General Sir G. Berkeley, K.C.B., which event bappened at Richmond on Friday last, the 25th inst., after a short illness, in his 73d year. The deceased General was the eldest son of the late Admiral Sir G. 0. Berkeley, G.C.B., some time Lord Admiral of Portugal, by Emily Charlotte, daughter of the late Lord George Lennox, and was, consequently, first cousin to the present Earl Berkeley and to Earl Falzhardsnge. He was born in 1785, and entered the army in 1802 as Cornet in the Royal Horse Guards (Bllue); he proceeded with the 3th Regiment of Foot to Siacly and Egypt, vhere he served during the whole campaign under Lieutenant-General M. Frazer. He subsequently joined the British forces in the Peninsula under Lord Wellington, and served as Assistant Adjutant-GeueraL Among other engagements he was present at Busaco, Fuentes d'Onor, Badajoz. Salamanca, Vittoria, San Sebastian, and Nive, and received a cross and three clasps for his Peninsular services. He was subsequently engaged in the campaign in Flanders, and was present at Waterloo, and for his galantry on that field received the order of St. Vladinir, 4th class from the late Emperor of Russia, and was made a Knight Commander of the Bath in 1815. He was also a Knight of the Tower and Sword of Portugal. In 1845 he was appointed to the Colonelay of the 35th Foot, now vacaut by his decease, and attained the rank of General in the army in 1S54. Adopting a different Eet of political opinions from. those maintained by. the rest of his family, he was Sorveyor-General of the Ordnance under the Government of Lord Derby from February to December, 1S5, and sat for Devonport during tbe last Parliament in the Conservative interest. In 1S16s he married Lucy, eldest daughter aud co heir of the late Sir Thomas Sutton, Bert,, by whom he has left a family of three sons *ud a daughter, maried in 1838, to Lieutenant-Colonel Raidal Rumley HERTFoRDS}uRB REoISTRATION.-The revision of the regiter for this county was completed at St, Alban's on Fnday last before Mr. S. C. C. Fisb. Mr. J. F. Boutems appeared throughout the county as general agent for the Liberals, Mr. Henry Edwards for Sir Henry Meux, who is now a supporter ot the Government, and, Mr. Passingham fcX he Conservatives. The following is the result of the whole revision .-Libersl daims allowed, 214 * Conservatives struck off, 157; total, 371. Conservative ciaims allowed, 164; Liberals struck off, 136; total, 300. Liberal gain, 71. This is exclusive of 43 votes inade by Sir JH. Mdeux ox ki own estate, which are not counted on either slde. Advertisement.]-Delhi.-Colonel W. H. Saith's "Vtew of IMand E2iovxns.~1roo, skotcbe, takcen persinally on iseuot in 1I85 au 185G6 will be found tke oell, authentio view panbl.ed. o i is besutifully exeonted In the htgbeet style oF lithograph , b x. Fbuobe nee 2s.6Sd.. )erge *beet. Imperia,t. Alto, (Woninel Hmlth'a 101t-.r4 Eketh Man of India, lofe I&. M., tull.ecinurod, *XVNely d4rn to tIllusraste the pre'ent insurretiuon. London, ~t:,dued Guyer, 5 rrlnceeA.sreet, itrlArd-row.
EXHIBITIOI of ART TREASURES of the J"l UNTED KNGDOM.Tbe lxoentie Comitteegive naotice, t the DX BITIONk wil LODE on ThW the 5h Octber By order. THOLA8HAU TONPr oFBe n2URFORD' a fl-XORAMA.. - Moecow. - NOuW ~OPEN6magailioent PANORAMA of MOSCOW, with all the MT Of grftwm ity 5and tha 7gto g eo mstry of the Eapearoe lxAndArILlntothek r .dierra Lone and toe Bemese Alpo a 'onview. Open from10 tilndusk. Amorialonto eachI&s-Lelces*.q. 1, BEAT GLO 'TE.-ioEurrction In Indla.-EurW DIORAMA Of INDIA, tha Gage and the coas .t 12noon nd BP.M. and the Diorama of Russin Le ast Sceer, a Snd oolok,p.ni &Adzrlon to the whole building. I,, Openom0 a.nd,t. e5to 10p.m ombo A.mi,ioliscuree T B E~~~~ahrl bewh eiMbte, xew ErT.ofVTwhei alt thaee n.cheX of toecee and pfors in which the roeBet atso. T ad the SURROUNDING COUNTRY, painted by Mr. Char!e. -acsall,of Her MaJesty's Theatre, 8XHIITED dAiy, from 10 ti atte AuctionMart.Ba lofe CEgland. Every fact connected with t ebello develed let by Mr. Gregory, at hail. rpst evsy h OYur. AdmionProIdniTur conin of be Yl, every Tfesdal, T.d, aud Olug nd wn Satd eve ogs, iDtbe a quarter-past iLebcturi on the rro by N . Th Petpher lags on teoH otlftc TeMlegrap Clabdley n the Dda iawesolendtug #icws and the ttt C hDubin. ad 12the G ocsl. li. of dron MIroscope,Msandex allthe other oelobatoedas uand oframso JJEB MJESTYS THETRE-Pou cturay,THE OorUst Hou n 8O l Saldedance Ali, o and aauUcainwile ar. ppedar-a oterdng Tohaiacterb Me.Wsgt To 8eby morow dttn th Bi1snto udrland from J3 tethote Th ubin the 1t.-nrth TJoinEtieme. of' The Scoo Pyor Sandal, an. o Mlariso Cahrn Sinclair's performance of Lady ece.TeiSg EVENIN irW Benjamin Backbite To liuicd er Cone l Cdineg r. spo Joseph Slu-rface,M b~oxe; Charles Su. rf a, and £1 Fadren Sir 6a.: dess drae, Mr Clarouac b esy,4 , Mrs r. C atre Mr. Sove oa diaepoPntea dl over1. Conclhuiing wthe TnEnsgnWitS (OTAGR.On dtob-ecady Ocgt. 1, and oneFidba,the cor Jmedy o Thder Wonder Viosv5lanPhte dat otimce inc this count|ry),gi Mrs ahethne Snclir Dona WelixM.Henryi 3isedjey Mhis flitn aPperny in Lonon) Wai it ith the Sani.Ho blluet wof The Galiclan OT1e. T3ATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI-Continuea 5. Scces.-he astwee ofMr.T. P. Cooke's engagement who Will appar n te oc,larpice. of Black-eyed Susan and The Plot.-Tnie screaing arce of omteti Economy and Fearful Tragedy in the Sevn Dal, wth r.Wriht ndMr. Pant Bedford ever night. - TEaS ECONOMY. Grumly, Mr.Wright; Mrs. Gra yMisre ihthe celebrated nsautical, drama of TEHE i Sea, Log Tom Cohn My. T. VP. Cooke iwb wilsn Long Tom's Courtship," " A Sailores ConoaIniaSon. and dance his celebrated nautical horuapipe) ; otherchaceeyMes. Wright, C. Selby, Garden. BMilngton. J. Bland. Me ayRee.Ms Arden, &c. And YEA.RFUJL TRAGEDY NTESVNDAS by Measrs. Wrlght, P Bedford, lsAdn e 1 OYA-L L YCEUM THEATRE.-Under the ,Joint lie.et of rM L yne and Mr. W. Rarriaon. Lec,mrlhre Dillon.-Open for an Opera rieson of Three aoth.-RITEENING.Meserbeerecopera, THE HUGUISNOTS: PrinocIp characers by Madame Caradoni, Miss Msartn Preecot, Mires CoMc, GloMr. A. Brabam, tr. H. BrahaDd, Mr. F. G Cvor. Mr. . St. A.lby and Mr. Weiss. To conclude with SOMEBODY ELSE: Mr. 0. Honey, Mr. Lee, Mr. Edmeonds, Miss Marien Prescott,_ aud Mi CutHibert. Doo open at 7* oDmmtence at half-past 7. rices ,oZ rdmlsston-Private boxes, £2 Ils 6d., £2 a, and £1I'ls. 6d. Stalls. 6s..: dreis circle, is.; upper boxes, 4s. ; pit, 2s.; gallery, is. The box-office open daily from U1 to B. under the management Mtr. Chatterton. Jun. __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ TRoAND THEATR E-THSL P EVNlITNG, P ERS Y011ON:Miss H. Gordon. MORE BLUNDERS THAN ONE: Hz. M1aca-thy. New farce, SO VERY OBLIGING: Menesa Kmnloch and Clarke; Nmis Craven. And the highly successul borAl i CommenceATA a taUs; boxes, 2s.; pit, Is. ; private boxes, ("BET NAIONA STADARDT~HEATRE, THIS EVeNI tod co'nagec wt MACICR Macbeth, Mr.k Jams Aderon;Msoud'Mr.TomPary;Wad Fabeth Mieamss Eisorty.To onlud wth AR TH MID OFTHE SINN Mady, Mrs. H. HomiMr.Wrihter.dMis >~~~~~~~~~~ / TheDab= l' t: OmilmBedford. Min rden. THEATR ROLYAPI,HEAYTICNT Under the Managemenanof Mr. BHcrrtooe THEATRE ROYAL, SADLELR-FJZ THIS EVENING.DOAdIT EON -orMY: Thron WIghnd teTmis ArenbelWith TMr. PILOT:oM ssrs.ry. P.lCoo eoWright Cr.mmelbyr 1isMr..idoromKleydMiss Almrden.AndTHEQRUI,TR&GEDYIN -blTHESEV WidicAmS Voelere ;Wright, P.aBedord,aMissbsteen ASLYSROYAL O AMPIC ITHEATRE. Leeaees,Mand . . itobon an W.MS. Coode. THIS EVENING, th. WequesCollis'sdrama, o TEL LIGHT. HOUS: Memrs.P. iobso, d SucceeGodon, by Cooke- nta W ny z.dilihaail and Mwdoouh ~ EUGE. Missrs. Go'VIindig, P.ti OFeo Cmec aT HElfAsT 7. Omeo t UndeThePuint MaageonmontoE MiEssLoomm Pyepe andMO'cockW.Herayrsn moor t al-ast 7. iise t 0miueptS
LONDOZV, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1857. Each successive Indian mail is non expected with increasimg anxiety, though it would appear that people do not generally consider what they may reasonably expect, or within what limits their anticipations may range. Perhaps there never was a war in which we knew with more exactness the number of our own .forces, the strength of the enemy, the nature of their position, and aU the other elements of the question, for the obvious reason that the campaign, lamentable as the fact may be, is fought within our own territory, by our own men, as described in our own Arm7J List, with our own arms and stores-everything our own. What, then, did people expect to hear by this mail, or what do they expect to hear by the next? They could not expect to hear that an army had sprung from the grotund at the call of some benevolent genius, or that any considerable portion of the foe had suddenly disappeared. All the chances are, and were, in favour of things remaining pretty much unchanged. The utmost that can be expected is that we should hold our ground till the arrival of reinforcements, and that meanwhile the mutiny, like any other epidemic, should run through all its stages and include all its victims. Where the conditions are so fixed it is obvious that even an advantage could be only temporary, or merely local, and that, on the whole, matters must soon return to their usual tenour and their original state. This is strictly the case with the present intelligence, as, indeed, it has been several times before. On the 12th of August we were still holding our ground at Delhi, content to do so, and were still beating the enemy at every encounter. General NIcHoLsoN had reached the camp, and his column, more than 2,000 strong, would follow the day after. It is also stated that large reinforcements were to arrive on the 2 0th. For our own part, we shall be perfectly satisfied to hear for several mails to come that these arrivals have enabled General WisoN to strengthen and extend his position, and to inflict at less cost more signal chastisement. Nothing at present can be gained by exchanging places with the enemythat is, by shutting up our own 5,000 or 6,000 men within the walls of Delhi, and leaving the mutineers in possession of the country. So on -tbis point we neither expect nor desire to hear that Delhi "has fallen." When sufficient reinforce, -ments ari-ve we shall be able to sweep round the walls, cut off the supplies, and enter the city -without necessarily giving up our communications -without. The explanations which had been offered for GEneral HAvLocex's recent retreat were founded on a too sanguine idea of his resources and his -difficulties. He has returned to Cawnpore. It is said that on advancing within a march or two of Lucknow he found 10,000 mutineers with artillery strongly posted on the opposite side of a river, xwollen by the rains, which he would have to pass in the face of the enemy with his small, and now reduced, band of heroes. Considering how much hung on the doubtful issue, he was wise not to run the risk; and it is stated that the garrison of Lucknow is believed to be safe and capable of holding out for some time longer. Meanwhile, General HAVEI,OC, though obliged to retreat, had maintained the character of his little army by infdicting two more defeats on the enemy, and has taken more of their guns. The time cannot be far distant when his European reinforcements will enable him to take the field on less unequal terms. When this shall be the case, there is hope for Llulknow from other quarters also. On the authority of a private letter by the last mail we learn that on the 26th of July a body of 3,000 Goorkhas, under Major F. BOUGHTONx, was only two days' march from Gorucipore, on its way to the relief of Lucknow. It is not to be expected that such a body would force its way through the 10,000 men under NE.NA SABIB, so long as they are unbroken and in possession of the country around Lucknow; but, should they happen to receive a great discomfiture at the hands of General HAVELOCK, we may reasonably hope that these 3,000 Goorkhas will appear at the proper time to assist in securing the advantage. It would now be a matter of surprise were any regiment of the Bengal Army to remain so unquestionably loyal as to be trusted with its arms. On this point, then, no news can be unfavourable. The mutiny of the 26th Native Infantry at Meean Meer had been already stated in general terms, and all that we have to learn is the circumstances of the mutiny, and of the murder of the commanding officer, Major SPEN-cE. The mutineers are stated to have been completely destroyed, as elsewhere in the Punjab. It can scarcely be said w-ith equal truth that the spread of the mutiny into thA Madras and Bombay Army is not a disappointment ; for in these Presidencies loyalty seemed still to hang in the balance, and we knew not which most to hope or to fear. As to Bombay, however, we have only more certain information of what we knew before. The partial mutiny of the 27th Bombay Infantry has been entirely suppressed; a regiment at :Rutnagherry has been disarmed. Particulars may be expected of the affair at Belgaum, where a formidable conspiracy has been discovered, disconcerted, and punished. A mutiny on a small scale had taken place in the Joudpore Legion, with no particular result, and a regiment had been disarmed at Nusseerabad for insubordination and threatening demeanour. In the Madras Army disaffection has shown itself to the comparatively mild extent of a refusal on the part of the 8th Cavalry to proceed to Bengal. This is an incident not without parallel even in the days of Hindoo loyalty, but it is one that cannot be overlooked, and the time has come when we must seriously consider whether we are to command or to obey the Indian Army, and who is to choose the enterprises on which it is to be engaged. On this point, for the future, there must be no recurrence of the ignoble discussions that have taken place occasionally as to the employment of the soldiers " eating our salt," carrying our flag, sharing our glory, and enjoying the benefits of that peaceful sway which they so little appreciate. The great question for which every mail will now be anxiously scrutinized is that of reinforcement. The news by two mails is before us-from Calcutta as well as from Bombay. Though their dates are the same, they give the news from different points of view, and with a somewhat different colour. Five hundred gunners and drivers of the much-wanted Royal Artillery were to leave Hongkong on the 12th of August, and would probably arrive at Calcutta at the end of the first week in the present month. Lord ELGIN on his return to China had left the Shannon and the Pearl with their crews at the disposal of the Indian Government, and accordingly Captain PEEL had left Calcutta for Allahabad with 400 seamen and ten 68-pounders. We shall look with much interest to the result of this unique contribution from the British Admiralty to the most important and most perilous conflict in which England was ever engaged. Our readers, too, if we do not mistake them, will follow the progress of these seamen into the interior of Hindostan in a river steamer towing fiats and carrying these heavy guns with a deeper interest and closer attention than they give to the grand naval promenade of Admiral LYo?;s with his threadeckers, and we know not how many guns, or how many thousand men, from port to port around the shores of the Mediterranean. As Captain PEEIL only left Calcutta on the 18th of August, he might arrive to the aid of General EAvELocx about the middle of this month, but scarcely earlier. The 5th and D0th Regiments were on their way up the river, but at Calcutta there was much anxiety as to the prospect of their arrival in time for the relief of Lucknow. Elsewliere there appears to be more confidence felt as to the shtength and resources of the garrison there. At Bombay, where reinforcements were becoming as important as at Calcutta, the remainder of the 33d had arrived from Mauritius, and a company of European Artillery from Bushire. From that Presidency, therefore, we hear no more of the misgivings felt some weeks since, and the authorities seem to meet conspiracy, disobedience, and symptoms of disaffection with a decision evidently suggested by the sense of security, and as evidently successful. Central India is reported quiet. On the whole, then, we confidently trust that though the mutiny rages with little check within its original ground, it is not successful in its efforts to spread, and must now be every day contracted within a narrower and still narrower circle.
The houise of RUSSELL holds a high place azmong the aristocratic families of England. Having in the person of one of its members been thought to merit well of its country, it has been rewarded by at least as much applause as it deserved ; and an eminent politician has in the present generation revived and increased its historical lustre. The Duke of BE1)FOI D is a highly respectable nobleman, a liberal landlord, and a distinguished agricultural improver. Mr. ARTvILR RUSSELL is a gentleman of unblemished character, personally popular, we believe, in the circle of his acquaintance, and familiar with the routine of public business through the experience which he acquired as private secretary to his uncle. FinaUy, the constitaency of Tavistock is sufficiently intelligent to appreciate all these accumulated claims to its respect and eonfidence. The electors habituaUy believe in the greatness of Woburn; they show a proper deference to the Duke of BEDFOLD, and they have just selected Mr. ARTnUR RUSSELL as their representative in the Eouse of Commons. It is pleasant to find in actual life an illustration of the harmony which feminine novelists always delight to represent as prevailing among the patriarchal nobleman, his attached dependents, and the fascinating hope of the family. Even the obtrusive Nonconformist who attempts to disturb the happy scene is half converted by the pervading atmosphere of peace and goodwill. Mr. MrALL goes out of his way to compliment his opponents on the tolerant exercise of their irresistible strength. The illusion would have been perfect if the patron of Tavistock could have contented himself with the universal recognition of his power, his greatness, and his goodness; but the Duke of BEDFORD expects the electors of his borough to thank him for nominating their repre- sertative as well as to accept the nomination. Mr. MIALL had ventured to suggest that Mr. ARTHUR RUSSELL'S success was, on the whole, attributable to family influence. The Duke replies that " he cannot admit that the circumstance of his "possessing property and a stake in the welfare "of a county or borough is virtually to disqualify "any member of his family from offering himself "to the choice of the electors,"-" a doctrine," he adds, " that would lead to the arbitrary exciu" aion of one class only, and be absolutely incom" patible -with true liberty." There is an admirable simplicity in the designation of the RussELL family as " a class." It would be unjust to exclude from the representation of Tavistock the RussaLL class of the cornmunity, and to admit the remaining class, which includes the entire population of the UnitedKingdom. Poor Mr. MIALL had, after all, only ventured to doubt whether his own clasm was allowed an equal chance of success. It cannot be said that the constituency has been guilty of the illiberal onesidedness which the Duke so strongly deprecates. The "one class" has not been arbitrarily excluded. Lord Jous RussELL himself took refuge at Tavistock after his rejection by the county. The Hon. E. RussEL was succeeded by bMr. ByNC, and Mr. AitRTui RUSSELL keeps up the succession. As Lord JoHn himself remarked in 1834, " I hope there may always be found one of "our family deserving of the confidence of the "electors," it seems highly probable that until a new Reform Bill deranges the present representative system some qualified candidate will always be found within the limits of the Woburn connexion. Generals have for the most part nephews who deserve appointments on the Staff. The sons and sons-in-law of Bishops earn livings and stalls by their merits. The class which is arbitrarily excluded from promotion in Church and State is the class which is not related to the dispensers of patronage. The boroughmongers of thirty years ago naturally defended themselves by all the arguments which they could discover against the incessant attacks of their adversaries. They talked of ancient institutions, of virtual representation, of the advantages of bringing forward young men of genius or of promise. Of peerages and revenues extorted from Ministers by suggestions such as the celebrated "We are seven," the defenders of the existing system prudently said as little as possible. T'he best excuse for the weakness of their arguments was to be found in the fact that the controversy was forced upon them. The patrons of the nomination boroughs which remain are under no similar compulsion; and if they are wise they will not provoke investigation into the nature of their privileges. The anomaly is not sufficiently extensive to cause general dissatisfaction; but in theory it is scarcely to be defended. The country rather forgets than approves the peculiar position of Tavistock, of Calne, of Wilton, of Ludlow, of Richmond, and of half-a-dozen similar appendages of favoured arikdocratic families. Even the more impatient Reformers are satisfied with the conviction that individual patronage is doomed to speedy extinction. The owners of boroughs have, since 1832, carefully deprived themselves of any pretext for the lengthened continuance of theic privileges. The seats which might have provided a refuge for statesmen or a step to rising ability have with few exceptions been conferred on obscure cadets, when the heir was not tooe indolent to represent the paternal county. Nothing would have been easier than to show that aristocratic nominees surpassed the representatives of popula-r constituencies in Parliamentary qualifications. It is, on the whole, not to be regretted that the opportunity was thrown away. The future withdrawal of an invidious privilege will satisfy the popular sense of justice without exciting the regret of the most cautious political theorist. The estimable Duke of BEDFORD wil have disfranchised Tavistock by his determination to render the representation hereditary in his family. Even the loyal electors of the borough will be disposed to renounce their nominal privilege when they find that they are expected to carry on the fiction beyond its legitimate range on the hustings. It is too much to be called upon in cold blood to acknowledge that the choice of Mr. Russ=EL was " a free expression of opinion, unfettered by the " exercise of landlord influence." The Government extorts no such paradox from a Dean and Chapter in addition to the return which follows a con3e d'Elire. It is said, however, that in the Russian army a soldier, after receiving punishment, is forced to return formal thanks to his officer. Whenever a new Reform Bill is introduced, Lord JoHN RUSSELL will, either as its proposer or as its critic, take the most prominent part in its discussion. Any one who may then chance to remember the Tavistock correspondence will watch 'with amused curiosity the mode in which the great Reformer will deal with the question of small constituencies and of family influence. The noniination boroughs will probably be abandoned as indefensible, but not without some expression of regret. It will probably be recorded to the honour of the Tavistock burgesses that they invariably returned a representative favourable to civil and religious liberty. The repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts, Catholic Emancipation, Reform, Free Trade, and liberalism in general, will be enumerated as proofs of the public spirit and independence of electors whose aspirations always coincided with the politics of Woburn. It is, in fact, perfectly true that good measures would have been, to the extent of a vote, less secure if the Duke of BEDFORD had happened to be a Tory, or if his Devonshire estates had belonged to a different proprietor; but the predominance of Whig doctrines in nomination boroughs is at best a happy accident. Although direct electoral patronage is likely soon to become extinct, great landed proprietors have every reason to be satisfied with their own prospects of political influence. It would be difficult to devise a representative system which would render the RUSSELLS powerless in Bedfordshire, the BERKExLYS in Glocestershire, or the CLIvEs and mxrenRTs in Shropshire. The landed gentry know that their own share of power is best secured when they rally round their accustomed chiefs; and even malcontents who from time to time dispute the supremacy of the landlords generally contrive to fight the battle under the leadership of some aristocratic rival. England -will loDg continue to be the paradise of wealth combined with rank; but the favourites of fortune ought in prudence to abstain from attributing their success to their own personal merits. Boy captains in the Guards may be satisfied with their precedence overunconnected veterans without boasting that they are superior to their competitors in courage or in military skill. The nominee of a Duke provokes opposition when he affects to hold his position by the free choice of the people. It 'would be impossible for any nobleman to misapprehend his relation to his dependents with more modesty and gracious tolerance than are exhibited by the Duke of BEDFORD; but if other patrons of boroughs make similar claims on the credulity of the electors, it is not impossible tbat they may meet with opponents less profoundly .deferential than Mr. ARTHuIt RussEL'S defeated opponent.
Even at the crisis of this Indiau conflict we may venture to recaU attention to the Turldsh empire and ita capitaL The public may, perhaps, not feel much interest in the news that tbe recent regulations respecting the Consulate-General at Constantinople have been carried into effect, and that a new functionary has been appointed, with the title of Chief Judge and a salary of 2,0001. a-year. But the event is a noticeable one nevertheless, and the Government deserves credit for Ihaving taken advantage of late events to adapt the old system more completely to the wants of the future. It has often been explained how the various nations of Europe regulate their own concerns in the Frankish quarter of Constantinople and throughthe chief towns of the empire. England, Prance, Austria, and Russia have been for generations represented by Ambassadors in whom extraordinary power has centred. Not only have they been the diplomatic delegates of their respective States, but they have been armed with an authority over their own oountrymen such as no Minister has exercised elsewhere. The Sultans were til within the present reign merely the semi-barbarous potentates of an Oriental monarchy. It is but a few years since Turkey was as completely out of the European system as Persia is now, and the merchants or travelers who visited the East were obliged to adopt many precautions and to provide themselves with strong protection if they would remain inpeace. The Powers of Europe which were chiefly concerned obtained from time to time special concessions as to the immunity of their subjects from Mahomedan tribunals. The SULTkNS had no objection to allow foreigners who brought trade to the country to be governed by their own usages, and went so far as to allow Europeans who coimmitted an offence, or who had a pecuniary dispute with a Turkish subject, to refer the cause to their own representatives. Hence each Embassy, with its subordinate Consulates, has been a lind of independent power, exercising authority over the subjects of the State which commissioned it. The English Consuls have, for instance, had primary jurisdiction, and an appeal has lain to the Ambassador. For more than a century this plan has proved sufficient for the purposes of justice, and our countrymen have been generally satisfied. But it will be evident that the great change whichrecent events have wrought required a revisior. of our Consular system. France has of late years striven to raise the character of the men who represent her in the East. The French Consul is now an educated man, chosen for address, knowledge of the country, and knowledge of the law which he rmust aid in administering. He receives a good salary, is forbidden to trade, and belongs to a service which is as elaborately organized as the diplomatic or the military. The English Consuls have been, on the other hand, often merety traders in the city to -which they are appointed, and, though we believe generaUy active and honest, have not the spirit, the ability, and the ambition of the French officials, who are regularly promoted, and may aspire to positions of high importance. The influence of France throughout Turkey has been in no low degree owing to the energy of this band of agents, and many a complaint has been of late heard to the effect that English interests, both public and private, might be better served were the Consuls selected more ably, paid more highly, and forced to conform to more exact regulations. In the reforms just announced we see the first fruits of that searchirg criticism to which our relations in the East were subjected during the war. The Consulate-General at Constantinople is the chief establishment we possess in the East. In its court have been tried the principal causes in which British subjects have been interested. And yet neither the Consul-General nor any of his subordinates has been chosen for knowledge of the law. Appeals to the Eabassy have been incessant, and the Ambassador, though not in general willing to delegate his powers to others, has been often forced to seek the assistance of chance visitors learned in the law to decide a knotty point about conitract or insurance. The change now made is as follows:_ All judicial authority hitherto vested in the Consul-General is taken away; a Consular Court is established, presided over by a SupremeJudge. "The Supreme Judge," says our correspondent, " will decide, with or without assessors "selected by himself, in all civil cases, and in all " criminal cases which do not amouDt to more than "a misdemeanour. In aU criminal cases of a higher "order, but which do not amount to a capital "offence, judgment will be given on the verdict of "a jury of six persons. Capital offences will be tried "as before in Malta, Corfu, or England. The Con"sular Court will decide all appeals from the deci"sions of the Consuls at the outports. The right of deciding appeals, hitherto exercised by HaR "MsAisrT s Ambassador, will no longer exist; and "appeals from the Consular Court will be to the "Privy Council." Such is the scheme which has just been inaugurated. A lawyer of good reputation has been appointed to the post of Supreme Judge. It is impossible not to approve this great step towards an efficient administration of our law in Turkey. We believe that as yet there is little conception of the interests which in a few years will spring up in this long neglected region of the globe. Already the number of English residents and traders has largely increased, and although the extension of enterprise elsewhere and the consequent high price of money have kept back the schemes for the material improvement of the country, yet before long we have no doubt that roads, railways, and telegraphs Will develope its great resources. W'hen the Danubian provinces are settled, we may expect that their rich soil will supply us with corn at a less price than the WVestern States of America. The Danube is now free from the grasp of Russia during the whole length of its course. Slowly but surely oppression and exaction are passing away in the more accessible districts of the empire. Pashas and their subordinates are now 4raid to indulge in the excesses of former times, and with a better Consular system and an energetic I representative in the capital, the British Govern- ment may make each remote satrap feel that his evil doings cau be easily detected and denounced before the Central Government to his own certain destruction. In OfER PASIIA the province of Bagdad has an energetic chief, who, it is to be hoped, will free the country from marauding tribes, and give the partisans of the Euphrates route the opportunity of showing whether their calculations are on a sound basis. The west coast of Asia 31inor and the whole of Syria are said to be making progress in agriculture, which roads, r.nd security to travel on them, will rapidly dev lope. In fact, the whole empire, placed as it is botween us and our most important dependencies, must soon feel the irnpulse of European activity. That there may be every indueement for Englishmen to take advantage of the prospects opened to them, a competent tribumal has been established, which will protect the rights of every merchant or settler. It is no small matter that throughout the great empire where the battle of improvement is to be fought against internal apathy and foreign aggression, the Englishman who is to bear a part in the struggle will find himself supported by those jnst and equal laws to which the prosperity of his own country is in great measure owing.
INDI-A. (BY SUBUMARNE AND BRITISH TELEGRAPH.) The following despatch, received through Cagliari, is from our correspondent at Maltas- "ALEX ANDRIA, SPT. 23. "The Pottinger, from Bombay, reached Suez last night, with intelligence to the 31st of August. "General Havelock's force made a second advance towards Lucknow on the 4th of August, but was again obliged to fall back. " There have been two more engagements vith the rebels, in each of which the latter lost their gum. " General Havelock returned to Cawnpore on the 13th. " The latest advices from Delhi are to the 12th of August. " The insurgents continue to suffer defeat in every encounter with our troops. " General Nicholson has reached the camp. His column had arrived within one day's march of Delhi. I " At Agra on the 7th of August all remained quiet. " There is no intelligence from Lucknow, but the garrison is believed still to be safe. " General Lloyd has been suspended, and is to be brought to triaL " The Maharajah Ghol&b Singh died on the 2d of August. " The 26th Native Infantry mutinied at Meean Meer, and murdered their commanding officer, MIajor Spencer. The mutineers had fled, but were intercepted and completely cut up. "The mutiny in the 27th Bombay Infantry has been entirely suppressed. Only 200 men of the regiment had revolted, but another, being stationed at Rutnagherry, has been disarmed. " The 12th Bombay Native Infantry have been disarmed at Nusseerabad in consequence of their insubordination, and of the threatening attitade they assumed while endeavouring to protect a trooper of the 1st Lancers, who had openly incited his comrades to mutiny. They did not proceed to active violence. " Martial law has been proclaimed at Belgaurn, and several Mahomedans, who have been convicted of treason, have been executed. " A plot to attack the 2d Europeans on their i arrival at Belgaum has been discovered. The traitors were arrested and executed at Mount Aboo. " Fifty men of the Joudpore Legion mutinied on the 21st of August. They were driven away and had retreated towards Erinpoora. " Central India continues tranquil. "The Hon. J, P. Grant has been appointed Lieutenant-Governor at Allahabad. "The 8th Mladras Cavalry, on their refusal to proceed to Bengal, had been disarmed. "A company of European Artillery had arrived at Bombay from Busbire. " The Banks have lowered their rate of interest, but there is no improvement iu Government securities. " The import market ahows signs of improvement. "Exchange, 2s. 1id. to 2s. Ijd. " Cagliari, Sept. 27." We have received the following telegram from Trieste, forwarded by our own correspondent ITRIESTE, MoN-AY, SEPT. 28. "The steamer Bombay arrived here this morning at 10 45 a.m. in 119 hours from Alexandria, which port she left on the 23d of September. "The India and China mails left Alexandria on that day, with dates from Calcutta to the 24th of August; MIadras, 28th of August; Ceylon, 1st of September; Hongkong, 8th of August; and Shanghal, 30th of July. "G General Nicholson's column N'.-m tojoin General Wilson's forces on the 13th of August. " General Havelock returned to Cawnpore on the 13th of August. " The 8th Regiment MIadras Cavalry, having refused to proceed on service to Calcutta, have been disarmed. " A portion of the 12th Regiment Bombay Native Infantry has been disarmed. "A portion of the Joudpore Legion had mutinied at Mount Aboo. " The native artillery at Duandum has been disarmed. " Lord Elgin was to leave Calcutta for Chlna on the 25th of September. " Exchange at Bombay, 2s. 13d. "At Calcutta the market remainedcunchanged. Government securities have again faUen. "Freights have declined. "Exchange, 2s. 2,d. to 2s. 21d. CHINA. "The Nereus and AMoorsforth ;had arrived at Hongkong wi'il about 500 gunners, who were to be despatched to Calcutta. A declaration of the blockade of the Canton river was issued by Admiral Seymour on the 4th of August. "Exchange at Hongkong, 5s. "At Shanghai a large business has been done in imports. "Silk was firm. "Exchange, 6s. lOd. to 7s. "The prices of tea have advanced both ah Shanghai and at Amoy." (The following appeared in our third oditlon of ys terday:-] Wo have just received the following telegram from the Foreign Office:- " CAGLIAnRL "REAR-ADMIRAxL AT MAlTA TO THE SECRETARY OF Tmx ADxIRA.LTY, Lozsnov. (" Received at the Foreign-office, through the Admiralty, Sept. 28, 1S57, at 12.45 p.m.) " SEPT. 23, 6 P.M. "The Pottinger arrived at Suez yesterday, with dates from Bombay, 31st of August; Aden, 11th of September. "The latest dates from Delhi the 12th of August, when that city was etil in possession of the rebels; but an attack was expected to be made shortly, as General Nicholson was within a day's march with considerable reinforements. " General Havelock's force has retired towatds Cawnpore, being unable to reach Luckuow. "A second advance was made on the 4th of August. " The General was again obliged to wait for re- inforements. "During these movements several actionA we I I I I I I fought with the enemy, who were invariably d*j feated, and lost many guns. " The 26th Native Infatry mutinied at Ishoe on the 20th of July, and murdered the commanding officer, bMajor Spencer; but the mutineers wer totally destroyed.* "Mah-ajah Gholab Singh clied at Cashmere on the 2d of August. "The 12th Bombay Native Infantry at Nug. seerabad have been disarmed, as the men exhiblteW symptoms of disaffection. "Most of the remaining regiments of the Bengal army have been disarmed. " The 8th Madras Cavalry refused to prooeed ta Bengal, and was immediately diurmed. " The mutiny in the 27th Bombay Native In. fantry at Kolapore has been suppred. " The remainder of Her Majesty's 33d Regiment has arnved at Bombay from Mauritius. "Central India is tranquil, all being reported quiet at Nagoda, Saugor, and Jubbulpore. " A part of Joudpore Legion has mutinied at Mount Aboo, but no mischief was done at the station. " This intelligence, received from Acting Consuls General Green, at Alexandria, dated the 20th inst., for the Earl of Clarendon. (Signed). " IL STOPPORD, Rear-AdmiraL "Cagliari, 27th September, 7 50 a.m. (Signed) of Consul CRAIG." The following telegram was received at the Foreign-office September 28, 6 25 p.m., from tha British Vice-Consul at Trieste, September 28, 1115 ; "ALEXANDEIA,, SEPT. 23. "The Bengal reached Suez on the 21st inst., with dates from Calcutta August 23; Madras, August 29; Galle, September 2; Aden, Septem. ber 14. " The dates from the North-West Provinces are the same as those already received tq4 Bombay. "Great anxietY is felt as to the fate of Lucknov, where a thousand Europeans, a large proportion of whom are women and children, are blockaded by the rebels under Nena Sahib. " The 5th and 90th Regiments were on their way up the river to reinforce General Havelock's Division, but it is doubtful whether the garrison of Lucknow has provisions to enable it to hold out. " Lord Elgin has made over the Shannon and the Pearl to the Indian Government, and was about to return to China in the Ava cbartered steamer. " Captain Peel, with 400 seamen and ten 68-pounders, left Calcutta in a steamer towing flats, on the 18th of Augnst, for Allahabad. " The dates from Hongkong are to the 10th of August. " On the 3d of AuguSt declared the river and port of Canton to be placed in a state of strict blockade. " Five hundred gunners and drivers of the Royal Artillery, arrived by troopships Nereus and Moorsforth, were to leave Hongkong for Calcutta in Her Majesty's ship Sampson on the 12th of August. (Signed) *JO GRE . (Signed) " RAVEN." This intelligence wa8 received by the l1st mail.
COURT CIRCULARL B&LMIORAL, SXPT. 27. Her Majety the Queen, accompiLLied by their Roval Highneese5 the Princess Helena and Prince Arthur, and attended by Lady Churchill, drove out yesterday efternoon. The Prince Consort, acoompanied by Prince Alfred, went out deer stalking. Earl Granville has left B,lmoraL i Despatches were received at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governorof Bermuda.
THE WAR IN INDIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to ask through your columns, on behalf of many an aching heart, why those who die for their Queen and country before the walls of Delhi should be passed over by the Government in utter silence ? In the Crimean War the name of every privato lwho was killed or wounded was most properly recorded ; and much honest pride and kindly feeling to the upper class has that fact carried to tho humble hearths of England bhut at Delhi not one naune of even a commissioned officer is given. I have there lost a boy who was thanked for his conduct by his noble-hearted commanding officer on tho field of battle, and yet his death is to be as unnoticed as if he had done some dishonest deed, and the ies3 said about himi the better. I admit the state of India to be such that Government may be afraid to publish lists from many places for fear of giving wrong names; but this cannot posibly apply to Delh), for thence they must have received official returns which, as the army is stationary, ought to be more correc; than they can be when an advance or a rotreat follows close upon an action. Nor Is it only those who have lost their dearest and best who ask for this sad, sad consolation; for, unless I am much mistaken in my countrymen, all desire to k-now the name5 of thos wlho havo died fighting for the women anLd childrea of the nation in this holy war. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. AN OLD SOLDIER.
THE MILITIA. TO THE EDITOR4 OF THE TIMM,S. Slr,-You did me the honour some time ago to insert my remarks with regard to the mauner in which " appointmente of offloers" are made in militia regimentr& I stated that theso corps were more matters of privite property, and that, however zealous, offloers were by no means oertain of fair T>romotion. 'I1 You aDvow me space to quote an instance in a regiment ot militia not 50 milea trom this pl ? A eaptaiu who ba just retired from the line has been plaoed as major over tho heads of all the captains, four of whom are army men. I need make no further comment, but loavo this matter in your hsIda. I *m, Sir, sour obedient -evant A MILITIA OFFICER. Yotk, sept. 26.
TO THB EDITOR OF THE TIME& Sir,-Under the head of 'Ireland" and " Sepoy Atrocities' in your paper of yesterday, the 26th, Iread tho horrid massacre of br3. FATquharson. I shall feel obliged by your contradicting the whole story My lhte brother, Colonel Farquharson, of the 7th Fcsi. leers, died in April, 1S56, and his wife some sars pre viously. The lAdy alluded to in this paragraph ts the wife of another brother, and she is re8idiDg on the continent; only yesterday I recetvod a letter fro u her. I am, Sir, yours re"rectfnllt x,, , ,,, f. .- W._FARQUHA&ON. sx. tLWfl.UUUM3 'niunrcaaeam seo0, ;". [The statement wM quoted from the Dujlin EvciniD. rov] __ __ _
The Chancelor of the Excheqner acknowledges the receipt of 41. 10s. from " M.hLP." on account of unclaimed income-tax. THE MnITZERRANxAN TRLRGRAPH.-LIVXRPOOL, MondAy.-The steam-tug Ble,er, of 150-horse power, beloeg. iDg to the Liverpool SteAmD Tug Comrlpany, has been selecttd to assst ini laying the telegraph cable betweren Cagliari, Ma^lta, and Corfn, and is at p resent receiving cn board, frro,. the wvorks of hlessrs. Ne'vall, Birkenhead, about 30 tDns of the cable, with which she will sail next weelc. Th~ N,ser is weU adapted for this work, haviDg stowage w eWf z Z acna.& for 12 days' steaming.
SECOND EDITION. T-IPU TIAM SS-OPPIOB, Tuesday, 10.30 a.m. INDIA. ADDITIONAL PARTICULARS The following telegram was received at the Foreign-office from the British Viice-Consul at 'rieste, September 29, 2 10 a.m.:- " (!roam Calcutta, 23d August, 1857.) '4 Fnox G. P. EDmONSTONz, ESQ., SEUPETARY TO THF GovEFsxENTr oF LNDIA, TO TuE HlON. SECREr COLMI TrEF, " Gm{NzAsa HAVKLOCK's COLUMN.-General Haveiock, after pushing on half-way to Lucknow, and defeating the insurgents two or three times in the -Oude province, was compelled, by the weakness of his force, reduced by exposure, fatigue, sickness, .and constant fighting, to withdraw to Mungutwar, zix miles from the Ganges, and ultimately on the 13th August, to recross with all his force to Cawn,pore, where he now is, Bithoor haring been mean-while re-occupied by mutineers from Saugor and others, numbering about 4,000, with five guns. General Havelock attacked it on the 16th, and car,ried the position, capturing two guns. His force is reduced to 900 men, who are worn out with fatigue and need repose, and he considers that to advance on Lucknow until reinforced would be to court anmihilation. Adequate reinforcements, it is feared, cannot reach him in less than ton days or a fortnight from tbe present time. Her Majesty's 5th and 60th China troops having been moreover here I detained below, in conse(luence of the disturbances in Beshar. "No news later than 22d ultimo from Lucknow, '-but by more recent native account the garrison were holding out well, and it is believed that they have managed to lay additional provisions. "General Havelock expects to be attacked simul -taneously by the Muds (Oades) insurgents from the left bank of the river, as well as from the side -of Futtehpore, where boats were collecting, and from the direction of CaUpee, where GCwalior mutineers, strong in artillery, threatened to cross and form a junction with the Oude rebels. A steamer has been eent down by the General to destroy the boats at Futtehpore, but his force is -too weak to oppose the passage of the WYumna .'Jumna), at CaUlpee. The Oude people are making 1 aggressions on our villages to the north of the I Ganges, and it is feared that communication between Allahabad and Benares may be interrupted. "Delhi is still in the hands of the insurgents. "Our accounts extend to the 8th of August. " There appears to have been severe fighting on the 30th of July. The 1st and 2d instant, when the enemy, reinforced by the troops from iNeemuch, attempted to carry our position, they were repulsed as usual: their loss is said to have exceeded 3,000 men, including 900 of the Neemuch force, who did -not return to the city after the failure on the 1st,. and they are reported to be really dispirited. Oni the 8th their powder manufactory in the city was blown up by a shell, and about 500 artificers are believed to have been destroyed, together with a large -quantity of sulphur and saltpetre. "They have been for some timae short of English .*powder and of fuses, and the supply of gun caps is said to be failing; they daily manufacture powder of inferior quality. The Kumagn Battalion of -Goorkhas reached Delhi with treasure, ammunition, and stores, on the 1st, and a reinforcement of 1,300) E:nropeans and 3,000 Punjaubees, from the Punjaub, was expected to arrive on the 15th. Retrograde movement is now not thought of, though at one -time it was talked of. No fighting since the 2d inst. "AGRA, &c. " New s from Agra received up to the 11th inst. All wel]l' iu the fort and plenty of provisionsGarrison consists of 3d European Regiment and a European battery, both very weak, The wbole -Chriatian population is within the fort. Relief from the eastward urgently called for. There is a want -of funds. " Allyghur occupied by an agent of the King of Delhi. Goruckpore has been abandoned by the civil officers, with the whole of the Coorka force. They were ordered on the 11th to hold both Goruckpore and Azimghur if possible, otherv:ise to brino -the whole force to Azimghur and hold it, instead of moving on Allahabad, as they intended. "NATIVE STATES IN CENTTRAL INDIA- BUNDLECUND, RAJPOOTANA, &c. "Colonel Durand, the officiating agent, was last heard of on the 3d inst. IHolkar is believed to be quite loyal, though appearances were against him. -Of Scindia we have no trustworthy information ilt is certain that he has taken the Regiment of the -Gwalior Contingent into his pay, but with what pur-pose we do not yet knew. At Chore, in the Bhopal State, the Bbopal Contingent is reported to have seized some guns a4* a howitzer, and to have raised -the Mahomedan standard. Amjchra Rajah revolted, -and took possession of Mehidpore; he has been par- -tially coerced by Holkar. " I The chief of J habooa has behaved well in pro- tecting Captain Hutchinson, the Bheel agenit, and| .the other Europeans. He has been thank'ed. The Rajah of Rewah is thoroughly true, and is aiding us in every way. " The Punnah chief and others of Bundlecund -are believed to be loyal. The conduct of the Jyepore and Bhurtpore Sirdars is reported by the Lieutemant-Governor to have been very questioinable. All the other native states in Rajpootiana were all right, and Ajmere quiet on the 31st ultimo. "BENGAL AYD BE IAR. "MajorEyre, with 3guns and about150Europeans, defeated the rebels under Rover Sing on the 12th inst., and relieved the Europeans, who had been for -some days besieged in a small house at Arrah, and with the aid of 50 Soikhs had gaUantly defended themselves. Rover Sing has fled over the hill 1towards Rohtas. On the 19th he was at Akburtore Eteas Rohasgurh: his brother Amur Sing was ia the hills flanking the grand trunk road, and in its nelghbourhood there is insecurity, consequently all -quiet, however, between Benares and Sherghotty. Seven ]acs of treasure at Gya have been brought into C'alcutta by the collector, Mr. Alonzo MAoney, -with the aim of a few Europeans and about 100 Sikh soldiers. " The stations of Chupra, Chumparun, and MoZufferpore, which the civil officers had abandoned by -order of MWr. Taylor, the Commissioner, have been -reoccupied, and tranquillity may soon be restored. Since the last mail left the 5th Irregular Cavalry in -the Santhal district are en route to Arrah; it is known where they noware. A party of the Dinapore anutineers has been heard of about 18 miles south-west of 31urzapore, as making for the Jumna some-where about Callpee, with the intention probably of joining the Gwalior mutineers, and ultimately the Oade imurgents. " Some Rewah troops-750 infantry, 300 cavalry, -and four guns, had been detached by political agent to intercept them if possible, either at the Sohages -Ghut of the Jonse or at Soree. Inl the direction of Allababad, the Ruttra Pass was defended, and it iB aoped4 that by one force or the other they may be .attacked and dispersed." "Lord Clarendon's message, dated 13th July, to 'Consul at Marseilles, and Sir C. Wood's, dated 14th -o Consul at Cagliari, received. " Upwards of 400 seameu and marinee azld 20 fflicers of Hler MIajesty's fiigates Shannon and Pearl have been foimed irnto a naval brigade, and detached to the Upper Provinces. The brigade is furnished with 10 60-pounders, and two or three field pieces, taken from the above vessels. All left Calcutta on the 18th inst. by steamer. " All quiet at Nappore and Hyderabad. By latest accounts the Punjaub quite tranquil. The 14th Native Infantry at aelym, who refused to give up their arms, destroyed. The 46th Native Infantry and wing of the 'th Cavalry mutinied at Sealkote, and kieled three or four ofPicers, the majority finding shelter in the fort. The mautineers were attacked by Brigadier Nicholson on the 12th, and again on the 16th, and hardly any escaped. Their spoil fell into our hands. " The revenue in the Punjaub has been paid to the last farthing, and the most loyal spirit prevails not only among the Sikh soldiery but the population generally. The only apprehension is a failure of funds. At the end of September or October the Government will give its attention to this; meanwhile the local authorities have invited advances on loan for one year at 6 per cent.,-result not yet |reported. r r G. F. EDMONSTONE, " Secretary to the Governmnent of Indis, Raven. "Trieste, 11.40 a.m., Mlonday." The following telegram was received at the Foreign-office, from the British Vice-Consul at Trieste, September 29, 2.45 a.m.:- " DELHI. "The mutineers made great preparations for an attack on the 31st of July, the eve of the Bnkree red festival, but nothing occurred beyond some desultory skirmishing. On the evening of August 1st they attacked the right of the British position, and maintained the contest through the night, and up to the afternoon of August 2d. Our loss wa3 very slight-10 killed and 36 wounded-the men being kept well under cover. Captain Fravers, 32d Native Infantry, serving -with Lokos .ifies, was killed. " On the 6th of August the enemy's cavalry, supported by artiDery, attacked the Metcalfe House picket, but not in any force. Lieutenant Brown, 33d Nlative Infantry, attached to the Kuumaon battalion, was killed; Lieutenant Venion, artillery, and Lieutenant Temple, Kumaon battalion, wounded. "' On the 7th of August, skirmishing, with cannonades at intervals. A powder magazine of the enemy exploded this day, with a loSS, it is rumoured, of 600 lives. " On the 8th of August, a battery, constructed by the mutineers to infilade our guns, was destroyed. Skirmishing was kept up for during that and the next three days. Our troops suffered very little. "s On the 12th, guns established outside Cashmere Gate were attacked by a force under Brigadier Showers, and, after a sharp conte3tjltaken. They consisteed of one 24-pounder howitzer, two seven and one six-pounder. Our loss was severe, 112 killed and wounded. Among the wounded were the following officers:-Lieutenant Sheradff, 2d Fusiliers, dangerously; Brigadier Showers, Major Coke, severely ; Lieutenant Lindsay, Hore Artillery; Lieutenant Mansell, Engineers; Captain Greville, 1st Fusiliers ; Lieutenant Owen, 1at Fusiliers; Lieutenant Jones, 70th N.I., slightly. " Brigadier-General Nicholson arrived in camp on the 8th of August, in advance of his force. His troops were expected on the 13th, and all would arrive by the 15th, on which date the army before. Delhi would number about 11,000 men. Further reinforcements, it is computed, would, early in September, increase our numbers to 15,000 men. It is generally expected that the assault on the city will take place on the 20th August. "' The King is reported to be 8ending his Zenana to Rhotuck. " AGRA. "Al well at Agra, Cawnpore,and Lucknow. The greatest anxiety is felt regardingLucknow. General Hlavelock after crossing the Ganges defeated the enemy at Oonor on the 30th of July. On the 31st he attacked the enemy in a very strong position in the town of Busserat Gunje, and again defeated them with great slaughter, and took all their guns. His own loss was 88 kiUed and wounded. He then retired on the Ganges, his small force being burdened with sick and wounded, and with the captured artiUery. On the 5th of August he again advanced towards Lucknow, and gained two more victories, On the 5th and on the 12th; he then found the enemy strongly entrenched in their positions, and numbering 50,000 men. Finding it impossible to cut his way to Lucknow, in the face of such a force, General Havelock was cornpelled to retire to Cawnpore and to wait for reinforcements. In the nieantime the position of the galant garrison of Lucknow is most precarious. Major Banks, who has acted as Commissioner since Sir H- Lawrence's deatb, has fallen; but the date of the melancholy occurrence is not stated. "The facts above statedaredrawn from newspapers and private letters, but they are believed to be aubstantially correct. No official account has yet been published. " BENGAL. "A party of the Berapore mutineers has besieged Arrah, and a detachment of H.M.'s 37th Regiment advancing to relieve that place was drawn into an ambuscade and suffered very severely. Arrah has since been relieved by a force under Major Eyre. " BEBRAMPORE. "The 63d Native Infantry and l1th Irregulars were disarmed 1st August. "CALCUTTA. "The mutineers in Lower Bengal have again caused great alarm in Calcutta. The Governor General's Body Guard has been disarmed. Apprehensions are entertained of a rising at the Mohurrum Festival, but careful precautionary measures have been afdopted. Lord Elgin has arrived in Calcutta, and the Hon. J. P. Grant has been appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Allahabad, and Sir James Outram to the command of the troops in the Patna and Cawnpore districts. " PUNJAUB. "The 26th Regiment, which mutinied at Meeat Meere, has been almost entirely destroyed. All remains quiet in the Punjaub and at Sutby States up to August 14. G eneral Cortland has poessssion of Handi and Hissar. His Highness Maharajah Ghoolab Singh died on the 2d of August. "In Ajpoutara Sta3tes, Nusserabad, it had been found necessary to disarm 105 of the 12th Bombay Native Infantry, they having refused to obey their commanding officers on the occasion of a drunken trooper of the Lancers raizing an alarm that the European troops were about to raurder them. A court of inquiry is now investigating this affair. "Thereihas "NEE)IIJCH. There has been a disturbance at this place, of which the particulars are not fully known. Twenty. one troopers of the 2d Light Cavalry have deserted. " ABOO1. "The detachment of the Joudpore Legion, 50 men, at this place, have mutinied, and are supposed to have joined the Thakoor of Rowa, an outlawed ebief, who is plundering villages and stealing cattle in the Serol country Mhow, and the Bhopol con. tingent has mutinied at Sehgre. " Colonel Burard reports the whole of Weatern Mahwa to be in a very disturbed state, and that a large body of men are collected at Mundisore. "EIOMBAY-GUTZERAT. "With the exception of symptoms of disloyalty, immediately vappressed, the territory of the Rajah of Mundisore, tranquiUity has been preserved in Guzerat. " KHOLAPORBE. "The mutiny in the 26th regiment has been sup pressed; 30 of the mutineers have been executed; others are undergoing their trial. " The head quarters of the regiment at Eholapore and the detachment at Rutnagherry, have been disarmed. The detachment of European troops thrown into Rutnagherry, Belga-am, Dasnear, and Sawunt Whamree, have preserved tra-iqui]lity in these districts. "At B3elgaum three men have been executed for treasonable practices, one of them a Sepoy in the 29th N.I. " in Bombay itself, the Mohurrum has passed off quietly. "MADRAS. "The 8th Madras Light Cavalry has been dis. arned, for refusing to proceed to BengaL " HYDERABAD. "All quiet at Hyderabad up to August S. Some apprehensions were entertained that the Chameasee Rajah of Sherapore was meditating rebellion, but arangements have been made for crushing him. (Signed) "H. A. ANDERSON, " Secretry to Government, Raven. "Bombay Castle, August 31, 1857."
AUSTRIA. (MOM OUR OWN CORRRSPO_N1-) VIE&NA, Smr. 25. The General Assembly of the Catholic Unions at Salzburg appears, when compared to the Evangelical Alliance at Berlin, to be a complete failure. There were not more than 100 delegates present, and the great majority of them represented Austrian provinces and cities. Vienna sent 9; Gratz, 9; the TyroJ, 9; Upper Austria, Th; Bavaria, 1; Salzburg, 13; and other Austrian towrns 14. German Rome, as Cologne is here called, sent 10 delegates. The only circumstance worthy of notice that took place at Salzburg while the representatives of the Oatholic -Unions were together is, that on the morning of the 22d inst. prayers were offered up that the whole of Gelmany might be reunitedZ in the Roman Catholic faith. The Ultramontane Vol1i,freund of to-day has an article on {he Evangelical Alliance, wvhich deserves the notice of the Protestant world. The organ of the Jesuits with great truth says that the Evangelieal Alliance is not at all dangerous to the Roman Catholic Church. " There is no positive tie," says the Volksfreund, "that unites the different Protestant sects apainst the Catholic Church, aud therefore they will never be able to undertike a general and regular campaign against it. The urion of the 80,000,000 Protestants is a magnificent idea which is not likely to be realized. If it is considered how numerous are the Protestant sects and how hostile they are towards eaoh otber, it will be seen that the 80,000,000 Pro. testants are not likely to obtain aay advantage orer the compact and well-disciplIned Romam Catholic Church." According to private advices from Cattaro considerable excitement prevails in Montenegro. The Prince seems perfectly indifferent to publc opinion, and acts as arbitrarily as if he had half a million of bayonets at his command. Not long since he condemned a member of the noble family of Zuza to death for some political offence; and a circumstance took place when the man was put to death that deserves mention. As a dog belonging to the deceased could not be induced to quit the place of execution, the inhuman executioner tied it to tne dead body, After a few days had elapsed the poor dog became so hungry that it began to devour the body of its former master.
f J2HBI.PBIAL MRBTINATS X UTZTGrBT. (POBEOr Ot SPECIAL CORrPONrT. i= fO1l wlug appeared in our second edliton of ye3Ied& I- STMTGART, SETr. 25. The Emperor Louis Napoleon arrived here this afternoon at a quarter to 5, after having kept aU Stuttgart on the tip-toes of expectation for a full hour and a half. The French Minister bere, as well as Count de Mlontessny, the French Mfinister at Frankfort, together with several of the Wurtenberg Ministers of Stte and Adjutants of the King, went out this morning by railway to Meet the Emperor at the frontier station of Bruchsal. During the forenoon, 'while all the world was talking and thinking exclusively of the French Emperor, the Russian Czar was driving about the town to pay visits to his relations in a simple barouch and a pair of horses, with his brother-in-law, the Prince Alexander of Hesse, seated at his right hand, artd by this contrivance he passed everywhere unrecognized by the people, Which is the more feasible as at a little distance his round fur cap can hardly be distinguished from the bearskin caps of the Wurtemberg feldjagers. The Emperor of Russia wsa received yesterday as one of the family at an insignificant railway station outside of the town, without any guard of honour or fuss of any sort being, made with him, the King,s private carriage even being used on the occasion; but the Emperor louis Napoleon has been received to-day at the terminus here in the town with all possible state a.d cereMony. Not only was the main station kept strictly reserved for the members of the Court, but also the street lesding from the station to the Palace was lined with infantry and Lancers; this latter regiment, very singularly, however, displayed at its head an Imperial eagle with the N, being a standard it took from troops under the command of the uncle in 1814, and was now paraded so judiciously before the eyes of the nephew in 1857. An eye-witness of the interesting ceremony that took place at the terminus enables me to inform your readers and future historians of the important fact that the Emperor Louis Napoleon, on alighting from the railway carriage, tmce embraced the King of Wurtemberg, who was waiting to receive him. This, doubtless, formed part of the French programme of the ceremonies, but it certainly would not have been introduced of his own accord by the King, who is an extremely cold, reserved, undemonstrative person. On this occasion all the members of the Royal family were present en grande te-nue, with state carriages and servants in gala liveries, but, unfortunately, as the carriages were not open, probably on account of the scorching heat and the dust, the carriages and the servants were all that the patient public got to see after two hours' waiting. The troops had hardly drawn off, after the cortge of carriages conveying the Emperor and his suite to the Palace had passed by, when a fd4jaiger rode rapidly through the gardens by the side of the Palace,and had hardly time to clear a space through the crowd when the Emperor of Russia drove up in a carriage and pair, with his brotherin-law, the Prince of Hesse, and followed by a single adjutant. My letter of yesterday has told you that the two Emperors would dine to-day with their respective boats separately, and meet for the first time this evening at the entertainment given by the Crown Prince, and it may be that this is true still; but if it be otherwise, and the Emperor of Russia has come to dine with the King and his Imperial guest, I should be disposed to believe, from the excellence of my authority for the former version, that His Russian Majesty has unexpectedly deviated from the arrangements that well-informed members of the Court believed yesterday to be still valid. It is possible also that the visit is oaly one of formal greeting and a mark of attention to the French Emperor; on the other hand, a much more surprising deviation from the intended programme, which I have been enabled already to announce to you by telegraph, consists in the approaching arival of the Empreas of Russia, which is now expected to take place to-morrow. It is also a novelty in the arrangements, that it sbould have been decided at length that the Prince of Prussia shall come hither to greet the Emperor Louis Napoleon in the name of the King, his brother, for it had hitherto been understood that he would pay his respects to the French Emperor, in his character of Military Governor of the Rhenish Provinces only, when the latter should touch upon Prussian te-ritory on his return homewards. The reasons that were hitherto supposed to have deterred the Empress of Russia from accompanyincg the Emperor hither wvere stated generally to be questions of etiquette-a phrase which says nothing of itself, and leaves everything to be guessed; at any rate, they were certainly not political, and, with reference to her husband's wishes and interests, not very politic. She was assumed to have taken it very much amiss that the Emperor Louis Napoleon should have decided to fix the meeting to take place at Stuttgart, rather than at the Court of her brother, the Grand Duke of Hesse, with whom she has been staying, hitherto. She was also supposed to object to meeting two persons who make so little scruple of admitting that they are parvenu-s as the Emperor and Empress of the French do.; Those still closer initiated in the intimate gossip of the Grand-Ducal Court of Hesse ascribed her un:willingness to accompany the Emperor to other causes. Whichever, if any of them, may have been the correct reason, her scruples have at length been overeome, and she is to arrive to-morrow. The Queen of the Netherlands (daughter of the King of Wartomberg by his first wife), with her son, Prince Alexander, Prince Augustus of Wurtemberg, who has just received the command of the Third Prussian Army Corps, and the Grand-Duchess Helena, the sister of Prince Frederick of Wurtemberg, have arrived here on a visit to this Court, together with many smaller personages. Prince Gortschakoff, wvho accompanied the Emperor hither yesterday, has had apartments assigued him :n the King's old Palace. Count Nesselrode and Count Kisseleff have been obliged to put up with ordinary hotel accommodation, for the Crown Prince's villa at Berg, where the Emperor is staying, Is much too small to house any more than those who belong to the immediate family circle. In consequence of the Empress's approaching arrival, as it is understood, the ball that was to have been given to-night by the Minister of Foreign Affairs in honour of the distinguished diplomates now here, Gortschakoff, Nesselrode, Kisseleff, and Walewaki, has been put off tiU to-morrow. At 8 o'clock this evening the King and his Im peral guest drove out to the soiree given by the Crown Prince in his villaat Berg, which wa brilliantly iluminated on the outside in a manner well fitted to show off to advantage the architectural beauties of the building. The road winding up to it in a aerpentine line around the mountain on which it is situate was lighted by a row of Chinese lanterns along each side, and all along the tortucas windings of the road leading through the Royal lark towards the Crown Ptince's villa there were cable-like torches placed at intervals, aud flaring an uncertain lurid light from high Iron cressets on the foliage of the trees and the groups that surrounded them. In the Royal park it was pleasing enough to see the brilliant equipages dashing along through the constantly alternating darkness and light, and then to distinguish their lamps windin up the mountain at Berg between the double rov;f manycoloured lamps; but the whole illumination of the Cro"n Prince's villa vraw' outshone and eclipsed by a sheet of lights that was spread down one side of the mountain, where a gardes for public resort and amusement has lately been opaned in coranexioxi with a very extensive bathing establishmenm supplied by a modt plentiful rnineral xpring, Here not only did the buildings of the eat blishment form an extensive frame-work for the lights, but every terrace cut along the face of the declivity, and every path laid out over the side of the mountain, was marked by rowJ of lights; every grass plat was studded with arificial glowworms, and the cluaters of trees were turned to aecount as tupports for festoons of chinese lanterns. With the addition of Bengal lights, Roman candles, and rockets let off occasionally to light up for an instant the surrounding mames of mountains looming in the distance, the scene was highly effective at a distance, but a nearer inspec. tion brought to viewv thousands of forms flitting about the gardens that were neitherforms of light nor beauty, but very plain homely Wurtembergers, and, moreover, introduced the olfactories to a mixed odour fromthe fat burning in themyriads of lamps,Wurtem. bergtobacco, and wretched beer, that was farfrom perfume. This fearful consumption of tallow and fat in combustion was got up regardless of expense by the proprietor, who is the Crown Prince's head gardener, in honour of the meeting of so many crowned heads at the elegant villa that overlooks the establishment, and accordingly the front of the buildinxr, bore in brilliant transparency the initials IV.A T.RL -King William of 'Vurtemberg, Emperors Alexander and Napoleon, and Crown Prince Karl. Yesterday evening the King and Queen of Wurtemberg, with the Queen of the Netherlands, occap:ied a proseen box at the performance of the trench company now here; the Emperor Alexander was present in the opposite box, with the Crowrn Prince and Princess. Here again the Emperor Alexander figured only as a private gaest related to the Royal farmily; the State loge in the middle of the first tier was not used, but will next Sunday contain the whole party from both palaces, on which occasion Balfe's opera of the Bolhmman Girl is to be played as a gala performance under Kiicken's direction. After the play was over yesterday evening the Emperor of Russia drove for some time about the town in an open aarriage. The Mo?t,iteur of yesterday has the following;- " BTUTTGART, SEPr. 2T, 2 10 P.Mr. "Yesterday (Saturday) theEmperor, afterhaving visited the magnificentbreeding stud of His Majesty, returned, at 2 o'clock, to the Palace at Stuttgart, where he transactod business with his Minister of Foreign Affairs. "TlaheEmperor then paid a visit to their Majesties the Queen of WVurtemberg and the Queen of Holland, and to her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Helena. ''The Emperor, accompaniedby General Bauer, the Eng's aide-de-camp, took a stroll through the town on foot, and was the object of the respectful sympathy of the inhabitants. At 6 o'clock there was a grand dinner at the Castle of Wilhelme, a charming residence of the King, at w,hich the three Sovereigns were present, as also the high dignitaries of State, the Ministers and officers in the suite of the Emperors. " At night the castle and gardens were brilliantly illuminated. " The Empres of Russia and the Queen of Greece arrived at 7 o'clock. " The Emperor of Russia went to the vila of the Prince Royal to receive the Empress. A few minuttes afterwards the Emperor Napoleon went to pay his compliments to her. " The remainder of the evenincfr was sDent at the Palace, in the apartments of the &Aeen of Holland " This morning (Sunday), at 9 o'clock, the Emperor went to the Catholic Church to hear mas. The church was densely crowded, apd he was loudly cheered on his arrival. After hearing mas the Emperor called upon the King to congratulate him upon his fete, which is celebrated to-day. " The Emperor's health is perfect."
THE GOVERYWMENT AT CALCUTTA AND THE COMMA NDE&-INCHrIA. The following eorresipndence has been pub. lished:- Mx3frott&hNuur Clut,J'une 22. I heg to submit the folowing obserations regr ding my own position~ ~ ~ ~~~ prtea 2. the pesent distutbances wvere confined to a particu- Jar locality, and ve had an army in haad and uader control, a fewv concise general instructions wonld *nswer every purpose, ase vr 3. As it is, however, we have no native army, and the very limited European force available must operate on many distinot and separate points, ewch body under its own commandant, the whole being, properly, subject to the genetal control and guidance of the Commander- 4 I think the Commander-in-Chief can most efficiently, an,d assuredly most expeditiously, control and direct aU general military arrangements and movements now, and the reorganization and regeneratiou of the army hereafter, if he has the advantage of being in personal communication with the head of the C-overnment, if he learns the views of Government with respect to the innumerable questions which must constantly arise, and, vwhich is highly important, if he is madelacquainted wvith the mass of intelligence which may be expected to reach the Government from every quarter of the empire. 5. If the Commander-in-Chief is at the seat of Gover. ment he can readily direct and guide the military arrangements of every description of the whole army; if heattaches himself to one of the small isolated bodies of troops moving about the country, he can only direct its proceedings, and the general conduct of matters connected with the entire army must be altogether neglected and put aside for the time. 6. I also may observe that it is quite impossible to conduct the multifarious duties of this large army without a numerous staff and extensive offioe establishment, requiring, when moving about the country, a complete re'iment s an escort, and a large amount of carriage for their transport, neither the one nor the other of which can be supplied under present clrcamstauces. 7. On the whole, therefore, I entertain a decided opinion that the duties of the Commander-in-Chief can be most efficiently and most usefully discharged at the seat of Governinent. Bat if the Governor-General in Council thinks otherwise, and considers that my presence at some other point would be more bene6eial t9 the public service, I am -prepared to start at once for any destmation to wvhich it -may be desired I should repair. P.vrnICIC GaAxNr, Lieutenant-General, C,ommander-in-Chiefn. M\Ts;T By TrnE Govx Noa-Gx A.-XiL or L'DLA n- COUsCIL. I agree with Lientenant-General Sir Patrick Grant that the duties of the Commander-in-Chief can at present be most efficiently and usefaUy discharged at the seat of Government. I think- that this will continue to be the case-certainly until a larger European force shall have been coUected in the North- Western Provinces, and probably as long as the ferment among the native troops and the people continues to be so widelyspread as It is at prtsont, leaving it uncertain where tue next violent outburst may take place. I am of opinion, however, that as soon as the course of events shall tend to allay the general disquiet, and to show to what points our force should be mainly directed, with the view of crushing the heart of the rebellion, it will be proper that his Excellency should consider anew the question of his movements, His Escellency's experience and high authority will then, in all probability, be most usef ally employed in the disturbed districts, or their neighbourhood. For the present t'here wll bo the greatest advantage in his E3x cell en cy rem ainin g at the sea t of G overnmuen t. June 22. C.urC S IG. I think so too. Till we seo our way more clearly, his ExceUencys authority will be most usefully exercised at the Presidency. J. DoRsi. June 22. I concur in the above remark by hMr. Dorin. There is, I thimk, much force and truta in the fourth and fifth par.- graphs of his Excellency the Commannder-in-Chief's memoranduni of this date. J. Low. June 22. I quite agree. J. P. GRAM. June 23, I also concur entirely. B. PtACOCr, June 23. i TEx SECRETART to Taz Gov9R.arMsrT OF INDI5A TO TER DlPrU-Y ADJUTANT-GMUTRsAL OF Trs ARmy. Fort William. June 23. Sir,-In continuation of my letter of the 20th Inst., and with reference to a rnemorandum by the Acting Cormmander-in Chief, dated the 22d inst., I am direqted to aoquaint you, for the information of Sir Patrick Grant, C.B., that the Governor-General in Council concurs with his Excellency that the duties of the Comumander-in-Chief can at present be most efficieny and usefully discharged at the seat of Government. 2. When the course of eventsa ten to allay the general disquiet, and to show to what ints our foroe should bs msinlT directed, with the view crushing the heart of the rebelbon, it will, in tbs opinion hi Lordship i1 CouncUl, be proper for his Exoellency to osider new ths question of his movements. 3. Ms Excellency' experien and high authority wliU then, in all probabilit, be most s pfuly eployed in the disturbed districts or their neigh urhood. "4. For the present the Governor-General In Council tinks there wiU be the greatest advantage In his Excelleocy remaining at the seat of Goverzment. - . I am, &O., Bw J, E, Brnqu, VQgolei41
I Tllg UNITED STATES. | * ( ou*X OUR OWN OORRP.E'DrT. i .NA1,W XVFi6J, ~3Err M8. The New York papers of yesterday contain a summary of the treaty between the United States and New Granada, of which I rent you b resum, if it may be so called, by the last packet. The comminsion for which it provides wil sits to adjust the claims. The suras adjudged will be p4id from the specific fund set apart for that purposethe dues from the Panama Railroad Company;. bat the great causes of difference are moroe unsettled than ever. The United States is not, however, very busy just now about its foreign politics. The instructions to its representatives in the East bave been carefully framed so as to avoid trouble there.; with the European Powers it has most friendly relations, with the exception of the unsettled difficulties with Great Britain about Central America; its quarrels writh Mexico are happily quieted, and bid fair to result in another comnission, which it is to be hoped will, if ever formed, be less open to criticism than Vas the last one; and its troubles with the petty South American States are happily nursed so as to be used at convenience. Domeiitic difficulties form the grest stumbling-block for 3Ir. Buchanan. Kansas to be disposed of. Either the South or the North must lose it. If the North, there is danger that Pennsylvania, Indiana, and Illinois wiUl join the solid anti-slavery line that threw so large a vote for Fremont. Even the Slave-State vote of Missouri would be doubtfuL If, on the other hand, Kansas is given to the North, bow will such a disposition be received by the South, by whom Mr. Buchanan was elected? You can imagine that such a question gives some trouble. Notwithstanding the attacks made upon it on either side, I cannot but thinkl that the Administration is pursuing a temperate policy. Free labour wil probably be the result if a fair vote is had. I have seen nothing to lead me to think that there is any purpose of permitting a repetition of the gigantic frauds by which the orthern settlers were outwitted two years ago. The Mormons, also, are giving some trouble. An expedition was to have gone ont against the " aints" this year; but Kansas proved the India for that China, and arrested the troops on their way. Brigham, hearing of the intention here, threatens fire and gunpowder, persecution and death, for the invading gentiles. .rhe Administration show a disposition to temporize with that question ; but I think that the public feeling is rapidly getting to a point where itwill compel it to vigorous action. t is not fair, in a country where the men outnumber the women, that any one man should be permitted to have 20-much less 70 wives. The town of New York, or rather the extrapatriotic part of it, has been much puzled lately about the disposition to be made of a gold box, formerly given to General Jackson with the freedom of the city. The box itself is of no particular value, but the General in his will left it to the bravest man of the city. As we have a large cron of heroes left from the Mexican war, the box could not remain without a claimant; and at last the precions city Government took the matter in hand. They voted that one Dykman was the man who deserved best of his country, and sent a delegate to Tennessee to bring back the General's son and the box. Both arrived the day before yesterday, and the milita were called out to add to the splendour of the hero's triumph. But meanwhile there had sprung up another hero, whose claims were strongly pressed by the other surviving heroes of the war. When Mr. Jackson arrived he found himrself in an "awful fix," as Yankees would ray. The troops were out, the triumphant hero was on hand for his box with a cut-and-dried speech, the sight-loving populace were there too; but the remonstrances were too loud to be disregarded. The poor gentleman wisely put his box in his pocket and walked away, leaving the ceremonies to take care of themselves. He complains that the protesters used very profaue language, and muddled him so much that he did not know what to do. New York is not likely to lack for amusements this autumn. The hotels are fuU of southern and western guests returning from the watering places. This has given a new stimulus and full houses to the theatres. Frezzolini is singing to enthusiastic audiences at the opera. Thalberg is giving crowded concerts, assisted by Vieuxtemps Mr. Murdooh is playing at Burton's the same characters that wou him so much favour at the Ilaymarket last year. Laure Keene is living on MIr. Tom Taylor's last play. WaUlack's theavtre is reproducing the moral drama of the Damwe atu Uameia.s-an expurgated edition; And at the Broadway MIr. Charles Mathews has made his debut to one of the largest and most enthusiastic audiences that New York has seen for a long time. The great succe3s of this gentleman will be gratifying to his friends in London. The national balance-sheet for the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June, 1837, has been made up snd published with unusual promptness. We lhave heretofore been obliged to wait for this information until it could first be seut in red tape to the Houses Df Congress, but the present Administration have bad the good sense to depart from so absurd a custom, and gives to the public information which at the present time is much needed.. The following is the statement lmpnrh-5peo i ..S1sls-.TSSo Fregoods .. ., ,. K6,1 Dhti,ble s. .26,.&07 .. S3.A0,14i Foroian Etports-Spe... 9,0F8.610 Free goods 3tS,36Z Dutlible .10.59L67 Total . . 3 9if,V7 Domeftlc iP-r550e1pe.l0355 IderobnClwe. . 273.9C6,713 Total .S333.56sS5 rowl nxpoM-orcgn and dometo . . S362.94Q.14 By comparing these returns with the oilicial rreasury statement for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1856, it will be seen that the businems of the country hay vastly increased-perhaps rather too much 3o, though not enough to justify all that has been said about overtrading. The comPatnson stands:- 3e3rtg. is6. m. In.ma . Oracle.. . . 4. $457,6328 C4 e e5i Free,'Go.ds SZ743,704 5tL26.507 1,515.431 Dattable . 257,654 36 29L160.535 3v;416,5"3 Total .1...639.2 $3603.9. 141 $46,2OI5 Foreign xoaa f355. 1857. jncrease. sJecreme. e ., .97.2G t9 os5&5s- $7441L364 Fee Goods 3.I144.6"4 431a562 11V455 - Dtiablo IL...63K776 .10i591,647 _ Sl.545 57 Total $1~6,37S5 578 $1%9 L 7 S W, . ,501 - Domestic Xxpo 1856. 1 Increa5e Srecie . . . * $i4ts.279 $G0 078.352 $15535 r'73 Merchandise . 4. 2654305. 1 27s56 .713 2246S,662 Total. S310.6S6330 $338,535,M66 $23.M5735 The statement of 1857 shows a nominal balance of rather more than $2,000,000 in favour of the United States. Analyzing it, however, it will be seen that the real balance is against us. The total domestic specie and bullion report of the country is over $60,000,000. Deducting from this the balance of $3,000,000 in our favour in the foreign specie, end the whole specie receipts from Calitornia, it will still leave a larger balance againt us than we had in our favour last year. Then the specie export was about equal to the specie receipts from California; and, as the general balance was over $12,000,000 in our favour, it followed that we had exported that amount of specie (or bullion) more than was necessary to meet the amount due on striking the balance. This year we increase our total specie export to $68,000,000, and have only $2,000,000 balance in our favour. The withdrawal of so much specie has been one of the principal causes of the recent, or rather present panic. If you observe the increase in the production of the country, shovn by the increase in the export of domestic merchandise, you will see how senseless has been the entire want of confidence in the future. That the country hs beeu overtrading, that the railways have beent foolishly borrowers on short credits, and that there ought to have been a depreciation, no man can doubt who studies the subject; but I cannot see any sound reason for the entire want of confidence that has prevailed since the failure of the Ohio Life and Trust Company. Neither can I think that when some of the railway floating debts are arranged and the market relieved, and when the near crop begins to come in, there will taot be a favourable reaction; but, as r state the reasons for my opinion, you can judge of its soundness as well as I. The bank balances show a better state of things; they are about as I wrote you in my letter by Saturday's packet that they would be. Specie is flowinrg in upon New York, and already the banks are enlarging their line of discount. The Central America, from Aspinwall, with $1,500,000 of gold, is now overdue three days. Soume anxiety begins to be felt, as there hs been a terrific gale on the southern coast. Her traum is mnuch needed here. The Persia arrived early yeaterday morning, hAs'ing made another remarkably quick- passge,
THB INDIAN MUTINIBS. TaE ADVAkNC ON (AWNPOInW The following letter f written by a gentlemnn the Civil servi ce:- " Camp, Rullin pore, 91 Mlues from Allahabad, July15 "9 - , I would have written to yom before to tell you of our doings at Futtehpore on Sunday last, the 13th, but we had so hard a day's work that I could not sit down to soribble, and yesterday my time was so much taken up by annexing the goods sad chattels of departed niggers that I postponed my letter til Ao-day. Our camp Is sttoh a large one and so diflfoult to move that, although we started at 3 o'clock this morning, we only got to our encamplng ground at halt-psat 2. By 'w e' I mean our carts, for the line of march extends over three miles of road, and private conveyance always come on to the road in the reax of the others. I oonsequently was foroed to take shelter under a broken-down old buggy, and sit in the rain on the look-out for rmy corts It Is now half-past 5 o'clock, and we have iust finished breakfast, so I have but little time to write. I must cornmence with s short aocount of the 'Battle of Futtehpore.' Well, it was on a Sunday morning, the memorable 13th of July, 1857, wbhn the Brltish column, composed of &e., &o., &o., and so on-for style, &e., vide the Wellington Despathes. But, to tell you my own tale; you see we fell in vith x Havelock's force, and marched on to Belunda, 19 miles from our ground, and 24 from the Generars camp. We arrived there at a quarter to 10 o'clook or thereabobts, and fell out, taking up our poSition on both sides of the road, about 1,000 yards thLs side of Belunda, on a fine open plain stretching to Fattehpors, about three miles offA We had got our tents up, when Colonel Tytler, who had ridden up to Futtehpore to reconnoitre, galloped back, saying that the rebels were on the road, moving down to us. Immediately the alarm was sounded, and the troops all fell oUat so quietly aud steadily it was quite charming to see them. The oamp was beautifully laid out, the guns in the centre on the road. and the troops on both sides, so they had only to mnove from their tents to come to the front. Oat they came eager for the fun like so many bulldogs, and as jolly as possible, although just off a tiring march. Oat we vwent, and a crowd of niggers along the road in the distanoe, and a boom-boom (you know how the big guns speak) toid us plinly that they were playing at bowls against our advanoed guard (cavalry). On they crept and the c:valry came in, and 'we saw in the distance closiDng in-in a semicircle-a vast body of cavalry. On the beggars came, and on we went, our gunS taking up a nice position on the road and on the sides. " About two or three feeble and insane attempts were made by the rebels to pitch their shot into us, but somehow or other the guns wouldn't fire straight, and a puff and a baug from one of ours sent a ball flying into their first gau, and we could see the round shot ploughing them up, and the grape falling on all sides and shells bursting over their heads. It was most refreshing. They could not stand it. Those behind cried I'On I' while those in front cried ' Back!' and presently the whole mass was Eeen to move on, leaving, to our delight, A, thundering big gun. We moved on, on, and on, Not another shot was fired by them, while our shot went rolling in among them just as if the old Allababad eleven were playing the E'uteh. pore lot. On, on, and more guns appeared. The cavalry were dispersed by a few shot and shell, and we preeently found ourselves before the city. Guns, dead bullocka, defunct niggers, and broken tuabrlls lined the road, and among the many unfortunates was to be seen an unfortunate old elephant, whose fate it had been to carry the General into the field an old rascally Subadar of the 2d Cavalry, who had been created a General by Nena Sahib. A wag of an artillery sergeant had taken a pop at him, and it went in under the poor beast's tel and out at his chest, pitching the Subadar Sahib Bahadour on his nose. Well, we Cavalry (for I had joined them) went on the right of the city, sup. porting the Fusileers, on the left a party of the other regiment and some in the centre to go up the city with the guns. On we went steadily. Here the rebels made a slight stand, and sneaking about in the gardens and house pounded volleys into us; but their fire was so wild and miserable that the balls merely whistled over our heads. Well. we were told to move on Ahead and watch the enemy, and did so, and found them scuttling off in all directions, and suddenly came on a party of about 30 of the 2d Cavalry." "Cawnpore side of the nullash with the big bridge, July 16. "1 I had no time to finish this yesterday, and so take up my pen again. We have had two more fights again to-day, beating the villains off and taking five guns, including a 32. pounder and a 24-pound howitzer. But, to reawne my story,-on seeing the enemy Palliser called the tento charge and dashed on; but the scoundrels sarcely altered their pace, and met the enemy at the same pace that they came down towards us. Their desiga was evident; they came waving their swords to our men and riding round our party, making signs to them to come over to their side. We could sot dash cut upon them as we were only 4 to thelr 30, and when our men hung back a dash out would only have ended in our being cut up. One or two came In at us, and one or two blows were exchanged. Palliser was un,eated by his horse swerving suddenly, and then the row commenced. The 2d Cavalry men tried to get at him, and bis native officers closed round him to save him, wad they certainly fought like good men and true-the few of them. I got a couple of slaps at them with my Colt while they were trying to get in at Palliser, but Gayer, the doctor, was the only one who got a sword cut at them. He gave a scoundrel a very neat wipe on the shoulder in retuan for a cut at his arm, which onlytouched the coat. While this was going on the rear menr turned tail and left us, galloping back as hard as their horses could go, and, the whole body of the Cavairy appearing from behind some trees, we were foroed to return, at a deuced good pace too. I never rode so hard In my life. It was a regular race for our necks, for the whole of the fellows were behind oar small party, thirsting for our blood. I had a couple of fellows just behind me, but my old horse managed to carry rme along. I write this with shame and grief, but it was no fault of Palliser's or ours. If the rascals bad not left us so shamefully we could have ridden over the 30 men and have returned steadily before the rest of the Cavalry came up. They had an immense number of Regulars and Irregulars. For the moment 1 fully believed that our men were about to join the 2d Cavalry and leave Us to their mercy; you may imagine how jolly I felt. The poor Ressaldar of Hardinge's regiment, Nujeeb Khan,a taU fine felow with ablaok beard, alter saving l'alliser feU with his horse on crossing a ditch we had to pass, and was cruelly cut up. Seven of our men were killed, while they say they polished off five of the Begulars; but I believe this to be a lie, for I only saw one body, that of a havildar of the 2d Cavalry. The wretched creature's bridle broke when charging down, and his horse took him slap into the middle of our fellows. Oar men were not disbanded, as they had not mutinied, but it was determined to use them as baggage guards only, &c. The necessity for doing so was afterwards proved, as I shall relate in the course of my tale. Well, the stand made in the gardens was very soon over, and the whole force scuttled off, leaving carts containing all sorts of baggage, and great was the plunder thereof. Our boys had been 24 mlles, so we could go no further, and we encamped this sdde of the eity. We were in our tents about 2 o'clock, and after having a little grub I sallied out to see what was to be had. A MajorGeneral's white saddle-cloth, edged with gold lace, e English leathern valise, two good durries, a CashDmere chola, a pistol, a lot of puggry cloth, some horse traps, and a pollparrot, proved a valuable addition to my stock of prop .:ty. The town was sacked by the Europeans, Sykeses (as the so,ldiers calltheSikhs), andeampfollowers, andsome of the principal houses blown up, and thatched houses burat. We cam e on yesterday without anythlig happening, exoept that some donkey in the volunteer cavalry swore he saw a body of men in a village, and shot and shell was pitched into the place as quick as the guns could fire. It was found afterwards that the place was empty, and so much good ammaunition was thrown away for nothing. Well, those rascally Irregulars in the rear with the baggage, hearing the g^us, actually attemnpted to turn it back. They were sharply looked after by the Highlanders, and were disbanded last night. We heard this morning that the rebels were making a stane at Aoung, about four miles on the Futteh. pore side of the big bridge, and we also heard that they were breaking the bridgo down. The reports were true, for 'we found them at Aomng, and beat them back again after a couple of hours good fighting. They made capital play with their guns, but v'e were o00 sharp with them. I joined the 64th amd 84th Regiments, and went in tbe ranks with my old double-barrolled gan. The zound shot and bullets played into us like rain, but few fellows were struck. Major Stirling (64th), a splendid. fEllow, had a very narrow escape; he was about 10 yards ahead or the regiment to the left when a 9-pounder cAme down between his horse's legs, covering him, &c., w.th mtud. While joining square to resist an expected charg of the cavalry a musket%ball strack a man's musket by my side and lodged in the stock close to his finger Three of our men were touched bv bullets, not hurt mauch, while a round shot hit one man's bayonet. Well, we beat them bc and on nearing the bridge we found the fellows intrenched on the other side with the two big guns above-mentioned. They were a long way o0 but a 32-pounder cme bounding along tous. We were unfortunately in colmn and not In line. ' llake way forhim-lethim,go,' was the cry alwesaw the bigbalt hopping along to us; out the fellows fell, but it caught one poor fellow on the leg, smashing it Up, and injuring another man slightly. We then were ordered to lie down while the guns came up and silenced their battery. A poor 1ighlander had his head taken off by a round shot, These were the only casualties in this affair. Altogether about 15 men vets wouaza, inluding poor oia Renaud of the Fuaileers, who Was severely wounded by a musket-ball in the thigh Vhile leading his boys on. They behaved splendidly and took one guL themselves, blowing the Golandanzes, brains out at the guns. Here we are now, this side of the big bridge. They had made a capital battery for their guns, and had they stood to them we might have had some trouble. But what can they do? Their cavalry tried to cut off our baggage, but our rear-guard knocked At least 50 off their saddles." " July 25. " We have punished offenders so rigidly that I think we shall have little trouble after the rebeion is put down. Lucknow is all safe. The approach of our troope has drawn the insurgents off, and it is supposed tb4t. they are intrenching themeelves somewhere on the road. " The defeat the Cawnpore rebels sustained in four en. gagements has disheartened them greatly, and there is no doubt the work our brave boys have before them will be accomplished without much trouble. They cannot stand a hand-to-hand fight with Europeans, and the 'tHurrah' which precedes the charge strikes as mach terror into their cowardly hsarts as a round of grape. You know that the day was won in our last engagement by a gallant charge made by our fellows upon the enemy late in the even. ag, wBhenk we bad been fighting for three hours, after marching nearly the whole day under a sun that knooked the boys down by the dozen. Poor fellows. We had cart-loas of them sick from sore feet and anstrokes. We had beaten thenm back from battery to battery. You know the way, Our big guns poanded them, and we run in with a cheer and took each battery with the bayonet. The sun was down, and we advanced In front of the only battery they had left drawn up on the Grand Trunk road. The fire was fearfuL T'he whole of the force was assembled there, We lay down in the field vhile the round shot and grape literally tore tha rankn up. The guns should have been up, but the bulocoks were too fagged and tired to drag them over the heavy ground. The old general at last saw it was too much. The devils were pelting at us with their bands playing. I saw and heard them distinctly, and up he came, ' Get up, my lads and take those-- guns.' Up we got with a cheer-it was more like a howl-and charged up, gii;ug them avolley at 80 yards, and ran in. It was too much. The valiant 11,000 fled before us, and in 9 few moments the guns were ours, and Cawnpore was gadned. " We lay out there all nlsht, after collecting the wounded-hungry, thirsty, and cold, with nothing but I dirty dlcLh water to drink, but it was like nectar I Our baggage had been left behind, four miles, and we saw nothing of it until 9 o'clock next morning, when We mached into Cawnpore. It was hard work for all; but the poor sick and wounded, how they must have suffered ! Poor Captain Currie of Her Majesty's 84th, with which I remained during the last fight, was knocked down by a round shot from the big gun, a 24-pounderi which we took at the close of the day. Nearly the wbole of his back was carried away, poor fellow, and yet he lingered for three days. I attended him and gave hinm water on the field that day, and saw his wound. I never saw such a shocking sight. Other poor fellows had their legs taken off, and others their arms. It was a sad, sad sight, And made me truly thankful for the escapes I had had." The following letter is written by &i non-comneiia sioned officer of the 84th Regiment :- ' Oude, AugatL "We went from Alahabad to Cawnpore by bullooktrain 30 miles a-day, our presence being urgently required, we marched the same day that we received the order, half the men In the carts, half out walking. Nothing particular occurred on the march until we came to Futtypore, and sucha horrible stink I never smelt. The party who preceded us there had had a sharp fight with the insurgents, and all sorts of animals were strewed about the place ia a state of decomposition-ammunition, big guns, tents, carts, rtiUley waggous, grape and canister, All strewn about, In faot, articles of all desorlpions-one had tot to be at a loss for an a-ticle, from a piece of Ordnance to a big drum; until we came to Cawupore other such Bights met our vlew. Our men had had four fights. Poor Captain Currie, 'the nicest gentleman I ever spoke to, vas shot by a cannon ball through the hip, the man in the rear of him through the abdomen. Cap. tain Curxie died. We had altogether only three killed and seven wounded, besides one misdng. Other regiments did not have such good luck, for a whole sectlon of the 641th were blown away by round shot. There are many missing of the other regiments. " a Cawnpore, a cookboy, who was with the G Company, by some means escaped; being a Bengalee of course he could mix with the remalnder of his I class withont detection. He is but a lad; he told us that Mr. Saunders was nailed down, hands, feet, and knees ; that these barbariaus the first day out off his feet and ears and nose, and so left htm until the next day, when some other pieces were out off him, and he died. He had killed six men, and would have shot Nena Sahib also, that terrible ruffian, but his revolver did not go off. Poor Gildea shot five, and, when there were but a few of ours left with him to defend their barricade, the insurgents sent to say that as there wexeso fewof them, and they did not want any more bother, they would provide them with boats and por mit thom to pae, unmolested. Our men were glad to accede, bu-t when inx the centre of the river they were fired upon with cannon, and their boat sunk. Many a widow and orphan of the E and G companies are left. I saw the place our men defended at Cawnpore, it was completely battered and riddled; how they managed to hold it I can't make 0ut. There is a well there, and a most disgusting sight It presents. I hear 150 Eumopean people were thrown into it naked. " One of the insurgent collectors took two of our ladies for his own private ends; but I hadthe pleasure of laughing in hls countenance as he swung in front of our camp. He 'was an ugly-looking scoundreL These ladles had, of course, been killed before we arrived. "As for hanging, it is nothing; it Is quite a common tilug to have a few swung up every day; the least thing Will do it. We have a provost marshal and his staff here, and they would hang a European if they found him plundering, or give him a dozen on the spot if they found him half-a.mile from his camp; but as for a native the least tbing is sufficient to haug him. We have had one European hung; but they are very loth to do anything to the Europeans. The fellows missing I hear had such a lot of rupees that they could not keep up, and they were too greedy to throw them away. Cawnpore was fuU of all kind of liquor, from champague to bottled beer, and our fellows used it too freely. The authorities wore euraged at this. "Things are all done suddenly here, and we, the 78th Highlanders and 64th, were ordered across the river to procced to LI^cknow. It took five days before all was over and ready to move. Here it rained almost incessantly, and my party, which was the last, had no shelter, for on a march lie ours no tents are brought, so some of the men had to wander about all night in the rain without a roof to shelter them ; the consequence was that a good many took the crrups and died, Sergeant-Major Bonynge amlong the rest. Lanibert is now sergeant-major. " Well, we at last marched for Lucknow, and the first reception we got after marchingafew miles was a few round shot, which was kept up very quickly, for the enemy were under excellent cover; we marched up among the trees, deployed, and lay down. Our guns commenced to play; as they advanced we did also, to cover thom, deploy. ing and lying down to prevent the balls hitting us. Our skirmishers rusbed into the intrenehment and drove them out; but then there was a fortified village, we had to rush . into that, and such shooting you cannot dream of ! You woula see one of our men going quietly round a corner with a quick eye ; the first to see shot the other. The whole of the houses had to be searched in this manner, and the village, wben thought oleared, aet on fire ; but, after all, as I passed the village carrying the Queen's colour a lot of balls whistled past me, and several menwereshot. Ad- jntant Brown received two wounds here, one in the arm, the other in the leg, but both only flesh womunds. you wouid pity the poor fellows shot, some in the face and neck, others legs broken, men helping them along with the damaged leg trailing along the ground. "After they were driven through the Yiage they attacked us on the open plain; but our gans soon mnade them 'leave that,' so they skirted as hard as they could. They had a great many cavalry. We have none, except somne infantry men fiom all regiments, who have been formed into two squadrons; also a squadron of gentlemen volunteers& " Well, having beaten them thus far, and having taken 15 of their guns, and it being then half-past 11 in the day, we rested in the open plain in the burning sun to get a glass of grog ancd some breckfast. We stopped two and a-half hounrs, and proceeded to a fortified town some milea away. The enemy, of course, o-pened fire on u, and there being no trees to shelter the fortification our artillery played splendidly. We deployed, and advanced, and lay down, taking our time from the artillery, sent out skirmiahers and a regiment, all of which closed on the town and broke into the place, the other regiments closing and following. There was a good deal of shootiDg inside. At lnst it terminated, and the British marched in triumphant. It was then nearly 6 in the evening, so the whole day, you may say, we had been fighting, and the whole day we had been in the blazing son, and nearlythe wholoe day we had been in paddy fields up to oux hipe in water, whlch wa a good thing for us in the heat. "s We thought that all the people had left the town; bnt no such thing, We lay in front of a sheet of water, but our Grenadiers lay in the town, and the insurgents were i firing on thom all nighL " Our muskets are useless in comparison with the Enfield rifle, and it was the regiments who were in possession of these that did nearly all the business; however, the sldrmishers of my regiment captured two guns. We captured four guns in the town, leaving us 19 altogether; the onemy only carried off one. " I slept in the field, in the open air, all night under the piles of arms, and no ' rouse,' the signal to march, having sounded, I slept until half.past 5. I was very tired, especiaDy having had to march with my bad heel. We stopped in the sun until 12 o'olock that day, and were then ordered into the town. We were glad to get ont of the sun, but no sooner did we move than an order was issued to march that evening at 2. It was very hot, especially for us who had been in the sun all day. Guess our surprise when we found we were to ' retire.' Yes, the General found he had only 1,200 men-that, on an average, he had lost, I between death, men going sick, and killed and wounded, 50 men per day-he could not venture to Luck now with this small force and, probably, aimilar daly decrease of men, and, although all wroe dispirited, i tnink he has acted wisely. We marched about seven miles and yesterday about seven mnore to this village, which is aboutfive milesfrsmthe river which aeparatosus flomCawnpore. We may be here for a fortnight waiting for rein forcements. I am glad of the rest, and those native huts which I once despised, I ara glad to occupy now. I don't know the name of the village we are in now. It Is dark." THE MUTINY AT F3YZABAD. We have been favoured with the following statemaent by Colonel Lennox, lately commanding the troops at Fyzab%d:- "Intelligence being made by the civil authorities on the 3d of tJune that the l7th Bangal mutineers were in full march upon Fyzabad, I called a conference with the offiocers commanding and their staff, together with the senior native - officers of corps, to adopt masurews for the defence of our lines and the repelling of the mutineers, the native offlioers declaring themselves true and loyal, and ready for any emergency. The following day, however, passed without any disturbance; but on the 7th so positive were the troops that the mutineers would not pas quietly through Fyzabad that it was propoed to march out s far a a place called Surooj-K.hoond, five miles from cantonments, and give the mutineers battle. To this, however, the native officers objected, urging that they had th.ir families and property in their lines, and that by remaining in cantooments theywould flight valiantly for their lives and of those dear to them, and cordially shook hands with me and the offioers, saying 'We are all of one heart.' Again, on the evening of the Sth of June positive information was received that the 17th Native Infantry were to march into Fyzabad on the following riorning. Every officer -was at his poet in the lines of the regimentk myself at the quarter. guard, and the troops by their arms. Two companiei were told off for the support of the 13th Light Field Battery Arllery, and every precaution was taken for defendve ope. rations. At 10 p.m. an alarm was sounded in the lines of the 6th :rregular Oude Infatry and taken up by the 22d Reglmentof Native Infantry, the battery prepared for action, loaded, and fusees lightod, when the two compaiies in sup. port of the guns immediately closed in and crossod bayonets over the vents, preventing the officer of the Artilery froms approachingthe battery, This wasreportod tomebyMajor Mill, commanding theArtilery. I then went to the gnns and. explained to my men that the bugle sound was a false alarm, and ordered them to return to their respective posts san lerve only one sentry over each gun. I then returned to the luies of the 22d Regiment, with a view to dismissing the regiment. I found the Light Cavalry had surrounded the regimental magazine, in order, as they said, to protect It. It appears this was a preconcerted scheme, for the 5th troop of the 15th Iregular Cavalry sallied o;at and instantly planted patrols ail round the lines. I again visited the guns, but was reSused admittance, the subadar (the prime leader of the mutiny. Dhuleep Singh) teluing me it was neces. F- to guard the guns, aud he would take care of them 1 ..Lesting me to go to the qusrter-gnard xnd take my rest and that nothing should happen to myself and offlcers Bo long as we remained with the regiment; a gard with fixed bayonets surrounded me, and escorted me to my charpoL The officea also of the regiment were not allowed to move 12 paces without a guard foHolW. ing them. Several officers askod me leave to Slee away. I told them I had no power, and that I was a prisoner as well as themselves, but if they would remain quiet in their lines till daybreak Dhuleep Singh would give them an escort to the boats at MQerum Ghat, and send them off down the Gogra. Two officers trying to eseape were fired at by the cavalry patrols, and brought back into the lines. About sunrise on the 9th the officers were allowed to take to the boats, myself and family alone remaining In cantonments. At 10 a.m. Sabadar Dhuleep Singh visited me, having previously placed sentries all round my bungalow. He stated he was sorry at what had occurred, but such was our fate, and he could not prevent it; that the Rasseldar of the 5th troop of 15th Irregular Cavalry was the leader, but thab not a hair of our heads should be touched, and that he (the subadar) had come to order us a boat and get it prepared for us, aud he hoped we should pams down the river in safety, for he could not be answerable for us when the 17th Native Irfantry arrived at Fyzabad. We remained in cantonments tiU 2 p.m., and during the course of the day the Moolavie who had created a disturbance in the city of Fyzabad, and was conflued in our quarter.guard until released by the mutineers, sent requesting my full dress regimentals, which were delivered up to him, He sent the sub-assistant-surgeon of the dispensary to assure me how grieved he was that I should be obliged to flee, as through my kindness he had been takon much care of while confined three months in the quarter-guard of the regiment, and had been allowed by me hls hookah; at the same time requesting me to remain, end he would take care of me and my family. The sub-assis. tant-surgeon begged me to pardon him for obeying the orders of those whom he now served, that times wrere altered, and he must obey those who fed and clothed him. " We left Fyzabad by boat at 2 p.m., and In nearing Adjoodhea, were hailed by a cavalry patrol, who, after looking into the boat, suffered us to pass on. We had not proceeded far when another scout hailed us, ordering us to bring to or we should be fired on. lie also suffered us to pass, the Sepoys with us, Thacur Miedr and Snnker Singh, explaining to the scout that we were sent off by the Rasseldar. At about half-past 10 at night we passed the camp of the 17th Regiment, but in rounding a sandbank came upon a picket of the mutineers, and weo- advised by our Sepoys and boatmen to leave the boat and creep along the side of the sandbank, and that the boat should be brought round to meet us. We accordingly did so, aud crossed the sandbank, being out nearly two hours; when the boat came round at midnight we oroswed over the river to the Goluckpore district. In the morning, about daybreak, some men coming down to bathe told us that there were men on the look-out for Europeans, and advised us to leave our boats as so on as we could and follow some six or sevon Sahibs (officers) who the day before had gone on towards Goruokpore. We were about leaving the boat, when a party of men came down and inquired who was in the boat; being satisfied by the boatmen they went away, and we then immediately quitted the boats, leaving our remaining property which the aubadar had directed to be given us at Fyzabad, and wlhich was now plundered by the villagers. "We began our flight towards Goruokpore on foot, vith only the clothes we had on. Our ayah (woman servant) and kidmutgar (table attendant) accompanied us; wo stopped often under trees and at wells, and had proceeded about 6 miles, it being now 10 o'clock. when we halted at a village, and having got a draught of mrilk propared to rest during the heat of the day. We were, however, soon disturbed, for a horeeman advanced over the country, armeed to the teeth, having a huge horse pistol in his hand, which he cocked, and levelling it at my head desired me to fo?low him to the camp of the 17th Native Infantry and make no delay, for he was to get a reward of 50Ors, for each of our heads ! We had not retraced our steps for more than a mile when a lad joined us who was known to the horseman, which determined the horseman to make us quicken our pace. The lad, however, persuaicd him to let us drink water and rest near a villige, and w'hile so doing he sent a boy to bring men to our resoee. It appears that a Nagimx, MIeer Mlahomed Hossein Khan, had a small fort close by, about three-quarters of a mile or. The Nagim immediately sent out 10 or 12 footmen armed, who on coming up directed us to follow them, and also led the horseman by the bridle, having disarmed him. One of the men sent out for oar rescue greatly abused me, and, looking at his pistol and priming, swore he would shoot those Englishmen who had come to take awaytheir casteand make them Christians. About midday we reached the fortified dwelling of the Nagim, and were ushered into the place where he was holding a council; he bade us restand take some sherbet, assuring us that no harm should happen to us, and he rebuked his insolent retainer for hinting that a stable close by would do for us to dwell in, as we should not require it long, he being prepared to kill the dogs I The Nagim again rebuked him, and told us not to fear, for be would niot suffer us to quit till the road was open and we could reach Goruckpore In safety. On the second day th, Nagim, fearing the scouts of the 17th would give intelligence that Europeans were hid in his fort, made us assume native dresses; the zenanah clo thed my wife and daughter, and the Nagim clothed me. He then dressed up a party In our English clothing and sent them out with an escort about 9 at night, to deceive his outposb, and also the villagers; they returned about midnight in their proper dresse, and It was supposed by all except the confidential person of the Nagim's household that he had sent ts away. We remained in captivity in rear of his zenanah, inL a reed hut nine days, treated very kindly and oonsiderately, having plenty of food and a daily vist frnm our keeper. "T he Nagim personally visited the mutineers atFyzabad to learn their plan, which was to march to tho attack of Lucknow, and then proceed to Delhi. The first time be visted the regiments at Fyzabad they inquired very minutely concerning certain Europeans he had harboured, The Nagim declared he had only fed and rested tbree Europeans and the sent them on; to this they replied, ' It isw ell; we are glad you took care of the Colonel snd his family.' " After we had been in captivity seven days the Nagina Came to me and said he had just heard tha. the oollector of Goruckpore was at the sttion, and if I would write a letter to him he would get it afely conveyed. On Thurs. day, the 18th of June, an alarm was given that an enermy was in full force coming against the fort; my wvde and daughter were immediately bid in the zenanah, and mself hidina darkwood(go down). Thehorsemen,however,onnear. ing the fort, were found to be a party sent by the collector of Goruckpore for our rescaue The Nagim furnished my wife and danghter with palkees, and the rest of us eu horses left the noble and considerate Nagimat llLm., and, passing Amorah, reached Captain Gunge at 4 p.m., where I found Farrier-Sergeant Busher, of the Artillery, who aso had been rescued from captivity by Mr. Pippy, with a guard of the 12th rregular Cavary. The next day we arrived at Bustee, and were- hospitably received by Mr. Osborne, opium agent, andhis family, who gaveus European clothing. After remaining three days we proceoded to Goruckpore, thence to Azimghur, thence to Ghazeepore, and by river steamer to Calcutt, when the medical board advised that I should proceed to England for the recovery, of my health. " Throughout this severe trial I have found the promie fulfilled to me and my family, -' And as thy days, so shall thy strength be." ow LE:NNOX, Colonel, Bengal Army. "Calcutta, Aug. L' "I believe the casualties of the Fyzabad officers to be as follows :_ " Colonel Goldney,' Superintendent Commisdoner of Fyzabad District, taken into the camp of 17thBengal inutineers. " MAjor Mill, drowned. " Lieutenant Currie, drowned. " Lieutenant English, murdered by the villagers of MAwa. dubur. "I eutenant Lindesay, murdered by the villagers of Mawadubur. " Lieutenant Bright, taken prisoner in the camp of the 17th Regiment. " Lieutenant Thomas, mnurd' ed by the villagers of Mawadubur. " Lieutenant Courtly, murdered by the villagers of MAwadubur. fEnsign Eitchle, murdered by the vlage of Awradubar. "Lieutenant Parsons, drowned. "Sergeant Hulme and wife, 22d Regiment, taken prisoners into the camp of the 17th Regiment. " Quartermaster-Sergeant of 22d Regiment, taken prisoner into the camp of the 17th Regiment. " Sergneat Edwards4 Artiellry, mnurdered by the villagers of Mawadubur. " W. LENNOX, Colonel, Bengal Army." "Tvoops STATIONED AT FYzIBA.D AT TER TImE OP TER MUTIY, "No. 5 Company 7th Battalion of Artllery and No. 13 Horse Battery.-iajor M1il, Lieutenants Percival and CarIe, Sergeant Edwards and wife and child, and Sergeant Busher and wife and child. " 22d Regiment of Native Infantry.-Colonei Lennox (commanding regiment and station), Captain Morgin, Lieu. tenants Fowle, English, Bright, Lindesay, Thomas, Ouseley, and Courtly, Ensigns Anderson and Ritchie, Assistnt. Surgeon DanieL " 6th Regiment of Irregular OudeInfantry-lientenrint. Colonel O'Brien, Lieatenants Gordon and Parsons, Assistent-Surgeon Collison. " 5th troop of 15th Irregular Cavalry." The following is the statement of Farrier Sergeant R. B3ther, of No. 13 Light Field Battery, mentioned u the above narrative:- " Onthe morning of the 8th of June news was brought into the station that the 17th Native Infantry, mutineers of Azimghur,had encamped a day's jo urney from Fyzabad,and Intended marching Into the station the following morning. I received orders from Major Mill, commanding the battery, to send my family without delay to Sheer Gnnge, ted place them under the protection of RajaLh Mann Siogh of that place. I accordingly did so, sending along with tnem the families of four Other non-commissioned officers. In the evening, by order of Colonel Lennox, commanding the station, two companies of the 22d Native Infantry were ordered to support our guns and to take up their position, one on either side of the battery, or a company on each flank. This they did. The officers and men-both Europeans and natives-remained with their guns all ready for action, when about 11 p.m. the alarm was sounded in the lines of the 6th Oude Irregalar Iafantry, on bearing which the Golundauze, or Native Artillery immediately loaded their guns with grape. While the portfiremen were in the act of lighting the portfires the two companies of the 22d, that were placed on either side of the gunas, rushed in with loaded muxskets in hand among the Artillery, and pointed them at the heads of the Golandanze. Colonel Lennox and the other officers of the 22d Native Infantry were on the spot almost immediatly after the occurrence, and tried, by every persuasion, to get their men from the guns, but to no purpose. About this time the whole of the 22d Native Infantry left their lines and advanced towards our position shouting. On coming up they ordered us (the Europeans) to quit this place, and said the guns were no longer ours, but theirs, We were escorted by a portion of the 22d Native Infantry to the quarter-guard of that regiment and kept there under restraint till the following morning, when at break of day we were escorted to the river side, and directed to enter some boats that had been provided for us by the insurgents, and proceed down the river. " Wnile at the Ghaut intelligence ws brought to on: escort that the mutineers were helping themselves tcl the treasure. This caused the escort to hasten back to the lnes as quickly as possible. Here I will take the liberty to men. tion that the Ress aldar of the 15tb Irregulars appeared to be the moving man in the mutlny, andundertook the general direction of affairs. " When the escort left us we took to the boats, four in number, but found them without boatmaen. However, as there was no time to proceed in search of boatmen it was resolved that the boats should be manned by ourselves, so we got in, and, as far as my memory serves me, in the followlng order:- " IN NO. 1, OR THE FIRST BOAT. "1. Colonel Goldney, Commisdoner. "2. Lieutenant Currie, ArtiUery. "3. Lieutenant Cautley, 22d Native Infantry. "4. Lieutenant Ritchie. "5. Lieutenant Parsons, 6th Onde Irregulars. 6. Sesgeant- Major Matthews 7. Sergeant Edwards, 13th Light Field Battery. " 8. Sergeant Busher, 13th Light Field Baittety. "Is No. 2, OR SBConM BOAT. "1. Major Mill, commanding 13th Light Field Battery. "2. Adjutant Bright, 22d Native Infantry. "3. Sergeant-Major Hollum, 22d Native Infantry. "4. Mrs. Hollum. "5. Quartemraster Sergeant Russell, 22d Native " Infantry. Bugler Williamson, 13th Light Field Battery. '- li No. 3, oR TEaRD Box2. "1L Colonel O'Brien, 6th Oude Irregular "2. Captain Gordon, 6th Onde Irregulars. "3. Assistant-Surgeon Collison, 6th Oude Irregular "4. Lieutenant Anderson, 22d Native Infantry. "5. Lieutenant Peroival, 13th Light Field Battery. "1 IN No. 4, ort FourTH BoA.T. " LLieutenant Thomas, 22d Native Infantry. "2. Lieutenant Lindesay, 22d Native Infantry. "3. Lieutenant English, 22d Native Inantry. "In the above order we dropped down the river on the ' th a little before sunrise: Whlle dropping down a Sepoy of the 22d (Teg All Khan), who had not joined the muti. neers, was observed following in a canoe. Re hailed and requested to be taken with the party. He was accordingly taken into No. 1 boat. An hour or so after he was taken up he made himself useful in procuring boatmen for Nos. 1 and 2 boats near a village. " After a little delay, which occurred in procuring boat. maen, we again proceeded, and in a short time boats Nos. 1 and 2 passed the town of Adjoodhea. This was between 8 and 9 a.m.; boat No. 3 ws observed to put in at Adjoodhea, and INo. 4 wsB lost sight of, having dropped far tern, Nos. 1 and 2 proceeded on, and after leaving Adjoodbea about three miles in the rear po' to to await th, arrival of Nos. 3 and 4. After waiting two hoursandseang no SIgnS of the boats coming we again proceeded on for about ninecom (orlgiiles)downstreama,whenwens-rved whatap peared to be scouts running adong the rightbankof tberiver, and giving notice of our approach. We thensuspectedall was not right, that we had been duped, and purposely led into danger. On proceeding A little further we distinctly observed a regiment of mounted cavalry, and another of Native infantry in a body, at the narrowestpart of the stream, awaiting our approach. We had no alternative but to proceed on. When Nos. I and 2 boats arnived oppo. site to them they opened a brisk fire on us, Sergeant Matthews, who was one of the rowers, was the first who fell, a ball having struck him at the back of the bead. Another ball struck my bat and kiaocked it Into the stream, sustaining no injury myself. Those in No. 2 boat, about 100 yars behind, seeing our hazardons situation, put their boat to at a sandbank, entirely surrounded by water. We in No. 1 then put to also and went ashore, when Colonel Goldney requested us to lay down our arns and wsit to see if we could come to terms with tbe mutineers, they directing their fire on us (Nos. 1 and 2) the whole time. Some boats with mutineers pushed off from the opposite shore and came towards us. When about the centre of the stream they opened fire on us. Colonel Goldney observing this directed that those who could run should, without any further loss of time, endeavour to escape, remarking that there was not even the shadow of a chance of our meeting with mercy at their hands, and at the same time added that he ws too old bimief to run. We, now seven in number, including Teg Ali Khan, took Colonel Goldney's advice and gave leg ail, taking a direction across country. " I may here mention that from this period we remained in ignorance of the fate of Colonel Goldney and those of No. 2 boat. " We now started, and oontinued running. but did not do so long before meeting with an obstacle which precluded our further advance In the direction we marked out, and this wa the junction of two streams of oonsiderable width. While at a standstill, and deliberating as to our future course, we sAw a number of ne3n coming towards us, whom we took for Sepoys. All but Teg Ali Elan and Sergeant Edwards jumped into the a'Team, and tkought to escape by swimming to the opposite bi-ak. After swimming a short distance Teg AlhlEbau caUlld ua and told us to return, as they were only villagers. 1, Lieutenant Ritchie, and Lioutenant Cautley returned, but Lieutenant Currie and Lieu. tenant PSarons got too far into the stream, anad In endesa vouring to return were both, I regret to say, drowned. I myself narrowly escaped, having twice gone down, but, through the timely aid of one of the villagers, Was afely got out. "'We had no oooner got out of the water than we were again alrmed at seeing a boat fnull of people rounding a point, and thought they too were Sepoys. We now ran and continued our course along the bank, not aissing sight of the streatm, until we were fairly eshausted. We then entered a patch of high grass growing at the river side, or at a rbort distance from it, and rested ourselves. We missed Teg Ali Ehan at this time. While in our place of conoealment a boy herding cattle caught sight of us and ran towards the river, and with his herd crossed over, himself holding on by a buffalo's taL On crosing over it appears he informed the Jemadur of his village of our situation, for shortly after the Jemadar came down and called out to us, and told us not to be alarmed, and that be would bring a boat for us. This he dfd, and on reaching his side of the river he informed us that Teg Ali Khan had reported all the particulars to him aud requested that a party be sent in search of us, and that the boy who had been herding caitle brought him information of where we were. This Jemadar very kindly took us to his hut and entertsined us as hospitably as he conld, sop. plying us with provsions and cots to lie on. We renained nnder his protection til 12 o'clock. and as we had the light of the moon we recommenced our journey, and took the read for Anorah, the Jemadar himsaf accompanying us to tho next village, a little before entering which we were surrounded by a pasty of freebooters, who demandedmoney. We told them we had none, bat this did not serve them, and they satisfied themselves by searching our persons When satisfied we possessed nothing they offered no molestation, but allowed us to prosecute our journey. On entering the village the Jemadar who accompanied nu, made us over to a Chokeedar and directed him to take us on to the next village, and make us over to the Chokeedar of it; and thus we proceeded On, from village to village tiUl we arrived at &nmorah. Here we were rejoiced to meet the party who belonged to No. 4 boat, who told us that as they could not get their boat along they deserted her, and prooeeded across counmry. We were glad to find that these gentlemen had arms, for we who had joined them had not even a stick. I must not forget to mention that Teg All Khan again formed one of our party, for welost sight of him crossing the river, where we experience d the kind treatment at the village .;emadar's hands, We did not remain more than a few minutes at AAmorah, as weG ere anxious to renew our journey. The Tussildars, weho at this place gave us protection, further aided us by giving each a couple of rnpees, and one pony to Lieutenant Ritchie and another to Lieutenant Cautly for the journey. We again sSarted (now at 7 am. of the 10th), tai;ng the road to Captain Gunge, under the guidance of a couple of Thannab Burkundages. "I We reached Captain Gunge safely, and inquired at the Tebsildanee if there were any Europsan residents atBrstee, a place of some note, andvwere informed by the jemadar that there were not, but were told that he had received information that a party of the 17th Native Infantry, with treasure, had marched from Gorukpore, and were en route to Fyzabad, and had halted at Bustee, and advised us not to take the road to Bustee, but to go to Ghie Ghat, where he said we would meet with protection and get boats to Dina. pore. The jemadar furnished us with five ponies and 50 rupees, andput us under the protection of three Bark-undages, giving them directions to proceed directly to Ghie Ghat. We accordingly started, and after making about eight miles sighted a viUage (Mehaadubbab), which one of the Burkundages invited us togo to, telling us that we couldthere rest ourselves for a short time, and that he would refresh us writhsherbet. We agreed, and this Burkundage who gave the invitation started off ahead, with tho pretence of getting ready a place of accommodation and the sherbet. " Nothing doubting that all was right, we proceedod on, As weothought in perfect safety. On nearing the village this Burkundaze again joined us, and had some conversation apart with the two other men. On our reaching it vie observed to our horror that the whole vilage was armed. However, we made no remark, but passed through it under the guidance of the three Bnrkundages, On getting to the end we had to cross a nullah, or small stream, waist-deep in water. WhUe crossing the vllagers rushed on us sword I and matchlock in hand. Seeing that they were bent on our destruction, we pushed through the water as quickly as pos sible, not, however, without leaving one of our number bohind, who unfortunately was the last, and him (Lieutenant Lindesay) they out to pieces. On reaching the opposite bank the villagers made a furious attack on us, literally butchering five of our party. "I and Lieutenant Cautly then ran, and most of the mob in full chase after us. Lieutenant Cautly, after running about 300 yards, declared he could run no longer and stopped. On the mob reaching him he also was out to pieces. After despatching poor Lieutenant Cautly they continued the chase after me, but atter ranning a short distance, and finding that I was a long way off, they desisted. 1 I was now the only one left, not having even Teg Ali Khan with me. I proceeded on, and in a short time came to a vilage, and the first person I met was a Brahmin, of whom I begged a dArink of water, telling him I was exhausted. He asked me where I came from, and what had happened to me. I told my tale as quickly as I could, and he appeared to compassionate my case. He assured me that no harm would come to me in his village, and that, as the villagers were all Brahmins, others would not dare to enter It to do me any harm. He then directed me to be seated under a shady tree in the village, and left me. After a short absence he returned, bringing with him a large bowl of sherbet. This I drank greedily, and was hardly done when he started up and bade me run for my life, as Baboo Bully Singh was approaching the village. I got up and attempted to run, but found I could not, and tried to to get to some hiding place. In going through a lane I met an old woman, and she pointed out an empty hut and bade me run into it. I did so, and findiDg in it a quantity of straw I lay down, and thought to conceal myself in it. I was not long there when eome of Bully Singb's men entered and commenced a search, and usea their lances and tulwrsz in probing into the straw. Of course it was not long beforo I was discovered. I wa dragged out by the hair of the head and exhibited to the view of the natives, who had congregated round him, when all kinds of abusive epithets were applied to me. He then commenced a march, leading me from village to village, exhibiting me, and the rabble at my heels hooting at and abusiDg me. "After passing through each, his menusedtostop and tell me to kneel, and then to ask Bully Sing if they were to decapitate me. H is usual reply was, I Not yet, take him on to the next viUlage.' I in this manner passed through three villageS, and was then taken to his own house. I was led into the court-yard and put into the stocks; this Wa about night-falL During the night I heard angry words pas3 between Bully Singh andhis brotber. I oould not exactly make out the particulars, but I remember his brother telling him to beware of what be was doing, and that his acts of ihis day woul3d perbaps recoil upon himself, Hlowever, the result of the quarrel proved in every wAy benefiell to me, for about 3 in the morPing BEry Singh came to me himself, direced my relese from the stocks, asked me if I should not lIke to, pe something to eat and drinki and his bearing towards me Ws entirely changed and different from what it had beet. "The following morning a party made their appea ce, headed by a villain named Jailir All, whom I recognized. as the person who sbot pwor Lieutenant Bitchie the previous day, and also fired at me. Of this he made a bogat to Br1 Singh wben he saw me, and asked Bully Singh to make me over to him, and that he would born me alive. IIe wa told, in reply, that I would be delivered over to no person, snd to quit the place. This rasca saik my kismuth (fate) wra very good. " I remained at Bnly Si,gh's 10 days, during which time I had no reason to comphla of the treatment received; but this I mainly attibuted to the interference of his brother oIL my behalf. On the tenth day a Mr. Pippy sent a dawgah, with an elephant and an escort, to take me to him. I was ga of the opportunity, and willingly accompanied the party; but it was not without tome trouble and a good deal of permna. aion that the da-gah induced Bully Singh to let me go. " Previously to this a Lr. Cook, indigo planter, and Mr. Patterson, collector of Goruckpore, made several atteipt to get me away from Bully Singh, but to no purpose. I hera offer my beat and most grateful ckowledgmenbt to all these gent!eunen for their kind consideration and endeavours on my behalf. " On joining Mfr. PipPy, I proceeded with him to Captaln GUnge, and there, to my joy, Imet Colonel Lennox and his family, Here We ramained for the reet of the day and, the nigbt. " The next morning I acompanied Colonel Lennox .nd family to Bustee, escorted by a party of sowars. Here we were most hcspilably entertained by Mr. Osborne, of the opium department. I shall not Soon, myself, forget thli gentlemans kindnesa, nor that of Colonel Lennox to me, and here offer to both my hearty and uinoore thanks. At Budtea we were joined by Teg AR Khan, who managed to effect his escape from the onslaught at Mohadubbeh. "At Bustee we halted two days, and in the evening proceeded to Goruckpore, thenoe to Azhnghur, and from Aziighur to Ghazeepore, without anything further of note occurring. At this station I arrived on the morning of the 2ffth, thankful to Provideuce for bringing me safely through all my difficulties."
TO THE RnvmTOk (W 'rr 'rua S3ir,-The accompanying exctract from an English letter of a District Moonsiff (judge of petty court of first instance), reGiding at the town of /)oruck. pore, nway prove of interest. The writer, a young man, is a Brahmnin, a native of Bengal, vrho received his education at the uindoo College, Calcutta. 14ndon, Sept. 28. P- The intelligence of the mutinie6 and rebellions must have reached you. I cannot say how anxiously we a passing our days. Since the beginning of last month every ninute we expect to be our last, snd we are In momentary terror of having our heads cut off, but tba}k Heaven we wr Fafe up to this time, Owing to the good Ltd tlmtly arrangemuents made by our excellent judge and magistrate, Mesrs Wynyard and Paterson, we have escaped the geue. ral lot. " On the 8th ult, the convicts here endeavoured to break offfrom the gaol, but tbey were repreEsed with vigour, and dx of them wreo shot dowrn by the guards. Several zemin. dara towards Burhulgumge and Bustee had also becomo troublesome, but the tact, judgment, and perseveranoe of tho gentlemen above named have surmounted every difficulty, Lud the town of Goruckpore is one of the fortunate feev whioh did not fall into the hands of the rebels. 800 Nepaulese soldiers have come into the station, and five regiments more, each 600 strong, areon their wal from Nepaul, so that we hAve no appArent cause of fear at present. " It can not but give pain even to the most hard.heared to hear of the cruelties indicted by the barbarona traitors upon persons of all age and sex. The innocent, 2mleee bxbe and the helplews women even did not escape their bWrbariiet "The account of these macres wil remain au everlating stigma upon the character of the natives of Hindostan. " What is mnore painful to us 4s, that some unprincipled unoovenanted judges and deputy.collectors have also joined the rebels and murdered their 13ropean wsperiors in cold blood. This act of theirs should, as a natural oonsequenoo, produce distrast upon the whole body of native judges, and the innocent will thus suffer with the guilty. But I am sure our ldnd and considerate Government will make a distinction between the innocent and gailty. " The whole country Is now in a disorganized ate. There re but few places in the North-Western Provinces in which anything that may be called Government has been preserved. The villagersare plundering eachother, andthegoodoldtimes of the Mahrattaa and. Pindarees may be said to have retrned. Fortunately, however, troops are pouring in daily, and in a few months India will be restored to its former tran. quillity and peace. "Nena Sahib, the self-styled Kiog of Bithoor, and the personal incarnation of the devil, has been successdvely defeated in three pitched battles by General Havelock, his guns, ammunition, baggage, and all captured, and his proud palaces at Bithoor reduced to ashes. So himself has, however, escaped, but will I hope be soon apprehended and meet with the punishment to which he has made himself justly liable. " I remainu, honoured Sir, your most obedient and faithful servant, "PEARE MOLTnI BAxi "Ooruckpore, July 29, 1857. " P.S Since writing the above I have heard that the 12th Regiment of Irregular Cavalry stationed at Segowlee have mutinied and killed their commanding officer, and, having entred this district, have plundered Selimpore and intend to march upon this place. A Nepaulese regiment has, however, very opportunely arrived here just now, and conse we are again safe."
GEOAERAL BAYBLOCK. TO TTIB EDITOR OF THB TIMES. Sir,- One of your contemporaries has lately informed the public, I presume in bitter irony, that Her Majeatys Government has taken the earliest opportunity of testlfying its sense of the services of Generaliavelock by giving him a good service pension of 1001. peOnnura. Sir, I am a soldier of 21 years' standing, who have endeavoured to learn my profession, and have read with pas. eionate admiration of the heroic constancy and devotion of soldiers of the British army at all periods of its history; but never did I read of any achievements or of any devotion or fortitude superior to those which have been displayed by the handful of heroes who have been led by the avenger of his countrywomen on their victorious march of inoewant fighting from Allahabad towards Lucknow-fighting no only against those human devils, the rebellious soldiers of the Company, but against a deadly aun ndn a deadly pestilence. Sir, the great deeds of Wellington, from tbe beginning to the end of his brilliant life, never lay so near the hearte of theEnglish people, and never found so loud anecho in them, as those which General Havelock has crowded into a few weeks. I am not comparing the victories of General Havelock with those of Wellington in the abstract, but I do say that English pulses never so beat for Wellington's most brilliant victories as they have done to the incidents of Havelock's avenging march. Yet the Government insults the feelings of the country by rewrding with a pecuniary dole the man wbose name is blessed by every Englisb wife and mother, and to wbose skill and energy, if India be preserved to us at the present time, that preservation will be mainly attributable. I only echo the sentiments of most men in the British army in saying that I should feel it more glory to have formed one of Havelock's force tban to have fought at Waterloo. I say the odds were infinitely greater against bim; the interests for which he fought were equally great, and they were infinitely nearer to our hearts. When all the circumstances of his situation are fairly considered, the achievements of General Havelook are unsurpaed by any in the history of England, and the smallest reoognition of his services which Will satisfy his countrymen Is that he be made a Lieutenant-General and G.C.B. But probably the routine of the servioe stands In the way. Our governors havy shown that they can disregard routine when it suits their purpose. Let thea keep routinu for little deeds-these are great ones. Can any one of the batch of KC.B.'s mrade after the Crimean war comparo in his services for one moment with General Eavelock ? Can even Sir W. Williams of Kxrs, to whom the conutry his been so lavish, eompare with him ? Must England always be open to the reproach of reward. ing with indiscreet profusion or with unworthy parsimony ? Or does the British Government act on the cold-blooded rule of the Rltmau Senate, which denied a triumph to the Consuls whe took Capua from Hannibal on the ground that they had only recovered that whlch originalUl belonged to the republic ? It is, perhape, because Hvelock has only overcome SepDOy mutineers that he is otl thought worthy of any rewvard except a pecuniary one, to which he was well entitled before. Any matl that arrives from India may tall us that this good man and good soldier has fallen in the fulfklment of his great mission. Let is not have to reproach ourselves that we did not recognize his merits until ho was no longer able to derive comfort and encouragement from the recognition. Youlr obedient servant. A 3OLDIER, Z4p' ; /.
LAW RBPOBT. VICE-CIANCELLOR'8 COURT (VACATIONI- IPSWICH, MONDAY. tl2SJerc VtcC-Uhancaelor Sir W. P. WOOD.) IN RE THE LONDON AND EASTERN BANKING CORPORATION. This was a sitting to adjudicate on a petition presented by two shareholders of the bank under the Joint-Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1S4 and 1849, praying that an order migbt be made for its winding up. Mr. Roxburgh appeared for the petitioners (instructed by Messrs. Tucker, Greville, and Tucker); Mr. Olasee, for shareholders; Mr. Bovill, for General Brookes and other shareholders; Mr. Rodwel, for the Agra Bank; Mr. Druce, for the Oriental Bank; and Mr Bromiebead, for Colonel Yates, a director of the London and Eastern Bank. Sir W. P. WOOD inquired if there were any special rea. sons why he should hear the case duriDg the vacation. Mr. ROXBURGH said that in March last a committee had been appointed to wind up the affairs of the bank. The bank had a very large business. The whole of the paid-up capital was lost, and its charter provided that the batk should be dissolved when it had lost 75 per cent. of its capitaL Th company was not then dissolved, but embodied in the Oriental Bank, that bank lending a sum cIf money to relieve the Eastern Bank of pressing liabilities. That might have been a desirable course at the time, but circumiistances had since become developed which called for the presentatioa of this petition. The arrangement referred to handed over tbe whole of the estate to the Oriental Bank. The shareholders had previously paid 501. upon each sbare, and they had since been required to give their promishory notes at 12 months for a further 501. per sbare. His clients objected to pay this second call, which they tl.ought otught not to have been made. The paid-up capital of the bank was 250,0001, and it appeared that at the time of its suspension, on the 7th of March last, a bum of 237,0001. was oaving by one of its directors (Colonel Waugh). This was excusive of a very large sum advanced to other directors. During the time this stato of things was going on-a timue when every shiling of the capital had been lost anid liabilities had been Incurred to the further amount of 200,0001. or 300,0001-the directors had been paying dividends at the rate of 6 per cent. out of the alleged profits. Sir W. P. WooD.- What is it that vou immediately ask , Mr. ROxYLnsBUR.-For an order against the Oriental Bank. They were about to sell immediately. The estate of Colonel Waugh ought to be taken care of. Sir W. P. WOOD,-They could not sue you on calls. Mr. Roxnosvius.-.-No. Mr. DRIuCe said the Oriental Bank were 2ot making any attenpt to sell the property referred to. Sir W. P. WOOD again inquired, why bring the petition before him during the vacation ? He had heard nothing to convince him that irremediable damage would be done. After a few words from MIr. GLASSZ and Mr. RoxB3URG}}, Mr. DRuCE objected to the petition. The Oriental Bank had advanced upwards of 100,0001. The pending of the petition miight have the effect of paralyzing arrangements. Mr. GLiSsE observed that he appeared, not for the directors, but for the holders of 2,328 shares, who were prepared if this petition were dismissed to pay up their ~'calls. Sir W. P. WooD said he thought the petition ought to s5nd over for the present. Mr. BOVJLL said, there was an arrangement under which the Oriental Bank was to advance 10,0001. more. It was not desirable that this petition should be acceded to. Mr. DRuCE.-Its effect would be to place the hank for two months in a position of difficulty. Sir W. P.WOOD.-At present I see no reason why the petition should be heard in the nmiddle of the vacation. The same circunistibces existed six months ago. Jlow many shares do the petitioners hold ? Mr. ROxBuRGil.-Two shares of 501. each. The amount may be small, but the accounts of the bank require investigation. Air. DRVuc suggested an adjournment without prejudice, or the dismissal of the petition. SirW. P.WOOD.-If I dismiss thispetition there isnothing to prevent another petition being presented to-morrow. Mr. GLA88X observed that, although circulars had been issned calling upon them to do so, and there were 88 share. holders in England, not a single independent shareholder had come forward to support this petition. Sir W. P.WOOD referred to&a caw quite as unfavourable, in ,which the Master of the Rolls found considerable difficulty In deciding that there should be a winding-up order, and consented to the shareholders winding up the company themselves. Mr. ROXB:sv1Gi referred the Court to the case of the Cheltenham and Glocestershire Banking Company, a weaker ase than this, although analogous, in which it had granted a winding-up order. Sir W. P. WOOD observed that in this case, although the shareholders had an equal right, two only appeared to take a different view from the other shareholders, lie did not see any harm in deferring the consideration of the order. Mr. DRUCE.-What the bank fears is that they can hardly proceed pending a petition of this kind. Sir . P.WOOD.-There is no possible help for that. It would be an exceedingly bad precedent to hear a petition of this kind during vacation. Unwilling that gentlemen should be put to so great expense, I suggested that it should not be brought on. Mr. RoxBURG11.-Unfortunately the suggestlon was not received until the advertisement had been issued. Mr. Roxburgh proceeded to nxrge that, although the two share. holders represented by himself had paid only 1001., and ware at present lia'l, upon calls to the amount of only 1001. more, they were quite satisfied, as matters were proceeding, that the additional 501. upon each of the two shares would not meet their liabilities. The course pursued by the directors had been most reckless and disgraceful. They had not as yet rendered the smallest account to the shareholders. In their accounts published no mention was made of the advances to the directors, which altogether amounted to about 389,0001. Within six months every farthing of the capital of the bank was gone among tho directors. Were shareholders to have no remedy'? The accounts of the bank ought to be investigated. It might turn out that they were not as represented, and that 500,0004 had not been lost by these gentlemen lending money to each other. Such a transaction must be investigated. He was satisfied that upon the Court hearing the petition he should get by a short cut that which he was sure the Court would grant if the petitioners were to file a bill. Sir W. P. WOOD.-There might be difficulties in totally disposing of the petition now. Mr. GLASSz observed that the respondents had a triumphant answer. They could not consent to the petition standing over, because it would occasion a serious amount of difficulty and embarrassment. It would be an abuse of the Act of Parliament. Sir W, P. WOOD.-It will be a bad precedent, but under the circumstances I will hear the petition during the vacation. You may proceed with the case. Mr. Roxburgh then proceeded to read the petition. The whole of this document appeared in 27te Tivies of the 8th of September. lt is sufficient here to enumerate its more salient points. The company was formed in 1854, in 5,000 shares of 1001. each, of wbich 501. per share was paid up. The paid-up capital wasthus 250,0001. The charter requirea the directors to caU a general meeting of the shareholders whenever the company had lost 2U1. per cent. of its eapital ; and whenever a loss of at least 75 per cent. had been in. curred any shareholder might call a meeting with a view to the dissolution of the conmpany. The direct,rs of the said company were the Hen. Cadwallader Er3kine, chairman; Mr. John Carnac Morris, deputy-chairman; Colonei Chadwiok, Mr. Henry Fendall, Mr. Jobn Edward Stephens and Colonel William Petrie Waugh; and the said John E. Stephens was also the manager. Very shortly after the said company had commniced business the directors commenced making advances out of the paid-up capital of the said company to each other on insufficient or withont any security oth5r than personal, and at a rate of interest considerably lower than would and ought to have been obtained for suchadvances had the same been made to persons unconnected with the said directors and in the ordinary and proper conduct of the business of the said hank, and among others to the said John Carnac MIorris, John Edward Stephen, and Colonel Waugh. The directors advanced and lent to Colonel Waugh the sum of 237 0001. upon security of a nature and value wholly in. sufficient to warrant such an advance, even if made bond fie to a stranger; and upon the realization of such security a loss to the amount of 100,0001. and upwards, or some other very considerable loss, will in all probability arise. That the said Colonel Waugh has since the stoppage of the busineEssof the said banking company become bankrupt. That the mode in which such advances had been made and the capital of the company dealt with by the directors was wholy concealed by them fromn the shareholders until after the failure of the said company, and, although they continued to hold meetings of theshareholders, no mention whatever was mado in any of their accounts or statements that the company was in any other than a flourishing condition, and that its paidup capital was invested upon good and sufficient security. That the first annual meeting of sharebolders ia the said company was held on the 31st of July, 1856, when a resort was presented by the directors, with the account of assets and liabilities; but neither in the statement of assets nor In the said report is there any mention made of the advances made to the said directors. That the directors, according to the provisions of the said statute, published in the London Gazette a monthly statement of assets and liabilities, and the last monthb statement which they published of the assets and liabilities of the said company on the 27th of February 1857, dated from the head office in Cannon-street, and signed by the said John Edward Stephens, manager, and among the assets is the followin& item :-" East India and Government secuities was hlUs of exchange, Treasury and agency draughts, creditb, discounts, and cash in hand, 989,9251 14s. 4d." That such item was delusive and untrue, inasmuch as therein was included the advances made to the said ColonelWaugh, then amounting to 237,0001., which absorbed nearly the wbole of the paid-up capital of the company,and which so. cDrity the direotors then well knew was not only insufficient, but not immediately avaiilble even to the extent of Its sutff. ciency, and it included also the advances made to the said John Carnac Morris and the said John Edward Stephens, the managor. That In less than a month after the publication of the said statement the business of the company as bankcers stopped, and a meeting of the sbareholders was called and held on 'he 25th of March, 1857, at which meeting the shareholders were for the first time made aware of the alarming position of their affairs, and tbat the liabilities of the said company over and above the assets expected to be realized exceeded 240,0001., and that not only was the capital paid up of 501. on each share lost, but that it would require at least the remaining 501. per sbare to be paid up by the shareholders, who were all individually re6ponsible for the full amount of the total liabilities of the said company. Mlr. RoXBURoH proceeded to state that all the material averments in the petition were uncontradicted by the affidavite since filed by the other side. To refer more in detail to docaments; it was under such a state of hings that at the second sunnual general meeting of the proprietors of the bank, held on Monday, the 21st o' July, 185, resolutions 'were passed, including the following- "MovedI by the Hlon. J. U,L Eaakime, seconded by Mr. John Carus z;rsIs: - ' That the report,balance-sheet, and accounts, as eaiby themansI er, be approved and adopte,1' "Proposed by Mr. W. Felgate, seconded by Colnel Bond- "'That the steps taken by the director. for e,stabtiehing brancebe of the corporation in Mark-lane and Pall-mall be approved by Lbl, meeting.'"1 Subjoined is a6 COPY Of the above referred to " The directors in meeting the shareholdero for the firt tlme, for the purpoee or laying before them the account8 for a complete twelve maonth, have great sa tIfactIon In drawing their attention to the sos. cesf ul result ox the hank's operations for the ye3r 19Sll. "The audited accotunts have ailready been placed tin the hands of the shareholderm and from them It will be reen thast the net profite of the year, af ter payment of all expenses and writing off bad debts, saniuni to ;E25,378 7e. Sd., exceeding 10 per cent. upon the padr-op capital of the bank. The shareholders have already received for the past year twobhalfyeaclydluidends at the rate of 6per cent. perarnunm, aud onithlsoccason the directors do not recommend any further distribution of the yoears profits. bat purpose reserving the blAance-viz.. £10.378 1's. Si, to he carried to the cred,it of the rest, or eurplus fond, whichL they are deair ons of gradaaljy and isteadily accumulating. It wHil be ohserved that the accounts now presented exhibit the bank's operations only for the yeas ending the 31st of December last, it being Impracticabl. to close and exhibit them to a later period, Iu consequence of the necessity for awaiting the receipt of the audited aceunta of the Cialcutta and Bombay, brasebes before the general balance-sheet can be struck and the actual pr ,fta of the hAnk ascertained; hot, from the large profile made at the heed ollica and bate branches during the past half-year, the directors have ample funds out of which to declare the noasa dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. Per annum to the lOch of June last, and the warrnts for such dividend will be Issued to the shareholders immediately, payable on and af ter the lIst Inst. " The directors desire to call the attention of the shareholders to the great and steady inareawe of the hank's operations as shown by the statements publishedl mikte ' London Gazette'- that whereastise total amount of the massts and liabilities of the ha',k amnounted on the 30th of June, 1812. to the sum of £418,384 I6s. Sdt, tiivy had Increased by the 30th of June, 1836, to £1,166,721 4s. Sd. " The directors fsetl Confident that the practice they have introduced of offering to the publis a higher rain of interest than that grant-ed by other London banks for suns depoeited for loig fixesi Deriods is founded on sound prisciples, end Cannot fail to prove e-t rmnch advar,tage, since they are enabled to employ the fu,,ds thus, obtained through the Indian branches of the bank safely, and at highly renanems rative rates, "1The bank hoas already received consIderable soime in depoeatt for periods fixed at from three to fi-e years certain, at 4j tq 6 per osut. interes. For smsa depogited for short periods, or at call, the bank having Only ike same hleld for employment of such funds aA the other banks, does not, of course, allow highes rates of intezest than the current London rates. " The Indian braniches, moreover, afrord a ready outltet for the Drofitable employment of ouch portlon of the b.nk's capital as cannot be advantageously used during periods of gret abundlange of money in this country. "1The eucoeso which has atteneed the eatabilhebmnt of the hfyde Park branch has induced the directors to open two otber brarches in London-vie., one at 44 Mark-lane, and the other at 20, Pall.mall from whichL they anticipate much advantage, and resolutions to Con' firn which will be brought before you at this meeting. " JOBN 0. EftaKINcE, Chairman, "J. E. STEPHENS, Genezal Manager. The following is a statement of the liabilities and assets of the comapany to the 31st of Decensber, 18-55 :-Liabilities-- To sbarsholdets on capital account, 250,0601. ; fixed and iloatingdepoei', -3and dre6ugbtsin circulation. 380,404418s.3d.; profit andloss, 25,3781. 7s. 5d. ; total, 655,7831. sr. 8d.Th assets are-by Indiant branohes, 57,3001. ; Exchequer-bills, Government securities, bills of exchange, Treasury anid agency draughts, and cash In hand, 252,8011l. 7s. 3d. ; bills discounted, advances, and credits, 338,7091. ills. 4d, ; stamps, 2161,iSo prelminay expnses ban furniture, &c., 6,751,lOs id; tta, 65,731,Sr.Sd,Inthe profit and Icesaccunt th ne prfitcariedto ividend account for he ear ndig l)cemer 3, 155,is stated at 25,w S. 7, d.,andthegrss roft drig the same period Mr. ROXBL-RGH remarked that in the above report not a word was said about the directors' advances to themselves, and that it wan impossible for any shareholder to suppose for a moment that at this time every farthing of the capita of the bank had found Its way into the pookets of the dlirectors. This report, as signed by the mianager, Stephens, was utterly delusive and untrue, and the directors maust have known it, Stephens a-nd Cameao Morris were two directors who had made affidavits In reply to this ptition, but their affidavits failed to mneot its allegations. Not one line, in fact, had been answered. The petitioners under such a s tate of olroumstances, had ceased to have any confidence, and they objected to the conduot and management of the affairs Of the bank being retained by a committee in the most remote way subject to their influence. The petitionersbelieved at the time that the arrangemnent with the Oriental Bank might be a temporary one, and therefore not disadvantageous. The case was different now. The Eastern Bank had large transactions and accounts, yet the Oriental Bank had got all this business without the payment of anything for goodwill. The supervision had been left to five gezitlemen of fortune who kcnew little or nothing of business. Mr. Stewart was the manager; and quotations which he would make from the affidav-it of Mr. Stewart would show the preisent state of affairs. As coming from a gentlemaan opposed to the petition, they did not convey a very favourable view of the prospects, of shareholders if they remained under the coto of that gentleman and the commuittee of manage. raent. Subioined are a few of the loading statements of Mr. Stewart : "That I have been for 21 years engaged In b:.nking, and during upwards of the Iset 13 years I have held and now helli a situation as one of the principal officers in the Oriental Bask. TFlat oni the 6th of April, 1557, 1 was aplpointed the mnanager of the London and Eastern Bank In endeavouring to arrange ita affairs. That in Mlarch, 1857, the shint a-nd ilbilliles of the said bank were fuosed to be £397,734, and the feneral aseete were estimated to amount to £413,452, buttbe greter part of such arsets not being imumedistely available and the liabilitice being preesing the directors determained not to under take any new buslne,s. That on the 20th of Marsh Mlr. J. E. Coleman addressed a circular to the several shareholders, In which he stated that the best investigationi lwhich the thus allowed enabled him to make wastbat by proper sea. nagemnent the debts that were owing, together with the securities held by the bank, could be reailred roeas to par all the engagements o.f the bank and to leave a surplus, Having referred at great length to the circurnetancee under wrhich the Oriental Ban1k had subsequent to the 7th of March advanced £104,000, and three other Indian banks had also given conaidembhle aid, security being given to the Orientsl bank in the form of the promileaory notes of shareholders at 12 mnonths and ether security, the asindavit states thakt the four banks had engaged to give such aid as was necessary to carry out all the engagmemets of the bank with their creditors. bat stipulated that the shareholders should niot only give tte said promissory notes to an Amount satisfartery to the bank, but also place the property of the h'ank under their control, That itwas found necezsary toremit forth. with a umof £104,100 tomeet the liabilities of thebank in Indla,.That amaong the sewo;utions come to by the commnittee and said manager was raeO that Mr. Stephens be required to retign the office of manager of the bank ; that all the shareholders present at & certain meeting do at once sIgn tho said Dromiesozy nota,s for lO per eent., payable on their sabres; that all absent shareholders be Called upon for the like : that the last-menxtioned recoiution had been signed byr upwards of 2,660 shareholders ; that a circular, dated March 16, 1887, was ,igmed by Coloniel Yates. Hescry E. Bevilie. end W. Nf. Oanln, most rarnestly requseting cooperation in or-er tha: disastrous and ruinous consequence may be averted, and that they hope by the arrangements refenred to therein they may prereve a nortion o5 the capital sub' scribed for division, Mr. Stewart proceeds to state that when the afore' said promissory notes wer ethus taken thze said committee uf eshaebold er~sihd solid reason to hope that they wvould be enabled to proceed with snd effect the liquidation of the linbllilies of the bank without calling upon the shareholder, who had given the promis&ory notes for actual payment; that it had been agreed that all the negotiable eecurltts5l end other wets iof the London land Eastern Bant, Including the P-lato' pictures, furaiture, and effects belonging to Colonel Waugh, Air Bralne, and others, should be placed under the control of the Oriental Bank, and that the Oriental Bank, upon the verification of Mr. Colemaw-s valuation of assets, had agreed to maes advances from time to 'hue to the extent of £120,50s.; 'bat he (USr. Stewart) commenced his duties as manager on the Ilth of April, 1857.! that the debts and liabilIties of the hank were then, acco-dlng to Mr. Coleman, the arcountant, £340,240, and the iorets £314.010: that the board, In compliance with the wish expresecd by the assioting banks, have made a call on the shareholders. The committee, howsever, felt It right to intimaate that this call woul1d only be enforced against those shareholders who might not give their poremiaoory-notes, and are glad to saY that the sharholders in England who have emitted to give their notesarem very few, and they have every belief that the shareholders In India, an well as in England, W wilcncur In giving their notes. That they have re,iuested Mir. Colemnan to investigate all the affairs of the bank from its first c=mmencemuent, and they will be Drevaved at a future occasion to lamy the resuilt before the shareholders; and the directors, in whets naes this nreort is formally Issued. have pledged themselves land hereby renew that pledge) to afford evey information and assistance to Mlr. Colemnan. The conm. mittee at the same time think it sight to state ta the sarenholders that theyconseider that ot the prueset time any detaled statemenAtof the transactions in which the directcrr or officliashare been Persnally engaged might impair the due progress of the administration. They are of Opinion, anid they liope it will be the ODsnlun of the shareholders that, as the) arranigements made will enable the bank to fulfil its engagemeutB to the pablit. tieo publis can at the present time have no right to inqulreeinto their sff airs if ouh hiquiry Is in the slIhtest degree detrimental to the otject of carrying out the means Of Paling all the creditors. In makinag th~es observations the committee wish meet emphatically todeclare that they reFresent the in tere6sot tOsueodr.*a of the sh 3rsholder riorl, andd of sepen their assurance that they wDll not be influenced by any other consideration. The committee are advised that It is noat important that the corporation should continue to exist in Its fullest integrity aocording to the provisions of the letters patent. They think it right to state in justice to the directors, that ttey have expressed their wiDr2noes to retire, azid that suce the meeting of the 25th of lLuech they haye been reedy to give every assistance and information to the commIttee, and have acted fully in co:formalty with Its directions. They have requested Ms. Colenan to furniah them with a shoet alate. ment showing the proges of the admeustration to the llth of April, the date upon which Mr. Stuart formally towk upon himself thc managership of the banX by which it appears th.t the liabilities of the bank were reduced between the 11th of March and the 11th of April frOm £397,734 to £340.240. The general astets cf the bank now re maining are estimated to yield £16,052 above the eitimates made on the 25d of 3arsh. The securities held for the debt due from Colonel Waugh to the bank are estimated not to yield, by a sEum of £38,000, so much as they were estimated to do en tbe 23d of March. The result of these altered estiumate is that the estimated surplus of e£15,718, as shown on the statement of the 23d of Mrarch, is now changed to an estimated deficiency of £6,230. Sbarebolders of the sald London sad Eastern Banking CorporaUon holding 4,170 shares out of the total number of 6,000 shares, bare already, in pur tuacoe of their sald arraugercentr, given their promissory notes for the whole E0 per oeat. of the capital remaining unpaid, in Dropordon to their sbares, to the amount of £166,760, psyable as atoreaid. The shareholders in England wbo have not yet given their Promissory notes hold 386 shares including 298 held by the sid Colonel Waugh. who haa become bankrupt; and of the residue 88 hiaese only aLe in this country, the remainder being chiefly In India whenceadvice of promirsory notes being receivedcomesforwardb erery mai. "The result of the liquldailon of the affaIn of the said London and Sa stern BankIng Corporation, by and under the ouperintendeneo of the said committee of shareholders up to the 6th of September, 1857, in as fol:ows:-The roriginal amouet of the hlablities on the l11th of March, 1857, was £397,734; frome that date to the 5th of September the debte and 611abilMiea have been discbarted to the amount of £210,351; leavingaeahbalace due in respect ot the original debiseand liabilities, £157,383; to Which is to be added the amount now due to the Otiental Bank orporation in respect of their advances in the oare of the lquidation, £101,000, makina a totAl of £238,383. Aialuiat that liabilts the Orientl Balnk Corporation hoid the promrsoMy notes of the shareholdars for their unpaid capital to the anount of £100,750. The "gets yet unrealize of the bank are extimated to reoauoe abouSt ;616000 to £170,000. ID pumuanos of the arraugenents rodefow the liqudaton of the affairs of the London and }estern Bak, the various landod properties held by the said bank as erities for debts due to them were offered for sia; but in oonsequence or the state of the money-market, and otber unforoseen clrcumatancer, no adequate price was ofiered for them, and they were consequently bought in, and It was tlso found that longer time than had beeu antidpated would be neceawy to collect and get in the oStetanding debts due to the bank." Subjoined is an extraot from a letter written on behalf of the committee, signed by H. E. Beville- "In a circular letter Isued by the committeo on the 9th of April lan It was intimated to you that the directors of the bank had, under advioe and by the decire of the committee of shareholders, made a call of £15 per share, and that further calls would from timne to time be made; and It was added that those shareholders who gave their promls3ory notes at 12 months for the 50 per cent. upon their thauewould not be excectod to pay the calls a they feU due. In the report to the hareholders made at the general meeting on the 20th cf July, the esti.ated jieficlenoy io stated at £12,710, and it was expected that a sufficient Droportion of the available assets COuld be seaized In timo so meet current liabilities. In both points, however, the committee find themsclves disappointd, an extension of time bing ee b lutely necesSary for the advantageous dispoi of the now valuable properties, wbile subsequent estimats have oonsiderably reduced the amount to be looked for. Under these circumastanos, being disappointed of the large amount which they expected, and funds being requlcite to answer Immediate and prescing demand, the committee have no alternative but to require the share. holders to paj up, en or befora Tuesday, the 16th of September next, the call of £15 per share payable on the 24th of April ult. The amount of the cl wvill in ash case be written oft the promissory-note of the shareholder who makes the payment in reductiou of the amoumt claimable from him under his note. The committee tbink It right to impres you that, unless the call is fuly and promptly responded to, it wm be imposidble ti continus the Dqtddation, and they will be oormpelled to place the afairs in bankruptcy, thereby incraing to an enormous extent the expenses of winding-up. The debts and liabilities now remaining due to the Indian banks collectively amount to about £103,000, and the said Indian banks wiU ltll farther forbear to preen their claims, provided the present mode or liqutdation be continued In purauance of tie arrungement originally made on the Zresen bmode of liquidation being agreed upon, a further call ofe£15 per xsre has, in oonformity with the deed of settlement, and with the concurrence of the committee of shareholders, been made on the thareholders, payable on the lst day of August, 1557. The amoumt expected to be received from the shareholders will, with the aid of the further advanoe yet remainng to be made by the Oriental Bank. be ufftiaient to pay and disobhge in fuU all the debts and liabilities of the bank tothogeneral pubLo other tban and exclusive of the Indian banks, The oDmmittee of s wareholdere have caused an action to be brought in the name of the bank against the late manager to recover £8,000 due by i Sm Ahichactin stauds for trial, and they are also about to oDr menoo proceedlngs in equity against his trustees to set aside a settlement executed on his marrage; and the oommIttee of shareholders have made inquiries into the oonduct of the officers ot the bank, and of the directors and others cennected with it: aud they e prepared to insttute allfsuch fur her Investigations, and take a!l such proceedings against thc lae and present directors of, or other persons now or Iltely couneted with, the banik a the shareholders may desire, or as may be. in the judgmeut of thecoommitte, eaculatedtobeneft the shareholders atlarge. T.kiug intoconsideratlo ihat tbere azenot onlydebts and liabilties to beprovided forinCalOcuta and Bombay, but also shareholders residing at ech of these Presidencies, from whom oontrlbutious wil have to be obtained, the liquidation of tho5e debts and the oo71ectiuoa of those funds will be better and more quickly accomplished through the present medium of the Oriental BAnk. Taking also Into oonidera. tion the act that the unrealized property nd aets of the bank are completely secured and proteoted from a undue interference on the part of the Ortental Bank or its director and that the oontribution tf the great body of the shareholders to the extent of the full amount of their shares hba already been secured, and the debts and liablities of the bank can, under the circumstances, be shortly reduoed and broitght into tbe hands of the four Indian banks, who wil then be the only remaning creditors of the oorporation, and that such creditors have forborne to pres their claims to allow of the present mode of liquidation, there Is every robabUlity that by such a cours the payment in fua of al the debts and liabilities of the bank will be accomplished." Mr. ROXBURGH proceeded to comment upon these state. mnents, and submitted that the petitioners had a clear right to have the accounts of the bank taken by this Court. In the case of the Cheltenbam and Glocesiershire Banking Company there was nothing more than a charge of care. leseness. If a bill had been filed for accounts he would have bad an undoubtied right to that, but instead of thus inourring heavy law costs he waa content to ask for a winding-up order. There had been a wilful aud most wrongful violation of duty towards the company. If this petition were allowed the directors would be charged with the loss, and there might be some hope that a portion of their capital would be returned to the unfortunate share. holders. This was a case precisely similar to that of the Royal British Bank, in which the capital of the bank was absorbed by the director Sir P. WOOD observed that, in this ease, the bank wan sustained by means of the promissory notes of its shareholders, Mr. ROXBURGH proceeded :-The directors ought not, under any ciroumstances, to be allowed to squander a sum of 600,0001. without investigation. The committee of ahareholders who had thus obtained these promissory notes and taken the accounts were partly appointed by the directors themselves. Sir P. WOOD.-The property is now out of the contro of the directors. Mr. ROXBuIRG}, having referred to othet parts of his esse, concluded by submitting that he was entitled to a decree that would allow his clients to take the accounts of the company. His Hloxounr said, the petition was from the holders of shares to the amount of only 2001. It was oppsod to the wishes of the body of the shareholders. It would be inconvenient to allow the petitioners to drag the whole body of shareholders into litigation. There was not a single feature in the case different from an ordinary one. Not an action had been brought or tbreatened by any credito::. As regarded the difficulty of making calsi, the course taken was a judicious mode of enabling par. ties to obtain their equities. It was said that an offloial assignee could enforce equal contributions from shareholders, but here a judicious course had been taken by the shareholders in making caDs by means of these promissory notes ; 4,171 shares out of 5,000 had thus given promissory notes. This showed something unusual. They could be sued thereupon, and there was a very summary pTrcesswhich enforced the payment of promissory notes. oXho only oreditors would be the Oriental and other Indian banks, and they were not pressing. The case of the Cheltenhwn and Glocestershire Bank was not analo. gous to this. If it should turn out that the share. holders in this case had contributed nearly equaly, then the case might be reduced to a simple queation. It would be practicable to embody the entire body of shareholders against the directors, and this could be done without a winding-up order. There was not yet a suggestion that it was essential to justice that a winding-up order be granted. The petitioners were not being sued, and the body of shareholders bad a right to a certain equity. The objection to a winding-np order was very great. ae did not believe that the time would ever arrive, much as he desired that it might, when the costs incurred in winding-up an estate in a court of law would be as small as in a case where parties had the widom to wind-up without its Intervention. The two petitioners said they had some hopes of gettizg their money back. They were not so sanguine as to say that they expected by this bank to realize a profit. (Laughter.) There were, however, only two shareholders of their opinion, and it was not altogether reasonable after all that had taken place to accede to their petition. In MArch last they knew of this arrangement with the Oriental Bank. It was not a reasonable course to lie by so long. The petitioners were at a meeting at which it was unanimously resolved to go onwith the committee of management. There was no possible allegation of malversation now. Not one of the direotors had any longer control over the funds or upon calls. Everything was entirely out of their hands. It was a singular circum. stance that two shareholders should have ventured upon so hazardous a petition. His decision was that their petition be dismIssed, and this with oosts as against the individuals who had been served with a copy of the petition. Petition dismissed azcordingly.
lAdvertleement.-Maps of India, &-c., published by Edward Stanford, 6. Uharing.croes:-1. St3nford's New Speial Map of the Bevolttd Diatctes of Bttlsb Inaia ; comprising the NorthWeet Provinces. the Punjab, Upper Bengal, and tho Slatee ot Centria Indis, iucludingtbh localities of theSepey Inourrection, and showing the Railways. Mllitar, andPoet.offlce Stations, &O. P,ioe. in sheet coloured and folded, 2a. 6d.:; i case mounted, S. 2. Delbi and its Enviros.,Sheet. coWoured, Is.; cso, 2s. 6d. B. Stanford's Map of Inbdi, two large sheets, coloIMrd, prioe I1S. *d,; mounted in case 25. rolier vamniehed, Sit 6d. £4 General Map of Indias, with the tatest corecr ins and exhibiting by the mode of oolouring the Britleb Territory the ubsidiary, Tribaary, and Indendeat States. Coloured and folded, price Is.; case, on vard Stanford, 6, Chaisg. crouw'..wo. e Ilist of Meaps of Ibda nu he had on application. [Advertisenaent.]-AnAtliagtis with the "Dlspatch,"- nand after Sunday, October 4, 1867. eoeh eopyof the "Dlspetch"wil be accompanied with a ooloured map. a chart, or the plan of a prndtIpa own, 9 eB atO furnish to eachx rmhscriber, gratis, a moat oomrupe. henoive, complete, and neeful Atlas. The size of the engavings wilm be that of one page of the newopape. Six maps and two plane,ln each year, will be of double the size. t is hoped, in the ourse of a short time, that the "Dispatch Atlas" will contailn more names and poDsttioua of places than any other English publication of the kind. The oountlee will be given separately, and, where large, divided. Wlthin the irst four montht, India wil be more accurately and completely delineated, in a eries of nine map than ixn any tritish Atlas. The names ot the artiste will be the best gnarantee for perfect accuracy. The engravings will be in the hlghest style of art, involving a cost of many thoueands of poundl. Mecharnics institutese cacatonal establoshnent hote4 readitghrem, and coffeehous wDI,n* eufag tabhe Dlerateh Atiasbe msupplied witb a dai4 want. M. "Dispatch Atlas" wlllbeforwardeed gratirwith the pa atthe unajl ori 6de c Wstam d. The drida gedition may' 9 "TeWTruc0le` In tneaost distant parts of the inedom on i3atrcWy Xorring.-Offloe, 139. Fleet-street, London. [Advertiseoment.-" ' QuiW .Is a novel which jtstifies ita dgnif cant tiUe. The characters play at croes pmroses, bu Tisme brns roundhbtreveuges; and thoce who are cbecKmate.l to-day fndthe means of retribution (u the morrow. Sweet ts revenge, epecaly to women. ad probably not the least effective form that femiie Tenpeoe can assume ts for a woman to marry the man who has provoked herresentmftt WtWoeLher viewed with reterence to the siUldfolprtoiture of character, the dramatic oomplication of locidents, or the tgonr and eloquenceof the dinogue, 'Quits,' i an admirable novel, " itty, tWntonUon, graphic, fuU ot brilliant pictures ot Ure and man. ners, It s postively one ot the best of modern storieS, and may be read with delirhtso interest from oover to oover."-MorniDg Post alobsd BenUey. New BurlirEtonostreet. [Adverttsement.-Wylds NIow Maps of Itdla.-IndI alnd Dei-Wld's New Map eof India, with all the Civi and Military showig the Post lloads, Daw3 8taHone, and. itaiways; one sheet, S. i .India the,l B- pautpo tro, one set,Zs,.in ease , 4o, i.; i cae, I. Wpd'sMpIo Delh, wl. Xn*he fetdotons, cantonmoentsd. 6* in sheet, Is.: in case 56 Jams. Wyidw ye£rapher 4ithoeQn, Chlnng-co east, oonsolto Nor, hr er5in next dnor to the ostoffce, and f,Roai3x (Advertisement.jB--ittley s Miscellany, price Hal-a I tJ6ov. Oontent5 for Oaober. No. COL. :-The Engli in lndiaMemolas of Bersuser. by Monkabood-Tire Sledge Drive to C'hurch ; Tale of Norway-AB Fortnight's Sport In the tiehlandse Yews of a InianOffcer. Lie; hap. L II . I.,and IV.-Naooleou Ballads: No,l1 Howr oeoarabLpose, hyWXslterT hcrnwbn.r4t°Y, terlous Vieltor. by the author of "The PaeeIn Bell-..( *thr an( Greate Mdove: Literary Xltseslscents ILife of an rcb1oeet)..ms,.ogon Becotns. byT. P. Gslneted-Tbe East India Company-TheXUlji XXVIII.. 1XXI, and XXX. london, Bilchard Benllcy, NewrBior
BAHRRLBUFWY COUR, BasinghaW,etro, Sept. 28. 1 BRE HERMAN BUSCH. (Be6foe MIr 4MMrri- T-/v-E I -- -.. weiou meesing under the bankruptcy of Hermann Buach, merchant, of No. 2, Coleman-streetbuldings. It appeas from the report of the offieial assignee that the bankrupt, a young German, came to this country in l855, possesIng at that time 501. in cash, and subsequently received ,000' from his sisters, being his interest under his father's will, 8001. of which he invested in a business, which he commenoed in September, 1856. The unsecuredi debts at the date of the stoppage, in August, 1857, amounted to 1,1361; liabiUities, being on acceptances to draughts drawn by Gandoli and discounted by the Generak4 Bank of Switzerland, 6,71n. The assets are about OL . i Mz. Chidley su,ported the bankrupt;- Mr. Holams ap.N peared for the assignees; and Mr. Reynolds, from the offlca; of Messr. Davidson and Bradbury, for the General Bank ofl Switzerland. Mr. CmDLEY remarked that his client had filed his sance-sbeet three weeks since, and was confident of its accuracy, but he understood the assignees required an ad journment for three weeks to inquire into the bankrupt'1 transactions with a perion in Italy. Mr. HOLLAoS observed that, with reference to Mr. ChidJey's first remark, he must say that at present the assignees could form no opinion as to the accuracy of the accounts. The bankrupt nad incurred large liabilities on account of one Gando , and the whole estate was affected by the result of the investigaion into the transactions with that person3. Mr. CHDLLEY sid Gandolfi had been recommended to t'be bankrupt, who had trusted him to the extent of 10,0001., by a gentleman holding a high position in the city of London, notwithstanding which It was found that one fine smorning Gandol6i had absconded from Genoa, and his client had no alternative left but to come to this Court and file his petition. Mr. HOLLAMS intimated that the assignees had instructed their correspondents at Genoa to make every inquiry ater Gandolfi. The bankrupt's dealings with him bad not been exactly in the regular course of trade Mr. CEiDLEY drew the attention of the Conrt to the fact that in the first instance the bankrupt petitioned under the Private Arrangement Act, and his statement of affairs had been before his creditors for aconsiderable time. He by no means wished to resist a reasonable adjournment. His HONOuR granted an adjournment until the 19th of October, and, upothe application of Mr. Chidley, the continuance of tne nankrpt s allowance was ordered. A proof for 1,963C on behalf of the General Bank of Switzerland was admitted lwithout opposition. RE DOCOREE. This was also an examination meeting. The bankrupt was a licensed victualler, of the Shakspeare's Head, Percival-street, ClerkenwelL The :alance-sheet shows that the bankrupt originally commenced business mwith a capital of 1,0001., and had Iven 1,0801. for the lease and goodwill of the house, which he had lost. The debts are 708, and assets 2161. Mr. Chidley appeared for the bankrupt, and Mlr. Bnrkitt for the asdgnees, and in the absence of opposition the bankrupt paesed his examaination. Mr. CHIDLEY wad that, according to the custom of the trade, the assignees had sold all the effects to the incoming tenant, and the bankrupt was therefore deprived of his excepted articles. He suggested that the bankrupt should receive 201. in casb in heu thereof. His HoNoUsR ultimately adjourned the consideration of the matter until the assignees had obtained explanations relating to an alleged deficiency in the bankrupt's property. RE BORSLEY. This ws the certificate meeting. The bankrupt was a small builder, carrying on business at 32, Argyle-square, King's-cross. The accounts begin in January, 1356, with a deficiency of 4161.; after a trading of 18 months the bankrupt stopped, owing deibts, 4441. ; liabllities, 4,2991. ; of which 8891. were incurred as a director of the Grand Junction Omnibus Company, and 3,4101. in respect of bills accepted by the bankrupt for the accommodation of a Mr. Pearson. The assets are barely snfficient to defray the expenses of the Mr. PLEws, on behalf of the assignees, did not oppose. The CommsszoixR said It was fortunate for the bank. rupt that he was not opposed, as he was by no means justified in contracting liabilities to the amount of 4,0001. at a time when deficient himself.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COUBT, &1t. 28 I RE CRARIES GEARP. I - - (Befor,e MA. Commimir" MIVRPV I -- ,uE- -*, wDmca was reported in our columns of Saturday last, Mr. Dmizmy this morning appeared on behalf of Mr. Mallett, a printer, to whom the insolvent owed 481. for printing, but as that gentleman was unable to attend personally, the learned counsel confined his opposition to a eneral complaint of the insolvent's conduct in contracting aebts without reasonable expectation of payment. The learned Cousssiorsy said the insolvent had been eight months in prison, and in pronouncing its judgment the Court must consider that fact, and also the amount of the only debt in respect of which the creditors had nersonally complainsd. Mr. Clark's bill of 311. for print. ing the Insolvent, no doubt, had expected to be able to pay from the subscriptions he should receive on behalf of the Indigent Seamstresses' Home, but that affair had been broken up by the intervention of the Mendicity Seciety and the exposure of some incidents in the insolvent's earlier career, which, perhaps, it was unnecessary to have raked up, It did appear from the reports that had been put in that some kind of relief had been actuaRly given at the institution to some persons ; but the insolvent was to blame in publishing the names of distinguished persons as connected with the " Home," upon the faith of which he had obtained credit, while those who gave that credit were Unaware that he had expresdy undertaken to hold those distinguished persons free from all responsibility. Upon that account the Court could not grant an immediate discharge; hut, considering all the circumstancer, the judgment would not be a very severe one. He would be discharged upon the expiration of a period of 10 calendar months from the date of the vesting order (January 30). IZ RE THOMJtS ROBERT CHARLES DDISDA.LE This was an application under the Protection Acts for a discharge from custody, the insolvent being a prisoner in his own house, where he was confined by serious illne6s, and under the chargo of sheriffs officers. Dr. Pollock proved that the insolvent could not leave his bed. He was likewise attended by Sir B. Brodie. Mr. SARGOOD, for the insolvent, asked for the discharge without the attendance of the insolvent. Mr. REED opposed for a creditor, and MIr. WEBB for another creditor, named Roberts. An objection was taken to the discharge without the attendance of the party, but it was overruled. Mr. WEBB urged several objections, and submitted that, according to the Act, the insolvent must be in "prison." He cited Eome cases from Macraces Protection Practice. Mr. Commissioner MuRrp.py referred to the second edltion of Afacraes Practi He held that the insolvent was h execution and in " prison." Under the othbr system of insolvency the words ;rere " within the walls of a prison," but in the Protection Acts the words were different. The application for discharge was ordered. I RE JOHN PTNR, This insolvent was to be heard on Saturday, and on the prenious day his detaining creditor sent his discharge, but e insolvent had remained in prison. Mr.; DOvSE called the attention of the Court to the hardship cf the case, if the case could not be heard. Mr. Commissioner XuRPiuy said the man should not suffer by his illness. He heard the case, and ordered the insolvent to be discharged. IT RB GEORGE MORRIS MITcHELL. This insolvent, who was a messenger at the House of Commons, was opposed by Mr. Reed for two creditors, named Dingley and Saunders; Mr. Dowse supported. It appeared that Mr. Dingley had discounted hills for the insolvent. Mr. Saunders was a creditor for nearly 2.00. He comnlained of a sum of 451. which the insolvent got from him y tears in his eyes, saying he had used certain fees which he had received. Mr. Saunders got two orders for the salary, but only recelved 271., as when he went for the other the insolvent had forestalled him and received the quarer's salay. The insolvent lost his situation in May last A the House of Commons, where he had 1001. a-year. He said he had since been doing nothing, living on his friends. He had omitted a debt for board and lodging, as also a residence. Mr. Commissioner MuERPBt, in adjourning the case, reoommended ,the insolvent to settle with the opposing creditors. Adjourned.
MIDDLBSEX E Monday, , Spt. 28. (Before Mr. CREASY, at Westminster.) Thomas Mullins, 32, tailor, was indicted for unlawfully assaulting a girl under 10 years of age, named Elizabeth Anm Salmon 6atton, with intent, &o. Mr. Sleigh prosecuted on behalf of the Associate Institate for Enforcing and Impreving the Laws for the Protection of Women; Mr. Metcalfe defended the prisoner. The parents of the prosecutrix lived in Augustus-street, Cumberland-market, and the prisoner was on visiting terms with them. He committed the assault imputed to himone of a very aggravated character-in the temporary absence of the mother. The evidence clearly proved the charge. An officer of the Associate Institute called upon the father with reference to the case, and he said he was glad he had, for he was a poor man, and could not undertake the prosecution himaclf, and should therefore hAve wraltad upon him. After a long trial The rg fandthe prisoner (SuiZty, and The ~~3xrY foundn sentenced him to he kept to hard labour for the period of one year. Mamoud Al, a native of Calcutta-a sharp, intelligent looking young man, described as weeU educated, but having the atsas of George Brown,-was indicted for stealing a check-book, value la., the property of Messrs. Grindlay and Co., the East India and militar agents. Syed AbdooLhh, fnterpreter, and ldonlvee Mohummud Shabi Persian Secrtary to the Princes of Oude, were in MrJ. P. Doyle prosecntedL There were four charges gainst the prisoner, but he was tried on one only, from the evidence given in support ot which it appeared that on the 6th of Au"st he went to Messrs. G d1sy's branch. establishment in St. Martin'splace, and stated to br. anyle, the manager, that ho had come from India, andhadasmumof 3,765110s.&d. in the hands of Mesers. Bodgson and Baker, of Liverpool, which he wiahed to he transferred to a London house, so that he oould make it oonveniently available for his purposes, as le was making arrangements to leave for India by the overland route on the 20th. The manager told hum he could have the money remitted to him by his giving them an order on the iUverpool firn, and that when they had received it he would have a check-book and could draw upon them as he might require. The prieoner profeased to bautr2uosu:rtemd of drawFing money by check, and Mr. Boyle sho*ed him a check-book and explained the course of busines, and, as the prisoner had stated that he wanted to make a number of purchases before he left lon- don, he gave him a price current of articles required for ladia. After he had shown him the check-book, which the ;risoner did not thea actuaUy have in his possession, he laid at on a table, and the prisoner asked for ^ glass of water, we was told to walk into an inner room and take one, and on going into that room he would have to pms the table on which the check-book ws lying. As he went away he said he should call again on Saturday, the day on which Mr. Royle sid they should receive an answer from Livernl In the ordinar course; btt he hld not been gone long before the chec book was missed, and in an hoar or two afterwards, a person called with a check drawn in favour of Messrs Moes and Son for l6 odd. Mr. Royle went with that person to Messrs. Moses' branch place of business in Oxford-street, where he found the prnsoner, who had given the check in payment for purchases he had niade. Mr. Royle expreased his surprise that he was in possession of the book, and said if it was not given up at once he should give him into custody. The prisoner said he was surprised that the check had not been pd, after he had given an order upon his Liverpool bnkers for over 3,000L, and he would not give up the check-book unless Mr Boyle gave him a memorandum canoelling the order. r. oyle refused to do anything of the kind, andinsisted on having the book givennu to him. The prisoner reluctantly restored the book, nd he was pled in the custody of a polioeman, and it was then asertained that he had been oommitting frauds by representing that he was an aide-de-camp to the Qaeen of Onde; and, as may be easily imagined, a communication was received from Liverpool to the effect that the prisoner had no effects there. After the prisoner had given the check to Messrs. Moses, he said he was compelled to be at the house of the Queen of Oude at 3 o'clock, but as a messenger had been despatched to Grindlay's with the check to see if it was bond fide, several devices were resorted to by which he prolonged his stay until the messenger returned. When at Grindlay's the prisoner said he should only require to draw for the odd hundreds; the thousands he should leave in their hands to his credit until he arrived in India, and could make arrangements for its transmission. The prisoner admitted to Inspector Checkley when in cus tody that he had no authority from the Oude family, and that he had no funds at Liverpool. The prisoner, who spoke English fluently, cross-examined Mr. Royle with agood deal of ingenuity, his object bein to show that he received the check- k from his hands when he pve the order, and oould not therefore be charged with Mfr. Btoyle stated positively that he never parted with the possession of it, but hid it on his table after he had shown it to the prisoner. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, and it wastthen proved that he had been committed twice for three months as a rogue and vAgabond, and sentenced to nine months under a oonviction at the Old Bailey. Mr. DoYz said, there weie three other cases against the pnsoner-one for attempting to obtain a carriage, value 92 lOs, frou Messrs Silk and Sons, of Long-acre; one for the fraud upon Messrs Moses; and one for obtaining an opera-glass and 10 tickets of admission to the Surrey Gardens on the occasion of Mrs Seacole's benefit, with intent to defraud hL Jullien, by representing that they were for the Queerx of Odce. Mr, CBXABY said the prisoner certainly ought to be tried on another charge, hut it would be hardly fair that he should be after his convictions had been proved in the hearing of the jury. It seemed that the prisoner was a practised, cunning rogue, and he should sentence him to 18 n onths' hard labour. Mary Healey, 16, was indicted for unlawfully assaulting Laurence Shea. The prisoner was left in charge of five children, of poor parents, at Chelsea, who had to go out to work. One day when the mother got home she found that her youngest child, just two years of age, had been beaten with a cane. There were from30 to 40 marks of cane-stripes about its legs and body, and the prisoner said she had done it because it was dirty, but without any cruel intention. She now said sbe was very sorry for it, and she thought she had done no more than she should have done to her own brother or dster. The jury found he: Guilty, andas she had been in custody nearly six weeks, Mr. CREASY sentenced her to another month.
POLICE. ANLAsIO-HOUSM.-Lambert Philip MoUedown, a commission merchant, at 75, Mark-lane, was brought before Mr. AldermanHALE, in custody of Hungett the detective officer, charged with hai uttered a'bill of lading with a forged endorsement for oOO quarters of linseed, of the value of 7501., with intent to defraud Zr. GeorgeJAnton, cornfactor, of 23, Fenchurch-street. Mr. Robinson, the barrister, appeareds for the prosecution, and Mr. Churchl attendedl on the part of the prisoner. Mr. Robinson.-Sir, niy object to-day is to lay before you just sufficient evidence to justify a remand. This a case which wiU require very considerable inveati6a. tiso. The prosecutor, Mr. Anton, carries on the business of a cornfactor, and it appears that on the 7th of September the prisoner brought a biUl of lading to him and asked him to advance a large sum of money upon it. My client looked at the biUl of lading. it purported to be perfectly genuine, and eventually e gave biUs to the amount of 7501. for the 300 quarters of linseed. The consignee is Mr. Roach. The biUls were discounted by the defendant on the very day upon which they were given. Mr. Roach will teU yo u that the defendant had no authority whatever to present that bill of lading, or to obtain any money whatever upon it. If I establsh these facts I apprehend I shall be in a condition to ask for a remand. This Is a very extensive fraud, and it is absolutely essential that the whole matter should be thoroughly investigated. Mr. G. Anton.-I am a cornfactor, carryisg on business at 23, Feachurch-street. On the 7th nut, the bUIl of lading produced was brought to me in its present state by the prn soner, who askeds me to make hbm an advance upon it. e said he required 70. Mr. Roach has a partner named Anel in Altona. The prisoner showed me the bUIl of lading, and said he had reoeived it in a letter, which he also skeowed me, from Mr. AngeL He did not leave the letter with me. I believed the bil of lading to be a genuine document, and gave the prisoner my acceptance for 7504 On the arrival of the vessel named in the letter, on Tuesday last, I was unable to get the goods referred to in the bill of lading. Cross-examined by Mr. Church.-This was not the firt transaction I had had with the prisoner. I do not remember having advanced him money orn bills of lading before this tine. I never advanced him money on the credit of the firm of Roach and Co. From the prisoner's accounts I knew that he had had dealings with that firm, but not otherwise. No statement was made by him at the time he brought me the biUl of lading respecting the endorsement. He told me afterwards to send down to the vessel as early as possible. I cannot say how long that was after I had advanced the money, but it was some days afterwards, We did not send to the vessel before he told us to do so, because she was not due at that time. H e gave us no reason for telling as to send down as soon as possible. I did not ask him the reason. I knewr that linseediuvery apt to get heated, and I took that to be his reason. ir. T. D). Roach.-I am a commission merchant at Hull and Altona, I have a partner at the latter place named AngeL It is our firm that is mentioned in the body of the bill of lading produced as the shippers of 300quarters of linseed. The prisoner had no authority from our firm to endorse the biU of lading. I do not know the person who purports to have signed the endorsement of our firm by procuration. TWhen Mr. Angel is absent it is the practice for our clerk and bookkeeper, whoso name is Wltt, to sign by procuration. It is necessary to endorse a bill of lading in order to obtain possession of the goods spec§ed in it. The genuino bill of lading now shown me is endorsed by Mr. Angel in the name of Roach. The bill of lading produced, which bears the forged endorsement, is a genuine bil of ading; it forms one of the set that was issued, and is duly signed by the captain. Alderman a1 i-Did you receive the original bil of lading? Witneee.-Yes. Cross-examined by Mr. Churoh.-Myipartner told me last week that he had sent with the biU of lading a bill of exchange drawn by him upon the prisoner. I have not seen the acceptanoe, and know nothing of it excepting what my partzer told me. I have had several dealings with the prisoner. I do not remember any bond fid4 consignments having been made to him. I had made several sales and shipped goods to him previons to this transaction. If we have any doubt about a man's biUl being paid we hold the bil of ladihg. Although it is the practice to issue three biUls of lading the one that is endorsed is the only genuine one. We never dusw more than one acceptance against a cargo that we remit. If we had drawn on the prisoner we should not have drawn on any one else. I know that the prisoner has not had authority to sign the name of our firm to bills of lading. I know the prisoner's writing. I believe the vriting on the back of the bill of lading to be his. Mr. Robilnson.-I apprehend th?t I have shown sufficient to justify a remand. Mr. Ch.rch.-Will you take responsible bail for the prisoner's appearance at the next e-iamination ? Alderman EL.A-I am advised not. In cases of forgery the rule is not to accept bail. Mr. Church.-My instructions are, that the prisoner has had an implied authority to give this signature. It is only fair to state that I refrain from saying more, as the case is only partly gone into. It may turn out, as I am instructed, that he has a complete answer to the case. Mr. Anton and Mr. Roach were then bound in their personal recognizanoes in 1001. each to appear and prosecute on Wednesday next, the day to which the prisoner was m- manded, John Franlin and Wiliam Kerp were brought before the Lo-RD MAYOR by Haydon, the detectivo officer, charged with havlng uttered a forged check for 27f 1., under the following circumstances:- Haydon, the officer, having been sworn, said,-In ronseguence of a communication.I received from the Union Bank I was there at 1 o'clock to-day, and saw Franklin at the counter. Mr. Robinson, at the counter, had a check in his hand. I spoke to him, and he handed me the check produced for 2701., dated 25th September, 1M7, purporting to be drawn by Judah Levy Yuly and payable to Mr. A. Bland or bearer, and endorsed on a receipt stamp " A Bland." I asked Franklin if he had presented that check. He replied, "Yes." I informed him that it was a forged cheek, and requested him to accompany me to a private room. In answer to a question put to him, be told me he hd received the obeck that morning from a friend of his named Bland in the Three Colts publichouse, London-wall, for bets won to that amount on the St. Leger race. He offered to accompany me to the Three Colts and point the man out to me. 1 ieft the bank with him for the purpose of going there. On reaching Moorgate-street a cab was standing by the kerb-stone, the prlsener EerD being ide. Franklin, pointing to erpe said, "That's the man received the chec from." Kerp denied this, and said he knew nothing at all about the check. Kerp refused to give me his name. On searching Franklin at the stationhouse I found on him .71. osn. in a pulrse, a wrateh, ehaio, two rings, and some other things. On Eerp I found 41. 4s. 114d. Cross-examined by Mfr Lewis for Franklin.-I have since been to the Three Colts Franklin did not tell me where Bland lived. He said }erp was the man who had given Mhrm the check. Mr, C. B, Robinson, eashier at the Union Bank of Lou- don, sd,-The check prodnoed 2was presented to me to-day by, the prisoner Irankl. I perceived at onoe that it wOa a forgery. He asked for five 6i-notes and 20 sovereigns. I tent than for an offlcer, The check-book from wbhioh tha check hus been taken was obtatned by & forged order. The prisonen were remanded, Bow-sMrM.-A young girl named Ellen Harvey was charged before Mr. JARDIwE with attempting to drown herseelf. Polioe-oonstable 605 A proved that at about 11 o'clock on Saturday night the defendant jumped into one of the ornmeutal reservoirs of Trafalgar-square. She was dragged. out by two gntlemen (one of whom was in attendanoe) and taken to the Charing-cross Hospital, sud, not being received there, she was afterwards conveyed to the Westminster HospitaL She mid she had been in greut trouble. Mr. Sprague, of rZierxstreet, Strand, the gentleman referred to by the offioer, here stepped forward and addroaased the magistrate. He stated that he saw the irl jump into the water, and, with the assistanoe of another geneneman who happened to be Ilso passing, succeeded in ctting her ont again. They placed her in a cab and hurried Charing-cross Hospital, the girl being in a swoon and apparently exhausted. The door of the hospital wa opened by a porter, who was evidently drunk, and who desired them to wAit outside. Alter some delay a dirty-looling woman presented herself, and witness represented to her the urgency of the case, desiring her to get a medical genilemaatocome dlre H13e entered the hall, bat was ordered back this wom=nana the dranken porterin aninsolet manner. They told him that he must watt patiently, and that he could not be allowed to go in as the cLse would be attended to presently. After waiting at the door for at least a quarter of an hour without any effort being made by these servants to assist the pooIl in the cab witness ordered the cabman to drive to tae -street polioe-station. Here they received every assistance from the police, and eventually the defendant wLs conveyed to the Westminster Hoopital. Two nurses and two medical gentlemen gave their immediate attention to the girl, who would probably have died if she had been kept mach longer in her wet clothes. Mfr. JARINx-Are you sure the porter of the hospital was drunk ? Mr. Sprague.-There is no doubt about it. The police-oonstable said, the porter was stupidly drunk. This offloer oorroborated the other satement of Mr. Sprague relative to their reception at the hospital. Mr. JAD M-Thi is a Tery serious charge as against the servants of Charing-croa Hospital, and must be in uired into. Let us first, however, dispose of the girL W t is the depth of the water at the fountains? Inspector Banks said, about three feet and a-half. Mr. JARDI (to defendant).-What do you say to this charge ? Defendant-I owed some rent, and I had been having a little drop to dinak Mr. JAmDUM-It Is Incredible to me that any person really intending to commit suicde would jump into a shallow place of this sort, However, it is frequently done, and often, I fear, to attract attention and excite sympathy wholly undeserved, I shall make some inquiry about you. You will be remanded for a week. Eis worship then said that he would write to the SecretWy of the l ospital at once respecting the very serious neglect of duty mentioned by Mr. Sprague. Mr. Sprague stated that the other gontleman who assisted tho gIrl, and accompanied him to the hospital, had left his name and address with the inspector, and was ready to come forward, if required, to confirm his (Kr. Sprague's) statement of what occurred. -Mr. JARDIhm-You may rely upon it that your complaint wi be fuly Investigated. MABY2 EBOx N-George Thorne was charged with having burg;Lnously entered the premises of William Barry, a retired na--al commanderl of 17, Cunninghair.place, St.Johu!swood, and stolen a golA watch and other property. Remanded till Monday next, upon wLich day it is expected that a former conviction willbe brought forward againsti him, THA}&S-Two Arabes one named Almal, and the other Allah Mahomet, were chared before Mr. YARDLEY, the former with stabbing a man in the chest, and the latter with stabbing a man in the back; one of the wounded men was named Mariano Francisco and the other Francis Lepronel, each of whom lies in the London Hospital in danger of hbi life. The evidence went to show that on tbe previous Sunday evening there was a disturbance in a beershop in the neighbourhood of Victoria-street, Ratcliffe, when the partisw went into the street, where a fight took place among them with knives. During the 7Made Francisco was stabbed in the chest by one of the Arabs, who has gone by the name of I Alxmal," and the other was stabbed in the back by the other prisoner, who has assumed the name of Mahomet, both of them belonging to the steamship bombay, lying In the Victoria Docks, In the scuffle a woman named en, who interfered to prevent either being stabbed, was stabbed in the forehead, (She had some adhesive plaster on her forehead.) Inspector Alison, K division, produced certificates from the London Hospital, which showed that the two men were in a dangerous state, and he said that six persons were brought to the stationhouse, each of whom had their injuries dressed by the police surgeon. The prisoners were remanded for a week. One of them had his shirt covered with blood, and his head wasbandaged with a cloth Twvo knives, each of which was smeared with blood, were produced by K 397. SovTrwAny-4oohn Lee, a weLl known thief, wa ob ared with attempting to pick the pocket of Catharine Marsh, on the incline of theSonth-Eastern Railway, Londonbridge terminus Mr. COMnE asked wbat was known of the prisoner? Thomas Richards, a detective inspector employed on the Brighton railw said, he had known him for year as an expert pickpocket .re infested the railway station with a number of well-dressed lads, whom he instructed in tho at of thieving. Mr. CoaruL-Then he Is a thieves' tutor? Richards replied that he vas, and the lads ho selected u pupils were good-looldng, and dressed like sons of the gentry. Severll of them had been convicted of picking pockets. The prisoner said, It was all false about the lads, bnt be acknowledged utting his hand in the woman's pocket. He therefore plveed Guify. Mr. COBE= told him there could not be any doubt as to his character, therefore he should sentence him to three mnonths' hard labour in the House of Correction at Wandsworth. LAmBET -James Cu tler, and Elizabeth Cutler his wife* were brought up for further examination on a charge instituted by the authorities of Newington parish, agsinst the man of neglecting and ill-using his family of five children, and against the -woman of deserting them. ir. ELLIOTT said, that as the children were at the time under the sole care of the father the woman was not responsible under the Act. She would therefore be discharged. The male prisoner must be committed for trial for the nisdemeanour.
XYLITARY AND NAVAL lYTELLIGRI W. Major-General Sir G. A. Wetherall, Adjtxtant-General resumed his duties at the Horse Guards yesterday, afto attending the French camp at Chalons. Major- General the Earl of Cardigan, the Inspector- General of Cavalry, hbm returned from his visit to the French camp at Chalons. I Orders have been forwarded to Colonel H. P. Raymond, comrnanding the depot battalion at Pembroke, directing the march of the depdis of the 51st Light Infantry and 94th lRegiment, consisting of 250 men, this day from Pembroke to Chatham, in order that they may arrive at Chatham Garrison to-morrow for the purpose of joining the third battalion nuder the command of Lientenant-Colonel C. Elmhirst. Five troops and the head.quarters of the 5th Dragoon Guards have arrived at York barracks. Many of the men wear the Crimnean medal, and upwards of thirty of them have volunteered for India. Commander J. 0. Bathurst has been appointed Inspeoting Commander of the Coastguard, in the room of Commander h£oorman, promoted. The screw steamship Bahiana, Captain Sharp, chartered by the East India Company from the South American steamship Company, sailed yesterday afternoon from Liverpool for Portsmouth, where she wiLl take on board the head-quarters of the 9Sth Regiment, under the command of Colonel Trainer, with whom she will proceed to Bombay. TIHE MILITIA. The Fourth Royal South Middlesex militia, under the conmmnand of Lieuteuant-Colonel Soriven, is to assemble for embodiment at Hounslow on Thursday next. Tee Staffordshire Regiment of Militia, known in the countY as the King's Own, assembled yesterday at the Store Barracks, Stafford, under the command of the Hon. E. R Littleton, Ml.P. The regiment isto be embodied, and will in all probability proceed to Devonport. It formerly did dluty for two years and a half at Corfu and Cephalonia. The Durham Artillery Militia will assemble for training to miorrow at the Sunderland Barracks.
THE AMERICOAN COTTON STATEMENT. (From the New York Shi7pping and Commercial Li, of Sept. 10.) The comprehensive and inteligible summary of the cotton crop for the year ending the Ist inst. renders elaborate remark unnecessary, though a cursory glance at the position of the trade may not be out of place at this juncture. Speaking in general terms, we may assert that the year has been an unusually remunerative one for planters, but a comparatively poor one for spinners. The value of the staple having been relatively higher than goods, the unprofitableness of the manufacturing interests since our last annual review can be readily acceounted for. The price of cotton, however, has now reached so high a point that the consumption is materially curtailed, and the production of goods will, without doubt, continuo on a comparatively limited scdle, unless prices advance or the raw material experience a fall in value. One very important fact, having a significant bearing upon the cotton trade, is that within the twelvemonth under review some 30,000 looms have been stopped in Great Britain, while in the United States it Is estimated that at least 12,000 or 15,000 have suspended operations; and the present low prices of goods, as compared with the raw material, is suggestive of a still further curtailment of manufacture on both sides of the Atlantic. The present supplies in the English market are understood to be unusuaLy lowv, and but comparatively little is going forward from this side. Indeed, the stock is reduced to so low a figure that the shipments must necessarily continue small until the new crop sbaU begin to move freely. The insurreetion in the British India possessions will unquestionably operate to curtail production in that quarter, but there Is some danger that the extent of that curtailment may be ex. aggerated. Moreover, our latest ciroulars from Liverpool state that buyers of manufactured goods for India were holding off, unwiUing to purchase upon any terms. Many mills in Blackburn, Preston, and other towns having orders for the Asiatic market, had resolved to work on short time, while others had concluded to stop altogether. Indeed, the principal demand now is from Germany, and when the wants of that country are supplied the absence of Indian orders will be more sensibly felt. Planters, factors, and speculators doubtless discern these facts as clearly as we do, however, and they are at liberty to draw from them their own deductions. Any deductions which may be predicated on the hypothesis that the demand for the great staple is destined to outstrip the capacity of the various sources of supply for some years to come, nevertheless, we cannot but look upon as unsafe. We see that even now the high prices current on both sides of the Atlantic are starting the question whether the supply cannot be augmented by a new system of cheap labour,-a system but few removes, in fact, from the old African slave trade, at one time so odious. The bare mention of any such possibility in England tenor five years ago would have called down anathemas upon the heads of those who suggested it; but the encouragement of Coolie labour, under a system of apprenticeship, no better if as good as the system of slavery In the Southern States, is now a popular topic, not only with the most influential journals but of speeches from utilitarian political economists in Man*hester and Liver. pooL WVe do not pretend to say that anything practical will come of this movement, or that these suggestions vill bear fruit, but it is wel to note the circumstance that our 'best customers in Europe are alive to the fact that it wil not da to rely to so great an extent upon the United States for their supplies, and that nothing -which capital or ingenuity can bring aboultto open up new sources of supply elsewhere will beleft untried. We cannot say that we have any more faith than others in the success of these expedients, yet the fact that they are resolved to make the experiment is an admonition which the cotton interest here may find it well to heed. It is true nearly all experiments which have been made-and they are numerous and costly-to raise up elsewhere a rival culture to the Southern States,have proved failures; but they aro not altogether abandoned,for theBritieh anxietyto stimulate the culture within her owndominions,or in places within her reach and control, is unabated. That stimulus may not alarm the lanter, nor induce lower prices here, but the closing of Britis nmanufactories, in consequence of the dearness of the staple, is calculated to strike a blow which may be sensibly felt for a period in the pocket of the Southern planter, far more sensibly than any spasmodic demonstrations to raise cotton in Asia or Africa. As the case stands, thereforo, England depends on the United States for the great staple of her most important manufacture. Of her whole import last year rkearly S0 per cent. was produced in this country. This dependence is galling, for two reasons. 1. If any interruption take place in our amicable relations we may cut off her whole supply, which would be about equivalent to national bankruptcy. The disastrous effects of such a measure upon a country where a very small decline in the demand for labour produces distress and starvation can hardly be over-estimated. A very short crop in this country, also, by raising prices and checking the demand for cloth, would produce serious bad effects. But, supposing neither of these things to be apprehended, except as remote possibilities, there is-- 2. The rivalry of our manufacturers, growing more troublesomo every year, as science, skill, and experienco enable them to reduce the cost of manufacturing cloth, while they get the raw material cheaper. Formerly, Englsnd had three great points in her favour, and one against her. She bad cheap labour, cheap money, and ¢omparatively cbeap cotton. She has now only cheap labour, and the difference in her favour on that is about made up by the higher cost of the ra%w materiaL The rivalry of cloth made from Surat cotton has entirely disappeared, and we now go into the markets of the world at least on equal terms. Lowell can furnish doth as cheap, to say the least, as Mauchester, and so long as England has to look to us only for her supply of cotton of the quality she requires, and must have, in order to compete with our manufacturers, she must necessarily falL astein in the race, for it is generally regarded as a fixed fact that every year a larger quantity of cotton will be worked up in this country for foreign markets, and a less, comparative, quantity be exported. As will be remembered, the preceding cotton year closed firmly, with but a srmall business doing, principally for home consumption, at 11Ic. for middling Uplands, and lI.c. for ditto Gulf. About the beginning of September our domestic mnanufacturers were compelled, by the small and rapidly decreasing supply in their hands, to become active competitors with buyers for foreign markets, ancd throughout the wbole of that month and part of October our market steadily advanced, until middlings comnmanded 12ic. to 12c. In consequence of the raising of the rate of interest by the Bank of England, negotiations of foreign exchange through. out tho south, especialy French bilis, became extremely difflicult, apd exporters were, meantime, doing little or notbing. Influenced by this stringency in monetary circles our market, from the imiddle of October to the latter part of November, continued in a dall and inanimate condition, and a decline of about le. per lb. was submitted to, ship. pers to LAverpool and the continent being the principal operators. About the iast of Xovember advices were received from Liverpool to tthe effect tliat, despite the advance of the rate or interest bv the Bank of England and stringency in financial circles, the cotton-market was ad. vaucing, N-ith increased business. This favourablo news at once imparted a better feeling to our market, and for the next seven Vveekq a gradual hardening tendency was manifested, middlinv Ncw Orleans having touched 13 cents. Duri2g the Yatter part of January, however, the upward tendency of prices was checked, in consequence of beavy receipts at the shipping ports and a temporary scarcity of tonnage on the berth here for Liverpool. During this period, aLso, we had several severe Fnowstoruns, delaying the mails and seriously deranging business. February, liowevetr, oPened with a good ilnquiry for export, and, as holders v7ere disposed to mcet buyers, a heavy hbsiu.ess resulted, the sales for the week endiLgg the 1.7thi reaching 27.0X) bales. Throughcout the latter part of the nioath p-ice; steadily advanced, under the conviciion that the crop wa; destined to be a (onalparatively short one, until at the beginning of March middling Orleans could 4umt be purchasod below 141 cents. The l,igh prices then ruling induced holders to offer thei- supplies more freely, which caused a pause, and pricesslilihtly receded about the middle of March. ,hubseqnzentlv, duriDg that month and April, howaver, a renewal of the speculative and export demand was experi. enced, and the couree of prices was again upward. The month of May opened quietly. xporters were dim at the course of the Liverpool markeb, and holders, being generally confident of a final result of the crop not exceeding 3,000,000 bales, refused to submit to any reduction in their demands. Oar domestio spivners were, therefore, the chief operators, and took from 5,000 to 8,000 bales weekly. Subsequently, for a period of mmany weeks, which brings us down to the beginnng of July, prices, infueanced by the small stock on Wsle, and the probability, day by day growing into certainty, of a small crop, continued to shiow a strong upward tendency, and on the 7th of Julymiddling Orleans were quoted 15 cents.,-a higher figure than had beea obtained in many years before. Daring the remainder of the month the business was light, and ex. orters to the continent of Europe, together with specaa.etors and home spinners, were the principal operators. About this period the low grades began to attract attention, and even lists of middling grades were scarcely to be bad at any price. August opened very quietly. The Liverpool market had continued to advance, and 8d. was the current price for middling uplands. Under tnese circumstances, in connexion with trifling reoeipts at the South and reduced stocks all through the-country, holders had matters pretty much their own way, and towards the close of the month the quotations for middlng Orleans touched 16,c. The business at thin high figure was very light, and confined almost entirely to local speculators and our domestic manufacturers. This cursory glance at the course of the market brings us dawn to the close of the year,-a year which may he pronounced the most satisfactory to the planting interests of the South of any en record. The advance, it rill be seen, has been steady throughout the year, prices at the close being 40 per cent, higher than at the commencement. CoTrro CROP OF THE UNhITED STATMS. (From the New York S7ieping and CommtarciaZ List of the 16hinst.) Statement and total amount for the year ending Aug. 31, 1857. Export to Foreign Ports, from Sept. 1. 1856. to Ans. 31.1857- UtRoP OF BEA ISLAND COTTON. The crop of this staple the past year (included in the general statement) was as foUows -Florida, 20,365 bales; Georgia, 9,764; and South Carolina, 15. 185 ; total, 45,314 bales, against 44,512 in 1855.6; 40,841 in 1854.5; and 39,683 int 1852.4. CONSUS2PI'IO Total cop of the United Siates, as before Bale Add-.* *- *- *- *- 2,939,819 Stocks on hand at rommenonmemnt of the year. at Septeraber, 1856:- In the Southern ports.. 2,14 IL the Northern ports .. .. 44157 Makes a supply of 3,0033690 Deduct therefrom- The expovt to foreign portes 2,259,657 Les, foreign Included.. 1,161 -2,251,468 Stooks on hand September 1, 1857:- In the southern ports.. 0 . 2,080 In the northern ports .25,678 Bsurnt at Now York and BaltixozZ * 7985 - 1,301,852 Taken for homee use oalesl. 702,138 [QUANTITY CONSUAMED BY AND IN THE HANDS OF MAN-U FACTURERS, NORTH OP VIRGIIIA. Orop of Bales. CroD of Sale 1856-7 * . 702,138 I84-1 . , 297,288 185,5-6 *. e 52,719 1859-40 .. . 295193 1854 .. 3,84 1838 -9 2.. .. 6018 185I-4 610,571 1827- ,. . 2463 1852-3 gv .. 671,080 1836-7 .. gotton 1851-2 6. . 30102 1&53-6 . . 218,733 1850-1 *. . 0418 183-5 . . 216.88 1849-80 .. .. 487.769 1833-4 . .. 195,413 1848-9 *. 18,'039 1852--3 . .. 194,412 3907-8 . . 3,7 1831-2 . . 173,803 3848-2 .. . 45238 1850-1 . . 182.142 18osu- 422,557 1pas-33 .. 125.512 1844-V i , an 8ot iu 1828-9 in th a 4,853 1843-4 18 4.74I327-6 . 12D.593 1842-3 ., .. 35,2 15-7 . .. 103,483 1841-2 .. . 2780 We give below our usual tabIe of the amount of cotton consumed the past year in the States south and west of Virginia, and not included in the receipts at the ports. Thus:- To which if we add for the past year the stocks in the interior tow4ns on the 1st inst. (ray 2,000 bales), the quantity now detained in the interior (say 5,000 bales, and that lost on its way to market the sat year, to the crop as given above, received at the hping ports, the aggregate will showv as. near, as miy be eo amout raised in the United atesthepast season, say, in rod numbers, 3,014,000 bales (after deducting 100 bales newr orop received thls year Secthe 1st in8t.,.and some 50,000 bales detained in. the inLterior September 1, 1856, which came forrd the past season and are already added to the receipts at the ports) against in 1855 3w78.10c01 8 issi . 2,410.88OO0 1854 . 3.800.010 1849 . 2.840.080 1853 3. 360°,00 1848. 2,37.000 1552 .. . ..3.180.00o The whole consumption of the United States the past yea to September 1, 1857, was 840,000 bales against 788,000 bales the year before. The quantity of new cotton received at the shipping ports to the 1st of Sentember was-in
THF LATE GENERAL SIR JOHN DovEToN, ,OC.B. -Sir John Doveton, whose death has just happened at Vichy, in the south of France, where he had gone to drink the waters, was one of the oldest officers in the East India Comp any's service. He was a son of the late Sir William rebr Doveton (who was for upwards of 30 years in the civil servioe of the Efon. East India Company) by the only daughter of the late Mr. Anthony Beale, and cousin of the late Sir J. Doveton, G.C.B. Ee was born at St. Helena in 17S3, and left Portsmouth for Madras at the early age of 15, as first cadet of cavalry, in June, 1798, was soon placed on the staff as aide-de-camp to the late Marquis WelFoley, during his Governor-Generalship of India. Ie saw much active service in the several campaigns of 1799, 1803, and 1817, and at one time commanded a division of the Nizam's army. After having spent the best part of his life in India, he returned home on furlough in 1830, and in 1833 was nominated to the general staff of the Madras army, and appointed to comrand the centre division. He attained the rank of General in 1854, and for some years past had held the colonelcy of the 5th Regiment of Madras Light Cavalry. For his Indian services he was made a Knight Commander of the Bath in 1838. ILuziS OF EARL FITZwVLLAr-.-Earl Fitwiliam has returned to Wentworth-house from Marshe, near Redcar, and, although his Lordship was greatly fatigned by the joumney, is gradually recovering from his recent attack of ilueas, and confident hopes are entertained that he will be sufficiently well to receive Her Majesty and the Prince onsort on the 16th of next month, as already announced. St uld any relapse, however, take place, it is most likely the Royal ViSit Wiln be postponed to a more favourable opporteuity. THE GREAT NORTHERN RAiLWAY ACCIDENT.- Since the inquest was opened respecting the unfortanate persons killed in the late accident on the above line at Weston-bridgo, near Taxford, Captain Tyler, one of the Government inspeotors of railways, in company with Mr. Leith, superintendent of the line, has visited the scene of the catastrophe, and examined several persons on the subject of it. Ilt is understood that he will state the results of his inquiry at the adjourned inquest. The bodies of Mrs. Heaton and Miss Paget were removed from the Newcastle Arms, Tuxford, on Monday, to Lancaster, for interment. The hody of Mrs. Pitman was removed to London on Saturday, as also that of the Hon. Mr. Clive, to Bromsrove, near Birmingham. The remains of Jackson, who die on Saturday morning, are still at Tuxford. Dyson, the guard, is slowly recovering from the shock he received, and is sensible at intervals. He has a wife and five children, the former of whom is with him. Mr. Dransfield, of Oldham, is recovering. Iiis wife and son aire with him at the Newcastle Arms, Tus ford. Mr. Pitman continues in a dangerous state. Under the directions of Mr. Leith, superintendent of the line, every facility is given not only to the friends of the sufferers, but to every one engaged in investigating the circumstances of the aecident.
IRELARD. (FROM OUR OWN CORPF;PONDRNT.) DUBLIN, MoiNDAy JsnG. STATE OF BYWAFST. The Rev. Hugh Hanna having announced his intentiou of again setting the authorities at defiance by holding forth in the open air on Sunday (yesterday), the Belfast Presbytery met on Friday with the special view of taking the reverend disturber's case into serious consideration. The Rev. Dr. Cooke was present at the sederunt, and after four hours' solemn deliberation with closed doors the public were admitted, and Dr. Cooke roee and proposed the annexed resolutions, which were seconded by Dr. E .dgar, and passed 7hemg co. after which the Presbytery adjourned, a committee having been fe,r med, consisting of Dre. Cooke, Morgan, Edgar, and . r. Macnaughten, to confer at 10 o'clock next day with mr. o anda on Aoe subject of open-air preachingp: " 1. That the preaehing of bye gospel in the open air, as well as in our churches, had been customary dur, g the entire history of the Presbyterian church in Ireland. "2. That this custom wve hold to be founded on our Lord's commission and on A postolic practice. " 3. That we are resolved, by all legitimate means, to maintain for ourselves, and transmit to posterity, this r5ehtb, which we have hitherto uninterruptedly enjoyed. " 4. That, while we are resolved, we nevertheless feel conscientiously bound, as ministers of the gospel of peace, to do all in our power, even in the exercise of our rights and the performance of our duties, so to live as ' giving no offence in anything, that the ministry be not blamed.' (2 Cor. vL 3., &c*) " 5. That, under the existing circurnstances of this town, wo do affectionately entreat our brother, MIr. Hanna, as a matter of Christian expediency (1 Cor. vi. 12) to desist from open-air preaching till, in the mercy of God, a reasonable time be afforded for excited passions to cool and subside, an event which we hopefuly anticipate, because, until within these few weeks, no organized obstruction or annoyance was experienced by any of our ministers during their openair services in any part of the town and country. " 6. That we most earnestly remonstrate with our brother as to the language he has occasionally employed in letters to his Excellency the Lord-Lieutenant and to the local magistracy. '-7. That a committee be appointed to confer with Mr. Hanna in reference to these reeolutions; and that they be, and hereby are, authorized to take such measures as to them shall seem dedrable, for maintaining by appeal, either to the Executive or the Legislature, the constitutional privileges of this church. This committee to consist of the Moderator, Drs. Cooke, Morgan, Edgar, and. Mr. Macnaughten." Undaunted, however, by Presbytery or public opinion, the Rev. Hugh Hanna still seems deterrnined to show fight. In a brief note addressed to a friendly local journal he says:- " The meeting of the Belfast Presbytery has complicated the question of open-air preaching in Belfast. What I may specially do I cannot just now say. The resolutions of the resbvtery are entitled to a respectful consideration. I have not yet seen them; but I shall act according to my own sense of duty, looking for Divine light to guido me." "Divine light" to guide a man, to create riot and ill-will-if not worse-on the Sabbath-day ! Mr. lHanna, however, on second thoughts, adopted the wiser course, and made no attempt to repeat hin dangerous experiment, leaving the field open to Mr. Ma;tico, the gentleman who hast already gaied some little notoriety as one of the apostles of street preacbing. There was not, it appears the slightest disturbance yesterday. TAMPERING WITH SHE hITARY. In connexion with the state of Belfast the Baonie of Ulster tells this story:- " The 30th Regiment, which arrived here this week from Dublin, had scarcely occupied their comfortable huts in our infantry barracks for tha second night when some of those disaffected persons by whom Belfast has been kept in a state of tumult and disorder for months past took advantage of the social moments of some of the corps, in ublichouses, to enlighten them as to the causes and istory ou our riots, attributing them, of course, entirely to the Orange party, who, as the soldiers were informed, had not only gone the length of wrecking Roman Catholic houses, but had even attacked and nearly destroyed the chapels themselves and the dwellings of the priests. The soldiers, whose religious prejudices and national feelings were thus worked upon, were, in several instances (as they were heard to boast), Tipperary ' boys,' of whom there are a considerable number in the30th. Belfast is, or is made to appear to be, bad enough, in a social view, without any infusion of the Tipperary element; aud, though our Protestant citizens have as little fear of being driven into the Irish Channel by a column of ' irregula' from that distant and daring county as ever they had, we can well appreciate the motives of those who would prepare excitable soldiers for taking part, while under the influence of drink, with such mobs as heave lately brought disgrace upon the metropolis of the North."
UKIYEI?SITY I5T1GELIaEyCE. OXFORD. SEPT. 29. On the 29th of November next there will be an election toa Fellowship at BaDiol College, open to graduates, and to such others as have passed all the examinations required by the lUniversity for the degree of B.A. Also, to two Scholarships, worth about 751. per annum, and tenable for five years, open to such undergraduates and others as shall not have attained their nineteenth year on the day of the electlon. Candidates are reguested to call on the master of Balliol on the evening of Wednesday, November the 18th, and to deliver to him- (a). For the Fellowship.-Certificates of baptism, testimonials from their colleges, and (if necessary) easamurs from the Pablic Examiners. (b). For the Scholarships.-Certificates of birth and of baptism, and testimonials from the heads of their colleges or school.
THE MIn,s, &c.--So ms urrToN, Sept. 28.- The IPeninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Alhambra, Captain J. K. Joy, sailed to-day for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, with the mails, 32 first and 20 second-class passengers, 15,91U. in specie, and a full general cargo. The next mails from the same auarter will be brought by the Tag Captaia E. Chrlstlin, due here on Sunday; and fromlndip and China by the Indus, Captain R. W. Evans. also due on Sund ay, but which is not expected until after that date, the antie patory telegram uot having yet been received via Trieste or MarseiUes. The Colombo, Cant. J. S. Field, takes out the next India and China mails on Sunday. The United States mall steamship Arago, Captain Lines, is expeoted on Thursday with advices from New York to the 19th of September. The European and American Company's steamer Jason, Captain Britton, left Bremen at 5 a.m. yesterday, and is expected here to-morrow morning on her way to New York. The steamer Vanderbilt, Captain E. Higgins, leaves for New York on Saturday. The RoyaL Mail Company's steamship Atrato, Captain WooUey, leaves on Friday with the West India, Mexican, and Pacific mails - and the homeward mails are due on the eame day by the Parana, Captain Bevls. The Tyne goes out on a trial trip on Thursday, previous to leaving with the Brazil and Biver Plate mails on the 9th proximo. TRoops FoR IN2DIA.-SOUT11APTON, Monday.- The steamer Sultan, Captain Neil Cook, one of the Peninsular and Oriental Company's fleet, is to leave this port on Friday next for Alexandria, with twvo companies of the Royal Engineers, consisting of 250 men and 11 officers, who wiU proceed by the overland route to Bombay and Calcutta. The Esuxie will, we bslieve, follow about a fortnight after- brds writh another body of troops for the same destination. The European and American Company's steamship Calcutta, Captain Blackmore, having com2pleted her fittings, &c., leaves to-morrow for Cork, whero she is to embark the 51st Regiment for India. THE COALPIT AccIDENT AT MA-cugmn ..-An account has already been published of a shockin ac t in a coalpit in Bradford-road, Manchester, by wichfr men were buried beneath a quantity of brickwork. A new shaft had been sunk to the depth of about 145 yards, when on Friday evening, the 18th inst., four men werelengaged in lining the shaft with bricks over a depth of 27 yards from the bottom. Owing to a want of proper precautions for securing this brickwork the whole of it gave way and fell to the bottom, burying the unfortunate sinkers under it. The total mass of bricks was about 90 tons in weight, and there being a considerable quantity of water at the bottom of the shaft, as usual in such cases, the removal of the fallen mass has been a work of time and difriculty. Notwithstanding every exertion to clear the shaft It was not until Saturday that the frst body was discovered. It was that of James Blair, aged 19. On Sunday a second body was recovered, that of John Clayburn, aged 17. Clayburn has left a widow and child, and there are still in the pit the bodies of Henry Appleton, aged 17, and Henry Turner, aged 27, who leaves a widow and throe children. The bodies taken out were much crushed and disfigured. An inquest on Blair and Clayburn was opened yesterday. There is no reason to attribute blame to any one but the unfortunate sufferers for the occurrence. [Advertisement.]-" Unprotected Feraales in Norway - or Ihe Plesauteet way of Travelling there, pawing through Donmark a Sweden," with many woodcuts and three coloured illustrations. In one rol., price 7a 6id., Is now ready. "pA aperk ing volume, dasbed off bv a young dame-artist in wo,d,, In oolour, and in thoughte, and mnkiug a very cascade of light, freSb, natural talk on travel and on thejoys,tBrefa, hnumours, terror,, ind ean'yroeeta of the fields an.d fiorO3of elar Nortbh.Atbeusu. " he whole of this volume is orignal a diary of July wanderiuga, with now and hben aparkles of womanfl wit and pleasant perAoual sketahes."-Leader. London, George lioutledge and Co.. FarrIngdon-street. [Advertisement.]-New NavalNovel.-" HarryHamilton; or. Adventures Adoat and Asbore I by Captain Stewart. is iust publfshed in the "Parloor Libry." price 1o 6. "A lIvely buetling tale, well told, of adventure at sea and On teore. It iS written vith vigoor andform9 au exoellentand origixnalnumbero Inthst admirablesei es," the "Parboer Library."-FPress. AjEo now ready, in this Series, "The Days of the Regency." by Mxrs. TzolloTee ce te.; "Ethel ChunrebUtl" by MtiS landon, Is. 61; - History of a lirII," 2s.- GleIl's H ussar" 2a.: DPnmm'd " Ohicot, tue Jester," in a few days, 2a Lindon, Thoma Hodgion, 13. Paterno3ter-row, [Advertisement.]C-harlotte Bront&-The third edition (vwith emendations and additinns) of the " Lie of Obarlotte Broute," by Mrs. Gaskell, is n mw ready. 2 vols., nast Svo., with platega price 24' cloth. "Oae ofthe bestblograpblesotawoman, bya woman, wh.ch wecan recsll torznind."-Atbernmum. Then,is a tarting patihos abOut this o00d Woman's hfe tbet is Feldom found in fiction, bowever good,; and no Oue cn read It wltho', feling strengthened and purifled2'-Glbobe' " ne of the nrroundeett.tragedie of mnodern 'lfe."-Spert,tter, L9pdooi, Smith, goder, and Co., 65, Ceruhll
I MUTINY TN INDIA.-THE RELIBE FUND. I V(,Plr The York subseription to the fund for the relief of tho sufferers in India has already reached the liberal sum of about 1,001., apartfrom theresponse whichit is .nticipated the several congregations of the city will shortly make to the appeals of their respective ministers. Among the subscribers are Lord Feversham, who has given 1OOL, the Arch. bishop of York, 501.; Mr. Thompson, the chairman of the Worth-Esstern Railway Company, oOI. ; the members for York, 251. each; Swann and Co., bankers, 601.; the Hon. and Rev. S. 'W. Lt6wley, 201.; and handsome sums have been received from the neighbouring gentry and others, a stroDg sympathy being felt for those who now stand so much in need of relief. The first sermon, based on the recommendation of the late public meeting at the Guildhall, was preached at York Catfedral on Sunday by the Ven. Archdeacon Churton, on which occasion the Lord Mayor attended in state, accompanied by the corporation. The Archdeacon, in allusion to the remark whch had been lately made that our care must be to regain the country, to punish the rebels, and to strike terror into the revolted provinces, contended, while he hoped that the country might be regained and justice vindicated ih the punishment of the murderers, whose deeds have fiUed many an English home with mourning, that to make permanent the goodwill of the natives the Government must evince itself more unequivocaUr a Christian Government. They iiust be faithful to iheir trust to the Most High, the blessed and only Potentate in heaven and In earth. He asked his hearers to let their aim be to stand by the cause of truth and mercy. KEWFISR-TOWN. Last evening a public meeting of the inhabitants of Kentish-town washeld inthe,National School-room,Victoria. road, for the parpose of expressing sympathy with the sufferers from the mutinies in India, and contributing to their relief. The Rev. D. Laing, incumbent of Trinity, St. Pancras, presided, and there was a numerous attendance. The Rev. Mr. FLETCHER said he was afraid we were now reaping the frnits of the indulgence which had been shown to the Brahmins and Mhabomedans. We had raised the idolatrous systems practised in India to a height they had never attained before our countrymen went to their shores. He did not believe that missionarifs, as a body, in their efforts to spread the Gospel among che people of India, were at all to blame for incimg the revolt; nor did he beheve that the Mahomedaus or Brahmins had any objectlon to the efforts of missionaries, beyopa the fear that Government would use force to compel them to embrace Christianity. Notwithstanding the fearful atrocities which had taken place, he would urge the necessity of banishing any feelingof revenge, and contended that there was nothing but the diffasion of the Gospel to reform the people of India. After adverting to the sufferings which have been endured, he urged the necessity of contributions for those who had sustainxed such severe losses. Mr. GARvBy movod the first resolution T1 hat thts meeting hsheardwithgr get andhorrm of the atroctis perpetrateduponthe EngliahInladlia andexpectllyupon English. women And children, and would wish to glva expressioc to lIe deep sympathy for the friends and smviving relatives of tho3e vho have alen victims to the fiendish spirit of the revAlted soldters iu that country." He denied that the revolt had anything of a national character in it; the provinces in revolt were upwards of 40, and comprised different languages, costoms, and religions, and therefore it was impossible that there could be anything of a national feeling at all in the unfortunate oecurrenoes which had been and were now taking place. The true character of the revolt was that of a revolt or mutiny of a numerous, pampered, and licentious soldiery. Whatever may have been our crimes in India, they were not to be a'ttributed to the present generation. Nena Sahib had acknowledged that the British rule in India had been most considerate, maerciful, and beneficent. While he would not hsve one innocent mau suffer, yet he would have those who had been guilty of such unheard-of barbarities punished to the extent, if possible, of their deserts. He was sure it was quite unnecessary for him to urge upon his hearers the duty of taking part in the great movement now on foot for the relief of the suffering and distressed. Mr. CARTEnR S3nTjr seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Several other clergymen and gentlemen having addressed the meeting, a coliection was made. LE AMINGTON. A large and infuaeRtial meeting was held. dt the TownhaUl, Leamington. yesterday morning, under the presidency of Lord Leigh, Lord-Lieutenant of the county. Among others present were-General Roberts, Colonel Pratt, Captain Tryon, Capitain BeviUe, man- leading gentry of the town and neighbourhood, most or the local clergy, and several dissenting ministers * Lord LEIGII, in opening the proceedings, said he was quite sure there was not a person then present who had either read or heard of the abominablo atrocities perpetrated by the mutineers in India upon our unfortunate conntrymen and countrywomen who did not feel the deepest sympathy with those sufferers. (Hear, hear.) It was unnecessary for him to expatiate upon those horrors, and he was glad that it was Bo; but he would call upon them to come forward warmly and heartily in support of the cause which had drawn thom together. The Rev. Dr. BicrmoRn proposed, - That this meeting desires to express its strong aud earnest sympathy with our fellow-countrymen in India, under tho cruel and unheard-of sufferings they have so nobls endured and the destitution to which so many of them are now reduced., ' Mr. W. TOLLEMACHE seconded the resolution, which was cared unanimously. The Rev. Dr. WLTsIow moved the next resolution, namely.- - That this meeting dosires to abist the surviving sufrererm and the widows anod orpbans of those who have fallen, and to this end most axouly entreat theb-eevolent cautributlos of the Inhabitant of he tow n and neIghbourhood-" In alluding to the calaniity, he observed that this was not the time to inquire into the causes of it, but he trusted, when their feelings had somewhat cooled down, as a nation they 'would call upon both Houses of Parliament for the futlest inquiry into the origin of the disaster. He thought the calamity the judgment of God, in consequence of this country, in a Christian point of view, not having done its duty towards India, and considered they ought to leave vengeance in the hands of God. Might justice be tempered with mercy, and might we prove that we were sincere Christians by giving a blessing for a curse! Captain BEviLLE: seconded the resolction. The Rev. Mr. BROnLEY proposed- " That subecription litts be placeod at the different banking e- thblishments and libraries for the purpose, and that Mr. 13tatiey, chairman of the Local Board of Hlealth, be appointed Treasurer, and Mr. t. H. Dasies, hou. secretary to the fend." - Captain STvEWART briefly seconded the resolution. Colonel PRATT condemned the merciful view taken by the clerical gentlemen who had addressed the meeting, Dr. BicxcscoRo explained that the administration of justice rested vith Government, adding that, as private individuals, it was 'wrong to entertain sentiments of revenge. All the resolutions were carried unanimously, and the proceedings terminated by a vote of thanks to the chair. man, About IGO vwas coUected in the room. SOUTEPORT. A meeting of the inhabitants of this town was held on Friday evening last "to express sympathy with the sufferers by the Indian mutiny, and to devise means for their relief." The meeting Was oonTened by Dr. Wood, the Chairman of the Southport Improvement Commissioners, in pursuance of a requisttion influentialy and numerously signed. Letters were read from Mr. T. R. Bridson, accepting the post of Treasurer, and enclosing a subscription of 21 guineas; from Mr. Peter Latham, enclosing 10. ; and from the Rev. G. Greatbatch, also enclosing a donation. Dr. Wood presided. The ev. C. HES KETH, rector, moved "That this meeting deaply deplores the horrible crueltios inflicted upon our feuow countrymen In India." The resolution was seconded by Mfr. J. F. STEAD ; and supported by Mr. J. H. Wrigley and Mr. S. BoorTHROD. It was carried unanimonsly. The Rtev. B. S, CLARKE proposed, and Mr. DARWZLL seoonded a resolution to the effect "Thatthe omeetingdesired to express tbeir heartfelt gympathy with tbohe whobadbeendeprived of their friends and property by the treacherous and atrocious conduct of the Indian mutineer.!' The Rev. J. JACKSON supported the resolution, 'which was carried unanimously. A subscription was commenced, and the sum collected in the room amounted to upwards of 1801. HAMBURG, SEPT, 26. A summons has been published in the B6rscnJle evening journal of yesterday, and signed by a dozen of the highest and wealthiest firms of this city, calling public attention to the present state of India, of 'which the following is a translation, demanding as it does, as the first example of sympathy expressed by our German friends on thiis side the water uptote present moment, the thanks of our countrmen. *A mPULIC smornoNs (ArFituF). "The awful events in tdlsa fiu the heart ol every firend oz humanity writhnmonrningand frightful sahudderiag. Tihousands of Europeans, 'whom f'et had destined to occupy the outposts of civillZation in the Iurtberan3e of Christian moralitys aud cultivrtion, hava been slaughtered in the most inhuman manner by barbarians, and those theyhave left bhe'atn' oo¢laell tO wonander albout tabecouutry bereft of all means of existence in ooasequence. Much, ver mush, hs been done In Cal:utt3, ani iudaltely mora ia the mo:her country on their bebal ; but with us the wish of giving the people of England, with whom We ace closel3y o3neate In a commercial polnt of vievw, a proof of our sympathy is prominently involved in this Instance. " The undersigned, therefore, caU uponL their fellowvoldtens for conttiuoas In aldof the survivhy victims ot the revolt in the East Indies, and hope toO Meiev liberal sum, which will be remitted to the ,general committee in London. against the usual acknowledgment ot recelpt for the amounts. "Sum3 in ready cah will be reoelved by either of the undersigned firms, and ei Baeo by the North German Bank:- A. A LEXANDER & CO. " . T. MERCHE a cO. "ANDERSON HOBEEI CO. "T. C. P. REFARDS. "AUG. BEEIN. " ROSS VID&L a 0,o "T. BERENBERGGOSSLEL&CO. "T. H. 8IHRODERt. "BISOHoFF & RODATZ. "I M. ULOMAf,N. T. C. GODEyRPOY &; SON. "J. F. TESD3RPF & Co. Hamburg Sept. 25."I
THE LATE MURDER IN IMEGH WOODS, NR BRISTOL.-The police are actively engaged in tracing the movements of the prisoner Beale between the time of his departure from Freshford with the deceased girl, Charlotte Thtgsley, and his return to Daventry on the Saturday after the murder. At the adjourned examination on Friday next we are informed it will be shown that Beale was seen in the neighbourhood of Leigh Woods in company with a woman answering the description of the deceased on the afternoon of Thureday, the 10th, and that he was afterwards seen alone coming from that direction on the same evening. On Friday it is certain, from the evidence of many witnesses, that he remained in Bristol, and that he left on Saturday for Daventry. CRYsTAx PAiOE-ONE Srrnwo DAY, Monday, Sept. 28.-Admissions on payment, 3,210; ditto, by E3ason tickets, 201, Total visitors, 3,411
I ENGLAND'S SUMMER, 1857. The ecboes of the rae of war Fade in the EAStern distance; "Two years ago" looms very far In our well-filled existence: On that broad East, yet more remote, We waste not thought or feeling, But muse on British flags afloat, And swarthy millions kneeling. Week after week the summer sun, Undimmed by cloud or ahower, With an Italian speed brings on Tho happy harvest hour; The arts of peace, by plenty nur31, Proclaim the world's alliance, Even ia the merry trumpet burst, And shouts of gay defianoe. Then flash along the sentient-wire Some words so brief and fearful, That they who hear themi scarce desire To see their children cheerfal: Tidings that through wide Hindostan, Where Britain's role stood surest, No life is safe of Christian man, The loftiest or the poorest. Is it a nation roused to meet In arms a strange dominion?A people maddened by the heat Of just or false opinion No; soldiers, cared for as our seons, And clothed vith England's honour, Have turned their parricidal guns With basest craft upon her I Soon things that make young blood rux cold We whisper, while we tremble; Or cry that truths shall not be told We to ourselvea dissemble; And hideous imsags affzight Our soul's deep hiding-places, And in our sleep we start at sight Of unknown forms and faces. Our fair expanse of green and gold Can hardly find us grateful, The very sun that could behold Such scenes is almost bateful; Warm rays flare up to cruol heat,We sicken and we languish, With those on whose sad heads they beat Intolerable anguish I Wfe mark, as comes the breese of mon To freshen and to sweeten The ripples of the oaten corn, The biUows of the wheaten; And feel that not one such sweet breath Can reach where pareh'd and tangled The earth gives up to wasting death Our brethren fonully mangled. And oh I the pangs of those who know What never must be spoken- Hearts that will bear abont the woe Of memory until broken: God give them thoughts of those who died In Christendom's first ages,- The child, the veteran, and the bride,- The saints of history's pages ! For these are Christian martyrs too- And England's all the dearer: The mighty work she has to do These agonies brings nearer ;- Conjuring her by that pure blood No moment to abandon The task of world-embracing good She once has laid her hand on. She cannot match the devilish deed, Nor mate the hideous treason,Her blow is not the traitor's meed, But self-defending reason That will be lavish of its life, And hold all cost unconnted Till through the length and breadth of strife This peril be s=rmounted Then may she pardon-only then- When shamed and coijscienee-stricken, The credulous or slothful men Who let the horror thicken- Who llttle knew and nothing planned The evil bond to sever, Nor dared to burst it with the hand Of resolute endeavour. Yet while the rulers we condemn, Who failed in due prevision, We trust for Britain, as for them, In history's great decision,- That subject lands more justly ruled, And strength more mildly wielded, Had never been, than when befooled To noble hopes we yielded;- Hopes of a world the force of law, The worth of knowledge prizing;From Heatlendom's debasing awe To Christian reverence rising; Hopes of a people struggling forth From custom's deep entrancement, Led by the conquerors of the north To Freedom's safe advancement. Be this an Oriental tale By Saxon pride engendered,- Hopes for a hundred years may fail, Yet not be all surrendered: And now from each distracting scene Of passion fiercely nourished, We know what India might have been Had Moslem tyrants flourished: So would have been, and yet would be, If England sbrank from duty. * Then watch your harvest wealth with glee; Rejoice in Nature's beauty, Making her bounties rmnisters Of toil and self-denial, And Victory's surest harbingers, Atter the fery triaL P. LAL
THE VOLUNTTEERS, TO THE EDITOR OF THE T ES. Sir,-Some degree of public attention has been exeCted by a Horse Guards circular, in which a commission in the line is promised to any gentleman of suitable qualifications who can bring into the service 100 recrnits. It may, perhaps, be nnknown to you that this offer is now suspended, and I will, vwith your permission, detail tho result of my own application. The memorandum referred to was published in 7e Timcs of, I believe, the 5th or 7th inst. The terms suited my case exactly, andI determined to intimate my intention to the proper quarter. It took me two or three days to arrango money matters, &c., and to assure myself of the feasibility of my obtaWini 100 men, but, nevertheless, within a week I had despatched my application to the Adjutant-General. Severaldays elapsed, when the following reply arrived *Horse Guards, aW., Sept. 16,1857. "Sir,-I am directed by his Eorat Ecbneo the Genersal Cornmanding-in-ie to ackbowledge the receipt of our letter of the - inst, and to acquaint you that tho list of candidates for CommiseioDs, on the condition of ralaiag 100 recruita. is nOw fuU ; but your name wi be noted. and should your service be deeoed requisite at a future period a further conmunicatiou wiU bemade to sou. "I am, Sir, your oboeleat servant, " W. F. FORSTEI, D. A. G." Now, Sir, this seems rather sharp practice, for I cannot deem a week to be too long a period for mature reflection and deliberate choice. This promptitude contrasts favourably with official practice in general. Still bating my own 1ll luck, there are circumstances attending this refusal on which it is pleasing to reflect. That there is no lack of gentlemen willing to comply with the spirit of the circular seems clear. The reply above Is lithographed, a fact speaking for itseLf. Again it follows, I think, pretty clearly, that recruits are plentiful, and thus the general, deep-settled conviction of their scarcity must be unfounded. If, then, we volunteers are thus coldly repulsed-wo who sswent as a condition of our appoLitment to raise each 100 recruits, by how much the less has the Horso Guards need of " Young lEngishmen," or volunteers of other classes? "aptain W4ilkinson" and " Centurion," and that Canterbury gentleman who only displays initials, had best have consulted their time and pockets by no precipitate patriotic feeling. I, Sir, have held myself in solution for the last two months, ready to accept any service on any condeions. I am not wealthy, and, as I see no chance of becoming available, I cannot remain longer inactive. Next week wiUl see my military ardour-to my regret-for ever casoed in a civil service appointment. tTnharnessing myself, then, I cannot avoid dropping one word into the ears of those impulsive braves-I mean "Young EnglishmeuL"-who are at this moment " all eager for the fray.' To them, I say, the Horse Guards will be their ruin. Its officials write in such honeyed terms that from them a refusal loses aU its accustomed bitterness; they treat you so courteously that the most determined grumbler cannot fail to be mollified by the attention herocelves. The long official envelope, the irreproachable paper, and the ampleseal! whatmore? In short, the poorwretchwho in an unguarded moment has been tempted to address that eosters ilusory expectations, pines on and on while month follows month, luntil he fnds himself over age, and decidedly unsettled in his future career. _ I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant. AL sa-vwUn, oepr;. z*.
SALES BY A*UT1O1l. ESR t SrOod, nkear Rocbester, Rent. M SR.FULLER arnd aU IS EY will SELL by ILAUCTION, TPitS D&bY, Septemlaer19, I857, at $oclaokl in tae afternoon precisely, at the Crown Hot-l, Rohehs ter, In two iots, an fim. portant P±EEBli'LD PROPERTY. aituate on the ba~uks of the Medtway, at Strood, Kent, a few paces frssor the Ptoehester-beidge aod from the railway station, comprising a, uewly-erected s undry or m3uu. factory, ED feet byv 00 feet, with tiled roof, boiok-pit 11usd with oement, 12 feet diamoeter, 12 feet, deep, a large brick and cemnent tank for water. cupola, or muelting-houBe. lofty detaooled hrick chIrmney ahaft, smith's chop, a wharf with extens,ive frontege next the M1edwhy, with lay-by; yard, two wood-built cwttages each eoot~iuieg throea rooms, let to weekly teniants at To. Gas. per week, brick-built oottage arrsy as a pattern stare ; brick-built c tt,tge. containing two roomns, tt at 2s, d. per week;, also a. coa,fcytable brick-built residence, In front of the street, conatainingz four rooms. washboiuse. and lard, at present on hand. bait ef the rental value of lil5 Der annum. ti toeheyesvd that a sight of foreshore -ilt be grar ted from the Admiralty anti from the Corporation of the City of IP-ebester, whloh will enable the owner cf this Droper'y to carr-y out the wharf to the bend of the river, thereby much tarreasinir the wharf (rontage; and as this lsathe only available wharf in is r'm,-t a large revenue ma,y be derived from wharftge alone. One-half the roadway leading down. to the ,wharf beonca to the property. To be vtew,ed till toe sale. Plarttculays may be had Erever days vreviouslY on the prerrises; of Mr. Pra11, solicitor, Rochester; at the Crown ; and of bdeeisr. Fuller and Horsey, Biliter'steeet. London. R.C. Casyheld& X.w&nal-wceeu. NUl idieeex. BIE. ROBERT REID will S&Ll,, at Garraway's, -AJby order of the Desirces of Sir. John Saunders, deocased. en F'r1day, Oct. P, at 2, In three lute, a COPYHLsLD PROP£R'Y, comprising two houcea wtth gardenDs, aud a butcher's ehop, tlanghterhouee, st,bling, and excellet tpriv.te dsselilg, being Foe0.,2 andSl. Sauoer-ru. iursdlaelyadlinie te e care o te Kensal-green Cs-relry,andin he earahutte threo, poduin awell-secured rentl o £07perannu, ad hld o th Manr o Abott's, Keusingion sujet t a rilIn ritoseC an nminl fnecertain. The houes aybe iewd y prmisIn o te sapectv tenantso. Particlar ma h hot o Mesr. Baumnt ndThompson, solieltorm tS. incineinn-iels; t Grrawy's an ofMr. Robert Rteid, 28, To smalt tsilste.-D're.are,m LEseonegrove. anjd Portland.towu. -The Leasebold Eatatea; of Wm., Sbepbard, Eso.. deceased. R, . ROBERT REID will SELL, tat Garraway's, MV (by order of. the0 Execatora) on Friday, October 9, at 12 lot I precisely, Int l8 ots, % LEASEIIuLD ESTATR ; compristng37 housessituate and being loae. 2 to 9 inclusive. Blghworth-rtrcet-' Noe 5 60 7. and 12, Unlon-u-tre,t and Noe. '27 to TA toonotasve, Rerelo-aA trset Liseon-grove -ideos. 48 Sod 49, Park-street ; and Nos. 12 and 13, Newstreet-mews. lorseetquare ; and Nos. S and 9, William-street : Noe. 8, 9, 10, 1i, and 12, Henry-etreet ; snd Nos'. 2, 2, 4, 5, 6, and?7, Charleslane, For tland-toivrt; let at rents amounting to £914 per annum, and held for uneripired terms of from 42 to 66 rears, at gruond rents ; also weli-Eecued GIround Rtents, amountiNg to £75 10s. Per annum, arising out of 17 private residences,and shops, situate Foe. IOto 2i both inclusive, Henry-street east, Portland-town, held from the Dulke of Portland. for 63 years unexpired, at a. peppercorn The house may, be viewed by permission of the reveretire, tensaute. Patiaulars may be had of mr. W. C ipetone sHolItor 5 St.frord-etreet, Liason-grove; of Sir. Frederick S),epherd 32 tipjpr Ylork-street, Portman-seuare; of Win. Siaolaren, IIQ. 15' ldoretcin-terrace. Kenitlab-town ; at Garraway's; and of Mr. 1tob~j itei, 40. Gtreat ?darlbeoyough-street. Noe. a9, Caithboepe-plae Gray's )inn-road.- Stock irs Trade of an Iron- monger, Utenils, as, anid Etteota.-Elnal Sale, hr direction of tho Assignees. ]R. PETER BRZOAD VI-i SELL by AUCTION, Mon the Premises, an Thureday. Oct. 1, at 12, the whole ot the remaining STOCK ini TP,ADE: eemyrisADg every description of furnishing Ironmongery, nails, screws, tools, locks, brass goods, ooachx belt-, hinges. japannred and copper goods, handsome register staoves, fenders, lamps, he. ; also the fatures and utensils, strong sotrtog cart, and vazIous eflects. On view the day prior and wessing of sate. (lat%togues on the premises; of Messrs. J., ar,d .0. H. Linkslater aldflack. 'wood, soliciters, firse-lane;- of Chas. Lee, ltsq., 20, Aldermnaubury; or of the auctioneer, 23. Poultry. Thet-rate ~Coffee arid Chop Housbe temarcket, eblata PWd ESSRS. ARTONhs a ceisury. blaeuwrd MESSRS.BARTONand SON will SELL by AUCI.iY..TON,at arrway. o Thrsdy, ctber3 t1 h au abeM ESSR .CE S and SOD IL OfNhs esitale SELLIZ.S by A E- TIONE , k owna the Prsse Cufs,f to, tningbarfd taChopf Houseosituat Sep.i0.ation, abdhlort aO toerm 0oeif years, PAtL23 per annum Thvera bvraetakns andmgnadnt of ale. porer. aondthu. May be viewed, and partnno-iicrhaatgolalvwa's Cataofuetheadouthoeprms,estmistr-ofeasm OlomfEdSSoS. actioSee and cO ' ityLLb. A C Sept 10 atIi, bou 60 doen Of pASS' PLE AL, alm d requralt MIjR. CLARKSON (in conjunction with Mr.WILAYj AX,will SF,L by AUl ITION. at the Mart, on Thursday, October 1, at 12 for 1, a valuable LEAsEHOLD 6RIOUNID RENT of £17 per annum ampl secred non fur nely&ad substantially built ship andtwo rivae d eltir-hores.beig Foe, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. and S. Wrayerrce. oteto S. Jde'eChich,Old Betbnal.sreen-row), ~ ~ drect rom he freholer, SirW.F F. Mtddta. ata eppecor sea. Ma beviewed, and particulars obtaned n th prmise: attheMart of liotaru GooeS,Eoq., 4, Ricbmnc-H-lousehold Puroittir an Efct, octave Cottage CoPany. inrosewood case, an 30Sarsi toe Richmnond Gas H4 DREW has received instructions from the Eecou. *LL tor of the ilae Mirs. Harriet Splcer to BELL by AUCTIOX, on the Premises. 4 Upper Hill.tyetre, To-morrow, Sept. 30, at 12 for], the genuine F#ftFITTJRE sud EFFECTS; comprising mahogiany, Japannied. and Iron bedsteads anid hanginigs, clean bedding, mahQ,,any and jap%aned wvardrobes, cheets of drawers and the usual bed chamber furniture ; rosewood and mnahogany couches, easy and other chairs. set of mahogany extending dining tables, Brussels and Kiddernainter carpets andI hearth rugs chimney-glasses In gilt frames, china and glass, and other effects, k~ay be viewed the day prior and maorning of Sale. Catalogues obtained on the premisfes bat lbs prInoi al iunns ina the neisubcourbood ; and of the auctioneer,- ]eorge-street, Richmond. ToOle,Eery and Glass Clotb Makers, Eniclaeers, he, lifEsil. DW and MATTHEWS are instructed .LVJ. b theProrieors to SELL by ATUCTIONT, on the Premises, know as he Trbih EmeD5-mialis. Iloret-street, Ciapham-r-oad, nearItonintonChuch, on Tolerday, October 8, the S'URPLIUS STOCK machnery,ho,;comprising a large sinantity of emtery cloth, glas paer, eveal Onof bitck lead and emery ps.wder, strong horsemil, wsh airsfstoe, cruehbre capital emery-mill, thzee Patent paper-cutting machines, five snpeolior tuorning lathes, quantity, or large stardlxtg vies, enginerers tools, benches, he., two capital carts, dog cart, carthoroe, a well-bred coa, chaIse and harness, tee erectIons of eoveral sheds, building materials. 20,000 minio riSle cartridges, 200 bullet mioulds and clippers. masgaine, &o . smnall qiuatity of office and household furniture. on view day before and morning of nalo. Catsloguc-s to be had on the premtises; at the Hocus Tavtrn ; and of the auctioneers. 12. itlehopogate without, Ciashamsise-2,The erme,-Iandoms ousholdi -Frurntre,a few aintngsaud nesaino. Chn. Glase and other Erfeste. 1'.jR. TH VMS illSEL by AU CTION, on the .LYj.abov Prtmre,a onT srdaT -Otber 1. at ii for 12 precisely theertllet mder PUlNTUI B and EFFECTS therein; coom: P .iighnsm drawUn"rooE suIT, caital dInin,-oo heaIrs,1t GadOth ridable,a duetoned elota1,FVE pinoorte, avehAndsome Petette mu'istn6 with imcs aved Sisilv teredgassceFAsctor,lnd thead usul articlesroft furniture.r kinurvie.day rteularatog and dornig ratpe. Catal oguslisay be hadrnithe preises; aoond at the auctio nee' ofthces,Capctanee-ommoutr. lIR. SHUTTILEWORTH will SELL, ait the Mart, JJ Ont Friday, October 2, at 12, FIn E lo ng, LTWOP OLlCSCr h Is OSEI, Fo, 1 to25 Icluive,Sinnab -toracea Lieas India-oa, of the auctioneer, 1, Cira'pei-thac25,Poultry lIcies, ~ ~ itpi-iae MeRm SOYTTlE OR THD will S ELL, at the Sa Haot,i onal Hasiday, onTe %s, ober 6, at 6 i, inelote, TWO byLOl fr teT smof thytees actndg500 utiderfdwt the Lon o f. dadonWie ban,deCow Litofesse, if hee7; n lth,rlee policie outhe LsonedonLfeby Dimpte rial sperivel,lves 2, 1. ad 4. Paticlarsma b and of Wai Worship,n bait, slicior,Yaronria itcAory, Trculers, and Smth,r co 5,enhrces. moltn-sreet atthe reartad cofmtheatrgtoer 1,t Chael-place, Poultry. ~ ~ ~ ,sn on3ulgfrn ad k flerabe Feehod Popety 10by Welliugtdooreqs), front audinckdra.- Messrs. SOYKEscullery, ar.and SotS,ea ooheSwntecH.otal Hotel Hasings,on T esday,nOtoberuar, a 0 asing the evenIng,y lotder And HOastingfr, inabwckdshitemroo sitution, undctnbyodn room.pslou, front and hark drawing roomlas commnunicating by fold-n igdoors), stx ted rooms, bozkitchern.rom eultery end ocuhery,cynreulanda alsoea convenieincs the preiiarscoamplyrto n Mr -iW.lB the h olme: tot 2atig .A sord toushe 20ctioneer ll3singto.qe-,Iarig,pl sinanityds-rate itha brduLth% rp5Tt,an continin Meroust, Pand h7eo diningroomsintn mochatirb folding doors),bufroert Randlhack dlrrawtag rooms as Contmrncots. byPea foldingtoom fnivebemad roomes,.it c en.SoSEkeprarsr, oley ad andMASOtherD coveinces Loth M A re iehod ho tuct, 2 n, Weromthus se, P Hasiting, adjoWinItnglot 2 sandl.nta;log frs n aelnqutbcg diningeoos tomsumuit attog P byfOlding doorIT IONedoos wi housekeeperv 'so roomda, nthebeh, Tuiesdy, tyard t,an ondTher convenienS.h For ati.co~mnrarg pl to cr W,v atb. toagt solici- bui, 0Ylders, Conracors BDulder, rerpendbtee Engticnees, ed others. baItno i000 reelinquih.n besieeb , to submitotooPea PUliLotC ICOOO fee t Honduras malsojany In great variety of thickneaessa; 20.000 feest Spaniish and Cuba mahogany; 10.000 feat Ravanas cedar; 10,000 feet ItaJinn walnut wood ; 200.000 feet Italian walniutwood veneers, comprising one of the moat beAutiftil and valuable stoats ever imported '10,0(0 feet rozewood vercers ; 10,000 feett mahoganiy and other veneers: 10i us roeewood,(a quantity of oak staves, trade utensils, and other cods. Also the interest In the lease of the -saleable water side, Premiest held fora long termn at a low rent, on tihich Is erected a substantlal convenient reeldesco, dnirigeheds, etager, saw pita, stabling ho., containing every requisite, 'and In the very beet condition foe carrying ons an extnui ve'retail trade. To be viewed two days1 pre vious to, and on the mornings of sale. Cataogues ton due time, of Thomes Edwards and Son, mahogany brokers and auctioneer, 15, Pinner's-hall, Old Broad-street,city. Soutbw k.c-VaInabluae Frehold Waterside P5roperty, land-tax re. deemed, contiguous to London-bridge, and Immediately adjacent to the city of London. R . IL. WILOHER is laletructed by the Executors illOtD the late Jocepbh Goodbhild, y-eq., to %ELt5by AUDO. TION lUnlsess preylously dlsposed of hiprivate coniact, A of which dne noticeswill be giveni.) at the Mart, opposite the Bank, THIS DAY, the 89h of September, at 12 o'clook in one lot, the desirable andI Important FREEHOLD W4TkRS1DH PROPERTY,.omprising two suibstantIal brIk-budit warehouses, of three floors each, with two epaolona dwelling-houses attached thereto, situate and being Noe. I and 3, Tooley-street,Bouthwark, having a fronitage of 45 feet on the laud ride, and a SPlendid clear frontage of 46 Ceet, by a mean or average depth sf 105 feet, with facilities for the eoeotlisU of a wharf platform; the whole of the estimated value of £1,00 Pr anum Th aboe ofer a arsOpportumity of scouring ImpotantandspacousfreeoldpeemsesaDated foes awharf oran othr Prpoe runtIn a irs-casswatr-sdesituation, and from the yealy ocrasig vlueof hisdesrlpionofDrOperty. may be oon. sideed a offringunnaal fciliies nca eainaseuendhhl T o Capitla andotherii.-PoeieADtorF SSl of the Rath HIotel ineaminton. MESSRS. COOKFS ONS. and MERES have re- X 'elved lnotrecttons from the Mortgagees to SELL hyAUl'MON (unlers Previously dispoted of, of wbich notice will be gileun, on the Premies, Leawutgion, THIS DAY, Septenmber29, at 6 for 7In the afternoon, and rub' ct to conditions to be then and there Prodnoed :- Lot 1. All that olaesablahed FAMTLY HOTEL and 0OMGEft. CIAL HOUSE, known sa the Bath Hotel Bath-stree, Leamington Prioro, situate in the meoet improving and sest busines Darts ot the town, witbin only a tew mInutes' walk ot the Great Western and London and North.Weatern Railway Staions. The premises, both internaly and externaly, have jest been thoroughly repaired, at a at outlay, and contain 20 bed rooms. elx eltting rooms, entranceail, with bar and parlonr, large brewbous,e kitet en, -fices, cellarage, hC.; tbe whole having a frontage to Bath-treet of 05 feet or thereaboute. The etable-yard adjoining is capacious, and contalns groom's cottage, Stabling fur 24 horses, saddle rooms%, si look-np coach. houses, Diggerie, &C., alt well upplied with Water. The whole ot the above Is freehold, and oontains about 2,000 square yards. Lot 2. All tbat Freehold House and Premise on the north sile of the last lot, with wiech It ommuntcatee. and containing tmoke rooma, tJD room, Passage, store rooma, yard, ao., eith Iarg Bitting reom abov and capital cellaring nnder the ame. Thin hoI has been eBtabtlshe. MMoetbtanhralI aenatUry and to parties wishing tocommence buien is a moot desrsabae OplOruiDty. as thab resent receipts are sattafaotry aud ny be coroldembly incresee AnaSra ent can probably be InAde for the greater porUon ot the purchase-mooney to remsain at insret it req eeod pThe biaj may have immediate posession, and n tak to the hoolk, Foriture, lunea lte,ft , Stata valuation in the usual wr. The auctloneers eeve to etethe s t ooering the abovo aop e es In one lot, Jbr varther prtalus a to bOharlee Ed so., olistor, Warwick- William l , Sot oftoM*ur, g5Ggktop ~Qi~ 4 ow egu, aeitlnor Lee Now on V-vcW.-Sav1le.row.-V2ef,gl modem TnmijtMP, Chimniey. Glamn 4blIlant-toned Cottago Pianoforte, by Ktrkrna, a Serai. Cortte,e Do. by, Roeetnkeauz, Books in Geneval Literature, a few lora orf Chi andaa GlaA Bronze and Or-moWu Gas ChandeUiers, and Mis. cellaneona Itemn, removed from orivate Residences. 1 ESSRS. RUSHWORTH anaJARVIS wiISELL .k,lby AUCTION, at their great Roorm, To-msorrow, Set. 37, cnr, card rexitestmodbernePc F aDIaUrtmeot g.a for the drawirioe raAnoom.bey damask window ci C o . chairs, and indulgent ditto, cente, ard an ociotl tble lmwalnut-tree, roeewood, and ruehogany, cabinets, Brursels and other carpets, cu:, fedte and 18ra- rhns. eas u'andellers, clocks, and ornamental Items, a brIllIant-toned veUocte oottage p1swoforte, by lrkmane, In% rojawood cam.e nearly ntew ; a 61-octave aemit cottago do, by Rosenkranz, chimney glastes in gilt frames, for %he dining room and library, mbhogany chairs, maho. gamy extendieg diniur tasles, Wefsetal ldeboard, tiobrar tables anud chairs, bookcas 200 solo. boose In general literature; for the bed chamber,. Freneh and Arabian bedsteadsvr,ith capital bedding, chests of drawers. waeshtance wth mMIUle tnps,dcpheva eand toilet aistes, a few lot's o table glars, the usual requite to the dnmeic ofties and mlseellanoons usefol seet8, Catalogues may now he had, at te oe-Iaes of hehesr. Rusbwor*h and Jlarvis, Baville-row, Regent- treept and 19, COange-alley. CornlIdl. Oh mney d bne n by Broadwood and Sons, of Plated Arles,xb-Find Gtn taneons EHett, eseled I cum stertfrsie M FnBSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS will SELL Tby AlJCTrION, at tbeir great, R,om, on Tuesday, October 13. the COIITicNTd of a COTTAGE RESIDENCE. comprising the complete appendasesto the draw ing andA dining roomsa.llbsy and haTll,chandneygiasses, Turkey, Bruesels, and other carpets and rues, a l-0stuave powerful-toned cabinet pianoforte by Eroadwood and Bons, some capio psetaed article cable isrvree in china and glass, the customary requistes to the sleeping apartmenta and domneitfo offices and. other effects. To be viewed the day °Icohetin tho sale, a,n& cataognue bad at the, oificeas of Messrs. Ruehwnrth and Jarvis, Saville-cow, Regenkt. seeet,and 19 Change-alley, Cor'L no tu Ber4InL.e AILreY respectfullynannoe.aun:es thate the .AJLFREEOLDCOTTAES. a Godeone.8urrey, advertUise for Sale ate: G rma's,on o the 9theinants. PaceISPaSED cOP by Private Contart-27 Chswe.steet Finbnr.cqare B... ept 55 1827. Freeholdf IveaSmleur taoly eOued, andpodcn £U20 per %annum Holloway, USidaleser. Banipraulth ad Beuondey.-Ellgble easeol.fo thve Eoctmer 1d B. JAILEY 'wi SELL by AUCTION, at GuOar. Jilraway'e,THIS DAY. Sept. 29, at 12, by direction of the TeuAtors boa the Islaner. Mary Fld, the alseuale FREEHOLD ORO", D tbUIe andcr WI. Veaa' LTro, known asr ItSbheLrdNeon,staesd zweing hgeouoan ble d E, s fonof high rtad Hol Halwa also ther ee outdtaor pdcig a i e £90aperoannum. Oeen Sleas, foa hvic h aemu of rence was pi Maybe ieed yprmnmmn o th tnans,andpaticulars thad at Garrrra's, f Co. Hndeson,Req, roic bol,22, tLe firstl-ratree the Adam hand ve,Llienmrei.ed and atthe officf otheauntioueer, 27. C ee nnb e mEaow bay, 54fatshee, pt1, oons letonles3a ;gDerober frto'ames, ltame der,parof whirJE swans Ftreehold Grounderl road enat£er anrnue Newi fothelaluaole renrsoo of ra sack cent of£200 per annu at Ctheend l:of 121 years. an-tax 77,AKIo BAILEk Sll b S UTIONL b t 2 ha£i SSwuyds,l ) S., at 15, by direcio oReNT of £10her Fannum,arsig of Mr4Torhoouses tnb eoieder adhalsx plac, ar shoprl,rt ditane fiomth we aDdCommsrclel.road Seat, ner Whgivechapetl. mlchtonwese,o an uatbnexpre temo gh sar,fo Sepembe lots 1of7 ftmatr oy be v iewed tredy rcdn h aeb = odatlte ofihaed of the aDr conee, 27a, Clslselsfe the aiacilarg- 0~~~~~ 0 remp cot. . -C Tatigai-o. e Mill-ill,e nSE, LdLesx-ivbot-l Hunters9 and 12 g,vryhnsm CobE, ORN TaoPnesRarigs encXe R o ndtR SoO! N, e and Nenta t teiene, ate o lng maissho-moyrabow, Sreptember and athe 1.hwhleofth St-rate S ;~~~~~~~~f Hast, eqal o an weght;a vea ~ndeoe cb, ad toom dnit ponies a ton-Irent pilvtum tmei nt baset niatons, doublean sIngle hrneesW. castbreis,cr hascte to manur ditto: 0o ofime olditodn muesoway, 24efatse pg cws, suetntamerckb deer3G-16%,3 pair of white5 swans MISMbein Nos 19 20,and 1largce Nrewt oinon t ohe parishooLem aen Mn h poet ay be viewedthdspro. Cartslerues andondtheOems Of Fanehd 0oftMeancons. 'Watsrn.adBn,slotr,Buel-tekPet Dea eowWldorth-riadles.CosHrs,Cat..c R. and SO. IV ll ELLtb SEL IOL byA nC a ewIsle of ftntuee 6Myh.oe ath morin ofU susnale anEd w ndlSONuwillbSELL byi AUCTION0 1, ond 2 Bweriday,hctober ,a,o the tremiet,th hleav CnbrroPSlo BeroITZey o 1 acle, tht Itoof ees,o ee sNres and 2Them Viewaedhe dotayes prn.Ctlgeante-premiss; az an ofi tbuhe Hamptodelin-onin-street,Plnt-enieHuehodlntonrle. h teber2 vie 12, by LO)DFUNTE emvd oronet tneo ale ha frJomn Lrowu-ar n eiatngern;cmrsn LmahgayArbin Fenh a ndthehbdstad anDdaskuri turmers,mfethersbds marble-topEdiil washatads, margjnv chsts of drwes TIONce' a,d other Marp,onTetsdlaygchimney 6and drssing lass mubahogalanydsets o-chirl, sOfTAs,cocEs choIDErs, idebeard, chind, gle, Brok-sarent,, kitmhensmta.ndearinas Suleslls,nbidRallhemeld Itoor alfast pony an harn t9 ess. fona Diew.Caalges, had5 at the grooms; rant atnth poducicngoftheauctionfr 7. Deran's-ro Wslwo Fvebrokh. Lambeslrn-CouybnlP, held of th 6 M7,anor ef Rinennql%lngong-Elame, BLrRond.ey. lwaGroudisixtrolucted to S ueLLubyaUiGe bousesantiLogm brs-bitd Wi.l%erlgsq-iIs ; besl anld ufoir an unoxbiedthheld of their,ano r ofdeningio a rnda roduf a MI 1 ls , peranu au.The propertye maayheviewed. P it'uartoB asandDd londstonslofa usalte hdo pressrs. Watson mandSn. FsolIciUtors, Bonverlesireet. eet. the uctineer 7. ean'trow *awrIat;sdo h acIne, ilffB. J W. ARD is instructed to SE LL by AG TION at he Mrt.on WeuessayaOc. Octl. 7FOtUR9 eublathoa and wsll.blltbrlrbD e LNst.lnoUgzeSandbngo, 9r 101 g andwritiAlexnd5-rodBue nchr-rand,othermney lalso fear thr4rek-bui Beronds;als tw wel-usilteecwottge t mi rsdees,Fe.1and 2, Tom lerance Cttagea, irobsvreta.Lneb,uss-ngcepda;r lelad,rlcgunimii privte welinghoue eiando.weCuoing-hta,preta lentronvgeopTher whole prode, uciga eta of £131lIfr, paterannum. Theon ropete Imay be vietwedb prlsino thefetuenat. atcomletranudconditce 'f laleohus0 J ha mpeer,Edayolcio, Lowert alndronlng ofn-leu Lsalogesh atd ahethart;fane ot the auc tioneer,7DensrwWawr. ro Dad,-r R. 1 W.TB WADi nioedt EL yAG substantalan weo-. l COTGIIFIECi,He ,.6 an 8ke, Brok-sroeetrsmrsihcea h alelnsrse,heduo ltse or, anter nof 09P asfomDcme,rod tlwgrornandlarsoduin a7 re(enaof£6pranm Aloivbrkbt Bermwoaey. s t a Gaond Roto i ,apl ene pnnn hous,sin tonglaer an itrsur;tewoehl o asshalef ofreter f32yrsanprdcgarentlOf 5 S.pran fThe popetie mayr eveed atcuasad onditin fsl a the auctioneer, 7. Bean'-o.lawrh .0- s WtrDuc idstrcted atonSL byeaed ON, uponCT thXrmss, Basin, slweay theh Grmeat uselatreet, o ermTnirey, o W hnsay. ct.7,at12 th olwithou ronsev, t lear. 4thonrmis, ,teMCIEYadE CScm wPiinga twelhrs b ortabesemog sadhle,Ingo okn virwdetr, elf-actngs Drewct adoherlt~fahrdesn Gsbblase.s, weighngmacin so1egts2otblrwngcpe irond-pipings, virs, rigr,bls us aiu tol,lag tebro anonI exfchaeg. on viewar oen Tedy h t n onnfsl 7Deao'eror.DUwrNsrod Lot_eae tofi sa B erEpLn rvteHue. .LatIa Therdy. Ocobr1 vauble LES f isBEH le3t on lesetroo35 ptryasd, Nowi n hepiaeHuss o, nand 5,thurch-road,mentsmowe oreia.saest, prdcnTnsMetlo anTio Brewrs4. Walbm alrt. adotes-bolt ae SS SuperiorR Lasehodinestmucen t. ELb &UC BTION wtlla SELL,onait 8G arraray'szstret, 2, on tionur, adToworroducngthe ne rnal of £12 e Os. per year. Farti-loe cuero J.Pnege,Rq, ,Clt-ao omeca.odes k 6 d~~~~~~bisbe cEfO LD B3REWERY stisto in thO vRillag Of Littlebeurno, Rent, three milles Only distant from the city of Canterbury, and within easy. distance 01 the towns of Bandwieh, Deal, Dover, Ramsgate, and Margata, Tels valuable property comprises a brewliouse, COmpact and sub3tantIally built,hav-ing alO-quarterplant, Stted.spwith2o.barreloopper.wtougbt iron wort back, mash tun with mashing and aparstag apparatus and oolers complete, powerful horse-wheel, with machinery for g%Tjdirn, mashing, and pumping, a large tun room with 10 tune, pontoon roonm ited coMPlete, tw ocelias underneath, an old ale cellar in front of building with vats, a cask shed, and counting.houesO, a leaden cistern on roof with water and lquor maistore pum° and the whole of the tixed plant and machinery atiachred, to the rad brewhonzet all that maltbhouse adoinbing thei brewery, substantially bult and strongly timbered, coni taining a kiln-house itted with, wire klun-platea, furnace, maalt store containing stowage for about 400 quarters, with hop-loft over, a large working floor, a recn d working door or throwin Stage, with large barley-bin suported on east. iron pil ngr leaden U rn to wet 20 queares, and couch ad'oining; an lothat cmnaUj dwrellig-house fron3ting the street, an djoin log and communicating with the brewesy; three roomy cottages for labourers thatohed stable for four horses, cart-shed, chaise-bsoo, and other outbuildings, theo whole standing (inclusive of eite of buildingel on about two acres of gardenL and pleasure ground. There are savere wellonthe premises, and the werylaweltstppid byafine spn wrater, which dowsntots tank belonging to thepremires The properly commands a frontage of 120 fret tothe street,and stands well for IOOI trade,$beinginaPpulouandfinebarleygrwigdistrict. Thetenant's ixtures, Occluding a, powerul refigeratr, together with the roling Stork, Implemente, and stock of beer, maybe taken at a valuation on th completion of the purcae,M if required. There Is every facilty On the aboge , ~. 's for brewusgafOrst-rateaxaticle. The artIcletop plied hr the Lt'bome Brewery has bees In good repuite, and the busiess may be very considerably Increased. by say person with energy and ts e command of a mnoderate capitoL Tnneediato possession may, be hd The premises may be viewed on application to M1r. Ga-rdener, at h brewey, and furtheoart1onlar and oonoitionsofile maybe obtand OU ORrt! Messrs. CoDoper estate agents, or to Messs Hns an-I way.soliitomCantess.n;v Moenthly Sale of Picture and Drawings, by Modern Actizte, the crlg'. nality of wbich is guaranteed to the purchasers. 1~R. GEO. ROBINSON's next SALE wil take .LJ place at his Roomos, 21, old Rood-street. on Thursday next, OcO. 1, at I o'clock precisely, and wI llncIude SPTECIALEgS by the uinder. mentioned artitst and others:- Agi eads Law Van HoveI sin Creme Leslie Victors Arrandelmi Day Molten Webb marsell Eeertom l6lbbi Weir "edington~ Homier Pether - Wuiis Bromley Jayne Shadert Williams Brooker Ladeni Bmlesm 1YujzMn3t Le UV1 now be md oIb4 - show shop, Oassags and O0ioaoaxaker'a StWkL-',12 Lag" TESSRS. LESLIE and SON WrnlL 0ffj by AU0- TION, upon the Premises, To-maono-, dept. 30th. at 12. rin a squnce of a, diteOlntlon Of partnlership, thle agreement, withL immediat poissesslon. of the PRltM 185,a £60 X per year, two Jobs, and other etock, comprlsing new aad ecuo. Jed brougharns. park pleastions. sftanbope., dog cart.. new and W~oosd-hand harnmes., l*mp., fiOoocloth, trimmings. Iron Work, varnish anid mroxte effects. Meay bi viewed the day procdils the salp wben a ta,,gnes mips be ha4uMo the premises; anod of the auMO.loneers, 45, arae-t W. The agreemtents maybe seen at .oe office. as above. N,'. 45. )~,'ount-stroee vrsen.r square. ESSES. LMALIE and ~ON will SELL by AUO. 1 IOt , s5 6. SouthL Audley-stoeet on 'Wednesedy, Oct. 28, at 12, the Walable LEASE of the above PIIEU.ISE3. bold for 34 yeam,~ from 29th Septemaber, 1843, at £54 rer aDnnum; past underlet, by a Ieae for which a premium was Riven), for Eeven 14. or 21 veers from 29th Sptember. 2848. at £94 1ts, Der annum. Mray ba viewed by perralesaon of the Cenent, seven days precedint the sale- when partIculars may behad at Miesse. Burgoyne and Milnes, 160, 6xford-street ; and Of the austioneers 45. Margaret-street, W. N o 5, So?! Auolry street. jESSRS. LESLIEtind, SON will SELL by AUC- ixTION, on the Premises. on Wednesday. October 25, at 12. by order of the Executors of the late U!s. RAb'on. the valuable LEASE of the above very e-xtensive PRSMISiAU, commisinlg a commanti-ng oorner show shop, with lung frontees tn Mlount-street and Sowuh Audley-ttreet, larg worksheps warehaisce. and show roorms. counting. house, smaith's shop, cellars, and a oagital dwetllg-hnnme. hold tsr 7. 14, ar2I years from December 25. 1547. at the very lon, rent of £35 ner year. The dwpelting.houre is underlet at £185 peryeer, and the sminl'e' shop at £31 lOs, per year. leAiving in hand amiple premise for a large, trade. May be viewed (the portlo, e underlet by per-Wsson) seven days preceding the sale, wheon pwirtlonrar neas be hall of Meesre. Burgoynea arld Idinez, 180, oxford-street ; and of the auctioneers, 45, Margaretstreet, W. 10. 87. Aou n dley-st,ecot- Co chatory. with b.aokYwate, arg Worahops and Show- Shops. Smithbs Shou, and Dwelling-house, and Ahe valuable Uoodwtil of tshe Tr&de of a Coachmaker. ESSU LELIE nd ON ill SELL by AUC. .LTAION, 25, out Audey.sreet OnWednesday, OztOber 28, at 1, b orer f te Excutrs f te lte Ro bson, the above ex. tensve asi cmmodous ltEMSliS for145ears, at £430) peryear ' andthesalabl godwil c lb log stabl.b arcd hiegbly counseled busnes. My b viwedby ard ons',whih,with full Dartisularm garet-street, W.~act~ner 4, ar Osasmake'i' toc tinlrde And vauables Jo~b Carriges ~JESSS. LSLIEat d SON will SELL by AUGOctoer s7 uon he Pemies,Souith Audley-street, on Wednesday, andfolowig dys,at 12. the valuable JOlt and other CA1ItIAE8,t Meara Bosonard Co.. comprising uuwards at toO new nd econ-had cariaes,of the present style and fashion; alt, thereaond umaufrsurd to k of ash, pannel-hemard, do.. newv hodie ad cariaes. prits.axietreea. wh'el-, ir(n-work1, sMiths' tool an utnsis fo tw fies.capital laths, bolise lamps, handles, warleoss ronwor, clous,Yarnish, and painters' imaterias, cloth, moreco. ace newendecond.haldbharniess. leather. heraldry drawings, countItng-huedss n various other effects. Nfay be viewed two days1roeigth a e. whsntalogues may be had of tbs auctioneers, Early SSle.-ToWeiesl n tes MIJESS-RS. LESLIE and SON WHIl SELL by AUC. .J.TION, at 5 . Mfount-street Park4lane, on Monday, November 2, at Ilprecisely, the eseaoned SPOd'S, tfelloe. do.. of a wbeelwright, Eoreml Eeels of new wheels fint-best and in progress-, also the Tools and Matetrials of a Tyre Smith. including platform, drid moachfine, &q. May be vieweon day preceding the Pale, and ca'slogues had on the prm- mic;a d of the auctioneers. 45, 3Marrsret-stinet I. 8. lznesleleh.ere aI.Se.sae ESR.LESLIE, an U ilSLL by AUCTO21 tthe Mart, opyottle 'be, Sank of England, on Tuesday, November 17, at 12, by ceder of the Executors of the late Mdjss Palhazter, a valuable lurg LE&BSEHOLD RES1DEN4 OH eligibly situate between Euston sad Tavistockc sllna'es, held at a eround rent ot £5 Tier year4d for a tesm G6 rears of which wese unexpired at Midsummmer .au,nsunderlet from Chirtatmas. 1515, to Jacob Msocatta, Eeq., for 141 years at the yearly rent of £120, fdterwnahblo by the lousse at the end of 75 Yeamss. Parilesilare may be had, andi the premises viewed (by permi-ricn of the teniant) seven days grecedlng the sae, of eisesra. flicks and anid Son, Gray's Inn;1 andi of the auictIoneers, 45, ldargarst-streu, W. MESSRS. L.ESLIE and SON will SELL by AUO- TY I EON. a the Mart. on Tuss'aY. Nov. 17. at 12. a convenient LEASEHOLD 12-r' om DWF.LLWNG.BOUSE 'with garden, Uo. ; hold at a, peppercorn rent, for a termn 21 Years of which were unexpired at Lady-day, last, and un,lerlet to Jasti. l'ecll Fsq.. from Lady-day, 1854, at; Ahe yery renta £f5;5 for 21 years 0deteresfnshle by, the lessee at the soid of seenor 14ye,ars,). Mas' e viewed seven dapabeforethe salebty permission of the tenont. and particulars han of Messzrs. Hicks and Bon, Gray's.lntn: and at the auctioneers, 45. Margaret-treet. W, A ronHetof £7 17. per year. anan mro..el -Rentl £15 ~per year, rising! rut of property sstua5ie in t.l,remsint square. MESSU.S. LESLIE and SON will SEILL by AUC- TrPoP, a% the Mart. on Tuesilay. Nov. 17 at 12, a, LgASEIIOLD ESTaTE, comnprlsing Nos. 7, 10, and 11, Claremonts.tiare and other Property; held (at the yearly rent of £1l5 14a.) of the Neir Miser Coin- any for aterm.49 years of which were unexpired a, -Midsummer last. dnese .se follows..-No. 10, ('laremont-square. for the whole term leesa 10 days, at a gerund rent of £7 l7f. per sear: No. IL, Claremont.. square, to Win. Perkins, H-q., from Michaelmas, 1856 at £66 per year, for 14 years (deterin inable by the lessee at the end of seven years); the remainder at peppercorn rents, for terms which w ill leave reversions of ijs'eareandaquarner at a3earresp'ctively. Particular, maybe had, ar,d the premises viewed (by permission of the tenauls) sevesa days ells th`e t'saes, of MetroYs, flcks aind Son, Gray's-inn; and of the anotioneers, 45. b1frga'et-streeb. ElIgible Btsines Pre6m-ises. Hi1gh-tetolr B.J. Y. GIBBS will SELL by AtJTON the Mart ack c-f the Bank TRIS DAY ep.2, t or2 COPYHOLb DWELLING.HOVSJE with drublefotdsoifte with counters, ehelves. and Rlasscases. gas,'o aeyi h sua tien of theownerus.at the assumed rent at f4 a nu.Myb vievwed, and catalosrea had at the fte offic A.e Wler,soi aitar, Church-row. Limebause;athe am an at the anarouer efficos 61 and 83. lIfleh+treet, Popliar. M.JR. J. Y. GI BBS is favoured with ntutost J..Offer for SALE by Public - V('TION. at theNMart, back of the Bank, THIS DAY. Sept. 23. at I for 9. a very substantial briok-built FREEHOLD DWELLING-BI3JSE, with lofty shop. 215, Nigh-street, Poplar, in the occupationi of Wr Peterken. at the low ren-t of £C88 pe annuni. Also a zmall building and lacr'e plot of gprden ground, a valuolefrehol buines pemies.5, ghstreet, Poplar, opposite the hiteHore, ad S nuga bak enrane, let for the unexpired ter O tw yars a £1 pr nnu, lea o al dducios.May be shop. ~ .J. Y. GIFSwl E L by AUCTON, at ..MI the Mart, hack of the Rank THIS DAY, Set.- 19, at 1 ?or 2, a we'l-btltt FREUI-R)LD DWEFLL![NfI-H0oVSl lard-lax redeemed, NSo 1. 1Bwen-strect.Ilromley. let at the low rent of 6a. Gi. per w-eek ; a Freehold Dweilir,r hones, No. 7 Wade-'s-p-lace rent £22 per annum; a very eIligible Freehold earnUer Hiuee, dotug a good business in the besr trad. btngNo.S C'cuta-pa&s Ilet ndla,road, comner of St. T-erar'srnal, rouoig ne reta ul£Sperwienaes. Also avwellbuil CopheldDwelinghous, N 7. n th teth side of Speedingz'srardes, it atSi. pr wek, Al theabov Proertyhas excellent estlanto ldesm.W bard4j. Baser. hoildado ecoaby-ioparg Leasehl Houses, EWrslalsyro. Poplar. MR. J.Y, GTERS will SELL bypblic At.UOTION, £U atthe art,harkof the Rark. THISI AV?, September 29. at I for , TO FH3iRLD 0OUSES 'o 2O and 3, Provicent terrace St.Leoards rad,Brmley ; let at 1d0 per asnuin each house. Alsw. Sixvey speiorbultlong-leased Houses. ISes 181 1 iceU, Susex stree. Popar, Satosh .rodlet at £424eacbh hue em 5yas groud rst 3 ech n,'e. The saroe propehyit el ried n the ntenalarrees toisare completo. Maybheviwdyerlaon and ondtion ha enapplication to Mr.fNempw r oictrHn ninetn-lan, I bth; f Nir. RButle. solicitor.euambldns Grsy'slan; nd atireLrd Nelson, Park-street. rme;ada,h auctoeer'folirso. c 1 a nd 8 3. B igli-ole-et. P oplar. Popir.-Vlsale Feehod asi Lss-old7Be-aIlin-g-houses, GIBB in stgutedby the Eecoutors f Mr.It.0.Smolma, o SLLby AUCTION, at the Mart oposie te Be'h,THI 11M. epsbeT 23. at I for 2. TWO tupecOr LIASEIfLD WELLNa-IOUE, lNcs. 8 and 9, Wade'splac, Pplar prducig areetl o £40perannum;- term 65 yea,rs, groud ret £8 A Feehod fis e,No. 2, ads-phlace; rental £12 per annum. A rey ElvnetFrs'I ouse, No. 18. Bow-l9ane Opposite Popl'ar O.'rh si't~4 ua 5 e annum. Also a Freeold wellng huse,No.ii, oransh-sreecPoplr -let at the misio, ndcodIIos hd n ppirtin o esas 61 and It. I Rakr,solg'or, 2 Cosy-sWind ois Pt VeAlert. Borch,ard-l Bieh.sireet PorortModaynerv ctbe QuarerlySal 01 is,res.Folts, lssica nd 'hframs adph ort .lustr merit, Staed. lassWindos, obect tat nedtu, Boos,Shellvs, Minerals, do.~, pea iawz Eve. ESSRS. ROBIS will SELL by AUCTION, at -LY.. teir toos, Perr.Coentgardn. dnesoday nat October 7 5, a 32.a vaisteof tiCTIag,prin suIntfra es, an ed portfois musial ad oter ioisuente telscops,sained gtd ulasspwindow (ersptual sbjetel Sdnumrousboos, peragoldalses, severa modes, heLs, mcorls.coin, ad avarety oforspetybOs,fn vew on AssembofRnlageofidLtpefnWCAtches, rlecelaGand Jwe Slksr, fand Batng Apatrem'. anNinscel-rane'lsAticles. 1IfSSRS. ROBINiS will SELL by AUCCTION ,at YJ, their BP-oms, Pilzrs,,Cover,t.izarden, on Wedneday. Octobe 9, a pureciouseaWes,ta otinglabndehe OLineS. ptrs,an t atic, usrid plaekv fa telv tabl s2isand eldebeptarel.piableld btdcelsaitaneld and a laniter ndor nlamenlrtaos rl ertms ursrvdsl. On view the day prior.-rtPiraCoe- Wesoth oferhaiagd apeofine Coth,Pec ndleatfuoodescrichtio nd Seatins imotd,Alsparel,tok a ndRIlishllapeseo f f Aricels. es M~JESSRS. ROBI NS will SELL by AUCTION, at .....their B.ooms. Pin zr t-a r Coet.,adn onm W rIday,13 Oct.ber at 12, 12rtetisadslk,apr, Rtablofr a hdbes inen,an au gouantity ofmisellaotnoeou paternsy ifor insorteavedtsae on few theoDraytpior. wt Fgrenhflawerh,andig of a SreLs anrd hesuivzfwul adesceition,lrscuof anmporat ded; tin also a stock offngih aerse of fosionbl daes,igns,ud theiric flokos. ad Cotsment-eparion Wwmlted onesiia priOatobiiers3.a and builders Or view two da;s. crimre, hro catalogues may be haL_ Long-acre Edgewase road, and New-rrp,d.-V&iuabie Le~ssbold East- uess Premises,latey in the occupatilns of John Marks, a Bankrupt. R. BRIAN'T is inta-ructte to SELL by AUG. -ILTION, at Garraway's, Tin-mrrow. September li0, at 12 for 1, lsa lots, by order at the Mortgagees,su lbst the0ncurrenco of the AssisesoofJoha Ma1rks, a hantsupill'. ro'prising a valuable, LE&z;EHOLD lefty BUeTN'ESS P118mISESsitoate and being No. II9, Longacre lately in the o oupatlooa fthe bassrut. bold on lease for an unexpredter of10 ear, a th lo retalof £90 nerannum; also Two Leseh' IBsinea Prmise, wih Dwilnge, situate and being Nos 7 nd 6 (ete541 Bel-eree, Eeew re-rd. lately in the osonPSiln o th banrup. N. 7is hld n iseefir sin unexpired, term of Ssyere,atheowrstalo£sser5nuin No.156 in held on lease for n uexpredtera 013 ear, a th lo retalof £40 6.r.ananum being, NO. 10, Somers Place west, New.road.nwltorlaet respecabl tnan, nd el onlese oran nepired term of 18 ream, at te lo renal o £S peeaunu, Ma bevierced at any timne previou tothe ale Prntedpariculrs edPt (larraway's ; at the GermuShdss,ongocrs mlMessa Wread Child, solicitors Turnwhel-lne.Canon-tret, ite ofMesrs.wilkinson and Steveas, solitine, lchoar-aus Lomardstrec; and a: r. Brianin's auction To.Nrsrysrmen. Floristsa, Gardrenr, and others. ESSRS. SMVITH and TAY'LOR bava beon in- struced by Mr. Somerville to offer for SALr, at the Auction Mart. B.artholomiew-lan1e, on petite the Bank of Entland, To-morrOW, 5ePt. 30, at I5 lit not previously dispoed of hr privo te contract), the valuableIXLIEAEcud GOOD)WILL at the NlUtt S , los and Seed Business, cirried Ort at the Ahbey Nursery, Garlos-oa, jrSt. John's-wood, The grounds. whiri. ass bold for O years at a very low Pound rent. and are about li acr in extent. on which are erected two substantial brick-built ceittages, excellent Seed ph' P and office seven greenhouses in excellent order, a long canges at briote-bullt ptts heaed with hot water, and a quaLtity of frames a two-stall stable, a gauge of sheds for tools Painting, glazing, packiDg, and potting; also, a myrpenier's shop, in short, replete with every convenience for carrying on a first-rate buzioess, and to which theme Is at present attached, The gralunds are thozsnughts drained, and there Is a bountiful supply of water for the requiremeutis of the businces, free of any cost. The Premises ure situate In tli.- best part of St. Jolen's-woad about three minutes' watt from the Eyre Arms, and within an equal distance of the Wellingtn. road and PlrseapPle.place Edgewre-road, and are wholly surrounded by vffli~ gardsn The stock,whicis in selected with great care, m,; De taken bye valuWation, or as; a mm wxhich may be agreed upon As an Investment this Property Is very dseirble, Several offers having been received to rest on leas-e at £20.3 per annum, andIalsotis eel adaptd for bunilding purposes. May be viewed; and particusara had at the Mfart: of Messrs. Owen. Scarf, and Pricker, soil. cdtors. 2, Bockiesbaury o r of the auictli.-ners. 288 Reea t-street. W. Thin Evening lTsesda. Sept. 29, at 6.- Capital Voiurebold Fufrniture, and a quantity of miscllcaneous and Furniabiug Effects, four Gold Watches three Rings. lIrESSRS. W. and P. 0, BONHAM wvil SELL by LU AUCTTION, at their large Rooms, 19. Mfarylebons,street, R6. ABent; Gl Tills EVENINGn (Tuesday) Sr. 9 at8,a AS L-Rof capitol HOUDSEHOLD Ftiiti E;F onsiadsti&ng of mahogany and Iron Arabian and F`Tench beuiteadsl, beds, blanket%, mashs~l~an oter acluand, cest ofdrawers large taesnzy, Bale Wtdan-~ro.it MR. LEREW befsu to notify thi6t the SALE of the WESIDNC&NO H-Inglou-stsce- noth, Hlam e-road, ni ar , atea-od Cu es-Wc~ as ae-The Yral-uabla Thim DsSyckofa imbt scaut PJramLezES wlSLLbAUTIO,o h THIS DAY, at 12t4a~ll~te sr aen deals, and battensi, sr el n atn,ylo n ht el and battens, wide iebad1.0fetmhgnadbrcqutr. ing dye squiLre anlreqatt fdyct ifCaaoesmyb ha on thepr ie,ad0fte utoer adn stead-road,nerteutnStin. as- At the Marlt, onTusaZet t Bdor,d Hetate. MU. LEREW WMl BELL by AUCTION SIX .V.valurable lOngLEASSE(OLD w-Il- buut R tE 2WrEN0 , snort tnieelly situate, and beIng 18, 21 21, 3? 38, and 39. Oakley-squareo. 8. rancroas. hed dlirect under the Bask; ef Bsdford fo 99 years, at moderate ground rents. Particulars may bo had ot D). Hughes, Loq., loudlta,1,orehas.metreet. city; and at the anctloR ollieei, Caansdmtontre,ampetead-road, near the LBuoto Staktion, KA. W At the Masrt,o hrdynx,a 2-lto ru IL LEREw ilSL yACIO,ams do. M dmbl o ARBNGcON, 54fetbP3Qfeet, more or lees, encoed ybikwlsI h ero are.qa held direct fromth uefBeor rtyer,aagomdrt onlyV £2 per aunum ariursmaybead-djgo.te, Hameted.rad,N.W read, N.W.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ga-uet, 4 At te Mat, n Tursdy nxt, t 1, amoat surA walyetd Resiene, wit Coach-house, CtlIng,.adn.dc MRLERREW Wil SELL b AUCTION the well built RECIDENOg, situate soo eing I, Russell-terrame held. direct from tbe Duke of Bedord. Term 92 yearB. Groundzent £12 per annUM.-Aucclion oflices, Cardington-Btret, N.WV. At the Mar, on Thursay next a 12mnon lot, Sa ~well-buIlt Pfivats MR. LEREW ill SELL by AUCTION, 13, 14, 15, MR;17eand19, Werrington-stmet, St. tPancrs, held by separare lease for lons terrms, direct from the Dlake of Bediord,-Auictiotn oflices, Cerdlugton-stseet, N.W. Esate.- MjR. LERWw SELL by AUCTION, in one lot, L ITUR blkuit HOUSES, three with double-frouted ahops, Not 19 10 21 an n, Werrington-strect, Oakley-square; held direct by epaateleae;for long terms.-Auction and estate aRency offloes, Caslngon~tret,Hampetead-road., near the Burton Statton. Anthe art, ou Thursday next, - Vsentlehwwa nDear the Eigirgate Station of the North rondon £Alilway.-Igmell Leaseholds o2 the value of £80pe annum. R. LEItEW will BELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, October 1, At 12, in three lots, TWO wellbauit RESIDEN,CES, desirably, eltuate, Nfos. 7 and S. Circus-road ; also a six-roomed House, No. 4, Gospel Oak-rrve. Cirora-sod- beld for upwards of 9,0 ye%rs at low ground rents.la be view-ed, anal p&rticulars1be.d or G . S~ pencer, lfaq., olicItor, 12, Oray's-ian.aquare; at the MaiUt; and of the sauctoneer, Claslgtegon-atreet, Haanpeteadrroad. N4.LEEW wl ~b AUCTION, at the LLLM~n ThrsdayOct. at 1 thevaluable LEASE of the compct -uilt1IESDhNIE, Oo. ,'flrrlgtou.street north, held phRey,B, L aRtW wni-hm be atL the MArT;Iand of the ic iIPremis-.e,42, Union-street, on Monday, October 19, at it for 12, about 2,000 Y LtOW,W7hite, and Pine ?PL&INR, deals and battens, 6,COO ft. wide-clue board. 150 sonares oft It n 1 In z, and fin. Pre. pared yellow anid ohite 1l0oriag. 5,080 feet ecautling, 0 dooccx 12 pains rashes dry cut stuff, scaffold poles, laddersbharrows, teestles. steps and sfundry useful stoek. Maybeoviewedaon Saturday PrsOr tothesale.Cateogues had onx the premIses ; and of the auctionecr, Cardington-streot Hampstead-road, near the Ruston Station. To P*prrhangers Builders Decorawors and ethers. M .LEUW 'wfil SELL by AlUCTION, on the m ~ ~ ~ UIo-tet Smr-or, on Tuesday. October 20. at 1for . a ell ssoted TOCKof wll-anufacl ureg PAr-ESHANGIGS, o 5,00 pIeer, o eleanclocks satins, dama,sks, chinres,marle, .c. In reatvarety.Haybe viewed the, day prior, andcatloges ed n he emies,andof heauctioneer, Cardlngtou. NaESsRS. D. S. BAKE n SON have received X insirtmucons to SE'LL by AUCTO,a the Mart, on Thursday, October 5 at, 12. a genteel and coforal LE&SEHOLD HOTldlf situateNo. 13, Downing-terrace Conton.rod, lallugo.tn, contiruotu to Canonbury-square, and in the, immediate neighbourhood of thi heel patsteofHiiglsbusrand Canonbury. Itinsinocomplete repair, and let to an excellent tenant, at the low rent of £48 Per annum. Held on toast for aa xitexpired lern e-f nearlyS 90 ears, a; a ground rent of £e5 per annum.~ To be viewed by psvu,teaiou of the-tenant, and partlaluxlisshd l~ dys odor to the Esale of W. B. Tarrant, Ereq.,solicitor, , Bondcourt, Walbrook ;at the Auction Hart -and ofksr, Baker and Son, 101. Upper-street, Isinglon. Cleseuwel,-leslablePreiresfor ersnspngged in the Wa-tob- M SR.D. S. 3AKE and SON wil SELL by AUCIO, at the Mart, on Tusay, Octobsyr 0, at 12. a corn. pact LEASEHOLD ROUaE, with zmall garden In the rear, situate .No. OS pnez,re, St. John-street-rued, well adapted for invertment or occupation, being In the midst of a, populous and nmnufacturing distrct. The preoBmie wil be vacant at Michaelmnas and have beenhihetol a D. per anu. ned directaromte ldirectedob Nothamto Exctors frethole 1rt eeatagoun rEnt ofv A5 erOnu, furth A:red oTurse,daq, sOlcItobr8,at12, FOUedbLion-sqare,ybhurt FAtMthe R ucIoEn Mart; and ofMsrsI. 21, Ba2er end Sa onsda107,Aupestree,Lo SrEbSES.] I). S.l BAt ER and house ar e c todiru ndected b in the Rlizqzetbank stile, With ltlty anxd vell proportIoned rooms, over. locking an extensire Pleasure ground in front, Tbey are all lot to highly respectable tenants, at maoderate renits amountinig to £221 per annual, and held on lease for long unexpired term-P, at ground rents GI £10O per annum. each horse. To 1)0viewed by psrrrlsson of the iemnact& and porticuiLerm had 140 days prior to the sale of It. Nation, JBeq., Bollelsor, 4, OIrcbrard-street, POrtMian-cwqare: at the Auction Mart ; and Of Messrs. D S. Bater dud Son. 107 Unsersotreet, Islington. Superior Frernxite Paort,and Elffects. MESSRBD.S. BAKE n ON will SELL by WO(TION,on~the Prem±,se, , Claremont VilWlas,i,rP (Jaymobury zalington, em Friday, October 9, at 12, tte handsome Saoo wEell-mani2actured HOUSBEHOLiD FURNITI3RE, conttisg of fourpost and Ajrabian bedsteads With damask hangings, canital goose feather beds, mattresses end bedding, several marble-top woahetands anid dressing tables, two aloy winged wardrobes, chests3 of drawers, japanned French be-dreas, and other chambert articles - three sets of mnahogany chairs In leather and heicijroth, moliogary leo and card tables, Bofa, four essy chairs, finely-carved Spanish mahogany sideboard with plate-glass back, library tatle, massive set of dining tablws. rosewood whst-not, large obirmney-PLslas, nciasn china jars, birunz? equestrian figures, chsserme ornaments, china moderrtor lamnp, brilliant toned 6i-octAve cottage Pianoforte by Collard, enecled Pedestal eldeboard, en-all get Of dining tables richly cut glara and gilt china aertloes eausage machine, ksinben utensils, dc. Tu be viewed the dayDereceeding and. morning of sale, whAen ratatotues may be had on the premises and e,f Meessr D. . S.Hater and Son, 107, Upper-street, Islngiou, City Aucto Itos 9 rcerc-tct-ite,W-tehon H U. JO NSONwillSELL as bove,To-nforrow SILVE ~IT HES, oder plat In ugs,cups, forks, spons, &a., costy jeeliry i sigle-inusendemots, riliastrings, nins, studs, M ~R. JOHNSON will S LL, on Thursdaiy, Oct. 1, LYjat 2,8 lrge ASORTMET of ILES,French moerinos. llamas, sMnsRH.,lgn mOHNS rN silk,vELvet ind lthemantles, large onad rom 2rars, ades alor ndetee' supa, Ocoerior aparel2. 40 loegnt French beoks, edishigm tacke,zgus,revolvauerpistl',.andOt,teredecttB. Onuview to-moarrwand mornieg of sale. Catloguneshad atthe rooms. city Auto tOm,0,Gaccuc.tst.Glcn.an untr foronFia,ICcoe 2 atL , o Mondaloi Ocofbuefu thnda.n morningo sale Ca lcuesed antrutheioom.o .YAUT eOH rSO willSL,onMnn October.teuerosdf HOncstinLg Itctag Tn othEr;piaomortes,i ap ssiecgopa dhial,siengtroo cal,t natical, mthemaliml aner d arialnsret, anote effefs. Onlir vibew b he dbaytopreiousy anvdmong ofbal.Can glaucez bed a h rooms.riue treOne r ~ n ?,fta tol.an eSets . Frter Pr ticul-aodrs Furiure. OU eHOLch PaRNtlhlEWg compriiga lsntadcmlt MR. EDWIN WHITE will SL yACIN uznder a Power of Sale, without rewrve. , bim lon,12 Bishops-gae-street without. To-morrow, Sept, 30. at tfrIpeiey a CONSSGNMENT of FRENCEH PAP RHANOLSI -cnsstngO about 2,100 pisces of the inert elegant descriotn utbe o is n second class honors and inluCting acme batfldcrtos.The whole wLil be on view the day prior arnd Gouu fsl,We ata.- loguer mlay be hod. EarlyFa Das-husa nst aton-squarc.-HUnhjld Frne,v Chimter-gleesesIngl frame, plate 64 by 00, elegant Or-moulu Chandetiera, Spanrab mahogany Dining-Room FUrnitUre, Ho, MIR. WHITE (having sold the lease) is directed to BL. ELL by AUCTION7N, on the Premnises, 31, Eatoni-squr,n Thursday next, Oct. 1, at 12, the surPlus FURNIT'URE of this root. deuce - comprisi, ngmhogany four-post and other bedsteads, excellent bedding, capital rsewe conuch, centre tab!e, set of 1t Spanish urahogany dining-room chaIrs, leather scale, dinner waggon, extenditg dining tables a6 variety of useful domaestic items., dc. On visa- We.'dnesday next. Catalogues Of the auctioneer, 1, Halkin-strect, Hyde. park-corner, S,W. Toprvt aiisHoekers and othems spoons an forks. Vewed the ay rirr nd monn oft sl.Cata'road, St. John's-wood.1,)VelIntf1 Modemn HouseholC Fasniture. Two Pianofortes and HObots. ESSUS. W. KING and Co. will SELLi bY AU0- M ATIO'N, at the Aniction Rooms, 410, Oxfor,t-street. on Thursday, October 1, and following dar, the elegant and monern IOUSESiOLl) I5URIOITUR-£ of TWO VILLA. RESIDENOIt8, remnoredfrom S.. John 5-0Oo for convenience Of sale, a sale no0t Peing allowed upoon the Premises; comprisling a double drawirg room suite in rosewood and wralnut, elegant chimnney and console glasses, iu carved and gilt frame;. two full-compass cottage pIanofortes, with all the Modem improvements, Dreslen snd china ernaments, br.onzD IO, aninsan%n s ving h os room suites in mabosany, comprising extending dining tables, hanidsome pedestal sideboard, obeffociers library tables chars,twoew chirs lrgeBru'si.vlve.pi.a-nd. other corpts ; the usual chamber furituseQdiner desr,and e tenal servies, kteheg and mises, held at a ground rent, bounded by the "e wall, in the couopa. tSea of the London and Penzanoe Serpentine Company, Also the valuable Plant and Machinory, the Stock in Trade, and thei Lewesi Of six Qunarries. 1II~s BOYBS has been tinstructed by the Officlol M Liqudator (appointed by the COurt Of Chancery is wind up the above oompanral to SELL by7 AUCTION, at Garrmwayb9 Coffee,Ihouse Change-aley Oombill on Wednesday, ttus 21st of October. Olnstead of the 30tbh ent.. as revioudy advertised, at 12 o'clock. the ,br aubePIIOPERT. The premiesw are extensive, have been built with stnenoduring the last four Years In the moess complete and substantial )XIaOnnr at A cost of severa thOusand puds, and contain noble showr room, factory, masone' and tusrness =aa paolis tu egine and eireM rooms, smithy, boiler-house, large shed yamd "c I os dirable Pl.t of Butilding Land, having a firontage of 400 feet. The Machinery, in Of the heat description and in exreeient working condition, ana wfi be sold with the lease it onsists of twro highPressure tieaun-engines, U1 Turning lsthes, expondvte sawing frmes, &o. he usease oftheleas and plant Wil have the option of taklini the toc ofaBrentnestone anud Stcitian marble, consisting thie cteypewat Penranoo and London, or eithe!r, at a fair vaucon h To a 3nyasydesirus of emobarkiug In this business a mnost deehable =~Portuniltvi berebw offered, but the premises from their extent an ssile adtuatiom, and from their posseesing every mcdorh l1w. Pmeovrent, offer unUsua advantages for many otbes manufacturing purpses A lanandelevation may be seen at the auotieonrus offies, he po plnt,and stock may be viewed on applicaton to M. ~abury~~a ea.Particuar maw be had tese; of Meses, ilutonandA ,lldor, b-sliest. Southwairk: of ~~~ li~~~quidator, hl-tetIat the Plmuhand 1'raro; at O.erwayo. ;Am4 PA Us Rtoche, Cornwall.-Fr,eehm Zataes, eumpising 19 iae, ot "bu-m enclosed Lands, wtO(hi1 With Il-ittirs of extenalv CommOns a4 Waste lAndst, In t I r Sofbos , fib, terih xinecal d )IgWQD B0lMtn, Tr=~, buid lit, AuxeIM Sfhe oftbinoted1.g. £ tper anum ; tgether with EoaltI asIng fron the Kllji Treath Iron 'b(ne, Dowrn-park Oa ok n WV4tUQ_ J, h's Cla WorMB. ~ LO PliN OK ndGALSWORTEHy %a Itte r0mwallon ThnirsdP; Pay, toC 29, at 2 fonrd 3D-at Tc ht im HOLD kgTAT8e stbruatgh thfte O Uts D of, In the mr gt tbe rih rroeastldltctbetween Bodmtin,T=own,ad o t. Austeli, .w Stlftin Of %bout 295 acres of excellent land., gndnrs.d with TveAoab COIna clay, lon Winm es,d otber minerals, anId ,sry eXte1,1s oDu mnoot And waste lands tberoto attached, oomnprtstng lII-lathe of Cortal unennlneed lands Itn the parish of Roche, with exten~siv bidni CUB works thereon. ThIs poperly will be offered in tile followIn .e vi t al Btihoaem And the MmO wih fano-houst an0052 0u' building$, Partly new, the Gliley, field andi part of the Gliey, oou. tatming together 57i aiea,with~ the extensive common and waste bet longing totho m2 eaonlease for 7 oe 14iesn from l5I at thoelow sent ot £28nersannum. Lot2. The GIteGrietMill, working two paI of stones. wlth.tsmpng mill attihewhich have reoeatundergone extensive lsepale, towe$tber wih m -Dbose and out- d lt ant 27a. Or. 39p. of wood trod, let On lease for 7 r lHea(mmocats a) Iho low rent of £30 Der sanumn. Lot& 13. gher Unl= eSh co sllo two dwellings end t acres Of land, let oo as for thre L g resiectively 70. 66. end 46, at mme nomina rentsand of the ettinate2l vslue of £1 Dtpe annum;. also L-ower Colerath, oIglngbot acres of excellent land, with good stone.bnif farm-ho ns ab ootte and another dwelllng.hour. bern), stable, "e le-nSar o WW l,e agnd 47 end 41 at norwtsu1 reutg and oWthe estima vale of £40 PM anunu; also killer2mth, .ofaping34rL l l bwith cottae. tft hone, &and buildings, let on Gea for two les, at'ged 88 and 3 i, at nom8 oal rents, andt of the ernmatse value of £50 Vsp. annum; aDd the vaDiu able Mlineralsn ndelrYi g tbe smeinclodn,g the Kllty200h onMMeu% the Down-pak Clay Works, tco. oielding constdermble royalties. LotA leven-Stlxeereths of Etllerroath Downsa and Dtes arising firom Litte Jhn' Ca Woks.whih ae lkel tobe Tesy valuable, thera beingsgreatdemandfor cinacy.ayh tiews Isallo, exoe 11ag E:xtenive Sle otBtdidng 3fte.h tevarious rELLIS, isa d prtilawth w lbe SbtEIe o es,srs. Miondy oer en 5C , sotletors. Teu Cay.; of 12eschs TAtiDat °upton and Co., solcitors, Aust h ebinfriars, ondon of serto tR e vrth1 andlonean anda agents, 200 ts tbelt thtodvsdD Olere$ L^atDg a ,VetU6f,U lamUUi t adorhlars, on thueborders This Hfaeeru.of rhol a rf0 acre, In aisngwlecin th NEr edwarids o IAngunothreus froum Onalebton whvery expiibe ent mLad iny-d iat ahuch iDeOrCaedK and roent,T * wbillaft cElt] t, eattONd, ot thue aren Deasgo Oot7e. ranereton - Ocee La E S for 3EE pecisly, the BR capIta Sl1~ONLdF ,VeI oft. Iaugtytbed Bonly three eaeet from bstetrigarker To-m of eighten, ons;D itaInIn ISSa Ser. 4. 1ey°XetOllen arable asd peetot lan1d, with esrera god wat,,erD ue' adwel, landcom recently VErs. rioedShepwlk owben brooght4M IntoR ultatnd ON wilten sben l e xce et. o s, wuel I i ll matD> ee t ac,rableelad oandosyl Estritto. 'Te esage Isom ofr~gtmir, wt gec fSand rserves, u t ahted bose and fsi rmsp doa4 are sad In eg Ihelered mbale, Land. thnr ais au lreern vandahs Oa good sU;e lutge ton th e upper ar,h farm Iofhg Irepmodera lsa. anumRo S. eRIrE Gan LaWRTHY when dIt r by %_ CTO tODmpttmwt the oPcrems> of thwe Mortaee o csarhe8m atoruhinsreastbedr rntal, and 2he n peolsly, b3rintoM cultivatn Os HOiLDAeD, tofprodue mat vleast le £500 r annum.T numerousz raiol. 2asn prlejeod throu the craol n of w cathe O ri e e pou wr e Trtetd, r andatoi, clarswi atfiae, obtanedof Me s.erd Claor,4, Chnee ASrms Fsr Sturai8ehiGrnd the D Boino Am Poseaselgn; sode o.C zDdePlaedWr, Chmc n alesrrhy Gaus,tIeoneer e>snd lau agents,IS Sirefteg oreLreominstieetheran LufofwPeseanad aboutn Iad mcupienfOm acenitra?rel pOsItion hewen teaexacelln macr s tonsofKige. tghe P RICon,en omnt.e outlyin porinst of thoeOnibe EStewbury, ebacngs Horeford thewryet a eaudomwlnd sontmhs ft u1 fore ss, rad ble Landtb , eo lnta nie tog eiteraOcut acrn,ard le at lo- rentrivto highlyan vrespctbl fotenanrstr. lt abefrtmgr tioInand O rOgK p trout and graiftl fand alsooaed rdie red.b workbly proprcivetor,aitlte lonc.rbencg oftk thebrtaee, toe odorhe low Lire-w and and bea 2l b2r, at2 f tor wrralm,nrtierons being yrwe tHOL LAND off 1etheg motu valuabledea ito otta ndm prblyg adaptedf 2scremmof then putposns portwion o therCmb hgrestat iny fbe obainsed. i'eteg toLorlite ndLd 1w n abot iv mile fro Nth Fem brvie byis ofthea ot tge tonadLeemirlter hrednc withi ploew,obtiynd ofHeror RaiClway,oandemboroaing some of thewrtghesol edorv, iow16nare, n t the Gunty d rece f Cr ner aDnu mers tbe rxierd Arma, andarou; s etlRngtamdnlo availabltefor; andct tn InD abffonrdi and g bwot capital rutaondr s lald some y2. oerkal pr.ductive iBe cland,being wi hincre mIeis ofe Nash im se-wrs and all leing near, TIngSe. Borne portions. bein coerad theownes aut2eeteigu wled insttolueadmirabf l aRIaKS fow 'y eromoato phseu3rposeFas for hich e-lry hih rnsmy he obaine, at8to NBe's EWharo, L2tn, Woplan;_StateGes eag obe seenoaotnlb weroe.sCn and Gtithe wo rfthy, o aucrtioneers carkd land agcet,bea beseut-bffOotreetaebytdterlo-lae,t London S.W. e-tbc:^ Ej . ELLIS isdrce onid nhsEb mg £V. Sal, t lslillras Whdarf Il DA thdsdiO"et 9thbl int. ocvoa vaees,abut 000 ert N WCAtr~1iRE BBtCEo now lyein atSt3.^e hride' Whrf.30 WOrwosrsadwnhppIng nampl9aes can tbe tSmee at th,aa wharves an atee "ofesotheuctonerMr k oaUeOcam MESSB,S OxEnXESmiPthierld. .111 at te avbovze Whatrf, THI DAY,t¢O thzmbe 5th of S heptme at 12r, 12 tons of kentledge, Si ofde gron, ne c of Path. *^nage o1 bolta, aquattity o unc as indos n atns ae oSks of preservedovIo and cOloae. u rds of 2bd 0! mats, 1s tagstOfo cs e aM bed te preceding and morningo ae aaowshda h hr,aco Mr. Ellis, Mack-lan chmes ltxtenseteSaeofBiig aeras RF ELLIS Lt dte t D hlL by AUeCTION. LVI. ot Monday, be end followig day, at 12 each day, hi, to's, to be tairen dow bytepucaes,teato being clenrtot fn ew houses,the btATHt,&t orTRE UGRHOUSES, of elghit etoDres each, and- tao Dwllk nL.brheset Johrizcn'e.coturt, end Rupert-street,Gomasfnd;oepalguwrso80,5 stock bricks. SO aquarsoelts40suesftIng70 a nae 4 flooring 0a3d jinlts, 0 idr,adurgt, ag uniyo -ni iron ties, 50 to 15 feetlnts idr,pae,edbls ahfae tinge of two dsllnd- frmstwocae nxoringe of eale. Ctaoge ba ofDCbet,Eq,acict5. Veiebhurch.strset; anofr.ilsMakaech br. a brilian andenaml brcele, di ameof Ostud, gl hisn te ?IjI SSRS DEBE.N AId, STORR n O I! Lit EL,at teirROOMS, Ricng-streetCoetgrn,T-r. sow,rhotlhuct atII.a great varletyor IC iOS ncoh beas i, dastn,sils,velvtsein.seriles, eo,lnn n sul eamric, anle' ndgentlemen's appae,lc ate,vis n E SSELS-at t h TR,adSON Will M SELT,, Bom, Kngsttht Cven-gr on. nThurda the lEt Oct.. ati, IIt. ndGnv OOR n WATCHS dials, timepieces, plate rils ivrson,frs and water,gola chaiun ,diamond tingeadpn,edahrvlals nve h dalt in Ite Themes Dean.a airp.Bms rr.-emornN. ESR.PRIE n CAR illSELL by M ACIN. ontePeie,Bres-common,n near the Sta. for tho DRAWINGs us DIIGaO,i walnuttree end 8~aIl rahbogany, capital be chme pedgs rint,chn and lase dome tic requisItes, admselnoo tn e be viewed tho Saturday prior to the rae n aaousotie lIescre, By and2 Cartwrighit, eolicitoro, Ltby;ado es.Frce and Clark, 48, 0hancery4lane. county reioncmfr oPlateeofrae cc R PIEad L,~ wEIl SELiL by A C&TOTION. atthi om,oFrdy October 2. aLt ti for 12 prEcisely, excellent roeodad antte DRAWVING RO(X4 8U ITES, noble glasss erynwArire and Brussels ssrpeta. l3pw irh mabogan) exierigdnn als 7-feet pedesta sideboard. cheffonierm, cairs In st,sychiesoa,end conches, srabsoganv, birch. and Iron hbcdriad cptlhrea mattrercer. feather beeb end bedding, marble-t p ahsad,tiet tables and glareas, and mirfceilas coos items. Ma eviedo Thursday, and cataloguca or lamned at the looms, 45.Cancer-ae, RjESsR.S. OXEN HA will SELLby AUCTION; LV.at their loors, 593. Oxford-street, nkear the Pauthton), on Tues. dao Oct.6,atl1for 2p'uncisualilunlessaen aceptablee-fferbe presioualp ofseer.ypsivat onract, thne 1,liAsBo Iwish IcrediaeUmemon hni witharmyentard totelcomfort ando bonven doennceofa largce fain-ly, or tntherme orsabouth1 e ausioat the w groundhentofIt5w pbr deonnm. a onat thediralsomat Mes3s Oxfnhrd-streot.ces,ar15, Oxasd-stren,,oea Auimneaemlg fcapital second-had FuRIUE nld rawngture,teoom,nenm sof ceesi pristts Rf Idininces, Piaororts,and numeromousdefulsiand tane ,inofeTtas bythebellets; also abOit70dozn l-daee Wmisne, loin poIathe celar onathers bdtandcnPs andebodla whencedI w beudeplive red. cbiI ESglts. OXENRtual itei In LL byecs soteelAr RcToN, wIne,at the0ozir lOnaat593,Oxfmrdstret,nea Pthey-lawntheoe,inra room andeleredt choiurs,soas,rcouches,er f chairs, 10.ariwd,tnna sa pinsr,and msets g of d WeIn tabes,wincedtasendaotherti eommodes, side brdc,tabookcases,suite fofwa curtans aplcarpts,gan,caien ndc poet, ~~and reodaybeseasande edir ine ndpan ad robes,thessf draerss, wanh-Monds. Otobetrtables and gfor os & h TCK chn,gest rnmna tss andEBAERn EU effct; L ThELE mA,iac f c gI win, boru evt IGa doen, loing bar te, amansilon, PuneylThe-fe thereil cwill be 3debovefed othemprcas8er,Thft efrniue, mali bf eatheeds the. day pi ifr aidimorcngofh esloe, thedswinedtaumed atuthe tie of ale,aso of'ralcge. hnd.o fAaorws ardead o ppiationsr.Oxhasofes 5 95,xooog-street, nearthePntheon.crtst,noofaUneak and Funroera Reath ferman.um 1JESSRS. oxENIMwilSLL by AUOTIOIT .111atontheiPremss onR onny Oobr th12 fornthe DS nTOCine asy,bOobrse6el, a stfo a hbye hmm r clohs,of.thekfecatorer. cofrieShor se fethrse set o foro here, alidmfethr, an n,;otcefwbofultse. cloth',tr glve, aua.e umros seu efets; cla thlaopan b tie vi xtures bYss beveedleaurtad onn Ooaud-ri"lrs,nar Othe Paten .brh anyspoeRno~pranm To the Boot nd So Tae Saemen and Sisippems MUR. SAML. JOHNsON wiU SELL by publia LYIAUOTIOX, athnom,13Aleaaesee.nWdnsy BOOtS and Sl andtOESO S dg t tion or a genuine and extenrivo stock of goods, oaDsgned for sal itihout is. eeev;cao chant 103 lola of boo fronts ca sklcs,car0,ano Other articles. RTehold HEstate produing £1S5 its e.r t nue. TomRr JOeN eMb DEAN will Sp E ,i ay the Mart, ,LIiTHR S Dof at 2 n onllt,FhEtixroomodehd PWELiDyliep ouStES arid OOtNabl R SI chlo?t 1 tog, E l6p y-pla Ag , Sr - ford, Particulars a.: the Miart;: and of the andllonecc. Ham-tans5 Itratferd. B. _ To FviamIeS Furnshing and otaes.-e o-o MiacR, THOM,AS HToMertr G is irustrscdd to SO Kltb Ii. by AUC)TION, at hIns Rooms, S, Figil-tR.e Lrda te-lI, To-morw, wepteo er of t t 12 for f poritly the gesnInFR h'IToRa onf an eisht-roomoed house; nof someg boesean., woaecouches, tables, chairs, two planofrtols, chiuep61es,a ^nil ohe mosner, beds, mattresses, toilet sets, itchen uwtesil, red ata effeclas. On view thim day. ond CaaWlogues had. noes.-sWithout rea .-In consequenceo0 a Ditlonof Pat AetLbe LOne d roperty.-At the London Com merclni raleo &y 7.tiessig-lane, Tower-stress, on Tusday, the 16th Oclober, TPHE wshole of thc sStock of fizJtC]6i WmeS~ in boni,' of anold.eetiabished honroe,consisting of some of the inest ins of tbs west approved shippers. and willbe sold without seec l.nhw G tlcnlar d o e ti m e byyJohn W ild. a n cd BODS1 , 7 . Mitn'F5P At the London Comlmerciat Sale Booms Wincing-lane, on Thnssd's Vctober 1, atli2 o el rrEHE following Wines zni Spirit, -104 Dpp4 X 14 hhds. 17 qr.-ohk. Port; 128 butte 132 hhd Si -k er 0 butte S hhd& Ean 1s4 IndittO - 16 DIpeos 17 bhd&. Maneu;4 * pipge. hhds. 40 qr.-cks Spanish lied tFrenc 4 h Fench Fort, Amo' . tIllado, Mani lla, , aseirA Paarctte, Wrhhd2Es. 10ada Chmpge, Cla7t sar li n ogM ar;4 still flock, ho3eU, Santerue, White atermttage, Burgundy. tle- dore3n Port in bottle duKty paId;* 40 dozen East India itadera i -oui dut pild. Ctal- ogues and partiulgas of Jamesl Q. Wino, beoker, Mark-lane, F.,C._
