DEATHS. Oa the 3d Inat, at her reddenoe, 13 Jame3^st:eet, Bucktngha-pte. L do. atheritne Robertal, wife ol M.wbarsy orris. Esq., barriater of the Inner Temple, anl aeoond daugbter ot Samuuel Ja*ckso Dallas, Ze.. of Jamnaioa, In tho 33d year of her age. In the aecau3lt on DelhL. Lieuten ant Alexander Muarray, 42a Ben gal David Rodney Muray rector of EBrGamyton °Brian aged 11. He thad juat recovered frtom tDhe awon°dI whicrh oh e receirel hetore Delhi In the On the 6th Oct., at Via lieggla,n Tuscany, In her 73d sear.Emly, the laetrurverng daughter of the lat,eJohn trorcter, Sq., of Bordeaux. On the 7th Ocl., at Oaxhaven, In Germany, of cholera. Elizabeth, the wife or Karl Elartmann. 3,. a and on the 17th Ot.. at the same plane, of typhus fever, Karl Hartmann Els., late of 122, Oamoridge-.reev, Pim ilco. On te ht Oc., t Newton Abbott, Trederlun, Irlch, aged 64, wlfe o' the late iiamrl q., of Amerlas, and yoLuugeet datughter o: the late Dr. Spilebary, of 15, Saho-equaro. On the 22d October, at2o. re de Moutaigne, Paris, Anne Lone. born Shanahan. aged 67, the beloved wife of Major Andrew Long, deply regretted by hium, her family, and friends. On the 28th October, at Eastwell litU, etreatehlre, the ceeldence of bla brother, the Rev. Nathan Hubberaty, MLA., Henry Hubberety, Esq., late of Hlle, aged 43. On the, 28th October. at the rosldenre of her father, Charles Newbon, Req., of Grosvenor-park. Camberwell, ini the 24thL yeAr of her age. Henrietta, the wife of Mr. William Turner, of Camberwell Newrroal. On the 29th Oct. atExeter,ir. Mm roaceei -iomtce. eldest daughter of the late Cbanoeelor Nutcombe canon of the OathedXat Of thAt City, in her lId year, withL facultIes un~lmpalrrd. On the 29th Oct. at Roystone House. In lis 90th year, John White, Reaq D.L and J.d. for the oounty of Derou, aind late Captain in tie 4th tragoon Guards. On Friday, the 30Eh Oct, iat the reseideteo of her dlater, Denham Lodge, Bucks, Miss Harret Elizabeth De litendev. Ona thLe 30th Oct., at Stratfocd-upon-AvYou, afteor a few dayse Illuese In the 10th y of her age, Roos Georgina, the Eecond daughter of the Rev. EL V. Beriven. On the 31et Oc. at the Vicarage, aseat Ohiahall, ecex, Annabella, wife of the Rev. Henry Elopburn ueutle. On the Hat Oct.. at Bocking. in Resx, Mr. Joseph Balfour, formerly cf BaighahU street London, in the 87th year of his age. On Saturday, ahe 3hat Oot., of disease of the heart. Frau9ola Tb6o. dore lRoehard. &sq., at his residence, 3S Blomfield Villas, Baepherds. heck. aged 53. On the let lnst., la London, aged 61, the Rev. John Price Jones, MA., of Elm-green, in the o unty of W ts. On the lat lout., at his resldenre, lwl Qutotreet, Graye'-6nn3road Ur. Chayles Cooke, of 12, Ocay'e-lnu-squarxe, e,lcitor. aged 63. On the lot est., at the reeldenoe.of G.1. 8 HEinrhltff, Esq., Acton, Middlesex Precills, the belored wife of Edward Beipzohy, Zeq., of Canada 'ot,A North America, In the 40th year of her age. On Sunday. the lot int., at lulham Cottage, Fulbam, Mr. R. R. WOod aged 77, reeldent In the parish during the lsmt 40 ewse, and a ronatriotorto the wanto and nec$esetlec ot thepoor and allIndistressed re'umatanoee. On the let inst., at his residence, Iadloy, Mlddleaex, aged 70, Mr. Joreph Leather. On the Iat laut., at Moor-green Moceey. in her 718 year, MIss Sarahi Tayler lst esurviving daughter of the late Joihn Taylor, Req., of Mose, ley Hall. On the 2d iout.. In London, the Rev. John Mainwarlng, rector of Geldewtone, Norfolk, In hs Olrt year. On he 2d ttea, at PEdnburgh, Ni,ola, relit of the late Robert Benu stead Wrigt,Lt of Keusworth, J amaIca. On the 2d inst.. at Rucela. row, Milk-etreet, Chepapide, Mary Ann, widow of the late Tbe WAtta, EAsq. of tter same place, in the 69th peerof her age. On the 18 Inst, at CAmbrIdge, William George Heathoote, seoond son ef J. IX Heathoote, Req., of Oonnlngton Castle, t3ttlton, Huntot aged 21.
IRELAND. T CHA,CELLOR AND THE ORANaGNT (FROM OUR 02i OORSPO2PNDlqTA DUBLIN. TtTIr-qnAV nAw,V hie meetmg to be held to-day at the Rotnnecad will be composed exclusively of the Grand Maiters of the several Lodges throughout the kdngdom, the Earl of Enniskillen probably, as supreme hesad oE the Irish Orangemen, prediding. It is almost superfluouB to meution that the proceedings, as usMu4 will be conducted with the stretest privacy? and the result of the deliberations-a gratid manfesto, of course-will scarcely be known before the closrig days of the week. A committee of three or four will, in all likelihood, be appointed to-day, to whom will be delegated the task of drawing up the address, which must necessarily be in a great measure devoted to a condemnation of Chancellor Brady's letter; with it may be some remarks upon the present peculiar position of the Irish Derbyite party. A meeting of the Grand Lodge of the county of Antrim afforded Lord Dungannon, its Grand! Master, an opportunity of giVing full vent to his feehDgs with regard to the letter of the Chancellor. His Lordsbip concluded a speech which occupies several columnns of a local journal in thee terms "1 Now, then, let him ask 'W hat have been the antici,. pations of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Carlisle in the step which, in theirdisdom, they thought proper to adopt ? Did they Imagine that men of churter and high positlon-men, like hinself, who were placed by Providence In stations in which they might act as examples to those under them in another sphere of life-did they imagine that they would prove traitors to thoso principles which they had always professed and strenuously maintained t Did they flatter themselves that in a moment of indlg. nation and excitement they would reslgn the oommissioso of the peace, and thus, as It were, tacitly admit to the world. that their connexion with the societv rendered them unfik for the magisterial office ? Would they expect them thus indireetly to aid, abet, and sanction the lnjustioe thus inflicted 7 It was not necessary for him to speak to such a body of men as were present about the impropriety of showing disrespect for the powers that be; but they should, with as little delay as possible, represent their grievances to the Crown through Her Majest's, Ministers. It was, no doubt, in the power of the Go. vernment to supersede him or any other Orange magi. trate If they thought fit; but he rather thought that the public of the united kingdom would require some stronger cause for so extreme an act than his connexion with the Orange Institution. (Continued applause.) They must be prepared to prove that, by some overt act which he haf committed, he wVM unworthy of the position. He had noanticipations that anything like that would be attempted (Cheers) Now, having commented upon what had occurred to him respecting the conduct on the part of tae Executive of this comtry, he desired to address to them a few words of earnest advice as regarded theirposition attbli exciting crisis. No matter howgreat might bethe obloquy which was attempted to becastupon them, theynever would, he was convinced, desert those prindples (applause) which hae conferred such honour on their institution, never forge, that loyalty that was due to their Queen, or respect for the laws of their country. Let nothing provoke them to utter one single expression bordering on disaffection or irritability. Thus they would attain to greater strength and influence, and they would prosper abundantly under the Divine blessing. But, whUie they placed their reliance co God, they must not leave all to Him; they mnst do all they could themselves. Be firm and unitedtpet their feeling b3 known in both Houses of Parliament. They should call on their county members to support their cause in Parliament Let them claim their rights as free-born British subjects, anfl insist on protection from the assaults that were made upon them. They ahould protest against the insult and injury that had been inflicted upon them by the recent ukase, or whatevor it might be called, of the Lord Chancellor, Had they conspired against the Throne and the existing order oE things-had they aided and abetted the cause of sedition and revolution-a more marked stigma, a greater obloquy. could not have been imposed-a more flagrant outrage could not have been offered than that which was brought to bear on them. A special meeting, In Dablin, had beea callod by Lord Enniskillen on Tuesday ne xt, November &S He should feel It his duty to attend that meeting, and they should consult as to what course it would be mce desirable to adopt. Three courses were open to therm. -to petition the two Houses of Parliament; to appeal to tho Prime Minister; and to lay their representa. tions at the foot of the Throne. He could not but believe that when the whole case becamo known throughout the country It would do a great deal in their behalf. ('H ear, hear,' and cheers.) They were no doubt very distasteful to the Roman Catholic body-that body which the Execu., tive at the present time so much delighted to sustain. But that blow which appeared to be aimed at the Orangemen directly was really directed at the Protestants of the country generally, and the ultimate result woul4 be that the Protestants would bo driven from thei positions, and nothing more or lees than the Roma= hierarchy installed in their place. It behoved all Protestants to see that their interests were interwoov. n with those of the Orange Institution. (Hear.) He had joined the body when it might be said to have been at a dlscount, and he did so on the conviction that it was the dutr of every Irish Protestant landowner to support It. (Hear.J That these ill-judged proceedings on the part of the Govern. ment would ultimately turn out for the advantsge of the institution must be clear to every person. Ho had reason to know that a very streong feeling existed with regard to the matter abroad. He was told by a member of Parliament'I never was an Orangeman, butso ontrageous do I consider these proceedings that I, for ono, will join the institutioW.' (Loud cheers.) Therefore, looking at all those dream. stances, he thought that what was intended for their de, struction would turn out for their increased prosperity." TEE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols 89g i; Ditto, for account (1oth of November), 893 i; vitto, for new account (8th oE December), 89.=; STew Three per Cent. Stock, 89j ~; Ditto, for account (10th of November),89i; Ditto, fto newv account (8th of December, S91 * ;~ank Stocle, 232^; National Bank of Ireland (25i, pald), 35@,
TO THE EDITOB OF THEETIME& Sir,-In a letter from "A IIertfordshire Incumbent," which I have just read in your paper of this day, the wrHter supposes that " the portions of Scripture which attract &. Western European the most are nlot those with which thu Oriental mlnd will be most prone to sympathize." ,,H adds,-" Present tho volume to the proud Rajpoot or fierea Mahomedan Ps a free field to pasture in and they are much more likely to find food suited to their palate in the narrative of the conquest of Canaan or the destruction of thn worshippors of Baal than in the words of Him who rebukea his disciples for desiring to call down fire on those who re. fused to receive Him." The " Oriental mind" in British India and the action oE Governmont schools are not to be judged through " th, proud Rajpoot or fierce Mahomedan." The " mild Hjndoo' (whatever may bo thought of the opithet, for which I an. not responsiblo) represents the type of Orientalism with; which education deals at present; and I am able to say, from the experience of several years, that tho part of scrip. ture that affords most interest to the mind of the no,. mUitary Hlndoo is the Now Testament. The miracle3 parables, and teaching of our Lord, and the doctrin. and arguments of the Epistles, are full of interest for intellgent ITndoo youths, and the readiness with which they learn and analyze them would astonish loon correspondent, as it has often astonished myself and other. who have examined a class of such students in the Bibsl'I will not say I have heard with feelings of pleasure nmmlxodj with pain the proofsof ChHrstian knowlodge given bythose whca didnot profess any wish to embrace Christianity, andwhhos9 acuteness was stimulated, as it was in some instances, by thEu wish to refute its doctrines and expose its fanded weak. neses But this is a condition incidental to the teaching oE the truth to its adversaries, and no practical man -would be, deterred by sueh a consideration from putting the Bible, with good instruction, before Hindoos or Mahomedans. A thoightful Hindoo lad of about 19 was overheard at; home saying as part of his usual devotions the Lord's Prayer, and his friends taucnted him with being a Christian u He answered that he. was not a Christian, and had no wishi to be one, but ho had learnt that prayer at school, and he had never heard or conceived a language that expressed his wants or feelings so well, and he should continue to use it. I never heard that that boy, in whom I was much inter ested, becamo a Christian; but nobody can faUl to be grti. fxed by such testimony, borne by an "Oriental mind,n ta the excellence of our most revered and cherlshed form ot; prayer. This aneodote and the truth of what I have said are welF known to your able oorrespondent hIr, Thomas, with whonx and others I worked for about seven years in the directiom of the school from which my experience is chiefly derivd. It waM established at Madras for the purPose of determining whether the respectable nativos rouldraosive the Scriptures As anintegral part of a good English educatlon in seh"lso not aiming directly at their conversion. I may add, that in that school, during the period I have3 Mentioned, there was an average of about 65 scholaxs. among whom I can only remember one 31ahomedan, and be was too dull to learn anything. - .- __ I amn, Sir, your obedient servant. ARTHUI~ 31AC-LEA.NP, ,Dn, IN9V, :Z
FrmthVe ZONDON OAZETTE of Tucday, Nov. 3. ST. TANMS'S PALACe o,- >7 'The Queen has beenpleased to appoint the Right Rev. 'ather in God Archibald Campbell, Bishop of London5 to he Desn of Her Majesty's Chapels Royal. WHITEHALL, OCT. 31. q'he Queen has been pleased to grant to the Right lon. bs,arles, Viscount E veraley, the severel t(ffices of 'Jovernor and Captain of the Isle of Wight, and Governor of Carisborcok Castle in the said Isle, in the room of the Right tulcn. Wilhram, Lord Heytesbury, G.C.B., resigned. FOREI GN-OFFICE, Nov. 2. Mse Queen bas been pleased to approve of Mr. J. Let. -terstcdt as Cobsul-General at the Cale of Good Hope for 1is -Majesty the Ring of Sweden audNorway. DOWNING-STREET, OCT. 31. The Queen has been pleastd to appoint Charles Fisher, ~sq., to be Attorney.General, and Sameel Leonard Tilley, Bsq., to be Secretary, for the province of :New Brunswick - Jules Colin, Esq., to be District Mlagistrate for the Island of h'fauritius; Joseph Shervigton, Esq., to be Treasurer, and William Quin, Faq., to be Accountant for theTreaSUTy Departmenet of the lsland of Antigua. BOARD OF TRADE, WHITEHALL, Nov. 2. The Bight Pon. the Lords of the Committee of Irivy Ccuncil for Trade and Plantations have received, through tre Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a doapatch from tesr lajesty's Con,ul aKt Vigo, reporting that no foreignerwill bepermnitted toenter Spain unless pio-'ided wvith a passport duly signed by the Spanish Consul, -or Consular Agent, in the country from which such foreigner mxay come. TIhe Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy -Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through -the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a des9gatch from flr Majesty's Consul at Islay, Peru, reporting that, by a recen,t decree, the prohibition to export gold and silver from that and other ports of Peru has been sus,pended. DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZE MONEY. Notice has been given by the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admiralty, Novenber 2 instant, that the proceeds from the brig Aspis, captured May 15, 1835, by Her Jslajesty's ship Niger, and Le Mlilan, belonging to the Emperor of the French, will be commenced November 19th instant. WAR-OFFICE, PALL-MALL, Nov. 3. Mlitawy Trato-F. rcaptaDl a. J. TuinellOalke. fromh alf-pay let foot, vice Godfrey Clerk,sappointed totbe Bille Brigade.whichapveored In the " Gszeetet of the 30th ilt read Captain C. J. Tuffaesi waeaM from half-pay lst Foot. to be Captain, &c. RoyalArtillery.-Assist.nSrg. John Wood, from the Staft to be A.Ld4.-8arg., vfce Fisher. promoted on the Staff; Asrist.-Surg. <lawald liome Bell, M.D., from the Staff, to be AssEt.-Surg., v:c; Bennle. promoted on the staff; Assist-Suri. Joweph Marndauhe 'Ta3lor, from the 8htff.to be Assist.-Surg.. vice Halahan, promoted on teStaff; 'shIt..Surg. Decisnus Fibus De Hodasoo, M.D., from the Staff, to b ue Asit-Ssrg, vice Befts, resigred. .oyal Engineers,-Lieut. Henry George Savage to be Second Capt, slce srevet-Major E. C. A. Gordon, placed on the Seconded List. 4th Voot,-Staff-Surg. of the Second Class Rciaid Francis Valpy WDe Ltise to be sorg. 5th loot,-8urg. Wlliam Godfrey Watt, from the 99th Foot, to be .nurg. 6th Foot.-Staff-Sarg. of the Second-class George Ilyde, M.D., to be 7th Foot.-Stff-Surg. of the Second-class EdwArd Scott Dooker to te Burg. 8th Foot,-Aszist.-Surg. John Madden, from the 45d Foot, to ba Mh Foot-Staff-Surg. otthe Second-claa s Btinsley Niohelson, .LD., to be Sorg. 15th Foot.-Aasist.-Surg. Washington Patton. from the Stiff, to be -hi,ist-Serg, vice Latuproy. promoted on the Stafif, 16th Poot.-Assist.-Sur,. Edward L'Estrauge, M D., from the Staff. l0obe &lst.-Surg., vice Fraser, promoted on the Staff. M Foot.-Aslst..8urg. John bMeLinthie, from the Staff, to be -Adut.-Surg., vioe Douglas, pro noted on the Staff. 434d 1ot.-Asslt.-Sarg. James Gio., tron the Staff, to bo AAst,'Borg., vice Mddea., promoted in the b h Foot. 40thb oot.-Assist..-lrg. Henry Carden Herbert, from the Staff, to 4)a Aiwist.-Surg., vice Peake. promoted on tha StafL 58th Foot.-Asist.-Surg. Eugene MhSloSne, fr-n the Staff, to bl A st..Surg., Vice Montgomery, promoted on the Stiff. 60th Foot.-Asist.-Ssrg. Robert Owen Hlayden, from the Staff, to be .Ara.-Surg.. vice Nicholson, promoted ou the Staff; Aselst.-Surg. lPrederiok William Wade, fiom the Staff, to be Ausist.-Surg. 6ist Foot.-Asist.-Surg. Charles Mtackinson. trom the Staff. to ke . ist..8urg, vice Reade, promoted os the Staff. M6h Foot.-Asl,t -Sarg. Alexander N-ill, from the Staff, to bo Asist.. Burg., vice Writs. promoted on the Staff. 67th Foot.-Asaist.-Surg. Robert Heard, hLD., from the Staff, to bh -Asa!st.-8arg., vise BhielI, reAgned. 90th Foot.-Assst.-turg. Edward Joseph Crane, from the Staff, to ba Arslst.-Surg., vice Nelson, deceased. S24 Foot.-Asteot.-.S,rg. ravid Shorter Skl.ner. from the Staff, to 'beAsslt.-Surg., vice Grler, deceased. M9t Foot.-Asist.-Surg. Rtchard Cooper Tedl, from the Staff, to be ,rice Watt, appointed to the fth Foot; Assist.-Surg. eor e Whlt-.a. from the Staff, to be Assist.-Surg., vice Jones, appointed to the 87th Foot. Bide Brigade.-Aslst.-Burg. WilLam Alexander, from the Staff, to ieA."Sait.urg. Cape Mounted Riiemen.-Asslst,-Surg. Joaeph Richard ICehos, from the Sttff, to .be Asslt.-Surg., viseeSingleton,promotedonthe Staff. HOSPITAL STAFF. Burg. Willtim Freeman Daniell. M.D., from the 1st West India Regiteot, to be Staff-Surg. of the 2d Clas, vice De Llsle. appointed Asist.-Surg. John Gibbons, from the Staff, to be Staff-Surg. of the 4 a, vice Hyde, appointed to the t,sh Foot. Bnsst.-Snrg. .,on,s Lamprey. MiB., from the 1Ith Foot. to be Staf. 45og. of the Second Claa', vico Docker, appointed to the 7th Foot, Asaiet.-Surg. Herbert Taylor Reade, from tbe Clst Foot, to be Staff.5org, of the Second Class, vlce Nicholson. appointed to the 9th Foot. BRE VET. The undermentioned officers having completed three zears' actual service in the rank of Lieut.-Col., to be Jolonels in the army, under the Rtoysl warrant of the 3d of ;ovember, 1854:- lleMt.-Col. Heury Babasttan Rowan, Royal ArtiUlery. Lteut'-Col. John Cha)tor, Royal Engineem. ADMIRALTY OCT. 17. Corps of Roya? Marines. -(ent. Cadet Corry Beverley Smith to be Second Lieut. COMIUSSIONS Signei by the OUEE Oxferdbhlre Regiment of Mlltia.-John Meaeows, gent., to ba Quattermaster, vloe Ralph, deceased. By thee LouD.LicurEUMANT of the County of CARDicOAS. John Pugh P.yse, Esq, to be Deputy-Lieut. By the LoP.D-lneuNA-NT ot the County of BERKs. Hunger ord Troop of Yeomanry Craary. -Edward Henry Frederlck S)awkina, gent., to be Cornet. Bytbhe LorD-LiguvhAIXT Of the County Palatine ofLANSCAtSTER Royal Lancashire Mllitia Arttlery.-Wi:llam Roe Cookson, gent., to UeBeond-Lleut., rice (4awne, promoted. By the LORD-LIEUTgUNANT of the County of WoRmrcit.R Worcestersbire Regimentof Militta.-Lseut. Frederic Olifitotobe 'Capt., vice Hopton, reign. d. By the Loir-Li ErgnTE,-T of the County of K;:N-T. East Rent Regiment of lilItis.-Erneat Christian Wilford, geA., -late Lieut. 65th ReilLOent, to be Lieut., vise Munn, resigned; George Shirley Maxwell, gent., late Lieut. 20th Foot to be Lieut., vice sobloteL resigned; John Berae:ey lItchell, gent., late Lieut. 88:h Foot, to be Ideut., vice Panter, reslgeed; Henry Gillett gent., late Lfent. Esser lifies. to be LUeut., vice HoweU, promoted; Eienry Brodr;ck, gent., to be Ensign, vice Heseltine, promoted: James Robert Blackwell Mony3s-nxy, geong to be Ensmig, vlce tantur, promotel; Phineas Bury, sent., to be kDaign, vice Wildes, Dronotedi. This " Gazette contains totfces that the follownlg places have been -duly registered for the tolemnization of rmarriaces therein:- Olivet Chapel,Calverlfy-cum-Farzley, Yorkshire. St, Andrew' Prcsbytexlan Churoh, Bolton-le-Moors, Lancawhire. PARTINEBSHIPS DISSOLVED. J. Sharp, W. Telford, J. larmr, and S. Waite, Leeds, eng'neers; as far za regard S. Watto.-Rast Vale Colliery Company, Oaverawall, Staffordshire; aa far as regards B. Bldge and J. Hnusby.-Bsthour ,and Stevenson, Bradford, Yorkhire, lhnendrapera.-Blain and ChapPoll, Bolton-le Moors, Lancashire. bricklayers.-E. M linshuul and t. Owen, Cheater, bookeellers.-Newcombe, Anderton and Oughton Lwsr r Oaplon, schoolmastera.-F. Field and W. V. Aldridge, RaUl 'way-place. Kingelasd, oilmen.-&. leale and M. Bloxham, Princesstreet, Hanover-square mlllinera.-Mawe and SOn, Danes-lanu, St. lement's, Strand, sollitol,s-Muesabini and Co., Ausun Friara.- J. Clarkson and Co., Leeds. etaymakera.-Luvoni and PuinelL Leeds, general dealers.-Swain and Paddy, Leiioeter, cheeee faotors.-T. Nunneley and Son, Leicester, wholesale grocers.-Ploknell and Son, Hastings, builders-Edwards and Crye, Liverpool, cabhletmEkers.- D. Hpkins and Sons, Westbromwlob, kOt.ffordsbire, ironma,tera as far as regards J.Hlpkins,-Cottrell and Lees, Stalybridge, Cheshire, cotion waste spiners.-Poore and Browo, ReddLsh.vale, Lancashbir paper nanufacturers.-Haill and RiShfild. Liverp(o olcommission xnerchants.-Fullos d T.Thompson, an dCo, Firsliton and Bridgwater, Somerset, cement mannfactmere.-J Tomilnson and J. T. Fewke Birnineban, factors.-J. Barnard aud C. W. AUen. Leiceeter. fish -Cnreri.-Jobrn Potter, Re 'cross-street, Bouthwark, and Jmae Potter, Ileralngstone. Buffuolk.-WN. Bofthhy 'und lit. Barstow. Oldham, Lancashize. licensed victuallers.-Hnn Son, andSirelron mongers; as far as r ards a. W. §haw.-Bov1D ana Lvurcooo. iad. stone, printers.-J. J. Hawtes and J. Knowaley, Teilumouth, bovon linendrapera-Tanner and Sharp. Lymisgton, Hampsbire, tron rnongers.-Baber and Smith, Llantrissent, Glamorganshire, miners.- Walker Brothers, Manchester. shirt mauutfctuter.-Petereon and -BoAhio. Brt.tol, attorneys-st-lawMatton and Huagbe, Xewtown, MonXtgomerythlce, eosohbuilders. DECLARIATtONS OF DIVIDl!NlS. T. Smith, J. litder. G. t crivens, and P. Smith. Ha'tings, bankersDfirt div. of l0s.. and first div. of 2O,. on the separate estateoof G. Ecrivens, Nov. 7, 9. and 10. at the Swan HoteL .Hastings, or any Wed. needay alter that week at Mr. Whltmore's Baeisghall-sreet. S. Hackett. Cradley-heath. Staffordshire, draper-first div. of 2: 3Kd, any Thunday, at Mr. Cbrlstie',, Birmingham. Jsy, St r. Harv 8iey, Irminghrm,graoer-first dlv. of Is. Oid., any Thurs- 3. Hawvood, Deerh,ironfninder-tblrd div. of 4ds, Monday next, and tvwo followfing Massey,, at Xr. Harris'e, Nottingham. J. By-water, Nottingh.m, tailor-first div. of 2,. 6d., Xonday next nod two following Monday,, at Mr. Harrir's Notliagham. E. Rse,n. eLiOvelrpool, merchant, first dtv. of la., any Mlonday, at Mr. BANKRtPTOIES AZNNULLED. Charles Starkey, Agar-town, King's-cross, dust contractor. Mazy Brown. Kinfare, StaffordshIre, grocer. BANZKRUPTS John Maztin. Strand. victualler, to surrender. Nov. 13, at half-past I -'clock. Dcc 16, at 12, at the Bankript,' Court : solicitor, Mr. 'Cutler, Bell-yard, Doctoie'-commons olliclal assignee, Mr Cannan, Aldermanbury. William Bennett, Great Newport-street, Newportmarket, grocer Novt. 13, Dc, 17. at o'occls,tthe lantrupte'Court soUlditor Mr ovell, (:reat Ryder-street, bt. James'; official Xelnee, mdr. 'Whit 3co,e, Baslnrbali-etreet. Fredeslck Nke Salkes, Southampton, c08oal merchant, Nov. 20, at o'clck, Dec. 18, at 11. at the Banlrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr Westal5, South-square, Gray's-inaU oftdial assignee, Mr. Cann, Mary Ann Akess, Brbzemoston, Crlordsbhre, baker, Nov. 13, at l O'lock, Deo. 1, as 11, at the Bankruptsl Court: rolicitor, Mr. *avenor. RaYmond-buildings, Gray's-innI; oltola aYsignee, Mr. Johuron, Bas5inhall-street. Frederick Wi511am Cox. doutbampton, grocer, Nov. 12, at 11 'clock, Dec 12 at haLf past 11,1at the Bankrupts' Court solicitors,M lessr. Sharp. f5arrtson and Sbarp, Southampton; Mersrs. Trinder and Eyre, Jobn-etreet, Bedford-row ; officlal assignee, Mr. Bel, coleman-strectObtdldings. John Hendry, Weymouth-street, Hackney-road, back and vat-maker, Nov. 17, Dee. is, at balf-east It o'clock, at ti e Bankrupts' Court: rolicItor, Mr. NoWton. Ciiffrdl's-inn ; ofeli assiguee, ir. Grabam' Eremy Cockburn, Ricbmondd. Srrey. watchmaker. Nov. 16, at 11 o'clock Dec. 14, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court; solicitor, Mr. Goddazd, kinf-street, Cheapslde; official assignee, Mr. Penme51, Gu51dh5Un_chmera, BaBingbail-treet. Tertius d'Oyley Faain, h inga tet, t Hamnmersmitb, chymlst, Nov. 20, atI o'clcok, Dec. 19, at 12, at the Bankrupta' Court; solicitors, Mer. Smith and Bon, Barnard'3-im, Holborn; official amignee, Mr. Lee Aldermanbury. John 4imes, George-street Portman-square, painter, Nov. 17, at I -dolock, Deo. 1IS at 2. at t Bankrupts' Conrt, solicitor, Mir. Date. Fu,val's-lunt ; ofdcial assignee, Mr. Edwards, Sambrook-cou*t, Baslingliall-etreet. Sinus-I Towers, Pitfield-street, Uorton, lookingglam-manufacturer, Nor. 17, a* 2 'clock, Dec 15. ath. at the Bankrupts' Court: eolicitor, Mr. Taylor, South-street, Fn8bury-Equare; ofcal assignee, Mr. 3Awards, Sambrook-oowrt, Basiughs,11street. E uda iHill, Oldewlaford, Worcesterelhre, commlfion-agent, Nov. 1$, Dec. 3, at half-5Dat 11 c'clock, at the Birmiughan District Court of Bankruptcy : slletoss, Mr. Presott, Stonrbrldge, and Mesears Wright, Blrmana ; oficial assi4nee, Mrz. Choatle, Birmtngham, John Htowl, Daylsal Staffordshire, screwr hbolt manmuacturer. Nor. 1 at 10 'roek, Dec. 10, at half-pie's 11, at the Blrsmbighm Di;tc Cout of' Baukupi, soltcitors. br. Wilkinson, nn,,. Walsall, and Mews. James anl knight, Birmingsham; of zicial asignee, Mr. Christie, Birmingham9 Richard Austin, Coventry, funituLre dealer, Nov. 16, Dc, 9, at 10 O'coik, l It the BlirmlnghAm District Coturt ot Bankruptcy ; soilcitors, hit. irowets, Qventry. a u Mcs,re. James and Knight, Birmingham; official aatianfe, Mr. Wbit.,ore Blrmingbam William Peck Swift, ilourn. iAocolnbhire, grocer. Nov. 2, Deo. 15, at I all Past 10 o'clock, at the Bitmingham District CoArt of BankruPtcy.Nottingham: solleitore, Mr. Bell, .Bour Ne;er. James and Kniehe, B'trminghasn; *ffDoi asi Ignet. Er Mardi , NottieghawL Wlliam Nath3n Sykel Cope. Wellingtoo.stycet, Goaseii-steett, and Nottl.ghamt whelegiue toutbbcoeiet. Dec. 1, at bait paat 10 'clock, at the Blriningn6sn Ditrict Court r,t BsLukruptcy, NotPlnluaLh:o; 2o9lcor. MY. laplee. ottf -1ai S 'iti *lai etoignee. tr. afrlE, Nottinghg,M. o Cortli and Henry i-tot $ayd r Catdifl. provysion n erchants. Nov. I6, Dec. 14, at 11 u'lieo, at tho uristol Dletriet iourt of Blank?aptcy: nolilcto:o, Messrs. 1Hendereon and Howard, Bristol: offlicia eaiexnee, Mr. Acrfmon, Beist,L WAltlam CudrlRutg, Plymfout, hwmueure Nov. 12, Deo. 3, atlO o'clock, at the Exeter DIati nt Court L7 Bsnk Bptny t Pkymouth: ofied ors. sor. Keill, Plymouth, and hll. Stogdof , Exetr; official rewIgnee, S ilr. lilnizel, Ertekr. V 1111am WhSte, Plynouth. dealer in eedse No.r 12, DeNc. 3, aS 10 'clock. at tha Exeter DLivaio Court of Bankru -y Plymouth: rcol. ltore, hties. Bl3hop and PSitt, Exeter; oofflocl aSignee, Mr. orizgeu, Exeter. Alexander Rltter Sheffleld, aw manufacturer, Nov. 14, Dec. 19, at 10 o'clock, at tbe i,ee. ' DitSirct Court oS Beankouptoy, Sheffield: soil. cito, hir. ltayoer. "heffleld ; official aseigree, Mrt Ecewin, 8heffielL. Bogh Roherte, Gorar, neadr Bolyheoe. cNordealer. Nov. 16, Dec. , at12 'clock.at the NewIveool Distyict Court Or oankruttcf : olpttore, Metsr. Evranali DBo aiverol; official sgnee,e, hIr. Moran, PhtlSllFzekiei, Manc eator, general dealer Nov. 16, Deo. 7. at 11 o'clocek. at the Manch6estr J5lstrct Court of Iiankruptcy:aollcios.tr NoSr. Marrott, .Vachester, and Mr. Clarke, Birmingham; offidas asignee. Mr. ernalian, Beancheeter. Jamea Moorboua e. jon.. eummemrneat, near Bury, .ncaGif red cotton piSnner, Nov. 17, Dec. 15 at the 2che eDtAr Dletrict Court of' Bank. rupt,: I olicitor, Mr. Sutton Manctester -fflciasalgnee, MIrnePtt, rimaNchester. George Tcb. i4Suth Shields, ehiphuer. Nov.a13. at 12 o'clock, Dec. loheat l, at the Meltca te.n ofeTyrne Dgitrict CoBlaoBkiriDzz a: Greenwich. pain}guai, Durham. officiJl asstinLee, Mlv. Baker, Nercastle-upon.Tyne. DIVIDED8. Nov. 21. C. V2n TLhe, Breadatreet, dity, wooen marerob eman.-. Nor. 25, J. Ellie'n, Breamsetreet, Cheapside. aLd lIariersetreet, Cavendi2h-eouare, vareboueemanu-u-Nov. 25, W, Gford, 8t. Iver ballnrigdonstl, r eaddler -Nov G. HoD. a.inger, OfsordcStreer, t-llor-.ov 2. i5.B. Warde dirhndtreet o4uthwark, avnd St. Jamed R. Hesoe. New-croefr cmmIsIon[ dealer.-Nov. 2i, J. tfrteon citr cocemi.on a2eet.--N'Gdv. 24, T. Jones, New Broadstre6t, asd Bawr Dbu,ch.lae. . St. Georgpes itheaunst, ale merchant.-NOTl 24, r. Johneou, Phcesslis-lac, Caithorpe-atneot. Graf -.lnn-road, a;nd Bell. ard,t racechurchoysreet, hulader.-Noo. 2, J. ,. lntqSta HTomteeo otterwiseo J. E. Millton, late of New Bridge-street, Blackldriso, and oreentIch, paIntbmaker. lov.-24, J J.Sw n, ladenhax-street, muer. chant,-NoT. 24, T. Ptody, Great Tarmoutu, wbeb merch nt.-Nov. 24 J, GouDID brough, Manchester, maroufa«cturer.-Nov. 26, D. Mfar. Nhall, Br.stol, Ballr -Nof. le, G. Ho4eou and W. At5 heson, Sunderland. timBrumenrhwst.-Noq 25, T. o. Cbgdon'. unde.Jand, Dlumbsor. -NOV. 25. T. l.uctley. Snderlaeb , grdcer.-Nov. 25 A. andI . 1V, Barrie Blcmlnahans. glass manulectosers.-Nov. 21, B. Browning,' Herewore. st,btaller.-y,ov. 27. W. Fleher. StHWtford.unou.ASoan grocer.-NOh. 27, T. O. Goodwi.HLongton. Staffordsire, earthenwmare Neoer.-Nov. 26, E, Petter and W . A. . Oatey, Barnetaplee Devonshire, I onJo. der,-laec. 9. o. Lake. Toohamr DevoahlIre. mal2taer.-- Dec. 9n, a. Burt. St. elepwhene by' Lap UcestOr. Cornw , bul'der.- De. 9b J. P. Veysey, Exeter, hatter.-Deo. 9, . Clark, St. Thomaatho Aoastle. DevonsHare, tea dealer,-Dec. 9, J. Porno, Exeter, hguider. CERTIlliCAPBS to he santed. unlee canoee he ihovrnto the co- trary on the day of meeting. No,. 26, B Baldwin, Shoelane, pcsnter. Nov. 25, A. Nash, EverettIn Jtreet, Bronuwhck*-qu3re. hbSde6r.-Nov. 25. J7. 1 . Jackaon, late of LWWrence-lane. cty, and eCoe.theeew dyer.-not. 25. A and 1h Ja cobs, orown-etreet. thnshery, F mc hbants.-Dec. 1, H. WIJIIam Swansea limber meochaot.-Nuv. 26, P. H. Oogdoc, Snuderland, plumber.- NOv. 2n. T Pettr an t.A Ontey, Barontoale, ironeounder.,-Noa. 26, J. Doherty, late or Liverpool, corn deeler.-Xov. 24, P. Bailey, Nottingham and elesawhare. draper. SCOPi. i BIQUESTEAPIONS Rt. Macrobie, Gbaegow, veterinary eurgeon, Nov. 6, at a o'clock, at the Faculty haFL,, Glasgowr. Hai.co 8wt ani , up)holsiecer, NCv. 7, at the KIng's Anne Inn, J. Broogb, Criefft t orter dealer, Nov. 7, at 12 o'v.cic, at the Dram. owod Armls Hntel. Croeff. '57. Wardlaw and Co0., Glbsgow and Mlanchester, merchants, NOv. 9, aLt 12 o'clock, a* the Escolt -hall. Glasgow. J7. and Pr. Mute, Ptar:lc? and Brooniloan, formers, NOv. Y, atl12 o'clock, r t the Bs cnity Hiall, Glasgow. W. A. Bleakley, Leith, hoot manufa;cturer, Nov. 12, at 3 o'clock, at Dowell's and Lyon's Rooms, Edinburgh,
CITY COMMISSION OF S_WVER Yesterday a Court, at which Mr. Deputy Christie pro. sided, was held for the despatch of public business. DANGEROUS BUILDIEtGS. Deputy AITCHISO-N said he was anxious to cal the attention of the Court to the excesive overcharge made upon the citizens of London in the proceedings with reference to dangerous structures. The Metropolitan Commisdion had fixed certain charges with reference to dangerous structures, which amounted to 31. 5s.. whereas in the city no less a sum was demanded for exactly the same kind of work than 61. 14s. (Hear, hear.) This was a subject which he thought deserved the very serlous attention of the members of the Court, and would therefore move that thessubjeot bezreforred to the General Purposes Committee. Mr. DE JRRSEY said he fully agreed with his friend that the subject was one of great importance and ought to be fully considered. He seconded the motion. The motion was put and carried unanimously. CROSSING SWEEIPERS. Mr. Coryton, conductor of the Clare-market Ragged School, presented a petition praying permission to affix to the lamp-?osts at either end of crossings at which bovs belonging to the establisbmentwere placed, under the Biyle of public pathwarders, money-boxes and boards, so as to supersede the necessity of their soliciting alms. Mr. DE JERSEY moved that the prayer of the petitioner be complied with. The motion having been seconded by Mr. BONE, Mr. ELLIOTT said he would yield to no one in deepest sympathy with the sufferings of others, but nothing did more mischief usually and increased the suffering that it was desired to afleviate than misdirected charity, and with such schemes, of wbich this was one London was now fhtid. Here were the most destitute o? human beings, by their name ragged, who, to begin with, were so corrupted by their teachers that tbey refused to earn a iving by turning street-sweepers. Unless they were called by a fine name these most destitute, ragged creatures would not earn an honest penny. No; they were to be called public pathwarders, and of course, as they grew up, they would not take the course of industry with which they had begun, and continue scavengers. They could earn about 15s. a-week, one-third of which was appropriated to their maintenzncechildren 12 or 13 years old. Now, this one-third was just about the whole wages of a youth of 16 or 18 years of age in the country. One-third more went to the support of the place where they lodged, and the remaining one-third was saved for them to start in life as emigrants or otherwise -probably 201. or 2ii., a fabulous sum to be even possessed by a young mechanic, Such a scheme, however good it might appear, was certain to increase the vice and misery it desired to remedy; it must aot as a reward and encourage. ment to idle and profligate parents to cast the burden of their children on the public, seeing that they were much better cared for, fed, clothed, and providedfor than even the children of bonest and industrious workmen, who had no hope of putting into their hands 201. or 251, at the end of two or three years with which to place them out in life. There were many little fellows running about London with portions of watchwork and other valuable things, whose mothers were too happy to receive their weekly earnings of 4s, or 6s. a-week, who were now to be encouraged to cast themselves in the streets or turn thieves. Mr. BONE said he was quite sure his friend could not have paid much attention to the operations of the Shoeblack Society, otherwise he would not have so strongly condemned its operations. The result of its labours showed that much good had been accomplished, and that many abandoned and wicked boys had not only been rescued from the paths of infamy and vlce, but had been enabled by their savings either to emigrate or to fmnd respectable and lucrative employment at home. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DE JERwSEY said he had neverheard a speech in elther that or any other place which had so perfectly astonished him as that of Mlr. Elliott. who had not hesitated to say that if the projected plan were carried out it would tend to encourage vice. Many boys who, but for the operations of the seciety, would have continued to lead a profligate and abandoned life had been decently educated and sent to Australia, where they were doing well. Thus had they been taken from the dangerous class to which 'hey belonged, and become respectable nmembers of society. (Hear, hear.) He never met with an institution which did more credit to the heart of an Englishman than the Shoeblack Society, and no one ought to live more in 'the estimation of the public than the two gentlemen who had originated it. (Hear, hear.) The motion was put and carried unanimously. SANITARY STATE OF THE CITY. The following are extracts from the report of the Medical OffEcer of Health:- I have the satisfactlonL to report that yonr newl appointed in- 'Thce, and as duoring the laft week visited 15e roomt in hlbouses, in earlsof which ho hassuended a copy of the rules for the manage- beneficially v ith a source of imistchief wuhichuhe8as hithaesrtou tbeene outof able state of the public heaitb. The total Dnuber of deaths ai 52, of which 19 vere among chKairen of leas than 5 yer of ags, and & amon. old persons of 70 assals of age and upwards. Their numbered agea were 633 years, and one mand,a labourer, reached the age of 100. The ch.i e causes of deAh were d rease of a cronic charater. There were 13 deaths fromr disease of the respiratory orgas five of which were frem pbthieis, four from pneumona, three from stronchits, and one fr, in whoopiat dcough. There were alo thre deaths from fee, one from tofanti T di.rrboa. and one from dysentery.s SUPPLY OF WATER BY THE NEW quIVRi of3wPA tY. Mr. Daw, the chief clerk, read a report from the General Turoes Committee, stating that the diretors of thoe New River CoMPan had acceded to the request of the Commission that an additional supply of water hnleht be furnished to the houses in Angel court on Saturtday nights. Deputy Lowas and Mr. PoAu strongly censred the compaty for not supplying an additional qutantity of water generally to poor localities, instead of resizioting it to one sintgle court. The Casnthe ay said that no fault ought to be found with the company, as it had done all it had been asked to do. If aTy member thought it desirable to reopen the general question he could do so at the fitting timae. The report was unanimously agreed to. THlE NEW CITY CEMETERY. The General Purposes Commxittee brouaght up a report tatin that the Bishop of London had appointed the 16th cint. as the day on which the new cemetery at ll ord would be consecrated. FINANCES OF THE COMMIlSqION. The following report, addressed to the Court, was read ana unanimously agreed to : fo We. to whom it was on the 27th of October referred to atcertain the mode in which the azh and petty ,cash acunents are kept by the clerk and to report, do heceby certIfy that we have had the books kept by the clerk laid before so, and have carefully eamicned the same. We find that In a caahbook, keit with a Dr. and Or. account, the clerk enters to his Dr. the moneys drawn by the Court on the Chamberlain for him to pay wages at she stueyard, the cemetery, and other dirbhuraements; and on the other side he enters to his CJr. all moneys paid by hlm for the said various disbursments, which paymaents are frm these entries ycsted to their respective proper aecormeis n the ledger. We are of oplaloxn that this; system is perfectly clear and satis- We have also examined the various entries to the same book of moneYs received and peasting throuLgh the office to the Chamberlain, and hare, as n former oxaslons. examnded the same with Ilt vmocer and find them correct. t 1We have further examined the clerk's account of dIsbursemaents frm he 29th rf September, wben we last audited them, to the 31st of Octoe last, and have seen the vouchers for all moneys paid by him, antd find the game correci, 11WILLrAH. CHRISTIE. "GEORGE ROSS. "JAME &. BARNARD, "L DE JERSeY, "GEORGE WALTER, G0. BOINE"l G. AITOaISoN, The Court adjourned. E,Advertisement.]-A new work by Marion Harlaud, aututor of " The Hidden IPath," entitled, "1Moss-side," has just been published, Price Is. in boards or free by poet for 14 st5nm55.-Tbe great luccw ateningtheprevouspubicaionin this country of hMis Ilalan's ovos i agoaante o exellnc in this ber latest producton.Mrs 8, . Hll as aso ssud avolume of acmne of her hea taes nststoie inRoolede'schep erie of popular hooks. entiled"TheLuck Peuy" c., rice2s,boards,, or free by pet, 25 tani, wic i nw eciin mch ttntonamong the numerou cicl Ofadires f tat ad's riIng. ondn,George Fout-
MONEY-MABKBTandexTylZq.TL?ZLIG.SNOE. TuesdAy Evening. The quotation of gold at Parls Is about 7 per mttle premium, and the short exchange on Loadon is 25-25 per 11. sterling. On comparing these rates with the English I1int price of 31. 17s. 10d. per ounce for standard gold it appears that gold is nearly 4-3Otbs per cent. dearer in Paris than in London. By advices from Hamburg the price of gold is 424 per mark, and the short exchange on London is 13-4i per 11. sterling. Standard gold at the English Mint price is therefore about 1-10th per cent. dearer in Hamburg than in London. The quotation of the exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days! sight varies from par to about 105 per cent., according to the class of the bills. These prices being below the Mint par between the two countries, there is at present an advantage in sending gold from here, as compared with drawing bills from Amerlca. The recent rapid rise seems rather to have checked the investments of the publc, and the funds have experienced a reaction of a half per cent. from the closing prices of Saturday. The first transactions in Consols for money this morning were at 897 to 908, and they gradually declined to 89a to J for money, and 90k to i for the 7th of December. Notwithstanding the general heavines loans on stock were more freely obtainable, the rate being from 5 to 6 per cent. At the Bank and ia the discount-market there was a very full demand, but the payments falling due to-morrow, the 4th of the month, are expected to be well met. Bank Stock left off at 209 to 211; Reduced, 881to J ; New Three perCents., 88ito 89; IndiaStock, 2L0 to 212; India Bonds, 50s. to 40s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 15s. to 10s. discount. Foreign stocks have been actively dealt in, but greater depression exists. T'urkish closed fully i per cent. lower than on Saturday. Brazilian Five per Cents., 1829 and 1839, were negotiated at 99k; Chilian Six per Cents., 103 and 102; Grenada Deferred, 5i ; Peruvian Four-and-a-Ralf per Cents. for the account, 76J, 76k, i, 77 and 75,; Portuguese, 43i; Russian Five per Cents., 106; Sardinian, 89y, 90, and 89k; Spanish, 40k; ditto, Certificates, 5,; Turkish Six per Cents. for the account, 88, i, and J; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, -98J; for the account, 98 and 97i; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64. In the foreign excbanges this afternoon there was no change of importance from the rates of last post. The final quotationm of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 90c. for money and 67f. 20c. for the new account at the end of the month, showing a decline of an eighth. About 66,000l. in bar gold was withdrawn from the Bank to-day for exportation to the Co-tinent. Sovereigns also are taken for Anmerica and elsewhere, and if the movement should continue, without some large arrivals from Australia, an advance of the Bank rate of discount to 9 per cent, must be regarded as not altogether improbable. The Ariel, from Southampton to-morrow, is expected to take out about 40,0001. in gold from this country in addition to any amount she may have on French account. The City of Glasgow, from Liverpool, will also most likely have a small sum. In several instances houses which have lately suspended and submitted their accounts to creditor3 have been discovered to have followed the practice of fabricating accommodation paper. This circumstance is both satisfactory and deplorable. It is satisfactory to find that many of those who are swept away by the present storm are persons whose removal from the field of enterprise is an advantage instead of a calamity, and it is deplorable that a system which strikes at the root of all honest trade should be shown to prevail to a greater extent than had been anticipated. The character of the offence was exhibited in its most despicable light in the case reported a fortnight back of Sadgrove and Ragg, where a business was carried on under the eye of greedy discounters at the rate of 70,0001. per annum, and boys in the establishment were trained to forgery and Imposture by being regularly employed in the manufacture of fraudalent acceptances. But these people were altogether of an inferior class and out of the ruercantile circle. The analogous facts lately exhibited have been among individuals who have held a good place on 'Change and a position generally in which any misdeeds must eompronise the British name. In one casewithin the present week it hastranspiredthat bill wereregularly created between one house and another for a triflinog commission, with a full knowledge on the part of' the acceptor that they represented no busine3s operation whatever, and that In the event of accident he had not a shilling wherewith to meet his liability, except at the expense of his ordinary creditors. Some of tho knot of Glasgow failures also, which were announced about the middle of last month, are understood to have revealed a combination in thts direction of a most gigantic kind, and it is alleged that when the affairs of the Liverpool Borough Bank shall be investigated the public will be still further enlightened on the magnitude of such proceedings. When banks with a million or a million and a-half of capital are found to have been promoters of the evil, the disgrace is proportionably extended, and although in the punishment which such institutions sooner or later inevitably sustain, the community at large are always unhappily involved, it must be regarded as a compensating feature of a crisis like the present that for a time it clears the field from some of these pernicious influences. A permanent cure can be effected only by a gradual advance in commercial morality. It is gratifying to believe that the mercantile body feel this much more strongly than the proceedings either at bankruptcy courts or creditors' meetings might be supposed to indicate. When it is seen that, in bankruptcy, traders whose malpractices have been notorious can almost always, by adroit management, get the highest certificate, and that creditors' meetings, under the auspices of accountants employed by the debtor, are usually complimentary, the public are led, not unnaturally, to infer that that kind of toleration prevails which arises from the consciousness of a common tendency. But in neither case can these be taken as examples. Instead of the Bankruptcy Court being looked upon with favour by creditors, their first question is by what sacrifices can we avoid its aid, while with regard to creditors' meetings it cannot be expected that in the absenee of legal authority persons will often be found to assume the invidious duty of an accuser. The immunity which irregular traders now obtain is in consequence of the defects of the law, and not from unhealthy sympathy. Every respectable merchant knowsthe category in which fictitious biUl-drawers and the banks that encourage them should be placed, and would welcome any administrative improvement that would render the offenders as liable to judicial as they are to moral condemnation. Attention has been called to a proceeding of the Sardinian Government calculated to damage the market for their securities. An English clergyman left some coupons of Sardinian bonds, amounting to 121. 10s., among his study papers, which were burnt. Through Sir James Hudson, the British Minister at Turin, he applied to have them paid upon indemnity, offering the security of leading London bankers. Count Cavour, however, replied that the Sardinlan law upon the point is imperative, and that no formality or guarantee would authorize the payment of the dividend with- outthe production of the coupon. To everyone conversant with the customs of business in all such cases this will appear as unjust as it is unuaual. It is not to be conceived that if the will existed the Sardinian Government would be powerless to make provision for the nominal risk of remedying a misfortune of this description, to which every holder of such secuirities is liable. As It has been resolved, however, to take a technical advantage in the matter, all purchasers of Sardinian bonds must henceforth bear in nmind that they hold them subject, unlike the bonds of other foreign States, to the peril of total loss in case of their destruction by fire, shipwreck, or any similer casualty. The No7-th British Daiiy Mail states "We regret to announce that arumnour prevails that the old and respected firm of Meisrs. Andrew Stoewart and Co" of Greenock, bave been obliged to suspend payment in consequence of difficulties arising out of tho commercial state of affairs on the other side of the Atlantic. We have not heard the amount of liabilities, but hope a speedy arrangement may be yet effected." TE1E 9Tr REGIMENT.-A divisior of this regimenX consistlng of about 300 men arrived hereyesterday forenoon from Montreal, in the steamer Napoleon, andthe head-quar, ters, 380 men, children, and women, came down in the steamer Quebec, 'which did not reach her wharf till half-past 6 o'clook last evening on account of the fog on the river. Her Majesty's screw steam troopship Vulcan will eraark Ite 9th, and some invalids aud mUlitary convlets, aad sal for England to-day or to-morrow. -Quebec ChronWrJ, 17th
BiAILWAY AND MINING SBEARES. Taesday Evening. The railway-narket opened with firmness, but afterwards receded in sympathy with the funds and closed heavily at a decline of 10. to 30s. areat Western were marked as low as 49k, andin Midland the first transaction was at 83, the last price at 4 o'clock being 81 to 82. Canadian shares were generally lower, from the unfavourable nature of the trafic returns; Indian continue firm at the late advance. French descriptions were flatter. Dutch Rhenish, Iombardo-Venetian, and Great Luxembourg also declined. American securities were quiet, and the recovery in Dlinois Central was not fully maintained. Business in mines has been limited, and the only important alteration is a fall of 51. in East Basset. In joint-stock banks there was a fair amount of business at former prices, a reaction however oecurred from the late advance in Ottoman Bank. In miscellaneous securities English and Australian Copper were in good demand, and a reduction tookplace in European and American Steam. Birmingham. 8Sj Leeds & LNvrpol 801 Rochdale, So C enty 1t0 Leicester epon, 13 WarIck & Bim., 24 Grad Jncton,499 Oxford.. ID04 t Warwick & Napton, 9 Rennet and Avon, 69 Regenve, 16 WDoruer kt BAM., 16j WATERWORKES lIunbeth, 95 Southicark and Vauxhall, 89 HIngerford, 68 Vauxbel, 17 GASLIGHT AND COKE OOMPAIW. Brighton,14 Imperial 70 WestmintiChUar2 A Pbcenix, 47 Ditto, New. 109 j I reatenral, II SouthMetropoUtsu,341 INSUR-ANCE COMPANIES Albion, OS aler., Med., and Gen. Law Life 63 AWsance,Brg;&rFor.171 LiMfe, 21 Marine,;1 Do., Marine, 42 og. & Sca. Ls w Li e, 4 lRook Life, 7! 8 79 Atisa 16 Globe. 89 ROWa Exchange, 27 County, 85 Gurdulan, 499 Crown, 191 Indemnity Mar., 130
RAILWAY LrVTBLICGNCE. BOMBAY. RAROT)A ANfn trVKT-rT mT -- It appears that the directors of this company have just received the sanction of the East India Company for the immediate construction of the section of thei line from Bombay to Surat, upon the same terms as those which are contained in the present contract with that company. This conoession, added to the previous one, will miake over 320 miles under construction by the above company. TRAFFIC RETURNS.! Miles Pa- Mer- Total. Total. Railways, open. sengers. chandlse. 1557. 1856. Fcrtnlght ending Sept. 2i £. £. ;. a Demersa .. - .. - ,. - .. 1,017 .. 675 Week ending Oct. 31. Glasgow and Soutb-Westerm- .. - .. - .. 7,006 . 6,686 SoutbhEsstern .. .. - .. - .. - . 19,146 19,84 Week ending Nov. L Great Luxembourg .. .. 38 .. - .. - .. 1,0:2 .. 801 Kendal and Wlndermere -.. 112 .. i8 .. 169 .. 280 North-London .. .. 9 .. - .. - .. 2,480 . 2,181
THE LZEEBPOOL BOROUGH BANK. LrVERPOOl4 Nov~. 3. The following Is a copy of a memorandum reocived fronm the bant.: " At a Ixrgo and influenitia meeting of the deoeoltor8 and others, creditors of the Ltverpo-ol Borough Bank, head at the bank yesterday (Mr. Wrigley mn the chair), the following offer was made on the part of the bank t- " 'That the claims of aUidepositors and other croditors foz amounts exceeding 200. shold he satisfied by the prosnissory notes of the bank payable at 6, 12, 18, or'21 months' date, bearing interest at the rate of 7 per oeat. per With regard to this offer, the following resolution wag adopted, upon the motion of Mr. W. P. Macgregor, sevonded by Mr. Thomas Gair*- "'That this meeting conidders it advisable to accept the offr o te dretor, ude th snctonof a committee of dspciore cositi~ f te oli wn4gentlemnl :-IdessrS. P. G. Heyworth, P. Rwso, ~homs Qar, Tyon,and W. F. Mae- "Aconferonce then took place betwoen the committee so, aPponted and the directors and a ommittoe of sharehoiders in the bank, when, after explanations gITen by the ,directors' and ehareholders' committee ia £nhwer to inquii66s On the part of the aepositorse oommiittea~ the latter came unaaiimoasly to the following resolution :- " 'First, that the offer made on theop rt of the bankk ha occepted ; second, thaLt Mr. Sellar, the manager of the bank, he requested to send a copy of this minute to each depositor, and other creditors of the bank for au amount exceeding 2tOI.' '",TAMRS T-RDY WRIGLEY. _R. RAWSON._
STATE OF TBADE. MANCHESTER., Nov. 3; The market has been dullerand of gloomier character than those even of the past few weeks, and, while spinn§rs *ud manufacturers havo been more pressing to sell, buyers are holding back aud making exceedingly few purchases. Cop yarns areveryflat, and pinners generahavebv enswil ting to make a concession of !d. to Id. per lb. on last Friday's terms to effect sales, but without nuch effect. Most kinds of cloths are lAd. to 3d. per piece cheaper, and 40-inch shirtings may be booight at a decline of 3d. to 4td. per pioce under the rates current a fortnight back. Produoers are still further resorting to short time in all the towns throughout the district. Some of theim have stocks of high-priced cotton that will last them until Christmas as well as stocks of goods on hand, and it will require a considerable limitation of production to enable them to avoid very serious loss in the present state of the market. Some few large sales are made from time to time for India, and but that shippers are tnwlling to give the 9 per cent. charged for discount of tha bills which they have to offer there would be much mora business both for India and China. The failures at Liverpool have, no doubt, been a msin causo of the gloomier feellng pervading the market to-day. Messrs. John Slagg and Co. report:- " hke IMDroved demand for India goodd. reported on Tueday last continue,, and a ir amount of buanen bas beea done in them at a decln from tho pricem current a frotnlght ago of lid. per pie3e cia jaeonots, lid to 3d. on madapollatux, and 3d. to 41L Per piece oe hirtings For nearly all other ktnds ot cloth the demand esti cono tinues on the moot Dmited scile rtceks are accumultng, and prie beconing -er irregular, vrith a general tendency in favour of buyers." LEBDS, Nov. 3. The weather was so misty and sombre this morning that It was almost impossible to judge of the colours of cloths, and consequently less business was done than would have beemt had the day been fair and light. Although under the circumstances verv little cloth has changed hands to-day, the trade has not assumed any greater degree of depression. The woollen trade is often oomparatively dull in November, that being a sort of interregnum month between the winter and sDring trades, aud it caunot, in the present condition of the ome and foreign money and commercial markets, be anything but flat this year. HEIDDERSFIELD, Nov. S3 The woollen-market to-day, in almost all branches, hag been inactive. Buyers operate but slowly, and their purchases are in smail quantities. They offer rather lower prices, but scarcely any reduction is acceded to, which is rather a favourable sign than otherwise of the stability of those who have goods to sell and of the confidence ther have of a speedy Improvement in trade. Wools are a, trifle easier ill price, but there is not much doing in them.
TRADE REPORT, SuOAY.-The public sales were n Tuesday Evening. COF-I.-30 ass 00 itres ndmru band plarge, an odnearly the whodleiwer taken cin.rTh Tharket is eatdeme. mdepese and loweesr. tho following areix eh ptiilo rso the aCtopnhge -abot 42500.pe liwd.Wetna,748bg Marltlus,,526 bags Koinar, 56crg6o goap dualte,8,54rbag bd auctonhade been tsold. n CoA.LTP]TR h dcasksd 100 barres and tags plnttioxsar o very limiretieldsoed oxet.Rfmation 9 to 5proens. fuortied 46s tordinapry avtomdlngryscly. The at rnacie a ias at god demand, andeloe prices were wsepte454dearer taul the e lowr, point54. A cargomo.0 banagst rail is reothed qsoldto abat; fora Ctopnhagen atported atd. perssw. 5 spi o .C on thuctionhdto etken SALTETR hasdecinedIn vlue,andtr ansacion tare for to Os.pe ow. he asttrnsatin alot warqusat wO.ere the clse loer pries wee accete ates.foaMteyr
THE CORB TRADE. TXTOn~nr. w- , Lhe arrival ftrom Ireland and o3atwiae during the put week have been fair of oatmeal. but otherwiEn ligbt. From foreign porte, how. ever, we have reweived as much as 53,517 quartes of wheat, 14f qusrters ot barley, L512 qusrters df oats, 6,410 quarters of beane. 15.721 quabters ot Indian corn, and 21.107 bares of flour ; beeides 5610 quarters of wbeAt from Canada. The exorts in the esase time coonprioe 2,216 quarters of wheat. 1 0°0 arer of oata, 1,167 quarters of tndian corn, 929 acks nd 381 b=rre of flour. Tbhre Ibeen rather more tono in the trade looe Friday i"t, and pricee of wbet and flour bavo been more regular although stUI deproned. Indian corn has iven w ay somewhat unDaer pressure of arrivals. In other rlcde4thero h been littledoing, sndnoimproTementin value. Theweather has beomme cold mad wet.. At this daes mnarket there was a good attendanco of the town and couosby trade, aud some dlsp'eition was shown to make pur, chsoes. Wbent met with a good demand, partly from Ireland at the fnU pricee of Wbis day week for prime Southern red. but all otber descrIptions of American w re d. per 701b. lower on the wveelk In Balstc and new Irizh there ws veryllttlepauino, althougb thue were offered on easer terms, Flour met wlh a f ar demand at le. per barrel and rack decline on the weelk Oats and oatmeal were in inoderate requeet at Id. per 451b. and 6d. per load on the grices of Tseeday last. Barley saleable to a fatr extent at full prloe, but beans and PDom mue" be noted LI. per quarter lower. Indisn cora Was wanted fcr feeding. bu the *boUsly being rather more liberal than of late, holderm had to rutbnut to a dechue of ful4y I. per quarter on the week. Prim Danube and miXed Amertn were cold at 37s, per quarter, prIme white being 4. 6d. per q er. LSTDS, Nov. S. We quote no altertlon tn the value ot wheat, but there Is a better feelmg in the tude, and more busineo 3done tbn hu t week. The best barley3S are 1. per quarter lower, and inferior quaUtlie almost Unsalo. able. Oat and besi withoUNt Ieration ARtSVAIO IsNoS ThS DAY WXICr ~ eprsaln r BRilSTOL. Nov. 3. Tietoed i-or last report still oontinuess and prisea Ta nt aysi1n bo written doim-yl, v hest i. to 2. in alting barley. 'i. crinding, Is. te2r.; oats, la.; heans3and peas, 6d. to 15. I'r QUarPr: rind lirnr 16. per sach. since tbis da,y wee,;, with lIttle or no demand *or ssathtsng, Bu-Jier is alco is. to is. per cwt. lower. andialee made (mIS NEWCASTLE, Ocr. 31. We had a large sbow of fFxer, wbeat to this day's omaket, tbo whole of which sold readily at Is. per quarter a&dvce. South oounlr, wbeat was =earcen sod met a free sale at Is. more money. The demaM forforltig hasImproved. Barley dull and ebeapor. Oats heavy at late rates. O:her artiole6 bneharged. ACCIDE:rT OSN TEE MAINCHESER AN]D -RErFIBED RALWVAT.-(OFrICIAL ACCONT. )-MAWCnSTMR, Nov. 3. -Four of the osrriages of the Mancbestos;, Sheffield, and Lincolnshiro ilaUway CompanY's 9.55 - . train ran off tlhe rails this (Tuesday) morning, the oeD2ir% koeping the track at the points leading to the ottra-i 7aduct. At the place of the accident a new crossing w?z being put in, and the signalman, who in cases of rOps*.n and renewals is stationed 800 yards beyond the point at, which the men are at work, neglIected to give the pr°Oor caution to the driver of the train, who oonseqUOfltlI' went Over the inoompleto part of the road at the SYerSgP speed of 30 miles an hour, instead ot nt half eeed. No oe dwas injur¢ed, and the paengers were rent on byem;cshe' train. Tbe end of one carriage and tho side of a tr .ere broken against the pampet.
LONDON, WIEDNASDAY, NOVEMBBR 4, 1857. The consummate engineer must possess not only grandeur of ideas, but accuracy of execution. His eye must be microscopic as well as telescopic, and as fitted to inspect a mite as to comprehend the heavens. The higher his aspirations and the more daring his plans, the firmer grasp must he have of every detail, and the surer must be his footfal at every step. If there is nothing too great for hin to adventure, it is because there is nothing too little for him to care for. The case of the monster ship which it was yesterday attempted to launch at Limehouse is a proof of this. The greatest and most wonderful of modern constructions is complete, and only waits for a fit machinery to move it from the place where for four years it has been the admniration of the world. Yet, until cables and drums and breaks are made to do their work, it must remain stranded and unable to realize the fond hopes of its projectors. The " Leviathan," as we believe it is now called, is one of those gigantic conceptions which we owe to the genius of these latter days. Within the last 30 years practical science has altered the face of the globe and changed the destinies of nations. It is now almost comnnonplace to dwell on the steamboat, the railway, and the telegraph, or to remark that -we live in a wonderful age -an age of enlightenment and progress. But we may take the last 10 years, and from a consideration of what has been done deduce the fact that boldness, perseverance, and skill are working greater T)rodigies than ever. In this country we are in the midst of the movement. The most memorable scientific enterprises of late years have been the Britannia-bridge, the Submarine Telegraph, the Crystal Palaces of Hyde Park and Sydenham, the Atlantic Telegraph, and the 'wonderful ship which was for the first time moved yesterday. All these have been carried out here, and we have learned from them to interest ourselves deeply in the progress of important works. The " big ship " has been for the last year or two the great topic of interest to our island of Cyclops. Here was a work by the side of which all the achievements of former times would be diminished to nothing. The world had been of late accustomed to large-sized vessels, but this was great with a greatness out of all comparison with its predecessors. Former competition only looked to an increase of a few hundred tons. The CVxARD line and the COLLINS line were content if they alternately outdid their rivals by 20 feet of length or an extra half knot in the hour of pace. But the new ship disdained comparison. Her principle was new, her size was new, she would be propelled by a union of powers never before joined, she would enter the water in a new mlanner, she would necessitate a new system of business to sail her at a proft, she maight even be expected to call new town into existenc= on the shores of harbours sufficient to shelter her, The longest steamer in existence is less than 40C feet; the new ship is 680 feet; the principal saloons form a suite 400 feet long; the burden h nearly 23,000 tons,-nearly five times that of any vessel afloat. The nominal horse-power of the screw engines is 1,600 horses, that of the paddles 1,000 horses. She carries two steam-propelled boats, each as large as a good sized Thames steamer. She is to carry 4,000 passengers, and, should it be necessary, could convey 10,000 troops to India in little more than a month. It cannot be wondered, then, that we have all been interested in the great work, and taken a patriotic pride in it; that many of us have been to see it, have looked at it from land and water, admired its sharpness and cleanness of build, gazed down from its lofty sides to the ground, some sixty feet beneath, wandered over its decks while the -whole fabric resounded with the clang of metal, and have returned home to expatiate on it as one of the few sights which have not been exaggerated by report. The public must, therefore, naturally feel disappointed that for a month at least the launch must be postponed. The ship has moved for about four feet, and that is all. It would seem that the imnmense mass was allowed to stir too suddenly, and was then brought up with a jerk. The consequence was that she stuck fast and has rermained sticking. Yet the evil is certainly much. less than if it had burst from all restraint and the whole bulk had rushed downward to the Thames. Happily, the breaks were sufficiently powerful and the chains sufficiently strong to prevent such a calamity. So we may hope that the defect will be remedied by this day month, and that the close of the year will see the " Leviathan" introduced to the deep. The present failure may certainly have tried the patience of the distinguished visitors, though they cannot have anticipated anything very exciting from a giadual motion which was to last two days and a night. Like the Atlantlic Telegraph, the great ship must look for success to a secord trial. We seem to have been a little unfortunate in our grandiose schemes of late. The Valentia cable has parted, "Big Ben " has cracked, and now the " Leviathan" will not budge. If we add to these the colapse of that elaborate structure the Sepoy army, we have a pretty good list of failures for 185T. However, when the strong man sees an obstacle he feels that he is on the threshold of an achievement. The breaking of the cable in the Atlantic will doubtless lead to inventions that will enable us to lay cables everywhere. The stoppage of the great ship on her ways will teach us how to launch dozens of great ships in future. In these things we confess to being optimists. The most dangerous part is that of a prophet prophesying negatives. It is not so long ago that locomotives were pronounced absurdities, and the Electric Telegraph was looked upon as an ingenious toy. Every succeeding triumph of marine architecture has been look-ed upon with nistrust, which success has continually dissipated. The Great Western, the Great Britain, and the Himalaya, have one after another caused the wise and cautious to shake their heads. The great ship, we hope and believe, is destined to a prosperous career, and to be the model for many another giant of the seas. Nay, we can foresee a day when its primacy will have vanished, and when it will be remembered as a meritorious work of original conception, but surpassed by the subsequent progress of science. However, we have now to do with to-day, and we cannot but congratuiate the public on the completion of this stupendous work. India in four weeks, Australia in five-these are words of good omen to the world! :How all the deeds of war and diplomacy sin into insignificance compared with the effects produced by the progress of science ! Here is the world brought together and its peace secured by the application of mechanical laws, while the great and the good, and the noble and the powerfutl, have been trying in vain morality and reasoning, negotiation and treaties, for age upon age. We may well rejoice at such an event as the launch of this vast structure, and we have little doubt that we shall shortly rejoice at it. Putting aside the gain to commerce and civilization, it is plain thab the resuilt must be to strengthen and consolidate this widely extended empire. It has always been objected to theBritish dominions that they lie scattered over the globe, too far from the mother country and from each other to be useful in peace or secure in war. Thus India was in flames for weeks before we knew it and for months before we could remedy it. Thus the Cahie or the Maori may count upon his term of unpunished lawlessness. In a war with European coumtries, or with a combination of European countries, still further evils might be apprehended. But with the progress of science the world is becoming smaUer and our dependenoies mnore easily managed. Time and mind are working for us, This Indian revolt would have been a more terrible affair even ten years back, when ocean steamers and clippers were few. In a few years hence we may count on having made a corresponding advance. With a telegraph stretching westward to Newfoundland, and eastward to India and Australia; with "Leviathans" to carry our troops by sea, and railways to forward them by land, we may reckon on holding our own in quiet and security.
Mr. DIsRAELI has vindicated his claim to originality and fertility by making a speech which is not about the Indian Mutiny. However much the great events in the East may justly occupy the public mind, yet we can excuse a politician for thinking that he can say nothing new about them, and, consequently, returning to the homely subjects which interest a local audience. The member for Buckinghamshire is particularly happy in his provincial addresses-at least, it seems so to us, who are far from the spot, and only know them throuigh the medium of a report. There seems, as far as can be judged by style and matter, to be in the right hon. member's oratory a soul of agricultural feeling to which even hereditary squires do not attain. The actor who blacked himself aU over when he playedi OTHLlo did not throw himself more completely into his part thait does Mir. D1sRi a when he takes part as a county magnate in a rural display. Of any proceeding in which he takes part he is the lIffe and eoul-not as a politician, not as a leading man in the House of Commons, but from the intensity of interest which he appears to feel in corn and mangoldwurzel, and pigs and day labourers. The Amersham and Chesham Agricultural Association has just dined in the Town-hall of the former place. About 140 landlords and farmers were present, including Viscount CuiZow, who occupied the chair, and a number of distinguished rural personages. But Mr. DisnRAi was the most agricultural and squirearchical of all. No one else could have dilated so loftily and with such serious eloquence on the proceedings of the day. It required all the power of the statesman, the orator, and the novelist to represent the acts of the Amersham Association in a heroic light. Yet this was done by the member for lBuckinghamshire, and we of the press, who have been rmore than once guilty of sneering at similar istitutions, are covered with confusion. We are told that in the early part of the day fliro wm a, ploughing mtvh, in wlyih team engaged. Mr. DisRAmI was not present in the flesh at this spectacle, but experience told him what it must have been like. "From what I have seen " of the peasntry of the county of Bucks I am "sure that he who gained the prize did not "attain that distinction without a worthy "struggle." Such is the spirit and ambition and skill of a Buinnshi labourer, as testified to by the representative of the eounty and of the great Conservative party. Now, let us see what rewards this bold and gifted race are thought worthy to deserve when they add to their other merits faithfulness and untiring service during a long term of years. " Prizes amounting to 11. in "each case were given for rick-thatching and rick"building, and for length of servitude in one place "as male or female hired servants, or as agricul"tural labourers." The first prize for " female "hired servants" was given to RA.xni Ssmrr for 37 years' service with Mr. F. KrNoZU.s, while DANM CHmD and JsAnms DWIGnT" carried off "the principal prizes" among the agrecultural labourers-the former for 55 years' service with the Hon. C. C. CAVENDISH and the latter for 44 years' service with Mr. W. LoWNxszs. Nobly rewarded HAwwAn Smr and DANEL Cmn ! You, the former, became a "I female hired " serv'ant" when GZOuGE IV. had just mounted on the throne and Queen CAROLINE was bowingto the London mob. Through wbat Changes has the world passed while you have been qualifying yourself to receive your 20s. from the hands of the Rev. J. T. DRAxi in the year of grace 186 Coaches have gone out and railways have come in; Idngdoms have given place to republes, and republics have been changed to empires; sciences have grown up, religious sects have been founded, and the whole policy of your country and the world has been revolutionized, while you have been advancing to your great reward at the rate of nearly sevenpence a-year. But you, Diux CHnrD, stand a still more striling proof of the munificence of Buckinghamshire charity-the delieacy and good taste of Buckingbamahire squires. In 1802, just when our grandfathers made peace with " BONAPRTB," and Fox and EBSsmN visited the unknown capital cal1ed Paris, you took service as an agricultural labourer with the Hon. C. C. CAvxNDsui. Fpr this you on Tuesday last " carried off " one of the " principal " prizes" at the Arnersham Aociation. What glee there must have been on your countenance, what elasticity in your tread and in that of JAmES DwIGHT as yoU each pocketed the sovereign for which you began to qualify at the beginning of the century ! Tee poet regretted the days of childhood, when he "I saw untold wealth in one pound " one ;" but that happinees has been reserved for the evening of your days through the, watchfulness and discernment of the Amersham Assoeiation. MT. DISIAzu could not be silent on the noble and touching spectacle. Such eneouiragement of virtue must have the best effects both on individual and national character. "In this age of " progress and in this age of aswoiationr" exclaims the speaker with eloquent redundancy, "it is "at least very wisely comprehended that the "agricultural world should not be torpid." Can we mot facy the electric impulse, the perfect transport of activity, which must have been communieated to the surrounding population bythe reward& bestowed a few hours before ? There had been 95 prizes given, and fhe Rector had declared that he saw before hira 95 honest men. Here was an instanee of good feeling between elasses which malignant non-agricultura3 critics would do well to consider. "I think," continuea the speaker, " tnat any one who saw the "manner in which those prizes were received "mut have been convinced that this kind of reward is justly appreciated by the labouring "classes."' Well, we were not at Amersham, but we can well imagine the bearing of poor, grayheaded, toothlems DANiZr Cam. and his sister in long, dreary years of poveruy, HEANNAH S ,- how they would totter up, with humble sidelong glances, and stand as ifi no' knowing what to do with their hands and feet under a battery of eyeglasses, while the sonorous Rector proclaimed their fulfilment of the great moral duty of obeying everybody on all occasions during long lives of toil; -how, when the coin was put into their hands, they would bow and courteFsy low and frequently, until motioned away by the ohairman, or the clergyman, or a farmer, or a constable, or some old crone of their acquaintance. Such propriety of behaviour would no doubt receive the approbation of the amsembly which Mr. DiTsIuAm addressei. No one will accuse them of neglecting to inculcate the Christian virtues. Patience, humility, content with a hard lot, deference to superior authority., we may well conceive to be common topics with these moralists in their converse with thr labourer. So, no doubt the recipients of the sovereigns and the new coats behavod satiafactorily, and the Association was highly pleased. But when Mx. DISRAELI goes out of his way to attack us we are obliged to respond to the ehallenge. Carried away by the sight of so much humility and gratitude, the orator exclaims, " Nothing can be more miserable than the " criticisms which rewards of this kind have "received in the public newspapers vhen they "ridicule the idea of giving perhaps 5Os. for "50 years' faithful service." He then goes on to compare such gratuities with the Orders of the Garter and the Bath and with good-service pensions in the army. Now, it is many years since we first questioned the taste and good-feeling of offering these so-called rewards to aged labourers, and time has not changed our opinion. The comparison between these paltry gifts and the honours of the State we leave to the common sense of mankind. A man would be proud if his father had earned the Bath or the Victoria Cross, or a good-service pension, but can we fancy any one risen from a humble station who would not endeavour to conceal the fact that his father had in the extreme of old age been cal}ed up before a set of squires and farmers, and, while the plates were being laid for dinner and the port got out of thle cellar, had been presented -with a pound and a pair of breeches? No; there are some rewards which confer pride and happiness, others that to a self-respecting spirit must burn like vitriol. We cannot but regret that the gentlemen of England should have taken to the distribution of these sorry doles. That they are offered without a scruple and accepted without a blush is, to us, one of the moat melancholy facts in the history of our time.
That particular branch of the national accounts which falls under the superintendence of the REhiGsTRAR-GENBRRA_ is kept with great ability and success. Items are promptly entered, returns 2cientifically digested, and a balance strack at very short dates. Already we know the rate at which births and deaths proceeded in England up tothe 30th of last September, and we have an accurate statement of marriage transactions up to the 30th of June previous. It happens, too, that the results are generally favourable, and that the condition of the country, relatively speaking, is such as to inspire satisfaction. The marriagei exceed the average of the quarter for the last ton years-a sure proof of popular prosperity and well-doing. The births exceed in number any previous return for the like period, while the deaths amount to less than the average mortality of the season. If we add to these amnouncOMentO tUlt tho price of wleat is I1 per cent., Of beef 8i per cent., and of mutton 4 per cent. below the average of the two summer quarters last past, we shall have said enough to sstablish the agreeable character of the return before uis. As our readers were presented with the details themselves in our columns of yesterday it is unnecessary to enter upon any recapitulation of items; but one or two points of peculiar interest deserve attention. The season has been a remarkable one. go very modem is the science of statistics that trustworthy records of temperature do not extend to a remoter period than the year 1771, but the 86 years which have elapsed since that date present very few examples of greater heat than prevailed last quarter. In the whole of that interval 13 years only have been found in which a July was hotter than the July of 185', and sis years only in which the September exceeded in temperature the September of the present year. As to our month of Augst, it carries off the palm without a rival, so warm an August having never been known. Taking the three months together, the average temperature prevailing is exceeded by that of one year only out of all the 86viz., the year 1818. It may surprise some of our readers to learn that, as a general rule, there is no month out of the twelve in which a thermometer placed with its bulb upon the grass does not show a fall of the mercury below the freezing point at some moment or other; but it is now recorded as a notable fact that during the quarter last past this never happened at all-or, at least, did not occur at the place where observations, were taken., The rainfall does not appear to have been excessive; indeed, it seems. to have been, reserved for the present quarter. JTuii and Augusttogether were not so wet as usuaL-September ssmewhat wetter, but not much so. Now, the question is, -what effect was produced by these atmospheric conditions on. the public health, and it certainly does not appear, on the whole, to have been an unfavourable one. The RIEGIsTRuA-GEnxUnL, indeed, distinctly enunciates the doctrine that " a summer of unusual warmth " in. our European climates not only promotes the " growth of corn and wine, but is probably aalu"tary to the human frame." This proposition, however, is dependent on certain conditions. Perhaps we may discern some evidence of its general kruth in the fact that the deaths of the quarter reaUy were below the average, but we are told that they exceedbd the rates of the two previous summers, and ittappears beyond doubt that diseases were prevalent indicating. an unusual action of the sun. To deprive olar heat of its injurious powers we need only pay attention to the riues of cleanliness. The un's rays have no noxious properties in them: elves; they are fraught naturally with vital warmth and comfort only; it is when they are permitted to act upon undrained soil or decaying efuse that pestilential exhalations are produeod. The REGISTRAR-GsNRAL takes more account -of our khortcoraings than our performances in the way. of 'anitary improvements, and records with a moniiory severity the. avoidable loss of life duriDgethe last quarter. According to his figures, upwards of 17,000 of the deaths. in England duringthis period may be regarded as untimely. Probablyno war ever cost us so much in the same space-of time. If something has beea done, therefore, Museh more remains for us to do, and we are urged, above all things, to establish, pure water supplies-aud good sy4erms of drainage. These are the first rules of sanitary science, and we may well, be shamed into wisdom by the barbaric Chese, whose rivers, even amaid the population swarmIng on their banks, are still kept uninfected; and wholesome. It is impossible to overestimate the importance of these observances. Tne deadliest scourges of humanity are not, as we-have repeatedly observed, those tremendous epidemics which expend their fury in short periods and at considerable intervals What we have most to fear is the quiet incessant march of death under ordinary forms, but in default oE sanitary precauhions. The low wasting fever in its various types, the many shapes of ague, and the thousand phases of general infirmity resulting from impurties of air and water-these are the agents -.hich, without always operating immodiately to the destruetion of life, infallibly, curtail i;ts duration and unremittingly impair the vital powers, The REGIsrTnR-GEwnzAa speaks with a terrible comprehensiveness in enforcing the maxirs of cleanliness. " If," says be, " the " English race coiid lose strength, beauty, health, "9 and life in the impurities of its dweling-places " with impunity, the imagination of Swrrr alone "could conceive-his pencil depict-thde depth of "degradation to which the nation might falL" There is more truth in this kind of, warning than in most suich prophecies. It is a common thing enough for enthusiasts of all soi*s to connect national ruin with inattention to bheir own sayings; but we need little reflection ti. assure us that the destinies of England must indeed depend upon. the vigour of Englishmen, and the vigour of Eng-_ lishmen upon the conditions of English life. The acuteness of modern observers has brought the fruits of the year into immediate connexion with the subjects of the REGmISRAr-GZExNuM'S roturns ; so completely so, indeed, that the prices of various articles of food are recorded with as much interest as the numbers of marriages or births. We have already said thatt vheat and butcher's meat have become cheaper than they were, but, on the other side, ther is a ser.ous. decrease in the potato crop. Potatces are now costing nearly half as much again as they did two years ago, the difference bcr.g no less than 42 per cent. in favour of 1855. Nor is the loss merely one of aliment, simply cmisidered. The fact is that the potato discharges a. very important and necessary function in the miushment cf man. It is an excellent anti-sco2butic, and unless its action in this respect can bo replaced by that of some other vegetable the V;eatest abundance of bread and meat will not xn?ke up for the deficiency. Fortunately the crop. of apples has. been plentiful in the extreme, and ihe cheapness co this wholesome fruit may help to establish tL. desirable equiliblium in our elements of food. Tlne actuai increase of thQ population ix. the 'United Kingdom may probably be compu.ed at 1,000 souls a-day, but against this must be set the efflux of people by emigration. The returns from the porth at which Government eoaigration(ffices are stationed show that some-what above 50,000 emigrants left these shores during the peried under review, b-at it is calcuated that of these only some 20,000 were of English origin. The tide still sets towards the United States, but by no means so strongly as in former years. Not quite half of the English emigrants betook themselves to the territories of the Union, while almost half-8,947-proceeded to Australia, and 1,707 to our own North American colonies. Such are the principal features of the last return, and if there is still much in our sanitary position to be deplored and amended there is also much to be thanlkful for in the actual state of : ffair. In reality, we have done and are doing a respectable anmount of work in the way of sanitary improvement, but the arrears of past years were so vast, and the tendency of people to uiaction or indifference, except under immediate pressure, is so Atrong, that the REGISTR.AR-GENERAL peifornis a very prudent part in kee.pini our omissions and, oaw obligatiotn promiuejitly bofvre our Qs,
ATEBMPTIgD LjAUNCO Of fiHB GRZA2' IgASTEBO. Yesterday morr&g the first atterapt iyas made t*y lower this colossal steasehip at MiwvZ into th-a river. It was the first attempt, and only, ma attempt, for from one cause and another the efort to move her beyond a few feet totaly failed, and tht gigantic vessel, which ere this xhothd bave been a "monster of the deep," remains as fim, if not firrer than ever upon the river's bank. For another month at leaai if not for a longer period, the launch has beern postponed, and the 2d of December has been fixed as the earliest period on which the next effort can ba made. Owing to the uncertainty which appeared to' prevail even in the minds of those most intimatell connected with the company as to the day wheir the attempt to lower the ship was to be made, tbe public were most unsetled in their notions, and up to Monday it was generally believed that the laanch was not to take place for some time. The' attendance, therefore, of the usual sightseers whicl one always meets at such exhibitions in the metropcis was very limited, and, with a few notable exceptions, the assembly to witness the proceedings seemeed chiefly belonging to the working elass. There was rather a strong minter of engineersand scientific gentlemen, not only from all parts of England, but even from France, Germany, America, and Russia, butiof mere fashionable men, or memberz of the ariseracy, the number wa extremely limited. The Count De Paris with the' Duke lYAumase and several liench gentlemen were early on the ground, and watched every movement: in the day's proceedings withi the deepest interest. The Siamese ambassadors with a numnerous retinue were also preeset, and for a time drew off attention even from the mountainous, vesel which seemed to shut in, the whole yard.. The principal personage among these rather remarkable foreignerw was attired in' a gorgeous robew of cloth of gold, bat the dress- of most of the attkc463s to the embassy was extemely simple,, being for the mot part composed of common printed cottons. Allof them smokediand chattered incesantly, and appeared far frorn being indifferent to the observation they e=ited among the sp,ectators. So, grtified, indeed, did they suem by it thatt the attention which they paid to' the proceedings- of the day wax quite subordinate' to their efforts to display thermselves to a British] public with adfantage and efTict. Consequently their first appearauace ww- attended with considerable &cldt and success. Althe houses in the: neighbourhood Witich comman&ed a good view into the yard were surmounted' with scaffolding for the accomnodation of, the throng of visitors who were expected on thb- occasion to overran the Isle of Dogs, but, who, neverthelee, it,'was evident, for the most partinfinitely preferred staying away. At all events, the wide expanse of planks and boards was- almost wholly untenanted thrcughout the day, which certainly in manyv oaes was a sxoe of i comforbt to the lookers-on;, for some of the seatg were but' ill calculated to 3upport the weightof half the people they vaunted tooccommodate. The-einflux of'pedestrlans who stood! in all the streets-around the yard with their eyes-intently fixed upon the vessel vws very great. fb also steamboats andawherries, laden almost to the water's edge, covered'the river,and au along the whaer-and works at Depgford the margin of the Thames was thronged witW crowds, fon the great vessel towered like a mountain of iron high' over all around, and could be distinctly seen from both sides of the river. During, the whole of Monday night- the workmen were- retained in the yard removing the struts aad' shores which sapported her on-the side towards the river, and before- dawn yesterday morning the ihst beam had bsen entirely tahcn away. Then, forr the first time, the whole length of the vessel4 from stem to stern,, was visible without the flightest-break. The graceful sweep of- her lines, the cloarr sharp run of thle bows anti sweep of the stern. could be appreoiated at a glance. The last supports were not removed until every precaution had] been taken to ascertain that she was securely stayed by her chwck tackle, andrthat there there w-as no fear of her zmddenly gliding down the "c ways-"and launching herself. From the articles whioh have appeared in this journaltour readers inusBhbe quite famiLlar with the peculiar. construction ot' the launchimg ways, and also here derived a correct general idea of the nature-of the tackle by.which she was ~o be lowered Into the water. It may, however, be as well to brieflFt mention again these mechanical appliances, and the manner in which each acted; First, then,. on ths, river side four large lighters were moored ia.. the tideway, and weomed with cra" and sheaves. upon the chains, which were fastened to the ve-sad amii h1ps. Each of these four lighters was capable of applying. a strain of 60 tons, all of which was to be used to draw the vessel down the launching ways in case of any con7tretcm.s which might prevent her running. Two lighterewere also moored at the stem and two at the steraiof the vessel. The chains passing frm the ship to, these latter were returned again onshore, so as to be worked. with a double purchaae. Small stnionary engirs on land were usedl to haul in these, and mode the whole force avalable to pull the vessel off the shore upwards of 60X tons. These were the means tahan to draw hle down to the waten> but the greatast efforts of MN. Branel were, of coarse, concentra.ed in the cb3ek tackle which was. to pull her. back and provent her dashing into the rivea at the foarful momentum of 12,000 tons weigit, sliding down an mincline of I in 12. For this purpose two mosah powerful dcl.sr had been constructed, V which the cradles ware attached by enormcts sheavea,or pulleys of cast iron, expressly cast.Ior this pArpose, and Wighing five ins each. One sheava was fastened, to each cradj, and wro-ught iron, ehain cables of; the largest six connecteti these witjN two other sha&ves, each ofiwhich was secured to. the drum, which paid outi the chain, and, in f32t, regulated t~io whole opQotion. Thase drums sAad the frameyszk on whic4a they rest,having to bear the strain, of the whole, ass in motion, extraordinary pre!z%utions were biken to remer them as, massive as they ;could be made by an: Fknown cora,. bination o4wood and iror, The shap% was that of zn ordinary zeel, the ax1k% of which was formed by beams o5U timber and asips of wroZeght iron bound togethcq so as to fornr a drum about 20 feea long and nine feet in dimeter. a- each end 3f the cylin.ber are the wba-els of the drum or discs7 10 feet in diameter, eaclb of solid iuon and weighing upwards of 20 tos, so thai the weight of each dum is more than r0 tona iu al. The axle of the disc is set iA a frame of iron, while around its outer edge passes a band of wrought iron to work in the manuer of a friition clutch or break. This, with the aid of strong iron levers 20 feet long, brings sach a pressure to bear upon the disca of the drum asi to lower its rate of rovolutions, or entirely stop them in case of the chain being paid out too fast. These drams were set in a solid bed of wood formed by driving down masses of piles into the gravel, so as to form a mass of timber 20 feet square. This is bound together with iron, and ! strong shores pass from the cube of piles to the bed of piles on which the launching-ways are built. So that, in fact, no matter what the strain, it was impossible for the setting of the drums to give, unless the wlhole river's bank gave way with them. One of these drums is built opposite each cradlethe chains used between them and the cradles are the chain cables of the great ship iFself, -which uo 25 inch iau diameter, or aboQwt GOlb. the link. Be- tfwfn eseb dram and the cndle on -hich the vieset tested a hydrshelic raw was fhxe to cc ar?' her. That at the forWard end gave a pro3oure of 600 tbns, the one at the sterm E,000. - The Iaunch was fzed- to tommenor et 11 o'clock lmut things were not za%nged for the asbving of thee rwonster when that thie came. Gssf of nien wee employed in haulinchuins, in clearibg away the dightest obstacle upon ttie- ways, and ,5vitg the metal3 the-finol coating dowtiaof black lead and (ii Mr. Brauel's position was hif'up in a littl' ros trum fixedl on- the inner aide oftle vesseL Oh, t4fw spot he wain- a line with ther oonspicuous meXt'k which hadaeci erected on eaclsE side of the e1ip and facing hitn- ons Mr. Penn's facetb on the otl)r side of the river; From this point iiv was to rega.' late the advance-of otem and stern bysignals, whiche Were communica0& to the gangs of 'trkmen, both. to pull her off and, hd her back by reans of flags -a white flag being the signal to haul ttgether, and a red one to cease on all points. It was nearly half-past 12, and tl e public was beginning to yawn and manifest impatienDe, when they were somewrhat appeaed by seeing ths chri6te3ing bottle of wine, gdily decorated with' 3.owerr, carried forward to the stem of the vessel. Hiere it was soon suspended, and' Mis Hope, the dauqter of the chairman of the- Great Eastern Compan., giving it a hearty swing,daabed the wine ovef the bowT of the vesuel and bad- " The Leviathan`%od speed, amid the cheers of thousands. In 1>fb2moments afterwards the Word was passed to commence the launch. At the signaa the lighters lon'lj, but steadily commenced to haul taught their tacMe' from the river, which it was-thought would of iteeff be suffielent to bring the vasseli gently down. It appeared; however, to have- no- ed6ect beyond once, or twice producing in the vessel itself a sullen. rumbling noise like distant thunder as the great, strain toldi upcn her hulL It remined thus torabout 10 minubes Expectationvwas wound up to the highest pitch, when the pecaliar-ising noise of the hydraulie rams at work tt pueh her of was heard. We-should have mentionedlthat each of the drums was constructed so as to' be turned by ordinary windlasses, in order to 'vwnd up the slack chain between-the- drums and the-cmadles, otherwise if any slack ws left -when thew hydraulic rams stated the vemel' it would run it rapidly out, and Ifesven only knowm the consequences that might ennse.. When- the "c rams" began, to work the order- was- distinctly given to "-wind up" -meaning to coil in this slack betreen- the dram and,the cradle. Tilis was acordingly done at the forward drum, but,, unfortunately,. asr the. stern of the vessel the men. did precisely the reverse, and unooiled-more slaclekohain. Among: the number of engineers who were lookieg on the-danger of this was seen at a glancw. but there was no official to check the men, who seemed ordinary " navvies." Suddenly, there- was- a cry of " She moves, she moves!"- the forepart'of the vessel slipped,,aad the stern rushed'down- apidly. It seentedto -slips ome three- or four feetin the space of a couple-of sesondx, hi - con-eqaence of the slack chaix. from the after drum-offering not- the least check. Inan-instant the sbtraicame a- upe the drum, whioc-lwas doagged round, and of course, as that wag connected, with the windlass by- multiplying wheels, the latter turned-' some 10f- or 15 times- for, every foot the drumi moved. The mmn at the windlass-madly trie-1 to hold it, but-the heavy iron handle-flow-round.like lightning, striing them and hurling-five or six high into the air. as if they had been blown up by, some powerfulDexplo3ion. A panioseemed to spre&d as this shocking:accident took place, and the-men stationed-at the-tackde and fall of. the level nmxt the windlss - ruahed away. Forately, mosetfortunately, for the- lives of hundreds of the spectators, the men at thelever at the other side of the drum stood- firm, and-hauling Dn their tackle drew their lever up and appkled the break on the drusnwith such terrific -force-hat the ship.instantly stopped, though sheo-eemedto quiver ander the sudden, check as if- she had received a heavy blow, anda,the check tackle-aad massive pile of timber which restrained the drans straiedMandibly. The whole of this-took place in-the courieof two or tiree seconds. The vessel dropped, the- men were harled from the windlass, aud with a heavmrumbling noise the tremandous struce was- still on the "4 ways" again, almost before the spectatoc had time to imagine what had occurred. For axmoanent there was rather a-panic, and a disposition to run from the spot, but it was only momentary,. Four of the men who were-injured were-carrled off-to the Poplar Hospital at . once, and a fifth, who seamed to have sustained some severe internal hurt, was afterwards obliged to be-assisted from.the yard. This melaacholy occurmuce seemedls to exercise a most depressing effect, especially upon the workmen, though the-tremendous arain to which the dram was exposed, pnd which even with the friction of only one break proved sufficient to check tbevessel with a great and unexpected momeatum on her,, showed that th% - check tackle was all- that could, be desired. AP examiation of thG- place where the accident occurred showed tbat, the tootaied wheels of the windlass (which seemed totally insufficient in mxntiplying power to enzble the men.to exerciae any chock upon. the revoluticn.of the drm-a) were broken, ane. apppared so out of- gear thatzthey were almot-useless. Beyond thks damage, which was of not- the. least importance, the rest of the apparatuscf. the, drum and fram,Mwork waaas firm as ever. The ves:sa it was found had slipped down the waxysabou 4iree feet at tae forward, dr-nm, and 4 feet 3inc&m 'at the one fioil aft. Ths stern had prog_asse4d of course, abo';t 6 feet towards the river. All this took place before a-quarter b. 1 o'cock, and it was 2 before everything was ageap;j roady to move he: still furthei down the ways, Before that time tha weather, 'w-hih at no period, hadbwn very favourable, became, still worse, anu, the littie drops of rai which had now and then fallen at short intervala gave placo to a regular, steady drizzle, so th,-. the public looked wvith unuu,zl impatience to tlb. launching. efforts. At a Lan minutes after 2 tclock the nvu were all again s$ their posts, and the isignal was ai5en to recommece. This time eveWprecautionwas taken to pre-ernt a loop of slack l the chain, agadin occurrig All the lighlters fa the rive got their haulWg tajkle in order, nd Degan taO strain upon the xessels but without uub , the least apparent impressjou. The tide was then withiA a few feet ao its highest, and it bocame evident to all conerned that if the vessel was to be moved at aU that day no time was to be lost. Again from out of the dense mass of timber of the cradles camne the little hissing noise at regular intervals which told that the enormous pressure of the hydraulic rams was found requisite to start herstill, in spite of all, she never moved or showed t4e slightest syniptom of being at all affected by the terrific pressure which was applied to her. Aftex the pressure with the rams had been continuedsome time a rather loud crash was heard among the timbers of the foremost cradle, and sont men an froni it. What it really was did not itanspire, but it was nothiDg of importance. The stationary engine which, as we have mlenlioned, was put to haul upon the chains to the bows atlast gave way, and the chain itself sniapped in two, though not until some of the teeth of the wheels of the engine, as we were inform-ed, had also broken before the strain. At the S-aue time a pin in the piston rod of the foremost hydraulic ram also gave way, and these two accidents wero irreparable. The signal was made to cease hauling, and in a numnute or so afterwards the officials of the com- pany anniouniced that the launch was over "for ille day." The yard was then cleared ot
ARRIVAL OF TEBE MAILS AND PASSEN- GERS FROM INDIA. SOUTHAMPTON, TUESDAY. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's stasmship ('olombo, Captain J. S. Field, arrived in the river early this aorning, from Alexandria, with the heavy portions of the India and China mails in charge of Lieutenant Scriven, R.N., Admiralty agent. She came into dock aboat 10 o'clock, and landed her passengers. The Colombo's -sailing dates are-Alexandria, October 21 ; Malta, 24; and Gibraltar, 29. She experienced Sne weather in the Mediterranean and along the coasts of Spain and Portugal; across the Bay of Biscay and uD channel, light winds and a heavy north-westerly swell. On the 29sh the Colombo exchanged coloars with the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Indus in lat. -37.1 N., long. 2.20 E.; and on the 30th vith the screw -steamer Lebanon, in lat. 38.4 N., long, 9.18 W. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Sultan was at Alexandria when the Colombo left, expecting to leave for Southampton In a day or two, and to bring home Invalided troops from Malta. Her Majesty's ship Tartarus was at Alexandria; Vultare, Desperate, Hibernia, Vigilant, and Coquette at Malta; and Curlew at Gibraltar. Lord Lyons's squadron had arrived at Candia, and was expected to leave soon for Malta for the winter. Gibraltar advices are to the 29th, five days later thaa those brought by the Tagus. The sum of 7041. 17s. 6d., the -a mount of subscriptions received in the garrison for the relief of the sufferers by the Indian mutinies, had been for warded to the Lord Mayor of London. Two naval engi.neer officers had been ordered to proceed to England to wvitness the launch of the Great Eastern. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Indus, with the India and China mails of the 20th ult., arrived at Gibraltar on the afternoon of the 25th, in five days from Southampton. She resumed her voyage to Malta and Alexandria during the night. The Gibraltar Chronidc publisbes the following further partleIlars relative to the Turkish line-of-battle ship Bethie, --of 106 guns, Calatain Salaabas, whose damage in rough wea- ther has been already reported:- " It seems that, when the boats froma the port of Figueras which put off to her assistance arrived alongside the vessel she was towed nearer to the ooast and there anchored, her raught of water (37 feet English) preventing ber being brought to a safer anchorage in the river. She is a noblelooking vessel, and has on board nearly 1,000 souls. It yvas about 40 days after she left Constantinople for London that she encountered a heavy storm near Cape Finisterre, In which she lost her rudder and had her mast carried overboard. As soon as the liner was anchored, an officer belonging to the ship left f or the Ferrol to procure means of towing her to that arsenal. In the meantime the crew were landed -and ercamped on the beach, leaving only a guard on board. Few details respecting this disaster are known as 3et, bat is Is said that, in consequence of a mutiny on board, upwards of 200 of the crew deserted In the ship's boats." On freight the Colombo brings three packages of specie, value 5,2661.; and a cargo consisting of 2,099 bales of silk 31 cases of shawls, 2 boxes of shells, 3 cases of tortolseshell, 1 box of ivory, 1 case of plants, 4 boxes of despatches, 103 packages of parcels, and 41 packages of general merchandise. The Colombo has a total of 135 passengers (viz,, 65 firstclass, 37; second, and 33 children), among whom are hiSerene Highness Prince Victor of Hohenlohe, Lieutenant R.N., Major-General Stratton, Captain Chambers, R.N., leautenant Collinson, R.N., Mr. Woodgates, secretary to the Government at Hongkong, Captain Jackson, RN., of Her Majesty's ship Desperate. Colonel Goodenough, R.A., 4--o. A complete list of the passengers from India and China was published In last Saturday's Times ; the remainder we from Alexandria and Malta. Several refugees from India have come home by thii steamer, some of them having had very narrow escapes fro;n sharing the melancholy fate to which so many hundreds of the British residents have been doomed, while others are the -immediate relatives of those whose lives have been sacrificed. Among the most prominent of these cases the following may be mentioned:-Miss Graham, -whose father, it will be remembered, was shot by her sids as they were making their -escape, when, by climbing over the side of the vehiole, the young lady miraculously succ6aded in saving her life;, they ,had been residents at Sealcote, in the Puniab. Mrs. Baker, who was burnt out at Cawnpore, and narrowly escaped with amer life. Mrs. Bunbury and Mrs. Norris, who were secreted and hunted about ia the jungle for a month, and finally freed themselves from the dangers to which they had been so long exposed. Mrs. Warden, the widow of Major Warden, wbo died at sea, on board the steamer that was -conveying them from Calcutta to Suez. Mrs. Owen, the wife of Sergeant Owen, of the 59d Queen's Regiment, and {ate Superintendent of Roads between Peshawur and Lahore; in the month of May they were compelled to fly -for their lives, their youngest child being at the time only 14 days old. The sergeant, who is come home also, is -suffering from mental- affliction, caused by a sunstroke, as we 'were informed. Miss Clara Dunbar, aged 10 years, :daughter of Captain Dunbar, of the 10th Queen's, who was killed by the mutineers at Arrah on the 29th -of July. Miss Nina Bailey, aged six years,thedaughter -of Captain Bailey, of the 7th Bengal Native Infantry, which regiment muatinied at Dinapore, and her mother has since died. The two last-named young ladies have come home in the care of attendants. The cases of Mra. Bunbury anvd mrs. Norris, we understand, excited great sympathy in Calcutta, and Lord Canning tendered them every possible assistance in hts power. A meeting of ladies orn board thi Colombo was held in the vsaboon on the 23d ult. at sea, near AMalta, frs. Baker, the wife of Major Baker, of the Bengal Cavalry, in the chair. They were addressed by Captain Field, the commander of the ship, who recommended the formation of a committee -of ladies on board each voyage to make inquiries among the passengers with a view of discovering any parties requiring -assistance and relieving them. He handed over to them a *,box of clothing which he bad received from the London Ladies' Committee, and also a box of warm clothing from the ladies of Southaimpton; and further stated that a lady -idn gentleman of Southampton were anxious to adopt an *orphan child whose father had fallen in India. The meetiag adjourned till the following day, the 24th, when it was reyorted that three cases had beer, discovered requiring relief, which was accordingly ad: inistered to the parties, who subsequently iu the mest grateful manner expressed their -thanks. OD the arrival of the Colombo in dock this morning the .tayor and other members of the Local Relief Committee went on board, rnd the three cases in question being brought -to their notice, they availed themselves of the firsbt oppor4unity which has yet occurred hy appropriating two 101. and one 5t. notes to the assistance of the respective -gssrtios. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ rspetv Mr. Clarke, landing waiter, and other officers of Customs -at Southampton, ren,dered ever,y facility in their power for 4be speedy landing and transmPission Of the passengers and rtheir baggage.
ExRRATA.-IU our summary of American intelli,gence by the N' agra, a portion of which was transmitted by telegra.h, the following errors occurred :-In the quotaLtion from the New York Times respecting exchamge, for " at 102, &o.," read " at ItlI to 102, &c." ; in ' the aexport of specie for the week was $102,000 against $154,000 for same period last year," read " against $31,554,000 last year,' &o. In the quotation from the lVew Y1rre Jorurnal of Commcrce for " the week opens -with a buoyant feeling," read " with a more buoyant feel- n." For " Lutcher Wrightson's Bank," read " Luther, *Yxight, and Son's Bank ;" for " Patey and Hawkins," read {' Oakey and Hawkins ," for " Greenhow," read " Green2:10gb;" for " Teseon and Dangenr," read " Teesons and .Dangen ;" for " at New Orleans, lliquel and Co.," read at Philadelpbia, Farnham, Kirkham, and Co. ; Raiquel ond Co." The s->ntence, " the State banking institutions of ;St. Loui3 had opened a depository for the adjoining State," ,ohould read "the Stato banking institutions of St. Lnais bad opened a depository for the currency of the adjoining State." The telegram rid HZalfx should be dated " New York, Oct. 22, p.m."
TIHE INDIAN M¢7UTINIES. The following is an extract from a letter wnitten by a gentleman travelling with Sir James Outram'a force to Cawnipore " Maharajpore, Sept. 14. (Posted at Cawnpore Sept. 15.) "I have reached my old factory. The compound is one mass of jungle, with every here and thero a brolken door or n half-burnt timber or manufacturing Implement, all the buildinge burnt to the ground, and of the house there are only left three rooms that I built. Sissoopore, where Caude was, has also been burnt to the ground. Nudjuffghur has not been burnt, but everything, to the doors, has been carried away; the remaining two factories have been protected by the zemindars of the placoe. Yesterday, in broad dayligbt, a band of 500 robbers, beaded by their zemindar, came to plunder a village, the zemindar of which came to the camp for help, which, however, was not given him; and to-day, in talling of it with the people here, they told me that this very man keeps 800 matchlock men expressly to plunder his neighbours. I have heard of another band near one of the factories of this concern. The Thanadar of Nudjuffghur, who came to see me, says that his authority is only partially acknowledged here and there, and set at defiance in some villages. The collections all over the country are at a dead stand." I Xudjuffghur was the pDoperty of Mr. William Vincent.
CA WNPORE MEMORIAL CHURCH. TO THiE EDITORT OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Mr. Christopherson, to whom the public Is indebted for the first suggestion of a monument in {he form of a church to our slaughtered countrymen at Cawnpore, ha3 a plain right to protest against such a church being perverted to the purposes of any mere sect or party. I am an.xious therefore to explain to him, and to your readers generally, that in confiding their subecriptions for the erection of memorial churches at Delhi and Cawnpore to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel the public need be under no apprehension of committing themselves to any prinoiple or practice at variance with the sound and sober teaching of the Church of England. If the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel has come forward to offer itself as the trusi e of the fund, it is because its own missions have been destroyed and the blood of ita missionaries shed in the cities where the proposedi monumental churches are to be erected. If that society be, as is alleged, " ordinarly identIfied with extreme ecclesiastical view," I can confidently assert that it is not justly no identified. Indeed, it is a distinctive characteristic of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel that ithas of itsown accord giventhe fullest security against any party bias in the appointment of missionaries by providing in one of its by-laws " that no candidate for any missionary employment be accepted by the society without a recommendation in writing from a board of examiners, consisting of five clergymen annually appointed by tbe Archbishops of Canterbury and York and the Bishop of London for the time being." Whatever, therefore, be the supposed bias of individual members of the society, and with whatever extreme views the society itself be " ordinaril identified," it has actually debsared itself from giving effect to any such views by devolviag the examination and approval of aU missionary candidates who may present themselves in this country on a board of examiners nominated not by itself, but by the chief bishop of the church. Of the two martyr missionaries of Cawnpore the Rev. W. H. Haycock was examined, approved, and ordained by the Bishop of Calcutta, and the Rev. H. E. Cockey by the Bishop of Madras on behalf of the Metropolitan, and it would be contrary to the invarlable rule of the society to allow any missionary clergman to offioiate at Delhi or Cawnpore without the approval and license of the Bishop of Calcutta. The society is at this time anxiously looking out for well qualifled men whom it may commend to Bishop Wilson to fill the places made vacant by the awful death of Its young and devoted missionaries; and thankiul indeed wvll it be to any one who can bring under its notice candidates of a spirit akin to that of Henry Martyn and Reginald Heber. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. ERNRST IIAW WTR S. L. TO TRE EDITOR OF THE TIM:ES. Sir,-I entirely subscribe to MIr. Christopherson's remark (in his letterto you to-day), that theCawnpore Church should not be mixed up with the *' wrangle of sects," and that, as a work of the Church of England, it is desirable to keep the movement out of the control of extrerae hands. But I cannot subscribe to the assertion that the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel is an unfit body to be intrusted with the undertaking. If, as Mr. Christopherson states, this society be ordinarly, then I Esy it is erroneously identified with extreme ecclesiastical views, as must be apparent to any one who wiU carefully acquaint himself wvith its constitutioa bnd principles. No stronger proof can be given of the soclety's Impartiality than the nmode in which It sends forth its missionaries from England, for these are selected, not by a com. mittee appoinited by the society, but by a board of examiners, which board is nominated by the two Archbishops and the Bishop of London for the tmie being. Anytbing fairer or less party-lik-e than this cannot be conceived. The theological bias of the three present occupants of the sees of Canterbury, York, and Lndon is a gaarautee against extreme appointments in the direction to which Mr. Christopherson points, As further evidence of the breadth of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel and of its desire not to be the organ of any section, but of the Church of England as a whole, I would refer to the Eist of the committee, on which are exponents of all shades of feeling. I happen to have had special opportunities of observing the principles on which the society acts, and I therefore unhesitatingly affirm that, if it be an objeot (as it certainly should be) to furtber this memorial church scheme through a non-party channel, the very broadest is that of the Gospel Propagation Society. There is also a manifest fitness in committing this work to the Society in question, arisiag from the fact that it had a mission at Cawinpore, which, like the Societys Delhi mission as vwell. hls been quenched in blood, its members being aunong the CawYpore martyrs. Let us give, then, to the Society the opportunity of heaping coals of fire on the heFds of its enemies. One point more. It can scarcely fall to strike the readers of Mr. Christopherson's letter that the writer is not quite consistent in first objecting to an extreme control and then proposing, "as better still than placing the apyointmetst of the misslonary in tie hands of the present bishops of the Indian dioctses," to give the nommnation to "good Dr. Wilsono." Thts picking out one particular individual for patron wears the very aspect of one-sidedness and narrowness 'which Mr. Christopherson deprecates. Tl entemsn frankly states that he is not an Epino- is evidently does not insure moderation and tolerance, for there are indications in his letter that extreme opinions pruvail without as well as wltbin an Episcopal comnunion. Theology, as well as the eoth, Mr. Chritopherson should remember, has more than one nole. It would he a pity, after doing good servlie by exciting public interest in a righteous and noble project, that Mr. .hrstophersol should unintention3lly mislead the people of England as to the tree character of the institution through which it is promsed to carry on this hallowed enterprise. -I aw, Sir, yolir obedisnt aevaisf_ A SUSSEX INCUMBENT, -Nov. X. b3ecretary to the Society for Propagating the GospeL 79, Pall M.l, Nov. 2. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TES. Sir,-I should be eorry thst the excellent project of the Cawnpore church should fall to the ground from the unhappy odsum theologicum. Your correspondent of to-day endeavours to damp the efforts of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in that direction, by stating that it is a society associated with extreme ecclesiastical views. Allow me to assure him and the public generally that he Is quite misinformed. The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel recognizes no party in the Church. She does not diotate her own private views of doctrine to her missionaries. She pays those whom her bishops nominate, and it is notorious that she cordially supports everybody of whatever school of theology, provided that he Is willing to sign theThirty-nine Articles andsubmit to episcopaldLsilpne. It is therefore most probable that if the church was built under her ausploes the nomination of the incumbent would rest with " the good Dr. Wilson." I remain, Sir, your obedient servant. W. J., late M Msq70n ..m th? 0oo0oey tor tme 1ropagation of the &ospel. Nov. 2. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIU'ES. Sir,-Your correspondent who designates hq'; self "A Curate," in .isrring to the proposal of " H. 2.," recommends "tha ot an rdinsry church but a cathedral eElicLe obould be raised in .guillcenco and beauty at Cawnpore." that a more appropriate monument to those who were there massacred cannot be raised than a temple for Divine wvorship most persons will allow, and numbers will be found willing to subscribe liberally to the object. But that " a cathedral in magnificence and beauty would be an appropriat.e monument," to this idea many would demur, since -mo building are more for show than use, proofs of which we have in every part of the kingdonm On the restoration of peace in Bengal and other parts of India we bope to see something more than the old system of governing that country carried out. We trust the dissemination of the sacred seriptures will be extensive, the preaching of the gospel by Episcopalians and Dissenters become general; and as Cawnpore is the city of General Havelock's victories, and as both he and many of his veterans are Baptists by religious profession, what could be more appropriate to celebrate the restoration of peace and order in that city than a Baptist temple built on an extensive scale "A Curate" says he wil give his guinea should a cathedral be erected, hut I will give two guineas and prosnio to pro. cure 20 guineas snore should my plan be adop ted. And as our missionary society was the first to send forth heralds of the cross in the persons of Doctors Carey and MWarshmKn (the great transistors of the Word of God) to Bengal, this propOSal, ito iS to be hoped, wzill not he deemed unreasonnah1 VY miosor.
MR. DISRAELI IN BUCINGHAASHjIRE. At the annual dinner of the Amersham and Cheshaa Agricultaral Association, held in the Town-hall of the former place on Tnesday last, Mr. Disraeli waa present, and took part in the proceedings. About 140 persons, engaged in agricultural pursuits either as landowners or occapiers, dined on the occasion, including Viscount Curzon, M.P. for South Leicestershire, who occupied the chair; the Hon. and Rev. Wriothesley Russell, Mr. Du Pro, M.1Y., and Mr. C. C. CavendiWa, M P., the colleagues of Mr. Disraeli in the representation of Buckinghamshire; Mr. Bernard, MLP., 3Mr. Acton Tindal, the Rev. J. T. Drrke, rector of Auaersham; Mr. W. Lowndes, and a great many more of the neighbourirg clergy. There was a ploughing match in the early part of the day in a field In the vicinity of Amersham, in which 45 teams engaged, and the competitors were allowed to have shown a cieditable amoant of skill, though the state of the groand was against them. Prizes, amounting to 11. in each case, were given for rick-thatching and nck-building, and for length of servitude in one place by male and female hlred servants, and as agricultural labourers. The first prize in the clams of mele hired servanta was awarded to a man for five years' servicoe; in that of female hired servants it was given to Hannah Smith, for 37 years' service with Mr. F. Knolls; and Daniel Child and James Dwight carried off the principal pries among the agricultural labourers-the former for 55 years' servicoe with the Hon. C. C. Cavendish, and the latter for 44 yeas with Mtr. W. Lowndes. Several prizes were also awarded to a number of the peasantry for the best kept cottages and gardens- and the Rev. J. T. Drake, the rector, who distrlbuted them, expressed the gratification he felt in seeing 95 honest men from the neighbourhood come forward to receive the reward of skill and industry. The day being fne, the town had a holyday ap. pearance, and when Mr. Disraeli, who had been invited, arrived in the afternoon additional interest was given to the occasion. After dinner, Mfr. DISrAELI was called on to propose the toast of the evening, and therighthon. gentlemaninxdoingso sald,-Ihave been unexpectedly called on to propose a toast which I may fairly style as not the least important that wil be brought to your notice, but it Is one which so fUlly commends itself to your best consideration that I cannot make the fact of my being unprepared an excuse for refusing the duty. I now ask you to drink prosperity to this association. (Cheers.) I believe the time is now past-although it once existedwhen it was necessary to vIndicate associations of this kind or to offer any reasons as an excuse for establishing them. In this age of progress and in this age of association it wa3 at least very wisely comprehended that the agricultural world should not be torpid, and that an interest which consists of msny classes should take means that aU who compose it may become well acqua3nted with each other, and, whenever opportunity arises, assist each other. Having watched the results of societies like this for the last 20 years, I think it is no longer a matter of controversy that the establishment of them was a wise and prescient undertaking. This is one of the junior societies in this coanty, but it has made great progress, and is destined, I believe, to effect stiU greater good. What we have seen to-day has been of a most satisfactory nature. I was not able to be in the field, bat I understand that 45 teams were sent to compete, and, from what I have seen of the peasantry of the county of Bucks, I am sure that he who gained the prize did not attain that distinction without a worthy smtrggle. We had af ter. wards the pleasure of hearing the prizes awarded and my rev. and excellent friend thensaidthere werebefore him 95 hone.t men. (Cheers.) Whenho madethat excellentandfervent appeal to their patriotism, I could not but think that if he had had before him a hundred " good men and trae " he might have asked them all to enlist in the Militia and have presented to one of his young friends an ensign's comr mission. (Cheers, and a laugh.) Perhaps next year, if war should continue, our excellent friend may be enabled t) exercise that high prerogative. (Cheers.) I think anr one who saw the nanner in which those prizes were received must have been convinced that this kind of reward is rightly appreciated by the labourlng classes. Nothing can be more miserable than the criticisms which rewards of this kind have received in the public newspapers. when they ridicule the idea of giving perhaps 50s. for 50 years' faithful Ecrvitude. I need not teU you-and I am ashamed that there should bo any of our fellow-subjeots whom it Is necessary to tell-that in giving rewards for exceUent moral character we do not pretend to measure the excellence of the individual by the mere money value of the prize, but to single hin out from the cro vd and show thathis services are appreciated by the community in which he lives. (Cheers.) If we are always to estimate public services by the vulgar test of money, we shall not be able to carry on the public service of the country. We reward with prizes of blue and red riband acts of the greatest patriotism and heroism. It is the associations connected with such public acts which make the value of the prizes offered to the recipients. A lttle while ago we heard of a series of heroic actions on the part of an individual never, perhaps, equalled ia the history of this country, and 'while his praises are yet on every lip, a good service pension of lO0. a-year was bestowed on General Havelock. (Cheers.) No one supposed that this was the measure of the nation's gratituda; but this tpension, which is much coveted In the army a-i a reward o sdgnal services, happened to be available, and I have no doubt it was received in th- ipirit in which it w.-s offered, and has been interpreted throughout the country in tne same manner. (Cheers.) Just so, in the othnr eas,s every man feels he is raised in the public estin. e.an by this public recognition of his excellent charsater. I believe ican say I dined at the first agricaltural dinner it this county, and to-day T am yoar guest a' Amerssham, so that on this subject I have had soine experienco. 1 bavcseen how these societies have worked, under great diSc" - L tages, under every kind of misconception, and oft l er defechtve management, and in my opinion they ha, a,.ed the character of all classes of the community. 0o limnit this to large farmers or landowners. I class in the community is more rensible of it l i more assiduous in fulfilling it r W an whce thess so - es were first established. hi2e the parent society, vwhtch recertly beld its annivesary at N ewport Pagnell, there is the South Bucks, and there is a younger society in the middle of the county, the Chiltern Hills Society, -whose meeting I had not the honour of attending, but, judging from the list of stock exhibited, I should say that no provinCial society in England could compete with the show of that society. Except the Royal Agricultural Society of England, there is no society which, so fWr as my observation extends, could for a moment compare with it. And there is your own society, which, though young, promises to be extremely effective. At the eommencement we were all jealous when new societies sprang up, but it appears to me that competition has only stimulated to exertion, which has been of the utmost advantage to the county of Buckingham. One thing no one cau deny, that a great improvement has taken place in the agriculture of this county within the last 20 years, and it is during these years that these societies and the spirit which animates them have been most effective. I do not pretend that it is in consequence of the action of these societies that all this improvement has taken place. That improvement is the result of a spit of progress which, among other thing, has produced tnese 8ocieties. There was a time when t e agriculture of this county was spoken of in language which amounted to contempt, as compared with that of neighbouring counties. No doubt there was some exaggeration and some little malignity In these criticisms, but the improvement which has taken place shows that there must have been some foundation for them. Although there are some things which we ou ght not to neglect any longer, I believe there is no county iD England tbat has made such gradual but decided improvement as the county of Bucks. It was said at the meetihg of the Royal Agricultural Society the other day, that the main occasion of the improvement of agriculture was that a county should have a variety of soil Now, in no county in England have you such a variety of chalk, sand gravel, rich pasture, fine -meadow, and good dairy land. In every one of the modes in which land is cultivated improvement has taken place, and not the least of all among the farms of the Chiltern-bills. No doubt these societies, if they have not immediately cansed, have sustained that spirit of improvement which has raised the county in the estimation of all who are judges of that mo,t vital point in the condition of any county-its agriculture. (Cheers.) I do not tnow whether you will proceed to those exhibitions of stock which other societies have attempted. It is a step not to be takea lightly, and which, if once embarked in, will bind you to maintain the character of the district and of the county generally. But whether or no you embrace among your objects that which the Chiltern-hills Society has carried out so successfully, I am sure the course you have taken is one which has been fraught with benefit to the community in which we live. No one acquainted with the condition of the labouring clases in these parishes can have any doubt of the benefits which bave already resulted from the labounrsof this association. The spirit of emulation which it excites and, fosters breaks the monotony of their , anadirects theirenergies to pursuits whichwe could hardly expect men who are destined to labo(r would indulge in. It is in itself no small advantage that the county gene- rally should see that the people oi Amershaul and Chesham, having embarked in this enterprise, are determined to suc- I ceed, and that all classes in the district in which we reside should feel the salutary influence of this society. (Cheers.) Mr. Du Pan, i. P., in responding to the toast of "The Count7 Hembers,"took ocaion to advertto the great nation al calamity which had befallen our Indian empire, and toeulogize the lofty courage of our officers and soldiers engaged in quelling the mutiny, and the endurance and heroism which had inspired our unfortunate coantrymen and countrywomen there. He added his belief that England was unanisious as to the punishment of the mutineers, though there had been some quibbling about words. There had been an attempt made to distiDguish between justice and vengeance, but in England they all seant the same thing. N'o one wished the perpetrators of those horrible enormities to escape the iuast punishment due to their crimesnobody would be unwilling, where there were extenuating eircutnstances, that mnercy should be shown; but, while a terrible example was required, lab him express the hope that no British soldier would be so forgetful of the uniform he wore and the country to which he belonged as to treat wiLh iusult or injury any woman or child. (Cheers.) The companv was also add-ressed by Mr. Cavendlsb, MP., the Hon. and Rev. Lord Wriothesley Russell, Mr. Bernard, M.P., and several of the resideat gentry in the course of the evening. The Chancellor df tho Exchequer acknowledge,s the receipt of thle remaining halves of two banknotes value W. each, "for income-tax on divi- dends of forein railways,' from "X L ;" also of the remeining h',lf of a bauk-note value 1001., for nome-ta;, from v1A B.. ."
MR. LINDSAY, A.P., AND HIS CONSTITUBNTS. TYNEMUOUTH, Nov. 3. Mr. Lindsay, M.D., addressed a large meeting of his con- stituet5t in the A.lbion Assemibly-rooms in this borough last night. There was a considderable number of gentleraen connetetd wvith shipping ia the root. Mr. Alderman Pow, the Chairman of the North Shild Shipowners' Soaiety, presided. ed Mr. LIN~DSAY, who was warmly recaived, after alludiDg to see7eal matters of local interest, and warmly ealogizzing the Dake of Northumberland for his benevolent endeavours to amneliorate the condition of the merchant seamen, remarked that the meeting was too painfully aware thst there was at the present time a great depression In the shipping trade of the country ; hut it appeared to bim that tkere wasa better time coming. (Hear, hesr.) Thxey had kisd great reverses in America. There had been very little shipbuilding going on there, simply abecause there was a great want of capital, and alsoa want of credit. It was a remarkable fact, and he had noticed it in the course of very many years' experience, that if the coal trade was depressed, w,ithin six months the shipping freights in the Indian trade fell- arnd his reason for supposing that the shipping trade would be prosperous before lonjg was that there was little shipbuilding going on in America. and lees inL tMai Country, while all the time thetrade of the whole world was going on increasing, rendering an increase of the carrying trade inevitable. (ApplauLse,) Hlefor one deeply regretted those reverses which had takeni place in Amnerica, andl he also regretted the system of over advances and too great facility for credit out of which they had arisen. He was sorry also that the system 'was not confined to America. In Liverpool and Glasgow, as wrell as at New Yorlk, over advances were a great evil, because the man of indutstry -who had made his capital by the sweat of 'his brow, also suffered and fell in the long rutn with his lees prudent competitor. But they wouald notice that this state of things brought with it, to a certain extent, its own remedy; and his opniaon was that this tightness of the money.maarket would 'bring about a more wholesome state of trade, in which the shipownere would be miaterially benefitt-ed. (Hear.) One word more about the shipping interest, arising out of some converation be had had with their wcrthy chairmasn. A new era in shi?ppig matters was very shortly expected to he introduced by the launch of that vast ship the Great E;stern. (Hear, hear.) If that ship answered it became a quesition how they would stand with their small vessels. It was a matter of great interes to all, but pa~rticularly to those directly or indirectly interested in shipping, whether the ship was likely to answer commercial or not. He had strong opinions ona the subject commercially;- but first let him hun say she would be a great triumph of mechanical art. Hle believed no finier or stronger ship was ever puxt together. With regard to speed, he doubt3d whether she would attain to what had bean stated, though he fully believed that sbe would attain a greater esieed thanx any ship ever yet launched in the waters. Our nation had reason to be proud of such a great triumph of mnechanical skill (Hear., hear.) But comlaerotaly. it to them was a most Important ques. tion, because, if such a ship as that answered commnercially, then all their proPerty in shppn mutI n a abort time go to the wall. (Hear,' bear) i eprnce, htowever,-snd he believed it would cicd ihter hiis experience was that thzey had foudteha,i fact, been building their ships too large. (Ha,ba. he Americans, -who were a far-sightdpol,hd ie coveredl this fact. They said a 3,0teshiwato large for the ordinary purposes of commerce, andai had been found that a ship of from 800 to 1,200 tons for the East India trade was the maost profitable desriptionL of ship, ,%hile from 1,500 to 1,800 tons was about the limit. The course of commerce was, if a Manchestermerchant hiadl,000 hales of cotton to rend to Calcutta he did not rend the whole in one bottom, because that might overstock the market. The merchant did what was caled "feed the inarket." The samae thing would hold good as to nassengers. They did not go altogether, or in masses, but at intervals, to sust convenience. (Hear, hear.) So, for the purposes of war, politicians found it the wisezl policy to send out their troops -not 1,000 In one bottom, much less 10,000 (hear, hear), but senat themn out in numbers of 400 or 600 at the very mnost. That was the policy. Imagine, then, a. whole armay sent ouLt in this Great Eastern. He did not say anything of a wreck, he did notocontemplate any such fearful tragedy; but suppose her engines went wrong; he said it was not olicy to send so muany trcoom, a that, looking at the matter oth politically and according to the ordinary coure of commerce, he was of opinion that the ships we had had nothing to fear from the competition of such vast leviathans as the Greet Eastern. (Applause. )IHe now came to that question which had causedl such excitement throughout this couxntry, and he maight say the world-the fearful mutiny In India. In doing so he shoulId go back very shortly into a brief reviewr of the history of India. The hen. gentleman then briefly sketched the origin of the East India Company, and its progress from being a purely trafing corporation in 16C02 until its assumptioni of territorial power under Lord Clive, and thence to thepre sent time. in extending the Indian empire as itha been extended, he trusted these who had held the reins of Government had foally considered the serious responsibility which they took upon themselves in annexing district after district to the vast extent of territory we alreadY had, because when a peonle stepped in to- assume suh pwrs of Governiment therewiere responsibilities which coudntb any means he violated with Impunity. Before assuming it, they ought to he prep'ared At once to govern the people vwsey and well. He eared, however, that the East India CompTany had not on all occasons governed India either wisely or wvelL (Hear.) He did not mean to say that the people of India were not in a better position than they -were when Clive stepped in to take away part of their territory, because at that time and long before India was disturbed by the Mahomedan races and rulers. Origially, as they were awVaTe, India everywhere was govemned by the native Hindoo princes ; andc 'whether the omople had been better off under our rule than thee were unller the rale of their native Hindoo princes was a qnsstion he ws~ not prepared to answer, because, when theyiockeJ on India, they found'vast remiains of roads, reservoirs, osuals, and public works which had gone to deca,y, h b.i-'ere evidently constructed under the rule of the H"' pi rinces. He was not suxre that our GovernmenLt haa been more advantageous to the natives than that of t:re Hindoo princes, though that it had been better than that of the Mahomaedan princes he did not for a mnoment doubt. Bet that was not the question. The questl,n was, bad we done all we might have done for India ? (Hear, hear.) He believedl we had niot. He believed we had very mnuch to answer for on account of India. He believed that though we had been drawing large amoun5s of revenue from the people of India we had been neglecting public works, that we had not bceen openAing ouxt canals or addtng to the facilities of comnmunication as we ought have done; that we had done much, but that we had also left much undone, inuch which we ought to have done. (Applause.) When he looked at the enormaous revenue derived from India, he asked how much was spent In public works; and, taking Glasgow or Manchester, he found that one of these Large cities,-namnely, Manchester, had spent more in a yea'r in institutions for the benefit and elevation of the people than the Court of Directors of the East Indiak-house had done for the whole of Inlia in the same period. (Hear, hear.) He said we bad not governed India wisely, and we had not done it well. To him there seemed a sort of fatality to follow this course of aggradis iment-grasping vast extents of territory without takn the means to govern well the territory we had al.read7. It seemed to him it woualdl have beeni much -wiser if we had limited our territory and governed It better. We were told we had been driven by necessity to increase our territory, but he doubted that very much, and he thought we had taken poswsesson of more territory In India than we could governi well, and that if we had had less of territory we sOul have governed it better. There was another matter -viz., that India was stil governed, as It was called, by a comnpany of traders ; for, although their trading function ceased in 1884. the machinery of government was almost the samne as at that period. an spe-aking of the East India Company and its directors he would do so with great respect, because, from his experience, so far as thae executive or admninistration of the Company wasi concerned, he believed it was equal to any of our Government departments at home and superior to a great mrany. If he wrote to them he got a "rompt and businesslike answer, but that Could not be saia of the departments at home. On the board of directors he could run over the names of some men of very great ability; but It was not of the board as individuals-it was the systemn of which he had to complain. The hon. gentlemanL having described the present system said he had under it known an iniportant desptch go bask and ferwa-rd between the Board of Control and the Company 12 times; and that cer-l tainly wae not a sort of ma&chine calculated to govern wisely' and promptly a people who were away from us 12,000 miles.. He, for onie, as they would gather from what he had said, considered it necessary that there should be a vast change In the government of India. What that change should be it would be presuptuous, to a certain extent, for him to say ; hut it struck, him If they were to govern the people of Indlia well that the Governmient ought to be in India itself. Hle said, let them send out a Governor-General, and let there be a Council, though not such as at present, inasmuch as somne might he sent from this country, and the others chosen from among the European residenits; and let them be the executive residing on the spot, and be subject to the cheock of the House of Commons, one member of 'Which should he Secretary of State for India. They iwoIndithenwavesomoe hom theyr could hold responsible ifIniawa misgoverued. He hoped that in futur.a. by the changes WhiCh would _bc introdu-ed,' _a 'grea-tde'a} would La done for India and to develope Its immense resources.-Mlr. Lindsay then proceeded to romark on the mlutiny among the Sepoys and its canses. he did not know that our Governor-General of India had acted in such a asDrer as most sbtesmen would in his posicin. The course most men would have adopted, and most proper to be adopted, would, in his opinion, have been to proc'aim mrtial law throughout the whole of India, and not only so have punished with death those mutmeers, but punished al who did not asi and assist to the best of their abilities to pnt doun the mutiny. If that had ',een done he thought the mutiny would not have spread as it had done. He need not tell tbem that he was a lover of peace; that they knew; but at the same time he was a lover of justice, and he should sAy, "'No half measures ;" we should use no half measures with nmen who had acted as ths Sepoysof India had done. (Applause.) It was said in Holy Writ, "Vengeance is mine sayeth the Lord," and thsX we should leave the punishment of such ded In the bands of the Lord; but though we weak creatures could not pry into the ways of Providence, we constantly saw that God made sn the instruaxent in His bands of punUiment here below forsuch terrible crinmes as these (applaulse); and, therefo2e, he did say, that in the punshment of these Sepoys, and in putting down sucb vioLCe for the future, we were acting as instruments in the hands of Proridence (applause); and, while he would cnmmend that noble order which was Isued to General Wilson's troops before Delhi-while be would say, "' Spare, for the honour of our country, the wowen and children," be wruld say, Show no niarcy whatever to those traitors; thoy are alike condemned, by the laws of God and the laws of man. (Loud apb,Wsase.) Mr. FoRTig .an elector, at ihe close, asked Mr. Lindsay If ho was sangvine as to, tha Vice-President of the Board of Trade, Y4jX X,owq, tqsAueIag next session a meaue for the abobltion ofpasing tulu? It would much eiven the meting if lhe could give them that asenrance. He alsc hoped Mr. Lindsay would endeavour to kepLoid FaI; nierstor UP to the point in referenoe to the New e lorm Bill. (Applaws.) PMr. LerstSAY vas, most of them were aware that no one was mnore anxiua to have the paassng tolls abolished than thatLowe b there was a difficulty in the way of carrying othe obc. From what Mr. Lowe had stated, however, he bgelerad iy was hsl intention, ao early as Possible, to bring in another Bill to abolish thig great thevance of the shipowners. A great point towards the object of sweeping away the local charges on shipping -had been gained by what was caelled the AMersey Conservancy Bil, and any BMl ftu thtir to c'ry out that object would have his (Mr. Linds%7s) heary support. With regard to tnhe net Reform Bi It wns a delicate question. [Mr. Forth-.' Not at all."] lie (rM. eorm ihadnad ireat re. spect for L-ord Pslmerston ;he coudld ZO, otherwise Ile was a nobleman of great enesyf, and just the nman they wanted 'n an emergency ; butt he was naot certain that Lord Palmerston was a thorough Reformer, and ke was afraid that a Reform Bill brought in by his Lordsinp might ae one which would not give satIsfaction to Reformers generaiJy. He woudrte therefore see the question of reforminoerhdsaa he thought at aUl events that during th rae pr fnxt session Of Parliament the questio ofrorinIiaoudcuyat Thaks avig ben ote toMr.Lbndsay by acolama.
LOPD SANDOx, M.P., AND THE EDUCATION OPTHL'R WO' rlY C, A A few days ago Viscount Sancdon, M.P., presded at thte annual distribuLtion of prizes given by the Association for the Advancement of Education ia the Mining and Manufacturing Districts of Worth Staffordshire, which took place at Stoke.upiornTrent. There was agathering of the juvenile population of the neighlbourhood on the occasion and a considerable number of the clergy and gentry. The noble lord was accompanied by Vihscount Inigestre, Ml.P., aud Lady Inges're. Lord SA.rNDoyi, on taking the chair, said, -Before entering upon the Immediate business of the day, perhaps it would be well for him briefly to explain the object which had caled them together. As far as he was concerned, he felt it a most gratifying occasion, aLnd one of the most interesting ceremonies at which they could be preBent. It was of thLe utmost importance that strong inducemenits should be beld out to children to remain for as long a period as potsible in the schools whioh were now so %idely spread over the country. They were aware that about five Years ago a very admirable scheme was set on foot, by vwhich prizes were to be giveni to these who pr-ssed an examination after remainting a c-ertain time in a school and likewise to those who within a certain period after leaving school should be able to show that they *had continued their studies after entering upon the active businessoflife. He thought there coul d be no douLbt that the experiment had answered admirably, judging from the large assembly he saw before him,I and judging also from the beautiful collection of prizes then upon the table. There was nothing more important in the world connected with the subject of education than to indnce the population of the country to take advantage of the schools now almeost everywhere established. (Haw, hear.) About 25 years ago there wras a great nmovement in favouLr of new schools. The nttion aeem,ed to be wakting from a long lethargic sleep, and to think that it was high time to educate itself in a miannAer worthy of the high positioni 'whichbitheld in theworld. Great political power had been placed in the hands of the people, and it was felt that the population to whom that power had beeu intrust-ed ought to be fitted by education t-o use it wisely and intellgently. Well, what did the friends of education do? They built large and commodious schoolhouses all over the country, andl admirably trained masters wereplaced inthem; but when they came to look for the result of all those exertions what did they find ? They found the agricultural labourer just where ho was before. The mechanic had made little progress, and the collner and miner had niot improvedI in intelligence and morals. What was the reason of all that ? They found from statistics that crime had not decreased, that those bumiliating objects, public gaols, were as large, if not larger than ever, and that the number of their inmates did not dec.rease. That sad state of things led a naumber of benevolent lecople--statesmien, clergymen, manufacturers, and othersto consider what in the world prevented the great machinery of publio schools, with their educated masters, from producing a greater effect upon the population ; and thLey found that, after all, this comnplex educational mechanism was only a great system of what might be coiled infant schools ; that directly boys.and girls began to reward the perseverance of the master- directly their intellects and their souls began to be developed-they were taken from school by their parents, just at an age when they were beginning to profit by instruction, and set to the labour by whiceh they were to gain their livelihood. Lokn tthe subject superficially, it seemed natural enouh tha.t they should do so ; but really it was very bad economy on their part. (Hear, hear.) It childreni were left for some time lunger under the care of the schoolmaster they would ina riper years be ten times more valuable to their parents and emnployers and better members of souiety. (Hea, hear.) Merely looking at it in a money point of view, it was desirable that they shouldl not be takenL from school at too early an age, for in all the great branches of labour it was developed intelligence which brought the haighest price ; and therefore, placing it upon the lowest grouLnd, it was infinitely better for parents to make uo) their minds to sacrifice the profit of their childreA~ labour in their early yeras, and trust to beinDg repaid for their telf -denia in their superior intelligence and capacity as they grew up In life. But this question did not rest only upon considerations of pounds, shillings, anid pence, for everybody knew what thtriigo a good schaool was, and that boys and girls who pse ne such training made better sonls and daughters, an oe eul andi influential memnbers of society, than three who had not that advantage. Think of what a child gained by going tmrough such trainIng. In. the first place, he was taught to respect others; and ,when a child had learnt to do that he was sure to respect himself; and therefore that was one of the most valuable lessons which he could receive in life. What did respect for others mean ? It meant politeness, which to some might appear a slight thing, but it was in3afly only another niame for unselfishness. (Cheers.) A. boy under goodl training at school learnt respect for his comrades, and submission to those placed in authority over him, which was a very excellent thing when not carried too far. It was a serviceable leson for all rank-s of society, and no one could hope to get on in life unleasshe submnitted to the discipline which his rightful superiors exercisedl over him. (Hear, hear.) Then, as far as intellectual acquirements were concerned, this training was very valuable. To the children of mecbanics, artisans, and laboure'-s reading, writing, and arithinetic wvere of the greatest service ; but though, to a certain extent, instruction in other things was highly desirable, he should be sorry to see an attempt made to introduce F. knowledge of the abstruse branches of science, or of modern languages, into the schools of the great muass of the people. All ho wanted to see was that such instruments were, so to speak, placed in the children's hands that by being good readers, geod writers, and good arithmeticians they might be able, if they pleased, to prsue any particular branch of knowledge after they had left schooYL (Hear, hear.) Bat befo~e he sat down he would say a word or two upon certain objections which had been made to the ariffsion of education. There were people who said when the subject of education 'was Introduced, " Look around youn, and you will find a generAl vunfitness for their duties in the labourin~ claeses;- a false estimate of their position prevails among t'beci; wle cannot find good servants, nor good labourers or mechanics, as we used to do." That was a very plausible ohjection. It meant, in other words, that people were above their places in consequence of being better educated thanfo ery He qute understood that, buLt he believed it aros frmte fat that education had not been masde more generaL (Hear, hear.) Thley 'werel now in a kind of transition stain from the old t-o thene1w, system, Half the population was educated and half was not ; if, indeed, that favourable estimate was correct. The educated portion looked down upon the uneducated as Inferior to them, and thus arose a complaint that working people were above their position. Well, they were now pasiDig through what he had called a transition state, and as soon as thley got the whole of the population educated everone would feel in his or her own proper place. No man would then think that because he was a good reader, or a good writer, and a good arithmetician he was above his fellows, for everybody would be in the samae position edueationaily, and ho thougzht it was not extravagant to say that the spread of general education would produce that remi.ut. (Hear, hear.) A great mistake had been made in keeping education from the n. ass of the people, and he hopedathat in the lifetinme of many present there was even now a brighter aide of the subject to which he mightallude. Had itnot struck many present as a marvellous thing that this little island shouild ha-ye under her cbarge-sl-ould be governinig and calling by her name all those vast countries which were among her possesskirns in every qoarter of the globe? Had it not struck item that we had the great coatinent of British North America to govern-that the continent of Asistralia, with it haihurs its riaing cities, anid its enterprising prnpnlatlou, and thea Cape of Good Elope, with dl iIts capacities for future Ideveloi ment, owed allepiance to Englanud- that the great an onderful em'pire of india, with All its memories of the past and all its hopes for the fusts. ., was a dependency of the Crown of Great Britain ? Did it naever strike young men that a great responsibility rested upon them in becomiing metmbers of a, population able to, keep together that great empire and worthy of t'he honour thereby conferred upon them by God? England coutld not mnaintain her empir-e by her army. The population of this little isand could not keep half the world in subjection mcrely by the force of its arms,. ThenL how would the men of the fiiuture maintain the supremaacy of ~ngland? By excellence in everything in which they oaight to excel. Every class of mien most'in itself be1 eaoclest. Enigland's labuiwers must be the beAt her artisans the best, and ber mechanics the best. Iler clergymen mnust be the most "i's and the most learned; her statesman the most able and disinterested ; her armiy, though smAll, the hest equipped an d the most efficient.. and her seamlen mLust s;ail in th fnest shiPs that modern sciencea could conratrct. (Cheers.) And didl no, al that bear upon the questii n of educ-ation ? (Hear bean.) If we were to bold our position as the hea of the most -wonderful federation of S5tates that the world bad ever seen, every one a1-ust try to excel in that position in life inL whichi he found hiw.ftlf placed; and if there were seine -who thought that he was apparently tal1king about things which did not cm,s cemn the chil-Irenx presenit he mn-sat Fay he totally diisagreeda wcith them, Every child there Ought to fuifil Its3 part in mailitainSng bY itsL Personal excellence the dignaity and honour of Eng-land, Those childreis ought, to beome, 'wiser snd b'tteor than those who had gone beob-:0 them, aai Upon the 'intelligence and integrity, of those of their ageithroughor.t the countjy would muainly depjr,(l the futur ; greatniesa 'Df '~and And the happinnin and proaperity of hur vzsts emnpire.t e~ cer. T_he mineaitu was also addressed by Viscouxt. Tn-est- - 5 u . u w
I> - COUBT2aIBouLAR. j he Queen WINDSOR, XSZ. . no'he Qaeeonand Pbye Consort drove oat yesterda T after. lnoon, z=onaPgied byuViscountesa Palmeraton. In attndanco re Viscountess Jocelyn, the Hon. Horatih Stop!ferd, and the Bquerrieg in Waiting. The Princs Royal al&o drov, out, attended by tho Hon. Eleanor Stamiay. In the eve.ng 'aer Royal Higbnee ithe Duchess of Kent, attended by Lj iugusta Bruce, dined lrwith Her Majesty. The party alsocluded Viseoant and Viscontess Palamerston, fr. and Lady Panre Baillle, and BIr Jatee The band of the tsFafsileer Gnarda attended in -the C>tle, -nd played durgx dinner the follwing pieces The RAveIock Grand March. icompeaed for the benefit of the Indian xaffe,er Adelbne K ODoar. Overture, "Tehe Boheminu dlii", Bal Vale1 Triano . .. onsL 89Se on, "LaTrvata" . .... Verdi. Qsadrile, "§ S de". .. . BaUe Her Majeetys pritAte band performed in the evering the following seLiction:- Orerture, *Die hustigen Weler Ton wind .. .. .. .. Omto ljcolal. Oho3ur et herche du Ercuf ApsI IL'X. taut Prodige) .. . .. . uber. Fnle, 3d *A, * IaP6 ax Olrca .. cold'. Dlvaitisment, " Lo Propbete" .. .. MXeyerbeer. The Queen and Prince Cosort, with the Princess Alice ode out on horseback this moran. The Hon Sleator Stanley,Majnr.Geueralhelon.Coarles Grey fajor.General Buckley, and Captain the Hon. ID. de Roa wrere in atteFsd- The Countess de Nenilly and the Duc de Nemours visited Her Majesty at the Castle. Lord and Lady Palmerston left the Castle is the forenoon for London. Lord Crermorne and the Hon. Mortimer BSckville We6t have succeeded Lord Byron and Colonel the Hon. N. Hood as the Lord and Groom in Walting. Viscount Pabnerston arrived in London from W`indsor Castle yesterdaymorning, and proceeded in the afternoon to Broadlaods, Hants. Despatches wrere eont from tho Colonlal-office yesterday to the Governors of the Manritius, Ceylon, and Hong- kong.~~~_
UHfVBRSITY IrNTELLIENOE. O)xpt-R14 w.,^ 2 The Regius Professor of Eccles astical History (Mr. Stanley) proposes to give a public Introductory Lecture on the Ristory of the da tern Church at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, the 10th ofNTOvemnber. Tbefollowing lectures willbhe,as beifdre, In a Congregation to bo held on Tuesday, the 10th of November, at 2 'clock, the statute on the 18ay1er Institution, which was promulgated on the 18th of June, having b~een amnended by the lHehdomadal Commcil, wilt he pro- CAMBRIDGE, Nov. 3. The Vice- Chancellor resigned his office this morning at 9 o'clock, when he delivered a short Latin speech to the Senate. The Council assembled immediately afterwards, and nominated the Alaster of St. Catharine's College (the late Vice-Chancellor), and the Master of St. John's College, for the election of the Senate to-morrow. It is understood that Dr. Philpott will be re-elected.
LADY IRAZNLrz'S ARCTIC EXPEDITION. TO THE ErDnTOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The enclosed letter from Captain 'Clintook will, I think, ba read with interest if you will obligingly insert it. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. JOhN BARROW. Athenaexum, Nov. 3. "Yacht Fox, lat. 71', ofl Cape Cranstoun; closed at Uppernavik, Aug. 6. "My dearBarrow,-Although I have but little news-'to relate, I am sure you will be none the less rejoiced to hear from the poor little Fox. Here she is off Cape Craustoun, in lat. 71V, having on board an Fisquimaux and 10 very fine dogs obtained at Disco. She also is complete with coals, having filled up at the cost cliffs in Waigat Strait. I have sent home one of my crew, who proved to be consumptive, and, having proved the otbers pretty well, I can answer for their soundness and wlling cheerfulness. We get on adrairably-exactly as in the old Intrepid. At Lievely I saw two whaler captain3, whose ships were crushed in Melville Bay last June. They seemed to think I should not experience any difriculty. I cannot find that we have forgotten anything, greet as was the hurry of sailing. We are very comfortable; ourprovisionsare moat excellent. The Fox sails welL, htsteamsslowly in consequence of the screw being too snmall. As she gets lighter she will go better. I have tried her among the ice, and find that her sharp bo6w readily opens a pasge where a bluff one would knock in "I did not stop at Atonkerdlutl, vhere the fossil wood and leaves are, so have none to bring home for your frienid. " I write by this opportunity to beg that the Admiralty may grant to my crow upon their return, if successful that their time for pension may be alUowed to count. I am rmost fortunate in my officers and crew; all deserve my praise alike.Au.6 "Blowing strong from the southward. Hove to off Uppernavik. We have got 30 dogs, and are about to ptoceed on our voyage, so I must end rather hastiy. " Yours very sincerelv. "F. L, MCLLTTOCK."
LORD BRoUGnAx IN LEBDS.-Lord Brougham, 'who was to preside at a soir-e of the Mechanics' Institute and Literary Society of Leeds yesterday (Tuesday), arrived in that town by railway from Penrith on Monday evening. Ile was met at the railway station in Leeds by the Mayor (Mr. J. Botteril), several members of the town-council, and other gentlemen. His Lordship, considering that he is 79 years of age, appeared to be ful of vigour and animation. After a brief conversation with the Mayor, Mlr. Kitson, the president of the Mechanics' Institute and Literary Society, and other gentlemen who had assembled to vwelcome his Lordship, he proceeded in the pri vnte carriage of Mr. H. C. meynell Ingram to the seat of that gentleman at Templenewsam, at the outskirts of the borough of Leeds. A select party was invited to iteet the noble lord at Templenewiam, wbere his Lordship remained for the night. On Tnesday morning his Lordship visited, in company with the Mayor, the architect (Mr. Brodrick), and other gentlemen, the Leeds Town-hall, now in the coure of construction, and he expressed himself much p leased with the building. In the afternoon the noble lord b6came the guest of the Mayor in the evening (as we have stated) he presided at the soi7fe of the Mechanicsa Institute and Literary Society; and on Wednesday (this) mornirg he will breakfast with Mr. Xi tson, and about noon will take his departure from Leeds for Liverpool. SACRILEGE AT MA2tOHESER.-During the night of Saturday some rascals broke into a church and two chapels in this city. They no doubt assumed that, yesterdey being the first Sunday in the month, they would be able to make a " haul" of the Communion plate; but in this, for various reasons, they were disappointed, and they zot nothing for their pains beyond part of a bo:tle of wine and a fewv biscuits. The sacrilege was committed at Mark's church, City-road, Bulme. The thieves broke and got tbrough a small window opening into the vestry, and upon gtttinginside they forced and ransacked several drawers v'ithout finding anything whioh they thought it worth while to carry off. The chapels broken into wvt the Scotch Prosb-terian, Grosvenor-square, and the Wesleyan Methodist, Great Bridgewater-street. At the former the fellows got over a wall in Ormond-street, and so to a small yard. They t'en forced bac- the catch of A window of the schoolroom below the chapel, and from the school they made their way into the chapel and the vestry. Here they ransacked drawers, but Mhoy found nothing that they considered valtmble. At the Mfethodist chapel they climbed a wall at the back, and opened the vestry window, which it is believed was not properly fastened. In a cupboard they founda wine bottle partly filled, and a few biscuits, which they carried off; but nothing of any greater value has been missed. The police were unable during yesterday to obtain any clue to the offenders.-Atenckcstcr Gz'r6dian. THE NasiR VALLEY DRAMNACL-The report of Mr. Robert Stephenson, Civil Egineer, on the preseit state of the lene Valley Drainage Works, at Wisheach, has e:cited a good deal of discussion in the neighbourhood. The sahent points in Mr. Stephenson's observations have been already given in The Times, and it will be remembored that he recousiended tho erection of a temporary stanch at Wisbeach to avert the dangerJ which some persons apnreh,nd w;ill result fromn the present position of affiuirs. eI?he Nene Falley Commissioners have held a meeting on the subject, at whbich a report wvas presented from a oommittee appointed to consider the question. The following observetioa,s occar in the report among other matter.-" Your committee have no fends, and therefore it is not in their power to execute the work so recommended by lIL Stephen srn. . . . But if they. had funds their eneineer, Mr Fowler, think.s that it would be inezepedient to erect the stanch proposed. lour committee are by no means indifferent to the prisent state of the worLs and the safety of the country; on the contrazy, it has beenand is-the subject of mnuch anxiety to them. It was this which impelled them to apply to-Parliament lst session. After the Bll Nwas lost the committee met , and one o the first instructions to their e;gizearwas to take all nesessary and imme- ~iate precautionu to preserve the ban!;s, and preve: say iruptiou of She. water, or possibility of danger so the ot-untry, as far as their m<ns would allow, and they placed a sum of money at Mr. Fowler's disposal for that I purpose." A inotiou. that the recommendations of I Step3anson be immediately adopted was Legaved by 17 to 27,, and, the report of the committee was adoptea. Instruotioru wer howevey, given. to Mr. Fowler to ^ himself in communication with Mr. Stepherson before the next meeting of the commisi sionels, which. vwill be held in a few days. lt may be intessting to itae the history of the drainage works as briedy as nesallile. The obiec of the Acts unier which theG comnaissiorneBexerciseuriedietion iJs to render the fiver B'en. from peterborough through5 Wfsheach to the cosuity boundary aqoual to the nie essitles of drainage and nainration. In er2ea- t do this a schceme for She wotks in b 3wet divisionx between. BonisEa.ll and thle county boundary ,as in 1i3 prepared by the late Mr. Bendel on behalf ot the commissioners, and by Mr. Stephenson ^n the part ot tbe corporation of Wisbeach. A contract, still in esstence, ,was eatered into for oarrying ouit the propo ed works, but the snum estimated by Mr. Rendel as sufficient for the scheme has proved inadequate, as the grt*t influx of the tidal watet consequent on the removal of Wisbeach-brldge an4d the improvements below bave produoed an unexpected state of thlogs anadnecessitated temporary works at W;sbeaoh, with the view of averting danger from the surrounds iDg country. These arrangements hIr, 5tpephng% r however, to consider lusuMolnt, I - e-!r
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. - FRANCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRSPOXDE.) [A. Portion of the f6llouowg appeaerd in our woonid %dU {ion nf vt&rnl.v -_-I rA.R3, MONDAY, Nov. 2, 6 P.M. The Spanish Government has not yet signified its decision on the last communication from Mexico, namely, that the offered mediation of France and E ngland will be aepted on condition that AL Lafrag,ua, the MIexican alvoy, shall be previously received at Madrid in his offlcial character. M. Lafragua is still in Paris, awaiting the reply of the Spnish Cabinet. He has in the meantime published a detailed account of the quarrel between the two Governments, from the first misunderstanding in 1854 to the latest negotiations In Madrid, and to which he has appended copies of the conventions, diplomatic notes, and other documents explaining the causes which have led to the rupture of relation, between the countries. The narrative is drawn up in a caln, and apparently impartial manner, and in a spirit of conciliation. There are two causes of dispute; one relating to the claims put forth by certain Spaniards on the Mexican Government for indemnification for losses sustained during the civil broils in the Republic; the other is traced to the acts of violence perpetrated on the persons and propertyof Spanish residents bymalefactors, who alleged that they belonged to the division of Alvarez, the Mexican General commanding in Cuernavaca, and who pretended they acted by his orders. With respect to the indemnification, it appears that the convention concluded between the Governments for its payment was suspended in consequence of the Mexican Government having discovered that claims which were completely unfounded had been introduced into the account of credits; and that dividends had been paid thereon to persons who had no right to them. In order to enforce the recovery to the Mexican Treasury of the sums thus wrongfully obtained an embargo was laid on the property of the false creditors. When this was known in Madrid it excited universal clamour, and language so outrageous to Mexico was used In the press and the Cortes as to render not only a rupture of diplomatic relations, but even war, extremely probable. A new Minister Plenipotentiary was sent out from Spain to Mexico, named Alvarez. He appeared in the waters of Vera Cruz with several Spanish sbipsof-war, as if ready to back his demancds by force. He notified in the usual form to the Mexican Government his arrival, but declined to deliver his credentials until the embargo which had been laid on the property of Spanish residents was removed. The embargo was, in fact, a temporary measure, and the Government made no objection to remove it; but as, in consequence of the display of force, the demand had the appearance of a threat, the President of the Republic required, as a preliminary atep, the withdrawal of the ships of war. The Spanish Envoy accepted the condition; the vessels quitted the waters of Vera Cruz and returned to the Havannah; the embargo was removed; Her Catholic Majesty's Envoy was received officially, and soon after concluded with the Mexican Government the convention of the 12th of July, 1856. In that instrument it was stipulated that the reasons alleged by the Mexican Government for the revision of the credits -which it regarded as unfounded and unjust should be carefully and frankly examined. Theywere examined, and the Spanish Envoy, convinced, no doubt, of thejustnessof these reasons, admitted the revision; while the Mexican Government, on the other hand, bound itself to execute faithfully the stipulations of the original treaty of 1853, for the payment of all bond fide claims. The Spanish Government, however, did not approve the convention signed ad referenzdum by its Envoy; but the Mexican President did not revoke his order for the execution of the convention. The credits were not revised, though Mexico continued to execute the treaty. The Spanish Charge d'Affaires renained at his post, and the Mexican Government proposed to send its representative to the Court of Mfadrid. The departure of the latter was, however, delayed by the troubles which broke out in some parts of the Repuolic, and the road to Vera Cruz was obstructed by the revolters; but the relations between the Govermnents continued on a friendly footing to the end of 1856, and might have remained so, but for new and unexpected incidents: these were the acts of violence committed on Spanish residents in Cuernavaca alluded to above. Before receiving any communication from the Spanish Envoy the Mexican Government had issued orders for the immediate repression of those outrages, and for the apprehension and punishment of those concerned in them. A detachment of 500 men was sent to protect the lives and property of Spanish as well as Mexican residents, and for co-operation with the local authorities in their prosecution of the offenders. Though the imputation that the military, including some officers, took part in these acts was considered groundless, yet, with a view to guarantee more effectualy the safety of the inhabitants, a new Governor, of much local influence and experience, was ap ointed to the command of the district; and General Alvarez was ordered to quit the place, and retire to the south. The order was at once obeyed. Proceedings were then commenced against the guUty parties in custody, and steps taken for the capture of the malefactors who had fled from justice. These measures were necessarily slow in a country like Mexico, where the want of roads, the vast distances between the towns, the woods and forests, the mountains, and the very climate present great obstacles to the action of the authorities, and facilitate the concealment or flight of malefactors of every description. The Spanish Charg6 d'Affaires, contrasting, I presume, the celerity wich which justice is administered in his own country with the tardiness of Mexico, set no account on natural and social difficulties, and became impatient at the delay. Three weeks passed away, and the malefactors, some of whom had fled to the interior or to the mountains, were not aU captured judged, and punished. M. Sorela (Chargd d'Affaire4, addressed a note to the Mexlcan Government, setting forth that if in eight days from that date, which would complete a month from that of the perpetration of the crlme, " the most exemplary and solemn punishment" was not inflicted on all who had committed it, and suitable indemnification accorded, he should declare that diplomatic relations were broken off between Spain and Mexico, demand his passports, and at once quit the territory of the Republic. The Mexican Government replied on the 16th. It specified the measures it had taken against the malefactors, nine of whom had been apprehended. It refuted the charges of the Spanish Charg6 d'Affaires, declared it would do al that was prescribed by the laws of nations, and protested against the accusation that a political conspiracy existed against Spanish residents. With reference to fixing a delay of eight days, it denied the right of the Charg6 d'Affaires to take upon himself such authority, seeing that, by international law, and particularly by the treaty between Mexico and Spain, the citizens of every country were subject to the laws of the place in which they resided. The Government added, moreover, that several Spanish citizens had taken an active part in insurrections in Mexico. After some further correspondence the Spanish Charge d'Affaires intimated that relations were broken off; he demanded his passports, and quitted Mexico towards the end of January. On the 1st of February following M. Lafragua, who had been named Miniater to Madrid previous to the last quarrel, set out from Mexico for his post. He nacd an interview with General Concha at th Havannah on the 8th, when the General blamed the Charg6 d'Affairesfor the hastymannerinwhichhehad acted. In the month of March he reachedParis,havlng previously communicated to Madrid, through the Mexican Secretary of Legation in Paris, his arrival, when M. Pidal, the Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs, replied that, for the present, he could not be received in his official character. Of hia conferences with General Serrano, in Paris, at that period I gave you a full account at the time; and of his interviews with M. Pidal in Madrid, and the useful cooperation of the English and French MIinisters in that city towards the settlement of the question, you have been also informed. M. Lafragua quitted Madrid without being received by the Queen, and returned to Paris, where he now is, as I have already observed, awaiting the answer of the Spanish Government on the question of mediation and his previous reception by Her Catholec Majesty. M. Lafragua concludes his narrative by stating his belief that he has clearly shown that the Mexican Government had no participation in the crimewalluded to; that it could not prevent them; that it has not tolerated them; that it is resolved to punish the perpetrators of them with all the rigour of the laws; that the delay In the proceedings depends on the peculiar circumstances of each fact, of the agitation in the country, and of the peculiar condition of the towns in which they are conducted; that there is no plan formed against the Spanish residents, and that if any of the latter have ben outraged by Mexicans, the Government of Mexico has not offended the Government of Spain, nor does the Mexican nation hate Spaniards; that these unpleasant incidents are, in great part, attributable to imprudent conduct on the part of a certain number of Spaniards, but for which Mexico doesnot hold the Spanish Government or the Spanish people responsible; that the Government of Mexico Is ready to indemnify for injury, if, on examination"of the facts, it be proved to be one of those cases in which, according to the laws of nations, the superiors are responsible for the conduct of their subordinates; that the Mexican Govermment has not failed, nor does it mean to fail, in the oblgations imposed by treaties ; that it is ready to comply with the treaty of 1853, but that it appeals at the same time to the justice of Her Catholic Majesty for the revision of the credits fraudulently introduced into the convention. Such is the summary of the case. The answer of the Madrid Government bas probably been delayed by the Ministerial changes: it Is expected on the 8th or 10th of the present month Should it be favourable, it will then be arranged whether the negotiations shall be conducted in Paris or London. The French houses in commercial relations with the United States watch with intense anxiety the course of the financial crisis in that country. They are aware of the difficulties they will have to encounter; they despatched goods for which they themselves have entered Into engagements in the full confidence of returns which cannot be realized so long as the American banks do not resume their payments in cash. Yet, if we are to believe what we are told, the effect will not be so severely felt on French trade as is supposed. The majority of the houses' that will lose by the American failures are wealthy, and in a position to meet the crisis. Some have already taken precautions against loss, and also to secure the payment of their advances. They have sent orders to thelr agents in the United States to accept payment in paper, and to lay it out in the purchase of corn, cotton, and sugar, for which a ready demand will be found in the markets of E:urope. The retail trade of Paris has declined during the p ast week in most branches. The sale of goods has not yet become as active in the fancy shops as is usual at this season of the year, owing, most probably, to the mildness of the temperature, and the cold must first set in in earnest before winter purchases are made. The activity observable in the magazines during the month of September and the early part of October has died away; the difficulty experienced in the negotiation of commercial paper has obliged the manufacturers to narrow their credit operations, and in several instances to refuase considerable orders for which payment was fixed at too long a date. The slight advance which hastaken place for the last eight days in corn has been succeeded by a general decline. The offers are not solely the natural result of the abundance of the last harvest and the accumulation of stocks. Many holders of grain and flour have decided on disposing of their stocks for the simple reason that they are pressed for money. Wheat was offered on Wednesday last at a decline of from lf. to lf. 50c. the hectolitre and a half for seed. The extreme prices varied from 28f. to 31f. The sale of wines has been considerable at Bercy for the last 15 days. Prices were very firm, though for a long time past so great a supply has not been seen in the stores. Wines of the new crop are constantly brought up by the Orleans and LVons Railroads. Those of 1856 begin to be scarce. Mlost of this year are of excellent quality; though some which are the produce of grapes gathered too early, and before they were completely ripe, are very inferior. The price of meat for the first fortnight of November is fixed as follows:-Ox beef, 1st class, If. 84c. the kilogramme ; 2d, If. 44c. ; 3d, If. 4c. ; 4th, 73c. (all 3c. lower). Cow and bull beef, 1st class, If. 45c.; 2d, If. 2c. ; 3d, 62c.; 4th, 41c. (all 40. higher). Veal, 1st class, 2f. 4c.; 2d, lf. 84c.; 3d, If. 43c. (all 6c. lower). Mutton, 1st class, If. 79c. ; 2d, If. 33c.; 3d, If. 9c. (all 13c. lower). The price of bread for the first fortnight of November is fixed at 33c. the 21b. loaf first quality, being a decline of 2c. In consequence of Sunday (All Saints' Day) having been kept as a strict holyday, not one of the Paris morning journals has appeared. The Three per Cents closed to-day at 67f. 40c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents at 91f. 90c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,320f.; Great Northern, 886f. 25e.; StrasburTg, 680f.; New Shares, 667f. 50c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 846f. 25c.; Western of France, 668f. 75c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 550f.; Great Central of France, 600f.; Lyons and Geneva, 620f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 796f. 25c.; Austrian Railways, 677f. 50c.; Roman Railways, 490f. Cours Au hniuue.-PARis, November 2.-Cash PricesFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not rebibursable for 10 yars), 91f. 90f. 75c.; Three per Cents.. 671.; Bank of France, 2,980f.; ditto (550f. paid), 2,980f.; Cr6dit Fonder, 515f. 5201.; diito, Obligations of 500M., Four per Cents., 425f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 390f.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 82f. 50oc.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 77f. 50c.; Cr6dit Moblloer, 787f. 50c. 790f. 792f. 60c. 795f. 797f. 50c. 800f.; Discount Bank, 660f. 665f.; Pledmontese Five per Cents., 90f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 63f. 25c.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97i A; -Romans, 88; Spanish Deferred Converted, 25A ; dittZ, Three per Cents., Interior Debt, 37g. Bxchange on London, at sight, paper, 25f. 25c.; money, 25f. 22io.; three months, paper, 24f. 80c.; money, 24f. 77.Ao. BELGIUM. The In7dpendance Belge publishes the following:" On the afternoon of Saturday the Ministers in a body placed their resignations in the hands of the King. His Majesty said he would consider about*it. "O On Sunday M. H. de Brouckere was sent for, and was received by His Majesty at the Palace of Laeken." AUSTRIA. (FROM OU1. OWN COURMSrONDMUN.) VIENNA, OcT. 3L The Wiener Zeitung of this morning contains an Tmperial Ordinauce which materially alters those fundamental laws relative to the public press that were promulgated on the 6th September, 1850, Already in May, 1852, the Imperial Government modified the laws of September, 1850, by demanding from the political papers a material guarantee for good behaviour (a deposit of some thousands of forins), under the denomination of " cautionmoney." From the year 1852 up to 1856j1things went on smoothly enough, but in proportion as the Ultramontane party gained ground in Austria the complaints of the " license" of the press increased, and some months ago the Archbishop of Vienna and his acolytes formally accused those Austrian paperswhich did not laud theConcordatof antiCatholic tendencies. The charge was hardly noticed by the civil authorities, as they were aware that it was unfounded, but the iniluence of the clergy on the minds of some of the most powerful persons in the empire is unbounded, and, consequently, orders were issued that the necessary measures for keepimg the press within due bounds should be taken. 1f the counsel of his Eminence had been foUowed to the letter the press would have been as heavily fettered as it was 10 years ago; but, as Austria can- not anorct to appear less liberal than Russia, she has taken a middle course. A stamp of one kreutzer (not quite a halfpenny) has been imposed on each copy of the Austrian political organs of the press. The same stamp duty is also to be levied on all foreign political papers which may cross the Austrian frontier. Paragraph 5 of the Imperlal Ordinance is so obscure that it requires official ex planation; but the sense of it probably is, that those papers which pay stamp duty will be forwarded by post free of expense. " Advertisement sheets," not forming part of a periodical, are also to pay one kreutzer stamp duty. As Baron Bruck has countersigned the Imperial Ordinance, the foreign world may imagine that the stamp duty imposed on the periodical press is merely a financial measure, but It is well known here that such is not the case. The consequence of the imposition of the stamp will be, that the majority of the cheap papers will soon cease to exist, and that the dearer ones will lose half their subscribers. It is calculated that the revenue will be raised about 600,000fl. a-year by the new measure. As several of the German papers are prohibited in Austria, we do not get a sight of them, but information has been given me that they every now and then express their opinions on the subject of the Concordat in a way which is not flattering to the statesmen who assisted in its fabrication. In Upper Austria the so-called " reforms" of the orders of the Cistercians, Carmelites, and Capuchins have begun, and in Lower Austria M. Riudiger the bigoted Bishop of Linz, is about to reform the I'ene- dictine convents at St. Polten, Md1k, G6ttweih, Altenburg, and Seitenstaetten. An many of the Ben edictines will refuse strctly to observe the rules made by their founder in the year 515 they will either be secularized or sent into Benedictino convent, which will not be "reformed" until their decease. In one of the leading German papers is a well-written Vienna letter, in which it is observad that it in evidently the object of the Ultramontane party in Austria to get rid of some of the national fraternities, and to put in their places Jesuits, Liguorian3, Lazarists, and Ignorantnes. One passage In the letter (which is likely to produce a Rreat impression here) ils, that the Austrian ywill dwell not to carrymatters rwith too high a hand, and to remember "that the Reformation was brought about'by the inhabitant of a convent." The provincial papers state that a commercial academy is now sure to be founded in this city, the Board having agreed that the directors and profesors of the institution shall be Roman Catholic3, but the news appears to require confirmation. Nearly 60,0001. was subscribedby the Vienn% merchants for the establishment of a great commercial school but most of them declared, when they Signed their names, that they would not pay their subsciptions unless Government solemnly promised that there should be no difference made between thevarious confessions. Now, Government eannot give such a promise, as its principle of action is to make all confesions Subordinate to the Roman Catholic. On the 26th instant MM. Guidi and Schrader, two Jesuits who have just been imported by the Minister of Public Instruction from Rome, began their lectures on dogmatics at the University. According to the Ultramontane organ, the Folk if reun, Pater Guidi, before he began to teach, offered up a fervent prayer to the ImuacnlateMrngin, "to whom he strongly recommended all his lectures." Pater Schrader did nothing in the canting line, bat he was listened to with much attention by the students of theology, as he is a man of talent and speaks well. That the lectures on dogmatics are given in the Latin language need hardl- be said. It is stated in diplomatic circles that the Austrian Government is about to forward a circular to its diplomatic agents abroad, in which mention will ba made of the political agitation that has been caused in the Slavonic provincet of Turkey by the recent events in Moldavia and Wallachia. According to persons -who have seen and conversed with Count Buol since his return to business, he looks well and appears to be in very good spirits. The reports which were in circulation relative to his retirement from office have entirely ceased, Baron Budberg and his friends having clearly seen that they committed a blunder when they indirecly suggested to the Emperor Francis Joseph that the dismissal of his trusty servant would be agreeable to the Emperor Alexander. According to reliable advices from Belgrade, the Senator Garaschinin, who has long been in Paris, has been summoned to return to Servia immediately or to reIgn his offlice. As a matter of course the ConsulsGeneral of the Great Powers have "taken cognizance" of the conspiracy, but the person who is said to play the most prominent part in the matter is the agent of France, whose name, if my memory is nAt at fault, is d'Esserts. It is long since the diplomatic gentlemen at Belgrade have had a matter of real importance to discuss, and it therefore stands to reason that they will make the most of this. The five Senators who are in prison have confessed that they received 5,000 ducats from Miloach Obrenovitsch, the ex- fospodar of Servia, whose object it was to get rid of Prince Alexander. The French Government is fond of meddling, and it would therefore not surprise me to hear that the Servian question Is to be brought before the Paris Conference. According to the Pesth Lloyd, there have been no fewer than 105 bankruptcies in Vienna during the last two months. Three or four firms of minor importance have suspended payment to-day, but still there was a slight improvement on 'Change. ITALY. (FROM OUR OWN CORnaSPONDMiT.) TURIN, OCT. 31. Turin bas just sushaned a most severe if not an irreparable, loss in the death of Count diuseppe Siccardi, which took place the night before last. The late Count was a distinguished jurist, and had for many years past held some of the highest offices in the magatracy to the entire. satisfaction of all political opinions. The late King of Sardinia, Charles Albert, had so much respect for the judgment of Count Siccardi that it is said he particularly recommended him to his son in his private communications as one whose counsel was most to be depended upon. Even before 1848 Count Siccardi had effected some important legal reforms by advising his Sovereign to abolish certaia privileges and immunities of the nobility and of persons belonging to the orders of Knighthood, but it will be by his law for the suppression of the Ecclesiastical Courts, which he carried through Parliament in 1849, while holding the portfolio of the Ministry of Grace and Justice, that he will be best known to the world at large. In 1848 Count Siccardi was intrusted by King Charles Albert with a special diplomatic missioa to the Pope at Gaeta, which, of course, was not successful, as its object was to establish, or rather re-establish, a friendly feeling between the two Governments, without Piedmont sacrificing its independence to Rome. Since his retirement from the Ministry, which, in consequence of declining health, occurred soon after the passing of the Bill for the suppression of the Ecclesiastical Courts, Count Siccardi has held the office of President of the Criminal Department of the Court of Appeal, and, having been created a Senator by the King, he has continualy given his support to the policy of the Cavour Ministry, both foreign and domestic, and there is no doubt that to his brilliant eloquence and persuasive argamients the present Government has been more than once indebted for a majority in the Upper House. The death of such a man naturally casts a gloom over society. The King is reported to have been much affected on hearing of it; and, as the official paper justly remarks in concluding its notice of the melancholy event, " the death of Count Siccardi is a national affliction." The Genoa Gazette announces that the French Imperial steamer Du Chayla, 16, commanded by Captain Longueville, arrived in that port from Marseilles on the 28th, having on beard his Excellency the Duc de Grammnont, Ambassadorfrom the Emperor of the French to His Holiness the Pope, who is on his way to his new post. The Minister of the Interior has received a telegram from Cagliari, dated yesterday, by which Mr. R. S. Newall, the contractor for laying the sabmarine telegraph from the island of Sardinia to the coast of Africa, says-" I have the honour to inform you that I have completed the line of submarine telegraph between Bona and Cape Spartivento." A subscription has ben opened here for the sufferers by the Indian mutiny, to which King Victor Emmanuel, with his accustomed generosity, has contributed lO,OOOf. TE DAUBIA PRINCIP.ALrrIS w e nave received the text of the declaraton of the Divan ad hoc of Moldavia. After stating the grounds which caused it to come to the declaration, it says: "The real and true wishes of the coumtry are:- "L Respect of the rights of the Principalities, and espe clally of their autonomy, according to the tenor of their ancient stipulations, concluded with the Sublme Porte in 1393, 1460, 1511, and 1634. "IL. The union of the Principalities in one sole State under the name of Roumania. " III. An hereditary foreign Prince, selected from one o the reigning dynasties of Europe, and whose heirs shall b 3 brought up in the relgion of the country. "IV. Neutrality of the territory of the Principalities. "V. The legielative power to be intrusted to a general Assembly, in which all the interests of the nation shall be represented. " All these rights to be under the collective guarantee of Ithe Powers that signed the Treaty of Paris."
THE CHRYSANTNEMEU3IS IN T TEMPLE GARDENS. -The above gardens now present a most beautiful appearance, there being thousands of that beautiful flower the chrysanthemum in full bloom in i pwards of 100 varieties, among the finest of which may be noticed-Queen of England, Vesta, Erigena, Cassy, Leon Lequay, Madams Lebois; and among the pompones, or small variety, Drin Drin, Cedo Nulli, Master 3obert, Madame Roussilon, &G. The how th year is finer than it has been for some years past, which the gardener attributes in a great measure to the suppression oi the smoke nuisance. The above gardens reflect the highest credit on the gardener and also on the henchers of the Inner and Mtiddle Temple, rvho, with their accustomed liberality and kindness, have throw them opsn to public inspection. A vlslt to the above will amply repay any lov the above beantifal autumnal flower for his visit to the Temple Gardens.
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY. LcorN's.nT. NThv R DIXrN V n l w (Before the LoRD CHamELLor.) This part-heard appeal from thbe Mster of the Roln was this morning resumed. The facts were that by an agreenent made in August, 1826, between Mrs Finucane (who was entitled to halt a real estate) and Mr. Dunbar, Dunbar agreed to discharge an unsatisfted claim of 500L. on Mrs. Finucane, " upon having an assignment of all the right and interest of Mrs. Finucane in the one-half conveyed to hine," and upon such assignment Mr. Dnnbar thereby, In consideration of the conveyance of such property, agreed to pay lIrs. Finucane 251., and ",to grant an annuity of 50L per annum " durin the several lives of three Persons mentioned, " to be secured by bond," and Mrs. Finucane and Mr. Danbar thereby I mutually agreed to perform aU such farther acts aa in Law should be requisite for the completion of the agreement when required." By subsequent dealings the right to the half of the estate, which had never been conveyed, vested in Fluker, and the right to the annuity,which had never been secured, and was greatly in arrear, had become vested in Bayley. By the decree in the cause, made in 1853, the rights of Fiaker and Bailey to the estate and annuity were declared. And it was declared that Bayley was entitled to have the arrears and futu±e payments properly secured according to the agreementand if the same had not been so secured, then it was ordered that the arrears and future payments should be properly recured accordlngly, such security to be settled by the judge in chambers. Before the Chief Clerk Bayley contended that he had a lien upon the estate for the consideration to be paid for the purchase, and to have the annuity and arears secured by a charge upon the property. On the other hand, Fl#er insisted that t BaytLe was entitled to was to have the personal security of the purchaser or his representatives for payment of the annuity. The point was adjourned for argument in court. The Master of the Rolls held that Bayley had no lien on the estate for payment of the annuity, and was merely entitled to have it secured by the bond of the purchaser. Bayley now appealed from the decree, on the ground that It ought to have contained a declaration that he had a charge by way of lien on the estate, and also complained of the way in which the cota had been taxed by the Master. Mr. IL Palmer and Mr. Goren appeared for the appellant, Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Tayler contrd. The LoRD CHACELLOR said he would dispose of the case on Saturday. (Beforc aht LoBDs JusTrczs of Am&r4 None of the cases before this Court was of such a nature as to require a report. During the morning Mr. Words. worth, one of the recently-appointed Queen's Counsel, was called within the bar with the usual formalities.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COURTS.ATTI-AV NVnr 2 IMUORD V. C.An'W.- (Before Yice-Chancellor Sir R. T. KTPnRqT.1 I Mr. ELDBBTON moved in this cause that a sum of 540L Consols might be transferred to a party to whom a power of attorney had been given in this country by the legatee, Charles Cooke, who was resident at Melbourne. There was evidence of the legatee having attained 21, and the only question was whether, as the fund stood to the legacy account of Charles Cooke, the order could be made updn motion. In the case of "Heathooto v. Birch," in Jacob's reports, Lord Eldon thought that in a clear case a motion was the proper course, a petition only being necessary where there was some question. The VICEHCNCELLOR said that a sum standing to a legacy account of * party and to the account of the legates hitmself were very different things; thc former implied some question, hut tn the present case, if Mr. MIetca]fe (the registrar) sawv no difficulty, the order moight be passed. Mfr. Wordsworth, having been appolntd one of Her Majesty's Counsel, was called within the bar of this court. (Before Vwc-OharnceZor Sir W. P. WOOD.) LATONE V. THE FALKLAND ISLANDS COMPANY. The arguments upon this motion, which was for the production of, and for liberty to inspect, certain documents in the possession of the defendants and sealed up, were resumed. Au affidavit was now produced by thesoliitorofthe defendants claiming protection for the documents and letters in question, on the ground that they were privileged com. munications and had been written in answer to inquiries directed to be made by him as the solicitor of the Company for the purpose of procuring evidence in the cause, and in pursmnce of the instructions sent out by him as such solicitor. The point raised in the motion was whether an agent of the company sent out by them to the Falkland Islands, by the advice of their solicitor, for the -purpose of procuring evidence to support the case of the company, was so fsr an agent of the solicitor as to entitle the letters and reports transmitted by him to protection as privileged communications. M1r. ROLT and Mr. GIYFASiD, on behalf of the plaintiff, supported the motion for production. Miir. WILLCoCK and Wr. HARDY, for the company, opposed the motion. The VICu-CH.NcExor. said that he could not, without overruling "Steele v. Stewart," 1 Phillips, 471, refuse protection to these documents. In that case the person sent abroad to procure evidence was the agent of both solicitor and client, nor was it inconsistent to say that he was the agent of the solicitor in doing what was ordinarily the duty of the solicitor. The real test was what was he doing. Clearly that which but for unavoidable circumstances the solicitor himself would have done. It was not convenient for the solicitor to go out in person to the Falkland Islands, nor probably to send any of his clerks, and accordtngly he had directed the company to send out an agent to get up the evidence. The agent was sent out, and after procuring the evidence transmitted it to England for the very purpose of its being communicatei to the solicitor, and the case was clearly within the authorities which had been cited in support of thVproposition that such communications mere privileged. With respect to certain paseages mentioned in the affidavit of the solicitor, as "relating to instructions given by the company to him as such solicitor relating to this suit," and a communication *- with reference to an opinion of counsel taken upon the question at issue in this suit," he would himself open the documents as to these passages, and look into them to see whether they were entitled to protection.
COURT OF QUEENS BENCI. WxsTmmqT Nat ' j THISTLEWOOD AMD ANOTR1R V. T.AAMifRR A- 'A t&tUtnp3 in Banco, before Lord CAMPBLLL and Justices I ~ COLEB1DGE. WIGHrTMA. and RRT Mr. MANISTY, Q.C., moved for a rule to show cause why the verdict in this action, which had been found for the defendants, should not be set aside and a new trial granted, upon the ground that the defendants' attorney, who had been subpcenaed to produce his daybook at the trial, had disobeyed the subpcena, and had not brought it. The learned counsel said there was good reason for believing that if the book had been produced the entries made therein would have contradicted the evidence given by the attorney and by other witnesses, and would have been material to establish the plaintiffs' case. The COURT granted a rule tiisi. EX PARTE JA.ES GREEWOOD. In this case a rule had been granted to show cause why the judge of the County Court at York should not hear and adjudicate in the matter of the insolvency of one James Greenwood, an insolvent, on a petition and schedule trans. mitted from the Insolvent Court in London. The insolvent had been committed to York Castle in February, 1856, and removed to the Queen's Prison in London. A petition was then presented by a creditor to the Insolvent Court in London that the insolvent's estate and effects might be vested in a provisional assignee, and the insolvent, having filed his schedule, was sent back to York; but the judge of the County Court at York declined to proceed on the creditor's retition, upon the ground that he had no jurisdiction. The jndge thought that under the 10th section of the 10th and 11th of Victoria, cap. 102, hehad jurisdiction only where a petition was presented by the insolvent himself, and not, as here, where the petition was presented by a creditor. Mr. KDNOWVLES, Q.C., and MIr. RAOND showed cause against the rule, and contended that the decision of the judge wvas right. MIr. M1ACOUBRSY, in support of the rule, contended that the insolvent must be considered as having adopted the petition of the creditor. The COURT took time to consider. TENNANT V. FPLD. The question raised in this case was whether the facts proved amounted to an impounding of the goods which had been seized as a distress for rent in arrear. Mr. D. Seymour (with whom was Mr. Hawkins) and Mr. Overend, Q.C., and Mr. Raymond having been heard for the respective parties, Lord CAMPBELL said the only question was whether there had been an loipounding of the goods. There had been a tender of the sum of 35g. odd, and the only question was whether there had been an impounding before tender had been made. An inventory of the goods had been taken and a man put in possession, and this was done with the sanction of the tenant's wife and ratified by him. If the goods had all been put in one room, or in a cellar, would not that have been an impounding? How, then, could it be sad that this was not an impoundinF? His Lordship thought that this was tantamount to an impounding, and therefore the Court could consistently with all the cases hold that there was an impounding of the goods before tender. The other judges were of the same oDinon. Ihude accordingly. BROOK AND ANOTHER V. ASTON. Mr. H. HILL, Q.C., moved, pursuant to leave reserved, for a rule to enter a nonsuit or a verdict for the defendant. The action was brought to recover damages for the infringement of a patent granted to the plaintiffs on the 23d of Febrnary, 1856, for " an improvement in finishing yarns of wool and hair, and in the fnishing of woollen fabrics and piece goods." The objection to the plaintiffs' piatent was that on the 25th of NovembeL 1853, they had taken out the same patent, the only diffei*nce being that whereas the former patent was applicable only to cotton and linen yaru the second patent of 1856 was applicable also to yarns of I wool and hair." It was, in fact, the application of an old machine to a new use, which it had been decided was not the subject of a patent. (Hindmcrsh on Patceas, 94, Lord ClAMPBELL said the learued counsel might take a rule. MILLER AND ANOTHER, ASSIGNEES OF OLIVER,V. DRAER. This was an action brought by the assignees of a bankrupt named " Tom Oliver," to recover the value of certain goods of the bankrupt which had been seized by the dofendant. At the trial, which took place before Mr. Baron Martin at the last Glocester Assizes, it appeared that " Tom Oliver " was a horse trainer at Prestbury, near Cheltenham, vbo had given the defendant a warrant of attoruey, under which his goods were taken in execution. The bankrapt had left Prestbury in March, 1856, and did not retarn, but cn the 1st of Augnst following he petitioned the Bristol District Bankruptcy Court, and w eas adjud bankrupt The learned strjeant contended that the Brlstol Dlstrlet Court had no jurisdiction to entertain the petition, inasmuch as the 90th section of the Bankrupt Act, 12th aud 13th Victoria, cap. 106, enacted "that every petition for adjudication of bankruptcy against or by any trader liable to become a banklrupt shall be filed and prosecuted in the c urt wit] in the dislrict of which such trader shal have resided or carried on business for six months next immedzitely preceding the time of filing such petition, except where otherwise in tSis Act specially provided." Lord CAMPBELL asked whether it was competent at any time to question the adjudication. Mr. Serjeant PIGOTr contended that it was so, and he referred to the form of the petition contained in the schedule to the Act in support of his argument. The bankrupt ought to have gone to the conrt in London, who might have sent the case to any other court. The learned serieaut also contended that the learned indge had misdirected the jury in telling them that the giving the warrant of attorney to the defendant was an act of bankruptcy. The warrant of attorney was given under preesnre, and such an act was not An act of bankruptcy, unless it was done with an intent to defraud or delay his other creditors. Here the defendant had promised to pay all the creditors IF. in the pound, and to keep S5. in the pound for himself. The COU=R granted a rule upon both points. RIDEAU V. SALISBURY. This was an action for false imprisonment, and aso to recover the sum of 7001. and interest due upon the asdgnment of a bottomry bond. At the trial, wch took lace some time since before Mr. Justice Coleridge at Guildhall, the plaintiff obtained a verdict for 7561. 12s. for the amount, with interest, due on the assignment, and 5. for the imprisonment. It appeared that the plaintiff was a person who had kept a boardinghouse at Melbourne, and returned to England in a vessel named the Nun, of which a person named Bamaden was master and part owner. On the voyago and subae. quently she had advanced money to Ramaden on ccount of the ship, which advances were secured by a bottomry bond. As she wished to obtain repayment of her money, Ramaden Introduced her to the defendant, who was wiling to take an assignment of the bond and to pay the amount. The parties met at the office of a gentleman named Htarrison in the city to complete the tramsaction; but when the assignment was prepared and read over to the plaintiff and executed, and the defendant was called upon by Mr.1Harrisonforthe mioney, the latter said he had left his checkbook at home, thoughitturnedout that he never had anybanking an. count. Upon this Mr. Harrison gave the bond with the assgnment endorsed upon it back to the plaintiff, and left the room. According to the plaintiff's evidence the defendant then snatched the document out of her hand, saying that he would take her to his house and give her the money, but that he had never done so. After some months the defendant seized the ship, and the plaintiff, becoming in. portonate for her money, was glven into custody for making a violent disturbance at the defendant's house. The present action was then brought. The evidence of the plaintiff s confirmed by Ramsden, who said the defendant had often promised to make it all right with the plaintiff, and to pa er the money, but the defendant himself positively swore that he had paid the plaintiff the money at his own house on the same day the assdigment was executed. The evidence being thus contradictory the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff; but subsequently a rule was granted for a new tril, upon the ground that the verdict was against the evidence. M[r. OvEREND, Q C., and Mr. TAPPNG now showed caused against the rule, which was supported by Serjeant SEEB and Mr. CHAXocr. LOrd CAMIPBELL said he could not say that the jury were eertainly wrong in their verdict, or that another jury would find a different verdict. Ho therefore thought the verdict ought not to be disturbed. Mr. JUsticG COLER1DGE said he should have been better pleased if the verdict had been the other way; but he could not say the iury were wrong, still less could he say that another jury would find another verdict. Mr. Justice WXGPT&N was of the same opinion. Lord CAm irELL added that the jury were the judges of the facts, and unless the Court saw clearly that they were wrong,t ought not to interfere. Buledicharged. BAIL COURT, TUESDAY. (Sisgss at N.ii Prus, beforc Mr. Justice CROMPTOX and Common Turies.) This was the first sitting at Westminster for the present term. The list contained an entry of nine causes, ofw hich one was a remanet. JANAWAY V. BAILS. Mr. Huddleston and Mr. H. James were oounsel for the plaintiff; Mfr. M. Chambers and Mr. Barstow appeared for the defendant. This action was brought to recover compensation for in. juries sustained by the plaintiff from the alleged negligence of the defendant's servant. The plaintiff is a greengrocer residing at Walworth. The defendant is a proprietor of some of the Brixton omnibuses. The case for the plaintiff, as it appeared from his evidence and that of the witnesses called by him, was that on the morning of the 13th of November, 1856, about 20 nminutes past 10, he was drawing a truck full of vegetables along igh-street, Borough, on his way homefrom market; near St. George's Church there was a cart in his way, and he pulled up on his own side of the road quite close to the kerbstone. At the moment the defendant's omnibus, drawn by three horses and going very fast on the way to town, came up. There was a waggon before it. The driver puUed to the wrong side to pass, his fore wheel struck the track, it swung round, and the plaintiff was thrown under the omnibus, the hind wheel of vhich assed over his legs. hEe was conveyed to St. Thomas's ospital, and remained an i-p atient for 24 weeks; he was stil very weak, a lmost incapable of doing work. Ater he was knocked down the driver took no notice of him, hut drove on until he was stopped by a man who had witnessed the oCcurrence. eor the defence the driver and conductor of the omnibus, and sou e of the passengers who were oustside at the time, were called. Their statement wa3 that the omnibus was going at a moderate pace; just before the accident, the driver pulled out towards the centre of the road in order to pass three or four carts w/hich were drawrn up at his near sde; the plaintiff and two other men with trucks were on his off side some distance from the keabrtone, he called out to them, and the fore whede passed withoult touch fngi the plaintiff then turned in towards his own side, in hoine which he turned the tall of the truck, and the hind wheel of the omnibus struck it; it swrung round, and the plaintiff was knocked down. He, however, got up almost immediately, and did not appear to be much aut A h defendant's witnesses stated positively that the wheel could not have passed over the plaintiff. The driver pulled up as soon as he knew that a man had been knockea down, hut he drove on again, as it did not appear that any serious injury had been done. The jury eventanlly returned a verdict for the plaintiffDamages 1001.
COURT OF COMImTN Pr.E.Aq W-- . - I-- (Bittingz n Baneo, ichae2m Term, before Lord Chief .uiCe COCiBUIL and Justices~ WnuiM-~s, CROWDEI~, and WILLMs) Mrs. Cobbett this morning renewed her application for a habeas for her husband, on the ground that he was im- properly remanded to the custody of the sheriff at Hiorse. monger-lane Gaol, instead of being sent to the Queen's Phison, under an order of Mr. Justice Crowder. In answer to his LoRitsHP's inquiry whether her affidavit showed that the half guinea fee payable by statute on such removal had been paid, Mrs. Cobbett proceeded with muoh volubility to contend that the fee was a Crown fee, and if not paid the Crown should have lodged a detainer against Mr. Cobbett for the amount, but its being unpaid did not affect his right to be transferred to the Queen's Prison. Her affidavit having been read, The LORD CHIEF JUSTICE said,-I am of opinion that the course pursued by my brother Crowder was perfectly correct on Mr. Cobbett coming before him. Mr. Cobbett was bound to p.ythe half*guinea bysta-tute, as a condition precedent to is removal to the Queen's Prison. The other learned Judges concurred. Application refused. LAST V. EDWARDS. In this case Mr. Serjeant BALLAINTDE showed cause against a rule obtained by Mr. Hawkins for a new trial on the ground of surprise. The action was brought on a biUl of exchange for 501., dra.'n at six months by Thomas Miller and accepted by the defendant and endorsed to the plaintiff. The plaintiff is a trunk maker, and a person named Wright, having bought 241. worth of goods from him, tendered the bill in question in payment; and the plaintiff, knowing nothing of Wright or of the defendant, except being told that he was a clerk in the Post-office, discounted the biU at 5 per cent., and on its arriving at maturity it was dishonoured. The defendant denied his accepitnce, and at the trial there was much conflict of evidence as to the deo fendaut's usual signature, when he signed his full name or the initials of his Cbristian name. There were affidavits of surprise on behalf of the plaintiff, that when the bill was produced the defendant's name appeared to be signed infull, the ovidence being thathe usually signed his initials. Mr. HAWKins having been heard In support of the rule, The LOBD CiEF JusTicE said the Court thought, under all the circumstances, considering that new evidence was brought forward, that it would be more satisfactory thAt there should be a new trial, the costs to abide the event. lule absolute. GRESLLR AND OTHERS V. KNG. This was an action tried before Mir. Justice Willes at the last sittings in London, when a verdict was found for the defendant, the jury stating " because he had been impro. perly interfered vpith in the execution of his work." Mr. Serjeant SHEE now moved for a new trial, on the ground that the verdiot was against evidence. The action was brought against a master carpenter for so negligently erecting a shelf that it broke down and destroyed 561. worth of wine. The plaintiff was a wine merchant, and wanted I the shelf to place sample bottles of wine on. The defendant was told to make it strong-that It would have to support a great weight. The defendant employed a workman to whom he told notbing about the weight, and he fastened the bracket supports into a thin panelling with short screws, which gave way nnder the weight of w ine bottles. In the course of the work the plaintiff had suggested some alteration, which he had a perfect right to do. Rule ni.i granted. MGHIHoRsE V. LORD AND LADY sARRINOTOg. This was an action tried at Derby at the last assizes before Mr. Justice Cresswell, when a verdict was found for the plaintiff for 750i. damages. Mr. E. JAmES, Q.C., now moved to set aside the verdict on the ground that the damages were excessive. The action was brought by the plaintiff, who is vicar of Elvaston, to 'ecover damages for a slander uttered by Lady Harrington especting him. The plaintiff was vicar of the parish in which Blvaston Castle, the seat of Lord Harrington, was situated, and it appeared there had been some quarrels In the parisb, regarding which Lady Harrington adopted one view contrary to that of the vicar, The defence set up was that the alleged slander had been much exaggerated in being repeated, and was never intended to be repeated. It appeared that a MEr. Jones was the curate of the parish, and that one Sunday he went to take luncheon at the Castle, and afte, luncheon, wben in the drawing-room with the Countess of Harrlngton, a conversation took place relating to the Saorament, when Lady Harrington, addresing Mr. Jonee, xgid, ' We never take the Sacrament from Highoore, because he Is to wicked a man. Whenever I take it I go to Alveton. I never take it here because of that man Highlmore. He keeps the Sacrament money, and never gives any to ihe poor. He pocketed the money given for the repairs of the church, and is a low vulgar feUow, and so had a charaete: ihat Lord Harrington cannot reoeive him." This was the libel charged In the declaration. Mr. Jones in Ils evidenoe said ho was the curate of the parish, and on the 12d of February last he went to the Castle to lunch, and faw the Countess of Harrington in her drawing-room. After the ordinary compliments of the day her Ladyship asked who administered the Sacrament on the following Sunday, when he said Mr. Highmore. Her Ladyship then Faid, " We never take the Sacrament from that man High. more, because he is so wlicked a man. He is always playing cards and gambling. He and his wife are constantly drunk and lying rolling on the floor. He is always tellinglies, and neverspeakathe truth." Forthe defenceLadyBarrington was called and gave a modified version of this conversation. Her account was that she said Mr. Higbmore Was not A good man, that he had not accounted for the scrament money. but never said he had pocketed it. That the Dnke of Lein6ter had given 101. and the farmers 201. to throw opcen the tower of the church, which was used as a co^l hole, and that Mr. Highmore had not for years applied the subscription to that purpose. She did not say he gambled, but did say that two curates of Mr. Highmore were drunken, ard she might have said that Milr. EiBhmore had been a rider at Astley's. The learned connaei submitted that party politics ran very high in Derbyshire, and that the damages given for this conversation with the curate, not intended to be repeated, and repeated only to the plaSntiff, were exces. sive. The LORD CHxi' JusTicz.-That all depended on how far the jury gave credit to Mr. Jones's statement. Sup. posing they gave credit to him and believed that Lady Harrington said the plaintiff was appropriating the Sacrament me ney intended for the poor, and th;t he and his wife were rollinS drunk on the floor, I must say I think the damakes anythbng but excessive. hMr. JAmss submitted that it was 31r. Jones's duty to have put Lady Harrington on her guard, and not to have gone as a tale-bearer. The LORD CursF JusTcx-We are all of opinion that there should be no rule in this case. In a confliot of evidence between Mr. Jones and Lady Barrin ton submitted to a special jury it was very unlikely that aU the 12 should have been of hostile poBtic The matter havirg been submitted to the jurv, and they having found Mr. Jones's statement worty of belief and taken that as th; basis on which they found their verdlct, I, for one, have no hesitaion in expressing my opinion that the damages are not at all exoessive, considering the destructive character of the slander against Mir. Highmore as a gentleman and a clergyman. The other learned Judges were of the same opinion. Rule refused. OSSOP V. TAT. This was an action tried at Liverpool Assizes before ar. Baron Watson, who nonsuited the plaintifL Mr. BRLrT now moved to set aside the nonlsit on the ground of misdirection, and for a new trial. The plaintiff sought to recover damages for an accident arising from the negligence of the defendant, by which he was seriously injured. The defendant was a builder at Liverpool engaged m erecting some buildings in Water-street in that town, and he had erected a hoarding which projected over a part of the street, against which he had placed a windlass called " a cat and cradle." The hoarding was liable to be knocked down by lorries laden with cotton, and the defend. ant had been warned it was dangerous. The hoarding ws knocked dowrn by a loaded lorry passing, wiithout fault of the carman, and the cat and cradle falling over seriously injured the plaintiff in his hackZ Mr. Baron Watson held that it was an accident, pnd that the defendant was not liabla, and directed a nonsult;. }Rule snis granted.
COUIRT OF EXCHEQUR. TuESDAT. Nov-. q SYRES V. PTlIErqR1TT.T. -r. WILDE moved to consolidate 48 actions which had been brought by the plaintiff on three policies against underwriters, or to stay the plaintiff from proceeding in all of them except two, which might be selected from the mass as representatives of the classes into which this ligitation might resolve itself. The actions were all brought by Messrs. Hoffman, but in the name of the smsured, -who had transferred his interest to that firm, and some of the defen. dants had "initiated" the endorsement of that transfer, while others had not, and it was proposed that two actions might be tried which would decide all the others, the defendants being desirous of plealing the banhruptcy of Mr. Syres and driving the asignees to sue, in which case it would be open to the defendants to plvvd a set-off. Mr. 1i8sTy showed cause against the rule in the first instance, contending that if it vere msde absolute encouragement would be given to underwriters to combine toge. ther at a small individual cost to contest a just claim on these policies, while it was clear that It was impossible to select two cases which would decide all the questions in all the causes, as the plea of set-off would dve rise to a distinct inquiry into the mode of dealing in eac case. Mr. WILDB was stopped in his reply by The CETmF BA.RoN, who said that It was hbhly desirable to put a stop to ad unneosary litJgation, and that there was no doubt on the mind of the Court that the rule ought to be made absoluto, the only question being the terms. Those had better be settled by a judge at chambers, unless the parties could agree in the meantime. Rule absolute accordingly. PRICE V. POWELL. Mr. GROVE moved to enter a verdict for the defendant, or for a new trial. The action, which was an eje ctment, was tried at Brecon before Mr. Justice Crowder, w en a verdict passed for the plaintiff. The questionraised by the action was whethera wilt had been legally revoked withinthe20thsection of the Btatuto of Wills (7th Villiam IV., and 1st Victoria), 'which enacts that "no will shall be revooked unless (izter alia) it be burnt, torn, or otherwise destroyed by the testator, or in his presence, with the intention of revoking the same." The will in question had been sealed, which was a work of supererogation, and it appears that the testator, intending to revoke it, had torn off the seal, and with it the last two letters of the word ' funeraL"l Under these circumnstances it was submitted that there had not been any revocation within the statute, even if the testator had in. tentionally torn off the paper which contained the portion of the text of the will; upon which latter point the opinion of the Court had not been taken, the circumstances having escaped observation until the jury had retired. The COLsT granted a rule nizi on both grounds. (Siaings at Nisi Pries, before Mr. Baron JMART and Common JurzcS.) This was the first day of the sittings at Nisi Prius at WeAtminsterin M ichaelmas Term. There were nine causes entered for trial, of which one was struck out, three were withdrawn, and four were undefended. The only defended cause was an action of ejectment, which contained no mat. ter interesting to the public.
E;COTrF.OlTl;RTT A %TP-PD The Court sat in error this morning; several of the judges were present. The LORD CniEx JusTIcz of the Common Pleas announced that the Court would sit on Tuesday and *Vednesday, the 10th and 11th inst., to hear errors from the Court of Queen's Bench. It would also sit on Thursday and Friday, the 26th and 27th inst., to hear errors from the Court of Exchequer. It would furtber sit on Saturday, the 28th intt., to hear errors from the Court of Common Pleas, and it would sit on the ensuing Monday, if necessary, to hear errors from the Court of Common Pleas and Queen's Bench. There were several cases down for judgment, but no further business was transacted.
A MOST BLOODY DuEgL.-A duel took place between Mr. C. M. Blair and Colonel Casey, at Stockton, which resulted in the death of the latter. We quote from the &ocldo,s Argus the following particulars, which show this to be about the bloodiest and most desperate duel on record:-".A duel came off at an early hour on Tuesday morning, a few miles from this city, between Mr. C. M. Blair and Colonel Casey, both of Merced County. A bitter animosity has for some time past existed between the parties, growing out of a rivalry in the effort to obtain the hand of a Miss L-, a young lady of prepossessing personal appearance and accom. plishments, at present residing with her father on the Staniflaus. Mr. Blair and Colonel Casey met in the bar-room of the Webber-house on Monday morning, each accoonpa. nied by frlends, where a conversation ensued between them, at first apparentlyin a friendly manner; but Blair, becoming vexed at the indifference which his rival assumed, made some severe charges, which Casey denounoed as false, and at the same tim%e rising from his seat, struck Blair a severe blow with his fist, Casey drew his revolver, but was prevented using it by persons present. Blair, being unarmed, stepped back, but was pursued by Casey, who dealt him another severe blow upon the face. The friends of the parties, however, succeeded in preventing bloodshed and restoring order, shortly after which arrangements were made for a settlement of the difficulty by other means. Yesterday morning was fixed as the time of meeting, at a place three miles from the city, where the parties met at about daylight, accompanied by a few spectators. The ground was measured, a distance of ten paces, and, the word oeing given, shots were exchanged. On the first fLre each party missed aim. The second shot took effect upon Casey, causing a slight flesh wound. Upon attempting the third shot the cinder upon Casey's pistol refused to revolve in consequence of an exploded cap lodging upon the tube. Firing was then discontinued for about ten minutes, during whicb time the weapons (Colt's six shooters) were reloaded In evesy chamber, and firing was again remumed. Each party exchanged six shots in quick succession without the 'w ord,' three of which took effect upon Casey, while Blair escaped without injury. The most dangerous wound received by Casey was a shot which entered the peritoneum or abdominal lining. A ball also passed through the abdominal muscles. Notwithstanding the wounds received by Colonel Casey, it is Eaid that he exhibited an apparent unconcern throughout the firing. He was brought into the city by his friends, and is at present at the Magnolia-house. Blair, as might have been expected, has mace his escape, probably to await the result of Casey's wfounds, We hase known Colonel Casey for a number of years as one of the earliest settlers upon the farming]lands along theTuolumneriver. He is known and esteemed by a large circle of friends and acquaintances as a gentleman worthy of all confidence; and we trust that the unfortunate affair in whicb he has become involved may not terminate fatally. The duel was, undoubtedly, one of the meet desperate on record, and we only regret the neces. Eity that compelled the resort to such ha2ardous means of adjusting a personal dificulty." ThemSanJoaquins epublica ays that, badly wounded as Colonel Caey ws, he insisted uon having ano'.her round of six shots each, Which his friends, of course, prohiblted,Oalifornjan Paper. FAdvertisement.-Price 2s. od. London to Lahor, pith map. E ba Wilson, Vial Ex ags, Lodon.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Basirng1hli-streeS, Nov. 3. Is R ESMGROV THEYOrNGER AN-D RAW -l- (Before Mr. CommI,4ioMer HOLROYD. His HoNouR said,-This is an application by the bank. rupts for their certificates. Mr. Bagley appeared as counsel for the assignees, and also for Mr. More, harness manufacturer, and one ,f the assignees, being a creditor for 3,131. 7s. 3d., opposed the application; Mr. Stopher, sulicitor for Samuel Fox Stephens, bill. broker, and creditor for 3,4081. iSs. 7d.. also opposed; and M1r. Lawrence, solicitor, supported the application for Sadgrove, jun., and Mr. Pook, solcitur, for RaPg. His TaoiouR sadd,-I think the course of trading pursued by thoes bankrupts was both reckless and dishonest, No case within my experience exhibits a more glaring abuse of the facilities given to the operations of trade by the free circulation of bll.s of exchange ; or, as regards Ragg, a mUore shameless dereliction of the duty which he owed to those who were in his employ, forgetting altogether that the relation of mnaster and servant ought to " bespeak reciprocated duties;" and his conduct as a trader is certainly not rendered less culpable by the effrontery with which (when utnder examination) he admitted the charges made against him. The bankrupt (Sadgrove the younger), having for some time previously crrried on the trade of an upholsterer, in Soptember, 1854, formed a partnership with Re who bad been, I believe, a bill- broker. They continuea tho business of upholsterers, commencing with a capital of about 2,000., as follows:-Ragg advanced 500., and had credit for a sum owing to him by Sadgrove the younger, which made his shire of the capital-1,0661. ; and the difference betweea the estimated value of the assets of Sadgrove, the younger (9,984. Os. 8d.?. and the amount of the debts which he owed at that time (9,0471. ls. 6d), and which include the debt dne to Ragg, and the sum of 3,1001., a balance due to Sadgrove the elder, for the purchase by Sadgrove the younger, of the stock in trade, left a sum of 9361. 9s. 2d. in favour of Sadgrove the younger and this sum constituted his share of the capital in the partnership. The firm received the assets of Sadgrove the younger and took upon itself the liquidation of his estate. From the confused state of the accounts it became difficult to ascertain with accuracy the result of the liquidation, but the above substantially represents the balance according to the statement of the accountant. After less than 24 years' trading-namely, In January, 1857, the bankrupts attempted to make an arrangement with their creditors and to wind-up under inspection. The proposal was that the partnership should be dissolved, Ragg was to retire, and Sadgrove to continue the business, and the creditors were to be paid a compensation of 12s. in the pound ; but this arrangement failing, Sadgrove and Ragg, on the 19th of February following, were adjudged bankrupts on their own petiton. At the date of the bankruptcy they owed, in round numbers, 22,6701., exclusive of liabilities on customeres bills receivable discounted (6,5461.), and above 12,500l. of the 22,6701. were debts contracted on fictitious bills. The assets promise to pay 9s. or lOs. in the pound. The returns during the period over which the balance-sheet extends (about 2 years) amount to 141,3911., the gross profits being 15,2221., or aboat 10i per cent., while their rade expenses are 15,5981., or about 11 per cent. The losses on bad and doubtful debts and realization of assets are 4,8641., of which 2,5831. are bad debts; and the drawings by Sadgrove are 2,4271., and by Ragg, 4611. The bills of exchange received of customers for value amount to 95,271., most o which were discounted, and in the trade expenses there is an item on this account for discount of 3,5091. The trade expenses exceeded the profits by i per cent., leaving, th_refore, nothing for division between the partners. It appears that the bankrupts not only obtained discount for theix customers' bills, but early in the partnership, in February, 1855, they commenced the dangerous system of accommodation paper. I need hardly observe upon the pernicious effect of a fabricated credit by the undue use of accommodation bills; it is notorious ia the commercial world. Money raised in this way generally bears a. high rate of interest; in the present case 10 or 12 per cent. was paid. It is obvious that the payment of so high a rate of interest on borrowed capital as against the ordinary rate of mercantile profit (in this case being abont 10J per cent. on the returns) must, when systematically pursued, be productive of ruin to the borrower. WVhat other result, then could Sadgrove and Ragg expect? Indeed, I thiln the only way in which a trader can with safety trade upon borrowed capital is by borrowing of those who do not wlsh to nake use of their capital themselves by constantly turning it, but are willing to lend it for a considerable period of time, and are satisfied with receiving a moderate rate of interest for the use of it. Widely different are the dealings in accommodation paper. The spurious paper which the bankrupts issued in 18i5 amounted to 8,7221., and in 1856 to 29,3551., and in the few weeks of 1857 to 1,3001. Much of this paper was discounted by a person named More, one of the opposing creditors and, looking to the evidence of More and his son, I think there is no doubt that Ragg induced More to helieve that the bills which he offered for discount were trade bills, and that More discounted them with that belief. Whether they were trade bils or not may, perhaps, not be very material to the discounter, who may be considered to take them on the credit of the persons whose names are upon the bills. StiU this circumstance will not operate as a license for deceit on the part of the borrower, for the use of fictitious bils is injurious to the public as well as to the parties engaged in the negotiation, destroying as it must all conidence, and thus strildng at the very root of commercial morality. It turns out that the bills in question were manufactured by Ragg-that the acceptors in many in. stances were nonentities, or irzesponsible persons, with false descriptions, and some in the employment of the bankrupts themselves, and hirelings, one may say, for the express purpose. To notico two or three instances will suffie- y oer, a person in the bankrupts' employ, residing in London, and who accepted for many thousands-as much as 20,0001.-is described as of Moreton-house, Ryde, Isle of Wight. This prson, by Ragg's permission, retained 2001. (of moneys wi oh he had received for the firm) as a douceur for accepting bils. He was in receipt of a salary of 1501. a-year. Being of no substance, in order to got relieved from his liabilities for Sadgiov3 and Ragg he became bankrupt. Then, as to Bradley, who ras described as an upholsterer at Portsea, Ragg desired Meyers, one of his clerks, to accept in Bradley's name. Ragg said Bradley was a friend of his, but no such person is to be found at Portsea. Again, as to the bills on Brown, of Stradford-terrrace, the bankrupt Ragg said Brown did at one time reside there. Young Sadgrove, a nephew of the bankrupt, Sadgrove, accepted in Brown's name by Ragg's direction, Brown having, accordine to Ragg's account, given him verbal authority to authorize young Sadgrove to accept bils for him (Brown) to any amount wanted-not a very credible story. Then, another bill, directed to " Mr." Hirons, Middleton-ierrace, Maidabill, was accepted "M. A. Bisons." Thtb 3Ir. Birons roves to be Mary Anne Hirons, a person who had been the service of the bankrupts at 8s. or 9s. L..week. She acepted for about 2,0001.; and wish respect to Smith, another acceptor, described as of Ventnor, Isle of Wight, Ragg said he often gave Smith a sovereign for 20 acceptances, and he believed that Smith did at one time reside at Redcar or Ventnor. It is unnecessary to go further. Bills of the above description, to the amount of 12,0001., were out at the time of the bankruptcy, and Ragg said he had by him at that time other similar acceptances to the amount of 5,0001. The bookkeeping, as might be expected to accompany such a system of trading, was imperfect in important particulars, pointed out by Mr. Maynsta (the accountant) in his evidence. A payment of 3361. 15. by way of preference was made hy lagg to More; but this sum was afterwards refunded to the ssignees. I should also mention that there is a deficiency of 1,1174 7. 5d., wholly unaccounted for in the balancesheet-that is, cash, 4831. 1sa. 9d, and bills receivable, 6331.11I. l d. Such are the general features of this case After what I have already said upon the subject of accommodation bills, and the evils too frequently resulting from them, I need hardly add that the Court is not desirous of paying respect to such instrur-amts. I cannot, however, entirely disregard the opposition of Mlore and Stephens, for, whatever extent of risk a party who discounts a bill may be deemed to take upon himself, it cannot fairly include the suppositon that the names on the bills may be the names of non-existing persons, or the names of ersons with false addresses. The discounter woulif at least have a righit to consider the names andliaddresses on the bill to be, what they purport to he, the names and addresses of real persons. But withouat reference to the interests of the bill holders, and only giving due weightito the objections urged by the learned counsel on the part of the assignees, I think It Is the duty of the Court to do all It can to put down the system of overtrading, dishonest by the means adopted to Sup pfeoarrt It, with which these bankrupts are charged ; and I ear there is little hope of suppressing, or even checking the system, if a trader, after incurring debts to a lwrge amount by the aid of such mischievous means, and becoming irretrievably involved (as sooner or later he must be), is to look to this Court for a releasefrom his debts, or so much theroof as, upon his failure, he finds himself unable to discharge. Now, I think there can be no doubt that -a.gg, by his conduct as the principal actor in the bill transactions, has laid himself open to the severest reprehension, if not to criminal responsibility ; for, not only is writing the acceptance of an existig person to a bill of exchange without authority forgery, hut writing the name of a person non-existing is lorgery, if the name was w-ritten with intent to defraud in that Particular infelstan or for a sysem of fraud within which that signature flor o which the forgery formed a part. lice "IRIex v. Bontien" lRuss. and By. C. C., 260). and " Item .Mr sball,- ana other cases cited in BAayley, ons Bis, p. 578. Then, aain, if an aocdtance be written by the authorityof an existing person, a false pretence by the person who Utters the bil that a party or Parties to It bear a character which they do not, as giving on the bil ac misdescription of the acceptor for the fraudulent puprpose of giving credit to the bill, wil, to say the least oa it, amount to a gross fraud, although it will not n ake the Person liable to a pro. ecution for uttenrng It, knowing it to be forged. Ste "1Rex v. Webb" (3 Brod, and Bingh. 228.) It reraxins to be considered whether any dfstinctio~l can be, mnade between the conduct of the two bankrupts on the question as to the allowance of their certificates Upon this oint Mr. Lawrence, for the bankrupt Sadurove referred to the 8th, 9th, and 13th articles of the deed of prt. nersbip, from which it appears that Ragg was to take the financial department; the bucine,s was to be under the management andeontrolof Ragg jointly with WilliamErenry Poyntz Sadgrovo, the sonx of -the bankrupt Sadgrove, and all checks were to be signed by Ragg in the namne f the firm. Sadgrove was engaged in the mnanufacturing and warehouse department of the business. It 'Was contended that Sadgiove was not responsible for the conduct of his partner( (gg) inu the mode of raising money for the business. I am not calied lupon to determine how far one ostensible and acting partner can, with justice towards the creditors of the partnership, divest himself of the obligation of being acquainted with the real state of the partnership affairs, and so shake off reponsibility for any impropepr management ; for, looking to the partnership deed, I find precise and particular provisons (and they have been drawn with great care and caution), for the purpose of supplyin both the partners wltlz full knowledge, or at least with ample means of knowledge of the managemenit of the bust. ness in all its details. I refer, especially, to articles 12, 19, andI 20, Article 1-2 provides for the mode of keeping 4Ig books and imking al such entries-thereiu M may bie useful for the batter manifeststion of the state and proceedin2s oE tae trde or business of the partnershia; and each of the partners Is to have free and equal access to the books without the interruption of the other. By article 19, neither of the partners, without the consent of the other, is to draw, accept, or endorse any bill of exchange or promissory note, or contract any debt on account of the I artnership, except in the usual and regular course of the buslne.s of the partnership, and for the benefit thereof; and by article 20 a general account of tho partnership trausacti.ns is to be made half-yearly, and signed by each of the partners within one month after the time appointed for the taking thereof, and, on making up the yearly account, interest due to the partners for money brought into the partnership and a yearly allow. ance of 5wl. to Sadgrove the younger are firstto be deducted, and the clear profits of the trade, after all necessary deductions and allowances made thereout, are to be divided between the partners in equal moieties. It was admitted by Mr. LAwrence that Sadgrove was aware of the pressure for moneyunder which the concern was labouring, but Mr. Lawrence said that Sadgrove was uninformed of the shifts (that is my word, not Mr. Lawrence's) resorted to by his partner. There is no direct evidence before the Court of S3adgrove's knowledge on this suhject; but, giving him the benefit of the doubt a to the extent of his implication with agg, it is clear thast if he had used the ordinary prudence to be expected from an acting partner, he must have made the discovery on taking the partnership accounts in 18SS, and as an honest man he would then have put a stop to further mischief. I have only further to observe as to Sadgrove that, considering the state of the business, his drawings (amounting to 2,427l.) were excessive; and I find by his separate balance-sheet he owes on his private account 5181.-that his separate assets do not exceed 901. Then, with respect to Ragg, Mr. Pook admitted that he had done wrong, but urged on his behalf that More was the more culpable of the two ; that Ragg's expenditure had been very moderate, and that he could have no motive for issuing the bills fraudulently. As to the first gronnd of defence, it is sufficient to say that this is not a question of the comparative demerits of the two parties. More is not upon his trial; and, moreover, I think the facilities given by More can afford no palliation for the con. duct of a person assuming such a position in trade as Ragg by the connexion which he formed with Sadgrove was unhappsly enabled to do. As to Ragg's expenditure and want of motive, Ragg is not charged with extravagance or lavish expenditure on himself. It was conceded that his drawings from the partnership funds, as compared with Sadgrove's, were moderate. I observe that by article 11 of the deed of partnership each partner was to be at liberty to draw 31. a-week, which was to be duly accounted for at every settle. ment of accounts and division of profits. Ragg's drawings were about 41. a-week, and by his separate balance.sheet it appears that he owes to private creditors 4401., and the estimated value of his assets is 73. Hae also incurred losses on hls private account amounting to 915., of which the sum of 63Ol. was incurredby discounting bills for other persons, as against 2001. received by him for such discounting, and 2501. was a loss on brickmaking. As to nmotives, the motives of mankind can seldom be satisfactorily ascertained. I think, however, there is no doubt that the principal motive with Ragg was want of capital, and to obtain this he had recoarse to the meanest devices. Capital he must haveperfas aut vefas, but intruth motives are out of the question where a person is guilty of an act which he knows to be wrong. Moreover, the presumption is that a party intends the natural consequences of his own act. There is one other circumstance affecting Bagg. By the 12th article of the deed of partnership to which 1i have before referred, neither of the partners, without the consent of the other, was to draw any bill of exchange, except in the usual and regular course of the business of the partnership and for the benefit thereof. The inference is obvious. WVhat a gross breach of good faith in Ragg towards his partner, It, as both the partners seem now to admit, Ragg put the name of the firm to such a mass of fictitious biUls without the consent of Sadprove. In justice to the bankrupts I should state tbat there is no imputation on their conduct since the bankruptcy. I believe they have given their assistanco to make the best of the estate; but, having anxiously weighed all the circumEtances of the case, the Courb considers that a due regard to the interests of trade, to the preservation of good faith ia commercial dealings, to the importance of acouracy and regularity in bookkeeping, and to the obligations of traders towards thoso who are in their employ, demands a severe sentence. The judgment of the Court is, that the allowance of the certificate of Ragg be refused, and that the allowance of the certificate of Sadgrove the younger be suspended for a period of two years from the day of the application, and that when granted it be of the third class. Mr. liwRENCE. -I believe there is no objection on the part of the assignees to the bankrupt Sadgrove having protection. I did not mention the circumstance before, because I knew it would not interfere with the judgment of the Court, for, although Sadgrove is called Sadgrove the younger. he is old, deaf, very blind, and infirm generally, and the assignees are not in the least desirous to withhold protection. Mr. BAGLEY.-Tho assignees leave the matter in the hands of the Court. The CoDIXIssIoNER.-Under these circumstances, and there being no opposition made, and having regard to what Mr. Lawrence bas said, protection will be granted. Mr. Poon.-I trust you will grant protection for 21 days to the bankrupt Ragg in case he should think proper to The CLCOMasSSIONEB. I cannot do that. The usual certificate will not, however, issuo for 21 days. Mr. BAGL:Y.-I wiVl undertake that the certificate shall not be apphed for during that time. I may take the opportunity to mention that a statement made at the last meeting in reference to Mr. More having discounted bills for the bankrupts to the amount of 200,0001. was a mistake. The amount of the bills so discounted, I am informed by Mr. More, has not exceeded 30,0001. An application that Mr. More be allowed the costs of his opposition was refused. TN RIE JACOB nMARTIN VAt WINRsLE. An adjudication of bankruptcy was made against Mr. J. M. Van Winkle, of the Eing's Head, Ponltry, licensed victualler and dealer in the American drinks, described as cook-tails, tiger's-milk, bull's-milk, brandy smashes, &o. (Before Mr. Commissioner FoNBLANQUJE.) 11f RE THE ME'rOPOLIT" BREAD COMPANY (LTUTED). This was a meeting for the proof of debts against the above-mentioned company, which it may be necessary to state is altogether distinct from " The Householders' Genuine Bread and Flour Company," as already noticed in 2Vw Time. A prited prospectus of this (the Metropolitan) company furnishes the following informatton :-The capital proposed was 20,0001., in shares of 11. each, to be paid by instalments, or calls of 5e. per share, with power toincrease, The company was, it is aunounced, in-orporated under the Joint-Stook Companies Act, 19th and 20th of Victoria, 1856, the directors being:-the Hon. F. I F. Berkel MAP., Vlctoria,square; Mr. L. P. Moledonn, 76, Mr lane, and Croydon; Mr. John OgUvy, 1, Benyon-villas, Do Beauvoir-square, Kingsland; Mr. John Whitwell, Bedfordrow, Islington; Mr. Edward Longstaff, 6, Manchesterbuildings, Westminster, and Dunsyb, Lincoln; Mr. Edward Temp le Watson, 46, Norland-square, Notting. hill, and Mhr. . F. Chevins, 75, Oakley-square, St. Pancras. Soicitor, Mr. Frederick Whiting, New-inn; managing director, Ur. W. F. Chevins; offices, 3, Cannon-street. city. The directors, it is stated, contemplated the using and working of certain patents. By the process to be adopted a saving of moze than one-half would be effected over the present cost of manufacture; the waste heat from the ovens and steam engines being applied to dry the grain, there would be a great saving in storage, in division of labour, and iU transport. A new feature of interest to the pubic, and a source of profit to the company, would arise by restoring to women one of their earliest and most legitimate ocoupations in the bakeries-viz., weighing and moulding the ough,ead fillin ad emptying the ovens, to which duties ty were not ony competent, bat found to be more cleanly and attentive than men. The cost of grinding wheat into flour and baling into bread by the trade in London amounted to about Id. per 41b. loaf, exclusive of the profits taken by the miler and baker, but the directors of this company, by the use of patented machinery, concentration of management, division of labour, and employment of women, would be able to convert the wheat into bread at a fraction less than a halfpenny per 41b. loaf. Hlaving enlarged upon the exstsng system of adulterating bread which it is stated, on the authority of The NVeso YorkTribune, prevails to such a serious extent in the United States as to destroy 100,000 out of 300,000 children boru per year, the prospectus concludes by intimating that bakeries will be built and depOts estabished in every convenient art of the metroapolis and the suburbs, and that the direcUors will be enabled to declare a dividend of at least 10 per cent. per annum. Of the above alleged directors it is admitted that no evidence exists of Mr. Watson having acted, and that the same admission applies to the Hon. F, H. F. Berkeley, except that the acting might in some degree be Inferred from a minute in the company's books to the effect that the hon. gentleman had tendered his resigna'ion. A proof tendered on behaLf of Mr. Hamilton, the company a secretary, for arrears of salary at the rate of 2501. per annum, was objected to by Mr. LAWXAR.CE on the ground that he was a ppointed according to the minutes of the company's proceedings, when no director was in attendance. Mr. Uhevins, examined, said, he was the general manager and that no director had been present at the time Mr. Hamoilton was engaged. There was a minute of the Hon. Mr. So and So having tendered his resignation as direotor, but he could not pointto any resolution appointing Hamil. ton. There was nothing for Hamilton to do, and he (the managing director) had helped him. (Laughter.) His (the manager's) salary was to have been 5001. a-year, but he had got nothing. Notbing was advanced to him unless he aecepted bills for the amount. The company was debited with 9l6. ashissalary, the secretary'ssalary, preliminaryexpenses and bills. He received 500 shares, but of which he never sold one. The shares never had, in fact, much of a body. (A laugh.) He was willing to forego his claim upon the company. What Hamilton was required to do he did, and he had attended at the company's office and in the boardroorn. The company was carried on after he left it. 1001. was got from Mr. Longstaff. part of which went to Hamilton, He (Chevins) did not get any part of it, and he left the company. Mr. Hamilton, examined, said, he had acted as secretary frorn the 10th of December, 1856, up to the 23d of Februnry, 1857. He wrote many letters for the directors. Mr. Chevins appointed a great many agents, and he (the secretary) lad the correspondence. Mr. Uhevins kepb the minute. book under ioek and key. He told Mr. Chevins that he could not become secretary for less than 2501. per year, as he m ust give up his business as an accountant. He saw the directors frequently, and Mr. Chevins said he must wait til qluarter ay for his salary. One of the directors had given him 101. on account. That was all he had received. He had a cat many letters to writer. He did not recolleet havingthoFd the directors of his appointment, but he sup. sIdt w-e- urBped that the 10L had been very good pay for tcdoing nothing.'eI The CommisrsioNE (to Mr. Hamflton).-.I see youL very wisely sent In your resignation on the 28th of February, Mr. Haraiten.-On the 23d. The COMMIsIONE.-Wiacr and wiser stilL (Laughter.) o ave hd 104; another 101. wil be most ample remuneration for any services you rendered to the complany. A proof was admitted for tbat amount, and the wlnding. up of the company was directed to be duly advertised. It was stted during the proceedings that3 Mr. Molledonn, one of the directors, had been yesterday convicted of forgely -a statement to which a qualified denial only was given; and that the company was now offering a composition of 6s. in the pond to its creditors.
INSOLVENfT DBBTORS' COURT, Nov. 3. IN RR AT.VYlk - -- (Before the CHm Comn;ss;Rnp I This insolvent, a master mnariner, applied to be discharged. Mi. Sargood opposed and Mr. Reed supported. The only creditor in the schedule wias a Miss Dalziel, who had recovered a verdict for v&E damages in an action against the insolvent for breach of pronlse of marriage. Her osts had been taxed at upwards of 8O. It appeared from the evidence that the insolvent in Novemher, 1855, became acqutainted with the opposing creditor and her family, who then resided at Sunderland. At that time ne was the master of a coasting vessel, but in April, 1856, he left England for the East Indies as mate of the ship Hadassah. Upon arriving at Calcutta he wrote to the plaintiff expressing his displeasure with her on account of certain representations which, Ps he had heard, she had made to the owners of the vessel, and after reminding her that she had refused to pledge herself to remain single until his return home, claimed the same right of free action for himself. He further stated that his first attentions had been directed towards the plaintiff's dster, who he hoped would be allowed a free choice in the matter. The plaintiff, regarding this letter as a refusal to marry her, upon the insolvent's return to this country in April of the present year commenced the action, which resulted as above mentioned. The insolvent had been from May until Auggust master of a trading vessel, receiving 71. per month as wvages and from August unt-l the present time had been in prison. The insolvent statedthat he sent a friend in May to offer 201., and subsequently 301., and that since his arrest he had offered to pay 20. upon a release of the debt and costs being given. The plaintiff's attorney admitted that the latter offer had been made, but said he refused it because the 201. would not cover the costs out o' pocket; but he had offered to give the insolvent lhis discharge if he would undertake to pay the damages and by yearly instalments from his earnings, but that the latter refused to do anything of the kind. MEr. SARGOOD asked for a remand on account of the damages, which the insolvent had shown no desire to pay, althiough the most lenient terms had been proposed to him. Mr. RExn relied upon the shortness of the acquaintance between the parties, as proving that there had been no serious injury caused to the plaintiff's feelings by the alleged breach of promise, and submitted that a nominal judgment would be sufficient to meet the merits of the case. The C=rs CwurisussoNxm said, as there hiad been no inquiry into the merits of the matter before him, he was bound by the verdict of the jury, and as the damages were certainly somewhat heavy, considering the position of the parties, he was compelled to direct the insolvent to be discharged after the lapse of seven calendar months from the date of the vesting order (Sept. 3).
CENTRAL ORIMINAL COURT, Nov. 3. OLD COTUR (Before the RECORDZB.) John Bentley,23, was Indicted for a felonious a88ault upon Sarah Catherine Harding. Mr. Sleigh prosecuted, Mr. M (etalfe defended the The prosecutrix in this case was the daughter of a person n humble circumstances, who obtained her livelihood by letting lodgings, and the prisoner was one of the lodgers in her house. There was this peculiarity in the case, that the prosecutrix who is 30 years old, was both deaf and duAb, and her evidence was interpreted to the Court and jury, apparently with very great facility, by Mr. Downing, the secretary to the Deaf and Dumb Institution. Accord. ing to her evidence she was alone in the house with the prisoner, and, having gone into his bedroom in the morning to clean It up and perform the necessary doniestic offices, not knowing that he was there at the time, he laid hold of her, and committed the offence imputed to him by the present indictment. It appeared that immediately her mother rethrned she told her what had happened, and the prisoner was taken into custody. The defence set up was that the prosecutrix was a con. senting party to what took place, and witnesses were called who spoke to her having committed variousacts of indecency upon several occaSions with other lodgers in the house. The jury returned a verdict of Not Guilty. John Brooks, 27, Caroline Richardson, o8, and Harriet Peech, 21, were indicted for a barglary in the dwelling. house of John Coleman, and stealing 2301. in gold and bank. notes, his property. lr. Poland conducted the prosecution * Mr. Ribton defended Brooke and Peech; and Mr. Sleigh and Mr. Sharpe were counsel for the other prisoner. Th osetar is the an ord of the King's Arms public. house, Meeting-house-lane, Peckham, and it appeared that the robbery in question was committed on the 1st of September. On the afternoon of that day the prosecutor had a very considerable sum of money in gold and notes in a bag and a box in a drawer in his bedroom, and about 6 oclock he weat there and saw that the money was all safe. He went up again shortly after 9, and he then found that the drawer had been forced open and the whole of the money stolen. The evidence agalist the prisoners was entirely of a circumstantial character. It appeared that all the prisoners were in the habit of frequenting the prosecutor's house, and that Brooks was in front of the bar shortly before the robbery must have been committed, and that the other two pri. soners were also in the neighbourhood, and two witnesses who lived opposite the King's Armasswore very positively that about 8 o'clock In the evening of the robbery they saw the rlsoner Brooks in the prosecutor's bedroom with a candle E his hand. From inquiries that were subsequently made it turned out that Brooks and Peech cohabited together, and that almost Immediately after the robbery they made purchases of jewelry to the amount of 501,, and this jewelry was found in their poEsession when they were taken into cus. tody. With regard to the prisoner Richardson, evidence was given that she was seen coming away from the back part of the prosecutor's premises on the night of the robbery, and that when the other prisoners were taken into custody Peech sent a person named Allen to Richardson to ask her for somae money to make her defence, and that she then made a sort of admiEdon that she was concerned in the robbery, and haa part of the proceeds. The jury found Brooks and Richardson 6uilty of stealing the money, and Acquitted Beech. The RECOBDEB sentenced Brooks, who had been befoie convited of felony, to six years' penal servitude, and Rich. arson to be kept to hard Labour for 12 months,| MEW COURT. Peter B e the CosnuoN SEJEANT.) len, 29, nailmaker, and Simon O'Brien, 26, naUmaker, were indcted for assaulting John Whittaker, a police-constable, and causing him bodily injury. dr. dBodkin and r. Clark prosecuted, and Mr. Illey The prosecutor, wvho appeared in great suffering and had to be carried into court, remained in a reclning position while giving his evidence. He stated that upon the nightof the 23d of August he was on duty near Chelsea-bridge, when his attenten was called to the two prisoners, wno were on the bridge creating a disturbance, and had assaulted some man who was there. He requested them to move away, but had no sooner done so than he was assaulted by both the prisoners, while some women held him. They beat, kicked, and nearly strangled him by forcing their hands into his regulation stock ; fortunately some other officers carne up, and rescaed him in an almost dying state. The prisoners both said that if the other constables had nob come up they would have klled him and thrown him over. The jury found them Guilty. The CommoN SEREARwT said the case was the most brutal he had ever tried, and if the unfortunate constable lost his life, which was not at all improbable, they would then be tried fcr their lives and suffer the extreme penalty of the law; at present he should pass upon them the severest sentence that the law allowed, and that was three years" Imprisonment, with hard labour. The Ceurt was occupied until a late hour in the evening trying a man named Ryan for an assault upon one of the General Omnibus Company's servants. The case, which was but partly gone into, stands adjourned until this morning, and as another defendant has to be tried In connexion with it, we defer the report until it is completed.
POLICE. BoW.sTRnT.--Joln Kerby Richards, an attorney's clerk, was charged with forginga njumber of checks upon the London and Westmiunser Bank. It appeared that the prisoner obtained possession of a blank checkbook by forging the order of a gentleman named Colllns, residing at Bayswater. Mr. Collinskknew the prisoner formerly as a clerk in the employ of .r. Bowen May, solicitor, and expressed his belief that the order and the writing on some of the forged checks were in the prisoner's handwriting. It was further proved that the prisoner had sent a companion with one of the checks to the Holborn branch of the bank, but the forgery being detected the messenger was accompanied back to the prisoner, who was taken into custody. The evidence showed that upwards of 1004. worth of checks, for amounts of about 10. and 121. each, had been put into circulation, although only two of them were cashed by the bank before th~e detection of the forgery. Sergeant Smith, of the detective force, proved that after he had apprehended him the prisoner, in his presence, asked Mr. Collius if the matter could not be arranged. Some blottlng-paper was found in the possession of the prisoner with the name of Collinnspon it, similar to the signature to the checks. The extraordinary conduct and observations of the prl. soner's advocate (an attorney's clerk) here induced the magistrate to interpose. Mr. JARD=X said,-Your interruptions are coming to a point at which I must interfere. You are no solicitor, and, for aught I know, have no business here. I will not have persons insulted, and in future I shall require some proof that you are entitled to be here. The advocate here banded in his authority aB clerk to a sollcitor in practice, and said he had been 35 years attending the courts. It was, however, painfully apparent that he was labouring under the effects of potations deep and strong. At one time he begn to cross-examine the solfcitor for the prosecution instead of the witness, and at another solicted consideration for the wife and family of Mr. Coliins, the principal witness for the prosecution. At a later period of the case the prisoner took the cross-examination of a witness out of his advocate's hands, much to the indlgna. tion of the latter. Mr. JA==INx observed that he was desirous of giving every reasonable Indulgence to the prisoner, who was so unfortunately defended. It was his belief that the pri. soner's advocate was intoxicated. The Attozneq's Clerk,-Then I must pledge my word that I have drunk nothing to-day. You have hitherto treated sne with respect. Mr. JARDIL-BcaBse voU have deserved it. In future I shalU not be satisfied with a general recommendation from an attorney that you are engaged to attend the metropolitan police-courts for him, but I shall require a special authority in each case. (To the prisoner)-Whom did you employ ? Prisoner.-I engaged this gentleman and gave him a guinea. His name is in the list of solicitors at the prison, as recommended by the visiting justices. The list is kept to piotect prisoners from persons who pretend to be solicitors and are not, I particua=rly asked if he was a solicitor, and being told he was I said I should like to have him if he was one, for I had had busine with him. The Attorney's Clerk.-I have fought battles for this man that nobody else would dare to do for him. (To the prisoner)-You must not complain against me, Sir. Prisoner.-I don't complain. The Attorney's Clerk.-May I ask your worship to recall the imputation that I was intoxicated ? By my soul I have not taken even a glass of ale this day. Mfr. JARDzX.-I hope it is so; but your conduct is so different from ordinary that the impression produced on my mind was that you were intoxlcated. The Attorney's Clerk.-Peay recall it, Sir. I havo 14 children. M1r. JARDrN .-I cannot recall the satement that such was and Is my ismpression. Mr. Collina.-It Is the opinion of every one in court. The prisoner was committed for tria on three cases. A further charge of forgery, under simailar circumstances, was preferred against the prisoner by Messrs. Dickenson and Co., bankers, with a sinilar result, the prisoner being committed in two more cases. MALBORoUGH-SmRsr.-George Thompson, alias Smith' and Wiliam Jones, alias Turner, who refused their ad dresses, were charged with burglary at the premises of Mr Browning, timber merchant, 36, Little Windmill.street. Mr. BEADON said, he should eommit the prisoners for trial, as the evidence was complete. Inspector Webb said, it was believed that a former conviCtion could be established against one or both of the prisoners. Mr. BEADOT would order them to be brought up next Taesday, to give the pollee an opportunity of inquiring into that matter. WilDam Hayes, an elderly man, was brought to this court on a warrant charging him " that he did threaten to horsewhip lr. Francis Barley (the St. Martin's-lane County Court judge), whereby e apprehends that he goes in danger of some bodily harm.' MIr. Bayley, on being sworn, said,-The prisoner was before me in my cpacity of judge in a case in which he was eaintiff. I had occasion to commit him for improper cehaviour in court. At the riaing of the court, understanding he meant to apologize, I had him brought into court, intending to dlseharge him, and I did dischsrge him. His conduct and remarks being sti1l very improper I directed one of the officers to see him out of court, and they closed round him for that purpose. As they did so the prisoner used the threat for which the present warrant was obtined. He threatened to horsewhip me. Mr. BEADoiT (to prisoner).-Did you threaten to horsewhip the judge ? Prisoner.-I wirl explain. I am a man of a strong religious inclination, and attend regularly a place of worship; Ju fact I ws in chapel when taken. I am aman of peace. I would not hurt anyone llving, and if a man were to smite me on one cheek I would turn to him the other also. I never meant to injure the judge. I was only annoyed at the refusal to rehear a case in which I had been nonauited owing to perjury. Mr. BsADoN.-If you could show that perjury had been committed you had an opportunity of proceeding againat the parties bly indictment. You cannot be pernitted to tbreaten to horsewhip a judge or any other man, and you must find ball for your future good behaviour. At the request of the complainant the prisoner was released on his promiase and on his own security to keep the peace. MAnY EMOIs.-MX. BnBOUGcsTox has received from "R pW." a bank-note for 5L for the poor-box. An aelmowledgment in The imes is requested. Worsnu'-sTRzEr.-Edward Jackson, a middle-aged man of tradesman-like appearanee, and Hannah Jackson, his wife, were charged on remand before Mr. D'EyicounRT with being in unlawful possesdon of seven pieces of riband and a number of ladies' valuable scafs, &a., part of the produce of an extensive robbery committed upon the Countess of Ellesmere, the total value of which was estimated by the police at, from 10,0001. to 15,0001., and for the recovery of which a reward of 500. was offered; and Charles Stedman, identified as a returned transport upon a ticket of leave, was also charged with being in possession of an electroplated tankard, which was Lkewise bupposed to have been stolen. Mr. Morgan, from the firm of Humphreys, Son, and Morgan, conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Lewis, of Elyplace, attended for the defence. At the first examination on Monday week Evans, of the G division, stated,-I was yesterday in Old-street, near the police-station, when I saw the prisoner Jackson and another man walking towards me. Directly they caught sight of me they crossed the road, walking fast, and lookIn behind them. I followed them. they saw me doing so, and stopped and knocked at a house in Henry-street. I put my hand upon Jackson's ahoulder, and, pointing to a parcel beneath his arm, sked him what he had got there. The other man was then a little way behind him. Jackson replied, " What is that to you ? I said2 " I am an officer, and you must accompanv me to the station, as I must know what the contents of that parcel are." He replied, " Then I shan'ttell you," and I took him to the station. On the road there he said, " Where is the other ma ? He has put me away in this affair." I told him I did not want that man, I wanted him. At the shtion I found in the parcel the property mentioned in the charge-sheet, and he had before that told mne that he had got two dozen of scarfs and about 100 yards of riband, which he had bought of a man named Woodward, somewhere in Betnnal-green, but he did not know where, and that he and that man were going to sell the riband in Henry-street, where he had knocked. I then locked him up and went tothe house in Henry-street, but they knew nothing about the prisoner, and I found it to be a private house. I next went to the prisoner's own shop, in Leonardstreet, Shoreditch, which is an oil-shop. The door was open, and I went in slently, and saw Mrs. Jackson examining the electro plated goblet in the back parlour, while a man was sitting on a chair near her. I immediately recognized the man as a returned transport, and said to him, " Holloa, Charley, what are you doing here ?" The man made no reply, and I asked Mrs. Jackson where she had got the mug from. She answered, " This man has justbrought it me to look at," but he replied, "I never gave it you." She expressed surprise, and he then acknowledged that he had given It her, having found it the night before In Shoredltch wrapped up In a shawL I saw his band was closed, and therefore seized it, and finding in it 4s. 6d. in silver I took him to the station, but I did not take M Jackson. I subsequently told her I should search the house, and I did so, and I found most expensive articles of ladies dress, which I have reason to believe are stolen property. Jackson has before been in custody, and I believe that the property found upon Jackson himself and that discovered at his house are portions of the produce of two distinct cases of robbery. Both men were remanded onn this evidence, and at the second examination vans said,-I have been in search of this Woodward that Jackson mentions, but cannot find such a person anywhere, nor have I found an owner as yet for the ribands found upon Jackson in the street. Mr. Lewls.-What do you know of the prisoner? Bvans.-That he is a very had character, and was committed for stealing a tub of butter. Mr. Lewls.-I know that also, and that he was fairly acquitted after standing two trials, for I defended him. The prisoner could not be compelled to give an account to the officer of his possesslon of the property; he very properly refused to do so, and, if convicted, he will appeal. M gistrate.-There is another charge against him, is there not ?g Evans.-Yes, Sir, of hag property inhis house, the produce of the robbery of a trunk some time since belongig to Lady Ellesmere, and on which occasion a very extensive amount of property was stolen. Magistrate.-Very well, then, go on with that case. Evans.-On the Sunday I searched Jackson's house, and in a drawer or chest upstairs I found the articles of ladies' dress now produce. Mrs. Jackson tried to hide a portion of them behind her, but I took them away frgm her, and afterwards took her to the station, where her husband then wlas. She in. the course of conversation said to him, " You hnuow, my dear,that we have had the handkerchiefs elght or nine years," but her husband made no reply. rrs. Jackson, who was standing in court, was here, at the suggestion of the magstrate, taken into custody by Evans, and placed beside her husband. The officer then called the following witnesses:- Lucy Durnford.-Iuam housekeeper to Lady ElUesmere, residing at Hatchford-Cobham, Surrey, and Clevelandsquare, St. James's, and I have been in her Ladyship's service since 1839. In January last the Countess was going on a visit to Her Majesty at Windsor Castle, when a large trunk containing a jewel-case and numerous ether articles was ssoen. lewas for nine years also her Ladyship's maid, and this veil of point lace was, I believe, her Ladyship's wedding veil, can swear to it, and also this scarf and handkerchief, all which are valuabe. Cross-examined.-.I wil not positively swear to the scarf, though I have no doubt about it. I do swear to the veil, and the handkerchief now handed me, if not the same, is exactly like one I have seen in her Ladyship' possession. Mary Anne EdUln.-I have beenLayEesr'smi since July, 1855, and I cked thisas stolen. I packed in it this old po t lace ve don't think there is anything like it to be purchased now. This lace scarf or mantle I also believe to be one of the same articles I so pacdked up. I also ptioItfuofher Ladyship's best handkerchiefs, with numerous others of inferior qusty. Evans.-Four of the handkerchiefs are not marked. Witness.-lone of her Iadyship's bethandkerchiefs were murked. These silk stockings stil bear the initials " El. B." This now handed me is a portion of a dress which I cut out to make for her Ladyship. (Other articles were produced, and identified in a similar manner.) Inspector Thornton.-I was employed to trace out the loss of this trunk, which was found broken open within 100 yards of the prisoner's house. It was stolen from the roof of a cab on Tuesday, the 22d of January, between Cleovland-sqpzre. St. James's, and the Paddington station of the Great Western Railway, and contained ladies' dreses and a red morocco jewel-case. There were 47 articles named in the description altogether, including also some money. Mr. Lewis at this hearing pressed for baU to be taken for his client, who, he said, had kept the shop for 10 years, as well as another in the immediate vicinity; hehad a wife and children dependent on him, but was in extensive bnai, ness, and any amount of security would be Ivonl Bail, however, at this stage was refased for Jackson, but in 201. each, and Mrs. Jackson ydia Curling ntow said,-I am Lady Ellesmore'sJlce cleaner, and ive at Pimlico. Tbe Brussels lace shawrl nowr roducedIhave seen twice, I think in 1851 and 1852, when ltmebyLadyEllesmere to be repre It is valuable, costing, I should say, originally, about 501, though It bas since been much illused. Mr. Anthony Blackborne, laeo manufacturer in South Audley-street-I reoognize the black lace scarf now producea as one which I sold to her Ladyship in May, 185, and its valuo is6 guineas These handkerchiefs hown me I did not sell to Lady Ellesmere but I can tell you the value of them; one of them is worzt five guineas, and the others a uinea eah. nspector Thornton-iFrom information I have now receivea, I believe I can produce evidence to prove that the male prlsoner Jackson zeceived these articles well knowing them to have been stolen. quantity of other property has also been discoverbd at the prisoner's house, which is also, no doubt, stolen property, though not belonging to the Countess. Mr. Lewis.-The prisoner has already been remanded as long as the law allows, and yet the Plice come here and ask for a further remand. I contend that there is no evi. deuce against him, though ample time has been given for further evldenceif it l2 to be found. I do not ask you to disbarge him, s It is perhaps only reasonable that the police should have another remand, but I do ask you to give the man his liberty, as he Is certainly entitled to bail. The property now identified was found in his wife's wardrobe, nOt his; it has been lost a very long time, and surely if the prisoner had known the properby was in his house he would not have kept it there so long. Mr. D'EYxCOURT.-Well, I will accept bail for Jackson now; but they must be two sureties in 1001. each, their thorough solvenc to be previously iquired into. Stedman is discharge, and Mrs. Jackson will be remanded on the same bail as before. CLlRl}wzXLL..-Richard King, calis Caffrey, allasBird, aged 23, describing himself u a plasterer, residing at 10, rug1-lane, and George Neal, describing himself as a marble polisher, living at 10, Bell.conrt, Gray's-innuroad, two lowooking fellows, well known to the police, were, on re-exa- miation, charged with burglarioasly breaking and entering the dwvelling-house No. 40, Guildford-street, Russell-square, and stealing therein twvo silver spoons, six silver cruet tops, one plated cruet stand, one egg cup, numerous articles of wearingapare and dirtylinen, the property of Mr Hr. COsnrIR committed the prisoners to Newgate for trial. THA3ES.-A most painful sensation has been created throughout the wlhole of the eastern part of London by the statement of a seaman named Wiliam Williams, whose deposition wasreceived by Mr. SsELF a few days since on board the Dreadnought Hlospital ship, off Greenwich, when he stated that he had been violently asaulted early on the morning of Saturday, the 24th ult., by two police-constables of thel division in Ilatoliffe-highway. The man was stil alive yesterday morning, but appeared to be sinking fast, and he is not expeeted to survive many hours. No Fteps have been taken to bring to justice the two policeconstables, Nos. 60 and 186 of the H division, who have been identified by Williams as the persons who assaulted him. It is believed that his statement can be corroborated In several material particulars by Mrs. Bond, his landlady, and by a woman of the town named Mary Anne Powell, who, it is rumoured, was with the sailor when he was illused, and, on remonstrating with Brown, 186, was taken into custody by him and looked up on a charge of being disorderly. She was brought before MIr. Selfe on Saturday, the 24th ult., aud on the oath of Brown only was sentenced to 10 days' imprisonment and hard labour for being disorderly. Her term of imprisonrment expired on Mondry morning, and her evidence, if she has any to give, could be made available. Yesterday afternoon Mr. Selie received a commiunication from Mr. Bowdler, the junior clerk, relating to the supposed connexion of the woman with the case of the sailor Wiliams and U*r. Belfe, after observing thatit was very desirable that some In ulry should be instituted, sent for InspectorDendy, of the iudivision, who was present when Williams gave his deposition upon oath; but at 6 o'clock, when Mr. Belfe had disposed of all the business before him, the inspector had not arrived. A great number of persons have been anxiously inquiring of the offliers when there would be a publie investgation of the charge against the two policemen, or vhetherthematter was to be hushedup. The reply, of course, was-" We know nothing about the affair. There are nio policemen in custody, and we are not aware that any inves. tigation will ever take place." The public are much dis satisfied with the course that has been taken In this case. SOUTHWARM -Iay Ann Cox, 14, and Harriet Cox, 10, were brought before Mr. BuVcBA& for fiual;examination, eharged with stealing a purse containing a S1. Bank of England note from the person of Mrs. Elizabeth Smith In a cheesemonger's shop in Newington-causeway. lr. BuRcTAA committedithem for trial. If convicted, they might then be got into a reformatory asylum, which would be the means of savlng them from further crime. LAsrnE-Henry Williams, who stood remanded on a charge of picking the pocket of 4s.. Winslow, the wife of Dr. Forbes Winslow, of 23, Cavendish-square, of a purse containing two 51. Bank of England notes and some gold and silver, at the Crystal Palace Railway station, was brought before Mr. ELrIoTr for final examination. The evidence in the case was perfectly conclusive of the prisoner's guilt, He was seen to rush away from the side of I.Winslow while she was In the act of putting one of her children into a first-class carriage, and at the moment of his doing so that lady missed her purse. The prisoner was folowed to a third-class carriage, and when challenged with the robbery he attempted to get rid of the purse by dropping it to the bottom of the vehicle. His act, however, was observed by a lad who stood on the steps of the carriage as well as those inside andathe purse with its contents as sbe lost it was handed to idrs. Winslow. Mr. Solomon, who attended for the prisoner, axpressed a hope that his worship would deal vith the case under the Summary Justice Act, urging, as an additional reason for his doing so, the fact of nothing having been previously known of his client. fr. Euo'IT, however, refused to comply with the learned gentleman's request, He also peremptorily refusedi to admit the accusedto ca1,or to give up any portion of the 5. odd thtbdbeenfon onA him, and the prisoner was fully committed for triaL.
CRysTAI3 PALACE.-ONE S-hnC G DAY, Tuesday, Nov. 3.-Adisons on payment, 8S6; ditto by season tickets, 174; total visdtors, 1,060. [Advertisement.--The Queen's Pictures& -The iRoyal Pietures in the "An Journal" for November, DrIce So. 6d.r re"The Benny of AlbnnD," after Riedel, and PTe Gate ofsthe Seraglio," after J. Danbj, A.R.A. The supture Is "Pytoihee. from. th ela.Ande byrVon,Hi3j or, FE n the poeSsesonof the Queen. The I'te carpCOnentsincude-he epor ontheNational Gallery'-ths Advertlseprent.] o the sA. T re's es ewhWrk on-Inhia. iApstiations of preov e bo M abeinery and matriaS ro Artd kpinuo. tin Indio the V oy .Oemn FaRkland. of nfe ttlklando Toraens-bre andMr. 23. IDi0. elaeh, or lgstrtee the Diet6db.lo Of trze tco then SehoA lSh hesint ere fr tho Dlre and mto rea e ate rsow fron the paprl bookse asl wlll at lmused I tne lero, Jurst Du. [Ordtersemein t.J.Or dy Pear .ladbe neerl Wor rl:-on. s ia -Asbeoned and resir edition in nw readw IwthSm vO. adt, ithO of ustrationsof iho chol. , helanes e o, The Oxomouhan Dept in or, Notes of Excnralou*s In that Co * Dec.By the Rev. F. Mea;^ 11.A Alo, notead, m vo . lO d., bound. Mr. TappR'sew work S PTe lcies and Reveries of sop Smith S5 BY Fl h. Tupper. Hnrst and Blckeit, publlaoers, 13, Great Marlborongh-Estro. [Adverthsement. i Just published, second edlitiOn, Pr6Od la. "On the EstabuLtment ofaprlotiiaof Stam Verses of rnplsovo Construction on the Indus, in con nexion with the Sdnde and Punjab alwi,, ,with cme Aoonunt oftheCommaerce and Portof Iurahee. ByW.r.Andrew,FP.R.G.S., hairman of Scndesand PonjabRala Companies, London,W. H ll&en andCo., Ledenhalleltreet, [Advertisemnent. ]-Gratis.-The best Atlas ever pUsbed Is In conrse of presentation writh the Dftstach.` lape ised pre. Tioug to the oDmmeoncement of the Atlas-Aug. 9, Canton Birer; Aug. 23, India, 3d. each, or togao fre hr poet 6d. Oct. I rommencemeant of the ndosi), Persi; Oct, IL, UMin; Oct.1, 'IN.W. 1m'rernce of India' 4Oct,!r25,Alstrlla; Nov. 1, PlanoatDelhil-eltberOf'WhICbhmapF be had with the paper for the present or any, fuature wseek should the Y,sper be out of prin twith which It WmS isSe The june of nmas "0, or the remainder of theZoarwill be mearly as folloWs:-Nos'. 8, the6 Central Di,vision of Inia,; Nov. 15, The Funnab' NOT, A2 Tte Northern half of the Genecal MaP Of Indisa' No 19 Ailce t'seie of our aps ofthe Enlish Cuntlcs Dec. 0, TeSuhr afo Genralitlp o Inia De.11 Scnde De. 0, Diisin o Inia Dee.27,Planof he ity f Xlnbegh;andonJ .S ilb
THE PENIDTSULAR MAILS. The Peninsmlar and Oriental Company's steamship Tagus, Captain E. Christian, with the maUs from the Peninsular ports in charge of Lieutenant T. Reld, R.N., Admiralty agent, arrived at Southampton yesterday at 9 a.m. She left Gibraltar October 24 ; Cadlz, 25 ; Lisbon, 29; Oporto, 30; and Vigo, 31. The Tagus experienced strong northerly winds on the coast of Spain and Portugal and fine weather through the Bay of Biseay. This steamer brings 15 passengers, 2 packages of specie value 5001., and a cargo consisting of 30 boxes of onions, 160 boxes of eggs, 14 baskets of chestnuts, 80 hides, and 36 packages of general merchandise. During the voyage home the Tagus pa3sed, on the 29th ult,, the screw steamer Teutonia stsering direct for Lisbon; on the Slst a large paddle steamer, with two funnels, steer. ing to the south-west; and on the 2d inst., in lat. 48 52 N., long. 455 W., the steam-brig Brllliant, steering southwest. Captain Christian also reports that on the 2d, in the Channel, he passed a splendid Aberdeen clipper, prooeeding down Channel under full saU ; but, although he hoisted his colours and made signal, asking the name of the ship, the people on board had not the common courtesy to answer, or take the slightest notice of the signals. D -Dates from Gibraltar are to the 24th ult., at which time tho Curlew was the only British ship of war lying in the bay. The Vulture, Captain Campbell, left on the 16th for the eastward, to join Admiral Lyons's squadron, which was expected to arrive at the Ionian Islands from Greeee about the eend of the month. Dr. Henry Fisher, of the Royal ArtUlerv, took his passage in the Vulture for Malta, whence he proceeds to India vid Alexandria. The steamtugs Redpole and Orient had returned to the Bay from their search after the French bark Adolphe et Laura, wblich was in collision with the steamer Rhone in the Straits on the 14th ult.; but, beyond a boat belonging to .her and some boxes aoating, oontaining lucifer matches, which were, ppiked up by the crew of the Orient, nothing .was discovered of the illfated vesseL A large British steamship, supposed to be the Austral. .asra, with the mails of the 12th for Australia, passed the garison to the e4ntward at 7 o'clock on the miorning of the 17th ;.she was fall of troops, and signalled aU wel on board. Tworem steaMers, the Albanian, Captain A. Bruce, for Genoa sd Leghorn, and the Melita, Captain Langlands, for Malta and Constantinqple, arrived at Gibraltar from Liver. pool on thn morning eo the 22d. Gibraltar exchanges j. the 24th were quoted as under London, 90 ayes' date, ;50 ; Paris, ditto, 5f. 37c., Mar,seflle4, ditto, Sf. 38c.; .;Goa, ditto, 5f. 39c, - adrid, 8 £lyay sight,I l is. ; Cadiz,4ditto, j dis. ; Malaga, ditto, par. - ,9eKille, ditto, I dis.; Aliete, j dis.; Valencia, . dis. - Barcqlon,,, 8 4is. Spaish JpiAred dollars, 4 per cent. pro' xuium, none; no demand. When the Tagus left Lisbo on the 29th ult. the Por. baguee ships of 'war r-ere decked with flags for the birth. Aay of His Majesty Don Fernandq, ex-Begent, and a Inc6e -was to be held at the PAce of Nowsaidades. There were go foreign veaels o war in port. Tw reportg of tie fever at LisbOz vary little from the IaDt r4eived by the ~Petropolis Steam packet, The new cases for 24 honrs up to 10 p.a. on the 26th waers 230deaths 77, and cured 132; and up to the ame hour on the 27th 231, wIth 92 deaths, and 162 cured; 7ader treatment In the hospitals, 648; and In periAte howes, 965. The weather continued cool and rainy. Little money offered upon the Lisbon exchacge, and the Board of Public Credit was the principal take of london at 54i for three months. PariH was done at 520; Asterdam, 43j; and Hamburg, 48. Genoa, 516, nomnl. Business generally continued Wpended, and stocks e qiuoted Aominally the same as by last packet. The Pe4imular and Oriental Company's steamer Albha brs, ith tbs oidward mail of the 27th from Southampton, xVUa§ I4 e
THE INDIA Z. RELIEF FUND. TH TRE A RTRYV The gentlemen connected with the Treasury aVe sub. scribed 11. to the fand, which sum has been nanded over to the Lord Mayor. TEPLC. THE POLICE. The men belouging to the G D)iv'gion have subscribed 1121 to the fund. 3Tj (MGN'S OWN) LIC*HIT DRAGOONS. Thke officeexs, non-cormm1s0ao ed officers, and prvtes of this regimee. hAve subscrib'd 67?1. 8s. lod. in aid of the kund. YORK. The lesal treasurer hl3 forwarded a second instalment of 1,000. to the fund. MAIDSTONE AND NEIGHBOURHOOD. ao M or has remitted to the Lord Mayor the sum of 4 '10d. as the subscriptions of Maidstone and neighkeurhood. SALISBURY. The subseriptions and coUections in Salisbury and neigh. bourhood almount to upwards of 7301. DORCHESTER. The amonnt collected in Dorchester and the neighbouring paxishes has reached to the present time 3474 8s. 7d. WORTHING. .S171. has beon forwarded to the Lord Mayor, in addition to'-W. tr snAtted to Messrs. Druemmond. WARMINSTE& The sum forwrded to the Lord Mayor amounts to HIARNOWGATE. The Sulm Of 10V. as bee reiitted as an instWament f~~~t~~u1. this lace A sM iusulwment af 30O4 has been received from Ludlow . vuARlaOW.O. T E -RILLT The ea00uikV ns wzd subsriptius ralisd at Harow-on-the. a4oan to X l$s. 31. NEWB3URY. a &f d \V. has been submribed in this town and 3/;i6Eo'-i'@ ad farwarded to the Lord Mayor. GREA.T MALVER\. This town has added 2RS. 3s. lid. to the general fund. MAEDENHEAD. A meeting has been held in this town to consider the best means of raising subscriptions in aid of the fund. A com. mittee was formed, and subscriptions to the amount of nearly 701 were announced in the room. CONSTANTINOPLE. The example set by EHis Majesty the Sultan has been followed by some of the principal residents of Constantinople, and the sum of 780?. 6s. 6d. has been forwarded to the Lord Mayor by the hon. secretary, Mr. J. Hardy. The above includes 100 guineas contribulted by Lord Stratford de Rwedeliffe, and 20 guines by Lady Stratford de Red- JERVY. The coUections in this island now exceed 1,3001., and, as there Lre still three country parishes to send in their lists, doubtless Jersey wiUl be the means of adding 1,5001. to the fund. A lourth remittance of 2501. has been received from Jersey. THE COAST GUARD. One day's pay from the officers and crews of the Coast. Ruard stations In the Newhaven district, amounting to 861. 7s. ld., has been received. WALkSINGHR ABBEY. Subscriptions to the amount of about 170?. have been collected, including 13414 contributed by the Rev. D. H. L-ee Warner and family. MARSEILLES. The Consul. fr. A. Turnbull, has forwarded 641. 15s, raised at Marseilles for the fund. AYLESBURY. The coUection in this town and neighbourhood amounts to 115?.
THE HEALTH OF LONDON. (Fromn the Weekly Return of the Reglstrar.GeneraL) The deaths registered in London rose from 988 in the preoeding week to 1.047 in the week that ended last Saturday (October the 314). The deaths of males were 531,those of females 516. In the 10 years 1847-66 the average number of deaths in the weeics corsesponding with last week was 1,008; but to admit of comparison with the deaths of last week, when population had increased, the average must be isid proportionally to the increase, in which case it will become 1,109. The deaths now returned were, therefore, fewer by 62 than would have occurred if the average rate of mortality had ruled. In the present returns typhus (common fever being included under this head in tho table) numbers more deaths than any other zymotic diaease, and scarlatina shows an almost equal number. To the two diseases 56 and 53 deaths respectively ar referred. More occurred from scarlatina (17) in the north districts than in any other of the five metropolitan divisions, and only 8 from that complaint on the south side of the river. Only 11 deaths from measles are returned, and of these only one occurred in the numerous population on the south side. At 8, Medburnstreet, Somerstown, a commorcial traveller and two daughters died of scarlatina within 84 hours. The medidal attendant states that the father " was struck down in 28 hours," In this and other instances in which scarlatina or typhus was fatal, bad drainage, offensive gulies, or lower apartments flooded with sewage aro complained of generally by medical attendants. The deaths from diarrhcea are now reduced to 31; of these 13 occurred in the south districts, only one in the west. T hree deaths are returned as cauzed by cholera and "choleraic diarrhca or fever." On the 29th of October a seamanu aged 18 years, died of "cholera" after 12 hourse ilness, on board a ship in the Commercial-dock. Another case occurred at Osbornecottages, Levwsham; and the third in Regent's-road, Mile-end. Fourteen women died after childbirth; eight infants died from inanition or want of breastmilk. Three persons died of diabetes; one of chorea; four of delirium tremens; three of intemperance. Besides three persons aged 91 years, a labourer is returned who had attained the age of 100 years; he died on the 27th of October at 3, Durham-yard, West. street. Last week the births of 921 boys and 864 girls, In all 1,785 children, were registered In London. In the 10 corresponding weeks of the years 1847-56 the average number was 1,467. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 29774 inches. The highest barometrical reading occurred on Saturday, and was 30 02 inches. The me, n temperture of the week was 516° which is 4 6°above the average of the same week in 43 years {aa determinod by Mr. Glaisher). The mean daiy reading was about 6' above the average till Thursday, and continued In a less degree above it till the end of the week. The highest reading occurred on Monday, and was 64°; the lovest was 378 (on Saturday). The range of the week was therefore 26 2'. The mean dew point temperature was 49°; nd thedifference between this and the mean air temperature was only 2 6'. The wind, which previously had been generally In the south-east, blew on the last three days mostly from the south-west. Rain was measured only to the amount of 0 06 inch.
THE ?4SSPORT SYSTEM rX ENGLAND. TO THE EDrEOR OF TEFE TIMES. Sir,-Your able article of Saturday expresses the popular belif on the sulbect of passports in this country, but, like many other popular beliefs, it is more flattering to our national conceit tha true as matter of fat. I annex a copy of a notice which Is posted up in the steamboat and railway dEfces here-and I suppose at other outports-in the French and Germandlnguages. Every captali of a steamer entering the port Is also obliged, under a penaly of 201., to deliver in to the Customs on Arrval a list of all foreigners (" alens") among his passengers. This appears to me the first step in the obnoxious pass. port ssatem. If M. Cauvainacoepts yourpolite invitation to thbis coun. try he may find, on landing ;r England, a curous commentary on your bost of the!parfect freedom of our sea girt island from the annoyanoe AO espionage of the conti. nental system. IIis Passport may be demanded, as in France, his name registered, and his destination asked. It is only fair to add that, though a penalty is affixed to the non.oompliance of a foreigner with t,hese requisitions, the officials here are by no means exacting ,'n enforcing the letter of the law; but I copy the requiremen.ts of ngish law, and after your article of Satuday I tr,,wt that we 3nay count upon your powerful aid in getting rid of an enactment as uselessM as it is odious. x ous very reepectfunly, C. GIMPLN. Nov. 2. a Les tmg.qu j, lFokeitnpar leabtim..nt, "tPu,o urm pr,,,r . leu- arriV60 iUs mot ~~. ~ ~~ ondss8Etr"gert?de se ; p 9 9 J @ Q J t j a w ~ a m e n d . ~ o ~ p e v i f i 6 e p a r lo d i t a c t e . I
AINIIQUITrES OF KERTCIH. Horaco Walpole sa-,s of antiquparies t1a their understandings are ass much in ruins as the things they describe. To the vast majority of readers, indeed, antiquities are the most wearisome study in the world, and to all mankind there is something very dismal about anything Cimraerian. Yet here is a volume on Cimnmerian antiquities exceedingly wellwritten, beautifully illustrated, published under splendid patronage, fit for the most luxurious library, and not inappropriate to the most brilliant drawingroom table. It is one of the few literary results of the Crimean war, and it is the best reparation in our power of that unhappy accident which ended in the destruction of so many treasures in the Museum at Kertob. There is not much use in now recalling the incidents connected with the sack of that city, and distributing the blame between the apathy of the General in command and the ignorant rapacity of the soldiery engaged. It is enough to say that the letter of our own correspondent, which brought us the account of the mischief, brought us at the same time his denuncia'ion of the barbarism; that the whole public feeling of the country at once repudiated the act; and that it is one of those occurrences which, as war is essentially a return to the savage state, are not always to be prevented even by the most cultivated nations and by the best disciplined troops. It appears that the attention of the late Sir Richard Westmacott was early directed to the favourable opportunity which the occupation of the Crimea by the allied armaies afforded of securing for England such remains of antiquity as had escaped destruction in the Museum at Iertch, and an order was promptly issued by the Wrar Minister to carry out the suggestion, Dr. MIacpherson being one of the principal persons to wlonm the duty of selection was intrusted by the Lieutenant-General commanding on the spot. Dr. Macpherson was at the head of the medical staff belonging to the Turkish Contingent ; andit was while engaged in the business of this appointment that he found time to make extensive researches and exeavations ainong the curious mounds which exist in I the neiahbourlhood of Kertch. The work which is the reslt of his labours in this interesting field he has accordingly divided under two leading heads-in the one giving a chronicle of his operations in reasure huning in the other, giving such an account of thb Ctimea as the treasures which fell into his hands seemed to indicate. In writing the history of the Crimea, indeed, the author goes very far back; he goes back to the wanderings of CJlysses, and much in the same way as our antiquaries read in the poems of Dan Chaucer a prophetic description of the Crystal Palace as it appeared in 1851 he sees in the verses of Homer a veritable gazetteer of the Chersonesus Taurica. It seems that Oa, where dwelt Circe, daughter of the Sun, was no other than Colchis, which mnay be easily recognized by the broadness of the river and the immensity of the forests; that when the enchantress directed the hero to steer his course for Pluto's kingdom and to visit the house of Ades, where the Cocytus and the Acheron mingle their waves with the Pyriphlegethon, she but directed him to cross over to the Crimea, where both in Taman and at Kertch exist the springs of black and burning naphtha, horrible to the smell, and the mud volcanoes which belch forth streams of mingled fire and water; and that in the following lines we have an authentic picture of Balaklava, sketched by the father of poetry many centuries ago:- "Within a long recess a bay there lies "Edged round with cliffs, high pointing to the skies. "The jutting shores that swell on either side, "Contract its mouth and break the rushing tide. *Our eager sailors seize the fair retreat, "And bound within the port their crowded fleet; "And here retired the sinking billows sleep, "And smiling calmness silvered o'er the deep. "I only in the bay refused to moor, "And fixed without my haweers to the shore; From thenlce we climbed a point whose airy brow "Commands the prospect of the plais below; "No tracks of beasts, or signs of manx we found, "But smoky volumes rolling from the ground." A nd still further to extract wisdom out of antiquity and geography out of poetry the worthy doctor goes on to show, with a pleasure which is partly the enthusiasm of an antiquary, partly the dry humour of a Scotchman, and partly the remorseless curiosity of a physician, that our dear old friends Scylla and Charybdis are nothing but the blue Symplegades which every British tar and nautical cook with a quid of 'baccy between his teeth can any day see at the entrance to the Bosphorus buffeted by the waves of to-day ; and that that metalic wonder, the Golden Fleece of Jason, is but one of the prosaic incidents of commerce existing to the present time on the modem Rhion as well as on the ancient Phasis which rolls down golddust in the torrents from the Caucasus, the inhabitants of the district collecting the precious deposit by means of sheepskins, which are sunk into the rivers, and which are soon bespangled with the glittering treasure. So the shores of the Euxine are surveyed by the theodolites of modern science, and the land of venerable fiction is invaded by the doubts of the rationalist, and by the investigations of the historiog-rapher. Antiquities are nob very interesting unless there Is superadded to the attraction of age the more enduring attraction of artistic beantv; and that which gives to the antiquities of the Crimea their principal value arises from the fact that they are the remains of a people eminently endowed with the sense of beauty. They were not barbaria ns; at least they were not wholly barbarians. We find, indeed, remarkable traces of Scythian origin among the mounds of Kertch, but the Scythians had amalgamated with the Greeks who colonized their mysterious shores, and brought with them all the arts of civilization and all the elegancies of a people habituated to refinement. The strangest thing, indeed, is that on this curious peninsula which projects into the Black Sea we a7re so far from finding the vestiges of a homogeneous race that it seems as if every race in the world had congregated here-as if it were a sort of cosmopolite terrltory, the mart of unnumbered peoples, and the cemetery of a score of civilizations. We have alluded to the aboriginal Scythians and to the Greek colonists; in our own time the cotuntry inhabited by a Tatar population and defended by an army formed of the most diverse materials-Cossacks of the Don, Cossacks of the Ukraine, Finns from the far north, and Georgians from the skirts of the Caucasus-has been occupied by an allied army, composed of Celts and Teutons Franks and Piedmontese, in battle array with Zouaves and Turks, recruits from the BashiBazouks and Cossacks of the Sultan; and between the original occupation of the Scythians and the final evacuation of the Orhmea by the allies we can trace in that peculiar tongue of land the presence of innumerable dwellers-Romans of course, Jews of courae, 'the lost Ten Tribes no doubt, the Varangian or Anglo Saxon bodyguard of the Greek Emperors, Venetian and Genoese traders, and many more which it would be tedious to mention. But that which is at once most ancient and most interesting in the relics of the Crimea is, as we have sid, derived from the united energies of Scythian inhabitants and Greek settlers-a union which leaves it doubtful whether Panticapmum, the ancient name of Kertch, is to be referred to the more barbarous or to the more civilized people. The connexion between Greece and the Crimea was so intimate that not only was Kertch raised into such importance as to become in common parlance the - e- _P At A1 - - - I _ . - granary or athens, but we also fin - both the great setions of the Hellenierace, the lonians and the Dorians stretchingalongthePeninsula,andoceupying it in such force as to fight between themselves for the honours of the landL The Ionians, the more intelletual and artistic section, had established themselves at Kertch; the Derians, the more warlike and less pliable section, had established themselves in the Chersonesus Heraclea, that neck of land lying between the harbours of Sebastopol and Balaklava, and lately occupied by the adlied troops. A conflict between settlements thus far separated proves the importance of the emigration towards a district whieh until the late war was almost unknown to our geographers, and was known chiefly as a locality to be avoided on account of the climate. According to the description of Clarke, it was the abode of fevers. "If you drink water after eating fruit," he says, "a fever follows. If you eat milk, eggs, or butter, a fever. If, during the scorehing heat of the day, you indulge in the most trivial neglect of clothing, a fever. If you venture out to enjoy the delightf iti breezes of the evening, a fever. In short, such is the dangerous nature of the climate to strangers that Russia must consider the country a cemetery for the troops which are sent to maintain its possession." When such an idea of the nature of t,he peninsula was added in the popular appreher,t'lon to the vexation caused by the surveillance * Amn uuits of Kertck, and Begearcets in the Cimm Ian Bospharuz XBy I). Mfcpherson, M.D. London, Smith and Elder. r' Russian jealousy, who can wonder that modern Englishmen skh uld be as igaorant of the Crimea, once the re3stl of so many nationalities, as of the Desert of Sahara or the Peninsula of I-amtschatka ? It is not, however, to the Crimea generally, bn't to that part of it which affords evidence of Ionian civilization-it is to Kertch that our attention is particularly directed in the volume of Dr. Macpherson. And here the first evidence of antiquity that engages the attention of a visitor is decidedly Scythian. If the actual treasures which are preserved have the Greek stamp upon them, the singular mounds which are their receptacle are of Scythian contrivance. The traveler on approaching Kertch beholds a wide expanse of meadow land dotted over with ridges and mounds, which on a nearer view assume the appearance of immense cones, their number being so great aud their form so similar that it is impossible to avoid the conclusion that they are of artificial construction. They are, in fact, sepulchres, and antiquaries delight to trace the analogy between these elaborate hillocks and the Pyramids of Egypt, the caves of Ele- phanta, the barrows in Egland, and the cairns: in Scotland. -They are, according to the. locil tradition, sepulchres of the Princes who ruled the Greek colonies; and it is suppo5ed that the earth was heaped ' annually upon their graves, and for a period oE years corresponding to the respect in which they were held, or to the length of their reigns. To this day even the various layers of earth as they were successivelyi | heaped on the graves can be quite easily traced- first, a thin coating of rushes or seaweed, and then' earth to the thickness sometimes of three feet, sometimes of only one foot, according to the size of the tomb. The sizes vary considerably-in circumference from 10 to 400 feet, and in height from 5 to 150 feet. Now, these singular monuments are not very different in character from the monuments which Herodotus tells us that the Scythians were in the habit of raising in honour of their deceased Princes. After embalmingthe'oody of the ing and placing it in a deep fosse on a bed of graes, with spears planted I on either side-sometimes strangling one of his concubines, his cupbearer, or his cook, to bear him company and do him service in the dark abode, supplying them all with viandz and cups and all the !implements of active lifes-his sorrowing subjects threw over him an immense mound, everyone vieing who should contribute most to the monument. And the supposition is that those pliant Greeks, in the exercise of that wonderful faculty of Imitation by means of which they adopted all that was excellent' or striking in the practice of the nations with which they came in contact, but adopted so that the Imita- tion seemed to be an original suggestion rather than a servile copy-accepted and improved upon the Scythian mode of buriaL Instead of depositing their princes in a deep square fosse, they provided a tomb of stone, and, placing them there with ceremonies somewhat different from the grim lacerations and horrible sacrifices with which the Scythians celebrated their funeral rights, heaped over them the conical mounds which remain to this day. The contents of these tombs are very curious and very valuable. The sculptured marbles, the ivory carvngs, the metal and alabaster vases, the glas vessels of lovely form, the coins so sharp of outline and well-finished, the necklaces of massive gold, the bracelets of electruin and other trinkets, the drink- ing cups, the arrows, even the paintings with which the walls of the tombs are adorned, caneasily be imagined, although perhaps it may be scarcely credible that these last,which were on stucco and plaster, and which were in water-colours of white, black, yellow, red, blue, green, gray,-the same colours, in fact, as were observe on frescoes discovered in several parts of Tuscany some five-and-twenty years ago,-were perfectly fresh and suffered not the slightest Injury until some time after the light and air of day had penetrated into the vaults, when at once the colours grew pale and the plaster crumbled away. Curious, however, as are these remains in themselves, we take a much nearer Interest in coming into contact with the bodies of the dead which they surround. In the stillness of the chambers where they have re- posed for centuries the dust of the human frame lies yet unruffled in the form of man. All has mouldered into dust, but there still are the depressions where the eyes once gleamed, there is the slight elevation of the nose, there the mark of the mouth, there are the hand some beads in the right hand, some walnuts in the left, and the green mark of a copper ring on one of the fingers; but all gone into decay except the teeth. Here is one body with something like a Persian skullcap on the head, and the hair has not yet passed into its native dust; there is a garnet brooch on his breast, and by his side there are not only some perfect walnuts, which are now in the British Museum, but also a beautiful glass decanter, containing about a spoonful of red wine, with a drinking glass beside it, into which the departed chief if so inclined, might pour the generous liquid. hlere again Is the sarcophagus of a king,with sharp fints piled up at his feet-thenatural expresOf grief among a people who cut themselves with knives and other sharp instruments when their hearts were full; by his side were placed images of his gods and of his armour, here an iron sword richly embossed and covered with gold, there a Cossack whip also covered with gold, a shield of gold, the size of a five-franc piece, while his bow asad its wooden case had, like the owner, crumbled into dust, only the plate of electrum which adorned the quiver remaining intact. By the side of the king lay the queen; on the dusty semblance of her forehead a mitre encircled by a diadem of gold, which was adorned all round with enamelled rosettes; on her neck was a gold necklace, the extremities of which were lions couchant; also a second necklace of gold filigree, from which were suspended little bottles of fine gold; five medallions of exquisite workmanship, and fastened by smaU chains of gold, rested on her bosom; a magnificent electrumvaseforperfumes stoodat her feet. Not only was the king thasburied withhis godsandhisarmour, andthe queen with her jewelry and her perfumes -the tomb was supplied wFith knives, and mnirrors, and instruments of music, and to make up all that could be wanted there were the skeletons of a servant and of a horse. The skeletons of horses are, indeed, very abundant in these remarkable tombs. Surely if antiquities and fossils are to some people of little value, antiquities and fossils found in such a.position suggest thoughts which reach to the hearts of us all, and make the researches of the archeologist as affecting &a an elegy or solemn requiem. Even in those Pagan tombs we find the suggestions of that blessed hope-of that sense of immortality which. has been confirmed by the revelations of a purer faith. That in impoesible for the huma n mind to conceive of its own a nnihilation everything tells us. In every breast there is not merely the plea sing hope, the fond desire, the longing after immortality; there is the senseit may be vague and undefined; but still pervading all our theughtb and influencing all our serious acts-that there Is a life beyond the grave, even if it be a state of existenc no higher than the present, in which our horse and faithful dog beat us company. Prom this point of view the catacombs of Kertch contain treasures that are not only interesting to the artist and valuable to the antiquarian, but that also have a moral importance which no man of right feeling wil regard with i ndifference.
SMOKING IN A -I WAY CABRIAGES. TO TE CE;DITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-On Friday last two ladies and two gentlemen took their places from York to Leeds in a first-class carriage ('.To. 5), by the 3.30 train. In the next compartment of the same carriage were five gentlemen, two of whom were directors of the North-Eastern line. Their names can be given. The moment the train had left York cigars were lIghtod, and the palries ooltinued to smoke-in spite of a 2ernonstrance addressed to them at Milford Junction, through one of the porters-till the end of the journey. At the Malton station ther is hung up a printed notice to the effect that " a paesenge in a second-class carrfage had been summoned before a magistto for smoldng, and a fine of 21. inflicted. The fine was paid." Your insertion of the above statement will much oblize. xour humble sernLnt TUSTITIA. Nov. 2.
EAsTnousNE.-On Saturday last an inqueet was I eld at the Lodge Inn, before the coroner, Mr. F. R. Gill, cn the body of the lad found near Langley Point on the previous Thursday. A post mortem examination had been made by Mr. G. A.. Jeery, of this place,surgeon, bat we are unable to give his evidenoe (reporters having been excluded), We understand, however, that in his opinion the unfortunate lad came by his death by unfair meas=. As mentioned in our last, the body was much emaciated, and we hear there was a contusion on the head, apparently the xesult of a blow from some blant Instrument. The inquesat has been adjourned to the 13th inst. The body, under thecoroner's warrant, has been baried at Willingdon, but previous to interment several photographs were taken, and by t~mearns probably the poor lad may be identified. The Cx in the da of Mr. Snpnriatendent Flanagan, of the East lihtx oonsabulary, thso eh whose exetions we hope bomro light may bf, thrown upon'h tbe ygterlmu Affair,
SALES BY AUCTION, *11t6i-Fralrwood House and liBtate.-A mO'p,e-g.BIB and~ Mo- -G. Residence. with Btablinig, Garden I"e Asnze Grounds, and rcmnental rark-like Pasture of nearl&y X.res, within two miles u,f the We*tbery Junctilon Sitlton of the I'-.rsn Weeho_n Railway, tund of ties value of about £1l 170 IV mannnu' ~-u SSU. NRTO, tOG'(-ART. and TRiST hv~e-r recevel. hnsty uctioas to o i e r fo0r S&A.L E by AUO 1I Otf alt Vtue lIen neurs the Bank of England, OP. Friday, Nowember 13, histeseI at October 30, sas previously *dvoztl,ed (ingess Previously dispoged of ~~vat tg.Vty, In one lot. Wat above dsa&alaoe RESIDENCE andl TAI.siut rincli)alY in the Danoshes Of Westbury and North Bradley, 4+ miles mrom Trowbridge, five fronm Prosse, dix tramn Warmlnsier. In the county of Wilts, with a npast in VlkeleY, tn the county of Somerset. Tihe resIdence, which is in a comnplete state of ornamenta and sUbstantia repair throughoat, Is approached by a carriage drive of upwards of P amire in length through J,ez,ittieliy timbered park-like grounds and lodge entrance, and cornrpmis &ltgtfU ViW43Of he urrounding country, including thre oeelxtasted Brattoil White Horse hilbL~ it contains suirceent accommodation for a moderate-steed family, and hga adjoining it an excellent and moat productive walled garden, with paved wa-its, hot-house, grapery, aNother kitchen garden, stabling for six horses, coach-house and men's meems over, pleasur grounds, lawn lItd out, with much taste and extendingr to an osuamental sheet ot water, affording excellent fising, ebrubberiee, &a.; frame gtound, yards, gardleners' and keepers' cottages. ETven cottages and gardenisfor labourers, and a loom cottage and buildings. In a orntral ort oftshe estatewae extensive'farm baudings receently erected at gtoat cost, and complete with adi modemn Improvemaente. and machinery for threshing, grinding. ho., the whole driven bry constant water power. The estate, which is entirely freehold, and In a sing fence has been in the occupationt of the proprietor for manuy ocears, and comprises 410 acmes of principally pasture and meadow land, of excellent qsuality. particulariy for grazing and daliry purposes, the g:eater part thorougbly tile-drained, and interspersed with thriving woods and plantations, and admirably adapted for the precervation of Fins. There Is frtt-rote shooting ; the Duse of Beauifort's, the South ~Vllta, and other hounds are within easy distanice, and the property is well worthy the attention of capitalists desiring a compact ertate either for ercupation us a sound invescoxent, and the owner of Fairwsood has the Driviege of voting for the boroug of Westbury. fot North sad South Wilts, atnd for Somersetshire. APurchaser may securo the excliusive right of shooting over 200 acres of wood lend adjoining, well stocked with kme. The appropriate furniture may he taken at a fair valuation, an, one moiety of the purchase-mnoney would be allowed to remain on mortgage at I per rent, per annum. May be viewed by cards, and particulars had at the Lopez Arms Inn. Westbury ; the White Hart and George Hotels, Bath : White Lion, Briatol : of Messrs. Goldney and Fel!owes, solicitors, ChIppienhamn, Wilts : of Meses,& ei,Wood, and Street, 6, Haysond's-buildings, London; at the ar:and of Messrs Norton, Hoggart, and 'Irist, 62, Old Broadutreet, Royal Exchange, BW. MARSH's ORDER of SALE, atth Mart, oDito the Bank of England. for To-morrow, Nev. 0, at 1:- I t 8.Lriht alubleold i'ollcies of Assurance in the Atlas, Clerical, fia n General, legal and (lerseral, Noraich Unioln, and Universal ofilces 5. A Rteveraoionar Life Interest In Freehold and Copyhold Prolperty, shtalst at Oundis, In Northamptonshise: the Abrolnte PtO. * vesio to Leac,of £00.andto asumof 290, receivable en the 10. Polcy f Asurane fr th sumofe2.0:0 in the .Britanima II.TwoRet-cargs r Anuiie, o £100and £M6 each, resstvabledurng he ois lies f to prsoa aed espectively 42 and 66. 12. Tu Abolut Revesionto te sumof £235a. Sd, Cousols, receival on thedecease of a laynwi e 0hyear. 12.Lon Leoehld roprtyat ermndos-and Rothechitbe for 14, Lesehld.Houe, 1, Cichete-plce,Gray's-lair-road, let 11. alcbleFrehol Buidin lad, earMelbournme, Australia. Paricuarsma o otaied t te Hrt;andat Mr. Marsh's omcer, Handsome mnodern Furnitutre, Suites of ik n te utis Glasses, Carpets, Pianofortes, Cabinets,Bozs, and Dcrtv M R. PHILLI]PS begs to announceth-athe willSELL iuby AUCTION, at his Great Rooms, Now Bond-street, THIS DAY. 4h& November, at I precisely, the excellent modern FURHI. TURE, comprising a suite of drawing-room evtains, for three lofty windowsg, In crimson and gold silk, with chairs sofas, and Settees, designed inwalnut-woed and rovered to correspond, Spanish mahogany dining-room turniture,includlng a noble stdeboasd,wlth plate-glaze bask, extending dining tables, 20 stuffed baok and easy chaise dinner wag- cna,&c. aueleantboudoir suite, covered In green and white satin ettD&ofthe librery In oak coverod in green morocco. coraprIsn sofas, chairs, bookcases, pedestal and other tables chininey, pier, an consle lases,borie asqotere ebiste ndtables, clocks, cande- inmale wMiURREahoanL ans binaruchweod conitn offe Tuor SAnd rabia gbedteds dUTOubl and siGlerway',Crdrbes a ndownsbs ond TDuhedeand o.19ath1r doresI (nges a tablesadgae, ofexellen bedpeing THere, andth Turkeyh cftarpets, ch na,dlas, andh effes Mvreay heoee the dayhoprecedingsan morng sofehe sale,eand sudtaloge had hoat Mr. ethriiss oaot G and rave,aooms. nie ro stt.Th sa oontsns lbott - Gren adot0acrWest Indies olyae.t Desn Plate. TheB ELL is instrutedfo thegowt offe foroa ALdte ,LLL f d bytpublic AUCTION,eat qOtcawy's Coppdrumil Loe dond.o rooeiouon mad e bydprivte trbeatyo,pllethanoftwel knowne andhgl pevroplari,rewi& intk the eeih ftt ateforenad wthm lbs oretrts house,fro curing-ouse, bildngs orsoehusler p thereon, and ashorl ae hrousread store matb hrand oafie aMes to.ekn mi eles fo the Bnestte.T estat clontaisquabrt - acrest abuctioer 100 acresoof whichholyaeatpesen p Antd.Tertsoul Is wellaaphte-od-forethoemgeoth of c3aoo,an h ccAJo)tisBEsTatedi SONh best ulty shtifpe frhat the ISALand palcer wiongt FUN TakE. the, destatedfr term tate penaw varyin from LIre0 to 340perannum.d o Fhuller particular - shrtl OED forephare -Albert-squae, C -lbpham-roay Pspnmo of Sale. an AM E T %tdSN o o notialn th.t themoe AL tJe.xeofr UNtoRE &cL adverCTIsedNt tate plaei ato3s, Qalbetysqure Cap ans-oa, on Thrsday, Nov.be 6, Is P1 orIPO for theail ~'urnture Cabiet Pano,Llbr~~ook, Smllt Serice ofd Plass, and ernoal iems f th lat Cap wera a.nd removedn fromn Woolwlch for the convenienee of sale.rt-Ole 'M4ESSRS. MORIE and CLR r larltodb ,,Y.teEeuosto SE~LL by AUCTION , at the3rt onihr2dRo oms 1, Q alty coturt,Can1s0-tn, on FRIBLOd ayNovembe 6d StHlife 12. thbectale FUtNT URE, o incrluingroadat let-roo Psuitea; in roewx od, chimeyglases OrnAmenlts n Rlevues, painting anehod pHonse, chin adonndglass, thdathogan anwdoak table, cairs irs s ete couhes prncdindugitngn cairs,1 bedcambr, al pndes s the rataan atr lso,e fersthednmetio a rdrins athee ofappael,f an Thmiscellanies, ayd bet viewe consen day pfseHonou the ViemOailFeollold estaes, closeato Comerhold-roae,wihar and a olr 111 nESceS. o.MOO3 E Wolndt& TE PoLEr lareinstfructedbl .lanetSFL byt UCoTIoN-r a lt the Bart,eilya on ursa yea,Nv 12, ath 12,s indtwoaleis ao RbeH ~ v HOUSd P andoum SHOPr2,tometroet,one steam Commpe anrodet letsor 810toSs anteva416 Blmeadsr. t; ooelh withoteAztreeoflu.t Revur,r tothe Freoldctr,3 H oouse, ry3,adjoinng on thredet 01oka widow ladyo, 7 aged6 st oite preedn g thent aptv £12. causea of e"Thopn atJve ndwt the consent l ofMeMor u hispleHonourth aputenaners,4 Nlmfo.d 43ee, Woltv.ere~Polr edngfo oi MRats .n wTer. To.b viLe. Pa 5 dsreticlr,Uhrto ie,o Messrs. TemLeBAYo an Inds or,s.oltos 4OR, Btoheldwsrkst WofyolSco-tret, of Wspare Stei. esn, Eume, smolictor, 3. nkertonsr.p e Cofpr George Cook%. 60q.,oliritor,o0 Pheapte; olathed arespectivelupromiser;of achrato the Poroongravn gsof esrs Mroorean Temple, auc- Renelngton-Hou o.2ca Oditre Bo and-sret., i mn,o~u MRB. THOMDASRDO will SELL by AUCTION, o atthe PRooms, 2o. Old icond-street,o Thnsintod ayNoeme 1AY, Scott , Sakes orIperole,ltey, tHoe HOSmEolDet FURInkeRE, Cowpr Cooper, o James,any 10 uncest bof plate plr atedrartieles, valuable 71ec-ts,n microcoewAd, poo bkengravinseatos ofcarsn, tastlaks, aendea hardbeing.May be viewvedte dthayaprevioussand orning f ae.CtajCtlogues atth rooms;bad of h premThomas Fox, auton areero andhus agient, H.Cisolega-ret, withi. Ite8ssgto.-Houvhn4 nrltssre, Finnoureo, tiarmoWe um, egPitma MB. GODDRDVL will SELL by AUCTION.,o .&LE. he Pr mises, o, VEIctorAYra, Noensingto, atH D,maoAuY Nov. D,at 11For1 trbolely, Syethe HOUShollennd FrNITURE, con- rlslieg o maeay or~ibdsteads, hedu oml-o'air atardsse and boleeddin, wis,res y and s 11inglew rd e oo kcOase, sate onia chairs, 6itables,fenders cur6s Bfrusels Pcturees chlrtA. kmney elasdes,UetaGofete, hahmnaun, Rlhe BItems,Ac,T bevewed thfayoprev iousan mrinstrctof aic Catflogum y be hAdt en thpraomses;th oft Messs. WMarueon, and. tasood B pholsterers,TRe, THISgo BAza, Nov and at 11sfre. Godrd iaey on thes F4.msesIAlb-ontreet racity. tail Sdnam erRud 208. an Ox1od-streDet,weeognythep Foietuelsan Shdeprnt,bam Fitationgs,o Stov ies. ada-U theemoedhlo,lbe oissben UNT E prequired4fo oanothribusan.adencbdtrsnhni3ofahresnat6gf and cbi they lrems,ces,s Tof A,Nvebrs t1 mahogany daes o ttbe,f. SHOPd10 u FIXTURES, cemprisingcuntss drawers,shelves, shdeow-rdses. shopfronet, gas fittingsastovs-c.onvview moorninget of diaing Catad drowues rofthe ebasrtonvered72 leaod.thret an Wnines. car1otv cthitageP1-ifortesIn hiul, Syeubm.-lgaxYclt oer H akouseholndFu Intire, Matrestands BDdinga domsrwlendopwcrbtains and Toileto Soets, b,diiganPeboeabe,Brussels an Kidderminster,sdV etacrpt-ug,fn ae Car-ns florltb,ematyan.idlna lata.oo d C thairs, an wnian thar OtheUtalekottgen Uhaofote-Ma Picueswad Prints,Y ChImeydznd Toile ataGlasses,C tne ble s band OILther Edfete,ado teacine,4 m7pao pe oydn lbs PRoies,Into. erae oet-ii yeha,naR d kil, ad ldw,yedeen th Foresthillad I yn bmvlton,o cbeffoness, har and ameekclosere ouhes seir fdnn n drawin room hair,.sovand leartherwand indian easychair 61octave xmeatte pitowrste Bin hadndsm mAhpOganydcas bye Jcklony sttond music, pictuoresad prints, udcomankdindo cra11(4etnsiand omic Pcls dortioteu,ve mats ehltae golass,candeter effecs wtha the usua kite heonty re,oulasites.oMay be viewdth day-precding-th saeaaaoust heo hd ontho prmises and h fathbed auo enc,4,drw nng r -piaICs Uppra Sydenbam. Rent,ou srvnt,iedroms borths P3ntevo an.etdesiabgoale reehold Ivn nvstmletn-B Mssrs.bl LEE a gndtlON,at tn's ar hvngw innef,matn-Biefers, one residay,e the sth daye oJamesGoubo nFzt,t 1dclock. pireiey s"bec to such t cos-, well-ssoasedhallwergrhen end theamre groduced WOI WAYe prevouslyed poedmoft byextrte Contaclt),3d8fVQb-"l2 d4atlL cotha heM nsouousIt.hdvligTooe, wth thp Outyhouses, anLlorlrartddr gadn,anlisur rud Ise;nap egetherZ t r'id ois nin dhe-, C igthe dOurein psorerta I comptrised rinarige feces, aondv is m ostdeightully stuate caloseat the ritol e hanne nmarka thes stundy ofithgenstloeme T Eats and Toride wihnen easybi -fal ofe theo bauartytwn of its doefrd yeenand Oppcortu ndiof thearaltlwm y stationg oeidnterBdelyfof ie, antommandbing most etenssmyoiveead lc troHcsque vihew of oallth toelyb scpenery of haoprthofmthe coutry.e aie mansre dontainagod dIninguroo, acwith&PggO h roematead illrthy, bratie skspatry,o laudry mangood cellar,l ublse and mVy-caein siayble ctica-one apianticllnto wealled gade andCoge fOlctrcar, Sn emleat7and Deooln,wt anll bexe, randya th ie land ourthof iflaion betfuithand Imay diaey re ntigred. hdrele,Tooegigooccrrncidt I,. St. Pauls churohyard.-An elegant Aaeemb`lge o- aeerly new Eon ehold Furniture and valuable Effects, conelating of a noble xakibition Sideboard, two 6-feet Spanish mahoganw Wardrobr, two elIegnt drawing-room Saito& cove:edinnaatin, fine buhl and marque. teone Cabinels, Secretary, Bookcses, velvet-pile and other Ca'rpsts Noble Chimney Glasses, two fdne-toned Pianofortes, and the uxud Appendages for the Dining and Bed Rooms and few out-dor ef ect partly removed from Ilnglon, MRB. BARNS will ELL by AUCTION, maibove, ., THIS DAY _November 4b, and To-oocrrow, at? 12 rreo.oy II valuable AhSHMBLAG4 of nearly new HOUSEhOLD tVuRNI: 91U0E and E:FEETS,inrlndnlcgtwo fine-toned planofort eschsffonlerg, twro elegant derwng-roou suites in walnut and rosCwood. covered In satin with tables to matcb, or-moulu and other clocks buml and marquetesiscabinete, sretayw, bookcases, 3ardiners, chbofoe ornmentAl ltemra hmlh mahor=y telesop.e dining tables, sideboard, twelve supe2or chke, eovered la leather with ea sn multe, fine Elorentine aronre, noblo chinsajasr Wret-pie carpetsof large dimensions with rugs, Ier,. Atbio bedgteaeg in Spanish mahogany and walnut with daask furniture, twro very sin 1-fret panih nmabagany wardrobe uheete of drawver, elugi an dooj,l hole washtands cheval and tello; yla, the usua acspdages, o-door effects, lc. On view Tresxuy andrsnrsniog satr3e? - taiogris as above, and of lHr. Burrett, whdctor, 2, Bell-yard. DortsS'ciommocL. N B. Mfoney advance 04 11911 1l}ptiqs of llcOpr.t 5X^ The Twyford Rellste, neaw th Whinas- of the 8OR11tWAt- -ANUld BlIhopateke ftafttoe M[ESSBS. DANIEL SM, g%llwar, haisvereceivednltustctle- ~Tfl B0N andlOARLT.M ar,near the Bank of '.ngla, iS 0 e;erfWSALZ.at the Anotis 1857, at 12 a'clock thisva I %&1WCRday he 1h oebr follo0wing lots :-LOt L. Tt :.ht 6ftE L PRthoPfT invember Stto,In teprah obeTar' . cssa alled Shawiofi House,iviuate Staio>, n ber"A, du within four miles of the Wiurhester fence, 56e. 3r. 2ijp 4fli timbered pak, containWn, Ln a rn house Is weon a' of %aat% valuable sound meadow Iland "o The family, and), ,.a4st for the faul requiremnents of a moderat.slzd Frederick. da'a o an ye:, and is now oceupted by General this pri- cat 8oseesson may be ha In June, 1858. The situlion of and' P wih reard to railway roommunlcatlon, good .reietv, Mv - district, may be oonaidered first-rate. Lot%2 Thre A , tesoelWlsblyJU stuate, and well t after a rao4tcste otaay, to become zhe residence of the prop toe of the esaUte; tegether with SO9a. Sr. So. of freehold arable, meadow wates unsadow, arA woodlarida. the- whole lying well together, aaCi baving thereon two farm hooesteads, well situate for the economica esiltiaTMi0n vf the land. This lot, with the exception of about two acres ins the pmarish of Otterbotne, Is in the parish of Twyford, and Is In an excellent sa"te of cutietiorr. The 'whole Of the arakle lands are adapted for sheep farming, and a son. siderable portion of them ane of first-rate e,uslty. The water meadows consist of upward's of 70 acres, and their quality2wil. he clearly desemibed by the fact that they are situa,te in the pariah or Twyford. The woods, about 1Ie acres, formndg Twyford-park, are well "aapod for the growth of hop poles and timbtr. Poeresson of the whole of this lot may he had at Michaelmas. 181. Lot 3. The Ilsnsting Farm, aSituate In the parishes of Twylord and Owalebury, and containing 475e. 2r. 35p. of arabio and paauxe-land.wlth good fArm homestead, farmhouse, and premisee, and four cottages Thin let in freehold, with the exoeption of s. r. p., which are copyhold of the Manor f OLMerwel, and have been arranged to be onfranchised for P. ;this sum with the fines and fees, to he paid by, the vendors ThLe cottages are let by lease upon lives and the revrersion to them will be included in thi¶lot. The whole forms a most desirble farm, and powsesson of It may be had at Mfichaeenas, 1818. Lot 4 consIet of 924a. 2c. Sp. of arablo, pasture and woo-d lad, lying extremely wel) togther, in the parish of Owalobury, oonalting of Maxwell Manor, Park, Hurst, and Lodge Farms, With A Tery lare and exoollentdsh. fond.Thispropetyin well adapted for the erection of a realdeuncefor hnde sopiltand and particularly for cue fond of Hield Dot and ' I adgeneral characer of te, reltate are of iha~ tor which will accue to the puYchaaer a fnul recompenEx forhi outlay. It Is within four miles of the BlehopBtoke istation, and aix of the Winchester ; and is partly occupied by Ier tenants and partly lot onlese The whole1 in freod aew well worthy the attontlo of capitlsteat desiring wagiutural nvest. moente with or without residence. Pull articulars may be had of Messrs. Bray, Warrn, and B3asding, 87, Great ltusell-atreet, Blooms' bury Mesrs Benet, FeldandDamon,Linoolxn'e-Inn Messrs. in-feldsnr;o Messrs.,Bneahrf WiChe and tcsa te,ot o9 f O olena.teeG ten. MIESSRS. DANIELSMITH, SON, arid OAKLEY - - JwilI offer for SALE by AUCTION, at the Mart, near the Bank of England.o Tuesday the 17th day of November, at 1.2, In one lot, the MANOof M?iWLL whicoh extendis over the whole of th4 f,rs fOleaury, exceptin only the freehold lands belonging to belt iLd l dmay, the extent of the parish ts 5,431 acres. The average annual produce during the last 30 years for quit rents, finer and hieriotg has amounted to the sum of £101 lie. The copyholmi Prinwibemore particularly doescibed by a plan aecompanyin l" lanof sale, and extend over nearly 2,CSO acrea, the asanun vale,o which with the various houses. cottages and premises, and other hereditarnents, at a moderate calealatlon ex le the sum of £2,410. The whole affords an unusually good opportunity for invert. mnerit the oopyholdere with few exceptons being desirous to enfran. chice. Plans and partIculars may sortly he had of Mdessr. Bray Warren Harding and Warren. solicitors, 57, Gret Ruaerll-street; Bloorss6nry ; of Messrs Bennett, Fjield And Dawson), solicitors, Liu. coin's-inn'- of Messrs. Blake, Tilees and Tiles, 14,Essex-street ; Jimes Wickens, Nso I. Obnd&setreet, bivendiah-squwar; Meser. Leman anid Co 'SI Icoln's-lnn.flelda; Messrs Steward, Bell1, and Lloyd, 49, Lingln~e-nn-fielda : Messrs. Biscooff, Cox and Bompas, 19, Coloman-atreen, city; at the George Hotel, Wincleseter at the Dolphin Hotel, Southampton ; at the Masrt,* and of Meters. haniel Smith. Son and Oakley, agents, 10, Wateuloe-:P6aco Pall-mall, Loendon, The Manor of Twyfrd, near Winchester, In the oun~ty of Sou~th. ampton. luESSIRS. DANIEL SMITH, SON, arid OAIKLEFY JVJ will offer for SALE, at the Mart, near the Bank of England, on Tuerday, the 17th day of November at 12 in one lot, the MANOR of TWYFOBI) which extends over GeWI,0le Of the Parish (excepting only the freehold lands belonging tothe late Lay ildmnay). Thleex-. tent of the pariah Is 4,219 acres. The average annual produce during the last Is years. for Quit rents. fines, and heriot,has amounted to the sum of £263 is. 9d. The copyhold portions will be muore particularly described by a plan~, accomspanying the particulars of rale; they ex. tend over nearly l, CO acres-the annual value of which, with the various hiouses, collagen, and premises, with other heredltamonen!, al moderate calculation, exceeds the suim of £3,260. The whole afords an unusually good opportunity fOr investment, as the oopyholders, with very few excegtione.weeager to enfranchise. Plansand particula ra ay short lycehad of Mesecs Bray, Warren, B3ardlng. and Warren, solicitors Groat Russell-street, Bloomsbury; of Messrs Bennett, Field, and Damson, solictors, Lincoln's-in; of Meas. Blae, ~yee,sadTyee,14~Esex-kee, trand; James Wickons, cTy;j gofteors.l Weotdhange solictoeprs,b WincTester at te GeorgeO~ Soutbampton 1,ESSRS. DANIlEL SM1TH SON, ad OAKLExy MT will offer for SALE at the Aucaon Ma'rt, near the Bank of Rugland, on Tuesday, the~ 17th day of November next, the RHCTORIAL RENT.CHEARGE of the parish of TWbYYOtD, amountIng, in gross, to the rum of £150 Ga. Ild. per annum;- also the Prsonage-house and Meadow. This poy In hoeld from the Hospital of St. roes for two lives, now aged respectively 88 and R4, akt an annual resrved rent of £20, together with the Darconage house and mneadow which it is proposed to isell separately from the tithes and free of t6is roeservd rent. The purchaser of this lot will hae to keep inrepar the chanoel of the church, on which a coneldemable sumu baa been ltely expended. P'articularsuma ho had of Messr. Bray, Warren, and lardIni, 57, Great Rusrel-street. Bloomabury, M,essrs. Bennett, Field and Dawon, Lincoln's-inn.- Messrs. Blake, Tylee, and Tyiee, 14, l.RZex-strcet, Sisand : James Wickens, Fa,1, Chando-s-treet, Cavendlsh-square ; Iseses. Learsn and Co., 81,in coln's-inn-fields Messrs Bell, Steward, and Lloyd, 49, Lincolnsinn&r. lields ; Mlessr13s. chofi. Coxe, and Bompas, 19, Colemnan.street, city. Messrs Woodars solicitor-a Wlnchester~ and of Messrs. Daniel Smitb, Son, and 8akley, land agents, 10% Wasterloo-plece, rall-mall. The PTsefordl Estate, rear the city of Winchester, ad the Winchester andBisho tokeStations ontheLundonandSouth-Western ailway. willS DANIEL SMITH, SON, anid OAKLE'Y Lit UBELL by AUCTION, at the George Hlotel, Winches. wsr, on Saturday, the 21st of Novemnber, 1857, at 2 o'clock, (instad of S.turday, the 10th of October in numerous lota, various lpor lions of this ESTATE, situate (u the puarines of Twyord mard Oweaebury, comprising a valuable freehold, water corn mill, known ar ,th%wford MiLl with convenient resdence, mniller's cottage, stable, do,, and about 12 acres of first-rate mneadow land, uow In the O=~tion Of Mr. Hfenry Young, Also A valuable meadow, c-ooboth hli also, Ga. Or. 17p, of water meadow in the peris ofCompton, leascbold of the De-en andOhp ter of Winchester. Alsoo a-sall freehold farm, of shout3? acres, with small hoses and necesaray building, adjoining the high road to Botlesy near to Colden Commonc occupied by Mr. Charles Stanbrook, togetLer with a valuable bclcc and tUe manufactry, with tile kiln, dryintg anad stacking sheds, do, Also 23 acres of sound froeehold graft Land beautIfully studded with timber and joining thLe high moad at Colden-ooulmmo, weOll adaptd for the erection of a resldenoe; about 20 acres of free. hLold pasure land, with a, good ooetage reeiden.Nxtable, ceach-heose whee wript'ea workshop and yard adjoining the hih road,_Vleassantly idtate th boze ndPremises are in the ocaun alen of Mr. James Vear, anyearly tenanst. About 15acresof freehod pasture land,wall timbered, endLforming agoodasite for building. A houseadjoininigthe turnpike read, a pie of sopyhold woodland, known as Ly' Copes, contaIning Ia. Or. IP. Also severaldetached piece of freehol meadow laud and numnerous cottages; and gardens, let on lea3es for lives Printed particulars with Plans daesibing the mnode of lotting, may be had of Messr. Bray, Wamen and Harding. solicitors, 57, Great Ruszell-etregt. B1o-omsbury - Mesers Bennett, Field, and Dawion, Lincoln's-inn; Kessrn. Blake, myse and Tylee, '14, EfSsex-atrseet, Strand, James Wickens. Eisi LOhandos-elseet, Cavendinhis-qusre; Meesc Leman and Co.. 81, lWonolnrsi'al-fields, Messes Bell. Steward anid Lloyd. 49, Lincoln's-Inn-fields; Messrs Blsh-off. Cox%e,ud Bompa 19. Coleman-sket city; Messrs Woodham, solicitous, Wiceeter; anid of Messrs Dnel Smith, Son, and Oakley, land asents and surveyors, 10, Waterloo-plaoo. Pall-mall. No. 1, Brunswlos as.t.ure~~ andEfcs R. H EDWI iO sdrcd to SELL by AC R IO,nThe, n h Premises, as ahove, on Tuesda daNovember10 at 12, the remaining oe PORURNIofThREcaitaluHdUSg aewLd dIraw. J9TUl OOmpsuite n bgte usmaa,Piaonfort the Mooe,dmhogler adbre- fcptiosndrooms ncludIng handsome, chuesoimney ad ie larees oflth noble mdimensiones. May be viewed the day Prtor and morning of sale,an 3 catalogues had onu the premises, and at Mr. Edwin -Fox's offices,dl 41 olemau.street, Bank. - No,l20. SI. Thomas's-squaRe,to pak er, Firrnt,retan Effet. MR. EDWIN FO aintnto oSELb AY. AUCTO , on the M rmssa bv,o hrdy o.1,a 18 te nea and mOLDen UINT ,icungaoeoddrw ay chamberwIems, china, gass,ible, pLateod ricles,ktmeneitensls ~R. EDW~IN FOX is instruictedtot, SELL by AC ,L AUCTIONN at the Mart, on Wednesday,N ovember1,a 12, at 12ellsecuredgan FItiiBaOu Its)oYD beingN?of £25 per annum, riin Outdofdetw -ohose, Coe. 0 ande10. fchurch-street, Grewenrich lotut r wiOuth erga ott14,agesoi the Foetrear.frmin Skinnouer's-court,the present beren-bitalo hc inmies le resumedt be u),hl about Ioupersnms, lase inw 17ondre. s.Maybeviewed n atclr hand Partheularemises st. telheast; ofAq winto, 2e sOlictor,- a, Elsoex-courd t, eple adwnd atFOX dIr o's o ffic,V,Ooes,n41re, 6lsA; -tret Offewllgering a vlber Leasehold Invstestmet PA . EDWIN FOX is inatructed to SELL jby Hi.AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, November 18 Ilt 1n lin, SIe neatc brick-bFUil HOUeS, nedtandgeoubs y localed bris-blla thiving an populoe nd oIin being N or,1 1, tod 4, WalliraygtosrrW, Ldonerry-roadpectamblyrlott,tfacngs 'oL'old standiwgryt letwa rentas, amnountingR to £1144 alseth Forestersb'ng ol Arms Berr-hou,,angxpthed aten, bodric-bite prmisnd lent at £20 per annum, hreeld foartlungtrms, allowbgroundesrents. May be viewed, and particulars had of R.e Heehorm;ofJ EA. soisto Es9. Poulltory; ath Mart;sic-ande at Me.Edi Fo'sart: andsa 4M,r.lmsjdw leet Bank.cs~4,Ooewtt Valuablze,LeseoldbProperty, on thes frlomt C lharitytatston ox, eth EDWIN OX Ii nstruced tostruLL t saw c33goorie, evR enr3ue, pledidO^nevs2atory by Weeks, 165 ft. long, two walled-in kitchen gardens, Orchard. paddeck of 4a. I and reehratod from home paddock of fve crves, with vfuile t n ghr3ito Cherteey: amuple out-buildings, etbig he wonte forming a sweetly pretty and elegant 33tate. Particulars may be hadi of - Cutler, Re3q., eolidltor, lPornvals-tan ; of Messrs Sueii, S7, Albemare-rlee s at the inns In the towns named an sd Of the auctioneers, Xreehold Mansion for Residenco or Invsstment.-West-hil MESSRS. BROOKS Iad BEAL wll SELL by AUCTION. at Garraway's. Change-alley, on Tuesday, be 24th November, at 12, a FREIBEOLD PROPERTY, comprisig a subetan. tially-built and elegantly-decorated masnion, eituate in the Avenueroad. West-hIll, Wsndsworth, within a few minutes' walk from Wandswokth Station, standing in ita own grounds of about two arer wlith coach-house akrd atabil3g, erected withbin a few years at a cost of over £icoO. The freeholder wii tenant it on leaee for 7, 14, or 21 years, at per cent. on purchaw money. Part my remain on mortgge, ,Wlimbledon speaks for itself, and Is deservrdy deemed a most beautlIll suburb. Particlars may ho had at Garraay's, and of toe auofthtveer. 209, pIcaily Si j ohns-"wood.-Rloot EHoue. 43, Blelroad,-Detached longLeaw hold Besidenoe. l SS]RS. BROOKS aud BEAL Wi SELL i]A UCTION, at Qarraway's en Trqesday, ITovemberf4, at 1,th LEASE, for about E8 years', of the above elegantVILLA, in the a- mirable sh uaIlon near vTermtock-hill, at a grouud reut ot only £12 per annuni Thle feontage Is 116 feet, depth 70 feet, walled in, with well laid o0t gruden. The house hlas dining ad drawing room. veven bedC vWn. an-ed ofiUces. The whole Ins~'rgble order, lighte with gas, and jI' for immediate occupatlin, MWay be viewed by caeds, and part iard smad of the aUetioreers, 202, P8bcaiCe, W. aonthly Sale of I, CTuIeuaf rw rilwgahb xaod~ej artist, the origi- d oilily &, which :ngujrn,Z r the 'chamer ivR. GEO. 11( IN O ' 'next SALE will tako M Pinces at bin lOou ma, 21, -Old Bend-street, To-morrow and Friday. Nov. S and 6. all1 P0 9Wisly each day, and wil in,clude specimens by the undermeutlonasd as" :_ Armfield EL Cooper, YAHlollns,A.RA. Shalders Atkilnson Cowls norlor - Tiravers Bates De Ftero -jayne Van Ho,ven Beuvia Dell -r Jones P.A. Vernet Bdigton Fox Lo,ella Vickers - Bromley. Gosling Monl,'gne Weir oo as Mor WIlliams Cly Ha8a IAv oNe J- Wilson Jon, Coe Heasi Rouser 'Williasoar, MadelelHous, Kersn O.-Freebol& 'Frmlivlyesllence. opposits thFPaace-g"Arc,4 with extensive GroundL. 1WSSRS.FOSTEP.bh to inform the ubli; the abovlfR111EOLILM ENC wsasNOT SO at the ilae auction, and ann naow bn treated forb PriTate Oontract.-5l,Pa.nall-m. Wlndeamere-Thse St. Catherines EMtUt-a Freebold Property wlth Coteg (0 man about 110 Acme of beautifully timbered k.and plaetor isn ground from which are to be seen the glorious beatiesofWinermere and the grand mountainous sonery MeONd, preaentin charrnln c ittes for the erection Of villa meidences, MjESSM. FOSTER beg to inform the public this rROPERTVbZeASegSOIOLDE ar the late Auction, and oan now he Treated For tgthe or seDaately--8I. Pall-malt Stafr,ESSX.-Two suceirlor semi-detached Residences; also a =easeold Plroperty of Houseis andI Groud rents, Buxton-place Lambeth. ivESSRS. FOSTER are directed by the executors iv.of the latea Robert HaBluck, REq., to SELE, oy A.UCTION at the Mart, On TueWsdY, Novemaber 10, at 12, irt three Lots, TWO caprtai VA MTLY HOUSES. wtth ccach-hotmes and stables, No. 2and 3, the Elms, Stratford, Essex. let to meet respectable tenants at £70 each, and held for76 yonrs, a' 24 pround rouz for the two. Also a Lea&-o hold Estate of Houses and ground rents amounting to £71 Se, per annum, and held for 17 ream at a PePPercuen rent amply secured on property in Buxton-place, China-walk, Lambeth, of the annual value of £110u. Plarticulars may be0 had 2t uays before the sale at the Mlart ; at the Swai. at Stratford; ot John Leltts Bet., sollettor, 8, Btartett'sbuIldings, Holborn ; and of Mlesur. Foster. "t Pall-mall. Importation ot Old Chn c iIYSR.FOSTER. wBI SELl)7ACII,a 11.the Galle111ry, 54, Pall-mall, To-morrw o.8 t1peIey COLLECTION of ODDEDN eln lu~ n te CELIN, consisting -fgot,fgrs ae,cbrt,dse,pae compotiers, waUllghls, IiLeu,d. e seieso aed Monul, Llmoges, iolc,c, anasmearticle fodmaqsel furniture. Oin view todspietohesale. Miscellaneous Property and Wokofrt ~JESSRS. FOriTER wiUlSELL bAtICTION, atthe MLLGallery7,KPall-mal,on Friday, Nov. 0 at 12.a COLLZCTlON of ARTISTII FRENCH BRONZES, andBrne 'rfthmpo Period, a pair oft -lueelo tripod lamps 8 feet highaCotrcok,n old Derby table eervice, a fiue selmner garderb,lreloiggas seigt o avdon- k,earantd,fuglachneisfoga,renl MtefEcS,Rby dietOn ofR the deirectatved tof aEL gebemn deCcesdTIOewi, ontth assortmentor0thrIce Bma, Rove, rigdo,Japou aondayChIee goodser, recentlywmotd fo on vlwg daysa preiorly tol the tbrlehtof-sumgan Furenitaautre,abeauifu objpetsa ofdecra bntiv int PFltrent,n rinats, Lbarye 07e callustraitedan othrer lqAa Books, TravaI brluek and svarIaus Effecs, theis propertsy ondfCouoeulBacon, mQuittn athie Greienat xBrigtion.I )anacetcbntnderor fth tr o lESSe. red Stabl ar diecte t SELLaby AUlefomW -t 4gb.taO, on thlabe Preguises, Vatrla-tFerraoh Hlove,t Brecghtonto fionday, ano vembter9,oad tw brollwnge days, anlut I pDrcesdel,allth twoablnodup ornaental ou alabrastr, bkapairno ltrabdlra cabinets Inr cFloFlretie mtsis,earoels,naber baaehw cabinet wt dspaus pinobl olase, bluean slvefrnsilkturtafo insMhis couchesr , and faueudl cfurmage i Scents,b equlsertan wandterwoourdea dgreswIng bronz Dtdores Opurhase Knightsr, parvaluableyeultr a grn renyh byr,t rcumbdentere jar an oramets,for lhray bokcsesan stabledarpetoos, very a vilin by8iaies~a vry prfet wrdrBe QeeldellaSaidpe' re,an MrinS,SyWRSet. wtrcordrwns som AUrTursof much Detheo adonis, byCroal, theeu wry s byv Berat oI promiely an f5ew Dtch lndsae,d. eeatir of pane L RstaDWard bos andIE OIstat ok, including Mackzen il mmn'EthIc Yaws ad' othapearpeoe o. impraynbe viewed Fian ad SAretourdypro, a cabet alogthes wbadon thbeL prems; wofe remaoved romKng's-reoad, Bwiheeton;anyo haessrsn vyiew enr thmeThursda previOusly.pewtwo fyrorwr cards for private Vandbl Tabhle,ad Potherty Nbeet oAt M P. W.SRS. FOASTER will SLL bynAU tIO , ton A theNasG ery,84waIl-all on Frisday. Nov.10, at 12por4inh anelf asortmnt ofUSS weathiuoor padintegL DREliibysDtE a and beVd CHNAL42, inluin some sple ndid6 or1naer tal vaes u andbOther pece oftermport1mcer also an od wAvgeut bulett cabin letndthrewriting taleos, antherwiose agreoued from theprenies where thy havefo thee Valuabl Leasehldd roery,eeho,ldaPnoerty. GLiASIERI iaosedwiinstructdboneExc. torutos of the late George Porter, Req., to SELL by AOIN aCtIO araay'sGarwy on Tuesday ,Nombe .10. at 12 for 1 , LInx n lot,,tefl SowVN valUaSeS wIthAcomLadin shopsT,elgilysi-tuate candbingl extesiea wthre yard Ns.15 and w5eeGksgh,osd let onrsecal tenants zen leansbesn Otherwitse at groun anz te ents , a n HoueldNo byleases orth nTh. Paaygboviwe btyperm.h esign patclasnw a fMsars AlfredPorterand Mrkham, arcitets W o-laeI rode n W. eniptnRowL, I K inn .srk;vourIesrwitho indstrutobns f4.treof theEeuoao he late Geo rge Porter, e. oSL bq AUtION,Lb AUTIOarraat' o GaesdayI Noae 10ua ovr~ at 12fo ,Iltsth forlI o'lockingh vaearyle LEASE etchdOL ROftY viz.E of-twe captal Houses, waithuSop,tes 188 and 1t9, Parange~on d lteathauonles whireseeponsibedtnat, onyat low enin; andonea House,aNo. sum WwIcm terracbe, fiow-walk, ertton,seud producing arental ofng £1awing, annu rm, hl ftor longtrs tlw ground rents.MMaybe viewed bycadonywhh wa erostaoned the thents aucinderpartIzculars now had of Mese.Alfre olrdPorteanad akam,kharchatotects,Fort-place, Bormundrey. and1, ILKennington-row, Kennligton-park; of Mdesss.Drammnonds, Rtobin. son, andTill, olrltors, roydun: MofMssms Bche and G loTer, soli-dr cItrs 33 Od Jewzy; at Garrway's; and of the 9actloneer, 41,haig-w Vhe luaago, ltealaonTh daehlightfu Residnce f he laeGog MUR .W. R.GLA5IE± Is favoured. with instrucin _ intoSLbyAUCTION, at Garraway's , on Tuesday, Nov.r6r1' t1 u 'cock athe2 very1I dlig htfu detuached LE EEL ofte latENO. Porter Elsq. , 2.antuat H{o. Vd. therPragon, Nstreathandi, upontwich he expquene, only atfew 61earsl Otago, aesdeconsIderabl asu ine I blchambers Notive s teondary dIt to, andtdressiongroom,tdinnga, dawing, dentwel smutocke wit chiefrui trees, a~ndfulldbearing, teld"oatelom of3 em talwground rent.sMay be viewed by cabno h eards. only whrich sunland TiOwnT.Ale, Es. olicitors,r3n7o esr. Bedorhad-rove, soth ltorsn, 11,ttId Jewry ; at Carrway's; and of the auctoneer, 41, Chering-crose, Valeb-T unabl long Leseholdt Prperty Inovtteng-hI. per My. iR, tOUSL.yNUD O, tGrrwys 00 T Tesday, Nov. 10.aty12 forIn lTus, thevalabl L tAheOLDREprIDenCaies, siuteigoe an2. bendg oio-agtrae o.Sad5,Nti "il-qur, Tandethe eliil otg eiec,kona h we Cotatagee,kRly rng-I, ah hl et etrspnil eat,a o ceints,uamountng wo£1i e nu,adhldfrln em,a o gonret.May be v ieedb prisin fth tnnt,anaari Rottihnger-hoi tGraa';an ft eacIner.1 hra-rs LThne Tw,To salCplndt.-esh Investmyf ent,d1 per8 MIRB. LOUND hailel SELL byAUTO ,aGeriY wy', nTuesday, Nor.w 10. by directio.N of the versnaluabes LAMr. ithohnsHiggions,odeceasedSE N bitric-bil RESIDNC1S stuateord sdbeingrNon.. 1eto?Icusv) a aasaaret rics stret, plamentyo eahe or untanigsou rom,wh hhusad`ad obeletatveekl rheconts,,amountingted£9 per annum,al teapoun reta n taxes mabut £20 enthisnrpet is Inouanl excellentoiti onr o etig beningsrrondmaed wihbausainess an Oogther iht larg evablishments cofral o yrdec.May be vierwed, and partiulrhaofMsr.trtnadPoutan b1,d oth-eqate,Gra's-nn atGrrwy'ad of the auctioneer,'o laoeylrs Thetachoed Vla frms,uato Tfor-inrestm sent,onulonokingheld for 84 aooeRLobeuNDf ylears,ragrouns rDent, M R. SWAINa recive inLLbtrUCTio IONSEL byth MLaUConThO, t Gsawy o usday. Noveme t1 o 10 thea prvaluable LEspaSe,withy priaeeson ofuthosej lit-rate LEREEOLD3kow VLAs thea sTwyfandAms eombnndnly sitat,1miuate,' and f rorminh conro gwafrdeand: h eldfrtan-unxtredaterma ofuou ande aopetaeditc wonithplnty of scope. a for businpemses. ;eun r 0prmnh chilef yovr, 23e coner, ondzuted WIna partiual t eayndiepgenioneer.an 1dinrasin busiess toete with the avnaeo comfortabl vlatind,healthyesdne MayL bevewdAndpriclr had at garrawayS; ptnd ofsthe aucineer 60,haery-lDane.O V) o deuptachdV.l for occupationt orvinveatPaintinoverookin and hugavin TM& B.SWAIN wislustrceLd by SELLON bt AUTheN at th Mart, on Thurda.Novemberov 12, at 1 o 1 h o aund,sepviubsly REIDENCuit E,1DIn tisralbNous1 and muchi'-esteme lcoctality, most gardens:o thel o upran funexpiedterm3 ofn8 yhear,a ground for ent,ao lbandofth annuahelargeandloft£88 Maylpbes viwe, havnd particularsan condtios OPDD ofsale,sha fonthe premdisesho aMensa thdes andL Seon,l solicinthoough1,deoorLionequre.pair ,; stateI nitheMart;Pica andofteac Ct ution.e, he Ldge Sottin bill a W1. N.e.a Thee Furnitutremaynb M R. JORSWAINisisrce twil SELL by AUCTION, ah Otyth MArct,ton Thomsda, Nov 1n23, at 1,urhBteti the weladlusan-e tainin on the upper floor) four beMdr ooemb,on the2 groutndefoorecntrnc halInd theUcNITURe01 tworecepiong Arooms.artit' paintingt roosteor librry hand thelarg andlotaissculptgor'smtudo,gavng wapatsofe ohigh gauresopening otov accesfriomrh Froaith,On garen thihewhol remened puyi thorouen ugh deolatie repar; sitr t 1*on milbnte fomloc edwyeand, goonsfotoesmeo the roanestdprollrty,Thepd areheld foren manernand partIclarsse and cnditions o sarle and ornmn the prfemtesa h MES JOHS.ONEWil SEL by AUCION at AUTheN a7Cty Ath tier Rooms, 35 n 9 Oxfracehushtieet,nrte an theolarge dinner waggons, mah0zany dining rom and library chai~r,, &an coeubes, and esay chairs covering In morocco, bookcases, do. The domaestic requisites, and numerous usefu and ornamunta efforts. Star be viewed on Thursisy and morniusc of sale, and catalogues bad. Superior Stock of Carpets~Damszak;, Chiattz, -Table C~overs, ParisIan oaeragings, do. 11!ESSRS. OXENHAMI Will SIILL b AUCTION, at terRooms, 353, Oxford-sket, ea the Petec0Tesday, November 18, at 12, about 4,000 yad of Biruseels tapestry end velvet-pile earpeta of the beet quality and most elegant designs, suitable for the drawing room, boudoir, dining room end librsry, hearth rugs, splendid Aubassn and Axrnlneter carpets, brilliant in colours, F!rench moqiiettes for covering furniture, about 1.000 yards of sBlk and wool dameaks, and brocatellee, Venetiaa tapestries, table coyers, ehintrer, 600 piece of beautiful Parisian paperbangings, do. May berviewed on the Msobday antecedent end morning of sale, andfaloeshd 680 framed and glared Prints 3 000 loose ditto in sbeets, Boots, Pic- tures Old China, 120 palms of Zadiesl Shoes, and 110 lots of Homseheld Fturnltiire. remnoved from Ermmton. lIIESSRS. JONES and BOXHAM WiM SELL, in, -iL their large Auntlon Booms, in Prince"-treet; anod Lelcwesisstreet, TfilS EVEZNIG (Wednesday), at 6 preoel-ely. a vast quantity ci PROPERTY, of the descrIption aboive named, Well worth the attenltlo.oith pulican th trdegeoraly.I'h framed prints, after -Ih fist ainersof he ay re iretedtobe sold without any reservtio whaeve, an li~5 nt pobabe asimilar lot will b e agan r'i'Om )3eOmpton for absolute sale as.'i.itr,roms a a~se, -O n vew,andealgulsr at the -lL~I~E. JNESand BONHAM beg to call jmojtt-etloto their old.eatabliaMedand cDaosous AUOTO KSas being best asapted for the dispsa of easer clasm of I t o Lu(6, d for rale, These rooms, founded In ibe year 179, E=tj,on ActerinIseion beeni the channel fer the sae of all kinds of ma,ketabi0 eroertrl &bommersin Ounmctua at 6 do'lcek, three evnsspr,'OEki yiz., oni Wednesdays, f = mlsclwueona o of ~ays~uL'mc4arn painbinls pictuefams,adwkaoar Claremont VIlla, WImabledon e.rk.-A detached ZFrehold Rsdftenr, In the-h cottage style sistuate tz th iner Eack-rod, witn fflMOSRI. RUSHWORTH a*id JARBVIS wil SELb UCTION, at the Mart, To-mnorrow, Noy. 5, at 12, LAR~MDHT VILA, a mnbstantial freeboid family resideces, coutaiin It bed, ana dreemig rooom, drawig dining, and breckfast rooms, good domestio offices, well supllied with bard and auf water. Thelhonwse s andsomely decorated an ready for occupation- It hus POttlo entrance, carlage drive in ,san alawn and klio"e gar-df inthenu,abuttingX on mb cm-parVhk. To be Tie*ed Wit sass.whch wth.~tcuas, aybe had of er, Xushworth and Jaiva,Sall-ro, et-re, ad 19, Change-alley, (wWnhm Wibldon, neatrthke Chwch,L-Ralmorg lodge, a- cpital Freholdt Family Residenice, vith Stabling and a large Gardenc, delightfully, situate on the Margin of Wlmbledon.park. wiith pousessilon M ESSRS. 1tusHwonyHarn JAJRVISwillSELL by AUG tI0N at theb Mazt, To-mocrow, Nov 5 at 12 B&L. 6R_Al, LODGYE,a very comwmodious Freehold detAche Rssdence manted on an emineucco.ommanding uninterrupted and extensive view's over the beautifully undulated and riobly timbered park, the pleasuregrounds of Hie Grame the Duke of Somerset are opposite the residence, the views In which direction embrace the picturesiue spir of WimUie. don Church. The residence Isaa handsome atructure ot bold elevation, with a highly enricebd stuccoed front; the Interior is Planned for a large farnly. having: 12 bed and dressing rooms, elegant lofty reoeption rooms, two staircass, and ample dlomestic otfices; well supplied w'ith hard and soft water ; atable, coach-house, barnes room, and outofraoes. The approah So the bouse from the road linby a carriage swesp,the Pleasure-gpounds are embellished with shruls and evergreen,, and ornamented by stately forest trees; the whole clandlug In about an acr and a quarter. The Wimbledon Railway Station Is within tO minues'wal oftheresieno,whch n I pefect repair, and fitfor the reepio ofAUfamIly, of the highestTespectaboityo Tober viewed by cad ODwic,Git pancacitafre, a ehald ofaml Miessrs. mhonetdeihtan Ony Situbteon-Wombleon-oomise elegant and fpacom treehold wFamosi azdndgOto Ofichm,ond aboutan threearso pleasure groundls, witheer poft mAUCTo,eIOn, atoWth bedMrton-morkroad Theovem er abeat 1 recently erete in the Italian style o: architecture, aLnd presents a chasteelevatien, stuooxoed inmittlon of stone. It I approached from the oommon by acarriagedrive, through aspacious lawn. Tuiereception rooms are decorate-d inacosetly but unoeteutatlous manner-.the sleeping apartmenta and domestic offices are In quantity and. character, commensurte with the requirements of a large famtily; there are principal and secondary atalrcasee an abundant supply of hard and soft water and the wxhole premises are in perfect Order for immediateo oc. nuaon. There is a beautiful laws, withL flower garden, approecbed fro the rear of the residence by a terrAce, with double Ll'ght of stone steps and a productive kitchen garden beyond. The fivetstall stable and double coach-house, meiie rooms, aro, stand in a large carriageyard, with sates openingto theocommon. Ebobeviewedhycardis, which with paticulari MAY be had of Messrs Ruahworth and Jrvis, Savile-rew, Rezgent-street, and 19, Change-alley, Gambhill. Ab9uts 76 dozen of superior old Port Wine, by order of the Execu~tes- of the late James Coiste, Esq. 11ESSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS will SELL by AUCTION, at their great Room, Savile-row, on Taceday Ntovember 10 about 76 dozen of very superior and choice old PORII WHiR, now lying in the cellars at Hill-house, Streatham, from whencoe It wil Ibe deliveced to the purcasers ; also 15 dozen of rare old Bast India Madeira and six deozen of Champagne,te property of a senile. imam, may be tcstsd at time of sa ad es auefs had at the offices .of Mlesrs Rushworth and Jarvis, avillerow, ltegenVt-etcet, and 19, Change-aley, Cos-uhil flavfle-row.-Exoelienz Modern Furniture, Ohlnc-lces eas Semi-grand. andA Cabinet Pianofortes, Framed Prints, Ornamentsa Objects, a few lute of original Wedgwood, TAbis Chin and Glass, a few Books, and m lccelinneous Effects, removed from Mount-treet, Grosvenior-square, the property of an officer, also froma a mansion at Sireathamn. 1,ESSRS. RUSHWORTHand JARVISwMnSELL MVby AUCrION, St their Great Room, on Tuesday, Nov. 10, excellent aSODERN FLUENITURE, a large Doctlon of which Is of superior mnufacture, and comprising the appendages to tbo drawing and dining mooms, library, and hall, rblmney.glamese tIn gilt frames,. Turkey, BruNdes, and other carpets end rugs, a6t-ootave grand pianoforte, by Broadwood and Sour, in a mahogany case, a court-grand ditto, by .AM. son and Alllon, in a handsome walnut-treoemer. a caibinet pianoforte, fromed prints, ornamoental items, table China and Alass, the castomnary requisites to the aleeptDg artents and domestic offices, and other effects. To be viejwed the=dypreceding, and catalogues had at thu) offices of Messrs. Ruahworlth and Jarvi, Settle-cow, Regeat-Wteek, aui,Cange-alley, Corbhil., O dnrosal, Holloway.-The elegant moenApitnsOfaln tleman's Residence 1U. . FURBBER will SELL bY AUCTION, on LV.tih e Premilses, Ne. 17, Hilt artin Villas sear the Breknock, TEam DA.Y. November 4, at U fot 12, fashionable modern HOUSE HLOLD FIIRNITUiUO rosewood drawing reoom suite In Uercbt Telvet, new Brassels capts, floe plate chilmney-glass6s, two sets of txteudi,g dinig tables, pedetal aideaboard, set of 12 rhalrs inamoroooo, two gothic boocoss. O ole ofboos,valabl profengravings. ornamental ding,pedetal wrdroes, wrhmtnd,wthsmabl topsliedressintables. CjR . FURIE wl SELL by AUCTION, on ..1the Premiss 01,Clverton-street, Bei1grave-road, Pimlcoo, on Tueaday, Nov. 10, at 12fo 1, the above : among which may be mentioned, a rosewool drAwn room suite icicrimsen raLtln, rosiwood chef. fouler, dining room ftlg,sinygass and new Bronesl carpets; chamber appointments Arabian and French bedsteAds, a lads's semi-wioged wards-one, and the culisary utensil. May be viewed the daY prior to and morning of tale. Catalogues on the premises, and at the auction offices, Warwlck-eour,t, Grayta-lon, W.C. The beuiu n aub tc nTaeof Air, C. Slcken i o roquence of the etnieatrtosI progres, andt cear the ormises for an entieynwsok MR~I . C. F URB wl submit to AUCTION, on LJthe PremIses 6, Regent's-quadrant, on WednesdaLy, Nov. 11, and following dais9, at 11 for 12 each day, the valeable sITtICIC of a DRFSING CA4E MAKER and FANsIY WARPtHOUSESA.AN; comnpisnga varied assortment of costly dressing-cases fitted with hi ghl chased silver fittingaa pair of magnlrlent dressing-oasesa made for the Cresit Exhibition of lS1- with silver-gilt fittings, an exquisite writing desk. dres.-ing cans and envelope case, with scauiard gold littings, ladies' and gentlemen's travellig begs utted in sliver, besides a selection of dressidng cases of a less expensive descrption), writing desk,, envelope oases, morsooo despatch boxes, travelling eace and bags blotting cases, portfolios, bhul and ebony inkalads, best gilt :an French library ornaments in fancy inkstands, paper weights, light baxes, valuable Dresden china, baskets and figures large assorment of prayers bibles and church services in expensive bindings, mansftictured expressly for presents, card eases, papetrles. and an eudless variety of fanny stock, May be viewedt the daY prior to the sse, and cataloguer had on. the premises; and at the auction. offices in War'wlck. court, Gray's-Inn, T~Gentlemeo-Hotlketeprer, Wins Mfereharanns&d 'othens.-Gen,sIns Stocko01ForeIgn Wines. Absolutoe Sle MhfESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUC- itTION, at Gairawey's, THIS DAY, November 4. ars 12 for 1, without reserve, 35 bins of first-cas FOREIGN WINES. hang a very beautiful selecton of 316 dozen sf choice t'Ortt 1812, ii years, 12 years, 10 years, and?7 years inbottle, 68 dozen fine Sherry, 38 cases GuhamDsgne, and 27 cases of pale brandy, lyinkg in vaults in the otty and in the Absolute possession of the auctioneers, Oreen and Son particularly call the attention of gentlemen and connoIsseurs to thin sale, as a esleetion of remarkably fine wines, such an are rarely offered by public suotion. Sample bottles may be ha by payment, Catalogues at Gasca vway'; and at the auetioueere' Offioeas,tt Michael's-honse,St, Mfichel'salley, Oornhisl. and 18, Eatton-garden. Cnn_mercis.l,ilse uoorns,-44 Farcingdoa-street, on-e dor frarn -Holor.~ kI5 owi. fine Raw Sugar. Grocey,12iODrIed xTongsses, 701Bordered Mate, beet quality P erfumery, 410 yards superfine Cloths, twro Iron S.fes, Wfarehouse Fixtures, Furniture, Ray Mare, Dun Gob, o,-- Absolute lSale. M~1ESSRS. GREEN and SON will SEL [A by AU))- AUCTTION N attherRos asabove, Thno-morr ow(ursday), onovia. 5 at 12furl gnine GROCERY,a 66 incldin 66 w, fitn-teerw ugr, Keteas, townee, hoAntdey, teacle, 9 pikessaurs, 120m Driedox tongue, ails, ro-n letouf,wht ledo. 70 bordere mats, 5ad6 best rualty toc ofg prfumery ablo45 yeards supierfieacloeths, wearing 0 arel num,sueware house. 'dangs, oilewgsed.t Ilrtoul ndsafes, uoncf macean donb a cob,On variewtCtaloguesa the rooms, andret at thewaysuctanders' thie, 1u8,o 26, t Upgarer -. -tet Ren'-ak NPIXBTHORP has receiveintutosoSELb LVJAUTION, at Garraway's, Cangealy on'l nTedy thae1t dayov ofveNovemb'er seindtwolt,FU rc-itEgtlEoCE wi ing Nrto,o f enta,n66, aond6a,srt-see ens toown, brelaundrlesform 83yeabdrsfoouDcme,157 tagon renth oft and echl house, (fitte 5 ando fi,aeltt ihyrset 14.abeteat at grond an rentaof ls,aver age£0 ranmacisne Mabvewe b. cartiuas. andticu djn rai bhdf Ras-Niti, Ee, 24, Qaingkall-ereet*7a Carapway' Ho-n;a oances 2at Uth e Albatt nez ofM26Upr uy-street,Bgn'-a a da Etheaugio Fo ', uMernntgTeAboluteniRegerin t's-park. 2 M'A T ORXO ha receo ived nstiucethont oheSELLEb teaove ti VES averydirb e-etised VoLLA.,vof hand sPOme elev troN,Dwithlporticoenotrace- cont.aitinng nole dininfags-od drwie room ks, r .t~ room fivenbedy roovms,eresIn bydretonom,bth enptortd with thot band old wthe (fittdals Ars Tavshower bealthy, andth usualini onfices.oIuIshed.o lesmehodfor 86 years(lesthree days)tfromuLdy-day,. 12rt3.uat atgroun mret,of£10 prs.annum. Esiaed Mrtenta sl£150opea obrgtaiedofH.E Quick, Rapeq., a7, Ely-pace, 5oLbonwl.at Ganmwa5s and at the auctioneer's,ffce, B6, MUp opeAlbanyW-str-eet,Re entspak NottUgR, -ousNe wit Stob gi In otwe tat th SAL rOBD tll urter otouse.-3, St.o~artrln',- oe,sTrafo gr-qdr iIerRMOXON wHi SELL b AUrCTION, at the LTLMart, on wednesday. November18 by direction of the Mdortgages,Ns.1an the HOUA NoLL TEorR surCe, Cihoamden Bew-and Pa Frticuarna thegars , of Mert ssr ty. Irnk sdDgerionudbxs , silcitos Plt,nteooss anld Shopbs. Prinels-rood,Jwey ESSR. RO will SELL by AUCTION, at; h Wensfa Nvebr ydretioynexite Motmb. Freeholds, Westmingter.-Well..seoured inoomo of .93 'er annum arising from two shops let on lease at that amount. ,if[ESSRS. BELTON are Instructed to SELL by .ut& AUCTION,a Graa- . T-orrow, Nov-. 8 at 12, two substantial gltRrOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, with Shops, situate and being Noe. 11 and I2, Broadway, Westminster, In the ocoupation of good tenants; the twolet on lease to Mr. Western, a highly respnsible lessee, at a rental of £80 Der annum (clear ot any dedusoton, withhtheexceptionof propertyatk), anm considerably benetat heir value. Teroomprisetver extensiv premi, and being in a goou bold situation give fair prombse of a largely increased reversienacs renta at the expiration of the preset tr,MaY heviewed. and patclr mayCbeOha at Garraway's; atmrrw Nolvr' St Co 1e-oe fo2 ot.a of EAtmirte-brd el;TofTF, Dituamean bein o. soiIo, 3, , SIze-lane, ~ BGcklerstury;, and ofeP. andgelhent autieers to oaotto- Cambridoeheatih and lac70 ey.-Long Leasehold Profperye at lo d rount-ronse, producing a rental of £163 per annum. 1IJESSRS. BELTON are Instructed to SELL by LEASbEHLD]ie 9 ETA situate, a3nd be Ging Nor.3,beO,dh ttusOcan andbeig N.. 0, 0,1, 3, 3, ad , G rin-street, Hackney, let to ood weekly tenants at rents amounting to £93 per annum, and held foF storm of 65 yesns at a evonnud.ront of £tl 16 per annum. Ma way'; a th Salon nd all,Belnalgren:oMen Budson~ndFracis soiciors 10 Toonhuseyad,cty; and of P. and Xentlsh,towni. 1Rii. ALFRED DAY beg to announce that he wi)l Ba . SELL by AUCTION, on the Peomiss No. £5, Wiulis real north, dontire-town, opu exce' Nov. 10 at 12, without reserv -genune and modera FURNITTJE comprisig dinin and bre3kfast room cosrsibed, lounging aMnd Other charU to, extending, Pembroke dining tab(se. cheffunlers, noble chimney-glasses, damask curtaIns, 63 octave pienoe,2nte In reswood case pedetal sideboard, Brwoees ear- Items. My be viewed on Monday and morniogof ssle. Oaaigns had On tbe1yetlees p4 ~ lcaot ;hoe, Vlty-y t eet X ag R. ROBERT REID WilSELL, at G.wirvay"'Ns on Thuriday, December 3, at 12 for1, THEEM PRXVA.TE WELLINGS0, being Nog. 2, 3. and 4, Go6eIIellWe%s Goswewll.road, let iNo. 2 it a gOud rent) to respectable tenants, at rentsa umotlue to £61 6s. per annum, and held for 56 year suexDr d at grou= sent of £18 12.. per annum. May be viewed by rrmss-mi.o of ths tenantsg. Psrticlarssaybe badat Garraway's;andof Mr Robert Reid, 48, Great Marlborough.atreet. Ainwell-treet, Mlddleton.squams- Leshi7d dueisrgz £66LEs pe annum.IfY5t1tt r 1R. ROBERT REID will SELL, at Garraway'g, ,LJ on Thursday, Des. 3, at 12 for I. a commanding SHOP andi excelient PRIVATE RESIDENCE, with istabling, being No. B4, Ans- vell-stkeet, at the oDrnier of River-street, let to Messs. Jacobeon at £.73 IOL. per annum, and held for 55 Yewrs unexplrod,.at a ground rent 51 £6 UKs per annum. Ms, be viewed by permIssIon of the tenants. Partculars may be bad at Garrways ; and of Mr. Robert ReId, 4s, Great Marlborough.etraet. Daston -A CopyhLold eryReogngt hms. ~Tomlinso`, I. ROBER Oeed SA by order ofth Mortgagee on Tisurada,Dcme3at1 for I, a COPYHOLD HOUSE aLnd. osOP, No. 2.DaeopleDle ton-roal, near Kingsland-gate, let to Mi. G. I ie,o nare ment, at £35 per annum, and held of the manor o ake.M,b vieed y prnAion of kit tenant. Particlar abehdol. 8a. oictr 6, Welbeck-street, Caeds-snr;a Garraway'o ; and of Mr. Robert Reid, 48, Great Mrhrul-tet ai-rkenwefl.greeM_A well secured profit rentalof£7Ospranu for Slysars MR. RBERTREID willi SELL atGarw oil Tusa.Decemaber 3. at 12 for 3, a LEASEROLY PRO-..G Frivate welling being No. 10 Clarkenwell-green, let on an agreement oera eame to as-oet responsible tenant, at £57 1.Per annum, saud held for 32 yearsaunexspisedl,at a soundrent of £e0Oper annum. May be viewed by permirelon of the tenant. Particulars may be ha at Gramway's, aad of Mdr. Robert Red, 4A Great Marlborotugh-street. Mleet street.-A well reme renta of £118 per annum,4 the property of Mdra. Sabina Shorts. lsR. ROBERT REIED will SELL, at Garraway's, MJ. by, order of the Tmusteea, on Thursday, December 2, at 121cor 1, a LEASBEHOLD HISTATE, comprising the valuable and extensive Salsbry-out, let-sret,underleQEedto Messrs. at cea reta o £50 erannum, and held from Mertn Cllee, xfod, fr a unxpied ermof 30 )ears, at a gronad Gray's- n-ae-nIvemFnt equal to Freehold,eig ~held for 1,809 years ueprd at a peppercorn, the property, ox Mr. BarLard Healey,deee. I R. ROB R REID wil SELL, at Gulrawity's, L.by order of tte Trostees of the Will. on P!hurzday, December 3, at 12 for 1, TWO SHOPS and DWELLINGS, 1405. 38 and 39, Laystall-street, at the corner of TotidUsiltreet. Gras'eM-in*luo, let, at roots amounting to £(50 per annum, and held for 1 889 years unexpired at a peppercorm May be viewed by permissIon ofthe tenants. P'articulars vasy be had of E. G. Randall. Faq., solicitor. 56, Welbeck-ktreet, Cavendlelo-square; at Garrway's; and of Mtr. Robert Held, 48, Great 1tarlborough-street. EInsankmtoy.-Re Edward alw -To rehd.ongRouts of £4=and Li 2s. repcIey nMdlsxandury a P'olicy of Assurnre, and aRvrinr Life Itrs,edasst Roveralone to Money i h ud IJIR. ROB RT EI will SELL, at Gwxrway's, .4J.by osder of h sine,O Thursday, December 3, at 12 for 1, In ELve lote, a FREtL PROL'EHTs, oomprlslng No. 206, High-street, poplar, Inte county of Middlseex, and a house and garden, No. 14, ilaneed etges, .In the Perish of Bansten_, ia the county Of Surrey let onle"e Fot und renta of £4 and £2 2a. respectively. A p'i&cy of assurance or£7800, effeoted In 1843, with the Victoria Life Assurance and Lon Company, on the~ life of a gentleman now iss hisi 82d Year. The reversionary life interest of the bankrupt, aged - Years, on the deseske ot his wife, aged - years, in the sum of Z - ;and the absolute reversion to one-seventh of 12.9M 3 3aAd, Cosl,and £1,783 gs. 6d. New Three Per Cent. Iank, Annuities recevbeOn thed~eceamo f alady aged yea?s,and alsoDtoone-seventh of £96 Is lOd. Console, and e66O New Three pe Cent. Bank Annuities, on the deceame of a getleman aged -years. Fartlrular may be had of Messrs HBker, Bowker. ans Peake, solicitors, 1, Gray's-inusquare ; also of Patrick Johnson, Req., official asslignee. 20), as-Inghall-street; at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Robert ReId, 49, Great Marlboroughi-Btreet. On the MeroeErA' tate.-A bix-roomedDeln-oewtOre for Occupatin R.MOORE wfi SELL byAUTO,ath H.R.Bans MOREq.s lctor, byer'-al hApOTIdN, G. at the LJ.Mart, on Thursdayr, Nov. 12, at 12, THR-EE DWELLING-. HOUSES, in Feat-place, Chapel-street, Stockwell; let at £393 term 43 years; grund rent £1l. Two Las.ohol Hiouses and Shops En HOrn. esyroa, Hlloay-oad le at£53 tem 3 years; ground rent £6A A shrt eashol Dwllin-hoe, 9, rosect-place Back-rees. Kinalad; et t £5; roud rnt 2 ls.Descriptive partculars of . Kmpeer,Req, LwerReeingon-ane S; Mesrs. EUlls, Phiihy. nd annstr, olcitrs,12 Olmen'elan, O.; 0. fimale, Req, slicto, 2, Iwrecolan, EG. a th Mat;and at the auc- Nea Stepuey Ra&iWay Statiou.-12 L-esseholds, prod~ucing £245, ts trelotis, for lnvyeetsent.-By order of the Executor of Mdr. John or.deceased. B,MOORE wMl SELL by AUCTION, at the iLMart, or Thursdayr November 12, NIL'?E HOIUSES Ithrae are shops, and one let on leasel, Nos. 1t to 2, 'Jamts-street, Balsnon's-lano, lot at £161, termi 27 years, ground rent, £e25; a Dwelling-house. With largeigairden, 23 James-asteet. let at £1i10. terM 27 Years PGDupecern renit; and ilwo aix-roomed Houses, 3 anoda`. Raliway-place, Yorkroad, let atf£4 4 t, term 94 years, ground rent £8. Desciptive prl ouslars of T. W. Itateliffe, Eqq., solicitor, Deant Coled Homse, Wite'a Horse-sitreet, Stepnsey, B. M geras. Pbhllpot and Greesthill, solictors 49, Graoechaurcb-street, RO.; at the, Mart ; and at the auctioneers ojnLee, MOUe-end-road, E. Last end of London-. mube rehld Cpholdb n eseef Property, producing ntewards of £680 per anu tring votes for Middlesex and Es ax. In lets for 1nveetment,y rd%er of the Admilnis trators of Mdr. Thee. Eatelff deoeased. MOORE10it will SEljL b~AUOTION a h lfr,on Thursday. Nov. 12, atl 13 EBEER FREE OLDs in aeath-street, let at £658; nine Leasehold, Church-road and Churchpsath, let at £141; seven Leaseholds, Old-road, lot at £116; tree CopyhOids, Selepucy-causewaY, lot at 454; 1i CoPyholds, Brookstret, let at £163; a Freehiold, 116, Brook-street, let at £18 - a Leasehold, 6. Johnt-street, let for whole term, at E3 three leaseholds, Herestireet, let on lease for whole term, at £82 l'2s.; a Leasehold. school House-lane, let at £18; and a Freettold atBarkLusg, Irae," lt at £10. Deecrlpilve culare of Thou W. Hatch! solicitor, DenColet House, Whto Horse-street. Stepney, Z.,; at the Hart; and at the auctionaeer's offlces, ,ille-end-roao, E R-taliff GmsSars IIfSSRS, BROMLEY and SON will SELL bY Ltk&.UCTION. at the Auction Mart, on Friday November 2D, at 12, SIXTY £10 SEEAREtS(i£Idpaid)Inthe RaTOAl~P GAS-LIGHT and CsuKR CO APANY, incorporated by Act of Parliament, paying a dlvidand ofSpecrceut. Foe lurtherparticulars inquire of inseauctioneers, 17, Commercial-road eaut. To Mlembers of BnOlsin SiEtis Sml _itlss and othera. AIESRS.BROMLY and SON will SELL by AUWTION, on Friday, November tO. at 12, at the Mart, opXo- site the Bank of England, by order of the Mortgagecs in thre lo~se Lot 1. SIX ElOUrIES, Nos. to 9, Upper Mary-street, ~jromley, Middlesex ; res,tal per annum £78, lease 34 Years.. -Lot 2. Four Small Houese, Nor, 1, 2, 3, ana 4, Walter-street, Roscoe-street, In the parish of West Ham, and user the Victoria Ducks : rental per annum £441 lassoS r7ears Lot S. Four Houses (two with shops), Nos.- 1 and 2' Emilly-place, and 18and 191, LAnton-s treat, Uppe Northi-street, East India-road, PoplAr; rental r anum £10. lease 90 years. May be NIeWed; particularse hid of Mr. Pritch3Ad, Eest India, Dock H.ra Poplar; W. BShen, REq., solisitor, 8, Beford-cow; place of ie ;e nd. of the asrctloneera, 517, Oommercisl-rosd, East. INear the Whttechape1-road. 1JESSRS. BROMLEY and SON will SELL by MY AUCTION, on Frtday, Nov. 10, at 12, at the Auction Mart, by order of the Proprietor, In one lot, an ex"tensive LEASEIjOLI) PROPERLTY, desimbly situate in thae New-road, within a fair yards of Whitechapel-road, Opposite Green-stseet, part let on leass lor the whoe trm nd artle togoo yerlyteanle, comprisingseaveral dwelin-hoses woksops stble, seds sithY, "s, the whole producig arentl o £12 pe anum, eldforthe terrmo 022 years at a modeate roud ret. oseeslo of hatPortion occupied by M4r. New North-road and Whitechpe-P B ordr ofI the AdmnIsi.tr. t lx,. A Leasehold Hioe 13 cdotpae e oth-rovad and a Leasehold Estate,outnesre,Wichpl 'Nin. F. Shas ben instruacted by the Ad altrar to SELL, at the Mar To-morrow (Nov. 51, in two lOUs, a ROUSE, 15, BrIdport-place, New ~ortb-roa c onta Inng seven rooms, let at £24 per annum ; term, 308 Years; ground rest, £4t IL: and the moitty of a Leasehold Estate, Gloulenon stret ansd Place WhIterhapel, producing £159 pe annum; held for 34* years. at £10 ground rent. For particulars apply at the Mart; and to Mr. F. Sagrveaucio e r, in, 2, Union-court, Old Broad-street, E.C. Plnurs-A sallOhoice ColhectioN, n oefn oe ItoAl -. F. BSADGRO 'f'ore wthinstructions LUto SELL at the Mart, on Priday, the 6th just., a small CO)1_ n Ett DWceeINVei, bW Wltan F, DaGame, TinbckA.Landicpeoan Cattlve, a bys Town; and0 examoplsofgulo lb Iutoworro th,reu, and othNvmer),ancet masters an abotl2ofist hadat theMart, nande of nearly Lew,igh-roe, autoe, 2,Uio-out Obld Boadstee E.G.rbes oer heebae Piipa. pIthout fresre amt hilaas Ros 7,Bessaere withoutr bag 60 metal teapots, four electroplated orneta, three fn-oe otg pi-anofortes, by Collard and Collard, Broasod, n nte,sm egravings, household goods, and itemsa. Vesa prY n mrs of sale, when catalogues may be bed. Queenborough, In the Ilei" hep, et LURB. ED WIN WHi1TE, by directo of Mlr. Josialh lLHall, will SELL by AuCrIoN, without reserve, on the PromIses at Qaonbosough, on Wednesday and Thursday, Nov. 11 and 14, 51 13 eachL day, the ST1OCK and TOOLS of a builder anud cntmctor, comprising two sailing barges, 60 tons each, with, gear In good c-neitlon ; large quantity of ecaufold poles, board,, mnd putlogs,ne doos ad sshe, 1,00 fie bick, sockof ronmonigery and tool-, mesteingmachne bringmachne seamboiler, two pie engines~ chiecreNors lb2 hadstpr y1and nd-, 5ton of greenrPlte Gooppsa. AESSRS. WARLTERS and LOVEJOY aLre inLyL strnoted to SHLL by AUCr'ION, on the PrernIses, on Friday, Novemober 6, at 12. wlithsoitresreve. the superior STOCK, consisting asseots of dish corers, entrde dishes, elegant centre pilcm, salvors, handsomie ooffee and tea seta, teakettlee with lamps, teO3POtscOffeep3t5, milk ewezrs, bread and cake baskets. egg cup stands, toast racks, tab!e prongs ana spons, fralteoulirS, mugs, uQtler dishes, Sist knaivesanid 1- rk s, cruet roame, liquor stands, chamber and Other candlesticks, Communion services, large quantity of cutlery and items in Britaants~ metakl and numnerous other effects, otolls ueful and omnamentaL kMay NO. 8. Upper Nlontagu-street, MOnta4ru-squarO.-Ercellent Homse- hold F,,miture, Orga by LInrolo, 6-octave Pianoforte, 80 ox, Plate, Chiona Glass. and Effects. PU. McDONALD has been favoured with instric- ML tionks from tbe ExecutOrs to SELL by AUOTION, on the Pro. mis-s TH1S DAY, November 4, at U for 12 precisely. the FURNITURN, comprilevg foarrol" and French bedtedad, bedding, and linen chests of drawers washstand, and tittings, roswood and walnut drswing room suits of chairs, easy ditto ODUsbhs lo and other tables, rheffeniers ornaments, engravings a Vreel organ by Linooln,. plays 30 tunes, mahogany dining room furniture, of chairs siddeboard. dainin tables 6-octave cabinet pianoforte, chinagias,kItohenreqnicltN,.1 effecte. MAY be viewed the day prior and morning of sale. Catalogues had on the promises, and at the auctioneers offices, 41, Baker-st., W dIaWZBy.oder-of the Sheriff.-Two Houses of elegant Furniture, la the prevailing fashion; Including a very handsome walnut-tree woo-d Drawing-roomn Suits coTerod In expensive Satin Two powerful-toned 6*-Cetare Cottage PIanofortes, with metallic plates-one by Collard and Collard, superb Spanish mahognDin-ro,Lbryad DeeabrApoIntments, a CollectIon of Taluable Proof rints, brilintpins e~y-glse, Carpet, China and Glaes Bronre, and noumerous valuable Effects: removed fromu Clapisam-ark EHiehbury-, a portiona being by order of the Sheriff. L1E~~W18 begs to anlnounce he bas receivel IV II.rcis to SEM b AUCTION. at the Rooms, 69, Que-e . street, two doors from New vannoui-atreet, where the p rosry has been remOved, To-morrw (Thursday) NOv. 6, and FrridayNov. 6 at 12 precIsely, the very elegant FUR LTUROS and vraiuabire APPh"Nt DAQES of Two Houses; coDmrrising a msagdolicet walnutwood drawing-room suite covered in satn, elegat MAd richly-redloobog ocecasional, and cord tables . valuab MnIed cice, otl oobnloak fitted with pinto glaaa, an& marbl os,r cubnt e,Ucarpetsdatw brlliant toned pianos, proof prn lte t= e u la kt china, andi numerous drawing room elegancies; superb Spanish ma. Incany and oaLk dinin room libray ad bed-chasabor appendage,, uSingsete f Ohs lousgs, su InS chairs, covered Id u~~~~~~~~~ugn mosoosoo- noble carxved keas and table, rs stered writing table. vsrouelsi-In safe, xsc carved-hack cd4eboard, leweeoo dning table; and lsp. nd I carvd ArhianbedsEad nidms ag hog, ooe oatesbes ollt ndchralglsss,nobe inedan To RblpbuMleme Timbtg Kerchanig, lAd o4h5tL-K&IaIts jW1 U SSRS. PAGE anE03se O W x,Lb AJIINatthe White Rut =D4tR ~ ofember,aen2efor s,iy aonuanni oet 30 e,g aTm abouesfthm -li uo thanod 4Rmd foxUseO, QWa mf0OLOndo0. Credit will beigiven. May be vOWdb~a**Jzi toMr.Davld GSoig, lasloarilt Forest Jam, cc wbomen aalogue mW be had, Olatelog-e sa alsobeada .WheHatn,Rt0aoed iKeusre, Pag rfd OaN&,ln *51 n nr6~,4.h 3,ca.dret. ad d. Abet's. adagnsadmwo 4O Hertfordshire. near Wat'ott&-Yy srba ceod de, known - Woodelde-lodge, anid Itaees MESSRS.PAE ih thatfth aoe alubl hL~ PERTY WHiltaeiasateMatonFda,Nv6.esrpv. pirticulare audconIintie~ ihpan a ehdo o HIwampelad 'oad-EiJsb1e Leseod Estae. jIjESSBS. PAGE and UAMEROX awe inskutrek& Pvth rwtees of the Ilae charles Tamner, Bet,, to SkLt. by ALUOTION, at the .Mo Friday, Novr. 20, at A~ the eaoLhI ?IIYIVATZ lIRISDEN situaeand being No. 3. amcwiogton pdace. Moratington-c'esoeat, Harnpekead4oad, oouvententlya ran ed, witkhgsdeu infntotandrear, holdfor aterne, of whirch 42 years w~e.s uunxrolrd.t MicuanXmas lass, atla ground rent of £8 Is., and let toJoAmerf Ingram, FAq., as £iO per annum. The aboase property is sub. atantially bult, Ln sood repair, situate in atn improving neighbovirhood, endL weU worthiy the attention of asmail cap talloW. May bevlewed be penrlasle,s of the tenant, and rtcalass and sonditilosna t SAle had aht the Huat ; of J. P. Thieolsad, L1., solilitor. 16, Fexnizgaf lon; of W. L,. Ilooaldaon, ZAq,, eolcitor, 18, doutbamptan,,Mast EL'oomabury;- and of Aessrs. Pagea and Clameron, ILe.d agent.i and xarveycrs, 6t. Old llroad-street, ai3d8t. Albans MESSRS. PAGE u CAMIERON are instracted. by te Tutfo o th IMeOhalesTarer,Faq., to SLl, b AUCTION at thne Mart, en Friday, Nov. 20, at 12, a deelrahleDWZLLI1G-HOU8E, in goAd repair, with front and back gardewr,, beILg No. 3, Ling'a-parade, Uines-covad Chelsea, plUUaniy fIIna4enear the Oe.dtgen.up'er, and commandIng aview oft th river, held fit On urdanexpIredKerm h-of r1-e1 alagond-1rNe~sent of fliam anumoadocint6 ther ocupationm So ean at, Go dere,han., ttec MeRlretf£2 LUO y b wi Ewed byamlso AcOI teenn, tand priuarbavd cROdiis PER ml bas t the Mart, of 3.iay Po. Theoat1, 'Vieowab1e, rauthauin obtriee at ID,mbuy keandrof Mhessr.pag sde Cameridny lnextagEnoioa andsrveadore, t, al-modstft,efi, thelblan t-5weky s.-Afrsr abletto smllnveetalents.-Toshtnilybjtcnein us Rh . LUCK1N will SELL by AUCTION, a the, .LL Mart,svemPIberT6 ait the abt,ove POFridY, Nrod.65at U VIerwable, Pastckluars banda 0 u.lrhr,Cepie On Friday next.-Eollowaiy.-lrNo. 1 t, Apey-i- ow Inutes wa fro th"be lL'galeh-l5 weey oeatent-A frst-Rrat ettoingderi, for lti. blue tosalea.alss lIIB UOKIN wil SELL by AUCTION, at the', ,IlJ Mrt November 6, at 12, the above PEOPEBTY, xrdolg Am T1ere anm. 28 sears lae at modLerate grouend rent ailewdlrs cuatx10, the akle neerseuryln,z On FrAday nex. cke.No 4,aftleby oed Blhouat road,,. BW . L UCKN l ELbY AUCTION, at the, ILMart, Novembe 6, at 12, STheaONE VILLTE producing £K_ perL Anu, Addeonrmo0er t-atmees8,uach. hUse.$ Myeas stewed. gonrn.Rta guna b.Particulars of the ancloncrl0,nclerbm thn ilas wll dpedfroogatm ~IB.LUC IN will SELL by AUCTON t h Brmpo,ukrbn.-mal guineasd Poea,Prtlecufars of,; theantlos f4R. GEO. GOULDS3M1TE will BELL b AUC,, TION, at thelMart, onThureday November 12,at1 DreIsey _ one lUot, TW ROwel-bilT smi-easephtelotE:DNCE6, ppith exosI-t ga'rden, knw aIs, aNd. 7 Utamerd Viuresr,et beld for nhearlym1 yearm,a. £200 per annum. Mayo b viewed; alon ParademOottge Sofuthe .arsdst sande yartianiadb. Buildieg Mdavt;fs'g,n leNaewm1andEs hold fic 36. W2,andrk aeld fot3 thean at410c' ffcs p , ont-stTheet andoU, proel- gravrral, PmlHou, ol 8 rlur.Pin,.C RJI. CEO,ADOULKSwi wiLL SEL AUCTION, - LV. TisN satiu utheMaton GThlursdy,3S Nembrl'-ser 1ai-ros the follownext, oIr.TI8a IZaiir a assemblot.:e-o.f6 HUpper hDnboard,t. let o (threyar. matbtegarly renpot adoftt4.ern heldstfor wyard-. stables yaest and uldinges, adro ndinu,meroau£81s. andc bey ford of. tbyeasatm£2 per annum; alout siabviewndcInYork-ews, e nlase £1,andsm hueldfo 14 yarsal10pran Mrleatune,- The abt O.Ce Plapesti R. RB. CHADWIOK -isEL bytrcedt BUEION bt; ML.hssAi=ous autileaon Galley 51MGaertIy.lae Ch.arling-c1oss, ohrng-Jvldaex,N-,, ou at d 1z a iorr6,aaaembalarge of HOUSEofHOadsomely arIed BTompriing XrBLeoo DhefWonGes maogan sidehoRd,tabeWs, noairs mlahogmanforbple cmand otheredtas, w atiCre_rd-. chrobes.eoest o draer,0 deogets ohandsnume rowusgefectd bynorg room theoestmndsttaaers.ut Cut O nnview n d lgtetaleatuerohod, MBES. B. CAD IC R ianSiNwtrultEdLoSLbLAb ILUTION, apxkthes repiseloneA Bnat-laer 51, K artin'ts-,aae, ChaYingoos, onFrda, Noe,s6,Awleto1,alre sotetiuB oLfUband-. trese ofor dinn rooms,ad aose large quartiety ofvi mlacisen andu othf rtonsobegpteceo;2000 pCatlgeso hnandsoe drawigad dpntepeiniegm oroo felocMk r. and saIaeSo, O vitew,and catdalguenthad atbrthe ro M N Kensinghl-teoer, Maiddetmex, thr ESSBS.MURRAY Y wSll IISE L byAUC.. TIC uon thePremise ig3, Bth-plac, Kensingtone, T IIDAYNov4, lIt th usat se,rtnenot anOuSEOLD FURNI. FurI~of a e omdtue salqatt fpat,as bu i tns fbs ol.Cllss may behdupntep."c;adi hAMI BED ADL M eY ilS Lb U LVJ. I' N,on bsPreisS,E7IhLtre, at hiseboue, THI M)Y anc-tr12efor on the TOC IndTkSatra,7E h TC of nUHOkS sheUets Mros freg of Orssr,arroeSolt ndcimeygate, asoa, co-NCie, ands easycairu bos, I mcaho,a.n, oswod awanuPers oom, A&tapnd Cltorunm, andvother bestamEod'sWoroewod, Toccas ionyal, mBdoth.- tblcs, an0avariety ofOtheorkstor 6 aolso.th hlbou'sRoe,svfrniur, unlar. papher .Pickerand'effectis. CaetalW ogue.ma buehand a Smr.ltiward0. lamdey's auction ofises 67p. Chncrylae lb. elgn(Fd CabnetdEglish BoksSaionepry. te, ae M P . . HAW LEIGS willSELL, at hisRoumse, 12, L Fle-stree.n Friday,ot, and Satriday, OTembter a S 1OC for Mr. 0. C. eresis, freig bokseller,ofeOxford-theet albov) aomablonsleellnson boks,irnluIgIhados;eoen't Pesan,g Ardbing acnd Englsh ictinar; estoetan slexicng Haeptalto;bole,st Syot cslsr Cmitlosu 5 voe Haedauad'seWoarks, 4ole.; Enfcy,lopeoktalllae by Boanwod,Cabiet dttoby Soddrt,iFxerprooef IendSarg, and Effects. ~to W, nc ctaogs M RLCOWKRiUSEL bAUTI ,nteP, miga wa,Wutwood draw~ ingruomsquite,wiTHIdama AY widWeduesama, gib coWrnicsi, ierytabl,Andgoestrapd ole; exAclnmahd ogan duining,roo, furniytAbres,ieoing wanteleooewand, andInfametables, acts of chaiset Inlatherpoand hamd aelorth, wrietingstblear,octe,spoyas, bookc usases cheffonler wit Arabia tp,pn q bc and otepoeed,daes axiel Adomo arh stands, large n romcb chimney an te ga ns Bus adrpet., fendre Arags, nc,nOnoview Thsbedsteand. marnle-top sale,and s, sisguec. utnmbr.-h anufactured tokCnisofAnd ryft Un a3soltatur~ ofa wellu. cn omprisinkveryhndeem lathes, toccsiogndal,ar, lO,1dining, Pten facytales, cave walndut,rnewkmoewood, admahogan, Sueonr walnut.. daventpots caneddaenortewritind tablkes, teo os carubleede muser. chesngtso f d rawers,fpedesalsidebards, Maybe vinew,led.teps,ea m-Y e ha on he room cais, an teschimney Eand dessi gtaee an~On~r~p~bedsteads,marble-top 17shatands L, To. nsnmnufetned tor reuist ofa vry oe Sotment fwant osa' b hd o th pemios appndg,h cmauctioneg Heckx ,NE overt o urrondhe ontour toic abnoucth; me'sP he,ad ffrdn bay eAcUCtON aLsfo theAntn at clan rdon, onesda, Nove 10 aith12 valabeTHEYONBk tcole,s l eg thredna mansioh of Englando Place and Lere ham LogeDwth containrverd vaube red anlho rnkerh eigtul ibe,,on: anelvtd spot,e In armral elb itit nUeIi difot. vicniy ofathetondofMappine,rcomandinge extensive axtnd ben- mensbeas AUCdIaNfordngmn texln sitmi es for the ereton of fiSt-1 clats.streso L&Togte a ith vauableY brcf tile, anfd pottery, work,,m a 14-beedCrel o ofE6nr. ashcbtun andmachie,abotoaper,T whrinole Dofwlebs (wazi6 th amfwtIln exceptions) l Isc fhrsesehol, -nd wll e ist paving. mrscery,lnouseloxturesd1noseffects; asothen submiorted y anrfeserve aeing relots. kwithcurasdwithopans ag gandcndiios,May beobtinwed the damy Parker,t h ql.,Cands caald ues Pball-edl Laxt don; teand ofothe auctioneer,iUism-naost1 no-rde lidraordinaewryo-dPiane.and Machinoy,an Efeth,eLeosedofrthe etenstvoC LA nd ON, t t ASto N aoond SONS wilelTora SElL Ayfro IO,onthe Pspr misesm o ton ltuesflsyr E 0 atuh 12, lots, IIN the wIH n A holeIlyof the valuabdleya,tq aoo14-bd arrl hopper,.6incmashinngn oomludach cine,aper, rfgeaOf. coolegrs, souare, steam ba.,tckioa ltioa ofruee ,nd ondent 9ugmeh pollr,ionumps,h pipeng, scstuyadberers,astages,cade, furnituoek slani oUpavoing, bmachinrymhuerfurixtures, andteffect. aisterreasie itofthE O vaiowedothedaprirt eeth.Orerf aile.-and ctDalyue otaied ontepo Teraofre ndivauabole DHotugsehndold Furnitre An IDent Chia,wllagof exrardnay ldWie,an nscon ffet, eoedfo the late-n PinL Efctip al' ogn Jesu Colege Oxor.-y eses T M aonee, an a caalgues had (at 6d. each) 10 day w uat,. w mitted to the roam with2out a catalogue, -N emnW ad Bwton-Upon-Trent.-Oxpti~ Kees.age and valuable Land (Freehold). -B3y Mir. LERDAOd, sit the Queen's [otel, in Burton-upon-Tsens,, on Tuesday, Novembor 17, atS 6'clock, ALL thatCail Mesnuage, late the residence or~ valuable Land thereto adjoining, contain-in-g altogether 35. In-. 24p. The ground floor of the house consist. of entrance hall, 17ft, by 7 dining roam, 21fi. Go, by 1Ift,;: study. 12ft by 13, servants haILl butler' gPantry, and all requiste offices~,_witexcellent cel&issng Thofirs floor consIsts of drawing room, f. =M le by lIft, fil; mornint-. r,om. lift, Sin by -tO. 6in. ; bach3orlos bed room, four best bed rooms. a drcsigroom, book clost, 3c, The secontd floor Wnsitsk of wreve,s attic"ksI closet, to, The outbuIldings compris a fpm,tslIod stbe double coach house with loose box, saddle ro-omi, straw shs4pgWgertes t'o. In the gardeni is an excollent grenhouse, 30fLZy I and a- garden hoase, withL heatig appartug. The whole of bidings are In. good epair Theland sawel state.w, regfard to canals and,raiway, ad I adiraly daped or heerection of a brewey malhones,oranyothr biling sanecedwith the great staple trad ofthe ownof urto.npn-Trnt,Thewhole of theresaIfrehol oflebrttnso Fo futhe s~inuarsapply toMn.Taas Bale of Unclaimed Propery left in P'ublic Cerrages by oret of the- COMmiseoneo of POllee, Other Propert by order of the Receiver and Articles found In theRio~yal Plarks and Gardens,,bs order Of the, secretary of EH. if, Board o Works--at BOOTH's areloosme 2i,. 33 il DAY, NOv. 4, StlI precisel. h SCRELLANEOUS Proper-ty, eon"itl~of Wetr- m.LigsppmmL,umbrellas, puara'swhips,sold and vfym ar ta leelr, l oper, bsraas, Iron. lead roe,bo= &a. Xaybe iw on Tuesday, and eaalogues had of B. -50had Son, E, fledge-rows-- At the London Oommeertal Sale Booms. mincing-lane, on Thaaday. NOv. Nat2, alfor Iprscealy. rr' o undred an Ten Batts of Sherry to be Sold, Twwitboout reserve, to close an waosurit, Catalotiass and IsasGQMen IndOtm fJIE .VXN rk-I --11%XI
