MARRIAGES. On the 27th uilt., at Eleadingley Churob, near Leeds, by the Soy. Thoh Sttrgeon, incumbent of furloy Wn 'l leooer Piford Esm.. o; London, to darah, eldest daughter of the lat5 Johnt Ltster, E,q., Eln. deld, Branrley, near Leeds, aul widow ot the late Ely. Snowden, REq., Bsurgeon. On the 19th ult., at St. Jude's, Talingtnn, PhlUP, YOungest eon of the late J. J. Bouquet, REq., B uk of 9Egland, to Eleanor, third daughtet of the lbto tIev. Eiward Curteis, Rottendea llerery, Eraex. On the Ist inst.. at Majrylenone Church, Willam Lewis O'Doanell, barriater-at.law, eldest son of Miichlial O'Dounaoe FAq., RutlandFquase. Dublin, to Harriot, relict of theo Fte Thee. Dy;zn, Rq*of Abby Dale and h11 HM,use, near Shretfield, Yorkshire. On the let Inst , at the church of the Holy rtittity. Dobeross, by the Rev. Williamn Simpson. MLA, inrumbeni. brother-in-law of the bride. F.oem, Charles Carsingelon Stockdale. only suirviving Eoni of the late WillIa- JamneeStock-dele, IaEq., to Eziir, eldest daughter of Gteorge Fielder. Req., of Dobeross, On the lat Lust., at Old Kensingtnu Church, by the Rev. P.W. Helder, Captain T Rt. oleines. 49sh Madras N 1., eldest wno of the late Colonei Holmes, 0.1 * to Claroline Mtatda Alaley, third daughter of Jamne4 lituast Browurigg, ei. Oa the lst inist., at Si. Ma%re's, Wanatead, by the Rev. Wm. P'itt WlsamWilitam Hob a, ofq. 01he Great Norihern Railwa~y, to SUeon Carolin indus, steipaughtor to WiliamL Forge, Esq., of Waastead, Essex. On Wednesday, thq 2d InBt., at Woll in the county of Norfolk, by the Rev James Bedlugfel. rector of iBedingreld anud uncle to the bride, the Rev. Atthur tllberl, vicar of Bluham, t-o Itoretta Emily °travce. youngest daughter ot the tev. John Robert EIo,por rector of Wells, and grand-dAuihter of the lat J. T. IH, opper.i ot Witton C'astle, iu the counjty of Duirhatm. On the 2d in-t.. at Bath, by the o ev. W. T. Blathwayt, M.A&. theo Riev. Rt. V. Blathwsyt, at A-, rector of Thuruford, Dorset, to Anne MAria Elizaeth, loungect daugniter of the late Charles Deciinu Wililauese, Es'q. On the2d iust,. at the resldeneo of the bride's father, by the Rev. A, Baruett aswisted by .1. L. LlnlencthsU. leldore Zsinpson, oEq., of Goepoit, to JuiBa, tldest dau4hter of Samuel Cohen, D sq., of London, On thedinat., at the ree,dencen' the br1e 1 parets, by the Rev. Mr. Aster, Annie, youngest dalihiter of 2 a,rk Vayis, Req., oT arlv boroeWh1pinre, Wal worth, to uLeni Brodzeac, Esq., late of Sydney, On Wednesdlay. the 2d lost, at 1fiberly Chapel, London, by the Rev. A. Tidmakn, D.D., Kr Fredlerick liriumwade, of New Earl street, Canoon-stveest west, andI Daston, to Ileunaft Maria. eldest daughter of the Rev. Robert Philip, of Mlaberly Cottage, Daiston. On the 2d inst.. at St. Mary's Church, Luanbeth, by the Rev. 0. Green. Mtr. 56ttthew Miles, of Mount-street, Westmlinster.road, to Busan Sarah, only daughter of John Wishy, Esq., of Holly-house, ](ennington-road, Lasobetri, Surrey. On the 3d init . at the parish ohurch, Twiocrio, Somerset. by the Riev. George Buekle. vicar, Whiiim RxinSts-e.0 of UxforAjistreet MLon don, to hannah, youngest da'sglter ot Mr. Willam Baly, of Tvivertoo.
DEATHS. On the 30th April, at Forn-hill, near Melboun,e, Australia, after a lingering illness John birch, E~sq., Of Canterbury, N. Zealand, eldeat aurviviug son of the slte Major Birch, H.M. to5thRb ,egt. On the 17th Mlay, on her voyage from IndL, Bessiio the beloved wife of John Parry, Eseq.. of Oscoutt. (In the 15th June, kinr ed by the mrutineere, at Banda, N. W, Provirses, India, Henry Edmund Cuekereil, of th6 D.-O.S.. aed 26 Years 8.xond ton of the ttev. fHenry CookereUl, of North Weali, Epping. On the 18th Juno. at Umhab, of intermittent fever. Charles A. Dofnle. Lient. 60th Bengal N-.L, aon of the late Rev. John Doyne, of of Old Leighblo. On the 4th July, kUied, In the 25th year of his age, and while in the energetic perforuance ot his duty in d,-fencq of the Factory of Parlee (dlatrict Mirzapoor). from an attack by, a numterous and powerfle beyo nsurgents. Williamo Rich,ni Kore, Bengal Civil Bervice, JFeoilnt M aEgitrate and Deputy Collector of urzapoor, the seond and beloved eon of Major J. A. Moore, of F,setland-place. On the 6th July, 1857, at Agr Captain ldward Armstrong Currie lYOIjYy, Ileogal Arttillery-, of a grapeshot Wound, recel,od while xallantly commanding thie Artilery in tae action of theo th July, deeply lamented. On the 22d Augufst, at the recidence of Dunc3n Campbell, Eeq., Newton, Islay, John Pattlseor, Req., M.D.. F.R..l., Loodoa. On the 210 Angust, at Little Eladham. Ann, widow of the late Ma. George Macon, in her 85th Year, deep-ly regretted. On the 18th nilt., at Dinhasm Hall. Ludlow. In her 81et Year. Isabella, rellot of the late Ricard Saawey, EFq., of Moto-pack, Shropshire. On Sauday, the 10th August, 1857, at 12, Southampton-row, Edgeware-road, Mrs. Elizabeth Palmer, sister to Ute ltae James Iaokeozle, banker, of Bath, aged 87 years. On the 10th August, 1817, at his realdenoe, 3, Warwlck.cardeus wesk, Kensingtona Altred Wailer, Eq., of Her Majeely's Treasury, aged 9 ye ars. On Sunday, the 30th August, at Tunbridge-wells, Katherene, daughter of the late Willi mn Lownde3. of Arthuerie, Reafrewshire, N.B, On the 31st Augunt, att rorquay, ElHza D'tyly, daughter of the Rev, Tb 'ness Snow, ot Newton Valence, Hants, On tho 31st ult., at Parirgate, Obeshlre, rs. mHenryMastynEdwards On the 31st nIl., at Poilok, Rernfrewuhire, the Lady Matilda HIarriet Maxwell, wife uf Sir John harweil. of Pollok, HBart. On the 31st Wt., at the resideueo of her eon-tn-law, lalllpers Hall, Herts, alter msaby mrontbs of patient sullering, JulI3, relict of Mir. James Field, aged 87. On Tuezday. the Ist lost., at the President's Lodge, In the 60th year of his age, Joshua King, Esq., LL.D*. Preeluent of Queen's CoiLl, andI formerly Lucasian Proftesor of M.athematios in tehe Univerity of Cambridge. On the lot inst.. at her residence, 6, Sutherland.-square, Wal worth Leouisa Poillips. widow of the late Joho 8tmnpkln Phillipe, in her 7lst year, beloved and rerspected, On the let In5t., at HounBlow. Mr. Wiilam Joyce, of bronchitis, late of Colvill-t.orrace, King's-road, Cihelsea, aired 70 years. On the ist inst.. at Tuubridge-weils, aged ten weeks and four days, Maine Elenry, second son of the Rev. Henry Beaumont, of 19, Brurs. wick-square, Brighton. On Tueeday, the lot inst., at WeUlow Hiouse, Rulford, Notts, Joseph Andrew Brarkenbury, Esq., aged 75. On the lst itse., at TEddington, aged 19, Ersign Frederick Vonour, 17th Foot, third son of the late W. N. Venour, Req. On the lat lint, at Gravesend, Mr. Georgo Moore G.iett, of 75, Tachbrook-street, Pimelico. aged 27. On the lst inst.. at Veotnor, Jesmes MackenzIe Bloxam, lato of Linc1n's-tInn, Esq.. eon of Robert Blloxamo. of Newport, Isle of Wight, lfq. On the °d bert., at Holoway, Mary Ann, wife of Mrr. J. D, Brov, atg, aged 54. On the 2d Inst.. at Elmrdon Rectory, near l3irnlngbam, In his 80tha year, the Venetable Wi.ilam lOpuoner, forLnerly Archdeacon of Cove-ntry. On the 2d Inlt., at Lower Phil1imore-place, Kensington. Mary Ann relict of Archibald Dyer, s13,.. of Haeovsr.cresceut, B3righton, and only surviving chUid of the late Thos. WVuztonley, D.D., Principal of SI. Alban Hail, Oxford. On the 2d Inst.. deeply lamented, James Jloughton, eq., of Hernehill, Sturrey, eyed 10. On the 2d inst., at Upper Tulse-hiUl, Sarah, widow of the late John COse .rS, agod 69. On tho womoing of the 2d Ins'., at Yair H,suse, Snlklelkehire, Alexanider PelagIc, REsq.. of Wbytbaiuk.
fl-HEINDIANY CORRESPONDBNCE OF THE " NORD" The X>rd of Brussels publishes the following letter from cits special correspondent in Indi3." The last letter from ;its special correspondent" was dated from Madras. The " letter" gives a fair summary of recent events in India, but we need not add that every line of it was written much nearer home. We need not fear to be anticipated by our N'orthern contemporary. We trust only that he will copy discreetly:- "Calcutta, July 20. "On my return to Calcutta I found that the situation Of affairs in Bengal was not in the least ameliorated, as 'we had hoped it would be. On the contrary, many more . erious events have happened to render it still more oomplicated. " Lucknow, the capital of the ex-kingdom of Oude, keeps its ground still against the insrgents, who have besieged it; but Sir Henry Lawrence, one of the bravest and ablest men of the Anglo-Indian army, died on the 4th of July, in consequence of the wounds which he rsecived two days before, on the occasion of a brilliant sortie. "4At Cawnpore the little garrison under the command of Sir Hugh Wheeler, after having defended itself for a long time and with great valour against 15,000 of the rebels comr. manded by the Rajah of Bithoor, reoeived overtures from this chief, who knew that they were a prey to famine, that Sir H. Wheeler had been mortally wounded, and that they were encumbered with many women and children whose safety they wore most anxious to secure. The garrison ultimately submitted to Nena Sahib, after having received the solemn promise that they would be allo wed to withdraw afely and soundly with the whole of the European population to Allahabd. Bat they had scarcely laid down their arms when Sir H. Wheeler and his companions were all masscred. Upon the parade ground of Cawnpore, not only were sacrificed 132 women and child-en who had fled from Futtehgwrh, but also thohandful of soldiers that composed the-garrison of the former place, and 240 women and children who were found within the garrison. " The hordes of demons who fought nuder the banner of the treacherous and sanguinary Nena Sabib showed no pity for either sex or age, nor respect for the heroism of the brave. That the women had been exposed to the-most revolting treatment before they were slaughtered the scenes which have taken place at Delhi and at other places gives us every reason to fear. However that may be, it is undoubted that Cawnpore has since boennrcaptured. On June 30 Major Renaud bore down upon Cawnpors from Allahabad with 500 Europeans, 350 Sikhs, and two canmon; Brigadier-General Havelock followed on the 7th of July with detachments of the 61th and 78th Regiments of Royal Infantry, and six cannons. On the 12th the two forces counting in all 1,300 men, encountered, before Futtehpore, about 49 miles from Allahabad, the rebels, which comprised three regimenta of infantry, two regiments of cavalry, and eleven pieces of cannon. lavelook attacked them strongly, and after four hours hard fighting he put them to flight and captured their eleven pieces of cannon. From our side we did not lose a single man. "Inhis official report, addressed to Calcutta, General Havelock attributed this result, as extraordinary as it was satisfactory, to the superiority of our artillery (Royal), to our Enfield rifles, and to the courage and solidity of the English soldiers; but the brave general forgot to say that his own characteristic ability contributed powerfully to this magnificent success. The army of Nena Sabib was more than 15,000 strong, and had taken uap an exceUent position before Fnttehpore. His cannon had been admirably placed to act upon our troops, who occapied a position within easy range of them. But General Havelock cared very little of approaching so close to the enemy, being only desirou. of placing his men at a convenient distance and in a good position for battle. Detachments of the 64th and 78th first opened fire, and every shot tbat came from their ranks told upon some one man of the inimical forces and taught them the value of those cartridges which they had affected to disdain. In vain did they reply to the deadly precision of the Englisa rifles by a continuous fire of their musketry ! In vain did they. play off all their artillery against the marksmen of General Havelock ! Their ball fell innocuously around the European ranks, while the En. field rifles made terrible ravages among the gunners of the enemy. In the meantime the battery of Royal Artillery, under the command of Captain Maude, did not remain inactive. It swept away the rebels on each opportune occa. sion; and in less than four hours this army of 15,000 men was completely dispersed by a handful of English and some Sikbs I "The flying column of General Havelock pursued the enemy to the utmost in the direction of Cawnpore. On the 15th and 17th they attacked the foe again and again, and beat him each time, taking from him the remainder of his cannon to the number of 15. After the affair of the 17th our troops entered Cawnpore, which they found wholly deserted and in ruins. Nena Sahib had fled to Bithoor, about 14 miles from Cawnpore, where we hope he wiU be soon followed and hunted down. "The position of Lucknow appears to be most critical; but as General Havelock is receiving fresh troops from Allahabad, at which place they are arriving daily from Benares and from Calcutta, there is every rcason to hope that the place wil be rescued shorty, notwithstanding the loss of its illustrious chief. " On the 5th of July Agra was menaced by about 8,000 Sepoys. Strange fact ! the chief portion of that army had marched from Neemuch, a place situate more than 300 miles from Agra; but it was augmented during its progress across the Jeypoor by tha junction of native troops stationed along its route and in its neighbourhood. However tbat may be, at their approach aU the European and Christian inhabitantstookrefuge within the fort of Agra. The garrison, there formed of the 31 European Regiment of the Company and of a corps of volunteers, counted altogether 550 men, 'with 6 cannon. This gallant little band proceeded out to confront the enemy, whom it found occupying a position ina village some miles fro,n the station, ard whom it immediately attacked. After an obstinate battle the enemy was dislodged from its sationr; but, by an unexplained forgetfulness, the garrison fonnd itself deficient of cartridges at the very moment of victory, and was conse. quently obliged to retreat again into the fort without being able to complete their triumph, purchased by the loss, in killed and wounded, of at least one-fourth of their strength. The rebels, who were joined by the populace of the city, burned and destroyed a great part of tbe cantonments and of the European habitations. The fort, guarded by the 3d Enropean Regiment, and by the volunteers of Agra, was maintained against the insurgents; bat it is not the less to be desired that It should be immediately reinforced, for fear that the little garrison should be subjected to the fate of General Wheeler and his ill-fated companions in arns. "The principal event reported here from Delhi is the death of General Barnard. He died of the cholera on the 5th of the month, and was succeeded by Major-General Beed. Our last news from that place is up to the date of tle 13th. The besieged had made some sorties on the 30th of June and the 4th and the 9th of July, in all of which they were repulsed by the English army outside. The affair of the 9th of July was a very brilliant one, there having been left dead morecthan 1,000 of the enemy. It appears that the rebels have not since then made as frequent sorties as they had done before. " If we can believe two of the natives who had effected their escape from Delhi, their repeated defeats and numerous losses are beginning to discourage them, and their munitions of war are sensibly diminishing. They have, however, been reinforced by the regiments of Rohilcund, ihose of Nnsseerabad, and probably by some others h but we may be permitted to doubt that these reinforcements will prove any advantage to the besieged, considering that their munitioLis are failing them. It cannot improve their con. aition to have more mouths to feed. It is true that these same two natives assure us that the besieged are In open communication with the country of Onde, and that theyre- celve provisions from it; but, if I am welU informed, it 1l the intention of our military authorities to sweep away from the ex-kingdom of Oade all the insurgents before they proceed serionsly to attack Delhi, and then to subject that place to aU the horrors of famine. ft is, besides, probable that the deserters equal in number the reinforcements which Delhi receives, as it is said they quit the city in crowds, and often under the fire of the place "By the report of the last courier from the camp before Delhi the besieging army is composed of 7,000 men. There are two squadrons of the 6:h Dragoon Guards, the 9th Queen's Lancers, two squadrons of the 9th Irrcmular Cavalry, two divisions of the 8th Royal Infantry, two dirisions of the 60th Royal Rifles, two divisions of the 61st Royal Infantry, the 75th Regiment of Royal Infantry, tho lst and 2nd Regiments of European Fusileers, and one Sirmoor battalion-the Guides formed by Sir Henry lAwrence and the 'Tirailleurs de Colre,' " But if I am to believe certain information of persons well acquainted with those matters, it has been found neesary to withdraw from the besieging army, or rather trom the corps of observation before Delhi, at least 4,000 men, in order to place them upon several menacing points; among others, Loodianai, Julinder, Russowlee, Subathoo, Mrut, Phillour, and Umbella, "It Ig believed thAt General Chasmerlain has effected a jun.Ion with the oerps of DeThi; but this news, although Tory prob&w is notte auiheathss*se "The kolera sous to rae with fury at Delhi and in the wevisi. of Oude. Our kop, we geaty far, will at eapq *JA plge ; you wi bxave ea ide of ita intw** when you learn that the inhabitants of the oountry desert their villages for the purpose of taking refage in the jungle, where, nevertheless the cholera decimates them in greater numbers than in the open country. " General Van Cortlandt has operated in tho districts of Elansee and Rlissar, and holds possession of those counties "I have reason to helieve that our Government is organizing regiments of Sikhs. Theso are, it Is true, hardr soldiers, who have shaken off tbe religtous superstition of the country, and who hate as much Mabomedan as Hindoo fanaticism. We have known how to appredate their bravery upon the field of b sttle, and as long as we can reckon upon then they wil be terrible rivals to place in opposition to tLe Sapoys. But the experience of tho past sbould teU us that the Sikbs should only be employed in arresting the course of insurrection, massacre, violation, and incendiarism, and should not he relied upon for the reconquering of Bengal. ", sadras and Bombay continue to enjoy the most complete trinquillity, and the native troops of those two Presidendcie bave sbowvn no signs of disaffection. Mlay Heaven be praised for it I There, perhaps, is the only safe plank for the European populations of Bengal, whom the rebeUious Sepoys, drunk with the blood of inmocent women and children, have not as yet been able to destroy. " As to our feUow-citizens of the Presidencies of Madras and Bombay, the knowledge of those frightful massacre; will not have been lost upon them. They will see the necessity of being upon the qui vice. "E ven here all concur in giving to the revolt a purely miltary and not a national character. That is also to us a subject of immense satisfaction. "I t iS then evident that the reorganization of our military system in India should be the object of the solidtde of the metropolitan government and of the local adminlatration from henceforth, and especially when the revolt shall bave been subdued. Permit me to give to your readers some details which will enable them more properly to adju. dicate on the question with a sknowledge of its origin. 6 By the official reports published last year at C.lcutt% upon the Anglo-Indian army, that army comprised in 1856 320,000 men able to bear arms. In that army there were but 30,000 men of the British troops, being a little less than one-tenth. The extreme dispropottion between the British troopa and the native troops of India contributes essentially to explain the present revolt in Bengal. The history of the world offers no other example of a conquering power of .30,000,000 of people governing a conqueredraceof 140,000,000 by means of an army the vanquished element of which exceeded the conquering element in the proportion of 10 to L " The possibility of the existence of such a state of things is the most striking proof of the superiority of intelect over purely physical force. But, to-day, having taught to the native troops nearly as much as wo know ourselves of the art of war, we must be the more surprised to find, under aU the circamstances of the present case, that the armies of MIadras and Bombay still remain faithful and loyal during the revolt of the Bengal army. " On the other hand, the Sepoys of the Bongal army are not so much formidable by their numbor as from the fact that thoy belong to a race far more dangerous than the Sepeys of other times. The Sepoys who were subject to Clive, to Coote, And even to Welleeley, were principally taken from the Presidency of Madras, or the inferior provinces of Bengal-populations remarkable for their peaceable and submissive character; but the Sepoys of the army of Bengal have been dra wn from the Mussulman tribes and the Mahrattas, people of the most belicose and most enterprising spirit of the Hindostanee race. Their stature generally equals, if it does not exceed, that of the English soldier; their complexion is scarcely dark-er than that of the S3paniard. while they carry their fanaticism to the extreme, whether it be prompted by the spirit of intolerance of the Mahomedan or Hindostaueo religions, or by the dreadful wars which the two races have carried on in India during whole centuries. "F ar from appreciating or practising the virtue of toleratlon the one towards the other, the hlahomedans and Mabrattas look upon it as a mere delusion or a sign of weakness, Since they have been allowed to have a voice in the Indian C-overnment, and since we have treated them with the most perfect impartiality, they have encouraged the belief among themselves that such conduct on our part but serves to conceal some sinister project, and that we contemplate making them Christians upon one day or another either by doceit or by compulsion. So far tbey judge according to their own tactics. Every time that the Mlahomedans have seized upon the Hindoos they have put the Brahmins to death, and have compelled the Blindoos to embrace Islamism. On the other hand, when the chiefs of the Mabrattis have captured the Mussulmans, tbey have treated them in such a way as to render their existence intolerable to them. " We mipht very easily argue against those suspicions, but we sbaU never be able to eradicate them; and tho necessary retult of this state of things is that, without a strong European army, we cannot either maintLin our position in Indfa or preserve the population of the country from religious persecutions or anarchy. "These premises admitted, the reorganization of our military system in India is imperiously demanded, not only by existing circumstances but also to secure our conquests for the future. According to competent authorities that reorganiTatian ought to be founded upon two princlpal baes. "In the first place the Anglo-Indian army ought to be corxposed henceforwaxd of at least one-third of British troops. Every brigade of division should have a quartermaster-general in hostile places, and the fortifications and garrisons of those places should be maintained of sufficient strength to resist eithor insurrection or foreign invasion. "The amelioration in our commercial matters, which I have glanced at in a preceding letter, has not yet been carried out as much as it ought to be. Our bankers and n-ativo mershanta, who find means of being well-informed upon all events passing in the districts even the most distant in connoxion with the rebellion of the Sepoys, have suddenly suspended the operations which they had resumed at the end of June and at the commencement of this month. All onr manufacturers have become idle, and our exports ni Scarcity is beginning to be felt, and the PessL mists already warn us of Pu approaching famine. We receive much and various provisions by water, but they seU at fxorbitant prices. What is stiU more 'rightful, the harvest appears to be radically deteriorakd from the want of the necessary number of labourers to cut it down, and the lands arebeginning to be wholly neglected as regards their caltivation. " But I am anxious to observe to you that here the Posdmnists are but a very feeble minority of our fellow-citizens. The msass of the English eitablished at Calcutta regard the terrible crisis through which we are passing with a determined aspect, and without entertaining a doubt as to the future. That crisis imposes on us the most enormons sacrl fices. We hesitate not, we shaU never hesitate, to make them. Oar Government has confidence in this spirit; and even should the two other presidencies be subjected to the same calamities our courage will never be weakened,-it w.,uld in that case be rather redoubled. Without doubt our eyes are fixed upon the motber conitry, and upon tho assistance which we are expecting from it, and which Is now beginning to arrive ; but if, in the interval, the danger should become stil1 more imminent, the local Government msy calculate to the furthest limits upon our devotion arid upon our entire abnegation; and at the last extremities even, we shall thank it, as the Venetiasw thanked thelr senator, for never having once despaired of the safety of Indis. " P.S. We have received about 1,500 men as a reinforces ment of troops which had been recalled from the Chinese expedition. The now reinforcements from England are landing here at this moment, to the great satisfaction of the inhabitants, who see in their arrival theo commencement of the re-establishment of our authority in India."
FR1EcgC A?SD FN(:LiSn{ FiSHERMEN.-On Wednesday the North Shields magistrates held a long inquiry in the Town-ball into A charge preferred by William Templo man, a Tyne fisherman, auid his boat's crew, against Pierre Charles Lobelelor, master of the French fishing lugger No. 274. of Bnmlogne, of having been guilty of an infraction of the fishing regulations by fi,hing within three wiles of the Northunmberland coast, and damaging his (Templeman's) neth; there was also a second charge, of assault. Mr. Kewney, of the town-clerk's office, prosecuted. As the reader is aware, a grem, number of heavily-manned luggers from the northern ports of Franoe puisue the herring fishery in the North Sea. There is a convention with France prohibiting the fisbermen of either country from fishing within thr,e miles of their neighboar's ooat. The regulations are strictly enforced upon the coast of France, bit until this season the British Admiralty has been very regardless of the intersts of their fishermen, and dovn upon the north-east coaxt, where our men fish in smnall cobles, :bey have snffered fearfully throtugh the French boats coming within the prescribed boundary and sweeping their nets away. On Saturday morning last Templeman's boat was fishing vithin a mile and a half of the Northumberland coas. when the defendant shot withln bim and carried away the greater part of his nets, and upon the men be longing to the coble going along3ide of tae lugger the F'renchrmen attempted to hide their number, arnd one of them tried to knock Templeman into the sa. The Englishmen, however, secured the number, but upon pulling away they were chased by five of the lngger's crew in a boat, who tried to sink tbem, and failing to do that, being five to three, they beat and illused thern. Temple-nsa upon reaching land sought ont Lieutenant Simpson, who is upon the coast with the Otter steam cruiser, who immediately went in search of tbe Iogger, and eaptured it off the Durbam eosst, bringing it An the crew into the TYnn. Templeman swore that he was la it fathoms water *hi the Frenchman shet inside of himn the Frmnchneei me that they were within 26 fathons, ut even in 25 fathoms they wo rwithin three miles of the shore. Tbe B*6, bee a Vary c ael. iniziry hto the facts of thoe , djvA tAI tke defeadant py the plhatiS 281. fordaiagn laI-, m ut -Ihis vaeuel detained. i o four -ot.
I UNIPYER1STY INTELLIGNCKE. DUIR.TN At' & pecial Coramencemenbt, held on the 2a of Septem ber, in consequence of the reeting of the British AzcwItion in Dnblin, the followring degrees were conferred:- DO'trOR OP LAWS (ORDINARy). Sir SAmuel Xt4rcm (Baron of the Stchequer). DocroRs oP LAws (ERONOTkARY). ChOrles G. B. DLabeny, Rgus Profewr of Botany Oxford. John Phillips. Reader in Geology, Oxford. William Tnrto,peon (Cambridge). Profesor of Natural Phl. loephy in the Univeraity of Glagowru Wi.llm Hvpkiias (tlamnbridge). Sir Jobn Raeh-rds,n, B N. Joseph E P.,rtlook, Colonel, Royal Engineers. Janes P. Joule. William J. MaoQQeane Rankine, Profegaor of [Eugineerikq Glasgow. Maj or-General Sir James Chxttrton. BACEIXLOR OF ARTS. Willinm Bradford, Scholar of Trinity College.
MfILrTIA ZXPEZAISZS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TI[ES. Sir,-In my lat letter rendea,voured topointonthowvmue! better the ForeCgn Legion had been treatet Lanu tone uiitiaman. I will now show the enormous expenses that the officers of some regitnentx were pat to during their last emx bodiment; in fact, it is almost impossible for A poor man to remain in a militia regiment. I do not for * moment mean to say that rich men should not enter Its ranks, for it is the height of absurdity to suppose that a rich man cannot do bis dutyas well as a poor one; but I would ive a poor mau who does his duty a chanoe of living. t is true that when the militia wm disombodded the subalterns received six mouths' pLy; but why the captains wtere excluded from participation in this gratuity I have yet to learn Under the old Act of Parliamenta captain was supposed to bo possessed of an inoome of 200E. ayear, bht that Act wra amended, and length of serviee made also a qlalifcation, in order, I suppose, to let in officers of smaller means. I received my commtssion as lieutenant in 186 and obtained my company iz 185, hanng qualified for it under the new Act. Eitherto we had only been out for short trainings, now we were what was called permanently eonbodied. Up to this time the mess had aiwayr been held at an botel and was of course an expensive one. We soon received a notification that our offer for foreign service had been accepted, and at once had to purchase plate, inen, glass, china, &c.-infact, all that would be required f,r the establishment of a regular mess for A regiment serving abroad with a depOt a, houe. In a regi^ ment of the Itne every offioer pays 30 days' pay to thix fund on appointrnent, and the difference of his pay on each. promotion, This having been going on for years enables them to keep up a considerable sum for this purpose always in hand; but, with a militia regiment, the officers then belonging to it had to provide theze things at once, and this alone co>S several hundred pounds; added to this we had to provide barrack furniture, extra uniform, and to pay the nsual regulation subscriptlon to the band. I take the fol. loving account of expenses to be rather under what I paid - lmuonthe'psy,577 dawe.atth.7d.perdism 3 T Dedact ID cme-ta. at Is. S41. in the pound £19 10 0 ,6 dayapaytoweasnuoemzies 31 15 0 , Sdayn' bandbutsriDtion 17 7 6 Untiorm 75 0 0 Bszrdokfurniture. 0 0 0 .. 19;12 6 :£L37 U I So that, after paying absolute expenses-and there ar many others that muight with great fairness be charged-a captain's pay did not amount to ris. aday. I grant that many of these expenses will not occur again, therefore those regiments now called out will begin on better terms than they did when last enroUed, and the lovernment have vwith great fairness called out several that served abroad duriag the late war. It is useless to Lounplatn of the past. I only hope that for the future things may be better managed, and that a captain with a foU company of men will be allowed to partake of the benefits as yet only held out to subalterns, and be permittecd to take thom over to the line. At all events, let us trust that, happily should our present troubles in India be speedily brought to a close, and our services be no longer required, we shaU not, as on the last occasion, be dismissed without a word of encouragement, the men without a shilling of public money in their pockets, and the officers much worse off thin when they entered the service. I make no murmur at the pay. When employed it is perhaps enough to live on, and after all It is not pay that* soldier looks to. During the late. war, when, thanks to the press, all the horrors brought about by official ignorance end mismanagement were knowvn in every cottagee in Great Britain, did it deter men from joining the ranks od our starvig army ? No; for at the end of the waar we hd more men on its strength than at any time since its oommencement It was not the bounty, for that is but a small sum; nor can it be the pay, for a man just enteriug on the prime of life, aud obliged to pass a medical examination to prove himself fit for any exertion, has not much trouble ia earning Is. Id. a day, which is a soldier's pay. No; it is that loyal spirit wvhich alrays Animates the breast of an Englishman-tbe greater the obstacles and danger the more ansious he is to take his share in them. It is owine to this spirit that we have attained our present high position, and at the present time, when we have but few real friends on the globe, it is the duty of those in power to cberish and stimulate that feeling. Let them show that they have the interest of the British soldier at heart; that theT plac more reliance on his aid than that of hired foreigrcrs, and then- Oome the three corners of the world In Arms, A we shAl shoes them." I havo tho honour to be, YnV r nh.Aa-,5 - - A hILITIA CTAIN.
PUtBLIC CONVEYANCES Ih Pou&S,-The now hackney-coach tariff cacne into operation on Tuesday. There is no doubt that it will be found on the whole advantageous to the ptblic, and at the samotimeeqaitable towards the coach. man. You are already aware that the principle of tho now s3 stem is the abolition of the uniform fare for a ride (course), no matter how long, and the substitution in every case of payment by time, according to a graduated scale. The fare for a quarter of an honLr is 90c. That is the smalUest sur, for which a carriage can be taken. Here the benefit to the public, in the case of short rides, is manifest. The old if. faes, for which Paris was famous, ha o long boen abolished, and the carriages at lf. 20c. have lately become so rare that they could only be met with by the greatest chLnce. The minimum fare of a fiacre was If. 25e., and as it was usual to give the coachman 25c. to make even money, one franc and a half wras practically the least sum for which a ride of any kind could be got. I went to-day from the Bank to tho Luxembourg, a very considerable distnce, within the quarter of an hour, although the horse was lame, and paid If., which included a pour-& irc of two sous. I believe the vast majority of rideR wrhich the people take in Paris are not so long as this. Here, then, is a clear economy of 10 sons. The scale progres"Cs up to the first half-hour in this proportion :-.20 minutes, lf. 20c., ;2 minutes, If. 40c. ; 30 minutes, If. bOo. Then every five additional minutes up to the end of the hour costs 5c., and the whole hour is If. 80c., being 5.c. higher than the old tariff. This small gain to the carriage proprietor is, however, much more than set eff by tho advantage to the f.,re who may require a carnage for halm' an hour, or indeed for any fraction of an hour. Formerly, if you wanted to go to two different places in a carriage you wero forced to pay the whole bour, altbough the carriage might uot have bcen kept more than five minutes. Now yon may do half-a-docen commissions, say vithin half an hour. and tho pay nent vwiU bo bat 30 soUs. The throwing the whole Bois de B3oulogneo for carriage purposes, into Paris proper is an immense boon to the public. So also is the half-hour given alter midnight before the night scale of fares commence& Formerly, a carriage home from tho theatre or from an evening party. if taken buta minuteafter12o'clock, cost inexorably 2f.50o, although it might only be wanted to go into the next street. Now, aLl the hotels in the Rue de liivoli, the Rue Ricbelieu, and the quarter of the Rue de Is Paix, will bo found to be within a quarter of an hour's range of all the fashionable theatres, from which, therefore, foar person. wil be able to go home comfortLbly after midnight for one franc. The night fares themselves re very considerably reduced for short time, but reniain as they were for the whole hour, tho charge for which will stiU be three francs. In every carriage there is now placed a watc, which must render disputes about the time almost impos,iblo. It is a, pleasing novelty to have forced upon your vision-for the watch is placed conspicuously right in front of you-the exacit time which it takes to go in * carriage from one familir place to another. I trast one effect of this may be to teac= Pari?arns habits of punctuality, a virtue in which thby are certainly deficient. Aniong Englishmen tho watch will be a fruitful source of wragers. I fancy that very few amone the oldest inlhabitauts of the Faubourg St. lonor6 i-ould be able to say off-hand how long a fiacre takes to go from the British Embassy to the Bonrsu. In a few months distances in P^ris will be rnappedout iii every man'smindsccording toatime measure. It has been objected to the new system that since the ooachman is paid by tine alone his Interest will always be in direct collision with his duty to his fare, and that we may expect to see hackney coach-horses trained to such a slow trot na to diminish very considerably the average rate of locomotion in Paris. This may seem so at first si.ght, but I apprehend that the largo proportion in vhich tbo first quarter of an hour is p.ld in proportion to every succoedlng live mninutes constitutes a sofflcient guarantee to the public that the jarveys will alarays drive at a reasonable rato. Tho coachman, who, by the vway, is not entitled to k-nowv, when he is told to drive fiom one place to another, whether he will be kept there or discharged, would evidently be a loser in the long run if ho were to drive at a perversely slow pace. Instead of spinning out a ride for the sake of the snial pay for every additional five minute, his interest will be to get rid of his fare quickly in order to tako up another, who will pay in the vastly incremad ratio due for the first quarter of an hour. This will be more especially tho case in wet or hot weather, when carrie are in good demand. The thornT que*tion o extra payment (pour hosre) to the coaohman is left in an unsatisfactory state. The pablished regulations state indeod that he is not entitled to any, but this amounts to nothing, because he never was. There is no announoement placarded within the carriages that pour-boir-c are abolished, and I take it for gTanted that they will invsriably bo paid. ft may take aome time before custom fixes anything like a uniforem nt. I take it for grauted that for the quarter of an hour fare of ON a pour-boire of 2 eous to make up If. will be sufficient. For longer time there will be no rule. Of oeureo thJs coachna will never have any change, and probably in nae6t ew he will get eve, Inoney-tliat is to my, either lf. 30 Se.n, or 2!. The ew txrlff does tot apply to the betbt et% of breugbwamek?iewna twitmros de 7tJC, wliA& wiU enftiue as heretere to odarge If. 75c. the eeur, and 2f. ae hor. I mpeA however, that if tke proprioew et tbeee teard doustl ewwer their fares teebett Moe tiiq will loe a pt del of businemu.-Daiy Zws.
LONDON, FRIDAY. SPTEMtBER 4 1857. From the commencement of the fearful struggle in India it has been observed in how many respects it resembles that other contest which only two years ago was engaging the wvhole power and mind of this country. That resemblance is nowhere so strong as in the position we occupy before a large aid weU fortified city, amply supplied with all the muiitions of war, and receiving continual reinforcements; while we are ourselves at the same time besiegers and besieged, for many months reduced to be the latter rather than the former, continuY]y attacL-ed on our right flank, even menaced in .ur rear, and quite content if we can hold our eround till tho arrival of succours from home. In - 'nie respects there is a difference, happily, in our F.L% our. Thetnumber of the existingfoe is by no means R(o considerable as in the other instance, or as the Frglish imagination may have pictured it. An ."numeration of every regiiment, every irregular i ody, and every contingent, does not give more than 80,000 actually in arms against us; and of these it does not appear that there are more than 15,000 in Delhi. To that city, however, lhi mutineers wiiU stiU continue to gravitate, so lonng as it -will serve their conunon cause; and, if t . y are not swelling the defenders of Delhi, it svill only be because they are worse employed. What we have to do is, on the whole, a very similar task to that which we performed at first so indif. fereatly, and at last so effectually, in the late war. The latal seven miles from Balaldava to Sebastopol, which then baffled our arms, is represented in this Instance by an inland journey of nearly a thousand miles. Of course, it will be attempted to supply furtl er reinforcements from Bombay and the Punijab, but the communication between Calcutta and Delhi must be restored at all events, and this may be taken as the measure of our difficulty. It is a route on which we must ever expect to be n olested, and on which we have to do a good deal of execution of as important and pressing a character as that to be done at Delhi. Indeed, there iS no point of this thousand miles in which we can af'ord to be anything less than absolute masters of tht ground. Our ascendancy along this line being Siilly maintained, we shall have so mauch the lea to fear for the rest of Hindostan. Tnat this ascendancy will be established, as in the former instance, and that before the end of the year we shall have broken the neck of this conspiiaoy, we enztertain no doubt. It is only a question of will, and the will has been now shown. As fast as a deficiency is ascertained it is supplied, and thim vrwy day we have to announce that the place of the treacherous native Artillery, Engineers, -and Cnvalry is to be supplied from home. A large amount of these branches of our sevice, together with four more regiraents of Infantry, is to embark as soon as transpet is ready. aut the more numerous the reinforcements despatched the greater reason there is to baware lest all owF eflbrts should be marred by the want of some :,imnple provision that had only to be thought of, Mnd it might have been supplied long ago. l--, then, for the communication. It is done chiefly by steamers of various capacity and draught. Hitherto the troops seem to have been forwarded as fast as they arrived, but at the last date there had not been arrivals on the scale now to be expected. Is there a sufficiency of steamers for the purpose ? When we read of two or three hundred men being packed like herrings on board a small steamer under a hot sun, or being slowly tugged ,behind a steamer in a flat, we are led to apprehend that we are not so well supplied with river steamers as we ought to be. There may be casualties. There may be unforeseen emergencies requiring additional steamers on the Hooghly itself. We do not mean merely the possible and actually projected attack on the shipping by the Sepoys at Calcutta, but such contingencies, for example, as risings at Benares, at Patna, at Moorshedabad, and evon nearer points. The greater difficulty, however, is where we lose the aid of steam. A beam is no stronger than its weakest part, and whatever number of steamers we can place on the Ganges the means of transport come to a limit in the unfortunate circumstance that at a certain 'ooint not only every pound-weight of baggage, but even men, must be taken overland for some hundred miles. They are drawn in carts, always described as rude in the extreme, by bullocks, where they can be had, if not, by Coolies. Here the carts seem the only tbing within reach of improvement. If these fabrics are the best for the purpose, in spite of their roughness, then we must let them alone; but if better carts can be oonstructed in this country, then it is only a question of contract, and any number that the Company may choose to order could be put down before Christmas at the highest point reached by the river steamers. We venture to make this suggestion because it certainly is remarkable that the great line of communication between Calcutta and the North-Western Provinces should be dependent on the same means of transport, to all appearances, that were employed against MAnBMOUD or TimouR. Were there any such Indian records as those once sculptured on marble in the halls of Nineveb, and now in our Museum, no doubt we should see the very same equipages, the same cut of wheels, axles, poles, and framework, as are now employed to carry our Grenadiers and Highlanders to Delhi. WVlhatever the moral and national difficulties we have to contend with, and they are great, it certainly does seem a pity that at this time we should not have mastered the mechanical ones. We now feel the want of railways. There was no insurmountable difficulty in the way of their introduction along the great routes twenty years ago. But it is only just now, after London has been lighted with gar near half a century, that a street has been lighted with it in the great city of Calcutta. As the late war went on we found it necessary to liberate our soldiers from colonial stations, by supplying their place with Militia Regiments. We presume this can be done now to an equal extent. The Mediterranean, indeed, has already sent a fair contribution; the four regiments stationed in Canada are to follow, and orders have been sent to advance several regiments from the Cape. Meanwhile, as we have before informed our readers, fifteen Regiments of Militia are to be embodied. No doubt, Ha MArExsTy's Government wish to announce no more than they are actually proceeding to carry out; but we are under no such scruple, and therefore conceive we may insist on the military spirit of our country as an inexhaustible resource. We believe that in England, as in Rome, as in the original Norman race, and as in our forefathers at a much later period, every man has something of the soldier in him, and only waits to have it called out. Nine men out of ten would be glad of a certain amount of military training. They may not be ready to sacrifice their prospects for the purpose, their trade, their connexions, their little holdings, or their thoughts of domestic happiness, but, so far as they can combine these things with a little soldiering, they are quite as ready as in the days when every farmer's servant and every town prentice carried his bow. Whatever political objecetions there may be to a general acquaintance vwith arms, we presume they may occasionally be overruled; and, if they ever may, surely it is at a period when we find it necessary to have and maintain for a time an army of 80,000 men in India. It is idle to expect that less than this number will be equal to the work. We need not suppose that the conspiracy has extended to the whole of Hindostan, nor need we throw any hasty doubts on the loyalty of the Sepoys and other troops who still adhere to us. This is not simply a question of conspiracy, nor yet of loyalty. The soldier of all countries loves licence and plunder. He usually endures autbority as a necessary condition, but still a drawback, to his trade. The sack of a city is one of his day dreams. He has only to feel authority shaken and discipline optional, and he finds himself at once master of the situation-a wolf surrounded by sheep. He need, then, have no enthusiasm one way or another; no opinion of any kind; no plan, no thought beyond the place and the day. All that he knows is that his comrades a few stations off have packed off their officers, divided the contents of the military chest, and are living in wild enjoyment. There can be no doubt that the prospest is fascinating, and if the reverses of our arms should promise not only present freedom but future impunity, the soldiers of the Bombay and Madras Presidencies, and not less those stationed in the wealthy provinces of Bengal Proper, would have great difficulty in resisting so seductive an opportunity. They may prefer us to any other master: they may wish success to our cause ; they may even deplore anarchy; but if they see it coming they will be tempted to make their best out of the harvest. The work to be done is not merely tiding over a difficulty, nor yet merely the return to a former position. We have to put the whole frame of Indian society on a new basis. Better securities must be taken for those whom we leave in a degree of independence, and we must be more select in the choice of our friends. We can no longer allow every little chief and every pretender to have his little army as a matter of course, his stronghold, and his artillery, injurious in their very appearance, and therefore, in fact, to peace and the British rule. The fact of so consummate a villain as NxmA SARB having long held a castle, with fortified approaches and heavy cannon, but ten miles from one of our principal stations, is only to be excused on the supposition that we never felt ourselves quite strong enough to deal with such cases as they ought to have been dealt with. This gentleman would not have been admitted to the society of Cawnpore, and visited in his den, had there not been many such personages. The whole class must be weeded and revised; and if, on adequate grounds, we conclude a native Prince to have forfeited his throne, and depose him accordingly, we muxst carry out the sentence with no half-measures. Much of thix work wil have to be done at once, and can only be done with a strong hand. An overpowering force will be necessary. Such is the work which presents itself at the termination of that long vista of battles and sieges which Indian authorities tell us must last till next April or May. According to precedent, they predict one campaign, but a long one. Then comes the anxious settlement, the award to aervice or to crime, compensationB an( penalties, the prohibition of cherished usages, and many an example to mark in Indian eyes who are the real rulers of Hindostan. This will require the presence of the whole of the force we are sending; we must finish the work with aa many men as we begin with; and for that purpose shall want all the reinforcements the approaching winter can aupply.
The advocates of a Church Establishment often think it necessary for their argument to prove that religion cannot get on without it-at any rate, that the ministers of religion cannot calculate on anything like a decent support except by this plazi ;'and their argument is, that men care a great deal about their bodies, but very little about their souls, and therefore that they will pay their butchers, balzers, grocers, and the rest who xupply food for the body, bricklayers and carpenters who build a shelter for it, and doctors who cure it when it gets wrong, but that they will not pay clergymen for attending to their souls. This is the approved argument to be found in Toinm's Th7eology, that orthodox summary of the credenda and agenda of Christianity. There is some shrewdness in the argument, because it is not to be denied that the world shows a tendency in this direction. But this very shrewdness is perhaps its fault. It is too shrewd; it makes a clergyman bargain like a huckster with his flock, and exhibits him as inspired with almost too keen and mercantile a sense of the peculiar deficiency of his wares,-the disadvantage under which he labours as a seller of spiritual commodities, as compared with his neighbour in the next shop, who sells temporal ones. The spiritual trader knows that his merchandise is of rather an indefinite, intangible kind; that the buyer when he has been served will be often apt to think that he has got nothing for his money, and that under this impression he will turn round and stoutly refuse to pay for the article. Upon this calculation of probabilities our shrewd dealer in spiritualities is even with his sl'ppery and scornful customer; he demands payment beforehand, which being pocketed, he thinks-and here too he -will probably not be far out in his calculation-that he will be able to rely on his own good temper for bearing with tolerable equanimity any hasty and unjust reflections which may be cast upon the quality of the article thus sold and paid for. The argument for the absolute necessity of Church Establishments, runs up, when unfolded, into something like thlis train of calculations, and, as we say, it's fault is that it is too shrewd. So keen a foresight of an unfavourable verdict often arises 1 from an inward confession of the justice of it, and so acute an estimate of the world's value for spiritual commodities almost amounts to a sympathy and agreement with it. An enthusiast who really thought that his spiritual merchandise was of inestimable value would be apt to make the mistake that others would think I the same, for we involuntarily endow other people with our estimates and impressions. This cool expectation of depreciation is almost itself depreciatory, and suggests the comment that the seller has himself no exalted idea of the value of his own wares. The orthodox prelate whom we have mentioned, for example, did not, perhaps, in real honest truth, think that he had anything very great to sell in that way. It was quite natural, then, that he should feel a little solicitous for his money betforehand. He would not let the world cheat him; nor did he, in fact. He was quite a mateh for it, and came off, we need not say how triumphantly in the bargain. And he would have the Church an equally successful bargainer. It was all up with her unless she got her money beforehand; she would never got it after. This is the ultra anti-voluntaxy theory, and it is refuted by plain facts. We are fully alive, of course, to the great advantages of an Establishment; most sensible people in this country, and not a few among the Dissenters themselves, are so. That is at present a sttled question, at least with those classes which ultimately control the affairs of this country and give the cue to Parliament and Government. But no advocate of a Church Establishment at the present day, however strongly he may see the benefits of it, will talk of the voluntary principle in the way in which our old orthodox self-styled Church champions talked of it. If he does, he must simply set himself in opposition to the plainest facts. He must deny the Christianity, not only of our large Dissenting bodies at home, but of the whole United States, and lastly of our own colonies. With respect to the latter, the Bishop of MY.LBOURN%s letter in our columns yesterday is a valuable witness. He says our clergy in that colony are now getting fair and adequate incomes, enough to support them, though those incomes come entirely from the vo7untary gifts of their congregations, and he refers for the truth of this announcement to a regular "statement of the "incomes of the Clergy last year in the Church of England Record for Victoria." ere is a colony, then, certainly under as great temptations to neglect the ministers of religion as any country in the world. It is a comparatively new settlement, involved in the first excitements of mercantile enterprise, and bustling with projects for the subjugation of the difficulties of an infant soil. Roads, bridges, surveys, sales of land, new towns, new villages, new schools, colleges, and universities, new goldfields, new everything, occupy its mind. It is just now tasting the first results of industry and capital, having risen to the luxury, as the Bishop tells us, of handsome equipages, to the convenience of innumerable omnibuses and cabs plying betwfeen the different parts of Melbourne and the suburb;, and to the enjoyment of theatrical and other amusements " on the largest scale." And this first taste of splendour and luxury is not considered very advaentageous in any country to religion and its ministers. Yet in this new bustling colony, so much absorbed in securing its own ground and in schemes for its own improvement and success, the clergy of our Church are thrown entirely upon the voluntary principle, and are not deceived or disappointed by it. It responds to the call-congregations support their ministers. Indeed, if Christianity is true, we must expect this. It ought not to surprise us; on the contrary, we ought to be verY much slurprised if it were not so. Here is a religion which professes to supply an actual want in human nature, so that man feels himself destitute and forlorn without it. Its hopes are his appointed solace under the difficulties of life and the fear of death, and yet we are to suppose that the very persons who believe in this religion will not give what is simply necessary for the external fabric of it, and the decent support of its miisters ! This is the extreme anti-voluntary view, which, as we say, is refuted by facts. It is too shrewd, suspicious, and mercantile a theory; it has too little reliance upon the strength of the religious principle in man, too little faith in the force of truth. It wants confidence and moral courage. Men are not, after all, so bad as these ultra advocates of the Establishment principle make them out to be. They have religious conviotions, and they have a natural sense of justice, and these two combined compose an irresistible claim for the support of a body of clergy. The labourer is worthy of his hire, and the labourer in the field of religion no less than the labourer in the cornfield. It is absurd to suppose that these plain principles can be long overlooked by any society of men who profess the Christian faith. The members of our Church in the colonies may be some time seeing the force of them, for, having been accustomed so long to an Establishment, they are slow in taking in the opposite idea. But that idea must be admitted as the force of custom declines, and it will produce, we have no doubt, satisfactory results.
A trial of extraordinary character, and likely to be fraught with important consequences, has just been concluded in Algeria. So sparingly has public attention been generally attracted to the internal Eaffairs of that African colony that the ParDans themselves appear taken by surprise at the particulasr revealed, and the subject has now for some weeks been discussed with incredible and unceasing interest on the other side of the Channel. It is now almost a twelvemonth ago-that is to say, it was on the 12th of last September-that a public conveyance started in the middle of the night from Tlemcen for Oran, two towns at no great distance from each other in the wetern districts of Algeria. It was attacked on the road by armed men, exactly as might have been the case in Spain or Mexico, and, among other casualties, one of the passengers, an Arab chief of consideration, styled the AGA BzN ABDALLA , was shot dead. Hs widow, who had previously lost three other hus bands, and all by deaths equally violent, raised an Oriental clamour at this climax of her woes, loaded herself with chains, tore her garments and her hair, and publicly demanded vengeance at the hands of the Government. After some ineffectual inquiries the atrocity was at length laid to the charge of a French officer-Captain DonqxAu, who, with some 18 Arab accomplices,was put to the bar at the Court of Azsize atOran to answer for the crime. The proceedings which ensued were singular in tne extreme. The mixture elicited in the depositions of civilization and barbarism, of Arab manners and French administration, of military rule and civil procedure, presents a picture so discordant in its features as to be almost bewildering. The first fact in the case, indeed-that of a boa fide chief of the Desert-the real genuine Sheik of the Beni Snous, having met his death, not on horseback or under a tent, but in the coupe of a diligence, is a suggestive specimen of the incidents which followed. When we say that the principal witnesses against the chief culprit were those who stood accused of the same crime, and that they perpetually contradicted themselves and each other, we shall have said enough to excuse ourselves from entering upon the judicial portion of the narrative any further than to add that a conviction has been obtained. Even the incidental disclosures produced by the trial will not create quite so much astonishment in England as they seem to have done in France. It appeared in the evidence th3t the military Boards of Administration in the colony, at the head of one of which had been Dom-nAu himself, had exercised an authority transcending in its rigour and its despotism even the recognized severities of martial law. Summary executions were spoken of as notorious transactions, and in certain district of the colony the military admi- | nistrator- pronounced their decrees, even in matters of life and death, without so much as the form of trial. We trust we may assume that in no British dependency have the abuses of colonial rule ever been pushed to such a length as this ; but, as we are colonizers by instinct, as we know what it is to maintain authority in countries where life as well as government is to be preserved only by daily vigilance, we can comprehend without difficulty the excesses to which soldiers might be carried when charged with the administration of a territory in which overy man's hand was sgainst them, and that hand well armed. Considering, in short, the character of the Arab population, the position of the French colonists, and the duties intrusted to the French army, we cannot profess to be much surprised that the dependency, when left to itself, without inquisitive supervision, should have yielded such examples of government as were related on this triaL The most notable feature in the transaction we discover in a different quarter. It might have been not unnaturally supposed that in a eountry where the suppression of public information is readily practicable such proceedings as these, involving so many unpleasant disclosures, would not have been suffered to emerge very freely into light. The result, in fact, has occasioned an extraordinary amount of scandal, and the conduct of the military Boards has been severely criticized, not only in ordinary French circles, but in the Cabinet itself. AU these conditions, however, have been frankly accepted by the Government of the ExPMoRo, and the whole case, with all its attendant anecdotes, has been tried, canvassed, circulated, and scrutinized with as much freedom and publicity as could have been commanded among ourselves. At Oran itself the interest created was remarkable. Officers from all parts of the colony were attracted to the trial, and the court was even attended one day by visitors from an English ship of war which had come to anchor off the town. In France the public journals have seized upon the topic with an avidity very intelligible, and the details of the investigation have been placed without reserve before the country. WVhat is of greater importance, this publicity is working out its proper ends, and it is understood that the trial will probably produce a reform of the administration throughout Algeria. We need not aseend the annals of France very far to find a Government under which no such disclosures as these would probably have been permitted. The EmPF.uop, however, has taLen the responsibility of the occasion with equal courage and wisdom. The person inculpated by the researches of the police, though an officer of high professional character and considerable position, 'was publicly arrested and prosecuted; the trial was unreservedUy open; the inquiries of the Court were carried without impediment into all the details of the colonial administration, and the reality of the abuses alleged receives a proof from the resolution of the Government to effect a reform. We are bound, indeed, to acknowledge that not even under our own constitution, with all its machinery for detecting and denouncing wrong, could any case have been more thoroughly sifted, more freely discussed, or more unshrinkingly exposed than that which has just terminated at Oran. It may be anticipated that such an example will produce good fruit. There is no greater political mistake than to assume that publicity is injurious, and that the governed classes of a country should be kept systematically in the dark. The old saying that what is unknown is always great applies with as mach force to demerits as to merits. The actual ) eputation of Algiers is not likely to be depreciated by anything that has been disclosed, while it may be reaeonably assumed that reform will follow on exposure. It was always probable that in a colony withdrawn to a great extent from cognizance, ruled almost as a matter of necessity upon principles mainly military, and still held in some quarters at the bayonet's point, the law of the sword should occasionally predominate in an unwarrantable degree. Men who hold their own lives by hourly tenurz are not likely to set a high value on the lives of others, nor is it surprisiug that an authority despotic in its essential character should degenerate into a vicious form of despotism. The French officers who lived among Arabs and governed Arabs as best they could adopted, not, indeed, justlfiably, but in pursuance of known temptations, an Arab code of justice and an Arb form of proce(dure. Wbat was related of some of them on the trial would, if related of Arab or any Oriental autborities, have been regarded as perfectly natural. The scandal of the French public has arisen from the abrupt and jarring contrast produced by the administration of Tlemcen and the administration of Paris Awhen the two specimens were brought unexpectedly together. The evil was occasioned by keeping the affairs of these comminities so much apart. Had tho eyes of Frenchmen been always directed to the colony, the abuses of its govermment could never have assumed such a magnitude; and the publicity now given to the subject is the best pledge and security for effective reform.
THE ENTENTE OORDIALE. The MImorial Bordelais, in its impregsion of the Slat ult., after a brief summary of the recent deplorable massacres in India, publishes the following appeal to the French people- " All Christian hearts, without distinction of nationality, will sympathize with the sufferings of their brethren in Bengal, and in the other provinces where the rebellion pre. vails, and will be ready to come forth to their aid " But we Frenchnien, who in recent and different calami ties, especially at the time of the earthquake ln Marti. nlque, and at the time of the inundations of 1856, reoeived sauch substantial proof of British sympathy,-we who fought and safflzed side by side with the English in the late Crimean war,-we hold it as our duty to be the first to oome forward to offer help to those of otr friends and allies who are in nisfortune. " We therefore express the wish that a public subserip. tion may be opened without delay to reoeive the gifts of those who are desirous of giving a proof of their sympathy for the unhappy victims of the Indian insurrection. "At the head of this list we doubt not will appear the nameg of the most august persona and of the highest functionares1 Al the notabilitiea of the coruntry will sub. scibe. " Them Is not a town in France which will not make it a Ioint d!honn.eur to appear in the list, aud we need not add that the city of Bordeaux wi figure among the first."
IRBLA YD. (ZROM OUR OWIvW CORIONsqDr I DUIBLIN, THunsDAYy MOR . THE BRITISH ASSOCIArION. The sittings of the neveral sections were brought to a close yesterday, and this morning some of the members of the association left Dublin en route by rail and sea to the Isles of Arran, on the coast of Galway. At 3 o'clock on Wednesday all the leading members assembled for the last time in the new Museum, Trinity College, when the general secretary was caled upon to make a statement of the recommendations which the committee had made for the prosecution of scientific researches and the grants of money whikh it had ordered for their support:- "G General Sabine accordingly canme forward and sid it might be convenient to divide the recommendations of the committee into two clases-the first consisting of those objects for which grants of money were to be made; and, secondly, the recommendations for reports upon particular subjects which did not involve the neoessity of any expenditure of the funds which had been received in Dublin towards the furtherance of the society's labours in the year to come. Differentsums had been allotted as follows:- eaw Observatory, 50l; RL Mallet, Experiments on BArth- e Waves, I.z; Wright, Dredging the West Coast of n I, 101,; Reddie, Vegetable Imports into Sootland,l0; Hevelaw, Typical Fonns of Mluseum, IO.; Mliles, Dredging West Coast of Sootland, 254; Be4 Report on Annelida, 2SI.; DAubeny, Vitalhty of Seeds, 5t. 5s.; Daubeny, Growth of Plants l0L ; Klinuahan, Dredge near Dublin, 104; Patterson, Dredging North Coast of Ireland, 204; Rennie, Production of Bieat, 201.; Thomson, Discharge of Water, 104; llwakelyne, Photography, 10; Voeleker, Manures, 234; Sullivxn, Salts 201 The aggregateamount of these grants was 7801. 5s, and when the estimated expenditurefor the next year was deducted from the sum which the saoCiation hbd received from the present meetng a balanoe of ahout 9001. would remain. (Applause.) General Sabine then prooeeded to read the recommendations of the oomsattee for which pecuniary grants were not required. These were to the effect that reports should be sought from members on the following subjects of interest :-Odlingr-Orgnio Chymnatry- Haughton-Compo6'tion of Bocks- Oldzam-Geology of India; HalidayFamine of IrelLnd - Andrews-Fishes in the West Coast of Ireland; Greene icooid M3edme ; Kin-ban-Crsto of Dublin Bay. Directions had adso been given to have the following papers printed :-Plsrr-OnsomeTranrfonntione, &o.; Schlagentweit Observations on Indi- Barlow On :uspension Bridges; Vignoles-Onditto rve On Aebraic Couples; Grubb-On lescopes General Sbine then proceeded to red dthe recommendation of the general committee upon subjects of general scientific interest The first was as follows :-Resolved, 'Tht itls of groat importance totepr of science that the magnetic obsorvations that have een established with the sanction of Government In many colonies, and have already added so much to our knowledge of chymistryandmagneti sbonldbecontinued; and that, the association oonsidering it desirable for the attainment of these objects to obtain the co-operation of the Royal Society, a committee be appointed, consisting of the President, Rev. Dr. Robinsont nd General Sabine, for that purpose, and to take m conjunction with them such steps as shall be thought nec ry, including, if it be thought desirable, an applition to Parliment. That an application be made to Government to send an s epedition wo the Mackenzie River to explore the magnetic phenomena with special reference to magnotic storms. That Lord Wrottesley and Dr. Robinson be requested to exresE to the Board of Trade the desirableness of estabuMshinr anemometrical observations in the islands of the Atlantic. The next recommendation was one that he was sure the meeting, more particularly that portion of It which had I listened to the interesting lecture of Dr. Livingston, would hear with great satiafaction-it was, ' That the preddent be o requested with other gentlemen to apply to Government to send an expedition to explore the Zambese River, with the view of eatering the interior of Africa by that route.'" (Applause) The following appropriato proceedings took placeI in Trinity College "An 'Autumn Commencement' was held in theExaminstion-hall of Trinity CoUege yesterday, for the first time since the year lg3B, for the purpose of conferring degrees of the University on several distinguished members of the British Association, as a mark of respect to that body gezerally. At 12 o'clock the Vice-Chanoellor and the Provost, in their full robes of office, the FeUows, scholars, and other members of the University, wearing the academic dress, entered the Examination-bail in procossion, and took their places at the up,er end, which was crowded by ladies and gendlemen. While the several members of the university were taking the places assigned to them, Dr. Stuart, who presided at the organ, performed several appropriate musical seloctions. The gen- talemen upon whom degrees were to be conferred occupied seats at the left of the Vice-Chancellor. They were-Professor C. G. B. Daubeny, late President of the British Alsociation; Professor J. Philips; WilllamHopkins, F.R}S.; W. Thomson, F.R.S. ;J. Rich rdson, LD., .R&S. ColonelJ. E. Portlock; J.P. Joule,F.R.S.; G.M. Rankin, Major-General Sir J. Chatterton, Hlon. Baron Martin, IL Leon Foucault, member of the Institute of France; Herr Sobhagentwest, and Professor Rogers, of Boston, United States. All these gentlemen, with the exception of the last-nLined three, wore the sarlet gown of the LLD. of the University. The Vice-Chancellor rose, and said that, in the absence of the Chancellor of the University, he felt great pleasure in exercising the powers vested in him, in conferrig the honorary degrees ascorded to the distinguished members of the Brittsh Association now present. This distinction was intended by the University of Dublin as a mark of honour and respect tovards the great mon who had not confined their talents or learnIng to any particular country, but had exerted them for the beneft and enlightenment of the entire human race. The degrees about to be conferred by the Univeraity on these members of the association were meant directly as distinctions well meritad by those to whom they were granted and relatively as tributes of respect to the ilUstrious body generaUT of the British Asooiation. (Cheers.) The new musenm, which had been the subject of general admiration, had furnished ample accommnodation for the mestings of the several sections, and it was highly gratifying that the first use to which that building hadi been applied should have been so closely allied to the noblest interest- of sdence and art by its being made the scene of the recent memorable and interesting proceedingsof the British Association. (Cheers.) " The Vioe-Chancellor having concluded his address, the intended recipients of degrees were called forward. "Professor D'Aubeny, Professor Philips, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Thomson Colonel Portlock, Mr. Joule, Mr. Itankin, Major-General Sir Jamos Chatterton, and the Ron. Baron Martin came forward in succession, took the customary oaths of allegiance, and received the degree of LLD. M Leon Foucault, Elerr Schlagentweit, and Profoesor Rogers of Boston, came forward together. They did not wear the academic drew. * The Provost said that by an old statute it was renderel neoessary that all persons on whom the degree of LL.D. was conferred should take the oath of aliegiance, but the University was anxious to confer the highest honorary degree upon these three distinguished foreigners. Diplomas heang the sa of the University were then presented to the three gentlemen. The honorati were greeted with enthuslastio cheers of congratulation. " The proceedings shortly after concluded, and the asmblage slowly left the Examination-hall, while the organ pealed forth its most brilliant music." THEL FtJNDS. Three per Cenf t Consols, 90e tt ; ditto, for accdunt dsro of September, 90g 4 3 ;ditto, for new account, 13th of October, 9OJ - New hrae per Cent. Stock, 90O * Hihernian ilnk (Ii5tpaid), 321; MIning Company of Ireland (74 paId), 15, ditto, for cccount,1 . T1 GLAS(10W PoI.YTECHB-rc T-svrrstn-ow.-, This favourite place of entertainment waRS totaUly destroyed by fire on Wednesday morning. The damage to stock and property wiU amount to upwards of 20,0001., and among the articles destroyed was the first steam-engine oonstruoted by James Watt.
REINFORCEMENTS FOR INDIA. The following force is under orders for embarcA tion for India a reinforcements One troop of Horse Artillery. Three batteries of Royal Artillery. Five companies of Royal Artillery. Four companies of Royal Engineers. Three regiments of cavalry. Four regiments of infantry. To embark as soon sa transport in ready.
MILTTARY AND NA VAL INTELLIGEyOg. The 2d battalion of the Grenadier Guards arrived at the Wellington Baraks let evening from Dublin, where they have been doing duty inoe July, 1856 The battalion hax been relieved by the 2d battalion of the Coldsti GU&da from the Wellington Barracks, the battelion hAling embarked at Liverpool, on Tuesday, for Ireland, and not for India, as stated in the " Naval and Military Intelligence" of The Time on Wedneeday. The greter portion of the Colstream GuArds arrived on Tuesday evening in Dublin to relieve the battalion of Grenadier Guards, which will oOCupy its acustomed quarten in London. .Major-General Sir W. F. Williams and staff yesterday =ade the annual inspection of the Royal Artilery batteries, which were drawrn up In reTiew order at 2 30 pm. at the rear of the cantomnent on Woolwich.common. On account of the unfavourable state of the weather the field manoanvres usually attending the yearly inspection were pertally dispensed with. After examining the arms and accoutrements the General informed the men that he would be hAppy to pay attention to Any cemplaints they might wish to make. Nono, however, were proffered. At the termination of the inspection the General expressed hls satisfaction at their appearanoe and soldierlike neatnen and order, and heartily congratulated the ofioers onthe high discipline of the oorps On Tuesday and VWednesday a portion of the 15th Hussars arrived at Ipewich Barracks from the camp at Aldershott, the Royal Horse Artillery ILxing left that town for immediate embartion for India. A troop arrved on Ihe former day, and a squadron on the htter day, the officer in command being MHaor Knox. The head-quarters will be at Norwich, whither three troops are now en roe.- The 8th Hussars and 17th LAncers ar under orders for immediate embarcation for India. The 18th and 9Nth RegL ments are also under orders for the Cape of Good Hope, to Proceed to India, together with the 51t Regiment. All these regiments are on the Irish establishment. The dep4t of the 8d Foot ae to proceed from Templemore to Linerick on the 16th. The dep4t from Limerick went to Templemore yesterday. Captain Kennedy, Lieutenant Saunders, three sergeants, three corporal, and I00 prLvates belonging to the Royal Marlne Light Infantry, left Woolwich yesterday momnng for duty at Chatham. Her Majcety's paddlewheel transport Rhadamanthus sailed from Woolwich yesterday morning for the west, laden with steam machinery for the 90 screw steamship Aboukir, the 50 screw steam frigate Melpomene, and other 1hips under construction at Devonport and Pembroke. Recruiting for the various Indian regiments is proceediug satisfactorily, and salAy upwards of 100 recruits are join. lng the Indian depots at Chatham -xneekly, which number, it is calcnlted, will be more than doubled as soon a the harvest in Ireland and England and the hoppieking are concluded. Yesterday a considerable body of recruits, many of them very fine young men, arrived at the Proviional Battalion from London and the nothen districts Great activity also prevails among the Indian dop6ts at Chathamin drilling the recruits to join the head-quarters of their respective regimenta. The following Indian depotswith the Provisional Battalion have recruiting partes in varous pats of the kingdom :-The 7th (Fusileers), 10th, 19th, 20th, 23d (Welsh Fnsilcers), 24th, 27th (Ennisldilens), 29th, 32d, 35th, 43d (Light Infantry), 52d (Light infantry), 53d, 61st, 64th, 70th, 76th, 80th, 81st, 82d, 83d, 84th, 86th, 87th (Royal Irish Fusileers), and 90th (Light Infantry). In addition to the above recruiting is also proceeding for the Rifle depots removed to Colchester, and the Highland depOts transferred to Aberdeen. Orders have been received at tho head-quarters of the Royal Engineers, Brompton-bArrack, Chatham, for recruiting to be opened for that branch of the service, masons, bricklayers, carpenters, and smiths being much wanted. A depbt company of the 38th Regiment will embark at Cork to-day (Friday) for the campatColchester, commanded by Major Daniell nd Captan S. G. Quicke. The depOt has been stationod at the Curragh Camp. The depOts of the 97th, 37th, 34th, 54th, 66th, and the 2d and 3d battalions of the Rifle Brigad have ganoe Saturday arrived at the camp at Colchester, to be permanently stationed there. The Vulcan stealn troopahip, Commander Seccombe, was wng in Portsmouth harbour yesterday for adjustment of her compasses Her Maijestys steamer Prometheus, Commander Hope, arrived yesterday at Spithead from the coast of Africa. Her dates are as follows:St. Paul de Iado, July 12; Ajnbriz, July 13; Lagos, July 21; Slerra Leone August 13; Madeira, August 2L She brlngs no politica news of any moment, all being quiet along the coa. The fleet was distributed as followrs :-At St Paul de Loando, Her Majesty's steamer Sappho; at Ambriz, the Alecto and the Childers; at Lagos, the {ecla and the Teazer; off Whydah, the Firefly. Her Majesty's steamer Vernvius had arrived at Sierra Leone from England, and ailed thenco for Asoension. Her MAjesty's ship Scoumge, Commodore Adams, aled from St Paul de Loando for the Cape of Good Hope to meot Admiral Grey, June the 18th, thence to Spithead, where she may now be hourly expeoted. The Antelope had taken a brigantine off Whydah with 70 slaves on board, and in the act of shipplng inore at the time of capture. A great number of vessels fully equipped for tho slave trade ar ecruising off the coast evidently waiting a chance to ship their cargoes, but urnder American oolours. On April 16, as the Prometbeuswas on her passage from Lagos toStThomae's she fell in with and captured the Adams Gray, a fne new brigantine, under Spanish oolours, and no papers, wih spocie to tho amount of 4,3M04 sterling oonealed on board, intended for the purchase of slaves. She was condemned a lawful prize to the Prometheus in the Vice-Admiralty Court at Sierra Leone on the 18th of May, and is considered the richest prize ever brought into that port. The Prometheus hs bn remarkably healthy during the whole time of her oommmsaion. She has brought home as passenger Lieutenant Shaw, late of Her Majesty's sbip Myrxmidon; and as invalids, Lieutenant Savory, Her Majesty's ship Alocto* Lieutonant James, Her Majesty's ahip Firefly; and Aasint-Surgeons Turner and O'lalley, HXer Mabjesty's ship Itirmidon. The followrio appominments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-Lienscnant CharlesF. Paler, to the Victory; iJeutenant the Hon. James F. FitzcL,renceto the Valorons; John Hrayden, midshipman, to the Pelorns; Kiondal L. Cos to the Dlademt
COURT CIRCULAR. BALMfORAL, 8mr. 2. Iler Majesty the Queen ana his Royal Highneo tfbe Prince Consort, with thoir Royal Highneines the Princess Royal, Prinoess Alioe, Princem Helena, Princess Louisx, and Prince Arthur, witnessed the sport of leitering in tho Doe yesterday morning. Lady Churchill, the Hon. Flora Maodonsld, tho Earl of Clarenden, Maor-Gener&l the Hon. C. Grey, And Colonel the Hon. 3. Pldps were lilewise preent. Her 9ajeaty and the Prince were joined by her Royal Highness the Duchoss of Kent, from Aborgeldie Castle, attended by Lady August, Bruce and Lord James Murray. In the afternoon Her MLje,ty and the Prinoo Consort, acoompaniedf by the Princes Royal drove over Cratliiebridgo and Along the nortb side of the Dee, recroeting the river by the Invercaeld-bridge,and returning home through the Balloch Bhuie. The Royal dinner party in the evening included Her Royal Highnes the Dncheas of Kent And Lord James Murray. Lord Panmure left town yesterday for Brechin Castl.
RECRUITING FOR THE ARMY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TITES. Sir,-On readingyour "S ilitary and Naval Intelligence" of Tuesday I fid that "the following depots of Bootoh regiments-the 42d, 72d, 74th, 78th, 79th, and 93d-arc to be quartered at Aberdeen ," and that "Colonel Moodie, R.B,, hba been to inspect the socoamodation the barracks at present afford, and that there is no doubt that the barrcks must be enlarged or others built." When I saw the above it iatantlr ocurred to me that the barracks at Dundee (than whieh there are none more healthy or convenient in Sootland) re at preeent empty. and have been so for more than a year. Dundee in a town of about 100,000 inhabitanta, of a labouring populatioo from which recruits for the army are inTriably drawrn Would it not be better, therefore, to divide tbeee depOta, as the accommodation at Aberdeen is qyite inadequate, and by sending the half of them to Dundee the eonntry would be aved the expense of new barracas at Aberdeen and the halnce of getting recruits, which lithe immediate object in view, be incraed in a preat deee I may mention that dutrin t e lst war with Russ, w en the depd of the 93d lay in te barraks of Dandee, that regiment got upwrards of 500 recruit in a single year. I am. Sir. veer obedient servant. OBSBRVER. Dundee, Sept. 2_ LAxcAmsiz AD C ms li vTroW1 As. SOCTATioNS.-The aftuaI excmin&tion of nlambeb in te LwLcashire and Cheshire Association of Litermry indMeebnics' Insfftution8 baing been oompleted, Lord Bronghbm is to distribute the priZee at hnchester on Thesdgy noxt, wben his lordiihip wil bo one vi8it to the Art Treasures Exhibition.
SECOND EDITION. TEH TIMME3OFFICE, Friday MollilW. THE DUCHY OF HOLSTEIN. (BY ELBOTC AND IxTErNATIONAL T8LF.xI&rH.) We have received the foUowing telegraphic depatch from H-aburg, dated the 4th inst.:- " In the sitting of the Holstein Chamxiber, on the kd inst., the Commision reported that it considered the situation of the country critical, anld declared itself unable to discuss the new Constitution before having secured the independence and equality due to Holstein in the Danish monarchy."
EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday (Thursday), 6 p.m.:- With the Cortes scattered and the press fettered, intrigue reigns paramount in Spain, aud the fate of a Ministry depends on the breath of a Palace favou rite. Letters from Madrid up to the 30th August give curious sketches of the present state of things there. The favourite of the day, at variance with Warvaez, does his utmost to overthrow the Ministry, which has disappointed him in the aflair of tho waste lands at Barcelona. A complication of causes has hitherto prevented his attaining his end. After much hesitation, the Cabinet at last consented to send a special invitation to theDuchess of Riauzares to repair to Madrid. Maria Christina replied by a private letter to her daughter, in which she said that she should have the greatest pleasure in being with her at the period of her aecouchement, but that she neither could, nor would go to Spain while the Duke of Valencia was at the head of the Government. This reply, coming in aid to the Palace intrigues beforementioned, might well have determined the fall of the Ministry but for two reasons. One of these is, that, among the various Ministries proposed, one only would be disposed to accept power from the hands of its present dispenser. Their friends say that in such repugnance they are influenced by motives of decorum and dignity; others pretend that thev hold aloof only because they believe that power thus acquired would be but of short duration. Whatever the reason, Cortina, O'Donnell, and Bravo Murillo (the last-named is now in Paris) show no anxiety to assume the reins of Government under present circum stances. The only combination whose members would not be deterred by such scruples or doubts is one devised by the King and agreeable to the favourite. It includes Senor Nocedal as President of the Council, Gonzales Bravo, Mlayans, and others of about the same standing as regards ante cedents and respectability. The inventors of this notable Cabinet are afraid, however, to carry out their project, seeing well the scandal it would occa. sion-for it has got wind, and the comments and sneers it has excited startle even those best accustomed to the licence of speech the Madrilenos allow themselves on such topics. The second reason why Queen Christina is not likely to go to Spain is simply that her daughter, whatever her professions, does not uish it. Ail Queen Isabella's demonstrations in a contrary sense are mere grimaces, wherewith she deceivea Christina and threatens Narvaez-a double game, deceiving all, setting all at variance, and enabling her to act ar-cording to her own fancy alone. Strange as it may seem that she should not wish to see her mother, there appears little doubt of the fact. Her reasons are various; she does not wish to resume the leading-strings in which Maria Christina formerly held her, but prefers going alone, and thinks herself quite able to do so. She does not like the sort of rival court her mother held (and would doubtless again hold) at her mansion in the Calle de las Rlejas. Finally, she fears lest the mother's unpopularity should augment the daughter's discredit. One reason more there is-as the daughter stml persists in her mad project of absolutism, while the mother is about to publish a manifesto in which she will present herself as a sort of champion of constitutional liberty, this forms a motive of political division between the two Queens which before did not exist. This appears to be the present political situation in Madrid. One more curious feature is to be noted. The unluckyProgresistas, finding themselves anl abroad, without either leaders or army, have actually, in despair of a chief, turned their eyes towards Queen Christina, whom they so lately desired to bring to judgment and severely punish. Their present wayward bent is no secret, lncredible though it may appear. The question is discussed openly in their newspapers, and the PenTmina, a very Progresista journal, constitutes itself the champion and defender of the Princess for whom, a year or two ago, its present writers and supporters could not find epithets sufficiently expressive of their contempt and detestation. It is stated that the interview between the Emperors of France and Russia will take place about the 27th inst., most probably at Stuttgardt, and that Count Walewski and Prince Gortschakoff will be present at it. The Empress Is expected to join her husband, on the 20th September, at the camp of ChAlons, and to proceed thence with him to Germany. Prince Napoleon is on the point of leaving Paris for the Pyrenees. The Emperor of Russia wiU leave St. Petersburg, it is said, to-morrow, will visit Warsaw, Berlin, Darmstadt, and thence proceed to Stuttgardt. He too will be accompanied by his Emupress. The French Government has instructed its Representatives in foreign countries to disavow the Muratist proclamations which have been distributed. These proclamations, however, have pro duced no edect in the kingdom of the Two Sicilies. The Mlinister of Marine has received despatches from Hlongkong to the 12th July. They announce that Admiral Guerin had despatched two ships of war to protect MI. de Montigny, the French Consut at Shanighai, whose person had been threatened. A letter from Turiin speaks of a considerable improvemei.t in the relations between the Governments of Piedmont aud Rome. The Mini.oster of the Interior has addressed a circular to the Prefects, instructing them to recoinmend the establishment of asylums for invalid operatives throughout their districts. The 1'refect of Police has commanded a general inspection to be made, in pursuance of the law on unhealthy habitations. The King of Sardinia returned to Chambery on the 1st inst., from Culoz, and thence he proceeded to Aix, where, on the 2d, he laid the first stoneof a new thermal establishment. HisMajesty was received with warm acclamations by the inhabitants of Aix, and by a number of strangers sembled there for the occasion. The national guard were drawn up in great force within the town, and performed a sham fight with the troops from Chambery. One of the corner stones of the building has been hewn from a fragment exploded the day before at the Mont Cenis tunneL On the morning of the 2d inst., the Englishpresent at Aix, presented the following address to King Victor iErmanneL " Sire,-The subjects of Her Majesty Qoeen Victoria whom God presei Be, sojourners at Aix, avail themselves o- Your Majesty's visit to this beautiful province of your do. mnions to offer the warm expression of their cordial and respectful homsge. " On so auspicioas an occasion, whea Italy Is to be wedded by a link unknown in past history to the great communities of the West, when iron supplies the wand to opeu a nevr 'golden era,' wve should be slike wanting to our. selves and to out country were we to refrain from expressing our share iu the general joy of the present, and from ao. claiming the great future which awaits the conquests of industry and peace. " The number of our countrymen that resort to the baths of Aix augment from year to year. The reputation of these health-giving thermes, upheld by an unbroken tradition from the time of the Romans, is oven now on the increase, from the countless cures, many of which are wrought, M it 'were, daily, under our own eyes. " Hitherto two serious obstacles were opposed to the unlimited diffuslon of the benefits of these waters-distance and the imperfeet means and appliances of an eatabHlshment unsuited to the wants of a more refined age. Your Majesty now remedies these defects by laying the ceremonial stone for the tubuler bridge of Culoz this day, and that of the new thermal establishment of Aix to-morrow; the latter, under the guidance of attainments of the highest order in the engineer and the architect, cannot fail to prove one of the first of its kind in the world. " I The ceremonies of these three successive days (for ever memorable in these valleys), at which, in te.timony of the interest felt by France, an Imperial Prince assists, are labours of a kind to shed lustre on an entire reign, rnd are alike honourable for the sage straightforward Milnister that conceived, and for the King zealous for his people's good, that executes them. " Sire, this is not the first time that the applause of our fellow-countrymen has followed the wise measures of your siajety's Government. Our most fervent pryer now. thae your Majesty's rergn may be greatly prolonged, so that by f t firm and sustained action of a generous, loyal, and courageous administration it man serve as a bight example and a nobleencouragement to the glorious clSic landof ltaly. " Casino, Sept. 1, 1857. " Long live the Eing." The Three per Cents, closed to-day at 67L. for the end of the month, and the Fzour-and.a-Half per Cents, at 93f. 35¢.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,430f. ; Great Northern, 868f. 75c.; Strasburg, 677f. 50Oc.; New Shares, G65f. ; Paris to Lyons and the Moditerranean, 882f. 50c.; Western of France, 722f. 50c. ; Bordeaux and Cette, 635f.; Great Central of France, 612f. 60c.; Lyons and Geneva, 672f. 50c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 890f.; Austrian Railways, 643f. 75c.; Roman Railways, 497f. 50c. Russian Railways, 612f. 50c. CounXs As tiqu-PAWs, Sept. 3.-ash Prios.- Four-and-a.Eslf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 35c. 50c. 2jc.; Three per Cents., 66f. 80c. 75c. 80oc. 70c. Wec.; Bank of France, 2,775f. ditto (27Sf. pad), 2,775f.,; Cr6dlt Fonder, 555f.; ditto Obigations of 500., Four per Centsa, 428f. 75c. 427f. 50c.; ditto Three per Cents., 3871. 50oc.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 87f. 5W.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 80f. ; Credit MobWier, 89Sf. 890f. 905f. 895f. 890t. 887f. 6Oc. 885f. 887f. 50c.; Discount Bank, 667f. We.; Piedmonte8e Five per Cents., 89f. 75c.; Rtomans, 86;j Haytian Loan, 560f. Esxchange on London, at sight, paper, 2SfL 22.oc.; money, 25f. 173o.; three months, paper, 241. 87.io; money, 241. S6c. THE CAMP AT CHALONS. The Emperor addressed on the 1st the following order of the day to the troops assembled at the camp of Chalon:- " Soldiers,-I have assembled you here, under my com. mnand, because it is useful that the army should derive from living together in a camp the same spirit, the same discipliine, and the same instruction. But the Guard, therefore, as a picked corps, should the first, by its con. stant efforts, maintain itself in the rank assigned it by its old traditions and by its recent services on the field of battle. The Romans, says Montesquieu, considered peace as an exercise, and war as the appUcation of it; and, in fact, the sucoesses obtained by young armies are, in general, only the result of serious studies carried on during peace. I en tertain no doubt that officers and soldiers wil endeavour to co-operate with zeal In the object which I have thus in view I recommend to the one a paternal severity, to the ethers a necessary obedience, and to all good-will and a rigorous attention to appearance. This last-named quaUty is the respeot due to the uniform, and the uniform is the emblem of that noble calling of abnegation and devotedness of which you ought to be proud. Let us not forget that every obaracteristic of the army, commencing with the colours, represents a moral Idea, and that your duty is to honour it. This camp, therefore, wil not be a vain speotacle offered to public curiosity, but a serious school which we shall know how to render profitable by continual works, and the results of which would be evident if ever the country should stand in necd of you. " NAPOLEON." AUSTRIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPoNDENT.) VIENNA, SEPT. L The Ministerial Oesterreichische Correspondenz thus makes known to the world that the Moldavian elections were annulled by the Porte, at the request of all the parties to the treaty of Marcn 30:- " On the 27th of August, Prince Kallimaohi, the Turkish Ambassador at this Court, made known to the Government of lis Majesty the Eniperorthat the Sublime Porte, having noted (aAt ,rehrnend) the communications received from the Vienna and London Cabinets, issued orders that the Moldavian elections should be annulled, and that new ones should take place in 15 days from the time of the receipt of the orders relating thereto. ' Similar communications have also been made to those Governments whose representatives, in consequence of the recent difference, had broken off their diplomatic relations with the Porte. " The latest intelligenco from the Turkish capital is, that the representatives of the States above alluded to have renewed their diplomatic relations with the Porte, and hoisted their flags on their respective residences." The Moldavian Secretary of State ad interim has published in the official paper the following article on the subject of certain confidential letters which, about a fortnight since, figured in the columns of almost all the leading organs of the press:- " Several newspapers have published letters relating to the Principality of Moldavia, which were stolen from the Kaimakan, Prince Conaky-Vogorides, and not lost by him, as the persons who received them asserted. The contents and text of the letters in question were greatly altered in the publication, and the undersigned Seoretary of State ad interim has therefore been instructed by his ExcelUency Prince E.aimakan, formaUy to deny the authenticity of several phrases which were invented by a small party that does not heitate to calamniate most respectable persons, in order to make them hostile to the Klaimakan. "A. PHOTIUS, "Secretary of State ad interim." Many persons still deny that the Russian Government is concentrating a corps d'caTme lu the south-west of the kingdom of Poland, but it is a positive fact that large bodies of cavalry have recently marched from Lublin and Radom towards the Austrian frontiers. On the 20th of last month powerful detachments of Russian artillery also entered Czenstochan and Kielce, which last place is close to Cracow. It is not, however, probable that Russia meditates any breach of the peace. Her object is to keep Austria In check, and to prevent her interfering too much in the affairs of the Danubian Principalities. It is extremely difficult to obtain any positive information as to the state of public feeling in the provinces, but it is credibly related that the Nationalities begpin to lift their voices again. At the end of 1851 a " Cabinet Rescript" was sent by His Majesty to Prince Schwarzenburg, who was then Minister-President, ordering him and his colleagues to establish certain " organic institutions" without any delay (ohne ale Ver-zdgerung). Among the organic institutions mentioned in the Imperial Rescript are those which concern the municipalities and communes, and the estates (representation) of the various provinces; but six years have now elapsed, and little more has been done in the matter than to revive the Lomi bardo-Venetian congregations. The Hungarians complain that so little has been done for their nationality, and the Bohemnians grumble because nothing at all has been done for them. It was genecally believed that the Emperor would sacrifice the walls of the inner city for the benefit of its inhabitants, who are necessitated to pay rediculously high prices for their shops and apartments, but information has reached me that some of the senior military authorities are opposed to the plan, They declare the ramparts to be a necessary defence against any popular movement that may arise in the suburbs, but the younger geueration of engineers is of opinion that detached forts in a commanding situation would answer the purpose infinitely better. On the 26th August a case was tried here the details of which are carefully kept from the knowledge of the great public. A somnambalist, a woman belonging to the lower classes of society, was arrested on the charge of havinig given offence " to a Church recognized by the State." When in a state of real or pretended " clairvoyance," the woman ridiculed ihe dogma of the Immaculate Conception, dec1ared the worship of the Holy Virgin and the saints to be idolatry, and urged the persons around her to remove fiom their rooms all 3mges of saints. The Roman Catholic clergy would fain have had an example made of such a dangerous offendsr, but the public prosecutor proposed that the woman should be examined by the physicians of the lunatic asylum before sentence was paseed by the Court. The report returned bythe medical men was such that any further judical proceedings were quite out of the question. The following statement of what not long since occurred near Graz, the capital of the province of Styria, will serve to show how Protestants are now treated in Auatria by the Roman Catholic priesthood. ITst November a Prussian, with his wife and two children, emigrated to Croatia. As the poor people did not get on well in Croatia, they resolved to return to their native place, Hirschberg, in PrussanSilesia. On their way back the woman fell ill and died. The corpse was conveyed for interment to Eirchdorf, near Bruck, but the parish priest re. fused to permit it to be laid on the bier in the charnel-house, the deceased being a Protestant. The body was eventually deposited in a barn belonging to an innkeeper. On the 8th of December the widower requested the sexton to dig a grave fcr his deceased wife outside the walls of the CAtholic churchyard. The man commenced operations, but the priest again interfered, and refused to allow him to prepare a grave for a heretic. The end of the matter was, that the afflicted husband was obliged te dig the grave himself. On the 9th of December the Prussian and his two children left Kirchdorf. The innkeeper of the place was so indignant at what had occurred that he gave a piece of land to the Protestant community for a cemetery, and a wine merchant near Graz had an iron crucifix with a stone pedestal put up at the head of the poor woman's grave, with the following inscription:-" Here lies Juliana Wache, of Hirschberg, in Prussian-Silesia. This was erected to her memory by Joseph Pottinger, a Catholic." On the 5th of April the Protestant burial ground was consecrated by an Evangelical pastor, but on the 18th of July the Roman Catholic priest desecrated it by pulling down the iron crucifix. An appeal has been made to the Stadtholder of the province, but no servant of the State can now with safety venture to censure the conduct of a servant of the Church. At tbe Statistical Congress, which met yesterday, 26 States were represented. England, France, Russia, Belgium, Tarkey, &c., sent delegates, but Prussia was not represented. Some fair speeches were made in French and German, but the whole affair was extremely tedious, as the Minister of Commerce, who acted as President, always made his communications in two languagesFrench and German. Several Ministers and other notables were present, and among the rest Count Buol, who chanced to leave the hall just as the Russian delegate began to speak. The Northern Bee will perhaps consider this an in tentional slight to Russia, but such was not the case. The Austrian Minister for Foreign Affairs had an appointment, and quitted the Assembly in order to keep it. A castle plague, the Mil-brand (mortification of the spleen) has made its appearance at Rozmital, in Bohemia. Fifteen of the cattle attacked have died, and a person who was so imprudent as to eat some of their flesh has fallen dangerously ilL The Cocaglio-Bergamo-Trevizo Railroad will be opened by the Governor-General of the Lombardo-Venetian kingdom on the 7th inst. The King of Belgium, who is on his way to Lombardy to see his daughter, the Archduchess Charlotte, quitted Baden, in the duchv of the same name, on the 26th August. The cholera is at St. Petersburg. On the 22d Aupust there were 104 cases. The temperature varied between 59 and 81 degrees Fahrenheit. We lea,n from Constantinople that a Russian squadron Is crui'lng off Anapa. There is also a steamer lying in each of the seaports on the Circassian coast, and, consequently, Sefer Pasha is unable to get the ammunition and weapons which he purchased at Constantinople on shore. PRUSSIA. (MMoat oUR OWN coRusPoND ) BERLIN, SxEr. 2. The Deutsch1e AiUgemeine Zeitung publishes a letter from Damascus, dated August 5th, in which it is stated that the sen of an English merchant there, named Whyte, whose fortune is estimated at 2,000,0001., had at his own expense raised and equipped a corps of 30 Europeans, with whom he had the day before set off to join the British forces in the East Incies, as a volunteer, together with his "following." The course they had taken was inthe first instance to Beyrout, to embark there for Egypt, and to proceed thence to the East Indies. The uniform in which these volunteers have been clothed is very similar to that of our Rifles. They have, however, been armed with the fowling-pieces they were accustomed to at home, and also carry yatagans. Mr. Whyte's Adjutanu and Quartermaster is a Mr. Finn, a relation of the English Consul of that name at Jerusalem. He is described as having formerly served 12 years as a Company's officer in Bengal, and as a man of middle age and of athletic stature. Attached to this little expedition is a Swiss surgeon of the name of Buchmann, who lately served as Assistant-Surgeon with our army in the Crimea. With the exception of the above, the force has been raised exclusively from the working classes, and consist of 21 Britons, six Italians, two Frenchmen, and two Greeks; and these modem Paladins trust to reach the seat of action early in this month. In the middle of last week the Prince of Wales left KSnigswinter, on the banks of the Rhine, where his stay, which was originally fixed for one month, has be& prolonged to nearly two, and proceeded up the Rhine. On the 27th August the Prince visited and inspected the fortress of Ehrenbreitstein, and the KCaiser Alexander outworks, accompanied by Sir W. Codrington and his suite. On this occasion the commander of the fortress, as also the Ober-president of the Province of Rheineland, paid their respects to his Rtoyal Highness; hitherto, during his stay at Konigswinter, the Prince's incognito, as Baron Renfrew, has been strictly observed, and in compliance with a wish expressed by our own Court the various authorities of the neighbouring places had refrained from paying him any unnecessary marks of attention. Early in the morninga of the 28th the Prince left Coblentz for Mayence and Frankfort, whence he started the following day for Heidelberg and Switzerland. Theunusually long continuance of hot,dryweather is causing some singular freaks of nature in these parts by producing second crop- of blossoms, fru7it, and flowers where, according to the ordinary course of economical nature, one has hitherto been thought sufficient. On the other hand, the want of water is making itself felt most injuriously in various commercial and domestic relations. Vessels run aground in the rivers, and remain there by dozens, where formerly they navigated at their ease. The Government advertises for tenders for wood, and gets no offers on account of the constantly increasing difficulty of transporting it by water. Every post brings in fresh intelligence of considerable conflagrations caused by the unusual combustibility of all igneous materials, and in some places the local authorities have found it necessary tv prohibit the use of the publia pumps for any other purposes than the supply of water for drinking and culinary purposes. The public health is suffering extremely from the various prejudicial circumstances produced by the want of water, and the health of the troops now being collected in the neighbourhood of Berlin and Potsdam Is of a nature to suggest the propriety of very much altering and curtafiing the programme of the approaching manceuvres. In the various garrisons an inflammation of the eyes axhibits its- If epidemically, and in considerable numbers render6 the men unfit for duty. The air has become so thoroughly vitiated in the stables of the aavalry that, in nurnerous instances, the horses have had to be removed and quartered in the neighbouring villages. It is to be hoped that this unenviable state of things will quicken the minds of the population to a due appreciation of the benefits to be derived from the ample use of cold water, put into their reach now by thc energy and enterprise of our countrymen, who have erected works here for supplying the town with water, but it is to be feared that as long as the enjoyment of the benefits offered is coupled with an expense of money their apprehensions will remain impenetrably dulll. The Emperor of Russia is expected to arrive on the 14th inst. at Potsdam, whence be will set off again, on the 17th, for the south, to join the Empress, and, together with her, he will proceed to Stuttgardt, to visit the Emperor's sister, the Crown Princess of Wurtemburg. It is here that, according to general expectation, the eeting of the Emperors Alexander and Louis .apel on will take place. It is assumed that the latter wil onoe from Chablons to Stuttgardt, and after returnig the King of Wurtemburg's late visit, will proceed to IDarmstadt to perform the same ceremony by dhu Grand Duke of Hessen. In the month uf October the Emperor and Empress of Russia will come to Potsdam on a visit, on their way back to St. Petersburg. The King's health and strength have not yet recovered the bad effects of his ill-advised journey to Vienna last July, immediatrly after finishing his course of waters at Marienbad. His visit to Erdmansdorff, among the rocky mou ntains in Silesia, which has been productive of so much advantage to him on many former occasions, has been obliged to be given up this autumn. and his exertions have been confined to necessary business that can be transacted at Pot?dam. It is trusted, however,that the present state of quiet and repose which the King has been enjoying for the past month, together with the assiduous use of cold baths in the Havel, will have invigorated him amply for the various public acts that stand fixed for this month-such as the opening of a railroad in the eastern provinces of the kingdom, the inauguration of the coloual railway bridge over the Vistula, the grand manu'ivres, the Emperor of Russia's visit, and the meeting of the Evangelical Alliance in Berlin-an event on-which his Majesty bestows an unceasing and anxious solicitude. SARDINIA. A letter from Chambery, of September 1, gives some account of the arrival of Prince Napoleon on the Sardinian territory:- " The Prince was expected bere ou Sunday morning at 9, and an hour before a body of troops were sent to the railray to serve as a gard of honour. lHour after hour, however paswed away, and 12 o'clock had just struck, when a telegraphic despateb announced that the Prince had not erossed the frontier until half-past8. On the Prince reaching Calozi the place where the two countries join, he was rece;ved on descending from the railway carriage by the Duke de Gramont, French Amba&n,Aor to the Court of Rome, the Chevalier Strambio, Sardinian Consul at Lyons; General Count de Castelborgo, in command of the military division of Savoy; and the authorities of the place, all in official costume. After a short stay, the Pr;ce proceeded to the Coquette ateamer, which was handsomely dressed up for the occasion, the band of the light horse of Aosta playing Pcrtant pour l Syrie. Immediately after, the steamer left the quay, and entered the Lake of Bourget, when it E proceeded to St. Innocent. Thence the Prince proceeded by railway to Aix-les-Buins, where he arrived at noon. It was then that was forwarded the telegraphic despatch men. tioned above. A second message soon after stated that the Prince would not arnive at Chambery before 7 o'clock in the evening. Accordingly at that hour his Imperial Highnes3 was at the station, and after a short delay went on by rail to St. Jean de Maurienne. There the Prince alighted at the Bishop's palace, and the next morning at4 left for Mon. dane, where he joined King Victor-Emmannue to take part in tho oeremony of communcing the great tunnel through the Alps. A magnificent tent was erected at the foot of Mont Cenis, and the King and Prince took their places in it, after which the engineers prepared the mine which was to be let off. As soon as all the prelihnaries had been arranged, the King exploded it by means of an electric wire, and some pieces of the rockwork were removed. The ceremony then terminated; the King and Prince left for St. Jean de Maurienne, which place a despatch announced to us they left at half-past 1L The troops then took up their station along the streets o' Chambery, where HIs Majesty arrived at a quarter past 2. On reaching the pavilion prepared for the occasion, opposite the altar whbre the religious ceremony of blessing the locomotives was to he performed, the King was addressed by the Archbishop of Chambary, accompanied by three other prelates and a large body of the clergy. When the benediction of the locomotives had taken place, the King got into an open carriage, having on his ldt Prince Napoleon, and opposite them the Duke de Gramont and the Cotmt de Cavour. In tho carriages which followed that of His Mfajesty were the Marqnis de Villamarina, the Marquis d'Angrogna, several French Generals, and a number of other persons of distinction. The cortege proceeded towards the Palace, on the steps of which His Majesty placed himEelf to wltnes the filing off of the troops. The receptions commenced immediately after. In the evening the town was brilliantly iUnminated, and bands of music, preceded by torches, parded the streets. The brags plate which is to be placed under the first stone of the bndge at Culoz bears the following inscliption in French -'On the 1st of September 1857, Victor-Emanuel II., King of Sardinia, and Prince Napoleon Bonaparte, lAid the first stone of this brddge, taken from the mountain before Mondane by the aid of ganpowder and the electric fluid, in order to inaugarate the works of a tunnel under the Alps.' Prince Mapoleon gave a grand dinner on Sunday last, at Aix-les-Bains,to all the persons of distinction who were present at the ceremony at blont-Cenis. The Prince had on his right the Marquis de Villamarina, and on his left the Duke de Gramont.
THE INDIA AND CHINA MAILS. (BY ELECTRIC TBLEGRAPH.) SOUTHAMPTON, FRIDAY MORx-MG. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steam ship Ripon, Captain Dandas, with the heavy portion of the India, China, Australia, and New Zealand mails, arrived at 10 a.m. She left Alexandria August 21st; Malta, 25th; and Gibraltar, 30th. She brings 157 passengers, 2,398 bales of silk, and 239 miscellaneous paekages. Admiral Lyons' squadron left Gibraltar for Tunis on the 29th.
ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCES. (FROM OUR OWN CORIESPONDI)rS.) SOUTHAMPTON, FRMOAY, 10 A.M. Wind N.W., thunder showers during the night. Arrived and Sailed.-L'Etoile, from and for Carenton. Wind B. LIVERPOOL, FRIDAY MoRNDvG. Arrived.-Emilie, from Lisbon: Viecays, from Santander; Wasa, from Wasa; Wm. IL Prinz de Nederlande, from Rotterdam; Caroline, from Nakskop; Arena, from Paralba; Annmnius, and Wm. McGowan, from ManzniUa; Marie, from Veile. QUEENSTOWN, Smpv. 3. Arrived.-Atalaya, Herald, Francis, and Wards, from Marseiles; hiodera2ions and Vivian, from Odessa; Royal Sovereign, from Valparaiso; Politema, from HavanabhEdward John, from GJirgenti; Brothers, fromr Montevideo; San Spinidione and Remembrance, from Galatz;- Wmn. Barber, from Odessa; Juliet Erakine, from St. Andrew's; Ibeber, from SeviUe; Knora Sprauza, from Constsntiaople. (BY V BA A-D BRI-sIISH TMLEGR&a) GRAVBSEND, FRmDAY, 9.30 A.lM Wind S.W.; tide two hows' flood; weather fine. Arrived, Sept. 3.-Favorite Laps, from St. John's, New. fouudiand; Titanla, from St. John's, New Bronswick Guiseope eeoonda, from Odessa; Scholfield, from Quebeo; Saboriia and Racer, from Leghorn ; EUen, Lively, Alma, Wheatsheaf, Belweaser, Reliance, Lucy, Aliwal, Ann, and E3clipse-aU from Grernsey; Eden, from Porto Rico; Mrs, from G.enoa; Emerald, from Antigua, Sailed, Sept. 4.-Forence, for St. lelen's; Atalant%, for Demnerara; Taurus, steamer, for Varel; Lord J. Rusell, steamer, for Dunkirk, DEAL, FRtDA.Y, 9 A,m. VWnd S.W., fresh and squally. Passed.-Her Majesty's ship Diligence, from westwrd, for the river; Charlotte, from Haelva, for Newcastle; Cybele, from Deemerara, for London.
I TIEL LATE GBNERAL BARNARD. TO TER EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have been for some little time looking for some small tribute from Tlhe Times to the memory of one whose name during the last few woeks has been very familiar to the public, and which on thepart of private friends can, alas I now be remembeM i or_y with affectionate regret. I allude to General Barnard; and I am the more induced to offer these few lines for your acceptance owing to what appeared to me a somewhat cold and unsympathizing reference In one of your late lesding articles to his generally-lamented death. I am aware that it is tile province of a great journal to deal with cold and naked facts chiefly according u they seem to bear upon the ultimate issue of the mportaut events with which they are connected, and that kindly express'ions of private feelings you must in consequence too often feel it your duty to suppress. StiUl if I may arguo from a case which occurred the other day, when you liberally admitted some remarks exactly counter to your own, and expressed with some warmth, upon a liming General, I cannot but hope for the extension of the same courtesy to the case of one who is now no more. It may be that while these observations upon a soldier, coming, as they do, only from a clergyman, may, from that very fact, lose any little interest with the public which they otherwise might have bad, they may at the same time, I wlrl humbly trust, in the eyes of some at least to whom the meemory of the late General is dearest, derive also from the same fact their best and only value. I venture, then, as the chaplain to General BarDard's Division in the late war, and as a friend who then knew him for the first time, to mention one or two facts which may not be known to the generality of your readers- as illustrative of his mind and character. Of ls merits as a soldier let soldiers speak. That he was before the outbreak of those appalling mutinies which cost him his life, as regarded any very important active command, an u7ntried man is, I believe, generally known; that he did well when he uas tried has been equally acknowledged; but, permit me, Sir, to refer to one little incident on an unhappy occasion even during the last war which is not 'o generally known, when he also did welL I cannot but recolect how it was the remark of the camp, and the remark of approt al, that General Barnard at least had done well in doing nothing; for if ever it is the strength of a General before an enemy to sit still, it surely was at one moment on tbe fatal 18th of June, when he resisted with unmo. ed firmness the repeated request of the gallant men he commanded to be led in one last and desperate effort against the hopelessRlldan, which his calmer judgment too truly saw could only add to the mistakes and disasters of an already too disatrous day. And, if prudently inactive on that occasion, let it also be remembered how but a few weeks ago, when in front of a second and more hideous Sebastopol, the same General shewed no leu a prudence and firmnesa exactly in the opposite direetion, when, smothering his own kind feelings as well as the counsel of his advisers, he dashed against a threatening outwork of the rebels a little brave, but, as he well knew, exhausted band, without a moment's halt, after a most trying march, and carried it triumphantly. How he was estimated simply as a man by those vwith whom he had to do I will only sy that almost invariably when his name has been mentioned in my presence it has been in nothing less than the language of affection. As an unobtrusive Christian permit me also to state what I believe to be the truth-that he exercised by his example a very wholesome influence in the division which he commanded, that the little Rusian church bell to which one of your correspondents once alluded hardly ever, to my knowledge, invited the surrounding camp to voluntar worship without bringing over the man who was at the head of it daily during the most solemn week of the year, and that to him was in a great measure to be attributed the raising of upwards of 2,0001. among the British army before Sebastopol towards the proposed Memorial Church at Constantinople2 for it was upon a kindly hmnt of his that the chaplain proposed the first general subscription to his division, -which resulted in a contribution of some 2301. in that division alone, and which led to the rest of the army following in its wake. In thus offering you the above observations I can assure you, Sir, that it has beeu with no idea of holding up the subject of them either to yourself or the public as a great man or a great General, and, as such, a severe loss to the army and to the country - but you will perhaps allow me to express what 1 believe will be found to be the general belief-that in the death of General Barnard the former has to deplore the loss from its ranks of one example at least of the high-toned English soldier and Christian gentleman. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant. G. J. B. Colchester, Sept. 2.
A HINT TO GENERAL CODRINCTON. TO THE EDITOR OF TE1 TIMES. Sir,-The appointment of General Codrington to the important duty of attendance on his Royal Highness the Pr.ince of WPales has brought to my recollection an admirable letter of instructions which was draughted some years since by the then Prince Royal of Sweden to Baron de Oderhielm, on being appointed Governor of the Prince Oscar, now King of Sweden. As the General is a novitiate in tuition, this letter might perhaps afford him some aid towards e-ecuting the duties of the relation he now stands in to (mr fintnrp qnvorai,rn ICE DIBN. SepL 2. LETTxR PROM kiS ISOYAL HIOGIN-MS TEaE PRCGE- ROYAL OF SWXDEN TO BAON DE ODERMEILM. "Stockholm, October 1, 1813. "I havo solicited the King to sppoint you governor of the Prinoe Oscar, my son, and His Majesty has granted my request; your merit has determined his choice. " It is for you to form the heart and develope the understanding of my son; his iavourble dlspositiona will ssidst you in that task. By cndeavouring to inculcate in him the customs and habits of this oountry you will satisfy my desire, which is, that his education should be entirely Swedish, and the nation wil be indebted to you for all the benefits which shall result from your attention. "I wish you to direct your vwhole attention to inspiring him with a habit of application, and to teach him to profit by the lessons he may reoeive. " You will strengthen in his heart the sentiments ol religion, morality, and love of the laws and the country. " You will fill his mind with the examples furnished by the reigns of good kings, and you will also excite in his soul the ambition for true glory, which should always have for its object the desire of being useful to our fellow-creaturee, and of oontributing to their happiness " At my son's age the Impressions he may receive will be preserved during his whole life ; you must therefore prevent him from forming false ideas of what is called character; firmness, which forms the basis of the character of a prince, can never be regarded as a virtue except when properly exercised. "It will be easy to teach him that his duty should correspond with the feelings of his hbert when the relief of the unfortunate is in question ; and that his benefactions should bear the stamp of magnanimity, aud never that of cstentation or prodigality. "'The indigent class of society should partioularly excite the solidtude of a prince. I wish my son to be oon. vinoed of this trath. " A prinoe sbould neither be subject to fear nor to suspidion ; he ought not to hesitate the exposure of his own life to insuro the glory and welfare of hts oountry. He should judge without pasion, and with that dignified osbmns which distinguishes good Svereigns. Endeavour, Baron, to engrave these principles firmly in the heart of my von. I intrnt him to your csre at a moment in which he ha docility to receive and strength to retain every opinion con. ducive to the happiness of the Swedish nation. Repeat to him without ceasing that one of the greatest curse with which Heaven can ch rge a nation is to bostow upmn it a welk prince ; that the destruction of States, civil war, and the slavery of the people are generally tho dreadful consequences of the timiditY of Sovereigns; that war is themoat terrible evil that can fAU upon a State, but that tbero are circumstanee In which it is a salutary remedy to recal a nation to energy, to make it resume its ancient character, and to preserve it from the misfortune of losing Its name, by becoming tke provinoe of another emplre; that whe a kingdom is thus mensaed, and cannot avoid disg without having reeourse to arms, the prinoe is no longer master of ils choioe ; he must hazard and undertake al to main. tin the independence of his country; that those ae moments in which the energy of his soul Is developd, aud in which he ought to be mrronnded by men of probity and courage, whatever may be their political principles ; his grand object being the salvation of his country, the true method to obtain it is to prooeed united aginst him who oppresses it " You will teach my son not to place his confidence in tie Indiscreet or the prodigal: tbe former WiM betry hfm from vanity, the lxtter from venality. "BRlgion, history, geography, statistics, mathemati, WvitinDg drawing, and bodiy exercise wl form the basis oE my son's Instractions during two yea, after whish period I shall entreat the king's permision tbat he may puWu another method. "The study of religion leads to that of an amiable and ben6fioent morality; you will itil it Into the mind of my von. " He ought to be aoquainted with the hiory of all n. tions, bur in prosecuting this study you abould make hins direct his principal attention to their goernment and laws and to the iufluenoe of thee upon morals And public happinem, The art oi war shoula moat eentially fix the study of my son, and yoar attwntion. "I. prinoe of our days must be a General; the terrible consequence of opposing a General, responsble towards bis master, to a chief who decides everything for bimsef hrA already been seen; you mast, then early, accustom my C03 to brave the seasons, and exert bis strength, In order that a sedentary life may not hereafter infl'enoe his actions and manner of thinking. " Journeys among mountaius, or mines, swirming, and borsemanship are the exercises which call forth energy of soul, by recalling the idea of wax and of danger, whiolk ought always to be present in order to be famiULr. The study of geography rhould be constantly followed by statistics, and principally those of Sweden. My son must be made acquainted with statistics in the most trfling details, that he may have a just idea of tho resouroes of the kingdom, and Lke prevented from trusting to iluidons dangerous to the people and to hium I desire that thispart of hisinstraction may not be limited merely to arithmetical calculations; as it is necessary that he should underEtand this petfectly, it will best bo engraven on his memory by travelling and by oonversing with the well-informed men of eve"ry ewdition. In to yrovinoe. the peasants and enligbtened cultivators of the canton he may vWisit will aonrey to him notions upon the fertility of their soil, the nature of itb productions, the price of provi. dous, and the taxes with which their lands are rated, &c. In towns the go"ernors will make him acquainted with the general admicistration of their provinoes, and able lawyerx will form his soci sty during his retidcno ; their conversa. tion will serve to .,ivo him an idea of the jurisprudence of Sweden before his age pormits him to dovoto himself to the study of the law. " You must profit by the curiosity whichthe first instractions will excite in tbe mind of my son to oonduct him to every place in which he may have something to learn; by this means you will ronder these excursions a motive, making hiD read both before and after whatever mayrelate tbereto. When he visits shipping bo should be made acquainted with the most celebrated nava battles, and a wellinformed seaman should explain to him the manwouvres which decide the fate of combats. When he may inspoct a fo tress he should be accompanied by an enginoer capable of detLiling to him upon the spot the science of fortifioction and that of the attack and defence of places. .7s may derive from Smith the neces3ary knowledge of finances and manufactures. "The works of Winkleman will gve him a just idoa of the fine arts, and be may be instructed in polite literature by reading the authors the most oelebrated in thbt branch of learning. "The great art of education isto directit to the wisheg of the pupil; you should, consequently, put into my son's hands those books of history in the reading of which he takes the greatest pleaure; he should render an account of what he has read in speaking rather than in writing, for the faculty of speoeh is more neoeseary to a prince of Sweexon than to any other. I therefore think that to facilitate the art of speaking you should invite to visit my son, once or twioe in a week, from 7 until 9 in the evening, some persons of whom you may make choie, and of whose merits you are well acquainted. ' I should wish my son to devote some moments of hW time to foreign literature; be will by that mean lean to distmguish the characteristics of other nations, and to oonverse -with foreigners on subjecta which ae oftenbeyond the circle of a prince's knorlodge. "It now remains for me to fix the hours of my soes employment and his private habits, " He should rise at half-past 7 o'clock, oommenoc his studies at eight and oontinue them until 1L "At 11 o'clock he is to breakfast with his tutors and gentltmen-in-waiting; at half-pxst U he may take sonat recreation, and coontinue it until L " ot Sundays alone you may admit two persons of your choice to breakfast with my son. "From 1 o'lock until 5 in the evening he must continue his studies. At h alf-pest 5 on Sundays Tuesdays, and Thursdays he is to oome and dine with me (every other day be is to dine at home). It is in company and at table that we learn gradually to know men ad to penetrate their characters. The custom of seing company giros ease and grace, and overoomeathat timidity so natural tochUldren oducated in solitude and retreat, and so dangerous to a princo, whom it exposes to become the dupe of a decided and prEumptuous boldness When my son dines with me he will meet in one company all the first men in Sweden, he will bear the conversation of the magistrate, the skilfl warrior, the profound politician, and the laborious administrator. Thus this society will contribute to his instruction without the labour of study. "From 7 until 9 in the evening my son may employ hix time alternately either in paying his respects to their Kajesties at the thoatro or a bh or, finally, in thoso companleg which be Is to rocive once or twice a week, and of v;hiclt I have spoken to you above. "He ought always to retire to rest by 10 o'clock My son wil thus labour seven hours every day; this time appears sufficiunt for his age. It remains for you, Baron, to determine on thbe:ature of the studies which should oocupy each hour, coforming to my desires in orhat should form the instruction of my son. "One of the subjects of which I should have spoken to you before is the tender respoct which my son ought always to bear towards the King. In no circumstanoe whatever should he have any wish which dous not correspond with Hls Majesty's; the chief end of al his actions should be to adorn the old age of His MaIjesty, and he should con. stantly bear in memory that no repentanoo can ever compensato for the slightest offence he may give to him. " I seize with pleasure, Monsieur Baron de Oderhielm, this opportunity of renewing to you the assurance of those sentiments with which you have inspired me siao we were acquaintod, and I pray tbxt God may take you to lis holy care, and bless your laboura "I remain your very affectionate, "d caARLESJ lA.N,"
ThE RAjLwAY COLLISION AT WAATCr.-Tho inquest respecting John James, Houry Gileg, and George WilliLms, who lost their lives by a oolllsion on the West Somerset Railway on Saturday week, was conduded oa Tuesday evening. An account of the accident has appeared. in ihe 1Ys. Yr. R. Hopkins, C.R, stated that the deceased, Mr. James, was an engineer of long experience, andI had been employed on various public works at home and abroad. He produced satisfactory referenoes fromn his former employers The engine-drivers wvere appointed with his (Mr. Hopkins) approval, and they wero bound to obey the orders of Mr. James. If contrary orders were given at the same time by the contractors and the assistant-engineer, the engine-drivers were bound to obey the latter. It did sometimes happen faat an engine went on the district of anotber engine, and then the engine-driver, on receiving a caution from the signalman, was bound to stop. It was the duty of the engine-diver on this occadon to stop, and after he was told to do so, he ought not to have gone forward, except by a superior order. Alexander Mosnsmnn, the driver of the Watchet enine, deposed that be left Watchet a littlo before 4 o'clock on the afternoon in question with two trucks of coals for Road. water. Davis, a sawyer, Shaddiok, a carpenter, Abraham Parmer, a time-keeper, and Perry, the stoker, were with. himonthc e wine when he went up to Wahford the last time with ballast; and Buckingham, the tipper, asked him how many times he was coming up again, Witness said he was coming up another time, and if the other engine should oome there, desired him to tell the driver to stop until he (Mosaman) came up After he started with the coals he went on safely, and dMi not hear the other engine until ha came to Kentsford, where there was a sharp curve overshadowved with trees. Ho shut off the steam, reversed the engine, put on the steam the other wray, and gve directions to the stoker to put on the brF and be)o;'e he could sto p the engine the collislon took place. William Thomas, the driver of the other engine, stated that he left Roadwabtes with the engine nd a truck eontaining men and boys a little p 4 o'cock. The de. oeased, Mr. John Jamee, Mr. G. Willis, and several others were on the engine. At Wsahlord theystoppdo account of the signal-flag held up by Gibes, Buekiigh was standing by, and warned them that an engina ws expected up. Olles alsO told them the ame. 3Mr. James consulted with Giles, and then tod witness to go on, as tbey would be in Watet before the other engine started. He told Mr. James he had rather not go on - the deceased said he must, as he was bound to be in Watchet, and the other engine seed not come up at all. The ju2y, after deliberating about an hour, returned a verdict of " Manslaughter against Johni .Jamee s in the cans of George Williams and Henry Gilbs; and that " the death of the said John James was caused b; his ownx culpable carelesneas, in persisting that the 1 . water engine should prooeed when the other engine to his knowledge ws expected uip from Watehet." Tie jury ap. pended to the verdict the following: "Th"jury eot -reprate without expsing their earnes sre that i future more care ny exered en the of X englne-drivers; that so zns.y persons should no XPemttedto, ride on the engines; aud~ that grster cautioss should be usedi by the autbosnties in raferenee )o theiWtet3' of tChe - publie at crossings and other p)te on the.line!' Mz. . Munckton, the coroner, handed a cop~y of the foregoing addition to Mr. Browvn, who promised izomedlasely to comn municate its contents to Mlr. Rice HopkiDns the chief ensgineer, who, hel had no doubt, wrould see the wishes of the Iry fully carried out.
AMERICA. ON.-- 4.ZnTTIP?.---,, - ThetUnited States' mail steaship Fulton, Captain Wotton, arrived in Cowe,s roads this morning, with advices from New York to the 22d ilt., being two days later than those received by the City of 1Baltimore. She brings $100,000 in specie for Londoa, eight passengers for Southampton, and 87 for Havre, for which port she proceeded after distmbarking her English mails, &c. The screw stearmer Jason arrived at New York, from Southampton, on the 21st. During the voyage the Fulton spoke the followilig vessels :-August 22d, a screw steamer going into Neew York; 23d, at 2 30 p.m., in lat. 40 46 N., loiug. 69 2 W., the screw steamer City of Washington, steering to the westward; same day, at 3 p.m., the packet-ship Asbburton; 25th, at 10 a.m., in lat. 45 N., long. 59 30 W., the Cunard steamer Halifax; 26th, at 3-30 p.m., off Cape Race, the Collins steamer Atlantic, for New York; 28th, in lat. 50 12 N., long. 41 20 W., the Ounard steamer Africa, standing to the westward; September 2d, in lat. 49 b0 N., long. 7 26 W., passed the English brig Savannah, of London. A mass meeting was convened in the Park at New York on the afternoon of the 21st in behalf of the destitute Filibusters, which proved a faUure. There were btut few persons present, and only $11 sub~cribel for their relief. Another meeting was to be held on the following evening. The Secretary of the American Navy had deternmined to shorten the cruises of national vessels from threo to two years, by which means it was expecl ed more efficient seamen would be induced to enter the naval service. Considerable excitement had been caused at the `st. Nioh1olas Hotel in ciusequence of the discovery of defalcations to the amount of $20,000 on the part of one of the entry clerks in the establishment. The accused was arrested, and remained in custody, awaitiug an investigation. 1nteDigence considered to be reliable had been received at the Interior Department at Washington to the eflect that Brigham Young was preparing to resist General Harney on his entry into Utah, and that he continues to hold up the United States' Coverunment to the contempt of the Mormons. A telegraphic despatch of the 21st, from Boston, -ays:- " laqrs. Edward C. Bates and Co., merchants of this c&ty, Pro reported as supended, with liabilities to the amouDt of half a miWlon of dollars, and assets to nearly the sarue Piount. They have beern interested largely in the sugar trade. The faiure will not affect the Cunard Steam. ship Company, for which they are the Boston agents. It is also reported that Messrs. Blanchard, Sherman, and Co., c<mmission merchants and shipowners of this city, have suspenued pa3ment in consequence of the failure of B. C. Bates ind Co. Their liabilities are said to be half a million of dollars, and tkeir assets about a quarter of a million." It was stated in a letter in the Republican that the 5th ald 11th Regiments of United States' Infantry, lately arrived at Fort Kearney, had lost nearly 500 meat by desertion. Mlr. J. C. Brayman, editor of the Chicago Demo c)at, Nvas arrested on the 21st ult. for robbing the post-c ffice drawer of money-letters, which were found in his possession, and was held to bail in $0,00sl to await his trial. Havrmnna7a advices to the 18th of August had been received at New Orleans by the steamship Cahawba, but they contained nothing of importance. A despatch from Washington of the 21st says :_ " The accounts concerning the appearance of the cotton crop in various parts of Louisiana continue bad. A bale .,f new Florida cotton was received at Savannah on Wed. nesday, and 270,000 bushels of new wheat have been received at Aug4ista within the last 20 days." Adv-ices from La Paz, Lower California, to the 1st of J tiie, had been received at New York. Several r:ch mines had been discovered, but there was no capital in the country to work them. During the last year the territory had had eight different goveiuors, and the last one appointed had refused to ac( eot. A party of revolutionists which had been :-entenced to serve in the array in Lower California re-belled against their officers. La Paz was for a short time the scene of a fight with them, but they had succeeded in escaping into the interior. The local authcrities were under fear of some Filibuster invasion froim California. The Kctw Yo(rk ilerald publishes an elaborate and interveting document, occupying four pages, illustrat ive of the progress of electric telegraphic science, ( mbr;cing not onl7 ; the past history of the Euro; ean and American telegraphs, but also a statement of the proposed connexions, African and Asiatic, which at no very distant day will complete the chain of electro-communication round theglobe." it ap,ears front this 8ketch that of overland and submarine telegraphs there are eompletkd and in progmrts of construtioD at the present time,- TUnited States verland . .. 33,000 miles. Svu'b Americ (overlad) . ... Igo0 Europe (overland) ... .. ... 37,900 lrn'ia (overland) .. ... ... 5,000 Submarine (Europe and America)_ 950 Total . .. 78,350 " " Tlh. agregate," rem arks the Herald, "will be in. creased 1,70t miles tly the completion of the Atlantic Telegrsph. Of the European and Indian tolegraphs not inore than from 6,000 to 7,000 miles of the Ines comn. * enced ale unfinished, and the next six months will pro. S ably s e them all in operation. In the estimate of the A nieri A.: telegraphs above given none but the lines actuaUy rompl ted are included. The 950 miles of submarine lines ,re ahl fiinished. Tluis statement wviU ensble us to form Fome id ea of the irnmediate as well as prospective results to whicb t!e successful completion of tho Atlantic Telegraph will lhad. Within a fortnight from the present time, leavit.g out of the calculation the Indian and European lines whicb are unfir,ished, we may anticipate that the cable which is now being laid from Europe to Newfoundland will p4..ce in counexion nearly 80,000 miles of telegraph. [Of course, the news of the acoident to the cable had not ae this time reached New Yorkl. By n!mns of the subbmarine cables across tho British Chanm el we shall then be able to communicate with almost every capital in Europe, and, if necessary, even with the Cm miea. The inhabitants of St. Petersburg and Mos. cow, "ell as those of the southern capitals of the European cot, tiz ei t, will in their turn be enabled to transmit messages To all Tbe principal cities of British North Am nerica and the United states as far south as the Gulf of Mexico. These are the imminediate resultsa on which we may reckon. Btt, :astin; our Iye over the lines in construoion, or which are prcjec x.1 with a reasonable prospect of execution, the mind loses i-ldf in the contemplation of the vast revolutions to which they must lead in the political and commercial relatioins .f the world." At New York, on the 21st ult., notwithstanding an active marl;et, the tendency of prices for railroad stoclks was still downward. At the first board New Yorlk (eutral Railroad fell offi per cent.; Erie, J; Reading, J ; Michigan Central, 2 ; Michigan &outlc rn, 1; ditto, New, Preferred, S ; Galena and Ch:c. go, i; La Crosse and Milwaukie, 2. Cleveland a'nd Toledo advanced 2 per cent.; Chicago and Rock I slaud, 2. Pennsylvania Coal opened at T3i, and closed at 72M per cent., with sales to some extent. Cleveland and Toleda opened at 43, and closedi at 44i per cent., cash. It sold as high as 45i, buyers, 30 days. MichiganSouthern,Preferred, opened at 56, and sold dowu to 53 per cent. New Yorkl Central Railroad was steadily settling down. Ene opened and closed very heavy. The transactions were principally for cash, and a steady decline was realized from the beginning to the end. The sales of cotton on the 21st were confined to about 50) bales, 200 of which were i7t trassitu, Miiddling uplands were quoted at 156c., and middling 1New Orleans at I6Qo. Flour was dull and irregutlar, and some descriptions closed at a further declnte ot about Be. per barreL Wheat was heavy for co-Cmmon and ordinary grades, while prime was uinchas ged. Among the sales were about 3,200 hatshela of new fair Indiana red, received by the Erie Railroad, aind the first of the season from that State, at $ 1 45c. Prime oldlllinoiswinterredsoldat$1560c. new Southern red at $1 55c. to $1 57c., and new a,hite good to prime at $1 76c. to $1 80c. Corn was in good request, with sales of Wester mixed at 85c. lo 856e. Pork closed firm, with sales of mesa at $25 75c. Sugars were without change of moment in p4iices, The sales embraced about 1,000 hhds. <.f Cuba muscovado, at 8-ic. to 10*c.; 50 boxes of Havapah, at le. to lijc., and 400 ditto, at p. t.; and 436 bags of ladagascar sugars were sold at 7kc., at six months. The sales of coffee embraced 900 bags of Rio, at 11ic. There was rather mc re doirNin freights, especially to Liverpool and London. To the latter port resin was taken at 2s., and 3,0O barrels of apirits of turpentine at ls. 9d. ler 2801b. Whisky was Sasier, with males of 1,000 barrels at 28c. and 28Wc. NNW OELAXr, Ama. 2L Cotton slghtly 4he. Sle to-y 250 bales, at 16. to 15cO. for MiddMg Si of the week, 680 bals. Reouil thb wek, 4O ba. 15,000 Names J *te$a Au p..* to the time as eompate4 with *Me lo t yesAe7 1d 250,000 bale1agv5e Soo at 4 .* oethmt pe fal acort 5 t = W fdl gir 0,00. YAt dalU &Aa i Pork firm, at $25 per barreL Cotton freights to Liverpool, id, and to Havre, 1c. MOBILE, AUG. 2L Cotton.-Sales of the week, 730 bales; receipts, 200 bales. We quote middlingatibic. to 156. OHICAGO, AUG. 21, 6r.M. Flour quiet. Wheat inactive. Corn slow of sale at 71c. Oats dulL Shiprments to Buffalo.-No flour or wheat ; 33,000 bushels of corn. Shipments to Oswego.-No flour or wheat; 25,000 bushels of corn. BUFFALO, AUG. 21 6 P.M. Flour lower. Sales 600 barrels, at $6 to $6 25c. for superfine Ohio ; $6 60c. to $6 62c. for extra ditto. 'Wheat lower and active. Sales 30,000 bushels at $1 25c. for Milwaukie Club. ; $1 28c. for red winter Ohio ; $1 30c. for red winter Michican aDd Illinois; $1 37ic. for white Indiana; $1 40c. for white Michigan; and $1 45c. for white Kentucky. Corn dul. Sales 18,000 bushels, at 74c. to 75c. Oats in moderate demand, at 66c. Re dull, at 87Ac. Whisky lower. Sales, 400 barrels, at 25c. per gallon. Freights unchanged. Corn lOei. to New York. Lake imports for the 24 hours ending at no.n to-day 3,000 barrels of fleur, 48,000 bushels of wheat. Canal exports, 6,000 bushels of wheat, 00,000 do. corn. OSW13;O, AUGa. 21, 6 P.Mr. Flour unchanged. Wheat.-Sales, 3,000 bushels Milwaukie Club at $1 42c. Corn a shade lower. Sales, 20,000 bushels, at 77c. to ',7ic. in etore and afloat. Freights dull, at 34c. for flour, 10c. for wheat, and 7ic. for cor, to New York. Lake imports to-day, 29,OO0 bushels of corn. Canal exports, 1,000 ,000 bushel of wheat, 16,000 bushels of corn. Shipped to Montreal, 3,300 barrels of flour. ALBANY, AUG. 21, 6 P.m. Flour inactive. Sales only to the retail trade. Wheat quiet; only small sales at $1 62 for good Mediterranean. Small parcels now sold on private terms. The first arrival of new barley was received to-day from Monroe county; it was sold to arrive. Corn dull at 84io.; sales, 14,000 bushels. Wool.-Sales,7,0001b. fleece, at 42ic. for common medium; 2,5001b. lambs, at 40c., and extra pulled at 47Zc. Shipped last night, 20,000 bushols of corn.
THE TRANSIT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir.-A notice appears in The Times of ye8terday stating that the Transit had got on a rock in the Straits of Banca and had been abandoned by the troops, who landed on a small rook but afterrards safely reached the mainland. This occurrence is stated to have taken place off Cape Oclar; the bearings arenot given, nor the distance from the shore. There Is no suoh point in the Straits of Banca as Cape Oclar; it is, therefore, most probable that this misfortune ocourred off Tanjong (or Cape Oular or Oolar), near Iintow, at the north-west extreme of the island of Banca, whioh has rooks projeoting three or four miles from it. There are several large rivers wvhIch fal into Banca straig on the Sumatra side, which influence the currents, more espeoially when there have been rains in the interior, which are prevalent in June and July, and which may account for the position of the ship when she struck. This inquiry is, however, qufte apart from my purpose. I wish to draw attention through the medium of your columns to the qualities of ships of the class of the Transit for the transport of troops, under such circumstances as she has been unfortunately placed iu. In a discussion on the transport of troops to India last July, I stated my objection to the employment of iron troopships in my place in the House of Commons, and I most truly and sincerely trust that this disaster, ocourring so soon after, will induce Sir Charles Wood to take the sub, jeot into his most serious consideration. Allow me first shortly to advert to the strildng manner in which the loss of this ship bears out my view, and then offer one or two sug gestions on the subject. If It had been possible to select a spot where a vessel could have been run ashore with a good chance of holding together long enough to enable the cre vand pas. sengers to save themselves and their effects the position of this unfortunate ship was that one, The Straits of Banoa are at aU times as still as the Solent; the wind, if any, would be light from south-east, off shore; but most probably at that time of the day dead calm; and yet we learn, that so rapidly did the water gain upon them that the troops were hurried out of the ship as soon as the boats could be got into the water. If this was the case of the Transit in dead smooth water, what would have been the effect of a surf ? Why, simply this, that we should have lost a regiment ; nothing earthly could have saved them. Let us, therefore,be thankful to Providence that this disaster occurred where it did; and let us further hope that it may open the eyes of the First Lord to the defects of iron troopehips. The question now arises, are we driven to employ such ships? I say we are not; we ha ve the remedy in our own hands. Henceforward we must dismiss the delusion that we can hold India with native troops. The bubble has burst,-not sooner than nmany of the most able men in India expected; but burst it has, with a vengeance, and we must prepare for a new state of matters, During the winter months troops may be carried through Egypt with safety and comfort, but we must look to the Cape of Good Hope as oar main route. What I would recommend is this:-Take such ships as are not intended to be converted into screw line-of-battle ships; take the upper deck off the three-deckers. leave the two-deckers as they are; reduce their masts to such proportion as may be found most suitable for sailing them with their guns out, ba31ast them with water-tanks placed in such positions as wil counteract their tendency to roll, and we might have 20 of the finest transports in the world, roomy and airy below, with large upper decks-such ships as Prince Regent, Rodney, Formidable, &c. These are the ships to carry troops out serviceable. Each ship fitted with a small high-pressure engine, only to be used in light weather or calms, and the usual track to India to be taken. No short cuts on any account. By keeping the beaten track, and by a judicious use of steam power, the voyage wiU be performed on an average of 75 or 80 days, -quite fast enough for comfort, and a soldier's time on board ought not to be unprofitably employed. If such a class of ships were created, carrying a post captain and 300 men each, with a sufficiency of gum for exercise, it would add a reserve to the navy of the most important character; and if the loss of the Transit has any influence in producing such a result, she wiU have done more good in her generation than her warmest admirers could ever have hoped for. I remain. Sir. Yours most ohediantlv J. D. H. BLPHINSTO6K- Logle Elphlntone, Sept, L
CIRCUMLOCUTION AGN] MA.NAGMINT.-During the late war I was despatched to the East, together with 39 other persons, on a sort of irregular service. We were on pay for about 15 nmonths, and we cost the country in that time something like 40,0001. There were certain phenomena of our brief corporate existence that some of us attributed to jobbery, and even the most indulgent of us to neglect. For eight months we were not employed, and should have been recalled. Our nominal head spent the liberal stipend of his office in St. James's, and oeaupied himself with some reforms in the management of his club. Our storekeeper could not produce his original invoices, arid property to a large amount was left to be wasted wittiout oheck or responsibility. The official arrangements for our rations, our pay, our transport from place to place, were characterized by recklessness, wastefulness, confusion, ana mismanagement, such as we have never seen paralleled. But we felt our own insignificance; we knew what great affairs required the attention of the executive, and we could scarcely wonder at the scant notice we received. So, when numbers of a certain book reached a certain town in Asia Mdinor, and were there discussed, we agreed that the Circumlooution-office was bardly used We bore united witness to the personal courtesy with which we had been treated in the neighbourbood of WhitehalL But, still, Penny related how tbree youn gentlemen of prepossessing personal appearance had been nopelessly unable to spell the classical name of the steamer in which he voyaged. They conslted together, made various guesses, tried the look of swveral phonetic readings upon scraps of paper, anel at last applied to him, before they could accomplish " Bacchaote." Twopenny mentioned that he was ordered to join a certain steamer at Deptford on a certain day. The vessel -was detained in the river for fully a week afterwards, and the authorities on shore would not condescend to explain the cause of the detention to the captain. They told hin he was watint for orders-for their orders, that was to say; and intimated that his inquiries were inproper. At length he mollified clerk by the gift of a superlatively good cigar; and the following dialogue took place :-" Why is it that you keep me here?" "Captain, if you must know, we are keeping you to reoeive a small lot of medioine stores for Malta." o ,Indeed I How many packages, ?I "Six." "Where from 7" "Green and Watson's." "In-. deed,' replied the captain, dryly, "they were the first goods I shipped, and they have been in the hold these three weeks." The olerk upset a stool, and rushed into the offioc of his superior. The captain thought he heard mention of the name of Lindmay. At all event,, the clerk retuzned quickly with an order to get up Jkam and to be off with all speed The anahor waarwqigbisdin anhour, and Twopenny narrowly uesped being left bekint. Gfoat sd that when his trww; poti aneore in the Gold= He=rn icy wore haib*d by a iWe ,Ai% 4d uked wlkvA ~-!o "- kwou*i le Bw ad pork, was llk. seww. TVAXTht Mr I lee fewi ,*oe*i i t rat ' ue grit hei$t th otsv,yhs ko ei I i ui petl?rM GiN .4e~ llik* duIaUwa twe ma0 is e.aqjmg ataiapZe,Di,,'. flas$ehds4 17. r .
A1ONEY- MABKRandITYIZTBLLIGBNCB. Thursday Evening. TheEnglish funds opened this morning at a decline of more than an eighth, and remained without much animation throughout the day. The first quotation of Consols for money was 903 to i, and, after a temporary recovery to 901 to J; they left off at 902 to '. For the new account on the 14th of October the losing price was 911 to t. The rate for short loas on Government securities was 4 per cent., and from the September to the October settlement it was * to 5. The general transactions of the day were unimportant. New Three per Cents,.were quoted 9151 toi;TIndia Stock, 210 to 212; India Bonds, 20s. to 16s. discount ; and Exchequer-bills, 6s. to ls. discoulnt. A slight relaxation was notified at the Bank today-namely, that advances will be made until the payment of the dividends on approved bills having six months to run. Hitherto only three monthse bills have been taken. There was an active demand for discount to-day both at the Bank and in the open market, in preparation for to-morrow, the 4th of the month. In the foreign stock-market the transactions have been rather numerous, but prices show less firmness. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated at 10 h and 102i; ditto, 1829 and 1839, 102; Danish Five per Cents., 99 and 100k; Ecuador New Consolidated, 14; ditto, Land Warrants, 3]; Granada New Active, 22; ditto, Deferred, a; Mexican, 22; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., for the account, 80 and 79i; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 98A; Sardiniani, 89i and i; Spanish, for the account, 40f; ditto, New Deferred, for the account, 256 and i; Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, 95i ; Venezuela Fourand-a-Quarter per Cents., for the account, 321; ditto, -One-and-a-Half per Cents. Deferred, 12; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64j. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. S0c. for money, and 67f. for the new account at the end of the month, showing a fractional decline. The Fulton, from New York to-day, has brought 20,000l. The panic in railway stocks continued, and there had been a further average fall of about 3 p r eent. Erie were quoted 271, Reading 67, New York Central 76&, Michigan Southern 26k, Panama 91i, and lllinois Central 113i. It is reported that the Atlantic Cable is not likely to prove available for either of the projected Indian lines of telegraph. It appears that in iGs present coiled state it generates or absorbs a great amount of heat, and a fear is entertained of its beinig ruined by the temperature to which it would be subjected in twice crossing the tropics. Tt has been found that extreme heat inthe parts under pressure forces the copper wire to the sides of the gatta percha and destroys insulation. The precise amount of specie shipped by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Indus is 696,0257., of which 425,6331. is for India and the Mauritius, and 270,3921. for China and the Straits. Nearly the whole of it is silver, the gold being only 12,8321. The share list of the present time, in its quotations of banking companies, gives an instructive illustration as to the extent to which caprice prevails over reason in the investments of the public. About 18 months ago everything was neglected for new banks. They were the fashion, and the people of the City are just as wild in such cases as the classes they affect to despise when the same impulse takes any other than a sordid direction. Although the future prospects of each undertaking were entirely hypothetical, a large premium was instantly quoted, anditis difficultto conjecture howfar themania would have gone if those whese unpopular business it is to weigh passing events and to look to future consequences had encouraged instead of checking it. In a very little while, but not until a large number of people had committed themselves, the rage died away. There was then as great a rush to get back deposits as there had originally been to pay them. A considerable number of the projects were wound up with more or less loss, and the majority of those that remained went to a heavy discount, which in several of the most prominent instances has continued to increase. But in some of these cases the year that has intervened has furnished atl the experience that could have been hoped, and by comparing results with anticipations we are bronght to a humiliating conception of the total absence of any guiding principle in the various transactions that regulate the course of prices on the StockExchange. The Bank of Egypt was one of the first bf the new concerns, and while it was still uncertain who would be its manager, or whether it would be able to acquire a position against the hostility of foreign vested interests, its shares were eagerly sought at a price which would now be equal to aboat 20 per cent. premium on the amount paid up. In the first year of its existence, according to the report presented, it has made about 8 per cent., and incurred but one bad debt of 8001., which has been whoUy written off, but of which half is expected to be recovered, while at the same time the directors pledge themselves to a continuance of rigid caution. These shares, however, are now at a discount equal to 19 per cent.-that is to say, about 39 per cent. below the point at which they stood before anything had been done. The next concern started was the Ottoman Bank. This also went to something like 20 per cent. prenium before it was organized, and now, after having in the course of a year realized a protit of about 17 per cent. on its paid-up capital, it stands at a discount equivalent to nearly 7 per cent. It is not for any one to volunteer an opinion as to which estimate of the value of the undertakings should be regarded as the correct one-whether they are worth an enormous premium, or are fitly sold at a heavy disoount. The only certain point is, that at one period or the other the public must have suffered themselves to fall into a ridiculous delusion. Nothing new seems to have transpired with respect to the risks to be guarded against, and there has been no change in the character of the Boards of Direction. If, under these circumstances, neither S nor 17 per cent. profit, assuming it to have been honestly earned, realizes their aspirations, the question is-what did they expect? W Xith regard to the various new joint-stock banks and discount companies formed in London about the same date there has also been inconsistency. High premiums have been followed by ruinous discoun ts, not apparently from actual losses sustained, but from the discovery of the truth of the warning venat the time, that there would be some ifficulty in finding business for this sudden accession of establishments after a period of 16 years during wbich it hadbeen impossible to induce our capitalists to countenance even a Bingle accession to the number. In these instances, however, there have been accidental occurrences, such as the crash of the Royal British and London and Eastern Banks, that might partiaUy explain a change of tone. On the other hand, the condition of the money-market and the stock of bullion in the Bank have improved. The great lesson to be drawn from the whole history is, that Stock-Exchange impulses are simply such as ariso from imitation, every man wishing to buy or sell the same thing at once; thatthe inherernt advantages or drawbacks of the investment exercise a very slight influence on such occasions and that quiet people who have no capital to risk should never saffer themselves to be drawn into a movement of the kind, since it is their invariable fate to be caught by the reaction. The Oriental Gas Company have received a letter from their managing director, from which the following is an extract, describing the firit introduction of gas into Calcutta, which took place on the 6th of July last: July last :- 'I ~~Calcutta, JuIy 2O. "Ibave much pleasure in informing yon that Caluotta is at last lighted with gas. It is about four years since the project was started in London. The delays and tedious correspondence we have had with the authorities, and the distance we have had to bring every article required in our works, witb the losses sustained at the commencement by shipwreck, will show our shareholders the difficulties which have beset us. " On Mlonday, the 6th inst., we lighted all the public amps from Bow Bazar, along Cassitollah, Chow- igbee-road to the corner of Hartington-street, in aU o (all lampnosts). The success was complete, not one tonlretps al any kind, and we have had them lighted aditoltyeer it since, and they now are lighted as re- larnd with as little fuss as if Calcutta had had gas for 20 year, barring always the wonderment and excitement of the natives. For the first week the crowds which paraded the streets were immense, and their conjectures as to the cause of the light were amusing. Even now, crowrds aemble everv evening at each en., and run along the line with the lamplighler, setting up a shout of agtosent u he applits his lantern to the burner. The commsiwioners are highly pleased, s are also Lord Caaing and Mr. " Uzwn houHse, Prwoue Comesas heue, B ' Wohl, qi FE. w .Browave'are afrea liXbad, asi ay fomt aro zfeoly ait ftk at the gas ightiwg. Pro-ece hm shout' .o,oo people in his house for lab Ant two os Le ff ht, ng at the hril&iUaoT of his I^hts with astoulshmoni '" W e wre ettig la?y n maina and fixing up ite lap posts and bracket3 as fast as we csn. We are tW go UD along the Chitpore-road as far as tbe lawap-posts will admit aid we are laying mains and fiing brackets along Radih Buaar, China Bazaar, &C." The Bio-bio has arrived from Shanghai with 445,1521b. of tea and 1,302 bales of silk. The Bankers' Magazine furnishes the returas of circulation of the private and joint-stock banks in England and Wa'es for the four weeks ending the 1st of August, and gives the following as the average weekly circulation of those banks during the pa'st month, viz.:- 'rivate banks ... ... ... ... Z3,572 915 Joint-stock banks ... ... ... 2,989 031 A verage weekly circutlation.£....g6,561,949 On comparin,v the above with the returns for t.he preceding month, ending the4th of July last, it shows- A decrease in the circulation of the private banks of ... ... ... .. ... '131 A decrease in the circulation of the jo1n 3 stock banks of ... ... ... ... 19,50 Decrease on the month ... ... £63,826 And, as compared with the return for the corresponding period of last year-viz., August 2, 1856, it shows- A decrease in the circulation of the private banks of ... ... ... . . 60,810 A decrease in the circulation of the join £ , stock banks of ... ... ... ... 1,680 Decreaso on the year ... ... £162,520 On comparing the above with the amounts of the fixed issues the following appears to be the coimparative stateof the circulation:- The private banks are below theirfixediseue £8,592 The 3oint-stock banks are below their fix2e, Isue ... ... ... ... ... ... 313,323 Total below the fixed lsme ...£1,197,915 The returns of circulation of the Irish and Scotch banks for the four weeks ending the 1st of Abuguist, 1857, when added together, give the following asthe average weekly circulation of these banks during the past month, viz. :-~ Average circulation of the Irish banks.£.B6,4 ,705 average circulation of the Scotch bank3 .392,477 Average circulation during past month ... £10,426,182 On comparing the above with the fixed issues of the several banks, as given in the Banking Abmanow, the followig appears to be the state of the circulation:- The Irish banks are above their fxed aise ... £79,211 The Scotch banks are above their fixed issue ... 905,268 Total above the fixed sune ... ... ... 2984,479 The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offices of the eeveral banks during the past month have been as follows *. Gold and silver held by the Irlsh banks 2 264,171 Gold and silver held by the Scotch banks 1,595,606 Total of gold and silver held ... . 3,859,777 The above statements complete the returns of the circulation in England, Scotland, and Ireland for the month ending the 1st of August, and these, combined with the average eirculation of the Bank of England for the same period, WMll give the following results of the circulation of notes in the United Kingdom when compared with the previous month:- showing sn increase of 745,2611. in the circulation of notes in England, and an increase of 489,1001. in the circulation of the United Kingdom, when compared with the month ending the 4th of July. And, as compared with the month ending the 2d of August, 1856, the above returns ahow a. decrease of 963,0681. in the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 674,4251. in the circulation of the United Kingdom. The average stock of bullion held by the Bank of England in both departments during the month ending the 1st of August was 11,601,9861., being anr increase of 357,5251. as compared with the previous ronth, and a decrease of 780,7041., when compared with the same period last year. The stock of specie held by the Scotch and Irish banks during the month ending the 1st of August was 3,859,7771., being a decrease of 180,8911. as compared with the previous return, and an increase of 15,843l. when compared with the corresponding period last year.
TRADE RsPORT. T,&LLow. ~~~Thursday Evening. TALW-The market is firmier to-day; 62s. 6d. h&3 been paid on the spot and fer September, and 60s. 3d. for delivery in the last three months. SUGAR.-There was only one auction to-day, of 312 hoggbeads Cuba rmuscovado, which were beughit in, scarcEly any disposition being shown to purchase. The of West India amount to 559 hogsheads. COFFEE.-No public sale. Ricr-Ii better request. A large cargo of 1,600 tons Arracan has been sold en arrival at II, per cwt., and 100 tonDs white Bengal on the spot at 12s 7id. per cwt. SAITETs..-Foating parcels are rather more inquired for.
SOUTrA,tr'oN, Thursday.-The European and American Company's steamship Indiana, Captain Baker, arrived from Bremen on Wednesday night, and sailed this evening for New York, with 520 pasengers, a ship-letter nail, &i,000 dollars in specie, and f cargo of general merchandise. CRMEB i. FRAWCZ.-A dreadful murder was committed two nights back in the Quartler St. Etienne at Caen. Some thieves broke into the shop of x. Peschard, watchmaker and jeweeUer, of the Rue GuUllaume-le-Conqunrant; and, after having mnrdered him, seized on a great quantity of valuable property and got clear off. The Monuca,r du Ca2rardos gives the folowing details of the crime:-" The thieves, supfosed to be three in number, obtained admission by means of false keys, one of which they left behind them. Everything indicates that they were well acquainted with the prem ses, and they took the precaution of placing a short ladder across the top of the stairs by which Peechard wouild have to descend, if by chance he should happen to awake. A spring which oommunicated from the shop to the bedroom was cut off by the thieves, and a smail dio, usually an exceUent watch, was strangled. From their knowledge of Peschard's habits they went at once and took the keys from a rmall box where they were kept, and used them to open the show glasses. The thieves were about to retire wben Peschard, who was awoke by the noise, rose in great haste and ran out of his room on the first floor, but, coming against the ladder fell down the stairs. On hearing the noie of his faU one oi the thieves ran to the door which opened on the staircase, and threw a large paving stone at Peschard's bead, which, however, missed him and broke against the wall. They all then rushed on him and a desperate struggle took place, but he was soon overpowered. Hle received a deep wound from a poignard In the ahoulder, and his assailants were then about to fly into the street, when Peschard pursued them. He laid hold of one, vho, in order to release himself, discharged a doublebarrelled pistol point blank at him, one ball hitting him in the head and another in the neck. The t0fortunate man fell, and the robbers took to flight. Two men were arrested the next day on suspicion, having offered two witches for sale to some soldiers at the barracks." The above named journal does not state how it has come to a knowledge of the details just narrated. The Court of Assizes of the Gard three days ago tried two young men named Antoine and Jacques Peyrot for the murder of their mother. The woman, who lived at Montfion, had been married three times, but in March last again received the addressee of a man named Chivasy. As a marriage with that person would probably have had the effect of depriving the two sons by the woman's first husband of some property which, for a person in her station,-that of a peasant,-was rot inconsiderable, the two young men conceived a mortal hatred of her, and after a while they openly declared that if she persisted in the project of marrying again they would nurder ber. On the morning of the 30th of April last It was noticed that the w-man's shutters remained closed, and her two sons, who did not live with her, were sent for. They entered her chamber, accompanied by some neighbours, aud she was found lying dead in the bed wlth a sheet over her face; she was dreadfuly beaten about the head, and on her throat was the mark of violent pressure from a cord. From marks of blood and other circamstances it clearly appeared that the woman must have been maurdered at the bottom of the etairs, and then carried up to her bed - but as she was a remarkably strong woman, it appeared moraUy certain that one man alone could not have kiled her; there were, moreover, no signs of any forcible entrance into the house, neither had any robbery, nor attempt at robbery, been made; lastly, no one, except her two sors, hbd reason for putting her to death. All this threw strm suspicion on the two young men, and, besides, it was no4o.ec that neither had manifested the sllghtest surprise or regret at finding the poor wocnandead. They were arrested and on being interrogated the younger, Antoine, after a'time confessed it was they who had done the doed. '-We went," he said, "to the house together, and my mother on seeing us asked 'What do you want?' Ianswered, 'Jacques meams to kill you, and he has forced me to come and help him.' The woman raised a cry of horror, but at the same moment Jacquee struck her about the head with some blunt instrnment until ebe fill to the ground. Heethen told me to strangle her with a eord which we }a hroighkt and I did so, while lie held her. When *ie wAs dead we erried the body updair8, ad plad it in the bed." The i cedard thetwebrotber, guilty, Imtwith xtXgMnz u and the Cs- wanted1 tke to haerd r fcer1lf. A nax mumes I?3caatuy, I&lr eml, wag td4i witI them fer cnsnpliety i th e crie;a-i I wa itdated lby Antehse tha he, from diagut at thei5 Idea tle weas maerti afis time, had excited tie n to perpeteate it, ut as thre was u othr esico aainst hise tkoC jury acquitted Ism
RAILWAY IrNTELLI0EXCE. RT.AfA1MPTmRN The half-yearly meeting of this oompanywas held a Blackburn on Monday, 9r. W* H. Hornby, M.P., in tho calir. hlr. Gunn, the secretary, read the report, an abstract of which hm apptared in lVie Tsiem. The UHAIRmAN, in moving the adoption of the report, xpresmed his regret t"at tbey had been defeated in their , pheanlon t, P,rliamient. They had not been defeated on hb merits of their Bill, but upon the apparent want of aeB,. to opeeute tho work. If they had gone simply fo he line from Bolton to Manchester he had no doubt their ponents would bave been beaten. The position in which ) y went before Parliament was a very unfortunate ne, and the committee of the House of Commons fe t or their difficulty, bnd did not conceal their sympAthy Be had no doubt that the Blackburn shareholders would asist in any plan of a feasible character that might be suggested for the execution of the line from Bolton to Kan. cbester which would be brought before Parliament during the next session. There was a party prepared, if they got their line from Bolton to Manchester, to lease that line and to take the old Blackburn line on better terms than the Lancashire and Yorkshire CompaDy hsd offered, or thin oould result from the agreement which would terminato in 1860B -that was to ay, on the torms which the Lancshire and Yorkshire Company had hound themselves to observe, but wbich they had not obeerved, (Hear, hear.) He then want into explanations, with a viev to show that the Blackburn Company had not been fairly dealt with, and statod that onat examination of the accounts it appeared that the Lancashire andYorkshire Company had retained Inthe groes, during the term of their contract, about 15,000. from the traffie which legitimately belonged to the Blackburn Company. The L&ncashire and Yorkshire would only give to the Blackburn Company what amount of money thev thought proper. Whether the matter was to go before arbitrators or before the Court of Chancery would rest with the directors and shareholders of the Blackburn Company. It had been soknowledged by the goods manager of the Yorkshire Comp any that compensation to the amount of 2,5001. was fairly helunging to the Blackburn Company in respect of trafflo which had been improperly diverted. He believed the only thing to redeem their line was to get a separate line from Bolton to Manchester, but they must go to Parliament properly prepared, and the Blackburn shareholders must co. perae n any scheme which other parties might bring f(,rward having the same object in view. An item of 2,927., which had been expended for Parliamentary and other disbursements on account of the proposed extensions, should have been charged in the put half-year to capital instead of to revenue. Resolutions were passed adopting the report and re-electing Messrs. Bancroft, H. M, Feilden, and J. Hargreaves, the retiring directors, and also Mr. J. Hartley, the retiring auditor, A discussion then ensued in respect to various documents that had passed between the Lancashire and Yorksbire and Blackburn Companies respecting matters in dispute, and it was resolved to print and circulate them *mong the shareholders, together with Mr. Flanagan's calculations respectinB a proposition by the Blackburn Company to the Lancashireand Yorkshire Company The latter company estmated the loss on the propoesi agreement would be 70,0004 at the end of six years, while Mr. Flanagan's calcaulations showed that the loss would be only 2321. in the first year and 21. in the sixth year, on the suppodtion that the Blackburn traffic would increase during that period to the extent of 44 per cent., which amount vas also assumed by the Tanca. shire and Yorkshire Company Resolutions were passed authorizing the directors to take all such meaures as may be necessary to promote the construction of a new line from Boltonto Manchester and also authorizing them to oppose the intended application to Parlament for the amalgamation of the Lancashire and York6hire and East Lancashire Companies After some formal resolutions, the proceedings termirnated with a vote of thanks to the chairan. SOUTH STAFFORDSB E. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Saturday at Birmingham, Mr. B. 0. Chastner in tbe chair. The report stated that the expenditure on capital account for the main line during the half-year amounted to 7,0371., for the Cannock and Norton branches to 24,150M, and for the Darlaston and Tipton branches to 310i ; together 31,4981 The dividend at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum, would be payable on the 1st of September. The CuAiwuB.', in moving the adoption of the report, uTged the necessity of proceeding with the construction of the Darlaston and Tipton branch. Lisutenant-Colonel Dvorr seconded the motion, and it was agreed to, as was elso the dividend. The CHAIRMAN staled that the second portion of their lease would come into operation in June, 185S, and a dividend of 4, per cent. wonld accrue to the company at the end of next year, being a-half per cent, more than they received at present under the lease. The meeting was then made special, and meements with Mr. M'Clean for the lease of the Norton an Cannock branch at 4 per cent., tozether with interest on money borrowed; and for the Darlaston, Tipton, and Prince's-end brancbes at the rate of 5 per cent, on the outlay, were unanisnously approved, A vote of thanks to the chairman and directors concluded the proceedings. NORTH KENT. On Wednesday last the directors of the South-Eastern Railway Company received a numerous deputation of clergy and gentry, who were charged with laying before the directors 34 memorials from various districts and congregations in the parishes of Greenwich, Blackheath, Lewisham, Lee, Deptford, Woolwich, Erith, Dartford, and Beckenham. The deputation was headed by General Alexander in the unavoidable absence of Lord Haddo, MP. The Rev. Mr. Acworth presented a separate memorial from the in. habitants of Plumnstead. The several memorials which originated out of the late fearful acddent at Lewis. ham and were numerously signed protested against the desecration of the Sabbath by the excessive Snday traffic on the North Rent line, as well as insisted upon its injurious consequences to the officers and servants of the company, andt entreated the directors to dLisontinue the running of aU extra, special, and excursion trains on their line on the Sunday. The deputation wers courteously received by the chairman and the directors present; and after General Alexander and several members of the deputation had addressed the Board on points coanected vwth the question, the chairman, in the name of the dietors, assured the depuahtion that the subjec' of Sunday traffic had already engaged their attention, and that the prayer of the memorialista should receive the best attention of the wvhole Board. BELFAST AND COUNTY DOWN. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Monday at Belfast, Mr. W. Anketell in the chair. The C6RMBIAN said it gave the directors great satisfaction that their affairs were improving to such an extent that, notwithstanding the demand upon their funds for money to construct the extension line, it was not found necessary to reduce the usual dividend. Resolutions were passed adoptin the report, declaring a dividend of 15ss per share for the half-year, authorizinp the directors to apply to Parliament in the next session 'or power to extend the company's line from BaLlynahinch to the Dublin and Belfast Railway, or to the Banbridge and Scarva Railway, so as to secuem unitterrupted railway communication from Dublin to Donaghadee; and requesting the directors to ascertain from the landowners and others the probable cost of A branch line from Holywood to Bangor; end placing lO0OI at the disposal of the directors for their services, and also 101. for the auditors. The proceedings conduded v;ith a vote of thanks to the chairman and directors. DUXDALK AND ENINTISKILLEN, The half.yearly meeting of this company was held on Monday in Dubln, the Right Hon. the Earl of Eme in the chair. The secretary read the report, an abstract of which has appeared in 2'he Times. The CimraxAx, in moving the adoption of the report, stated that the total receipts for the half-yerr ending the 30th of June last amounted to 11,4241., being an increase of 2,1661 over the corresponding penod of 1856. The traffio had been carried on under disadvantageous circumstances, They had not been able to compete with the canal or with other carriers to Clones and other places; but when the extension lines were completed a considerable amount of trffio would be the result. The opening of their extension line had been delayed in consequence of serious natural obstacles, which, by the perseveranwe of the contractors and engmeers, were now nearly overcome. Resolutions were passed adopting the report and declaring a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, per annua on the preference shares, and of 6s. per share on the original shazes. A vote of thanks to the chairmau concluded the prooeedings. EDU'TBURHr AND GLASGOW. On Wednesday the adjourned meeting of this company was held at Glasgow for the purpose of receiving the report of the scrutineers on the result of the poll, Mr. P. Blackburn, MP., in the chair. The CHArRxuv read the result of the poll, as follows:- For Mr. Swanwick's motion- Amount of stock. votes. Preent £39234 receesenting 351 Proxies-.e... . 24,msi ,, 12.7s Total 1.£836.1 "For Mr. Barter's amendmen~- Prawent-. .. .. .. £9 9,700 representing L927 ro.. .. .. .. 640270 ,, 12725 TotOW.. . 38.970 14,652 "MAjority for the amendment- " Stok. £73, 2; s0to%, 1,518." The CHAfI -Is then proposed that Mess. Barter, Whit, ad Jhnson e apoiteda committee in the Edinbrgh nd Gasgo Comany oconfer with a similar commtte frm te Strlig ad Dnfemline. Dr. Cowan's motion being combined with Mr. Swanwick's The meeting then separated. CALEDONIAN AD DUMBARTONSHMIR JUNCTIONT. On W ned th Glag e halrf-yealy meeting of this company was eld t Glsgow Mr J. airdin te cair. The report stated that the gross revenue for the half-year ending July 31 amounted to 7,281, and the working and other expenses to 3,0S41., leaving a net pro6t of 4,1981. Oat of this sum the di retorsreommended the payment of a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum on the 21st of September, which would absorb 3,670!., and leave a balnoe of 528. to be added to a surplus of 1,17MM, making the total surplna 1,7011., Irrespective of the loan tcaital of 1.1,247!. The directors propowa to lay sidde 300 haLearly to form a fundl for the renewal of permanent way. The grohs re veaitse fQr tbie year eniding July, I53, jamounted to 11,262g. endidng July, 1854, to 1.2,0914; or-ding July, 1855, to 12,6341.; ending July, 1856, to 13,5421.; and for the jess ending July, 1857, to 14,576!,, showing &a tanrsae of 8291., 5541., 9071., and 1.0341. respectively. The cpitw eccount showed that 25. 4t0A . had been expendeA& The nnu,ber of shares now on the register is 122,34, rePreenting a capital of 183. 610C The l.-an from the directors in nor reduced to 2,0t1K. The average reoeipt per train milefor passengers is 7s., and for goods 9. 2id The eanag were 2s. lOd. per train mile for passengers and 4, 1d for & oods. The CIIAInVAN then moved that the report be adopted ; ihat a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per ennum, payable i n the 22d of September, be declared; and that the sum of "i0O1, be reserved every half-year tO fora a fund for the maintenance of the permeanient way. The resolutions were agreed to andthe meet}ng SpMted, TRAFFIC REUB.N. MIUI PM. Meor- otal, Total, * open. wm Chandije, 1357. It56. Week endingAug 13, £ . JL Detoit and Mllwankle .. 78 .. . 71 ., 79 Week ending Aug. 22. NewartlpoTe and OhrlW ? .. .. .. - . 432.. 4,027 .. 8,830 Week endine Aug. 23 tanteradandCarlide .. - *- - 7. 523 7.1n Bltol andExer .. .. - . - . - .. 7.146 .. 6.814 jast A n.. . - . .. 792 .. so W ending Lug. 27, MUis ntosL.a .. I. - - 356 Week endine Aug. 29 North-Eastern ... . - . - ., 40,01 *.. 3923 G re ad.outherodWe s.em (Irelhnd) . X M - ......0.. 6,518 . 44 Monmouthshlre Baflway And Cania . . - ...... 2,7 .. 2,1 Dvblin mnd rinklew (W. eluding Kin^-ng4) 401 - 1- . 31 22 Waerford and ierlk 77 - - 1.216 Llo7 nbrae and Memas ,, 63 , - ,, - I Ot . 1,0Ls Weekt MTEd 8 .. 75 - - 1,029 . W Lo drA Eann 0 ,, - e. - . 669 ,. 646 Klnlrny Junction * 1 .. . - - 691 . 5 Llanelly Rasilwarand Dock 35* .. - - 516 St4 Watorod and Kilkenny 31 LOS- , - 55 5 Irish Bouth-Zatern 2 - 5- Z7 8t7 I.ndobdm, aud Onleraine Y - - 344 , 32 Bealead Leeyban 10 . - - . I31 lrick and Foyn , 2. l ,, - *. 0 , 91 Week endin AuL S0. Midland .. 4. 7.. . . - - 54,8Z6 Si896 Lanioahire and Yorkhe . - ,, - 38,84;i 26,27 sterm Cocnties, Norfolk, and gestern Utlont .. 419 , - - 25,327 , 25,116 MAnester, Sheffeld, and I4neolna, lrel 1731 - - 11,641 . 9,835 FAst LAncmhireS 93 - - 7,681 . 7,791 NorthBriish ,149 3,25 ..;2,862. 6,115 5,86, Oxford,Woacester,andWol- erlaipton¶ .. . - , - 4,9M6 .. 3ZJS6 Midland GreatWetern (Ire ia n. 177 . - 3.711 Shrewhary and Chester - 3- .. - , 3,i58 3,703 Sootcish OButral331 16 rkerbea1ncuai - ,- . - . 3,310 3,16 CheshireJunction - - - .. 3.21 .. 3.790 Shrewsbury and Biraing- ham t- .- - L915 .. 1790 DubUn and Drotedst o 1636 - - 1,798 .. 1,797 DubUn amdls56 .t J=..oa 56 1,178 . 1,366 NeporDt, Abergay, a Hereford. 43 - I- .L1 96 ..,10O 8hrophre Unton ....... ., 29i ...-- .. 871 74 Dmd)Ik and Enntsklfen. 35 .. - ., - T15 407 Week ending Autw. 31. Antwerp and Rotterdam.. - .. - .. - . 1,23 .. Lo00 In th coorreeponding week lest rLW the hsaest had come in. 2hs week the crope are just being gahered, *tC. the L,ruerx re at alu work In tbe ieddd. t Tho kraffic this week tapresent 4S3 mUsee lainit 417 of latt ar. t Including haL t be hiaacbe.ter, heutb Janetnou, and Aletrh reseita, Gri,nby Dock dutie k. ad (3eterdd (rsDt reoelpb, iThSbo ce1t 10r merchandise arttcre yuble aite dedouct. i ,,tebslange on the I n ea tThe amount Dublisbed for Midlad LocIa Loop Line kato 1to b. Yeanet, aDdnotgromi.
THE CORH TRADE. Y ^ w-nc ew_ @ UP to Monday the ether ainn - hd f scourag the later crupa but since then l that Oould be wise e a muchlower temperature. b o dnchn It bas become unaettled, with auch lower t"em ho mch ot the harst is ow, however, =cceired that this chrearet ace oxercises Uttle or no influenoe on The trade during the week has gradually &.umed a steadier tone, and lorthe pat few days a fair consumptive demand for flour hs been experloeed at rates about 6d. to I per sack tunder those Current on Our last market day. Ober articde bave ruled firm without aTtivty. At Lverpool the arrivals of wheat, barley, snd Indlaz corn fOm %broad are more liberal thn of Lato, but small of flour. From IrelaDd, with the excetloan ot a moderate quantity of oatmeal, the rocapts awe very light. Our iserket this morning we fairly attended, and a better telIng prevailed than o lae. New Inglih wheat was In good demand at lut last week's ricee, wrhil od4 as also Ameriean, sold atoadjly Wtout change In val:e, Approved qualities ot flour ereo mo sought after, sod being in limted suDppl nealy reorerd the decin noted during the weeo. Oats and oatmeal me.t a faIr demnzd at ue none rates. Beane sold slowly5 at tie currency of this dV etnihi BIBitMlGHAM BP 3, At GlooeFter market on the 28th rewwheat was3r . to 4< perqusrigg and old foreign Is. to 2s. per quacter lower; at Wosooeer the Lme day al descriptions were about 2b per uarter chespa, Eniglsh barley CAve Wy ILs to 2... per quaster, but foreign was unaltered, BeDii rather higber. Oats qudte as dear. Duriag tbe present weok some loreig wheat be changed hanig at prices wbich coula not bo obtanoed last market dayr sod Enlish is not oflering lover. Barley tending cewerDarde. We have had a good dewxand tCl oat. atpreviou rater, Banscontinuescarcte, Petare beld for rather more money. At Woleerhampton yenierdsy there Ws a limited supply of wheat, which eold at former currency. At thit day's mrke there va a fair supply of wbeat, which ws cleared o2l at an adrance ot is. to 2b, per quarter. Flne harley dochia Is.end secondasy qualities Gd.to is.1per quarter. Oats quite as dear. Bens sod peas unaltewed, v The wather bm become cold and na,ettid. We have had anotber week of inscUTity tu the orn trs,. sd wbere nracUns hbave taki plRce the turn has been in the buyer's fa-our. (in our market to-say Englih wbheat w in moderato supply, sod imet a better demand at rather over last week's prices Foreign fully as dear. Mating barley is bhe turn cheaper; beasy grinn prel are quite neglected, the demand being exclusirely oonTined to the cheap Mediterralnan quaities. indian oorn sells freely. Oa a slow trade st unchanged vaine, excelpt new ttawney.whsch are Od. to Il. per quarter cheaper. GWCESTER, 8rrn. 2. Our market for ,boat has bocome more settled, and milera erinoe a disposition to go into bStoCk at present refOued prie, beiug about 3a. per 4tuarter under the cueret rates ot the proricus week. We are fairly supplied dth ceo Enuglish. aerage qualities of which realize lOs. to l, for redi up to IS6 for fins white per 862 tbs. Foreign only saleable en retail at 2Is per quarter reductIon, The demand for maltt itg barley Is lImited, Very choice qualities roale 44g. to 4.., whIae good average runs are procurable at 42, to 41s. per isuperial qutarter. The ostr trade is sluggish In the extrsme,-a fem new tawnle. hare ohar4ed bands at 273. per 312 lb. Oan inquired fter and tuly as uear. NEWARI. Srr 3. The wotber contiuned exceediut5ly line forthe completion of the harvert,and the fields are nrwcleared the great bulk of the gran having b,en housed incapitaltrondition. p u tbe low landr wbere overrun by the flood, and where t4e graIn Nwas cut, damato wai doubtleu ses. tamned. but hi.e that time there neverwas k"own a finer period for getting in the crep' Wheat bas ielded an asr,r,ge; barley ratber under, oat& and bea sbeing also iie.rt There are mn oomplalnts of the potato dl ease. At this oremn-rarket wboat, both old and new, Vas In moderate sp Ply, ird 1- per quarter bhearer than last week, fire white makking 6f. sod red tOe, per qu.rtr. Barley war bela fr rather less pricem good melting quoaities bensg eld for ne.t;r quarterdl the goridin sampls being quoted at dg e, In other dedcrtptidne to trahn there ase ved Al t p Isaltenrtion, Pese a-Yhite he, , to Iw s red. neat to d .e'b maiting barley, 48sm, to Wt.; griaring dittob teo to 40s,; Oat, 3fir to rt wbe2aos U to 64!3.; peas, wer. to dLs w t, Te to . wit pS BOSTON. S]rrr 2. Ateet opera ktioshem nwaa nearly completed, thew wheathefr whaing bteen favour ablemthroughdout then wellek .mrobed to e b kho Tbe trade In wree: bee been inactiee for the mett part. aud DtwIe. bare undergone a lurther dsc.ine aeadng to the quality and oandticu of samplhs. Atd fewoffding. Restay a goholdtandneinwhea was doneTe atoadelinw of r perquXateAti o eWuvaret. ytdrwdy the fnerqualtedeoflrDed6r wade nerly as mtoch money as lart week, but secondary and inf,e_t sorts were os.22 to old,r qua. to. Ioer At Lynn to stbrdly witho smal supply ot whet. sndvtmos and quality vrohe , rely ualer wee ex&e&nor 2 2s per quarter seduction. At todamr' mret th terewasa sn.supplyofnewowhet,forwhhlt there wasra good dem nd, and sellerstwere enleVd to Btuss foll4 th rate' of last week for the beet samplest Oat.s. per quarter biche, sod few offering, Ble s both old ad ew i In r squeea The tollow ing are the qest4atour-W!eat yIn whnte, fileper quarter; old red, 6k'. tet tt oir 6ea toil.; Sfie lie; newe reds 4fa ts 56o o new w3e.; xow oat. sol to I ite ; old 12-R ; 'earqar 4t tbOeartleye 40k. to 56,. L3st ol4cla. averaqges at Bo(stn ;-Whear, 3,715 quarter0, st 66s; oatsa 710 quarteo at les & ; boans, 145 quarters, ate4&L6 ieas, 25 quartero, at its, ats GADIBOROIGI 8xr'. 2, Al this moring's mars ebthere wm, a Iruer show of wheat thn ulast rtek, but the qettty l ttle maztrveed p The be3t samples made la s w feek l s prices ; otoer Pt almos utirel, uegeetto Barly shown vnS mall quanot7tes but held for gOOdl preah;po4k,. to 43g per qua rt1 r fi 40e, Old Ott3 nad beanua rniaoe full prices, LSuseed cakog wade about £LL BAR1S8LEV. fixry.! At tWe ocrn-ebchadge hsera there wasu tafalr howe of new weat, which sold ait 1s per lead if, qd. per qearteri leml than last week, Sewv ralized 0W, to 43. dVr lao lrel Sd, to 64 per quarter). Old oats mi ntained theyrated ofloates 3-24., to2ofperquar Barle s, lowner. Boans and nwt Oft q as before. EDUEIJGH, Serte 2, At thfis mP'rrlings n'srrket theret ree onu4 a moderate sbr wtfgrsltt Vhich met a steady de mnd at ra ther Impveil ratei . l.toes Whea.le t,3A 61. 6'd; barley, 215. to los.; oats, 36g d. to 34.s fi. beaus. 44s. Ed tos O rAtes. Ther cl-msel a go dean d fSor shee ap d lam b, which werelt sold at tully last wsct s price, IkeSf . to IS.a 6d. per etoce; m rtt, f4dl to7d, per I.; lamzbs. 26a each; poark, 6a 3d.i t7rs per SOaS.n GLl8GoW, Barr. 2 WeSo hav has d 0ctnut-Om'ceor anfi.,e resatmble wather, Ybegat the Oyde they onas6ted oS aolb ltq quar t rof btsnafrose5sinsaee hol, and ni Gresugemounh of I ,sd quarters of wastb, W qvss 0t I Peel and438 sceot florrhom the cixtiagot. Tbe rnasetiona during te w eek were/ shefl Janal at bagu l5t 'Wednesday's eerse5t; Vbl da' market w5.a tinly ttended. Wtheat nd' tlou r mbte4 off slwly a b sO~cn 6fL bIs peg bol *rad _c)krespctIely. 1 atlvdull Und Si lowe per Wb O3eutd, to terlilbt 6tsel6o3&pg,UGb -bt peas -t
RAILWAY AND MINING SIHARES. Tbiursday Evening. The railway-market has been steady, although the late advance has not been fully muaitained; Great Western especially rtcedinv it. North-Eastern (Leeds stock), however, and (Jaledoniian improved. (eelong aud Melbourne were fractionally higher. A general decline took piaue iu l"rench shares, except Western and North-Wegt.rn, which closed at a small advance. Lombardo-Vetietian were also a shade lower. In mines an improvernent took place in Wheal Mary Ann and Cobre (Copper, and North Wheal Bassett receded. A reduction occurred in Oriental Bank. In miseellaneous securities, Crystal Palace were rather weaker. OIDlNARY SHRARES A-ND STOCKS.
[Advertisment.]-OOurAbsoluteAristo aoy-D Quiucey on the Indian Mutiny-Smpty London-MurdererA at Large-The Model Director-Money and Antimony-A Company Badly OffieredA New Deitnlton of Parties-Tbe Old Story-AWord for an Old 1riend-ABitof Titite-Tattle-AModel Report-onr National Defendem-Lettem from Indian Offlcers; Exttaordinary Iscapes from Maare; Diary of the Siege of Delhi-Middleem Election DoingsA Omtlon about China-tailway Bear' Garden and its Flowr ot Ipeech-Onr Strength and Our Work In Indina-hrldrenIJ Concert at t erytal Patsce, o.-See Io3d's Weekly London Newspaper. bldtted by Blanobard Jerrold. Averago weekly sale, iso.4oeeIc. ished IMa3. Contains ixty columns ot thsr most varied and interest. lng intelligence. printed by Hoes fast America= printing mwcnte, akt the rate of 6, i00 oopIes per bom, thereby enablhng the pubnllolon of news to the latest moment (much later than any other news. isPa ). Prioe 2 n of envD get.n A. copy, as sample, ent post flee on reoew Of 0 =V0Ytfte mN,-X.Uoyd, 12, Salisburyique, (Advertisemeuts.. Vomn tive Table of Weights for the Oesarevitch and UambridgQsbLm.-The " Sunday Timee of September 6 wIll contain an original arcount and full particulazs of the great Barnet Rioree Fair-Ajnpl Agricultnral arid General information from all parbs of the rnntry-Theatil IntellIgence at'hoine ind abroadPbs Weiehts for the Great Anxtemo Handicmes- The Mleetings of ne-ct Iwcak-rhees anrd Freemasonry Chreniclee-svith all the newes or the week. Price, wzit permanent supplemenIt (extending over 72 colemna. the largest wFeeiby niewsapaer in England) 6d., unntanDped. 103, Fleetekeet, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ nx
PRINCESS'S THEATRE. The performances of Italian opera at this theatre are drawing to a close. Verdi's Troratore was given last night, and, as regards the three principal characters, with the most powerful cast on record. Never were the sorrows of Leonora and her devoted troubadour-whose fates are "star-crcssed," like thoseof the unfortunate lovers of Verona-depicted with more in. tense poignancy; never was the revengeful gipsy more vividly portrayed, or her mental anguish brought more prominently forward in alleviation of her con. templated, but unaccomplished crime. In short, the Leonora of Grisi, the Manrico of Mario, ard the Azucena of Alboni are all three masterpieces, both from a vocal and histrionic point of view ; anc. it only wanted Graziani and Tagliafico as Count Luna and Perrando to make the representation perfect. Signor Dragone, the new baritone, did his beat for the Count, and sang the popular " n balen" in such a manner as to obtain an encore in face of strong opposition; but Signor Kinni was a sorry substitute for Tagliafico. The success of nZ TroatWore, however, rests with the hero and heroine, and their unconscious Nemesis, the erring gipsy; and In these instances the performance at the Princess's was not only first-rate, but irreproachable. The house was crammed to suffocation, the lobbies being rendered impassable by spectators, who, unable to obtLin places, were content to hover outside and cakh such glimpses of the representation as they might, sooner than lose lt altogether. A more enthusiastio audience could hardly have been desired, even by artists most eager for applause. Nor was the enthusiasm exhibited by any mean3 indiscriminate; on the contrary, it was raised by acting ancl singing of the highest order. The reiterated plaudits bestowed upon Grisi, Alboni, and Mario were the bond fide recogndtion of transcoendent ability, accompanied by a zealous deiermination toplease. To single out particular points would be to make invidious distinctions. It is enough to say that the encores which followed " Di quella pira"--magnificently dedaimed by Mario-and the "M Wiserere," 1" which both Grisi and her gifted partner displayed their utmest talent, were as genuine as the unanimous and hearty plaudits that succeeded the tragic nnrrative of Azacena, delivered by Alboni with consummate vocal and dramatic excellence. The last scene, where the faithful Leonora dies under the influence of poison swallowed to exculpate her from the sacrifice she has volunteered in her lover's behalf, was pathetic beyond description. It is in scenes of this passionate and moving character that Grist and Mario are inimitable. At the end of the third act Mario was summoned bef-re the footlights, and cheered by the whole house, an' he conclusion of the opera the sama compliment wi . to all the chief performers. n 2Trovatore is to be repeated on Saturday.
8PORTILG INTBL-.. swNCr. WAPWTWCX R. A f. _u--. - Tho MmdBERS' PLATE of S0 sovs. (Handicap) Winners after the declaration of the weights 1b. extr Three. quarters of a-mile. Wr. T. Clift's Flyaway, by Orlando, 4 yrs St. 71b. (rT. Cliff) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 Mr. Merry's Lady Elizabeth, 2 yr 5st. 121b. (Plumb) ... 2 Mr. Cope's Mary Lovell, 5 yrs, Ost. 101b. (Fordham) ... 3 Mr. Halford's colt by the Cossack, - Margaret of Anjon, 2 yrs, 5st. lOlb. (in. 51b. extra) (Chalioner) ... 4 Betting.-5 to 4 on Lady Elizabeth; D to 2 agat Mary Lovell. Won by half a length; three quarters of a length between the second and third; bad fourth. Just on the time appointed for the start, and long after the number had appeared on the telegraph, Prior, who had been waiting for orders from Mr. Stevens, who was detained at Leamington, weighed for Eardrop. He proceeded to the starting post, but much betting having taken place on the supposition that Eardrop would not run the stewards decided that the jockey had not weighed in time, and that the mare was not entitled to start. The NURSERY IANDICAP, of 10 sovs. each, h. ft., with 50 added, for 2-yr-olds. The second to save his stake. Winners after the declaration of the weights 51b. extra. T.Y.C. 22 subs. Mr. Sutton's Uthon by Phlegon, 6st. 81b. (car. 6st. 101b.) (Fordham) .. ... ...I Mr. J. Merry's filly by Chanticleer-Baro'ness, 6st 10lb. (Plumb) .2. ... . Mr. Wlhianms's Luca della Robbia; 6st. 3ib. (Bray) 3 Mr. Parker's Fearful, 6st. (F. Adams) ... ... ..4 Betting.-b to 4 agat .tEthon, 7 to4 agst Baroness, and 3 to 1 agat FearfnLi Prench weighed for Mr. Craven's Yaller Gal and her number was put up, but almost immediately afterwards taken down, the stewards deciding that the jockey did not go to the scale in time. Won by ahead; three lengths between the second and third; Fearful, who ran out at the turn into the straight, and lost much ground, was a bad fourth. The WELTER Cup, value 100 sovs., the rest in specie, by subscription of 15 sovs. each, 10 ft., and 6 only if declared, &c. The winner of a handicap subsequent to the declaration of the weights 51b. extra. Gentlemen riders; professionals 61b. extra. One mile and a-half. 24 subs., 12 of whom declared. Mr. Barber's Hamlet, by Turnus, 3 yrs, 9st. 41b., in- ciuding 61b. extra (Alderoft) .. ... ... 1 Lord Clifden's Alembic, 6 yrs, 10st. 81b. (Captain Littlej t Mr. S. Williams's the Bold Buecleugh, 4 yrs, 9st. 121b. (Mr. Scobell) ... ... . Mr. Gulliver's Llumninator, 4 yrs. 9st. 71b. (Mr. Dart) . 4 Betting.-6 to 4 agst Hamlet, 7 to 4 agst Alembic, 5 to 1 agpt Bold Buccleugh. Won by a bead; dead heat for second ;Lace. IlIuminator was beaten half a length from the two. The COuNTY STAiE:S, of 100 sovs., added to a handicap of 20 sovs. each, 10 ft., and 6 only if declared, &c. The winner of the Leamington Stakes 101b., or of any other handicap value 1001. after the declaration of the weights, S1b. extra; of two such, 101b. extra. The second to receivo 30 sovs. out of the stakes. One mile and a half. 40 subs., 21 of whom deolared. Mrs. Osbaldeston's Claret, by Touchstone, 5 yra, 7st. 71b. (D. Hughes) .. . . . . .1 Mr. J. Merry's Uzella, 4 yrs, 5st. 131b. (Plumb) . ...2 Mr. P Ten Brock's Babylon, 3 yrs, 5st. 71b. (Challoner) 3 Mr. Parker's Alice, 6 yrs, 6st. 101b. (F. Adams) ... 4 Lord Clifden's Homily, 5 yrs, 5st. 101b. (Bray) ... 5 Mr. E. P Clark's Vandermeulin, 4 yrs., S6t. 131b. (Grim. mer)................ 6 Mr. Rolland's Lambourne. 3 yrs, 5st, 1Oib. (Pritchard) 7 General Bosquet was declared not to start at 10 30 a.m. Betting.-6 to 4 agst Uzella; 3 to1 agst Claret; 5 to 1 agpt Lam bourne and Vrnadermeulin. Won by a length; three lengths between the second and third; the others tailed off. HANDICAP of 10 soYs. each, h. ft. for allages. Five furlongs. Five subs. Mr. W. Craven's Yaller Gal, by Woolwich, 2 yrs, 7st. lOlb. (French) ... ... 1.. ,. ., ...I Mr. J. hMerry's Lady Elizabeth, 2 yrs, 6st. 121b. (Plumb) 2 Mr. Hodgman's Lady Aintree, 3 yrs, 8st. (D. Hughes) ... 3 Betting.- Even on YaUer Gal, 6 to 4 agst Lady Aintree. Won very easily by a neck; two lengths between the sezond and third. The WARWICK CuP, value 200 soVy., by subscription of 10 sovs. each, with 100 added; 3-yr-olds, 7st.; four, 8st. 71b.; five, 9st. llb.; six and aged, 9st. llb, Certain allowances and penalties. The second to receive 30 sovs. out of the stakes. Three miles. 24 subs. Mr. Starkey's Fisherman by Heron, 4 yrs, 8st. 71b. (Wells) 1. . . . . . . Mr. Wilkins's Oakba, 3 yrs, 7st D. Hughes) . 2 Mr. R. Ten Broeck's Lecomte, aged, 8st. 91b. (Littlefield) 3 Betting-5 and 6 to 1 on Fisherman. Pisherman went avway with the lead, Lecomte lying off about 20 lengths. The only change in these positions took p lace about a mile from home, when Lecomte went up to Oakball's quarters, but soon afterwards dropped back again. Fisherman was never caught, and won in a canter by a length; Lecomte beaten off upwards of 20 lengths. The SELuG STvAKE, of 5 sovy. each, with 25 added, for 2-yr-olds and upwards. One mile. Four subs. Mr. Copeland's Salmon, by Gameboy, 4 yrs, (201.), 7st. lllb. (Aldcroft) .. .. .. .. .. ..3 ir. Stevens's Flora Macdonald, 2 yrs (301.), 4st. 91b. (A. EdwArds) .. ... ... ... .. .. ..2 Mr. Darber's Nely, 2 yrs (30L), 4st, 91b. (carried 5st.) Betting.-2 to I (at frst 3 to 1) on Salun. Won by a neck; bad third. The winner was sold by auotion for 60 guineas to Mr. T. Hughes. The Towx PLATE (handicap) of 50 sovs., added to a sweep- stakes of S sovs. each, 2 ft. Winners of a handicap after the declaration of the weights 1b. extra. One mile. Lord Clifdeu's Alemblo by Touchstone, 6 yrs, Sat llb. Mr. Daweosn's Agra, 4"yrs, 7st. (French) . . 2 Mr. Stevens's Barbarity, 3 yrs, (induding 51b. extra), 7st. 41b. (Prior) 3 Mr. Barber's Miss Harkaway, 4 yrs;, 7st. lb. (including Sib. extra) (Dales) .. . . . .4 M.r.Haxworthy's Knight of Ayon, 4 yrs, 7st. 4Tb. (D. Hughes) .. . . .. .. .. .. Betting.-2 to i agt Alembic, 5 to 2 agat Agra, i to 2 agst Barbarity, 5 to 1 agst Knight of Avon. Won by a head; half a length between the second and third; a head between the third and fourth; Knight of Avon pretty well up. LATEST BETTING ON THE COUPSE. GREAT YORKSHRE HANDICAP. 4 to 1 aget Tasmania. S-i -Robzbblin. ST. TZG 6 to 4 agat Blink Bonny (taken). 2 - 1 - Ignoramus (taken). 4,500 to 150 and 3,000 to 100 were taken about Impd rieuse. 5,000 to 75 agst i2Ethon (takren). Although the fields were small Set the racina waZ close and interesting. Rlain f'ell *t frequent intervals during ithe day, ani the courne was very heavy. FAITLUB .AT GLocsTR.-By a misprint it was stated in our impresIon of Monday last that Mr. Cassle, of Glocester, had failed for 80,0001. W'e are now informed that it is not Mr. Caasie, but Mr. Eassle, who has failed,; and we regret that through the illegilility of our correspondent's writing or the carelessness of our compositors anyinjury should have been done to M.-, Csmie's credit through M, EaEsie's default.
THE ELBCTION FOR THB COUNTY OF .MTD.DLFSBX. Yesterday the election of a member to esarro in Parlia mnent for the coutty of Mfiddlesex in the room of Lord Robert Grofvenor, on whom Her Majesty has conferred the honour of a peerage, took place at Breutford, The Hon. George Byng, who for the lst five years has represented Tavistok in Parliament, wu the only candidate. The uT.- favourable state of the weather and the abeence of aJl opposition, rendered the proceedings of the election a mere formality. There wero no electors in fron' of the husting3, and the attendance of the more immedlate friends of Mr. Byng did not at any tine exceed 30 in number. Among these were the Hon. Mr. Bouverie, hLP., Sir Walter Stirling, Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., Mr. Humphries, Mr. T. Montgomery, &c. At 10 o'cock Messrs. Mechi and Keats, who conjointly fill the office of High Sheriff for the county, accompanied by Messrs Crosley and Anderton, the under sheriffs, appeared on the hustings In their official costume, and after some time had elapsed Mr. Byng, attended by some friends, arrived, and the formal p-oceedings were then gone Mr. Sheriff lMlai then called upon the electors to name tbe person whom they proposed should represent them in Palaent r. MONTGroiMERY then came forward to propose lfr. Byng. He said it waa but a few months ago that he had the honour of sup rting the nomination of their late repre. entative, Lord Kobert Grosvenor. Circumstances over which he had no control had devolved on him the duty of proposing to the electors of Middlesex a candidate to supply the place of that nobleman, who had vacated his seatby reason of Her Majesty having conferred upon him the dignity of the peer-ge. He beheved that there never was a more honest or conscientious member of Parliament than Lord Robert Grosvenor, and he hoped that as Lord Ebury, when he took his seat in the House of Lords, he would be received with the same respect and attention as he had always met with in the Lower House of Parliament. When he heard of the elevation of Lord Grosvenor, he, having for some years taken a deep interest in the representatior of the county, consulted hia friends as to who should be proposed as the noble lord's sucoessor. They had already at tbe last election chosen a gentleman who was more particularly connidered to represent the great mercantile interests of the county, and as a man more immediately connected with themselves. Prom the short experience they had had of hi. conduct in the House of Commons he had no doubt that Mr. Hanbuzy would give great satisfaction to that class of the electors whose interests he might be considered :.re esptcilly to represet. (Hear, hear.) Bat It ans thovght that as the commercial interests of the comm; .ity were so ably represented by that gentleman, tb ay ro}ht with perfect Dropriety look out for a rerre6en 1 ve of that class of the electors who were more directly ~nnected with the county by property, family, and A .1c.. (Hear, hear.) There were but few county familes attached to liboral opinions in politics, and among those few ,hey bad no difcunlty in fixing upon the name of Byng of W'otham Park. (Cheers.) A predecessor of that gentleman had represented the county of Middlesex for many years. He was the leader of the Liberal party at a time when it was almost dangerous to be called a Liberal. After serving the county for a long series of years, he wasatlength removed from amnong them, and the electors then naturally looked to the successor of that family as the future representative of the county. At that time, however, the gentleman whom he now proposed as a candidate was too young to come forward, but he was even then preparing himself for a future life of active and useful exertion. For the last five tears he had been a member of Parliament and had distinguished himself as a man of education, and had made himself thoroughly acquainted with all the great questions which formed the subjects of consideration at the present day. Everyone spoke of him as having in all his efforts in the House of Commons been highly successful, and as being a young man of rising talent and of indepen. dent character, and in every way worthy of being a memnber for the county of Middlesex. (Cheer.) There were many important topics to be discussed in the next session of Parliament, a statement of which Mfr. Byng would himself presently make; but there was one point to wkich he begged to call their attention. The Liberal party differed from all other parties in this, that every member of that party was at perfect liberty to think for himself, and to form his own opinion upon any subject brought before him, They did not think that a member representing the Liberal party should necessarily be bound by ny particular formula or creed. Their doctrine was that every man should form his own opinion, without slavishly following the prevailing opinion of the day. Such was the case of Mr. Byng. On some particular points he did not aree with that gentleman; but he would not give a halfpenny for the man who having forued an opinion would not stick to it. (Hear, hear.) No doubt, one great question that would engage the attention of Parliament in the next session would be Parliamentary reform. There would necessarily arise varions opinions upon the subject. What, in his opinion, ought to be done by the electors was that before the next meeting of Parliament they should confer together and discuss the matter, in order to give their representatives some notion of what it was they really wished to be done. He, for one, was of opinion that every man who paid rates and taxes should have a vote for a representative in Parliament. That would constitute a fair representation of the people. No registration would be required; the rate-book would be the register. It wastrue since the days of hr. Byig's progenitors many great reforms had been gained. But stiU there remained much to be effected. There were wanting church reform, army reform, and great reforms in the civil departments. Wit regard to church reform, generally speaLkig, he would say that the church thould be severed from the State, and-that there should be an equilistion of payment to the ministers of the church estblishmeut. With respect to a reform in the army he had no doubt the daily discussion of that subject would ultimately effect all tbat was desired; but at the present momnent the great object was to inecrease the army so that the Government might be enabled to put down the monstrous atrodties that were being perpetrated in India. Cheers.) A egardedeformsin the civil departments, one rmportant thing was to put an end to the " circumlocution office" and mere matters of routine. On most of these points he was glad to}kvow that Mr. Byng's opinion coincided with his own, But there were objections raised to Mr. being the representative of Middlesex. It had been sid byamorning paper thatthey were sending two boysto Parliament to represent Middlesex. Now in that respect what were the facts? Mr. Hmnbury was 35 Jears of age and had a family of children; wb;te Mr. Byng was in his 28th year, had taken high honours at College, had represented a small constituency for five years in Parliament, and had by his exertions there made a favourable impression. If such men were not fit to represent a county constituency, who, he would ask, were the qualified candidates for that honour? (Hear, hear.) He begged to propose the Emu. George Byng as a fit and proper person io repreSen. the county of hliddleEex in the Commons' House of Parliament. (Cheers.) Mr. J. BRMTIGTON MntLs seconded the nomination, Mr. Byng brought with him an honourable name, and if the electors of Middlesex gave him the opportunity he would transnmit that name unsullied to succeeding generationL Oheers.) Theywere notcaUed upon to accept an untried man. Or. Byng hao already been a member of Parliament for five years, and had recorded his votes for the abolition of church rates, for the removal of Jewisb I disabilities, for vote by ballot, and he was pledged to support a measure for the extension of the suffrage, These were votes wbich showed his great attachment to the cause of civil and religious liberty. r. Byng was a man too independent both in station and in mind to take his cue from any Minister, and was bold enough to tell that Minister what were the wants and expectations of the people. He wonud tell that Minister that no measnre of Parliamentary reform would be satisfactory which did not include an extinction of nomination borouehs and a large extension of the suafmge. (Hear, hear.) There was one point of view which at the present moment made Parliamentary reform a matter of considerable impanoe They aU lamented the mutiny of the native army in India, and the horrible atrocities which that army had committed. Tbey must also deeply lament the dreadful retribution that must inevitably follow those unparalleled atrocities But eventually a great change in the government of India mast take place, and the whole government of that country must be transferred from the East India Company to the Crown. This would at once confer animmense amiountof patronage on the Mlinister of the day; and, looking at the matter in a oonetitutional point of view, no one could fail to see that there would be a vast opening for corruption of the members of both Houses of Parliament highly dangerous to the interests of the country at large. (Hear, hear.) The only check against this danger was the popular control that could be brought to bear upon the Minister, and that through the medium of the House of Commons Hence the absolute necessity of Parliamentary reform to ward off the danger of i an otberwise overwhelming influenco by means of increased Ministerial patronage. (Hear, hear.) No other candidate being proposed, Mr. Sheriff MEcs= declared the Hon. George Henry BynL to have been duly elected a member to serve in Parhament as the representative of the county of Mfiddlese. (Cheers.) Mr. BYNG then came forward and addressed the few electors pre-ent as follows :-Gentlemen electors of Middlesex,-I appear before you to-day with mingled feelingsfeelings of heartfelt pride, and I trust also, with not an unbecoming humility (hear); with heartfelt pride because I Gm glad that the samename and the sarneprinciples aroaocept. able to the eleoctors of Middlesex in the year 1857 as they were a century ago, when my great grandfather represented Middlesex, and I say a feeling of humility because I am conFotous that the varied interests of the great metropolitan county demand talent far higher and superior to any I can pretend to pomwes. At the same time, having been elected by you, I beg to say that I nm not unconscions of the nature of the duties I am called upon to discharge; and so far as hIth and strength will admit I shall fuly dedicate my time, sill, and talent to the eonsdentious discharge of those duties. (Cheers.)Thsse arenottimes for holydaylegislatlon. We hr.a grave and important subjects to discuss in the next aession of Parliament-subjeota of vital interest both as Affe*s our welfare at home and abroad And what is the first which arrests our attention? It is expressed in one word, and that one word is " India." (Cheers) I cannot tr-sT myself to say what I feel upon those lamentable 6o0tr renoes, the records of which we daily read. Iam well swath4 that after ealamitons events have happened Lt it ery- easy to find fault with thoee who it is suppoeed migh: bave pre. vented them. But it would be presumptuous to. say that human or foresightor humanprecautions could have ave4ed them. This, however, I will and mnust xay,,that. England was forewarned of thedangers to which she was exposed in India, and that England was not fore-armed to meet them. (IHear, hear.) When I say forewarned I mean this,-that we have repeatedly been told that the European forces In India were wholly insufficient to support the power of England in that oountry. ThoEe wating have proved too true; ad we have neglected to profit by them. So much with regard to the pat; now, M to the present and the future he duty of the people of England at the present moment is to heck up the Government with All the power they think proper to command to re-orgauize Idia. Let the hinister be empowered to quell the mutiny that is now raging, to visit with a just retribution those Wbo have committed the korrible crimes of vhick wo daily read. Let them punish with due severity those demons in human shape who have so outraged all the ordinary priuciples of our common nature. Azd then let them consolidate our Indian moire upon a more endurable basis. But how was that to be one ? IWhy, in the first place, let them send out the best men the' can f5d, irrenpective of pary influence-men best acquainted with India, and who are most able to discharge the duties required of them; and when such men are sent let them be well supported. When they are sent thousands of miles away stnd by them as you would by an absent friend. Don't let the people ay, " These men are iusufficient for the important duties required of them; they are not equal to the emergency-" buit let the Minister come down to Parliament and tiere openly state that in his opinion the people are mistaen, and that if due time be given to them the men of whom they complain will prove that they are equal to the emergency; but that if they should not, why, then, he would at once remove them and appoint better and abler men in their stead. By doing this two things would be amcomplished-it would strengtben the hands of those sent out to fight your battles, and would impress the people at home with this conviction, that If our leaders abroad fell short In the discharge of those high duties required of them they would be recalled and replaced by men more competent to perform them. This what ought to be done in the first place. But there were other measures neoessary to be adopted with regard to the future government of India. There should no longer be divided oounciJl and a divided Government. I am aware that by transferring the government of India to the Crown you will be giving a great amount of patronage to the Minister for the time being. This may, perhaps, induce you to hedtate, but if such additional power be placed in the hands of the Minister you have at Jeast this hold over him, that every appointment he sakes and every order he sends out may be made the subject of comment in Parliament and all the proceeedings in the government of India be brought under Parliameutary controL With respect to the mutiny in India ny belief is that fanaticism has hada great deal to do with it. (1-iHear, hear,) The popreation of India re devoted to their religion, which, hosever absurd in its creed, has been bdnded down to them tor ages, and which they regard with all sincerity and afection. Why I thinkfanaricism has had much to do with the mutinous outbreak is because I find that the efforts to promote Christianity were not confined to the legitimate exertions of private individuals. but wero made by men placed in high military positions. The people of India wern thus led to believe that we were not merel anxioUS to convert them to Christianity by fair ad legihmate means, but were about to adopt a military system of propagandism. Another point in regard to tho government of da which appears to he open to objection is the nt of sufficient autherity being given to persons placed in high trust andresponsibility. Their exertions were crippled, and when it was seen by those who were inder their command that every act of real power emenated from Calcutta, the influence of the European officers became weakened and their authority was merely nominal. When they found that the sentence of a court- nartial could not be carried into effect without being previously confirmed by the Governor-Oeneral at Calcutta they regarded their officers as mere pup pets. The great rule, however, for the government of India is strict justice. Let India be governed upon that maxim, and then it will become a mighty adjunct to this great empire. In referenoe to our relations with the countries of Europe, my wish is that our policy should be a spirited policy-I mean a policy in deeds and not in words. Why should not the same maxims which govern our sodal relations between neighbour and neighbour prevail between country and country? I deprecate all interferenoe with the internal administration of other countries, unless under the most urgent necessity. So long as the foreign policy of this country is conducted on these nrinciples there is no reason to apprehend that the peace of the world will be endangered. (liear, hear.) 1 will nowr make a few remarks on our home policy. The foremost topic at this moment is Parliamentary reform. I do not wish to subvert the principles of the Reform Bill of 1832, but my desire is to improve upon them. I wish to see the franchlie extended simultaneously with the growing education of the people. I desire to see the franchise founded, not merely upon the occupation of a 10. house, but upon the intelligence of the individuaL I am prepared to support any measuro that is based upon sound princple, that is honest in its aim, and comprehensive in its details. There are reat anomalies in our representative system. I think it is wrong that a borough member should be able to swamp a connty member. I think large constituencies mayveryjustlydemand to have agreater voice in making the laws than smaller constituencies. With regard to vote by ballot I have alreudy expressed my opinion. I wish, if posdble, that every man should vote openly and honestly, but when I know that there are men who are afraid of being distained on for rent, or of being deprived of the means of subsistence, if they dare vote contrary to the wishes of others, it is impossible that such men can exercise freedom of will by open voting. It is to meet such cases, therefore, that I am prepared to vote for the ballot, as I have hitherto done in five successive sessions. There is one great question intimately connected with civil and religous liberty-I mean the admission of Jews into Parliament. he subject has been debated over and over again, and I believe there is not the shadow of an argument remaining to sbow why Jews should be excluded from aitting in Parliament. If the Jew pleses he may take the oath prescribed and take his seat, but he is too honest and conscientious to do so. He is wiUling to swear all that the oath contains; but he objects to the words "on the true faith of a Christian," and on that ground alone is he excluded from Parliament. I do not think that is either just or right. A Jew may be an elector, he may be a Lord Mayor and a sheriff, but he must not be a member of Parliament. Where can be the distinction? Every honest and upright man in England enjoys the rights of citizenbhip, and what is to prevent him from aspiring to represent his fellowcountrymen in Parliament? It is impossible that such a law as that which excludes the Jew from Parliament can long remain on the statute-book. I trust that next session the measure will be again introduced, and be passed bya trumphant majority, and I bope it wwil finaUy receive the assent of the House of Lords. Rea r her.) With reference to church-rates, I ieg o By that I am a sinoere member of the Cuh of England, and I wish to see the fabric of the church maintained, but I do not wish to see it maintained by means of annual agitations, disputes, and discords. (Hear, hear.) I have, therefore, felt it imy dauty to vote for the total abolition of church-rate. I have at various meetings touched upon local subjects, And will therefote now conclude by saying a few words respecting myself. It is perfectly true that you might have chosen An older and abler man; but this Iwill say, that you could not have chosen one more sincere in his attachment to liberad principles, or one more ready to devote his time and talent to support them. But, if I go to Parliament, it will be as your representative, and not as your delegate. (Hear, hear.) I have a right of free will, and that right I will exercise. Cheers.) I have nothing to gain by a seat in Parliament. t has pleased Providence to place me in a position where I want nothing from any Minister, save good laws and good government. I have always thought that liberal principles were the only principles upon which the go,7ernment of this country could be conducted, and I believe 'hose principles are essential to all alutary and progressive reforms. Reform as much as yon picase, but do not des.troy. Sound liberal principles are tbose which I wish to see guide the Minister of this country, and they are the only principles which are safe and prudent to be advocated. The hon. gentleman concluded by expressing his thanks to his numerous friends who had conducted his election, and to the constituency for having that day elocted him. (Cheers.) Mr. HANBuRy, M.P., congratulated the electors on havimg returned Mr. Byng as his olloeague. When it was intimated to him that Lord B. Grosvenor was about to retire, he felt some degree of alarm as to who migbt be his future coleague. The name of Byng had been associated for many years with all that was liberal and high-minded, and he felt that he and his new colleague should go on hand in hand in supporting all me asures of progressive reform, and which they believed would be most conducive to public interests. He begged to move a vote of thanks to the sheriffs. Mr. BYNGa seconded the motion. Sheriff mrcn, said, he and his friend Mr. Keates were much gratified to find that they bad disnharged their duty to the satisfaction of the electors. (Cheers.) The proceedinzs then terminated. TAVISTOCK. The candidates now before the electors are the Hon. Arthur Runssell and Mr. Edward Miall, late MLP, for Rochdale. The latter gentleman addressed the electors at the Bedford Hotel on Wednesday evening. Mr. MIALLL prefaced his speech by observing that he did ot like to be in apparent antagonism wfith those who pro- tfessed nearly the same political opinions as himself. It was with considerable reluctance that he consented to contest the election for the borough, because he wras accustomed to hold in high respect the character and conduct of his Grace tbe Duke of Bedford. Be thought that, even in relation to this borough, eonsidering the large amount of property he possessed there, and the influenOe he could exerci3e if he chose to do so, he had behaved with the utmost nobility and honour, by allowing even those who hada claim upon hissympathy to exercie their political rights according to the dictates of their own conscienc. He had set a proud example to tho aristocracy of the comtry. He (Mr. Mial) had been waited upon by a deputation, and circumstauoeawero explained tohim which induced him to think that he, as public man, sboald oome forward and ask them for their support. He thought the electors had been subieoted to some sharp practice by his opponent; Mr. Ru2sl, arriving at Tavistock at the same time that the writ for another election to fill the vacancy ocasdoned by the resignation of the Hon. G. Byng was recalved, and sarcely one personknew then that a vacancy in the representation was at all near at hand. It seemed that the electors had no right to choose a candidate for themselves in the opinion of oertain persone, and it beboved themto standup nd asserttheirrig* orthey woDla be afterwards told they were compolled to resort to Hobeon'x choloe. It appesred to him that this was a time, above all others, when the electors of the country should freelyexer. dse their prerogative. The hon. gentleman then prooeeded to ask what ware the pzincipea quesions vhich were then agitating the public mind ? The finrt were constitutional qustions, the second were those of religious liberty, and the third were those questions arising out of our foreign de- pondendes and tie recnt lamentible eutbreak In th, great prorine of Thdi. As to the tonsUktionitt, ques. timus, he thought there cotld be -no nistako what' ever AN to the Opinions of the 4oustry ut the lat geneal eleciten. It was ib, oplnton of bothbLieral andConservat membersthaIthi H se of V0ns ong a athpreenlt constituted failed lyt res setpublir f fion. ldord Palbarxton th thc ishl"i in the no toM hr Whd. stat eAOd that Oar Malt sesSio l phoul d endeavour to extend lii reVresentirtae system Hobeie t ved thilt the rigt to take pat ol te government of the *ou ntry belonged to all thos who paid towatd, -*trI support of the Governmnent. fLou4 applaus) He admired the old mnotto, "IlRepresentation. asd taxation, should be co.extenslva.. Re -would say tbat -if the Mlinistry of t.hu clay offered a fair aLnd autbstanfla Reform Bill thait would includg within It a larg pKoportion of the intlellgent working men, and woula greatly ineress the number of -voters, and at tho sen tiDe afrord - them protection that shouldfalldi tribile the seate in Parliament. he would afford them kis hearty and zeslous support, The questior of the ballot he oonsidered to of vitA importanoe. Bc thought that where property was so unequnlly dis. tributedas it neoeastrily as in thiscountry,that shere Eune immense influence was poessed by those of exalted rank, and where the people were, to a great extent, delendent upor them, where a vote Wa given protection should be given to the voter to enable him to record it without beine aubjected to material damage for so doing. ED was in favour of the abolition of the property qualification of members, and thought that the Scotch membdrs, who were not reqaired to poses a propery qualiiWioni, were as independent as Egli member. The second class of ques. tonS were those rekting to religious liberty, and here he might say that he w conada±edtr ance of the' Liberal party, and probable in adtanoe of that eonatitnency. en they talked of religious berty he was prompted to substitute forth. last word another, which more nearly and correctl xpssed his ow ann, and to say for it lie4u r" rlioshen he was told tt this State wh the most tolerant in Chrirtendom -when, am a Taoenter, and he open]y avowed that he ww-a one, he was told that he ought tobe thankful foi the measure of freedom whish he poneseed-he felt strongly influenced to stand up and auk who had mude the party wbo had expressed this opinion, or any one else, matter over his conscience. (Appau) A man might. as well come forward th the utmost solemnity and inform him that by the graciou permision of the State he might walk out into the light of the sun without any hindrance, that he might enjoy the beneficent smiles of the Creator in the natural world, that be might use the pbjsical power which he po3sessed, or that he might -eat or drnk without hindrance. To such persons he wonld say, " I thank you for nothing." He pomeseed that liberty as a natural right, and he had not to tbank them for IriDn ft to bim. It was his inallen0ble right, an any one attempted In the slightest degree to restrict his liberty in this resect he a doing'tfatwhkh w nwrongtrespassing on the rights which the Creator h&d given bim, and it was therefore presumption in any one to tell him that he ought to be thankful for being allowed to wtorshipl God acoor'iy to the dictates of his own conscience. lls opinion was that the relation subsisting between man and God, and all matters referring to the exerciie of his religious duties, were matters sictly between man and bis Creator alone. lo Government, therefore, had s right to interferein the exercise of these duties. Goverrnments were not constituted for any such purpose. They wire organized to manage the seear affirs of the -ountry -to administer jtibe betveen man and man a nd to protect men from extrnal injur'. But when Government interfered with atintte f religion they trespmaed on that which was out of their sphere They might just as welltake upon themselves tolegidate about the tides, er anything tat Is completely uder the excusive control f God alone, a to pretend to legislte wit a view to the advancement of religion. Mr. Mush trongly condemned the views of those who vere anxious that the opponents of church.ratee should provide a substitute for shem, and expreEsed hisnconvictiop that the best substitute that cculd be offered for this unjust Impost would be found in the general sympathies of Churchmen themselves. Churchmen snouldfeel that the Establishment waxdependent upon their individual support, and not upon Government aid; and they would soonhow that they poessed the power, not only to preserve the church in its present efficiency, but to place it a poition of far greater strength and usefulness. After making one or two remarks on the Jewish disabilities, which, be said, were adisgrcweto the country, thehror gentlcman came to thethirdpoint, which has reference to our rela. tionatowards our colonial dependencies, and in regard to this question he said that it . was impossible to forbear entering upon the consideration of that lamentable occurrenco which had recently taken place in the East-the military mutiny of the Sepoys, by which our fellow-countrymen, who were thinly scattered over that country, had been exposed to the greatest atrocities that the eye could witness, and had never been excelled in the annals of our country, With all his heart and soul he would express his fervid sympathy for those who had been exRoved to wrong and butebery. They had endured privation and suffering with admirable firmnes sar d had oppoeed with a bold and determined front the efforts of the mutinee which were evidently directed to the ulling down of sue power of this country in India. With the rela. tives of tbosewho had thus fallen he also begged to express hls deep and earnest sympathy; and whatever might be necessary for the Government to do to master this rebellion, tocrush it out, to dinsipate all the elements of It to the wind, though it might be by the sacrifice of much property, and each individuaI in this country might be caled upon to contribute far niore largely than his circum6tances would allow, yet he would render to the Govern. ment all the aid he could afford in order to preoure the re-establishmeent of order, law and British supremacy in Indif, because he believed tbat the interests of the 200, 000,000 souls committed th us by God's providence to gov ern in tbat empire were identical with the mainteDance of thatlaw, order, andBritish supremacy. (Applause.) Butwhile he said thus much be did not think that our duty to that country would be fully and adequately performed when we put down the parties vho were now struggling against our authority. He took a deep interest in the measure which was passed some time since for the government of that country, and he was then, as now, und as he had always been, impressed with the fact that for a commercial company to $overn 200,000,000 of people in order to make them pay was impolitic and unjust in the hlghest degree He believed that that system must be aliput an end to. The native army at Benigal had been utterly destroyed. It was organized and maintained for the purpose of securing to this country its conquests. It never had any interest for the country over which it wsu scattered, but now that this army was no more he thought it behoved us-and this was one of the solemn questions that members of Parliament would be called upon to consider in the next or ensuing essions -to re-organize the government of our Indian possessions. For his own part, he was firmly persuaded tbat these possessions hbould be placed under the governmLent of the Crown, and that the Ministry of the day should be reaponsible to the country for the proper admi'istration of the affair of our Estern possessions. What ever might be the cost-and they must ta-e care that irdividual interests did not suffer by our general legiilation-the Fast India Company ought to cease, and oDght no longer to be permitted to have anything to do with the government of tbe East. Let the menagEnment of affairs be transferred to the responsible officers of the Crown; let them maintain such a military force as was necessary to keep in order the population of that region. Let them divert tho taxes from the large native army to the developement of the resources of one of the most magnificent provinces of God's earth-try to mete out those meaxures of justice to which they were entitled, and we might depend upon it that in this instance we should find that the ru le of right wa the rule of profit, and that, so far as our commerciail interests were concerned,tbey would never be so prosperous as when the people of England determined that justice should be done to India. (Much applause.) These were the principles by which he should be guided if it should be hi good fortune to be returned as a member for that borough. They were the principles by which be had been guided hitherto. He professed not to be exempted from infirmities more than any other people, or to be more free from tboee political passions which found a place in the breasts of other men. He had always endeavoured to discharge his duty conscientiously and honestly Ile could truly say that in Parliament this had been his constant aim, and he thought he could refer with conafidence to the constituency which be had recently represented, aDd which, coording to constitutional principles, he ought now to represent, and he thought e could promise that constituency, In case he should be elected, that any profession he bad made he should endeavour con. secientioualy to carry out to the best of his ability, They were not engagizi adversaries, but only supporting certain principlesawhich they believed to be right, and which they desired to asert, As he understood the question, they desired to send to the House of Commons those whom they considered would best represent them, in order that they might express their sentiments during the settlement of those great politicl questions which would come before the eIlalature. SuchL beinB their object, they could ssert those prmciples withot violence, and, although there mightbe some dierence of political feeling, he, for one, professed, and he doubted not that thoceon the other side did the same, an earnest desire that the electors of that borough sbould not be influeneed by party motives, much less by mean or unworthy motives, but by high publio consideration, by judgmentt discretion, and common *ense, and by all those qualities that went to mal;e up a va nable and intelligent political constituency. (Loud applause.) If they decided, in the exercise of those qualities, that he wvas not the man to represent them he wronld most contentedly bow to their decision*; but if they decided that he lws worthy of their suffrages, then he should endeavour most earnestly and honestly to perform the dutics which the had intrusted to him. In wbatever way the decsion might be made, whether they chose him or the relative of his hon. friend behind him (Mr. F. C. Hastings Ruell, hi.. r Beifordhirel, he would say this, that they deserved to have an opportunxty of esercins their freedom, and he ap. pearsn there almo6t exciudvelw with a viewv of affording them that opportunityc The hon. candidate sat down amid loud cheers. A resoltion infavourofMr. Miall was then put to the meeting, and was carried almost unanimously. (By XlstIC A1¶D IN='TiATIONAL TELEORAPH.) The nomination took place yesterday (Thursday) morning, at 11 o'clock, on hustings erected in front of the Guildhai the Portreeve, Dr. Harness, being the returning officer. M1. Arthur Russel was proposed byMr. Gill, banker, and seconded by Mr. MAY. Mr. Edward Miall w proposed by Mr. NICOLLS, iron. founder, and seconded by Dr. SLnE.AN. Mr. RUnell having hortly addressed the elector Mr. Mall was proceeding to deliver his speech, when the%. winch were put together in haste, gave way, and several persons were sloasly iniured and one lad killed. The meeting was adjourned to the Bedford Hotel, where the show of hands was in favour of Ir. hMialL The polling taes place to-day (Friday). CRYSTAg PALACz.-ON-x SEnjmAo DAY, Thursday, Sept. 3-Admissions on pajment 2,718; ditto by seaLon Ucketa, 218; total vistors,.92.i&
DISOOYBBIBS IN CENTRAL AFRICA.* The last 10 years have added more to the stock ot knowledge we p4sNseh of the iaterior of Africa than wa)y praevioi oeut;y hnd it might almost be allowed us to discern in this fact a specially providential purpose. On the one hand, manufacturing industry has reeeived so wonderful a developmrnt in Europe that in more than one of its departrAnents some anxiety begins to be felt for a more mple supply of raw materiaL On the other, the failure Df the attempt to put down that great disgrace of humanity, the slave trade, by the process of blockading the coast of Africa, has dtiinulatea the desire to endeavour to suppress the evil if possible in the bud. Whatever ulterior steps may be dedirable, it is quite certain that the first condition of suacceedin,g in this attempt is to bring thevwide region from which the human exports are derived into closer intercourse with the civilized vorld, and to prove to the native chieftains by whom the supply is furnished that motives of interest no less than those of humanity should induce them to suppress the accursed system from which alone they now derive their wealth. In both these points of view the researches of Dr. Barth, of which the first instalment has been given to the public in three thick volumes, are of the highest interest. He has explored personally a large portion of Central Africa, lying between the parallels of 90 and 180 N., and has obtained from authentic sources detailed information respecting much more. His own route from day to day is carefully laid down on a scale which enables him to note all the important topographical features which strike the traveller; and with the help of the coloured iUustrations and spirited woodcuts, both of which are very numerous, the reader in his armchair may form a perfect conception of those mysterious regions which have proved beyond any other part of the world the grave of explorers. It is, perhaps, hardly a censure upon a work which for comDleteness and scientific exactness may take its place by the side of the volumes of Palas and Shaw, to add that the general reader must not expect in it the liveliness of style and the interest of detail which recommend an author to the shelves of the circulating library. Dr. Barth has contrived to write good Engllsh; buthistreatment of his subject isessentially German, with all the solidity and all the heaviness which characterize our " brazen entrailed" cousins of theTeutonic stem. Hewasengagedinlecturing at the University of Berlin when, in October, 1849, an offer was made to him, through the Chevalier Bunsen, to join a mission which the British Government were about to send into Central Africa, under the direction of the late Mr. Richardson; and although the circumstances under which travelling in Africa takes place are eminently unfavourable to voluminous composition, his subsequent acquaintance with the Desert has not obliterated the early habits formed in the lecture-room. It was on the 24th of March, 1850, that our traveller, accompanied by Dr. Overweg, who during a momentary hesitation of Dr. Barth, occasioned by domestic considerations, had volunteered in his place, set out from Tripoli to Mourzouk, the point where the exploration of the country was to begin by the pursuit of a new route into Central Africa. The party had been supplied by the British Government with whatever appliances it was thought they would require, among others with a boat and an English sailor for the navigation of the lake Tsad, when it should be reached. The choice of the latter was a very unfortunate one, the defects of his character proving such that Mr. Richardson thought it better, on arriving at Mourzouk, to send him home; but the boat, cut into four pieces, after being transported by camels through a circuitous and difficult route for more than 2,000 miles-an object of as much marvel to the barbarous tribes through which it passed as an elephant would be in a cotton factory-ultimately arrived at the place of its destination, and did good service. Unhappily, the whole of the instrumeitts provided were not well adapted for their purposes. The maximum and mini7num thermometers were so out of order that they could not be used. There was no mountain barometer, and the only aneroid barometer was injured on the first excursion; so that the sole method left the travellers of ascertaining the elevation of the country was by observing the temperature at which water boiled. The tents were so light that they could not withstand a blast of wind, and, not being lined, scarcely excluded the sun. However, an additional tent, better suited for tropical travelling, was procured by Mr. Richardson, with whom ajunction had been formed two or three days after leaving Tripoli, and on the oth of April the three travellers fairly embarked upon an enterprise from which only one, and he after an interval of five years, was to return. The principal feature in the road to Mourzouk is the elevated desert steppe called El Hammada, which stretches east and west with a breadth of 130 or 140 miles, and a height above the level of the sea of more than 1,600 feet in some places. In this parched region animal and vegetable life seem almost extinct, except in a few green spots, where the rains which fal in occasional storms have accumulated and allowed small patches of vegetation to spring up, which afford sustenance to the camels of the caravans. In order to take advantage of these, the rate of travelling is, contrary to what a stranger might have expected, considerably reduced. Before reaching the Hammada our travellers had averaged nearly two miles and a-half an hour over more difficult ground, while here, although it was level and open, the pace rarely reached two. The wider the ground, the more the camels disperse and straggle, instead of preserving a straight line, and consequently the very circumstances which might be thought favourable to the acceleration of a journey really tend to retard it. Over this elevated plain passes all the traffic between Tripoli and Central Africa. It may be some illustration of its extent, that one of the few living creatures in the desolate region, a small green bird called "Asfir," subsists entirely upon the vermin which it picks from the feet of the camels as they paes. After seven days' march through the Bammada, Dr. Barth descended from the plateau through a rough winding pass of sandstone, so black that at first sight any one would have taken it for basalt, to a sandy waste in which was the object of anxious hope to man and beast-El Hasi (the well),-the great watering place of aU the caravans by this road. Thereare severalwella, in allof which thewater is seen bubbling up and constantly at the same level. By the side of one of these the travellers pitched their heavy Tripolitan tent, and enjoyed the luxury of " being able to stretch themselves without being covered with sand." A couple of days' rest was imperiously demanded, the people being all greatly fatigued ; and Dr. Barth's readers have profited by the delay in a coloured lithograph from a sketch which he made of the scene,-a comfortless one enough for a haven of rest. The elevation of this important halting place is fixed by Dr. Overweg at 606 feet, and it is here that the dominions of Fezzan commence, and the poptulation becomes decidedly black. The capital, Mourzouk, is situated on another plateau, nearly as high as the Hammada, and approached by even more difficult defiles. The travellers reached it on the 6th of MIay, and remained there till the 13th of June, while making preparations for carrying out their more extended plans. They were anxious to visit Air (or Asben), a counry never trodden by any European foot, whih lies 6 or 7 degrees to the west Of the direct road betw-ee-n 3MIo-uorz-ou-a'n-d Bornou. There was great difficulty in carryi:g out this scheme. The chiefs of Ghat-a portion of the race called by the Arabs "Tuarick" although they term themselves "Im6shagh""-were negotiated with for the purpose. These Im6shagh are de- scribed by Dr. Barth as a sort of rural aristocracy, something like that of the ancient Spartans. They are the descendants of the ancient Berbers, which are mentioned under the various local names of Libyans, Numidians, Libyphcenicians, Giutulians, &c., by Greek and Roman writers, and formerly covered the whole of Northern Africa. They did not, however, then extend to the very border of the naked desert, and were bounded on the south by a region occupied by Ethiopian races; but in the first half of the eleventh century a numerous immigration of Arab families expelled the Berbers. These, flying southwards, fell upon their southern neighbours, and in some instances reduced them to a condition of przedial servitude. The Im6shagh thus govern the Imghad, a race of a much blacker skin and a different language, whose inferiority is marked by their not being allowed to wear any showy dress, carry an iron spear, or wear a sword. Unfortunately, the ruling class derive a revenue not only from the labour of their de- pohaents, but also from levying a toll upon the V'arious caravans which pass through their country, and, the article of slaves forming a principal part of this traffic, the jealousy Qi the Ghat chiefs was naturally excited by the urtoward production of a letter from the British Government to one of their body, in wbich direct mention of the abolition of the sR,-ve trade was 3a&de. They at once refused1o exeeute the agreement which they were on the point of signing; and while the mere fact of making Overtures to tnem excited the irritation of another and, in Dr. Barth's opinion, more powerful protector-one Mohammed B6ro, a man of great influence In Central Africa, this blunder effectually put a stop to all chance of rendering them sincere friends. It would appear from this, and some other passages in Dr. Barth's narrative, that while rendering justice to the intrepidity of his oompanions he entertained no very high opinion of their tact and discretion, especially in the case of Mr. Richardson, to whose want of penetration and to that of Mr. Gagliuffi, the consul at Mourzouk, he ascribes the misfortunes which subsequently befell them. But it must be allowed that the most acute discerner of spirits may wel make mistakes in a country where every barbarous chief is anxious to obtain the confidence of travellers with the sole object of squeezing as much as possible out of them, and where the sole means to this end Is to represent hinself as a person of paramount importance among a population of robbers, there being at the same time no means of checking the truth of conflicting statements. Mohammed B6ro, however, who, with the Imposing title of " Lord of the Whites," resided in Agades, and had also a house in Sokatoo, and many connexions throughout Negroland, was a really formidable character. Disgusted with the discoverythathisimportancewasnot appreciated, heflew into a passion and told the travellers openly before all the caravan that he would take care they should be attacked on the road by some of his people,-a promise which was faithfuly fulfilled two months afterwards, although the force of the misfortune was perhaps somewhat lessened by an amende which Mr. Richardson, upon the entreaty of Dr. Barth, made a day or two before to the great man. But the means of the expedition were rather limited, and Mr. Richardson on this account made it a principle never to offer presents until compelled by the utmost necessity-an unfortunate policy, which materially diminished, if it did not altogether destroy, the feeling of obligation. From Mourzouk to the oasis of Ghat the route has a westerly direction, but from that point to Agades, the capital of Asben (which is placed by Dr. Barth in lat. 17° N., long. 8° E.), there is a general bearing southwards, with only occasional deviations towards the west. The important point in African travelling is, of course, to secure a sufficient supply of water and pasture for the camels. This is effected by keeping as much as possible along the "wadys," or riverbeds. When rain falls on the elevated plateaiux of these regions it is generally in such abundance that the depressions of the ground are rapidlyfilled, and an overflow takes place which forms the beginning of a broad and shallow torrent. All along the course of this there will consequently be found some scanty stock of vegetation on which the camel feeds, and here and there pools which sometimes assume the magnitude of lakes, while beyond the limits of the wady nothing meets the eye but the parched surface of the desert. The skilful caravan guide so shapes his course as to retain these advantages as long as possible, and to achieve the passage from one wady to another, where the purspit of his route renders it necessary, in as short a space as he can. In tropical Africa, however, the rainfall is so great that sometimes the wady is converted into a furious torrent which sweeps away the traveller. By one of these sudden storms the party nearly lost their lives, although, by a singular turn of fortune, the danger which they only just escaped was probably the means of saving them from destruction. It was only two or three days after losing a considerable part of their property by the hands of Mlohammed B6ro's countrymen, and while waiting for the restitution of the camels, which had been promised by a powerful chief whose friendship they had secured, that they encamped on an elevated spot in the middle of one of these watercourses:- " We had no antecedents from which to conclude the possibility that, in this region, a valley more than half a mile wide might be turned in 24 hours into a stream violent enough to carry away the heaviest thiLgs, not exccpting even a strong, tall animal like the cameland it was with almost childish satisfaction that' in the afternoon of Saturday, we went to look at the stream, which was just beginning to roll its floods along. It was then a most pleasant and refreshing sight; the next day it became a grand and awful picture of destruction, which gave us no faint idea of a deluge. . . Half an hour after midday the waters began to subside, and ceased to endanger our little island, which, attacked on all sides by the destructive fury of an im. petuous mountain torrent, swollen to dimensions of a con. aiderable river, was fast crumbling to pieces, and scarcely afforded any longer space enough to hold our party and our things.", At this very time a large number of the inhabitants of the country, who had assembled to celebrate a marriage in a neighbouring village, appeared on the shore of the wvady. They came prepared to make a last effort to obtain possession of the travellers' remaining property before an escort should arrive from Annur, the friendly chief above spoken of. The flood had, however, served as an effective barrier for the preceding night, and now, just as it was beginning to abate and the banditti saw their prey within their grasp, the escort came into view, and the disappointed robbers reluctantly retired. In African adventures a man's foes are very often those of his own household. The plot against the travellers had been matured in the caravan itself, and the afternoon before the incident just related an attendant of Dr. Barth, who had msolently squatted himself upon his carpet, on being requested by the Doctor to move replied coolly that the next night he should himself lie upon the carpet, and its owner at the bottom of the wady. It is by mere accident, Dr. Barth says, that Agades has not attracted as much interest in Europe as its sister town, Timbuctoo. It is said to have been once as large as Tuinis, and has from very ancient times enjoyed a kind of protection, like Elis in antiquity, from its commercial importance as a point of rendezvous between nations of the most different character, and having the most various wants. Perhaps our national pride may revolt on learning that until the arrival of Dr. Barth in this locality the existence of the English nation was unknown there, and that he succeecded in impressing the fact upon Abd-elKdder, the son of the Sultan, by informing him that the English nation was the one from which "E English powder" was derived. Starting from this point, the Doctor proceeded to explain to the barbarian chief that the English, although so far off, wished to enter into friendly relations with all the great men on the earth, in order to establish peaceable and legitimate intercourse with them. It is to be hoped that the colloquy, in spite of the inauspicious topic with which it commenced, produced some effect. Our traveller's judgment of Abd-el-Kader is, that " he is a man of great worth, though devoid of energy." The latter characteristic certainly could not be predicated of Mohammed B6ro, the merchant whom MIr. Richardson had so unfortunately offended. Dr. Barth, hearing that this person had been ill with fever since his arrival at Agades, took the opportunity afforded by the circumstance, and endeavoured to recover his good opinion by a friendly visit. The experiment perfectly succeeded. The haughty trader received him in a very friendly manner at his " nice little house" in the Enirar-u-sakan (place of young camels)-the Belgravia, we presume, of Agades, and when he left accompanied him a long way down the street. This " Lord of the Whites" rejoiced in no less than 50 sons, aU of whom had families; but in spite of domestic and commercial cares-for he was regarded as the wealthieat merchant in SokatooDr. Barth found him in 1854 preparing for another ptlgrimage to Mecca. With the important exception of his function as "Lord of the Whites," he held no political position at Agades; but his wealth and intelligence and his wide commercial connexions appear to have given him great j power, similar tothat possessed in analogous cases in more civiized countries. But the most curious example of the manner in which a monopoly of ability to minister to the ordinary requirements of society always confers influence is to be found in the circumstance that the Detty chieftains of Central Africa generaUy have for their Prime Minixter an " enhad,' or blacksith. Indeed, the Arabs In TnnhXuctoo give the confraternty of smiths generally'5he name of " m6lem," while the most expert femnale artiticer in leather, who enjoys above dll others the confidence of the chief's wife, is honoured with the title of the " m611ema." Agades was, in the opinion of Dr. Barth, a joint *iavam Ctfl £'lseocries in Central i Ajrua being . Journal of an Expedition undcreczken under the atwpiee of Her Britannic MAfqes~tv's Covenment in the nears 1849185. By Henry Baxtb, Ph.D., D.C.L., &c. Longmn" 1857, 5 os settlement made in remote antiquity by five of the Berber tribes, whose niames are yet preserved in the different localities of the town. In the earlier part of the 16th century, however, the great conqueror Haj Mohammed Askia expeUed the Berber population and established a colony of his own people fthe Soughay nation). This accountsforthecharop... eP of the language, which is ne,rjy ldoltUal with that of 'Timbuctoo 7~aitftvllgh that a cons1d&rablQ - portion of the Beebers renmained behind, and were amalgamated with the conquering race, is evinced both by the multitnde of Berber words which are Intermixed with the Soughay, and by the appearance of the population, in which the Berber type obviously reappears, especiaUy among the women. At one time the whole town had a circuit of about three miles and a-half, and may have contained a population of 50,000 inbabitants. The numbers are at this time not more than 7,000, and the inhabited houses between 600 and 700. The commerce was formerly so great that the Sultan of Agades was able to pay his feudal chief, the King of Soughay, a tribute of 150,000 ducats yearly. it is now inconsiderable; but Dr. Barth considers that it might be revived, and that the town would forma a good and comparatively healthy place for an European agent, from which to open relations with Central Africa. In an appendix he gives several routes which connect Agades with other places, and serve, as he says, " as rays of light to discover to us districts not yet vsited by any European." On the 30th of October Dr. Barth returned to Tintel-lust, the residence of the friendly sheik Aunur, and there awaited the arrival of the caravan, which he proposed to accompany to Soudan. The salt which is by this means conveyedto Kan6, the central mart of Nigritia, is in cakes of regular shape, of which the largest, called kantu, is equal to 20 of the smallest. They are formed at Bilma, whence the commodity is derived, by pouring it in a fluid state into wooden moulds. A camel carries eight kantus, and the caravan which Dr. Barth accompanied comprised about 2,000 of these animals. The chief duty of the " lord of the whites"-a title, it may be observed, which is not a native one-is to accompany this salt caravan as far as Sokatoo, protect it on the road, and secure it against exorbitant exactions on the part. of the natives. For this trouble he receives an eighth part of the salt; and, as he at the same time trades on his own account, he cannot fail to amass great wealth. Mohammed Boru, whose social importance reminds one of the Fuggers of the middle ages, possessed residences in Kan6 and Zinde, as weU as in Agades and Sokatoo. It was, indeed, unfortunate that so great a personage should have been alienated by the want of discernment of Mx. Richardson on his first introduction to him at MIourzouk. The caravan left Tintel-lust for the south early in December, but loitered on its wayuntil Christmasday had passed. The description given of the start is worth extracting:- "Late in the morning we began to move, but very slowly, halting every now and then. At length the old chief (Annur) himself came up, walking like a young man before his srAheri, which he led by the nosecord, and the varied groups composing the caravan began to march more steadily. It was a whole nation in motion, the men on camels or on foot, the women on bullocks or on asses, with all the necessaries of the little household, as well as the houses themselves, a herd of cattle, another of milk goats, and numbers of young camels running plavfully alongside, and sometimes getting between the regnlar lines of the Men anjials." It was altogether a jolly time. "In the evening there was playing and dancing all over the large camp, and the drummers were all vying with each other; and I observed that our drummer, .2ssn, who was proud of his talent, and used to call for a httle present, was quite outdone by the drummer of that portion of the cara, which was nearest to us, who performed his work with great skill, and caused general enthusiam among the dancing people. The many lively and merry scenes, ranging over a wide district, itself picturesque, and illuminated by large ires in the dusk of evening, presented a cheerful picture of animated native life, looking at which a traveller might easily forget the weak points in other phases of desert life.'s But this agreeable time was only a sort of prelude to the real journey. The fertile arable zone of central Afriea is bounded to the north by another of the " hainmadas," or elevated desert plateaux which have been described above. It extends from about 150 30' to 170 15', and is a sandy ledge, intersected here and there with low crests of rock, consisting [chiefly of gneiss, and Is singularly deficient in water, the only well on the road containing but a moderate supply of muddy fluid. Travellers, however, if they would not perish by thirst, must resort to this souree of supply, which is situated in a most dangerous locality, the border robbers; being -well n,wna that all caravans must necessarily visit it, and accordingly keeping constant watch to cut off any straggler3 or parties of insufficient strength to resist an attack. Here our travelers saw the year 1850 out, celebrating the event by a supper of two ostrich eggs,whichhadbeenfotud inthe sand bythe peopleof the chief Annur. The cold was very severe in the night and the wind strong, and Dr. Barth had considerable difficulty in avoiding the necessity of presenting a warm b6rmns which he wore to the donor of the ostrich eggs. From the plateau they descended into a country abounding in cattle, and were visited by the male inhabitants of a village of the Tag6.ma, the licentiousness of whose manners is described as extremely revolting. Even those whose behaviour was least vile did not cease to press their own sisters and wives upon their visitors. It seems not unlikely that these people are the descendants of the Auses and Machlyes mentioned by Herodotus, who migrated southward on the occasion we have already noticed, for Dr. Barth says that although the women were immensely fat, their features were very regular, and their skin fair. Marco Polo describes similar customs as prevailing in a part of Thibet, through which caravans passed; and it is eurious that while in the African village the dissoluteness of manners was combined with the reputation of peculiar sanctity, the husbands and fathers of the women wearing their hair in long tresses as the distinctive mark of being Merabetin (holy men), in Thibet the offensive practice was sedulously inculcated by the priests as a religious duty, and one especially calculated to secure the favour of the gods to the country. It appears, therefore, possible that in both cases we have a relic of an ancient Aphrodite worship, in which orgies such as those which drew down the Divine judgment on the nations of Canaan found an appropriate place. The grazing country of the Tag"na is succeeded by a rich undulating one-the corn-producing Damerghu, the granary of Air. Here the country presented the appearance of one unbroken stubblefield, and the travellers saw for the first time that peculiar style of architecture which extends through the whole of Central Africa-huts erected almost entirely with the stalks of the Indian corn. Scattered among these were the "stacks" of that article, consisting of enormous baskets made of reeds and placed on a scaffold of wood about two feet high, as a security against the ant and the mouse, and covered over with a thatched roof like the huts. At Tagalel, a village of this country, which belonged to their protector, the chief Annur, -tho travellers intended to part. They had reached a country in which single individuals could proceed on their way in safety, and their finances were so low that it became desirable to sink the dignity of the mission, and try what could be unostontatiously accomplished by each singie-handed until new supplies should arrive from homne. (To be continued.)
[Advertisement.]-The Rebellionin India.-The "Sunday Times," of Sunday next. September 6, will contain the frst of a serieq of popularly written articles, by J. H. Stocqueler, Esq. formerly of the Civil Service, aud author of the Handbook of India, &c., on the Rlie, Progrees, aDd Government of India, the Belation of the 8epoy3 to the British Power, and the Peculiarities of their charater; the OranizaUon of the Native Arm,; the Causes whch have produced the great Military Revolt and the means o be employed for Preserving the Anglo-Indian Implre. These artilels, from the pen of a gentleman long resident In Eiadostan, and connecttd with the Government there, and who basfor many years made Indian quesUong the object of his especal study, cannot fall to be scoeptabVe to the puble, and particularly to all thoee who are but Imperfectly au4nf iated with the history of tho Indian Government. In addition ihere wil1 be given full details of al the occurrences In India up to the latest m*oment with letters from correspondents there. Price (with supplemeni extending over 72 columns), 5d. Offloe, 103, Ilnet-6treet. Advertlsement.1-India, by J. IL Stocqueler (price Is Sbda) with a ful account of the origin, proeress. anddevelopment of the Mutiny in the Bengal Army, and suggeetions for the fature, with reliable information upon the Government of India; the productions, oommerce, coins, cUmate, wild sports, and religious ceremonies: European Lfeand Traveling In India. and descriptions of the chief towns-Deldi, Lucknow, Hyderabad, Calcutta, Maras, Bomba,.AEa: also, the various routes to India. Free by "ost for 20 stain - George Boutledge and Co.. Farrlngdon-atreet. [Advertisement.] -The new Novel, "True to Nature," Is now ready at all the libraries, in 2 vols. " Tho reader will be at no loss for amusement in p sg 'True to Nature,' for it presents variety In eery form, cnd shows every shade ot ddifferenoe In character. Ithas aso to recommend it an agreeable stle, and some striking events and exciting scenes that are replete withvigour and vivaty,Sun. Also, just published, in 3 veIL, "Tfhe Young Bridc." a novel, by drs. Briscee. "A more genIal or high-toned novel has rarely ts;nea from the press. The beroihc is an exquisitely draw;n ortralt."-Mes. aeer.k Hunrst aud Blacitelt, publishers, 13. Great Marlborough [Advertisement.]-The "Peopled of Saturday, September .lndla-heTsbune; .LetPter to tire DnutkOe of aueshsdgaeotlreDurpsat of Troops t or India-Mfeeting of theGreatllorthernBa sp4yCompsny BLierature: Autobiography of Lelttullsh-The Storyteller; an A,res,l can John BnU-Lsng Artilels on the Indin u (utiny: Rogues in Officelj,the Land Tenureli In Tdt * theb Gocd ShliP BrtnsnRta, the nevre,Bason ?acaulay-Latese lMarkets, Spstilng Intelligece g JRlectitreet, London, and all newr agents,
THE MUTINIES IN INDIA. We continue to publish from the numerous letters forwarded to us by the friends and relatives oE officers in India such as oontain any new details 4 WAtter of particular intoret, The following letter is from an officer employed on the Staff at Delhi:- " Camp before Delhi, July 1& "The whole native army hasgone, or is going. Some 5o regments have gone already, and all the rest are sure to follow. Here we are Xtill before Delhi, and not likely to get in till reinforoements arrive from England, for our foroc is about one-third the enemy's in numbers, and they outnumber us altogether in guns and ammunition, Delhi being one of the largest arsenals in India. We are therefore quite unable to besiege the place regularly, and our nearest batteries are 1,200 yards off. The encineers urged am assult, and everything was arranged for it, but at the last moment the General hung baek, and since then we have lost so many men that I don't think the idea wil be ever enterained agin. Our own position is Impregnable, the left resting on the river, the right welU entren ched. The latter the enemy are very jealous of, and are constantly trying to turn. We have had 18 actions fought there since we came, and some of the regiments have lost a third of their numbers in killed and wounded already. "Launghton has been sent back to UmbaUlah, and Baird Smith, from Roorkee, has come down from Roorkee to be chief enginecr,-a great change for the better. Our troops, on the whole, are standing the exposurewonderfully. The mutineers, I fancy, had no idea I that we should attempt a hot-weather campaign; bht judt now there is a great deal of cholera. You will doubtless hear a great deal about the cause of this terrible outbreak, and the people will, many of them, ascribe it to the Company's rapacity and cruelty, &o.; but everybody in India knows perfectly that the true reason is that the Sepoys were pampered and petted until they began to see that we were afraid of them; but they would never have attempted to rise had not the country been so foolishly denuded of Europeans. All the people of the country are with us, and the mutinous army once defeated and dispersed we shall soon have the country square again; but it is no joke to beat 170,000 men; and they must send plenty I of troops from England. At least 25 regiments should be sent, 4,000 artillery, and plenty of heavy guns-48 and 56pounders,-for wo shall have plenty of sieges; and we re| quire a command of artillery fire over the mutineers. Here weare firing 18-pounders and 8-inch howitzers, and the rebels are replying with twenty-founx and thirty twos. Two or three regiments of dragoons should be sent, and arrange. 'ments made for supplying them with horses when they l arrive (from the Cape or Australia), for they wiUl find none ! available here, our studs being far up the country and most of them plundered. Bnt, oh, how many years will it take to wipe out the recoUection of all the atrocities these villains have committed I There will be no love between a black and a white face for many a long day. This is, indeed, a bitter satire on the philanthropists who were for lgovernig Inais entirely by the natives, and admitting them to equality with us. They are savages stil, and false to the core, and nothing but the sword wil keep them in order. "I think the assault would have succeeded, but it is very questionable what we could have dtne inside that immense city with a handful of Enropeans and some 1.5,000 Sepoys to drive out. We number 6,500 of aU ranks, but our irregulars I are all rotten and ready to turn. The Ghoorkas (inhabi- tants of Nepaul) and Sikhs, on the other hand, are thoroughly staunch, and have a thorough contempt for the Iindostanees. The way in which the Ghsorkas fight is the admiration of the whole army." The following extract is from a letter of an officer in the Bengal Artllery:- " Camp before Delhi, July 15. "I wrote you a long letter a day or two ago, but as some news of our action of yesterday may appear in the papers, and you may perhaps see my name among the wounded, I write a few lines, which will, I hope, be in time for the mai, to tell you that I am very little hurt, and, through God's mercy, escaped death most wonderfully. " You know Delil, of course, so I wil describe our posltion. " The EngUsh batteries and pickets are on the ridge between the town and cantonments, and these the enemy pressed very hard from early morn yesterday, occupying at the same time the suburbs on the right, called the Subjha Mundee, now a mass of ruins, but a very nasty place for fighting-narrow streets, old houses, gardens with high walls, &c., affording excellent cover for the enemy; besides which they are protected by the heavy gun batteries on the city walls. After some hard fighting we drove them to the end of the road, where three branches go off to different gates. Under the valls they made a stand, and from the narrowness of the place we could only get two Horse ArEillery guns into action. " I was near the front, seeing how I could be most useful, when I observed one of the two guns almost unserviceable from want of hands, so many had been knocked over; well, thinkdng, although on the stfa; I was still a gunmer, I jumped off my horse and helped to work the gaun. The firo was too hot, two Horse Artillery guns were perfectly useless against all the gans of the city, and some thousands of muskets bla-ing into us, so the order was given to retire. I mounted my horse, and called out to 'limber up.' The horses in the lUmber, from the shower of shot and sheU that were coming in, got unmanageable, and I turned my horse to tell the men to keep them steady, when a musket bullet hit me in the waist, about two inches from the spine. I had a small leather pouch in my waist belt for carrying pistol bullets, and the ball went through this first, so that my wound is very sight. I am getting on well, and as jolly as posaible. "F. S. R." The writer of this letter once worked on the printing machines of The Times, but is now a sergeant of the Carabineers3- " Delhi Camp, Jaly 1L "I hasten to give you what information I can with respect to the aspect of affairs here; it is, as you may expect, necessarily meagre, as the intelligence we receive is usually vague and brie£ The last three days have been exceedingly wet, notwithstanding which we are constntly in the saddle; no sooner has one alarm subsided than we are turned out to meetthe mutineers in another quarter. I can assure you that I would rather spend the term of my existence before Sebastopol than have such a life as we are obliged to endure here. For the last five days we have been turned out for au assault on the city; stiU nothing has been done, and I much fear that it may be some time before we get the murdering scoundrels into our clutches. You may depend upon it that the score, if we are permitted, will be paid in theirown coin, and with compound interest. Our Commander is waiting for reinforoements before he makes the attack; but delays are ever dangerous. Cholera has made Its appearance, and before half of our little army are laid upon our backs with eickness my opinion is that we ought to run the chance and endeavour to take the fortress. I have heard it stated that there are only 20,000 troops coming from England. Why, you should send us at least 100,000, and at least 10,000 of them cavalry, as the whole of Bengal from Calcutta to Affghanistan is in a state of revolt. The country will have to be reconquered and held in subjection for some yeas by European troops. It wil not be safe for at least three or four yeas to trust to native regiments. We have instances of smouldering Insubordination daly." HYDERA.BAD. The following is an extract from the letter of an officer of the 30th Madras Native Infantry, stationed at Hyderabad, dated July 23:- " I must tell you that last Friday evening, the 17th of July, the Resident got information that the Rohillas were assembling in large numbers for an attack. Well, in the I evening, about 6.30, Georgie and myself were sitting in the verandah, when we he rd the three alarm runs sound the sigal for the troops to faU in and be off at onee to the general parade. I went off to the mess of the 7th Cavalry to find out what was up, when I was met by a cavalry officer rushing home as hard as he could go for his horse. He shouted to me, 'The alarm is soundings-magic words, as you may suppose. I turned, ran home as fast as my legs could carry me. got out the horse and carriage, dressed and put dear G- and the son in, and rattled off to the barracks, where we found all the Riflemen out and the Cavalry getting to saddle. By this time an express came in to say that they-i. ec, the RohiUas-were attacking the Reddency. Off galloped the Cavalry and Horse Artilery; we remained at the barracks-all the ladies together at the adjutant's house. The whole force was out; we were all bivouacked on the parade-ground tiU about 1 a.m. About 7 the report of guns told us that the work bad commenced. But we were, as the saying is, one too many for them. They came on and got nine rounds of grapeshot, which knocked them over like ninepins. They then got into a house in the Bazaar, from which they kept up a fire on our fellows and the Residency all night. This house was so situated that the guns could not be brought to bear upon it, so it was resolved to wait till the morning and then have at them with the infantry. However, at 4 a.m. they walked off. We know of 29 Rohillas picked up dead; how many wounded, of course, we cannot find out, but tho quantity of blood on the floor of the house when taken possession of In the morning told that they must have suffered heavily. The troops turned out splendidly, so people have little fear of the Madrasees following suit with Bengal, The Ressderd , has now been strongly fortified. It is BUPP'Aed we sball have a row to-morrow again, as It i Friday (the Mumulman Sundy), on which day they think it n msrk of zeal for their Prophet to try and murder us; but, as our Sepoys are stanch, they are likely to get more than they bargain for. On Friday lat all the ladies (our depot excepted) were put into the usenal and European hospital. You may Imagine the scene; drums beating, bugles and trampets sounding the alarm, and in all directions carriages rushing off ro4the above mentioned plac. All the Europeans 'who lived in the city came rushing into contonmente or took refage in iho Residency. We had not a single man on our side touchod, though they were being fired at all night. The 12thLancers were telegraphed for from Poonash,and are likely to be here in about a fortnight. Their approach Is hailed with great glee." SIMILA. The following letter, dated July 13, is from a gentleman at Simla:- "Your last letter reached me at the beginning of our troubles, and was destroyod with other papers at a time I thought we should have to fly from Simla. We were among the very few who remained in the station at' the panic caused by the incipient mutiny of the Ghoorkas. They were ildlfully handled and went away in peace, and have ever since done their duty as good soldiers. You will not expect a cheerful letter from me, for our hearts are fLUed with sorrow and anxiety. Every day matters grow worse and the plot thickens by Delhi standIng. We act merely on the defensive. We have not been able to undertake any offensive operations yet, nor will we, I think, until a strong force has been detached to the river side of the city. At present, if we were to assault on one dde they might ally out by the other side unmolested. They have 900 Europeans with men and offloers, protecting women and children, at Meerut. They are in a fortified position, and it is impos. slble to imagine why 300 with guns should not hold it and allow the rest to go and co-operate with the force before Delhi The communication between Delhi and Meerut is now entirely cut off by the destruction of the bridge at Bhzgput. You may imagine how tidings from the scene of action are earnestly prayed for, longed for. We exist only through the English soldiers and Sikhs. Thank God, they are true to us in this emergency, but not one Hindostanee Sepoy is to be trusted, regular or irregular. The severe action of the 9th in our camp, when our pickets were driven In, was owlng entirely to the treachery of the 9thIrregulars (cavalry), who let in the mutinous oth Irregular Cavalry, pretending not to know them, their uniform is so similar. It is awful the extent to which the Sepoys and troopers are stil trustod, and the lives that are lost in consequence. " It was said some time ago that every 'poorbeah' (Sepoy) in the camp was to be disarmed; sti it was not carried out. They have been disarming as fast as possible in the Pcnjab, but we have so few European soldiers it wvas not possible to do It quickly. This last week we have two more mutinies at Jhelum and Sealkote, very severe and complete-getting away with their arms nd alL At Jhelum the affair was mismanaged. The officer commanding ordered the regiments (the 14th and 58th Native Infantry) to parade, with the guns at their rear, in anticipation of the arrival of a wing of Her Majesty's 24th, which was coming to disam them. The Europeans were lato; the Sepoys saw the guns and got frightened, flew to their lines, and fought desperately under cover of their lines for 12 hours Colonel EUlce, Her Majesty's 24th, was wounded, also Captain Spring and Ensign Ecott. Some of the Sepoys were made prisoners and were blown away from guns, vhile others have escaped in the direction of Cashmere and re being pursued. You must feel deeply for India under this so unexpected and so complate a blow. "Dear - is at Labore, and I feel very uneasy, as we know that the 46th and a wing of the 9th Cavalry have gone to Goordaspore. There they may induce the 2d Irregular Cavalry to fraternize with them, and perhaps also Davidson's Irregulars, and if they oombine with the disarmed regiments it might be impossible to prevent them doing incalculable mischief. Still, they are prepared for them at Lahore and Unmritdr, but I am afraid not at JnUundur, which is almost entirely without troops. Stil we do fight and prosper against wonderful odds. On the 9th, at Delhi, some 60 of our people had got into a seraL in the Subjha Mtundee, andwere surrounded by 1,500 Sepoys. They had not a percussion cap among them -absolutely nothing but their bayonets, and yet they fought their way out without the loss of a single man. It is reslUy wonderful how many have escaped-officers fired on by their men, and yet get away in the most unaccountable manner. At Shahjehanpore the tragedy was, however, indeed complete. Not one escaped to tell the tale as far as we know. How youx wi feel for M3rs-and Mrs.-. Poor Mrs. Mordaunt Iticketts Is at Nynee Tal with the Alexanders; the Charles Curries have escaped, also the Stewart Reids. We look anxiously homewards for help. I fancy the cry of agony and excitement throughout the lnad wi be such as never has been heard before. Colonel ChamberlAin is the only man of note In camp-next to him Colonel Longfield, Her Majesty' 8th, and Colonel Becher sud Captain Daly, Guido corps; but we want a leader sadly. Wo have a mUitia at Simla; the station told off in'o four districts, under separate offlcors, with each so many men under them The Goorka guard left at Jutog has behaved well since their regiment marched, and Lord Wiliam Hay has many men from the differenut hill chiefs to assist if necessary. There does not seem any ground for alarm at present. The Bazaar and all the private servants were disarmed some time ago and the arms ca-ried to Kussowlee, where they have the depot of Her Majesty's 75th. Colonel Stewart Menteith dled here on Saturday." ASSEERGHUR. The following is a private letter from the fortress of Asseerghur:- "The news from Mhow and Indore is dreadfulofficers kiled, the Artilery and Europeans fled into the fort of MIhow, vvhere they were on the 4th, and could hold their own tiU the 14th, by which time the Bombay column would be near at hand. It left Aurungabad only on the 6th, and cannot reachAsseerghur before the 14th and Msowr not before the 18th, not in time to save the garrison and all the Europeans in it. Colonel Durand, the resident, and Colonel Travers escaped from it on the road to Mundleseer. Woodburn is gone sick to Poonah. Major Follett is in oommand of the column tilL Colonel Stewart, who Is appointed, arrives. "July 10. "No further news from Indoro beyond the report that more than one-half the European population there are murdered. K writes that Mundleseer has not risen, as first reported; a panio seized the place, and aU left it. The native officers of the Bheel corps got drunk andquarrelled among themselves. The treasuryhad not been plundered, and things are getting more settled there. The ldies that left It are likely to come here, and reside until quiet is restored. Assoerghur, which was left so lonz unprotected, has been reinforced at the Commandant's (Colonel Le Mesurier's) most urgent application, and now they see in Bombay the neoa3ity of keeping it a stronghold. We present a motley group of mercenaries for the defence of it-matehlock men, Candeish Bheels, and two companies of the 19th Regiment, and a deo'achment of the 3d Nizam Cavalry encamped below, with the Scindabh Contingent, which the Commandant turned out of the fort as a precautionary moasure, pitched near the Pettah, whose teoth he hopes to draw on the arrival of the column. They are now quiet, but uneasy, and a report is about that they re going to bolt, suspecting they will be disarmed. " July 12. "Yesterday in the afternoon, at 5 o'dock-, the Commandant disarmed the contingent. The affair went off very quietly. The mon behaved very waelL There was no hesitAtion on tbo part oi a single man. By 7 o'clock the whole of their arms, accoutrements, And ammunition were safely lodged in the fort. As these fellows are now unable to do any harm the Commandant has sent away the cavalry, and in a day or so will send the Candeish Bheels also. With the two companies of the 19th Regiment and the matchlook men he em easily hold on unti a few more companies of regular troops can be sent. Colonel Somerset's Light Brigade has orders to march on Asseerghur to Mhow, but now that all is quiet here and in the neighbourhood, the direct road to Mhow by the Sindwa Ghdt will be the shorter road. The last ten days have been attended with no ordinary anxiety to the Commandant. The act of removing the contingent so summarily as he did has proved to be, though hazardous, yet fortunato. Had he waited another day the news of the occurrences at Mhow and Indore would have reached tham, and they might have said 'they had rather not,' and preferred rather killing us or kicking us out of the fort first. "July 14. "The Commandant has managed affairs here ezcellently, and so he has been told by authority from Bombay. We have just heard of the arrivaI of Colonel Durand, the Res. dent of Icdore, at Hoosungabad on the 8th inst. He was one of the few that escaped from Indore. He is anxious to hear of the movements of the Bombay column. We shall learn now what he wishes to be done with the coRtingentwhere they are to be sent. The Commandant hopes to be able to get all their women off, accompanied by their men, in a day or two. " July 16. "A report has found its way into the .Poonah Obxr7cr thatthecontingent.here hadrevolted,but withoutfoundation, for they were removed out of the fort on the 6th, and on the seme day their removal wa reportedoffidally both atPoon&h and Bombay. It wastoprevent the possibility of a revolt that the Commandant turned the fellows out so unceremoniously, He gave tbonm no time to think whethertheyshotk capture the fort or remain quiet. Indore and XIho, placso egmy about 100 miles from AsIeerghur, had risen; And Vai. fortress was garrisoned by ecotingent troops whose he. quarter wing had mrttinied previously, and there Wau 31 time to be lost ix decidixg what wax to be done to preet the mutiny extending here. "YesterdayweheardfromwColonlmDunedDt asking what accommodation there was htrfor f adl atu e famies, as there wer, many with hi4, and more orming. We can put up about eight or ten families here, doubling up, the discomfort of which they Will av, to endure nnta they can return to their own stationS, go that Aaeerahurs which has been deserted for months, not baring more thn six persons here, wil have at least four time, that number if all the families Come. "July 2L Colonel Durand and his wife arrived yesterday, and ao puttin3g up with the Commandant. They escaped from Indore with scaroely A thing with them. Stewarta oolurn Is at Boorampoor to-day, and will be here to-morow. The whole of the Owalior Contingent, exoept fire om. panics here, have mutinied, and ono of the fit. here has also mutinied. Sd news reoeived to-day of the surrender of Sir IL Wheeler and Cawnpore to the mutineers, and their murder afterwards. The daily arriva of Europeans will turn the bloody tide of events against tho rebels, and a fearful punishment Awaits them. The atroclties of the mutiuneera surpas the horrors of the French Revolution. We rejoioe the Commandant has got the treacherous scoundrels gat of the fort. There will be plenty of work for our moveable columns after the rins in ettling the country. "July 23. "Heard to-day from Bombay. The Cornnander-in-Chief, Sir Henry Somaerset, has already publihed a general order conveYing to Colonel Le Meurier, Commandant at Asseerghur, his thanks for the prompt and de. cided measures taken by him in relieving it from tho charge of the doubtful detachment of the oontingent, wxho at the time of the mutiny of the remuinder of the oDrps were holding the fortress, and so mainly contributing to the afety of that stronghold. Three of the mutineers already aluded to were shot at a quarter past 6 o'dock this morning by nine men of the 14th Dragoons. The whole affair was wel arranged. The contingent troops were al on thoground, with Stewart's force. They were alltrembling, thinling their turn wouid soon follow. Several desertions from the company that mutinied have taken plac Some of them havo been brought back, and will be tried and flogged, perhaps put to hard labour. La6t night nine of them deserted, thinking, I suppose, they were to be shot too. "The mutineers of Delhi are fighting desperately, but, thank God, their ammunition Is faillng them, and then there will soon be an end of them. Thair los of life hba been very great, and the grand attack by us will leave very few in Delhi alive. The slaughter among them will be awfuLL "July 24. "Stewart's column marched this morning at 2 o'clock, en rouzc to Mhow. Colonel Dnrand and wife, who have heen living with the Commandant, accompanied the force, and are guests of the staff meos Onthelstor2d of Anguu the column will be at Mhow. HLavelock has been thrashlig the fellows right well at Cawnpore. Our way to Delhi i looking cheerfuL By the middle of September you may expect to hear in England better news than the mils have hitherto taken, as our European forces will then be well advanced to the seat of insurrection. The oontingent here have been directed to march on the 27th en routc to Mhow. They will be three days' march in rear of StewArt's column. A detachment of 50 Irregular Horse have been kept here for duty. Religion, as I toud you before, has had nothing to do with this general rise in the oountry, It is a rise to re. establish the state ofithings before the battle of Plassey, 100 years ago-the Xnahomedan rule."
PRZSERVATION OF LIRE FROM SHiPWRwCR.-YeSterday a meeting of the Royal NationalLifeboat Institution washeld at its house,John-streetAdelphi; CaptainIAsbert Perrott in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read, the silver medal and 21. were voted respectively to WiUiam Wedgo and James Turpin, commission boatmen of the Coastguard at Saloombe, Devon, and to Thom%s D. Warder, boatman, in aoknowledgment of their gallant conduct in putting off in a mail boat in a heavy sea, at the imnainent risk of their lives, and rscuing twe out of three men who were capsized from their fishing boat Oc Bantharn Bar, on tbe night of the 27th Inst. A reward of 61. wss alao granted to three Coastguard men for putting of? in a emai boat and rescuing, at the imminent risk of teier lives, four out of five nersonawho had been in a heavy sea capsized from thelr boat off Port Rush, on the coast of Antrim, on the 22d of July; after they were rescued the lttle boat again put offand suoeeded in bringing in the capsized boat. a revwrd of 61 was likewise granted to aX fishermen for rescuing, at the peril of their lives, two out of four persons vwho had been capsized during a sudden and heavy squall of wind from their boat off Hlnaro, Shetland, a few weeks since It appeared that while the boat was fishing the wind suddenly rose to a strong gale, accompanied by a sudden squall off the Lend, which capsized the boat before her crew of four men wero able take in her saU. They were plunged into the aa; two of them were happUy saved by clinging to their boat, although twioo washed from it; two other sank to rise no more. Much risk- was incurred in the rescue of the two men, inasmuch as they could only be approached after the sea broke, and then quickly snatched from their very dangerous situation. The loss of life among the Shethnd fishermen this year has been unusually great. No doubt many of these accidents, which have caused the greatest misery among tho families of these poor but deserving men, have been caused from the defective constraction of their fishing boats, and tho unakilful manner with which we fear they are too frequently handled in the hour of perlL Fishermen's boats are often of the most primitive constructlon, and are probably now the same in character as they ere 100 or 200 yes.s ago. Captain Ward, R,N., the inspector of lifOboats to the institution, read a report of his recent visit of Inspection to the lifeboats of the society on the Lancashire and on the north and south coasts of Wales. On these occasions he is in the habit of taldng the boats afloatt in order to thoroughly exAmine them *nd test their capacity for service in the hour of need. The boats are also regularly exercised once a quArter throughout the year. He reported highly of tho qualities of the new clas of lifeboats of the institution, and suggestod that some of its older boats, built 20 or 30 years ago should be replaced. A communication was read from the toulogne Shipwreck And Humane Society, in the management of which some of the English residents take an active part, invitin the inspector of lifeboats to visit their, establishment. Teir request was complied with. Captain Ward, .N., and Mr. Peako, the inventor of the lifeboat of the institution, wore deputed to visit the Boulogne Lifeboat Station according The proceedings then dosed. DEsmtucrivE FIRR.-A lamentable catastrophe occurred in the village of Abbotsbury on Saturday 1as, by which a large portion of the inhabitants have been rendered houseless, and damage sustained which cannotbe estimated at less than 1,0001. About half-past 9 o'clockin the morning smoke wvas seen issuing from a small fowl house at the back of a cottage occupied by a labourer named Damon, and wvhich is one of a row where a large number of fishermen and labourers reside. The fire was first observed by Damon's wife, who immediately gave an alarm, but the surrounding materials having been rendered exceedingly inflammable by the late dry weather, tho flames spread with great rapidity, and, exteneing to the thatched roofs of the cottages, ono after thoher ws quickly a prey to the devouring element. The consternation created in the village was intense, and the most aetivo exertions were made to securo such portion of the furniture as it was posdble to get out. In this Polioeman Hill, who was speedily on the spot, rendered the most valuable assistance, and his intrepid conduct was the subject of admiration by all present. Mr. West farmer, of Abbotsbury, stopped his harvest men, and sent them in a body to render what help they oould, and a number of the other residents in the vicinity deserve high praise for the readiness with vhich they came forward in the emergency. At one time it was a matter of doubt whether the whole village would not be reduced to ashes; 14cottages were in flames, taking a seeop of about 200 yards in length; and those on the opposite side of the street were only saved by a number of wet sailcldoths, which had been lent by Captain Bartlett, of the hip Inn, and which were throw over the roofs and constantly saturated with water. But for this ,udicious precaution the los would have much mere extensive. An alarm was sent to Dorchster, and Superintendent Pouney with the borough fire engine, immediately started to the seeno of the conflagration, and arrived there about 2 o'clock. The roofs of the cottagee had already fallen in, and nearly every well in the plae had been exhausted, so that the eneine oould not be brought to bear with any effect upon theflamies, though it assisted In preventing their extension The fire wanot got under till about half-past 8 o'elock in the evening, when the whole of the 14 cottages and a schoolhouse had been destroyed, together with a qnantity of the furniture of the unfortunate oceupiers.-Dorscd Couznty Chronidcic MARREIACES LS IItELASD.-From the seventh rertof the Registrar-General it appears that in the year M 6 the totkl number of marriages in Ireland (exclusive of those solemni7ed by tho P-omish clergy, which are not registered) amounted to 9,547 against 8,765 in 1855; 9,426 in 1854 ; 10,197 in 1&53; 9,487 in 1852 ; and 9,339 In 185L Of these 9,547 marrlages 11 wero solemnized by special lioense, 4,224 by lieouse, 1,025 by banns, and 23 by reglstrars' oertificates, according to the rites of the church of England and Ireland. 0O those not solemnized by the clergy of the church 2,551 took place in Presbyterian meetinp-houses, 83 in registered build. ings, 1,580 in the registrars offies, 12 according to the forms of the Society of Friends, and two according to the forms of the Jevwish sersuason. 5,319 marrages were solemnzed aecording to the rites of the church and 4,223 vwere not. The marriage of 1856 were 782 or 8&92 per cent. over the nusuber registered in 1855. Of thoso married 5-10 per cent, of the men and 1818 of the women were minors; 122Mper cent, were widowers; and 6'97 per cent. widows. 2,589 men and 4,199 women signed with marks being too Illiterate to write their own names on the regigtrs. Advertisement.-India, and the Rise and Progress of Britih SXroinacsy-I tbe fortboon number (191)Ot " Ctmel'Us 13astrcd FamUy PPapeer" will hb sommeeood a enes of moeet inber. eing ar:tcles on %his all-euroesing nbdoc. The number also n well esecuted egrangs lo the Ind Ho -The Juggenisut Temle-he arms,.De-John of Are In riMion-aneeta een Term .F.TSmith's TaLe, " Th0e Young Pretnder ;" to meet Ut deo mind for which it has been neeoar to gan spint Noi 185, 7UT and 1s6 whi,hari now reseY. In this number i aso eoetinoed DumWis great tai "Boyalists and Republicans."-London, lent snd Oo [Advertlsement.Wyld's Neow MWape of Indi.-IndiAt Wyld' Newr Kap of India, wlsait l the Clii meDt iItEry 8tat_s Tables of Ditne, ho: Ia aheet, le' In e3, £Li India * howls tbe Pest Beed,, Dawrk Stilous, and Rshway; one sheet, 5s.: h ease Ta. 6d. India and tho Blurmnan EmPire; - oe seet. J.; In eao, Is, nla: Sto, 1,;lIn ca Is, Jamee Sl.Wcrz>etotShe Q aee, Chasing-ces est 1tPDite Nc'rthumb cd t next docs to the rost-ofie. sodS, 1ca xhne
SALES by AUCTION. At the, Man. This day. adTRIST hAL atihMar. ILl DY, t 1, liibeoffre as follows1. bfldiese.-Frehotd ropert. Oldfor,low. ~. Snrey.Freeold Popery, kown os'Ma-house, Stockovell. Superior Furniture, Horizontal Grand Pia-noforte, P~aintings, aud Water.colonr Drawingl. IT7ENTOM and SON will SELL,, at No. 21, Oldl V Bond-stroek, on Wednenday, Septemnber 9, At I I o'clock. hy order of the Assignees of Cossmo Williamn Gordon, tbe FURN IT URE. cormprising four-oet, and Frenich bedteads. fe.tber b'iAs and bedding. and smngle ~rb eetl ideuard. Lpogmah.gan and roi4oewo,d chaRs anROBcEs, dinEr IDgn wdnn. S LooLo , at d card ale's, caret ande rugs thine glass,r and numerou octher 9em, MAy 12fe pfresely . and 3Slt. H. LEAnk'HlatErTT anRckwodrietlicgt37rs.oSses-le stadofthe an eitiees 7. Augo-I-courtv. ETlh-vr-,rss otree':Ns. 6,7 Tod small non-strai t; adorst-O&a27 Ltson3-gror'sie. an otao- -thsn e Leaseoild4 Esatd o9f Wark street;an d, Req . de Itased statre-ewan b~reIng o. 2rto rNclnlv. Hdgwillth-street: Ifos 5.. , 9. 10, 11, andM1,Henry-ntreet; and No3. 3 4. 5, r4and 7. Charleslane, Portland-town; let at rents amounting to £914 per ann-im. and held for unexpired teming of from 41 to 66 nears. at grn sod rents;. al-o well-secured Ground Rents, amounting to £12 lOs per annum arising out of 17 private reslAencesand sho>,, situate Nobs Si to I b oth Inoturive, Her-teteast, Partland-town, held from the Duke of Portland, for 3 yars nexlres. a a pppecorn Th h -usezs may be rio red hr prmicionof he eepstir lenais Paticuarsmaybe h d of Mr.W. Uetoe. esc,lr.& S -m-od-srn s,Llssngrne;of Mr. Fredric S~phad, 2, prerYor-steet Ponma -sure; of Win, Lameth-Waeoae resls ad mssi.. Trsde of a .t uider. F¶SS P.S. EVER-SFIELD and HIORNE -will £7.SELL by AUCTION, cn tihe Pro Lfgeg. Rmshop`e w4lk. Lambeth, on Fr4.~y, September It. at It for I. V.e 119NEFtICtLI LEASES3 of the excellent waterside PRE,,1TS54. with workib3ps, buiildlug-yard and dwellinz-house, held u,Aer the Archbishop of Canterbury. for a lor g term, at a nominal g'ound-rent and, at ttie same time, the superior Stock of Boats. comprising cutters wberries, f unnies, gigs, and wager boats, sallln boat,,. and Pkit%s many of which aTe nearly new. 'May be viewed two ava previons, and catalognes a-d and partielUtar of sale bwa of SInera Marben and Smith snlicit ira. I1, Clelment?s inn on i. he Premises; and of the acetioneerm 40, Pae'ia. rsent street. or Cost Exchanpe. Valu,ls'a Effects, 27, Dover-streetPic'ls. he,fRELGOOD will SELL. on Tusa,te1t £VJnst.. and followIng days (the resimlenc* bangbedspe ol the handsome and excellent FURNTITURE of thnoaderitina isabe efecs. ay s mwedtwoday pror,and caaogues had of 2. elam-creecen, Rrormptr,.. MRI. BRIANT will SELL by AUCTION, on the 211Premises on Monday, Reptember 7. at 12. the genu-ne fiOUtrf HOLD FURNITURE anid EFFECTS. esmprisine rnb-eany four. post, French. and other bedsteals feather beds and beddtns, chest of drawers waahetands. dresaing-tslbtes a, d Ia,eaes au-i t e utua1 chaberItms,roewod dawng oo so ein too cavil and other tabes,fie Is-e 6 ocave0-nitge iaofotein polished deal1 case, ty Collrd nd CllaS, andsme im-ed pateslas beck cheffinie.r. osuhes eay cair, cimny gasss. isie. Pembroke. anud other table. rusels erpts nd urs,fenersandfire-ironl. k itchen rexiitile, ad nmeros efecs, My b viwedon Sat-orday, anud cata.. 'ogns ha on he pemiss, ad atMr.BriantVs aurtion-offies. Pdutvlongi Leasehold Fgtatsa Old Keni-rja m R. . R.GOV'ER eriE SELL, at the Mfart, on aaufc ,re Sluept,l9 Prin ue ncni two losp2 rs -bul wErLLtonc( CoUSae, welldandandfWF,i soupeg i withe water%., dl rhewoan la byinOobeargNand10.ll2rd27nd3Ze7.ttSrola, IttdHomeaDd w1. Love Sroe-treeialit, Glearsthe ana ridetOld Chent-roa,d- pratEffngts312 tw, i-ermannu remoheld fror long termk G arbenad Tittet bhpamnss-, of.he LEna IS, b-at andnouincr hdatte thrat -lo b e nda r Ieeive ho nseOl nt-retad; and ofLT the AUCTIONee, Grte mat 6 D 7ove-ste Quen-seeet, tw dors frome-BCvnotierofthe Shtr. ff.(SumDX. Sand w.- malnutoAactu covred ioseol vurnitr. loincindeg tw. pwet r,ml-lon &CottaePleant heforee, to lnnttred w~intis lat ' d ro~ew-d stises, by Collard and olcardad NUe, an -e handsome Drlawind aldaet Suite in alnut, ctasses.C)taget China. lnfs,e pnd Effects ofhtwo Hoasnrmvd fromlsa Hyde Paxrk ardl~ben and Totemam.na tm &cA. Ledi iSg begso t a nnlir oy uz-ene fthae ba3as rmcegvod .lLneltd rutlon to SlILt hy AUCT dIOgN, atheRm 69c celisoen. catr12 puctuly the bedebtmle COppend-i, cofp-iW') "n oble crvedi DENOE. coprisig dr slugrooman banmnt ving ric cl arriied he.. lesat chffonsra itte wit piee niale. anid tauary richvelvt p'o ad taesty c is ad rts. r emaants-ltreetiar Tn onsl glrses,w wvube bn~,6rons-A aa'mtertgrean v Ases, two aletond otave A Cottage' pIanofort, p roofT ptrents, china te-brices on Wd ctelss,and nuherousb vat-sb o nd ooelrname7nta item incluhin a tterofn nobeiseleyop dinin t t oldest.na rhic cam-e 1-bD ndBREWERd, eo siufted-n tko vland oftther cair, mrn-est, md mndulin chayirs, ndfo,mteebchamber app;enduv.agndcu-ithieiban Itononcrve Arabianso andwfour-p Dbdsea-la n aakbannsla boed STlur ra noble wingedwrdycmrobe,acenrewdooir fittedwith pAte glbis.tl Oin, duiltt, chests of mahogrpany drttawers,wdoble) antrinloper.marble-to trnwashtad band mchin tuittisa medhingeand blrid-a,z hpailt,&kichn, ancotoolrs ropeqsnte, powerful rine-wblwthes -ruhing ofeols,randLeang roogma fithed cofpee the heltfa'souvsernb, ) %l-l. Colemlanstreet; arnd ofth baduct wioneer 90, cas Lnouthe.adaut,ghue Tode Btrewers aoo sawisth , watrAd1,4n h rs -a%b o.n fwo pie. i ,dth atol o the uetic pl art, ad macieryirV ttIres t. am tdrborewbuon edesay. thet ml,' h day o aS.n thet, brev183 . a o gs-k itn theafl uternoonprecigly, alletha oon-etaininbea Vlhue fiOttD BREWERY, siitatplez iun I ilae, ofl sitorebo-,rtn-..Knt. -tore mile,oonly disantfrem wtbhecityoft Caner. u rgew. aditingfor a~ ditacnr work ing' tonsqr thofSdwich. Daeal.it Dovger.bam.ey andupparated Tin og built,ilhavin, lesdn stetaut. wetne0 qpartemobandbope wic,aAqARiu- ron wleDltstbc, 3mashto dwlitzholmashoning andeaalresg per at aji-si iog erd compleicti.onrf wihore-he bel, withrmieerno ory grindingj mashing,a tanchd nmpagle larg four rom cih 10 on pontooand fteroutofbulldisgP wthe bl rats,ancask inlsho veand Piutangfhbaid a ledn bouter t on Arosof writh wate andleisre r mans, f-herrepumsy,J ae nd the whoem ofandthe brewerypantan welohlPiner y a nes Isprtbeo Saidere whuc e all" ith a t n emalt g ho tus e -n,is The brew erty.ub cotantildsul an stronglyo 10fett h streeet, cnaini ngda tiltsb fGittci wixthwre kln-pldratoes,furae alt rfieator, conginegtbe-ra f-sr tebrtng Mol quartere,ewth m htop-loftbover, a larbe woking at-r a reotlnd wor, ing ciorp elorofthrowing istae, with lrgeui0 ba erleyIn evepryfUtydon .t ireaonvilas eaecitrtoet2 atrs Thandcnch d et slog andtaloaLltht emoneBrdwellr.hoae2nse froutngthestee.andt adjoin: log andY commnsiceatyInc ih hrewsery; thr ee romytt enttrgy fArII commhe ofrotbidi ,thecwhleitan.Imdin teiinclnsl fsiate of buldlg whell onthPremisesm , an the breewery ai weLUntasoie bra fins sprin of h b-ewk Implemett,han Da astockno bee,dtonofW may be taenata aluattoo the f~,O.V copeioofftespurChase,rI resIt- Tee Isptj eftove Sry aclty,o the abv rmssfrbcln is-aeatta,Teati ople in a ut.-Bewoepia !¶lAy-To Varnishing I omsourers arnd ot,hers. M~jESSRS. DAVIS and vrGERS will BELL by AA AUCTIONI, on the Premises 82 Hish-street, SharedItch, o'i Tuesday, September S. aod following day, at It for 1Ib order o' RINGT1N~(&, oodalagof feodess fIrA-ions, plemnte In. a igh sprng an,cart teck,and a few lois Of furd. to b ha on he remies;and t te antinsess o~sa,3. PredeLmnpoed Ground Renle--S. Oog'--te-Eaxt. Middlesex. MESSRs, . D A V ISa VIGR are instructed to AUSO t h uton Marl, on Wednesala, Sepemer30 a 1 fu 1 i to ot, KPIIOVED GRLOUND RENS, ellsecred aouningto 60 erann,.,, ariing oat of 48 Cra, slictor, Hberls~lmaber,LodonbrlFe;atthe Auction Mar; ad a te actinees'effses1, reerik splae.Old Jew-v7. J~r nvesmentor Oornpation.-Pre dadCplod REltaze, 8unsex. MESSRS. DAVIS and VIGERS are directed by iYthe Anlguees of Mr. Riohard Smith, to SELL. by AucroIYfON at the Auction Miart, on Wedueaisy Srpt. 30, at 12 for 1, In three lota. P. WBERFIOL1) andl OOPY HOLD ki ISTR,E comprising a farm o 107 soes of highly productive amble. pa-ture, and h-~p lands known as Splistodx, In the pe.dsh of Sedlesumbe, In the eastern divison of thi OunctJ ot BttexsIthreeetmjles frot Batt'e. nine from HastIngRs au- St Leonard's, and 49 from London. with convenient home_.teads And suitable buildings, and tour cottages ; also Ii sacrs of brookian4, in the garehof Whstllngtoo, known as Whatlingtnn-brook. The prc perk maybe vewedand artiular andconitions of gale, with pl1*. 5. b-doMesas, ole.Turer. nd urne. idletrs, Alderinanbury; AFtaM rt ehond o eands Doayhlsad Ea es4 ecdkspae M'uESSRS. DAVIS and VIGE , in conjunction L Iwith Messrm VENZTOM and 510K, are direct" by the assign-es and mnrtgaeees ot M[r. Richard Smith. t.3 SELL, by AUCT1ON, at the Auction Mast, on Wedneosda. September 30 at 12 for 1, In lots, desirable FREEEEOLD And. COPYEHOLD NSTATE3, comaprielur about 400 sActes of erprductive lmnd, In the pt la bes of Whiatllagton Ss!seebe n 3whurst. In the eastern diision Of the oDuntr of Sussx, four milee from Battle, nice from Hastinen and St. Leonard',, and 48 from London, divided Into four farms, with convenIent homesteadsand suitabole bullding,and known as Footlands, ljro&t and. Little s,wale'-gren, and the New Barns:, aic 15 Cottages, the Toll-house on the Hastng-reed, a Batcher-u Shop In the villg of Sciedloao,be, and two Enclosures of Aacommodation land In theopp.rish of Westfield. The property mgay be viewed: and pirtioulars and condi Ao-s of sale wltb plAas, had of tessrs Solp. Turner, and Tarner. solicitors, AlPermanbury; Messrs. Young anud Co., solictIors. Hastings; Mesvms Gregsou and 1o00, solicitors, Angel-court, Throgmorton-strut : Mosses Misttin, solicitors Battle; H. EL Cannan, REq. official seslgas 18, A'deram.nbury, meswrs Ventom and Sju. 7. Angzel-ouart. Thrognoorton-etreet: ait ilbe &uction Mart; socl of Messrs. Daris and Vigers, 3, n5oderick-plaoe, Old Jearry. Bromnley, Middlese, naear the krlnclpsa entrane to the ~Est InEdt. SS..H. B3ROWN and T. A. ROBERTS will M EELL by AUCTION. at the Mart, on Thursday, Septetmber 34, at Mll in two LOYOURDWELLINGaHOTJ9S, being Nos. 1 Ito 21tinclusive. Albert-street, St. Leonarls-road, Biromley, let to Miessra Horn, And other respectable tenants, at rents amountingie £tIoC1 16,. per annum, andbheld direct from the fresh Jder. for 5.bout 80 years, ts a, groud rent of £e3 per annum eahl house, May be viewed, and prinited particulars had of W. RI. New-stead, Esq,. , ElMy-place 1o1 born ; and of Messrs Henry Brownx and T. A. R-oberts, 21,2hre rSofon-street, city. with possessIon, asve Awl-euedUaeod netet RESSRS. H. rBROWN andT A. ROBRSwl MU SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, en Thursday, SeDtember 24. at 12, hIntwolIota, the capitat modemn corner PILE of BUILDINGIS: for many years known as D Oyleyse, In the occipation of MKegrs. Cunrge Babb and0Co..w(ooleudrapers. ituate 310 Strand,tbecornerof Weffatorsteet, comp-rising extensive shop and show scorm, a-d numerous lefty rooms on then up-r foo's with distiucti rcTrate entrance, Pesseeson will be given. Hel~ for a term, whereof about 43 years are asdnxio,a kroent,t oo9 e nu.Ma evee ypr- miSio BRth OennM,PLnEd partiular bad o beesrs. Cioued. Kigdnt, and acottou,olctos 10,LLinby AUrmsIyar, orgWede.stdayt BankofESsRSn.BRoMLd EYio and SON havteM ben favr ot.FURe VERHTdOLD VILLA. RESIDENCES Pleasantly aituate and be'm Nos 41, 2.5, and G. on the Ter-sos, ffr&nL, within a few miuut03',walk`0 tbe raillway station. Itental £1I40 per annum, May be viewed. t'Arilculars had at the Angel and Red Lion Inns, Uford; HuIll Barking: Klulg's HeA ,Romford; Swan, Stratfoyrd: Bromley Arms. SowMeagrs Rickards and Son, solltltors, 2, Crown-court, Old Broad.stceest Then. Lewis, eq-. surveyor, 9, John-street, Adeiplal; place of sale; and of tbo Auctioneer, 17, ComnmercIal-road, E, Loughtn Eex-celtFunture, Fie Oil Paintings and En- grasin2p, Abt 40d n of flee Old Port, two Cases of ChamDagne, two valuable Cw,treSasofaynd Clover, handsome Bay Mare azd Harness, ewonldDc.Pigs, abouxt 102 head at Poultry. Out-dee rils adEfcs 1iESSRS. BBOMLE and SON wil SELL by M JAUL.TION, by order of W. Nathan. Rsq., the proprietor,ren mnoving to town, on Thursday, Sept, 24, at 11 for 12, on the promise. Pebden-icaen. Louhtee, .a-bout Ij mile tramu the railway station, all lbs excellent FTVRhITUiE, coimp,laing an elegat drawinz room unite in enoewood, Brussls carpets, lao, card, and oozaalonal tab es, brilliant tbimney-gin'rea. set of Spsaish mahogany dining tibles. pedetal sideboard, several sute of m.hogasy ehairs. two recretay c okeaseas pianoforte, Ake. ; the bed room urn ae m u four-pet, arabtars, And ether bedstead n untre n aia boddin, erarble waashtands aed dressingc glawses, chet fd es good kitchen requisites, and numerous other effects.hsyb vee on the Wednesday previous and momning of sae.Caloushdn the Dremises - the Cock. ElppIng: Blue Soar.Alat;heKns Boa,;and drown Imns, Louzistau; Bald-ae Stg Wofor King's Head, Stratord ; and of the ractioner,1.C mrca-od E. Note.-Atrain leavestowneat10.10sa.Tn In the neighbourhood of Canoubus. oPrvt eadncea, well ATrd substantIally bitI theya 84 MjR. MURRELL will SELLbAUIO,ath ilMart, on Thusa,Spebr0at2fo1 eok Itn lots, TWO capital bigbitpiaeRSDNE,cnann lh rooms, garden.c,, nago,oe,n heflstain nt bighly respectablenegbuhoof obradHlbry tg N-,s. 10 and 11, Potadpae ew erhra,coeoteNv Rie,let to repcal eat trnsamountigt 8 e nu held fo nuepre emo 1 years at agonretf£0ls escb. May be viewed byprison of th eat.Patclr a At the Mart, aLndo Mr. Muri,Auctioneer, A, 13. Wleok i Brlxton.-Modern Furniture, elebt-day Clock In handsomne mahoza. .y case, Dresden Ornaments, Dinner snd Tea Serrlces.-Uy Mr M &AeON. To-morrow. Sept .5,otn the Premises, 1. ParkCoDttages Lonsgbborouxb-park. tTANDS MJE RoewoodCheffonior, drawing room itues,goo feaherbed, matreses 03And ceran b vetyeddng tellmde orer nearly 1,10 nu of the Iron and coal measures In South Wales. R. THOS.WATKINS (of Oardifl)Is instrcted A byth Proprietors, to ofrer for SALE by AUCTICY at ti'e Commercial Booms, In the city of Bristol, on Thuredsy,depu 15, between the hours of 3 and t in the aftes"oon, several very valuable L'EASEHOLD OOLLIERt1Es ad MINERAL TRACTS (eligibly adaPted for colllerie3 or Iron workat, situate in the nesghbourhoos-l of the hymny an Rhb Yal Iro Wors, aving acoes by raJilwAys to he ort ofCariffandNewort an te mining and meunfa ,- turng iatict ofStaforshie. or iewngthe same and for firetber M R.~~~h aHtoer.ERi eus b eehy aUTINd,Son. slcTosHawk'hast Se t o o h Bsthdr Collikeryb and Cok Ch omnpany, Newport I o othhI wtoro planstofnthe properl Do-k y rerofte otos - teEast and Wes t India Docks Company, a large quantity of STO0RLMS, ooculsting of 5 tons ci wrought Iron. 20 tons of naIls. 25 tone of hoops and laps, 7 ;ar,re iron water tanks, 1 ton of tea 1esd, 19 tons of tarred rote warp. maeting falls, and tow line, 4) bales of shite rope and gunny, G tens of peck!ng cotton, 40.000 Yards of calico. 20.000 yards of wax cloth, 30 tens of gunnyramgs, 4 tons of callico nd wax cloth rags,200 iron-bound mam punchoons, hogahea'ls. and casks, 31e,00 punebeon and hogthes'l stereo and headinig, 1200 new Qabecc oot heading, 7 large iron water tankk, 3 tons of parKr, 5,000 silk and tea mat wrappers, 1,000 grins bags, 50 sugar and ealtretre bags 30 cwt. ofsemn steaine, 200 case~_S,W00castor oil tins. 9 saale beam' % 5a vn-rs, a cart. 30 vuAn nd truck wheels, 2 large winnowinog or s -renlnsn maschines, firewood, And a great variety of other storms, May bhve viewd two day,s prior to the sale. Catalogues hW at the superintendent's ofcs -tAdWest India Docks; and of the auctioneer, 17. Changeally Comnhill. and ShadwelL. Ucc tlof Sale,-5, PYlory-rnal, Wandswortm-road 'To PrIvate F'amilies, Parties Purnsmi-hg-. and others MAB- GEO. DOUGAL will SELL by AUMTON, oi. n the Premises as above,TUIS DAY, Sept. 4thx. at 12 genuine lSOUSEEROLD FURNITU F. mahogany leo dining, ansi o tter tables. bhlmney-glarrs, Brorcele carpes sne rus. horsebhair chairs, mahogany four-poetftaed*teads,beds and bedding. ehesis 01 dra-em ch" adaeffets. Catalogues of thbe auctioneer. Carital modern Furniture, Eight supeslor Piccolo aLnd Saml-O'ttare Pianofortes by 0adby and o%her emninent moakers, 6O0vols. of Rents, Paintings, Engmrangs, and Innumerable useful and ornamental Effects. 14ESSIlS. OXENHAM will SELL by AUCTIO'N. MV at their Roors,15M.Oxford-stret. tear the Pxntheon. THIiS DAY, atil1 for 12 ounctmual, the capital modern rURNITU RE including draw-leg room suites in walnut tree and roetwood, with ourtains en suIte, lIo card, and fancy tables, cheffonlerm chimney and pier glasses, inlaid cabinets and tab'es, tw~o beautiful sem%-cottace pinrofoetea In walnutt-tree cases, one by Oadby, clx others by, erinent maker In roeewood eases mahogany dining room And library chair', eof.s,andeas chirscovredIn oroco nd air cloth. pedestal and end-d sieboads dningtabls. bokcaes,a., arabian, four-po t, and Bkingtolarroes drawers, wa mprhtandt, eeseit tabe Bs, air. P P5rewvery. with 95 Inns atnd PobIic,houfaseAattached, Also a Freohold Farm of 52 sore', the whole In one lot. MP, B- RIOHARD MOSS has boon favoured with in- 11.. amuci,ns romtheDe-iee. n Tas,Vu-l ng nder the Will of the late Charles May, eq., to SELL by publecA UIONath ofbhighbstandingin the ouznty, ansi hasbornconduct,dsiwith emiinent rurouss; it in now in a most thriving and tmnpeos odition. Trr, trade In gradually en the increas and amtn`nnDteert durin)gl the Ins 12 months to ne-as-dEof12,000 barrels Ins-ly one-half of whichwa3gstrong salut with ample moDpe fOr increasng it to anY reasona,ble extent. There eafee a fine opening farthe sdditinn f thespirit trade,.whitblt, Isre' manted would amount tobten .6 nd200galn eranm BasegeoteIs itutein a beautiful art of the country, writhlin 5) miles oYr abont an hour and P. hs.tf ot 1-ndon by the ESnuth.Weet?s Railway. The prop-rty comprises the brewery, witha malt-houses, and ext`euive and commnodious Premises. embracing every requisite for carrying on the trade, 15ituate cleee to the railway, In the town of Baningutoke Also two capital Reslidences, sultuble fsr tbho necpatien of the principals. The whole of the buid)ab are Of the mnost en"etan. tal character and In excellent repair. The brewer is fitted snD with a 28qur ter plant. oustructtod upon th mosgt mnodern prinelpi, cons2bl.in g all the ceoent Improvements, workeod by a stem (,ngine ad talu'Ig store vats, to contain About 1,000 barrel. Therae6 fr-chold, cODpyhld, and learehold inns and public-honars attached to the concern, together 'with ntumerous cott-ages, land, and etheb rpry byfar the larger portioni Of which is of freehold tenure': zand - o 30 puibilo-hourEs, upplied from thebrewery. A raldemablenunt. her of the6 houses are situato In the town and netghbonrbtw)d, and the remainder xin tho towns and villages within to or 12 miles of thaboew-ery, aimo In the Important towns of odibam, 'Parham,w Alton. Alderbhott, Hlartley-row, Fernborongh. Everaley. Rllckwater, and Winchester. The houses for the masoctT are in excellent repair, large ums bayuin been annually expendd In maintalnan them in the most efficient state. They are let to a respectable and responsible tenantry. at old lo,wrentsls, hich would justify considderablyaugmenting. At the same time Wilmb sold Two very valuable PuhIle-houses with bUld1,eg land, situate Immediael opposit the princIpal enteance to the permanent barracks at the miltary camip at Aldcrsbott, of which further patiulaca will appear In future advestlsumionta A1lso will be inclluded in the salle, a F'reehold Farm, of about f2 acres of highly produ-tire pastur antd arable land, 'with f armhouse and buildings. The purchsase wIl have the option of taking a lease of a farm of 170 saems Immediately adjoining, and ths transfer of the tenatncy of about 119 Acres making In tbs whbols 335 sores. To gentleenca of capital this property offers unuslual advantages for investmnent, the clbaractor of the buemeno sodnting bo a certainty the average return of a fiIr amnount ot profit for the capital Invested, and secrin to the prOprietor considerable local infuene,whih ivaiaby ttahe toaPaprty of this deiptuon. Thetrstes re reare t leveonethrdof the purchas sxneoy upo motgege ethprpe~, i reuird,at 5 per cent. way ho Brc~8os, ndChalis ofBainglok an ~55s..s ; odof Mr No, 12 XdSews-,rorAd 2addlogtun-ToSddl, znwnkr fiXtqre8r4kes- and abt Pereto. U. P WT , tOR&D) will SIL byA%tYOION, idior%so. the aztnreeand al-u4k seomprlalngoonnie,sahl3w aeass blidne nehI. ot drwawe gm flttrnjs A., aod a few k*g of useal bousehald furnIlture. On view mornt ug of mis. Oataaoguu on the premi.--. and of ibe an Ilositer. 36, Poultry. In RAuruPne7.-NO. Mucen'e-bul2dlngs, KIslgbLabexijs,-7b onseef.e D5oOgOT5. Fixture o(c, Broken, and o-hees.3F inp-os Pe. tnileos undetia!b4lyituate, wItbh immed1i,11 DO.eC3u10, witbh th4, mo,lern iter ad FItItngs. Ri . PETER BROAD wil BELL bY AUCTOY,jo MtD on the Premises THIII 7)&: September 4,,at 1 -ci ord ro-t tan &Atekz1~e, the liEN EF!I61&t, I)NTER ST 53~; 'lgf of those elI. ibio L SUITESS PltEMIBES. being NG % eou, b;M toes. X.igtahridge: htld for a term of Ut- lwl ON 1 drsfr3 the 25Lth lia-wet. 141, sttho low rent of 13 peranuum, ogotisor si- h the whole of the modern Fixturs an3d FittIngs Of Trade, Whiols are of the n.e idoner4stIou. May bevIewed. Particulars and conditions of sWe on tho promises; of Moanzs, Lawranoe, Plows, andS flayer. OlJ Jewry-chanbees; and of the auctiouber, 20, Poultry. ,',M,Ur hsie Wtues sal bheirtts Rookg. Oabrlole Denbet, Grndesa assFinrea, 20 Fowls, Spring Cart, and yazlo, Eff".-I,,"Ate III I iroionof the AmigneesL WB PETER BAD is instructed. to SELL by AUCTION, On the pvmlm nMody So t. 7 M 12o'cou2 tbo gmprlTor &1o1 eltant FURNI REn.d WIcTTNBOth bv tI e roone, on--igofspeirmhgn o t=Ofld5b. dong. -loen. concbrmIn lbas betodrper wanb ' arbs Beuz3-lu ca 0t5,ebdr rtingg dmsyr m.j mahogany dlnlng. room ~ul -e Tifrkey carpet. and drapery1 a fineIoned&,gAanfori '. elopan0 sA.utot.-ee drawing-room suite in needleworic noreM rs,txianu cb1imtey-flissos, superb obandalIers tapestols Carpet land. racks stlAm oamloeywit. ha.dsome cornico;; brary furniture, oomnprtl w o ba d,,oone SpanIsh mahogany ranges of bookessee, 600 volum'esr at be. ks., "snta lc s- maitl Cellar of choiceowines sd sptirts, conu. pTLing On4e ,Id P.t,i iSLerry, Hock. Ohamptgne, brandy, o,' kitchen r, csniitrs, breitug utensils, a collectIon of plants, ersian vases and teb-ta, -d unomeroes effola,is On view two aays prior to sae. Cata. losues on khe premises', of Ohms Lee Us. orsa. assg ,20 .Aider-. manbry;of euse. '. nd L. IL dkinter and Ran=tod Si elaue.. o' at the neiioes of I4,. Peter Broad, auctioneer. 18, Poultry. &.btoU V1lta. Wcan.Oad n th ewsa-ra . short ~distnm fromn the two New-cron sStatios wihnmru aciities for reach-. lng I-re wsot end, and imTaediat po-msifloo. R ROBINS is instructed to SELL by AUCG. L ITION3, at the idart, on Tbursday, September 17 at 1 and per'sm,,t- uily, a "'eel delightful and very oom;plete RE8IDE&Ci. known. as A tot,n Villa, Wikbtam-road, leading out of the Lewishalnrnvaij, lb tituat Ion offe,rig a'l the charmsi of the country,. Commanding extontivo,o vise" oi the esurroundlngfsenery innledngtheo Crystal Palacef. It has; been roeuntly receted in the m;as substantia manner, tinder the dlroo.. hecn oi an architect of emlue:nse and no expense soared to render Ilts mist a mpiplte for the acnommost.ton of a family. It presnts a plf,bsinge. teonr, the rooms lort ad of excellent proport oag, om p"isih g seeu heed chambers and =ynIng coona, elegant drawing rooim 2 fro th by 1, ope,ing to the gWenm6 dining room 22 feet by 18, and' famous stooecloset, writh morning room and cDtnvnient domostIc ofli,ea bal-w' trout garden, withi carriage drive, and largefpemamoa gar co. with fawss, at the rear, lad out and planted wJth grou taste; e.leo an ezoellent carrnage-house and stable at the sido, The lpropertpe is leasehold for 97 years, at a vary low ground rent, Particulars had no the premises; of Mesrs Boy and Caetwnrh t sollcitors,Lothbmry of J. D. Flonery, Esq. solicitor. B, Fumrial's-92i; Lud athe Auctio Mart, Mr he viewed by coerds only whIch may be obtained abt Mr. ?l-Nor's - -foes. 0ovent,irardsen. I, a. 82. Btr.nd.-finnt's relebratec and luormtlr ~D-i ment, with Imamediate p zIon. ljR. Ro BrNS is directed to 9ksL by AUCTIOIT, Lt.at the Mart, on Thursday. Septembe-r 17, at 1i, without Lug cermre the LIFAiE and GOODWiLL of the welt-known and anooen. rel COFFiKF and CHOP HOUSE. established by Mr. Hunt, at A2 Stran,d. The premise poreses considerable np-stairs, acoommodatioim ro,, dlring pai,a.t- with an extensive saloon on the giround floor, offer.- ing crIrr ornvnfer.eu to the numerous frequenters of this excellent aedlresseroo ourr', o wichImedIteposessIon may be had.. The eor ha 18yeas nerpred at200geieas a year. May hodewd,sodpatIulas ad n hepreiss:of Mesur Ray and Carwniht.rolcitrs,otbcr; o Mr Ilckly.solicitor, 2, Sorre-. elere, Swnd atthe uctin Mar; an ah r. Robias's oXfces;,. Idoaton -T5ZG6lisFrihig untueDaes -sod othe-s, liiR.~-tH.MATINwtl SLLbyAUOTION,ort Lv I thePromslree, 27 ucel.l fw rth-roa4 Hexton,, TRi Ift 4,Y ,t 4. at!fotpeslyth genuinfe HOiSZEHOE,ro F`UirN`TTtIRICandu FET,a rviul detsd On view. U,tq-nsad.-To Line daer,Hand oshees, Hosirs,-Private Yand m .G. H. MTARTIN will SELL by AUCTION~', --othPremises 62, Bath-stroet, Oity-rcoa, on Tuesday. Sept. s, at 1I for 12 o'clock precipely, on aoccout of the number of lotg, thonL A SE oa tte PR Et dE, l S. at only £32 per annum rent. toWeter with the pnuine rTtjOK in TRADE of a LINE1NDR&PEss, Rabere MI CT, and 4Under, consisting Of Prits, linings, ciahlnjesflannels, sheotings,, hosiery. cottonte, aud a large quantIty or remnanta of ereey description. Sonview day prior anid morning 0t sale. Catalogues on the preomiees; and at Hfr. 0. El. M.rtln'e city auction and estatosgesir-y otlce,, 49 S5i'tner-drteot, Snow-hilL Lvughton close to the ,, Vlaio-ll"t cn hoic "Iota of Frebold Ladd R. MRMAUKEMATTEHEWS will SELL,' m a th Ma nnTaM-7 Setemer 2.the SECOND POPR0' brocfine all the high read frontages, and presentin mnset favour-. able opt-ortuntlte, for profi-ablo building invcstmnents In busines and otbor errotlo,,, -Est.te-oiloees, Fiubury PAntechutelon, City-TOad. bis sell built I-eldnos Tuo adPrc 7ila,o ~the St. T~homas' Hospital Estat-'. Hcny R fclscr Inveatumente, and BuildinE Land at BRcft,toIadIfm,t Rl . MARMAUK MTREWS willSELLs. at the Mart on vat lti, oa Ian 2 B rle-tret, t.cnee oferngoerct einileInveetmeutf; for canitai,, 5Isuryh Z,-eNs.& MA B LEREWi aoo'dwt istractions from the LVJl)rectors, of th aen icnsS onCoznpany to SELL bp AXt T14),N, at the Ih- oos btealwbar-f Cannon-row, West-' miStier, o M ona.8penr1 a-fl folloing day at II tor ii o cli a- a xmot vlal ASOTETo ABTICL'F. imanufao. tured f Raneotus,'s a.p sbbeeits,c one omprising chimney. pilece,. hbiu,tr.de, teies ae ir.trinals, &a. ; Tases, foun. tales, fern tara. jrdnes gig bo.huadtone,. tablets, fonts. ac..Lieberwit eone arbe ad eameledstone chhmnor-pieceft, flis-lg s.bs an Ol.,r. My b deedon FridaLy and Saturday prir ad me-ti,gof 'I. aid ataegne hd en days Previously ap- A.gssynear Gose-etd. ttas-Ibr.R r IlIIO A ,a Ib ni Am.0 on Twealar Sept.&at3 steetroe d's. X.C. : and a th aefsl. laicldenos. MR5 . TROlIEAS FOX wiU SELL by AUCTION, oIno Wein-lnesy. September 9, at 12 for 1, the exeelles modern FURS I ET R E of IBeaufert-cottaze, Wellngton-road, IBowread, ris-the five minotees of the Bow StaLtion North L-undon line cosiPrisl, g ban lweo-r wanut-wanod snrto of drawing-room furniture In green sMti," chimney gla.ee. Browels carpets and rug%, Spanish trvahogary dilue tablet, chairs,dinner w-ggon, elwant chimney, ern.rtevt'. o,tage pianoforte. nmahoanyr Arabian and Feenics bedeteedsand furlirnro, primlegoore feather belaand mittr-oases,Wit1ser blanket-,, maeblse to,p washestanda. rhest of drawers,toilet glasses. andi the usual chsrnhe.r reqet,telt~.ee.ina.. gl-as, and kitcben requisites. lSp ~be siowaeithe dcvpreioneuand m-inzotgo ale. The es of le, ears ef the above de.ieahlo Ro-idence, will be bold "r"seyA=t%2 Particulars and cat4lseft son the mnret-A. and l iv Tioias Flor. aeeti.oeres-and b "taagent. 03. libpgt- etwti Il'roten,Id -The took-souse ait Snbury,en en atao h Ts o ,aitb a Iveluable Pot of iLad adoining,haganiprntfuao to '- ho River. and adrsvte I for a gentlemnsihngBx 1)ULLEN and SON ate favoredwt ntctoi I. Iconsthe, Th.-es sNavrigation Comm' tteofo h iy fLno to SELL by AU(PT1ON, at the P7-tart. no weinesa.Sp.3.a 2 ,mbstatetislly-b,dIlt FREIIROLI) OOTrA&Oi tE SlsIE,wti L'se ad land faltosgether about so acre andahufknwu o ff.-house . I'O mmedfialely opposite Siunbury ChurhaAtefryi the Iyarlh or waittn. surrey.facinsete steier, towhm Ita.an[. pav~ant froa,tagv of I.sward, of L500 feet. The cottgielhfrp Plluste, and, at a s-na I -rapn.e misht be oo ventdito anarctv reidence. or gentletn,.,,g'e iQhn-bx. May b vede dbyaiig - i-Ic Thurkle. the lockkeepor at S mbury, arid priuasbi Ft-rd. is-.nd, Ee1 ,Gosmptr:fiie'soelse, G.lIhall; fi.W.Lah Feq.. Eurnenes',i-A5e. fltrand-on-the-Grema; at teMr:ado ret'-ren-I ix. 50. Foro-str oet, CrirPpiezatc. Iisc.u-mndsay-street.--To Build%r OotratOore, WIeelwrlglsin, and D"e MPIj. PEAKE SIs directed to SELL by AUCTIONT, L .on the Plrremise. adJointre the railway arches, Hcrmnndser. street, on Tues-lay, Sepitembes- tO, (inctead of September 8th, as pres-I. o slyaierticesi Iat 12 o'cl,cOk. swithout the sllghte.t reserve ab, Out 00 -sres of PITCH PINE yellow and white flooring board, dry pice bords, various thirkbesso, plknke. deal s, ad battens, d toads dry be oh, and 0 JIo%de doelcaxted ditto, of remarkable fino figue, 5 ladsdryelmplak. arius hicnesss, bout t00 large elm stoks,sutabe fr hrcwr,rhs. ladsAmrican elm in iog,. ehm lab en h- h titiu., mal quntiy abogany boards, horn-- Nearl n w Ftrntre. RiT B. EDD. Liu NILEY'wil SELL by AUCTON LJat the Chambriem on ti-gsond or an, d baremet of No. 1Z B.CiAY (ridayvtt1totttr 2, theCONTEItTSOI a (GENrI,Iii,tN'5 SUITE of CH IIABERS, a walnut. wed drawinc-room. suite encore-d in gree,n carled ilk, chimney-giasaeK ftt.lr-sof curtainst. ne.rly new cmr-eta. 61 ootttorepianoforte, by Msott, excellmtentcAmber and oflis. fttrnltume domestic and kitchen re stL.- Mite, end varions eldectz. Hay be viewed and catalogues hbad at litr. IT P-ry'sausti-an ohlees. t7 ChanoerybDc. ho. Acute-coad, Eeyal-e-esvnt Notn-btiL-llto n ousho-ld is-m- t'itus-s aol?Mlscs-IIan2Co_ Effects. UESSRS. PRIEsiT end LAWRENCE will SELTL ITIbyA1JCTIOV on the Prmifses. No. L St, se '-R Ioya~eretcont,Notting-hill. on Menday next, Sept 7 at 12 for I prOcbloey, tho excellent mol,,rr o HTSSiROLD FURiIITURF, comlpr'sin-mabiogot.y. Arabi -n. andt French hedsteads and hoddin-, Spanish mahoga`ny warrotIe. zmarble-tv -hastna.'s,toilet tables,,aecondary bedroon. Stltags,capital Ritnst-h maso-gxny eldoase,&.rosewool, Io, aand cardI tables. sels of chairs, c -ucheR soLos. and easy Chairs, elegant erocte tile cavpote, h-.vth og,, fenitmsse nd Itona, Ins-ge ch muey glasses eliots, giaMs kitchen reqni.iio', and a variety of neeful and ornamoutg e-us cts On view S1attsrioy. and catalogues had on the premaises; and , she eurtioneors. i IUpi-r Ct. .aio'.a it,.iglou.- LeaIe and G*-dw,-1I of theRoieseosn,ltycr. pl.d hy MT'R t 1R001cr and Gilover. a Banks-pt. M ESSRS. PLEWVS and WALL arc d'trected b the ass ermies,situte 2. Hdgecow.L'ln to,hold frem a, n unxidro Wel, 3. oulry an Capbt Ground G ineu round. MESRWOODS W s-dFl SELL by AUCMION, on Mon. day,ptemOr 7. at 2 for 3 at the lOori J e HounlOse 74idtlers,r, FlsIVE tIAAEIIOLD COTT7AGMSand a Y31ILDINd PLOT of OR9 iTND. In hree o obet offering a most desirable oPa inrity to builders nd semal eaItIrmus, for investment or occupation I the cottuo being bell po, lae fo:r 93 yeats ala low renstal and &al c tto good tbenants goerl uotgtientalf n kiper annum. For poriuo. 'ar pisply to Mr. Wooos, aenlioronr. I oenslowr Tol0 D-la. PooI rnd opodf. Leashol Prerties. MIAR. SHUTTaLEWO ET spectullyremindls tho pb.tI public.tht hi SALE ofvlual s a OSEPROPERTY. in ga tblr umeal P r tse at hlno la, T Aa Ca Te I inIt . Septeme 4. Ibis lvng and MI.SrM Essps. wo da rndelouebln Property. lIrESSES. W.LL^1 r.vd SELL *, BONAM wineSLLtb AUCrION,. at their l-ce Room 19,l gontle-qua-irant,THN RVtulvOO;FIDdap tat 6.an(4 ssemblothe c tihal h dUSEHsLD FURMI ZrRE and tISOELlAeOUO) EP RECrs ; oinstiti, trof besdmoadl bed, ochstsof drawerswash. staode 10 let glhvre.e, lIrNdls, bidl inster and O rdrug, chners chuse.la-e.rtt%irs,% sets of car,esee n ny "5r a00, di,rnn. pembroke. a-id other tt'eon mle, bd WOOed, and Other go orl furnithing end quantity of misoallanoons leme, oO n view, an nd caa tge a bo s 200 pecuatIv el- ani red-rnPirtrce,f'itur r Frames do., to Sae,ThsEvnig.andn h minute. O~ES and BONHAM stil SELL by stret,TUsa \-EiIG. t £inlbsmInie abut 00ancient and moden PC1'JRF, rch arvd ad glt rasrs,do.On iew, and God modern liounebhod Furniture Cut Glas and Metal vsspendinr Lamps &on Chandelierst for OIL, as, and cadies 30-loch Iron Rop'dtery, Pictures, &c. ESSRS BULLrK wU SELL at bberjrmat. as tilesrn wOlutwooD; glss,crpets nclurintaI, trenc bsowxes an rut-ed, and eatalnguoes 0, An othe
