DEATHS. Oa Wedol d3y. the l1th iust. at the bout e or the Rev. TheophIga' Bsalez; IaUIn4con, Zdjs Lucretia Blois8 jstll0, of I. P.rK-etreot Blatb, sister to the late louo. George W. Ottley, formerly MW o f t t Council in the 1sland of Antigua. On the 18th Inst,, at bInarghar, Ireland, axed 64, uary Anne Eoe, widow of Thomase .ote, FAq.. late o2 lt, Greorge!e l Itl-, tLoadocn On the 2itof lst., at IaUngton, Xr?. FannY Fuler, widow of the Olte 33njo. Fuller, usq., many yaert an InhabitAnt of lIorseoy, in her 91st year. On the 21th lDst,, at Wenstroft., Koaldey*roAdz, BIlsegbam, Mre WWlam R)lend. aged 62, afIer many yeariV acute sufllesiog, borne Witth Christian fortttide, On the 25th irgto, at Hamemare, Etchlngham, Sussex, John anepp, Esq. aged6&s On the 25th Ist., suddenly, MIt. HEenrY Z.eggAtt, sen, of 79, CoenhlDl, in his 658th year, mauch epvcteoa. Ona the 25th, Inzt., at his residenoo. 2, Grosenorr.road, Highborg NewIDark, Charle Wix, Esq. Oni Thursay,. the 213th iogt., In Hollos.etreot, Cavendish.eqeare, the Rev. W. Ptovls Trelawney Wiakhm. aged Si. On the 28th lust., at Truro. Mrs. handle, relct of the lsate Coloel sandys, of Lanrth Hoace. Curwall, aged 78. On the 26th Inst., aged 49. at 8, Dorset-terrace, Olapham.road, WWlIam.thlrdsonof the late Ii'obert Broughton. 9sq., doeplyregreteed by his family anti friends. On the 27th Inst., at Bengro Hall, Herts, Admralra Goweelin, In the 92d yearof his age. On the 27th Inst., atWokirigham, DerIks, George Rowlanld Efllott. eldest won ot George WIlliam Nlood lsq., aurgeon, aged 3i year.- "of such Iz the kingdom of Heaven." On the 27th loot in the 51st year of his age, Jamies Phillps, Esq., E.F.C.S., of Bethoo EHouse, lfethoai-green. On the 27th loot., at his reeidence, No. 157, Rectent-street. Mr. John .Pugh, an old aod msuch respected Inhabitont of the parish ot SIs. Jaames's, Wuesernintlr, in the 81stt )eir of his tsge.
MILITABY AND NAVAL INTELLGENOTU in consequeuon of the great danger arising from the close proxilty of the rifle practidug ground at St. ]ays-creak, Chath*m, of the troops who re being instracted in the use of the Enfield rifle, to the dockyard and the fieldworks of the Royal Engineers, the authorities connected with the Boad of Ozdnnce have deemed it necessary to select a largepore tion of ground on the marshes on the other aide of the Madway, opposite ChathamDockyard, which will be used exclun sively by the troops st Chatham garrison who are undergoing a corseofinstrmction inthe use of the5iEni6 rifle. Theground selected is admirably adapted for the purpose to which it will be applied, and is of such extent as to enable the whole of the troope of the varous branches oF the servino who ae under instraction to practise at one time, Jnstad of waiting for each other, as IL now the ca. Banges from 100 up to 900 yards cau be obtained, the back of the ground being composed of Eolid rock-, wbioh poeseame several advantages A large shed capable of accommodating 3 men will be erected, so tht the instraction can be oarried on during all weathers. The troops will be conveyed across the river in large flst-bottomed boats, provided for the purpose, and the spot seletd being very retired there will be no fear of accidents taking place. The convicts who are now at Chatham will be employed in levelling the ground and preparing the rock in order that the troops ay commenoe their instructions as early as possble. The ground at preseut ed for rife pratioe wJl be given up to the RoYal engineers for the fieldworks of the Royal Sappers and Miners. On Saturday a large quantity of stores from the War Department arrived at Chatham for the use of the troops under orders to proceed to India. An Admiralty order was received at Chatham on Saturday by Colonel B. A. Parker, Commandant of the Roy.1 arine Light Iufantry, directing the folowing detahments of oflicers and men to be held In readinews for embercation, viz, -Captain T. P. Casey, Lieatenant F. Ley, Lieutenant HL 0. Bowker, and TLeutenant G. Hewett, together with 124 non.commissioned offioers and men of the llght in fantry companies, and 20 men of the artillery companies to embark on board the Renown, 91, Captain A. Forbes ' First Lieatenant . Spry, with 19 gunners of the Royal Marine Artillery, and 15 non-commissioned officers and men of the Royal Marines, to embark on board tho Bacoon, 21, Captan J. A. Paynter; Second Lieutenant A. Hill and 20 men of all ranks of the Royal Mrines, for embarcation on board the Calypeo, 18, Captain F. B. Montresor. The Goliath, 80, which has been some months in dock, at Chatham, for the vnrpose of being converted into a screw steamer, having completed her repaJrs, is ordered to be taken out of dock at spring-tide this day, when she will be towed to Sheerness for the purpose of being fitted with her machinery of 400 horse-power, after which she Will retn to Chatham to be made ready for sea The Racoon, 21, CaptWin . A. Paynter, is ordered to be docked at Chathan to be fitted for sea. With a view of catering for the comfort and economy Of the soldiers garrisoned in Woolwrich, and at the ame time to obviate the evils of intemperance, a large house facing the Royal Marine Barracks has been rented by a committee of Whom Captain Steele, R.A., is the director, for the purpose of establishing a military insEtitte which will provide the soldier with the many advantages of a clabhouse on a most moderate scale of admission,-namely, a single penny per week from each member. The readingroom will be supplied with the daily and weekly journals and magazines, together with a library of interesting and amusing books. Other portions of the establish -ent wll be devoted to refreshment, bagatellerooms, &c, The purchase of the furniture and the payment of other incidentl expenses required for the opening of tLe institu tion will be defrayed by subscriptions of 5s. each, to be contributed by officers of the garrison, together with donations liberally promised. The fund is already in a flourishing condition and the establishment in progress The freight-ship Moor of Venice commenced on Saturday shipping military stores from Woolwich arsenal for Malta and Corfu. The freight-ship Sarah Fox, military clothing for Port Nlatal; the Osbert, Ordnanoc stores for Dominica; the Lord Dalhousie, for CaLlcutta; the Sultana, for Kurrachee; the Gertrude, for Bengal; the Julia, for Bat London, Cape of Good Hope; and the Metasis, for Trincomalee. The stores are conveyed in lighters from the Royal Arsenal quay to the London Docks, where the above named ships are at present lying. A detachment of one corporal and five gunners of the Arillery Company of Royal Marines and four privates of the Light Infantry of the Woolwich division were on Saturday told off for embarcation on board Her Maj3estys screw steam-sloop Lyra, one of the squadron ordered to the West Coast of Africs for the suppression of the slave trade. The Triton and the Spitare, having adjusted compasses, have sailed from Greenhithe for the above-named station. To insure every available means of efficiency for each ship of the squadron, the Lords of the Admiralty have had their boats fitted with Clifford's gear for instantly loweling Without the necessity of checking in any degree the speed of the vessel, the want of which has been so often felt. The crews of the Triton, Identenant-Commander Burton, and the Spitire, Lieutenant-Commander Campbell, in running down the river tested the plan on Friday last most severely and with perfect success, although in each instance it was the first occasion of the men in the hoats having tried the experiment. The boats thus lowered can carry any number of men with equal security, and it is impossible for the boats to cant in descent. The following promotions in the Royal Artillery were on Saturday announced in Woolwich Garrison Orders, namely'- Lieutenant William Booth, to be Captain, vice Cap. taiB and Adjat at Boultbee, resigned; Second Captain Blackbarn, a0ppoited Adjutant of the 4th battalion, in the room of uoultbee, resigned; and Lieutenant Lyle, to the Royal Horse Artillery, vice Booth, promoted. The Australian Steam Company have received information of the arrival in Hobson's-bay on the 20th of August of the Undaunted, after a good ran of 75 days from Plymouth. She is one of the Australian auxiliary steam clippers, and commanded by Captain William Eales Franklyn. She carried 424 Government emigrants, who are classed as follows :-76 married couples, 17 single men, and 233 single women, and 84 children between l and 14 years There were no deaths, bat four births. The ship having been visited by the local surveyor was pronounced scrupulously dean. THE MILITIA. The Northamptonshire Militia will, it is understood, be removed to Plymouth in a few days to do garrison duty. On Friday 21 officers and 517 rank and file of the Roscommon Militia embarked at Dublin on board the Trafalgar and Prince steamers for Liverpool, whence they will prooeed to the camp at Aldershott, where they will be, stationed until further orders
Tim \VFATHER ix THE CHArNEL A2-D T COAs?vn MAi.-The rough weather of last week has occasioned some fatal loESes of men and ships in the Channel, and delays in the regular departure and arrivals of the mail packets. The wind has not blowrn furiously, but strong, and when on Thursday it veered to east-north-east the heavy seas in the Channel and swell on the bars produced the mischief and delays. Thursday night was the outward India mail night at Dover, and most anxious were the General Post-office authorities to get the 143 boxes across to Calais in good time. The South-Eastern Railway train arrived at Dover 2 minutes before U o'clock; the mail was put on board the Prince Frederick Wiania (the contractor ha=ing specially placed her onthis service) by the Post-offace portera in 40 minutes, at the west side of the Admiialty-pier; but by the time the good ship got in Calais roads the wind had shifted adversely, and there was too little water to enter the harboar and too much swell for tha boats to come out, consequently the Prince could not get in before half-past four, and the mails did not get away uitil nearly 6 o'clock on Friday morning. The Admiralty engineer, Mr. Walker, was present to witness the embarcation of tEe mails at the Admiralty pier, Dover, at midnight, and onatb very next day, by his orders, such improvements were cornmenced as will insure greater facUity and safety in futmre to passengers and the public service. When it is considered that the delay of a quarter of an hour very frequently de. ranges the mail packet services to the extent of svhutting the packet out of Cas harbour for many hours and of risking the anding of the mails in small boats from the Roads, the absolute necessity of running from London to Dover by rail ion ashoz and ofe of tiray aa the express passenger trains cpyw and-of giving every pier and quay facility at Dover for smp,ping the mails, must be apparent to everybody. Tho ment; but it woul bevr uhS lfe farneent were made to arri early$ a I 'lock aspi ble, for the tides always suit rtthattimein ordinary weather for the vessels to enter and to leara the harbour. Inns isi however, impracticable with strong }.N.E winds, d low water. The same causesthat preventedthe Indtamails from arriving at CaLais at the usual time prevented the regular English mail packet from leaving CalaLs, The vessel had to remain with the English malls until there was sufficient water for her to come out. On Friday night, the wind blowing still very strong from the saine quarter, the mail for Paris that left London at 8.30 p.m. did not leave Dover until 3 o'clock on Saturday morning, and Calais at 6 a.m.; and so with respect to the mail from Paris, it did not reach London before noon on Saturday. The English mail packet to Ostend nut only get Away on Thursday night from Dover, bnt arrived at Ostend in time to save the mail train thence to Germany; but the Belgia Government mail packet did not budge from Dover harbour with Friday night's mails from London until past 6 on Saturday morning, and none of the South-Eastern packets crossed the Channel between Dover and Caais on Friday and Saturday. The packets, however, with the day Prench mails, have raun across at the regular times. On Saturday night the English mail pacted started at her usual time for Ostend, but the English mail packet could not enter CaLais before 6 o'clock yesterday (Sunday) morn. ing, consequently she did not leave Dover before 4 o'clockand the packet with the mai from Paris could not leave 'aails before 7 o'clock; but on arriving at Dover, with 46 -passengers, the South.kaatern Railway Company sent therm ,to London by special trin. The above Etatement of fact4 winl explaln the caules that have ps ced the irregularity in receipt of correspondence dtuing the last few days.
MONKY-MABKETandCITYINTBLLIGENCE. Saturday Evening. The funds have shown increased buoyancy today, but a further rise of a half per cent., which took place at the commeuicement, was not fully maintained. Under the infiuence of the annoancement that Government do not intend to bring forward any measures with regard either to Exchequer-biUs or Indian finance at the approaching meeting of Parliament, Consols for money, which left off last eveniug at 018 to i, opened at 91k to 1. Late in the day the rapid rise brought in sellers, and the final transactions were at 91w. For the new account on the 8th of January the last price was 92 to E or 90o to I ex. dividend. The recovery during the week has been to the extent of about lI per cent. Bank Stock left off at 215 to 217; Reduced and New Three per Cents., 90a to i; India Stock, 217 to 220; India Bonds, 30s. to 256. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 6s. discount to par. In the Stock-Exchange loans on Government securities continue to be freely offered at 5 per cent. At the Bank of England the applications have been lighter to-day than at any time during the past three weeks, and in the discount-market choice paper can be negotiated at a fraction below the Bank miniimum. There have been no announcements or rumours of failures to-day. Foreign stocks continue to advance, although only a moderate business is transacted. The inal price of Turkish at 2 o'clock was 89 to J, showing an improvement of about i per cent., and after regular hours there were buyers at 9OJ. Buenos Ayres were negotiated at 84; Portuguese, 431 ; Russian Five per Cents., 105i ; ditto, Four-and-aHalf per Cents., 95; Sardinian, 89i; Spanish New Deferred, for the account, 251; Turkish Six per Cents., 88k, 891, and 89; for the account, 89i and i; and Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96. The closing quotations on the Paris Bourse this evening failed to arrive, but operations took place in the Three per Cents. shortly after the opening at G7f. loc., showing no alteration. A further sum of 106,0001., chiefly in Russian gold, was sold to the Bank to-day. Numerous communications received from the representatives of the solid commerce of the country indicate that the speculative classes wiiU not have smooth work in their approaching onslaught against the Bank Charter Act. Perhaps, indeed, it is doubtful if they will dare to bring forward any definite demand for its abrogation. The plan will be to insist upon the introduction of a " relaxing power," and it is here that the danger lies of many respectable persons being entrapped into their policy. But it would be far better that the system should be entirely repealed. A law made to be broken at every time of trial can serve no other purpose than that of demoralizing the public, by showing them either that it is not founded on any definite principle, or that a principle once set up may be habitually disregarded. Many who feel the force of this argument, however, are deterred from upholding it by the terror that at a future crisis we might find ourselves cut off from all remedy. The doctrine, they say, is sound, but the practice would be too awfuL Their faith is good, except up to the final point. In that case they had better leave principle alone and trust altogether to empiricism. The two will not mix. A soldier who believes that courage will carry hir through anythiug, except when he comes to cross bayonets, should rely upon some other quality, and not trust to courage at all. He could create a panic, but never win a victory. If, therefore, the Government do not believe that our currency regulations under the Act of 1844 were based upon an immutable principle which, faithfully respected, may constitute a safe reliance at all times and under aU circumstances, and prove, indeed, like the keystone of an arch, essential in proportion to the pressure that may exist, it will be their duty to suggest such other principle as they may conceive to be the right one,for a right one there must be,-or to avow that they have no conclusions on tne subject, and that we must return to the previous plan of leaving everything to the discretion of the Government or of the banking interest for the time being. Meanwhile the advocates of the Act, believing that a truth is good for everything or nothing, are prepared to maintain not only that it has never failed, but that it never could fail. They also contend that it is to the virtual existence of that relaxing power which the timid are afraid to see entirely prohibited that the worst features of our position at this moment are to be traced. In 1847 the course of many of the provincial joint-stock banks had been as wicked as that of some of those which have just suspended, and the calamity was aggravated by an extraordinary degree of mismanagement on the part of the Bank of England. It was the operation of the Act of 1844 alone that rendered the further continuance of their mischievous proceedings impossible, but this effect would not have been produced if the thought of a relaxing power had been present to the minds of those who were seeking to postpone or to shift upon other shoulders the final storm. It was not till the twelfth hour, when the law had done nearly all its work, and when a favourable revulsion had actually been observable for two days, that the Government letter was issued. Consequently, it was never acted upon, and but for the future influence of the precedent thus established the concession might have been comparatively harmless. It was, however, predicted that in any after time of emergency the value of the law would be found to have been destroyed. Every one would rely that it would again be set aside whenever its pressure might become inconvenient, and consequently, instead of taking all precautions, would look to a panic not as something to be dreaded, but as a contrivance which at the proper time would enable them to go to the Minister and demand that he should make them easy. How' this anticipation has been fulfilled the records of the past month will show. In 1847 Consols went down to 79. Sales were pressed, because all who had the means of thus making themselves secure lost no time in doing so. In the present case the market has never given way, because those whose duty it was to provide against tho econsequences of their own misconduct felt confident of relief from another anci less costly method. Every one conversant with the city knows that for weeks before the final distrust was got up the leading London discounters, instead of encouraging the mercantile public in their calm reliance upon the salutary working of the existing currency system, were busily engaged on all sides in denouncing it, and declaring that unless the bankers and traders would help to break it down they (the discounters) would inevitably be driven to cut off all accommodation from the parties they had hitherto induced to rely upon them, many of whom they had helped to speculate in all kinds of produce, and that a general convulsion would ensue. It is also known that, failing in their endeavours to frighten the more respectable portions of the public, they seized the opportunity of the alarm caused by the collapse of the Western Bank of Scotland and the exposure ol its iniquities to prees upon the Bank preposterou, dernands on an augmenting scale in proportion aw they found them acceded to, and that finaUly, wher their ends had been aecomplished, they boasted ol the feat they had performed. Shall such a triumpl ever be aUowed again ? Shall those who realmi enormous fortunes by supplying " facilities" to con cerns like the Liverpool Borough Bank, the West era of Scotland, and the Northumberland and Dur. ham, seeure that they can ultimately fall upon the unhappy shareholders, and who notoriously by similar conduct precipitated similar convulsions in 1837 and 1847, be allowed to proclaim that they can dictate their own plans to the country,and render the inflexib]e maintenance of a metallic standard upon which every contract in the 'kingdom is based impossible? Their feeling is, "The law must be broken down, or we must be broken down. If we were small people, of course there would be no question which should go. We should be told, if you have taken money at call, and have so employed it that you cannot get it in when it is wanted, you must make the best arrangement in your poNver with the persons you have misled. But, happily, so gigantic have been our operations that if we are allowed to be inconvenienced widespread confusion will ensue, and we can throw upon the MiDister the responsibility of such a contingency." Is not this reliance upon their ability to bring about universal ruin solely dependent, however, upon the knowledge that the relaxing power caa and will be exercised ? If these houses had been taught that the currency law, like all the other laws of the country, was made to be respected, and not to be contemned at the very moment when it falls in wholesome severity upon those who have disregarded it, would they bave waited without taking a single precaution until they could go to the Minister and say, "Oar destruction is at hand unless you help us ;" or would they not rather at all costs have gathered up every available resource to provide against the coming peril ? Instead of concocting the cry ofC "panic," would they not have assisted the press of the country in allaying all thought of so degrading a consummation? Would they have preferred to attempt to embarrass the Bank of England, or to use every effort to assist it ir inspiring confidence ? If their own safety had been enlisted on the side of a dignified course we should have had them among the most strenuous allies in the cause of order, and theirs would have been the strongest denunciations against all who might even hint the possibility of distrust. In times of distress it must be difficult under any circumstances to maintain the communityin the exercise of self-possession. What, then, must be expected when a body of persons established in the very centre of our commercial operations are actually taught that it is by creating wild alarm they can best escape the consequences of past imprudence? The ediarence of a relaxing power sunply amounts to thisit is a premium for creating panic at those periods when the welfare of the nation depends upon mutual confidence being sustained not between the public and gangs of broken swindlers -but between all honest traders, who merely wish to be assured that they shall not suddenly be confounded with the dishonest. The continuance of the Act of 1844 with the introduction of such a power would therefore be worse than its total extinction. Under a vague system administered by the Bank of England or any other body there would at all events be an uncertainty that would frighten speculators lest changes should come upon them unawares. In the opposite case they would have perfect immunity. Let it be remembered that in prohibiting a relaxing power the country in no way shuts itself from the possibility of relief in case some strange convulsion should arise to drive it from its senses. If Government interference with the debtor and creditor relations of the people is to be tolerated, it can be effected without resorting to a debasement of the currency. Our system, like that of Hamburg, is in its practical operation a purely metallic one. The Hamburg people are at this moment seeking relief, but they have not proposed to the Senate to issue credit paper purporting to represent silver, and which can be forced upon creditors as a legal tender and the equivalent of that metal. Instead of a spurious coinage to be mixed with the genuine they have asked for a fair issue of Treasury notes bearing a rate of interest that will induce persons to take them, and the Senate, it appears, has just granted their request. Whether even this precedent is a wise one will be doubted by all who advocate the freedom of trade from State control, but It is at least straightforward in its character. As, moreover, the merchants of that city have simultaneously made a successful movement to help themselves by adopting the plan lately suggested, and disregarded on this side, with respect to the joint-stock banks and discount houses-namely, that of establishing a joint guarantee, they were in a better position than our own speculators to ask for Government help. The course they have taken is at all times equally open to us, and no plea therefore can be tolerated that the step just adopted here must still be kept in view as a fimal and only remedy against convulsion. The subjoined letter attempts an apology on behalf of the City of Glasgow Bank, which was stopped by the run consequent on the fall of the Western of Scotland. There is a wide difference in the position of the two institutions, since, unlike the Western, the City of Glasgow Bank is not charged with persevering misconduct after two previous escapes from ruin, and with having falsified engagements deliberately entered into on such occasions to pursue a more prudent course for the future. Neither has it, according to any facts that have yet transpired, fostered a set of criminal insolvents to disgrace the country and destroy all chance of legitimate trade. Still, much is required before it can I properly put in a claim for the good wishes of the community towards its restoration. WVhen an entirely independent committee of leading merchants shall have examined its assets and reported upon their actual nature and value, and when the directors and manager shall have been pronounced clear from all taint of wilful irregularity or recklessness, any appeal they may rmake will be entitled to consideration. Underno circumstances can they be exonerated fromthe reproach of bad banking, and it would serve to encourage the efforts for their re-instatement if a keener sense of this circumstance were manifested both by themselves and their advocates. The present writer expresses a belief that any similar institution in London would have experienced the same fate under a similar pressure, but this is a totally erroneous assumption. No one believes that there is a single Iondon banking establishment holding deposits at call for four millions, which would be compelled to suspend under a demand for 600,0001. If such a bank did exist anything that might lead to its extinction would be regarded as a benefit. Certainly, there would be no deputation to Lord Palmerston to solicit a grant for its resuscitation. The worst sign in connexion with the recent Scotch suspensions has been the uniform absence of the slightest indications of remorse or self-reproach on the part of those by whom all the misery has been occasioned. In the case of the Western Bank of Scotland the experience in this respect has been astounding. If the directors had immediately acknowledged their unworthiness and had resigned their seats to better men, still offering to devote their time and fortune as far as possible to repair their offences, the appeal for the sake of the shareholders that the establishment should still be preserved might have met with sympathy from all quarters. They have preferred a leEs scrupulous line, and have awakened a universal conviction that even at any cost of individual suffering it would be an advantage that such a concern should be swept away - ' Sir,-Knowling your desire to afford correct information on matters of itterest to the public, I beg to furnish you with the following particulars regarding one of the suspended Scotch banks, which I have taken sow, trouble to collect, and -%ich I belive VW be found s bstant'ally correct "The suspen-( -f the Weasten Bank induced a panio among depoeitors with other banks in Glasgow, and the consequence next day was a run on these institutions as sudden as it was severe. The pressure was partictlarly hard On, the Union and City of Glasgow, the aggregate withdrawals froma the lattr having, it is understoods amaounted to 600,000?. Its deposits had previously amounted to about four millions, the -whole amount, according to Scotch custom, being at call. The directors, finding their immediately available resources so largely reduced, and having before them the probability of a contirluance of the run, resolved to suspend. An applieation to the depositors for time was thereafter immediately made, and so promptly was it responded to on all hands that conOurrences are already held by the directors representing, it is believed, upwards of tbree-fourtbs of the entire remaining deposits. " It is believed that hitherto, notwithstanding the numerous failuires of large firms, no losses of any magnitude have been sustained by the bank. Its assets consist principally of good local biUs in its portfolio, amounting to aboat two and a-half millions, and upwards of a milliton and a-half lent out on cash credits at the various branches, and vell secured. Its affairs, 'with the exception of having one authorized agency in a foreign country (now believed to be withdrawn), seem to have been safely and prudently managed. The patnful position in which it is now placed was palpably brought about by an unprecedented pante,whicb, if directed with equal force against any similar institution in London, would most probably have produced the samae results. Its branches, to the number of more than 80, are scattered over the length andbreadth of the counitry, and the depositors and customers of tbe,e branches are composed chiefly of the classes who represent the backbone of Scotland's persevering indastry. The extirnction of an institution like thts, with ample and unimpaired resou rces, would, indeed, he a great nathonal calamity to Scotland, and coutld not fail, at this moment, to react with mosti disastrous results ca the whole "The statement in The Times, that the bank had a Callfornian drawing agency, I find to admit of explanation. It must have arisen enirely from an unatuthorized form of bill used by the firm in San Francisco, which held an open letter of credit for a limited amount. That credit the bank had granted through and on the Eecurity of highly respectable parties in Glasgow, and the bills drawn under it were, I am given to understand, immediately covered by remittances of bulion held specialy to the order of the bank. "In.New York the firm which reDresented the bank is of the very highest respectabllity,and managed Its affairs so well there that the latest advices warrant a belief, notwithstandin,%the general collapse, that the bank will suffer no loss in t tat quartler. " The bank, in these circumstances, has the fullest public sympathy in Scotland, and the directors are, It is said, making the most strenuous efforts for an early resumption of business. They have ample and undoubted securities to offer for the loan, which, if obtained, would justlfy them in im-mediately opening their doors, and the severe lesson taught them by recent occurrences will, It may be expected, prove the fature safeguard of the institution. " I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "London, Nov. 27." 'W. The railway intelligence of the week offers no feature of importance. At a meeting of the Water. ford and Kilkenny it. was stated that the receipts for the half year ending the 29th of September exceeded the income of the corresponding period of 1856. The working expenses, which were previously 33-45d. per train mile, have been reduced to 29-93d. The relaying of the line has been completed, and the permanent way and rolling stock are in good condition. A long discussion took place, principally upon the demands of the Public Works Loan CommiEsioners, and upon the besb mode of raising money to pay off the most prassing claims npon the company, and a committee of seven shareholders was appointed to co-operate with the Board in adjusting these difficulties. The agreement for the purchase of the Blackburn Railway by the Lancashire and Yorkshire and East Lancashire was signed by the three chairmen on the 18th inst. The principal provisions are that the loan debt of the Blackburn is fixed at 333,0001., with 69,0001. more to provide for general liabilities, upon which 4i per cent. interest shall be paid by the purchasers, the Blackburn to meet any excess over that rate; that the preference capital (209,6711.) shall receive a perpetual 6 per cent. dividend, and the ordinary capital (516,6711., including 60,0711. arrears of interest on preference shares) shall be paid 1 per cent. per annum for the year 1858, gradually increasing to 2i per cent. in 1861 in perpetuity; the purchasing companies to have the power of redeeming the ordinary capital at the rate of 121. 10s. per 26b share, and thle preferential stock at par. At a meeting of the Bradford, Wakefield, and Leeds it was stated that there has lately been a considerable falling off in both the local and through traffic. This misfortune, lhowever, was shared by other railways, and was attributable to the unfortumate circumstances of the times. The lines to andfrom Wakefield arenow getting into a satisfactory working state. The next call will probably be made earlyinJanuary, and itishoped that the cost of the works will prove less than the original estimate. In consequence of the difficulty of obtaining money, the construction of a considerable portion of the proposed SevernValley :Railway is to be abandoned. TEhe disruption of the working agreements betwreen the North-Western and Sheffield Companies will probably result in legal and Parliamentary proceedings; the right of making use of the South Ju;nction and Altrincham Railway is the chief point in dispute. At a meeting o the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax the dividend declared was at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, carrying to the reserve fund a balance of 761. The t,afflc was stated to be steadily increasing, although it is feared the present state of trade may temporarily check the progress of their receipts. The report of the Trust and Loan Company of Upper Canada, issued preparatory to their meeting on the 9th of December, states the profits of the half-year at 8,9181., making with the previous balance in hand a total of 9,2311. Out of this a dividendis recommended at the rate of 7i per cent. per annum; one-half the surplus profits over 6 per cent. is to be carried to the reserve fund, which wiU then amount to 14,8021. ; 2501. is to be applied to the preliminary expense account, and 1461. will remain to be carried forward. The 21. remaining unpaid on the new shares is to be called up. The Europa has sailed to-day from Liverpool with 11,1501. for the United States. The Challenger has arrived from Shanghai with 454,0611b. of tea and 3,102 bales of silk. The half-yearly dividend is advertised upon the Swedish Provincial Fe.ar per Cent. Mortgage Bonds. The following information regarding the mining business of the week is condensed from the Mini ra JbrualW :- "The mining share-market has been moderately active, and business limited to small speculative anduprogressive mines, in which prices have beenwell maintained, but others, where sales have been pressed, have receded. At South Caradon M'ine meetin the accounts for the two months ending august showreda balance in favour of the mine of 5w0681.; the profit on the two months' working was 3,7591. ; a dividend of 2,0481. and a bonus of 5121. (101. per share together) were declared, and 2,5081. carried to next account. at WYest Basset Mbine meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 3,0561.; a dividend of 3,0001. (los. per share) was declared ando61 carried to next account. At Wheal Owles meetiDg the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 1,421L. At East Gunnis Lake and South Bedford Mines meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1i65.; a cal of 4s. per share was made. At Swanpool AMine meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 01. At South Tolgus Mine meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1451. At the Penstruthal Mine meeting the accounts showed a balanoe against the mine of 7621.; a call of 13s. per share was made. At Easb Balleswidden Mine meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 1451. ; a call of 21 per share was made. At West Alfred Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 658.; a call of 12s. lOd. per share was made. At Great Crinnis Mining Company meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 2.5721.; a resolution was passed to wind up the company forthwith, and dispose of the property."
PIJN'DrBRPD TREAsmitts.-One of the nios a(tive "exciting causes" of the extensive spread of tlce present revolt has no doubt been the leve of loot inihere It to people of every clime and country in the woorld, -nd ,n particular to the natives of India. The plun'ie' of tae Government treasuries has been at least one ' greit incentives to popular outbreaks wherever tbh .aVU oocurred. This fact wiU be abundantly estab by Ae ruinous list of treasmries plundered, which * Treasuries plundered in the liorth West P -- fi , babad, Agra.Allyghur.Ajmer A nghur, Banu.- f1attool, BareWly, ]Bijnore, Bh,tr ic udaon, BholundsLUhur, Ca&wnpore, Delhi, Dumxvow, Ettawah, FattehporeyFarrackal-ad, Goruckpore, ,Goorgaon, Eissar, 'Humunpore, Hoshung. abad, Jhansi, Jaunpore, Jubbulpore, Jaloum, Xuimaon, Moradabad, Mynporee, Muttra, Mundlah, Mozuffernuggur, Nimar, Nursingpore, Neemuch, Panneeput, Rohtuck, Saharanpore, Shajehanpore, Seonee, and Saugor. Treasuries plundered in Oude.-Lucknow, Seetapore, Fyzabad, Indore, and Baraitch. Treasuries plundered in BengaL-Behar Shahabad, Singbhoom, Hazareebaugh, Lohardcgah, aud Manobhoomn. The above gives mo less than 53 treasurles that have been nillaged by the rebels, and we believe the locs of Goveruient in specie is estimated at 10 crores of rupees.-Phwmix, Oct. 15.
BRAILWA Y AND MINING SH A RES. Satarday Evening. The railway-market continues steadily to improve, and a general advance has taken plece of i to 1 per cent. Great Northern closed f lly 2 per cent. higher, from a conviction that'however small the present dividend may be, the inherent excellence of the line must eventually make it prosperous. Canadian shares psrticipated in the rise in the home stocks, Grand Trunk leaving off 2 per cent. above the last price of yesterday; East Indian were firm -at the late advance. In French descriptions there was little alteration; Lombardo-Venetian and Great Lurembourg were slightly better. The only transactions in American securities were in Illinois Central shares, which closed $1 higher. Canada Government Bonds declined about ] 1.1Mines were flat, and in some cases a reduction has taken place. Joint-stock banks continue in good demand, especiaily London and Westminster and Union of London. In miscellaneous securities an improvement occurred in Australian Agricultural and Canada Land. ORDINARY SHARES AND STOoXrs
OPE1NG OF NEWCASTLE CORN-EXCHANGE -The magificent Corn-exchange just finished by the corporation. of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, forming part of a large group of corporate buidings in St. NichoIas square, was opened os Saturday. It is in a line with the High Level-bridge approaches, and is probably one of the most spacious and commodious cornemehanges in the kingdom. CRYSTAL PA CAcE.-HALF-CRoWN DAY, Saturday, Nov. 28.-Admissions on payment, 481; ditto by season, tickets, 1,315; total vlsitors, 1,796.
N'OBTHUMBERLANZD A VD DURH Af DIrSTrOT BANK. NEWOASTLhsn,r'v,jjP V.-v WT- The very liberal condttct of the Bank of 3England in making advances to tho large manufacturers and Coal Dwners to pay wages and an accommodating spirit shown by the private banks have relieved anxiety a good deal this morning, and commercal men look less gloomy than they did yesterday. By a hasty run through Bunderland anm Shields this morning I have ascertained that there Is also much less alarm in those town, and less danger that large bodies of men would be turned off from the factories u the neighbourhood of those towns than there was yesierday. rhe local papers in this town are putting the beat face upon the affairs of the District Bank possible, and they oertaily have succeeded to xa wonderful degree in allaying panic, for there has been no run 'whatever npon any of the other banks. The history of the District Bank is not without Ixterest. It was established in 1836, the proposed capital being 600,000L in shares of 101. each, but for many years only one-half of that amount was paid up. Previous to the opening of the bank the directors entered into arrangements with Messrs. J. Backhouse and Company for the purchase of their business in this town; and in 1839 the Newcastle Bank, which was, with one exception, the oldest provincial establishment in the kingdom, and was carried on by Sir ML W. BRidley, Bart., Bigge, Boyd, SpeddinD, and Co., was also ataslgamated with tte District Banking Company. Through these causes and the wealth and number of its shareholders the business of the concern grew gradually larger, and its dividends for many years were from 10 to 12 per cent., besides an undivided surplus, or guarantee fund, which in 1847 had reached 90,0001. In that disastrous year the North of England and the Union Banks colapsed almost simultaneously, and in order to carry on the District company with the additional vigour required by the wants of the commercil community Its capital wss increased, by the Issue of 60,000 rnew shares, and by the payment of the remaining moiety of the old shares, the total amount being thus raised to 655,0001 In 1848, for the first time, the balance of profits after the payment of the dividend, amounting to 26,700L,, was p laced to the credit of bad and! doubtful debts, andthis step hS sdnce been continuedyearly. The following notice has been isaued this morning:- "Noathumuberland and Durham Dietrict Bankr. " The prtes who hare acoon with the above estab shmeut, and the publlo in general, are respectfully informed thit arrangemenutas In progres foe the fature transaction of the buauesg heretofore oonducted by the bank - Diuict anlk, Nov. 26, 1857." It has not yet transpired when the shareholders will b called together to learn the condition of the bank. SAkTURDAY NIGIET. The following circular was sent from the head ofic of the Northumberland and Durham District Dank to the shareholders of this concern to-day:- "At a meeting of several of the *hareholders in the Northumburland and Durham DLsrit Bank. held tn their baakinx-heu3e thls 27its dsFot November, 15S7, George Ridley, Esq., X.P., in the chair, " BoleYd,-That a oail of £5 per abare be now made. andL be payableon the 14tn day of Decembar next at the barkig-house in Gregsteet, Neweattlo. "GEORGE BIDLEY, ChaLrman.. Northbmnheland ad Durbam District Bank, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, hNov. 27, 1857. "Slr,-I hbae to transmit to you the copy or a reolation paased at a meeting or a conuiderable number of shareholders held here this day. and have to impress upon yon the absolute necessity or the payment of this call being pronptli rmade, and that, if it be possible, Ithe day ot payment should -be anticipated. "Thlis it imperatIveiy necesary for the protection of the abae. holders; end if thia intimation be not complied with it may subject them to Most Benous sonseq=u0enes "I am enabled to assure yoe that alarge nunmber of the share. holders have already expressed their entire appeoval of the neasure. It Is hoped that It may also receive your sanction, and that you will convey to me your decsou witbout delay. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant. "W. B. OGDENT, ActtngDiretrv, The circular which follows was placed in the hands of the creditors of the bank to-day - Nerthumberland and Durbam Distrist Blnk, Newcastle-uponuTyne, Nov. 27. "Sir-I have to inform you, as one of the creditora of the bank, ttat the directors are giving their oonatant attention to the affairs oi the establishment, in order that, with the leat practicble delay, a proposal may be submitted for the discge of its obligatlom. "In mkidng this oommunioation, I have to state th&t you may, vrith the utmost oonfidence, rest ansured that every depoait and credit balance with the bank wll be foly pald. I am, Sir, your obedient ervant, "W. B. OGDEN, Actiung Director." This has been market-day here, and, as is usuaL the town has been crowded with country people and pitmen. The local savings-bank, -which should have been closed to-day for the yearly settlement of its accounts, was opened by the managers to allay any apprehension that might exist, but there were no demands upon it by the depositors. The managers of the National and Provincial Bsij, which has branches in North and South Shields, rent a gentleman down from their head office in London, with ample meanS to meet any emergenoy that might anse through the sadde r closing of the "I)istriet," bat not 2001. was withdrawn from either of the branches, and the most liberal accommodation was afforded by the bank to its customers. The bank of Messrs. Woods, Parker, and Co. (the Union) has also exhibited considerable liberality to its customers in Shields, and this morning the wages of the shipwrights employed in the yards at Shields and the workmen employed in the glasshouses and factories in Shields were all paid their wages in full, the Bank- of England having afforded the same accommodation to parties in Shields, and other places In the neighbourhood where the district had branches, as at Newcastle. Several iron manufacturers in Shields and neighbourhood paid off several oE their hands last night. Messrs. Lambton and Co., of this town, wll open a branch establishment in Sunderland forthwith. A nuamber of shipvrights were paid off at Sunderland yesterday. It Is stated to-night that MAr. Matthew R. Bigge and hMr. Jonathan Richardson, twro of the directors, have resigned, anti that Mr. John Bichardson and MIr. Priestman, jun., since have taken their places.
SURREY THEATRE. A four-act drama, entitled the TVife's Revtenge, or the Masked Riders, has been produced at this house with considerable success. The action is supposed to take place at the time when Charles L removed his court to Oxford, and the hero, Sir Everard Tracy, is a stanch Cavalier, who, at the head of a party of comrades, called, from the viz3rds on their faces, t.he "masked riders," makes himself the terror of the neighbouring Parliamentarians. Constantly captured, he as often escapes, and it is the general principle of the drama that he appears to be In an Inextricable scrape about the middle of each act, but is as free as air at the moment when. the drop scene falls. He has, however, a serious inconvenience In the shape of his wife Eleanor, who, under the influence of an lago-llke old gentleman, formerly her guardian, ascribes his mysterious conduct to amatory rather than to political motives, and is strongly confirmed in her suspicions by the discovery that a lady is secreted in her husband's mansion. This lady is no other than Queen Henrletta, whom Sir Everard is assisting in her esicape from England, thus placing himself in a position something like that of Arturo m I Puritancu; where the melodious Cavalier drove his sweetheart mad by aiding the same Royal personage. E leanor is, however, a strongerminded woman than Elvira. Far from going mad, she keeps all her wits about her, and uses them to the infinite annoyance of her husband, barring up the door from which the concealed queen is to issue in order to reach the seacoast, and altogether making herself the very ideal of a Mar. plot. MWhen she finds out her mistake, and that she has nearly sacrificed the queen by her misplaced jealousy, she is, of course, in an agony of penitence, and vainly en. deavours to calm the rage of her husband, which, naturally enough, Is not a little violent. However, all comes right at last. The "masked riders," who have been " Di6 cx machind " during the whole affair, disperse the Parliamentary soldiers who have surrounded the mansion. Queen Hienrietta is enabled to set off unmolested, and on the principle that sins traceable to love merit speedy pardon, Sir Everard forgives his wife for the infinite trouble she has caused him. This is a good bustling melodrama, and would have been much better had not the author attempted to wvrite it up into a poetical play, thus interrupting the course of bastle by much ineffective dialogue, However, the success of the piece is mainly attributable to the acting of Mr. Creswick who becomes for the nonce the perfectionof a Cavalier, gay in temperament, gentlemanlike inmanner, reckless in time of danger, and gallant always. The explosions of jealousy and penitence that belong to the troublesome wife are intrusted te Miss Ebrane, who displays an energy fully equal to the responsibility of the position. Mr. Basil Potter, a most quiet sensible actor, perpetrates the cool villanies of the ill-advising Rloumdhead guardian; and Mr. Vollaire, concealing the fair proportions of hisface by an artificial red nose, createsmirthas a debauched and cowardly Parliamentarian, It will be observed that the interest of the drama is altogether on the Royalist side; the brave, the handsome, and the generous espouse the cause of Charles; the cowardly, the ugly, and the grovelling sympathize with the Parliament Al this is ia perfect accordance with the system of stage politics, as established for the last two centuries. Whatever may be the politmial tendency of a particular period, the Cavalier iS sure to be the Popular figure with a tbeatrical audience whenever he is up set in oppoSition to the Puritan.
ASTLBY'S AIMPHrITHEATRE. Mr. W. Cooke has maintained his character as warchronicler of the period by the production of a military spectacle, entitled the Stomrning and Capture of Ddli. In equestrian pieces of the quari-hbistorical kidnd the plot is of trifling Importance, and this dramatic record of Indian affairs consists of little more than a series of skirmishes between gallant Britons and malignant Sepoys, in which tho latter are invariably killed or captured to a man, the whole winding up with the fall of Delhi amid much explosive fire and a triumphant waving of the British flag. However, the conflicts are manage with more than ordinary spirit, and the pictures formed are more various than might be expected from the nature of tbe subject. We should add that, to the infinite credit of Mr. W. Cooke, everv attempt to grAtify a morbid taste by the representation of revolting scenes of horror is scrupulously avoided. One or two incidents have indeed been borrowed from the records of the insurrectioin, but these are of the most inoffensive kind, and the plan of the whole is the same that has been adopted at Astley's in the treatment of every military theme, from Waterloo down to Inkermann. [Advertisement.1i-Every person desirous of econonizing his time by habita of regularity, or from. other canee disposed to use a diary, may suit himeelf exactly by Inquiring for "Letts6 DiariesI at any boDkeDers in the British donnilone. They are published in above 1o( varieties of form, ize, ruling, o., at from 6d. to 14s. eacb. Nearly aU are bound In strong aid durmble cloth, but where it it deadrable to keep them unblemisbed ora seriso of years. looeerpertua covers of htorono or RuM, to., with epr[ng loca and dtplicate e (plain or gold), are pRrodfded for the offloe or library ediluoos wrhile for ca]rriage aboutthUe p>erson poc3retbcook cues are made in all possible Yarietiey. thtese manutfactlued by the D ubzlshers being of thte ros berk London materials, ao. Oabtaogues fotwrded by lpost gratis, and where prepayment accornpanies anordier It alsowill1 oe sentpost free by lett., EOn, and Co.. atatlunera andOrdun ncemap agents, ,ltoya lXxchange, London. IEstlsnales given for all ki3nds of statioery ani printing, do.
STATE OF TADE. MAOHESTER, Nov. 28. 'Tho onlY change this morning has been a little n,ire inqftlury for Indian yarns, 30's to 50's, the commrnial Advices by this mall being considered more favourable. It has not led to much business either in yarn or cloth, and the price of discouts 'will probably prevent for snte tiane any consieerable purchases in this branch of the trade, except at poices ruinously low. Small quantities of logeloths,oTrcloths, and sfrtirlns have heen sold, but there is geat want of confidence, and umvers are still disposed to avoid new liabilities eroept where the feeling is overcome by more than ordinary coucessions by the seller. There is an evident sCearcity of 'money in the market that enforces this caution amnong the ti ade to a great extent, hut hopes axe entertained that, with tEe improving position of the Bank, sone little mitigation of this pressure may be antioipatedl The resort to short tirme is still on the incorease, and some of the la-rger and woealthier millowuners, who i former times of depression, from pride and other feelings, have never resorted to it, oiave now limitted the hourS of working to 40 per week. Alsuggestiont tha the Manchester Chaaber of Cotmerce wnd Manufactures, and its rival, the Commercial Associa'tion, should he amalgamated u o one body is under consideration by the boards of the two institutions, and the de'olunig health of Mir. Boothmaan, secretary of the former, who has retired, gives a favourable opportanity. The step is one which should be well coneidered, for times fill probably conie agaoI When plitics will override commercial notives, and it would be tter that no recnion of the two bodies should ever take place than that a sncre ted poraxr alIance should be patched up, because there are in both bodies active and zealous workers, with maehinery that tould not easily be aet in motion again so satisfactorily if once set aside. BIRMlNGHAM, Nov. 28, The suspension of the Wolverhamptoin and Staffordshire Bank, caused as it woud appear by the reckless extensioa of accommodation to needy firms, has ceaeted considerable embarrassujet t ahd difficulty throughout the iron dlismatcts of South Staflordshire. Many furnaces have beea b!own out, and in consequence great numbers of men have been throwd o ot of employment The first houses are,rhow. ,oetr, apparenltly little affected by the calamities which have befallen the neighbourhiood durins g the last fortnight, ed maintain prices with a firmnese which eould scarcely have been expected. A general disposition is tmranested to restrict businss to absolute necessities; but contracts in basfd keep the principal works in fair employmnent. An idca prevdils toat the present purgation of credit wile ultimnately be of advantage to South Staffordshire ; but it cannot be denied that in the mexatime iill be infict serious suffering upon athe working classes of the district. Hitherto, however, everything has been conducted peaceably, and every exertion is made to mitigate existing distress. The furnace men in the neighbourhood of Dudley have received notice of a reduction of wages to the extent of 20 per cant., and It is expecte-d that this example wNill be followed in other parts of the district. The coal trade remains active, hut it cannot be expected, now that from 30 to 40 furnaces are blown out, that the demand for common qualities will continue so brisk as it has been for the last two months. In Birmisghain trade In most branches Is dull, and many establishments are upon short time. There are, however, indications of improvement. American houses state that their last advice', are more encouraging; but few orders previously given out to the manufacturers, but subsequently countermanded or suspended, have been resumed. Sonme branches of manufacture are, however, tolerably well off for orders. Several of the brass founeers are comparatively busy, and appear to have suffered less by existing commercial difficulties than other departments of our staple trades. Although rumours have been current for slome 'weeks past that a reduction in the price of copper migbt be daily expected, none has yet been announced, and from appearance there Is little probability of its immediate occurrence. As one slight proof that some branches of local manufacture are in better work than might under circurnstar,ces have been expected it may be mentioned that operatives are in request, and, it would appear, difficult to obtain. Manufauturers advertise for loelismiths, ironworkers, gasfitters, lamp and chandelier mnakers, coppersmiths, smiths, cooking-range makers, &c. This would indicate abetter,tate of trado than hashlthertobeenrepresented The papier machc manufacture, considering the season of the year, is tolerably active, and more is dolng than could have been calculated upon. The electro-plate business is indiffercnt, and the jeweilry trade exhibits little evidence of improvement. But, although the homo demand for Birmingham manufactures is languid, within the last fortnight there has bcen a still greater falling off in orders from abroad. The American trade, as previously intimated, is a little iniors: hopeful, but that with the continent of Enrope is decideely bad. The manufacturing trales in the neighbouring districts partake of the ceneral depression, and several of the chief establishments P-gaged in the ironfonndiy business have placed theo,vw. rkpteple upon short time. The assignet-s of the estate of Mr. Greene, late banker of Ltchfield, have announced thelr ability to pay a dividend of *2s. 6d. in the pound; but the death of Mr. Christie, the ofiicial assignee. lhas caused the postponement of its pazymnent for a short peeriod. Tlhis is a source of complaint, hut cannot be avoideBd. The matter will be brought before MEr. (ocnmmisssoner Balgny in the course of the ensuing wveek. NOTTINGHAMt, Nov. 28. hl'e lace trade continues in the same depressed state as reported a we. k a.go, and, except to order, nothing is doing. machinery, for rih most part, is either working short time or at a complete stand. The critical state of commercial affairs bas irduced manufacturers to act with the greatest caution, both in tbo production and sale of goods. No improvement is anticipated until after Christmas. Material has a downward tendency. There is no iinprovement in the hosiery trade, dullness pervading nearly every branch. A comnittee of Nottingbam manufacturers has been appointed to act wvith the firm of Llnder and N'angsley (an Amezican lace hloso, which suspended payment last week). The statement wvhich has been submitted to the creditors is perfectly sati'4actory of the firm being able to pay the whole of their liabilities in full, time being given tbhm. To this the creditors have unanimously assented. Their liabilities are 2S;,0601., most of which is owing in Nottingham; and these arc to bh liqjuidated in two years, with in. terest at the rate o,f - per cent. The liabUities of the house of Steegrmann ald Co. (whose failuro was noticed in Thte Tim,ics of the 2;',1 rer stated at 49,0001., and the assets at 21,0JC0I. The creditors haveagreedto a guaranteeddividend of 7s. Cd. in the pound, LEICESTER, Nov. 28. Tie hosiery tr-ole is dull, and very little business Is doing at the warehoc¢es. Manufacturers continue to produce gords with extr'-nie cammio,, in order that the market may not be overstocthrd. l'usiness, although exceedingly flat, is still healthy, amr'l, indeed, throughout the whole of the pro ent conimervia! paniic trade here has been on A much 'more satisfactory footing than in nmost other manufacturino towns. Invvo,ls there is no variation in price. Worsted spinners are still working short time, anrd are only proouc ng yarns for present requirements. LEEDS, Nov. 28. 'lhere is no chanmgo for the better, and (which may be xEl.ar6ed, under th- ',en,'rrd condition of cornmercial and mr netarv afirs, as a favonmrable circumstance) there is no change for the w irse, in the state of the staple manufactnres of this town and district. All classes are acting with great caution, but with becoming confidence, in their business transactions; and tbe w-oollen, the flax, and the silk manufacturers have adopted short-time working in preference to dismisEing altogethier froni work large bodies of hands. This commendah1e course, as previous reports have pointed out, has been a means of lessening the wants of the great bulk of the operative population, and until about a week e go there had been r o increase in the applications for relief at the Poor Law Board in Leeds. The last weekly return romn that institntinn, however, shows that the favourable comparison with the corresponding period of last year has ceased, for it shows the total indoor and outdoor pocr relieved in the township of Leeds for the week endinthe 21st of Nove:m,her to be 4,001 this year, and only 3,876 in tho like week in lS56, or an increase in the pre%ent year of 12). The official return from which this statement is taken shows that the real inorease in outdoor paupers in the two -weeks which are compared is 141 in the present year. The returns from the Ploor Law Boards in the district also show sinmilar pressure for relief by persons who have failed to provide for a rainy day." Uo to the present time this pressure is not considered very heavy, and altogether the district bears an advantageous comparison with many in -tbh cotton and worsted trades. The tone of trado here is certainly as good as can be expected, seeing the position of the money-market and the want of confidence which has naturally resulted froma the many morcantile and bank failures which have occurred both at home and abroad, and it is universally admnitted that the " crisis of 1857 " Is now passed; bhut it will not be before the commenceument of another year that either manufacturers or merchants will find themselves in a position to do their usual average extent of business. Christmas, or the turn of the year, is always a trying time for the settling of accounts; and, wlhile some fear may be entertained that the season which is approaching will be more trying than usal, there is ground to helieve, so far as this locitUy is con- cerned, that from the caution with ch business has generally been conducted during the year merchants, muanufacturers, and traders will alike find their accountq well met. From the8e and other causes a common expectation is entertained that a better order of things-more business for principals and more work for operatives-will prevail in t:he ensuing year. This feeing is confirmei, in some degree, by the aspect of the markets in the cloth-halls to-day. There was a better attendance of buyers, aud rather more business was done, but far less than is usual at this period of the year. There were m any offers at reduced prices for mediums and -cloths of a light texture, but, manufacturers not beinl willing to make the full reductlon demanded, only a sml quantity changed bands. There is some abatement In prices of woollens generally, and nothing but the high rates which the manufacturers have to pay for wool could keep them as they-are. Wool s this week a little easier than last. Had there not been some heavy speculations in the comrse of the past spring antd summer by te purchase of wool to keep up prices, It seems al but certain that It would uot have attained even its present height. Hitherto, in " the crisis," Lacls has suffered lttle or no. thing from local failures. This week one has occurred. The event is thus anounced i the d imes of this day:- " As we could not reaeonaby hope to be excepted from the Iocidental iDfluteces of 9-commercal criis like the preent, we can only oxresw our regret at havteg at last to announce a susNension in the wooltnade in Ltets. The house to wvhim we. refer, and whih bhae principally teen engaged in the EngUBh wool busineas for a nunuber of years, is that e f Stees-. J. IL Hubbard and Son,woolataple. oefEdfordastreet. It haa at lepgthb uccumbed to the pressure of the times, oad suspeaded Vith lfsbIlttes to the amount of e6D,ODO. Of this suw m 10 t00 is owing to cone o the l1cal bansa, but whether this is altogether secued, or only Partly so, we have not yet learot. The principal of the h6fmse is much respected, aud great sympathy is expresed for him in the emner. gency to which he hs been reduced. The prospects of the iim, as far as regards a favourable tea7iation. romrai to be ascertained, but an early meeting of creditc rs wil be called. It is stated th3t the house war alarge tolder of Enslish wools for which material bills had beea given, and that the comig to maturity of these oeptarces nees,. tated the suspemjoG." HALIFAX, Nov. 28. Business has been very quiet here, and bxt small parcels of either goods,yarns, or wool have been sold. Wool hai decreased in price, long wool being from 3d. to 4d. per lb. lovwer thani the top prices which ruled three months ago, and short wools from 2d. to 24d. lower. There is not more short-time working, and altogether the trade is about the same as last week. BRADFORD, Nov. 28. There is r,o improvement to report in the state of the 'worsted trade. On the contrary, the prevailing features of our market this week have been lack of business and a fuither downward tendency in prices. In the few and uuimportant sales of wool that have taken place considerable concessions have had to be made to purohasers. Brighthaired wools have been sold at a reduction of from 4d. to 5d. rIer lb. as compared with the extreme rates ruling before the present depression; but, generally speaking, staplers do not press sales. The knowledge that there is very little wool in the farmers' hands has some effect in preventing a common desire to sell at the greatly reduced prices now offered for the raw material, though the warehouses are laTgely stocked with it. There is no inquiry for noils and brokes, and until business in the clothing districts becomes more settled hese descriptions of wool wil continue to be neglected. In worsted yarns sales cannot be made, notwithstanding the lower prices of wools, except at a great sacrifice. Very little business has been done in cotton warps. flanufacturers are working up their stocks as far as they can, and anything that has been bought has been at verv low prices. This remark applies to the medium andlower iumbers; in the finer numbers there have been no transactions for some lime. A little more business has been done in pieces, but at reduced rates. Both home and export houses have orders in hand, but the combined influence of a falling market and the uncertainty and distrust created by the recurrence of of mercantile failures at home and on the continent deters them from operating. All parties, in short, are still anxious to coetract their engagements to the utmost extent. Things are looked upona as being in a transition stte, and until prices shall appear to have seen their lowest point great caution will be exercised, and no resumption of activity can be expeoted. It is agreed on all hands that the stagnation now felt will have to be borne to the end of the year. In the meantime, spinners and manufacturers are diminishing their productions as much as possible. Four days per week is the time during which mosb of the factories are now working; in some instances it is less; while many manufacturers bave a considerable number of looms standing idle, so that it may be inferred that the production of yarns and goods for the Bradford market has been reduced by at least one-half, and as stocks, under these circumstances, cannot be increasing at any very rapid rate, the good effect of this policy will no doubt show itself when business gets once more into a settled channel. Two failures have occurred this week of houses connected with this market. The most important is that of Messs. James Iubbard and Son, English wool merchants, who have warehouses both here and at Leeds. The house is of long standing and highly respectable. The liabilities of the fir are stated to he 60.0C01., of which 10,0001. is owing to a bank at leeds. hMessrs. Hubbard and Son sustained heavy losses in 1847, and It Is supposed they have been battling with their difficulties ever since. Their failure Is attributed to speculations in English wool, the bills for which are iust come to maturity. The other failure is that of Mr. Jonuthan Bottomley, worsted spinner of Bradford, whose liabilities are about 7,0001. DUBLIN, Nov. 28. The Customse receipts for the week to Thursday, Nov. 26, inclusive, were 19,5191. against 16 7741. last week.
SHIP NBEIV. TLIVERPOOI, Nov. 28. 1Wir.l R VW Arrived.-The De Wilt Cllnton. from New York-the Union, from Hamburg. The Bloot had arrived Lt Curacoa. aud saied for this port on the 2ettr nit. The Calesta, the Oregon, and the St. Hilda, hence, have arrived at Mo0bile. Theo aranabas Wsbb, Cthb Madras, and the James Xasmyth, hence, have arrived at New Orleanso. The Nle-Oidlan. hence, bsa arrived at Boston. Toe Brie wAneilas. herco, l-es arrived in the TexcL, The tie.,rnan, heo: c, hae corivod at Iiciveot. The Jeills, from Sh-tcsinehsd bseanived at l ondon. The Bon kiecl, 'rom uSihianghai, has arrived off Dungenees Tyhe(rern(clBoro,s fromn Croneiadt for this port, arrived as Storno. Tfh Ocean Foar), hence tor Cape Homr, has arrived off WaterThe C3therine, from Carnarvon for Dublin, has arrived atHolyhead, leaky. The Consul, from Valparaiso, the St. Clondu", from Callao, and the 1iols Deesa, from OdeEsa. anived at Qaienstown on the 27th ,,'St. The Pling Eagle, from Cronstadt. bas arrived at Dublin. The Poly. fronm Antwerp, ha awrlred at BaIlast. The Mvteneor. from, Rao.on ; the WRhburtr,r from Tagaszrog; and the Coittn, from (Iderpa, arrived at Falmouith or. thle 28th lost, The M-. se. fron Tagrerog. haa arrived at lalsouth. The Elizabeth, from lionduras, waa off the Lizard on the 27bb The Jacob Ryland land the Gniutozla, from Odena, have arrived at WVate rbod. The Neophste, hence for Tampico, arrived at Milford on the 2ith inst. ; lost her jibioom and gear, and landed tho ca3taln, very Ilil The Jnhn Vm ites, from Callao for Lelth the Shaver, hence,with lOr8 of bulwarks and raila, and making water; the Allan, from S inderland for Utallen, with lose of bulwairks and rails split and the Augusta, from Bristol for Milford, ptit in to shift the tas of screw, had arrived at Cromiarty on the 24th looBt. The Zebra. from Dublin for Hoyle, with foresail soDit; and the Henrietta, from Newport for this port, with leo, of mainboom, asrlyed atCosay o= n the 25thlue The PrtncttFa, from Xatal, has arrivcd at the Mauritius, and loading for this pert. The Couiston, sailed from the Mairitins for London ; andthe Aden, NovEmramn 29. (BS ELECTIIc aELEG5tAPIL) Wind. S. Arrived.-The Margaret, from Jvtalmca-the Harvest Queen, ftom NewYork-theNXymph, from Halirax-the steamer Amercai, from Corunna-the Commodore, from Cronstadt-the Rosa GOcapDay, from Odeua-the Theodosius, from lbrail-the Arbsce, from Berdlanslithe Gilovanni Theologas, from Galatz-the Lusbonerks, from ConstantinoDle-the Glenary, from Newfoundlind, The lat Van Fo Herzig, from Taganrog, was at Qoeonstown on the 27th inst. L(NDOaN, Nov. 28.-Wind at noon, 1N.E.; mcderate breeze aud lire. FAL:..O'TTl. Nov. 27.-Wind, E.N.E.-Arrived off the Lizatd, the F'zr,.eth, from fonduras for al4mouthb Put back, the Fiorl, from London. GRIIVESEND, Nov. 27. (By M&oeETio TKLxoUA2r.l (From Lloyds.) Arrievd. - The Catherino, from Nyxoping. Sadled.-The Winterther, for Madras. NOVEMrSEIt 28. 9.30a.m.-Wind, N.E.-Tlde,near high water weather very fine wind very strong. Arrived.-The Tbames. from Hlamburg-the Concordia, from Bosslogre- the Belgiunm, from Oatend. Sailed.-The Lobella, for Sydney. I p.m,-Wind, N.M.; tide, three hours' ebb; weather, fine. Arrived.-The Ai rmn, from Svenborg-the MSemsenger, from Cron. ,,tadt -the Ariel, from Itotterdam-the Odine, from Gefie-the Julia, from Cronvtadt. Saiied.-The Viclorle, for Stettin. 3p.m.-Wlnd, N.E tide, four hour' eobb cloxidy.-No arrivals. S3aicd.-The Caledonia, for Hambtirg-the Holland, for Ostendtho ~cblieoar. for bchiodam-tho MoseLle, for Rotterdam. 7 h:) pm.-tWind. E: tide tuo hoeWs flocd; weather raining. Arrived-The Elizib.t-, from n eongelf-the Runnymede, from Nskopinz-the Star, frogt Biga-the Dragon, froma famburg-tht WValdeenar, from ThiEled-tho Antiquarian, from Oderse-the Hiram, 1rom Crmstadt. Sailed.-The Norfolk, for Port Philip-the Earl of Windsor, for Adelaide. NovEnMinE 29. 4p.m.-Wiud,N.E.; tide, three hours1 and a half ebb. Strong breezo and.cloudy. Arrived.- The Bainbew, the Flora, and the Columbine, aU from Rotterdam-tho Lion. from HarlUgen-tho Lord J. Russell, from Dunkirk- the SMadt Dordrecht,from Dordt-the Enterprisr,from Ge'de -the Ledbitter, from Cronstaclt -the Heloea, from Bjoxneborg-the Jane and the Windsor Caslle, both from Cronsatidt-the Ocean, fron Niouport-the Sir C. Napier, from Soderham-the Thomas Begbis from CrentiAdt-thle I3leglaa AlMda, from Kongeif-the Speoulaut, riromn Nal,o-the BElid,f rom Mlarstrand-the Thirtleth of September from Cronstadt-the Helen, from Thibted-the Thomas Perkins, from Huddickeral-the Princesr, from Cronstadt-the Clas Tholen, froa litralund-tbe Mabel, from Nyklopln;-the Cyprian, from Sundswall-the Ralvator, from Umea-the CaroUne, from Faaborg-the Agir, from Copenhagen -the Abana and the Star,both from OronuWtnut -'he Afida Hendrika, from Stookbolm-the Jeasnuette, from Horsens -the Austtia, from hbrnltianstadt-the Sarah, from Cronstadt-the Sarpsl-org from Umae-the Aventina Jacob and the Henrih Yhelen, both from Stooelholm-theFortuna,from Christianatadt-tbeJohannea Tonden, from Nyham-tho Hendrlka, from Gzoningen-the Canada ftom Sundsvall-tbe Kilold, from Bisserup. Salled.-The Jobn Temporley, for Bombay-the Diana, foe Amsterdam-the Adonis, for Harlingen-the Borneneur, for Havrethe Panther, for Boulogne-the Batvita,for Botterdam-the Germrnla. for Hamburg-the Youmg England, for Colormbo-the Unlone, for Trleae-t-thb Vesta, for Oporto-the Planet, for Hamburg-the Denmark, for Havre-the Baron Oay, for Antwerp-the Sir B. Peel. for Dunkirk-the Farl of AuoIsland, for Rotterdam-the Crouch Brothers, tor the Capo of Good Hope-the Anna Selby, for Bathuret- DEAL, Nov, 28. (By MAoGN;o Txz:ls.rs.P.) (From Lloyd's) 9 am.-Wlnd, B, very strong.-No arrivals. Noon.-Wind, B., more moderate. Pas,ed.-The IabelUa Croll. from London, for NewDort. A portion ot the hul of the brig Camilba, wreoked on the Goodwin BSnds yesterday, Is being towed towards the obore by a Deal lugger. 1.30 p.m.-Wind, B., strong. passed.-The Paris and London, from London for Paris-Her Majestys steamer Spitfixe, from the river for the westward. 7.30 pDm,-Wond, B. by N., fresh. Arrived and Pawd.-The Pomona, from Sunderland for Slngapore -the Eolipse, from Loadon, for Madeira-tho Agonaut, from london for New Orleans-the Heather Bell, from London for Hobart Town-tee Sunshlne, from London for Trinidad-the Winterthur, from London for Madras-the Alto, from London for Cardiff-the genretta, from London' fur Newport-the Doras, from Londoa for Salcombe-the Ferris, from London for Liverpool, 6 p.m.-Whad, R.S.B., fresh, Arrived and P ed.-Th eRobin Hood, from Shanga for London -the Sea Park and the Norfolk, from London, for Port Philip-the Earl of Windsor, from ondon for Adelsaide-the ed Riding Hood and the Maury, from London for Shanghai-the W, A. ]VIatenos, from London for Mauritius-the Villa de PfIco, from London for Lima-the Rocbambo, from London ifor New Orleans-the Vogeg reom London for Oporto. A-rived and Ancbored.-The Tito, from Falmouth for GrLbSythe Dn, from SouthamPton for SbhIlfds . SaDed.-The Westernatar, for London-the Castrano, for Ramrgatle to reDair. VESrA Spoxar WITr. A ship, with siX tepsasiyards. bavinugtroops on board, steering S. S., Anc Rnt ISh BB a. Sept. 21, in lat. 26 E., long 26 W. Au Xnxish hip, appaently newar. wth circular black ports, steering B.W., Cot. 21, in iat. 25 N., long. 26. W. The Bitishh 3Ierchants, for Mfelbourne, Oct. I, in lat.8 N, long. The Diamond, bound westward, Nov. 16 in lt. 40 N.. long. 2D0W. Thb Twilight, from the Clyde for Me Juourne,.Jtiy 18, bn lat, 4 N., lot. S0OW. The Clymene, from Iserspool for Calcutta, Aug. 21, inlat. 39 8., long. 23 B. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE TI1S DAY. Morning ., 10 min after 12 1 Afternoon . 4 mln. aftor 12
THE CORNY TRADE. LIVERPOOL. Nnv 9R TOe, Corn-Exhabange to-day vase wail attended by millers and dealers TI e majority of themn were seeking bairgainus in whleat, and a f-air beatnleFsswas transacted at an ImoPro,eseet on Tuesady of about 24. per brshi, enl d u'63..to 1,per barrel Bd sack on.doar. Indian corn fern 1 a better sale, and improved 6d. to 1.e. per qnuarter. Oatg and oatmeal h-oth nSt.iWoediate Priceas Barley, beans, and peas werei all we.,karii. value0. IP.ir Inquiry for wheat to-day. and a firmer feelinig in zhs NOTTLTGUld,A Nov. SE The weatber continues mild for the season. pros; is low w.atte, to keep in cheok the young wheat, which has sprung up rapidly, arid is looking exceedingly healthy'. There Is very little alteration in the Prices of fat stock At Nettlng. ham there was a email shaow of beasts, mnany of which were of an Infeirior de:crlplion. and prices were a ehade lower thain last week, ttee test qualities of heof makkIng 7r. 6d. per stone. Sheep vere alatu in limiesd supply. and uipon the whole mautton made rathe, iem mamns, tsen the previousswoees, the beet sorts.realizlng 791..per lb. Princes Beef, 7s. to Ps. 6d. per stone; and mutton, 6id. us 7td. Der lb. At Bawtry fair there was a good show of cattle, aulI pricee were rather ontheodecliae. Pewchanged hands. owing partly to the eta'o cf the money-market. Sheep were a very good supply, hoit told at a slight reduction. At this Corn-Exohange there waa r. moderate supply of wheat, whlce w as well taken off at an advance, of 2s. per quarter onx the prieee of last week, fine white samples making 64e, anid red f0e, per 33 etons. Of barley there wae imuch less, showing, and good Nottiughsmshlre barlev made 2e. per quarter more money ; South barley was Le. dearer, bs-.t qualitles made4oe. Oats maintained their reins. New beaus were quitesasdear; oldones is. cheaper. Prima 3:-OId white wher,5gse.1tO 63e. ;new, tOe. to 64s.;old ed. ios,to 60A.;n3ew, 4S, to 5l3. ;malting barley, 34s totS4, per quarter ; grindiug, MS. to 33r. ; new, eliteo, 28e, to 31e, per 30 stone. Oats (W1i,li. I to &Sie.; new, 24s. to 3ie. ver 24 atone ; foseg 2o,.ts to 28s. per 24 stion; beans (now), 4Oe, to4tI. cld, VAe, to iHe, pen 18 stone. Pliour (superfine), 4ie, to 4ie.; fine, ISa to iSd, per 20 at0one, LEICE8i'E, Nor. 28. The weathsr has been changeable this week, but the corn trade at the local marketa has boon mnore sactive. A deci l odolnecspervadesatire cattle trade. Atl1elcecter theashow of beuast wee onily modesate, and Prices 'were for the moat part thes same aslast weekr, prime beef realizitng Pd. per lb. Sheep -%ore int smal supply, and mutton sold at declining prices floe qualitlee maaking 7d. per lb. Prices :-Beef. 6d. to 7d.;. mutton, 6d. to 7d. per lb. At thIs corn-mar,ket to-day there was a fair attendance of farmers and a good show of wheat, which sold at an advance of Is. to 4e, onx the ona-rencles of lent vweek fine wbile realizing 61s., and red i54.. pocr qu,ster. Barley was In liberal supply, hut the tnade was rather s.ctlvs at an advance of is. to is. en last week's quotatioms good melting saxearpo eallizng40s. per quarter. Osis wereas dear as lst week. ln Ileans no alteration. Prices: -Wheat, 52s, to Sis. ; barley, Sir,. to tic. ; eats, 30s. to le. ; beans, 470. to S0s, Der quarter. Flounr, JLe; ceonrds, USc. per 20 stone. DERBY. Nor. 28. The wreather bee this week been fine. Cold and fr-ret wauld now be of service and prevenxt the yoiung] wheats from hecoming winter prond.' The cettlo trade wae dull and there is very little change to report in the value of fat stock. At Derby on Tuzesday thke supply of fat beasts was good; the trade, however, ruled dull, and a clearance wis nut effected the prices of the finest qualities being 74. per lb. There was a limited supply of sheep, and thu traden for superior sorts ruled tol.,rably active.the best muttearnakidng7jd. perlh. Prices -Be4ai,M6.to 6jd. ; mautton), 7d. to 794. per lb. Chesterfield fair wvas well attended, and there was a good supply of stock. Business ruled dull, barren cows selling at £10O to L13 ; milknrg. £'14 to £20; In calf. £14 to £1 each. Sheep made late prices, w,t.J3a sluggih demand. There was a fair show of horme, anid high prlc b3 were given for rueful ankimals, some two-year-olds mnaking £15 to £17 each. At Bakewall stook weesin small supply ; the demand, however. was very dopreseedi,and to effect sales lower prbcea had to he sabusittet 10; beef reallzed 5.3. 9d. to 7's. Der stone. Sheep wore a small nh.r w, e-nd mutton maade Sd. to 7d. per lb. At this comn-market yesterday the wheat trade wee in better dornand and sold at Is. to 2e. advaRos en hat week's prices, good dry Bamples of white realizing 63s. and red fOe, per 36 stone, There was a fair show of barley ic, the market, which alao sold at Is. higher than last weekba rates, good malting sramples realizing 44a. pen quarter, wbile grinding sold at 37a, Dor 30 stone. Oats were about the same price as last week. Beans were Is.lower. Quotations:-White wheel, SPa,to 63e.; red, 52s. to 56e. per 36 atone; molting barley, 39s. to I33a, otcr quarter; Oats, 3ie, to 378, per 24 stoeno; beaus. l9e, per 38 stone. NORTHAMPTON, Nov. 2i. At ibis corn-mark-et there was a muoderate show of wheat, ant good white samples sold at i2e., and red 48s. Don quarter. 33arley, Of good quality, made Its. Quotations :-Wheat, tde, to 5Os, ; barley, MsO. to:388. ; eels, 29e. t6.36e. ;;beans, 4ie, to 8Sa. ; pros, 40e, to 4Ic. per quarter. At Rugby wheat was in fair supply, and good whitea sold at 190. per bag ; barley, 3sPa to 4Oe. ; now Oats, 27a. to lOe. ; old ditto, S5c. to nos.; per quarter; old beans made l9e, to lie. ; and new,iso. to 1g. per bag. At WeUllgboroughs,with afair supply,whito wheat made 5sic and red 5O3. per quarter. Finest sanaples of barley realized Sic.; oats, 245. to 5so.; old beans, 40a, to 424; now, 8sa. to t9e.; pose, 4s8. to tis. per quartor. At flaventry white wheat realized its audred tie. ; barley, 3ls. to I3s.; Oats, 28s. in 32e, ; beans, tOe, to tie. per quarter. At Rottering, with a tolerable euppDy, quotatione fta, wheat wer 47e. to Wes. barley, 33e. to 3Sg.; eats. 25e, to 5sa. ; be eins 40&3 to tie,; peas, 4tic. to 43s. per quartber. At Leighton Buzzard good wheat made 34s. per load ; barley, 35s. to tie.: osat, 25s. to 3sO. per quarter ; beans. SOs to 33s. peass, 2fe, to 31s. per load. STAMPORD, Nov. 28. At thia cern-market yesterday there wee a llimsited attendancea of farmers Wheat was a maoderate show. The trade was much more active, and wheat moved off zmore readily at on advyance of Sc. tot4e per quarter oni last weekt's prices, the beest samples of White making 583. per 36 etone. There was Iass melting barley on offer, and upon this aetlole en improvement of 2a. per quarter was obtained, the floral qu a. litles rolling at tic. nor quarter. Oais were a very dull sale at unal. tored quotations. There wasvery littleinquiry for beanosatabout last week's rates. Prices :-White wheat, 524. to i8s. ; red, 4ti, to ble. rer 36 stonie; matting barley, Its, to 41s. per quarter ; oats, Is, 1d, to Is,2d. per stoner. old beans, tie. tote6s. ; new, 39e, to 445,. perIl3 stone. GRANTHAM, Nov. 28, Thej weather is colder this week, but the mnoisture that has fallen causes wheat to come to hand In bad contdition. At this Exnhange.ball to-day there wees a very small sopply of wheat and a ready sale was effected at an advance of Is. per quarter on inst week's rater, fine white realizing 569. and red 5sic per Si stone. Barley wee a small show, and all desriptions were is, to Is. per quarter dearer, good molting making tIes. per quarter, and grinding tIe. per S0 atone. In oatsi no change. Boans maintained etI wveleks prices. Quotations :-Wlaite wheat, Sic. to Ste.; red, 4s. to SOs. per S6 stone; matting barley, 37a. to t2n, per imperial quarter ; grin ding di-to0, 205. to lie, per 30 stone : old oats, 3sla to 31a,; new, 213. to 2sic per It stone ; old beans, tie,. to 5sO. ; new 40c. to tic, po 18 slu,.s pea, 42s.to 405. per 56 stone. PETE'REOROUGSH, Nor. 58. There is a reduction in the price, of stork, At Pleterberough the market was tolerably supplied with beasets, but the trade ruled very heavy at a slaight reduction onilast week's ratez, the beat quall!les of beef making Pc. Md per stone; maany beasts were, howfover, driven sr.wayunsold. There was a mnoderate chow of sheep, aol taal weezoe pricer woere for tho most part sustained, the fineat mutton makla.4 Pd. pot lb. Priccs :-Beef, 7s. to So. 3d. per atonie; muttor. 6Ad. ro 7d. -per lb. Here, to-day, there wsoa a fair supply of wheat and a zood, attendonce of farmers. Wheat was In fair request, at an Improvenment of Is. to Zs. per quarter on last week's currencies, the finest samples i o white making ifs. per 36 stone. There wee a very smiall show of nailting barley, maore particuelarly of superior qualities, and prices may to quoted at Is. to 3g. advance, the best saimples maaking t1s. pe-r quarter. Beans moved off slowly at lest week's prices. Oats we.e a dull eals, sod( ur,a'tered in value. Prices :-Whllte wheat, 5Sic. ; rel, tie to it9, per 36 stone ; matting barley, 3Ie. to tie. ver 31 stone ; v ats. lis. to Is. 2,L per atone ; old beans, 43s. to 4524; n ew d itto, Bsi. to 41.3. per 38 stone. I ~~~LINCOLN, Nov. 2i, Tho corn trade baa been more brisk this week at icaproved prices. Beth fat and store stork are ibis wpeek leower. At Palkingliam the supply of stare stock was tolerably good, sand bruiness ruled brisk a, rathoer lower rates. Fat stock maintained lest week'is prices. At Beaton ith market was well suppalled wvith sheep, and the demand ruled lang.id at rather reduced ratemmrutton makidng &id. por lb. At 1incolni there was an average rupply of beastg, which sold at rather ieee mroney than last week, good beef making 7s. 9d. per stone. Sheeop wz:re in m-oderate supply, and mutton sold at declining rates. Beef, is. Sd. to sB. 9d. per stone, and mutton, 6d. to 74. per lb. At Louth fair there wee a large supply of hearts, the trade in which ruled dull at lower rates. At Crowle fat etock were a slow sale, at dociuing rates. At this ceorn-market the supply of wheat wras liberal hut there wore many 11i-conditloned samples. Dsry quatltes solnAt is. to is. over the rrices of last wee's, good white mnaking lie., and red 50s. per quax:rer, Barley vwas a fair show, the host samplea made lest wreek's rates. 48 c. per quarter being given f or good molting qualtites. There was no material change In the prices of other grain. Qtiotatlons :-White wheat, 824 to ifs. ; red, 5Oe, toilsa. ; barley. lie, to tOe.,: natz, 23a. to .l0e. per quarter. At Slealord wheat sold at Inst weekea'prioee, good whlte realizing 424, and red 4&s. per quarter. In barley no alteration, Seua qualties selling at 34s. Other grain was quite as dear as last week. Wheat, 4tse to i9a. ; barley, 103. to 34a. ; now oats, 23g. to 28s. : old, ftc. beans, 48c. to Ste. per quarter. At Louth wheat maintained the ratea of last week, fine white selling at 5le,, and red 45g. per quarter. In harley and other descriplioss of grain no alteration. White wheelt, fils. to 5Si. ; red, I1s, to 45s. ; barley, 31s. to 3Ps. ; otso, SO'. to 3 . ,- beaus. tic, to t6s. per quarter. At Oakhom whbite wrheat sold at O's, and red at tie. ; barley, Sic. to 3$e. ; eats, 24s. to Sic. ; beans, 33e, to its, per quarter. At GeinuBboyough wheat sold at unaltered rates. In barley no change. At lipplugham white wheat made 50e, and red 44s. per quarter ; barley of fine quality realized l9e. : eats, 24s. to 31s. beanis, I2s, to 47e. per quarter. At Lynn wheat sold at an advance of I B. per quarter, good white realizing S2a. and red 4a, per quarter: In baley there was an advance of is.; other graIn same as last weekr. Wheat, 42s. to 62s. ; baley, SOt, to 421: oats, 2is. to 2es.; beans, 421. eo 4g6; peas, 33a to t,2 Der quarter. At Newark there wa3 a good upPly of whoat, and the trade ruled active at an advance of lis to 2s per quarter. Barley was isL dearer. In beans there was a reduction of Is. to 2s. Old white wheat, 58s. to 60as; ditto red, 52s. te 548.. malting barley, 36I. to Its.; grinding, 32s. to 3ie,; oats, nS3 to 374e: beans (old), fs,. to 424 ; peas, 423, to 4t. YORK, Nov. 28. Te ecattletrade is depreseed. At York, there wasa good show offat lesstafor whichthere was aalow inquiry, price3 ranging from 6s. to 7?. per stone. Lean beasat were a large supply, and what sales were effeted wee at lower rates. Fat eheeD wre in ulmited supply, ewes making 64. to 61d., wethers 6O,L to 7d. per lb. At Darliugion lean stock were In plentiful supply m'lch cows were In tolerable demand. Beef, 7s. 6xL to 8a. per stone mutton, 7Ld to 7. per lb. At Scarboroongh stock war In small supply and met with a slow demand l beef making 7d to d, and muton 7d. to S Der lb. At Yorl hartinmas fair lean stock wae a large show, but proTed a Te sluggish sale, at rather lees money. The horse fair was a scall one, and there was a good sale for inferior animals, At this oorn-market to-day wheat was In moderate supply, and was In active demand at an advance of Is. per quoater on the hat week'e currencles, white wheat making 55s. and red t5e. per quarter. Barley in fair supply, at prices In favour of the seller, good melting samples maling 39e. aud grinding 34s Der quarter. Oats were the turn dearer. Beans maintained fully the prices ot laet week. Quotattons :-W5htte wheat, 51s to 515. ; red, 419. to 490.; malting haleo, 33sa to 3.°.; grinding ditto, 29s4 to 3l.1; beans, 44sa to 49s. per quarter. At Wetl3rby wbite wheat made 21. to 229. 6d,, and red 19s. 6d. to SL. 6L per load ; barley sealized 2ie to 35e. per qnarter, new oats. 1d. to le., and old Is. 3d. Per stone. At Enaresborough wheat sold at last week's prices, other graln unaltered in value, Wheat 6d. to "a,. beans, Sd, to Gs. Per bushel; barley, 32s. to 3s. o; ata, 24s. to 30. Der quarter. At Scarborongb the wheat trade ruled firm, and rather better prices were obtained. At Hovloghaba wheat realized at week's rMteo:barley unaltered; oats 3d. per atone hIgher. Ried whe,t. 45a toMse. ;barlry. 30& to 3le Per qusrter; oats, la. 31. to Is. 4.1 per stone. At Barnard Castle white wheat told at 14s. to l6t, d red, 115. to 15Os: barley, 82. 6d, to 9s. W4.; oata. Ss. to es. 6d.. tees. IO?. to 10s. 6d. ; beans, Ile, to Ile. 6d. per boll. At NorthallertDor wheat was it, good Supply, aind floe whLite ssaiplea reasliz-ed Ic. 3d 1ro buselie; barles 4s. to is ; oat-, 2o. Gd. to 4&-; beans. Is. 6d. to 6s. p'l. bushel. At Selby wheal was iu small supply. and ls. lower than las ; week Tbhere 19ra3 a good ahow of barley, whtch sold at a dealIne ot s. per quarter. Oats wvere Is. cheaper. DONC&SIIEIt. Nov. 21. Thie weatlher has beets variable this week, but S lower rangeDOf tee lertatre has Prevailed generally, and saces Weduteday thealr flag been fro6ty at nights. Agrislumral operatIons areproceedingsnaties. a torily, and the oOULgwhe,t blaent tonesproMisIng. There has bean mno, activjry in the wheat trade thIs week, the late tpsotracted downward muvemsnt in prices he,'iag been cocksed at t'e begius.Ig of the wteek. and since then quelat')sn have bsatn enhanced frorn s. to 2a. per quarter. The fal in the value of barley has laso been arrested, anI the WeAk clecE, with an Improvemeet of fully 2e. per quarter onlate Ourience!s. Gas,teaee, andsaesshare not partiospacd1 i the chaure, antremain de1l, with rather lower r.tes. At to-day's market there wa. a short supply of wbeateimpared wvIth 'tIo recent liberal supplies, and a more numerous atteadanee of buyers Trade wasa brIAk th,oughsout, and mo.t of the s.4mples werei taken off at an UTadvace Of ls. to Is. Os. per loadi(2s. Sd. to 4-s. per qttsrter.) The sup,ly of bazley was on a6 smaller seals tha n for tome weeka par~t, and maILtters were move oager purchasers at an advance of I1. per qeiarter Oni last Satuyday'sl prIces. Othes kinds of grain were - ieluted request, and beams wcre rather tower. The following are the quotatiOns; -New wheat, 14s. to 118s. pe load of three imperial busha:s fine, 20e, to 233. Gd. ; old wheat, lbz. to 0Ce, ; fine, 21e, to 24a.;, blent-. corn II&.to 16s. ;rye. i2& to 14e ; beaus, Igs. to lBs. ; peas, 4i4s.to iSs., new oats, 205 to 26s, per quass-er ire, 3ts, to 32&s.; uldi O.1S 2ie, to 31s.;, tine. 3la, to 35,. ; grinding barley, SUe to lIe; malting bWrler, 333. to 353. ; line, 30e. to 3s. The cattle-markhete have been pretty well suppULdm with beawsl and stheep, and the former have rather increaeed in value, but the latter have ruelad dull, Here to-day there was a fair show of cattle, the beet of which were sold at full prIcA muilking cows rankging from £14 to £1,and heifera;£22 to£14. A large au:ply of pIg, hich sold far lee monley. Thepstato.market wuLs very liberally, supplied, and prices declined 12a. Gd. to lie, pe load of IS stone being the highest figures quo ted. QILOCEBTER, Nov. 2i. It is not untll tho pmstrnt week that we ha-ve had romDtoras of winter. We have had two or tlssee frosts and a slight sprtnklieg of snow, the Brat of the ecaseon, The weather Is still comparatively miild. There was a better attendance at our markcet to-day. Farmers aeched mere money for 'wheat, and millera had to advance IL. per quarter to effect puachacee Whleat averaged £2 13s. per Imperial qnarter' A fair denmaud for other descriptions of grain, at a trifling advance in price. Oheltenbam mnarket, on Thursday, was well attended. PrIces were elightiy in advance of la;t week, At Herefora, on Wednezday, tha suDPply Was shOtt, and, tba demand btlng good, an advauce of from Isto is. on flue samaples of wheat was obtained over the rates oC last maLrket day. Fine red wheat sold at lSe, to O2e,, and white wheat 545, per quazter. Good malting barley in request, but little s,n offer, anti the foil roles of lat week were reotlited. In other grain we can quota3 no change of price. Grest comnplaints are made of the decay of the potato crop in comae parts of the country. WORCESTER, Nov. 28. Our maske t i-day was firmer the recoent rapid decline in the v5luze of wheat and other grain has receIved a checar, and wheat was worth S. per quarter maore moniey here than lest week, Englih whita 6e. l8d, to 7s. 4d., and red, 5a. 8d,to Ge. Gd perbushel ;maltini barley, 4s. Gd. to 53s, and distMing, 43. 3d, to 48, Gd, ; Engliah basos, 5a. 4d, to 5o. 6d. per bushtel for niew , and Os. ta Os.1 6l. for old ; old oats, 4s, to 4s. 6d., and new, ISo. 6d, to 4s. per 391b. ; winter vetches. es,Cd. tola. per bushel , and peaE6 Ss. Gd,to r5s. Gd. for white, and le. toIs. Gd. for gray. Last Worcester averages:;-Wheat,LI 232. ld.; i sley, £El1 H. t d.; anld Peas £2 5s. 44, per Imperia quarter. The local ma,rkeleshare slghtly zmproved tht.e week. At Ifililer. wiluter on ThUreday Dmires were firm and the supply short of wheat. tn;. large of barley ; wheat, l7s. to 19e. per bag ; malitng barley,43. 3d. '0 49. Sd. per bushel, At Ereeham wheat sold slowly at 18s. per bag; trade dulL At Bromrgrove wheat was; firm at late rates-igs. to Its per bag ;malting barley, d, 3d. to 6s. per barbel, oats, lie, to lOsj. I er eight Ecore ; boane, i7s, tolls. per ton score. At Bromagrovo fair the supply was good ; prices wore lower, Beef Cd. to f3d. ; ewes, 1&id. to 7d. ; and wethess, Md. to 7id1, perlb. Pigs mush che-aper. CHELiIBFORD, Nov. 27. 'The depressed stale of this market for tome weeks part has given way to a more active buesiness. and, thouigh there was a fair supply of wheat in-day on) offer, 2s. per quarter taore than last market day was obtainable for the bast camplea. The quotations for se-condary quali. ties wiere advanceA Is. ; and barley, too, was is. dearer. 'White wheat Gla. to 5lie. : redl, I4s, to 49s. ; barley, Ena. to 465. ; chevalIer, 35s, to l2e. ; grinding. Stg. to us3. In other grain these was a rather better trade, but no alteration In price. In the other markets of Essex business has equally Improved. At Braintzee wheat fetched Is., burlap Is, to 23, and oaits is. more than last Week, Y'esterday, at S6udhry there was a goodi supply of whieat. and in tbs early part of the market a staud was made for ta reduction ; It was not, however, submaItted to by the farmers anod eventually a fair business w,s done, with last week's quotationr firm. At Busy gocd wheat maintsined last week'a rates, as did also bar - ley ; oats were Is. cheaper. At Stowmarket wheat was firm, but an advaincsa was not estab. lIozed, Barley Is. higher, and a good trade doing in beans and peas. At WVoodibrldge the quotations for wheat were put up Is. ; and good b3rley comnmanded a like advance. Yesterday, at Bishop's ftortlord, Heats, therre we a change from la4t wveek visible; wheat advanced as. to Is., and was mnore freely taken, aud barley waes is, dearer. 0AMsBRII)iE, Nov. 28. The trade in fat and store atoale has beenx less active this week, At St. Ives there w ar limited show of fat beasts, which mat a tolerable demand, tbs primeet quatltes realizing Bs.OcM, while secondary sortsd cold at 7e,d.2.per stone. Irish stores, of which there was alarge show. were a very dull Wae. MllIh cows were In good demand, at prices s aucing from £120 to £S24 for cow and calf. Ther was a, tolerebla ar,Pl of nutton, which was rather doll of sale at 4e, IGd. to Is. per Sib. There was a good supply of alores, which were in active reques;, There wean good chow of lambs, for whichl there was a tolerable doe. mand. Cart horses were a good show, and useful animals mad e£4) lo£425 sash. Cart colte of a superior description. made £30 t LiiB3 sir"h. At Ely sheep were In3 good supply, and were dull of sale, muttoen mating 4e. 4d. to 4s. l0d. per 8ib. In store sheep there, was no~t much d~ing, Cowstookmnay bquotedatlaterates, At this corn-market wheat was in fair supply, and good whIte samples snade 58s., and red 4is. per quarter. Malting barley realized Stes. There was not nuch changein the prices of other descriptions5of train. Quotations ;-White wheat, t2s. to 5Is. ; red, 45s, to los.; barley, us,. toll2s,; oats, 213-.to lIe, per querter. At Ely the corn trade was tolerably brisk, and prices were 2s. dearer thanllast week. Barley was mo re firm. There wvar an Improvement in the demcand for other spring orn. At St. Ives wheat wLasin good i ujply, aud Io, per quarter cheaper than lest week. There was a6 large stow of erring corn. the trade, however, ruled dull, at Is. to Is. de5cline on lnast week's rates. At Royston the wheat trade ruled firerr, at I a clight advance sepon last weelk'a rates. 3Oarley was a small show and rather fearer. In oats, beaus, and peas very little doing. Whest,2lis to 3Do. per load; barley. i2s. toDlls.; oats, 2Oe, to 3l's, per quzarter, At St. X,e V there wee a good demand fer wheat ate aslight Improve ienet on lcst we-k's rates. Barley war is. higher. In oats. beaan-, a -n peas there was a slight reduction. Wheat, 27s, to 313. per 1,,l: b,rley, us5. to IS.38; oats, lie, to 26as,; beans, 37s. to 41Ie.; le33 &isa. t ito. perquatrter. NORWICH, Nov. 28. TI-e weather is gradu5lly becoming colder, thne raves . Ibo thermomnettr in ;he wreek ending last evening having been from 32Baeg. to-t Icr4. with a rain fall of -45 inch. Th. los-., marketsbhars, during tie last few days, exhibited greeter rtadnslee. so Pd at thIs exchlange to-day wheat war taken of' at an advance of Is. to 2s. per quezter. Baxley commanded late rates, a3 s other corn was aLlso steady. The best white wheat (weighing f2Its. to Gilh. per Imperial bushel) made Its, to Ols. ; red ditto Iweiebinz 601b. to ailbi.) ITs, to 53s. ; damp ditto (weighing tub. to 51Mb.). 42s. t -163. ; melting barley (weighing 5211b. to 511bi), SOs, to 42e, ; ditt3 oievalle-r runs iswelghing 521b. to 531b.), lOs. to its. ; ditto distihifag (weighing 511b. to t3lb.), 3Ie, to 34e, ; beans (weighing 64lb, to ati I., nir. to 4ile,; oats (weighing 3l1b. to 421b., 28lie to i2s.; ps-as (weighing Gil's). e t:15j tlIe), a to 4Os. per quarter. Flooir 34s. to 34s. 6.2.. per sack irem the millers. Latestaverages :-Whest, 2.543& qiistasr, I9s.1lit.. barley, 7,86013 quarter-s 37s, Gd.; oats, 16qrtartere, lbs.; beans, 49 Sluarhers, 4ieIsleW.; peas, 20 quarters,415s. Gd. Tht cattle-manaket to-day wast well supplied with Seaots, shorthomsa I'evona, and Irishbstre besets, but trade was dull, sndsa farther deline of Os. to 10s, per head was reported to have been submitted to In 850.0 raer.. A consIderable proportion of the supply remainedunrolI a' the close of business. The supply of slheep was not large, but all kinds miet a dull role at a reductioni of le. to 2s. per head withaout a clearance. TbIeImrportatlous of cattle from the North of Europe scared to-day for the eaeson. Telegramns received from Lowestoft anno.nes the arrival of the C.amberlaud steamer with .25 beasts and 321 sheen, and of the Tonning with itO besets. The ctocck was de:.satehed, aseunual, to toe-r. 13; meseensation has been excited in tho Eastern Counties by the ss penzion of ils-. Henry Morton, corn merchantt, 06 Wiaboeash, 11.00RESTER, Nov. 28. A very considerable quantity of land has been broken up for the purpoos of being placed under wheat cultivation, and a much large, breadth has been sown with early wheat than has been the care for a number of years pass. The wveather still kreeps exceedia ly mild for the season ot the y.er, and the fine dry weather with which we have been favouzed has ensbled all linds of out-door agrlcultural opera tions to ba pushed forward with spirit. Although a great deal of the rew wheat has been thrashed out, yet farmers prefer holding their atocks until the present seere depression i the grain trade has sub sided. A docldedly flrmer feeicng has been manifested in the wbeat trade douing the pact week, and a slightly increased buninems has been done more itqunses hosing been made atter both English and foreign kinds. Prces remain aboiut the same, with maore dispositlon on the part of buyers to effect purchares, The standi at thls corn-market were moderately supPlied with every descriptlon of grain, and there was a large attendance of town and country mlUers and the trada. The bulk of the grain exhibited was of rather interior quality, baving been eafected by the late damp weather. For good dry heavy parcels farmers asked Is. to 2s. per quarter over the terms of last week, but mIllers acted with extreme caution, and, as this enhancement in priora war not generally acceded to, businesa was exceRi7ely filat and almost at a atandstIll The market, however, rallied, and a fair amoumt of busitaes woas done at about the rates of last week; inerior samples sold slowly, at a dedlne of l6 to 2s, Foreign wae In more request sta sight Improvement. Brley was rather more swoght afterand exhibited a mriked Improvement in value. Ia oats there was a quiet butiness done at full prices. Beans and peas were held with fsrnleSatatrifling adlance. Thefolowing re the rates:-White wheat, 46s. to i2s; fine, 54l. ; red wheat, ISa, to 4Ss, flue, 48s.; old white, 423. to t6Oe; old red, i s. to 4a.e, malting barley, 3ls. to 4-1.; grInding ditto, 30s. to 34s.; oats, 22Ls to 2ls.; old ditto, 32a.; beans, 40s. to 42. ; peas, 443. to 43s, plour was about 64. to Is. per saect lower. READING, Nov. 28. The trade in wheat baving imsproved sinoe our last report farmers poured in supplies ona more liberal ecaie than of late; stiU the show wv, not quite s5 extensive as ordinarily Been atthlsseaEon. F-e parcels w.ere very few In number, so that the bulk was of an indifferent qUtity. At the opening ofthe martet holders asked an increase ou pre-rieas rates, and for a time there was a dispesltlon to do basiness at an iDcreaso ot la, to 2e, per quarter. but afterwards there Was cerlately les activity In busin(es, and the market closed at an advane not exceeding is. per quarter on the best *orts. Tlhe Interior qualities sppeased to te asoost unsals-d-l. A few fdue dry and picked lo's ot vhite wheat sold at Ole ; the bet,tordinary-Y Id at prices ringing from fs. t., lbs.; teCOneiar, tie. to 6iz.; and the InferiorLat46 tothI. P.ed wheat, best deecriptione n2s. to 6hs.; secondary, 48g. to 603.; and. fesatt. die, to 48s. The late greed t deprosloa in the trade for barley led to the supply being rather short to-day. There waa a good Itumber of dealera from tbe distillery distits bere, and to anmol ated wa ther demand htht th, qualilges o barley roquirsodfor dlsthlin. purpo.es adranced Is.to2te; tbeninaltlngamtstildnot pr5re quite so free a tale, and quotatloas obly rose la.; grinOdng paro-els were looked alter, and sold at ian to 28. stlerer. Vlce m4inene t,irles, realized from ioe, to 45s. ; dUtolllteg, 366. To 0os. : and grinding, 33s. to 353. i-ood quality oatieaee with a fair Jnquiry. anid were sold at late ouLr. ter.ties. bat taoe rarket was heavy for the inferior. and tbheo cow .r.ly thod bQf arer a a declise of Is. Old Tartary Ddta were quotel at 24e. to 27 _ new0 18. to ?is. ; old Polaund 2&% to Ss. ; aud new, 26-. tm 2s,. ~jne bepiai' Iere quoted at 48g. to 5in. andi new at dOe. to 4de., Lei.g a reduction of abtout la. Good whjite bas sold abt 44e. to 4S., of! d ersY at 408 to e3o. '.the demandi for both was slow. Tz.o 110cr trar i,, nuiet. and Drices in the last fortnight saro .ie. tItian 3-. we- fsak. The prices are - households, 43o. : seconds ,OOs. l,br sack of 2hOIb. DBI,io 7 (1 r c;,rr.-nmrlat wolo hozuer to-day that for ecrne weetsa. The cur. rencele, of Toeis la were Renerally supsiorted, and in serse caseoDrlmee samhples of wt.e~t aud ot,;t were a shade dearer. There was or re t.or oeIs Idian turni, and IOU arUrietY was evinced by holeAr.
UUz?AR,qzry Zf'VVELLIGENCE. 0G-XFORT) Ntmn* 5 MIr. C. S. C. Bowen, Scholar of Balaiol College, was this evening elected Fellow of the same. Tho formal election of the two Scholars (Mr. It. S. 'Wright, Commoner of Balliol, and Mr. John White, from Cheltenham College) took plaed at the same time. The preachers before the University to-day were, in tho morning, Dr. Jacobson, Canon of Christ Church, at Christ Church, and, in the afternoon, the Rev. G. H. Fell, of Magdalen College, as St. Mary's. The preacher to-morro w (St. Andrew's-day) will be the Rev. R. F. Hessey, of Mag. dalen College. CAMBRIDGE, Nov. 28. The Senate met at 2 o'clock, and resumed the discusgion upon Lord Craven's Scholarships. Clanse 3 of the proposed statute, Ignoring the relation of the candidates to the founder in name and kindred, was opposed by Mr. G. WiUiams, of Kigs, who thought it a legitimate mode of making a provision for indigent relatives. hir. Dixon, of Clare, proposed the reserving two Scholarships for poor students, and moved an amendment to that effect, embodying the views of Dr. Paget, expressed yesterday. On the consideration of clause 6, Professor Challis said be was glad to see the Council had not restricted the qualification to classics, but had left it open to such branches of learning or science as the University might determine. lie thought this extension was justified by fhe terms of the foundation, and if there were mathematical scholarships established as well as classical it would bo a great improvemient. The next sabject was Sir W. Browne's Scholarship. The Vice-Chancellor said this Scholarship was neither a Ifniversity nor a Colege Scholarship, for whoever got it must reside at St. Peter's College. The Council came to the resolution that the Master and Fellows of St. Peter's sbould examine, bnt that the examination should be open to the whole University. This resolution the Society of St. Peter's had refused to accede to, unless it should be confined to a student of St. Peter's. The Council could not agree to this, becauso it was cantrary to the wiU of Sir W. Browne, and the Coancil therefore resolved upon clause 2. which rendered unnec9ssary for the scaolar, as heretofore, to enter himself at St. Peter's College, or to reside there. Mr. TAYLOR, Tutor of St. Peter's. objected on behalf of the college. He felt warmly on the matter. The college could no' consistently agree to the resolution of the Council, because it had previously refused to accede to the terms of | the commissioners as to opening their ovvn scholarships, and so could not accept Sir W. Browne's scholar on those terms. Professor SELWYN said a University Scholarship was a badge of high distinction, but if these scholars were compelled to reside at St. Peter's many men would not become candidates. The VICE-CIIA'NCELLOR said he thought it would have been iar better had the college adopted the proposal of the Council. The next subject was the Bell Scholars. Clause 2 gives liberty to choose from King's College or Trinity-hall. Air. G. WILLIA.MS did not agree with this clause though his scholars were very poor, but he would not violate the will of the founder. Mr. LU'ARtD, of Trinity, thought if the will were to be violated the reitriction to sons of clergymeni should be removi S. The VICE-C&ANCELLOR said the Council had in view the probable changes which might take place in King's College. The object was to include those students of King's who might not be scholars. The Cooke and Porson Scholarships passed without any objections. The Seatonian would have dono so, but Ur. POTTS thought the University might extend the prize to Bachelors of Arts. If the poet's corner of every House were searched one would look in vain for any of the frults of Mr. Seaton's prize. Mr. G. WILuLaMs hoped Mr. Potts would raise as well as lower the q'alificstion from M.A's. to aU Doctors. tllE S31ITH'S MATHEMUTICAL PRIZES. The Council in this case propose to discontinue the annual distribution of twvo prizes to the two best proficients in mathematics aud natural philosophy at the general examination for the degree of B.A., and to substitute Instead a prize for the best essay on mathematics and natural philosophy, to be giveu annually to any Bachelor of Arts under the stauding of Master of Arts. Professor CHLALLI.S was opposed to the contemplated change. These prizes had a very benefioial effect on the mathematical studies of the University. He thought such a change would operate badly. All that could be done in the way of essays was already accomplished by the Adams prize. Mr. L. lt) said the Smith's prizes had corrected what he considered a mistake in tho Board of Mathematics. Pure mathematies h;:d beea to a great extent set aside, and the examinations for these prizes had corrected what he thonght an omission. Professor SELWYN agreed with Professor Challis and Mr. Litard. Mr. PTIE.kR, of Enamanuel, argued strongly for retaining the prizes as they were. His ground of opposition was that when the senior wrangler took his hign honour hardly from the second, the latter sometimes vindicated his owa high position by taking the first Smith's prize, and thus one examination corrected the other. Mr. Hol;scuss had no objection to make to the exauiination for the Smith's prize, but as for its being a correction it was generally a sanction of the Senate-house examination. There had been some cases where the two first wranglers had been inverted; but, from what the men had done since, coupled with his knowvledge of them, this was not always right. IIe did not agree with the essay as proposed, yet he tbought is rnigbt have one good result in doing away iu 4;ome measure with that detestable habit of cramming, froee which seonse of our best men were not altogether free. ile feared the candidates would be very few; and he would have two prizes instead of one. Mxr. BE*.XNT, of St. John's, objected to the proposed atatsteo A-, e.-ay vould not be the way to show the3 muathematical knowledge of the students. The Smith's pr;ze he cvn-rdered supplied a great wvant; it tested the plilosophy of !;athemiatical acquiremnents. An examiiation six months later, giving the men time to read for ic, would he an irn,,rovement. 1i R. CA1lrns)" was in favour of an examination at a later datf'. It bei:ng 4 o'clzck the Senate adjourned till Monday next.
TIIE MANUFACTURING DL;sTmcTs.-There has not been any marked increase in the number of unemployed operatives in the mannfacturing districts during the past week, and vigorous efforts are being nmade in all the more rop-alous olvace tI9 mitigate the destnition of the working classes. I'ne a;niunt of distress at Derby has been exagaerated, and 3 liberal supply of soup at a very cheap rate, dispensed '-nder tbe direction of the mayor and a committoe of gentlemen, has gone far to relieve the more pressing exigencies of tbe persons thrown out of employment. At Nottingham a great number of distressed operatives are Pmploved in constructing a public road, their wages ranging from 3s. per wcek with 121b. of bread to 6s. per week with 321b. of bread, the hours of employment being from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. At Boltoi 25 out of 64 cotton factories are running abort time, and two are stopped. There are 4,.5 I .5 persons working from two to foar days per week, and 467 persons are totally unemployed. In the iron foundries a considerable number of persons are out of work, and the h,lk of the handlon'-.' weavers are on the " stint." tlessrs. Arrowvmith and Co.'s mill commenced working foll time on Thursday. At Rochdale six out of the tII mills in the town are stopped, and 13 are running short time. Altogether there are 15,000 people working short time. The iron trade, lately so brisk, is now greatly depressed. At 'Wigan eightoutof the 26 millsinthetown arerunningshort time; 1,500 out of .56,000 hands are but partiaUy employed. At Stockport three.fourths of the mills are working short tinie, and the distress is great. The applications for Poorla- relief have risen from 160 to 1739, being an excess of 2.i9 over the numbers of the corresponding week last year At Barnesley two out of the five miUs in the town are running short time, and 500 out of the 1,500 bands usunlly en'soyed are on short earnings. One mill, employing 1110 hands, has stopped entirely. At Radoliffe 12 out of 21 mll.s are working short time, and 4,180 persons out of 5,290 hands are but partially employed. At Mankchester, out of 233 operative works, 15 have stopped, 145 are working short time; and out of 45,391 handsusnully employed, 18,136 are working short time, and 10,394 are out of emnployment. A t Leicester a ggreat number of persona are reported to be out ot work, aud still more on short time, hut the distressed populationi conduct themselves very creditably. At Blackburn 11. mills are entirely closed, and out, of all the mills in the town only four are workin full time. There has not been sine 1S47 more factory handeout of employment than at the present time. There is an increase of .508 applicants for Poor-law relief compared with the corresponding week of last year. Work has been proviled for a considerable number of hands in the public park and cemetery. At Liverpool a large number of persons usually employed at the dooks are out of employment, and the distress has been aggravated by the recent prevalence of adverse windo, which have kept about 200 vessels out ot port. At Preston there are now 25,000 persons either partially employed or totaUy out of work. All the workhousesin the district are quiLe full; some of the lnmates havo to sleep on bencbes, and the guardians are almost unable to cope with the diffictlties which beset them. In South Staffordshire, owing to the recent failures, things continue to wear a gloomy aspect- Tho whole of the nills at Carlisle are working short time, and the handloom weavers are gradually beconiing moredepressed. Inthe neighbourhood of Whitehhaven the nills are running abort time, but there is abundance of work in the rural districts for able-bodled men The slate trade at Carnarvon continues tolerable brisk. At Holylmead business is very flat, owing mainly to the diminished employment afforded at the New Harbeur works. At Dundee there have been some failures, and the effects of the panic at Glasgow have been rather severely felt. At Saelield there are increasig indications of depuression, but it is hoped the traders of the towvn generally will tide over the crisls. At Leeds bosinese contin'es pretty steady, and only occasional failures occur. At Belfast there is a great want of employment by the girls usually engaged in the sewed mnuslin trade.
RAIL W Y INTEUGEONCE, FARTRRN CIOITNTrES. This company will apply to Parliament in the ensuing session for power to abandon a portion of the Newimarke; and Chesterford line, and also of the railway from the Norttt Woolwich line to the Thames. WELLS AND FAKEbEEAM. The arraugements are progressing for opening this line, and it is expected to be in operation in the coarse of thtl ensaing month. LONDON, BPRIGEiTON, AND SOUTEI COISU. This company have given notlces of intended application to Parliament in the ensuing session for power to raist further capital on new shires and stock and to borrow a further anii of monaey. Also for power to purobase or sake on lease the East Grinstead RaUway, the Wimbledon aad Croydon Railway, and the La-es and Uckfield Railway respectively, or to amalgamate those andertakings, or either of them, with that ot the London, Brighton, and Soath. Coast Ratlway Company; and to sanction and give effect tc contracts and arrangements made or to be made witih those companies in reference to the constraction, maintenanoe. working, and uses by the Brighton Company of the respective railways and works; to authorize the company to ruae theirenginesandcarrtages of everydesoription over the Epsom andLeatherhead Rilway, and to use their stations, wateringplaces, machinery, and works; also to contribute funds and snbscribe towards the undertaking, and to hold shares in the capital of the 7lid-Smsoex Rail9ay Company, aud to' advance money on mortgage or bond, and to guarantee interest or dividend UpOn all or any of the shares in the MidSussex E.ailway Company. The Brighton Company alsa propose to ask for powver to make a raiway from Shorehani. to HIenfield, and to join the 3iid-Snssex Railwary at Itchingo.. field and Billiogshnrrt, and to raise money for the purposes of the intended raitways and works. TRAFFIC RETURNS. M)Ies Pm- Mer- Total, TotaL tavrrays, open. oen a. cbandse. 1817' I Week endig Nov. 22.1 A £ Calodonian. 1081 - - ..,15 .. 15 ,341 IRISlEI RAILWAY RETURNS, )tADS UP TO TilT BlESpEic DATeS As UNDri 1857. 1e Name of Railway, X. g. d. A. a. d. Bslset and BallsymenV, Nv. .1,0668 1 .. 1,125 72 1 Belfaftand Ocunty Down, Nov. 22 . s 37 1 1 .. 234 3 0 Cork and Bandon, Nov. 21 .. 269 7 10 . 255 15 2 Cork, Biaskrock, ard Passage Nov. 21 192 1S 6 242 18 3 Dublin and Belta3t Juuction. Wov. 22 1.257 15 6 1,145 -1 1 Intreston Navan Branch .. .. 108 38 0 ., 103 is 0 Dublin and Drogheda, Nov. 22 .. 1,611 14 7 .. 1,394 6 7 Dobli and Vicklow, Nov. 21.. .1 ,174 311 . 1,252 B I 5andalk and Ennrsktlen, Nov.22 .. 451 15 1 400 16 s Great Southern and Western, Nov. 21 6,002 12 7 . 5,977 6 3 lrlh South-Easteru, Nor. 21 . 252 3 10 .. 210 2 0 EUla.ney Juncton, Nov. 21 . 35t 15 4 .. 3 8 6 8 Limerick and Foyne,NovSl. ., 155 0 0 .. 135 7 3 Londonderry aud ColeraJue, Nov. 21 525 6 1 272 19 9 L'ondonderry and Enasklllen, Nov.21 714 14 5 726 10 0 llsand Great Wester, Nor.22 .. 3008 0 9 .. 35i7 110 U1ster, Nor. 21 . 1233 1 1..1407 4 8 Waterfordandl lkenuy, Nov. 21 ' 2214173 2 '' 3;i0 2 Waterford and Limerict Nor. 21 . 1,207 8 9 . 1,054 10 9 Waterord and Tranmome.Nov. 21 . s0 7 6 . 44 9 10
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have read with much surprise the letter of your correspondent "Prevetiron," who 'would have selected a mnre appropriate name if he caUed himself " Invention." ihe simple story is, that 1 vas driving in a smau phaeton to B reformatory school, and wvithin a mile of it I ove,took one of the boys, about 1l years of age, ;who wavs return-ig from the neighbonring town, having been sent there on au errand hy is master. Betwveen the place and the schb ol are five gates, two of them by the side of the railway, and T desired the boy to get up on to the front seat by the coachman that he might open the g,tes fornme. lm. diately after the boy had monunted I saw " Preventiou *" he did not ask any question as to the boy, but, ; ppodng from his liberal gift to another reformatory school that he took an interest in such institations, I told hini that "X:- was one of the boys of the neighbonring school. Nl' P. wo-a pa-sed about " taking an airing ," nor did I pa, l; ' Iviilage" or house till I crme to the school, where I coold by my ex.mple propagate " the advantages of vice." It is strange, too, that " Prevention" should say that the boy was dressed " in an odd yellow dress"-the felUn s garb. He wab dressed in a dark suit of cordurov-a dress so similar to that worn by a farmer's boy that, until you take off the coat and examine the inside, it is impossible by the drecs to discover that he belonged to a reformatory school. It ni2lucly1r happens for "'Yrevention" that his predictions are as unhappy as his facts. lIe savs that "No honest lad would have had a chance of being thmu appended" to a carriage. Nsot long since I overtook a stout lad, or man weary and haavy laden, and I gave him the same seat in the same carriage for three miles, to the end of our respective j ,mrney. I beg to assure you, Sir, that I am as great an advocate for prevention of crime as your correspondent, and at my own expense I maintain a parish school, where I endeavour to inculcate those principles which may Drevent crime ; but, unhapplly, we kno v that education will not entirely overcome the propensity to evil. If, then, the pupil falls into crime, I confess that I see no weakness in attempting to recover the fallen, and if that ean be effected by .dudness the process witl give mne a double pleasurve. Mutlch good has, I believe, been accomplished by the reformuatory schools, and I trnst that the friends of such institutions will persevere in defiance of the sneers to which they may he exposed. I am, Sir, your obodient servant. . BET.t. A, DV. ;&. DL - -- . a - .-. of m y staeu WU L W11O wmo vouch for the ceu-ac7 of mYstatement.
THE LORD-ADVOCATE on the ORDNPANCE SL.VEY. -The Lord-Advocate delivered a lecture at Leith on Wednesday evening on the history of the Ordnance Survey, particularly In Scotland. After narrating the proceedings which had been taken to survey the kingdom from an early period downwards, and adrerting to the successive com:mittees of the House of Commons that had sat upon the subjeot, ho expressed his regret at the vote of lstt session in favour of the motion of Sir Denham Norreys, who, because Ireland had been surveyed on the 6.inch scale, thought that scale was also good enough for Scotland, where for some years the survey had been proceeding on the 25-inch scale. Ia consequence of that vote, he said, the survey Vw now at a standstll. This was not a Scotch, but an imperial question. They wanted the 25inch seale for many sanolbry, theial, andioitvi sclentifio, and legal purpose3. The holequetwonltvS on ofXrtOeJ.The 26-inchi scale, smaps, would cost 900.0001.; the 6-inch without the 245-inch acale, would cost 800,00tOt.. He reckoned that both England and Scotland could be surveyed for 2A millions, or a million less than was expended on the survey of the Health of Towns Commission, which cost 3,529,0001., because a proper survey was not made in 1837. Were we to repeat this foUy for ever ? At this moment we had lost 25,0001. by the mere changes of the scale, because, though the work was stopped while the men were waiting for orders, this did not dimi. nish the expense of superintendence. Money wasi boihg lavished every hour by this system of vracilation, and the amount of money we had uselessly spent would have made up the difference on the large plan three times over.
Z02YDOl, MONDAY, YNOVEXMBER 30,1S57. A lack of curiosity often follows overatra3ned exPectation, and it is natural to disrega%d the detaila of complete succees; we may perhap, therefore, look for a gradual dininution of the interest with which the nation has watched the Indian struggle. Not but that the great events both past and to come will receive their due Share of attention; the heart of the country is with those who are fighting its battles, and no deed of arms wil be neglected or forgotten. But the interest will now be in the gross rather than in details. The first surprise is over,-the isolated detachments of our countrymen have been rescued, the enemy no longer hold the great arsenal of Upper India. Neither is the power of England seriously threatened, nor are the liven of English women and children in danger. The insurrection has been suppressed in every part of India except a certain district on the Upper Ganges. Hither the mutineers are flocking from every quarter, and while they think they are gaining strength by uniting their forces they are in reality assuring to us a more rapid ard easy victory. Henceforth the public will have to follow the narrative of an Indian war, like the other wars which have gone before it. Some 50,000 Asiatics hold the kingdom of Oude. This kingdom we have to conquer as if it had been till now perfectly independent. How long it will take to accomplish this we may judge from the history of former wars. The hostile force now risen up against us is not more formidable than the Sikhs or Mahrattas, and wil be as easily crushed. When 20,000 more Europeans are brought into the country the work is done. The operations which followed the capture of Delhi are described in full by our correspondents and by the Indian press. It will be remembered that the mutineers who evacuated the city on the 19th of September marched some of them eastwards towards Bareilly, but tIe greater part to the southward, in the direction of Muttra and Agra. Two days after the final occupation of Delhi Colonel GREATHED went in pursuit with 1,600 infantry and 500 cavalry, with 18 guns. He seems first to have moved on Anopshuhur, and halted on the third day at Seclnderabad, which had been quitted by the fugitives, and where were found, it is said, articles of European use, and particularly ladies' clothesa sign that some atrocity had been perpetrated on the spot. As a punishment Secunderabad was at once burnt to the ground. On the 27th Colonel GREATRED came up with the enemy at I3olundshuhur, about 15 miles further on. The Delhi people had been joined by a set of the Jhansi mutineers, had taken up a strong position, and determined to make a stand. However, our artillery drove them from their works, and the cavalry finished their discomfiture. The loss of the enemy does not seem to have been large, since they sought safety in a speedy flight; but 7 guns, 25 boxes of powder, together with other ammunition, were taken. This affair does not seem to have been merely a combat with the rear-guard of a retreating enemy, but a real pitched battle fought against the whole force which the mutineers could oppose to us. Two days after the column came upon the fort of Malaghur, abandoned by the enemy. It was blown up. The affair is remarkable only inasmuch as it cost the life of Lieutenant Hom.E, of the Engineers, the gallant officer who was employed with Lieutenant SALxRLD in blowing open the Cashmere-gate of Delhi. On the 5th the column reached Ailyghur, which it captured, cutting to pieces the defenders; skirmishing parties then swept the country, destroying the marauders of the Gwalior Contingent wherever they were to be found. Now, however, It was necessary to prepare for another foe. Delhi had been taken, its defenders scattered, the country cleared for fifty miles, and it seemed likely that soon there would not be a rebel between the Jumna and the Ganges. But the Rajpootana and Malwa people were strong in the south. The Indore mutineers had marched northward until they had reached Dholpore, and from this point communication with the Delhi and Oude rebels was not difficult. It will be remembered that two mails since Agra was said to be threatened. The fear was inspired by this strong levy at Dholpore, and the event showed that it was well founded. However, the attack resulted in one of the most brilliant victories gained by the British arms throughout the war. On the 6th of October Colonel GREATIED seized Akburabad, and the next day reached Hatras, half way between Allyghur and Agra. The enemy had retreated in a somewhat disorderly manner, and now entirely disappeared. The column entered Agra on the 14th, and were right glad of a little rest in the cantonnments. But they did not know that four days before the rebel force in the south had broken up from Dholpore and was in march on the place. Our men were scarcely encamped when they were attacked by some 5,000 of the enemy. Some fanatics rushed in and murdered an officer, and one of our guns was actually taken before the men had recovered from their surprise. We need not describe the battle, which is narrated elsewhere. The Sikhs fought with their usual spirit; the 9th Lancers charged in their shirt sleeves. The enemy were driven back, routed, and pursued for miles. They lost 500 men, all their guns, baggage, and ammunition, and only escaped by getting across the river Khara on their road back to Dholpore. We now come to the close of Colonel GEATHEED'S known movements. Having dispersed the Delhi fugitives, driven back with slaughter the Indore invaders, and saved Agra, he turned his attention to the relief of Lucknow. On the 19th he had marched 22 miles in a north-easterly direction to Mynpoorie. After this we have no certain information of his movements, but it was expected that by the end of the month he might be in a position to render Sir HENRY HAvELocK some assistance. No words of ours are necessary to insure due honour being paid to the officer who has accomplished this extraordinary march. Through a countryswarming with enemies the little column of Colonel GP.EATrED has penetrated, marching almost incessantly for 16 days, fighting two battles -not to speak of smaller actions-and destroying several thousands of the enemy. Such achievements speak for themselves. We must now turn to Lucknow. The position of the British commander is singular. Between the 20th and 25th of September General HAEioc had marched from Cawnpore to Lucknow with a force numbering less than 2,800 men. The fighting during the march was not considerable, considering the number of the enemy and the weaknem of our force. The mutineers, however, had thrown up works at a place called Allumbagh, tbree niles short of Lucknow. Theseweremountedwith 50 guns, and were taken after a stubborn resistance by General HIvELOCK. Finding the place of sufficient strength, the General left party of the 64th in it, with the sick and wounded, and himself pushed on to Lucknow. A plain, traversed by a broad canal, separates Lucknow from Allumbagh, and as HAvnxocx crosed the bridge over the canal it was broken down behind him by the enemy, who hung upon his rear. Then followed the attack on"lLuclmow, which was partially taken with a loss on our side of about 600 killed and wDounded. The lResidency was relieved, aud General HAvEooCK setablixhed himself there. Then follows the strange part of the story. The rebels have placed themsewlves on the plain between the main body of English andthe party of the 64th which holds Allumbagh. The whole extent of country between (~awpor an Afumbah i clar,and, al qtuatit7 of provisions, convoyed by only 250 men, has got in with perfect safety; but to Lucknow itself it was impossible to penetrate. The Commander must therefore maintain himself as he best can until Colonel G RExn makes his appearance, or sufficient reinforcements are sent up from Calcutta to enable him to act on the offensive. Delhi and Lucknow have been the two centres of the revolt, but henceforth it is with the latter that we shall be almost exclusively concerned. India in general is returning to a state of tranquillity. True, the central regions, where the English residents are quite unprotected, may furnish some new horrors, like that we publish to-day of the saughter of Captain BuBTow, the political agent at Kotah, and his two sons. But we trust we are nearly at the end of thewe trial. It is even said that our countrymen at Saugor are gafe. So We may, without too great confidence, consider that this vast insurrection which a few months since threatened to wrap aJil India in its folds is now confined to a little space in the Northwest country. Towards Delhi there is probably not a single band of mutineers west of the Ganges, In the opposite direction the country below Cawnpore is free from disturbance, and small bodies of men are sent with perfect safety to that city, lately the scene of so terrible a calamity, but now the basis of our operations against the mutineer army. Oude and part of Rohilcund are the districts held by the enemy; they are, in fact, hostile countries, and the war must be carried on in them as if we had never set foot there before. There must no doubt be much hard marching, if not hard fighting. The population is computed to be the thickest in India, numbering more than 300 to the square mile, a density unknown even in England. The Sepoys, too, are at home here, Oude having been our chief recruiting ground. We may expect, therefore, that if the rebels will fight anywhere it will be in the region towards which they are now flocking. But that they may fight is exactly what we ought to desire. Better far that they should be cut down in battle than that they should disperse themselves over the country to murder and rob. We may reckon now that we have the whole brood in the toils. That the peasantry have no sympathy with them is pretty clear, and there is reason to believe that whenever they are struck with fear, disband and retreat to their own homes, the country people will be glad, for a reward, to bring them in to the authorities. The day of retribution for all their unprovoked atrocities will then have dawned.
Having secured the co-operation of the nobility and landed proprietors of the neighbouring counties, the citizens of Glasgow find themselves able to carry on their movement in favour of banking laxitywithout any additional foreign interference. The opinions expressed at the meeting of Thursday last were even more undisguised than those to which on a previous occasion two Dukes and several noblemen and county members gave their sanction and adhesion. When a house of cards is on the point of falling a steady hand may sometimes succeed in the insertion of a fresh support in lieu of one which has given way; but, though the collapse may for a time be averted, the fabric is, after all, a house of cards. The efforts which are made for the resuscitation of the Western Bank owe their chance of success to the great number of persons who are directly or indirectly involved in the catastrophe. The culprits depend on the hope of showing that their victims have a common interest with themselves, and many who have no immediate connexion with the delinquent establishment have nevertheless strong personal motives in averting its fall. The Duke of HA=Tof, the Duke of MoNTRosE, Lord EGLUTTOUv, and Lord Bmn.&vsi are probably neither shareholders nor depositors in the Western Bank, and they have certainly no commercial bills to discount. When, however, they take credit for their liberality In accepting Western Banknotes in payment of their rents, it might be |worth while to inquire how largely those securities are held by their tenantry. It is better to accept doubtful notes than to receive no rent for the half-year; and, if the character of the suspicious paper can be restored by public declarations of confidence, the judicious landlord can scarcely grudge the trouble of appearing before a Glasgow audience to support his own interest as well as that of his neighbours. The most materinl statement which was made at the former meeting consisted in the assertion that an examination of the Bank accounts showed a surplus of nearly two millions. It is remarkable that this important allegation was not repeated during the discussion on Thursday last. The speakers dwelt on the dangerlof further! bankruptcies, on the impending ruin of innocent shareholders, and generally on the commonplaces which are equally applicable to all occasions on which a Joint-stock Bank may suspend payment. A large available balance of assets over liabilities would have superseded any less forcible argument. The question is not as to the best mode of promoting the prosperity of Glasgow, but whether the Bank is able to pay its debts. There is an amusing impudence in the claim set up in the name of the mercantile community to "the enjoyment of the usual banking "facihties." Tottering rfizm have, it seems, a vested interest in the deposits which had been intrustedto the good faith of the Western Directors. In other words, the creditors of the Bank are to run new risks for the benefit of strangers in the hope of securing impunity to their immediate debtors. The most elaborate phrases cannot conceal the fact that a large amount of money has disappeared, and that some of those who are connected with the Bank as members or as customers must bear the loss. The moral responsibiiity remains with the Directors, the legal liability falls on the shareholders, the ulterior consequences wil necessarily be felt by the coramercial body. Under these circumstances, the three classes of sufferers judiciously determine to transfer the entire burden to the owners of deposits. The holders of notes are not safe objects of plunder. UJnlems the issues can still be kept out the Bank doors must be closed, and the various parties involved must abide by the position in -which they found themselves at the original stoppage. It is therefore thought desirable to transfer the entire risk and loss to the comparatively helpless depositors. To that class of creditors an offer is made of paymaent at the end of eighteen months, to, be secured by negotiable documents bearing a somewhat high rate of interest. During the interval the depositors will have the satisfaction of knowing that they are furniihing their speculative neighboius with *s the " usual banking facilities." If trade should proeper during a year and a-half it is not unlikely that their claims may be paid in ful, and at the worst they will then have Tlheir remedy against individual shareholders. A forced loan of four or five millions is the remedy which Scotch acuteness has discovered for a discreditable bankruptcy. It seems not unlikely that the unfortunate depositors may be menaced or cajoled into acquiescence with the terms which are approved by " the nobility, " geatry, and merchant princes of the community." They will have their reward in reportx of satisfactory rent-days fertile in e.-notee, as well as in the continued prosperity of princely merchants accommodated with unlimited discounts. If the creditors of the Westernc Bauk are will ling to submit to the diotation of thekr dobtors the arrangement principally concerns themselves; but the citizens of Glasgow are not contented with an injustice confined to a portion of their own body. Mr. DAGLISH, one of the members for the city, in proposing the appointment of a deputation to confer with the Treasury, boldly avowed the purpose of the application. "Although," he said, "I shonld not be prepared to go to Govern"iment and ask them for any assistance to re-esta"blish our Banks, I think we have a fair claim upon "Government to render us assistance, if necesMsary, to maintain or feed our people." And again,-" I think we might safely go forward to " the Government, and ask them, if funds should "be necessary, that they should afford us some "assistance,--ome means in our present state "to carry on the business of our large "manufactiring concerns." A phrase familiar to the readers of Scotch novels, expressing the reverse of delicate shyness, is suggested by this stupendous proposal "Mr. DALGLIsH, ye are no "b late," would be the inevitable answer of one of his countrymen to a demand like that preferred for ansistance from the public resources. It is hardly necessary to remark that the sums granted by Government for the maintenance of the people and for the support of Glasgow factories would, according to the intention of the applicants, be administered by the hands of the Joint-stock Bank-s, including the suspended establishments, MIr. DALoisH is so confident in the pliability of the Government that he has no hesitation in reproving the Ministry for the want of liberality which they have hitherto displayed. He reminds the meeting that when the former deputation went to London Messrs. MAcDoNA.D and Messrs. Jomr MoNTEIrn and Co. were in great difficulties, and that the Western Bank was believed to be largely involved in their losses. " Deputations repre"sented the evil effects that would follow if the "distrust continued, and urged upon the Govern" ment or the Bank of England to do some"thing to relieve the state of the money" market." Government refused. In a subsequent sentence Mr. DALGGsH admits that the firms which he had mentioned had been trading without sufficient capital. Eis complaint therefore amounts to a statement, that the Government was asked to relieve a Bank from the consequences of advances made to unsound trading establishments. The bankruptcy of firms which are likely to pay a shilling in the pound is attributed to the official obstinacy which withheld timely relief. Messrs. DEN-NmTouN afterwards succumbed, not to the consequences of their own misconduct, but to the entire cessation of remittances from America. " The suspension," says Mr. DALGLSHi, " arose from the bankruptcy of a nation,-from the total failure of the "whole American nation to pay their debts." The result is to be deplored, but surely it was not the business of the British Treasury to pay the debts of a foreign nation? Banks which always pay interest on deposits involve one element of insecurity from which English private Banks are exempt. Money held on such terms must always be employed in loans and discounts, whether such operations are secure or otherwise. There is a temptation to obtain high interest in consideration of doubtful security, and to push advances when the demand for assistance is slack. For this reason, independently of the facilities offered to fraud and laxity, Jointstock Banks require vigilant and constant supervision. In various parts of the kingdom they have tended to injure legitimate traders Lby the facilities they have afforded to competitors speculating on borrowed capital. There is no pretext for the demand that they should be relieved at the public expense from the consequences of any misconduct which they may commit. The case of Scotch Banks differs in the additional culpability which attaches to rash or dishonest management. By the law and practice of Scotland trust funds are commonly invested in Bank shares, so that the proportion of innocent shareholders is peculiarly large. A still more important distinction consists in the circumstance that the entire local circulation is furnished by the notes of the Jointstock Banks. The managers of the Western Bank, in addition to gambling with the property of their depositors, have frittered away the security on which a large part of the population depended. In answer to the demands of the Glasgow deputation the CxANCELTzOP of the ExCHEQUER may possibly suggest the question whether, under the existing law, the Western Bank has not already bv its suspension forfeited its power of issue. If the result of the inquiry should confirm the doubt, there can be no pretext for a renewed grant of an exceptional privilege to an establishment guilty of gross misconduct.
Oar University intelligence has recently reported certain discussions at Cambridge in which principles of great importance to academical endowments are directly involved. The point at issue posseases no great novelty, having been fiercely debated in the controversies attending the Oxford University Bill, but the particular example now before us will be regarded with a very lively interest by a large class of readers. In the year 1 647 JonN, Lord CRAvNx, bequeathed 1001. a-year for the maintenance of two poor scholars at each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge. The recipients of the benefaction were to be chosen at either place by the Vice-ChanceUor, the five Regius Professors, and thePublic Orator, but, except in so far as anyinference maybe drawn from this selection of electors,no directions were given about the qualifications to be exacted from the candidates. They were simply to be " poor scholars," a preferential title being reserved for any of the founder's name and kin who might be found among the indigent applicants. At first, the will of the testator was probably executed in pretty close accordance with his conception, but in the course of years the application of the endowment at Cambridge underwent very material modifications. Decrees of law based on the improvement of the trust property raised the scholarships from two to five in number, and from 251. to 751. in yearly value, while usage graduaUy substituted a classical examination of a very high standard for the original patronage of the electors. In the end these pensions came to represent some of the most conspicuous of University honours. Being open to all students of all Colleges alike they created at once extraordinary competition and extraordinary exceUence, until at length Lord CIAvxes " poor scholars" became simply the greatest classical proficients of the University for the time being, and the list of their names, instead of merely denoting students of small means, furnished one of the most distinguished catalogues which Cambridge could produce. Lord MACAuLAY, Lord LYrTErToN, Bishop BOmRiEDs, Bishop TnHMw,wn, Bishop OLLIvAhT, and a score of names scarcely less celebrated, appear among the scholars successively elected, and it would be diflicult, perhaps, to find any record of academical preferments presenting such uniform brilliancy. All this timae, however, the charitable directions of the founder survived in the letter of his will without alteration, and when, therefore, the progress of reforms recently instituted brought this trust, among others, before the University for revision, it was very sensibly proposed to bring statute into accordance with practice by overtly rescinding the provision which gave poverty its claims. The recommendation tbua nakedly made provoked remonstrances by no meanx unnatural, and it hua been urged that where the intention of the founder was so plain, and the purpose so useful, there could be no juatification for setting his direetions aside. That for such expostulation good warrant is to be found we readily admitn; but it is impossible, we think, to deny, that as things now stand the literal execution of the original trust would be attended with great embarrassment and doubtful advantage, while the application which the endowment has insensibly received has conferred incalculable benefit upon the university and its studies. The trust mnight be interpreted either as favouring poverty absolutely, or as designed to asuist indigence when accompanied by merit. If the former of these assumptions is insisted on the case Will drop presently to an absurdity. It would be impossible to proclu an academical premium for penury, or to employ the funds and machinery of a dignified corporation in classifying examples of destitution, and allotting rewards to the most extreme. If poverty alone is to constitute merit the greatest deserts will, of course, be represented by the most absolute want, and, as a man in debt is certainly poorer than one who is merely pennilesm, the strongest clnim to a UJniversity scholarship might be found in overwhelming obligations. It is not probable, however, that this view of the ease, though it might be difflcult to evade it if the letter of the bequest were put forward as the sole rule of action, would ever be seriously pressed, but the obstacles are nearly as serious when pecuniary need and scholastic promise are to be taken into consideration together. The union of these qualifications, though it might exist often enough in reality, could never be systematically ascertained. The opportunity of turning the scale by giving a preponderance either to one of these claims or the other would leave the examiners without any sure guidance, and the University without any calculations on which it could depend. The examination, as a test of scholarship, would be destroyed at once, for no candidate could be expected to work when the superiority which he had acquired by years of toil could be demolished by the proof that he possessed 501. more than his competitor. Nor could the degree of poverty entitling a man to preference be more easily defined, Of the men who come up to the UTniversity 19 out of every 20, at the least, are in one sense indigent, for they depend entirely upon their parents or relations for support. To determine the extent to which this support could really be afforded might be a task possible in the case of a College tutor or a board of local trustees, but it would be next to impracticable in the case of seven public examiners totally unacquainted with the circumstances of the candidates. Poverty is essentially a comparative term, and admits of any caprice of interpretation. Assign a prize to the best eeholar, and the best scholar wiU get it; assign it to the candidate who may be regarded as the most deserving from his abilities and circuumatances comoined, and nobody can tell what direction the appointments may take as the matter slumbers and time rolls on. On the other hand, so signal have been the advantages of this trust to the University, as recently administered, that it may be questioned if a like sum of money ever gave such an impulse to learning before. Every vacancy in the scholarships attracts from 50 to 100 competitors, whose studies and aptitudes are thus annually quickened by the best possible discipline and practice. Of course, not a fourth part of the number can even hope to be successful, but aU reap the benefit of the trial. The honour of success, as we have before observed, is proportionately high, and if Lord CRAvEN's benefactions have not been the means of supporting poverty in the fashion which he intended, they have conduced to the elevation of scholarship and the renown of the foundation in a manner of which he never dreamt. This contrast, however, of the two systems by no means exhausts the question practically at issue. The condition of poverty is not attached to Lord CRAVEN's scholarships alone; it affects more or less nearly every endowment in the two Universities, and it could only be enforced at the cost of the whole character which these institutions have in modern times assumed. The dignity, responsibility, and profit of academical management have become attached to Fellowships originally founded for the support of the indigent, and so long as Fellows of Colleges represent, as they do now, not the poorest, but the ablest members of the community, the system can be very well justified. If, however, the letter of old statutes is to be pressed, and poverty is to receive the preference intended for it, the whole course of things must be altered, and Colleges would sink to the level of almshouses. Indigence is undoubtedly no reproach, but it can certainly be no title to honour or power. It deserves assistance, but it cannot possibly merit distinction; and the most that could be said under such a system of a Fellowship or a Scholarship would be, that it was no disgrace to its possessor. At present a University Scholarship, such as the CRAVEN, is a passport and title to any scholastic preferment in the country; no better, in fact, would ever be asked, even for the highest posts. Assign the reward to poverty only, and the appointment becomes valueless, except for its money returns. The very list, indeed, of the scholars should be terminated, for no student would desire it to be put on permanent record that he, upon examination being instituted, was found to be poorer than any of his contemporaries. It has been observed, with some reason, that if Lord CRnAvm's distinct provisions in this respect were set aside his example would never be followed by others, and the spring of such benefactions would be dried up; but the disadvantage would perhaps not be so great as it may appear. The strongest argument, after all, in defence of the present practice is, that it has been the insensible result of social changes, and the effect of influence arising from the course of things ina the world. The appointment of " poor "s cholars" would never have ceased if the day o' such applicants had not naturally passed away. The University adapted itself mechanically to the wants of the times, proceeding, not by abrupt legislation, but by involuntary deviations from old course to new; nor is it likely that the actual result would ever have provoked complaint, except for the appeal accidentally made to the original statute. Few readers, we think, will be of opinion that the change has been other than a beneficial one. Lord CRAvEN's benefactions may occasionally falt to those who could well dispense with the assistance, but even in the most extreme case of this kdnd it can be no disadvantage to soiety at large that means have been found of stimulating the opulent and the noble to exertions which in earlier times were made by the necessitous alone.
THE Aus3TiuLiA MAms.-The European, with the London mail of August, did not reoch Melbourne untU October 13, which was seven days behind her time, consequently the replies by the Simla will merely be from that city and immediate locality, as there were only 43 hours between the receipt of the home lettrs at Melbourne and the dexpatchof the Simla on October 15, while the colo. iles of New South Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, and the priclipal country towns of Victoria, were not la DOSsesson of their desepatohes prior to the Simla leaving. rhe receipt of the present intelligenoe from Austrnll, by the Sinl is the shortes onrecord. Theperiodbetwe her de. partur, from Port Yhilllp HIead and the delivery of the m inIfindon was only forty da.-ler journey out wa 1kewlse effected in some days lees than the contrt time showing learly that the malls can be duly earried wmthin the prescribed peiod, if vsels of roper sped ad poeii be empboyed.-Mimn Ji"rni of LT'
LATEST INTELLIGENCE OPENING OF THE FRENCOI LEGISLATIVE BODY. At the opening of the Legislative Corps on &tur. day, M. Fould, Minister of State, rea the following communication from the Emperor - " Gentlemen Deputies,-Aacording to the terns of t, 46th Article of the Constitution the legiativ, Beiy elected after a disolution muxt be convoked witbin the term of six months. It is in accordsnoe with that laW that His MAjesty call you together to.day bfore it was possibl, to complete th prepantion of the Billsh WIll be brought before you. " The Emperor has ordered mo to Inform you that the verification of Powers and the constitution of the LeIhda tlve Body will be the object of this first meeting6 The legislative Corps will then be prorogued to the 1Sth Q January next for the destch of public buineus. " In the name of the Emperor I deehre the essn of the Legislative Corps for 1858 opened." Count de MIorny, President of the Legisative Body, then addressed the Aembly as follows .- Gentlemen,-I am happy at finding myself once more among you, and proud at being again called to this chair, espedallry if the choice His Majesty has made of me meek with Tour approbation. What greater happiness can there be than that of presiding ovr n assembly which diacusn freely and oonscientiously the laws of the country, sai epia&ly when that country is France? (Applause.) In like manner as the finest buildings are beet viewed at a certain distance, so It is in like manner, at a distance from France, one is best enabled to judge how great is her position abroad, and what admiration and respect the So. vereign who govern Inpires to all mem (Loud applause.) "The loyal, and at the same time firm and moderte policy which has been followed has replaced abroad the old prejudices which were entalned towards us by oon. fidence and by sympathy, so that if absenoe has its sorrows consolation may yet be found while afar off in that senti. ient of national pride which every true Frenchman carries in his heart. (Applaue) " At home, having so hAppUy traversed severe trlals4 when peace was established, the series of bad harvests over 'were about to give us repose and profperity, the reaction of an unexampled finacial crisis has fallen upon our labour and Industry. " The establishments of credit andErench commerce now prove their solidity and gather the frult of their prudenoe. France, after three snucoessve loans, after three years of canty harvests, having followed up the execution of public works, having endowed Paris with wonderful monuments, is not touched by the disasters which afflct so many other Seates. All this indicates prodigious resouroes, and must give to the whole world a high Idea of her power. "Let Us hope that this crisis WIll be of short duration. "The solicitude of the Emperor for the popular interests cannot faU to dissipate alarm; the Emperor must also rely upon us. Was it notwe owho seconded his efforts in daysof difficulty? Did not we enthusiastically vote all the me. Noeas of publio interest brought forward by his Government and did we not communicate to the country the enthu an by which we ourselves were animated ? "Letusremain faithful tothe prlnciples which guided the preceding Legisature; let us not deviate from thst policy, tho programme of which was that real Independeonce doe5 not consist either in blind approval or in constant opposi. tion; that harmony of the great powers of the State is the primary condition of public quiet, and that the most per. feot constitution cAnnot work without the wisdom of main (Loud approbation.) Gentlemen, nations at times award moments of favour to those who flatter them, but they only awrard lasting gratitude to those who serve their true Interests." This speech (says the MUrniteur) was followed by repeated cries of " Vivi l'Empereur." SPAIN. (By SUBMARINE AID BRBIESH TEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegram from our Parb correspondent:- " PARIS, SU]NDAY, Nov. 29, 1 P.m. "The QueeD of Spain was happily delivered of a Prince at 10 o'clock ast night."
AMWE3ICA. (BY ELECTRIC AND INTERNATIONAL TELEGR"]P) LIVERPOOL, Nov. 29. The Canada has arrived with advices from Boston to the 17th, and 101,704 dollars and 15,0001. in specie. She passed the Niagara on the 19th. The City of Washington arrived at New York on the 16th. The following despatch has been telegraphed from Washington to Boston:- " The War Department to-day received some highly interesting official despatches, including a proclamation of Brigham Young, declaring martial law m Utah. "Heeolhiinshisright todosobyvirtue of his authority as Governor of the territory and superintendent of Indian affairs, not having been suspended from exerclsin his functions, and, by virtue of his power under the Trritorial Organic Aot, he expressly forbids the United States troops entering the territory without his authority for doing so, and complains that the Mormons have not been treated as American citizens, aud that the Government of the United States has acted on misrepresentattons, the object being to drive theMormonsfrom the territory. The lAngaage of the proclamation is emphatically in hostility to the authority of the United States, and is regarded here as a deolaration of war. " When Colonel Alexander was within 30 mines of Fort Bridger, which place is occupied by Mormon troops, he re ceived a letter from Brigham Young through the commander of the Nauvoo Legion, warning the troo,P out of the territory, but saying if hey desired etoremain till spring they mightdo so, provided theygave up their arms and ammunition, but they mustthen leave. In the meantime he woould see that they were furnished with provisions. The letter ws accompanied by two copies of the proclamation, and a copy of the laws of Uthh. The commander teLls Colonel Alex. ander that he is at the fort to carry out Young's instrctions, and expresses tho hope that Colonel Alexander's answer and actions will be dictated by a proper respect for the rights and liberties of American ctizens. "1 Colonel Alexander, in his reply, dated October 2, says he has given Young's communication hia attentive consideration, and will submit the letter to the General Commanding as soon as he arrives here (meaning the Camp, Winfield, on Hams Fork). 'In the mean time,' he adds, I I have to say that the troops are here by the order of the President of the United States, and their further movements will depend entirely upon the orders issued by a competent authority.' Among the documents Is a letter from Colonel Johnston, dated from the ' Camp of the Three Wings of the SweetWater,' addressedto 'Adjutant-General WCoweIl. Near York,' in which he coniirms the burning of the contractor's trains by the Mormons. Ha says the Governor's escort is four days' march behind him with two companies of dragoons. He knows of no reason whyColonel Alexander should attempt to reach Salt Lake by Bear River, excepting from feartbat$he Mormuons have burnt the grass on the shorter route, which they are reported to have done.' He adds, ' If I could communicate with Colonel Alexander I would direct him to take up a good position for the winter at Hams Fork; the road is beset between this and Hams Fork with companies of Mormons, so it is doubtful If I shall be able to communicate with Colonel Alexander.' It is supposed at the War Department that the troops are all in good condition, as nothing to the contray is said in the despatches." The steamship S. Louis had arrived at New York with the California mails and $1,176,000 on freight. Mining matters were in a prosperous condition. The Vigilance Committee had revoked the penalties attached to the sentences of banishment pronounced by them. Lord Napier had publicly notified through the British Consul that subscriptions on behalf of the Indian Relief Fund would be received. Yrissari, the Nicaragaan Mnister, had been introduced by General Cass to the President, who re. ceived from him his credentials as Minister Plenipo-. tentiary and Envoy Extraordinary from Nicaragua. The Washington correspondent of th3e N6t Yor-: Courier and Enquirer says:- " There is little, it any, doubt that the treaty long since proposed between the United States and Nicaragua waa slgned to-day at the State Department by Generl Cass ad Senor Yrissari. The trasit route Is to be protected by United States' troops In the event of Nicaragua-being unable to do so in consequenoe of foreign invuon, civii insmrotion, or other domesio cause, but with the return of peoe the troops ar to be withdrawn. It is furtber sid tht a 'free port' is gua teed at eaeh end of the line. It protects no compazy by name, but provides for the proteoetion of any ompanEy, having an existing valid vant to be determined by Nicaragua, which shall reooRniSe the obliga tion of this treaty, and teh Government of Nicargua has, through its Minister, dsigified to that of the Uniied States in writing fhat the only company having such valid grant is the Aerican Atlantic and Pacifi Canal Company created by Nicaragus." The Washington correspondent of the New Yor7; Times says-, "A treaty has been made by the Adminisration with Nicaragua, the transit route to be thrown open to all nations on the same terms, our Government to seze Walker where. ever they can iind him, ad bring him back to the United SMtes ; the lake boats te be transferred to tbh NewTrasis company. " XLinister will shortly be appointed for Niearagua, who wiligo out with Sir William Gore Onaels Jy, lee, formerly of Texas, sad Co-lonel ugbes of %arylan, are spoken of in oonnexion with the appointment IILIrd alea, on bbal of dbix GOewutu mad, CQw
IND IA* By the arrival of the Overland Mail we have received our prirate correspondence and files of papers, from Calcutta to the 22d of October, and from Bombay to the 3d of November. Our letters are as follows:- (ThOM OUa OWN COBISPONDMNT.) " CALCUTTA, OCT. 22. "With this mail youwll probablyreceive General Wilson's account of the capture of the Palace and the King of DelhL Tt has been suppressed in this country, and will not be published till after the departure of the mail. The object of this proceeding is, doubtless, to secure to the Cabinet the earliest information. The practice, however, is injurious, and should be stopped by the President of the Board. It creates a feeling of uneasiness, as no merchant is able to calculate the probable effect of despatches he has not seen. Trade ls sufficiently embarrassed already without the addition of artificial uncertaintiea. For the rest, the information before the public is decidedly satisfactory. The Golden Fleece, the Thebes, and the Columbia bave arrived, and the remainder are expected daily. A great depOt of Europeans is to be formed at Barrackpore. Five thousand men will be encamped on the Calcutta maidan (plain), and about that number at Raneegunge. As soon as these arrangements are completed security will be re-established in the metropolitan counties. Travelling up the Grand Trunk Road, we find that order has been re-established at Hazareebagh and throughout the greater portion of Chota Nagpore. Bands, rather of Dacoits than rebels, bowever, still harass the valley of the Soane, and, strange to say, a portion of another regiment, after all hope of success had disappeared, mutined and murdered its officers. Two companies of the 32d were stationed at Deoghur, in the Santhal district. They werebelieved to be faithful, and retained their arms. On the 9th of September, however, Lieutenant Cooper, then in command, was shot at on parade. Lieutenant Cooper, Mr. Ronald (the Deputy Commissioner), Lieutenant Rannie, and perhaps one Sepoy fled into a house. The house was immediately set on fire, its inmates driven out andImurdered, under a shower of balls. Lieutenant Rannie, however, was saved by a havildar, who was wounded in his defence, and is now safe at Bhaugulpore. The body of Lieutenant Cooper was then chopped up, the treasury plundered, and the mutineers set off for the Grand Trunk Road. It is believed they will be met by Her Majesty's 13th, just sent up by railroad. Lieutenant Cooper was remarkable for his attachment to his men, in whose sports he often shared, offering prizes to the successful. The fact increases the horror of the event, but in truth the power of feeling horror has died out of us. After hearing of an English girl found hanging by the hair in Nana Sahib's palace, with her flesh sliced from her bones by swords, the murder of an officer seems almost nothing. In truth, it excites no feeling whatever, aU sympathies being swallowed up in a craving, burning thirst for vengeance. In Behar the position of affairs remains as before, the scattered parties of mutineers pressing slowly northward, evidently to reach districts where the population are more sympathetic. Ameer Ali, the Mussulman appointed by Mr. Ealliday, with the sanction of theGovernmentof India, to put down theMussulman movement In Patna, has, itis said, resigned. Another Mussulman will probably be appointed as a " measure of conciliation." It is impossible to describe to you the feeling with which these appointments are received by Europeans, official and non-official. Still proceeding northward, we find Benares still safe under the protection of some Europeans and a Madras regiment. Her Majesty's 53d, or rather a wing of that corps, is clearing the road thence to Allahabad. A more important movement is, however, in progress, to describe which I must carry you further northward. "After the fall of Delh General NVilsondespatched a column under Colonel Greathed in pursuit of the fugitives. Marching rapidly southward, on the 5th of October he came across the Gwalior mutineers, then meuacing Agra. He cut them up, inflicting a loss of 500 men and 11 guns. On the 10th he reached Agra, and was attacked again by the mutineers, reinforced by the Delhi fugitives, but the enemy were repulsed with immense slaughter, and dliven headlongas far as the Kharee. Fewparticulars have reached ua, but it is presumed that this victory has finaUy relieved Agra. A second body of fugitives madeforOude, asl reportedlast mail, but theirarlival at Bithoor was notified to the British at Cawnpore. The officer in command, Colonel Wilson, sallied out with a very small force, attacked and routed the enemy, but was unable to attempt a pursuit. In aU these engagements the want of European cavalry is bitterly felt. The mutineers display the poltroonery which might be expected from their cruelties, but they march fast, and in this war slaughter, not mere dispersion, is our main object. They are as dangerous in smal parties as in great bodies, and in this country no man forgets that the scoundrels are murderers running from the gallows. Cawnpore itself is believed to be safe, and, strange to say, the road between that place and Lucknow seems to be open. At all events, a great convoy of provisions, guarded by only 250 men, reached the Alumbagh in safety. General Havelock, with about 1,000 men, and all the women and children, is believed to be with or near (for accounts differ) General Outram, who, with 1,500 men, is in Lucknow itself. Sinister rumours of all kinds are floating about, but I believe they are wholy without foundation. General Outram can hold Lucknow, though he is fearfully outmatched, and he has received provisions and ammunition. I question if there is a force in Oude which will attack this party while General Havelock is alive, but an accident to him might alter the position of affairs. The Sepoys, like lail other Asiatics, hold the death of a leader a signal for victory, and invent all kinds of rumours to that effect. You wiU very likely hear many such, but they were up to the latest accounts merefalsehoods. Eventhe storyof GeneralHavelock's sickness rests apparently on native talk. There is a statemaent circulated that General Havelock is cut oft from communication with General Outram, but this appears improbable. All that is certain I3, that Outram waits eagerly the advance of Colonel Greathed'm column. General Wilson remains still in Delhi, but he has appointed Colonel Burn Military Governor, and another officer Governor of the Palace. I can give you no news from the Punjab, as my intelligence comes vid Bombay, and your Bombay correspondent will anticipate me. Indeed, he ought to have the latest information from the North-West, as the roads to Western India are open and the post still travels ; our poet does not, except on Government account, and Government will give no detailed information to any one. " The moral effect of the fall of Delhi has been great, but we are still too few to strike great blown No great body of troops can be available for another month, and even then there will be great difficulty in finding carriage. The Government is adopting every expedient in its power to collect means of transport. The zemindars have been requested to furnish elephants, and bullock carriages are building in Calcutta. This will, however, be the great diffi. culty, and it ought to be xupplied from England. It is not too late even now. We want a dozen little steamers, regular Thames ferryboats, and 5,000 light vans, with covers, and wheels of iron without tir. It in difficult in places to mend tired wheels. A few thousand tents, too, would be very much in. place, if sent in swift steamers. It has been suggested that Govenment might neiz@ al prlvvt. or riages, and compel every zemindar to give up his el-phants ; but all revolutionary energy is wanting. The Press Law is still in active operation. The Calcutta papers have been warned for republishing articles from the Press, and the Friend of India was compelled to expurgate Ut'e Times of the 31st of Aulgust. It contained a supposition that religion might be at the bottom of the Sepoy cruelties, which is strictly the truth, but is calculated to interfere with religious prejudices. The Government is on this point strangely sensitive. You are aware that by law the publication of a Bible is now a penal offence, punishable by seizure of the presses. Of course the lav is not enforced in such caFes, but it exists, to tlhe contempt of the natives. No native journal has been warned, much less supprezsed, and I enclose a copy of the Biudoo Patriot, a native journal, whose railing against the English is not even noticed. I am told, but I do not personally know, that the Christians of Krisbnaghur recently offered to supply cooliea for the army, who are much wanted. Their petition was rejected because they applied not as subjects, but as Christians. I enclose my authority for the story. No one here believes that religion had anything to do with the revolt, and this is perhaps the place to give you the belief of the community on that point. " The revolt is in their opinion a great Mussulman conspiracy, organized by - (I give the name privately). This individual, partly by working on their religious feelings, partly by large bribes and larger promises, secured the principal Mussulmans of most regiments. They industriously spread the report that Lord Canning intended to convert the Hindoos, and that the Enfield cartridges were intended to break the caste, and so render further measures easy. Having succeeded in obtaining the support of the influential Hindoos, they proceeded to plan the massacre of the European=. Every European in Bengal was to have perished on the night of the centenary of Plassey. The preparations were nearly complete, when General Hewett's blunders at Meerut saved the empit_. But for the mutineers' success at Meerut not a European could have survived to tell the tale. 1By the mercy of God the telegraph was in existence, and in a few hours the danger was understood from Peshawur to Travancoro. You know the rest, but I must also record the universal belief that unless the vengeance of England is as mighty as the crime our Sicilian vespers may yet be repeated. " The Government, I believe, isstillof opinion that the movement has been a sudden and unintelligible burst of fanaticism. In that case two circumstances remain unexplained. First, the juncture of Mussulmans and H[indoos; secondly, that the native Christians, except at Delhi, have not suffered. The people of Jaunpore, moreover, have offered voluntarily to rebuild the mission church and schools, and in no proclamation issued by natives is there any mention whatever of the missionaries. " N o plan whatever has yet been announced here for the reorganization of the army. It is not believed, however, that Government will object to the ' English' plan, or will attempt to rehabilitate the Sepoy force. The great difficulty will be the pressure of class interests upon Government, and the existence of a desperate conflict of opinion among its officers. The result will be inaction, unless orders are issued from England so clear as to require obedience instead of discussion. "At present public opinion is concentrated on the question of vengeance. The following sentences from the Friend of India are understood to represent the universal idea:- I 1. That in districts under martial law, and during actual warfare, the loss of life and property should be regu. lated by military necessities alone. *2. That every mutineer who has taken up arms or quitted his ranks should die. " ' 3. That every rebel who has taken up arms should die. *§ 4. That in every village where a European has been murdered, a telegraph cut, or a daLk stolen, a swift tribunal should exercise summary justice. ' 5. That every village in which a European fugitive has beer. insulted or refused add should be heavily fined.' " It is believed the Government measure will fall short of this as regards the villagers, but not as regards the mutineers. There is as yet no sign of Lord Canning's intentions, but I do not believe that upon this point he wil be found wanting. It is, however, impossible to tell, as the policy of Government varies every week. The Disarming Act has not been put in force. When it is, it is believed that whole classes wiU be exempted from its operation. If they are the measure is nugatory. If anybody can buy weapons except Europeans they wiU soon be as common as at present. Who is to decide how many revolvers a Bengalee Zemindar ought to have ? "'The greatest difficulty now pressing on Government is the disposal of the disarmed mutineers. There are more than 20,000 men in this position. One party would put them to death as mutineers; another, and a much larger one, would send them to the Andaman Isles; a third talks of disbandment; a fourth, of reorganization. The-views of Government are not known, but it is most improbable that these men will ever again be trusted. One or two regiments may, but the remainder must at least be dismissed. At present they are drawing pay for detaining European troops in inconvenient positions. This, however, is not the fault of the Administration. Govermment cannot issue its decree until the European troops have arrived. " P.S.-Sumbhulpore has been seized by a man named Sunder Shah, a released convict, with 1,000 ruffians, not Sepoys. It is this disorganization which is so dangerous, more so even than the mutiny. There is a report that the troops of the Rajah of Travancore have shown symptoms of disaffection, but it requires confirmation. The precise number of men slain and wounded at Delhi stands as follows :-During the aesault, 1,170 men, 66 officers; during the siege and assault, 4,000 men, 220 officers. The original force was only 3,000 mea and 160 officers, and the number of officers never reached 400. This statement will enable you to perceive how neceseary incessant reinforcements have become. Ocr. 23. " Thelatestintselgencereoeivedconfimste tatements given above. The two divisions of the Luck- now force have, it seems certain, effected a junction, and General Outram has now therefore some 2,300 men with him in the Residency. This force is strong enough to defy any native enemy, but it is doubtful if it is sufficiently provisioned. A desperate attack on the Queen7s palaw, headed by Outram himself, seems to have been repulsed, and the British force now remains for the roment inactive. Round them lie Immense bands of armed Sepoys and peasantry, numbering in the aggregate at least 40,000 men. With one exception, every landholder in Southern Oude has declared against the British, not from any dislik% for the same men saved British officers ; but from a desire to share the spoils of a falling dynasty. If General Outram has or can obtain provisions he may hold out for any time; if not, he must cut his way to Cawnpore sword in hand, with, I fear, frightful loss. Colonel Greathed ha gone into Agra again. Thence he proceeds to Mynpoorie, and so to Cawnpore. But he cannot hope to reach Lucknow much before the end of this month, and meanwhile men, soldiers especially, must eat. There is no force t') send to his aid, except this column, and the whole question turns on its arriving in time. " The Rewah Rajah, it is reported, though still faithful, has fled from his palace to some fort. The political agent, lioutenant Otsborne, is therefore left alone. His position and oonduct me m uwveieut illustration of the scenes taking place all over India. He is a young Madras officer, and till this outbreak but little known to any one. He is now living in Rewah in a tent without a single companion, without a friend within a hundred miles. He is so ill with liver complaint that he cannot lie down, taking rest only in a chair. He has no guard, no soldiers, sentries, or reliable servants. Every day and aight the soldiery surround his tent, threatening to put him to death by torture. He admits their power, but tells them he can take at least six lives before he dies. And so, day by day, there he lives, sick almost unto death, all alone, and with murderers all round, confident only that his duty is to remain at his post, and that God is above him still. It is not such men as these that Sepoys can subdue. So magical,indeed, is the influence of character, that to this moment Lieutenant Osborne, the sole European alive in Rewah, is felt by the natives to be at least a match for the regiment around-him. To this hour, therefore, they are willing, when not stopped by force, to convey his mnessages and obey his commands. "Two more companies of the 32d Native Infantry have mutinied at Rampore Hat. Their officers got away safely. The remaining companies at Bowsee have demanded to be led against the mutineers,-a somewhat dangerous experimen'. BOMBAY. (mFROM ov OWN COnRESPOND}T.) " BOMBAY, Nov. 3. "If the events of the past fortnight which I am now about to narrate to you teem slight in interest and importance by comparison with those which the two mails of last month reported to you, it is because the progress of the work of retribution, now fairly begun, is, under the circumstances, of necessity somewhat tardy. The enemy at Delhi, beaten and broken, but very far from aunihilated, fell back before our advancing columns as day after day and street by street they planted a sure foot upou the revolted city, and when at last our success was complete the rebel hordes were already far on their way in search of other strongholds or fresh centres of insurrection. The movements of their main body were so rapid, and the start it had got so considerable, that it escaped without further damage than it had met with during the assault of the city, and consequently its punishment is for the present deferred. If, however, there has not yet occurred, and was not to be looked for, such a meeting in the fair open plain between the British army and the whole mass of escaped and unpunished mutineers as would annihilate the rebellion in North-Western India, still our prospects continue to brighten, and we have not failed to receive one or two more instalments of that debt of vengeance, the full payment of which we so t agerly and, as we believe, rightfully long for. A considerable body of rebels has been routed in the field with no slight loss. Outram and Havelock maintain themselves at Lucknow. Reinforcements are fast arriving at Calcutta from Eugland, and are being poured up the country. The districts immediately surrounding the recovered capital of the North-West are settling down into order. The Punjab is tranquil; the Madras Presidency undisturbed; while that of Bombay is troubled only by the movements of the aboriginal hill tribes of Gujerat and Kandeish. Thus much of good news have I to tell you, clear almost from any shade of ill, for the days of suffering and of humiliation are ended, and British supremacy, for a while rudely shaken, is reasserting itself with irresistible majesty. " I proceed to survey more in detail the present position of affairs in the various provinces of our Indian empire, and,following the old track, halt first at Delhi. When I wrote lastI toldyou that General Wilson's despatches to the Governor-General were on their way down from the captured city to Calcutta by way of the Punjab and Bombay. A day or two afterwards the officer who had charge of them arrived here, and was at once forwarded on to the seat of the Supreme Government. But, in the meantime, as soon appeared, a native messenger, or cossid, to whom another despatch, written after the assault, but before the final capture of the place, was intrusted, had succeeded, where an Englishman unless very strongly escorted must have failed, in penetrating the disturbed districts between Delhi and Cawnpore. Thus the news of the first successes at Delhi appeared in an authoritative form at Calcutta as early as the 8th of last month, and the Gazette containing the despatch reached you, I imagine, by last mail. It is, therefore, only by way of reminder and recapitulation that I now mention that after six days of open trenches the assault was delivered by four (not, as I previously thought, three) columns and a reserve; that the first column, under Brigadier Nicholson, with 950 men of the 75th, 1st Bengal Fusileers, and 2d Punjab Infantry, carried the breach ox the proper right of the Cashmere; that the second, led by Brigadier Jones, with 850 men from the 8th, 2d BengalFusileers, and 4th Siklis, stormed that on the proper left of the Water Bastion; that the advance of both these bodies of assailants was covered by the 60th Rifles,-men of whose conduct throughout the siege every letter I have seen or heard of from the camp speaks in terms of the highest admiration; that Colonel Campbell, of the 52d, with the third column of 200 of his own regiment and 750 Punjabees and Goorkhas, forced an entrance at the Cashmere-gate, so gallantly blown open by Lieutenants Salkeld and Rome, of the Engineers, as I wrote in my last; that the reserve, under Brigadier Longfield, 1,500 strong, entered subsequently at the various points of assault, and enabled the three other columns to clear the walls and to push on into the city; and that the fourth column, of Goorkhas, the Guides, and the Jummoo Contingent, under MIajor Reid, assaulted, but without success, the Kishengunge suburb, covering the Lahore-gate of the city. The total of killed and wounded on this day in the whole force was considerably above what I had believed it to be, amounting to no less a figure than 1,145. Of this the European lopS as 8 officers and 162 men killed, 52 officers and 510 men wounded, and 10 men missing. Of the natives 103 were killed and 310 wounded. Regarding the progress of the assaulting force between the 14th and the 20th, I have nothing to add to the details contained in my last letter, except in confirmation of the slight amount of loss sstained on the days succeeding that of the assault, which, as I heard from one present, hardly rose above five men a-day. Of the captured city we only hear that it remains a scene of solitude and desolation, The British head.quarters were still in the Palawe, General Penny commanding in place of General Wilson, who, as I mentioned in a postscript to my last letter, had resigned the command in consequenee of faling health, and who has since gone up to the hills on leave to recruit. In the same building, or pile of buildings, remained many of the wounded officers removed thither upon its capture. Strange, yet full of meaning, seemed the heading of a letterwhlch I read a few days ago reporting the progrem towards recovery of one among the sufferers, a very valuable officer,Captain Romser, of the Carabineers-' Palace, Delhi.' Simply, and as a mere matter of course, was given the place of writing of the letter, the locality of the hospital of the wounded Engllsh offierm To that it had come at last through long years of imperial splendour, of squalid dependenee, of debauchery and intrigue, of rebel!lon, and of despair. This was the end of I Mountains of Light and peacock thrones, and marble and Ivory and gold. 'Mene, Mene, Tekel, tpharsin.' "Deserted as it was by Its mutinoua garrlson and by the vast niajority of its inhabitants, it was unxecessay to detain the wlhole British forco within the city. Much of it might be employed to prevent disturbances in other directions or to pursue the rebeLs in their flight to the southward. Thus in early days after the fanl of the place the 52d Light Infantry marched off for the Punjab, probably to be stationed at Lahore or Mooltan, and to contribute to the preservation of peace in the district lying between the two cities. But even before the departure of this corps for the north troops were out, as I mentioned in my last, to the southward. You may remember that our information regarding the movements of the pursuing column or columns was at that time somewhat vague aud conflicting. It soon appeared, however, that Brigadier Showers had taken the right, Colonel Greathed the left bank of the Jumna. The party commauded by the former officer was at first but a small one, and was employed for a special purpose. Moving out of the camp on or about the 26th of September, it proceeded to the tomb of the Emperor Humayoon ; where Hoodson had previously captured and shot the tl ree princes, and the neighbourhood of the Kootub Minar, which was swarming vwith the loose, disorderly rabble that had escaped from the city. At the tomb he was fortunate enough to capture two more sons o£ the King, whose names are given as Mirza Mendu3 and Mirza Bukhtowar Shah. These notable prisoners were tried by a military commission at Delhi and sentenced to death. They were to be shot on the 13th of last month. The King, moreover, is to be tried by a Military Commission, but his life will be safe if it has been assured to him before his surrender or capture, as I wrote in my last. Shortly after this first successful raid a larger force, consisting of the 2d Fusileers, 1st Punjab Infantry, and Kumaon Battalion, with the Carabineers, Gaides, and other Irregnilar Horse, and a field battery, was assembied for service under the Brigadier. On the 1st of October it left the camp, and proceeded into the dlstrict of Goorgaon, immediately in the south-west of Delhi. At the chief town of that district a prominent rebel, named Buktour Singh, was taken and hanged. Moving on to Rewaree it occupied the fort with its magazines and guns abandoned by Tooley Ram, a rebel leader, on its approach. In the neighbourhood of, and still retaining his hold upon ther stTronghold, and engaged in scouring and pacifying the country, with the intention ultimately, perbaps, of bringing to a reckoning the Nawab Jhujhur, our intelligence at present leaves the Brigadier. Returning to Delhi and turning our attention to the northwest, we find General Von Cortlandt at Rhotuk, and all the Hurcianah country rapidly settling down. To the north-east, in the Meerut district, things are no less satisfactory. The revenue of the district is coming in rapidly. The road between Delhi and Meerut is clear, and the horse-dawk traffic upon it has been re-established. So also is the road from Meerut to Agra open, and again frequented by public travelling cars. In this latter case the change from disorder to tranquillity has been mainly brought about by Colonel Greathed's column, whose progress we mustnow follow. In my last I brought his column as far as Boolundshuhur, where on the 2Tth it defeated a body of mutineers, said to be the old Jhansi brigade, with the loss of a few men killed and wounded among the Artillery and 9th Lancers. The fort of Malaghur, evacuated by the rebel Wulleedad Khan, was forthwith occupied and its defences blown up,-an operation which unfortunately cost the life of Lieutenant Home, of the Engineers, one of the heroes of the Cashmere-gate at Delhi The column-of which the strength, by the way, on leavingDelhi was about 2,800 men, with 18 guns-after halting a day or two at the scene of this victory, and despatching its sick and wounded to Meerut, marched on down the Great Trunk-road. On the 5th it reached Allyghur, where opposition was again experienced, but in no formidable degree, the guns of the enemy being only one 4-pounder and two tubes, which had acted in more peaceful times as sockets for the telegraph posts. Thus armed the rebels did not stand an instant, and brealdng into the plain beyond the town were caught and cut up in great numbers by the Lancers and other cavalry, who did not lose a single man. On the 9th the Colonel reached Hatrass, about 30 miles from Agra. At that station his presence was much needed. Three days before, on the 6th, the Indore and Mhow mutineers, so long lying idle at Dbolpore, only 36 miles south-west of Agra, suddenly broke up their camp and marched for the capital. What induced them to take this step is not known with certainty, but it Is said that they were joined by the Neemuch mutineers who escaped from Delhi, and if so they may have been induced to move by the counsels of their new alies. At any rate, to Agra they came. Colonel Greathed pushed on from Hatrass by a forced march, and crossed the Jumna to Agra on the following morning, the 10th. He had hardly pitched his camp when he was attacked by the Dholpore mutineers, perhaps 5,000 men, 1,600 of them cavalry, with 12 guns. It is said, though I think it is doubtful, that the rebels thought they had only the little Agra garrison to deal with. If so, they must have received a terrible surprise. For, although at first they created somie confusion in the camp, and even captured a Horse Artillery gun, their success was but temporary. The gun was retaken by a party of the Lancers, charging in their shirt sleeves, headed by Lieutenants French and Jones of whom the former was killed, the latter despe. rately wounded. The Infantry formed in line and advanced, and the enemy retreated, in an orderly manner at first; then, as the cavalry and Hlorse Artillery pressed them, in the wildest confusion. The rout and the pursuit lasted for 12 miles, as far as the Khara River, which the enemy managed to cross, and which arrested the progress of the wornout horses of the pursuers. But all his guns, ammunition, baggage, andtreasure fell into the hands of the victors, and his loss is computed at not les than 500 men, ours amounting only to 13 killed and 54 wounded. After this brilliant victory, of which the effects would be felt far and wide towards Central India, Colonel Greathed recrossed the Jumna and proceeded to Mynpoorie. Thence he was intending, it is said, to march down by Etawah towards Cawnpore. But it seems, I think, more probable that he wouid cross the Dooab to Furruckabad, and the ruined cantonment of Futtyghur, now lorded over by the Kawab of the place,-a wretch whose deeds of blood have been scarcely inferior in atrocity to those of Nana Sahib. To him it is possible that some of the Delhi fugitives may have betakea themselves. Otherwise they have in all probability crossed the Ganges into Rohilcund. There they would unite with the armed and lawleu Pathans of Bahadoor Khan,-some of whom nearing the hill station of Nynee Tal one day in the middle of September were attacked by a little force of the 66th Goorkhsa, and others got together at the station, and were well beaten,-and prepare to make a final stand against us, either there or in the neighbouring country of Oude. " From Cawnpore we have news down to about the 22d of last month. The station was quiet, and reinforcements were rapidly arriving. On the 18th, Colonel Wilson, hearing that a body of mutineers was gathering at Bithoor, marched upon them with aml force of the 64th, 5th Fusileers and 90th, drove them out of the town, and followed them a mile or two on the road to Sheorajpore. But from Lucknow we have scarcely any f urther intelligence than we had when I clo3ed my latletter. Between that city and Cawnpore the road is greatly beset, or rather between Lucknow and the fortified post of Alumbagh, three milea from it on the Cawnpore-road. Here, whem., marching on Lucknow, Havelock placed his sick ancd wounded and camp followers, -with h powerful guard and in a strong position. From thi point backwards to Cawnpore the road is clear enough. But the three miles that lie between it and thef capital are untraversable except by a strong, force. Hence the deficiency of our intelligence. A long list of the rescued men, women, and children wareceived from General Outram at Calcutta, and he been promulgated. But of the onward progress t{f the army, since the relief of the R'sidency, toward't the complete subversion of the city we know next to nothing. There are rumours of a considerable, loss in officers and men, the former including several of the 90th and two of the 78th, but I hesitate to give their names before the reports receive authoritative corroboration. At the same time we mut expect to hear that our losses have been not inconsiderable, though, of course, I do not for a moment doubt that considerable success has been achieved. Possibly, even, though we do not know such to be the fact, the whole of the city is in our hands. But, if so, Outram must undoubtedly have been considerably crippled, and, though able enough to hold his own, would have to wait for reinforcements before hecould execute his plan of taking or sendingthe women and children back to the safety of Cawnpore. Of the 2,500 men he took over into Oude he left 1,000 at Alumbagh, so that he had at the Residency, including the rescued garrison, about 2,000, with plenty of guns, ammunition, and provisions. ), the n umber of his enemiea we can make no guess but we know they must be very numerous. One Maun Singh alone, who, long thought to be friendly, has now, it appears, turned against us, is aid to have brought into the field 9,000 armed retainers. Nevertheless, be the odds ever so great, there is no fear but that Havelock will hold his own till reinforced, as he shortly will be, by men of the 53d, 93d, 8 2d, and other regiments fast hastening up to the scene of action. The post of Alumbagh has already been strengthened from Cawnpore by 260 men of the 64th, with a convov of provisions. "The province of Behar is feeling the effects of the presence of the increased numbers of English troops who are being passed up every day from Calcutta to Raneegunge by railway, whence they proceed along the Trunk-road for Benares and the upper stations, tending by their march to quiet the districts lately disturbed by the mutiny of the 5th Irregular Cavalry and the Raigurh Battalion. The movements of the former of these corps and of the rebel leader, Oomer Singh, remain uncertain. It is supposed that when last heard of they were in the neighbourhood of Rhotasghur. But the Ramghur Battalion were met by Major Enlglish, of the 53d, with 180 men of his own corps and 140 of Rattray's Sikhs, at Chuttra, not far from. their abandoned station of Hazareebagh, and utterly broken, with the loss of a third of their number and all their guns, ammunition, and plunder. Thus we might report the province and the frontier of Bengal proper as tolerably tranquil but for a late mutiny in a regiment which had hitherto remained to all appearance loyal-the 32d Bengal Native Infantry. This corps was quartered in the Santhal country. One of its detachments, at Deoghur, consisting of two companies, mutinied with no easily assignable cause, on the morning of the 7th of October, and the frightful old story of brutal murder was repeated in the cases of Lieutenant Cooper and Mr. Ronald, the DeputyCommissioner. The Sepoys then plundered the station, moved on to Rohnee, and treated that deserted cantonmnent in the same fashion, and thea wandered away-whither is not yet known. Another detachrment, also of two companies, went off at Rampore Hat, but without injuring tbeir officers. For the quieting of this Santhal district, the 13th, lately brought from the Cape, are likely to be employed. They were at Raneegunge on the 18th, with the Bengal Yeomanry Cavalry and some of the Madras column, of whom the rest had gone on with Colonel Fischer to Benares. Buxar has received a garrison of seamen from Peel's Brigade. ",Turning back to Bundlecund and Gwalior I have nothing further to write to you of the Dinapore mutineers than that they are still at Banda. But, as confirmatory of the suspicions entertained by Scindiah, as I told you in my last, regarding the temptations held out to his mutinous contingent to move upon Banda-temptations urged by Santeea Soopay, agent of Nana Sahib-and of the report that the Nana himself was in the neighbourhood, I note the report that the Gwalior Contingent has moved off from its cantonments to the eas,tward. This is well worthy of observation. I shall not be surprised to hear of the Nana being ore long at the head of the combined bodies of mutineers in these parts. Holkar has not yet been relieved (I write of him as an inuocent man, which, in my belief-I may almost say, to my knowledge-he is) of the incabus of his insolent and mutinous soldiery. But for them a day of retribution is at hand. I mentioned in my last the halt of the 3Ihow column when on the point of marching for Indore, on account of disturbances near Dhar. Since then it has marched upon that town, beaten the enemy who protected it, occupied the town itself, and was prepared to storm the fort, when the enemy evacuated it during the night. Now, both the force at Aurungabad and that of the Hyderabad Contingent at Edlabad are on theirvwayto Nhow, and on their arrival a strong force wil at once march on Indore to punish and to protect. In Rajpootana we have another murder, or series of murders, to regret. At Kotah the Resident, Major Burton, and his two sons have been murdered by the men of two of the Rajah's regiments-not of the contingent, which you know mutinied long ago and -was engaged in the first batch of Agra. It is said to have been a salute fired by order of the Resident on the occasion of the fall of Delhi that led to this deed of violence, which must be bitterly avenged. Of the revolted Joudpore legion we hear little but that it has abandoned its strong position at Awa, and probably moved into the Shekawattee country to the north, with the view of raising the battalion maintained in that State. Ajmere and lNusseerabad are quiet. From Neemuch we have just heard of an unfortunate and apparently ilL-managed at- tack by the Bombay force at the station upon a body of rebels at Jeerun, in the vicinity. It was conducted, I believe, without any orders on the part of Captain Showers, the Political, and somehow or other was a failure. The 83d lost Captain Read killed, and the 2d Cavalry Captain Tucker, and five officers were wounded. We wait for further detais of this untoward affair. " From Saugor and Jubbulpore there is little nes. The 3fadras columnn is at the latter station, and the fort of Saugor is in no danger unles from the posibility of an irruption by the Dinapore and Gwalior mutineers. The sma Madras force from Hoshungabad in these territories, of whose march down the lerbudda I spoke in my lat, attained its object in preventing the rebels opposite Hindia from croming to the southern side, and then, cross. ing itself, drove them out of the town of Nimas wur, which they had seized and grossy illtreated, and captured and hanged three leaders of note-one a deserted jemadar of police, another a self-styled officer of Scindiah. " All is well in the Nisam's country and in the Madras Presidency. At 3ads itself more an4 more troops have arrived, and either landed there or gone on-to CalCutta. In all have arrived the whole of the 34th (now atChinsurah, near Calcutta) and parts of the Royals, 3Sth, 19th, 42d, ad,
IRBBLAD. THE ISH VI:ROYAITY. DUBLIN. SATuRDAY fORnpw. It is stated with seeming confidence In the F15ening Mail that a Bill is in preparation-if not actually prepared-for the abolition of the LordLieutenancy of Ireland. The proposal will, of course, be encountered with the usual hostility by the people of Dublin, who are alone the parties interested in this continuous struggle to place this country on a level with Scotland as an integral portion of the Qaeen's dominions. As upon former occasions, the motion for the extinction of the Irish Court may be again defeated, but everyone knows and feels that delay wiUl be the only end achieved by the supporters of viceroyalty. The office is doomed, and no amount of local displeasure wiU save it from the fate thatsooner or later awaits it. THE PREMIER AN]D THE IRISH ORANGEMEN. On Monday week, just a fortnight ago, the magistrates of Fermanagh, at the bidding of Lord Erne, assembled in full divan, for the purpose of protesting against the test proposed by Chancellor Brady to be taken in future by candidates for seats on the magisterial bench. The meeting was strictly private, and the public were informed that the result of their deliberations would not be allowed to meet the public eye until the answer of Lord Palmerston should be received by the remonstrants. This day the papers publish the resolution adopted by the magistrates, together with the expected reply thereto, the latter being perhaps even more curt than could be expected under aU the circumstances. Here are the documents "At a meeting oE the magistrates, held at Ennsllen on 3fonday, November 16,- "Proposed! by the Earl of Belmore, and seconded by Mr. E3. Archdall,- I Tha. the following resolutlon be adopted by thls meeting:- "We, the underigned magistrates of the county Fermauagb bav;ng eiusIdered the recent letter of the Lord Chancellor o Irelaud addressed to the Lieutenant of the county Down, repecting certain pledges to be recuired from future aDpploants for the commission of the peace, t3liese It to be oue' bounden duty to renontmate against the course thereiu announced to be adopted. as an uncaUed- for inter. ference wtth that liberty of conscienoe and freedom of opLinon whi 'h oosetitute one of the ohlef bulwack, ot the Erltlsh constitution; and we desire resPeCtfUUly to record our opinion tha the etter of the Lor Lharcellor wasdesArcedasy aLnod calclarted to create a geeltin of dlptut inyurlttro the exitin aInstra, bnd omlyn ten uemeriedhic doubm Of th,er imparti.lity In the diechere of their duty, and thus shaking the cor dence of the peoLle In Ttheir unblessed admnisratlon of jolh.lf C *'we thesefe ask that the esaction ol these pledges shal noi be persovered on by the adviseys Of the crown. n"E i E Lieutensgant o the Conty Feranagh.' Guaras, whse wife ad chilclrn,itng-sstet,ov.t2y My lEg rd,-I am desired by Lofd Palmerston to aknoCledge the reOspc of our letter ofh itd the memorial which accompanied It, f I rdmant, myLo0rd' sor Lordshipw obedient sesfabr "The Earl of Ewe, Es. G. G. BARRaINGTON." DR. CULLR'S DsEENCE. The main fact relied upon by Dr. Cullen to substantiate his charges against the Patriotic Fu nd Commissionerswas founded upon the case of a soldier named sirley, a sergeant in the 4th Dragoon Guards, whose wife and children, it was stoutly alleged, had been nt3mbers of the Roman Catholic Church. This was adnittedly the gist of the monster reply of the Apostolic delegate to the letter of Lord St. Leonard's, and now the whole fabric ofre this feeble complaint has been shattered to pieces il a communication addressed to the ErgecisJg Mnail by a Protestant clergsyma, the Rev. Artthur Preston, rector of Kilmeague, who thus settales the question at issue:- "I think it an ct of istqlce to the public, as well as to the commissioners of the Royal Patriotic Fund, to corect a msestatement which the Rev. Dr. Cullen has put forward in reference to the family of the late Sergeant John oirley 4th Dragoon Guards. Dro Cvhen states that the mother of thechildrenhas 'professed herself a catholic.' That she is, and always was, a catholic, in the real acceptation of the term, is true; but that she is not nor ever was a member of the Church of Rome is equally true. Mirs. Rirley is a Pro. Iftestant, having been broughtup as such by hergrandmother also a Protestant, I have the best possible authoritv for making this statement-namely, the thestimony of es. Eirley herself, who, on visiting her children since they came to this parish, expressed herself highly pleased with the proficiency they have made in their religious knowledge, as nell assin every other particular. She complained to me of tbe compulsion, almost amounting to violence, towards her, which was had recourse tof y two priests of the Church of Rome in Dublin to force her to allo her children to be educated as Romanists,-a proceeding which she firmly and effectually resisted, and from conscientious motives it would appear, from the fact, that wvhen the children arrived here they Cere able to answer questions in the church catechism as well as in the New Testament, having been so instructed bahen in the charge of their mother, before her temporary admssion to a lunatic asylum. I think ins onnhessary to make any comment on the foregoing facts, but merely to state for the information of Dr. CUentand Canon Grimley, that I pledge ryself the children shal be brought up in the tiui Catholic faith."t PNOF3IOUS IMONRrArIOxS OF TH RIEDSTSFFS. The Corf Reyorter of yesterday publishes a statistical document of no ordinary importance, and from which it appears that there is now lyinfg on shipboard in the harbour of Cork, waiting for orders (and no orders coming for it), or, in other words, seeking purchasers for consumption, the enormous quantity of 8,596 tons of wheat, 9,188 tons of Indian corn, 3,063 tons of harley, and 869 tons of oats, besides immense quantities of beans, rice, sugar, fruit, and other articles of household consumption. In addition to this it is shown that tere are still greater floating cargoes of grain, tc., at Falmouth, and other ports of call, where there is no disposition shofn to purchase, and their marketable value greatly depressed. PROSECUTIONi OF THE PRIE:STS. A plea of ":Sot guilt " was yesterday put on the file in the Queen's Bench on the part of the Rev. Mr. Conwray to the ha. osicio information of the Attorney-General. In the case of the Rev. Mr. Ryan no answrer has been filed, but there in time till the first day of next term. Mr. George Bo-yero M.P., has contributed an . towards the defence of Father Conway. THE IRISH SAVINGS BA:N'S. A meeting of the friends and supporters of the Cork Savings-bank wras held yesterday, r. Beamish, M.P., presiding. Thefinancial statement up to the 20th of November was read by Mr. Besnard, the secretary; and Mr. Craig, the manager of the Bank of Ireland, addressed the meeting, congratulating them upon b the prosperous state of the institutionw notwith3tanding the prevailing money paoric, as a proof of which he mentioned the fact, that while the amount due to depositors last year wvas only 328,a0n 1. 6is. 2d., it was 330,4G31. 2s. 3d. this year, showing an increase of deposits of 1,c5r1. 7s. ld. There was in the hands of the Governmaent 31l,337a. 15s. w d., and lodged in the Bank of Ireland 2(),19al. s. ld., making the total amount available 331,5331. 12so Sd., orf1,001. O su. Sd. over the amount due in prinipal and interest to deper ditors New managers having been appointed, the meeting separated. STATE OF TIPPERAY, NwORvTH RIDINGS. A correspondent of the Tipperary Fgree Press Writes as follows: " There is no likelihood of any clue being discovered of the murderer of MIr. Ellis, though several parties have been arrested on suspicion, and are in prison. A good deal of alarm is felt at the call made by the 'nagistrates at their late Imeeting at Nenagh to have 244 extra men of the police force Idraughted into the North Riding, whbich circumstance would I entailan additional taxation of SitI. in the pound. At: Loughmore, the parish in wvhich Mr. Ellis's murder occurred, an extra force of 20 of the constabulary has been located, and Government has confined the expense of such force to some twfo or three towunlauds in the neighbourhood, which are alread.y saddled with taxation to the amommt of ls. 61. in the pound for the present three months, being 6s. in t,he pound for the year." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consuls, 90; ditto, for account. Dec.S8, 9;); ditto, fornew account, Jan. 8,1858, 901; Nev Three per Cent. Stock, 89k 90 90k; ditto, for account, Dec. 8, 909 liii ditto, for new acconnt,Jan. 8,1838 !)00 4;Bank Stock, 231; iloyal Bank of Ireland, 101, paid, 21^.,
CHIINA. (FRBOM OUB SPECIAL CORR>POEDBNT.) (A poWtoni of th1e foowing appeared in our sooond edition of Satarday:-] We have received the following letters by the extra mail brought by the Norna:- SHANGI Al, SzrT. 27. This morning the Norna, Peninsular and Oriental steamer (extra), Btarts for Suez, with 1,500 bales of silk. She has been put on entirely for commercial purposes, and wil probably go round by Bombay. It is quite uncertain, therefore, whether her4letters will arrive earlier than the next regular mail, so that, even ff I had any political news to communicate, this is not a favourable opportunity. The few words I have to say, therefore, must be of comnercial matters-a little Rialto talk. Silk is in Shanghai just now what the "Derby" is at Tattersall's early in May. Every one is talking about it, and some are speculating in it. The Chinamen are afraid of the news by the next mail, and have reduced their demands by $20 a-bale. Some people think they see their way clear with this reduction, and have bought up 3,000 bales. Others, however, believe that this will not do. They argue that the statistics of silk, the stocks in England, the stocks in France, and the 12,000 bales actually in Shanghai, look bad for high prices; that the easiest thing in the world to be stpprimf is a silk dreas; and that, therefore, the present demands are dangerously high. Of this opinion are the Capulets and Montagues of this settlement. So John Chinaman is likely to keep a large portion of his 12,000 bales, and also of his 80,000 bales up the country, unless he can make up his mind to lower his prices. But our long-tailed friend Is very rich. Ie has been tempted by last year's high prices to sell all that hoarded box silk which Chinamen (whose civilization does not extend to a national debt or to joint-stock banking establishments) are in the habit of laying by for rainy days. He can afford, therefore, to hold, and at present he is not inclined to drop very low. A curious iUustration of Chinese government has arisen from the sudden wealth accumulated in the silk districts by the demand and the prices of the last two years. The Mandarins (as in our ignorance we caU all Chinese officials, from a sergeant or a tidewaiter to a Governor or a Prime Minister) went forth into the country where wealth was said to have accumulated for a general " squeeze." The official eye had marked the sponge to swell, and the official hand descended to press it. But the country folk do not manure their mulberry trees, and pick their leaves, and breed their silkworms, and wind their cocoons for mere amusement. They flew to arms-which were probably their bamboo carrying poles-and drove the squeezing party out of the country. " Tread upon a worm and it will turn," say we English, in one of those pompous falsehoods which pass from mouth to mouth as coined wisdom. The Chinese silkworm-breeder ought to have known that if you tread hard enough and full enough the worm will not turn, but will squeeze. The Mandarin party certainly knew this. They sent to Hangehow for soldiers-they returned and set fire to the village whence they had been ejected-and now what was, when I traversed It last month, the most prosperous district of China, is being visited with all the blessings of immediate Imperial attention. I should not wonder if this matter spread, for a Chinaman will fight for his dollars. Tea, they tell me, is selling at from 6d. to 8d. per pound dearer in Shanghai than it is in England. The wise men say that the first crop having been lost, and the stocks being low, this uncomfortable state of things is likely to continue. You will be glad to hear that opium has reached a tremendous price, so that the opium-smoker-and every man who wears a tail in these parts takes an occasional whiff-wil persevere in his bad habits under considerable discouragement. SHANGIAI, OCT. 7. You have heard sufficiently from me lately, and happily I have nothing to say. I shall say it as shortly as possible. We have had 10 days of almost continuous rain at this most critical season of the year. The rice is rotting on the ground, and the cotton, in ful flower, is soaked and spoilt. Famine andpoverty wil fall upon the peasantry, and what we are pleased to caU thw rebellion wiU spread and strengthen. Canton is being fed by rice and peas and pulse despatched hence, and from Ningpo and Amoy. There is a movement also of soldiers and money southward. Pek Kwei, the Governor of Canton, under Yeh, who is Governor-General of the province, in returning from Peklin to his city has been levying contributions and enlisting troops. My letters from Swataw tell me that he lately passed through that port, where so large an unrecognized commerce is carried on, and took the opportunity of squeezing the Chinese merchants there. Three hundred Chinese soldiers have arrived from the army before Nankin, and are being conveyed in a British ship, at $5 a-head, from this port to Swataw. Swataw has a direct canal communication with Canton, and is onlv 90 miles distant from that city. The people at Hongkong have had many rumours that a large army was to be assembled at Kooloon, that snake boats were being built at Whampoa, and that a massacre was to be attempted inside the colony in aid of an attack from without, If the Government of Her Majesty's possessions in China were to intermit the; proper precautions something disastrous would undoubtedly take place, for the Chinese who dweU in Hongkong are the most malignant and the most l treacherous of human creat-ures. We have, moreover, had warning that this would be so by writing under Yeh's hand, in his intercepted correspondence. In I the absence of any gross imprudence on our side, however, I believe that nothing wrill be attempted. This activity in the north is prompted less by the proximity of the English than by the successes| of those southern rebels of whom I have spoken in former letters, and who, as I believe, have no connexion whatever with those of Nankin. The Emperor -would be exceedingly disgusted to hear that Canton was in the hands of a rebel chief; I am not sure that he would experience unmixed dissatisfaction at healing that it had been taken by the English. Until it has been taken he certainly dare not make a peace. The question of proceeding to Pekin is now settled by the delay of the French Ambassador and the efflux of time. It is understood that Lord Elgin has abandoned all intention of immediately proceeding even to the Peiho. We ahal Ihave our 1,500 Marines about the beginning of December, and perhaps a few repentant Bengalese, and then, I suppose, -we shall see what we shall see." Meanwhile my " British expeditionary force " has vanished. I am like an unfortunate Polar bear who has drifted southwards upon an icefield, and sees his support, which had been melting from him hour by hour, at last crack and scatter. For some timne it was like the army of a small German principality-all general and staff officers. Now these are moving off-General Garrett and his staff to Calcutta, and even Captain Peel to Allahabad. Howvever, I think we see the w,ray very clear here when the time comes. Meanwhile "China can wait-India presses." The Russian Plenipotentiary is here, and impresses every one who convelses with him as a man of great ability. He was not allowed to land at the mouth of the Peiho. He reports the river to be fortified by long lines of forts and some round towers, and he found 13 feet of water upon the bar at full flood. Since his visit to the Peiho he has been to Japan. He is of opinion that a revolution is takling place in the policy of this people, and that they will soon be as anxious for foreign trade and intercourse as they have hitherto been jealous of it. They are navigating the steamer given them by the Dutch with a Japanese crew-engineers and stokers included, all are Japanese. Every day elapsed since the ocetirrence of the typhoon has brought tidings of some disaster occa- sioned by it. Sir Frederick ?'icholwon, of the PiqueI frigate, ha occupied himBelf with the phenomen-a of this storm. He eay8,- "1 Commencing with the log of the Autonita, a thres' masted sohooner, underBuenos Ayrean colours, we find. that she rode out tho gale at anchor. On the 3d of September sho was under the IsLand c' Chinki; finding, how. ever, that a heavy sea rolled into this Anchorage, she weighed and bore up for Lotsln Bay, where she rode out the remainder of tfie gale. It is evident that thts vessel wal in the northern semicircle of the cYclone, for the wind gradually veered round from N.E. to E-N.E. then to B., and finally to E.S.E.. as the gale moderated. " If we now turn to the Lanrileks log we shall find that she was nearly at the southern limit of thecyclone. Onthe 4th of September at noon she was In Ist. 21.52 N., long. Li9.47 E., 67 miles south of the White Dogs, the well-known islands at the entrance of the river Mlin, and about 220 miles south of the Antonita in Lotain Bay. " The Lanrick's log on September the 4th notes a strong gale from W.N.W. to W.S.W., veering eventually to S. W. These winds from opposite directions experienced by the two vessels afford a convincing proof that the centre of the cyclone passed between them,-a fact we are enabled to verify by the log of the WaterWitch. This vessel had the singular good fortune of escaping with comparatively slight damage, after pasing through the vortex of this severe cyclone. Her commander, Captain Baker, plaes the centre, at midnight September the 3d, in lat. 26.12 N., long. 122.18 E. It bears N.E. by B. 160 miUes from the Lanrdces position at noon on September the 4th; a position differing but little from her place at midnight; and from the Antonith the centre bears S.E. by S.130 Lmiles. " Most striking are the phenomena noted in the log of the Water Witch and in the account of the gale received from the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Cadi7, which ve3sel steered into the ccntre of the cyclone, while endeavouring to get an offing in the neighbourhood of the White Dogs. " The hurricane blowing frora the north suddenly ceases, and gives place to a dead calm, lasting for a quarter of au hour. The sky is clear overhead, and the stars are seen shining brightly, while all around is gloom and darkness. Birds and even fishes are dropping and tumbling about the decks in great numbers. The tumultuots sea breaks in aU directions, sweeping over the ship from end to end. After a brief interval of treacherous calm, the hurricane again bursts forth from the south with redoubled fury. All these are well-known symptoms of being in the vortex of a rota. tory storm. I" On the 3d of September, while the Banshee was at some distance from the southward of the most severe portion, of this gale, ' a tremendously heavy swell from the E.S.E.' is noted in her log. On the 6th of September she fell in with the Siamese ship Friendship, which had been dismasted in the gale. The position of the centre for midnight on tho 3d of September then bore S.S.E. 60 miles. " The log of the Friendship will no doubt prove that vessel to have been dismasted not far from the vortex of the cyclone. " The French ship Mansart met the cyclone between the north end of Formosa and the Island of Kumi in the evening of September the 2d. Finding the galerapidly freshening from N.W., Captain Gravereau bore up for shelter under the Meiaco Islands. After having sin vain attempted to heave to, the Mansart continued scudding with the wind right aft, gradually altering couLse as the gale veered round from N.W. to W. and finally to S.W. This vessel thus sailed round the southern portion of the cyclone, and passed out to the northward between the Melaco and Loochoo Islands, when the wind had moderated and was blowing from S.E. The Mansart's log shows the gale to have been at its height on the afternoon of September 3; the wind was then S.W., and the centre, as fixed by Captain Baker, of the Waterwitch, bore N.W. by W. 220 Miles. " Captain Gravereau describes both wind and sea as ter. rific; his crew were constantly at the pumps, and he was obliged to throwr overboard a portion of the cargo to save his vessel from foundering. " The intelligence from Tamsai, at the N. E. corner of Formosa announces the loss of several vessels. Exposed as that anchorage must have been to the whole fury of the worst portion of the cyclone, the centre of which must have passed within a very moderate distance of Tarnsui, it is not surprising to hear that serious disasters have occurred at that place. " At Foochow the gale was felt in aU its severity. A number of the houses were unroofed, bat we do not hear of any serious damage having been donet ;n the shipping in the river Min. On the 4th of September when the gale was at its height, the wind is stated to bave been N.W., and oni the 5th of September, the gale having moderated and the barometer having commenced rlsing, the wind is reported as S.E. Hence it is probable that the centre passed very nearly over Foochow. Three barometers are said to have fallen to 28.85, 28.30, and 28.40 respeetively. " The gale was not felt at Amoy." The most important lesson to be derived from this storm is the relative 8iafety of the harbours of China. While I was riding it out in Chtisan harbour in a little vessel of Chinese rig, square-rigged vessels were being torn from their anchorage in the so-caUled barbours of Formosa, dashed to pieces, azd nil their crews drowned. The following market report is issued from the North China 7erald office, and has the reputation of being fairly done. The more general intelligence was anticipated by my last letter. COMMERCIAL INTELLIJGENCE. SHANGHI M MARKET REPORT, WEDNESDAY, OCT. 7. This being the month in which the change of monsoon allows the despatch of the mai steamer from Hongkong to be delayed until the 15th, being five days later than in the other season, our mail, corresponding with it, Is also deferred and leaves to-morrow morning at daylight, making an interval of three weeks since the departure of the last, in which we have received two London mails,-viz., that of the 26th of July on the 18th, and that of the 10th of August on the 29th ultimo. Reports of successes by the insurgents over the Imperialists in Keangsl and Cheklanvg Provinces reach us with great appearance of truth, and the opinion Is prevalent that the rebel power is gaining strength in those provinces. There has also been a report of disturbances in the prefecture of Hoochow, the great silk-producing district. It was local and of a domestic character, arising from the refusal of the people to pay tho new taxes the mandarins are attempting to levy throughout the country. It appears to have subsided. We do not find that it has produced any effect on the trade except that it may have caused a large quantity of silk to be sent to Shanghai for safety. The trade of this port proceeds uninterruptedly and satisfactorily. Quotations are all given, duty paid, in taels of Shanghai sycee. IMPlORTS. Since the 15th inst. there has been a fair business in coloured and fancy cotton goods and woollens,and prices of the latter have improved. For gray and white shirtings the demand continues restricted by the high prices generaly demanded by importers. From the very small clearances during the last two months we look for a larger business and an increase in the deliveries in the course of October. Prices are generaUy expected to be well sustained for some time to come. There has been a great advance in the price oi Straits produce generaUy, caused by small imports, the vessels from Siam, Singapore, and the Straits being mostly laden with rice instead of the usual cargoes at this season. Tin has risen in consrquence of the disturbed state of Yunnan preverting supplier of the native product coming down from Szechuen, the province which principally produces it. The blockade of Canton will also interfere with such produce of the Western Provwnces as is usually transmitted to that port for shipment to the North. The arrivals from England are-The Beverly, from London, on the 12th (omitted before); the John Chism, from Liverpool, on the 16th; the Maggie, from Cardiff, on the zurn; cue Cambalu, trom Liverpool, on the 26th; th e Roebuck, from Newastlo, on the 2Sth ; the Hoaug-Ho, from Liverpool, on the 29th of September; and the Isabella Hercus, from London the 5th of October. The Aerolite, from Liverpool, is still ashore on the south bank, discharging her cargo. The deliveries noted are for the period of five weeks, the last monthly statement being under date the Ist of September. Cotton Goods..-Shirtings-Gray, U, to 6-catty, 2.0.0 to 2.2.5 taels; 61 to 7-catty, 2.4.Oto 2.6.5 taels; 7.*catty, 2.8.5 taels-delivemies 37,700 pieces. White, common to fine, 1.9.0 to 2.3.0 taels-deliveries, 14,550 pieces. T. Cloth, 44 to 51-catty, 1.2.5 to 1.4.0 taels-dD eliveries 6,80D. Spotied Shirtigsg.-White, .2.05 tacls; assorted, 3.L0 to 3.5.0 taels-delivories 12,500 pieces. Brocades.-White, 3.L0 tasds; assorted, 4.0.0 to 4.5.0 taels-deiveries 8,000 pieces. Handkcerohiefs. Per dozen, 7.5 to 9.0 mace-deUverles 2,200 dozens. Chintzes.-2.5.0 to 3.0.0 taels * deliveries, 9,000 pieces. Velvets.-22inch black, 7 to 2.2 mace; Gentian, 1.8 to 2.0 mae per yard ; deliveries, 260 pieoes. Velveteens.-13 inch, L2 to 1.3 mace; 26-inch, 2.1 mcse per yard; deliveries, 1,160 piees. AmericanGoods-Marketquiet. Drills, 40 yards, 3.4.5 to 3.5.0 taels; 30 yards, 2.5.5 taeia; deliveries, 34,000 piees. Sheetings-10 catty, 2.4.0 to 2.5.0 taeis; U catty. 2.7.0 to 2.7.5 taels; deliveries, 8,00D pieces, Jeans-30 yards, none; 3.4.0 tacis nominal Woollens.-Falr demand; long ells, H E scarlet, 8.2.0 taels ; assorted, 7.6.0 taels; deiveries, 1,580 pieces. Spanish stripes, 1.0 to 1 0 taels - habit cloths, assorted colours, 1.2.0 taels, medium cloths, L6.0 to 1.7.0 taels; deliveries, 3,320 eces. Camlets.-Englsh, 15.0.0 to 18.8.0 taels; Duteci, 24A0,0 to 28.0.0 tels ; deliveries 400 pies. Lastings, good demand, L0.0 to 12.0. taels. Metals.-LeAd, in demand, 6.2.0 tasls; stock small. Iron-Square, Round and Nail Rod 3.0.0 to 3.L0 tsels. Tin has advanced considerably-Banca, 46.0.0 to 48.0.0 taels; Straits, 40.0.0 to 42.0.0 taels; Qickailver, 4T.00 traes. straits and other Proadnce.-Iiattans, 3.5.0 to 4.2,g
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMEW Sir,-BeIng fully awake to the anxiety that exists as to the arrival of the transports in India, I take the earliest oppor tunity of informing you that I have just received inter ligence by telegraph, vid Trieste, that this company's steamship Sydney, James C. Carter, commander, was at Calcutta October 23, 1857, having arrived in 69 days from Portsmouth. The undermentloned was the detachment per Sydney Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon and Mrs. Gordon, Majors Smith and Walcott, Captain Johnston, Lieutenants Gilmour, Egan, Auchinleck, Cottinghamn,Whinyates, and Edmeades, A ssstant-Snrgeon Farrant, and Veterinary Surgeon Sanderson, and 288 rank and file, all of the Royal Artillery. I am, Sir, Your obedient r-+. YATTfHEW RECHARD SCOTT. SAarni6h Ausnraman itoyal gall Steamn Navigation Company, 167, Greshamn-house, Old Broad-street, E, C., Nov. 28.
LETERS FOR THE BRriSH FLEE?T i CurxA.- As very considerable delay frequently takes place In the delivery of unpaid letters addressed to the British fleet on the China station in consequence of its being necessary in all cases to send such letters to the post-office at Hongkong, it is destrable, in order to obviate this delay, that all etf addressed to persons serving on board any of Her Majetys ships of war in China should be prepaid. KING'S COLLEGE, LoNDoN.-Ve learn that Mr. Geor! Henry House, juA elected Scholar in Mathenaties and lRatural Philosophy, and Mr. Edward Ernest Bowea, Just elected Scholar ia Classics by the Senate of the Univer. sit of London, were both distinguished pupils of King's CoIego, leondon. RoyA FtRE}E IOSPITAI, GRAY'S-UN-ROAD.-The number of patients relieved at this hospital during the week ending November 28 was 2,25, of whom 593 were new Cases.
JUDICIAL COMMITTEE OF PRIVy COUNCIL, IVov. 28. (Before Lord Justice KnightBRUCE Lord Justi TUNR, Air. FzmBpRTON, LmJGH, an'd Sir E. RYAN) Their Lordships were engaged during the whole of the day in hearing the a ~ents ini the case of " Chusturya R'un Murdun Syvn v. Slahab Parhulad Sayn," an appeal from Be-ngal, which, as it raisea several intricate questions respecting the law of inheritance to property in India, Is lkely to occupy a considerable time. Mr. Roundell Palmer, Q.C., and xr. Maclo;ton are counsel for the appellant; Mr. Rtolt and Mr. I.eith for the respondenit.
LAW REPORT. COURT OF QU.EEN'S BENCH. WxEST axSTE Nov. 2R. VILLIAMS V. BOODnL? (Sittings at Nisi Prius, before Lord CUIPBEZLL and Speci(d JTuries.) In our report of this case yesterday we should have stated that Mr. Whateley, Q.C., and Mr. W. H. Cooke appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Pigott and Mr. Powell for the defendant. WHTIlTItOBE V. WIGHASI AND ANOTHER. Mr. Knowles, Q.C., and Mr. D. D. Keane appeared for the plaintiff; aud Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., Mr. Serjennt BaUantine, and Mr. H. Matthews for the defendants. The plaintiff in this action, John Whitmore, was the occupier of a publichouse caUed the Three Horseshoes,situate at the corner of Grayhound-court, in Milford-lane, in the Strand, and he sued the defendants, Herbert Ingram, the registered proprietor, amd Mr. Little, the registered printer, of the Illststrated Newvs, to recover damages for a nuisance alleged to be caused by tho defendauts' printing machine, shich they had lately set up in their premises on the opposite side of Grayhound-court. It appeared that the Threa Horseshoes was the property of a Mr. Proudfoot, a solicitor, who held it under a long lease, and the plaintiff had lately come into possmssion of it as a yearly tenant, at 901. a-year rent, with an option of taking a lease on the payment of a premium of 3001. According to the plaintiff's evidence, the court which separated his premises from the defendants' was only four feet three inches wide, and in the month of March last the defendants set up an American printing maohine, worked by steam, which created the nuisanco now complained of. The printing began every Thursday night, and was continued al Friday and Friday night, and some. times on Saturday; and such was the noise from the ma. chinery that it was scarcely possible to hear oneself speak In the plaintiffs parlour. The screaming, whistling, and thumping of the oller and flywheels rendered the plaintiffs house uninhabitable, and the noise was compared to that of an express train passing by, but never gettmin away. The result was that the plaintiff's wife was not able to Ifve in the house, his customers forsook the parlour, and the port wine and beer in the cellars were rendered thick by the vibration. The vibration was so great that it would gradually cause the glasses to tumble off the shelves in the bar; or, if one were left on a cask in the cellar, it would after a time tumble offand get broken. On cross-examina. tion it appeared the plaintiff had a music license, and kept It up on Mondays and Saturdays till 12 o'clock at night; but this did not appear to have been felt to be a nuisance by his next-door neighbours, who, however, all areed that the defendants' printing machine rendered their houses unithabitable,andcausedt%eir lodgersto leave. It appeared that formerly there were some coal wharfs at the bottom of Mu ford-lane, but some of them had been discontinued, the con: sequence of which was that publichouse property had much diminished in value in that neighbourhood. Lord CAMPBELL said this evidence was immaterial, as the plaintiff did not ask for damlaes, and his Lordship suggested that some arrangement should be made by which the printing of the defendants' very latudable publication might be carried on without being a nuisance to any one. It was ultimately agreed that the plaintiffshould have a verdict, with 40s. damages,and that itshould be referred to MIr. Abrahams, the architect, to see whether his Lordship's suggestion could not be carried out, and if not that the arbitrator should say what the defendants ought to pay for the plaintiff's intercst. Verdict accordingly.| THiE QUEE V. SPICIR. Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Euddleston, Q.C., and Ur. Sleigh appeared for the prosecution; and Mr. M. Chambers, QC, and MIr. Hawkins for the defendant. I When this case was called on only five of the specil jury. men answered to their names. Lord CAIIPBELL said ample opportunity had been given to the special jurymen to make their arrangements for their attendance here, and he complained that considerable incon. venience had boon experienced through their default. I A tales was then prayed, and the trial proceeded. The defendant, Henry Spicer, was formerly an apothe. cary, but now engaged in the shipping trade, and residing with his brother at No. 10, Duchess-street, Portland-place. He was chargod in the indictment with the publication of a libel, reflecting upon the conduct of the prosecutor,William Day, a solicitor, residing at No. 1, Queen-street, Mayfair. It appeared that the defendant had married a wvidotw lady of some poroperty; but she had left him soon after her Maragl , and eumployed the prosecutor, Mr. Day, to act as her soeltor in certain Chancery proceedings. These pro. ceedings had been instituted by the prosecutor, under the instructions of Mrs. Spicer and her brother, Mr. Johl Daw. son, of No. 28, Sussex-square, and they had reference to Mrs. Spicer's property. Dluring the whole of the proceed. ings Mr. Day had acted under the instructions of rs Spicer and her brother, and had communicated with them on every proceeding of importance. This appeared to have exasperated the defendant, Mr. Spicer, and gavo occasion, according to the case for the prosecution, for the publication of the libel now complained of. On the 27th of July last, a printed handbiU enclosed in an envelope, was delivered at the prosecutor's house, and handad to him by his servant. The handbil contained a libel, expressed in the foUowing words:- "' O Rewasrd.-A lady is sought who has been seduced from her husband and her hoome by certain persons with the hope of accomplish. ing the besatdeaigns. It is feared that in prosecuting the desperate schemes of the par. ties who have the lady In thbir power some desperate outrage and personal violence has been perpetrated to secure her from being re. stored to her friends, and to ptreent Suvseilgalon Into the treanment Bho has been subjected to. The lady Is the daughter of tholate Mr. Dawson, grocer of Pieca. dilly, acd sWter of John Dawroa, of 28, Sunex-square, taygwater, formerly an attorney, and ia entitled to considerable property of wbich she has been deprived. Ihoceedipgs were taken in dhanoer;by the lady and hor husband against the said John Dawason for the recovery of oertein property, and to OOMPeI hiuX to reader acoeunta eof his dealings with the same. Shortly atter these proceedings were Is stituted the most atrocious means were mane use of to eeparato the lady from her husband, and deprive her of his protection and counse. with the hope or stopping those prooeedings. At that time the sad John Dawacn and his attorney, William Day, of 1, Queen-stree hMay fair, wrere in constant cODmmiClatiOu with the lady un,known t h' husband, and no ether persons. dince the execution ot this design of obtaining bodily pesaeion c f the lady not one member of her family, nor any living eoul belongirg to her, save the said. John Dawson and his wile, has been able to - tain any information respecting her, except such as the said attorey, Willam ay,of , Qsensiret,Mayfair, agent to the said John Dawron, has chosen oQr been instr ucated to impart to her ftrends. "Under tbess sscumetauces2 (her friends not knowing whether she t, Urluvg or dead) her name bas been made use of to give pubicity to Statements respectng the ldy' husband of the most infamous, scanda. iots, end defamaoycaatr The husband of the lady is a pro- fessional man, and bthi coumre has been pursued in the rhope thaI iyl Dromulgating the basset and fouleat calumnies his reputation mIgut auffer and his circumstances be so criDpled a' to incapacitate him from Dursuing inquiries into and recovering his wife's rights. The first act demanded of her when her person had been thus securedwastomake her repudiate the stereshe had just taken to-obtain the restoratnoa of those rights. The object, hewever, of that de-IF bas faded. The Master of the Rolis has made a decree ordering the accounts to be taken, and in so doing has commaented on the conduct of the pestles.~u bohoLe o to l It has been essestalned that the lady was in the house of the s2aid Wil iam Day attorney, at 1, Queen-enseete Mayfarr, for some tme It is not known whether she is stll detained tbese, an it in alu wel known that the said william Day haa, with the asdstance of those in his employ, conveyed her to diwferent places of teclusion, among others to the house of his sister, Mrs. Day (Ualia Ds conaillitn ile "The house of the said Wlliam Day, at I, Queen.street, Masfasi has been wawohed by detective officers for some time, but no ciue can be obaned as to what has boecomer or th t sady. '@It is knownI that when the lady wva. permitted to hold anys Intercourse with the world she was never suffered to use her own name. - It is eared that no means, however desperate and nuecrpuloua, will be spared by those who have poeeseon Of her, at all risks, to preVvent her returnIng to her home. "Whoever wilt give information to lead to the convietion of Ihe pnoles who havet carcerated or otheewie malirested the misaitr lady shal c eosiVe tbe above reward UpOn conviction by indctmment oa the criminal offrenders. Informaton received at Scotland-yard."a The prosecutor fou nd, on inueiry, that similar handbills had boon extensively circulated n the neighbourhood of h3s residence in s.ayfair; and two in particutar were brought to his notice, one of which was enclosed itr an envelope and directed to "Mtr. Bruce, No. 13, Clargea-street," and the othersto "Mr. Fisher, No. 5, Hertford-street,h oneof the prosecutorfs cltents. The handwviting on the envelopes appeared to have been disguised, but, as the prosecutor had no doubt that the handwnrting was the defendant's, he at once caused him to be summoned before a police magistrate at Marlboroughestreet. The defendant did not appear, and accordingly a warrant was issued for his apprehension * and on proof of the handwriting the magistrate sent the case to the sessions. Andindictment was subseauently found at the Central Criminal Court, which was afterwards removed to this court by certihrari. When he applied for the certiorari the defendant made an adidavit, in which he stated, among other things:- cThat the nagure of the charge will involve many important e isnt of law, andis more particularly osunosted vlwth reforence to y domeostic affairs, relative to mUy wife, and mlan branches^ of her familuy, and proce edingsan anu^ uts pen ding In th e Camrt of Oh an cery. ' ThiS was relied upon as some evidence to show that the defendant had published the libel. So also was the sroumstance that when he had an opportunity of denying the publioation upon his^ oath he failed to do so, The only wuestion now was whether the envelopd directed to "Mnr ruce, 13, Clarges-street," was witten by the defendant; and the prosecutor's evidence on this point was confirmed by his managing clerk, by a young man who had for some years been clerk to the defendant's solicitor, Mr. Turner - and by a third witness, who had been for several years assistant to the defendant, when he kept an apothecare's shop, The defence was that the handwriting was not the hand. writing of the defendant; and to establish this as many ns seven writnesses were called. They all stated that they did not believe that the hadwfriting was his* some of them were rather more posit*ve; and some thought the handwriting bore some resemblance to the defendant's. The defendant's solleitor, Mr. TuErner, was not called. LOrd CASIPuEI;I, in summing up the evidence, said the question was whether the defendant published the libel complained of (enclosed to Mr. Bruce), and that would depend on" w^hether or not they believe-d he wrote the address. It would be impossible to prove this fact positively except by the evidence of some one who sawvit written; but it the jur, as reasonable Den, had no doubt uon the evidence that the defendant had written the address, they ought to find himn guilty; otherwise they vould say he was not guilty The jury retired to consider their verdict, but Lord COAirngm,, having received intimation that there was no chance of the jury comin3g to a unanimoums decision, su3t for them, and, finding that to be the case, discharged them, after they had been locked up four hours. WEBB AN) WIFE V THE SOUTH- AERN RAILWAY COMPANY, Mx. Woollett and M. Da z appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Serjeant Shea and Mr. d etersdorff for the defendants. When this cause Was called onl only four of the specia jurymen answered to their names. A tales was prayed. The plaintifis in this action sued the South-Eastern Railway Company to recover damages for injuries which they bad sustained In the collision which took place on the 28th of June last on the company's line at Lewisham. It appeared that the plaintiff and his wife were third-class pasEengers in the train, and when the collision took place they were buried beneath the ruinas of their carriage, where they remained for about an hour, In company with the dead and dying, before they could be extricated. This was at length effected by cutting a hole with a saw through the bottom of the carriage which lay on the top of them. They were conveyed to St. Thomas fospital, where it wps ascertained that the man bad four ribs broken and was suffering from inguinsl hernia. The woman was paralyzed in her legs ugh the shock given to the spina cord, but she had snce, to all appearance, recovered. The man had not done any work since the accident, and, according to his statement, he and his wie, who got their living by planning a1nd sewingr carpets, had been earning, writh assistance, about 61. a-week.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Mr. Serjeant SETX, on the part of the company, said, his Cients were ready to make such re,sonable compensatioa as the jury might think the plaintiffs entitled to for the serious Wuries which they had sustained, though he was glad to see they were in a fair way of recovery, if they had not already done so. Lord CAs'BELL having summed up the evidence, The Jury found a verdict for the plaintiffs-Damages 7501.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS. Wrn, 'q NA Q MA5an v_ V - . (SiWings at.Vi Prius before Mfr. Justice CRESSVELL and a common JuryC.) On Mona next (this day), on account of the judg. mens tdb delivered in the Exchequer Chamber,' this Court will not sit untill12 e'lolk. Mr. Serieant Thomas and Alr. Joyce were counsel for the plaintheiff; Mr awkins and Mr. G. Francis appeared for the defendants. pee 'The plaintiff in this action is a nrinter, and the action was brought agalnst the foar defendants to recover for the plaiintiff's services in printing and editing a newspaper. It appeared that inthe early part of laztyear, a vacancyhavinj ocourred in the incumbancy of Clerkenwel, the Rev. M.- Mdaguire and the IRev. Mr. Robarta beca ne rival candidates for the vacant office. Mr. Roberts was elected, but, the legality of the election having been disputed, upon appeal to the Lords Justices the election was upset; another election took place, and the same gentleman was re-elected. It was state4 that at that time a wper published at a halfpenny, called the 01orkenwd'al News, advocated the interests of Mr. Maguire; and the plaintiff now sought to recover for services in respect of another halfpenny paper, styled the ClerkenweU Times, which he alleged the defendants had started on their personal responsibility, on account of the onesided conduct of the other paper. The plaintiff himself was the only witness In support of his case, and at the conclusion of it Mr. Justice CressweU ruled that, as against two of the defendants, Mr. Mentz and Ar. Burns, there was no evidence to go to the jury, and their names were struck out. The learned Judge also ruled that as against the two other defendants, 31r.Willis and Mr. Jones, there was no evidence of any right to the charges made for services as editor, Nr. HAwimes, In addressing the jury for the defendants, said he wrould put Mr. Jones, Mr. Willis, and Mr. Burns into the box, WhO would materially alter the facts as to so much of the claim as remained. Mr. Jones was tnen called, but before his examinatlon had proceeded far the counsel on sach side consented to withdraw a juror, and the case was so disposed of.
COURT OF EXCHEQUER, SATURWY. Nov. 28. REVENUE CAUSE,-THZ ATTORNEY-GENERAL V. TRAP- (Sitings at Nisi Prius before Sir F. POLLOCK, O.B., and Specizjurwe.) Theo3olcitor-Ueneral and Mr. Bevan appeared for the Crown; Mr. Serjeant Parry was counsel for the defendant. This was an Information filed by the Attorney-General in which the defendant was charged with two penalties of 601. for omitting to file a declaration of ownership of a eertain newspaper caUed T1i Bury Times, and published by him, and also for omitting to enter Into a bond, as required by law, conditioned for the payment of any damages which might be recovered against him as such ovwner and publisher in any proceedings for libel, according to the provions of the statute the 60th of George lIL, cap. 9, see. 8, which provides that no person shall print or publish for sale any newspaper, or any pamphlet, or other paper containing any public news, intelligence, or occurrenoes, or any remarks or observations thereon, or any matter in Church and State which shall not exceed two sheets, or whi{h shall be published for sale at a prieo less than 6d., until he shaU have entered into a recognizance or bond for 3001., conditioned that the printer or publisher shall pay every fine or penalty imposed upon him nuder any convction for printing and publishing any blasphemous or seditious libel, on pin ot a penalty of 201. The provisions of this Act, which was one passed by Lord Cmstlereagh to curb the licentious press of that day, have been adopted and extended from time to time; but when by the recent legislation9 the stampj duty was repealed, It was imagined that the obligation to file the declaratien and to enter into recognizances was also dispensed with, and under that impression the Bury Times was published, as have been other cheap papers, among which was one called the Free Press, without compliance with these provisions In consequeqne of this a circular was Issued by the Inland Revenue explaining the real state of the law; and, as Mr. Heap expressly took issue on the law so stated, the commissloners resorted to these proceedings, limiting their claurm to one penalty, though they might have enforced one for each day. Mr. Serjeant PARRY, for the defendant, stigmatized the proceedings against his client as unjust and capricious, and inquired, as did his clients when they were threatened, why the defendant, a provincial publisher, was selected for prosecution, when the Pros Press and the large London publishers were left t go unscathed. The Act under which this information arose was the odious concep. tion of a Minister anxious to earry out an odious intention to gag the press, and was the offspring of odious times-an obsolete Act, which ought not to have been revived to crush one of a class of literature, which, he ventured to say, had never since Its rise been proceeded against for any public or immoral lIbeL. He should place the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself in the witness-box, and should seek to elicit from that distinguished person the opinion which he held on the questlon whether this work and the Free Preis were or were not newspapers within the Act. The learned counsel then called the right hon. gentleman, who had taken his seat on the bench, and proceeded to ask him the question propounded in hi sspeech,but, an objection being made thereto by the learned Solicitor-General- The CHIEF BARoN ruled that the question could not be put. What the learned serjeant had said as to the impropriety of the law might be addressed elsewhere with greater effect, no doubt, than to a judge or jury. If there had been a selection made of the defendant either from caprice or personal feeling on the part of the Board, such conduct was very reprehensible, ~but formed no topic for a jury, the question before whom was not whether everybody should be prosecuted, but whether the defendant had incurred a specific penalty for a specifie offence within this Act. This was a ¶sestion of lav dependlng upon certainfaetswhichheshould leave h thejury. If they thoutght this publication came within the terms of the Act which defined a newspaper, then, in point of law, the defendant oughtto filethe declaration and give thebondbefore publication, and, failingthat, hereaderedhimself open to this information. The learned judge then took the opinion of the jury on these questions-first, Did the Bury Times contain news? secondly, Was it periodically pablished at intervals of less than 26 days, and did it fall within two sheets 7 If these questions were answered in the affirmative, as they could not weU but be, then, in point of law, this paper was a newspaper. There could be no doubt that it was important that the defendant sbould have full opportunity of stating his defence through his counsel, even though it might afford no answer to the charge in point of law, in order that the public might k-ao w what his case really was. If his case were that he had been made the victim of a capricious selection among many others similarly offending that might, no doubt, be made the subject of complaint, and even of clamour, but it must be made elsewhere than in a court of justice, where neither judge nor jury could have anything to do with such a topic. At the same time, he could not help observing that it was most unlikely, in the present state of this country, that there was any foundation for such an imputation on the authorities; and, even if it were trae, that fact could not authorize the judge in laying down that which he knew not to be the law, nor the jury in finding a verdict againt the evidence. The jury at once found a verdict for the Crown, which The So1CorroB-GFxERL stated would be entered generally, but to secure one peralty alone. Verdict for the Crown accordingly. JOHNSTON V. MORTON SUM 5Er. This was an action brought to recover 1661. 13s. 71d. for goods sold and delivered; to which the defendant pleaded never indebted. Mr. EBDs;N- JimEs (with whom was Mr. Horace Lloyd) stated that this was an action brought by the plaintiffs, who were Court milliners in Dover-street, to recover 1661. 13s. Td. from the defendant for artildes of apparel furnished by them to his wife, between April and July in 1851, under the foUowing circumstances :-Tbe defendant is the son of a gentletDan of wealth and position in the county of Surrey, and it appeared that in the year 1850 he met with and married at Corfu the daughter of the Countess Valsamacki, who had been the widow of that eminent divine, Bishop Heber. Shortly after their marriage a settlernent was entered into bv which the defendant's father agreed to allow him 5001. a-year, while the father of the bride allowed her 2001. a-year, and the sum of 4,0001. was settled upon her, subject to her mother's interest therein. For some time the parties lived happily, but differences arose and they separated by mutual agreement in 1851. Mrs. Morton Sumner, who lived chiefly with her mother, came to LondoninApril 1851, and, being introduced by the Countess, who was an old customer of the plaintiffs, the supply of goods took place for which this action was brought. At that time the defendant made no allowauce to his wife, and, as she was free from any moral imputation he (Mr. James) centended that it was clear law that the defendant was liable for that supply, his wife having come to England without a sufficient wardrobe and without any allowance from her husband. Shortly after this the lady went to America, where she procured a divorce, which she imagined would hold good here. In this she was mistaken, no doubt, but she acted upon that impression, a-,d, going abroad again, went with her mother to Corfu, where she contracted a ascond marriage with a medical man. For this, which was no doubt an invalid connexion. the defendant procured a divorce from the Houso of Lords in 1854 or 1855. UJnder these circumstances, it was argued that the jury would have no doubt in awarding to the plaintiffs the amount of their bill. MI-iss lannah Johnston, one of the plaintiffs, -proved the order and supply of the goods, which were not by any means extravagant; on the contrary,they were sim pler and cheaper than such as were generaly supplied to their customers, while the price had been in eacir case ascertained and fixed at the time of order. The Countess had long been a customer, and, implicitly relying on. her, no questions had I been asked of Mrs. M orton Sumner, who seemed to have no clothes beyond her travellng attire when she first called. The bill was sent in to the defendant's wife at her request, In the first Instance, and after she went abroad it was sent each Christmas to her at Corfu under cover to the Countess, but it had never been paid; nor had any appliation been na to the defendant for a ill"Wenii fatherdled 6andsaid he wou coldir the cae. Beyond this nothing had been dlone. Mr. Morton Samner, thLe defendnct, was also called on the part of the plaintiffs. His evidence was to the following eleot :-Iwas married in 18iO. In 1851 I aln mY wife separated at Leipsic by autual conEent. I left her there with her mother, and gave her a sum of money, between 501. and 1001. I think it waz nearly 701. Beyond this I have not given her any money to the present time. Wo agreedl that she should retgai tho 2001. settled upon her and I the 5001. settled on me. That has been may sole means of support since, and I have not seen my late wife) since we parted at reipsic, though I knew the had como to England. At that time I was in Italy, and only came to England in July that yeau.. I went to Italy again In December following. This being the case for the plaintiff Mr. LusEn, with whom was Mr. ThompsonL Chitty submitted that there was no evidence to show any liablty en the part of the defendant to pay this demand. The CHT BAnox.-I am quite clear that there is no evidence to go to the jury of any authority to the wife of the defendant to pledge his credit. 31r. J£sxS submitted that it was a question for the jury whether the defendant allowed his wife a competent sum for her support. It appeared that he allowed her nothing at all. The CuIEF BAtON.-I beg your pardon; she has 2001. a- year. Mr. Lusss-And that sum the settlement provides shall be paid to the defendant, He has given thait up to her ent ely, and he virtually alows her 2001. a-year. The CirurF BAXoN.-These parties separate by consent, he retolning his b001. a-year, and she 2001. a-year, which cane from her father. I am of opinfon that there is no evidence whatever to fix the defendant with any liability to the plaintiffs. Ifa man of 10.0001. a-year choomse to limit his wife's personal expenditure° to 2001. a-year he tto do so. s cannot starve her, but he ma}e her any specific allowanoe. I am so clear upon this subject that I invite a bill of exooptions to nayruling, which is that there is nlo evidentco inhla to sOhrow bany aeusthloritiy from the defendant to pledge his credit Mr. J As _s.-If that is yourLordship's deliberate opinon, I have no alternative left than to accept your Lordship's invitation. The CifER BAox.-Very good. His Lordship then directea the jury to find for the defendant. Verdict for the defendant accordingly. SECOND COURT. (Sittings ac Xisi Prius, before Mr. Baron BRAxwELr and Common Juries.) PARSONS V. MOLYNEUX. This was an action brought to recover damages for the wrongful conversion of the plaintiffs goods by the defendant. The defendant pleaded not guilty. Mfr. Huddleston and Mr. Henry James appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Petersdorff and Mrh. Chitty represented the defendant. It appeared from the plaintiffs case that he was a working engineer and the patentee of a machine for bleaching linen, &c. In May, 1856, he met a Mr. Samuel Molyneux, the brother of the defendant Mr. Edward Molyneux ; Mr. Edward. Molyneux was a barrister, and the landlord of certain premises situated in the City-road, which were let to his brother, who used them as saw-mills. Mr. Samuel Molyoeux engaged the plaintiff, who told him of his patent, as his resident engineer, At a salary of 7s.pe day, and directed him to brinthe model of his patent lbleaching machine to the saw-'ils, where kit could be put up, and he and the defendant would endeavour to get up a company for the purpose of carryin out the patent. He remained in amrael's employ unt¶l June of the present year, but during that period he had the greatest difficulty In obtaining any money at aU for his wages, and at that cred. a balance of 801. was due to him. Swmuel had since become bankrupt. One day in June last he was told that his services were no longer required, and he was ordered to quit the premises, without being allowed to remove his tools, which cost him 251., or the model of his bleaching machine, which he valued at 200L He subsequently heard that these goods had been seized and sold by the defendant for rent which the latter alleged had accrued under an agreement which the plaintiff had entered into with him to take a certain roam at the mills at a rental of 10 par week. The pelaintiff nowv swore most distinctly that no such agreement had been entered into, and he therefore sought to recover the value of the goods so seized. Several other witnesses were caledi in support]of this case. The defence was that the plaintiff had hired a room in the miUs at a rental of IOs. per week, for the purpose of exhibiting his bleaching machine; that the rent not having been paid for a long time the defendant had seized the goods in question in satisfaction of the rent. So far from Samuel Molyneux being indebted to the plaintiff for wages, he had never employed him as resident engineer at a fixed salary, but, as he wag on the premises, he had employed him in doing several odd jobs, for which he had paid him at the time. Mr. Samuel Molyneux had a claim for steam supplied by him to the plaintiff amounting to 1151, which was the subject of another actlon. The defendantk his brother, and several other witnesses were called in support of this view of the case. Mr. PErTEISDORFF having summed up the defendant's case, Zr. H. JAmS replied. Mr. Baron BRAmwxum, in summing up, said that the chief question for the jury would be whether they considered that the Dlaintiff had been employed by Mr. Samuel Molyneux, or whether in their opinion he had beeome a tenant to Mr. Edward Molyneux. Unfortunately, if they believed the plaintiff, they must consider that the defendant and his witnesses had committed deliberate perjury, for there was a most complete contradiction between the parties. Did they think it likely that the plaintiff, who, according to his own account, was a poor man, would have remained in the service of the defendant's brother when he found his wages so much iu arrear ? They must look at the facts that had been laid before them, and give their verdict accordingly, and, if they found for the plaintiff, wlth such damages as they considered would compensate him for the loss he had sustained The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff for 311., the price at which his machine had been condemned at the time of the distress. EXCHEQUER CHAMBER. (Sittings in Error, before Mr. Justice COLERIDGE, Mr. Justice EREE, Mfr. Baron MtvATN, Mr. Justice CRO1PtoN, and Mr. Baron WATSON.) SAMPSON V. HODDWEIT. This ease stood for argumentk but when called on It was stated that the parties had agreed that the judgment of the Court below should be affirmed. Judgment affirmed. SHEELY V. THE PROFESSIONAL LIFE IFSURANCE COX - rANY. This was an appeal against a iudgment of the Court of Common Pleas in favour of the plaintiff on demurrer and s5ecial verdict. The action was brought on a judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland for 7651 damages and 271. Us. lld, eosts. The question at issue in the court below and on the appeal was whether the defendants had been so served with the procems of the Irish Court as to render them amenable to its jurisdietion and the iudgMent valid. It appeared that the defendant company was registered in London, and had an agent in Ireland ; when the action in that eountry was commeneed the Court of Qaeen's Bench made an order that the writ should be served by leaving a copy with the agent in Ireland, and sending another by post to the chief officer in London; that was done, and, as the defendants did not appear, judgment was marked against tbem. When the action was brought on the judgment in the Court of Common Pleas in this country they contended that the order of the Irish Court was irregular, and, as they had not been duly served with process, the judgment was bad, but the Court decided against them. Mr. BOVILL, for the defendants, contended that the mode of servingcorporationsinIrelandwas regulated by the 8th section of the 13th and 14th Victoria, c. 18, which required that a notice of the Issuing of the writ should be inserted in the Gaette, and that had not been done in this case. The 9th section,which gavepowerto the Court to make an order to institute service by sending the writ through the post, applied only to the case of individual defendants. Mr. Serjeant SHEE (with whom was Mr. Finlaison), for the plaintiff, was stopped by the Conrt. Mr. Justics COLERIDGE said the Court wag clearly of opinion that the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland had jurisdiction to make the order; the 8th section of the Act applied to corporations in Ireland, and it was clear that the present case was exactly one of those intended to be provided for by the 9th section. The other judges concurred. Judgment affirmed.
COURT FOR TErF CONSIDERATION OF CROWN CASES RESERVED. Nov. 2B. nuas was the day named for this Court sitting, but, after the officers and parties had been in attendance for nearly an hour Mr. Justice WILLIAMS and Mr. Baron C5AN-YELL came into court and stated that in consequence of so many Courts sitting there were not a sufficient ntmber of Judges to form this Court; the business must therefore be postponed till Monday, at 12 o'clock.
MIDDLEHSXE SESSONS, Salurday, Nov. 28. (Before Mr. BLISS, Q.C.) Alfred Giles, 22, was indicted for steaUng a horse, cart, and set of harness, the property of Thomas Argent. Ufr. Digby appeared for the prosecution; Mr. Metoalfe for the prisoner. The prosecutor, a hawker, took a pony and small cart, or barrow, to New Smithfield Market to sell, and the prisoner, who was a dealer in " screws," aRreed to buy the lot for 61. 5s., and paid lOs. as a deposit, promising to pay the balance as soon as he could get a check oashed. The prosecutor did not intend to part with the property until he had reeeived the whole of the money, but the prisoner, while his back was turned a short time, sent a lad off with It to a stable near where he lived, The prisoner hbad given the prosecutor his correct address, and he was taken into custody on the charge of stealing his pony and cart. The case for the prosecution was that the prisoner from the first intended to trick the prosecutor out of his property without paying him, but it was contended by Mr. Metealfe for the defence that the charge of felony was preposterous, and that there was a complete sale to the prisoner, who would have ultimately paid the money had not the prosecutor been so hasty in preferring the eharge. The jury found the prisoner iNot Ouilty. George Firblock, 18, shepherd, pleaded " Guilty" on a preceding day of having stolen six sbeep, the property of Henry Phelps Baxter. He was sentenced to be kept to hard labour for one year. George Cape, 22, potman, confessed himself " Guilty" of steallsa oashbox and 391.. the property and money of Oliver Foster, hismaster. He was sentenced to hard labour for one year. Ebenezer Hargrave, 24, pleaded " Guilty" to a charge of feloniously assaulting Walter Aske, putting him in fear, and with oroe and violenoe, against his will, steling a wato from his person, and also of assaulting Charlotte Asie. The prosecutor was returisag home at 2 o'clock in the morning with his wife, and when at tho corner of Spencerstreet, GosweU-street, the prisoner knocked them both down, and robbed the prosecutor of his watch. A cry of " Stop thief r' wM raised, and a pl£ceman stopped the prisoner who was rnmln. Hesdd, "lie's just gone up here; he's robbed a houso 1 Ihall catch huim ; let me go." " Oh, no " said the constable, " that won't do; just come back with me." Just then he dropped the watch, and on being confronted with the prosecutor and his wife they identified him as their assailant. Mr. BiMSS sentenoed him to three years' penal servitude. Two boys named Walker and Austin were indicted for a plate robbery. They pleaded "G uity." A oonstable ef the N division stated that Walker had been eight times in custody,andAustin 13. Walker bad been convicted on each occasion, and Austin upon six. The last conviction of Walker was for a robbery upon the property of Cardinal Wiaeman, at Walthamstow. ir. Buss said it appeared that there were four in a gang, the prlsoners being two of them, who got over a wAi adjoining a gentleman's house, through the pantry window, and stole the plate basket. He sentenced the prisoners to 14 months' hard labour. (Before Mr. CBEASY.) Amelia West, 20, was indicted for stealing 25s., the moneys of George Fillers. On the 7th init the prosecutor, a salesman, was standing at the door of a warehouse belonging to him in Red Lionstreet, Spitalfields, and near him was a table on which there was 61. or 71. in silver. The prisoner and a man went up to the table and snatched up a handful of the money. He collared the man, but by the help of the prisoner he got away and abe was ecured. The jury fornd her Guily, and, being a well.known thief, she was sentenced to four years' penal servitude. Mry Bannon, 45, a ticket-ofE eave woman, was indicted for stealing a watch and chain and 30s., the property and money of John Coffin. The prosecutor was a publican at Southampton, and on the 21st of last month he was in town on business, and got in company with tle prisoner near St. Eatharine's-wharf. He pased the night with her at No. 14, Thrall-street, Bputalfield., and she took an opportunity to rob him of his watch and the contents of his pockets. The jury found her Guilty, and one of the female officers of the prison p roved that in 1851 she was sentenced to transportaion by this Court, and was t,hen a well-known Mr. CREAST said imprisonment would be useless in such a cas, and sentenced the prisoner to four years' penal servitude. Ann Hackett, 35, was convicted of stealing 41. 10s. The prisoner and another woman went into a beershop in Mercer-street, Shadwell, and snatched up a heap of silverwhich was lying on a table behind the bar. Former convictions were proved against her, and Mr. OREASY passed a sentenc of penal servitude for four years.
POLMcE. Bow-sMnxy.-Mr. Charles W. Heath, who stated he was sn American at present residing with his family at a coffeehouse In Holborn, was charged with assaultingan idiot brother, a rather diminutive person of about 30. It appeared that the case had been taken up by some of the onutide passengers of an omnibus, who witnessed the assault while the vehicle happened to be passing the house. Two of the witnesses, MKr. E, Landells, the celebated artist, and Mr. Dent, a licensed victusller of Camden-town, deposed to having seen the defendant strikiDng a young man about the head with hiB clinched fists, while the latter was sittLng passively in a chair, and with such apparent violonce as to ustify them in alighting from the omnibus and inqnirinE into the m Tatter The defendant came downstaira and told them that the person assaulted was his idiot brother, and that he had ben very troublesome, although he denied having used any unnecessary violence towards him. Snbsequenty they had an interview with theafflicted youth, who said he had been beaten very severely. Defendant sad, "Ionlythreatenedhim;I did notreUaly hithira;" butthe lad rejoined, " Yes, indeed he did." A third witness declared he thought the boy was being murdered, such was defendant's violence In answer to the charge the defendant said the witnesses were altogether mistaken in supposing that ho had treated his brother with the violence described by them. The young man was an idiot, and, although from his diminutive and childish appearance he looked lie a boy, he was reaUy 30 years of age. He was subject to fits of furv, and being very strong and dangerous while they lasted wtwas necessary to make a great show of violence in order to subdue him. On one occasion he threw a double-headed axe at his own mother, which wonld have kiled her on the spot if she had not fortunately avoided it. The only way of keeping him in order was to threaten him with great violence, and then he became frightened and promised to amend, and often kept his promise for weeks and months together. On the morning in question he had been making paper " soldiers," or pipe.-ighters, and on being told that he was doing wrong he became enraged and swore dreadfully. This being a symptom of his approaching fit, he (defendant) pretended to beat him. "Undoubtedly (he continued) I might have got all this trouble off my hands long ago by sending him to an asylum, but I hava that love for him that I will not intrust him to the care of strangers." The MAGisrIiATE considered this explanation satisfactory, if It could be confirmed, and eventually accepted the defendant's recognizances to appear at a future day to give evidence in support of his statement if be desired to do so. MAnRLBOROUG-SmTr.-Thomas Elsden, a middle.aged man of re table exterior, was charged with obtaining drapery goo underfraudulent pretences. It was understood the polieo were exceedingly anxious for a remand, believing there would be several other cases against the prisoner, with whom, In his nefarious system, there are no doubt others connected. Remanded tiU this day week. THxANa.-.John Wllmot, aged 25, a well-known thief who was described as a waiter, of No. 1, Shovel-alley, St. whorge's intes Eas t, was charged°wiNth stealing a horse and van, a hogshead of raw sugar, and 64 loaves of sugar called titlers, the proper of Peter Bowen, a carman, of No. 36, Brick-lane, Spitarfields. Ilr. Y~AinoL remanded the prisoner until Thursday next.
RB WILLIAM DSAIS MACA ULEY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-From a report in Vi~c Times of this morning, uLnder the Ulerkenwell police inwt4elence, I fear I imay sustain a great injury unless you permit me to give the following explanation:- Mr. Harrison, a merchant carrying on business at 20, Lawrence-lane, City, informed me that the defendant MAcauley had obtained two bills from the complainant Dunham, and that Dunham could not obtain the return of same, I immediately waited on Dunham with Mr. Harririson, and Dunham suggested I should endeavour to obtain the bills, in order that they might not be negotiated. They accompanied me to my offico, when I asked the defendant for the bills; he produced them, and I took them into the adjoining room and delivered them to Mr. Harrison, to hold until a decision should be come to respecting them, the defendant asserting that he ha paid the complainant part of the moneyfor same. This is the whole of my knowledge of the matter, and as Mr. Dunham has not thought promr to state the circumstances under which he saw the bills in my hands (where they remained for about two minutes), I trust you will permit me to give this explanation. I am, Sir, yours obedientlv. T. TTAN3T 60. Lre at James-street, Bedford-row, Nov. 28.
[Advertisement] - Miss Stricklatnd's "Lives of the Queens of England," eedcated by expret permmisdon tc Ier majesty. The new edition of this work. revised. oorrecte, anld augmeatet, an embeUiabedita por t ot eveV Qaee is nuow publihedby? ,emm Longman aud Oo., and is complete ln S volt., prie 43. cloth, lettered; or any volume c be had seately. price 7s. Gd . to cmuple%e telS. " In this series o blograDbles." oberves the Morning Heral. " In which the severte *th of history tsem almont the wildness ot romance, itis tbhegular merit of [se Strickland thst ber re%tesch hat enabled her to throw new light on many doubtful passge. to bring forth froh facteand to render every Portion of our annalswhibch bhe baa dosdbhedan interestingand raluabe tsIdy. 8he hat given a moot valuable oontributiou to the history of Eaglaud, and we have no besitation it affitrmig that uo one can be said tV poswse an accurate knewledge of the hitory of til coucrky who ha; eot tu4edth* truly nationalvwork, which luthisnewedition hatreceivoaUthebaidsthat farther rewaob on the pat of the autbor aud of embeUlishment on the part of the publihers oould lend to make It still more valusble and still more atractiive thau lthsdbeou in its "rignal form_' [Advertisement.1-" Smiles and Team; a Tale of our own Tims"' SuchL Is the title of a new. po terf a], and deeplyinteresting tale ritten by J. F. Smithb auth or of " Dik Tarleton, phases of Lie." " Stanfleld EIl." &o.. chapter 1 aud 2 of which sprearinNo.'Anew serie of "Outsell's Illustrated Family Paper," p Uisbed this ay. Cste 'a Paper will In future contaiu 16 naee cemy quart, price l n. head ot eight page demy fUo a heretofore* Simulnueoely with t"i new and original bale by K(r. J F a dometic tale of hi4h preteonioes by Feltz Stowe. thetitleofvwhci "Ltou,' has been c ommenoed. The lend panoramic man of India measrig 22 inches by b. aocompatled with a chr5nulooclistorynO ladis, is immed with No. I. new eerier of "Cseisflnt.e FarmliPaper." The prite ofthepanoraic map and No. 1mof OCasell's Family Paper will be lid. for bth publilOtiona fprhct within one mont. beyond that Period the trice of the ma alone wil beGd. Volumeia4 Lnowready ro 7ee 6s.G inecloth boards, and Es. Gd. In paper oarerm London, W. Kent and Go. [Advertmsement.]-ndia, g ratis.-Oa SundAy next each espy of tise "Disatch" will be ccmpanied by an awtieicaiiy coloored MapW of the Northern prtion of the general Map of India. To prevent te poslbilitsr of edRafPip4tme," cFneequect noon the enormous tale ot The " Dratch," persune desiroua ot poFBcb.jlg the Dispatch Oolouired Atls ace ormel that should the newpmaper be out of print with wbhich any pMrtilaour map be been preUeted, much map may always be Obtained wIthL the Paper for any future week. The prIce Of the " DISPatob," tinstasPed, SCd. stamped (to go free by post). Gd. The Friday everdlgediturnayoreoror In tho mnoaldistatpaerts of the kingdom en at.Bday mornn_ orden received by all newsagent, and at the office. 139. Meet-street. Nlewt %eate ebroeghout the kingdora are coquet to forwerd their names aT d addressee, whenb=pfeiens of the splendid Double Map (oloured or ia wil be foded. Potroloes, with sprtig clp baks, are now ready, lDrice 35. Od.. 4t., and upwards. (Advertisement.P The Arbt Treasure Exhibition; its Objet;and " teastai-The December number of the -ArtTJournatl (prIce 2s. 6dn complete the volume for 1857l and wontains two eu gravingc from the Royal coUetlco.-'"Eveningt InItly."after Richard. son, ud"The Jager,-- after FOltz with an engraviurz of 'r Eton Col rteg atter W. v nda. The blteraturo includes-" Sonth KensngtoWn liluseum '" "Rambles in Rome-itaffuelie," by F. W. FairhOitF.SA. Illustratea-` The Steam EOnie," by on Ustut. F."t8.-"I Gift Bmks for 0hristmae," lIlu,trated_' Enamel Painting." by 0. Tomlinson"The Book of the Thames," by Mr. aud MNt, S. C. Hall Iustrated, &c. Virtue and Co., 25. Paternogt,r-row. Loudon; aTd al bOOkel . [Advertisemnet. BenTefs cewany," pri 2s. 6ic- Contents for Decombe. No YCn :-rmnre Nr'aoleon'a JOUrney tr the -North-Mlidnight ont yteato of "Too Pa,ssing Deli; lwSt songs of Blerauger byYneod e eYa"t of anInia Sn oneyso Le (conludInd. chapter' Eho ve d ndDAbout' An Old InldPiao OerblevonthUotoh the indlan'ltero't: Thde tIA ArmyU :arden Rhymes falor mPiccant *uni0. byr Walterhornbury; MY Wife and "amy Theam eeaJS thotmnted *uraor ofChapter (Life of an Archi. heeth "OcrEiht ar;"The (slo l ttea Pretition; The Miionair ot Mincinglatne-a o tale of the dtimes. Duldeley Costello (concu'ding Ghaptere.l roendon, ichatrde Bentley. publBorogton-street. ~JAdertienint.1Work ofFictio at a Permanent ee.TrunerandCo.offr M. Oaris lead'snew n3ovel. " White Li," t he ermnet pierofoneguiea "White Lita baa alradyacheve a rea sueet intheUniedStates, and is now ready. TrubneranCo.Ptrserow [Advertisement * u 'snwwok des and Reveries of Fdo 1a &inPcuu opper, it niow etajy In One vOl IOt.GL 6d n.A h hv ea n prolted by ' Pro- vebilrllooiy' il ld n hre Rdsudltvela'nc f h
PORVIG? INTELLW1ENCE. - - FRANCE. (?aoM oua OWN CORrmSoPlDmmI tA portiona of the following appeared ia our second edition Of satl2xasvt PARIS, FPIDAY, NOV. 27, 6 P.M. Vie reason that there was no exchange yesterday of ratifications of the Iimitation Convention by the representatives of the Powers that signed the Treaty of Paris is that the Rusm=n imaps were not ready. I have already mentioned that the two Republican candidates for Paris, MM. Carnot and Goudehaux, and M. Henon for Lyons, had intimated their resolution not to take the oaths, nor, as a matter of course, their seats. The following Is the laconic letter they have each addressed to the President of the Legislative Bodr:- "M. Le Presldent,-The exiting laws exact from members eleoted to the Legislative Body an oath to which I cannot subscrlbe. I have the honour to tender you my resignation." With a view to prevent such refusal in future, it is said to be contemplated by the Government to propose that the present electoral law shall be so amended as that no individual shall present himself as a candidate to the electors without previously binding himself to take the oaths in case of election. A despatch from Lyons mentions that groups of unemployed workmen crowded the streets. It was rumoured that disturbances had occurred. I am assured such is not the came; precautions have, however, been taken in case of emergency. A meetlng of the directors of the various railway companies took place yesterday. Various plans were proposed for giving employment to the distressed workmen, but no definite resolution was come to. The opening of the branch line of railway from Narbonne to Perpignan is announced for the 15th of December. The line is 15 leagues long. The -works are completely finished, with the exception of the terminus at Perpignan. The directors of the Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean and Bordeaux and Cotte Railway Companies have agreed that there shall be but one terminus at Cette for the departure and arrival of trains from Montpellier and Toulouse. This arrangement will do away with the inconvenience to travellers of conveying them in omnibuses from one railway to the other. A letter from Marseilles of the 25th inst. informs us that after several days of continued rain an easterly wind set in, which in a short time increased to a hurricane, and caused great alarm, not without reason. The house No. 35, Rue Terusse, was blown down and several persons killed. Another house fell in the Rue Arsenal, but without injury to the inmates. The lightning struck a new house not quite finished in the Grand Chemin de Rome, 27. One of the walls was thrown down and a mason seriously injured. it was feared at Mlarseilles that great damage had been done to the %hipping in the gulf by the hurricane. The first two volumes of a new History of England has just issued from the Paris press. The author M. Emile de Bonnechose, is a French writer, already known to the public by his History of France, and his work entitled T7he Reform Ipreui4is to the Reformation. His present history is, so far as bulk is concerned, something between the uaual abridgments of historical works which are mostly dry and uninteresting and the more voluminous labours of the English historianswithwhich he seems to be familiar. "I have not the pretension," he says in his preface, "to teach Englishmen the history of their own country, but perhaps it may noot be uninteresting to them to see what is most authentic in their own annals, and better narrated by their great writers, reproduced by a stranger. I restore what they have lent me, but I restore it without the alloy which, particularly in England, hereditary prejudices or political and religious passions lhave mnixed up with it." M de Bonnechose takes pains to show the history of English institutions by facts rather than by theories; and in the comparison he draws between certain important periods of French and English history he dwells on the different destinies which the institutions of both countries have met with. He attributes that result partly to the different constitution of their aristocracies, and, again, to the perpetuation of German institutions in England from the Saxon inavasion to the present day. In a former work, which was "crowned" by the French Academy, M. de Bonnechose examiines the origin of the English nation in a point of viewv different from M. Augustin Thierry, who refers everything in England to the Norman conquest, and who sees, nearly toour own times, two distinct races in a state of permanent hostility on its soiL M. de Bonnechose, on the contrary, discovers in English in3fitutions and character, notwithstanding apparent differences, the existence of that real unity which is the essential element of force and duratlion. The present volumes bring tho narrative down to the doath of Elizabeth. M. de Bonnechose finds certain traits of character common to Louis XIV. and the Great English Queen. The following is the parallel he draws between them:- " Elizabeth, like Louis XIV., brought vith her to the throne the genius of order and the instinct of power after the long disorders which rendered the concentration of great force in firm hands desirable to the people. She, like him, knew how to appreoiate merit, and to employ it; to J select Ministers, and to keep them; to gather around her great men, and yet continue to be great herself. In both Royal natures may be found the same pride, the same in- i tolerance, the same disregard for the rights of others, the same necessity to concentrate ah in themselves, and the same spirit of domination. But the weaknesses of the human heart are much more apparent In Elizabeth, in whom we find disimulation pushed to hypocrisy, vanity to madness, and severity in religious persecution without the excuse of superstition or fanaticism, and littlenesses side by side with traits of supreme grandeur. There was ln Louis XIV., considered as a man and as a King, more evenness of character; there is to be found in his disposition and conduct a better sustained harmony, and an unalloyed dignity. He nevertheless committed more faults than Elizabeth, to whom fortune was iaithful to the last. The reason is that Elizabeth was on the throne in a very different position from that of continental kings. She felt herself, notwithstanding all her haughtiness, under the pressure of necessities from which it was impossible for her to extricate herself. She had neither a standing army to compel obedience, nor the means of maintaining one. She reigned over a people who in the worst days endured all from their tyrants but one thing -viz., the imposition of permanent and arbitrary taxes without any limit than that of their good pleasure; and to vanquish resistance on that point she could not, in default of an army, array one class of her subjeots against another. The fusion between them was complete, and there was but one voice throughout England to declare that the right of every British citizea was to be taxed with the consent of the Parliament only. Hence Elizabeth was compellee. to be prudent-not to disregard her people-to win the aflections of her subjects-to be sparing of their blood and wealth. Her authority had thus salutary bounds, which her reason acknowledged, and which were wanting to Charles V., PhUllp IL, and Louis XIV.; and while the latter destroyed every constituted body, and in the institutions everything which was an obstacle to him or which appeared to maintain some force independent of his own, E1L2abeth restrained all without disturbing any, and compressed without destroying. She was not unmindful that the Parliament had proclaimed her right to the throneshe managed them while bending them to her plans-and It was by aflecting a profound respect for traditional and pepu lar institutions that she tranformed them into instruments of despotism. She thus attained, without accident. a long reign, and left the peoplc at her death much more numerous, more powerful, and more wealthy than at her accession to the throneand a memory which has never eeased to be revered by all classes of the English nation." The following private telegrams have been received:- " LARsEILLEs,26th.-Intelligence has been received from Constantinople to the 18th. Ten battallons have been con- centrated on the Danube towards Widdin. The Press e d'Orient states that this movement of troops is caused by the agitation which has taken place in Servia. The regulations relative to the navigation of the Danube will be shortlv published, and are to be in force from the ist of January. Redschid Pasha has sent a memorandum to the representatives of the Powers, in which he claims certain duties for keeping up the lighthouses on the Turkish coasts. The ambassador-. hare protested." "TrusvTE, 26th.-Advices from Constantinople to No. vember 21 announce -the sudden death of Isset Pasha. From Athens, 21st, it is stated that the President of the Council of Ministers has resigned. The Chambers have adjourned, the deputi-w not being insuiient numnber." The receipts of the P aris and Orleans Railway Company for the week ending the 18th November amount to 1,076,916f. 76c., being a derease of 111,025f. 59c. as compared with the corresponding X79 Pt lat year, Th, receits fr9or the 1la January to the 18th November amount to 51,354,465!. 24c., being an increaseof 5,748,460f. 89c. as compared with the 0orresponding period of the year 1856. The Three per Cents. cloed to-day at 67f. 10c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-aIEalf per Cents. at 90f. 80a.; Orleams Railwaysbares, 1,275f.; Great Northern, 880f ; Strasburg, 715f.; Paris to Lyons and the Meediterranean, 830f.; Western of France, 635f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 520f.; Great Central of France, 603f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 600f.; Bank of Cr6dit (obiller, 746f. 25c.; Austrian Railways, 656f. 25c.; Russian Railways, 492f. 50c. Opurs AUO que.-FAPai, November 27.-Cash Prices. -Four-and-a-Ha per Cents. (not reinbursble for 10 years) f 80c.e Three per Cents., 67f. 35o. '0c. 20c. lOc. o0.; B=k of Exanoe, 2,985f. 2%997f. 50c. 3,000f.; ditto (550f. paid), 2,990!. 2,997f. 50c. 3,000f.; Cr6dit Fonder, 532f. 50c. ; ditto, Obligations of 500!., Four er Cents., 422f. 50c. 425f. 420f.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 92f. 50c., ditto, Three per Cents., 405f. ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents. 80.'- Cr6dit Mobiler, 55f. 760f. 750f. 755f. 752f. 50c. 760f. ; biscount Bank, 666f.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 88f., ditto, Three per Cents.. 53f.; Austrian Five per Cents.. A84; Belian F -rand. H-alF per Cents., 96g; Rcentc de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; Rloman,s, 864; Epar,lsh DeFerred Converted, 24S, dltto, Three per Cents. Exterior Debt, 40a; ditto, Interor, 37. 13sehange on London, at slght, paper, 2Sf. 450<; money, 251. 450.; three month;s paper, 24!. 8Oa.; money, 24f 774a. SATURDAY, Nov. 28. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. 20c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f. 85o.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,280!.; Great Northern, 890f. ; Strasburg, 640f.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 847f. SOc.; Western of France, 645f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 525f.; Great Central of France, 605f.; Lyons and Geneva, 625f. ; Bank of Cr6dlt Mobilier, 752f. 50c. ; Austrian Railways, 660f. ; Roman Railways, 490f.; Russian Railways, 495f. CouLn Au stq -P-AxR, Nov. 28.-Cash PFle&eFour.and.a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 90f. 75c. 80c. 85c.; Three per Cents., 67f. 15c. 10o. 15c. 20c.; Bank of France, 3,000f.; ditto (550f. paid), 3,000f.; Cridit Foncier, 530f. 532f 50c., ditto, Obligations of 500., Four per Cents., 422f. 5Oc.; ditto, Three per Cents., 405f. ; ditto, Tenthr, Four per Cents., 92f. 50c.; Credit Mobilier, 747f. 50oc. 750f. 755f. 760f. 755f. 757f. S0c. ; Discount Bank, 660f. 670!.; Piedmontese Five per Cente., 88f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 88+; Belgian Four.andd-a-HaIf per Cents., 96.j; Renisas, S62: Spaish Deferred Converted, 24Q; ditto, Intertior Debt, d6f 57. lExchange on London,, at sight, paper, 2Sf. 45c.; money, 25f. 4vc.; tihree months, paper, 24f. 77+c.; mone,y, 24!, 75o, TURKEY. (FRoM oUn oWN ConM sPoN.) CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 18. The Turks have agreed to the ratification of the only remaining disputed point on the Turco-Russian frontier, according to the compronise proposed by the English and French commissioners. This disputed point was at the confluence of the Arfa Tslal with the river Araxes. The Turks claimed a piece of ground formed by the right bank of the former and the left bank of the latter river, which was occupied by the Russians, while the Russians claimed a piece of about equal extent on the right bank of the Araxer between two streams, which join it almost opposite to the Arfa Tslai, and which is occupied by the Turks. The treaty says that the commission has to verify, and then, if necessary, to ratify the line without prejudice to either party, erification here was out of the question, for the point lies in the direction of Erivan, consequently on the formerly TurcoPersian frontier, which is of the vaguest character, down to the Persian Gulf. The docurnents possessed vere just as vague, and the testimony of the inhabitants even more so. The Turks brought witnesses for their side, so did the Russians, and both parties would have marshaUed up the whole population had the French and English CommiWsioners not stopped it. They proposed, therefore, that the Turks should get the angle formed by the right bank of the Arfa Tslai and the left bank of the Araxes, and the Russians the territory between the two small streams coming from the south. The cession on each side was thus equal, and a good natural frontier is obtained, as the more western stream, which is proposed as a boundary, is close to the mountain ridge on which the frontier runs all along to the Little Ararat. The Turks opposed this arrangement until lately, because it implied a cession of territory of which the treaty says nothing. In vain were they told that there was a difference between such a cession and the cession of a claim. However, the thing may be looked upon as settled; it passed a few days ago through the Council. Last week the first criminal trial by jury took place in the Supreme Consular Court. 'The case was one of manslaughter. In the evening of the 15th of last month a Maltese pilot named Papalardo came with his little daughter of 8 or 10 years of age on shore at the village of Bujukdere, and went to one of the numerous spirit shops kept by his countrymen. While there another Maltese shopkeeper came up and asked him to pay him the money he owed to him. Papalardo replied that he would do so as soon as the shopkeeper would send him his bill. This latter, not satisfied with this, abused him, and went out into the street continuing his insults, and calling the other to come out, when he would settle his account. Papalardo came out, when the other struck him with his fist, which the first repelled, and felled his adversary to the ground; the people rushed out of the shop and found him dead, with a bleeding wound under his left collar-bone. A common sailor's knife, with traces of blood on it, was found some yards off. As the new consular court had not yet begun its functions at the time the crime was committed, the evidence wvas collected by the ordinary consular authorities, but the trial took place before the newly installed Judge of the Supreme Consular Court. According to the order in Council a jury of six British subjects was named, three of whom were Maltese. Mr. Logay, the law secretary of the udge, acted as prosecutor for the Crown, and Mr. dftesntone, one of the resident barristers, for the defence. The trial was fixed for the 12th inst., and the courtroom fitted up in the temporary buildings occupied by the Consulate was crowded speedily with Maltese. The trial took three hours, in which |t witnesses were examined. The chief witness against the prisoner was his own daughter, a child of 10, which made the examination rather painful. There could be no doubt about the act havina been committed by the prisoner, who had come up himself the day after the deed to the Consulate, and said that people accused him of having murdered the shopkeeper, but that he had only defended himself against his aggression. The evidence proved clearly the great provocation to which the prisoner had been exposed; it proved, besides, his former good conduct, as well as the bad character borne by the shopkeeper, who was under strong suspicioni of having murdered the mate of a vessel some months ago. The judge summed up the evidence, and admonished the jury to consider whether the evidence was such as to convince them that the prisoner had committed manslaughter, and not to let themselves be biased by the consideration of the prisoner's previous good conduct, which circumstance had nothing to do with the facts of the case. This remark was to the point, for, if juries in general are rather apt to mix llp considerations which ought to remain foreign to the facts of the case, this was so much the more to be apprehended here, as every one of the class of people to which the prisoner belongs is in the habit of carrying a knife about him and using it freely too, so that the use o£ these instruments to settle quarrels nmight have been rather looked upon in a milder lightby a local than an English jury, especiallv under the extenuating circumstances which prevailed in this case. After some deliberation a verdict of Gtilty was returned, the jury recommending the prisoner to the mercy of the Court on account of the great provocation to which he had been exposed and of his previous good conduct. T2he judge then addressed the prisoner, and pronounced him guilty of manslaughter, and sentenced him to 18 months' imprisonment. He took an opportunity in his address to allude to the use of the Inife, and expressed his determination to administer the law in its strictest sense, in order to put a stop to this piactice. This firat trial by jury will I hope not be without effect; it will convince the troublesome Maltese and loniana that punishment follows crime closely, a fact with which they could only be imperfectly impressed as long as no cases of felony would be judged by the Consular Court. While speaking of this latter, I must say a few words on a subject which I have already before noticed-namely, the Consular prison. Since the new building adjoining the. Consular hospital has been compleeted the prison hag hDflnme A model prison. indeed, it has become too good. There are no means of punishing offenders against prison discipline or executing a sentence of hard labour. Six prisoners are *hut upin one cell, left to their own devices, and just sufficiently fed to counterbalance the want of exercise. The result is, that imprisonment, especially for a short period, is scarcely regarded as a punishrnent. Scarcely a vessel arrives laden with iron, coals, or with other goods difficult to disembark but some sailors strike work and leave the ship before the cargo is got out. The master complains at the Naval Court and they are condemned to a short imprisonment. When this is over aad they have reposed from the fatigues of their voyage the cargo is disembarked, and they are sent haek to England on board some other vessel. There is, indeed, a power to fine them, but this is useless, as they take good care beforehand to take out all the money due to them. If therewere means to make them work instead of letting them be idle they would look twice before they went to prison. Mr. Rornby therefore propowes to employ them to supply the hospital, prison, and the new consular buildings with water, and construct for the purpose a large tank and pumps to pump up the water to the upper floor of the buildings. They would be thus useful at the same time.-- AUSTRIA. (MOM OUR OWN OoRnEsPosNDEXT.) VIENNA, Nov. 25. The Oesterreichische Zeitung of this morning has an axrticle on the projected telegraph between Ragusa and Alexandria which deserves particular attention, as it was written by order of the Finance Department. In substanice it is as follows:- " The Austrian Government entertains an idea of con tributing to the completion of the telegraphic commu. nicatMon between the East and the West, but it will depend entirely on England whether the plan will be realized. A ustria is willing to construct a submarine telegraph between Ragusa and Cortu, and to continue it by way of Zante and Candia to Alexandria. She is willing to establish the necessary stations and offlices, and to forward the despatches in English and in certain other languages. The British Government has expressed its readiness to establish a telegraphic line from Suez, by way of the Red Sea and the Persan Gulf, to Bombay. "1 The British press makes two objections to this plan The one objection Is to the telegraph being carried through the Red Sea; the other, to those concessions being nmade which Austria demands. Many influential persons in England and India seem to think that a telegraphic line through Western Asia would be preferable. Such a line would suit Austria remarkably well, as all despatches which arrived at Constantinople would have to pass through European Turkey and the Austrian dominions, 'unless, indeed, the English should prefer to have their telegrams forwarded by the Russian telegraphs.' If the West Asiatic telegraph should be constructed, Austria will not have to spend a farthing, and will stil be an indispensable link between India and England. The Timxes, however, is fully aware of the numnerous objections which there are to the lune through Western Asia, and believes that the waves wil be the best protection for a telegraph to India. " The concession which Austria requires from England is a reasonable indemnification for the outlay in the construction and maintenance of the proposed telegraph. The great undertaking wil cost some millions (of florins), and these Austria cannot possibly expend unless she has a prospect of obtaining proper interest for them. The present interruption between Cagliari and Malta shows how difficult it Is to calculate what it wi cost to lay down and to keep a submarine telegraph in proper working order. As is already known, the British Government will be at liberty, If the Ragusa-Alexandria line of telegraph should be made, to send its despatches from Corfu to England by any route it may choose, and we be. lieve we may add, 'that the Austrian Government only lays claim to the excludve privilege of forwarding the telegrams between Alexandria and Corfa so long as no other compet. ing (consc2ur-frecnd) line shall have a cheaper tariff for de. spatches than the Austrian telegraph.' The only guarantee which Austria can have that her telegraph from Ragusa to Alexandlia wil pay fs, that the British Government wiU agree to send its despatches by It so long as no other line will undertake to forward them at a lower price. " The only conditions on which Austria will undertake to accomplish the gigantic task of carrying a cable acroms the Mediterranean are-the excluaive right to forward the British despatches from Corfu to Alexandria, and the constraction by England of a corresponding telegraph across the led Sea and the Persian Gulf. These concessions are the price which England will have to pay if a, work so conducive to her interests is to be carried oct." In the Vienna Presse of yesterday evening is a Paris telegram which requires notice. The inhabitants of this city are told that Her lajesty's Government had directed lIord Lyons to send a squadron into the Bay of Naples, but had, " at the request of the Austriasn Cabinet," countermanded the order. Inquiries have this morning been made. on the subject, and it appears that nothing is known in official circles of Lord Lyons having been instructed to send any part of his fleet to Naples. Austria is now on decent terms with England, because it is her interest to be so; but it would be a political blunder if Her Majesty's Cabinet should believe that it has in her a trustworthy friend and ally. At heart the Austrian Government must envy and hate England, for since it has become evident that the mutineers in India have not the shadow of a chance of success its agents have neglected no opportunity of exclaiming against the Englishl for their barbarous cruelty towards the Sepoys and the innocent inhabitants of some of the Indian cities." The Pharisaic Austrians see plainly the mote in the eye of their neighbours, but they are totally unable to perceive the beam in their own. During the last nine years they have been trying by court-martial and shooting the unfortunate subjects of lis Holiness the Pope, but they are shocked to hear that British soldiers take vengeanceon the Sepoys for their atrocious behaviour towards their wives and children. The Emperor of Austria has addressed an autograph letter to the Minister of the Interior, ordering him to direct the authorities in all the provinces of the Empire to raise subscriptions for the sufferers by the explosion in the Federal fortress of Mayence. The Archbishops and Bishops are " invited " (cmyeladenb) to employ their influence in furthering such n charitable work. The Em1nperor has already sent 20,000fl. and the Empress 2,000fl. to Mayence for the relief of the distressed inhabitants of that city. It may be observed that the German lawyers are of opinion that the Bund is bound to indeninify the inhabitants of Mayence for the damage done to their property. On the 19th, the day after the explosion, a considerable part of Mayence was a mere heap of ruins. Thousands and thousands of people went from the neighbouring cities and towns to satisfy their curiosity, and very many of them left behind them unmistakeable proofs of their warm sympathy for their suffering fellowv-countrymen. The Austrians, who have charge of the Artillery at Mayence, aver that no one was in the powtder magazine when it exploded, but a Prussian sentry has stated that an Austrian artilleryman (Peueortcerker) entered it while he was on duty, and had not come out when he wan relieved at 2 o'clock. The lock and keys of the door of the magazine were found at a considerable distance from the Martin's Tower, but the Austrian Colonel of artillery positively affirms that none of his men had "1 any business" In the magazine on the 18th inst. An Austrian artilleryman named Wimmer is missing, although he was not on service in the neighbourhood of the powder magazine, and it is suspected he was the man whom the Prussian sentry saw enter it.* The Council of the Empire has not only accepted the reductions proposed by Baron Briuck, but it has expressed itself to the effect that still greater savings must, if possible, be made. It is generaUy stated that Baron Brick has promised the Emperor that in 1860 there shall be no deficit, but it is to be feared the Minister of Finance will experience some difficulty in keeping his word. The Austrian military men, who in general are of oDinion that the Sepoys have been treated by the 3British troops according to their deserts, say that General Havelock has not been rewarded according to his merits by the British Government. The language used whenever the subject is mentioned is infinitely more expressive than elegant. The Messenger for the Tyrol and Vorarl berg states that on the 11th September two young Enalishmen insisted on crossing the " Mutterberger Fewrne" (a glacier), although advised not to do so by their guiide, one Jacob MIuller, an old chamois hunter. While walking one of the young men lost his footing, and fell into a crevice in the ice which was 54 feet deep. Miiler, after directing the other Englishman to keep w iatek over his friend, started off to * In oz4er that the foregoing account may be perfcotly intelligible, lb is necessary to state, that the Prussias avre to guard the powder magazines and depOts, and the Ax-strians to manage them. AAa m matter of oourse, the ke. azelept by She latter, i Eeek asistance in an Alpine hut, which was about eight miles distant. Mller returned in an incredibly ahort time with three men, who by means of ropes soon rescued the adventurous son of Albion from his unpleasant situation. Both of the Englishmen were so exhausted by fatigue and cold that it was necessary to carry them part of the way to the hut, where they| passed the nlght. As the travellers only gave one iiorin (2s.) to three of the men and 2 francs to the I fourth, the Stadtholderof the provice ordered them to be properly paid out of a Government fund. NAPLES. (FmOM OUR OWNr COUBnSPONDaNT.) lNAPLES, Nov. 21. Srnce I last wrote an important step has been taken regarding the English engineers in imprisonmnent at Salerno. The Rev. Giles Pugh, the Chaplain of the British Legation in Naples, after repeated efforts, has at length obtained permission to visit them, and on Wednesday last he went down to Salermo for that purpoee. With that strict impartiality and respect for truth which have always guided, and always will guide me, I give you the following details of the visit, and I believe that they will be found to be correct. On Mr. Pugh's first application it was urged that it was oppowed to the law for any person to be admitted to aee a prisoner in the actual state of the proceedings, but it was finally admitted that the case of a clergyman wishing to visit him might be exceptional, and, on an application being made to :His Majesty, an immediate order was sent for M£r. Pugh to have free access to our countrymen at any time. Accordingly, last Wednesday be went down to Salerno to visit them, andwas not only freely ad- uitted, but had the opportunity of unreserved conversation in English with them. As neither the day nor the hour of the intended visit had been mentioned, the fair inference is that no preparations had been made for the visit. The men were comfortably lodged in a room in the head Custode's house; together with them was the Captain of the Cagliari, nd each had his separate bed& They appeared to be in good health, and in their linen and the arrangements of the room every atten'tion to cleanliness seemed to have been paid so far as was compatible with their position. As Mr. Pugihb -visit was strictly ministerial, I have reason to beiieve that he felt a delicacy in urging mnany questions which any one differently situate might have done, biat, In the coure of conversation, the engineers assured him that they had been generally well treated (and one of them added he had met with much kindness) and had plenty of what was needed, as the Genoa Steamboat Administration sent them money through the Procurator-General. Mr. Pugh has permission to go, and at any time he wishes, to tee prison, and to supply our countrymen with such religious books as they may be desirous of reading. I believe I am right in stating that the men complained of their long incarceration without trial, of being cut off from all intercourse with their friends and of their having been handcuffed when they landed. Two words on railway matters-M. Jules Mires, who is established in Rome, is now in Naples; wby, I cannot telL Signor Melisurgo and General SabbateUi have left Naples on a trip down the projected Puglia line. The General, it is said, is sent by the Government, and is to enforce the purchase of shares by the communes and other persons en route. There are some hopes of their making 5,000,000 ducats in this way, but I have little faith in the free investment of capital in such a speculation so long as a despotic Government may issue decrees which wil at any moment affect the value of property materially, and so long as aU guarantees are refused. Twelve hundred men are now put on the terminus of the railway from La Cava to Salerno.
COURT CIRBCULARL WMNSOR~, Nov. 28. The arquls of Iansdowne and the Countess of Shel. burne arrived yesterday on a vists and in the evening dined wvith Her Majesty. The party a]so included their Royal Hlighnesses the Duchess of Kient, the Princess Royal, and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, his ExceUlency the French Ambassador and Countess Persigny, and Lady Anna The Queen, with the Princes3 Royal, walked in the Home park this morning, and visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Ken.t Frogmore. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort, accompanied by the Prince of ales and Prince Frederick William of Prussia, went out hunting. The French Ambassador and Countess Persigny left the Castle in the forenoon, His Royal Highness the Prince Consort honoured Mr. John Phills, AR.A., with a final sitting for the porbrait of his Royal Highness for the Town-hall o. Aberdeen. Her Ma)es's dinner party this day included her Royal Highness th Duchess of Kent, the Princess Royal, Prince Frederick WiMiam of Prnssia, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Counte6s of Shelburne, Iady AnnxsMaria Dawson, the Right Hon. H. aild Lady Mary Labouchere, Captain Von Schweinitz, and Dr. Wegner; also the Right Elon. Sir George Grey, and the Right Hon. T. Pemberton Leigh. who arrived in the afternoon on a visit. SUNDAY. The Queen rnd Prinoe Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Princess Alice, Princess Helena, and Prince Frederick WiUiamu of Prussia, the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Court, and the domestic household attended divine service this naorningin the private Chapel. The Marquis of Lansdowne and the visitors staying in the Castlo were also at the service. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiated. A deputation, oonslsting of Sir William Codrington, the Rev. enryBown, Messrs. GeorgeHudson, Samuel Dixon, John Hammond, W. P. Jackson, and Richard Pidcock, had an interview with the Right Hon. Sir Benjamin Hall on Saturday at the office of Works, Whitehall-place. The JudiCal Committee of the Pr.vy Council sat on Saturday. An appeal from Bengali "Chuoturya Raun Murdun Syu v. Sahub Purhulad WSyn" (part-heard), was resumed. The Lords present were-the Lords Justices Knight Bruce and Turner, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall, and Sir E. Ryan. Despatohes wrere received yesterda at the Colonial-office from the Governors of Hongkong, (eylon, the Australian Colonies, the Cape of Good Hiope, and MIalta.
THE WIND OF PROJECmIaS.-The fact that a cannon-ball passing close by a living subject exercises a lateral presaure on the air sufficient to produce a contusion has often been asserted and as often denied. Or. this disputed matter M. E. Pclikan, of St. Petersburg, has just presented a paper to the Academy of Sciences of Paris, giving an account of certain experiments instituted with a view to set the question at rest. Having obtained the concurrence of the Russian government, M. P61lkan caused a cylinder of sheet iron, one foot in diameter, to be constructed, with a piston moving easily inside. The piston. rod was provided at its outer extremity with a black lead pencil to mark the recoil on a slip of paer. The whole a,partus was firmly fixed on a strong wooden frame. The piston and piston-rod weighed 81b., and a force of lAlb. was requisite to make the piston recoil an inch. At four metres' distance from the frame a wooden screen was erected, in order to ascertain the distance of the projectile from the piston at the moment of its passage. Although the experiments instituted in 1843 and 1844 in the arsenal of Washington, by Major Mordicay proved that at the distance of 48 feet the gases emanating from the powder have no effect upon the balistc pendulum, a second screen was placed before the other, at 5 metres' distance from the apparatus, in order to protect it, if necessary, from the action of these gases. A 401b. howitzer was then placed at a distance of 14 metres from the first screen, the charge of powder being 41b.; the velocity of the projectile at that distance was equal to that of a bombshell projected with a 71b. charge-viz., 9.56 feet per second. The results obtained showed,-1, that at a distance of 3 inches, the piston remnained immovable; 2, that even when the projectile broke off a part of the wooden frame sapporting the cylinder the piston gave no indication of motion; 3,but that if the projectUe just grazed the surface of the piston, a recoil of 2 inches wes obtained; 4, if, on the other hand, a fragment of the frame hit the cylinder the piston, instead of moving backwards, would move fowards about 3t lines; 5, If the cylinder, instead of betin placed parallel to the screens, was placed obliquely, arecoil wonld take place of from one-quarter eo one-half of an inch. l Hence L Pelikan concludes that, since the piston required a force of lAth. in order to be moved an inch, and the wind of a cannon-ball can never be expected to exercise such a force, the passage of a projectile close to a living subject will only prodauce an insignificant effect, which cannot amount to a contusion. SEvENiThsHER.Nmw DRowxED.-During the gale of Monday last two fishing-boats riding at anchor off Cockenzie, in the 'Firth of Forth, were dragged from their Imoorings and swamped. The accident occurred about1 o'clock in the afternoon, when the boats were about half a mile from the shore, and, though every exertion was at once made by the agonizei inhabitants of the town, who witnessed the despairing struggles of the unfortunate mariners to reach the land, oul three of the 10 men who were on board could be savea. One of the boats belonged to Cockenzie s nd the other to Prestonpans. The former had a *rew of five, four of whom were drowned; the fifth man succeeded in lashing himself to an oar, and was picked up by another boat, after being an hour in the water, and, as may readily be imagined, in an exhausted condition. The Prestonpaus boat had also a crew of five, three of whom perished; the other two succeeded in reaching the shore on oars. It is a curious fact that, with a single exception, all the men lost bear the name of Thompson. By the capsizing of the Preston's boat, two brothers named Thompson vwere drowned; by the loss of the Cookenzie boat, two brothers of the narme of Thompson, their brother-in-law named Thompson, and an uncle named Thompson, met a watery grave. Most of the men were married, and have left widows and children. The Sacred Hlarmonic Society, Exeter-haU, have announced the UeeriaIh for performance on Fadl, aI 11th ~ ~enzber,
LAUNCHING TEE LEVIATHAN. On Saturday morning a third attempt was made to move this gigantic veeel, which, we are happy to say, was eminently successful, and resulted in the Leviathan being gradually lowered down the launching ways some 25 feet, in a slow and beautifully regular manner. The whole distance was accomplished without any accident or delay worth Bpeaking of, and throughout the entire day the advance of the ship was regulated according as Mr. Brunel thought fit with as much ease and certainty as if the vessel had been a little cutter, instead of a ponderous structure of iron weighing upwards of 12,000 tons. Indeed, every inch which the colossus advanced gave fresh cause for admiring the forethought and perfect accuracy with which all the mechanical details connected with her launching have been arranged, In spite of the novelty of the undertaking and the autter absence of all ordinary rules for guidance. Ourreaders, of course, can eas,ily recollect the lmt attempt to move the giantship and itatotaland immediate failure. The causes which led to it were simply the gradual giving way of the ground, and consequent yielding of the piles against which the hydraulic machines rested while exerting their pressure against the ship's cradles. Almost the whole of the yard in which she is built was formerly a marsh, though now the ground is dignified with the term of " made earth," which, however, only means an equal admixture of earth and water and a liberal supply of both. When, as we have said, the piles yielded under the pressure on the last occasion the force which they would eventually be required to resist was fairly estimated, and it was found a matter of some difficulty to construct a foundation which should not give way. Ever since that day the men have been working incessantly to accomplish this great requisite, and the result showed itself on Saturday in a series of ponderous timber networks, each apparently a fulerum sufficient to raise the world, though in reality not an atom stronger than the exigencies of the work actually required. They were formed of rows of piles, 40 feet long and 14inches square, driven into the ground to a depth of from 30 to 35 feet. Each row consisted of about 12 of these massive timbers, and there were five and six rows, one behind another, at intervals of 20 feet distance. Between these, on a level with the ground, were a series of struts, or stays of timber of the same size, fastened horizontally, and the parts above groundwere supportedby acomplete system of beams crossing and re-crossing, so that the pressure was distribatedover an inmense surface andprovided against at every point. The whole mass was screwed and bolted together, and behind the last of each of the rows of piles was crowded a nass of iron ballast of enormous weight, so as not only to support the timbers, but compress the earth around them. Four of these gigantic fulcra, each similar in strength, were erected-namely, one each for the 10inch and 13-inch hydraulic ramsat the forward end of each cradle, and one for each of the two double severt-inch rams, which were fixed at the afterparts. In addition to the ballast fixed at the back all the timbers above each ram were loaded with iron ballast to a weight of from 30 to 40 tons in one heavy mass, so as to prevent the possibility of any yielding of the beams in an upward direction. All these preparations were completed by last Thursday night, but as Friday, in compliance with the old superstition, was a dies non as far as regarded another attempt to move her, that day was employed in testing the strength of the launching ways, their deflection under pressure, friction on the rails, &c. For this purpose a smaU cradle, 10 feet square, and ex;actly similar in construction to those under the ship, was made, placed upon the rails of the launching ways, and ladeuwith 120 tons of iron ballast. This weight gave a pressure of about 1 ton 4 cowt. the superficial foot, or 14 tons the foot upon the contact surface of the rails; the pressure upon the former caused by the ship herself being only half a-ton, and upon the latter only six. Yet the experimental cradle with this immense weight moved with the most perfect ease and steadiness down the ways. There was a total absence of friction, and the deflection under it was less than seven-eighths of an inch-almost less than what might have been expected from the compression of the timbers. In order to suit the tide it was determined to make the attempt to move the ship very early onSaturday. We needscarcely say that this intention was kept a most profound secret-so secret, indeed, that even the occupants of the little houses looking into the yard were totaUy unaware of what was to take place until the ponderous vessel, which has half-obscured the light of Heaven from their doors for the last four years, was actually on the move. Then, indeed, the great news spread far and fast, and a kind of stir almost approaching animation seemed to pervade that weary Isle of Dogs. Attic windows, sloping roofs, and the frailest of Ecaffoldings went up at once, and became crowded, and patieat visitors, perched 40 feet high in the keen east wind, evidently flattered themselves on being able to witness " the launch." In the yard the men were all at their posts soon after 9 o'clock; the tackle from the river was hauled taut, and alU was in readiness to start. Mr. Brunel, with Captain Harrison, oocupied a small raised platform in the centre of the yard between the two cradles, whence the orders of the former were transmitted to the workmen by signals, and their execution superintended by Mr. Jacomb and Mr. Hepworthwiththe same care and vigilancewhich they have displayed throughout the progress of the vessel from first to last. In addition to these gentlemen there were only the dockyard authorities from Deptford, with one or two engineers, Mr. Penn and Mr. Hobbs, of lock celebrity, who was there to watch the quiet removal of an obstacle to which all the arts of Chubb and Bramah were mere jokes. The first attempt to launch was marked with such a severe and fatal accident, and the second effort resulted in such a shattering and crumpling up of massive beams,that in spite of the precautions taken on Saturday, every one more than half expected, or at least feared, that her first move would be a most extraordinary and, perhaps, terrific scene. Therefore, when YIr. Brunel, a few minutes before 10, shouted out the single word " Pump," and the long lever handles of the hydraulic machines began to rise and fall with a quick regular stroke, the excitement and suspense throughout the yard became actually painful, and even a whisper might have been heard. For the next minute or so, except the gangs working at the machine, every one of the hundreds in the yard might have been a statue for any word or sign they gave of life. A short lapse of time, and the men at the pumps began to labour hard, and, silently compressing under the tremendous strain, the great system of timbers we have described commenced to yield slightly more and more till all had given back some two inches. Further than this their immense strength and the mass of iron ballast with which they were supported prevented their going, and the pressure of the rams came full upon the vesseL In another second, though not a sound was heard, there was a uhout that she was moving very slowly down the ways. No one could see it, so very few believed it, till it was marked on the signalboard that she had moved one inch, and then almost as each minute elapsed a fresh inch was added, till at last with hearty goodwill it was announced, at 20 minutes a. 11, that she had moved 13 inches down the forward launching way, and that the stern had returned seven inches up the aftermost way. This shift havig almost brought her straight on the ways again, the pumping was continued, and the tackle hauled upon by engines, which pulled her stem and stern towards the river with a powerful strain. Al this while not a single sound had been heard, and she continued to progress very slowly, but with a steady regularity which clockwork could scarcely have excelled, at the rate of about an inch per minute. At four minutes to 11 she had progressed 16 inches forward and nine inches aft, and all was going on as smoothly as could be wished when loud shouts from the stern announced that the last of the dockyard mooring chains-a monstrous cable with links almost as thick as a man's arm-had parted. There was no immediate remedy at hand for this evil, so the strain from that quarter had to be discontinued forthwith. Almost at the same instant one of the two mooring-chains which hauled upon her bows came in so rapidly aa to be useless, while the second anchor that held the other chain on the opposite side of the river also began to drag. Suchmishaps occurring at the same moment occasioned a slight delay, but the stoppage was only temporary, and by 11 o'clock the forward cradle had gone down the ways, 24 inches, and the aftermost 17 inchs. From this time out her progress continued slow, but sure, averaging about one inch every 70 seconds. her progre Wma noiaelea ia the 0jwctest sense of the word, the most strained atilhtt failing to detect by a sound that the ewa any motion going forward, much less that an iron suburb of such monstrous proportios wnc being forced forward by a mighty power inta( the water. By marking the raUilay metLs ovet which the cradlex slid her exact progress could b¢ noted and timed, but without such a guide for the eye It was very diffliclt to perceive that she wamaldng any way at alL Urnder such circumstanoers our readers can easily im'i e how Woon the publia outside the yard, exposed on house-tops to ai easterly wind, lost interest in the whole proceeding ' and underwent a complete reaction. They absndone4 their elevated position in disgust intimating prettr plainly that as the launch was likely to last soi montbx they proposed coming to see it again whezZ the warm weather had set in next year. As a set-off to this defection the news of he4 being in motion was telegraphed to the Admiralty, and Captain Milke and UAptai. Washington csmez down to watch her progress to the water. At t o'clock, when the men went to dinner, ahe had been moved nine feet ten inches forward and seven feet, eight inches aft. At this advance she remained fot about half an hour until all the men were returnel from dinner, when work was resumed, though not with the same success as before, for an hour was lost before sufficient pressure could be given to starther4 The reason for this was that she Lad been moved into a comparatively fresh pocition on the ways, when the compression of the timbers under hexenormous weight was sufficient to allow her to b4 herself to the depth of an inch or so, and, of courses necessitate nearly twice the amount of pressure toa move her again. Not until the men had labourect for nearly an hour, strained to the utmost thsfulcrum for the bows, and parted two out. of the four fourfold mooring chains, which, worked by powerful windlasses, dragged her midships towards the river, did she move, and even then witl4 such slow reluctance that it was some time before shea made any progresas worth recording. This dela]p was not unexpected by Mr. Brunel, and ouly sbowea him the inevitable necessity of not allowing her to rest on the ways during Sunday, but of resuming hiefforts attthe earliest possible hour yesterday morning. This decision was recognized as an unavoidable necessity by every engineer present, most of whoma perhaps, would rather that she had been kept ira motion throughout Saturday night, if Mr. Brunet and his engineering assistants could have stood the, fatigue. The latter, however, was quite out ofE the question, and, in spite of the succes. which I Ad attended the efforts of the day, there were few who did not feel glad wheiz darkness put an end to further efforts and relieved them from the cold, deep mud in which all had been moving about for nearly nine hours. By, the time dusk closed in the progress down the wayst was at the forward cradle 15 feet 2 inches, and at the aft 13 feet 1 inch. During the night Captain Harrison saw to therepair of the mooring chains, and further securel that at the stem by fastening it at the oppo.t site side of the river to a block of ston<£ weighing 15 tons, which at low water wa%buried seven feet deep in the earth. Soon aftei% daylight yesterday morning the men were aUl aX their posts at the hydraulic rams, the double wind.i lasses, and engines, hauling in the mooring chain as before. Of course, a little time was lost in getting all ready, but at a few minutes before 8 they were all at work, and in five minutes more the necessity for not allowing the ship to rest an hour o3the ways was demonstrated to all, for, labour as they' would, it was found impossible to start her agairg after the settlement of the night. The men strainedl every muscle, bent the handles of the machines in; their slow efforts to force them clown, ancd splintered the beams against which theyt pushed like reeds, but all in vain-the vessel never moved even to the thousandth part of an inch. As fast as the timbers yielded under the pressure fresh wedges were driven in, and fresh iron: ballast was piled on and around the supporting timbers of the rams, but more than an hour was lost in such efforts, during which the tackle which pulleac her towards the river was taxed beyond its strength_ Two of the four mooring chains that remainedf amidships were broken. The mooring chain, barge and all, at the bows, began to drag, and the chain at the stern not only came in " hand over hand," as the sailors say, but dragged the 15 ton block of granite from the earth right across the river, and upon to the shore high and dry under the Great Eastern stern. Still she never moved or showed au sign of moving. Another expedient was then tried and three extemporaneousbattering rams were rigged. up-two at the forward cradle and one aft. The " rams" of thesehadbeenconstructedforsuchservice, and were formed of bars of heavy timber, shod witlh iron. Each of these was worked by 30 men with long ropes, hut, though driven with prodigious force against the cradles, when the pressure of thehydraulic machines was at the highest, the vibratioix did no good, though felt even up to her decks. Till 11 o'clock these efforts were continued, but without success, Another plan was then resolvect on. All the screw jacks in the yard werecollected, and many more procured from Mr. Penn's factory, opposite, and all these, with two small hydraulic jacks, each of 40-tons power, were fixed against her side. Arranging these and maLing a firm base of timbers for them all to act on occupied more than three hours; so that it was within a few minutes of 3 o'clock before the preparations were completed. All the jacks were then set to work, and when the last ounce of pressure which could be gotoutof themwithout breakinghadbeen exerted the hydraulic machine was for the last time set to work, and precisely at 10 minutes to 3 o'clock the Leviathan again began to move. Her progress was at first very slow, but in other respects much the same as the day before. After a while -he got into regular trim, and moved at the rate of about an inch; per second, and so continued until dusk agpin put ant end to the labour. At that time her progress for the day was 98 inches forward, and 100 inches aft-4 making her whole movement since Saturday, 23 feet 4 inches forward, and 21 feet 4 inches aft. At the time the screw jacks were sent for a steameu: was also despatched for two of Trotman's 4tonanchors. One of these at the stern and one at the stem of the Great Eastern will more than replace the whole cumbrous and worthless mass of stones and anchors which belong to the dockyard authorities, and whicbh have given way so repeatedly that it would be worse than folly to depend on them again. When it is so well known that the whole weight of the Great Eastern would fail to drag out these anchors, one is almost surprised that they were not resorted to before. The " launching," if so it may be termed, will commence again at 7 o'clock this (Monday) morning and continue throughout the day. Our readers may easily see, from what has been done, that it is likely to last for some days yet to come.
AxNoTHIER FIIBUSTERIN'G EXPEDITION TO NICA.' RA(.vA.-A telegram from New Orleans informs us th4 GeneralWillam Walkerhas started for Nicragua. He) appears to have effected his departure in acalm, orderly, aua businesslike way. The General bimself, with his staff andt 300 men, left on Wednesday afternoon, in the mailboat, ostensibly forIlobile. He had, however, prearranged aiz excellent plan, and was under no fears for its interruption_ As soon as the boat reached Mobile Bay Walker and his men were transferred to a steamer In waiting and already supplied with arms and ammunition. The Filibuster steamer immediately took her departure, and most peopleGovernment officials always excepted-suppose that het destination is Nicaragua. O6n the morning of the same day that Walker left New Orleans the steamer Fashion, heavily' laden with arms, ammnunition, and provisions, got avwy from the same port. She, too, cleared for Mobile, and, wvit1, all proper sutbmussion to the law, she allowed herself to be searched bya United Sates' marshal. Nocontrabandgoods were discovered-no Mini6 rifles, mortars, powder, shot, ow other impleEnents of war. No suspidous-looking characters. were noticed on board, though the Fashion did actually carry; away a large body of Walker's recruits. Some persons inagine that the Fashion has gone for the Texas Regiment,l which, together with the force under Walker's i-mediate command, will, we suppose, form the advanceguard of thetarmy of invasion. The rest will foUow under the guidaroe of General Henningsen and Captain Fassoux. Walker 1$ now fairly beyond the reach of interference from UnIte( States' authorities, and we may expect to hear, within X month's time, of the recommencement of hostilities in Cen. tral Amerlca, Costa :Rica lately seized the whole of the San Juan River, and garrisoned its forts with her own men.5 -Xets York Times, Nov. 14. A PRIZE.-A second class boy, serYing on board. the Quail, dockyard lighter, now at Pembroke, nameaf John Hughes, has unexpectedly found himself the owner of many thousand pounds in money, besides rlarge and valuablEproperty, consisting of houses and land in LiverpooL It ap. ears that Hughes left his home when very young, and has b icking his heels about in diffe:ent parts of the worlrF for the last eight years, and by the death of some distunti relative is nowv foud to be rightful heir to property which4 has remained for some time unclsimed.-Plymouth Atail. MAUS FOR SwEDEN.-The packets conveying mails onco a-week between Grimasby and Gottenburg,L under a contract with the Swedish Glovernment, havinu ceaed runming, no more ma3is can be sent by that route until the reopening of tbe navigtion next spring, of whicl, due notice WI b= given4
SALES BY AUOTION. Capital Modern HoEochold atd Office Furniture, Two Cabinet Piano3, a Grand ditto by Bcoeawood, Plate, Jewellery, and Miscellanies, by order o tho Executor no a lad deseed. MESSPS. PRICE aneS CLARK will BELL by AUOTiIONt at ther RBooms, Quality-court, Chanoery.lane, on 1riday. Dea. 4, at 1I for 12. Bo8EWOOD, Loo, Cud and Occaonal T&BIiE, handeome ebimney glareel, carprt Bete or curtains,,zlr 2 ste., eauy chairs, exoellent mahogany dining tables, piebec -1ble, nialogmny anIo brdtada and clean beddng, ard zobes, che5b OS drawers,7 mazbletop wahatmdo, diedng gl*i mn1 *ceo tt, god ad dler ^:chb aailezaxd fls eet wIh $ 4 c e C.'lrtl Ee4~~ iteaedin ?ssalOdcal D male Sibhdw lSIIL5aDOhhG to kke -u the anst TIheirday In WMes -outh, ot AL sstet and contIng,n Rvesin to iFunded and other Property Life Xtss,About = OUaie LJe Wg4ne f ihs, Pod bl TOO...e, DeMs. guanI-roved ens, Sh.-~ M_ ok,Cu Ines, Ralwy InNaMO UOPandg. ad o9er Vbli,undertkidngs for lib.peea RMA-RSH toannounc tht his pERIODI. W CAL SALBS (tta Ushad I. foer the dispoal of ever o ipton of the aboe-maentioned pRO _Y ae lo o h diat Thuseda In each amoth thrughout We Present ywear as under.- J-anuay 1 May I auly 2 N~~loresaberl ApoilS ~~~Augustkol December 5 M. Marsh bas bee Induoed to hold ths isales rom the Inrasing d*mand for the transfer of property of this descripto,teveo ahid aso hiess ofri Investmsent is daly beowming better appreciated sad fom isexprince of the heavy drawbacka and "tdifficult to whichx It has been exposed In the ordinary couxrse 0mre, and Ithe experience Of the last 14 years haa provred the above plan to be equally %dv== outo venaor an uhasera. the Classification of numerxus eo.r fi h meoms ofpupblisity mjore effectual. $otices of sales Intendfd to be effected by the above means should be forwarded to aMr. MuBh's Offices,, 2(Siarlotte.row, Mansion-house. *t leas a foet. night antecedent to each of the above dates. Periodical Sale ~(establIhed In ~1843) of Reversions, FoUnces, Annuitiese, Shares, Bonds, &o., for Thursay next. Dec 3.-A. Policy of &seurRnOe for £400 in the Britannia Lie Assurance Company on thLe Life Of A Gentlem3an nOW In his Seth Year. 1&jrt. M RSH as eceied Iustuctiona to include ,LTJn hi nex MonhlyPeridica Sal orReversions, Policieg. &,.. happIned tontake. plac aTthusynexMat,Deon ThsAy next, Dec 3.uato f6hocX ntober 1840,with thfe Asitannc ie AssranzLe CompanhLif on thGie faentlemsan now in h is 86th g ear. Priuasmyb Fe Inrl netodlclaPrldi Sale (oalihdIf141o P.eevetos Poumlces Anutes, . harPnes, tostake. for a heMrko Thursday nextj).D.-APc.s of ass12ranc fcobr, 1840 Itb the BritannasLife Assurance Company, onth Life olfa Gfaienktlemnan now In his Seth Year. Pkiuq a eotide iIrR ARSH ha eevdintrucetions to include iV in his eext Monthly Perlodfa SaeriodidWf Reverson.1oiones, . appoirj. arnted to takc lc tte Mahrt, on T'hursday next,Dc ,a 2 POIC o ASURNE orte sut oft 4.efetdonteet O atbe,83. wt the BLIFEannRa S o Lif.AsuanetCompany onted lif ofacentl,empcant nown thi eeseoth yar ladtycusr maygeotied a2yas %tu theMeart, and at Mr. Marshs offices. 2, Charlotie-row, Manslon.house. Shars. ond, d., ee hurdaynext, Dec. 3.-The Life Interest ef a wrentLeany, aged 41years.t asum of £e0,93x69s lant uon ithed Eij. MS has received instructions to include i hsnxt MonthlySaeo Periodical Sae of R Berersionom e&a, aPolice,du,apited to take lacoe at the Mart, on Thursday next, Do ,a 2 Deebr3 s1,the LIPE 1NTERRST of a rrrdlayLoagentleman, ace a1 ABeuars,O Io n the sumife800oa presn abnvesmendionedmWY.togeath4 er rent,, texpectant ontedecesofaladeteyo , aou atigedo 011yar. Paraiontanmay be obtained at the Mart: of itar. Whit Sedoruseq, olicitor, 1wansea;rdro and at Mr. Marshsclss 2,ohalcsttCa-rlotw. ason-house, Priodical Sal (elabhed In 183 fRvrsos oiie,Aniis Shares, Bonds, do., for Thursday nex,o c 3.-The vlifbeInterstof 1lu,tIt thee CrownLn snae ts on the ivalre on the aboe- RJ . MARSH haeevdinstructions to include i M4khsnx oiirProia aeo RBversions, Pelcets, do., apponte to akesulce a th Mat, o Thrsdy next. Dcc 3, at 12, the IFEINTEETof amaried adtheo aged 88 year,6In a SUM o £1,08 Os.3.. onsoldatedBan ctaunltes stranding ind the Policyof Aeorance effeted Inthe y arqii, with tthe. Cr ownrIf 11,Befor-rw; ndatMr.Mash' ofics.2.Charlotte-row, Maudn- Periodical Sale lestabiheIn141olevrts.Piis,Auie, shares Bonds, do., for Thursday next, Dec. 3.-The valuable Absoa. lute feeaor2,0In t theSu Inentofa£2,if0 Consus,raevablWetyon thede ceas of a lmady now Inger 68t year. lIjtR.MARSHhas received inistructions to include i LVJiodhia s nextaMont eridica isal) of liaverrion, pooicis, do.,tle appIned to take lace atr TheuMart, onexthusa. et Dec.br 3, atubl 12, 30thenvaluable ABSOUTE IntheISurN tof the4 SUM oe £T,10e Con Cen, t.AndngaeIn the in am vaual t ohgly respct fAbletustees and sWcethLarg o te decNkease ofa ldynow tho hervideth yiear Olartonlrsi May b MbARSeHa thesart;cei.v. ed ly instrt olnsito, 17,ud ioor Perodca Saex (estahlherid inc141 of eesons Reveraloes, Annuitiesf, Sarpines, Bons tke.,c for thuMrsanet. oThrday. 3e.-A olcemofAsr-3 lif2 te RVCSOAYIYRS of a gntntlnenow gedag2dears Yer,InRn. t L4AS EHOLs received Nsuton. IBotoIncstdeet ine hais% next monathly periodical43 yeale ofreerte unexplrse's,t &.bael. to.D. P.Hawins.onheae fart,1 oen Thuroma next Due, 3, at thePO sunus let of XIce Alothe um rFof £000 effeted ofthe "7hfmay 1851,u ith the Satona Loan Fun 15Lifew Assranper Socty Annuiie th Ith erInaional LfesuancrestI Society)o iuac, on the lieofagetema nowh a3egedn62lemars.ePaotleud mawbi btieda the P?oietLieOfc,2a of D .eber 0189s, fo S2, Chrltterw Mansi on-huse. hro,Ab% rmu Shares,. Bods, Do.:bl for Thudanet December.Teav r-vealunsable Ret'rentlonar Ihgntlemessan thfoe nialmeaeod Toving ReIdenife, uow.1g. BndoflthnetrebetPiccadlly In uetherSmo £884 bes. N"rew Thream and wther sn cildgeBonsrs,tfctsd with the Pbtlesdent Life OMarce In 1819r. MMK2,CarSHt-rw Mass rcihvzed ntutos oicuei netMotlyProdicaale(sabihdI 83 fIeealeof Rev lersions Polticies d. Sappred, totake, la.e atr Thersdart onet Ducd.y next December 3. ato 12, the Smo RE X2SNR IoNTEs,reSTval of ah genteman,f lagdy.1 cad iy heldfr aM termax hc 40yaswreueprdtMcal M P.lat Mubjec toasroundisentod2 painstenumsh hous iscluet annual s cnet of£ lso they Peeod arelona InterelostPofthegern gen., aO tedaI thetSum of£88 as. NtewMr.o Thuree daer nent. Anutes:3 and12 the Revntersioar Ofnteres eroet inaPlcyofAsols ance,gon thenlife ofth shme genmtean,e tuefetdwt the Providbe 'nthLie dOfies,%I December, to nhere sn c3hilda. xarticulars may be' Obtained at the Mart; ofMers Jb Ashulet.on, and Mri. 8olicltoss, 6, Old Jew~.bry; and atetMr. ash' oances 2, Cr.harlotteflos ,Obot-row, Mansion-house. Periodical Sale (established in 18431 of ReversIons, Policies Annuities, Shares, Bonds, do., for Thursday next, Dec. &-Ter3T Absolutenvr ReveronttoeSu ohe £a20 Cnof17 l 7, receIvals ecevbneo the dees-f ay nowInser of t awdwLYear. nhr 6h er MRE. MARSH: has received instructions to include .J,YJ In is nxt MnthlyPeridica Salf" I everaions, Policies, d. Lewndistham eRut. of£,0 1 perl cen.Cosl R esidneBudingInThendamndo highly arespcable immedi,andtelyonteguons tothe decase oftatlady. no nhr. t yeaR.H Pasrtciculas masberbtaiedo a the Mart of anM tM. as' AUCTrON, 2t Chearl,opote-row,tMacsUn-ofsEngado Shaves, Bonds,. ce,.for Thursday next,wDecembera3u-Tle Absolut PRPRevrinToYtheDSmprigtof£7 s moderCnvoUa resieceswivalnthe gde-s ceastnuseofawdo laN.zandy S tnbdeVla, now Insher 66thwyear ioahfdb.yMaRS haias rece, ived to instuctios' ko h toain lud .AV I i saonet.Monthly Pierio sd uicalSaLEao witeverdiionrs,oliciles, may beob tae aMat the Mart Pofwillam Olerha, .e. solicitor. ,Lnousla 14eldst.Sihn'-ao and at Mr. arY o arse's O loffices, , Charln-otte-rw Lutewlbham, Putne.-Tw Deatal eholdVla Resiec,,Bidingoan, ande ToCrse,Imdiately contiguous to the Railway Station. nteSuhWs.e M.MARSH has received instructions tromSEthe th,at aposte the Mart, oppositela the BnTUando cay ndxt nc 3 athursa,deLaybnext.sec.3d,et 12,ei two lHots,valuable FerRoted wibuit arass peyarto it gardnothleraandtly igubleBuild bingpNos,aprathed by a caitarodwihin twoe minutes'wl o h wtaio of the railWaystation. wayb aiend,a anotdispartculars,mwthenstionsoof saler,I abtie at rethe Mar :4 ofr atu. HPlowman,ect. sromictoer.e,eholderupon lielsIand atr Mr. Marsh's9 ofiers, Chrlottxe-ro. ManSion- houemdrt rutey-tliof Xney.- DesirnablTe leaseod txi resdene, me.Ma- taedly contiguous of the Ptennty,Satin, on the aSouith ooestern% ofalEweoba indayh.at atte W it in-n ,Hg -t at Mr. MArZSH ofacs, received Iw nstruchtioserm h BiJow,btddeas,o undea pwelsr ofsle Sto SterlLaehs AUcTION,Vatub thehoart,roppoiert,o itheBng ofRDwelaind.honuseday next,aDcc, 3,u factu12,agdesrabe, em dStabhelnBEH PoLducn r.IENtCR. erecnted t P Rnyl. wtI onMmnue'SwH 0w theive I stautionso h fromthe Weten AIwy andi azti shor disanc frAUTOma the seMbart, pierIn the ocuanko of Ms.l dB.o Thurdaliaex.atIgl respectableu yetarl the folatoawrnt aluofa40ler LannumHL D d6I~ReTY fr omprsn the frehlerwup laerfort er fd0yadoneetrsB from decinlaember. 18,atteumod-errate Bodwen cofo t 6 the per tannum.onthe lkvand-t ExteIsioenee Riway' In th ooups'pemisson af mthemtenn,ande prt(.atsla renwthlconditions~ oranne, btainhed alt the MAuart;atteWhiten Lpaieu-tYrdan,Hgh-steet wiuth exiof 3ve rnders o on,kshOD, lcItoMr, 2,DLeesleh ali.atreet; an at r.;Maprsh'sofices C asDelotug-coa,auselYrdnn-hoWheelo. hlPe Bo.MElesex, and Well-Btrset, St. Katharine 'c Docks-et toKraJ.lP facturing, Prexemises,talg,d,prucn renDi.xona h ettte aisramosyumtngt £27l5 p t e votla frtewol en 'a 3 er annum.: PjromiesAdJoSig hnattreocueaiveonst r.BuctionCfroman the ratrix ZOOpe tuornSTeLLhoby AUCT IpoN,latte,Mart,moepuote grtheBnd ofengland onb Thursdaby next. eo 3,oa 12he ineSlos,sthe a el ulAnowigtaluodabletLeASEHt:oLD PrO.PerTy;olciomrisn thBU;e newl,. erctd nd convenienth' ofles,Caldotte-drtow,lh Mas l7-ow.Crednt Bow, cloue tionthe BowStatioonn theMrBlecwAlRlR Exeson Rhalo'terway Ian the houpatILondofna os trseactble thenant,etayrntlof£4 D 5embr IAnnUm-ABWhEew egv'erainufatoryandr eholn,sYardatiluega wihV xnLoutb isngtesof Worksopf Liolet ndtovMr.C iouellems ateorntal In ofg6 ethr tanneum: afDwelling-hose, Yad.Invetd Wheelwright'ge-an mteyises,siat In W'enaetst St Koathrerine'safleacks, rpblet toras. P Dwbecte, to a Mretgaleofr£0secringannum ost eu00stautedl bsicC buil 1u8dIn, wihIntexellentrepair, knont.,aJosthejestitte Snanniyors' Aylum InnuWil.tree ftthletrnoonlaseofoth whole teearmt ayi hatv£57per annumo and Twoe Dwelltsring-horusesbwihspasnou nbs Yard, Yealrlu, Shds,b fan Pro tmieradjoining, In Atheogethr a tho o tM. endhoelcamean.atna rentl o £10 pe annm. he woleheld'upnFlase,ra morderateS groud rnts.Maybe iewe byermtste oftheynns w andbe parti-b culrs btane attheMat: f M. 6. err, olicit. or, cu,nbkle,Zbr.. Manionhore.Lonon,onTueday te th ayofnden;mand at 12 for I, In one lot.,Uito, 32 St ITALUABLE Reversion t a Frehldestautioeeat Westmimnter-road Lambeth.-Leasehold Dwelling-house and coma . mendi Business Premiseo,. with ossatoaaon. WAR. GEO. GOULDSMITH will SELL by AUC. 1JTRION, at thOe art, To-morw, Dee1i P-'mr 1 all precisely, by dasecion of the dor9g ge, ei brisk-buil t RV91DENOewith. commanding elevation, and Il-rge diouble-fronted Shop. capable -of carrying on an extensive trade, situate 10, York-place. Westminster.roed; held for 43 years unexpired, at £6 per annumo. Mlay be viewed: and Dartisultoc and oroudilioni of sale can be bed at tile Mart ; of WiUllam Askers Smt,Esq.. solicitor, 903, Deubtgh-stre et. FInllio ; and at the aune. timer's offices, S. Ponit-street, and 24,t elRravG.3oal, Pimileo, elW. No. 21, Old Bondustresat.--Supenor Furniture, Pianoforte, nd Effecie, remnoved from Cho ter-7qu%re, &C. i/FR GE, GULDSMITf wvill SELL by AUC.L.J..ION attheRoos, 1.Old Bond-etreet, on Tuesday, Dec. 8, at 11 for 12, MISCELLAN EOUS FURNTTURI, oart manufactured by Gillw, cmpriing aho anend japanned Fros oh bedateada. Iron dito, aptalbedin an usalchaimber furniture. roeewood and ins. hognycenretales crd ito,easy end other chairs centre ottomans,handome atui oocommode, forming writing table and port- folioet and IGilIow),wsintesr davenport. teapoy, four mahogany open bookase IGlow. lft,6 dining tablles wvith deal tops mahogany chaes,chineyglss Bransela and Turkey carpets, suite of silk damak wndo curain, 6-octave picowlo pianoforte, refrigerator, an fet.May be viewed the day, prier, and catalogues bed at the rooms, a6nd akt the offlce3 of the auctio-srer. 3, Pont. street, Belgravo, square, and 24, Belgrave-road, P1mb,c S.W To Tsimming Mauetraand othess-Machiuery, Fxtuarge.an1d Furniture. V EliTOM an3d SON will SELL, at 9, Pump-rowv,- ad'Old4atraet-road. St. Luke's, on Friday December 4, at 12, LOOMS adHARNESSES braid meahines warping mill, winding and crimp-. lag machines, scale and wet hts econe m itns ty fns tea(I, edsanT 'dig. wasbtoands, chesisof drawers, t c s Ocbeo.and eight-dayI cok. May beviewed the morn. M%sae, atndclearedathe smm day"1, Catalge, elo h rmss andet 7, Angel-court, Throgroortou.ates~ c ity,ehdoth Income of £1l5 per Anu,clear of ali deouui'rs YTEN~RY HAINES and SON will SELL by AUC. JLtLTION. at Garraway's, THS D3AY Novvemnber Ita e" SEMMMk neWlY-erecte brik.buht DWELa* Ho'IME' Falstff-yard, Kent-stroet, Southwsark. let to weekly tenants at AlmaStble le ata goun set o £5lOs Arlso et f yard letat pr anum £. Alo a ieceof ( a small. Timber- way's;ou nd. at the x austloneis's emcee, 3~~~~, Moorgate-street, oils',~ ~~ The lenabin Furniture. rOmOv8d from Elide-park, the property of a lady, of rtank,. deneesed. MESSRS. FOSTER wiln SELL by AUCTION, at 21 Old1-Bcud-atreet Ofl WednaLy ne th 2d December, at 1 pveciee~s, by order of the 'Eector s,ome exeln yuuup IOCO4IgAp~d5IA1sideboard and marcopag, seillarette, 12 ohba izn Uonem 2Ckk10%n4.crpe, drAwlgjrooc eucta itn French dami*k two cuch. en uite, rosewood ta'hlee a EuDezb cut-glaD candelabrum Frch of-mo11Mn clock. a fsw becks, India chiWa, be bedstes, Da ohr.droom fnnitue; a serviceoring's pattern German S.liet of the best kd. end other effecti. 0ntew h'eorw b to * at the laoe of seae: and at Meseri. oateus,5. Kpall.,-al. Corner of PHrknsusr and Use-erc.Bgn'.ak-untr n dDeoratnie bjects In eb,ll odtt. aoder BoR' lan rIOewd Semi-Gran by Uo2dWOOdL Dutch and gh Pictures,Libraryo tadardauthsWie Linen, Table See of China and GlasS, ko., alL in the ices conditIon. MESSRS. FOSTER are directed to SELL by lv AU iTION. on the Prealames, No. 1, 701E (tbuho use haying been dlspoaed of). on Mdondav, December T. and following day, at 1 precisely each day, all the elegant and excell6ent FURNITUE cloCks, candelabra, Dereden and &iyres c brorsz, Bl curtas dining room Bappoitments In carved oak, anti the general routine of aries In a Well furnished hlouse, al in eocellent condiotio n, o picture.includde examplen of mIdc=o n Ouwalter Voan Palena Redarave metzu Greoze Prions Dc Louthepaebg Boucher Miguard Van Lint Alken, May be viewed'two dare prior, aind caielgues had on the pemise and of Me-rs. Poeter. e4. POi-mall, Choice Coletction of Waturl'sorasvstbih SrEsrSb. FOSTER are drected to SEL by AUC. .LVJ. TION, at theala o r eb aeIeIgEl ayn SlOliacion of R-COLUK DRAWING I, hpore e c a attiactiotis lnthe plOrtfTo C of one Of the mStt denscolction ofirs Lndon. among whichwit be found tewr,oofin thevinit o nJmber,chisnrbPlcksr1eglf coP.ii DerWmnt of Coopyer,o T. oo,rthioh DavideCcx J. been Mlvilbr, T. eS. 3. P.LewIs SirDWlkle..A. AB.A. J. Naeh 0.Baret .POISA,t,,W.Le G. Fnlpp Coply Feldng ohnmerI G.Catecole G. lancae Two izp tdrawns by Tner of his bet ime, other specimen_ ofhi early and middlreI periods; several beatf eal ia Hun IT acme du dwltonc by L. ealero pey mieldiniotD skt;. grtand work by GeorgenLance, two hande nies6tneyCooerendFrderokTaylo; also a carbfelslctdetoen ve'eroofs of rheEngland and Walec, with tea O the dvsr, 10L plates, Oe On vlew three days previthsly.i54. Palmof English Pictues by nisenttints IESSRs. FOSTER ae directed to SELL by AUC. ±1 TION, at the Gfa.llry, U, Pan-mall , on Wednesday, th Dec. obrulely, the entire Gallery of modema FICTURE3. pucased =Tromlcs fortistsa, or eected from clleetions which hvre tbeen dispoeed of rithin a fet rear the whole evinng grpeat dIscrIminatIoni and good tuear. Amog the cbef-d'uvre naway be mentioned, the Womelauds, by 3. LinneU; sottrgeetiet,, anddtwo semaller workf. by T,aed; HOrampt(font Court8 Ineoi the timutoe of thele 1s.o ,Cs4lt; Londomn,from ba Gresssic, and Sezua. both, b'es lat. Duyzh 3.lla Boats s, by w.'Coth land a gcarming Laudia5, by . reaick. Thve follXowing arayo aent wil+bl ndicate the lehlartsein f the wedbeorksI D.Madise,. A. T. Uwins. R.A. B. W. Cooke, AP..A. C. 2, 9,andeid,.A. W.P. 3rith, F-A. G. L essee. ,. Cfronewick, B. UT. S. Coopr, A. A. MIule&. .TR. Herert. E.. F. Godall ABIA T.GrUnland. Wethteter, Bu lA.e. F. Poole, A.B.A. R . AnsdAet , re. aW. Mulrereiy,B.&. )D. Roberte, R.A. John Phill27 s. Rth. Th on Monday and Tuesdy, 7th and 8th De, whBe order m. be had at Mesr. Fostera QanPdar nail. Miclaeous Bo,Fu as ae r M.UTTIOK and SIMPSON, uo of literary j. propert wil SELL by ACi at their House. 191r Pioadc, y on Fria Dcember 4, and f'sllcwing days a larwe C'LLECI'ION of MISC ELANEOUS BOOKS , being selaectios fbom reveral private libraries, Ratshrd'a Paerlianeninry Debates, 181 vole, Statutes at Large, 30 7ol, orzlison's Chiuese Dictionary, 6 vole., rO. Catalogues on recegpt of two stumpi. Vlde altuable CopyriDght,sq sofhonlton'sI Workus.tc, S YcUTTIsK and oth sIPSO N. 1 uctin ee oftea JL proerty, will SeLL by AUCTION , at t e, dll.I D .aecember. by of tb Executors or 6i the Ponnonrs in COPYRIHTad SO 0 trcehfollowing, higlypteoplr WORKS: - lsn Jaenc Cramuta oe to dtt o utlion ourts' Comd asud I oulille s Exem rcse,, key i ditto. lu wle sent to two stamVey elctLiray MruBsic.F Wthe rdatvthe polac fletiond of BrWzWitn; DUTTIOK and SIMPSON, saucnr of lited ra i. property, wion SELL by AUCTION, st their gra Im9 on atux-,D on Thu rsay Dec 17 the voer ivletab Af a gente. momsthe welslxns ofslandard rnlioauelsh safewuyb hisdorie, SciDhooes ofnprinto, manyor Whicthnre n,arge plape value and utoflt sMr tWe w incblude an h u odbi4tt oiteBrts adeis autoiea,u i m oroccobining. Catalogues Iondon receipt Must, a lterantvale Cecio and e Busi., ato 116TTC and SlON Drmyauane: theStoctioneers of lierary .1. property, will SLLby UCTON, iEt istheir H ytou e. 11, Pioad On a ee, ith coLLECTIOn ol dalubles U SIC, cotereSeing e -sand ow ser 2ieof cooveeofn Hael'swoks witten bySmith, unero the coXnceer'hon die?ebtoinfend, MyGransllle. ThSe iane aiso, odte sdb the g rseat coudutea himself) are ofte hihetb valute andv aoutoerity:icma theinldenupbirsh omooitons uin Han.hos de autr Ct are preparing. Csnents fcr t sale mcbe suent ote latyear than Dec hvooloh. 9rtbe new 8thin moTI nd Sxclsn ONHuctioneersc ofylierary Dpodpe oty, w eril SLbyAUCON, at theirMHousN, 19 Pheicadeises, 6, aon Wensdy,svDec.ddail au CLLECTiciONsof Illominatedaandrother Eq,,offcliai asige, cmsingeomenny of grea R antiquit,eautyq, anl iter,9,Nest. Also, a Collection at of flutograp Le t l, in ceding smn choice examples, Englishhansand foreebn, ImprtanCollection rof Drawgs 81e andS . SBIMPSO, 3c a u iti toneds tEI: bery ,L* AICOTwill t B IXELL ° by et AUCTION, at° dswtheirHunse,191, Dleie- and erismprant hisOLLECTIOr tne old DRAIG, seeadhosnsi ahnd school,r hinh hatte, beensectedwith muchls cIare as nd judgment fro ther, most celeratd ollecion w0rimhmeric5h bare^ benispese Idur binga llast 20 year. ataorues are prberOlarin . Caalogues lIock, He Orth-Mroad Turnpie near tol.-Genteel Frniture, anaiew wthine DiamsOn, and oher hadtreeg ys Mr.iMAoNr, a 4the in preest NewonreUet,nSt. John's, road, Bxtncmorre, Duceay eu s, mcusehoFahoganye, ior Tedbab thdle eLlmdn e ld dinD damask cua ins, b l techi neyf ets, c U pgeysie carvedg Spns mhgny 4-oltbd staead.-o dit,sd andtbed b OhornS. dinn a and cuArt g la, e CallogesatI:g NldsLfoe ntagy.e Mr AsOt N o2 n a ufeday, Dof. B8.hp Nate thrt,nw llne, ately lot atf£00, eff°ctei M prO amrc, 1w41,tht inev tsio ttheis 52dRear.sAatpthemend £13 14..e' td. Particulars of C.eWellboarne, asnd Hata,oictoDkestre, Lonone.ebhrcyrdge and of Mhe Masos t9 ionsur, -place sbuylouth. th liat Re ed n,r 5.H RHouse,- with fag adn o.5 okpns desipped ts Lads-dyfield foreet7ltey pedaby thex dcpsd el o 4ludd. assta ularen of £.D47,F,. lso atclari f0 uhs s. souty, 1, eeamus: et and of the a uectner rj ionee.1,Fnbr.t Vitehops. onpTuesda,hle Freehld Detcmer-Byatir.foASON,ia the ee leaseL Foreaboutsee years, unexpired, tor. Bauer Vor Gaide~an Pu lthe Passage-a No.n 27, alehIng ton otherpe rod a a-tex £2d,med artingu05erannud wthteReesoni tthed Rac Mr.nt Catrtes Benlm,'rdgoe-stree'eterm Hi'tlclr fbes Calare, ando MarnW, WolIcto,Binghapegatecuhyr;ado the ann tlnernd 17,Drurbuy-plane Isouth. tc fUrdemlPege M ageeo,-B ordrto the oxecuter of thMrs. hees, toBLLndbr dcaUe- ByIMN, wiASoutrw, at thaeat Ronmusda, DnCaec.t,in tou lots,- Residenc. e2.a fo2, iu foron lofs Quee3n's-road, beng NES Rhichmos endteracledit fontfo andeack gar'eueury lt t16 Dr.r7 oilleux atso oth lbow ren ofrad1. bonucteodwic peerio7canbIse hadoIf deusir%ed t Ldy-day heeldpu inor7 yearshunexpire, atra geryounveniot ofor5.thlsobthecompctrs Dweinghbuilt by theisl powuosner grhisownod becuatrieds7 Holly-strBecewt,narlyRchm etond-od;hl for5 10c yars,mat telow ground tren of £8.m Thelsxure in bw otthe houlselwilleb Stook ofluldged.,amoutic ngsr to 4A. Dgh aq, orteracotor, 1 Ircdtus-place, s- bury-cfircuas: adgotee Ausldrmneery 1, Fofhur.pR.lscu Xsouth.li cino.,WatordIn, Stomrrow, adecme! at 5tL fors in ivn theevnig,i ~~TAL A Oa3LE l Freehl Lao d adsmp edfrbiin anEgrdnPurpses cBISe torte Busbyctetonoth SLLndon andAUoTIOWetem Railwaei, andS I adoiening the sn ofWSaturday land-tal reemed. bi art ticularsy and condiOtionsy ofcaomay bi,elghado Mr Halley Wtfosd;atthelaHarris,e.anddf'tLr.W eaWhiti rate-street. London. B.C. Hitebi. on T esa.te-rig9thtDeembSer, a o Miselnteou fevening HouLeho LE Fantre, uehi oldLand,Tabednpen, fir uelDaig No. 39, moum t -treet, Gnvenor-squaye IjESSRS. OXEN :EAM h*ve received instructions M7. from Mr. Gelding. who Is entirely relinquising the business to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, To.morrow. e e. 1, and fol- lowing day, at 12 each day, the superior STOC { of mode r F1RNI. TUBR , including ma hoganY winced and plan wardrobs, ohestf of drawers, vrashstands, dressing tables Ro., easy chalrs In great variey, three chimney-glass, loo, card, and ocaulc al tables. eheffoules, au elegant git baokoa-e with jasper slab, carpets, wOrk-beaeaes 'and utensls In trade; the apital household furniture. comprising two dras nR room suites of rosewood, chimuey-cla3e, curta1-. carpets cheffoners,&o., mahogany rablan and secondary bedsteads and hang ings, with bedding complete, wardrob9s, drawers Weubstands, and the usual chamber furniture. a valuable locl:, and numerous eaoets May bh viewed en Monday and morning of s 3e, and catalogu h and at Mesr. Oxenham's offies, 3i3, Oxfordtet. near the Paathe o. Eleaut MIodern Furnlture of a Sulte of Chambers, valuable Eagrs- vgs, rtt'e Proofs, a emall cellar rf ex.ee giy Choice Wne, Cigars, and valuable mslcellanile of 3 man of faBhion, remnoved from the Club chambers. Regent street. 1 ESSRS. OXENHA hI wPill include in their SALE, .LVJ at their Rooms. 353. Oxford-street. or Thursday nelt, at 11 for 12 o'clock prapisely, the elegant modern U RNIRI2URE, from a suite of chambers valuable engravings (chieSy artists'proofs), afGer L uda er and other oelebrated atist, a quantity of fcrelg u cigars, cigar cabieYts, pipes, small cellar of exceedlngly ehoice wine, books, and u- merorn useful and interesting nit-na of a man of fashi oK. May be viewed on Wednesday aud morniul of elae, and catalogues bad. Under an ExecatIoD.-Elrant and well-Made Fmm Two dn&stoned Cottage Pianofortes In costlu v ainnt YM velvet-pile taDestry and Brawlr CarDets, Chimney Glassesln'rlchgt trames, an elegant Walnut-wood Drawing-room SUte, a Case of Stuffed Birds, Medicne Chest. valuable Proof Print China Servies Library Dookcase, Iron Repository, and numerous Effets r mov d from haida-hill, aud Crosdos, Surrey. MrR. IZOD will SELL by AUCTION, at the Ware- b.1 house, No. G9, Queen-street, two doors from New OCaunn.etreet city To.morrow, Tsueeday Dee 1 at 1, au elegant awemble c BHOt-HOW kU BNIUE, 'including sets of stuffedl-ba aud other ohairs and lounRes, coered in morocco, two sets of nobs telegoops dilnng ttbles, a handsome carved-back Sideboard, Span h ma- hogaIny Araban bedsteads, demamkhanginPs.snperb w nged wardrobes, fitted with paeglass centire doos capital drawers, washstand.ac an elegent drawing.room suite covered in velvet, large chmney glasses,' tolsro hlalnt.toned plne,inla,irad cabinet5 tables, ch5fft,leueftitidh plata-glas' oblong, to>o, ard, and oasional ables, valuaM bb 'ces, proof prln , elegant china servies, cot glas Re, bal and k tea requIsies, dew out door Items lRe. On 1 vlewmc orlng of sae, aadsat Wogues esuy bebad. 3avillev-so--Capit1a modern Tanrul*nr, ChImne and Plwe Glaises, Fle"'Ofort" by eMInent Wkaers ChIne and Glue, aud vnlasellanesu Itssn: mreoed from lalvate Realdeeeee Almo a tew dmma f Wastagoperi of UR oli w ng sofas, soN u at t haarlmtRem uogntd, a,cnr, andit mosiualtbe,cbnt,ruean te serpets, erug,t sent ake.;fo te diing ro m andliray mahoga eu hrlt,, set % ~ nf tables ou extending framces nedst andother andlslaeouef..ej Aln fw oze. f in,% compl and porher behest of dces of, wesgh. and viowe d the Dyelr. ana the w-ine Bs.hnrthnod aryl, Saillerow,Reget-s ti ad ii, Clhange. Battrsee nea theNewParkA hadsom moern ~LeasbholdR H-a. dssse.datlnulasd Oakhoue, itut n the n%Iin road leading f ro mtBuss-widgt hlh fo fehle foen 71 eas, at a ~J~ESRS RUHWORTEH and JARVIS atre cli,LLecehyte Executorz of the Late William jennIngs, Faq., to OAKL~ AUCTION, at the Mart on Tuesday. Denember 16, at 12, capiSE. setal Family Resldence,with garden), situate arbor I dInto~ them ateeahdge, at the enitrance of the road lesdlrg attNePaek,and directyfacing Bridg-o-mt west, a fine position fOr a medical practitioner, being a conspicuous comrer hoo.se. in a r6nPetOn1hfsr0, with front and sdde entrsacee, and in aL neIghbour hood dally lncresng in mPOrtance froax Its 0-'ntlgulny to the park The house contan three roams ona floor, ak fore-court, anxd back gar den. Was be viewed daiy ad Particulars had on the premises ; at the Mart: e f Memms Abbtitfand WheatlY. soHcitors, 22, Southamton-!~"Ohsnewylane ; and of Mlessi RashworthL and 3arZ Bavllcow. entMoet,and 19, Change-alley, CornhiLl Woolwl.-apital odern Laehold R~esIdences,. all, wefllten. mated,and Building Ground ae'4ifiielil atuate in Wood-atreeT. a few minutes wair from the 3aar (of the Roya Ax&lrym, the. Dock-yard, and Rtallway Station. 1IffSSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS wire directed by the Mortgages to SELL by AUCTIONl, at the ar,on Toeay December 15. at 12 o'clock, In one lot an eligible LEBHL INVESiTNME , comyrloing No., 43, 44, 45, and4. AE3wes-terr,.ce, on the eset side of Wood-strevet, near the Barracks ofthe RoyaArtillery. The houses form a separate group and pesentahandsome elevation,with fo_recourts,ecclosed by dwf walls and anenmnentaL Iron gates. and small garden. in the rear. No,, 43 and 44, are oocu$led by Maior Taddy and MaJor Dickson of the Royal Artilery, N'o.45A by Captain Carter, and No. A4 `by Mrs. 'Wolfe. Also a valuable corer Plot of Ground adoining, at presen cultivated. by a market gardener, but offering anueigible sits It the erection or two or more residences. The whole held for St year, at a gound rent of £26 12s. per annum. The houses maay be viewed with pymton o thete s.ta hn ourad at the Ship Tavern, Wow ioh; of EX J. Jeniuns, Fa. eolcidor,1 Mltre-court-building,% Temple : and ot Messrs Rushworth end Jarvi, Savile-row, Regenitstreet, and 19, Change-alley, CornbiL. BlEhop- -Waltbam HBante.-Fixturee and Ut- neieI Traade -House. hold Furniture. Horse. Carriages, small Stack of Hay, Ato. 'ESSRS. PLEWS andi WALL will SELL by JJ. AUCTION, on the Promisee, the Crown Inni Eishop's WeT. thaul, on Tueedsy. December 1. at 12 o?clock. by Airection Of the Asmsigees of Mxr. belk, a bankrupt, the TR&DE FITTINGS, brewing utensils, houSehold furniture, china, glass, plated article.,~ a bores a 0elareoe,pae0n, a stanthope gfg, harniers, and A email stak of bay. On view te day previous. CataLogues may be had on the premlara and of Plews anid Wall, 34 Poutltry, and Clpbam-rsad. Torrn~tn.ausreyasion~le nd eary uw Fu.roturo, a 55exvlom of oden Eate PltedArtcle, hndsmeChina a d Cut-Gluea, Tabl andBed inen Win, an MIsellaeousEffects. 1IjrESRS. PEWS an WALLare instructed by itttheProrieor o SLLby AUCTION on the Premisese.12 Torrngtn sqare onWednesdayr, Des. 2, and following day, at 12 fo-r 1, tb eleant URBIURE,Including a drawing room' suite, in wMk. nutIee an sain roclole,gilt oensole table, chiozney.glamses rich vrtet ilecapet, dnig mmoomad itbrary apauedalves, In Spaut-h mahgan, te aair Imororco leather, massive set of dining tables, eldbord,Brssls aret, chamber furniture Includln4g mAhogan rainbdtad. a lady's winged wardrobe witha plae-1laea panels, said the numeroau Other effect customary to a geontOmans rdnjoe all of the ktet des,ription, and ouly very re ;ently supplied. The residenoe. In pefect decorative repalr, to be let. May be viewed teie dal prcdn h sale, and catalogue. had on the Premumse; and of Messes, Flwsand Weall, 3, Poultry, and Clapham-road. In BukrntcyStoo.inTra,o o a Wtchaker an.d Je`weller. LfESRS. LEWSand WALL are directed by th r fMr. lHenry Cockburn,Ito SELL by AUCrTIO on he remses InKig-rtreet, Richmond. Surrey. on Tuesday, Dae. 8than flloin dy,the extensive STOIK-in-TRADE, oomprlingol an slve wtchs,gold guard and Albert chains, 300 gold signet mouring,and therring, 210 gold scarf and Other pins, 100 gold Sind pikr pnri ses,shes,brooches, bracelets, a valuable regtxlat r, slier lae, ndplaedarticles, including corner dishes and OveTs,1 eanlesiok, offe, ndteapots, spoons and forks, scmet frames, &c., culrenc ande oameri tan l Ie,jet ornaments, papier machLe artcices, cuter toletornmens I galue aLnd Parisian sessence bottles shell comrbe, brushes and innumerable Items. May be viewed the day previous to the sale, and catalogue. had on the prealicea, and of NeMers Plews and Wall, 34, Poultry, and Ciapham-road. of Theeate o wfb7 ther cent.Prtclaors anod, cindition bo saeMay be a dT T teMr;o Mersoll. awreincePowsad (rt%tproyse, soactos 14, OlA ewycm bees fw . Bel, In s t e ty oflanassig neWednCoesday-tet-nli ln ofM r. Plows:~ and hold,3e, dow~s, n CLandam-rod H u. Pusatto an C aiderof ahm,I the HighCour of Chncry adei as cause oaid "t v. Niner awlnd bousei, with the Mpr.ohton of stise- ancello Wood In three. Enlots,re byf MeadoHw PL EWnd the moew-lae, 4.r 10nthe ty to Lonon John Wednesay,M ther a6thuDesombr TwoERTAlNsFre ehoo d Mekdow LAd cn ahind r 2 a et Hou s Ennever at;£38 nerannum. Printed particulars, with plang, mayb had of MessrT. Young and Plows, sollcItors, 29, Mark-lane : ofMess Lawrence, Plows, and Borer, solicitors. 14, Old Jewrly-cbamb.s;o Messr. Lewis, Wood, and Street, solletert6o tamu'.bidns Gray's-inn: at the Auotlon Mart; of Mess urig ndFacs solicitors, Romford; and the Pherntx Inn ls oteRihs Staton;andof InsaucIoner,34, Poulty Checeemoger, Hosehold ornt,ueflMoe C srt, H ares iLfB. ETE BRAD illSEL by AUCTION, LVI o thepremees,BIS AY, ovember 10, at i. the STOOK In TRAD, copriing heee, btte, been,hams, pork, lard. kc. ; the Oxtuee hd tensls,ooulatng o contes, cales. machines, weigbts, andth uina efets.Alo fe ltsofhou'ehold furniture On viewmoring06 ale Caaloueson the premise. or of the auctioseer, Railway Stto.Spro modern hoehl Furniture and Effects.-hontSae lIf.PETE BROAD wvill SELL by AUCTION, Aaonthe Premises, To-morrow, Deoember 1, at 12, the enperilo modern HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE; compricing mah',gauy fourpoeft, Arabian, and Frenhob bedstedads bedding, chesa. of drawers. was~h. stands, mahogany Ion, dining, and occasion%l V%bles, eels of chairs, conches, Bruwsla carpets, chimney glasees encravinge bronrzs; a walnut-tree drawing room suite, a very ouperlor line-toned pianofi3rte, china, gloss,kitchen reqolsiegs, nd various effects. (Snview day prior. Catalogues on the preemles, or of the auctioneer, '28. Poultry. Rallway St3tO,Cmoiu ottage Beeddldeom. 'witoh Grounds, d Fthe BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, S ODtePromisee, To-morrow, December 1, at 2 precIsely, the valuable INTEREST in the AGIIEEMEF-T for LEnASE of the ahore oDmmoodleus RESIDENCE, for a term of 7, 14 or B1 years, at the exceedingly low rental of £40 per annum. The houra) contains foutr commodious bed rooms. three reception rooms rind ample domestic oloffics oach-homse, stable, Ac, standing in ita oas grounds of about one am., May be viewed. Particulars on the Dremises, or of the auctioneer. 98, Poultry. Firt las Wnsan fIInt gale icung suptrior P,,rts and Snerysea In wod nd otte, oryold lkenneesy'e Br.Andv, 10 years In bottle, oldBrady n wed 124),champagne, &c.-Unrsce've' Sale0. 1~A . PEER BOADwill SELL by AUCTION, at te Mat, o Thrsday. Deo. 3. at 12. the sup-rior STOOK In TRAD; coprIing eryfine Ports and Sher, les in h- gsheals and quatercak-,berin sme of the most favourite brau4s. and shipped by Sandeau, Qo EleHarris, Forrester. Burmsueter, Thompsol buld Crof, Mctioc, ousy, c.: about 25 dot. '-I vory cuperlor old Pore ad Sernse,choce Champacue, Claret, Nfisileu. Port, while andedCpo,fin ol lit band, 1 caesHe,nepge's s.sl6brandy, 10 rear in bottle &oSamebote. mybeh" .The winessandspirIts teated two dy prior tthsaeCtlous had at thLe Uart; or of the auctionee,2,Puty KIngstret, ovet-grdenPlee Go'l~ Apare, ad micll.B.aneou MiESSR&L ')BNA TRR, and SON will -iL SELIL at their oosKngtre.oent-zgrden T RIS DAY. the 30th lust., at ii. LAIS n GNLo N's ArTIRE, unite fogrthe uresent season rihsl,stn n evtdes vieces,broAd. clothe, beavers and bucsas ies cmrc,bd,bdding, carpets, and effects. A Marin flhronseeter,ISO Cod and tlilvr r Wath,o. Silver T.a Services, Walters, Spoons and Force, Fashionble Trinukets, &o.- On View. MESSRS. DEBENHAM, STOROR, and SON wvill M LSELL bJ AUCTION. atthebir Roome, To-slo,erose, December 1, at 11,2W0 lot' of .IEWZLLLERY plate, wtathes, and v-sl,able miscellanicer. O Iw Xnsre 5setrri,.bo.2.i Sales f ric Geno Velvts, Fenh Silks. we Nutrl,V~zand CI'sir-, and Dleskins, Attir,lra ish Linen,10abinet Go-ads. Furniture, Table end Red Linen, end Miscellantes.fDeoember ISa? 1jESSRS. DEBENIHAM, STORR, and SON will J.LLBELL by AUCTION, at theikR oo-rs, lhro,seho,t the nisuth of December, vAried EFFECTS, in appropriate lots,'on the days following, viz : Wedne6day, the Id Friday. the ISt's Vfriday the 4th Monday. thie 21st Monday, the 7th Wednesday. the 23d WednesdaLy, t1he 0th Mionday, t'~e 28tis Friday, the Ilth an on Monday. the 14th Wednesday. the 30th. The property may be viewed, and catalogues oh' aieAse one day prior. -KIng-etreet, Covent-gacdeu, London, Nov. 28,1IS57. Auction Mart, for the Sae of Table a'nd Slehalvt Plate. Chrono- meters,Watches and Clocks, loose Jewels, hr.Nsnt 0ruame~ts, Cold Trinkets, and Other costly P~roperty. EtA4blirhed in the yea 1813.-Notices for December, 1857. 1USSRS. DEBENHAAM, STORR, and SON beg .Lir-espectfully to cell the attenation of the nobWiiy, gontry, h%',lers solicitors, executors, rilveremlths. and jewetllrA too their iIALBOl by AUCTION of valuable PR(lPlcRTY of various hinds. Including massve slIver plate, Sheffield plated Ite-, , ,eLs.h cl3rk%. chronometers watchles, onset brillf3rite, ernerilds, sslpDhfres. ruhie', and pesarls, diamond ornaments and bijouterle. Tisoso for the mouth of December will be held on :Tnesay,thelet. Thursday the I'th, Thusa.te d,Teeadav. lbs 9224. Tuedy the 8th.Thursday. the 24th, Thursday, the lftt, and on Tuesday. the 15th. FrIday. the 12th. Wednesday, the 16th, Terms of commissIion on the amount realized may be obtained o-s oppliratmon at the auctioneers' offices, where Malo printed catalogut -a of forthcoming sales are always ready for diatrLbation.-Kingubutro, Cvovet-garden London. November IA 1857. Fenchuxch-.treet, city.-Absolute and Peremptory Sae of the Stockln Trade ot a Brushmaker and Turer, to lihipperie, Private lwamllies, ¢ Pg. , W , HOLLIcNhGCSbWORoT)Hvwill SELL, on the iLL remies.146,Pachuroetret. n Tursday next, Dec. 5, atl2, the whole of the modern HOUSEHOLD FUNIoTUE BStock in Troe, nd ffets.On iewthedayprir-Aictonmart and officte, The Flttingsof an Insoranoe-offlce, exceUent 1o'.1ebold Furn'ture, HOLL~GBWORTHwill SELL, at his iiiEoms.nWdneda net,at 2 apialOFFICE and HOUSE. flr. to oadromtables,library and other ditto. wardroes, thee pedstal deboars, an varle°effects Onviewthe Poplar.-Small llreeold Investment, hIjR, . URBR wllsubitto AUCTION, at AlL he Actio Mat, Brthoome . lascty, on Wednesday Dec.2, t 1 fe 1,a bickbuit DELLNG-OUSE, situate ana bein 3,Duf-steet Eat Idiaroa. Ppla,le toa respectable tenant at £1 nr anum.Mayb viwed.Pariculrs,with conditions of Bale toe hd a th prmisc :1 Mssr. Cverale, Lee, Purvis, and Colre soictor, . ledorl-rw ad a te actonoffices WArwick- Capita FurnIture, the Property Of a gentleman going abroad. R. P. SANDERS WI SELI bY AUCTION, on i.YJ t Pru's. No, Nobtou- Gentbe northoBs wae,T-morw eebe s,a2,a WPdtnao the HOUEHOD URNI U BE,AsRboe copilSing eve y reqOisiNe fo thebe,daigan diMIgroom.The, bedding thel' cutrthains the carey and lokNggl4aused nueal nw MybeveeonTsdyadMorgl fsae an Paalge had a t 12. Henry oleI Cr dP.avn-trae AS yB ate b~indaCleto fhgh-class Painting of the vos eo3i;amnafenglish, Flemish Schools. ~ ~ ~ ~ in BARNS illSELL by AU tION C'u th Premses,60 4, Pnt'schuchyad, TI AY MnDlay)No FZ. ~~and MANSON roeapof Arm.G91e noie -hathy wil BELL br AUTIN tibair ,e othsawthrlqe rpreenttIns,andsevrt wthe wikirns Damed PictosesY Ancient and Modem Matr,tepropert of a gentlema. 3M Rs S. CHRISTIE andM SO will BELL by AUOTION, at their Great Ro,n ln-Aet st. JAO equare, on Saturday. Dec. ~ Oat l3eIseya COLLECTION of EIGHTY FICTURES, b )eaten ann oe am,tepoet S.agnlea,rcevdto CH I the eandry M mArSONg reopckuly la.dscape, by Stte,vtorRe teIrelt.wtthehe (1b0UTIN tten 0r at frap italyoered workvt ofTotoersktoo; anldn ganDlro geampeeb lperee.b and the Ls Soun o Lo.e Pomn: also, abou th 30peationg otplem flrotefne; ia iand and numebousatheruworks ot mar In the tedifferent schoo1s. H ay be Tiewed two days preoein,andctlog,e had. had Pod.tortue. MWESRB. CHERISTIE and MAN~SON repetol Room. ! noc htto i SELL by AUTION. a3w.elry, an . AE8EIBLALI of. PAmPee . by Thnay.cien and enode masoweng fro, aifeen rthae collctins; ofinin aw peir hof gamecopriesing rweenod;a gan lanodscae,wiby Wtrloo;a ftheSason, mbyoBasno and thebardn oVeLoe. byt Vanm veke, fro thendcolleto old Quee Habtens a andsae Owbyx orangsd;ocmnilojcs and nueou thrpeas wosrks ofte, dfoerksntndchools,butd tle May be viewed twodasrcdig dssPel,and catalogues had. Monwy -voinc Dmodernunire j[ UTESGSTR an (J&RIS TIE andt NO eaetu NGiAeINotie ha tby wIzSL bhe e UTO,a hi ra nf thte, by rdeTrE of thoe ml houssfomrsn roswoo anea!oooddraingroo franitng, mht yogan THiIn romGairs coerd wiETh a theior velvet 2,a hanloeeot d treat LAbine,Dglss,an carpmets tos and ornaevtal ob7cts pandte usua bedr bmund oice two Tolsr, aIwmpderna holos, andWOI af thle On Moiday evening, December and fo e olowng e veningt atb SOUT- ~OTGAATE and BRt ,aRt the, aBoomer Ro2m, 22,e tleet-te M GR.AHIDGBS wyill BhEL ebynn AUTOeN, arthist mnyw in d1ue tate byorder of Methetreete and r hao2y-aae Boys OnhMonaY. Devmenin3. Dce and tofownineys foloin eveningst1, at 6.- vyOUPUGATOfEOKS and tAReTT, abtthei RooAms 22, themttiect, MaeI taend wortat fet.onou dmrywlnge.das o,nldn On Mody Ofaes-cons, de. 14d,an fOlonwlag even ongs aihe, b ScowTH Bibl E 6 and! BARR0eIT a thbeir ROoms, 2 Weleet-stWreet,ivo Ond Yriallayevefonwardc. on and followng . nne ti ySUH JIjrR HODG A il ELb ACTION, at his ATLnew Rooms, th pns fuet-tetad Chanoery.ls,ne, on Wanfeeftlon of BOK,i hooy, hetryclsIcs,o valusable & th soc of aen cnth ybe sllrroqlhn the bounuses and thear Prfrer~ roiety's Poblom os dos.Rre lotel, Hiosto RymBiery' Puioatbone, 167oe ;Hl onote Liury, voe Mt., o aw~ and. catalogues fowre8 o plctln a b iwd VIO&OT14,aw ook, RporT,ILe ObittR, H OIGS illBELay ACTON atnhi and LTnew Roms rthe:an otrher ofFersre adCacr.ae, o BoOK,f m the leoU ibraCieson a^ slcorfaiheon nd baJccdeal 17vole, HamilThe ChommnaylcteMuea Lawnd MitR.a 8voe H DSONlwniOpr,eit WBlkiLs,y AUTON,; Hatnhsa Paerlimetaryth Hestire BT OOKsdOOeIESo the Laiornl ro 87ta liSt ceompCete; omprtins 0ng erm7-.ls Han-rots kr' to tbe bywe Bardeand Chitty 6re voula, Bop.' olaeUas c& Lw) 60y cphleimor te, 4 onygts. lens adbyj f h Hamond an Voget;abltje Garden. est by Wsell 7.&58ople.:andother h moer proleaY' works; aclo Ga rdenig kindg eots,to,k The wholeo In good c ondion.e hordviewed kand Thein sontmeSt ofmlt saoes anD PtoprialGhte of the A.t r.$ GenorgeCo, 2 vol. foio :1, of Kueing-street boovs(eltlsrdeo.) exsCuca YIard.aul,fp uOD GSd& wil BELLD uby UCfTION, Tate- hiy LVL New Jobos atd th cornergh of Knieetste, Cabndt ChansrkIe, on Monday, Dhec.u14,mand& followingk days,a 12meobel Cby1 forde 3of) the ExDeotcs)au the enpdgtir :C tand eoOPYR[t G a teofothe lates r.h fanOWD Gefenehont, fop eloluns e.oSd.) 600copIe and Ath coybgt Foody' Htand-bo,kwod of thCrutanada egetablenGren.or Oreg . Tasells Tc,aSd. M2 opies and thei Asoopyiht;m Gleninh's Porwaytcalrdening,le tnlse~ls in . otd. I, it oDestn andx the ooyylghta the copyriht pandtemaiinor o of Knolendg', oth- eeraPpla Whorsndvlms onfadei poyal: byard vnof 30n00 ofleniht's Shillin Volume In cloth a-nd qoire, tin-d meudng omcopeeet 10itoltalryof the bro. mnyotin C. A. Johns.wel-kow and t'ecypoh 1KIh'.CbntSuker,1 folwn ]fEngtCI.Tcue:Lr BntLon ind his Srtns h Mood JoT an oackwood ofCatae, late Sense CoreguonTeitr ertles andfothrUnteesing wors; the copyrights and tereoftyb Lae BOK, Szw-OItIzebuland Lecti neat'e How to Osrve o nf h' boks IveL and eleentarybors, Letur,es conth avooio lte. 8uiree and bo1nd, Illugh'ratedif BoostamndsQomel houndto I6. 0 ONe of he stck Sof th late Mr.Che on Moda, 7ecm BIVOOKS,B veiz -8 ibhr' etron the History ofvo Rome. 3 'rots. Am0 fellcs fd,) ; 595 Oaiebmohr's Lectertreonnentf itory Oofs EOvgo.d (s Vol2e.; 4 GTOgh' New Testa MentQotati ons S. (sell ifs.): 603 Mofh'e Phsarmacy. voan.: 400. 1s,6e on Cau erio 472 2LTinwo' Lfcpon to14 ~ECbyln SOvlo.; 24 Byoms. 3 Wmo. erxis i anderisa fopi.; f 95 168eol' Literantore oifte Chrcf o Uwbher 8va., 132 Erderoe of Profane History, 8,0. ;753Fec and Skiae`r'. Tranlation, of the Ftalme,. 8ro. ; 780 em of Sacred Literature 2 vole. smnall Bra. 1 30 GleIg's Life of Sir T. Munro. 2 volt, io. ; 597 Gems of Barre Foetry 2 vole. email Oo. ; 800 Goaerlke's Christian AntAquItIes, 12ro. ; 168 !i%rtshoms's Salo,pla Antique, 8ra. ; 21 ditto, larg paper ; 579 Colonel.lackeoso on Minerals, post vor.; 371 JTakaon on Armies, Ore. : 583 Janice an the OorrDupong of the Father,, vor.;. 500 Jesuit EReectorshtl), 2 vole, Podt Ore. 576 Riddle's Luther and his Times fop.; 214 Trimmee's Practtoa Geologoy, 8Ov. ; 7eO Weld's History of tire Royal SocIety, 2 vole., Bre. Alieo. I Ombomed bindings 03 Paul Jerrsrd's Garden Beauties (tells 31L.0d) - 50 F;Ower Painting, In Twelve L6soens (rolls 2te.) ; 25 The Flora Offering Icell 2ie.) : 12 Beta of Gems for the Drawing room, by Paul Jerrard, 4 vole. (cells At Its. Gd.) ; 100 The Mloral Souvrenir (eels 25,) - 50 ditto ditto (sells 21a.) - and other hooks suitahle for Christmas and New YOear' giftt. SpecImes Of the above mn.a now he seen, and oat%logues Will he shortly readty.-Atlerary Sale Rooms, corner of Fleet etroet andCnauoecy-lane. In the Queen's Bench.-tisrmnel WisnRwe,psubr,. Andrea Esposito,dfnat T,EDWARD LUILYwl EL yAC TL2IO'N,at Garraway's,chang-ny ooil NRA,Fr 10th. at 12 for I O'clock. by direcinothSerf fidle.te INTERERIT of Andrea Esposito, thlbv.amddfn at In nd to the Neapolitan BI3RG, the Mari hitn,nwliga h SouthQuay, London Docks printed patclrmnd mniin of Sale at Garraway's ; and at Mr. Edward Lulysacinolcs 7, Chan. cmr-lane. RogenVeB-park.---The Conent ofarCotag um irre osi of '-EWAltD LUMLEY will SELL by AUCA TO,on the Premirtes, Cromwell Cottage. Park vi ae East near the Yorkc cud Albany. To-morrow, Dlecember 1, at 12 for 1, 156 tote of well-made FURNITUItE of sets of chairs, c0fas, conches, esry charsfndvsend doe-Ionf carpet-o.mchimncy-.gla.re,setofSan broe, ndothe tabes Ruites ofcutan, Ol od6rnaentoal iTuems, Dapial chamer uritue wo fur-oetbedinasmeasrdrobe marbnole,to waehtsns ad deseng abls wth lases,dtmetfor the douigee and varius ffets. ap e vewe, an caaloues ad f MrkSephered, No. 7 A, Bingbaloaseht-ueirUneold Furniture, dfoa, EDW`AIk,VR' THERS Y will S ELL by A AUC-O aiihu eeT.atth heirR ond-.starwee T, mon whrDacym,rD f,aqaniyort HOUt JSEOLD FURINITURE, cof thesitighng. kitceny oaredust.e loisan ofr wbearIng wappa-rel, and vriouswd effcts Catalogute,ats 87, Crhaner-ane.aoay edig esofc%7:t chi n nreservd aled o m Soz=,ct-lshimney-adohrglaseu d logue hIoA at the rooms,2,Ode.dozet nTusa.De I, Cat2 oeryI,o unde ircumstances that rptreclundeotheraolImptyoftan re serve 20 brilliantblae e himney-Col Mes, 10ow meurn the Pndeone dlmolonery, 0inu.t within 2andtesofthe Ma80ncheysteOV txheyaealle in thandomely decLsnedca3trved an'ilJr. me WIL f GRsDperoranfahtlborean boet Mandhstr in alluespects suthed forthea diin andmr and7 atalogueslhad at the rfeooms; atnduat t. Edwacrde ofmthe engh Cionrtoffcs07 Chancery-lraoine. ecueof1 erc ams iz No.76ald Bandetshes,datedeth-Suero 5household Furnt,IMiture Otie ofmture sad Fiuttig, Inaoerhnigloete,ie n thrCr pEts n sunryoEfets.ob ferdcmrse h thelthzutrreserveDuT, at d theiRom,a lamove. Tomorw Thecmth'rxl somels carvedt lofU and cesard vbesins owoalnut-treern reewood. A2p.- liando bhedsteadsin biwrch and ma hogayleding, shetsmaae ofais teasy chir in reaewoommd and maogny heimnedy and othery,glancesa hoand-e soumesvelve pieand othe oarpunets rugs, velvet tof able ofntess,tantuty loguse had at the rooms. measu In Cbarery~To CaitalIts, Cal Prorintos, an othes.-bmortan S,erald estate IntO tLroU2taoo. for the passge of codl free of tolli he mines forming the said ollilery wilt be rold subject to au underleese to Mesr3 Andrew Knowles and Sons, at a minimum rent of £1,436, and at improved ronyties varying from £70 to Xl20 rerststu'eacre, and cubjeotto tho Dpyment ofall surfacerot. The underleesea also pay at wayleave rent or £10 per foot per Cheshire acre, on aU coal brought through thse oollieries from adjoining mines. The capabilities And excellent working oondition of the Pendlelon Colliery, the exemption from toU lInto Bromghton mnd Manchester, and the close approximation tbereto, toe oollery being only 2i miles from the MaNubestor Royal Exchange under thls one of the most desdrable pro,,eros ofthis desripon In tBreo unt Plane oofulldescriptve are being prepred rand macey be had gras in Lodon or Msrs htiteg and Boorero, solicStors, 10, Whitehail-piace;e and Neene Cooper an3d tocgson, soELctor, No. S, Ver31am -bealdng, Gray's 1nn;a,nd IL Manchester, of HuLgh IBieOn. Eaq., Broughton, near Mfanchester; aft the principal hotels ISn Manchester and Liverp>ool; or f rom Mr. Grundy the anotioneer, S16, KISngetet Manchreter.__ No, 19. Lower Brook-street, Groevenor-equare. h/FR,GEORGE lROBINSONfhas reeived instructionsl AlL to SELL by AUCTION, at the Galilery of Mfese Sprlggs 19 Lower Brook street.-Groevenor-square, on Monday, December 14, at 12 tori Precisely, a COLLECTION of Ancient and modern PAINTINGS from pdrivto souroes. comprislng exemples of an Ha n Poussti Rembrant DoTgny Old uOyp J. ldettel Valentint VISlanni Pordenone Rngsbriht Arnfield A. Keufternan GhlSholphi N. Storok Arendeld Smart Incudingful-length Portraits of the Rura EmDerors, Alexander and Nicholas. by .Dawres and other efects. May be viewed two dars previous. and ca tallogues had OnL the premies; angd at the offioes of £r. rGeorge Robinson, 21, Old Bond-street, 20lneteea Shes ot Itaianr nculvtare, just imported from Leghorn, 1IAESSRS. JONES and BONHM, by direction of OonLgtheConlgUne S TEL br AUCTION, in theSr lahre Roolm on Wdeday evening. Dec. 2, at 6 ts the minute, thoOONTkXT8of 19 CASES; consistig ot groups, statuettea, Tvase taxa, erees, &tC (especlallyr a pair standing ii feet high), from the mosft distinguighed models known Sa Erpea galleries; among them wUI be found exuaitely hiseld specmens of the soplpt's art in Sienna, B"d-gI" - 3 Mb oue r agate, end other oholoo marblS wrought1ito obj6ctao h most daco and elegant chaacter Derteining to the Grek and Roman shoohls Yor the hall, libra or yp s wok offr. a obr:Z eiai ae Ilpbl rson Of Pedned a De lbie on view onll titme o s ml4 a logus Ab fe oancSi , I _mcestar4ked and Princstreat, XaIe*". Hosmehold Furniture, ocutans,Crpt, GIWSN Pianiofortes, O&1b5" Glas,ad Zff-3te remmo, d frmTUjb up'waehoe= 1IL RP ILLIP~e will SELL hII AUCTION, at MRs mtRooms New Roudisa #TE1 DLYZ the nth Inst..st' ~5Fdtl curWtin. witsh uin and ecowhte sovered lo so Ih deocraive sebinet soad tables, ricngoem fesntuss, eadting ot S, Irsoromesideoardwiths,ls ~- ark arcular se t o extendin Collectiond ofuhe coeernaroc,tef of telibtary,lsd elea,ndPHIerLIPSbeg,~55it ts tarnpne*,Aain tha h y mon w. aD UooembriaI ec usy&OL ma og at silem Pk,".bl *ardrobScwhoostinclduind tbes, cina by, an wlIo Useu fets May b veedo laoiay .,. la thee slean MA Cletino modern Furntur , domtv Csiant De 9L-bPctrs, ~tand and Waer Oelur Dra b isfothe O Masters, e ffc*m BJ . PHILLIPS beg to announoe that he Wil BXLL byAUCTION, at Roo lieyNewR Bond.etret T Bierrw. ecnterg 1,d Mna y sele,.7at OOLeLheIN ofe higly bieaa Nug moder 3pIClUe,H byeletm follthe and othe r erancth,o andem DlianBbos ncludingTer exerXamwlnutds by, Gcrain, lUso and Potbure by tpet olkad mathers Including th works of thnie,w. roonanlte, he, 6d ayb iwalu-od.Satuerd and chmneoto sol, ad ataoges adat r. hiilp',as bae. Pnd eeins a ff.PHILLIPS3 ibetmts to nou e thL t by AUCl JJ.L8INyAonTtON ate ils, Ro1m, Nehfi-w t BLdattst, on Satin.. day, Decmbe 5 and Monday,llt Dewnserat I pwelacly the dayshlona FUNrior mad todledn byUMNsTrs. formang n other woe antupoto Mtr.eRom emncludPn avr emanufivuerwalnu and reyurte rom chamber I~te Incldotes 22 w ardobl,ho sesiionasi andbdelRch.o, eela nt uelve, inlsdote r carpets, iind maoanyd oth2 ouztalsu o fth drawes Abing, soomd iedsindI watu-wodperan thi er wlasbsestnand, sromen fra es, lineni maret.rl, cbidntessblne andegts of boxls tebdilsdaut4 obedceof Tarfnotote ornaenag'tls and chiu;na,e maontd ditcmnin- roo and o lhibrary falnuture,In Spanish mashega 0!r enpdylorirl nd mhakeirs e f h and glastoosrem , oTherequisiteswD ofthedotheerwcapatmentsbian btleedloneeavluble joprey, in-.7o eludng fe clverwatrcooordraing an patelsasgandbevrmsewit the ay recdin thoeal, a Mr Philipts oom, and cataanogues j~~JR. PHILLIPS ris istrctd to r S fLamby GlUC- TION, n thelChina.s CLoj:, aBdothellrow t Luke's o hu day,10t, ad Fiday egsh Dtoa at pneiel ehaho day the superor mde mdem udELLUEr forin &UJI1,tb wholVes atocico Mr. Bss. mmet as amanuactuer.1, who Is pretirin frmban maple, aiut,andtmhoeny P2ei. cheat Suoofr awdere,ant Aiebla and onist edsemd,, 1t wabed-tpand upolther n waLbctedidg, tending dining tbles flvrows enged skmod l wudhs fo nine g~.n, Inulgig ch irs,and sfsetoe corrsodovered inh h sametoeco,n pedesal ad otor w Itn ortbl,sight haoksndsom chfonles es inarlona catdrandmeas,oal reblet toa cQU rrespond,Pzoot bayltale roeaicw,aa dsa, andl aovariebyVAof ob net ppl.aezvto fubLrnihio.MayW be viewed w daysprio tothe ale,andcataogue ba onmhearesyIs a tiok gMp. Philip's,?~Nw Bnd-tret, nd t Grra a'eofehogany and otbo alley, Coruhilt..wdrbeg dwa R.PILLIPS bes itoracnounbe that Ao sgne to BY.trcELLt reov aXTInd SLnyA TIat his great RZoomsow,on De e od-remetro 14tuda, ade.1 a 1olwn prdley . (aat l not.being. alloed otk l on theprmies)l e A spUI ior and elegan ofUART foTrm,spled by P .. okeminaentf ewest-nd patereret oonclingteo an Wiodo~ th-laschois, ad setecoveedywth th same, oteregan- cabnis,feortiv cocs ndchmo,inwa. lse rmu gil fams,a eptiio fllocar gan panfotue GoBsoa wonem . pil Brwel capes. iseforitre f frs ha bersIs als 0anoe woods, cootiatW ad tJeng of Arainadohrhdt A s ardrobesdrauwerAb of cina nd tes,andthem reqiie of ditheguished tetofes. Tefy Mr.Phulip oo S o rdy tbeg 1th, wnnencatges thay be ob- LYE. SEL byAUCroN,at hiis gret Rooms, New Boadstrcet, on Monay Dcemer14h,and fET o mprin dsy,atg orcsly each Drday the Colection f nlcbe oldTItUiTt arnde.e-ust WOREA ofi tiqltis, bjete f te an ofethen1to pentmury tem ftage rues carvigs * nda arit fwbet ofntastues anda Tritoy Also, Ites off do. ericedwih biathe andothert prousa setoneen. Kay be viewed todays arcei gthsae, and-cataloguies bad at Mr. ±'nlllpe'. oficn anoomf as above.ffeti Old drre, reaen,andOsiler ocein, faol-d withln irnstr and WtIoies Snffboes iatr,anObet of Km Ar%10twand Voto thELLb ALUOTIBON by AUt ON atmbl his grediat goons New1tBond-sket,-oio adWednesday, Decmber16, 2 at6 1 forecIs rdely, a ACL lEthOeo bueautifu HOUBaECTS FURNIST U ndTRE n U FU cop IsngcludSirns Dredon, and. Chelseaporceonlan, cars fu fine old Itcahros.exust arring InWth silvpertfiur of Qut. Seastliane eofrte with peclr, temsl bac the rare lao japa, mibuf-oes, cameow miniaturewoad ame varet ofobjectud Collrd bilotebrlek and taustemth drawinertpoomla tenleman. Mayme vliewd twohayse prorotesl, and cafosryo,taloadguobes ad atprohiliss, fo aseo hadofe dslete, ie adfrk." a few fine OIl Effets.amn first rteiope romgl the nexeutleof ts uammnLotwood tobl aEnL bthe bron. cbiasd g4, and o theioalsables,chairs,ofour ineodcairyIes,late the property. anuco Cxalolinee, on he prnem iths pladofte-lsBec andt mnar-a bls tffop,cbie I uNforth-te. in Brihoneodcs,b oladadClad tbles, ookcase, celet wing ward,Rztoblomwrble,ton washitay, Dan geneal 2 cambrfurItue ; calctlouncs f ofTE plate, com nsising oa te,ln handsom dobeeset kiesad forks. 7cnho.; stews fineqoilpaintings amongut fis5at ,pr lsols. a eo.llea alsoafle%rtment oItabl 0eandlther linn,chia,gl es, andheusul routkbidne of roa cul inar es Daypbe his . oleies,tliA, borthsteet,blb Bi hton. m uebae gor To eniemn, loisets,and othersAaea.h - -SSrSn. xPRmTI{Enromed arbnds.bstt7otwt tulips, rauncds, Lo lad iemolus, g oo,: asoalde.aassortmento ba0dhethe sitanan and dwrf rose s,ioncludin At ybridsu boumrb.Lyong hia oe pe Clearance Wae of the remaining genduie Stock of Serat-clas Foreg 'Wine%, together with a few ucleared lots.witbout re,gern hjESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUCLY. TION. at Garrawai'e Coffeehouse, Chanlge-alley, Corahill, an Thursday, Diec. 3, at 12 for 1. VWIES - Includtin l16 dozen very superior Port, old in bottle, and of celebrated shlepers, 21 dozen ditto in pn.25dz 10 very euperior pale Sherry, three dozen eight la bry ordzen two pale Sherry, eight dozn very dinest spkling Hostile, thres dozen ditto ini pints, 14 dozen PAle branudy In One-dozen case,, fire dormn sparkling Hockr. sTven doze Champ3gne In bond, a fewdozn lquers.codias. o.;als, fomthe Crimea, 17 caue fine Por an Serr, i bnd,chipe byVaretI, .G. ILSmith, and ThU- Suhs,HarrDw, stlddlesex.-Prime Meadow EHay and C-orn powetflCrH orss olts N-ag Horace, fat sheep, fine Ptigs exoelent, arigIpementg. Farniture, to. A ER and SON having re-let the farm wTe innjstructed to BELL by AUC 110I4-, on the Premises, To-morrow, De.2, and followIng day, at IS o'clock each day, the whole of the valuable EFFZOr'S, comprising 2120 Lads of very prime hay, stacks orf capital wheat, oats, and beaus, seven powerful cart horses, two colts, a, capitel naghorse, 1ichhbce bred pIgs 70 fat shbeep,afa teow, 1ihaY and dung cart., two waggona. spring cart, Donnett's wash-butt, excellenxt ienu andL wood land rollers, hay-making machine, hand thrashIng ditto. winowing, chadf, and hay-weighing ditto, rick poles and thefuniturmehinld ut andother bedsteads, beds, and eddingar, chSt. Parneras, MR. AIRDER ill ELLby AUCTION, by ~Y~odero the7dorgages, a Garawa':s Coffeehouse, Change. slir Crabil,on uecsy eceber15,at 12, FOUR well-built; HOdSS. bingNor.71, 1, 4, ad 75 Up ertymnour-reet: all In osptalreair an lt t repetalleterut. producing £141 per annum The evera bones ma be vewedby leave oyf the tenants, Paricuarshadceen aisprir o te sle fG.3. Shaw. Mmq, No.S, FnrivraIrs. ndat r.(dledess ffie.lii.Totentioam-co.-roa, xElganxt Furniture, Two f ull-compass Pianofortes. Four Iron Salem office Fittlings, 12-lielht or-mnoula Chandelier, Palsies, Prints, a CircularSawing Maclilac, tO. T'OPLIS, SON, and HARDING will SELL by TLAUCIICN, at their Rooms, 16, St. Paul's churchyard, XQ., on Thursay, Decemirber 3, at 12 otuly FUJINITURE- including Arabian. four-port, and lFrench%est.ed, to Lamahiogany and iron, and good bedding. 4--feet and winged wardrob.s, withi pte-g'ass panel, marble-top wallhstandii, chests of drawers, toil,t tables and glasses, carved walnut and roeewoo-ddrawlng-ro-om suIte in rich silkand relvet, two obeffoulers with plate-gla, s, large chimney-glasses, pedesta side.. boad, ed ofdiingtalee mhognycharsand couches in Utechh vevToa Lle ather ooUraytbes, am 7-can e B taby Liaenoforebi o se. RONand SON will SELL by AUCTION, at toheir1ome, No. 25, Porestreet. city, on Friday next, the STOCK of Mfr. Rcogers Weetmingier-rldde-s.sd, baby linent warehouseo and bosier ; als 400 loee of linen and woollen drapery, readymade elothing, do. 'tlbert-terraee, Knightsbridge. R.KRKE will SELL by A'UCTION, Cm the m rms%17 A, Albert-terrac, Knightsbridge, on Thursday Decemer 3 at 1 for1, FUNITUE, cmPrisIng four-poet aNef Frenh bdstads fethe bes ad bddig, oreehatr and wool mrattreeses. checte of dawers, waihetands, ahoaylowokobo andoter abes,soas,coche, ounes chir. cimey--' Brs. Household Furntdure, 390 Crimean Blankets and 15 Tents, Iron Repoeltory. Stock ef Irou.nonmey, 10 half-g-allon Coppe Mleisures, 5 it. Kitchen Ranee, quantity of Stoves o,- Mp PEAKE will SELL by AUCTION, at libs L .ROOMS. 44, Twooletareet, Southwrk, oni Thursday, December S. at 12, mahogany Arabian, solid maple, four-poet and other bedsteads, feathier beds and bedding, sst of Spanish mahgan extending dining tables, chests of drawers washetands, to., 1500d doom faes, 10 dozena bolts,twine, byres work. doctors'bottles d dozen rnuge tae, saddie, andi ridie, and avaruietyof useful p=o F Mlay be, viewed. the day prvius and rmorning of sale, and catalgusobtained at Mr. Peake' ofrsandL rooms, 44. Tooley-streot, southwar,k Lobdeuball-stroet.-Remaluing Stock of SttayFutisV,, o hA B. SITGRAVE wil SEL'L'by AUC'tION, on kVO-moCTow. Dec. 1 at 12 o'clock, at his Roms, ii Le*denball.- street. the remaining Si~O0 of a ms.nufctwwo and mod-Iler ot ARTIFICIAL STONE. comprising several classicl statues, both an. clent and modern, Including the Canov Dancing Girls Dlana, Fidelity, Woodman, Piping Faun, and others:- finely-modelled figures of New.- foundland dogs afto te Ludscer), lio~ns segIe "o, several palo or noble Warwick and other vaes tar.as, and baskets; six richiy. designed fountaius, and a variety of statuary, suiltable to the perk. lawn, garden, or conservtory all manufactred in the best marner, orf Imperishable stone. Mlayb viewe one day prior to the Wae, &rA. catalogues had at the rooms. Eeatand mnodern Household Fhuriture, Piccolo Planofost-, anl kllect, emoedfrom Twitckenham anid St. Peter'&*quam E,am lA-E. THOMAS will SELL by AUCTION, at his Gallery, A3 LlooreteosureL on Wedneazay, De.Z at Mi 5JNITITR. comprising drawin room suites in osewoed Aan walnut-tree, of curtaln With cornices, chairs, ooRches, and eachais 100, card,and work tables,large chimney andipier glaeees veletpile and ether carpets, engravings In mpeadgl rmsw~ cheffoniers, mnahoaycarbnlahradhi-lt,pdsa d- boards, diningtblsdinr'agusertyanboks,lban tables, Iron andotePrahbdiaemaonyf rpot Arabian ditto, mtrse,bd n cdn,lpue hsie u. niture, marble-to obeadsnl abtns oltadcu'glasse chet ofdaes igdadpatwrrbs adoo china, hlnnr,desr,adtasris,pae waean ktcn - quisites On2 vie Tesa an monn ofsl;ndetog. bad at the ros
