On the th OcVt. I a9 Alat Md# W- o oefrdag (A al" Aztbur ! fq- Madras SwMrb Ofd ttls L* -0,G ; e El- SthaVsoo. Reog=&L -Z. vQ. Br. Begay. Ocphan dodly Al .1'41lawutri on the 1th October. flom farm, and det4ery engcndtrddbfSwbyt dg.age I.a~e 2 Ualm'ro la, kent,.~olonti, commaeGlnsX U. 1k.'a nniskilhig kest., ougest Wou of Samuel, lSWateLd Hisbop ofrk Oiuen and Noe. On te 1m Aug. drownedIn the Wrelot the Onaob ot l outh Reads. Sydne. Clat john eeso., 3.14. passener. I On the I O NO., at- Fradsh. Wlae,nsbough NorthamptIn. rhired 82. atf Upaider, la the couty of Beres age 4d82. e ;X On tho 21sNOt b.. . X ill tin izowo of IO.4, Now lilman-Steet sage 76. On the 228 Nor.. #a 33, ejn,jrJoseh 7Aq", ina hIs Pd Iga la .s, en° On te34thNo., a* Ro, HeUn, Honor dJher osoJ. sO.. of Sd On *0 Ist Nov., at Jrenoe. KaW Matdalene, wife of eerat 7xancia L-a4d, MW . ALI). Ou Thadaf, *a 2th Nov., o, No. rnfed. WA ve ast. Upper *lpoC. MaY Amu. daugtr of the lat =e d e Shetton, WU%, aged 88. 0h uSausag' thel 18t WVo,. At Glooeser.sgkoet, Onden.to , JonJhno,3q~ of the Ti tIeoWe. Lodon. In hIs 14th year. On .th No. at 8aborough, Lucy Elixabeth, the beloved only daughter of vat NStI. On the h Nov.. at his edence No.32. sheperton, Oop.ttme Ne Northocba. Mr. Rarbd Greenwood.. formnerly of the Bull ad Mjo%th BDLnt. St. MmltnA.loGrnd in the 29th year Of hig ame On theMth Nor., #a his resdece; No. 20,_ Oarto-eent, Songh. amiston, Jmes HenryJ:sQ...aged 57. tOn helOth Now.. suddenly, at BDaruto Railway tation, tfrom the roptncnnal~ocdygeaesotae Mer. Win. Young 11.D.,tcecto of AllUter E daugher of J. 0. Erkeu. On inI. a . Bedwoeth, Dor Parke,, the wife of the Rv. 31. Onthlztast.gtoyerlnteg8hyerofher age. Dinahi, widow of he at K,Ele.,of ~1re. FOtlad-iatt.regrettd by all whe* On Tuesday tile st lust., at Thoqpegren ne York, eudenly. hI4Ars Nsoma daogh)e, of I"WW0'Oraw J REq. Ona the St~ lIDA, at 7, Eustcn.roveEaston4qare. the beloved Wmf of3. HeAIy. Req., J.P. lie end was stare On Whebe 3 b d Insn,attGov-at'errace vKentihou,ime Cathee"e Derowll fornislu f* Geawle,ind %ghteratt y hear. D ona On the 3d bt., at 7AMP004nnaug 7*Merac . Eeao aged 71 te e On the 38 int., at 1,l Little Neworfok t-ser et,willia Wrees6 On Wedoeea-y the 3d Inet., atWesdponka VlAnag, the bteIved wge, On the 28 hIwi.. 31n.eWathore m lu oflia Jr-oedDall, LAq. of Gove thenlinA.atLw, i,uoLbd aToet, e. ae On the 3d WAst. at Burlinhana, ourttk~arrs r fewdgi hons ilnb 2ed 8,Mrw rlc of the late N.H.jomm Gurne, Rmerl tq. Du h On Wdneday th 3dInst. atD Biot'WatfoAnn, E[the Jhnlordwife On the3d Int.. M C. Wiedon iReL ofde oephy Weg ltod i, latgeo Grove. KetluIsptaw, aged688
OPENING OP THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, E01JE OF LORDS, THUBISDAY, DEC. 3. he lmperial Parliamaent was opened to-day by Her IIestyin person. Several oiruen stances contributed to ln'fet this ceremonial with unusual interest and significanco It is nO onnomon occurrence for two sessions of the Legialature to be begun and ended, and a third inaugurated, within the brief space of 10 months; and, indeed, an autumn Hion is always an exceptional event, wbhich takes place only when " weighty and urgent affairs " necessitate a deviation fronn the ordinary praotice. The IA* occadon apon which our legislators were convoked thus early to aid the Sovereign by their counsel In December, 1854, when the exigencies of the late war lea3d for the pssing of the memorable Foreign Enistment BMIL The State necessity which nowmakes it needful to anicdpate the usual period for reassembling Parliament is one of a wholly different charaoter. When, at the close of August last the sittings of both Chambers weresnpendedin the midst of a crisig with which the swords of our " bravess" seemed better fitted to cope than the elo qsuce of our senators, it was foreseen that the course of events might possibly call for the holding of an anteChristmas session. But the precise form in which the emergency bas now arisen probably then eluded the prescience of the most gifted political seer. The rapid progress made in the suppression of the Indian mutiny was dispel. ling the anxiety felt In some quarters for the speedy convocation of the Legislature, when a sudden and umlooked for commercial panic, followed by the suspension of the Bank Charter Act, rendered an immediate appe"l to the "colleotive wisdom of the nation"' imperatively necesmry. The ceremony was performed amid much pomp and splendour. The day being beautifully fine for the seaon, a vast concourse collected In Parliament-street and around the principal entrances of the lew Palace, eager to 1 catch a gUmpse of the Royal pageant. The populace linod the way in dense mamses from an early hour, the course being kept clear for the cortegc by a detachment of the Life Guards. The oonstant ram of splendid equipages conveying peers and peeresses to thq soene of action diverted the attention of the multitude until the chief actors in the august ceremonial made their appearance, whern Her Majesty and the Prince Consorb wero received with iively demonstrations of loyalty. The interior of the House of Lords presented a spectacle of surpassng brlUliancy. The Royal gallery-and its corridors were thronged with the less privileged spectators of both sexes, whom the Upper Chamber would not suffice to accommodate. Through this fine apartment the procession had to pass, and a seat on the ascending series of benches on either side was therefore ardently coveted. Here order was preserved by an awe-inspiring body of tall Life Guards, with magnificent moustaches and fBashing sabres. The House itself was resplendent with sparkling diamonds and the gayest colours. The upper benches, usually occpied by peers, were assigned on this occasion to ladies of rank and aristocratic connexion, the lower tiers of seats being reserved for such members of the Upper House as chose to attend. The thin line of senators, who mustered some 50 or 60 in number, all attired in their scarlet and erme zobes, formed an appropriate border to the briliant parterre composed of the fairer portion of the assemblage. The corps diplomatique, who attended in great force, and ineluded the Siamese Embassy, with their tawny complexions and picturesque costume, heightened the effect of the imposi3g seene by the gorgeous array of their starsI collars, and ribands of various orders. These distinguished visitors, who comprised among their number the Ambassadors of France and Turkey, and the Ministers of the United States, Sardinia, Prussia, Austria, Greece, Belgium, Brazil, &e., were accommodated with seats immediately above the front episcopal bench. Upon the woolsack sat the Lord Chancellor, in close proximity to whom were the other luminaries of the law, including Chief Baron Pollock, Lord Chief Justice Cookburn, Mr. Justice Coleridge, Mr. Justice Cresswell, Baron Bram-well, Baron Watson, and M1r. Justice Crowder. Among the leading peers present were also noticed the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Newcastle, the Earl of Carlisle, Lord Campbell, the Earl of Hardwlcike, and Lord Stwaley of Alderley. The hierarchy of the church was represented by the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishops of London, Oxford. St. David's, Ripon, and Meath. At a later stage Prince Frederick WDliam of Prussia arrived, and engaged in conversation for some time with the Duke of Cambridge. His Royal Highnees appeared in the uniform of a Prussian nilitary officer, and wore a broad orange sash and several stars. The Prinoefs Royal, accompanied by the Princess Mary of Cambridge, followed shortly afterwards,and their Royal Hlghnesses,who were attired in Court mourning, took their seats in front of tne Throne. It was now a-quarter past 2 o'clock, and general expectancy was at its height, when the gorgeous procession of heralds, pursuivts, pages, officers of the Royal household, and great officers of State at length swept in, and the whole assemblage simultaneously rose to great the arrival of Her Majesty. The Queen was att4nded by the Prince Consort, to whomi she gave her hand, and was led by the Prince to the throne. Prince Albert then took his seat on the left of Her Majesty, and on the same side stood Earl Granville, bearing the sword of state. On the right of the Sovereign were the Marquis of Winchester, with the cap of maintenance, and the Marquis of Lansdowne, bearing the crown upon a velvet cushion, The other Ministers and officers of State were also arrayed in close proximity to the Throne. The Queen wore a necklace and tiara of diamonds, ? crimson robe of state embroidered with gold, and a skirt of white and gold. Her Majesty having graciously signified her pleasure that the assemblage should again be seated, the Usher of the Black Rod received the Queen's commands to summon to the Royal presence the members of the House of Commons. In a few minutes afterwards the Speaker, lu his official robes, accompanied by Lord Palmerston and a considerable portion of the Lower Chamber, made bis appearance. Some little confusion occurred through the rush made bythe representatives of the people to obtain places at their lordships' bar, the dimensons of which are far too limited to admit of a large gathering of Commoners on State occasions; but, order having been restored, Her Majesty proceeded, amid solemn silence, to deliver the foUowing gracious SPEECH FROM THE THRONE. " My Lords and Gentlemen, " Circumstances have recently arisen, connected with the mezrantile interests of the country, which have induced me to caU Parliament together before the usual time. " The failure of certain joint-stock banks and of some commercial firms produced such an extent of dlstrust as led me to authorize my Ministers to recommend to the Directors of the Bank of England the adoption of a course of proceeding which appeared necessary for allaying the prevalent alarm. As that course has involved a departure from the existing law, a Bill for indemnifying those who advised and those who adopted it 'wil be submitted for your considera tion. "If have observed 'with great regret that the disturbed state of commercial transactions in general has occasioned 3 dimiuution of employment in the manufacturing districts, which I fear cannot fail to be attended with much local distress; I trust, however, that this evil may not be of long duration; and the abundant harvest with which it has graciously pleased Divine Providence to bless this land will, I hope, in some degree mitigate the sufferings which this state of things must unavoidably produce. " While I deeply deplore the severe suffering to 'hich many of my subjects in India have been exposed, and while I grieve for the extensive bereavements and sorrow which it has caused, I have derived the greatest satisfaction from the distinguished successes which have attended the heroic exertions of the comparatively small forces which have been opposed to greatly superior numbers, without the aid of the powerful reinforcements despatohed from this country to their assistance. The arrival of those reinforcements will, I trust, speedily complete the suppression of this widely spread revolt. "The gallantry of the troops employed against the mutineers, their courage in action, their endurance under privation, fatigue, and the effects of climate; the high spirit and self- devotion of the officers ; the ability, skill, and persevering energy of the commanders, have excited my vwrn~est admiration; and I have observed with equal gratific^tion that many cvilians placed in extreme difficulty and dangor have displayed the highest qualities, including, in some instances, those that would do honour to veteran soldiers, " It is satisfactory to know that the general mass of the population of India have taken no part in the rebellion, while the most considerable of the native Princes have acted in the most friendly manner, and have rendered important tervices. " I have given directions that papers relating to these matters shll be laid before you. " The affairs of my East Indiau dominions will require your serious conideration, and I recommend them to your earnest attention. "The nations of Europe are In the enjoyment of the blessings of Peace, which nothing seems likely to disturb. "The stipulations of the treaty which I concluded with Dhe Mb ol IeralA havg bton faithfully car$led into execu- 4Ion, aud the Persian forces have evacuated the territory o: Herat. go G-entmen of the House of Commons, "I have given dictions thae the estimates for the next year shall be prepaed for the purpose of being laid before you. They Will be framed with a oareful regard to the exigencies of the public servlco. "My Lords and Gentlemen, "Your attention wll be called to the laws which regulate the representation of the people in Parliament, with a view to consider what amendments maybe safely and benefioially made therein. " Meassures will be submitted for your consideration for simplifying and amending the laws relating to real property, and also for consolidating and amending several important branches of the oriminal law. " I confidently commit to your wisdom the great interests of my empire, cnd I fervently pray that the blessing of Almighty God may attend your counsels, and may guide your deliberations to those ends which are dearest to my heart-the happiness and prosperity of my loyal and faithful people." The Speech, which was delivered in that clear and distinot tone of voice for which the Royal elocution is distlnguished, having been concluded, Her Majesty rose, and, giving her hand to the Prince Consort, immediately left the House. The entire ceremony, after the arrival of the Sovereign, did not last more than a quarter of an hour. The brilliant assemblage then dispersed, and the sitting of the House was suspended till 5 o'clock. Their lordships reassembled at 5 o'clock, but the number eo peers who were present at that hour was unusually limited. After the lapse of some minutes Earl Granvilie, the Duke of Argyll, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Carlsle, Earl Grey, and the Duke of Newcastle-who, In consequence of his recent accident, carried his arm in a sling -entered and took their seats upon the Ministerial side of the House, while the opposite benches were oconpied by the Earl of Derby, the Earl of Malmesbury, Lord Redesdale, the Earl of Winchelsea, the EArl of Hardwicke, and other peers. Baron MACAULAY, introduced by Lord Campbell and Lord Belper, appeared and took the oaths. THE ADDRESS. The LORD CEHACELLOR at a quarter past 5 o'clock proceeded to read to their lordships the Queen's Speech, and that ceremony having been repeated by the Clerk at the Table, Lord PORTMAN rose to move the address in reply to the Royal speech. The noble lord commenced by apologizing for occupying upon the occasion a position which was usually filled by younger members of their lordships' House, who had thus an opportunity afforded them of manifesting to their lordships those talents and that ability from the display of which a fair estimate of their future success In public life might be formed. He could, however, assure their lordships that he occupled his present position, not in the capacity of a volunteer, but in obedienoe to the request of Her Majesty's Ministers, who had deemed It fitting that, under existing circumstances, the duty of caling attention to the important subjects to which Her Majesty adverted in the speech to which they had just listened should be intrusted to one of the older members of their lordships' House. In the performance of that duty he trusted he should receive at their lordships' hands that indulgence which during a period of 35 years he had uniformly experienced, and he on his part would promise in return to act in accordance with the rule by which his Parliamentary career had hitherto been guided, and not to trespass upon their lordships' time one moment longer than he could possibly avoid. He must also express a hope that if a single syUable shoald inadvertently fall from him in the course of the observations which he was about to snake which should be deemed calculated to cause irritation it should be attributed rather to ignorance than to a desire upon his part to say anything which could militate against the existence of that good feeling and that unanimitY which it had been the anxious wish of those by 'whom the Royal speech had been prepared to secure. Having said thus much upon his own behalf, he should proceed briefly to call the attention of their lordships to the various subject, which were alluded to in that speech. The first of those subjects was one intimately connected with our internal commerce, and was that whioh had led to the meeting of the Legislature at so unusual a period of the year-a step which it was the duty of Her Majesty's Ministers to take, for no one could doubt that if they were justilied in violating the provisions of an Act of Parliament, It was equaUy incumbent upon them to afford as soon as possible toParliament an opportunity of signifying either its condemnation or its approval of suno an infraction of the law. For his own part, he believed it to have been absolutely necessary that Government should have authorized the issue of that letter which, at a moment of commercial panic, had the effeot of enabling men of business, as it were to breathe anew, and of arresting by the issue of paper that alam which had been so rapidly gaining ground. Their lordships were all, probably, much better than himself aware that the position of the money-market in the United States had led to the prevalence of the utmost anxiety throughout that vast country, and that in the Southern States the respective Governors had issued orders not only sanctioningthe suspension of payments in specie, butstopping the colUection of taxes, that specie might not be withdrawn from those persons who possessed it, and the extent of the panic, as a consequence, increased. They had proceeded in that course upon the grouud that the safety of the Southern States depended upon the suspension of payments in specie, and in order to prevent the removal of specie into the Northern States. Whether the panic 'which prevaUed in America had been brought about by an excessive expenditure, or a high rate of interest, or an extravagant mode of living, he should not pretend to say, but to each of these causes he might be allowed to observeitsexistence had been attributed Be that as it miRht, however, so great a disturbance in the commercial affairs of the United States could not fallto exert an influence upon the business transactions of this Country and of Europe. The result had been that the Directors of the Bank of England had come to the resolutionas he thought, wisely-to raise the rate of discount, and by that means to place a check upon the exportation of gold from the kingdom. That measure had not, however, been found sufficient to allay the feeling of anxiety which had pervaded the whole commercial community. It was not like a chronic disease which could receive the careful and deliberate attention of the physician, but it 'was a case which required the active hand of a skilful surgeon; yet it was necessary to deal with it on the moment in no speculative spirit, but with a care and a judgment guided by experience. Now, Her Majesty s Government had the benefit of experience in this matter. In 1847 the same step was taken by thei Ministry of that day. Both Houses of Parliament then appointed committees to inquire into the subject. The committee of their lordships' House entered into a most minute and elaborate inquiry, and examined all the men most competent to give advice, but though they made various recommendations they proposed no enactment. The committee of the other House also not only resolved not to suggest the passing of an Act of Parliament, but distinctly recommended that when any emergency arose the responsible Ministers of the Crown should apply such a remedy as appeared to them most likely to prove efficacious, and then appeal to Parliament for their opinion. In the present instance Her Majesty's Government had adopted the course recornmended by the committee of the House of Commons, and the effect of the course they had taken had been as nearly as possible the same as was described by his noble friend (Lord Overstone) when examined as a witness on this matter. His noole friend on that occasion said the M-inisterial letter of 1847 did not create money, but it gave confidence; hoarding ceased; and the effect was as thoogh a large influx of money had poured into the country. Under such circumstances, he (Lord Portman) thought it was not unfair for the Government t e anticipate that Parliament would be disposed to indemnify them tor the course they had taken. This being done, how . ever, their lordships would probably fee, as the committee of the other House felt last year, namely, that they had not sufficiently investigated the subject to justify them in coming to a conclusion; and the committee therefore desired to be reconstituted during the present session for the purpose of furtherinquiry. If Parliamentwas to be caUed upon again to examine this subject (a point, however, upon which he knew nothing) they must look at It 'with great care and caution; and, above all things, he hoped they would unanimously determine not to run the risk of bringing about sach a state of things as he was old enough to remember-not again to have an inconvertble paper currency (bear, hear), and thus, after years of prosperity, cause the country to undergo wears of great suffering. It might be thought that the limit upon the issue affixed by the Act of 1844 was too narrow a one. He was not prepared to say delberately that it was; but it seemed impossible not to allow that the difference in the range of prices and in the number of transactions between 1844 and 1857 might have rendered the restriotions enforced by Sir R. Peel's Act too narrow for carrying on properly the largely increased business of the country. That was a subject well worthy of consideration, and if it were found that the panic had been occasioned by the narrow limit in question, it might be wise to consider whether the issue might not with advantage be further extended. He was not bold enough to venture on a discusion of the causes of such a state of things; but it was impossible to deny that among some of the great commercial ostablishments which had re- sently closed their doors there was a semblance either of fraud or of extreme mismanagement which called for serious consideration. As let he believednone of these cases had come before courts of jostice. and therefore it would be wrong to assume that that which on the face of it looked like fraud really was so. There might havo been merely errors of judgment, such as in all Iarga coDcerns of this kind were perhaps inevitable* but if it turned oue that the management of these estahlsbments was characterized by something worse he hoped Parliament would carefully consider whether some means could not be adopted to check such a state of things. Of onething there seemed no doubt -that the money of the ;lepositors and of the shareholders had It TDany cases been lent tepon insufflioent security. In, however, on viewing the causes ofthe crids generally, it was found that as n nation we had been indulging too much, that we had been too luxurious, and that a day ot reckoning was approaching, he hoped they would look it boldly in the facs sad deal with it as honest men. As a natural consequencs of the crisis there must needs exist considerable distress among the operatives. He believed they rmght safely eonelude that such distress was at present but local; that there were parts of the country in which no pressing distress existed, and other parts in which there was considerable prosperity. But distress was not a matter which sdmitted of averages; it was an individual question, pressing upon the man who suffered, and to such a man it afforded no consolation to Inow that other operatives in other places were not suffering like himself. The distressed workman, then, must receive every assistance which it was possible to give himu; and he (Lord Portman) was sure that no one engaged in manufactures would continue the " short time" sstem one moment longer than was absolutely necessary, abnd thus aggravate the sufferings of thosee who in prosperons days helped so largely to increase the manufacturer's wealth. In all the distress now prevalent or hereate3r to be apprehended, there was at least this great consolation-that we were not likely to witness anch scenes of disorder as had characterized the younger days of some whom he was addressing. The working classes of the present day were not likely to be led away by the violent men who acted as their leaders in former times; they must know that no man could carry on business unless he made a profit, and thai the factory doors were only closed because ibe hands oul ' not be profitably employed. He trusted the body of the people were satisfied that it was not a question of price, but a question of profit which determined these matters. Men might do exceedingly well with low prices, provided the profit were reasonable and sabstantial. The agriculturists, for example-who had been blessed with an abundant harvest, andwrhose condition he was happy to say was one of prosperitv-did not wish for high prices; al they desired was a'steady, moderate profit, which would enable them to carry on their business with advantage to themselves and to the consumers. There existed, too, another groat cause of satisfactionL at the present moment. We had not now upon our statute-book any enactment which could be interpreted as enbancing the priCes of any commodity for the benefit of acetaidn class (Hear.)' In the midst of all his distress the operativo could not now say that, in consequence of any law now in foroe, he paid a farthing more for his food than the price as fairly regulated by supply and demand. (Hear. Intoucbin on domestic concerns he congratulated their ordships and tne landed interest of the country on the probability that a measure for simplifying the transfer of real property wa likely nov to be introdnoed. More than 20 years ago many of those present took an active patt in endeavouring to procure such a simplification; but all they were able to accomplish was that which was known as lord Tenterden s Act, which, simple as it appeared to be, had, he believed, proved of very little use. Another subject of domestic interest which was referred to in Eer Majestfs Speech was the consolidation of the criminal law. Durirg the last session of Parliament their lordsbips had agreed to measures with this object, and had sent them down to the other House, wnere time could not be found for considering and passing them into law. He trusted, however, that during the present session a consolldation of the criminal law would be effected, for those whose duty it was to carry out the law in the various districts of the country would appreciate as a great boon the consolidation of the multitude of statutes relating to criminal offences. The Rloyal Speech also contained an allusion to the laws which regulate the representation of the people in Parhament. That paragraph was worded in such a manner that he could not doubt but that their lordships would agree unanimously to the form of the Address to Her Majesty, admitting that it was most desirable that the subject should receivecarefulattention. Hebad formerlybeen engagedin exciting discussionswith some of his noble friends opposite on the subject of popular representation; but he trustedthat such excitement had now ceased, and that it would only be necessary to endeavour to remedy the blots and errors which had been committed wben Parliament previously legislated upon this important question. His noble friends opposite were aware that at that time many suggestions whioh had not worked well were accepted, because it was not thought desirable by the supporters of the measure to insist upon its minor details, but in these calmer days he believed that Parliament would readily endeavour to correct any mistakes which might have been found from experience to have been committed. He was ready to allow, however, that topics of great importance might arise in the discussion of this subject, and all he asked theirlordshipstodo atpresentwas to admitthefact that there were errors in the statute which they were prepared to consider and amend. He might be allowed to say a word or two upon another point referred to in the Royal Speech, although it was scarcely a legitimate subject of discussion in their lordships' House. He alluded to the paragraph which informed the other House that the estimates for the next year would be framed with a careful regard to the exigenc'es of the public service. He was sure that no man would grudge whatever expenditure might be necessary for the public service, hut he thought no one could for the last few years have looked at one branch of the estimates, called the *iscellaneous Estimates," without feeling that they were augmenting at a fearful rate. (Rear, bear.) It was the duty of these who controlled that branch of expenditure not to require from the taxation of the country one farthing more than was absolutely necessary for miscellaneous purp oses, at a time when such beavv outlay was required for the maintenance of the army and navy; and he believed that a searching inquiry into the miscellaneons estimates would show that, without inconvenience, a more economical system might bo adopted. (Hear, hear.) It now only remained for him to brine under their lordabips' notice that overwhelming topic whic had engrossed the attention of nearly all clsses, not only in this country but he believed he might say throughout the civilized world. He referred to the state of India. The subject was one of such magnitude that, as he had not applied his mind to its study, he felt utterly incompetent to grapple with it. In dealing with this question it was necessary to apply great and general principles to a country of which few of their lordships had any personal knowledge, but there could be no doubt that it was absolutely necessary to adopt measures for regulating the administration of that extensive territory. They would have to consider manifold subjects,-how the military and civil establishments could be improved; in what manner the revenue might be collected with the least inconvenience to the taxpayers; how the commerce of that important portion of the empire could best be promoted; how the security of our dominion could be insured; how the happiness of the natives could be secured; and in what manner and to what extent the management of that portion of the Queen's dominions might affect the interests of the united kingdom. These were important topics with which it would be necessary to deal when they applied themselves to legislate for the British possessions in India; aud he was satisfied that, whatever might he the result of their lordships' deliberation, they would be prepared to make every sacrifice for the advantage of the empire and the welfare of the natives of our distant dominions. To show how injudiciousit was to argue absolutely upon a subject of this nature, he might read an extract from a speech delivered by Mr. Wilkes in 1783, which proved the danger of prophecies as to the best mode of dealing with such an empire as India by men who were themselves unacquainted with that country. Mr. Wilkes said,- "One only resource will remain in tha great revolution of human events, which the womb of time may brin; forth, a circumstance not to be regretted-perhaps to be wishedby the real friendsof humanity. It is an event possibly not very distant, that the English may be entirely swept away from the countries in the East. The peaceful natives will then be at rest, happy under the mild government of their own princes, Commerce willthen no longer be fettered by a monopoly, but spread its swelling sails as freely over the Gulf of Bengal and the Indian seas as on the coast of China and Japan, on the Atlantic, or the Mediterranean, Now, if such a result as Mr. Wilkes contemplated had occurred, where would havo been the rest of the peaceful natives ?-what would have been the mild government of their own princes? A very different state of things from that anticipated by Mr. Wilkes had arisen, and the peaceful natives, so far as could be judged, were most averse from the government of native princes and of a Sepoy army, and desired to enjoy the protection of the British government and European troops. There was another matter which they must not omit to bear in mind. It was impossible to govern India without a very expensive establishment, and it was impossible to frame any establishment for India, unless, in framing it, the necessity was kept in view of maintaining not only the connexioa, but the distinction also, between the territory and the commerce of that part of the empire. Looking at this matter, their lordships had therefore to deal with the army and the civil service. He would here trouble their lordships with another extract, which he took from the magnificent despatches of the late Duke of Wellington, and with which he had been struck while reading those despatches last autumn. [The noble lord here read an extract from one of the Duke of Wellington's dispatches, in which the noble Duke in 1804 pointed out the necessity for the future of doubling or trebling the system of reliefs.] With regard to the civil servic, he trusted that when that important subject came under discussion it would not be hastily disposed of. Many specious theories had been started by persons who wrote in newspapers, and if those persons were su^Abmitted to a cross-examination before Par- linaentary committees, and their statements siftec', they might be able to give useful information; bat he trusted that neither their lordships nor those who read those articles would hastily make up their minds on the subject. Many things required to be temperately examined before any change was made, if any change at all should be made-for he was not assuming that there was to be a change; but what he wished to do was to impress on their lordahips the necessity of uot making any change except after the most calm, deliberate, and full examination. There was one other subject connected with this matter which it was Impossible, under the circumstances, for any member of the Legislature to hesitate to speak upon. He alluded of course to the great subject of their Christian duty. lt was impossible not to feel that Christianity in India ought to be upheld, and he believed it was not right that a Hindoo or a MIussulman should be preferred by the Indian Government, when a Christian convert was to be found equally well fitted for an appointment, He did not mean to say that an inferior Christian, unequal to his work, should be preferred to a meritorious Hindoo or Mussulman; but certainly be thought that, cxtci- parius, or if the distinction were but small, the Christian should bo preferred, and when the degrading punishment in the army of flogging had been done away with for the Mahomedan it ought notto be left for the Christian, as such a circuinsisnc tended to cause the Christiaa to be deemed inferior. (Rear, hear). He did not desire to preeipitate the conversion of the Hindoos, but he tbought that their lordships were bound to do aU they could to advance Christianity in India. (rear, hear.) He trusted that there -would be no antagonism or wretched squabbling on this subject. The Christian religion was that whioh was good, and the difference of formas or ceremonies could not be considered essential. Every effort made to convert the Hindoos must be marked by great judgment and great care. Having called their lordships' attention to the possible questions which might arise out of the few words ia the latter part of Her Majesty's Speech having reference to India, hi could not sit down without directing notioe to other parts f hte Speech, in 'which Her Uaiesty expreees her great gratitade fo the services performed by her troops, and for the skill of those civil servants 'who asisted icarrying on the government of India under great disadvantages at the preeent time, He coould rot find expreaienrs sufficient to convey his admiration of the orious and distinguished deeds of our soldiers In India. when they saw the multitude of giod men, many of them risen almost from the ranks, 'who had shown what they could do in a season of danger and emergency, they must feel proud that the country possessed individuals capable of performing such services. (Hear. hear). He did not mean to mention any names, for it would be injustice to prefer one to another; but he might be permitted to observe that among the most distinguished men now carrying on the operations of the war Havelock and Greathed were remarkable. Both of them were men of Chri-tian principle, and felt that the victory was mot with them, but with the Lord of Hoats. (Rear, hear.) He could not also avoid adverting to the sufferings which mople in thls country having relatives in India endured. e was acquainted with the case of a widowed mother, who I geved over the loss of one son in the last war. She then sCI three other sons, one of whom was shot at the Cashmere-gate at Delhi but atDI lived; another fell a victiu to anniety in the discharge of his duty, and died of cholera; the other was now leading a column, and was distingauihed among our generals. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the horrors whb ad been perpetrated in India he should not say one Word to harrowr tbeir lordshipa' feelingr Audsl omnes immano nefas, ausoque potiti Nd, nmili ai nu gse centum sint, oraque centum, , Ferreia vox, omaesacelerum comprendere formas, Omni' pcenarmum percurrere nomina posaim." It was mater of sincere congratulation that, as Etated by Her' MZajety, the people. of India generally had taken no part in therebellion. He wLhed h could believethattheir ahEention 'was to be attributed rather to their love for our rule than totheir feas for our Donwer; but he was afraid that many years must yet elapse tbefore we could look for any affection on their part towards ^P. The conduct of the nativo prinors had been described by Her 3Majesty in far better terms than any he could use. He oould not i.' down without Sayin; one, word In deprpciEtlon of the condemnatofio which bad been attemupted to be ped on the G vepnoCG3.neralot Indi. (Hear, hear,) He could ereredve it th&t it was fair to condemnamanin hi abienoeu,when nbo ne here could know the difficultiesin which he had been placed, the aieties to which he had been subjcted, or could honestly say wbat his own conduct would be in similar circumstanoes. He believed Lord Canning had done his best, had mAde the best use of the small fordes ct his command, had on the whole exercised a sound discretin. He believed that those around Lord Canning bad found him calm and considerate, earnestly endevourig to use the abilities which God had given him for tho advantage of his country. When Lord Canning was sent to India no one could have anticipated the present state of things, Lord C nning doubtless, imagined that his chief duty 'would be to carry out and complete thoe great meaures of improvement originated by his predecessor for the benefit of Indla; but, notwithstanding, he believed It would be found, when 'we came to the end of this rebellion, that the Governor-General, instead of our censures, deserved our warmest thanks (Hear, hear.) At the same time, he was bound to say that to bestow indiscriminate rases upon Lord C_aning at the present juncture, and in ML.absence, would be as unwise an unhair as to pass upon him a wholesale condemnation, (Hear, hear.) *any persons had stated that they knew the causes of all these difficulties in India, but, for his own partk he was inclined to think that those causes could not be discovered so easily as some people seemed to imaine. He recollected a very sudden And painful outbreak in the western - of this coutry. ARlkinds of reasons were assigned for that disturbance, but he remembered stating to a late member of the House of Commons tbat he believed the outrage was attributable to a feeling on the part of the people that, to use their own expression, " Their time was come." Might not the miitlry revolt in India have arisen in like manner, from an op ion among the Sepoys that we were much occupied elsewhere, that our army was small, that, in short, " their time 'was come 5' (Hear, hear.) But 'what he wished to imDress upon their lordalups was the strildng observation of the distinguished member of the House of Commons to whom he had referred. " Peopl," he said, " are too apt to do that which a wise man once did, when he saw another sharpening his axe upon a grindstone. He desired to know how the axe was sharpened, andfor th,A purpose wished to break the grindstone, that he might see what was inside. Upon that the man 'who was sharpening the axe said, 'the causes are on the surface; pray don't break the grindstone."' (A laugh.) The fact 'was, 'we were in the habit of looking too deeply for causes, and in most instances would succeed much better if we examined more the surface of things. (Hear.) There was only one other topic in Her Majesty's Speech to which he need refer, and happily it was one of consolation-viz that we were at peace with all the European Powers, and that there was notb in Lkely to disturb the tranqullity which prevailed. Ater all we had gone through of late years and all we were even now undergoing, It w as highly satisfactory to know that we were on the most amicable and friendly terms with our allies. He trusted that peace might long endure and that especially nothing would occur to interrupt the good lfeling which existed between the Emperor of the French and this country. He hoped also that the allianoe which vas so soon to be formed with the Royal Family of Prussia might tend still further to cement and c onsolidate the peace of Europe. (Hear, hear.) The noble lord concluded by moving the Address, which, as usual, was a mere paraphrase of the Speech from the Throne. Lord CAREW, in rising to second the Address, claimed that indulgence which was always extended to a peer who addressed their lordships for the first time, and then pro- ceeded to say that seldom in the history of this country had there occurred a more important crisis than the present. In the Speech from the Throne there were, among other interesting matters, four subjects which seemed to de. mand the particulua attention of their lordships. These were-first, tho condition of the country in a commercial and m nontary point of view; secondly, the state of our Indian empire; thirdly, our foreign relations; and, fourtly, the proposed mes res of domestic legislation. It was for the consideration of the first that Her Majesty had called Parliament together at the present time. The derangement of the money-market was deeply to be deplored, but the same thing had occurred over and over again, and their lordships had every reason to hope that, as on previous occasions, the pressure would prove but temporary. He was glad to say that the commercial disasters which had unfortunately taken place here had not been felt to any considerable extent in Ireland-a fact which he believed was mainly to be attributedtto the industriousandl thrifty habits of the Irish mercantile community and to the entire absence of that system of oversspeculatior vwhich had been found to prevail on this side the ChanneL (Hear.) It was matter of d eep regret that the operatives in the manufacturing dist ricts shoud be eve n partially unemployed; but he hoped that such a state of things would not long continue. It was not his intention to enter minutely into the subject of the Indian mutiny, the details of which had been so graphically described by the press a rnd in letters which had been received by many of their lordships from relatives and friends in India. The harrowing particulars of the occurrences at Cawnpore and Agra and the brilliant victories which had since signalized our arms were alike famUiiar to their lordships and to the country; and it was to be hoped that for somie years at least we should maintain in India such a force as would render the recurrence of such events almost, if notaltogether, impossible, Her Majesty's Government deserved great credit for the rapidity'with which troops had been despatched to India and for the large num oers in which they had been sent thither. It was matter for congratulation that the treaty with Persia had been fully carried out, and that we might now hope to find in that country, instead of a foe, annally, whow'would purchase our manufactures, and probably afford us other valuabie assistance. After the scenes which we had witnessed during many years we had cause to rejoice " that the nations of Europeaare in the enjoyment of the blessings of peace, which nothing seems likely to disturb ;" and it was to be hoped that this state of things would long continue. Their lordships, as the heads of their respective families, knew that nothing so much promoted the Interests of all members of their houses as concord; and this position was equally applicable to the several nations of the European family. Rer Miajestybad called their attention tothelaws which regulated the representation of the people in Parliament, with a view to the consideration of changes which might be deemed necessary therein. As the world was constituted nothing could always remain the same. Times changed, and it was frequently necessary to alter laws so as to make them meet the exigencies of the country. The Government deserved great credit for the courae which they had adopted with res spect to this subject. They might have urgad that the state of India and the necessary legislation upon commer cial and monetary matters would fully absorb the attention and occupy the time of Parliament; hut no such plea had been put forward. This showed that there was energy and activity in high places, and proved that we cn w. rnfi snow a odfot ooreey-nteds col ot1 ononly show, a boiddfront to our er,emy in the distant fields Of India, but could at the same time ener - getically and honestly deal with the domesta c economy of Our national affairs. What changes in our representative system wOuld be Proposed it was impossible for him to say. They would at the proper time be presented to their lordships by thoso who were r esponsible for them, In conclusion, he would say with confidence that Her Majesty might be assured that no a ssembly of her subjects had more at eat h eart th yofpthis countryanditsvastpossessions, and t he individual happiness of the Royal Familyand of the PeoPle, than had their lordships, House, (Bear, hear.) The Earl of DERBY. -I have now had an experience of Parliamentary life of upwards of 36 years, and in that time I have witoesged many periods of great political excitement, many of great national anxiety, and some of even great national alarm; b at It never occurred to me at any period to enter upon a session of Parliament under circumstances of such varied anxiety and of such aimost unvaried gloom as those 'which surrounded the meeting of the Parliament which has been thus suddenly and prematurely called together. My lorcs, upon moat previous occasions the attention of Parlia ment has b een absorbed by some one great and overwhelming subject, which has attracted to itself al the solicitude of the country. In 1825 it was commercial, and in 1847 agricultural distress; in 1829 the Reman a Catholi c Relief Bill; lb 1845 the stato of affirfs upon the Continent, and that revolutionay sPipit which during that year upset many of the thrones of Europe, but which in this country, thianks to our constit- twon, to its safer and more modified forms, and to the i nfu. sion of a considerable democ ratic element into the Le1i a tutre, served to bring out in signal and glorious relief the reliance of the people and the Crown upon their liberties I and prerogatives; in 1841 the change of Government -which took place when the late Sir Robert Peel succeeded to off ico;; ia 184 4 the geat cha%n ng in the omoeda 10&l lation of his country which wa effected by the repeal of the Dorn laws; in the previous year the overwhelming calamity of the Irish famine. In almost every one of the periods of excitement and anxiety which I can remsmber there has been some single cause which has monopolized and fixed upon itself the attention of Parliament and the ooun. try. But now, my lords, we have a oomplication of mis. fortunes, now we have a variety of anxieties, such as I never witnessed upon any previous occasion. 'We have deep and overwhelming commercial distress and disturbance at home. We have an Indian empire shaken to the very foundations abroad. (Cheers,) It Is under these circumstanoes that Parliament is called together, and I am thereforo not mr. prkied that the greater portion of Her Majesty's Speech should be devoted to these two overwhelming and calamitous sabjects. But before I follow pre. -dous speakers Into the discussion of these subjgcts, let ma smy one word upon that which my ,Nible friend who moved the Address has with great felicity of expreasion called the only happy putt of Her Majesy's Speech. (Hear, hear.) I refer to that very short and simple part of the Speech, to that singularly and abrupt paragraph in whlch we are informed that- t" The nations of Europe are In the enjoyment of the blesdngs of peace, which nothing seems likely to disturb " I must say that looking to the state of this oountry I think that this fact mighthave been expected to have called forth some faUller expression of siisfaction on the part of the Mlinist ad of the Orown Ohnisto be foundin the d mple announcement of this paragraph. My lords, although I have the greatest confidene in the resolution, In the resources, in the firmness, and In the spirit of this country, I do not hesitate to say that nothing could have tried thlt spirit and thoce resources so deeply and almost so fataly as the addition to the calamitiea of comniercial distrem at home, and a war of fearful magnitude in:India, which compels us to strain to the utmost our military resouroes, of the stil further calamity of a war in Europe, in whlch, almost of necessity, we should have taken pa.L Hafing that fealing,-and it is iio discredit to the country to admit that under such circumntances our energies would have been taxed to the utmost,-I thilnk that Her Majesty's Government might at all events, have expresd their satisfaction that they were relieved from such a calamity as an European war, and that the countries of Europe were enjoying the blessings of profound peace. (Cheers.) But, my lords, the paragraph as it is worded almost breathes a tone of disappointment and mortfication. (" Hear, boar," and a laugh.) It breathes the spirit of the noble viscount at the head of the Goveranment. (Hear, hear:) It is calamitous to him that there is no qurrel in Europe in which he might take part. (Renewed laughter.) The nations of Europe are at peseo, which nothing seems likely to disturb. My lords, I believe that if the noble viscount at the head of the Government cannot disturb the peace of Europe no one ele can. (A. laugh.) But if Her Majesty's Govern. ment are desirous of maintaining the great blessdng of peace-if they are anxious to keep upon good terms with those nations with whom we are now happily at amity, I think it wonld be wise to forbear on public occasions from taunting expressions with regard to the supposed military habits of other countries, and from adopting-when, as we are told, we are friendly with all-a tone of defiance against any Power which might take advantage of our present difficulties and make war against us. (Hear, hear.) That tone is, I say, unworthy of a Prime Minister. It was a bravado wholly uncalled for by the circumstances, and could have no effect uponanynationinthe worldexcept to give personal offence, unless indeed it were to excite a suspicion that such unnecessary bluster was perhaps resorted to in order to cover an inherent sense of weakness. But this is the only paragraph in which foreign affairs are In the slightest degree adverted to. Esther hard is it, my lords, on muy noble friend Lord Elgin-who is placed in a position at once the most ridiculous that could be imagined, if it be not also the most painful-that the affair in which he is engaged should find no mention in this document. This i5 the third Queen's Speech that we have had in the course of one year, and in that brief period, unless my memory fails me, there have been discussions on subjects which led to the dissolution of Parliament and the formation of the present Government-discussions in which it was said that the honour of the British flag was imperilled-that a single moment's hesitation, even so far as to write home for orders before signal and summary vengeance was inflicted, was a discredit and disgrace to this country. Well, how does the matter now stand ? There Is not a word about China in the Speeoh, not a syllable about Sir J. Bowring and his admisdon to Canton-not a hint about the signal chastisement to be visited upon the unhappy barbuaians who from that time to this have been laughing at the impotence of England. To reparation has been exacted for the outrage offered to the British flag, and all that we have done in this urgent contest that would not bear a moment's delay, but for which we had not made the slightest preparation, is to blockade the Canton river and put the most serious obstacle in the way of our own commerce. Our force was, indeed, diverted from the China expedition; but Her Majesty's Government did not know at the time of its diversion, which was due to the resolution and firmness of Lord Elgin, who took it upon himself to depart from his instructions, and thereby to incur a great amount of personal responsibility. Lord Elgin deserves great praise for the course he adopted in diverting the force from the special object for which it was designed . but Her Maiesty's Government, as they took no share of his responsibility, are entitled to no part of the credit for the assistance afforded to India by this proceeding. Indeed, when a question was put in the other House by an hon. friend of mine whether instructions had been sent to Lord Canning to stop the China expedition at Ceylon, and transfer it to Iadia, the President of the Board of Con. trol said he believed that no such instructions had been sent out; that a letter had certainly been written by Lord Canning to Lord Elgin to ask whether the latter had any objec. tion to divert the force destined for China, but Her Majesty's Government themselves had not the slightest notion of any such thing. (Hear, hear.) But when we are assured that we are at peace with all the nations of Europa, and that althose nations are at peace among themselves, I should like to hear, as we possibly may hear, from the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, that some grave questions in Europe are making satisfactory progress-that the stipulations of the Treaty of Paris, which have been long delayed, are on the point of being carried into execution; that the Powers of Enrope upon whom the fate of Wallachia and Moldavia depends are at this moment agreed in their policy, and that there is some hope of seeing a speedy and satisfactory settlement of this matter. That there has been no actual settlement of it as yet is quite clear, otherwise my noble friend would, I am sure, have beenheppy to introduce it into this Speech. Having briefly noticed what I think a light mode of treating that serious subject-the general peace of Europe, I proceed to the two most important questions which occxupy the principal portion of the Speech. The noble lord who seconded the Address, who seems to be one of those happy spirits that in early youth can draw consolation from what jails to cheer maturer and more experienced minds like that of the noble lord who preoeded him, says it is matter for congratulation that Indian affairs were not in so serious a state as to render it necessary on their account to call Parliament together. That is certainly a very slight and infinitesimal subject for congratulation. But we are sold that we are summoned at this early period simply to pass a BIll of Indemnity for Her Majesty's Government for the violation in 1&57 of the law of 1844, which it was found necessary ander similar circumstances to violate in 1847; and we are reminded, in confirmation of this assertion, that only a short time previous to the issue of the notice which ! rings us together the Legislature was prorogued to the 17th inst. If, therefore, I rightly construe the intentions of Her Majesty's Government, it is their wish that no business should be transacted by Parliament at this extraordinary session with the single exception of giving them a Bill of Indemnity. My lords, I do not mean to say that under the Crcumstances the Government were not jusified in taking the step they did, or that therefore thoy bave not a fair claim to the Act of Indemnity which they seek. But before pronouncing any opinion whether or not they- were so justifed I should like to hear from themselves the grounds upon which they acted, and the persons whom they consulted previously to taking that step. I should like to hear that it was taken, not only on the solo responsibility of Her Majestys Government, but with the concurrence and full consent of the Governor and directors of the Bank of England. I should like to know, in point of fact, whether they received any application from the Bank of England, calling upon them to suspend the existing Act, and also whether any such application came from any of the leading bankers and commercil fims cf London. Before granting an Act of Indemnity for the violation of the existing law we ought to have an explanation on this point from Hler Majesty's Go. vernment, and likewise an explsnatlonwhethertheparticular step they took was calculated to meet the difficulties under which the country was at the time labouring. My belief, with that of the committee which your lordships appointed in 1848, undoubtedly is, that though oertainly the Act of 1844 had no share In producing the calamities to which we are now, and ere in 1847, subjected, yet that that Act has a very strong ad important influence in aggravating such difficulties when they arie. (Hear, hear.) I believe the case to be this, that whatever may in other respects be the merits or demerits of the Act of 184, there can be no doubt that when the country sees the publication of the Bank accounts, and that the Bank is approaehing the period at which it will be necessary for them to oontIA9t tbtlx cIxgstiaton ju consequence of the drain of appnitude of the danger connected wvth 'wbich I shouldwere it not for the melancholy experience of the last few months-hardly deem Her Majesty aIinisters were suflolently alive. In the Speech which has this day been read zrom theTThroneler Majesty Is mndo " to deplore the severe sufferings to which many of her subjects in India have been exposed," and, while expressing her grief for " the exteusive bereavements and eorrow which it bas caused," is made to delarse that she has delived " the greatest satisfaction from the distingnished successes whioh have attended the heroic exertions of the comparatively small forces which have been opposed to superior Bumbers without the aid of the power. ia! reinforcements despatched from this country to their ,ssistance." Now, my lords, far be it from me to give utterance to a single word 'which could lead you to suppose that I thought lightly of those private sorrows and affilotions which have cast a gloom over so many heartbs in England. But, although I feel that the expression of her sympathy with such sorrows and such affliotions cannot but fanl gracefuly from the lips of the Sovereign, yet I must exprees mUy surprise that the advisers of Her Majesty have not thought proper to make some mention in the Royal Message of that political ruin and that public danger by which the country was so lately surrounaed. (Hear, hear.) Individuals may suffer-as many have done-from aninundatiop, an earthquake, or any other calamity, Mlen are born to die on the battle-field as well as upon the bed of sickness. Such events are matters of constant occurrence, but the mutiny of your Indian army is an event of a difterent order. The whole framework of your empire in that country has been rudely shakennay, for the momeat your empire has been lost and remains to a restored yet the expression of the Sovereign's regret for a public aamity so great finds no place in the Message frons the Throne. (Hear, hear.) I should be sorry indeed, my lords, from the style of composition which the latter part of the paragraph in the Royal Speech, to which I have Just drawn your attention, presents to suppose that it could have been written by Her Majesty herself (lnauhter), and I shall not further dwell upon it, but shall proceed to the next paragraph, in 'which the Sovereien gives utterance to her warmn approbation " of the gallantry of the troops employed against the mutineers, their couraoe in action, their endurance under privation, fatigue, and the effects of climate -the high-spirit and selfdevotion of the officets, andthe ablity, skill, and persevering energy of the commanders." That paragraph, my lords, is one, which I am glad to know has fallen from the lips, as I am proud to believe it has comne from the heart, of the Soverelgn. (Hear.) No words 'bich I could Use could do justice to the gallantry, the perseverazice, the intrepidity, the Herculean labours of that small bit devoted band, to whose hands the salvation of our Indian empire has been confided. (Cheers.) They have contended-surprised as they have been and having but too much reason to fear that they 'were abandoned by their country-not onlyagainst overwhelming numabe's, but against the difficulties which the climate of India presents at a period of the year when all fnrmer experience would lead us to suppose that all operations in the open field in that country were impossible. (Hear, hear.) They 'were, moreover, scattered here and there In small bodies throughout a vast extet of hostile territory; yet under all those disadvantages they have struggled, they have dared, and they have triumphed in a manner which reflects immortal honour upon themselves, and which I trust will ultimately lead to the salvation of our Indian empire. (Cheers.) For men who have doueauch deeds no pralse can be teo high, no reward which a grateful country can bestow too great. (Cheers.) My lords, I am loth to single out even an individual namne for special mention from that bright band to whom :England owves so much, lest in doing so I mi-ght seem to do injustice to Eome gallaut spirit wVto, placed in sinilar circumstances, would have earned for himself a stmilar immortalitY. (Hear, hear.) But I can scarcely refrain from pronouncing the names in the record of those who have fallen In their country's service of such men as Neil, Nicholson, Lawrence, Banke, the young Willoughby, the devoted Salkeld, and the gal. lant Hlome. (Cheers.) They all died the soldier's death; and they have not died in vain. The laurel with which their brows would have been encircled had they lived wil twine its branches round their graves. (Cheers.) Bat, my lords, among those 'who have achieved such glorious exploits In India there are some still living, and from the number, even at the risk of seeming to take upon myself an invidious task, I may he allowed to select for especial notice two mames-that of General Havelock and that of Colonel Greathed. (Hear, hear.) Those two gallant officers have as your loroships are aware, performed two wonderful marches under the greatest difficulties. (Hear.} Greathed was a young officer in a subordinate situation, and from the specixmen of military ability 'which he has displayed Idraw the highest augury of the skill and talent whtch the young officers in the army 'wll be found to exhibit whenever the opportunity for the display of those qualities Is afforded. Of General Havelock It is needless to speak. His achievements are too weil known to your lordships and to the country to require any moention of mine. I can only express a hope that he and the gallant Outram wil reap the reward of their glorious efforts, and that they, as well as the garrison for whose succour they so nobly- struggled, together with its gallant commander, are now enjoying that repose which their labours and their patient endurance so well deserve. (Hear, hear,) I trust that no mischance has befallen them. The country looks out with the utmost anxiety for the next mall from India, whicb, we hope, will bringus the account that they are at length placed in safety Their position is one of great peril, and I earnestly trust that the forces which have been despatched to their relief may not arrive too late to effect that object. If India has been saved the work has been wrought by means of the gallantry ano perseverance of her military force With their own brave hearts, their own strong right hands. and their truaty swords they have won their way and acted well their part. With al my heart I wish that the praise to which they are entitled may not be grudgingly bestowed upon them, and that they may receive at the hands of their country the rewards 'which they so justly merit. (Hear, hear.) But, to pass to another topic, I may first observe that my noble friend 'who moved the Address in answer to the Royal Speech has deprecated any attack being made upon the conduct of the Governor-General of India, or any charge being brought against him in connexion with the recent proceedings in that country. Now, as my noble friend has adverted to Lord Canning, I may state that of that nobleman I should be iisposed to speak with al tenderness andal conaideration, not only on account ofthe sincere regardwhichI entertainfor himpersonally and the respect which I have for his talents, but also because he has been placed in eircumstances of such unparalleled difficulty that if he has not been found to be in nll points equal to his post it is because of that difficulty, and because not one man in 10,000 would be found likely to cope with it with success. (Hear.) It wvas, I think, about the close of 155 that Lord Canning entered upon the administration of the affairs of our Indian empire, andt it now appears that long before he set foot in that country-nay, for mPonths before that tile-certain secret negotiations had been going en for the purpose of tamperinag with the'Bengal army. (Haear, eher.) My noble friend the mover of the Address, adverting to certain circumstances which had taken place in his own country, drew fromL them an argument to sho'w that the Sepoys 'were influenced by certain superstitions, and that they believed the time had arrived when the dominion of England might be shaken off. I believe that supposition to be correct. I believe that various prophecies and old sayings were circulated throughout India, the purport of .which w'ws that at the expiration of a period of 100 years Of British rule the Sepeoyswould be enabled to drive them from the country and to regain their ancilent supremacy. But if it ha true, as my noble friend says, that that belief prevailed generally throughout India, and that the circumstance was known, does not that fact furnish the stron~ p1s?ossible additional rzeason why every precaution LhordbeRTMAkNt previenthavringsofeatheaepts andthngwhy knwothe Government, awelast teveryiotencerof Landctiviin, throughout the lorrand soul hav thei sbeyeo uIe wket thesihEart smto oEB.-h ncprientedisaffcio?(e ar,ho thear.)o amow,the papersabeoreu provedi thattno Bsucih prueawsould Lord toRanMed 0 denisafed ihavinlstte thaxit,ayhu wn,as kno7wnatothe Goernmentx as tohte existene of' df,tiswaffethon ferorfhe hdnoinformatliono thperstfiubject, The EndarlNvofcomprise,h pr'inted p siatpers showuithatifoor tworrygotthre hears onstodpirophcie Nw whavebeniruatpeed amn sewehr thpopuauthonrfinisindia tatheavii ue won uldi coment anivendat0nyearse sifterditsaffbectoubgn to exst,hndwa Itselfwas the dcentnryofithexbattled OnI'as thiswa theO penurioyixdo by57 thnerasupearstitieortaedgthe populteneof greatusalookcamy aAond dhelieatelattDmumo the sevents'hic occurred. edIca'wimaes. O chares againstnoman,bthlet stseerwhethenirytheiauthoritiaes ind ofthaeirbenendsfi-r cienatlyaiera aytimecol e sncedisaffbectionsegant shmocse igtsedfrtowte danere whndicih extisted. on the 23 bumofs Otanay 1857, f abu General Hearseyrpotdgheeistnc r;rsTof gethjealousyrnmengt thte m enpats)uade oeng the mubereo wthes grehasdcarteridgnes.Onthatemfloissgrdayofthe deother inc ndir ofie tooipae, and oas of theirIcnir Kinghtd rowsb 'wereofoundintetatchriof to hebnalows. Edeposdt in of Oud ad ors of th to the the ho e t men, explained to them hsea cficustances connected with the the greased caotrid , an d had, as he b op d, undeceived their minds for the time; but he writes to the Government 4on the Ilth- in e havep atBarracau u beend e upon a mie reay fovrmnex ont." At th d same time he reports he -existence of forfmable symptoms of mutiny in the o4th tainiment. Again, on the 24th of Februnty the 19th Ia. fantry at Berharare 'were visted by the N 4th, and two days afterwards they raoke out into open mutiny to such an extent thatn dolonel Mitchel (whether discreetly or noth will not stay to inquire), doubtful of his own force, felt hiaself IeOryelied to tnemporize with these men , and consented to moave away the artile and cavalry mnarched against themx if they 'would ret-r to their lines. This outbreak oeems in the first instance ralter to have aianned the Government of Calcutta, and on the Oth of naroh they sent off to Raigoon for the 84th R metak 'which arrived on the 20th. Threudiout the whole of this period, fron the beginning of Febu ary to the 20th of march, no single step, as far as I can find, was taken on the part of the Government either to disabuse the minds of the ;Sepoys on the subject of these greased cartridges, or to ascer. tain their probable Intentions and thLe eaxtent of the dizaffec. tion prevailing among them. No additional precautions vere taken, and during the 'whole of fhat time the Govern. ment never dreamed of the gross foly of leaving the import. ant city of Delhi with its stores Of ammunition and artil. lery without one single EuroPean soldier in it, andl guarded by native troops alone, although then they had notice from one of their mnost intellgent officers that foreign emissaries 'were at 'work. (HeaLr, hear.) I hope your lordships 'will excuse me for entering Into these details, but I 'want to show that 'we have Ceasn fr syin tht te Idia Goernent did not exet temslve ealy nouh t pu astop to these inci~nens~sp~m~(Her, har. On he 8thof February urok ou th muinyof he 4th Anoffcerin front of h).Srjskgwas ut dwn b a Spoy almaddened 1.y drink. This man kept walking baockwards and forwards before th, ranks, no0 one attsmping to arrest him, until the news was brought to General Hearey- General Hearsey felt that there was not a single momenxt to be loet. He mnounted his bors, rode to the spot, ordered the Ruard to seize the Sepey; the guard hesitated and refused. What did General Hlearsey do? Termporize? No. Like a true.hearted British officer and gentleman be rodle in at the man himself ; 'with his own hamd he Eeized hiim and dragged him frora before the ranks, whereupon the imamt shot himself. Thesw facts w re.re Ported by General Hearsey, who begged that sin immediate 're'ward mnight be oonferred on a certain Sepoy (whom he took the responsibility of promoting on the spot), and asked at the sarne time that the namnes of two officeirs might be inserted in general orders. *What was the reply tohis letter? Certainly be received thanks for what he had done; these could niot be withheld; hut he aotus-lly got a reprimand for having taken upon himself to promote the Sepoy without reference to the authorities at Calcutta, who also refused to inEert In general orders the names of the officers he had recommended for that -honour. (Cheers.) What followed ? The Governinent seemed to have taken conrage from the conduct of General Hearsey. The 19th Regiment having on the 27th of February brokeni into open rautiny1 the 'Government on the 30th of March-five weeks afterwards-determined to inflict a signal punishment. They accordingly assembled the regiment; and what was the sina punishmient ? The only penalty for an act of the grossest mutiny was that they were paid their wages and disbanded. At that very moment the emiissaries of the Court of Oude had promieed them increased pay, yet the Governmient merely give the men what is due to them and disband them, atnd conceive that that is a punishment -whichi will put an end to the mutiny for the future ! (Hear, hear.) It was ana act of madness, (Cheers.) *When that general order reached Sir R. Iawrence at Luclcnow, he felt so strongly its Inspolicy and the encouragement It would give to the dls,affeoted, that he refused to read it. All this timne the 34th Regiment, a soldlier of which had shot bis officer-an act in which the whole regiment had passively shared, some of the men also having actuallystrucktwoEuropean officerswith the buatts, of their muskets was stIl supposed by the Govern3ment, in its insanity, to be perfectly faithful and trustworthy, and they permitted it to do duty to the end of April. N~ay, such was their infatuation that they actusliy maeditated, and the order. I believe, was issued, the sending back the 84th to Rtangoon, leaving themselves under the sole protection of nativo troops. Fortusnately for them there broke out, or would have brokenx out but for the energy and foresight of Sir H.Lawrence, the mutiny at Lucknow. Bar H. Lawrence, lie GeneralHaearsey,wasequaltoth0oocsion He anticipated the rautineers, surrounded themn with animpo. sing force, excited a panic among thema in the mildst of their treasonableconspiraoy,andalthoughhisforcewascomposedJu a great part of men treasonably iniclined he comopletely overpowered and overawed themn. But not one of the men who knocked down their officers withi the butt end of their muskets was brought to punishment. The 34th were simply disbanded and sent to swell the ranks of the mautineers. (Hear, hear.) Ilask whether in thewhole course of thesepro. ceedings Lord Cannigb adsvisers-and Lord Canni-ng maust to agreat degee have been in the hands of his advisers-exhibited foresgighit, vigour, or any of those qualifiations which it is most important should be shown by moen who are to conduct the Government of India at such a moment? (Hear, hear.) I come then to Her Majesty's Government at home, and I must confess I do not think they have exhibited much maore foresight, promptitude, or vigilance. They refused from first to lant to b,elieve in the sezious character of the mutiny. My noble friend (the Earl of Ellenborough) whose knowledge of India and the dee p interest he has taken in its welfare qualify him better than, any mnan to speakc on this subject, and -who appears throughout to have had an intuitive perception of what was going to be done and what ought to he done (hear, hear), never ceased duming the whole course of the last session to press upon the Ministry the necessity of taking the earliest sad the most prompt and vigorous measure. forepengta which he represented as a dangerou ospiw.(er bea.) ut y nblefriend was the Cassandra of the House. His prophecies were disregarded, and that disregard has cost many a valuable British life and has well nigh lost India. (Cheems. On the 1!9th of Ma-y Lord Ellenborough called the attention of the Government to the subject and urged the necessty of immnediate reinforcements, He 'was told by Lord Paninure that the intelligence was net such as to create any apprehension for the safety of India, butt that as the Chifnese expedition would comprisefour regimntes -which would otherwise hava gone to India four other regiments would be ordered to proceedl to that country in the course of the next five weeksr. On the 9th of June my noble friend agaLin called attention to the state of India, and especilly to the religious aspect of the question, which has been re3ferred to bly my noble frienid opposite, and upon which I shall have to say a few words. On the Uth of June the President of the Board of Control, Mr.Vernon Smith, expressed his hope that no alarm was felt by the public with regard to Indian affairs, and stated that owing to the promptitude and vigour displayed by the anthorilties in India the disaffection which bad existed amonig the troops In that country had been suppressed, and that any future maniffestation of such a feeling would be met by similar decisive measures. On the 23d of June Air. V. Smith stated that the 19th Regimaent of NativeInifantry had beenx disbanded, and that it was the intention of the Govern. ienet to disband any other regiments whicoh manifested a mutinouisdispoeitiois. Well,my lords, onthe 29th ofJune. my noble friend, after sonie intelligence had been received of the calasaities which had occurred in India, again p~ressed upon the Government the necessity of sending out withx the utmost speed other and larger reinforcements to the army, and he suggsted, as it would be necessary to despatch al our availablE military force in this country to India, that their place should be supplied by the immediate embodiment of the militia. Your lordships will probably recollect with -what cool indifference these suggestions wore received. The noble President of the Council assured us that the disaffection was not so extensive as was supposed; that the nlative princes were most cordially co-operating with the British authorities ; that Lord Canning expected thuk General Anson would shortly be before Delhii; that four more regiments had been ordered out; and that the calling out of the militia would appear to indicate difficulties and 'would lower this country in the eyes of the worldL Your lordships may remember that an order in Council had been issued on the 2flth of June directing that the militia should not be called out, and on the 16th of July Lord Palmerston bing asked whether, under the altered circumastances, and conidering the state of affairs in India, the Government would not revoke that order, replied " Oh, no ; the Indian affair Isa miere nothing ; it does not in the slightest degree alter the views of the Governmaent, and the militia will not be called out." Within a very short timne afterwards, however, the suggestions of my noble friend were adopted ; andI I cannothbe p thinking that then, as on some former occasions, it would have been as well had they been adoptea a little sooner. If the reinforcemaents which were ultimately sent out had been despatched-asnmy -noble friend urgdta they should be-in the month of June, and if they had been sent by the shortest route, I venturo to say that not ore-tenth of the disasters and difficulties which have occurred would have been experienced by these gallant men who were unnecesarily left to struggle on 'without sufficient support, and from whom I have seen leters expressing the bitterness ofI their hearts at the delay of succour, although their spirits and energies remained uncontinered and in. domuit'ble. (Hlear, hear.) On the 29th of June the Presidenit of the Board of Control delivered a speech which showed such an utter and hopeless ignorance of the whole question with which he had to deal, and of the arrange. mnents of his department, as I not only never saw equialled, hut as Ibelieve never could be equalele, still, after all the disastrous intellgence receivedby the Government, treating the condition of India sas a matter of no presin I m- portance. " By the middle of next month,"1 sai Mr. Vernon SmIth, "114,000 men, partly recruits, partly trained reliefs, willsai for india. I hope this House will not exaggerate the danger because we send out those troops. It isg as a measur of security alone that we despatoh them. Our Indian empire is not in danger, and I hope that in a short time the mutiny wil be effectually suppressed by the force already in that country." Referring to the ouatbreak which had taken place at Delhi, the -President of the Boardl of Control stated, inx reply to a question from Mr. Disraeli. that "1everything thAt can be done is being done In India, and troop have been alread marched u to surroundl what the rightt hen,genteman(Mr.Disr-aeli) call the ancient capital of the Mloguls, the city of Delhi." Then, Mr. Vernon Smita went on to show his intimate knowledge of the city of Delhi by saying, " Luckily the outrage has taken place there, because it is notorious that Delh may be easilv surrounded." (A laugh.) Surrounded! (Renewed laughter.) "I have no doubt," continuaed the President of the Board of Control, "1that it wil be reduced by force inimediately that a iman of t-he well-known vigour of action of my gallant friend General Anion, who now commands the army of the North, appears before the walls of Delhi." Why, the large force which General Anson was able to take with him was somewhere about 2,000 men, if they had all arrived. " It Is notorious," said t'he President of the Board of Control, " that Delhi masybe easily surrounded, so that if we could not reduce the place by force we could by faminte."1 Was there ever such an instance of utter Ignoranice? (LAughter.) M1r. Vernon Smith went on to say, -and if mnynoble friends opposite have the slightest idea that I amn misrepresenting bim, I beg to refer them to the debate In the House of Commons on the29th of June last session,-" Unlortunately, I the mail left on the 18th uit., and I cannot there. If-re-apris +-the Hous that th for o fl1h i,- een razed to the ground; but I hope that by the next mail wo shall receive intelligence that"-General Anson acting with promptitude and vigour-" ample retrib'ation has by tbisi time been inflicted on the mutineers who occupy that city." Such was the eminent foresigbt displayed by the Mtinister intrusted with the conduot of Indian affairs I ("Hear," and a laugh.) The news of the fearful calamities which had occurred in India, and of the occupation of Delhi by the Mogul. did, however, elicit the warmest sympathy on the part of aiMost every European State. Early in July the Sltan, without hesitation, upon the appecation of Lord Stratford de Redchffe, granted his firman for the pasage of British troops across the Isthmus of Suez. The Pasha of Egypt voluntarily, and without any app liation being made to him, wrote to the agent of the Pennsla and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, stating t-hat if the British Government wished, throughtheir agency, to send troops across his territory to the Red Sea, he would abord such troops every facility of transit, whether they were in or out of uniform, by hundreds or by thousands, and that they should have the use of hls horses, carriages, and the same means of conveyance as if they were his own troops. (Clheers.3 It isnot I believe verr generally L-nown-though it is right it should be, as it is the highest compliment that could be paid to this country, and shiows how -wide and general was iffe sympathy entertained towards us by the most powerful .nonarchs in Europe-that the Emperor of the French of his own accord informaed the British Government that if it woulr be any convenience to them to send the greater body of troops thoey were despatoblag to India across France, they had his il and free leave to traverse his territory, and that eeyf lty should be afforded for their conveyance. thatbevers., faiityit be the frman f theSulta, the offer of the Pasa, he romse f te ~perr o te Frencah were alike disrgarddand50~~sad hat romthat timae lip to the Ca; e, and wlren a considearle number were despatched by 61a1ing vess';ss in p referenice to steamer.% that there would bet bedffie1ty withi regard to transport by the overland lroute 'wherL the zroops arrived on the other side the Isthmus upon the shores of the RIed Sea, It has been st5ted-I don't know whether truly or not, but I have not seen it contradicted-that Lord Elphinstone, whose exertions deserve the warmest acknowledgments (cheers)-made an offer by telegrapl: to Lord Canning to send out a rapid steamer to catch the mail with the news of the mutiny, and tha' Lord Canning's reply, was that such a step was unneceseary and there was no hurry. ft is said, pIso, that Lord Elphinstone volunteered, if Lrd Canningthought fit, to send steamers from Bobyto the d ea for the purpose of meetiug any troops which the British Government might des°atch by that route. But more than this,-the lPeninsular and Oriental Company offered to the Government in July to make arrangements for the passage of troops from Alexandria across the Isthmus, by which they could have been transported from ship to ship within 24 hours, and they offered the use of their steamers which, they stated, were capable of carryirg 500 mea at each tip. If troops had been conveyed by that route across tns Isthmus, they would have arrived at Bombay or Point de GaUe in. sx or seven weeks; and, consequently, troops despatched from this country at the end of Jnwe or the beginning of July would have reached India by the middle of August. The GoveTnment, however, dechned all these propositions. Theyrefused to avail themselves of the offersof theSultan of thePasha,f theEmperorof theFrench, and of the Peninsnlar andOrientalCompany; theyreliedupon their own means and resources; and what happened ? Afte a time matters became more serious, and towards the latter end of August application wa made by the Government to the East India Directors, who had from the first been anxious to forward troops by the overland route, to arrange with the Peninsular and Oriental Company the very bar. gain which a month before Her taIesty's Government had declined. The East India Directors, m conoert with the Waroffice and the illustrious Duke (the Dulte of Cambridge), who I am sure was from the first anxious to provide for the de. spatch of reinforcements, undertook the arrangement. teally, my lords, what I am golng to say sounds so incredible that it is dfficult to believe it, and I ask to he contradlcted by the Government if they are able to contradict me, but shold they do so I promise to bring forward incontrovertible evidence to prove it. Some considerable time after the arrangements to which I have referred the right hon. gentleman the President of the Board of Control some^what surprised the agent of the Peninsular and Oriental Company by a letter, in which he asked him if some plan. could not be arranged by which troops could be sent to India bymeans of the steamers of the company. Well, my lords, the gentlemnan to whom the letter was addressed read it over, and then examined the seal and scrutinized the signature to see if it could possibly be a hoax, but finding that it was a genuine production he wrote back to say, " You ask if it can be done; why, It is being done and has been done for a considerable time, under the authority of the Government." I ask your lordships if it Is not inconceivable that the President of the Board of Control, himself a mem. ber of the Cabinet, should write and ask if it was possible to organize a scheme wlien that scheme had been in full operation for a considerable period under the sanction of the Government? (Laughter.) I ask you if, with such instences, the country may not reasenably disrust the vigour, the intell7gence, asi the energies of those by whom the efforts of her gallant army in the East are directed? (Hear, hear.) Now, my lords, if the advice of my noble friend (Lord Ellenborough) had been adopted the offers of the Pasha of Egypt accepted, and troops sent through Egypt in the beginning of June, they m£ght have arrived in Calcutta towards the middle of August; while, as it was, thefirst reinforcement which did arrive in India, with the exception of the troops detached from China and a small number of men from the Mauritius, was part of a regiment wbich was sent out in the GoldenFleece, a remarkably guick ship, and which made the passage in the extraordmnary shortspace of 60 as,but whichdid notarrive until the latter end of October. Now, my lords, look to the circumstances of that garrison upon which the interest of all is painfully fixed; look at the position of Lucknow and the position of the relieving force, ad tell me what would have been the effect if those trooPs which arrived in October had arrived at the beginning, the middle, or even the latter end of September. If they had so arrived the movements of Sir H. Bavelock would have been perfectly safe and secure, and not the sllghtest risk would have been run by the garrison of Lueknow, with all its helpless women and children, of fialing into the hands of their brutal and barbarous enemies; but if, from the delays of the Government in sending out troops that town should fall, upon them will rest the guilt and the shame of such a fearful calamity. (Hear, hear.) I trust that the Government will not think, because I consider It my duty as a peer of Parliament to criticize their conduct and to point out their oversight, that I am not disposed, or that any of the party with which I have the honour of being connected is not disposed, to assist the Government in restoring the state of affairs. We are all as well disposed to aid the Government as far as we can, and to the best of our abilities, with no greater diminution of energy and assiduity than if we were perfectly satisfied of their discretion and capacity, whatever we may think of their qualifications. Ina geat crisis like the present the men who are happy enough to enjoy the confidence of their Sovereign ought to be, and must be, supported by every man who has the interest of his country at heart (cheers)and every such man wi act as if he approved their whole proceedings. At present, my lords, the task before us is to reconquer an empire, and to that end our whole attention and energy must be directed. Wemust£frstre-establish our power, and then we may take into consideration that most important subject, a better organization of our Indian empire. Thereis one grave circumstance to vhich I must allude. We have all read, my lords, in this country details of those fearful crimes and inhuman butcheries, of barbarities the narra. tion of which, even at this distance, caused the blood of every man to curdle in his veins and his very flesh to quiver with indignation and abhorrence, and therefore we can well believe, if we at this distance were thus maoved, that the effect in India would be great indeed- " Segnius irritant animos demuissa per aurem Quam qure oculls subjecta fidelibus et quse Ipse sibi tradit spectator." Hear,hcar.' IcanwellimaginethatamanwhohadwitnesseI thoee scenes of butchery, who had perhaps among the victims one of those dearest and nearest to him-I can well imagine that a man who had witnessed the scenes which oc. curredin the shambles-house, Cawnpore, or wbosaw there the mangled corpses of women and children, mutilated remains, hair torn off and scattered about-I can well imagine, I say, that a man who has witnessed such scenes may be aroused to a pitch of frenzy almost demoniao in its nature, and that thero may be some deeds perpetrated by persons coming fresh from scenes so horrible, from witnessing the wounded and dishonoured bodies of their country. women and of their children, which would seeem to be inspired by a fiend-like thirst for blood. I can Imagine that the feelngs so produced may exceed all possibility of control, aud that men may become rlmost as savage in pur. pose as those whom we are bound to punish* but w, my lords, must be actuated by no such feeling. (iear, hear,) It is, however, necessary for the vindication of al justice, for our own security for the future, for the preponderauce of our own power, that we should deal out a stern justice. (Hear, hear). For those wretched men who through fear, or upon actual compulsion, or some such motive, sided against us, I think there may be somne vindication; but for every one who has treacherously joined the ranks of the rebels, or who is taken with arms in his bands, there can be, and. there ought to be. but one penalty, and that penalty is death. With regard, however, to those miscreants who have murdered women and children, and perpetrated atrocities and horrors which nature and decency compel uss to shroud in a veil, what puni4lhment should be inflicted upon them? It is clear that when a man from the mouth of the cannon frox which be is to be blown boasts that he has kiled three or four Europeans, death by A sudden blow has no terrors for him, and that he is most probably looked upon rather as a hero than a criminal by his vile associates. I, my lords, would inflict upon these men a doom far worse than death-I mean a protracted life, with the brand of Cain upon their brows. A life embittered by severe, by degrading, and by painful labour would be a far heavier punishment than death. They slould live a life of constant slavery, condemned to the most degrading occupations; a Brahmin of the highest caste should be the slave of the lowest pariah, and without chance of escape from his condition, he should drrg out an existence from -which death would be considered a relief. I hope, my lords, that in what I have said I have shovn no desire for vengeance, for vengeance sake. All I desire is, that a stern punishment should be administered which will satisfy the justice of the case, and will afford some security against similar atrocities for the future. There is, however, my lords, one thirg that I would strongly deprecate, and that is anything like the impression that a feeing of hostility towards the native population exists among the Europeanpopulation. Itaisy havehappened that in the heat of assault, and maddened by the atrocities which had been committed, some of our troops killed persons not in arms. Now, that, however much to be de. plored, may from the peculiar circumstances of the case bs at least extenuated; but what I deprecate is that the white man should condder every man with a black skin his enemy, and should consider it jus- tifiable to shoot him without meroy-that, my lords, is a spirit which must be restrained, if not upon principles of Christianity, at least upon principles of sound licy, for if such a state of things continue our power and uthority wiiU soon come to a termination. Whatever may arise, we must strenuously maintain the principle of convincing the native more than he has as yet ever been convinced of our unconquerable superiority and supremacy. There niust be no half measures. You must make him feel thatEnglandis hismaster; but,having donethst,make him also feel that the mastery will be exercised, notwithstanding all that has happened-notwithstanding bis ingratitude and the provocation he has given-for his own benefit. He must be your servant, but you mnst be his benefactor; and though you will have to govern the whole of India by the dominion of the sword and by force, you must not hope to govern it by the sword rlone, unaccomparied by measures of amelioration. (Hear, hear.) One word more, and I wiUl quit this most important subject, Into which I have been led at greater length than I anticipated. My noble friend adverted to the paraMaph in the Speech which, in mysterious terms, states that the affairs of Her Majesty's East Indian dominions wil require the serious attention of Parliament, and that Her Majesty recommends them to Its earnest attention, This pargph may mean a great deal or nothing at all; and, having listened to the speech of my noble friend, I have not been able to inform myself of the views of the Government on this subject. No doubt some one of Her Majesty's Ministers will rddress the House in the course of this debate, and I shaU have the opportunity of receiving from him a distinct explanation of the meaning of that passage in the Queen's Speech, and of learning whether we are to infer that the Ministers cortemplate bringing forward in this session any rmasure whatever with respect to the Indian Government-I mean any measure with respect to the onstution and form of government; or whether it Is intended simply to call attention by way of committees of inquiry to the state of affairs.' Incdia. I hope, If the Government mean legislation at al, they mean to legidste on their own respon.Ibity. (H[a:-ar,) In 1852 Imroved bullion, all other paties, all other bankers, an alnl othei commercial firms deem it needful to take preautioes for their owrn Interest in order to seure thbmael, agdnst the dangers they foresee, ad accordingly tVeW Lgna to hoard a portion of the notes and bullion they reoeive The effect of that, of course, is, that a lrge part Of thu circulating medium of the country, whether in cli or In notes, oases to be in actual, lculatl4 And though there is the same amount of issue from tbee Bank there is not the game amount of circultion or thes same activity given to the currency. In consequence, tbere-s fore, of the panic, which leads to hoarding, and stll farthe3e increases the difficulty and restriction upon the clrculation,, that restriction still further augments the preasure upon the Bank, and still further augments the necessity on the part c that establshment of adopting meaures yet more stringenut Thus panio and restrlotion at and re-act on each other until the country is brought, rith abundnce of money oS all deecriptions, to the verge of bankruptcy and insolvencyj That, I believe, is a correct statement of the operation of the Act of 1844, and of how it works In times of commerdZsX panic. If that be so, then I think an Act that does away for a time with that restriction on the Bank has a natural ten.# dency to dininish the panic, to encourage the pouring fortk of hidden stores of money into active, circulation, andk thereby, as in 1847, Without any Iolation of the laW, to enable the Bank to resurme the ordinary coure of pro ceeding and replenis its coffers with bullion. Sup. posing for the moment that the restrictions of! the Act of 1844 are judicious under ordinavy cir, cumstances, I think when the state of things that I hava desoribed arises it Is absolutely necessary that those restrio. tions should not be enforced on the Bank. And this, 1: presume, was the motive which led Her Majesty' Government in 1857, as in 1847, to take 'on thei own rerponsibility the important step of stting mide the provisions of an Act of Parliament.. Letme askwhethertheconditions arethe samein 1857as ii&847. Ii the latter ear the- foreign exbanges woer emiently favourable tous-buionwnrapldlyo,in the Bank vaults, ad therefor% although at ths tie;,11M bullion in the Bankhad fallen below the amount which tkr Act required to be kept, yet there was the reasuing crcumstance that events were in progress by which in a ahor* time the equilibrium would be restored. Thereforethe su, pension of the Act of 1844 was not actually carrled intoe effoct In 1847, and the late Mr. Gurney stated before the4 committee whichsatafierwards, "what we wantedwas nolt moxey, but to know that we should have money if we wanted it." The result upon that oocAsion was that the panic and hoarding ceaed at onoe. But at the present time, when Her Majesty's Ministers have taken this step, the foreign exchanges were stiu unfavonrable to us, the drain of bullion wa still continuing. I will not decide whether to that cause alone is to be attributed the fact that the same step. which in 1847 produced immediate relief hss not been. attended with the like happy results in theyearl857. I now come to another question. If it be the opinion of He6r MAjesty's Ministers that in times of commercil difficulty and pressure the Act of 1844 has the effect, I wil not say of creating these dangerous symptoms, but of aggravating them wvhen they do occur, then I ask Her Majesty's Go- vernment to gLve upon this subject a clear and categoricd. answer to this question, whether when they bring forward' their Bill of Indemnity they intend to adhere to the Act ot 18442 (Hear, hear.) I can perfectly understand the Government asking fora Bil of Indemnity for a violationof' an Act which they felt necessary at the moment, but I do not understand their asking for the second time within 1a( years for an Act of Indemnity on account of the violation of an Act which, when a strain comes, is found to be nnequal to bear it; but I do not understand how, while asking Parlament to grant an indemnity for violating that Act, they can ask us to continue the permanent operation of that very Act which they themselves have found it necessary to suspend. (Hear, hear.) I say, if that Act be perfectly sound, but that at certain tmes and under certain circumstances it be necessary to dispense with the pressure of its too stringent provisions, then that power should be con, tained in the Act itself. (Hear, hear.) There should be a relaxing and dispensing power vested somewhere, and that; power should be vested by the Act itself. (Hear, hear.) 1 believe that was the intention of the committee of 1848, which, although It has been said to have made many recommendations, vet proposed no legislation, the duty of a oomnittee beingin my judgment to make recommendations. It was a most able, painstaling, and valuable committee. (Hear, hear.) It made a most useful report, but its recommendations have been completely neglected. I hope the Government will make a frank and explicit statement upon that point, and I do trust they will do so without pro. posing any further reference to Parliamentary committees. (Hear, hear.) We have had before u all the materials for our consideration ad nauseam. Last year a most extraordinary step was taken by Her Majesty's Government. In this House your lordships did not think it necessary, with referenoe to the renewal of the Bank Charter Act, to appoint any committee; but in the other House the ChanceUor of the, Exchequer thought it was advisable to appoint a committee, but at the same time to take away from that committee the, slightest utility of which it could becapable, except the ro-. duction of a vast blue-book which no one wouldrread. The ChaceUlor of the Exchequer protested, on behalf of the Government seriatim, ainst every possible alteration ir the law which could be suggested, and declared that the Government was prepared to stand by the existing law. I think under these circumstances we have a right to ask the Government that they shaU take an open and candid course without any further inquiry or reference to committees, and tell us frankly and plainly-for they must have made, up their minds wkhether after all that has passed they are still prepared to adhereto their position of last year, and to, maintain inviolate and in Its integrity the Act of 1844 ? I Make this reasonable request without any desire-as I am sure is not desired on this side of the House-to throwany impediment in the Way of or to offer any vexatious opposition to her Majesty's Government. (Hear, hear.) The Queen's Speech then proceeds to state that Her Majest has observed " with great regret that the disturbed state of commercial transactions in general has occasioned a diminution of employment in the manufacturing districts, which she feared could not fail to be attended with much local distress." I regret to say, my lords, being connected with the manufacturing districts myself, and I shall be borne out I am sure by other noble lords similarly connected, that this phrase in the Royal Speech but feebly depicts the amount of difficulty and suffering which prevails. I hope that the good sense of the operatives will preserva them from senseless and unnecessary outbreaks, but I do assure the Government that not only the operatives but the manufacturers are at this moment placed in circumstances of the deepest pain and difficulty. I have had to day a return from M anchester, which has been published in the journals, fromvhichl find that there arein that city 233 miUs and other large establishments employing large mamses of men under one roof, giving occupation in ordinary times to 45,391 men. If it be remembered that the majority of those operatives are married men with wives and children dependent upon them, that number may be doubled, or perhaps trebled, in order to arive at a corret statemeut of the individuals who are interested in the welfare of those manufacturing establishments. Of these 23:3 mills only 73 are working full time -the remaining 160 either worldng short time, three or four days a-week, or are wholly closed. The number of operatives in those mils now in full work is 16,861, while those partially or wholly unemployed number 28,530, That is as far as Manchester alone is concerned; but I believei I could bring similar statements from Bradford, frost Preston, from Bury, and other places. But that is a state ot things to which justice is not done by the paragraph in the Royal Speech, which states that " diminution of employ. ment in the manufacturing districts cannot fail to be attended with much local distress." If under these circumstances, as I take it, they will, the operatives have the good' sense and judgment to abstain from conduct which can do them no good, but must inflict upon them and their employers immense mischief-if they maintain a peaceful and' respectful demeanour under the difficult circamatanoes ofthe time, then I say all honour to them, to their good sense, and to theiloyalty (Hear.) But, my lords, Ithink the Govern. mentmighthave gone furtherandtoldu8 the causes-the red source of this disturbance of all commercial trnnsactlons., For years past we have heard continual laudations of the enormous extension our commercia transactions. We have been told that if we only ceased to clip the wings of commerce and to leave it free as the winds of Heaven there would be no limit to our prosperity. I remember seeing an article in an Important newspaper-2The Times-no longer ago than last April or May, in which it was said, that to spea}k of the commerce of England was only to repeat the cry of " Prosperity I prosperity l prosperity 1" I remember it was said in that paper and in other places over and over again that the magnitude of our exports was the surest of all possible tests of our commercial prosperity. I have also heard it said aai and again, "Take care ofyour im, ports, and your exports wilitake care of themselves;' No, in 10 months of 18S5 our exports amounted to 78,087,4311,. That was an enormous, perhaps an inflated amounb of commercial business; but in 1857, during the same space of time-10 months-your exports, that un. varying test of national prosperity by which we are to measure the happiness and welfare of the manufacturing community, have increased to 106,000,000L, being an increase of 28,000,0001 within two years in the single item of exports. Has there been a corresponding increase inthe happiness and comfort of the operativas, inz the wealth of the manufacturers, in the wellbeing of sl persons engaged in those branches ? We are told that with this increasing amount of exports there has been a constantly increasing and almost overwhelming amount of distress. Large as our exports have been yet they have not kept pace with our imports. In the course of threo yeas our exports have been 308,000,000&, wbile our imports have been no less than 468,000,0001., showin a b ance of 169,000,0001. against us in those three years. Well, if your imports have exceeded your exports you must; have been driving a very profitable trade, and must have tha advantage of having about 1i9 000,0001 in your pockets. But the trade has not been so profitable as you seem to imagine. Let me, in the first place, aslk you whether all your imports have been paid fortf (Hear, hear.) We have in the course of the period to wbich I have referred, in consequence of the inequality which prevailed between ther amount of our exports and our imparts, sent out of the' country something like 84,000,0001. in the shape of bullion (hear, hear), and if we happen at this moment to be i n a state of indebtedness it is not solely because the amount oC our exports has been so large, but because our imports are encouraged by the Legbilature in a degree which is out of alt proportion t our exports. (Hear, hear.) Ifthat benotthe cause of the commercial distress which now prevail I should wish to know from Her Majesty's Ministers to what, in their opinion, that distress Is to be attlibuted, and what It is which has rendered necessary the immediate interferenoe of! the Legislature in order to restore confidence to the public. (Hear, hear.) Now, my lords, I approacb. another subject, and one even more serious stil tha4 that to whilc I live just Adyeried; one, too, to thq
HOIUSE OF COMMONS, THURSDAY, DEC. 3. The Lower House met at half-past 1, but for upwards of half-an-hour previously the members had begun to assemble. When the Speal-er entered the House there were nearly 300 members present, and the number every minute afterwards received fresh augmentatlons. Among the earliest arrivals were Mr. Roebuck, Mr. Caird, Mr. Gilpin, Sir Henry Willoughby, Mr. Pugh, Sir J. Duke, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Pease, Colonel Sykes, Mr. Vance, Mr. Locke King, Mr. Warren, Mr. CoUlins, Serjeant ling. lake, Mr. Spooner, Mr. Townsend, and Sir Ers. kine Eerry. Others, including among the rest Mr. Sidney Herbert, Mr. Cardwell, General Codrington, Sir Charles Napier, General De Lacy Evans, Mr. Beresford Hope, Mr. Aspinall Turner, General Peel, Lord Goderich. Mr. Wyld, Mr. Monckton Milnes, and Mr. Adderley, came dropping in at short intervals. For some time the only ocou. pants on the Trossury bench connected with the Government were Mr. Hayter, Mr. Henry Herbert, Mr. Fitzgerald, the Irish Attorney-General, and Mr. Danby Seymour; but these were afterwards joined by Lord Palmerston and MIr. Vernon Smith. The more conspicuous members of the Opposition bench were absent; but Sir W. Joiliffe, Mr. Spooner, Mr. Bsntinck,;and a few others less notable were in their places. Precisely at half-past 1 Lozd Palmerston entered the House, and, quietly making his wey through the crowd of members who stood conversing in groups below the bar, stopped on the floor of the House to shake hands with Sir J, Potter, by whom he was first recognized. The noble lord looked even better than usual, remarkable as his appearance always is in that resDect. His 73 sammers sit lightly upon the Premier's shoulders. He is stll as straight as an arrow, and his step isalmost asbhoyant as that of ra man of 30. The House by this time had become well filled, and the Spea;ker sat in front of the table waiting the usual summons from the Lords. At length, about a quarter past 2 o'colk, the loud hum of conversation was broken by the cry of " Black Rod! " and Mr. Pulman, the Yeomau lUsher, there. upon immediately entered the House. Advancing to the table with the usaal ceremony, he delivered his mes. sage in these terms: -" Mr. Speaker,-The Queen com. mands this hon. House to attend Her Mjesty immediately in the House of Peers." He then retired with the same formalities, and the Speaker, aompanied by Lord Palmerston and the rest of the member4 present1 l thq ooz R wrU t names were taken from the ballot-box, and caled out by the elrk- At the table, proceeded in a body to the bar of the Houte of Lords. On their return at half-past 2 o'clock the House adjourned until a quarter to 4 o'clock. The sitting was resuned at that hour. NEW EEMBERS. Mr. BYNG and Mr. W. T. Fox took the oaths and their seats, the former on his electon for Middlesex, in the place of Lord Robere Grosvenor (now Lord Ebury), and the ltter on his retarn for Oldham, in the room of Mr. Platk, deceased. The usual sessional orders were then agreed to. NEW WRITS. On the motion of Mr. H.YTra, new writs were directed to issue for the borough of Harwich, in the place of Major Warburton,decoased;forpaisley,intheroomof Mr.Arehibald Hastle, deceased; and for the Eastern Dlvision of Kent, in the place of Sir Edward Dering, who slnce his election had accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of Her Majesty's manor of North Stead. On the motion of Mr. KX1GoRTLY, a neW writ was directed to isue for the Northern Division of Northamptonshire, in the room of Mr. Augustus Stafford, deceased. On the motion of lMr.T. B3ARmG, a new writ was ordered for Thetford, in the room of the Hon. Francis Baring, who, since his election had accepted the office of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds. OUTLAWRY BILL. The Oatlawry Bill was brought in and read a first time. BANK INDEMNITY BILL. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER gave notice that to-morrow he would move that the House should reeolve itself into a committee of the whole House, with the view of introducing a Bill for.indemnifying the Directors of the Bank of England. He also gave notice that he would afterwards move the reappointment of the Bank Committee of last session. (Cheera.) NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. HMADLAM gave not3ce that on Tuesday next he would move that the principle of unlimited liability forced upon joint-stook banks gave rise to a species of credit dangerous in its character, prejudicla to their management, and injurious to the public. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. WILLIAMS gave notice that he would move on au early day that, in the opinion of the House, real property and property in tithes ought to pay the same probate duty as that now payable on personal property, and that the property of corporations, universities, colleges, bishoprica and deans and chapters ought to pay a duty, equivalent to the probate and legacy duty now levied upon personal pro. perty. General PEEL gave notice that upon the motion for the adjournment of the House to-morrow he would ask the Uinder-Secretary of War what had been the result of the Inquiry instituted by the military authorities into the operation of the Army Warraut of August the 11th, 1854, and what steps bad been taken to remedy the injustice thereby committed. Colonel SYKES gave notice that he would to-morrow move for returns of the rovenue derlved from taration in India from 1852 to 1856, distingaishing the amo.nt of land revenue obtained from each presidency in 1855; also, a return of the annual expenditure for ecclesiastical objects in India from 1837 to the latest period. ENGLISH ENGINEERS AT NAPLES. Mr. M. MILNES gave notice that on the motion for adjournment to-morrow he should put a question to Her Majesty's Government relative to the detention of British engineers by the Government of the Two Sicilies. (Cher) JEWISH DISABILITIES. Lord J. RUSSELL gave notice that on Thursday next he should move that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole House to consider the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, and the disabilities affecting Her Majesty's Jewish subjeots. (Cheers from the Ministerial benches. Mr. W. WILLIAMIS gave notlce that on the motion for going into committee on the army and navy estimates he should move that the estimates be referred to a select com. mittee. The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQlUER, in conformity with ancient usage, having brought in a BillproformQ, in order to vindicate the right of the House to transaet business prior to the considerstion of Her Majesty's Speech, The SPEAKER read to the House a copy of the Queen's Speech. THE ADDRESS. Mr. W. MARTIN (who wore the uniform of his Yeomanry Cavalry corps) said that in rising to move au Address in answer to Her Majesty's mosb gracious speech, he felt that although he had been for some years a member of that House, yet he had been so little in the habit of addressing it that he needed almost as great a measure of its indulgence as those who addressed it for the first time. They had been told in gentle terins by Her Majesty the reason that Parliament had been assembled at an unusual period of the year,-that distrust of the most aggravated character had arisen in a large portion of the mercantile community, and that but for the measures that Her Majesty's Ministers had thought it right to adopt wide-spread disastrs would, in their opinion, have ensued. Parliament had also been informed in the speech from the Throne that it was the intention of tho Government to submit an Act of Indenmity for them selves for having recommended that the law should be violated, and to the Directors of the Bank of Engiand for having violated the law. He believed it would be foundthat in strictness the Act of Indemnity would only apply to those who hadhbeen guilty of a violation of the lawr-viz., the Directors of the Bank of England; but Her Majesty's Ministers had felt that as they had authorized the act of the ! Directors they ought in candour to bear the consequences of their advice, and to submit themselves as it were to a trial before Parliament and the country. He thought that in so doing they bad taken a wise and manly course, and that no Minister of this country would ever regret the error, if so it could be caUed, of being overscrupulous in observing the forms of the constitution of this country, and guarding against the slightest appearance of having violated it. It was well known that the particular law which had been violated was the Act of 1844, introduced by the late Sir Robert Peel for the regulation of the currency. The main object of that law was to put the currency on a sound basls, so as to insure the convertibility at all times of the notes of the Bank of England into the coin which they promised to pay. It had for its further object to assimilate, as far as possible, the action of a joint currency of gold and paper to that of a currency of gold alone. These two objects had been accomplished by restricting the issue of the Bank on credit to 14,500,0001., s7hich sum had beenselected'because itvery nearly repreeentedthe minimum amount of notes that ever remained in circulation after a call had arisen for gold. It was therefore presumed that at no fature zime would it be possible, or at nU events I likely, that gold would be demanded for that amount of notes. The remainder of the note circulation of the Bank was only to be issued in exchange for bulion actuaUy lodged in the coffers of the Bank, and It was therefore concluded that the ebbing and flowing of the notes which represented that bullion would be such wa would ocoar it no notes beyond 14,500,OOOb had at all existed. The system had been In action for some years, and seemed to have glven very general satisfaction to the mercantUe world. It was true that there were some eminent dissontients from the policy of theAct, but when they looked to the evidence which had recently been given before a committee of that House by the hon. member for Southampton (Mr. Weguelin), by Mr. Norman, and by Mr. Hubbard, who reprenented that the Act commanded the cordial concurrence of tbe directora of the Bank of England as a body, and when, added to their evidence, they had the testimony of so able a financier as Lord Overstone, he was he thought justified in saying that in its main provision the Act was satisfactory to the most eminent members of the mercantile community. (lear, hear.) Nevertheless it was trne that the operation of the Act had twice been suspended. The frst suspension took plce in 1847. It appeaxed that previous to that time there had been a considerable amount of speculation. There had also been a considerableinvestment of the capital of the country in railway speculations, and, in addition to those two causes, which were very powerfu in themselves, came the failure of our own harvest and the failure of the Irish potato harvest, which necesditated the importation of food for the use of the population, requiring no less a sum of money than 33,000,0001. to pay for it. Even those enormous drains would, in all probability, have been surmounted if, concurrently with them, a panic had not arisen in the money-market. The panic in the moneymarket in 1847 appeared capable of being assigned to the fact that the merantile community were not aware of the usual action of the reserve of the Bank-that they did not perceive that it was reduced to an unuually low point by the payment of the dividends. Whatever might be the truth in that particular-and such was the view maintained by Mr. Hubbard-it was certain that the very issue of the celebrated letter of the Government in 1847 allayed the panic. Although the Government of that day, as the Government of this day, authorized the Bank directora to exceed the limits imposed on them by Act of Parliament, not a single note in excess was issued in 1847, and, if he might use the expression, the money-market righted itself by its own inherent elasticity. (Hear.) What was done at that time had the cordial concurrence of the late Sir B.. Peel, the author of the principles embodied in the Act of 1844. Although not usually supportingthe Government then inpower, Sir R. Peel very honourably rose in his place in Parliament and gave his sanction to the course which had been taken, saying that panic was not to be legislatedfor orreasonedwith, but met from timeto time by special andexceptional means, and that he thought the Government justified in the precise means which they had adopted on that occasion. Fom 1847 to the present time, notwithstanding that teh war with Rusia entailed a beavy cost on this country to maintain troopa in the Crimea and required reittances to the extent of 60,000,0001., the Act was continued to be maintained, and no inconvenience was felt which was fairly traoeable to Its operab9n, Bu.i In tlQ pree~sst year , etie of things occurred very similar to thb.t *hiob occurred in 1847. An enormous drain of bulim' to the East Indies and China went on for monihss, and then came one of the greatest commercial di3esters which } d ever vlsied a commercial country, the crisis in the lUnited States of America-a disaster so great that ito effects were not limited to this country, but, as he saw by the papers of that tnorning, were more severely felt ln Hamburg than in London. The drain of 1857, also, would in all human probability have been surmounted without any 'violat0on of the law or abrogation for the time of thesystem of 184A4 if it haLd not been that panic supervened; for, as he was informed upon the best authority, late in October the position of the Bank was satisfactory. There were foar millions of reserves against three millons of deposits, and the exchanges .had turoecd in favour of this country, when dissters beganto occur inthe north of England-flistby the failure of the Liverpool Borough Bank, and then by the failure of Messrs. Dennistonn aud Co. Those failures were foUowed by the failure of a large bank in Glasgow, not only having a large amount of depts, but a right of issue to the extent of no less than 500, Other failures of a similar character continued to occur to such an extent that mercantile confidenoe was shaken. Every bank, every discount house, and mamost every trader looked to strengthen their resources, and to put themselves in a safe position, by which means the immense amount of capital usually employed in the discount of mercantile bills ias reduoed, nd a pressure occasined unequalled in the history of mercantile calamities. When they reflected that the amount of the floating fund which was usnally invested In discounts had been estimated at 200,000,000?, and by more moderate calculations at lW,0:,001:or 130,000,0003?., the House would at once perceive that a derangement of5 or 10 per cent, wonld withdraw from the mercantile community capital equal to 6,000,000w. -more probably amounting to 12 ,000,0001. The four mAn. lions of reserve which the Bank possessed against their deposits having been reduced to 2,000,000C., and the mercantile pressure continuing to such a degree that the discount houses could not go on discounting without the assistance of the Bank, sand the Bank being so exhausted It could not assist the discount houses, the Bank of England he believed applied to the Government, and under those aggravated circumstanoes Her Majesty's Ministers felt im. peratively called on to relax the existing law. A letter was addressed to the Bank, authorizing the issue of notes with. out the restriction as to the amount of bullion which the law required, and under that letter an issue immediately took place, amounting to 2,000,0001., and the Bank discounts were auqmentedno less than 6,000,000u. If they compared one crisis with the other, it] would at once be manifest, that the crisis of 1857 was far sfuperior to the crlsis of 1847 and that if in the estimation of all mercantile authoriti;s the Government of 1847 were justified, a fortior-i the Government of the noble lord was justified in issuing the letter to which he had referred. HIe therefore felt no doubt that the Act of Indemnity sought by the Government and the Bank would be cheerfully accorded and passed, without a division, by both Houses of Parliament. (Hear.) EAer Majesty called to their notice the distress which had been suffered and was stll being suLffered by a large portion of the labouring population. her Majesty expressed her cordial sympathy with them, and he was sure the House would not be behindhand In testifying its concurrence with Her Majesty in that expression of her sympathy. They had often seen privationsarlsingfrom similar causes submitted to by the labouring classes with a patience so exemplary as to excite the admiration of the whole of Europe. He had no doubt that the same patience would be exhibited by themnow. They wemed conscions that relief must come with the revival of mercantile pros.- perity and mercantile enterprise, and he also hoped they Iwere aware that, if anything could be done for their relief in the way of legislation, neither that nor the other House of Parliament would be remiss in supporting Her Majestys Ministers in any proposal made with that objet (Hear, hear.) Their attention was next called to the topic of the late occurrences in India. Her MUajesty expressed her sympathy with those, alas, too numerous persons who had suffered bereavements by those calamities, and he was certain that House would not be slow to testify their sympathy together with the sympathy of Her Majesty for the victims of the Indian mutiny. (Hear, hear.) It was painful enough wben soldiers fell in battle or relatives were removed by the ordinary operations of disease. But when they regarded the aggravated circumstances under which their fellow-countrymon and feiow-countrywomen had come to their ends at the hands of miscreants, who, with a degree of cruelty unapprecdable in its full atrocity, exhausted all the inventions of malice to increase the sufferings of their victims by every form of bodily and mental torture, he thought they had such an incentive as was never given by any former calamity to join most heartily in the feelings so graciously expressed by Her Majesty of commiseration and smpathy. (Cheers.) The next topic to which Her Majesty directed the attention of Parliament-the successes of our troops in India-was of a more cheering character. It the unparalleled difficulties with which those troops had had to contend were ta,ken into consideration, more particularly the manner in which they were dispersed over the country, without any warning or suspicion of what was going to happen, no limits could be set to our admiration of the gallantry with which throughout the length and breadth of the country, they had made head against what might almost have been supposed to be an overwhelming force. (Cheers.) Nothing could be more adrmirable than the patient calmness with which Sir Archdale Wilson had maintained himself before Delhi-the besieged rather than the besieger-for so many long weeks, until he received reinforcements which, though ilender in themselves, yet made success possible to a handful of daring men. (Cheers.) Nothing could be fner than his final assault, which was ultimately successful in driving the enemy from their stronghold. In another part of the country Sir Hen Havelock (cheers), alternately advancing and retrea wit erual judgment and daring, until he had attained his desired object of throwing relief into beleaguered Lucknow.had gained imperishable laurels. Who had not admired the sel -devotion and chivalrous feeling with which Sir James Outram, though the senior commanding officer, had consented, or rather offered to accompany General Havelock in his civil capacty until he had perfected this great achievement t (Cheers.) The House would not need to be reminded of the personal acts of self-devotion of such men as Lieute. nants Villoughby, Home, and Salk-eld; of Sergeants Carmlchael and Smith; and of Corporal Burgess. The House would agree with Her Majesty in admiration for the zeal and courage displayed by the civil service in India, by such men as the Lawrences and Colvil, and by those who acted under their orders. There was nothing in history more touching than the story of Lieutenant Osborne, the nolitical agent at Rewaah, related in the papers of yesterday,-living in his tent alone 100 miles from any European, in such a state of illness from liver complaint that he was unable to lie down on his bed, surrounded by mutineers who daily threatened to put him to death by torture, and nevertheless enabled by his energy to hold his own, defended alons by the threat-which he would undoubtedly have realized-to take six lives before his own, and in that position havingstilinfluence enough to induce those who had no communication with the mutineers to do his bidding and carry his messages so loDg as they wre not prevented by physical force. The names of these men were received with a thrill of admiration and gratitude wherever they were heard throughout the country. He could not bettr sum up his own feelings with regard to the great aalities which had been displayed by Englishmen in the :ast lthan by quoting the words used by the Roman poet in reference to his own countrymen:- 'Felix prole virfim: qualis Berecynthia mater 'Invehitur curru Phrygias turrita per urbes, "Lteta Deaim partn, centum complexa nepotes, "QOunes ocelicolas, omnes supera alta tenentes."' Her Majesty assured Parliament that when the arrival of strong reinforcements had enabled the Indian authorities to trample out the last sparks of rebellion, papers would be laid on the table which would enable them to direct their attention to the amelioration of the government of India. When the time ardved that House, ho was confident, would apply Itself to that task in no spirit of faction. It would remember that it was legislating for the destinies of 150,000,000 of fellow subjects, and that consideration alone would induce it to enter upon that important duty calmly and deliberately, with ai honest desire to devise such reforms as should be for the lasting welfare of the inhabitants of that great empire. The hand of an overruing Providence was plainly conspicuous in all these events. (Hear). It was plainly shown, he could not help thinking, that India had been committed to our charge for no ordinary purpose, and it would be the duty of this country to conduct itself with Christian energy but with Christian discreton, so as not to mar that course of events which =eemed to shape itself-as though directed by an invisible hand-to the ultimate fulfilment of a great and happy destiny, the consummation of which he confidently believed would be the spread of our own blessed religion throughout the length and breadth of that land. Aer Majesty had alluded in her. gracious Speech to the loyalty of the great bulk of the population, and the obligations under which we lay to those native potentates who stiUl held the rank of independent sovereigns. The friendly and cordial spirit with which these princes had acted towards us merited the gratitude of this country, and had been of material service to us in holding oat against this extended revolt. Her Majesty had been graciously pleased to inform her Parliament that the whole of Europe was in a state of peace, and to this information was added the assurance that the only poin' of importance which remained to be settled was theoquestion of theDaoublanPrincipalties.That questionwasnowin trainfor settlement, and it wvs to be hoped that the arrangement arrived at would be such as while respecting the rinhts of the Sultan would confer on the population of Nose Principalities the privileges best fitted for the existing state of things among them and most conducive to their ultimate happiness andprosperity. Her Majesty next informed Parliament that the Shb~ of Persia had faithfully carried out the treaty which had been entered into, and that his troops had been withdrawn from the territory of Herat, On our side, Mohammerah and Bushire had been evacuated, and iarrack, he belIeved, vould not remain much longer in our occupation. The next subject to which Her ajesty's Spoeech alluded was the Estimates for the ensuing year. In this part of the Speech tho House would notice that there was a slight difference from the ordinary language. Owing to the early period at which Parliament had been summoned together these esti- mates were not yet complete, and they were spoken of in the Speech in the future tense. Her Majesty gave Parlia- ment the satisfactory assurance that they would bo constructed with a view to the exigencies of the country-a right view in his opinion to be taken in forming the estimates, because it seemed to indicate that, while there would be no extravagance, there would at the same time be no shrinkiDg from the legitimate expenditure which wP s really wanted for the purposes of the country. Her Maiesty's Government had also announced that it was their intention in the ensuing ession of Parliament to tako into their consideration that great and important subject-] the representation of the people of this country, (laear, hear,) e congratulated the house and the country upon the energy with which the noble lord at the head of the Government had made an opportunity, in spite of theoanay arduous duties which had pressed to heavily on his time for taking into his consideration that complicated and im- portant question, thus fulfiing the pledge wh:.ch he had iven to the public, that he would in the enslng session Iirwg fovwartl ^ mePsnr ou tho subject, HQ (lir, Mltli) raction, from what had taken place In that country, that the comnmeroial spirit of the nation had not weakened its mnartial vigour (hear hear), and he would add that auaong IU0 portion of the population of this oountry did there exis; more sympathy for the deeds, the sufferings/ and ptlvations of the English army than wras to be found in the manu1acturng diatricts. (Elear, hear.) Tbe working classes had relatives nd friends of their own in the Britisb army, and they were proudofthegallant bearing of their friends. With respect the Go7ernment of ludia, it ought to be a dmple and aupreme Government (hear, hear)-* Government which, while it possessed ample power to vindicate its authority, would, at the same time, exertitself to develope theresouroes ,of the country by encouraging the grow'h of cotton, by the construction of railwaYs and canals, and by promoting the void commnerce of that continent. (ear, hear.) He rejoiced tbat on the subject of reform the Government had redeemed their pledge. He, for his own part, hoped that the coming measure would be a large measare, and that it -would, without giving predominance to any particular class, include an infusion of honest working men. That would be to revert to the old principle of the constilution; and he was sure that the best of the working class would compare to advantage with the small tradesmen as regarded not only ability, but also devotlon to the interests of the country. (Hear, hear.) He was glad also to see that the Government had determined to carry on the work of law reform, and, although no mention had been made in the SpeechfrouitheThrone of any reform in that branch of the law which chiefly had refer. ence to commercialinteresta-namely,the bankruptcy and insolvency laws, he hoped that some measure upon that mubject would be introduced, and he felt sure that if It were it would be received in a favo-urable spirit by those connected with mercantile pursuits. Upon the subject of the :anublan Principalities he would not enter further than to say, that the free navigation of the Danube would be a great ienefit to commerce. He was unaccustomed to address that House, and perhaps he might not adapt himself to the ttone of the House, but he could conscientiously state that In what he said he expressed his sincere conviction (hear, ihear), and whatever opinious he had expressed he had never ialled to act up to to the best of his ability. (Hear, hear.) Although he might not altogether obtain the ear of that ,flonse, he was sure that he should be sustained by the opinion of those with whom lhe had been all his life connected (hear, hear), and he wreuld conclude by joining in the prayer with which the Speech from the Throne termil coatd, " That it would please God to promote the happiness and prosperity of the people of this country." (Chcers) The Address having been read from the chair, Mr. DISRAELI rose and said,-I think, Sir, that the vurprise at this autumnal meeting of Parliament has not been limited to the people of the country, or even to the Independent members of this House, but that it must in some degree have been felt and shared In by Her Majesty's Ministers themselves. It appears that upon the 4th of November a Privy Council was held, the result of which was that Her -Majesty was xecommended to prorogue Parliament to the 18th of December (then not to meet for the despatch of business), vwhle 12 days later the Government found themselves under the necessity of recommending Her Mfajesty to call Parliaiment together for the transaction of business of great importance. The hon. gentleman who seconded the Address fs, I am sure, under no necessity to apologize for his speech. tWear, hear.) The sabject of which he treated is one upon which he has had much practice, and with regard to which he jIossesses considerable knowledge, and it is one of great Interest to the House at the present period, and more espe. cily to those hon. gentlemen connected with commerce. Well, Sir, that hon. gentleman, in his reply-and, I think, bis able reply-to the speech of the mover of the Address ("H ear," and laughter), has informed us that on the 4th of October the difficulty had commenced, and that in the middle of that month there was actual danger; and yet at the beginning of Novemuber Her Majesty's Ministers recom. muended the prorogation of Parliament to the 18th of December, even then not for the despatch of business, and then find, a few days later, that it is absolutely necesary to rescind their re solution, and not only to rescind it and call :Parliament together at an earlier period, but themselves to perform an act of a very extraordinary charaoter. (Hear.) Now,what we wish to know is, what was the opinion of Her Majesty's Ministers in October and November respecting the state and conditlon of the commerce of the.country ? I appzehend that that would be a subject which would almos primarily occupy the attention and consideration of the Minister of the greatest commercial country in the world. No doubt there are other subjects of great Importance soliciting and demanding anxious consideration by Her Majesty's Ministers. They might have been msturing the PReform Bill,though they had considerable opposition to that effort, or they might have been continuing their energetic efforts to add to the forces of the gallant Wilson andathe intrepid Havelock; but, even under those circumstances, I should have thought Her Majesty's Ministers would have given some inqutry to the condition of the commerce of the country. There ls a member of the Cabinet whose peculiar duty it is at all times, and under all circumstances,to study our commercial condition. The Presiclent of the Board of Trade, I apprehend, wag present at the deliberations of the Cabinet w hen the prorogation of Parliament was decided upon, and I take it for granted that he conmmunicated to Her Majesty's Ministers the concluslons be had arrived at, no doubt by painful investigation and b3y deep thought. (A laugh.) I take it for granted the President of the Board of Trade said to his collaagues,-" Be easy so far as the commerce of the country is concerned; be quite sure of its domestio tranouillity, and be easy respecting the condition of the working classes. The commerce of the country I established on a sound basis. We have now no old-fashioned protective restrictions to thwart its development (a laugh); we have established it on that principle of urstricted competition which you have all agreed to maintain. It is not only proved by its immense extent, by the increase of our exports and imports, that the principles of our commercial system are sound; but I ean tell you not only that our rade is extensive, but that It was never in so healthy a condition as it is at present." That must have been the reommendation on which Her Majesty's Ministers acted, notwithstanding aU that 'was ocourring in the countrynotwithstanding that early in October serious difficulties had commenced in the commercial world, that in the middle of that month danger had accrued, and that at the time when the Council which fixed the prorogation was sitting oecarrences were taking place tending to shake to Its very eontre the whole of our commnercial system. (HEar, hear.) I say Her Majesty's Ministers must have acted on conclusions quite the reverse before they could have taken the course that they have done. But under what cirecu stances do we meet now? Her Majesty's Ministers have thought proper to violate an existing lhw, and one of the highest importance. I do not want to enter to-night into the question as to whether the temporary or permanent abolition of that law is expedient. Ithink I rightly interpret the feeling of the House when I conclude that a currency debate is not one which they wish this night to pursue (hear, hear), and that on an occasion when we are considering the response we ought to make to a Speech from the Throne it would be highly inconvenient that we should take the opportunity of incidentallr discussing a subject of so much importance, which demands a precise treatment and a concentration of attention. (Hear, hear.) But, without enterlng into any controversy on the principles on whioh the monetary circulation of this country ought to be conducted, we are asked to-night, or rather we have notice given that we shall be asked, to grant a Bill of Indemnity to Her Majesty's Ministers for departing from an existing law with regard to that important subject. I know it is too often the habit of this House when a Bill of Indemnity is the question before us to treat it as a very light matter. It is generaly supposed that when such a Bill is asked for it will be conceded as a matter of course, and that no opposition to it will be attempted, and therefore it is a matter which is treated lightly; but the fact Is, that a BiU of Indemnity is of so grave a character that it should never be so treated. On the contrary, when accorded, it should be accorded liberally, and even generously, but it should never be accorded lightly. This House should never agree to a BIll of Indemnity, especially such a one as this, without well weighing the circumstances under which the Infraction of the law has taken place. Ten years ago,-to which reference has been made by the hon. gentlemen the mover and seconder of the Address,there vas a technical difficulty, but not an identical state of affairs with the present. There was not then a violation of the law, but virtualy there was one, for Her Majesty's Ministers had adopted the responsibility of recommending an infraction of the law. I ask any hon. gentleman whether he has a clear idea of the circumstances under which the Government then asked, and in consequence of which they recommended, the suspension of an important Act, and were obliged to come to Parliament, not absolutely to obtain a Bil of Indemnity, but its sanction to the advice they had given ? We were then told that immense calamities would hove occurred had not the Bank of England appealed, and not unsuccessfully, to the inter. ference of the Government. But by the evidenco taken only last session upon this very subject, 10 years after the event-eviden-c given by some of the most considerable witnesses, men who have held the high office of Governor of the Bank-we find that in 1847 the Bank of England made no appeal to Her Majesty's Ministers (hear, hear), that they never asked for their interference, that they even protested ginst that interferenoe, that they did not require protection, and that they were prepared in 1847 not only to maintin the convertibility of their bask-notes, bnt even to protect the deposits which had been intrusted to their custody. (Hear, hear.) Now, what evidence have we that the same circumstances have not occurred at the present mo3aent? So far as the language of Her Majesty's gracious Specch would guide us I should be induced to believe that theBankhhavenotappealedforassiatance tothe Government. (Eear, hear.) There welearnthat " the failureof oertainjointsitock banksa and of tomo mnercantile firmss produced slg a extent of distrust as led Her Majesty to authorize her Ministers to recommend to the Directors of the Bank of England the adoption of a course of proceeding which appeard necessary for allaying the prevalent alman" It is therefore evident that the Government recommerded the Bank to suspend the law and to pass the limits fixed by the exitng statute; and therefore when Her Miajest Ministers come forward and ak for a Bill of Indemnity I think I am only recommending a prudent and a proper course when I say that we ought, as the condition of grmting such a Bill, to require a declaration froma the Governmnent of the circumstances which induced them to recommend this policy, and of the reasons which they beliove sufficient to render the pursuance of this policy ueceary. (Cheers.) Now, Sir, from recent disoussions,and from the Investigations of a committee of this House which sat for some time on the subject, the House is so familiar with the whole scheme of the Bank Charter Act of 1841 that I need only allude to its existence. The House is also awae that among those who are resolved to support the practicl convertibility of the bank-note-a principle which I trust a majority of this House will always support (cheers) though, from the launguage of the hon. seconder of the Address, if he represents the opinions of the Government, I won't at all answer for the conduct of Her Majesty's Ministers-bat the House is aware that among those who are in perfect accordance of opinion on that great principle there are stiU many men of the highest authority, not inferor to any of those statesmen or literay economists who have obtained such celebrity from their connexion with the Act of 1844, who dispute the very principle on which that Act is founded, and to the falacy of that prinolple attribute the occurrence, or the aggregation rather, of those evils which have been referred to, nd which have given to a committee of this House ample evidence in support of their opinions. I offer no opinion of my own on the subject on this occasion, wfhen by common consent we are not to be considered as engaged in a currency debate; but it is the duty of Her Mlajesty's Minbters, or of men who aspire to be Ministers, or have any following in this House, to have on these points of controversy and in this conflict of opinions a distinct and definite judgment. I lean with great regret that the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given notice that to-morrow he will move to introduce this Bill of Indemnity in committee, and also that he wil move for a committee to consider the operation of the Bank Charter Act of 1844. What happened in 1847? In 1847 the country was paniostruck and half ruinod. Parliament was called together, and the country looked to it for the expression of some distinct opinion. A committee was appointed. Ten years have elapsed. The same occurrences take place. Parliament is again called together; and what is Parliament, and what are Ministers -the most influential members of Parliament, about to do ? (Hear, hear.) Again they are going to evade doing that which is the great daty of every statesman in this country-to lay down in this House the opinion which they have formed on this subject as to the course which they think is just and necessary, and to call onthe House to maintain that opinion. (Hear.) Instead of that we are to have another committee on the Bank Charter Act of 1844; and I suppose that in 1867 after a repetition of the same mtichances and tie same miseries, the same fruitless and bootless process will be adopted of appointing a committee on that subject in this House. (Hear, hear.) Before the Bank Oharter Act was passed you had a committee on the subject of the issue of bank-notes. It was a committee ostensibly appointed to prepare the public mind, to Wnform Parliament on the question, and lead to the adoption of that project. A great body of evidence was offered, mainly by the supporters of those views which were afterwards embodied in the Act of 1844. You had that body of evidence placed before you. In consequence of the report of that committee you passed the Act of 1844; but only three years elapsed when yon were obliged indirectly to suspend the Act, and then you appointed a committee of inquiry. (Hear, hear.) You again collected evidence, and evidence of the highest clas, from all quarters, from the representatives of all schools and the professors of all doctrines upon the subject. (Hear, hear.) fou came to the begining of the present year, and again another committee was appointed. Thus you had had three committees. A crash comes, and now we are again called on to inquire upon the most important subject that can possibly interest this country (hear, hear), becAuse, though we are called here suddenly merely to consider the violation of an Act of Parliament from a sense of duty on the part of Government, it is a very great and importnt programme of policy that is placed in our hands. (Hear, hear.) These are no mean or unimportant subjects that re placed on this paper. This is not a Queen's Speech like some documents of the Idnd that it has been my fate to criticize from this table, embodying an ambitions enumeration of very petty questions. (Hear, hear.) You have it expressed in somewhat mystical phrase, but, according to the expositions of the authorities of the evening, we are called on to consult about the form of government of the greatest of our dependenoies (heart hear) ; we are to consider how we can reconstruct the constitution of this House ("hear, hear," and a hugh); and we are also to consider the principle on which the currency of this country ought to be established. (Hear, hear.) Now, I say without any hesitation that of these three important subjects the one that is bound up In the discussion of thisl Act of indemnity is the most important. (Hear, hear.) You may regain an empire you have lost, ou may alter and not improve the constituent body of this House ki laugh); but a currency established upon just prinoiples is in its application the most general inflence that can posslbly affect society. (Hiear! hear.) It touches all classes, and men who are dull and Insensible to imperial grandeur or even to politioal rights have a very nice and fine interest in the decision we may come to on this transcendently important question. (Hear, hear.) Is this is a subject on which Her Majesty's Ministers ought to have made up their minds. (Hear, hear.) Are Her Majesty's Ministers going to stand bythe Bank Charter Actof 1844, or arethey not? (Cheers.) That is really the question which the country wishes them to answer. If they are going to stand by the Bank Charter Act of 184, I aholl mysef hesitate before I can agree to the Bill of indemnity, because. I do not think they were then justified, In departin from the letter of the law. If, on the other han, thev are not going to stand by the Ba Charter Act-f they bave a policy-if they come forward and tell us they are prepared to make amendments in that Act because they are convinced they are necessary, and did not hesitate at a moment of suffering and emergency to recommend the suspensien of the law-then, I say, we mast not be scrupulous about this Bill of indemnity, but grant it without reserve or reluotanoe, and wait with respect for the propositions which Her MajesWs Ministers are going to make. (Hear, hear.) Bat if, after all the country has gone through, we are to do exactly that which we were doing before these diffioulties and dangers and all this vadilationoccured,itappearstoamethatweshould forfeittheconfidence and respect of the country. (Hear.) And if indeed the noble lord wants to lay a good ground for an extensive measure of Parliamentary reform, I think he could have no better than to be able to say that the representatives of the people met in consequence of the summons of the Sovereign to consider a great emergency, and that they could ao nothing hut follon the same fruitless, bootless ceremony that we Were tUrSaig before the lato events occu (A takenug. on me no doubt that hon. gentlemen have during the reoess given some attention to the labonrs of their conmitte on the Bank Charter Act. I make no doubt there re many gentlemen in this House whose studies and researches on the subject have not been limited to the inquiries of that committee. I have no doubt, from the interest they have taken on the subject, that they have gone back to the report of the committee of 1847 and to that of 1840, and made themselves acquainted, as the seconder of the Address announces he has done, w7ith the labours of the Committee of the HIouse of lords on the same subject. Nowr, I ask those who have taken this Dalus -including, I have no doubt, the majority of thosel addresswhether in the report of the committee of last session, though it contains a great body of evidence, distinguished bt the knowledge which it brin to bear upon the question, by the thought it displays, andthe commandlgand sufficient information which it givesas the basew of legislation -they have found a single new fact ora single new principle! (Hear, hear.) Not one; andIdefyanyman tobringmore information, or to imagine more theories than were sub. mitted to the scrutiny and sagacious criticism of that committee. (Hear, hear.) You have Lord Overstone before you, a man of commanding intellect, and who is singularly happy in the expression of abstract ideas; you have him conveying, in masculine lge, the conclusions at which he has arrived with his peculiar powers of investigation. (Hear, hear.) But are we to have the evidence of Lord Overstone in 1857 repeated in 1858 before this projected conmmitttee, which I trust the House wfill not grant! (Hear, hear.) Then you have Tooke and his pupi1J who represent his opinions. Nothing can be more extensive than their exertions, nothing more painstaking or iustructlve than their investigations, (Hear, hear.) ~I do not think that in the literature of any country there is to be found a mass of economical knowledage arranged with greater careful. ness, or compiled with greater accuracy, or the results of which are placed with such admirable lucidity, than Tooke has exhibited in his great work on prices. (Hear, hear.) I see experienced statesmen, who have sat in this House for a long period of years, who have been members of the committees to which I have referred, and taken part In all the great debates on the currency and on the principles on which the circulation of .the country should be estiblished -men thoroughly competent to understand any subject, and to enhghten and guide this House; and am Ito be told that the moment when of all others it is important that this subject should ne longer be left in uncertainty, In that state in which it has remained for 10 years, all of us are to give up any attempt at Its solution in despair, and that we are to allow it to drift on and drift on tMll fresh calamities and renewed disasters occur, when we may be forced into measures which we may all deplore? (Hear.) 'Under these circumstances I must express my hope that Her Majoestys Ministers wll reconsider tho notice that they have given us this evening through the Chanoellor of the Exchequer. I hope that MiniAtrs will frankly answer the question whether they intend to stand by the Bank Charter Act or not. If they do intend to stand by the Bank Charter Act without amaendment and withoiutmitigation, I hope they Wi communicate fraukly and fully to the House the circumstances under which they thought themselves justified in recommending the suspension of an Act which, If they stand by it. they must consider one of vital benefit to the country. I do not see how they wjustify the advice they then Rave if they now tell us " that Act we are prePared to uphold." If, OnL theo ot-her handl they aunounLc4, that while they ask for a Bill of inde' a step which they thought wou efor e they havenot huttheir eyes to what as ocurre; tha theyhavebeeni learning thelesonsof xpeiene, nd hatthy are prepared to recomen a easre or he dopionof Parliament which willbe remdy or cknoleded gievnce, wthich will preen th agrvatonefa smiarprgmse~and ns~ i their opinion is a just fair and scientifLo settlement of the difficulty-then it will be the duty of Parliament to acord them that Bill of Indemnity without delay, and to assist the Government in the solution of the difficulty. (Hearr) Bat against the course whioh has been intimated to-night I humbly and earnestly protest and if hon, gentlemnen who are anxious that the Bank Charter Act shall remain untouched and uncriticized support the Government in this course, I think they are taking a course perilous to those sound principles of currency which they dsh to ee upheld. I will say, indeed, that nothing can be more injan rious to the policy that they wish to uphold than to allow a law to exist whioh in moments of emergency Is always sospendend, and whioh in moments of tranquillity Is always submitted to committees of the House of Commons. (Laughter and cheers.) That is a monstrous state of affairs for an existing law of sucoh a character, and I ho that before these discussions nre finished, conducting them, as I tru we shall do, with the utmost temperateness, we may induce the Government to take that course which will be for their own honour and for the benefit of the country. (Cheers.) Sir, there are severaL subjects which I shaU feeL it my duty to touch upon to-night, It must be a source of the greatest satisfaction if my interpretation of one of the paragrapbs in the Speech from the Throne be correct-I mean that which declares that our relations wlth our neighbours are of an amicable chazraoter. I qualfy my remarks by ssuming that my Interpretation is right, for I am bound to say that the passage has been differently understood. The paragraph is as bloows :-" The nations of Europe re in the enjoyment of the blessings of peace, which nothing seems likely to disturb." Now, several of my friends have put upon this passage an interpretation that may be correct, but which I, taking a more hopeful vTiew, can sarcely suppose to be accurate. They seem to think that an expreson of regret is conveyed in that pararph (a laugh)-as if the noble lord (Palmerston) had sadd, "I have done all I could, but we are stiU at peace (Laughter.) For the first time I am completely foiled. have done my best, but the turbulent and aggressive olic has failed. We are in for It, and we are atl Continued laughter and cheers I perceive that th iterpretation is accepted by the House. But there was a considerable hance of tranquillity in out foreign relations, and I entered into that belief, but about a month ago, when Parliament had been prorogued to the Greek Kalends, and just when Her MIajesty's Ministers were going to Tiolate an Act of Parliament, there occurred a great anniversary, which in this country is not only of social but political Importance, and as such is appre elated by all parties. lhe occasion is one when alL the head men of the country attend, and which duringthe absence of Parliament affords an opportunity for the hinister of the Crown to give that information which in a free land like this ought to be imparted to thepeoplc. The right hon gentleman 'Who is at the he of the magistracy of the city Is a member of this House, and fortunately sits on this side of it, and he will correct me if I am inaccurate. When the noble lord attended that anniversary I own I shared the pervading alarm that we were about to be involved again i those difficulties in which we have generaUy found ourselves under him, and from which he has the skiU and is so proud to extricate us. An appeal was then made by the noble lord to all the belligerent passions of the country with that eloquence and emphasis which the noble lord always employs. Since that memorable speech of old Sir Harry Dundas, delivered during the revolutionary war, when he declared that one Englshman could beat three Frenchmen, and which was recorded afterwards as a statistical fact (a laugh), I hardly know any speech which has produced so great an effect, and which was more calomlated to animate the heart of a country on the eve of being tried byexigencies of the most perilous character. It was quite cear that it was a Sovereign, and one apparently of no mean order, who must have meditated war, and some thought even the invasion of the country. That it was a Sovereign of no mean order there could be no doubt. It wva clear there had been an Emperor who had threatened us, and the people of England, seeing no further than their noses, could not make out who it could be. The Empror of Russia, they supposed, might have had enough of t, and so they thought it must be the Emperor of the French. Bat the speeches of to-night have dissipated that belief. If there be a King who is going to make war En England, It must be the noble lord's old friend the g of Naples (laughter); and it an Emperor is going to invade our territory, It must be the other friend of the noble lord, the Emperor of China. (Continued laughter.) I will not stop a moment here to remark upon the situation in which our plenipotentiary in the Chinese waters is now placed. ("Hear," and a laugh.) Still, ono regrets that that " dee and eternal stain upon the honour of the flag o England" has not been washed oat. (A. laugh.) When that " rafflan and miscrexnt" stiUl resides over the city of Canton-and I am surpriseI to find he still holds that office, notwithstanding the invec. tives of the noble lord from the hustings of Tiverton-I can easily perceive that the quarrel in China has served some one else besides Commissioner Yeh. (A laugh.) But, as we have grver matters before ,1 will leave that important subjcot to be amply discussed on the report upon the Address. (A laugh.) Her Majesty has adverted to that subject which, apart from the sufferings of the commercial world, has commanded and aso3rbced al the thought and feeling of the country. There are none of us here or in any part of the country who will not sympathize writh the heroic efforts of ourtroops in India. (Cheers) Sir, it was saidin 84, when the very foundations of societyinrance seemed shaken, that " France was saved by the army." I am sUre It may be said with more truth that our empireln Indi has been saved by the army (cheers)-saved, too, by an army which we must never forget owes not,hing to Cabinets in London or to a Governor-General in Counucil in Calcutta. (Chs from the Opposition benches.) "Alone they did did 4 " and long 'will the memory of those startling actions live in the recollection of a proud nation like that which inhabits these isles. (Hear, hear.) Mar. Canning onoe said, in a speech in this House, seakidng of India, that it was a land fertile in heroes. Mr. Caning when he used that glorious expression, must have been influenced as much by prescience as by memory, for if we look through the long list of heroic men who have illustrated the history of this country sinoe that great land was under our dominion by the commanding qualities which they possessed, it is doubtful whether in civil prudence, military skill, or soldierlike valour there are any who excel those glorious names which are now in the months of the people of England. (Cheers.) Many of them wil remain; many of them wiU recelve from their Sovereign and the country those acknowledgments of their great qualities which every Englshm.a is proud to declare, (Hear, hear.) I hope we shaU be applied to in this House to show that we are not wanting as the representatives of the people in the expression of those feelings which such achievements deserve, bectuse, depend upon It, however splendid may be the order of chivalry, however proud a man ma feel of obtaining by his sword a glonous independence stll we know it, from the frank confession of some of tc most eminent men this country has ever produced, that the thanks of Parliament have a charm with them which few recompenses can equal, and that often In the hour of battle they have felt they were doing that whioh might entitle them to the sympathy of the House of Commons. (Hear, besr.) Some may rcoeive that sympathy. Some unfortunately are gone. But when we remember the name of Wilson-(cheers)-when we remember the nameof Havelosk-(cheers)-and others whonsay dis. tinguish themselves, let us never forgetthe intrepid Nlicholson (cheers)-let us drop a tearover the fiery N@ilL (Loudcheers.) Whatthesemenhavedonecaunotbeconlateduntisometlre has elaped. What has been neglected to be done by others cau only be estimated when some months also have passed away. (Hear, hear.) What strikes one throughout these extrardinary transactions is the totalunpreparedness of thoss who were responsible for the government and the condition of this great empire. I had oceasion before Parliament was prorogued to make some observations on the state of our Indian empire, and I took the liberty of stating some of what I oonceived to be the causes which led to a ohronic state of disoontent among powerful classes; but I said then there was a primary and proximate cause for the insurrection, which is now acknowledged in Her Majesty's Speech to be a widelyread revolt, and I said that was the annexation of Oude. (Hlear, hear.) Her Majesty's Government treated that allUsion to Onde as the cause of this widely-spread revolt with derisive indignation. They said nothing had ever oocurred which could in any way connect Oude with the melancholy intelligence which we wera then just receiving. They said of all imaginable causes of discontent the annexation of Oude was the least possible. No doubt, speaking with the authority or men who ou-ht, to have been mster of the subject, this greatly influenced the opinion of the Hose. But I ask the House now, are they of opinion that the annexation of Oude had nothing to do with this widely. spread revolt? (Hear, hear.) However mnultifarious the controversies as to the various causes, is there any point on which men are more agreed than this-that among the chief and certain causes of that widely-spread revolt was the annexatlon of Oude? (Hear, hear.) I amnnot mentioning this with the view of entrapping the House into a discussion of our Indian position at this moment, but to illustrate a point of very great importance, and to show the fatal consequences of a neglect of the principles which I then endea. voured to force on. the adoption of the Government and the attention of the House of CommonS. I said then that it was absolutely necessary to ascert,ain the cause of this revolt, because unless yoa ascertained the cause it was impossible to apply an adequate remedy. "No !" said the great authority, " that is quite unnecessary. All that we have to do is to put down the revolt, and we wil inquire into the cause afterwards." Now, look in what a position you have placed the country by neglecting that important nrinciple of endeavouring to ascertain the cause of this widely-spread revolt. Very early in the year there was intimation of the greatdisasterswhichhavesinceoccurred. Onthegthof Febra. ary there was a mutiny, and not an inconsiderable mutiny. It may be said, " There have been mutinies before, and we had no right to suppose that the mutiny would become a widely-spread revolt." Such may be the language of common members of Parliament, of people in the streets, of Her Majesty's Government in general, but it is not the language of statesmen who are responsible for the government of a great country (hear, hear)-because, I say, the mutiny of a regiment or of foar regiments of Sepoys must hAve been to a Minister always meditatinR on these thinrg a in cident of very great importance. (Hear, hear.) it wma known In England on the 10th of April, but ws not enough to make men thin-. One month after. wards there was another considerable mutiny, and in a different part of India, That showed ooncert. There was evidence, as I pointed out In Jul, at least popular evidence, of great concert throughout the country Waa thatnot enough to make men think? If fler Majests Government-I care not whether in Downing-street or in Calcutta, for we can only look to the Government who aje responsible to the people-if Her Majesty's Government had only given their mimds to the subject instead of allowing it to come upontheuu with the surprise of children-if they had been awake and alive to what was png, would they have left a recently annexed kingdem, th all the elements of danger in a discontented nobiit *udsa disbanded army, uncared for? Would they not have felt that their eye must be on that kIngdom, that they must have resources sufficient, that they must be provided and prepared? Would they not urder such circomstanoee have put their finger upon Onds, and thought, and reflected, and ;totod ? (Hear, hear.) WhAt did they dol I Otde wu left had such confideneo in the prudence 'and discretion of the noble lord, and he had Bo often witnesed the happy tac with which hQcaught even the wisbhes as well sa the fntersjw of the people, that be confidently expected when that measure ahonld be brought before them that it would Wor stisfactory to the gret majority of the people. (Hew.) Of curste, at th pesen it thamenitma would ge promature ton fcourte esen upon what s tht meutre migo t contain, une it would not be in accordance with uZg*e for they Government to reveal piecemeal, portions of X plan which they were maturing.; but he, for one, was conent to wait, until it should be brought whole and entire before the, House, and he reseated with unhesitating confidenoe bil belief that when produced it would be fonnd to be asatisfactory me3sure aed one highly condudve to the iatzetst& of the people. Tbey were further assured that mcasure were in contemplation for improving the law of reat,,property, mors particularly with respect to the transfer of sand' The transfer of land bad been hitherto encumbered With difficult and expensive forms which pressed most oneroudy both upon tho buyers and sellers of property, and he was sure that , great poztion of the oommunity would hail wlth real satisfaction any importaT cange which itinight he bi the power of the Goverament to introduce upon the bubiect. (Hear.) Furthermore,,a consolidation was promised of several important branchesof tbecriminal eode, which he believedit was proposed to effeot by referring the Bills which had beon introduced into the other House of Parliament last year to a select committee- and; fmally, Her Majesty mads an appeal to thaun which he Wax certain would be responded to in a becoming manner. She invited them to implore the blessing of Divine Providenoe upon their deliberatlonr. (Hear.) That was a most legitimate ending to any Royal speech, hut more particularly to one which embraced such Important topics as the present, and he was perfectly certai at it was an invtation to which they would all most eordisly resopond. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, the hoa. membr thanked the House most heartily and sincerely foF the kind indulgence with which they had reeeived ht.s observations in introduclng the BoyalSpeech to their noticeo the Address In reply to which he begged leave now to prpose. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member then read the Ad. dress, which was, as usual, merely an echo of the Speech. Mr. AXEOYD (who wore the uniform of a DeputyLieutenant) rose to second the Addres, In endesvouring& be said, to discharge the honourable duty which had been Intrusted to him, he must claim the indulgence of the Hlouse, feeling deeply conscious of the responsibility of his position, and diffident ofhis abilities adequately to dis. charge that responsibility. (Hear, hear.) Her Majestys Government had brought before the consideration of theF House three importaut questions-the first relating to the suspenrion of the Bank Charter Act, by which the commer, cdal prosperity of this country was more or less affected; the second, respecting the maintenance of the vast empire of India; and the third, with reference to a leform Bill, and a proposition for enlarging the basis of our constitution. On the first of these questions, as a manufacturer and the representative of a manufactoring town, perhaps he might be permitted to extend his observations to a greater length than he should otherwise have presumed to do, anc4 probably the House might find some difference be, tween the views which he was disposed to take on that question, and those which had been advanoed by the hon. mover of the Address (" Heiear," and a laugh.I That difference might perhaps be accounted for by the fact that his hon. friend, happy, as he was sure he mnst be, in his country retreat, took a cool calm view of the question, while he (Mr. Alkroyd) stood in the midst of the excitement and had a fellow feeling with those who siffered. (Hear, hear.) He would not consider the subiect in that narrow light in which most of the writers of the present day did, as if it merely affected the money-market or the dealers in Lombard-street, or as if it simply enabled the lenders of money to obtain an usurious rate of Interest at the expense of the needy borrowver; nor would he admit that alA borrowers were speculators, for many an honest trader, was brought to the neceesity of becoming a borrower. Hear.) On looking at some of the money articles which he nad seen he could not but admire the abilty of the writers; but it struck him that they often took a professional view of the question-like a skilful surgeon who looked upon the disease of a patlent as it might tend more or lesa to ilustrate his own particular theory-and that they sometimes gof hold of a case commercially defunct, and laying it upon the dissecting board endeavoured, by dissecting the body, to illustrate their own peculiar notions. He (Mr. Akroyd) took a strong interest in this subject, and if he had the power he would relieve the sufferings of the one patient and would try to restore the suspended animation of the other. He would ask the Homse to take a broad view of the question, to consider its bearing upon our national prosperity and upon the interests of the working class in this country, and to bear in mind that our ability to sustin the bur. dens of vvar depended upon the productiveness of the country. He was ad that the agricultural labourers were com. paratiely We off, and long might prosperity shine upon: them, whatever might be the troubles by which the people' of his own district might be affected. He felt that it was unnecessary for him to attempt to enlist the sympathy of the House on behalf of the people of the working classes. He was quite sure that every member of the' House had a deep regard for them. If it were necessary to enlist the sympathy of the House on their behalf he would remind the House that those classes furnished the soldiera who fought our battles, that they in their turn had to bear the heavy burdens of wvar, and that no less fortitirde might be required to meet a starving wife andc family than to fight battles upon the heights of Sebas. topol or the burning plains of Indi What was the state of things when the monetary crisis first occurred? Therewas no alarm of the coming danger. The newspapers did not point to any occasion for alarm in any quarter of the globe. The only drawback to the prosperity of the country arose from an increase in the price of the raw materiaL Ho came from the manufacturing districts, and could therefore speak from his own personal observation of the state of things there immediately before the crisis. The first symptom of danger was the raiSig by the Bank of England of the rate of discount to 5i per cent on the 2d of Oetober. Successively in that month it was raised to 8, 9, and 10 per cent. But the warning came too late. Each successive arrival served to aggravate the panic. The storm came in full force. There was no time for the manufacturers to prepare themselves against it. Since the panic arose many a goodly vessel had been stranded, and many a goodly vessel had foundered. He himself knew in bis own neighbourhood many a manufacturer whom it had attacked, and whom he should prabably know no more. Country gentlemen might, perhaps, look upon the panic among the commerchil classes with somowhat of the feeling with which landsmen looked upon a. storm at sea, but sure he was that their commisera.. tion would be extended to the sufferers. (Hear, hear.) On the 10th of November the storm was at its height, and on the 12th the Government letter came out, informing the Bank of England that they might during the preoent emerRency exceed the limits prescribed by the Act of 184 Those limits had since been exceeded, and no one could deny that there wams a necessity for that excess, and that the indemnity sought by the Government ought to he granted. If the letter of the Government to the Bank of England had not been issued the consequences within 24 hours would have been most serious. The trade and commerce of the country wouldhave been brought to a deadlck, and general confusion would have ensued. He did not blame the Bank of England, for he believed they had made every possible effort to relieve the manufacturing classes. (Hear, hear.) They were tied down by the Act of Parliament, and they went to the very verge of prudence in order to relieve the commercial classes, The position of the Bank in 1857 was much more critical than in 1847, and there wan, therefore, creater necessity in 1857 for exceeding the limits prescribed by the Bank Charter Act. A committee of the other House of Parliament had published a report containing most important and weUl-digested evidence with respect to the monetary crisis of 1847. (Hear, hear.) The panics of 184T and 1857 were similar in at least one respect; in both cases the Government found it neoessary to suspend the Bank Charter Act. The panic of 1817, directly, and the panic of 1857, indirectly, had been occasioned by railway speculations. The committee oame to the conclusion that the panic of 1847 was aggravated by the operation of tbe Bank Charter Act and by the proceedings of the Bank. The hon. member for Kendal had given very able evidence before the committee. The committee were of opinion that the pressre in October arose from an apprehension on the part of mercantile men that the reserve in the Bank had become very small, and that, in point of fact, people pospessed of property would not ba able to convert it into Bank of England notes. The committee further said that the Government letter stopped the crisis. In 1847 the Government interfered ,iwhen dis. count was at S percent., and in his opinion the Government would have done well if it had interfered in the present crisis when discount had reached that amount. (Hear, hear.) The pressure was not felt in the country until it had, as usual, been first felt in London. Until discount was reduced to S per cent. he had no expec- tation that trade would improve, or that suspensions of payment would cease. It was a strange fact that, notwithctanding tbe recent discoveries of gold and the large im- portations of it into this country, it hid slipped from our fingers In a marvellous manner, and the country at large was no richer by those importations. He could not but feel that we should not be able to retain that gold in this country until gold was sold at its market value. We were the only nation who had a fixed standard price of gold. The commercial classes in France, where speculation had been carried to a much greater extent than in this country, had passed comparatively unsathed through the presEnt trial, while in this country they had suffered most severely. The difference, he believed, was attributable to our having a standard price for gold, It had been the practie of the Bank of England from an early period to maintain the rate of discount at a reasonable rate, and from 1704 to 1844 it had never been higher than 5 per cent, or less than 4 per cent., except during six months of the year 1839, whenit had risen to 6 per cent. For the information of hon. gentlemen not So practically auainted with mercantlt e pursuits as himsoif he vould mention to the House that business transacons were generally carried on through themedium of bls of exchange, and therefore it was for the general interest of commerce that certain facilities should be afforded for discount. While that, however, was the cose, it was at the same tine necessary that no facility should be afforded for discounting aceommodaxtlen bills. It would be well for trade if all that tort of paper was weeded out of the market. Ho himEelf, although he saw the necessity of a paper cur. rency was an advocate for its ready convertiblity. (Hear, hear,) Manufacturers were not mere speulators in paper but what they wanted was a solid currency. As regarde& the working classes, the fact that they enjoyed cheap food enabled thesa to better bear the auffeI to which the stat4 of commerce had exposed them, andhe was sure that as long as those casses believed in the dispositlon of the Government to relieve their sufferings by wine legistion they would endure themwith fortitude. He woultrespas very shortly Upon the time of the House in reference to the state of affais in India HQ blad Qerved with zrod suitl%% without a soldier. I am nnot going into the neglect of Indian admi8tration and the cause of your diasters. I am not a#ldDg wihether, when yoaL heard of rnutinY, yott oa ht to bave left a plaoe like Deli wibh a poyarrion. gear, 'ear.) I am discarding the whole or that great question, and confining myself to the proof, the appositeness of which I shall presently show, of the vaidity of the principle which in July I endeavoured to enforoe upon the Government of I the Queen. (HeaRr, hear.) Oade was left without a solder. I Not the slightest attempt was made either to send up forces from Calcutta or to bring them down to Lucknow. Ocide was totally neglected, and for a very sufficient reason -the reason conferred by the Minister who followed 3ne in that debate, that in the opinion of the Government Oade had nothing to do with this question of mutiny, and there was not a symptom of disorganization prevailing in that kingdom. What have been the consequences of not ascertaining the cause of the revolt before you attempted to put it down After your long unpreparedness, after the strange manner in which you involuntarily imbibed at last a conviction that your empire was in danger, after a loss of weeks and months in desperate efforts to attract your thoughts to the dangerous position in India, at last, vhen Parliament is about to be prorogued, at the very lazt hour almost, your eyes are opened to the greatest emergenoy which ever occurred in the history of this country, and you take those steps which the public force you no longer to neglect-you command your resources to be sent to Calcutta. What was your position? You had the North-Western Provinces in insurrection, and. the whole of your communications were cut off between Calcutta and tho provincee. And why? Because yoU had not thought of Onde. (Hear, hear.) Au insurrection raged in Oude and the provinces connected with it, and the massacre at Cawnpore and the siege of Lucknow were totally owing to that misconception of the cause of the mutiny. (Hear, hear.) But is that all? There is another grievance arlsing from the same source. You have, I wi assume. an immense army at Calcutta and the neighbourhood. How are you to advance that army? What are your means? No doubt you suppose that if you import the strength of the country there will be no difficulty in obtaining commissariat and transport supplies in India itself. But Bengal cannot furnish such supplies. A corntry of sultry plains, consisting of nothing but rice fields, does not produce means of transport. You must have arable laud, and agriculture in various forms, and then you have carts, bullocks, camels, and elephants. You do not arrive at this kind of country until you get to Oude and the provinces contiguous to it. You have now no means of moving up your troops, because you counted upon obtaining them, as you did m old days, from this very Oude. When you invaded Affghaulstan you wanted means of transport, and you went to Oude for them. Even the war elephants of the King of Oude were presemnted to you for that expedition. It was from Oude that you always obtained your means of transport, and those means are not now at your command. If YOU had known of the condition of Oude-if you had foreseen that whichhas ocourred-youimight bave got transport from elsewhere. Yo might have got 20,000 bullocks from Madras, which would have moved your army, but not a single provision has been made, because you counted upon your usual sources of supply, and you have at this moment only 700 bullocks, the common Parces Delivery Company of the I country, which will not move more than a single battery of artillery. All these consequences-your communications cut off with the principal scenes of action and the total doficiency of the meamns of moving your army-arose from your neglecting to ascertain the cause of the revolt before you devised a remedy to put it down. (Hear, hear.) There is a paragraph upon this srbject of India in the Queen's Speech upon which I must sollcit the interpretation of the Government. Her Majesty says:- " The affair of my East Indian dominions wvllrequire your serious consideration, and I rocommend them to your earnest attention." I think the Govermment ar bound, andI cannot think that they will refuse, frankly to explain what this paragraph means. (Hear, hear.) Under ordinary eircumstances certainly sbould have supposedthat Her Majestys Ministers, having measures of great importance of a legislative character to introduce to Parliament on the subject of India, would have felt it their duty in the most solemn and formal manner at the commencement of the session to cal the attention of Parliament to the purpose which they entertained. (Hear, hear.) But we live iu such a re! markable age, an age of confidence and semi-confidence, of communications wnich are official, and eommunications which, though anonymous, re thought to be more authoritative in some instances than communications which are official (a laugh), that there is great ambiguity as to the intentions, which is extremely inconvenient, and which should be expiidtly removed at the earliest possible period. It is quite impossible that the Government can intend to treat India in the same way as the Bank Charter-refer It toa aelect committee. If that be the case, the only Act which will be passed this session will be the Reform Bill, I am sure that cannot be the intention of Ministers, and I hope they wvll feel that if it were necessary to introduce into the Speech a paralraph of this character, it is also necessary that it should be awcompanied by a frank interpretation. (Hear, hear.) I think I could describe this paragraph myself, if the Ministers have no better explanation of their own to give. I should say that it was "a compromise paragph." It gives one the idea that somebody has wanted to do something about India, but that somebody else has not been of the Fame mind, and it has been decided, therefore, that there shaU be something introduced into the Speech which shall give the country and the House of Oommons to understand that Her Majesty's Government are deeply sensible of the gravity of affairs, and of the weight of responsibility, but at the same time are not prepared to do anything to vindicate the one, nor anything to justify the other. (Eear, hear.) ThS is no trifling matter. Is itthe intentionof the Government to legislate for India? Is it their intention to propose a newformot administrationfor thatcountry? Wehavehe ard a great deal about the double Government and its evils. In 1853 a noble friend of mine mr-,de a motion, not asking you to condemu the double Government, but asking the Minis. tern not to establish that double Government without previous inquiry. I can hardly believe, therefore, that, having established the double Governmeut, Her Majesty's Ministers in 1857, after all thesegreat events, are only going to do that which my noble friend recommended in 1853. Every. bedy knowvs the evils of a double Government. Its wea. ness is contained in the very phrase Itself, but the faults of the double Government have not been particularly displayed intherecenttransactions. (Hear.) I am not awarethat mny one has alleged that that form of Government has been the cause of the reoent events in India. Whathas occurred in India has been produced by policy-by the conduct of those who had the government of India. It has not been an affair of adminstration, it has not arisen from the mode of taxation, nor from the way in which justice has been administered, at least not primarily and particularly; but in the first instaunce by poUcy, aggravated by the great neglect of those who are responsible for the Government. I am not at aUl aware that the double Government Is particularly responsible for these great calamities (tough trustwe sh Snd outatsome tume who is responsible for them) (hear, hear), but realy if the double Government is to be abolished I, for one, should hesitate before I agreed to commit the nowers which it stil possesses to the hands of those who in the exercise of their present amount of power have shown neither discretion, sagacity, knoowledgeof what was going to happen, nor readiness at devising remedies for evils after theyhad happened. (ERear.) Nevertheless, if such a measure is brought forward, I have no doubt the House will give it a candid consideration, but at this stage of the business It is but due to the country andto Parliament that Mlinsters should be frank upon the sub ject. As they have thought fit to introduce ambiguous sentences on this important subject into the Speech, they should in debate tell the House what their intentions are, and whether they mean that they are prepared to recommend to Parliament to legislate for India and to devlse a new form of government for that country, and if such be their intention tosay whenthat proposalwil be laddindetailbefore the House. There is one subject on which it Is unnecesr to trespass on the House for more than a moment, but which I cannot pass over without notice. Her Majesty in her gracious speech says:- " Your attention wll be called to the laws which regulate the representation of the people in Parliament with a view to consider what amendments may be sfely ana beneficialy made therein." It is not for us to be captious on the conduct of a Govern. ment which tbinks Itself able to deal at the same time with varied and important subjects. Heretofore it has rather been our habit to say of Government that they do nothing, At the end of a session it has been the custom to prove satlfactorily to the country that the Government have really passed no measures, and ultimately there has been a want of confidence in an Administration if you could show that it-was an Administration which did nothing. But if we have a Government which goes upon a different tack, and which, instead of being a Government which does nothing, is a Government which does everything, it does not become us to be captious and critical before the time. I am therefore perfectly ready to believe that Ministers have their measures matured upon all these great questions-the currency, the government of India, and the reconstmrction of the representative body, and that in due time, more part,icularly as the sesson has commenced at O early a period, we shal have them aUllbefore us. With regard to this particular meaSures, I trust that whenever It isintrodu,edt to our notice we shall find that it has been devised fainy tor the public weal, and not to increase the political folowJing of auy party. (Hear, hear.) I will do more than express my hope,-I will express my belief that it is no longer on this subject in the powver of any political combination to force such a measure through Parliament. We are aU of us, all sides and aU sections, much more learned upon this subject of Parliamentary reform than we were in 1832. The brazened bellowings for "the Bill, the whole Bill, and nothing bht the Bill," have proved a very fruitful and salutary lesson to the peopl3 of this country. AU the people who oried out in that manner have since done penance in public, and have expressed their sincere regret at having so deludedthemselves. (Laughter.) I took the liberty at the early part of the iast session of moving for a certain return which I thought would assst hon. members in their consideration of this subject. Probably mauy hon. members, not so sanguine as to think that the Reform BiU would he referred to in the Queen's Speech, have not studiedthose returns; butIwouldhumbly recommend them to the earnest attention of every one. You will find them full of the most accurate information; they have been drawn up by official men, who are totaUy incapable of personal prejudice or party feeling, and they offer such a mass of important information on the subject that I am sure, if well digested and acted on in a wise spirit5 the consequences will not be hostUe or injurious to those ancient institutions which I trnst we-on this side of the House at all events-shall always be prepared to nhold. (Hlear, hear.) But there is one other observation which I would make on thi8 somewhat curious matter. The subject is not one of novel invention; it is not one with respect to which the Government have been called upon to legislate hastlly; buit it is one which has for a considerable time been under the notice of larlia2aent, For the last five or six years there have been Ministorswho have either introduced, orhave promised to inttoduee, Bills vwith respect to it, and there have been several s:ch Bills laid upon the table. The subjeot, therefore, is perfectly matured. Certainly it must be matured by theb Cbinet of the noble lord, because on the very first ^day t1at he took Q%ca w were m4auxUtbat thrQ were gred ac iaiiS fez the formation of hls Government owing to the complete understanding that existed throughout v the Liberal party on the question of Parliamentary reform. In fact, the noble lord iutended to bring forward a Billlast year. Under theme circumstances I think I am only making a fair request of the noble lord-and it in one which I trust the Hotue Will by its sympathies enforoe-if I ask him to loe no time in introducing that Bill ("Hear, hear" and a laugh) I do not expect that he should solcit the immediate and precipitate decision of Parliament upon it; hut I say, let us have it introduoed at once, and let us have tho advantage of the Christmas reo e and during the holydays of beooming acquainted with its provisions (hear, hear); because nothing is mor unwise, and nothing can keep publio feeling in a more fretful state than the constant idea of a Parliamentary Reform Bill being held over the beads of the people of this country. (Hear, hear.) We want to know, if there ame to be ehanges in all the most important of all ourinstituatons, what thoee changes are to be. That is a feelinq which is not oDnfined to this side of the House, or to what s called the Conservative part of the country; but I should think that all men must be of the same oPinon and that allu st feel the gat importance, now that we have a Reform Mnistry, a Eeformhlinisr, and a Reform Bill, that we sbould have the Bill at once. (Cheers and laughter). The House will see, if the course which I recommend be not adopted, the extraordinary inconvenience which will aocrue. No person can bring forward a BiU which affecs the distribution and disposition of political poWer in a country like England, and expect that sach a BiU Is to be passed like a Bil of Indomnity for violating the Currency Act. Of couse tho country will expect, and the House wilinsist upon, ample time for consideration after the noble lord shall have introduced his measure and made an exposition of hin polic, But if thia Billi to be brought in in the spring, and if great delay takes plaoe before the second reading, the result will be that we shall either have a BiU which wiUl be ultimately hurried through Parihment, or we shall have the question again postponed, and, it may be, considerable agitation with resect to it. Eear, hea.) Parliament and the country, then, heing now in a good temper on the subject, and the time being not un- favourable to the calm and candid oonsideration of any measure brought in upon the responsibility of a Miuister on such a topic, if the noble lord will onlytake an early oppor. ttnity-perhaps he will name the day to.nlght(alaugh)of introducing his measure, we shall e perfectly prepared on the reassembling of Parliament at the endof January or beginning of February at once to enter upon the debate It may be a warm debate, It may be animated, it may be even acrlmonions. but it wil p ias it wi be forgotten, and the thing wihl end. But if tatcourse be not adopted the result wil be jreat public diatiafaction and J much Parliamentary inconvenience, I trust t the noble lord, therefore, Oil think very faveurably of this suggestion. It is clear, if the noble lord getshislIdesrity7ilasa matter of course,-which he wil do if he makes a frank statement of the benefits which he expects to derive from the changes to be proposed in the Bailc Charter Act, and which I am sure will be consistent with the perfect and practical convertibility of bank.notes-that there will be very lttle business before us during this short session, We have nearly a month to Christmas-eve, and, after Ing the Indemnity Act, nothing could be more agreebIe than to hear from the noble lord a complete expoition of the scheme of Parliamentary reform which is now intreduoed into Her Majesty's speech. ("tHear, hear," and laughter.) I must apologize to the House for having detained it so long; but on an occasion of this sort one's observations must neesasarily 'oe desultory. The topics which we axe invited to consider are, howrever, ve-y important, and I think that we can do nothing better than agree with Her Majesty in "fervently praying that the blessing of Almighity God may attend our counsels." (Loud cheers.) Lord PALMERSTON.-It is certainly quite natural that the right hon. gentleman, who is of oonrse more at home and at ease in this House, leading as he does a great party, than he can be at any other time and plac, shonldbe in the height of good humonur at finding an unexpectod oppor. tunity of actively displaying the ability which distinguishes him; and no doubt his speech is one of which It is impossible to say otherwise than that it is marked by that good humour and that levity of wit which usually characterize the right hon. gentleman's performances. The right hon gentleman beganbycriticizlngthe course which Her Majesty's Government pursued in regard to theprorogation of Parliamenton the 4th of November and the calling It togetheragaln on the 3d of December; and the right hon. gentleman thinks that there were circumstances connected with the commercia condition of the country in the end of October and beginning of November which ought to have led to some different course being adopted from that which the Government did adopt. He did not exactly state that, but he left it to be inferred. There was, however, nothing on the 4th of November which appeared to Her Majpet's Government to oall for that course which we afterwards found to be necessary, and we therefore pursued the ordinary mode of proceeding, and prorogued Parliament to the usual period to which from time to time Parliament is prorogued. The right hon. gentleman seemed to argue as if we had in some way or other, by having prorogued Parliament from the 4th of November to the 17th o' December, precluded ourselves from calling it together earlier if necessay. The proof that that was not so is our being assembled here to-day. (Hear, hear.) We knew perfectly well, if any unforeseen event should render an earlier meeting necessary, that the constitution afforded the means of calling us together sooner; and therefore there was nothing in the oourse which we pursued which could have prevented us meeting at as early a period as might be desirble. (Hear, hear.) The circumstances which led us to recommend to tho Bank the step which has been adopted fell suddenly upon us. It became evident to my colleagues and myself that the state of publlc credit, the state of the banks and of commercial transactions generally, did require that mea3ure, and if it had not been adopted I believe that get evil and disaster would have resulted. To recommend to the Bank or to any publio body to overstep the law is not a matter to be lightly done, and we were unwilling to adopt that course until we found that Its necessity was urgently pressed upon us, I believe we did not delay It too long; I am qulte sure that we did not do It too soon; and I am satisfied that those who are best acquainted with the state of matters at that moment will do us the us the justioe to think that the occasion required us to do that which no Government ought to do without real, grave, and urgent necessity. (Hear, bear.) My righ' hon, friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer, however, in moving tomorrow the preliminary stage of a Bill of Indemnity, will stae to the House more in detail than is expedient at the present moment the various circumstances which made us think that step necessary. In referring to that paragraph, which the right hon. gentleman treated in his usual gay manner, res'ecting the perfect peace which fortunately prevails nlt over Europe, the right hon. gentleman made some allusion to what fell from me on that festive oceasion to which he referred, and he seemed to consider that I had announoed to the country that we were in danger of some geat invasion, not from the Emperor of China or the King of Naples, bat from some other Government from whom aggression was to be apprehended. Sir, I made no such intimation, and I felt so such apprehension. On the contrary, all the Governmentr of Europe had expressed the most friendly disposition towards us; and, with respect to France, I am sure tbat it is imposrible to speak too highly of the friendly communications which we had received from the Gover,ament of that conntry. Not only did the Emperor of the French say tbat if we were desirous of sending our troops across Egypt to the sucour of our East Indian possessions, he would use any influence which he might be supposed to possess over the Government of Egypt for that purpose, but he even said that if we thought it desirable to send our troops through the territory of France, he would be happy to afford ns all the facilities in his power. (Hear, hear.) It would be most ungratefaL indeed, if we were to entertn the slightest notion that there was any unfriendly feeling towards us on the part of a country which did everytbing in its power to show the sinoerity of the friendship 'which they felt to this country. (Cheers.) The right hon. gentleman said that the few words which I spoke on that occasion were calonulated to animate the hearts of this country. Why, Sir, that was my intention (lond cheers), and not without grounds, for I think that the events of which we received accounts in England from time to time were calculated to animate the heart of every Englishm (Cheers.) I think that the contemplation of the heroic deeds of our coutrymen, scattered as they were throughout every part of India, fighting sometimes as single men, and at others in very small numbers, and resisting the sarprises and attacks of superior numbers, 'were caleclated to animato the heart of this country; and the language which I used on that occasion only spoke the sentiments of my fellow-countrymen, and I believe that it wvas reechoed from one end of the land to the other. (Cheers.) With regard to what the right hon. gentleman said about the gallant deeds of our countrymen and the gratitude which every man ought to feel towards those brave men who showed themselves worthy of their country in every part of India, I am sure every man in this House must have gone to the full extent of those sentiments whioh the right hon. gentleman with so much eloquence, and in a manner so worthy of himself, expressed. (Hear, heir.) I think there is nothing that anybody could ssy in addition to the high praises which the right hon. gentleman has passed upon those distinguished men to which this country would not cheerfully assent. It will be my duty on the earliest day which the forms of the House will admit to bring down a message from the Crown reoommending that a provision should be made for Sir Henry Havelock, in addition to what has been bestowed upon him. (Loud cheers.) Iaam sure that the House WIll feel pleasure in associating ltself with the Sovereign in maarking the distinguished services of that gallant offloer. (Renewed cheer) General Wilson, also a baronet, as is well known, Is in the service of the East India Company-or, at lest,the East India Company claim to have the privilege of doing for him an act similar to that which the Crown will do for Sir Henry Havelock, who is one of the Queen's officerg. The ri%hk k0z. gestlem;in wisbcs thAt We should now
PABRMAMYlTARy .WOTICZ& HOUSE OF COMMONS. TRmiv fl-n- A 2OncTIs or ------ -' I t XX- - . L&o (f *b,;- tU; au-rea`-Wotsui Jame" GrAham, 060 month, domrgttl af IMr. Boxtou,-To Mr. John Henry GUrney, a lwek, domestic arni. Oit.b o D i D Bit C th atcbbUU.Hn9s` ,-T ask Whetber It Is the Inttion t-, h Government to rintrodoc the DOccleDsiDtlal Oommlor, Bm 01 last seeion dung the present setih Of Mr. Knatchu i.Hnumeseen -To eask wethei Govenumentto Introduce a *ll Mo the &me mejt iogo the intentioreof to the management of hghwayz during tb t d p tr oesent aewa Mr. Grew.-To ask whether the report of prthet sommotrdn, IIwDk~~~~~~~ oft the ISltdom ortbC inquiry Inl rtGtd to Erad od Schools tbin ead hia yet betea givuand, If not.w w uent is expected to b tready. Mr. Crawlnrd.-To ast whether arraonementg hlve beenromad or conventions enterd Into, by or on behalf of Her Majesty'sGr.'. men%Wlthse 8 eomPanIes, IdioCdtals, or foreign Gverumn,e fet restb tbing egaPhic 0ommuninkom n with Zle5pt and tzdta; aia wheber any negotiations are now pendineg, aat withr whon , n, refertoe thereto. Lord Alred ousbhil,-BFfuetr of the simrunt oDontlhuted by each of the colonies respectv towards thehPatriotr s Bua distieguisl C the mu m,voked by ieieereo nished by voluntary muhaCrJDlotions Wxtnres from the amountsg fur. And of the number of Russia gans lakst durl,,g the late war whih have ben dhtrhbue as trophies among the differet t colonIes, apeetfioig the number sent to each colony. The Chancellor of the acbhquer,-O ittee of the wholae Hi to oontider the BankrAct of 1844. and tono TetbAt theo s r, be*' directhed te MOTO fr l eST8 b t oCh39 In & Bill tO iDd y` the Goretnu aernd C 8pyo then Bnk o Ente l;aud dUIn rspctofoeting uthe t ofr their note and to conftsm such iones. The ohanceorc of the xchbequer.-elek Comitte to iqu I the opermtios of the ank Act of 1o44(7th and 8tr of Victbr csy ea 321 and ot thae BIan AUts or liaD4 andL Scotlan Of I845 (8th MAd 9% ofVco*c~ 37 and 481. COlr.Grweter, a move, as an amendiment to the Ohanceuo of the BCihequ's motion for the reappointment of the Commatte on the Bank Ante Of 1i3S1 that the said comrmiee be nstructed to Ith. quire Into the oPeation Of SUl the laws affectng the currency in CraLt Brtratu and Ireland, and rIpot what amendmonts ift any, they nme consider desirable. Colonel Sykes,-Rsturn of tht sevenue derived annaualy fron an souroex of taxtIMon In India from 1851-3 to 1815-6 ; together with a mnap exhibitIng the amount of land revenue obtaind from each cot. lectorate of each preidency in the leet-named year. Colonel Sykee,-Return ot the auntal erehrdture for eslestastibae tobjec in India at the diffeqret PresIdencies from 361 7 to the latstb period, under the eTeral bheads of Bishope a nd Cathetbe rBatsbliho mrutssi number of regdulr chaplains;, number of unooTnsaeosts a=Uillay chaplains ; cost of building chlurches ; cost of grantIn isi of church b eeldtn; alowan kes to roman Catbole chiaplain; and miscellaneous expediture. 8itir.Smltb.-Retwur of the actua military force thait mus In rndi atthe timeo the outbreak of the mUtiny at "Meet.t " d Ing the _er bmuches of the e Ineers and Sappers, and Ilantary ;and dietinguishing the koopso the Queen's service from those of the E.ut India Company ; shoin also, as far as can be ascertained from documoents now In the hads o the Gorernment and ot the Board of Control, or the Earl Indiab CorsIaDy, the stations at which the troops were at tha time of tha outhrosk of the mutiny sevemally quartered. Colonel Frencb,-StAndinz committee to control the arrangements of the kitchen and refteelment.roomne In the department of the Serinnl-tArm atendig tha Hose -Olouel irencb, Colonel llo.ero Mr.Aldrma Ousti.Mr. eymur itzgerald, MKr. Hums, Mr. Robertson, and Mr. Bramley- ofoore, by loather legislation.~t
UNrIEgPBSITY KTZLLZVZ ZI6tC. OX'FOR)- f)rn In a Convocation held this diy, at 10 o'clock, the nomination of Granville Somerset, D.C.L, Fellow of All Souls, to the offloe of Examiner in the Law and Modern History School, 'ws submitted and approved. Rev. Robert Blencoe, 1.A., of Queen's College, Car. bridge, ws aditted ad cunxdc. In a Congreg,tion held immediately afterwards the fol. lowing degrees were conterred:- ILA. Rev. Henry De la C. De Brisay, IUnivesity. Edmund Snowden, Rev. Maxwell Julius Blcker, Merton. Rev. G. Colin Campbell, Exeter. Rev. Alfred Blomfield (Fellow} AM Soul's. Rev. James N. Palmer, St. Joh's. William RI Smith. Pembroke. William Holden, Magdalen Hall. B.A. Robinson Duckworth (Scholar), Edward Dry, University. Herbert Hamilton, BallioL Alfred B. Day, E Arthur J. C. Llwellyn t Queens, Thomas W. Dix, Christ Church. Charles Bovwyer, Trinity. William R. Andrews, Wadhain. Alan Mi. Alington ChArle H. T j(Scholar), Worcester. The Professor of PolitIcal Economy (Mr. Neste) will deliver his inaugural lecture at 1 o'clock, in the hall of Oriel College, on Thuasdsy, the 10th inst. CAMBRIDGE, DEc. 2. At a Congregation held this day 33 graoes relating to the now statutes were offered to the Senate. The first opposed in the Non-Regent-house was that part of the proposed new statute respecting Lord Craven's scholars which declares that in elections to the schoLsships it shall not be neoessary to take into consideration the pecuniary circumstances of the candidates. This was carried by a ^majority of 14. PLhcets, 35; non-plUcets, 2L It p the hegent-house without opposition. In the Regent-house the section of the statute repealing the necessary prescribing of the number of lectures and their length, &c., in the case of the Lady Margaret Professor, was opposed! and carried by a majority of threc. Placets, 13; non-placets, 10. The second section of the statute was also opposed, which declares that the right of votin in the election of a pro-. fessor shall be vested in those Bachelors of Divinity and Doctors of Dlvinity who have previously been Masters of Arts. This was rejected by a majority of 10. Placets, 7; non-placets, 17. The statute for regulating Sir W. Browne's Scholarship, and that declaring it unnecessary for the scholar to reide at St. Peter's College, were both opposed by the Regents and carried by the majority of 12. Placets, 18; non-placets, 6. The statute respecting Dr. BeU's Scholarships was opposed as to clause 2, which allows scholars to be elected from King's College and Trinity-hali, and carried by a majority of 17. Placets, 22; non-placets, 5. A tgrace passed to reappoint the Syndicate for considering the subject of middle-class education. A notice has been given that Dr. Livingstone will deliver a lecture at the Senate-house to-morrowv, at 2 o'clock.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMrES. Sir,-The warm indignation with which you have denounced the craol treachery of the brothers Blair and Ff nton Wills induces me to hope for your assistance to bzing before the benevolent the forlorn condition of the poor deserted victim of their coamplex wickednw& Mrs. Marion Wills is still an inmate of the infirmary of Lambeth Workhouse. Subdued alike in mind and body, -helpless, homeless, and friendless,-she is totally unfit to struggle with the rough realities of life. It has been sug. geested that many whose hearts have sympathized with her unmerited snfferings would be glad of an opportnaity of assisting to raise a little fund for her relief until restored heelth might enable her to make her own way in the world. Mr. Stanford, geographical bookseller, No. 6> Caring. cross, has kindly undertaksen to receive subscription s, d to retain them un til somne pruldent plan can be adopted for their application to the wFants of Mrs Wills, I am, Sir, your obedient servant. J. S. SAUNDRS -, suQIMlMc-terrace, Ulapham.road, Dec. 3.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE .IMX& Sir,- On reading the city polie news of to-day inl yar paper I find thAt William Brodie -who is commaitted for three months' hard labour for steauig a ct, has girm the wrong address as so male person, hk lied in my o for many yearr beside myself, andI keR to state that ibc offioer ever call6a at my address for Wiliaml Brodie's ruforen". I wish cht ti statement my bhe corretea as eaiy au Possili4. THOMAS COII!, M 2, Dukesree1, Bloomabury, Dee. 3,
LONDON, FRIDJ Y, DECEMBEB 4, 18S57. The House of Lords met at 5 o'clock last evening after the opening of the session, when HE} NLAa EsTn.s most gracious Speech having been read by the LtanD CHANCELLOR, Lord PonvuAN moved the Address in reply to the Speech from the Throne, recapitulating at length the vorioussubjects referred to. He vindicated the conduct of IElnisters in reference to the recent suspension of the Bank Act, which ho contended had at once relieved and checked the progress of the commercial panic, producing the beneficial effects of an augmented currency without incurring the danger of an excessive paper issue He adverted to the necessity which existed for an alteration of the laws relating to real property, and also to the paragraph in the Royal Speech which pointed to a newr Reform Bill. For this last paragraph he claimed the serious and most irpartial consideration of their lordshipa' House, not as to the nature' of the reform required, but to examine whether the necessity for the alteration of the la>* existed. Lord PonrAMAN then proceeded to dwell on the outbreak of the rebeUlion in India, 'which be characteri7ed as a purely military movement, which the general mass of the native populaton, so far from participating in, looked upon .with dislike and fear. He considered that Lord CAMNNIxG had done all that could possibly have been ,expected with the small forces at his disposal, and hie deprecated the censures which in some quarters had been thrown upon him. He briefly referred to the gratifying announcement in the Royal Speech with regard to the peaceful relations which existed between this Government and other countries, and concluded by moving the Address. Lord CARaW seconded the Address, and adverted at length to the principal topica mentioned ia the speech from the Throne. He congratulatdd the country on the fact that the commexce and industry of the tister island had not been inconvenienced at all to the same degree by the commnercial distress which had prevailed on this aide of the ChanneL The Earl of DERBY said that, after a Parliamentary experience of 36 years, he had never known a sesmion commenced under auch a complication of anxieties and misfortunes as those which now called Parliament together. Almost the sole paragraph in the Royal Speech from which any satisfactlon could be gained was that in which allusion was made to the peace which prevailed throughoutEurope, thougb, unfortunately, even that was so worded as to convey almost a tone of disappointment, as if Lord PAiMRSTON, following out the remark he made some time ago, was almost sorry that nothing should distarb that peace. The immediate cause it 'was alleged of Parliament being called together was the recent suspension of the Bank Charter Act. He was not prepared to say that Ministers were not justified in the step which they had taken, and in asking Parliament for an Act of Indemnity, but, at lest,.-they must be prepared to show that the act was necessary and required by the leading banks and-commercial men of London. He was not surprised that Goverment should require an indemnity for violating an Act of Parliament, but he was surprised that after violating it twice in 10 years they should ask for another Bill of Indemnity without attemptlng to amend the provisions of the Act. After alluding to the causes which had given rise to the commercial distres throughout the country Lord DERBY proceeded to speak of the rebellion In India, entering into a most mninute detail of the gradual rise and development of the mutiny fromr the first individual cases of insubordination to the accumulation of horrors at Delhi. He greatly blamed the conduct of HIM MAjxSTY's Government in not sending reinforcements sooner, and, when at last they did despatch a tardy aid of troops, in sending them by the long sea voyage, though the SurTAx had granted a firman for their passage overland, the Pasha of EevPT had offered his own carriages and horses to convey them across the Isthmus, and the Emperor of the F1ExicH had offered to allow the passage of any number through France. HisLordshippassed amoat glowingeulogy on the conductof theofficers in India,who,alone,outnumbere and believing themselves abandoned, nevertheless made head against the savage hordes by which they were surrounded, and with their own good swords had saved the Indian empire. After deprecating the interference by the Indian Government in matters of religion with the natives, Lord Danny proceeded to that paragraph of the Royal Speech which referred to a measure of reform, and to which measure, he said, he was prepared to give his most anxious and serious consideration. He did however hope that HzE MAxrsTy's Government would be ready to lay before Parliament early after Its meeting in February a distinct outline of the measure they intended to propose, in order that those who either preferred a large or small measure of reform might have an opportunity of seeing how far the intention of the Government corresponded with their views. Han MASxrn's Government might rely that in any measure calculated to advance the country's good they would meet with no opposition either from him or the noble lords who acted with him on that side of the House. Earl GnayyrArj;, in reply, defended the coure pursued by the Government in regard to the suspension of the Bank Act as a atep which he declared had only been taken when its urgent necessity had been shown, and by which only the commerce of the country had been saved from the most serious and dangerous embarrassments. As to any change in the Charter Act, he could say that it was not the intention of Thm MAJLSTY'S Government to propose any alteration of that law, though it would be submnitted to a committee of the House of Commons, who would also inquire into the causes which had led to its present suspension. He defended the course adopted by the Government in regard to the mutiny in India, and denied that our empire there was now in peril, though he most heartily joined Lord DERBY in the eloquent euloglum which he had attered on its military servants, a share of which praise he also claimed for the civilians. As far as regarded the proposed Reform Bill he could only say that as soon as Parliament met in Februavy the Government 'would be ready to give a most free and ample account of the details of their intended measures. The Earl of ELLWBOROPulr reproached the Government with their want of energy and the loss of time they had occaesoned in sending out the troops to India. Due diligence in this matter had not been shown, neither was the faith of the Government, pledged to the Parliament, kept in this matter. If Lucknow fell he should consider HER MAJESTY's Government responsible for that loss of honour, and for the atrocities which might be committed there. The Duke of ARGYLL denied that the Government had shown any want of energy, or that any distinct pledge had been mrade by the Government as to the time when the first troops were to quit England. After a few words from the Earl of HARDwicica, Earl GBEy spoke strongly against the recent suspension of the Bank Act. That Government should require twice within 10 years a Bill of Indemnity for violating an Act of Parliament, without taking any steps to alter that Act, was manifestly wrong. The Act having been thus twice suspended its moral power was at end, and in any other time of pressure which might arise its swpension again would naturally be looked forward to by the mercantile classes. Lord OVFnRSTON' was quite prepared to support the principle which would separate the laws relating to the dealing in money from the laws relating to the issue of money. The principles of the Act of 1844 were founded entirely upon the principles of free trade-a free trade in money, which provided for the supply of the co -utry with money as it did for the suipply of the country with food. The Government must look to the causes which had led to the recent suspension of the Bank Act, and not go on merely applying paUiativec to a praotice which was in some parts so wrong that, if not checked, it would at last overpower our whole monetary system. After some further observations, in which Lords GREY, EGLIroUN, and MONTEAGLr took part, their Lordahips adjourned. The Address in the House of Commons was moved by BMr. W. MARTIN, who commended the course taken by the Government in submitting the decision by which they had authorized a violation of the Bank Act of 1844 to the judgment of Par. liament. Although the main provisions of that Act were satisfactory, the recent panic, in his opinion, justified the Government in issuinig the letter which sanctioned a departure from the existing law. In reviewing the other topics of the woyal Speech, he eulogized in warm terms the heroism displayed by the services in India, civil as -well as military, and congratulated the House and the country upon the promised fulfilment by Lord PA1iIERSTOi' of the pledge he had given to deal in the present session with the great and complicated subject of the representation. The motion was seconded by Mr. AKROYD, who disceussed at some length the policy of the Bank Act, whiclh he regarded with less favour than Mr. MaRTiN, and whowasof opinion thattheGovernment wouled have done well had they interfered with its operation at an earlier period. Mr. DISRAELI, after pointing out what he considered to be the inconsistency of Mnisters with reference to the commercial and monetary system of the country, observed that the House should not agree to a Bill of Indemnity for an infraction of the Act of 1844 without well weighing the circumstances under which the infrncion took place. It would appear, he said, that the Bank had not ap plied to the Government, but that the Government had recommended the Bank to outstep the limit prescribed by the exsting law. Ee recommended the House, therefore, before they passed a Bill of Indemnnity, to requie the reasons wrhich had induced the Government to take that coue. Referring to a notice given by the CANCLLOR of the EXCREQuER, of a motion to reappoint the Bank Committee of lastaession, he condemned these frequentinquiries. The Government ought, he said, to have made up their rminds upon this question. Were they going to stand by the Charter Act of 1844, or not? If they were, he should demur to a Bill of Indemnity for they were not justified in departing from the letter of the Act. But if they announced that they were prepared to recommend a new measure that would remedy acknowledged grievances and make a saifactory aettUementof this great queation, it would be the duty rd the House to accord an indemnity. Passing lightly over tlhe subject of our foreign relations Mlr. DisRA adverted to the events in Iudia, dwelling upon the striking fact of the total unpreparedness of those who were responsible for its condition, and insisting that the aunexation of Oade, which in July, he suggested, bad something 'co do with the mutiny, was now acknowledged to have been one of the chief causes of the wide-spread revolt. The consequences of not ascertaining the causes of the revolt, he remarked, had been serious. Our communications had been cut off, and our means of moving the army had been deficient, owing to the policy pursued towards Oude. He complained of the ambiguity of the paragraph in the Speech from the Throne which recommended the affairs of India to the earnest consideration of the House, and called for a frank avowal of the intentions of the Government with regard to the future administration of India. On the subject of Parliamentary reform, the scheme of which must he thought, be perfectly matured in the Cabinet, he urged Lord PArLmEsTow to Introduce the bill forthwith, before the Christmas reces, in order to aford ample time for its consideration. Lord PA3L I3sTox maintained the propriety and consistency of the course pursued by the Government, which had been compelled to do what he admitted no Government ought to do without grave reasons. Referring to the heroic deeds of our commanders in India4 he announced his intention, at an early day, to bring down a Message from the CROoVi -upon the subject. The motion was then agreed to, and the flouse adjourned at a quarter to 8 o'clock.
Yesterday Queen VicToRiA presided at the opening of another Session of the British Parliament. Never, at any period of her long reign, has this Royal Lady summoned the Peers and the Representatives of her people to counsel at a more momentous time. Thoughtless indeed must have been the head and cold the heart of that spectator who could have witnesed this gorgeous pageant without conscioumsnes of the serious nature of the work in hand. There has been a bloody and a fearful counterpart to the pomp and splendour with which an ancient monarchy loves to decorate its formalities. We pass over the mere occasion of the commaercial disturbance which has caused the Parliament to be summoned a week sooner or a week later, and we fix our thoughts exclusively upon the work which is thrown upon that Assembly. It matters not that our eyes have not looked upon the fearful agonies of our countrymen in Central India-that our ears have not caught the last sighs of their departing spirits,-but these things have been in all their terrible reality. From the regal magnificence of Queen Vrcror.A& seated upon her throne, surrounded by her hereditary counsellors, and in the presence of the men who represent the energy and industry of the British name, the mind of the spectator would perforce travel to the brilliant cupolas and hot bazaars of many an Eastern city echoing with the death shrieks of our murdered countrymen. The parade-ground of Cawnpore was a reality-as much so as the British House of Peers yesterday, graced as it was with the presence of Bo many of our fair countrywomen, when the English QuEEN addressed the assembly, and directed their attention to "the disturbed circumstances of British " India." Small need was there of the soft persuasion of that gentle voice, although its every accent will ring through every land where men speak with English tongue. There is not a piteous taleofour poormurderedcountrymen breathing their last gasp under the scorching sun of India which did not burn upon the memory as Queen VicToRuA in the few formal words which alone custom permits invoked the action of her people to avenge their deaths, and to take securities that no such horrors shall occur again. As though to mark the reality of these dreadful deeds, in the gallery to the left of the Throne might have been seen swarthy faces of the Hindoo race, and in that portion of the House which is by custom allotted to the diplomatic body the quaint presence of the Siamese Envoys gave further assurance of that world beyond the seas in which our countrypeople were so foully put to death. A stern retribution for the past surely will and ought to be exacted. The debt is even now in course of payment; but when, like the Venetian Senator, we are enabled to write off the obligations of that dreadful account, much remains to be done,-no less a work, in fact, than the development of that policy which CLzVE apprehended a century back in the little grove by Plassey, and which Sir JoHLAnEwR&c has recently carried out in the Punjab and under the walls of Delhi in a manner which would have extorted the stern approval of the great chief who was the first to plant fiimly the British flag in Indian soiL It would, however, be an error to suppose that the ,Indian question is merely one of retribution. These things are for the day, but we have now to conceive and establish a system which shall last for centuries to come, when all the present actors on the scene have long since passed away, when sword, tongue, and pen have done their work, as far as the men of this generation can employ them, for the extension and consolidation of British power throughout the world. The time has now arrived for the establishment of a firm and undivided authority over our Indian possessions, as well as for a total change in the military force on which we have hitherto relied. We have' committed grievous errors; let us profit by the past, not mourn over it with idle lamentations. The period for action has arrived; let no more time be wasted in inquiries which produce no other results than blue-book upon bluebook, while the Sepoy's commentary upon the apathy of our rulers is inscribed upon the volumes in characters of a very different hue. In many respects the circumstances of the time are favourable. India now presents for the most part a taczla rasa. The old machinery of government is shaken to its foundations. We may almost do what we will without coming into collision with the fragments of the past. There is now profound peace throughout Europe. There is nothing to divert our energies from this new field for Imperial exertion. Do we seek apt instruments to carry out our designs when they have been roughly hewn into shape at home? They are ready to our hands in the persons of those valiant and well-proved men who have maintained the supremacy of the British name in the face of difficulties which have probably been without a parallel in the history of mankind. Let " the gentlemen of England who " stay at home at ease" each but do the thousandth part of what has been accomplished by the courage and fortitude of our Indian servants, and our dominion in British India is secure for centuries to come. The chief duty, in point of fact, which is required of them is to shut their ears steadily to official mystification and to the pleading of class interests, in whatever form they may appear. Let them give fair play to their plain English common s'nse, and the settlement of our Indian affairs presents no very insuperable difficulties. All other topics, if we are wise, must now yield to the discussion of this truly Imperial question. Had it been otherwise the Royal Speech of yesterday contains suggestions which would have furnished occupation enough for any ordinary session. The Qu-m-'s advisers have inserted in it a clause in which they announce their intention to redeem their pledge upon the subject of Parliamentary Reform. We must, of course, accept the discnssion when it comes, although we feel it to be somewhat importunate and out of place at the present season. The subject is important, but it will be forced Dupor. our attention in the prestnce of one more important still. Nor is the demand fof Parlia|mentary Reform backed, as fas' as we can discover, by any very fervent desiie on the part of the people. Under these disadvaVtages the diecusIldon must, however, be accepted, and the pro. positions of the Miniater receive the sonsideration of Parliament. As far as concen that point upon which Parliament has been more immediately summoned at so unusual a period, little need here be said. The more suNime and abstruse investigations into the theory of the currency will be continued as heretofore in the privacy of a co0mmittee-room, every care being taken to allow the partisans of every theory to set forth and maintain their propositions by such arguments as they may thinlk fit to produce. The Act of Indemnity for the recent suspension of the Bank Charter may give rise to much protracted discussion, but it will scarcely be refused, nor would it appear that the impending debate is likely to be attended with much effect. These were the principal topics to which Queen VcTronu yesterday invited the attention of her Parliament; but among them the Indian discussion will claim their chief, if not their undivided, attention dluring he Sesion.
Parliamentary opposition seems to be in its nature somewhat of an amateur proceeding. Sometimes, indeed, a section of either House may be roused into earnest and pertinaeious resistance to a particular Bill which offends its interests, or principles, or prejudices. The resistance of Exeter-hall to an endowment of Popery or of High Churchmen to a Divorce Bill is a real resistance,: and, whether right or wrong, carries with it some degree of power. But at the present day the glories of H:sn MSj,TYS; Opposition-the body of gentlemen who profess themselves to be the organized censors of Hun MAxars's Government-have well-nigh passed away. There is too much of affectation, of pedantry, of old fashionedness in the system. The country cannot believe in its sincerity. We all of us have our acquaintances with whom we talk politics, and we find among them no traces of a division into two separate and hostile camps. AUl those whose opinions we value are moderate in their aims, fair in their judgments, cautious, experimental, and tentative. The slashing Opposition which is still a tradition of the H:ouse of Commons is not admired, is hardly even understood, by this generation. There is a general tendency to believe that a Government will be in the right, simply because political knowledge is so widely extended, and every subject so well discussed beforehand, that a body of men of average capacity can hardly go wrong. The public, therefore, cares now-a-days almost as little for a grand field-day in Parliament as for the discussions of a debating society. But the tradition lingers on. At the opening of every Session the forces of party are mustered, the ground is taken up, the dusty banners are unrolled, the old weapons are cleaned and polished, and the Opposition is all in readiness with its bits of declamation in the style of BustE, its displays of conventional humour after Mr. CANriss, or its long string of irrelevant statistics imitated from the great financiers of the past. But it is of little use. The encounter is but a ceremony; it Is a tournament, and not. a battle; a tournament, too, not like those of the real chivalrous age, when the spears were pointed and the swords keen, but more like the degenerate entertainments at which mere carpet knights disported themselves amid silks and cloth of gold. How little of vigour remains in mere party conflict may be seen by the debate on the Address which, took place yesterday in both Houses. The leaders of the Opposition appeared, made the usual speeches, complained that such a thing was done, and that such a thing was not done, threw out a few sneers, made a little display of jocosity received with the due tribute of laughter from their followers, and then the Address was voted unanimously. The thing was as much a ceremony as the mace of the SPExER or the three bows of Black Rod. Neither Lord Drmuy nor \Ir. Disp.Air expected to produce any practical effect. They spoke, not because they had anything to say, but because leaders of the Opposition always speak on opening nights. They blamed the proceedings of Government, not because they thought those proceedings blameable, but because to attack what the Government has been doing during the recess is the regular thing at the meeting. Take, for example, 3fr. DisRAELI'S speech. Mr. DiSRAmLI knows as weeU as any one else that Government has in the matter of the Bank Act been called upon to interfere suddenly but unwillingly, and that the settlement of the general question must be by the deliberations of the House during next yeafs Session. He also knows what the Government of the country has done during the present year. Since January last three Sessions of Parliament have been opened; there has beea a dissolution and a new election. The Ministry have concluded the Persian War, sent out a force to China, and met the most terrible storm that ever burst upon the empire by raising and despatching to India the largest army which ever left these shores, the largest army, indeed, which was ever transported by sea to so great a distance. Little more than three months ago the Government concluded a Session more than usually prolific, aiid added to the statute-book the Probate and Divorce Acts, the Joint-stock Companies Act, the Fraudulent Trustees Act, with many other itenms of legislation. But conventional opposition, in the person of Mr. lDisRaLi, bursts forth as if the Government had been vegetating in indolence, and a Parliament had not been held these ten years. Only three weeks ago the conumercial crisis called immediate attention to the Bank Act, and the pressure of circumstances forced the Government to interfere. Parliament is summonjed at once, and, while all the world is studying the subject, and preparing to discuss it deliberately, air. DISRAELI comes upon the Government to k;now what they intend to do :-"-I say this " is a suibject on which HER MAJESTY's Ministers "'lnght to have made up their minds. Are HER "MIA.ElSTY'S Ministers going to stand by the "Bank Charter Act of 1844, or are they not ?" Now, all the world knows that Parliament meets to pass a Bill of Indemnity to an individual banking corporation, and not on this side of Christrnas to come to any decision on currency generally. Every one is aware that the subject must be debated at great length, and neither Mr. DISRAELI nor any one else expected Government to bring forward on the first day of the Session auy general measure. But still it was necessary to find fault, and so fault was found. Nothing serioua was meant, and we have no doubt that the Conservatives and their leader will discuss the matter fairly enough, and give their best advice to the country wben the proper time comes, somewhere in February or March, In the Lords there was an eqially long and able speech, equally delivered as a piece of Parliamentarv fonr. Lord DEBsY is, of course, as spirited and patriotic and as thoroughly English as could be wished. He deplores the sufferings of our ccrv.trymen in India, admires their courage and ,4Vstancy, tho brilliancy of their achievements, the heroism of their endurance. Nor doea he in 'hJ z secret heart charge Gove-nment w;ithl a ereous Wongdidng. Indeed, for a nobleman who has had uothing to do but to amusc himself for the last four months to talk of the blun,Sers of a Government whilch has had to meet and i urmount such hourly dIMcultiea as have accompanied the autumn of 1857 ,rould be rather too much. So Lord DRBUY'S criticib'zn is, on the whole, byno means severe. Exposures c f mislculation respecting transports, and of the falsification of one or two little prophecies of the India Boatd, are not blows sufficiently powerful to hurt a Ministry. The only serious charge made by Lord DERBY is, that the London and Calcatta Governments did not snfficiently appreciate the importance of the early mutinies in Iucdia. lYow, it i true that as early as January the Sepoyv at Dumdumr were uneasy, or professed to be so, about the greased cartridges, and that on the 28th 4-February the mutiny of the 34th Regiment tool-place, accompanied by the murder of a British officer. It is also true that the Calcutta Government wav not seriously alarmed umtil the following month, and that the Ministry and nation at homewere only roused from security by the mutiny at Meerut. So Lord DnBBy haS something of a case against Us all. But every one feels that whatever he may -ay is only a criticism after the event. No one expected that 120,000 men were about to rise up in arms against us. Neither Lord ANING and his Council, nor EP. MAESTY, nor Him MMA.yES'S Ministers, nor Lord DzBBy himself, nor his party, nor the Indian service, nor the public, nor foreign nations, had any idea of the terrible calamity which was in store. When the history of the greased cartridges arrived in England Lord DERuy st1il continued quite as busy with Chinese affairs as Lord PFisxRSTox, and we find no trace of his having quitted the study of the .Canton Blue-book for what proved to be the far mnore important revelations from India. The fact is, that this storm burst on the world with hardly a cloud to foreshadow its coming. We do not say, with some of the Iudian officials, that it was a sudden burst of fauaticismx; we believe, on the contrary, that it was the result of impulsen which had been long growing in strength through our own indulgence, favoxured by our seeming weakness at the moment. Lord DEmBy has too good a memory and too clear a judgment to attach much weight to the charges which, as leader of the Opposition, he feels himself bound to make.
Air. DisB.A=Xs speech on the suspension of the Bank Act furnishes a fine specimen of the style which connoisseurs might call his second or third manner. It is his business to cenaure the Government without committing himself, and accordingly he is forced to rely on a kind of hypothetical dilemma. If the Miuifsters support the Bank Act, he must censure them for the letter to the Governor of the Bank. If, on the other hand, they are prepared with some new legislative project, the leader of the Opposition, although himself a Supporter of sound principles, wil listen to their proposals with the utmost candour, confident that they will involve themselves in inextricable confusion. He was, however, fairly entitled to remark on the conflict of opinions between the mover and seconder of the Address. Elaving called Parliament together expressly for the consideration of the Bank Charter Act, Lord P unsTox showed less than his usual adroitness in selecting a seconder who was opposed to the sound doctrines maintained by the Government. The CHcxrCon of the ExCUER wil to-night move for the reappointment of the Bank Charter Committee. The continuation of the inquiry is so far useful that it will postpone hasty legislation, and enable the advocates of a convertible currency to place their opinions and arguments on record without regard to any temporary clamour. Nevertheless, Mr. DlsBri is justified in his belief that no additional facts or theories can be laid before the Committee. The Bank Directors have almost unanimously declared in favour of the present state of the law; and Lord OVERSTOX,z has added the weight of his authority aud rare sagacity to the principle embodied in the Act. On the other hand, Mr. Miir. has advocated the removal of restrictions with the ingenuity which belongs to the subtlest economical writer of the day. MIr. NEWMARCH has involuntarily shown how little an actuary has to do with the determination of the data on which his unerring calculations are founded. Above all, Mr. WnsoN by assumptions and leading questions has placed in the most favourable light all the objections which can be urged against a legal provision for the convertibility of a paper currency. It is not ik-ely that in the ensuing session witnesses can be called more experienced than Lord OvEWSTO2N, -or more acute than Mr. MALi. The reappointment of the Committee will be principally useful in postponing hastylegislation. If, indeed, the terms of reference were enlarged, or the fiunctions of the Committee more liberally interpreted, a valuable light might be thrown on the causes of the recent crisis. To all unprejudiced Observers it is at first sight evident that the Bank of England had no direct share in precipitating the catastrophe. As the demand for money increased the rate of discount was raised, until it reached a point which in ordinary times would have been thought prohibitory. It is not alleged that the firms which have failed had been encouraged in their rash speculations by the Directors of the Bank. The great discount houses and the Joint-stock Banks are mainly responsible for the crisis, and much advantage might result from a Parliamentary investigation of the principles on which they are conducted. If private capitalists are exempt from the obligation of disclosing their commercial secrets, the Joint-stock Banks are assuredly entitled to no similar immunity. Four or five of these institutions have recently suspended payment, to the great inconvenience of their depositors, and -with the prospect of ruin to their innocent shareholders. Nor had their previous prosperity been less pernicious than their late misfortunes. The system by which the Eavings of individuals were conve-ted into commercial capital has certainly not been an unmixed evil ; but the managers of the banks were driven to find investmenits. for deposits bearing a high rate of interest, and in many instances their funds have enabled speculators to drive legitimate traders from the field. The Bank of England, with its publisation of accounts and its responsible management, has avoided all the error which characterizes the conduct of the insolvent banks. Parliament Will be slow to withdraw the restrictions whichiwould, have compelled the Directors to act prudsntly evsn if they had been otherwise disposed. There is no reason. to doubt the acquiescence of the Ilouse of Ccsumorz in the proposal for the reappointment of the Committee; but the debate of to night wvill re an opportunity for discussing the principles omn which the maiatenance or abandonment c. the existing laT must ultimately depend. Witnessea in a q'estion of this Idnd are mer ,ly assessors to the tribunal -which takes their '.datements and theories into consideration. The proceedings of a Committee on Currency are e nieflyvaluablefrom the facilitywhich theyafford for cross-examination. In a general debate members io' Parliament may produce their own speculations without the risk of anwering inconvenient questions. Before the Comnlmittee advocates of unsound dQctrines are compelled to carry out their own NW0ning until it lands theri in some obvious gbwcldity. Curious student! will be , rewarded for their trouble if they follow Mr. NzwmsAma Info the concluslons into which he is led by the logical perseverance of Mr3 'HANBxY and Sir C. WoO. The discusion of this evening will be less searchrng and less alarming, but it is desirable that,the subyect of debate should be aecrrately understood. The Governnent requires an indemnity for coining the credit of the Bank to au extent only limited D7 the high rate of discount i'po0sed as a,: condition of the additional issue. A sum of 2,000,0001. was consequently advanced for thi' relief of conreree out of the fund whi.'^. conT, stitutes the ultimate guarantees both for the Bank depositors and fbr the holders of notes. '.ThrW is no doubt that in the natural course of t.rade the extra issue will shortly be withdrawn frvom circulation, so thaS the paper currency will on ce, more benefit by the legal security which was provided by the Act of 1844. The operation is the same as if a hoard of gold, miade irremoveable by law, had been, by an em;teptionaI exercise of authority, used for parposes of discount. The transaction is equivalertt to a loan replaced at the end of the crisis which has ren6ered it necessary. If the consequences ot the Govermment inter- ference were limited to the immediate occasion ,t there would be little dispute as to the- expediency" of the measure. The injury to be apprehended consistS in the prospect that in all futurer monetary convulsions the Minister of the day will 'be compelled to'follow the example vwkich has nowr been set by two of his predacessors. Distremea traders are like the objects of indiscriminat&oharity.. Noe poor man is the worse for the beef and' beer and sixpences which he may have, received as a gifl. The mischief consists in the, temptationato he idle and wasteful, in-reliance on the, continued generosity of his benefactor. In, the' same ma3ner it may be apprehended that traders wvil be rash, and money-dealers lavish, when theyr know that the B3ank, after exhausting its legitimatel resources, will at the last moment be permitted to>; extend its issues by an indefinite amount. The,, proved weakness of the law, or rather or the mode in which it has been administered, furnishes its opponents with the most plausibleargument for the adoption of an opposite system;. yet it scarcely follows that all check on eommer- cial gambling should be withdrawn because the'security established by law has given way under extraordinary pressure. Mr. DIszR;fs, Plausible antithesis by no means exhausts the+ controversy. It may be that the rule wa&s. good, while the exception was justifiable. The, Government, on the other hand, notwithstanding a. practical mistake, may be right in principle. Thefault, perhaps, lies not in the strict limitations. imposed on the Bank of England, but iu the license allowed to joint-stock establishments. The' opinions of the highest mercantile authorities are: not favourable to laxity. Cautious capitalists are the last to desire unlimited bankidng facilities.
THE COUBT. (From the Court Circuar.) Mer Majesty the Queen went in state yesterday to theIouse of Lords to op;en tho session of PArliamnent with a.- Speech from the Throne. The State Procession was formed in the following order A carrige drawrn by six bays conveyed GentlemenUshe Colonel Master, Lieutenant-Colonel Stephens, and Mr. Wilbraham Taylor, and the Exon of the Yeomen of the Guard, Captain Morton Herbert. carriage drawin by six bays conveyed the Groom In Waiting to the Queen, Mr. R. Ormsby Gore; the Groom in. Waiting to the Prince Consort, Major-General Wilde, and the Pages of Honour, Mr. 0. E. Phipps and Lord. Castleuffeo A carriage drawn by six bays conveyed the Equerry in Waiting to the Queen, Major-General the hlon. Charles Grey, the eqiserry ine Waiting to ,e Prince, Captain dnth Plat, the Controller of the Household, Viscount Castle-v: rosse, and the Groom of the Pobes, Colonel F. H. Sey-. A carriage drawn by six bays conveyed the Silver Stickin Waiting, Colonel Parker, the Clerk Mlarshal, Lord Alfred Paget, the Field-Officer in Waiting, Colonel Foley, and the Tresurer of the Household, the Earl of Muigrave. A carriage drawrn by slx hays conveyed the Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard,Visnount Sydney, the Lord in Waiting to the Queen, Lord Rivers, the Lord in Waiting to the Prince, Lord George Lonnox, and the Groom of the Stole. to the Prince, the arquis of Abereorn, M.G A carriage drawn by sLx black horses conveyed the LAdy in Waiting, the Duchess of Atholl. the Lord Steward, Earl St. Germans, G.C.B., and the Gold Stick in Waiting, Viscount Gough. G.C.E. The Queen's !Marshahuen. Yeomren of the Gaard The Queen's footmen in State liveries. The State coach, drawn by eight cream-coloured horses, conveyed Her Majesty the Queen, his Royal Hi gness the Prince Consort, the Mhistress of the Robes (the Dochens ofr Sutherland), and the Master of the Horse (the Dake of Wellington).thLol The Queen asconducted to her carrage by the Lord. Chamberlain, the Marquis of Breadalbane, E.T., and the VioeChaniberlain, Lord Ernest Brace. A guard ef honour of the Foot Gnards mounted within the quadrangle of the Palace, nnd the band played the National Anthem, A detachment of the Life Guards formed Her Majesty's escort from the Palace to the House of Peers. Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal preceded theQueen to the House of Lords. Her Royal Highness accompanied by the Princess Mary of Cambridge, and was attended by Lady Caroline Barrington, Lord Charles FitzRoy and Colonel Biddulph. The Princess Mary wm attended by her LAdy-in-Waiting, Lady B. Somerset. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick Willam of Prussa,. attended by Colonel Francis Seymour, C.B., Captain Von. Schweinitz, and Dr. Wegner, was present at the ceremony of the openigof Parliament in the House of Peers. ThCron was conveyed to the House of Lords by Sir William Martims, Gentleman Usher. Her Majesty's Guard of the Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at. Arms was on duty at the House of Lords, under theocommandof the Lieutenant. Her Majesty returned to Buckingham Palace at 10. minutes before 3 o'dock and was received by the Lord Chamberlain and the Vice-Chamberlain. The Queen and the Prince fConsort, acoompanied by the Princess Royal, Prinoess Alice, and Prince Frederick Wllliam of Prussia, and attended by Major-General the Hon. C. Grey and the Master of the Household, went yes- terday morning to St. James's Palae and visited the Chapel, Royal. The Prince Consort, attended by Captain Da PIat, afterwards visited the South, Kensington Museum. The Queen and the Prinoe Consort, accompanied by the Princess Royal and the Princess Alice, left Bueldngham Palace for Windsor Castle st 25 minutes before 6 o'clock in the afternoon, attended by the Duchess of Atholl, Mr. R. Ormsby Gore, Major-General the Hon. C. Grey, Captain Du. Piat, and the Mlaster of the Household. His Royal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prussia. took leave at the departure of the Queen from the Palace. Earl St. Germans, the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Muar. quis of Abercorn, Lord Ernest Bruce, 1ord George Bennox, and Colonel Francis Saymour, C.B., coeducted Her Majesty to her carriage. A deputation from the Merchant Taylors' Company had an interview with. his Royal Hihnobss Prince Frederick William of Prusdia, yesterday, at Bacldngham Palace, and presented to his Rtoyal Highness the freedom of the com.. pany. The deputation consisted of-the Master of the Merchant Taylors' Company (MIr. Joseps Turnley), attended by the wardens, Mr. George Parbury, lb. W. Foster White, Mir. WMiim Gilpin, Mlr. Williar.ajckson, and Mr. SamuLel Flsher. clark to the oompany. Sir John Rev had an interview with Prince Prederick WillIam of Prussia, and delivered to his Royal Highnres: the gold box containing the freedom of the cty of London. with, the resolutions of the Gourt ot Common Council officially presented to the Priace at Guildball some time ago. PrinceFrederiok Willam of Prussia visited Count Bern. storf, the Prussian Ministers at his residence. on Carltonhouse-terrace. Prince Frederick WiiUia- of PruIa, attended by Captain. Von Sahweinitz, Dr. Weg ier, and Colonel Francis 9Bymour, C.B., left Backingham lfalace shortly before S o'clock last evening ou his return t, the co0atinent. His Royal High-. ness vent to the Londoa.bridge terminus, and proceeded to Dover. WIINDSOR, TruSDAY, DWc 3, Her Majesty cnd his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, the Princess Royal, and the Princo6s Alice, attended bytho ladies and Gentl}men in Waiting, arrivedat tho CastG about half-past 6 o'ciock this evening. Her Meety as ci the Royal party traveled from Pdtgton wt Wmndsot by a specil train on the Groat Wsterne Rallway.
COUrBT CIROULAR A meeting of tlhe Councll of the Duchy of Cornwall WM held yestirdg, There were praaent The Keeper of the Privy Se1avsco unt Monok, the Attorney-General, Mr. Alexander, tie Duke of Newuatle, lord Portman, ad the Seoxre, Mr. J. B. Gardiner. A. deputation, coosisUng of MT W. L Woods, fr. F. Pad,wjck, Mr. W She=n, .r G. ML Fort, and the Rv. L, Brown., had a interview with the Bight Hon. B. P Wmu '7erie yesterday at the Office of the Poor Law Board, °R the subject of rnedical relief in the Westb,oune ninon. The Judicial Commlttee of the Privy CoeSIl ut y.Mz day. An appeal, " Hocqnrd. the Queen." (the Newport Yive Admiralty St, Helen3 (p herd} was C
FOBBIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCE. (nFRoM OUR OWN CORREYSNDENT.) [The foUowing appepmed in our eonad edtion of ye. lerda? -.- PARIS, WEDSNFsDAY, DEW. 2, 6 p.m. The following is the copious report given in the ',loniteur of one day's proceedings in the French Chamber of Deputies:- " Opening of the sitting at 2. " Communlcation of a letter of IL Nogent St. lAurent, Dcusing himrelf for not being present. " Leave of absence given to AL Justin Derand. " Communication of letters, by which M. Le Barou Jules E'ortalis and IL Bucher de Chauvigne took the oath. "Declaration bythe Presidentthat MML Carnotand Goudshaux are considered as havinug resigned. "Reading of a letter of M. Henon, and observations Ihereon by the President. "Taking the oath by M. Henon. "Readlng by the President of a letter of x. Jules 3Sgeon, resigning. ;Acceptauoe of the redgnation. "Takng the oath by several members not present on the 28th of November. " Verification of powers and admission of nearly aU the D)eputies. Declaration by the President of the constitution Dt the Legislative Corps. "To-morrow, publio sitting at 3." Such Is the report given to the French people of the doings of their representatives in Parliament. Except in the Grand Council of New Amsterdam, as recorded by the veracious Diedrich KnickerJ.ooker, there is no instance of the work of legislation being so easily got through. The members of the Grand Council did not, any more than the :'rench Deputies, give their services gratis. "I In relurn for them," says Knickerbocker, " they were permittedto say 'Yes' and'No' atthe Council Board, and to have that enviable privilege, the run of the rublic kltchen-being graciously permitted to eat, drink, and smoke at all these anug junket;ngs, for 'which the ancient magistrates were nearly v famous as their modern successors." M. Renon, the Republican deputy for Lyons, took the oaths yesterday. He had been two or three days previously in a state of much perplexity, 9ais constituents having exacted from him a promise that he would accept this indispensable preliminary, iznd his recusant colleagues, MM. Carnot and Goudchaux, urging him to refuse it. His uncertainty wantinued to the last. He had his place duly :marked in the Chamber, and he nevertheless acted as if he would eventually leave it vacant. He prerented himself for the first time yesterday, and answered to his name. When called on by the President to repeat the words " Je iure," he kesmnned and stammered, and began an explanation as to the meaning he attached to the formula. Mhe President, whose freedom from prejudice in such matters is well known, seemed much amused at a man of sense affecting delicacy on such occasions; and some of the older stagers, who have served as many causes as Lord Turntippet, smiled in conscious saperiority at the strange spectacle of s patriot making wry faces when swearing love, homage, fidelity, &c., to a Government he would probably overturn to-morrow if he had the power. !he hesitation of MI. Henon was cut short by that stern, disinterested, and pure patriot Count de 3SIorny, weho asked if he meant to interpret the oath according to his own sense. The timid vrirtue of Mf. Henon took fright at this abrupt slemand of France's most honoured citizen, and departed; and M. Henon, though with a bad grace, sacrificed his Republicanism on the altar, or rather the desk, of M. de Morny-for It would be unfair to presume that he will not keep Lis oath. Something is again said of the Governnaent's intention to introduce a bill inflicting certain penalties on persons who propose thermselves as cantlidates, who sign their bulletins, and who canvass personally or otherwise for votes-thus in a certain measure recognizing the existing egire,w and who when ele^ted refuse to take the oath and their meats. It is said that by the projected law candidates must pledge themselves to take their seats if *ilected. M. Vaisse, Administrator of the Department of The Rhone, has come to an understanding with the 'Governmnent on the means to be adopted for the purpose of giving employment to the operatives of Iiyons, a considerable numaber of whom are thrown out of work. The first market for the sale of olives was held at Aix, in Provence, on Sunday last. The price obtained was 8f. the measure of eight gallons. The crop of olives this year is equal to a fair average, but the fruit is excellent and the oil of this year 'will be of the very best quality. The elections in the island of Sardinia have terininated in the return of 10 Conservatives, 2 Ministerialists, and 3 ultra-Liberals. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 67f. 65o. Tor the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f. 70c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 3,300f.; Great Northern, 902f. 30o. ; Straaburg, AlOOf.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 65f, ; Wrestern of France, 655.; Bordeaux and Cstte, BS0£. ; Great Central of France, 610f.; :Lyons and Geneva, 632f. fl.; WBank of Cr6dlt iI4Iohilier, 750f.; Austrian R:ailways, 667f. 50c. Cours Auhentiqu-.-PAs, Dec. 2.-Cash PrlcesYonr-and-.aHalf per Coents. (not reimbursable for 10 sears), 9lf. 90f. 80O. 70c.; Three per Cents., 67f. 67f. 10c. 15o. 205. ,Oc. ; Bank of Franos, 3,000f.; ditto (550f. paid), 3,000f. ; Qridit Foncier, Obligations oi 500f.,'Four per Cents., 420f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 400f. 402f. o.O; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents.. 91f. 25c. ; Cr6dit MobiiWer, 750f. 747f. 5Oc. 74Sf. 75c. 750f. 755f.; Discount Bank, 665f. 670f. ; Piednontese Five per Cents., S8f.;* Belgia Four-and-a-Balf ner Cents., 962; Rents de Naples (Rothschild), 84k- Spanish Three per Cents., Interior Debt, 37j 36I. Exchange on I~ondon, at s;ght, paper, 26f. 42Ao.; money, 26Sf 40e.; three mnonths, papar, 24!. 771c.; nmoney, 24f. 7Cc. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUB OWN CORRESOND5T-.) BERLIN, Dxa.l. The Immediate effect of the suspension of the lsury laws here has been a resolution on the part of the Bank of Prussia to make further advances on securities, viz., on stock, shares, &c., at 8 per cent., and on goods (raw and manufactured) at 7 per cent., the rate of discount for bills remaining at .i. This rise in the cost of money on loan has, however, been welcomed as a great advantage to the commercial world, inasmuch as with the rate of mnterest for loans fixed by law at6 per cent. no money s now to be had at all, and both the goodwill and the ample means of the Bank were of no avail to increase the amount of aecommoda. tion to the public. The indirect consequences of this repeal of the usury laws, temporary as it is, 'will be to render available a quantity of prlvate capital, which had hitherto been kept aloof from trade and commerce by the necessity of taking a rate of interest disproportionate to the risk, or else of entering into illegal transactions; and thus, after 'a short time, this accession of private capital to the 'wants of the commercial world will bring down the price of money to aa low a figure as before, without the aid of the usury laws. Another effect of the usury laws being altogether abolished would be, that a very large portion of the capital now invested in mortgages on loouse property in Berlin at from 4 to 4i per cent. rnll be called in. (The total amount of the mortag,e.on house property here amounts to seveneighths of the entire value.) Many of the present proprietors, who are almost without excep- OA^A retired petty tradesmen, withlittle or no means of their owsn, will be compelled to sell, and houseent may then possibly come dowsn to a less unreasonable figure than it stands at at present, where sill the capital is borrowed. Tne usury laws are suspended for the space of three months. It is not clear whether this period has been taken as the probable duration ef the pressure for money, or whether as the perlod within which it is intended to bring in a legislative measure for their entire abolition. s long as the present provisional conduct of public affairs by the Prince of Prussia slats it is very improbable that any new measure of legislation involving a change of principlewill be introduced, but before the lapse of the three months appointed Ufor the suspension of these laws the power of attopney granted to the Prince wil also have expii4 and it is not impossible that the question of iutroducing a measure of thi kind before the nezt Diet, which will assemble in January, may le made dependent on the manner In which the conduct of public business is to be conducted sub3equeiatly; whether by a renewal of these provisional towers, or by the establisbment of a regencyv Whenever such a measure comes on for discussion it will t,e ftmnd necessary at the same time to amend the law,--irbich at present requires all trust moneys to Ao invested in the public funds of the State; these funds have been hitherto bolsered up to a disproVQoronate1y high price by the dl4ouragement ex- tended by the usury laws to all employment of money on commercal ecurities, and- when these laws are abolished the funds will neceuarily come down grievousdy in price, the result of which will be that all the widows and orphans throughout the country wil be subjected to a fearful loss, from which they have no means of escape. From St. Petersburg we learn that at length a great demand for specie ha arisen there, not to meet pressing exigencies at home, as we are told, but for the purpose of takmng advantage of the premium on the export of specie. The Government has consequently ordered that where notes of large value are presented to'be changed the various banks and public treasuries shall give in return only a portion in speoie and the rest in small notes. Everything here in Berlin is excessively quiet 'ust now; with the exception of the world of money borrowers and lenders, there is nothing moving ia politics, foreign or domestic; the season for festivities or social pleasures has not yet begun, and everybody has full leisure to pass through all tho various stages of grippe and influenza, which continue in full foroe. As maybe expected under these circumstances, the theatres are doing very wrell, and even the Royal Theatres paid their expense last month and had a slight surplus. Of course, as long "s the bad times last in comlmercial circles, and e7nnu in the upper circles, this prosperityof dramatic enterprise will continule. It is therefore at a favourable juncture that Piccolomini and Giuglini made their appearance here last night on a " starring" tour which they appear to 'be taking through Germany under Mr. Lumley's auspices They were received extremely well by a house of which all the best paying portion was filled, the company consistig alost exclusively of memberz of the higher circles; and the warmth of welcome extended to them on their entrance increasead into delight as the audience, accustomed as they are to the stiff, forced style of German singing, witnessed the easy but spirited execution that is so well known to your readers. Tt is well that the number of performances to be given here la limited to two, which will probably both be brilliant andremunerative, but, beyond the Court and thevery few rich and travelled persons to be found here, there is no audience to be obtainedforItalianmusic. The Germanis very liboral in most things, for he finds his account In so doing,-it is a sort of petitio benevolente which calls for an equally tolerant judgment of German matters in return; but in music,-the one art in which Germany can boast of having produced the highest nsmes,-the German is, the most fiereely and exclusively intolerant creature that can be Imagined. He almost ignores all other music. ItaLian tunes are, to, his taste, only fit for barrel organs French comnpositions seldom deserve the name of music at al, and English music does not exist. The most charming compositions of Rossini axe not to be found printed anywhere in Germany, and music publishers, when you express your astonishent at these gems of melody not being printed in this musical country, tell you, "They're not wanted HAMBURG. (mot OUR OWN onWnMoNDinqr.) HIMBURG, Dzc. 1. I informed you that yesterday had been a day of the greatest gloom and calamity which our Bourse had ever yet experienced, resulting In the suspension of payment by the following prominent fir of this place and the neighbouring town of Altona1, C. J. Johns, Sohn, tea and colonial house; 2, C. von Leesen, banking-house, whose operations are extensive with Sweden; 3, Relimarus Nachfolger, insuranceaffairs; 4,Bussee and Halske, banking business with Sweden; 5, G. Kruhers and Co., Russian and Finland merchants; 6, T. P. N. Jahnke, money-chan-ers; 7, Cordes and Gr6nemeyer, corn affairs; 8, 7llberg and Kramer, Swedish agents, failed as expected; 9, Kriuher and von Oven, large export trade; 10, T. F. Kalckmann, isurance agency; 11, Wagener and Enet; 12, Bach and ,aspe, a young but highly respectable corn and butter house, stopped In consequence of the suspension of the house of Jahnke, the money-changer; 13, T. P. Ohristio and Co.; 14, Lomer and Uhde, South American trade (all these Hamburg houses); 15, C.T.H. Eschells,banking operations with Sweden and Norway; 16, Barbech and Wall, the same kind of business as the abo-ve-mentioned; and 17, Esohelles S6hne, colonial trade, of Altona. The firstclass firm, C. U. Schroder and Co., of which Senator Schroder is the chief, was for some hours also on the suspended list, but at a later period received suffisient assistance to go on. The great majority of the above-named houses are said to be only in temporary embarrarsment, holding acceptances of houses that, up to the present moment, were supposed to be quite firm, but which are suffering from the effects of the want of confidence. All the prompt and energetic steps hitherto taken have so far availed but little. Only imagine the amount of close upon 500 millions' worth of goods of all kinds being at this moment warehoused and in port on account of the mlerchants, and such a generaill want of confidence existing! There is said also to be about 60 millions of silver in the bank; but, on the other hand, up to only a few days ago local bills, amounting to tha sgun of 310 millions of marks were passed through the Stamp-office preparatory to being accepted, long and short; and, besides these, there is a mass of returned and protested bills from all quarters, the real amount of wehich Is not known. 4 o'Cxoou P.M. Upon visiting the 'Change at the usual business hour I was informed of the folowing further stoppages:-Conrad Warnecke, a very old-standing fiTn, considered to have been worth 2,000,000 marks. His business wvas confine, principally to colonial produce, especially sugar. This failure will involve an immense circle of friends in Germany, Denmark, and SSeden, with which latter country he was connected in bill transactions. v. C. Bahre, a shipowner and general merchant, hasis metmorning committed suicide, in consequence of his embarrassments. L orent am Eude and Co., a very old firm, carrying on business with Denmark, Sweden, and Norway, and several other firms have been mentioned as having suspended payment to-day. Besides Hamburg there are a number of Altona firms mentioned of great consideration. A lawf extending a respite of one month to all bills payable at maturity will be introduced immediately, thus placing all upon an equal footing. A telegram from Hamburg, dated the 2d inst., announces that the failures in that city had led to failures at Stockholm. Among others MM. Johns and Co., John Berger, Strcehmberg and Sons, J. H. Alenck, and other firms are mentioned as having stopped payment. The "Credit Society" was to commence operations on the 2d. Great depression was felt. A general meeting of the burghers of Hamburg has been convoked, to devise meaaures to stay the panic.
PF8SBNGES FBOM INDIA. The foUovwing is a list of the passengers by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's ste-Ship Ripon, bringing the heavy portion of the India and China milsn which arrived at Malta on the 25th nt, from Alexmdria, and is expeoted at Southampton on Saturday:- From Calcutta-Mr. aud, M. Maw and two children, Mrs. Hurst and infant, iAeutenant Clarke, Lieutenant Campbell, Captain Olive, Captain Chandler, Mr. W. C. Angove, Mr. Pilbrow, Mr. G. Chllvers, Mr. G. Thomas, Mr. J. Hodges, Major W. A. Cooke. From Madras.-Captaln Stewart, Mrs. Stewart, and ohild, Mr. Rean. From P;ombay.-Mr. Lebiston, Mr. Wood, Mr. M'Guire, Captaun Klrby, Dr. Sutherlnd, Captain Maxton, Mr. Latimer, Admiral the Hon. H. Kepple, C.B., and servant; Dr. Crawrford, Dr. Abraham, Mr. . Made From the Maurtius.-Mr. and Mlrs. Everard and two children. From Singapore.-Mr. Smith, Mr. Cuthbert (engineer, Peninsular and Oriental Company's aervice), and Mr. C. Cooper. From Hongkong.-Mr. Leonard, Captain Stailnforth, R.N., Assistant.Commi v-General Watt, Captan Corbett, R.N., Mr. J. Mitchell, Ensign arrow, heutenant Crose, Captain amilton, r. J. Frazer, Lieutenant Eonby, and Aieutenant Hudson. From Alexandrla.-3r. Turner, Mr. Milorest, Mr. Thomae, Mlr. Bpranger, Mr. D). Soott, Captain Gough, Mr. Hare, and tour servants. F.Grom , Malta. an dg Mrs. Paterson c^nhild, and servant; T. Davis, Mr. flcy, MYr. Alexander, and Mlr. Panton.
BOUTRM OON' , Thursday,-The Hamburg steamship Bornssia, Captain Trxutmana, arrived here tfisn morn. iag from Hamnburg, and leaves to-zaorrow with passengers and cargo for Newr York The Europ anad Americau Companfs stesanship Jason, Cai1n Brrtton, alved from london last nlight, ana remains mn dock. CBYETA} P-ON^E San& DAY, Thursday, Uiokets, 220; total viitbr; p69. t by t
MONEY-MABKETandOITYINTELLrGEN,gE. I Thursdy Evening. The funds have been without any important changes to-day. They opened at a decline of an eighth, and subsequently manifested a tendency to Improvement, but it was not maintained to the. close. Consols for money were firt quoted at 91k to i, and they returned to that price after having advanced to 91k to i. For the 8th of January the last -transactions were at 92 to i, or 90Ik to i ex. dividend. Bank Stock left off at 216 to 217; Reduced and New Three per Cents., 90k to i; India Stock, 218 to 220; India Bonds, 35S. to 25s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 4s. discomunt to par. During the morning 6O per cent. was paid for ahort loans, but later in the day the rate was to 6 per cent. At the Bank and in the discount-market the demand was active in preparation for the payments on the 4th. In the foreign stcok-market Mexican was in increased demand, and closed at a further advance. Turkish left off with heavineu, and for other descriptions there was little inquiry. Chiian Three per Cents. were negotiated at 69 and 70; Mexican, for the accunt, 19i and J; Peruvian Four-and-aHalf per Cents., 76pi; Sardinian, 85; Spanish New Deferred, for the account, 25j; ditto Certificates, 51 and 5; Turkish Six per Cents., for the account, 92, j, and #; ditto Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 98i and 99i; for the account, 99; and Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96i. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourae this evening were 67f. 50c. for money and 67f. 70c. for the end of the month, showing an advance of an eighth. At Amsterdam and Vlenna the markets are very heavy, and a3 Hamburg there are no quotations of any kind. The amount of gold taken to the Bank to-dsy waa only about 12,0001. An additional sum of about 100,0001. in silver will be sent to Hamburg to-morrow. It is also expected that nearly the whole of the 190,0001. of silver announced by the Orinoco will be despatched thither next week. The accounts to-day describe a general state of suspension, business of every kind being brought to a dead lock. The Senate, it is said, are about to pass a law giving a respite of one month upon all bils due. This is an open measure, and not necessarily an utound one. It gives an advantage to the debtor, but, as he will have to pay interest during the extension, and it will benefit all parties by affording breathing time, there are perhaps few who would object to it. It in, in fact, a kind of legalized declaration of insolvency, with protection for a month. There are some fallacies heard in each discussion on the currency that have been exposed so often, and yet are so tenaciously repeated, as to discourage all hope of the public ever being brought to comprehend even its plainest principles. The necessity for "an expansion of the circulation to meet the growing demands of an extended commerce," the claims of the commercial public for " support from the Bank of England in times of pressure," with the consequent necessity for an enlargement of its capital, and the duty of the Government to avert the ruin and "loss" resulting from periods of convulsion, are the three principal points painfully reiterated wherever half-a-dozenmen areassembledto resolve or petition about the crisis, and which will without doubt be droned over evening after evening and taken for granted as living truths In all the approaching Parliamentary debates. Let us look at them distinctly. What is meant by " expanding the currency in proportion to the demands of commerce ?" The currency conslsts of gold, and how can the supply of this be increased or diminished except by the ordinary operations of commerce ? Again, if it were increased, how would the alteration have any effect in assisting an expansion of trade? The value of gold depends solely on its Ecarcity, and hence just In proportion as the quantity is increased there is a depreciation in the value of that which previously existed. If the total of gold in the world were doubled to-morrow the wealth of the world would not be augmented a single pound. The goods which could be purchased with one sovereign to-day would then be procurable only at a cost of two sovereigns. Every existing contraot would be influenced to the benefit of the debtor and the loss of the creditor; but all future transactions would be calculated on the new scale, and the business of commerce would henceforth go on as if nothing whatever had happened. There would be no increased " facilities" to assist its expanaion. because, although the quantity of currencywould be doubled, a double quantity would be required in every operation. In like manner, If half the gold now in our possession were swept away the nation, as a nation, would not be poorer,because then every half-sovereign would do duty for a sovereign. If this rule holds good with regard to gold, of course it is equally applicable to paper purporting to represent gold. When, therefore, people talk of an expansion of the currency being requisite to promote an increased interchange of goods it is a simple gabble of fine sounding words which have not a particle of meaning, the absurdity being en. hanced by the fact that they have recently had the experience of the Californian and Australian discoveries before their eyes-discoveries which have benefited the indebted classes who are now clamorous for more at the expense or all the other classes in the country, but which have not influenced to a hair's breadth the permanent laws which determine the relative position of the various money-markets of the world. With regard to the next cry-that of the necessity of the Bank of England " supporting public credit" in times of presure, it is equally groundless, The relations of the Bank of Englancd to the public are precisely the same as those of any other bank. Their duty is simply to take eare of themselves, to make as much profit as they honestly can, and nothing more When a London discount house,during the height of th,e recent panic, made a sudden application to the Bank for 900,0001. to carry them through the day. they had no more right to expect it to be granted than If they had made it to Messrs. Glyn, or Robarts, or the London and Westminster Bank, or any other city establishment. The Bank of Eng. land as a bank has3no privileges whatever; it has nothing to do with the note circulation, and all that can be demanded of it is, that it should take care to provide for its own liabilities, and leave other people to provide for theirs. It is true that lt has the advan. tage of the Government deposits, but these are subject to the same rules as all other deposits, and when they accumulate largely towards the end of each quarter the Bank proportionably increases th3 facilities for letting them out again. It is plain, therefore, that whenever people mix up the Bank of England in their dicussions, as if It were an institution connected in some occult way with the existing system, they introduce an element4 of confusion which will render any clear conclusions impoEsible. The next and, perhaps, the worst] fallacy of all is that of treating the internal results of a panic as something involving unqualified evil to the community, and therefore such as to demand the intervention of the Government in the name of the people at large to avert ruin and loss. But an internal panic is simply a violent convulsion ia which one party make tremendous losses and another party enormous gains. It is very undesirable that such events should happen, but the way to cure them is not by interfering to shift the consequences from the right to the wrong shoulders. The way of prevention would be to let the lesson work its natural result. For years past the public and all persons with fixed incomes have been paYiug 10 or 20 per cent. extra for the various necessariea of life on account of an inordinate mpeculation, which has driven up prices in all foreign markets, to the great advantage of the foreign producer, at the cost of the English consumer. A crash has come at last, in which these things would have tambled to a point ruinous to the speculative importer, but highly beneficial to the purchaser, and especially so to the small and pradent capitalist, who, driven out of trade by the previous dishonest competition, might now come in and make some excellent investments that would giofar to compensate him for the past. The GTovernment, however, at the cry of "national ruin" raised by the speculators, hasten to disturb this procems. The public have been paying heavily all along, and when the tables are at last turned they are told that for the good of the nation prices must not be allowed to fall. It is doubtless very painful to see a universal panic in which houses apparently of teal solidity are broken down indiscriminately with the unworthy; but there is no effect without a cause, and if these houses had not in some way allowed themselves to approach the whirlpool they would have been safe. Moreover, the consequences of a temporary stoppage owing to a dead lock are far lees important to thoroughly solvent firms than is generally supposed Apanic never lasts beyond a few days, and it is surprising how people find their way out of such things when they are left to their own wits, and are not taught to rely upon the superior mercantile talents of Cabinet Ministerm Under any circumstances, whether the earthquake without Government intervention would or would not be as frightful as the alarmists pretend, there is no escaping the conclusion that in proportion to the sacrifices forced upon the incautious would be the gains of the prudent, who would come in to take advantage of them, and that the plea of relief being required for the benefit of the people, and not for that of one class against another is a sophistry as transparent as it is dangerous, A meeting on Tuesday of the xhareholders of the City of Glasgow Bank was remarkable for its contrast in tone to that of all the nssemblages in which dukes, lords, and others have participated on behalf of the Western of Scotland. A propossl was submitted, in which the directors concurred, for a thorough examination of the assets of the bank by a committee of five persons entirely unconnected with it, to be composed of three leading merchants and two public accountants of professional standing At the same time, a firm belief was stated that the capltal of the establishment will be found almost unimpaired, and there was no attempt to suppress the fact that its stoppage had been occasioned solely by imprudent mangement in not having kept a sufficient reserve. " We have done wrong, and must take warning for the fature," seemed to be the unanimous sentiment of all concerned. Neither was it sought to throw odium upon the other banks from whom they had asked asistance, nor to delude the public into further confidence until the claim to it shall have been established by proper investigation The committee are to make their report on Tuesday, and, if it should bear out the anticiPatiOns expressed, there can be no doubt the bank will resume operations forthwith. The Western Bank of Scotland are to have a meeting on Thursday week, the 17th, when a committee of shareholders wlll report. It will then be seen how far the directors were justified in recently proclaiming the existence of a surplus. The nominal excess of assets over liabilities on the 9th of November was 1,715,8921., or 215,8921. beyond the paid-up capital. Up to that time, according to a statement of the interim manager, "the known and undoubted losses were 800,0001., and it would now depend upon the course to be taken in the realization of the assets and the commercial state of the country to deter mine what additional losses might accrue." The hopes of a resuscitation seem to have been almost entirely abandoned, the managers of their various branches having rapidly seceded to other establishments. Looking at the means used to uphold this concern and to defy rebuke, the result that has been experienced furnishes a satisfactory Indication of the state of public feeling. The meeting of the Northumberland and Durham District Bank is to take place on Tuesday, the 15th, when an extraordinary state of affairs is expected to be disclosed. The debts of the bank are reported to amount to between two and three millions, while the assets consist almost exclusively of claims upon mines and ironworks. One establishment alone is said to be indebted to the bank in a total exceeding by 100,OOO. its entire paid-up capital of 652,8911. The suspension has been announced of Messrs. Barber, Rosenauer, and Co., German merchants. The amount of their liabilities has not transpired, but the event is attributed to the decline in produce and losses from the suspension of other firms. An. nexed is the circular issued:- "Mincing-lane, Dec. 3. "It is with much regret we have to Inform you that, owing to large and unexpected losses by recent failures, we have been compelled to suspend payment. " Oar books have been placed in the hands of Mr. Chat. teris, the accountant, and with as little delay as posslble a statement of our affairs will be laid before you. " we are, &c., "BARBER, ROSENAUER, As?,D Co.") The only other failure notified in London to-day has been that of Messrs. Hirsch, Strother, and Co., also a German firm, with liabilities, It is believed, of moderate amount. The Belfast letters mention the stoppage of Mr. G. C. Pim, largely engaged in the corn trade. A meeting of creditors of Messrs. BrockleBby and Wessels, corn importers, whose suspension was announced on the 18th ult., was held to-day, when a statement of affairs was submitted, by which it appeared that the liabilities amount to 40,4861., while the assets are estimated at 22,9311., or sufficient to pay a dividend of about Ih s. 3d. in the pound. On the part of the house it was proposed to wind up the estate under inspection, and It was shown that an immediate instalment of 5s. could be paid, to be followed in two months by a further distribution of 2s. 6d., the remaining payments to be at the discretion of a committee of creditors. The assets consist partly of grain of various sorts, and are valued at the market prices of the day. Full confidence was expressed in the uprightness of the firm, and after a short discussion the proposition was accepted, and three creditors were appointed a commnittee of inspection. The fanchester Guardian announces the failure at Liverpool of Mr. P. Magee (Magee and Corcoran) shipowner, &c. The suspension of Messrs. Fredricbsen, Clunie, and Co., West Hartlepool, in the corn trade, also appears in the Northern Daily Ph:press. The annexed circular and statement of affairs has been Issued this afternoon by Megsrs. Sanderson, Sandeman, and Co., preparatory to a meeting to be held on Thursday next. A surplus is shown of 105,9611., but this is without any allowance having been made for some possible losses on acceptances of failed firms, or for liabilities which may be incurred on 2,015,5851. of bills discounted, which have yet to run off :_ " London, Dec. 2. "Referring to our circular of the 28th ult., we have now to sate that at the meeting of gentlemen held at our office to-day to whom the accounts prepared by Messrs. Tur. quand, Youngs, and Co., the accountants, were submitted, It was recommended that a copy of the statement should be sent to eaoh of our creditors, and that a general meeting shoald be called in order to determine upon the course to be pursued for the liquidation of oar estak. " We beg therefore to annex a copy, and to Inform you that a meeting of our creditors will be held at the London Tavern, Bishonste-street, London, on Thuaday, tho 10h day of Decomber inst., at 1 o'clock preisely, at which wo hope for your attendano, or that of some one authorized to act on your behalf. " We are, &e., "SANDERSON, SANDEBMAN, AM Co." lMESRS. SANDERSON, SANDEMMW, AND CO.'S STA.rl- arsNT or ApFAlS, Nov. }1, 1857.. Dr.. a. Torwediton unseKured. . To credito platy seued 3 .7. £837,88I S 4 Bilhsof excbAugeheldas security 230.10S 9 S This bdalce wi be Increaedbyamount ot ,h T,53 1S 11 biUls as may ultimately proTe bad. Tocreditonsecored .. .. £2,810,001 5 3 Bill of exchange held as scrlty.. £2,S9,468 9 6 Government stoek 45,497 10 0 ,0e4 965 19 6 Eplu per coutra .. .. .. £19L957 1 3 To liabIlities on bil redlnonted.. £2,016,585 2 11 Of this amount it is Impoeible at presen to foym an etmate do what nay prove b and come aInrdt ti, esUte. £38,4561 Interest o dte of thi stementbasnotbeeneoaculheaoebit and credltbalanoes. mB ;6 X. d. Baebssa ndbankashares 1,72510 9 By bills ot excheag ean hand-yin, On houses sonlded good .. £,891 0 e Onhonsuwhich hare suaDded payment. .. .. .. 62.847 IS l It curot at present be etimaateduhat 1310 item ma1ly unimtely produoe. By loans and debts for whica mouitles we hbld.. .101 14 11 isted oriz .. .. 73,O 0 0 ByxmndrY4ebtos-yz, c.1 .. .. wit19 9 Debit balnes, £2C,316 7 d., estimated to realize. 06,90 18 5 _88 S,S251S s ByD autne' prvate ee bt t . about . 40.000 0 0 297,490 S 9 By mirplUt eoultea Y Per Contra. 9,957 14 3 This ltms wl be rsduosd by amo=nteet h bills s myultimately prove bad. £492447 17 0 The "peoie by the Orinoco will probably arrive in London to-morrow morning, but will not be delivered for some days. The silver, it is believed, will be sent to Hamburg, and the gold (100,0001.) will go into the Bauk. Subjoined is a memorandum from the Committee of Mexican Bondholders - " The committee have advces from Mr. Whltehead,dated Mexkco, the 3d ult. The agents of the bondholders had collected for the dividend fand, ptly in bills and partly iJ cash, altogether about S57,823-vlz., in Vera Craz, $32,430; in Colnu, $24,546; In azata, San Blas, and Guaym&a, 6, which would be sibpped as opportanities occurred. The present packet brings $12,000 fom Vera Cruz, but in Tampico nothing had as yet been receved. Mr. White. head had had an Interview with the now Minister of Finance, Senor Payno, and had obtained from him the reovry of $12,326 In Colims, which are included In the above aggregate amont. The Government was contem. platlng aloan of $5,000,000 to pay off floating debts. At the date of Mr. Whltehead's letter the President had not yet obtained the extraordinary powers for whick he had asked, but later accounts through the United States state that fat With the exoeption of the trouble which sundry vagrant prodatory bands caused in some parts of the Re. public the country was quiet." The following relates to a case yesterday in the Court of Bankruptcy:- " 3, New Basinghall.street, london, Dec. 3. "Sir,-I perceive in the Money Article of this day's Times that ' a petition in bankruptcy was opened aganst Messrs. Schlesinger, of Basinghall.stroet.' " Were it only the sameness of the name, I should not have thought myself jusified In requesng you to insert these lines; but as I am likewise carrying on my business in Basinghall.street, which, dmilar to theirs, is the essential oil and drug trade, the above statement may do me great injury, more particularly on the continent. " I Am not in any way connected with the firm, nor an I a relative. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, " LOUS SCITTYS IGER."
TAADE REXPORT. Thunsday Evening. SUGoAR.-The publlc sales eondsistedto.day of sugir chiefly of indirect import. For the better class there was much oompetition, but the lower sorts were not quite so 'well sunported, and were withdrawn The following are the parl- oulhrs--dz. :-Foreign muscovado, 700 hhds., 76 tlerces, 71 barrels brown, &336d. to 36s. ; low to middlng yellow, 37s. to 38s.; Porto Rico, 141 hbda. brown, 33. 6d. to 36s. 6d.; low to good yellow, 376d too43s.- Cabs,743 hhbds, 181 tierces, 15 barrls lowr to good brfght yellow, 35s. Gd. to 41s.; Havannah, 900 boxes floretee, 60s. to 51s.; good bright yellow, 46s to 48s. In the West India market 319 hhds. have been disposed of, and 100 tons unelayed Manilla at 30s. 9d. per owt CorFmn.-Tbere was one publio sale of 153 casks, 112 barrels and bags of plantation Ceylon, which sold without change. RIcX.-About 3,000 bags have been sold-Bengl, at 8s. 6d. tolOs. for lowmiddling to good, and li&adras at 8s. per cwt. SALrTnXT.-The better descriptions have brought enhanced rates-viz., 43s. for qualities under 5 per cent. ; 7A and7ercet. hs raize 40n n12i to IQ perc~ent. refraction,. to 35s. 6d. U0pwaradns of 1,200 bags have TAu.OW.-The market is firmer; 50s. 6d. to 9dL is the price for the year, 51s. on the spot, 5s Gd. to 9dL January to March, and 52s. Gd. is offered for March.
THE UNEMPLOYED AT PBiSTON.-The manufacturlng industry of Preston and neighbourhood remains in thesame condition s previously described in 2lth Times; but as time wears on the amount of piaperisan increases at a rapid rate. This week there are no less than 8,038 recipients of out-door relief, 1,849 more than last week, and 4,000 more than in ordinary times. We regret to add that the crisis has been taken advantage of by designig persons who, though far from being " badly off," have obtainea relief, imagining that the guardians would not be able to discriminate between the various classes of applicants at this exciting period. With the view of checking the practice of this kind of imposition, the Board on Tuesday ordered two of the delinquents to be prosecuted for obtaining money under false pretences. In consuenee of the groat demand upon the services of the relievg officers, the guardians of the township of Preston have undertaken the duty of vlsiting the recipients of outdoor relief, and thus ascertaining the merits of the cases. A deputation has been appointed to Wait upDn Mr. Chadwick, contractor for the construction of waterworks for the Preston corporation at Dllworth, with respect to the employ. ment or a large case of labourers at present dependent on the rates. We are glad to record another movement in the same direction, which it is to be hoped will be crowned with success. Yesterday (Thursday) ap rinted circular to the corporation was issued by Messrs. Myres and Veevers, land agents, and the representatives here of Mr. T. Tomlinson, barrister of London, in which they make a proposition for the construction of a new road, to be called " the Addison-road." Mr. Tomlinson Is the owner of the Green Bank Eatate, which comprises about 200 acres of land. His agents here merely require the sanction of the corporation for the formation of the road in question, which will be seven-eighths of a mile in lengtb, and extend from the west-end of the Serpentine-roat to the township of Ashton. The circular states :-" The cost of construction is intended to devolve entirely upon the landowners, the estimated CDst eing upwards of 6,eO3., and the nerifice of land necessary fort being about five acres; the road is intended to be of the vidth of 15 yards, and wil require a bridge over the Lancaster aUlway, and another over the Iancaster Canal." The document further points out the advantages of the pro. posed road, and requires only that it shall be taken by the authores as a public highw aiter being dedicated. The writers also suggest "that the exp nditure of so large a sum as is contemplated, being chiefly in labour, will at the present time be a groat boon tthe working classe and will, more or less, be a present relief to tho ratepayers." Messrs. Myreis and Veevers add that Mr. Lutwidge, the owvner of the Peel Hall estate, is wiling to concur with the corporation in the formation of a road from the east end of the Serpentine-road through the corporation land to Ribbleton-lane and Sew Hall-lane, with connecting roads to Moor-park A venue and St. George'a.road. It is to be hoped that both these projects wllt have the co-operation of the corporate body, b,ecause, wrhiletheyill be permanently advantbgeous to the town, they will at the present juncture afford employment to some hu~ndreds of ouw starying popa.
THE CORN TRADE. _ M.hCWEMSTEP. Dim - DOSESi-SO lin our lat -eport has oOntrnuod In the Interral. but the ltstOteo trade generally has tended t, checkr any dia. Pogition on the part or buyers to oWerte freely, and purchase Of aul artices have beenreskdtried to the supply Of Prescntrequirmet.. The forign imPDrta into Liverpool wre oehify from America and con"is of fair quantities of wbeat and flour, and moderate of ndian corn. From Ireland the arrivas wre again only to a limited extent. per qloarter,n farkeitn Od. the 3d.tpe Wbuat Ver fe. to &pr nsation ocured, And Weo no,thaler oamr qotatIos Fo f ourl 2 d. tor qusper hackbore mOn bey was askeda, with scacel anf Inqur follr OthIe articl Oatberndoatmoeay ol Basandpll at naltered. Durougthtes perqartwerk tdaeehe le Dmedamket rbule they langrud olAst wlesek. marlytket, n the 2th, a ha t weg Id to 2a per qaterd Ing upwards, btut with a limited sale. Beans not much inquired for. At Wiverarnitoc esteday heatsoldslowly at a rise of ls, to At tis ay' maketther wa a hor suply of English wheat, andduesamlerreaize I. t is 6d pe qurte mre money, while seoodar wee rahercheper Barey carelymaintained itin alue. Mor din Inoas t revou rte. Pasquteaa dear. Very Utie BOSiTON, D Xc. The supplies oft wheat at the markets in this locality haveo fallen off of late, and there having been more animation in the trade pricer hare adratoed 35. to 38. Per quarter. Spring corn also kaa experIenced an improved demand, and currencies are 6d. to Is. per quarter higher. At to.day market there waa a fahir supply of grain. The fined qualities of wheat sold readily at 8. per quarter advance, and other sjorts werenodghtafter atwafsimiar a Impovey'metOakts andaothe graIe sol at thevatces of laqatent week,'hsflown rarethe quotations: bnarley g5.toding. pealey were taken of LasIy t Is. toavrage atr Brtnme -Wh ad eat,4,1 qurers,La per. oawter de2 uares tSr d:b quarters, at ISo.D3d. A hort wsuapplraeyho of wheat atr to-day'smake, nd aed yr wereoom riledatoa advane of. Per pureruarter monlast wee'srates. Bothnde malt ing andgrfindigobrlheyberetmakeinsopfeely OthIs. ts Inamoredmne. Z1BARNSEYE, DEc. L. At this morning's market there was a steady sale for good wheat slo atforerrats. hee wre rety wllcleared oft. Afair sap ply f lan toc an pis, hic sod haviy.Beef, Cs 6d.tto 7s. Cd, perstoe o 14h. muton Gi. o 7. pr l.;prime wethors, 7d. PORTSMOUTH DEc. 1 At to-day'# market there was a liber alhow of wheat, which met a brisk demand at fully former rater, Is.to 2.pe quarter mnore mnoney being paid In some instances, 3lour ad .T tfultoe. ai advanced 6d. per barrel, reya ul ae,Ot ERISTO, x.S We had a large supply o nlsiwett-a- ho oda s to 2s. per quarteradae.bttetaewsntbi. rIg3. per quarte, dearrL atn alyO.w ure ihr -idn in tetter demand and folya er e v mr nur o as but Talues are not dearer. 7chneIotratils OLOOESTEB Dxc I' Thesuply f Eglih hea Ialimtedtothis and the neIghbour. lug arkts,and ell redil at n avane o 2a. to le. per quarter. Forlgnis n bttr rquet a I. t 38 o Ir ast week's currencIms Barly i mor inuird fo, ad du qulites aye saleable at an im- formr vlue. Weexpriece asomwha bater alefor Oats, and EDflN'BURGH, DEa . 3 At this morning's market there was caot quite so much grain on offer aI Of late, and a ready sale was experienced for must descriptions at Improved. prioes. Quotations :-Wheat, 25e. 6d. toI5a. per quarter; barley. 2LOs to 30g. ; oats, 19g. to 29s. beaus, lIL. to 44s. At the cattle-marxet to-day the sale of both hearsk and sbeewa very slow, and many were left over. Beasts 4d. per stone lower.=et 7g. to 8s. per stone; mutton, 6d. to 61d. per lhi GLASGOW, Dxc.3S. The weather has been rhanseable. Uosatwise and frm ILreland the supplies were lght. 3Prom abroad direct, they oonisited ot 8,945 quarters of wheat, along with 3,CCA barrel of Slour from Montreal, and 523 quarters of whea, ut 2,7 quarters of hens, from Alexandria: vTM Girtaaemouth of 597 quarters of wheat, ,td quarters of rye, anda 487 sacks of diou fromi theCOm. There was a fair demand for most articles during the Week at Ira. proving rates. This day's market was well attended by town and counmtry buyers: there was less buoyancy, however and the advance upon air article, did not exoecd Gd. per respectve 6011 barrel, and sack.
[Advertisement.]-aPul Jerrard's New Gift Book, " But. terme In their Ploni Homes." A e-se of iture repretenting some Of Or moet beaUful native butterflies in their vaiant stages. prOoPed amOng the Plsute and flowers on which they feed; eacoh oomn. PDoitonD forming a complete pictue rihly tcoloured fm obolos speci- mens Of the iueecte ad flowee The plate acompanied by Iiastra., tive fables. suggested by the pb's" and indidenteof Insect life and the special beauty of butterflte& The profoAe ornament, eenisEtng of Portraitaxe of some of the moat elant gra ac., wre printea in old. An elegantly enrIched dedication page sfforcd au appro iae sprci desnerdt eXPreey to recelve the name of the ghTeror r Ienier ot the work sad the binding Ix ot a novel desmiption, introduced foe tho first time expdpsly for this bo-o. Price L 6d. London, Paul Jerard, M1 and 170, Pleeit-ueet [Advertissement.1j" OuLtram anid Haveloekc's PercAam Compeigp." by Catan G. EL Huntk 78h Highlanders. "A loeian. cboly intereatreacleg itelf Io this smlei but lurd naative of the Ilae Perran eXpedatIon, nIt gallant and accmplitsd author ha Since succumbed to cholera while marching under Genera Ilaiok to the relief ofLucknow. rndependently, however, of thit scolnoMn. datlon to the mympathies of the BRitih public, Oaptsin.nunt's manly and Ubrsfected story of the Pesacn I m ti entitled by ir SutLo mone to a large popularity. His p has ai. bee -i' in to formra Aure corret notio of the arioDe scenes which uar described In the lette.tems."-Allen's Indiau MaIll The secood i,ooo now, nready with at vonted lithographs from sketches by the anuth 7. lonuo George Rootledgeande o., ° ninydou D [Advertisement.)-" Manty Though.so being atmresryof refernes selec td ftrom tanks oth*es Great and tke Gret Unknown, comped by HemrySonthgte. "We ebould do anator t ato were we not to sythat his Tolume s--'rbfto ae ne't Laurate' * Com-mon-Plac Book.' ceemrj~ acid xxatters which are wholly Onuotioed by hiwespeto~,
.RAm WAY AND MIXIyG SHABBS. Thursday Evenlsg. The railway-market opened with little alteration, but subsequently an improvement took place in Great Northeru and Midland from purchases consequent on a raumour that the two companies are about to enter into an agreement; London and North-Western declined from the same cause. Lancashire and Yorkshire, Great Western, and SouthWestern also receded. North-Eastern stocks remain firm. Great Western of Canada were in b3tter demand. Indian descriptions at one period were higher, but the improvement was not maintained, and they closed with increased weakness. French shares advanced in the morning, but afterwards receded, and in some cases left of at a reduotion. American securities were flat, esuecially Illinois and NTew York Central. The transactions in mines have been limited, and the final prices were generally lower, except in United Mexicau, which show a further advance. La joint-stock banks a relapse occurred in Australasia; other descriptions were steady. In miscellaneous securities the only important variation was in European and American Steam and Peninsular and Oriental, which were quoted at a nominal improvement. ORDINARY SEAIarES AND STO08.
[Advertlsement.}-Nolan's "History of Ind."-just Du lished. Part L of an illUstrated history of that country from the earlest perlod to the prMent time, by the author ot the - war "nagja Rusla." The iUustratlons wll be engraved on steel epcially for the work and wiUl ompdrse pDrtralts, views of places, and map. Every exertlon wil be made to tender it an anthentio and pular record o£ aU that is important In the history of British India. The work wil be publbhed in parts at Is., ech containing two engravings and 40 pages of text. It may also be had in duvIBioun at 6s., and wil form when colmplete Iwo handsome royal octavo volumes. London, James S. Virtue, City-road and Ivy-lane. [Advertlsement].-" The Mutiny in India", (prioe Is. boards), compiled by a former editor of the " Delbi Gazette, and formsin a correct and complete narratve from the RiSing at Meerat to the Pallof Delhi. "Great care basbeen tsaes by the editor in producing the above work to make It a substantIally correct epitome of the terrible senes that have been enacted in our Indian empLre, nsf ficlentlycomprehensive forall general purposes.n London, George Boutiedge and Co., Farrlngdonuetreet. (Advertisement.]-Tho New Christmas Book for Pre. rents; norooco elegant, 7I. in extra cleth, s. 6d.: four stamps extra by poet.-" Proymrbiala.nd koral Thoubhts," In a series of essays, by Charlea Henry Hanger. "These eeays ae thoughtfllUr. carefully, and ably written, and In a manner at once attractive and Dleasing."Dublin Evenis': Post, July 15. 1857, " The author of theee es;y is gifUe with bigi Intellectualynd moral aspirations, and his sentSments are unexceptlonl In their tone."-Liverpool Courier, July 1, 1857. "The style Is .ound and strong. It is netrous and conclusive. come. ttimegf condeuring a werld of thought In the compere ofi s weUl-turnes sentence."-August 4, 18i7. " The lovera of Mr. tuppex'e ' Proverbial Phlloeophy' willhe delighted with Mr. Hanger's wors; The subjects are well chosen and tre5ted on in a masterly and truy noetir style."Ctty Preus, Sept. 9. liondon, Jme Cornleb, 297, HlIgh Hiolborn, 5'Adverbisement.}-" Smiles and Tears." Such is the tite of an entirely newv pocerful, and deeplyinteresting tale, by J. F. Smith, author of Dick Trletonz, to., chapters 3 and 4 ot which wIll appear in No. 2 of " Cassell's Mlstra iedaumily Paper " neow eries, which now contain 16 pages demy quarto. prioe Id. SimunSeaneonsly with chspters 3 and 4 of bis tale, by Blr. J. P. Smithl there will appear chapters 5, 6 and 7 of the domeatlo tale by Feix htowe entied "Laton." Besides the engraving illunetrating " Bmiles and TearsP Is an exceUent likeness of bis Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, from a photograph by Ma U; a grahlCoSene of Wood, the Fiheman. RescPIng kothber and dlld from Fire: and a View in Calcutta. In order to prevent diappointment to the hundreds of thoneandts wo are anxious to --s- the splendid paneratrolo manp and chronological history of IniRa (Issued for one month with No. 1,new series, at the prioe of Ijd, toaether), John Causil has arrangedd to keep the macblues workcing night and daty, and all orders will be executed in the orderSin whbich they are received. Volume 4ht now ready, price 7g. 6d.,,Sa cloth boarsdi; and Se. 6L, in leper corers. London, rW.K]ent anda Co. FAdvertiaement.-The "Art JonrniL"-Volume for 1I55. The December number (prioe 2s. 6d.) completes the TOIUme for 1857. and contains two engravings from the Royal CoUection" vEing Sn. Italy," after Ricbhrdson and "The J4er," ai4r Fott. with an enaving of BMOO ego.) afterW. The literature includes " The Art Treaures Rxhibition-ita Object and Results ;' "South Kensington duteuan - "Rambles In RomeRaeU4br F. W. Jairholt, F.8.AL, iiutneted; "The Crysta Palace-(o tbl Art," by the llev. 0. Boutell, MA.; " The Steam' engine," by R. Hunt. F.R.S. ; " Gilt-books for Christmta" Ililusrated, Vhlr ftCo, G 5, laW Aru rw, London; and au bwokaiR
LAW REPORT. 71CE-CEANCE,LLO]i' COURTS. DEc. 3. _ SCQTT V. TH1E CORPORATION OP LIVERPOOL. (Before Yict-Chazador Sir J. STUART and Jfr. Justwe 11'T. I b1a case, the heeing of which was commenced on Wednesday, and the nature of which was stated in rite Times of this day (Th"raday), occupied the Court the whole day, and was stil not concluded. Mr. Malins, Mr. Collier (of the common law bar), and Mr. Karslhke appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Bacon, Mr. Knowles (of the common law bar), Mr. Hawkins, Air. MliUrward (of the common law bar), and Mr. Roweliffe for the defendants. (Before VIoE-CHAxoELLon Sir W. P. WoOw.) VIZ]cELLY V. JOHNSON. Mr. CAiNs (w{ith whom was Mr. W. Morns) appl%ad ez parte, on behalf of the pklintif, the proprietor of the .lustrated Times, for an injunction to restrain the defendant, who Is the proprietor of the Lady's .Ncwspaper and Pidtorial Times, from printing or publish!u any further copies of No. 570 of the last mentioned periodical, and from vending any further copies thereof, or any publication whatever containing acopyof the plaintiffs engraving and sketch of the life and character of Nana Sahib, or any colourable imitation thereof. It ws alleged in support of the application that the right to make and publish a wood engraving from the original picture of Nena or N,'na Sahib was purchased by the plaintiff from the owner of such original picture, an officer in the IndiaL army, and that the plaintiff afterwards procured a competent person to write a sketch of his life and character, whieh engraving and sketch were in the month of SeptemberpubEshed in the IllusCrefed Time, and had since (as alleged) been pirated and published by the defendant in the last number of the Ladp's YXewcpap>cr, &c. The VICE-CHEL,LOR granted an inLterimn order tDI the next seaL. VOOD V. TIE WARWICK BURIAL BOARD. This was a motion (turned by consent into a motion for a aecree) for an injunction to restrain the defendants from making any entrance to a certain field or cemetery on the road from Warwick to Birmingham, or erecting any building on anypart of the said field, contrary to a certain memorandum of agreement mentioned in the bill, the substance of the plaintiff's complaint being that the eatranoe proposed to be made by the defendants would be precisely opposite to a new intended entrance into his own property, Stanhillpark, which abuts on the other side of the turnpike road, and would be in contravention of the terms on which he had consented to the purchase by the burial board of the field in question. The arguments were not concluded at the rising of the Court. Mr. Willcock and Mr. Sohomberg for the plaintiff; Mr. Rolt and Mr. Eddis for the defendantg.
COURT OF QUEBVS BN1CI,. WSTIM;T T nF.r R LUCAS V. PiATTqhNA- t4llutngs at Nii PrIus, before Lord CAmiBELL and Common Juries.) fIr. NowL Es a piUed to his Lordship to stay execution in this case, which nad been tried before hbn on Tuesday, on the ground that the damages were excessive. Lord CAMPBELL did not think the case was one in which he ought to interfere. WATTS V. LEGIr. Mr. Prentice was counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Peters.iorff and r. Lsxton appeared for the defendant. The pb'intl tin h1 action Is a licensed victualler at llroinpton. The action ws vsbroougiht toicered cv aler a tsmo ., inctuding the price of a dotcat, and a quantity of bricks,Eand sundry dinners and bottles of ale, supplied to the defendant, wvho is a livery stable keeper in the same neighbourhood. He paid 1&. into court, and claimned a set off for the hire of a horse and vehicle. The Jury found for the plaintiff-Damges, 91. 17g. 5d Lord C.iPBEx remarked that the case ought never to have been brought in a superior court, and he was sorry he could not deprive the plaintiffof his costs. ORMONuD V. IIOLLAND. Thisactin wa broght o reovercompensation for in"juries sustained by a workman whivleeengaed in the service of his employer. The case had only been part heerd when theCout rse t 1o'loc, hs Lrdsip eig obliged to ae ithe C t HousE of e°Of°LkorhdtSs; wie therefore reserve our rport.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, WESTmThR Dx)a 2. - - WAIASOIT AN'D OTHx1M V. BOOTI. siings at Nsi Prium, before the LORD CHMRF JUSTICE CociBUxN and a Sipeida JTury.) nsu. erpeant Byles and Mr. Harcourt were connsel foz the plaintiffs; and Mr. Finder (in the absence of Mr. Ser. jeant Ballantyne) represented the defendant. The plaintiffs in thiS action are attorneys, and sued the defendant, a nephew of Sir Felix Booth, the well-known distiller at Brentford, for their costs inourred, in various complicated proceedings in Chancery, common law actions, and lunacy. The formidable array of briefs in front of the pliuntiffs' counsel, said to contain 500 or 600 letters, were in conformity with the nature of the action. It appeared from the statement of the plaintiffit counsel that the defendant's grandfather was a Mr. Williamson, one of those men who possess one of the most valuable gifts of nature, a sound judgwuent5 which he employed so well that all he touched appeared to turn to gold, and at his death he had amassed u ,0001. Shortly before his death he had purchased a manor; and from this circumstance, although hts property was so great, it became necessary that certain large legacies should abate. One of the defendant's brothers was unhappily lunatic; and the defendant, at his own instance, was appointed his brother's committee. The defendant was a gentleman of fortune and a captain in the army, but considered himself a better lawyer than he really was ; and to touch law unadvisedly, the Serjeant said, is to handle edged tools and ganpowder. 'Under this comn bination of circumstances proceedings to abate the legacies proceedings in lunacy and actions, and much litigation descended to the defendant, and this bill was one of the results. The simple question for the jury was the retainer of the defendant. It appeared from the evidence of tha plaintis' managug clerk and one of the plaintiffs that the plaintiffs had done a large amount of law busness for the defendant in various actions and in the matter of the lunacy, and that, although in tnat matter the defendant had been told that if certait matters were conducted properly he would get the costs out of the lunatic's estate, which was 2,0001. per annum, they had never exonerated hin from personal liability. It also appeared that, although it was competent to the defendant to obtain the costs from the Court vithout the sanction of the plaintiQ8, the plaintiffs could not do so without the defendant's consent, and had the defendant alone to look to, The defence-was that the defendant, who admitted that he had known the plaintiffs for the last eight years, and had employed them extensively, had been led to believe, prinCi. pally by the plaintiffs' managing clerk, that the costs were to come out of the estates, and that he was not to be r sonally responsible. It also appeared that the defendant had taken an active part In advisng what was to be done. The LoeD Cmxr JusTicx, in summing up, adverted to the number of letters, and expressed his regret that the defendant had given instructions to resist the claim, Verdict for the plaintiffB-9541. 9s. bd. At half-nast 1 the Court was adjourned for one hour, to enable the Chief Justice to attend in the House of Lords.
COURT OF EXCHEOTER- Tmmniv n- 2 BRA-LMT V. CRAnnnA(w Alr- --- (.-Aings at Nis! Priuw, beforc the CninI BARos.N Mr. Serjeant Ballantine and Air. Quain were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Grove appeared for the defendants. This was an action of trespass for false imprisonment, to which the defendants pleaded, as a justification for giving the plaintiff into custody, that he, being in their employ had received certain moneys on their behalf, which he had feloniously embezzled and stolen. The plaintiff is a German, and, according to his own satement, it appeared that he was in the service of the defendants, who are ship and insurance brokers. a a weekly salary, and that he was allowed a small commssion on any charter-parties which he might procure for them. On the 2d of October ho obtained two charter. parties for Messrs. Rogers and Gladstone as if on his own account, and received from them 41. by way of commission, after having just before borrowed 2s. on his next week'e wages from the defendants, and having ineffectually solicited from them a loan of 21. The money thus obtaintd from Mess Rogers he did not account for to his employers, partly expended in clothes and in travelling to Colchester, whence he shortly after wrote to a fellow-clerk, saying that he had seen his sweetheart after 10 months separation and was determined no longer to slave for the deendants. In the courseof a short time he was traced and taken into custody by order of the defendants, on a charge of obtaining money by false pretences, which on investigation bcefore r. Alderman Salbomons, at the Mansion. house, was dismissed. At the cloee of the plaintiff's case, The CHFy BARON intimated that in his opinion there was abundant evidence of reasonable and probable cause for the defendants giving the plaintiff into custody, though it might be that they had made a mistake in charging him with one offence,iinstead of the real one. hfr. Sergeant BANI%rX suggested that it was a question for the Jury, and that it wras for them o say whether a ony had actualy been committed. This was not an action for a malicious prosecution, but for false imprlson. The Clmp BARON.-That makes no difference. Mr. QUAIN argued that in order to prove the plea it was necessary for the defendants to show that the money h&a been received "for and in the name of the plaintiffs master8!' in the words of the statute. The Curny BARON.-That is an ingenious way of putting it so as to fix the defendants; but I am of opinion that it ought not to prevail. Uon the plaintiffs own showing he received this money while in his master's service, and instionff ayting it over to them he spent it. The only quies. tin~ rter Ballantine, wehryoulwll be nonsaited. hm uerjeant BAs L &wm preferred a verdict against him under his Lordship's direction. The Cum B,aox.-Very well. Then, gentlemen of the jury, I direct you to find a verdict for the defendant. The question of reasonable and probable cause is for me. and I am of opinion that there was such cause for the conduct of the defendants.he efndats The jury thereupon found a verdict for the defendants. His LOxnsnIp, however, at the instance of the learned serjeaut, consented to stayl execution till the fourth day of next term, in order that he might nove for a new trial on the ground that the case ought to have gone to the jury.
WINTEB ASSIZES. HOME CIRcuri' IDSTONE, DEc. 3. tBelore itr. Jtkice WILIs.) HumphreyWikliham, 49, was indict-d for felonionsiy shooting at JSizaboth Wilckham, his wif, with intent to murder her. hMr. Addison conducted the prosecution; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Rfbton. The prisoner, it appeared, was a labouring man residing at a place caled Bedford-row, in Maidatone ; and on Sunday, the 20th of September, he came home very much intoxicated and bringing with him a gun, which it appeared he had purchased. His wife remonstratei with hiKL upon his folly in purchadng such a thing as a gun, and this led to a quarrel, and the prisoner became very excited and exclaimed, " You are my wife, and I will shoot you " and she, being alarmed at this, ran out of the house, and when she had gone a short distance she turned Into another street. At the same instant the prisoner levelled the gun and fired in the direction higwife adtaken, and the shots strack the wall of the houses close to her, but the prosecntrtL did not receive any injury. After the prisoner had fired the gun, and while the bysanders were mn the act of aecuring him, he said, "I will shoot the.-; I don't mind having a rope round my neck for it to-morrow morning." It was admitted that the prisoner was very drunk when all this occurred, and there appearecd to be some doubt whether the gun was fired until after the prosecutrix had turned the corner of the street, Mr. RIBTON, In his address to the jury, urged that the risoner really had no intention tolinjpre his wife, and that the gun was only fired to frighten her, after she had turned th corner ofthestret, and whenL she could not by any possibility have received sany injury. The jUy, after some deliberation, returned a verdict of RYot GucZy. Michael Malone, 21, a private in the 41st Regiment, was indicted for a robbery with violence upon Robert Bayley. fr. G. Denmnn conducted the prosecution. The prosecutor, it appeared, was a mariner, and about a quarter-past 9 o'clock, on the evening of the 12th of July, he was walng on the high road near Deal, when he met two soldiers, one of whom asked him what oclook it ws. He informed them, and was proceeding on his way, when one of the soldiers knocked him down by a violent blow with a stick, and they then both held him down and forcibly took away his watch, and then left him. The pro. secutor was unable to identify either of his assailants, but It was proved that on the 27th of August the prisoner went to the shop of a pawnbroker named Long, at Dover, and offered to pledge the watch that had been stolen from the proseoutor. The pawnbroker declined to take the watch in pawn, and laid it on a back counter while he went to another part of the shop, and the pSrisoner, during his absence, jumped over the counter and seized the watch, and an out of thes8hop. He afterds5 tried to sell the watch to another person, to whomnhe stated that it had been given tohim by a glrlwvho had received it u a keepake from a Marine who hadi goneto TIdia. The prisoner now repeated the story of the watch havin been giveunto him by a girl and he denied all knowledge of the robbery. The jury found the prisoner Guilty of receiving the watch knowing it tohave been stlen, and he was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment and hard labour. A lad, named Stephen Curls, wascoharged iwith a capital Mr. BR&now, who appeared for the prosecution, having briefly opened the case to the jury, and stated that the prisoner was charged with an unnatural offence, but he thought that probably the safer course would be to consider whether he ought not to bo convicted of the attempt only, he proceeded to call the witnesses, but it appeared that none of them were In atteadance An application was upon this made to his Lordslhip to let the case stand over until they arrived. Mr. Justice WILIES said he had no power to adjourn the case after the prisoner had been given incharge tothe jury, except he ordered the jury to be looked up and prevented from communicating with any one untll the trial came On. Mr. BAsRow said that cases had been postponed on former occasions under siilar circumstances. Mr. Justice.Wmirs sald he was aware of that, 'but there were great doubts whether it was a legal proceeding. A er waiting a short time, and no witnesses having made thoh. appearanoe, HisLosDsEgan said that, as there ws no evidenoe to support the charge, he must direct the jury to acquit the prisoner. The jury accordingly returned a verdict of Ztot GuilQV.
ZNSOLVEZ{T DBBTOBS' COURT, Dec. 3. IN RE LORD GEORGE TOWNSHEND. (Before tl7c CTEF COmmISSONmR.) iTis insolvent, a brother of the Marquis Townshend, described as having also been known as the Rev. George Townshend, petitioned under the Protection Act. The schedule commences in 1847, bat the debts have mainly been contracted since 1852. The total is 2X7381., of which 207T are without consideration, and 1421. twice entered, leaving 2,390h. as the net amount of consideration debts, owing tol110 various creditors, nearly all tradesmen, for goods supplied. The insolvency is ascribed to insufficiency of income, which income appears to have consi8ted of an allowrance of 500. a-year from the MArquis Towanshend. The case had stood in the pap for heaing on Monday, but pressure of business compelled its postponement, and to-day it was announced that the insolvent was suffering from an attack of gout and unable to attend. Mr. Dowse, Mr. Caarteen, Mr. Lawrence, and Mr. Griffiths appeared for various creditors ; five others appeared in person; Mr. Sargood supported. A surgeon's certificate was produced, and, after some discussion, the opposing oounsel admitted its sufficiency to excuse the insolvent's absence. Mr. Elder, an hotel-keeper a creditor for 161., incurred in 1852; and Mrs. Es.keweLg, a milliner in Brook-street, who had supplied goods to the extent of 601. to Lady Townshend between the months of January and May of the present year, having stated the particulars of their demands, The learned Comisssiosim adjourned the case for a week, observlng that if Lord George was a clergyman in orders he was not so described in the schedule. Mr. SABGOOD asked leave to hand In a list of 21 crediltors whose names had been inadvertently omitted from the schedule. The COURT recelved the amendment, and adjourned the case until Thursday next. IErX RICHARD SAMUEL MARE SPRYB. In this case a rule was made returnable on Mr. Sturgis, the officer of the Court, to show cause why the extra oosts of the action, "Sprye v. Porter," due to Messrs. Pr:chard and Collette, the solicitors, should not be paid out of a sum of 5,0001. P Mr. Watkin Williams, of the common law bar, moved to make the rule absolute, and Mr. Sargood showed cause. Mr. Sprye was discharged under the Act some years ago, and subsequently recovered 10,0001. in an action against a Mr. Porter, which money was paid into the Court of Queen's Bench, and after a good deal of discussion one-half was paid into the court for the creditors as subsequently acquired property. Before the division of the money Mfr. Sprye had clanged his attorneys to Mesrs. Wllklinson and Stevens, and Messrs. Prichard and Colletto were not paid their extra costs. Mr. Sprye bad recoeived the moiety of the money, and had not paid Messrs. Prichard and Collette, and they did not know wbere to find him. The question was whether the fund in court could be made avarable to pay the extra cnsts. Mr. Commissioner PEmups was assisted by Mr. Commisdoner MIrPT Y In decidlne the matter, which provoked a long argument. The Commissioners were of opinion that the net sum was to be pdd into Court for the creditors, and althoughtheyregretted the loss of Messrs. Prichard rnd Collette they could not make the fund available for the extra costs. Rule discharged without costs.
PoLIrCE. MAN'SION IHOUSE.-Harriet Wilson, alias NancyDawon, a prostitute, who exhibited a frightful black eye, and who has been repeatedly in castody at this court on charges of drunkenness and riotons conduct, was brought before Mr. Alderman HALE, charged with having robbed a discharged oldier, named Jamnes Edmonds, of his Crimean medal, Sebastopol clasp, and some silver. The prisoner, who protested her entire innocence of the charge, was remanded for the purpose of enablng the constable who has the carce in hand to make inquiries respecting the prosecutor's property. Bow-STRET.-A poet-office letter-carrier, named Isc Stocken, was charged with loitering at a publichouse during the discharge of his duties, and thereby causing a delay in the delivery of his letters. MIr. JARDInE find the defendant 51. A great number of professionsl pocket-pickers wore brought up in the afternoon, as usual on the opening of Parliament by the Queen. They were mostly remanded. IL fOROUG -STRm.-Hemny Sowerby-name fictitlous-a person said to be very well connected, who refused to give his address-was brought before Mr. BLNG}IAM, charged with passing a forged check of Mr. Morrison,hosier, 80, Regent-street. :Remanded til Thursday. Samu ael Withers was charged with attempttng to extort 141. ' from William Husk, bookseller, 24, Eaymarket. It appeared that the prisoner went to the complainant's shop and demanded 141. 13s. for having previously harbourel him as a deserter from Her Majesty's service. The prisoner had recently been in his employ, but was discharged in October last. The prisoner said he had obtained Her Majesty's signature and the Duke of Cambridge's signature ito a warrant for the arrest of complainant, and if the money were not immediately paid he should take complainant to the Horse Guards. Joseph Beechley, in the employ of complainant, corroborated the above, and stated that the prisoner was very insolent.~~~~~~~~~~~ The prisoner denied the charge of extortion, he only asked for what was due to him from the complainant. Ordered to find two sureties to keep the peace for two months. From " IL" lOs, worth of stamps for the poorbox. WE-ST3MNSThR.-The case against John Scott, a private in the 2d Life Guards, for robbing his master, the Hon. Cha-les Bateman Hanbury, an officer of the msme regiment, to the amount of 3001., was yesterday completed, The short facts of the case are these :-The proseoutor hadbeen away from his regiment for two or three months, and left the prisoner in charge of his property at Knightsbridge-barracks. On prosecutor's return he found his wardrobe had been emptied and a great quantity of other pro. pertycaried off. Prisoner, on being asked what had become of the things, admitted ththe had pledged them, and ave the names of t.he pawnbrdkers where the property ws A witnes who had pawned a pair of double-barrelled guns for the prisoner said, in the course of the inquiry, that he tth tey wem the risoner'e owun prvate propertr, ;as of thero were manJ =Zllg-brd gentlemen in the ranEs of the Life Guards, and a corporal-major tha' even kept his hounds." The prisoner made no answer to the charge, and was fully committed for trial CLxxKMwnLTA poor, Uhlf-starved looiDng boy of the -name of Edward Wakefield, aged 15, of no home or ocon. pation, was placed at the bar before Mr.TyRwiTT, charged with making a, disturbance at the Ialin"t Workhouse. It appeared from the evidence of Thomas Horan, the porter and oonstable at the Islington Workhouse, that last nighthe admitted the prisoner, buthe no eooner got in than he began making a great disturbanoe and so much noise that he was compelled to take him to the police-station and being tbe night before. e,te laet V ne The poor boy, whEose bones seemed to be protruding through hi Skin, said all tbediturbanche made was merely asking the porter for some bread. Ho was starving at The porter dad, the boy could not be starving, for when he went out of the workhouse in the morning he gave him a i.ece of broad. Ho was a very noisy, turbulent fellow. aTne boy said, it was a smaUl piee of bread that he had in the morning, and he was very hungry. The porter said, the boy oould not be hungry for he haa his breakfast in the morning. Mr. TYnwBm said, if the boy did have a breakfast he supposed he wanted something else to eat during the day. He bad no doubt the porter had had his dinner. (The porter here made some observation,) He was not to be dictated to by a peraon like the present complainant, but if a relieving overseer would come there he would listen to him. He should be unworthy of his dtuation if he were to allow such things to 2o oen, The wlrthyI magistrate then diachargedytbe defendant, and having ordered himn a loaf of bread directed that he should return to tha allngton Workhouse, where he had no doubt he would be admitted. bonS miS e ai0 y he i le i p e x eci ted a great deal of THAMiEs-John Willeot, aged 25, and dlescribed as a waiter of No. 1, Shovel-ally St. George's.in.the-East, and Thomas Maynard, 18, of No. 7, Bl,k Lion-yard, White. chapel, carman both notorious thieves, were brought np on remand before nfr. YA.Duxy, chargod with stealing a horse and van, a hogshcad of sugar, and 64 loaves of refined sugar, the property of Peter Bowven and his partner, towrn carmen and carrers, of No. 36, Brick-lane, Spihalfields. Mlr. YA LZY discharged Wiliniot, and committed Maynard for trial. SoHARB.-VViam, Simpson, foreman to Messrs. Baker, Brothers, leather manufacturers, Pauline-strect, Bermondsey, was finally examined, charged sitesaling a large quantity of manufactured leather the propet ofhi employers; and llobert a nderson, a clogmaker, of 41, Kecntsttrteet, was charged with receiving the same, well knowing Simpson acknowledged his guilt, but Anderson protested hat he did not know the goods sre tolen. They were beth committed for triaL HATA -Thomas Fawn, a respectable-looking oungman,ho was described as a pluniber, wvas brought up custody of Browen, one of the wrarrant ofoers of the Court, from Chichester, and placed in the dock before Mr. LA-rsr, charged with assaulting and wounding his wife The complainant, who appeared to bo suffering from the violenoe she had reoeived, deposed that she lived at No. 1, Ledbury-road, Notting.hlfl, and on the afternoon of Thursday, the 19th ult., they were packing up their goods preparatory to going into the country when, in reaching for a sheet from off the bed to fold, she recelved a tremendous blow on the head from behind, which rendered her insen. siblefor some time. There was no other person in the room with the exoeption of her husband and witness. when she recovered her senses she found herself lyin on the floor upon a pillow, and her month full of blood. Hler husband was gone, and she had not seen him from that time until he was brought into the court a fewr minutes before. In answer to questions from the Bench the witness said, she never sawr the life-preserer produced until it was discovered in the bed by the police. She had had no quarrel wt her husband-not even an angry word passed between The prisoner said, they had been quarrelling about three children he supported, and he threw the life-preserver at her. The wife positively denied that there was any quarreL She had been suffering ever sinoe from the effects of the blow; she had been married about five months, and was previously a widow. Mrs. Sarah Fisher, the landlady of No. 1, Ledbury-road, said, the prisoner and his wife had lived in her house about three months, and she had never heard any quarrelling between them. She did not hear any quarrelUing oa the day In question. She was in the seeond floor, just over their room, when she heard the complainant calling for assistance. Upon ranning down she saw Mrs. Fawn covered withblood and bleeding profusely fromthe bead. She told witness to run after him, meaning her husband, but he was gone. Witness then sent for a surgeon. The witness pro. auuced the clothes to show they were saturated with blood, and also a pillow-case, which she said the prisoner thrust into his wife's mouth. Mr. DAvziu said, the complRinant had not told him anything about that. Mr. Nichols, the clerlc, informed his worship that when the complainant was brought to the court for the warrant she said her husband pushed the plllow tinto her mouth. The wife was recalled, and sad, when she partially recovered she found her head bhrled in the piUow, and her husband putting the corners in her mouth. Mh. Charles Clark, surgeon, of Adelaide-terrace, Nottinghill, sald, when he was called in he found the wife suffering from a severe wound on the right side of the head, which appeared to have been caused by a blunt instrauent. The bone had been laid bare, and fortunately the blow had fallen upon a strong portlon of the bone. If it had faUen a little lower, it wold in allprobability have caused death. There was also a bruhe on the right aide of the cheek. He had attended her ever sinoe, and at one time he had serious apprehendons that she would not recover. A b:low from a fe-preserver would cause the wound A police-constable of the F division proved finding in the bed a life-preserver, and It was broken in two pieces. There was blood on the string of the handle. Tho life-preerver s produced. It was made of gutta irche a rhistle at the handle, which was broken in The constble said, when he found it the handle appeaed as if It had been very recently broken. Brown said, he apprehended the prisoner at Chichester on Wednesday. He was then in custody, and he took him to a publichouse where he had been sleeping. The landlady, In his presence, said when he came down he appeared as if something had happened, and he inquired if she had heard of his wife, and ashe told him that she had not. From-what witness had heard It appeared that the prisoner was inquiring after another wife, and not the complainant. He beieved the prisoner had two wives, the other being the mother of tho three children. Tho prisoner had denied that he was married to the other woman, but he had since received a letter from the superintendent of police at Chichester, which stated that he was married, and that his wife wa living in Pimlico. Witness had been to the house, and he was informed that the wife had gone to look after her busband (the prisoner). Witness had also ascertained that the prisoner was with the other woman and her children a short time ago. Mrs. Fisher said, the prisoner was very seldom at home with the complainant, not more than a fortnight during the whole time. The prisoner said he was not married to the other woman. Mr. DAY,N said, he should remand the prisoner for a week to ascertain if the charge of bigamy could be estat blished against him.
SIHIP NB WS. - , - - IVERPOOLm Dipa 2 d..-n , for g a -the Onlb Son, for Blo Janerlo.-. the Dotubrad frAlne Arrived.-Tho Mirzapore, from Madras-the Peony, from Rangoon -the umes Jdne, from lthihucto-tbe Crimea, from Quebeotbe }lr Keu, from GalAtz-the Nazalre, from Alexardzle th Fortm Parodl, from Glrgenti-the Herin, from Lisbon-thoNs Era, from Nefoundland-the Delight, from Quebec-the Rosette, from Demerarthe Hages, from rt. 1be's-the PilBaenl from Sevi8e-the Espoir, from Osteud-lbe Ean`gelnse, from Colcutta-. tbe Maba Rnee, from Calcutathe Branocombe. from Cal0the iebland Chlet, from Smnnah-tbeonattanfro Neow York-tho BeGta, from St. Andrew'.-he Panther,from Montreal-the KRinalcb Ifrom Newfonndland-the Caroline, from Bsordeaen:-the Boralle, fronm Osteud-the Sled, from Axntedam 8elled.-The Tiotree, for Gile-the YorkshIre, for New York-h Middllesexand te CornellaIawFrenn, both for M2obile-the Oceuania LONDONs, Dee. 3,-W1nd at noon. *.W ; light breeze and fine FArsou'm, Dec. L-Wlnd, B.W-iAved, the Tbo Xrns Pettep,' from London-the ZUeL. a, from Berdlusmkl-the YounngEnglar from LonMn for Colnoibo-the Louisa Aua, from Odessa, fot Orderm Balsor, Dec. .-Wind, E E.R.* rain.-Aorlvesl tbe Eain, ou fiRANSD, Dsa S. (D Ma._a TxQ5&&wLj rom 1tords'al eriveaonthex-The , fro m St. obe'-th fro CaicaltttaThe Ebo.' from Sdatwa-the White Star, frot amncht-e Tbheall froT m Wfr BbsiheOdent fromKoni2ber6-bo Wol acket, from Dueford-the Elben.e, from Dublin-theMary from Cofrom Rouey-tbe Oaritoa,the Poinoem Ro from8t Edefornd-theU eiblon fro n Pthooold -testai6n, b from De-wick.alled the Cctlif,thn fror Lndorm. moderate.oerxoTz.usag from S Witc-the from Ll6oyd'e sr Be,) Arrleon.-The g-BeCitromPotraf-thi, omanCa ChruteaThimeoEh' from tralsund-the W6eUie ana the El om Auchk-nd, both from Botariam-the Baron O,y, from monltwerp-the W et, from Donl thk Droto, from Care borst Caw oe. riod.-The Lbor J. ouo sell, for Dunkirk-the :odthand, foK Ostend. I p.rm-Wln4 soustherly tidse, emea hgh waer;* moderate. ADiveno-Tho fr r oe Peel from DaCked k-the Pmte4n frome OnSeld-the S eeedy a, from Tt, agebwlWte Auror- , fre m Quebeo_ the Rita, from Btla raov-the We d Lohas Cr, f tom Nanlmtha Fastache, fromzD-nedek-tee Lncy, the Earloferscne, the A froe. the raym -d the Ions, sn from GuAnery-the MSoei, from BoatolL -the Peme, from Cal the W akefield, from Bruges. xilled,-The Lir E. Baukes, for Cala4unka the Henoord, fox 3p.m.-Wind, e.W. tide, high w ater moeloudyr. Arrved.-T he Meteor, from Dankcn-the Providenol, fom St ibtend-the Seedyware, from Ta.arog-the Oelertial fmpire, b-t thleR-the BeU Wea ter, the WIIsm Pitt, and the flmsa pnl tro Gustc,y-tre ne BigUe, trom Odethe P Orty of Qthebl, fro3n 3omtheS-the Teres al , from urnsero--tbh PkA, bom ot Gu-athe Pr e moom, from BCmba-the AnWan ar Bie om Qgebe -the Argo, from Remortski-tbe Marlai, from Bilbokthe Zevomlte, from ebod-the Sirdbe, from CrCalta,the Juat, fhet Guernoeorf the EmulDuiT hrom eosrflongm-tangon -IeO fProvidene,-fr bS Jea ete, from Taganrog. Guense-t he Mir J. P ei4, for om Odess -the C Symro*, for thZ River Gambia. 8 pm.o-Wta d, St.e tide., four home ebbTa roa-th i. Gu rnvey-The Emoridm, from otra-tbe AanUedol, from Qa eb' rog-the Ag,b from News York-the Maoigo from S- enaroyt Bteion, rom romrn7the St. Oloui from 0Lv ly, tbe Foorn, froe t Qeannet bo DesTatch, from St. ec.. Ralled.-The Sidon, for Rio-th e Sut forELkbu the DolDhrnt for Antmba. D3EAB DMa 3. (Er bMAOMMMOr TsLIraoL} yProm Lloyds.1 9 m.1-Win4 S.W. bt d.; forous. Anc.ored,-TMeOnega, from Paas-ortNewHort, for ordmtte 1rolth, from OalaorNthe Corkt QuMet n rongoliab fornAIe Bnay Noon.-Wlnd. S.W.; fresh Prione-Thor Delawurneythe JSt.Ce,oand the U, b o-teloa,ll fron TQuaergtb a De smat, from HonduraS ; the Chase, f n Jaica ' the Emerald, fromCdonz; theO- ludon, from Porto Soo*;he t olphi, fromrTntrog; the Tdaida from Antigua: the Cwldee and the James Montgomery, bDtlt from Patoek; the Btt from Blo yod'. the 8t Cloud. from Ca llo; Lnd the lnora, from Qfebeo, rre fthg LDndon. Pvlt Bro-The Plar-he CaLuen,orn London ftoer anl gone ta S .m.-Wind, SW.; moderaee. Pased.-Th EUDebltwa, feom Hnne, anld th e Cycilone, froau Boston. bo th for LOUG'On. 7.30 p.m.- Wind, a.W.: moderate. ATaried tnh PaEml-yhbor H Izabotn h ChaSev, f rom tae 8cmira ml from tae gara; the J uffer rna e, from Btnahna; the Andb th 1rom OalieDtta: nld the J. a. Jones. from P,attimore, all fatX Ames oged mneyAn,botfomd-T heDomera fromLontdon,for Sce Clya -the StM. lue, from Azof; and the Pletro, from Queb,atinopll both for Amsterdam. The .-Widx, S 2,WI a. 3; modeag.25W The1L5dTh V. lsant, from Houdm,ea for aondoth, No C l, fir 1 15 W., us long W24fx W.;i{I to,91.2 ale Prduvess Zs,i of 2eioe, in lat 38 N., lo 4 E. BOt b thc fo rom London . or the Cape of G Hoe Oct, is, l Thp.- Wind.26, f. for Late.pwl, °S w rrivedE and Psom d,-me Bo hlaelbourne, 1frm vllut,In;theeirlN4 rornthe wmestw theJuhn r i e, from 8BymawfCk for Ldath, eov. K0b, l l] B**fronCbeusttaforLondn Bept. 24, iu Ist 35 K bor Caloutta; aJnd theut,C.ones , from Bal A It Imo e Sl Londe BGmon. X Srom Joocboot for London, Ot. n hL .^ o 8., loag. Tbe LUce (douLble topssillyardg), bound -h, a£;l-tD 16 InI& Ie The Anus F. 1Bmcdt, from BTeDel fOr Nef Orloedo, norh 4, C- lyk -tOTh'e Marianne, from Tntooortan the PLtrerpoo, froU t pda, r l 32 X bothefor Amsterda, m.LrerD& XPDOa2 fom dowtot Liverpool Nor.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ ~~2 l, i'lL 1^ N.,N IG.OW The L fromNernda, Oto. 22, In lbt, 3 X, long. 2ila The Lady alian,t.rom 8tBoringe Ba*or London, Nov. 1, inlt, 878., long.. 78W.. WQUr AT Il A LONIDON-BUDGI:E DAY. TKhe .a 7zb, 7 ml, eatee 3 1 forALve . 55 Mrtoo Os
MILI2TARY AND NZA 7AL INTELLIE-tiOB. Brevet-Major C, P. OldershaW, Royal Artllery, Is ap. pbintea Aide-demCamp to Major-Genera1 Lawrence, C.B., commanding the Xd Infan'ry Brigade at Aldershott. Captain the Ron. C. G. Elliot has been appointed a naval aide-de-camp to Ier Majesty, vice Captain Hope, who has obtained fla rank by the demise of Admiral T. Le hl, Gosselin. Yesterday morning a detackment of the 94th Regiment, rismberisg 21 non-commissioned officers and men, left Chath= garrison for Plymotuth, to join the head-quartersof thateregiment undez orders to proceed to IndiA by the overlandvroute. Colonel H. Sandbasn, Director of the Royal Engineers, Itablishment, Chatham, has received orders to hold in readiness the 8th Company of the Royal Sappers and Mimers under the command of Captain W. P. Lambert, for eervice in India. One captin, 1 subaltera, 1 assistant-surgeon, and 80 gnnners andaarivers of the ;oyal Artillery will embark this day on board the Peninsular and Oriental Company's Royal mail stemship Indus for Alexandria, whence they awe ordered to proceed overlad to Bombay and Madras. The Teopold steamship, with the detachments of troops before reported, left Spithead yesterday for Queenstown, to take in mowe, and thenoe proceeds to Kurrachee. The Cusar, 91, sorew steamship, at Portsmouth, preparing for commission, has her lower rigging over the mast heads, and was removed fromn dock into the steam basiu yesterday afterrncon. The Spitfire steamvessel, Iieutenant-Commander Campbell, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday to have defects repaired. The Curacoa, 31, Captain Mason, just commissioned at Portsmouth, embarked her complement of Royal bhrine Arillery yesterday. The Serpent, 12, was docked yesterday at Portsmouth to have defects repaired. * The steamship General Williams, which sailed on Tuesday for the Cape of Good Hope, put back to Plymouth Sound yesterday morning. The steam transport Euxine, embarked the third division of the 69th Reglment at Plymouth on Wednesday, for Madras, vid Alexandria. The Cuckoo, 3, paddlewheel Bteamer, Lieutenant-Commander A. G. Ei. Murray, which ran ashore and became fllled with water, remains in the same position where she sank, between Chatham dockyard and the Gun-wharf, defying all the efforts which have been made to raise her. During the greater part of Wednesday night and the whole of yesterday large varties of shipwrights and labourers from the dockyard were employed in getting chains placed under her keel, a work of considerable dificulty, owing to the great depth of water in which the fore part of the steamer is sunk. A number of large lighters were yesterday moored alongside to assist in raising her, but owing to the steamer being nearly filled with r.ater it appears doubt. ful whether they will succeed in removing her from her present position. A strong wind was blowing during the whole of yesterday, which somewhat retarded the operations made to raise her. The steamer, from the peculiar position In which she lies, Is very much strained, and, it is thought, will be rendered altogether urfit for further servlce from the injuries she has received. The Adder steamer was yesterday despatched to Sheernees for the diving bell and a large quantity of gear from that docLyard to be used in the attempts to raise the Cuckoo. Major-General Sir W. F. Williams, having partially recovered from the indispositioni under which he has been recently suffering, yesterday reaumed the duties of his de. partment at Woolwich. Commander W. B. Urrmston has been appointed an Inspecting Commander of the Coaetguard. Lieutenant Charles C. B. Dent is appointed to the Racoon, and not to the Renown, as erroneously stated.
LIN-ERPOOL, Thursday.-The new Collins steamship Adriatio, which was advertised to leave New York on the 21st ult. with the mails for Live I, has not yet been reported. It is conjecturedthat her detention is occasioned by some derangement of the machinery, inttho construction of which all the latest improvements have been introduced. Loss oF ihFE n3Y LxDiAN MuTNEiSs.--The Calcutta correspondent of the NZToncosfo-nsist, in a letter received by the last mail, has arrived, after much careful mnquiry, at an estimate of the loss of life among the English and East Indian population during the dreadful massacres of this rebellion. In several stations the number has been ascertained with great exactness, a few having been killed out of a great many, and the sarvivors calculating by name each one who is missing. But in cases like Delhi, Futtebghur, and Cawnpyore, where a whole population was cut off, it is possible only to arrive at an approximation to the truth. His list is of course at present imperfect, intelligence being still required from Iucknow, Agra, Indore, and other places, before it is possible to make it both correct and complete. It does not include a single native, nor any persons killed in the different battles; it is the list only of those massacred or of those who have died from fever and sunstroke in striving to escape ; nevertheless, its items make a total of 1,524 officers, civilians, clerks, missionaries, women, children, and others. Of this large number, the loss of military officers amounts to 256, and that of women and obildren to 674. If the entire story of their sufferings and those of the survivors be carefufly weighed, it will surely be found that we have passed this year through one of the most frightful calamities ever recorded among a civilized people. A FrExcii SKETCH OF T}ID QUEEN' A.ND PRINCE AnuERT. -The Queen, whom every one saw at Paris, has a lvely eye, a bright complexion, and prompt gestures; she becomes animated while speaking, and shakes her marabouts, which gives her more of merry gracefulness than of Royal dignity,especlally as her forms, rounded by a nascent embonpoint, arc better suited for tranquiUity. The expres- ion of her look is singular, and preoccupied by a mixture of blunt simplicity and of compressed raillery. Although short, she appears tall whon seated. She frequently ohanges colour, has beautiful hair, long eyelashes, and fine eyebrows, which melt into the satin sleekness of her skin. There is a vagde aspect of the plump Parisienne, with an Anglo-Germanic head. Her portraits, clumsy flatterers, in order to endow her with the inert beauty of the vignettes have robbed her countenance of all its character and vitality. On each side of her was a lady, chosen with too much discernment, and at the back the Prince Albert. Bis complexion grows lighter and lighter in proportion as emabonpoint raises and stretches the tissues of the skin; at the same time his forehead loses its locks, and the flower of youth is giving place to prosaic maturity. You are less struck with the regularity of his features than with the air of good nature which distinguishes his countenance. The husband of the Queen is esteemed; he was altogether sympathetic before the commencement of the Russian war; e interests those who behold him for tho first time, as would any man placed in a difficult position in which he acquits himself with honour. He is reported to be affable; and, far from seeking to make himself of importance, he resists every temptation to put his influence In a conspiouous light. Finally, he takes pains to show that his attention is occupied with the progresstof the fine arts, as well as of every institution that bears on social economy, and to seek nobody's favour on any other grounds than those of his modesty and his personal merits. Such conduct evinces great talent, and something better than talent. In England the position given to Prince Albert is more gravely appreciated than in France, on Safie ground; and yet, in France especially, is there a gallant man, if only he be married.who isnot more or less the Ihusband of the Queen 9-Dickenm's [Advertisement.]-The New Novels, just published by liuret and Blackett, 13, Great Maclborough-street :-i. " Orbasisa," by theautborof "Margaret Maltland, lvol 2.` TheLadyofGIyfnne," bytheauthor of "Margaret and her BridesmaIds," voli. "This tale is all but abrolutely faeclnating."-Glebe. 3. "CaCte," by the author of " Mr. Arle," 3 vols. A novel of great pover and sttraction. full of fire and energy, of incident and intsrett, and oertain to make a eentation,-Mesaenger 5. " Court Secrets," by Mrs. Thomson, 3 ols. Mrsm Thomson is the author of somo escelleut novels. but we remember none we like better than thlse.n Examiner. 5. -- Se-imour and his Mrends," by the author of "The Secret Marriage;' 3vol. -Full of intereBt and passion."-Herald. 6. "The Stor of muy Life` by Lord Willlla- Lennox. 3 vels. 7. -- True io Nature," 2 volu Also, In the prees,--5. " Adelt,"' by Julia Karaniagh. author of -pgathalls," &c., S vels. 9. " Clara Let ceater,"byCaptainG. DoIs Peerblereaford, Svelns [Adverti5ement.}3Extreet from Mr. T. W. Atkinson's riental and Westemr Siberia :-, I travetsed mn h of the hitherto uinexplered regione of CsutrAl Asia, and rroduoedfZGl sketches of the soneoy eecuted with the mais soieuce made by Wmnsr and Newton lutaloabls to an artist employed uinder tuch circumnstances.r have tused them on the sandyepins of Central Asa, in a temperature of 50 legrees Reaumur a1i4ahenheitl and iu egbaria have hadthem froren as solid as a6 mas of Iron, wheu the teoperature was 43 degees louredur of frols sr degres 'below the point whe,e the maesury becomes solid, when I could make It into bells In my bulet-moulds. Some of my largest worvi theo bOee painted With wolours that have stood thesi severe htts, and for depth and purity of tone have not been surpwasse by thoes I have had fresh from the nianufastory. [Advertisemnenit-_dAhuid the dlsasters, panics, and vials. itudes of daily lne. how re recivg bt ins to posess a good book-one that wil afford Pamusement and rereation, and inay be saely relied upon either for casual reading, or or a story that will lat ihe eTen. ing through. Now. such a weork, ever cheerful and ever seual to theae objects.itse new volume,ua ut out, of thet"FamillYFriend meeat masuredly will be. " 1; in the verly thing we want after the ureanbm ars drawn and the candles are lit for a long pleasant eveningY so says the "Bradford Observer.' It wnli bo enrcihed with an anthenatl portrait of the Princess Royal, aegraoed t eoln stand cont3in 416 Illustrated Rges of agrEatble, ueful, and amuesing literature. Plrce -c d lso cases, price Cd. Ward and Loa, U Flc s%eetreet, [Advrtiemen.EIInda, gati ILO Sunday next each Fnh of csn "Dispatch"willbe aPulrSo omnaled by an artistically colourced s pof h Northern p,oviano thenpGeneralt Map or Inda. To peyent thEe disappointment Cohncspsen uponu the enormtous sae of tE.-he "Dispatch." erseons desirous of31-Pe ing the Dispatch Co. lonrd Alasace nfomedthatshold bs ewspaper b out of print With which any partinlsr mapo has been Presented uoh mapma alwaa eobtained wit Sethlsepaer oray ftr ek Thedo pricepe ElofS SawElrd JerulmnAsiamo eed4r ed. stmed,t gio,O freshvpsi dhed 8 Friday edition received in the meertditanSes cht ond the ngdeonae onti dre O r iecoived byanee b Gener ant the datd Hav*wk-Pi ast agefebyerns bhog ho lbsingdom af renro rseto Ywrd th eir inaes lnd later thae eny SthpecmnsOf thFrenc Pdo Doulte Man ECoerorsedi ofR sasi C ol aded pCsteel on t lDl wi&h 0r The Addefa-moius IJdino iourtorieby Garenra r,eahda Harvel.-cl-ty ond Pison-or futen-tho Dcom o LJbreadnhal-srowee Azilzefm Tzandlr.otSefToyd atseekorly ndon' Nrewsapr.amdiedIsb mlahard JCattlead. Poulryageoweekcomplete Li,(staofishedPrize, Fesser~ceee is Ssin theLevathn-Oenting o ntheFrench Senaes he mpeoi'senae.8 Coinmampbuelo atthe Indian Amine rlal,.o. Se Lloyd Weekl eLond nNewspaper). Edited ad.,of ay neesset. Acopy as ampe, en post free on receipt ~t bss poseo eame.-, Loyd 1, Siisuz-rqase Lnder.
LAUaNOY4 THE LEVIATRAN. The ur4.eMnifly tedious process of compalling this vepsei to take to the water was resumned yesterday aftemoon, and attended with more t-ucceasful results than we have lately had to record. In spite of the utmost endeavours which were 'made to get everything forward in time yestecday rmorning it was found impossible to fix We hoses of the new hydraulic rams with stuScient strength to warrant the recommenoement of work till past 2 o'clock. By that hour, however, all was ready, and the presence of an unusual number of visitors, among whom were their Royal Highnesses the Dukes De Joinville and 3'Aumale, the Marquis of Stafford, Sir Joseph Paxton, Mr. Penn, the dock-yard authorities, &c., showed that, notwithstanding the recent mishaps, the contidence and curiosity -of the public were stil as great as ever. Almost with the first efforts the Leviathan moved slightly, and after this her tendency to the water was still more marked than heretofore, the only difference being that she was rather disposed to slip or run away for some distance. Daring one of the slipping movements, the greatest distance that she has ever shifted at one time took place. Almost directly the ramswere applied to her she droppedwith a slow and equal motion for 10 inches, the next time she moved 13, and the third time only one Inch. Each of these movements, however, was a distinct slp-the mere first start being sufficient to set her off. Just after she had made the second drop, the attention of all in the yard was distracted from the vessel by a most painful accident which took place outside, and in which a number of persona were seriously injured by the fall of a scaffolding on which they stood. In order to gratify the curiosity of the crowds who have daily assembled outside the yard, a large scaffolding was erected between the dead walls of two houses, about 15 or 20 feet from the ground. On this crazy structure, the very aspect of which was enough to warn prudent people from its vicinity, numbers of visitors have stood all day for the last week. Yesterday it was unusually crowded, upwards of a hundred persons, most of them men of the lower classes, being upon it, when suddenly, as the launch began, the whole platform gave way, and with its occupants came with a fearful crash to tshe ground. The cries and scoreams of those who were hurt, the efforts of the uninjured to extricate themselves, and the rush of the mob outside to the spot for a few minutes made the scene one of indescribable confusion and alarm. At last comparative order was restored-all the more easily because nine-tenths of those who had fallen had escaped unhurt, and the casualties were ascertained. It was then found that a considerable number had been cut and bruised about the head, face, and body, all more or less severely, though fortunately none so much so as to prevent their walldng away after a short time. Seven persons, however, were found to be so seriously injured that it was necessary to remove them at once to Poplar Ho0spitaL There they were given into the charge of Mr. Brownfield, the resident surgeon, who immediately bestowed upon them every care which their cases required. Those admitted were Henry RidlGy, 30, fractured leg; Robert Custance, 49, fractured leg; Joseph Fisher, 39, fractured leg; Benjamin Wood, 33, fractured thigh and severe contusions; Henry Myers, 16, fracture of the arm; William Parry, 40, sprained ancle; and George Matthew, 30, sprained ancle. A few minutes before 3 o'clock, after this unfortunate accident had occurred, another push was given at the Leviathan, when she suddenly slipped away from the rams, and with a beautifully regular motion and with very little noise gilded down 6ft. 7in. This great step was made so quietly that it took the whole yard completely by surprise, every one lookdng on in mute amazement while the tremendous structure gilded softly away at the rate of six inches in a second. The strain and friction caused by unwinding the enormous drums as she moved slowly soon stopped her. After this the next efforts were with some delay renewed and continued till four o'clock, when the result of the two hours' work was 14 feet 9 inches forward and 12 feet 7 inches aft. At the commencement the figures of total progress stood 418 inches forward and 427 inches aft. Thus, then, the stern seems to have gained upon the bows during vesterday afternoon alone nearly three feet. Her total distance moved since the first attempt last Saturday is 48 feet 7 inches forward, and 49 feet 7 inches aft. She has still, therefore, nearly 250 feet more to go before she will be entirely clear of the launching ways; but it is thought quite within the limits of probability that she will accomplish this distance in a very short time.
MR4 BRIGHT AND THE SPECIAL SESSrION OF .PABLIAMBNT. Mr. Bright has addressed the following letter to Mr. Lloyd, the Chairman of his Birmingham Election Com. Mittee:- "Roohdale, Dec. 2. "My dear Sir,-As Parliament, contrary to expeotation, is about to meet before the usual time, I fear many of the electors of Birmingham wil feel some disappointment if I do not make my appearanco in the Roue during the present week, and more so from the eircumstnnce that my colleague, Mr. Soholefield, will also be absent. " It is not necessary for me to explain to you or to the gentlemen who communicated with me at the time of the eleetion why I am not likely to begin my Parliamentary duties before Christmas. It was then understood that for six months-that is, until the time when Parliament usually assembles-I was not to be expeoted to undertake any labour connected with the position in which I was then placed by the good opinion of the eleotors of Birmingham My own judgment and the urgent advice of my friends and medical advisers compeUed me to make a resolution to that effect, and those of my Birmingham friends with whom I had any communication grauted me a ' dispensation'for that "I do not suppose that any real business will be trans. aoted before February, and therefore I hope that nothing rusted to me wiLl suffer from my temporary absence from the House. "It is because I wish to abstain as much as possible from public affairs that I have not troubled my constituents with any views I may entertain on the great subjects which have been so much discussed during the past three months on the question of India. Indeed, I feel that it is almost rashness to utter a decided opinion, and I know not vhether one ought to regard with admiration or with pity many of those who have written and spoken so confidently on it since the insurrection. Judging from the writings of the newspapers and from the speeches of public men, I fear the country is by no means sufficiently aware of the criss which has arisen, whether in regard to the difficulty of restorin, order in India, or the obstacles which oppose themselves to the future government of the country. " Five years ago, when the India Bill was about to come under discussion, I thought I knew something of India, and felt that I could give advice on the subject. But the scene has totally chauged, and that which was easy to be done in fair weather may be impossible or of httle avail when the storm rages. I presume, however, that the days of the Leadenhall.street rulers of India are numbered. Without character, without power, it required but a vote of Parlia. ment to give legal effect to that which, I believe, the publio opinion of England has already decreed. If the coming session shall establish the government of India on a secure and wise basis, so far as that is possible in the unnatural position in which we stand to that country, I shall feel that Parliament has not laboured in vain; and if the threatened postponement of a Reform Bill is a disappoint. ment to me and to many others, I shall endeavour to con. sole myself with the hope that the improvement of our re. presentation will hereafter be intrusted to more friendly ands than those which now administer the affairs of the country. "Excuse me for troubling you with this letter, and beheve me very sincerely yours, BRIGHT. "To Mr. Thomas Lloyd, Birmingham."
FrNsnLRY SAVIhGS BA.-From the accounts of this valuable institution, which have just been completed for the year, it appears that the deposits during that period amounted to 82,7281., the repayments to 94,4501., the interest to 8,8601., and the capital to 269,1241. As contrasted with the retumas of the preceding 12 months, the deposits show an increase of 481. only, owing, no doubt, to the scarcity of labour and the high price of provisions ; and the withdrawals to an increase also of 7,8591. [Advertisernentj.-"r L. S. D."-A city number of Notes and Draughta for General Aocomrnodation. Deaigned by Watta Phillips. Illustrated with 100 engravifngs, fremn dIawl5s5 by Pilzs, HenIu-g, Hso ad other artists Evsry man of bmneces should. Mashw and suThore. Flrt," by bomirth, riceY hdu fwith Roe. I and 2 of' h Cric Library,"a unique e5riesof the meet mopula woerks of our best comic writers. Kent and Co. (late Bogue) [Advertisement.]-M3essr Hiurst and Blackett's new pub. licatonsd:-I. irs. Atkinson'aI' "Travels in Oriental and Western Siberia. Mongolia, the Kirehis Steppes Chines Tiatay. andOCentral e"i lug erge 'volUMe, roYal 870., embellished with upwards of 5Q nslraThou5,iuciudmerng hrousbeauttifUsly coloured piates, from d in, and a rnasap, 2 2s, bound. 2. "Cheow. chow," being sehlestIon from a Journat kept In India. by the Viscounem alkand seondeditlos, revised, two yols. 8vo., with Slug. tralou ~l"Seange'sMemoirs. written by bimself, Eogliah eopy. SIgh edLiy 1,1, Ithportrait (just ready) . Mr. woek." he'RdussodReveries oLfA Martin__ lO.6. ."ak gm ior Poalu sdsovlgjSeeh Ocain e unAdrec oa v. ihmp Maleonhlet,
TR GOV0ERNENr AD THB B AtK R NQIAND.' The following copies of correpondena between the First Lord of the Treasury and the Chancellor of the Exchequer mid the Bank of Engluad respecting the enlargeaxent of their issues beyond the limit fixed by the Bank Act of 184 were laid upon the table of the Houlse of Commons last night: 'Downing-street, Nov. 12. 'Gentlemen,-Her majesty's Government have observed with great concern the serious consequences which have ensued from the recent failure of certain joint-stock banks in England and Scotland, as weU as of certain larg mercantile firms, chiefly connected with the American trade. The disoredit and distrust which have resulted from these events, and the withdrawal of a large amount of the paper circulation authorized by the oxisting Bank Acts, appear to Her Majesty's Government to zender it necessary for them to inform the directors of the Bank of England, that if they should be unable inthe present emer gency to meet the demands for discouts and advances upon approved seecrities without exceeding the limits of their crculation prescribed by the Act of 144, the Govern ment will be prepa~red to propose to Parliament upon its meeting a Bill of Indemnity for any excess so issued. In order to prevent this temporary relaxation of the law being extended beyond the actual necessities of the occa ion, Her Majesty's Government are of opinion that the Bank terms of discount should not be reduced below their present rate. " Her Majesty's Government reserve for future consider. ation the appropriation of any profits which may arise upon Issues in excess of the statutory amount. "H er Majesty's Government are fully impressed with the importance of maintainin! the letter of the law, even in a time of considerable mercantile difficulty; but they believe that, for the removal of apprehensions which have checked the course of monetary transactions, such a measure as is now contemplated has become necessary, and they rely upon the discretion and prudence of the directors for confining its operation within the strict limits of the exigencies of the cawe. "We have, &c., " PAL)&EBST ON. 'IG. C. LEWIS. "To the Governor and Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England." "Bank of England, Nov. 13. "My Lord and Sir,-Having laid before the Court of Directors the letter reoeived from you yesterday with respect to a further issue, if necessary, 'exceeding the limits of the circulation prescribed by the Act of 1844,' we have now the honour to enclose a copy of the resolution of the Court thereupon. "ehv,&. "SHEFFIELD NEAVE. " BONAMAY DOBREE. "To the Right Hon. Viscount Palmerston, and the B ght Hon. Sir George CornewallLews, Bart." ",At a Court of Directors at the Bank on Friday, the i3th of November, 1857: "' Resolved,-f'hat the Governors cbe requested to inform the Fist Lord of the Treasury and the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the Court is prepared to act in conformity with the letter addressed to them yesterday. "'JOHN BENTLEY, Secretary.' " Downing-street, Nov. 27. "Gentlemen,-In our letter to you of the 12th inst. we Informed you that if, in the state of commercial discredit and distrast which had arisen, the directors of the Bank of England shoald be unable to meet the demands for discounts and advances upon approved securities without exceeding the limits of their circulation prescribed by the Act of 1844, the Government would be prepared to propose to Parliament, upon its meeting, a Bill of Indemnity for any excess so issued. ccIt appears from the return of the Bank of England for the week ended Wednesday, the 18th of November, that the directors had at that time issued from the issue depart. ment to the banidng department 2,000,0001. of notes on securities in excess of the limit fixed by law. "As, therefore, the contingency contemplated for the proposal of a Bill of Indemnity has occurred, and as the ssseon of Parliament Is now at hand, we are desirous of receiving from you such an explanation with respect to the course which the directors have pursued in regalating their ssues of notes since the 12th inst. as they may be able to furnish to us for the information of Her Majesty's Govermmernt. "We have, &a., "PALMLERSTON. "G. C. LEWIS. "The Governor and Deputy-Governor of the Bank of England." "Bank of England, Dec. 2. "M!Ey Lord and Sir,-We have the honour to acknov-. ledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th inst., requesting ' such an explanation with respect to the course which the directors of the Bank of England have pursued in regulating their issues of netes smnce the 12th inst. as they rnay be able to furnish for the information of Her Massty's Government.' " In complying with this wish it may be well to allude to the position of the Bank of Eneland accounts anterior to the receipt of the letter of the 12th. " On the 24th of October the bullion in the issue department was 8,777,0001.; the reserve, 4,079,000;L the notes ln the hands of the ublic, 19,766,0001. ; the discount and advances, 10,262,0).; and the deposits, 16,126,0001.; the I rate of discount at the Bank being eight per cent. for bills having not more than 95 days to run. 'In the following week a great shock of credit and a con- sequent demand on the Bank of England fordiscounts arose I from the failure of the Liverpool Borough Bank, whose rediscounted bils were largely held by the bill-brokers and others in London. The effects of this and other failures, however, up to this time, had not occasioned any alarming pressure on the resources of the Bank, or great disquietude in commercial affairs in London. " On the 5th of November the reserve was 2,944,0001., the bulhon in the issue department 7,919,0001., and the deposits 17,265,0001. The rate of discount was advanced to 9 per cent., and on the 10th of November to 10 per cent. "The continentaldrain for gold had ceased, the American demand had become unimportant, and there was at that time little apprehension that the Bank issues would be inadequate to meet the necessities of commerco within the legalized sphere of their circulation. " Upon this state of things, however, supervened the failure of the Western Bank of Scotland and the City of Glasgow Bank, and a renewed discredit in Ireland, causing an increased action upon the English circulation by the abstraction in four weeks of upwards of two miUions of gold to supply the wants of Scotland and Ireland; of which amounts more than one million was sent to Scotland and 280,0001. to Ireland between the 5th and 12th of Noveraber. " This drain was in its nature sudden and irresistible, and acted necessarily in diminution of the reserve, which on the 11th had decreased to 1,462,0001., and the bullion to 6,666,0004. " The public became alarmed, large deposits accumulated in the Bank of England, money dealers having vast sums lent to them upon call were themselves obliged to resort to the Bank of England for increased supplies, and for some days nearly the whole of the requirements of commerce were thrown on the Bank. Thus, on the 12th, it disco,mted and advanced to the amount of 2,373,0001., which still left a reserve at night of 581,0001. "Such was the state of the Bank of England accounts on the 12th, the day of the publication of the letter from the Treasury. The demand for discounts and advances continued to increase till the 21st, when they reached their maximum of 21,616,0001 " The public have also required a much larger quantity of notes than usual at this season, the amount in their hands having risen on the 21st to 21,554,0004 " The Bank have, since the 12th, under the authority o' the letter from the Treasury issued 2,000,0001. of notes in excess of the limits of the circulation prescribed by the Act of 1844, and have passed securities to the issue departmentto that amount. "That, however, is not the measure of the amont actually parted with by the Bank, which has not exceede-i 928,0001., the remainder of the 2,000,QQ01. having been retained as a reserve of notes in the banking department, which, at the same time, also held 407,0201. in coin. " We subjoin a statemnent of accounts from the 11th of November to the 28th inolusive, from which it will be apparent that the Bank continued to meet all the demands for cuscounts and advances, on approved securities, to remedy the commorcial discredit and distress mentioned in your letter of the 12th inst.. ' as occasioned by the recent failure of certain joint stock banks in England and Scotland, as well as of certain large mercantile firms chiefly connected with the American trade,' and aggravated by the subsequent embarrassment of large joint-stock banks. "In discounts and advances the sum supPlied to the public between the 12th of November and 1st of December amounted in the aggregate to 12,645,0001. "SEEFFIELD NEAVE, Governor. "BONAMY DOBIREE, Deputy-Governor To the Right Hon. the First Lord of the Treasury and the Right Hon. the (Chan. cellor of the Exchequer." JAMES WILSON. Treasury Chambers, Dec. 3.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to bring to your notice the case of a sergeant of Artillery's wife, which reflects great discredit on the military authorities, and is not, I suppose, a solitary in stance of mismanagement-to call it by no harsher nameon their part. The sergeant went to India abont ten wesks ago, agreeing and arranging to leave Ss. per week of his pay for his wife and child. The young woman has not received a farthing from Woolwich since his departure, and her ap plications iu that quarter are fruitless. I found her yesterday residing in a low dlamp hovel of a cottage with an old uncle and annt, who are subsisting on parish pay, 'which is not enough to keep their own old bones warm, and out of which we knowr they can afford to spare but little for their niece. The poor young woman is nursing an infant six months old. She had formerly been a housemaid in my service, and. spending the day in her villge, I called to see her. I was ocked to fiLnd her worn by illness, reduced by cough, pain in her side, and want, to a condition that paMnfully im - pressed me how it might end. Of course, I shall not lose sight of her, but, Sir, Is it no' a shame that the wife of a man who has gone to serve his country in India shonld be exposed to the trials and dangers of want, and perhaps, be brought to an untimely grave, 'when he could support, and is wiUing to support, her oat of the pay that he earns? Will you oblige me by publishing these facts, and making those comments on them which you know Eo well how to do in words that barn Yours resDectfullv. -CLERICUS. PM 4
THE W1VAS AND PA MILIES OF T2RW SOlDrERs IN INDLA. TO THE EDITOR OF TEB TIItBS. Sir,.-As the reconquost or India is almoet entirely attributable to the valour and endurance of tho British soldiers of Her Majesty's service, I mnst, with your assist. ance, again become the defender of the wivea and families ot vhese poor fellowe, whose genuine modesty will not permit them to obtrmde upon the pubolic their grievances, a.nd whose strong sense of duty aud discipline preventsthemn from complatining. Tn a le-ter in The Tinmes of yesterday I perceive that the Indian Relief Committee have decided not to relieve the wives and families of soldiers in the present war. As a subscriber to that fund I think they have decided wisely, becase beforo long the number of the widows and orphans of these soldiers will be so numerous that, large as that fund is, it will scarcely meet the emergency. But this is no reason why the Directors of the Est Ind[a Company should not immediately take up the case of the wives and families of those men who are restoring India to them. That hon. Company is now actually saving thousands in consequence oi not having had to provide for the trausport to India of the wives and families of the whole relieving army that has been sent there. They are bound to convey to India the families of soldiers in the proportion of 312 per cent., in the present war all this expense has been avoided by the detention of these familiesin England, and not only has this saving been effected by the Company, but the mai.tenance of these families in India has been avoided. for it is not generally known that the British soldier's wife and child receive a regular monthly pay while in India. Doubtless it was a wise decision not to send these families at present with their noble husbands and fathers, but, is it no a miserable mockery to u raise these men Bo much. for their conduct, while we alloiw their families to starve ? The simple remedy would, in my humble opinion, be the immediate issue of an allowance to those families who would have embarked with their fathers and husbands, this allowance to be pald by the East India Company, who are in every sense liable to an expenditure on this account. The Queen's Government have for the nrst time granted a small allowance to a very small proportion of these fami. lies; let the Company's Government do the same, and then we can read with a quiet conscience of the heroism of the British soldier in India. Your obediAnt smrvant. H. L. POwYS. Mainr. ±aze i±on. ;secretary to tho Central Association for the Rellerof Soldier'? Wivea and Families. NO.?.; Whitehal], London..-
SALE BY AUOTION, At the Mart. ThIsDay. HSN OGGART and TRTST beofiwed In the follow. f.}nterest In oneighth share OP Yoney In the lFnds, 2, Hoe ts. Th!be Manor of Blckmangwor. £0, In four lots Old Thoed-stset. Capital Wine tor peremptoy Sale, MESSRS. ROBINS are directed to SELL by ilLm AUCTION, at their ROMS, In Oovgardsu. To-morrow, 6t,at of 01, chaIse WINES, selected writh UnsUal Oare, including averil nnaU bh s ot ulry flne old Postt d-7 flavour. s eight, =d ten FewS {n bottle, and aGlesundtem urmeser a shi3ppng, inselendid order Tor ImmedAiYue. 4e a tI gaeaol old Fhy N Gordon 's a other sboipecol caine odl East Indi 'adera, e atea Mnt ear an othe Olueto,sarkling Eongl nofoeign Maashn di Zaa n Cncato dAmsterm. 8amplee, with catalogues, may be had at the office, In Co t~gren. A Varste aof chice Elgravix45 anr OUw Prlnting.-To PrMOtMll, oazulwBoiler Bhatd G adlmidegs and othe Ps ,&C R. SIT A D in coIunco wit MrH D ,l1 R. JOH TOZER will SELL by AUCTION, at 1oth C1ree-Ane,l;Ydcate-srLeT IS DAY, Dro, 4 at bo, d STOC of ENG1iAVINGS (some framed, and a cbcdce coliecties oi 0oa Pa-t Igro by embient a.the by order of the P andSor ling Engdland On vew. Cataogues had of the autioneer. easehodi Property.-CnberwelL lIsE. ABAIN will SELL bv AU mTIO N, at tho Red iLL OaD, Oasmbersaee. on Wednesay, Dec. 16, at3o'clock, lMlNE wel-built DWELLIN HOIJ8E9, being Caroline-place, Wind ham-road,held for anunexpired term of :10 rear,,a alow ground rent, and proding £93 iTs, Der annum. Pandcara may be ned at the anctenser'eo foes, 11, WIndmill-place, Cambewnel, and87. Chancer,-lanhe. Salge.-Bgt ckfrnatrait.-SLxihosae Dower Rteam Bite, 1-ore Codcu BoUlen . w alsin and MBcmlnery, e Paie lanMns, ac. . B. SITGRAVte , ln n onrunctiou with Mr. HIOD. M BOE L,RI WEL byAUCTION, onu daDeembev8 at12. n the PremIse, w, Yok-street laK tareene, a sbort d trce from the brdge, thD ecb6Te MacIInery, and Stock in Trbe of a SCoULE BCABD UNd SPTU e CmoEdoi saTod bfswmthelatfire, compIng Da sir-horse poere hi-pessr stem-egiP, a l2-hon powretlerse tuf and maohinery, g rought bl osrw leon ptipe t7owood cnstern.d alnut-cttlog maIne,l10 cleanbt pe planks, caisbort do., Arnot' stove. splnts,fire-wood,ron, and a variety of other effects ra;y be vewed thelday pri ale, eand eatalognes had on tpomiras: and at ahe nctao ine te', 28, eadenwalodctreet, oElegat modera Turnitu e, including Drowing Boom uIteg Sn rorn wrood and wTalnut Dining BOOmI Suites, Para Man^tel Clobrillmant tone CotfAgePSranSorek, P gne n g aravnge, WESSDS. .KWRG andCo wlte StoBELL byAC AUTION attelnW0dne,,1d66, Oxfolrd9tet anardfuoke-s.tr onMonday 'DecemnbzeDr17 Rat 1 rcly, an asemblagte of elegntt eOUwh da,D thIeNWTlO removedufromi T t. JoftheWeod foArthe convenience of sale: compring doubledrawio ng roomI elite In rosewoodpane wlu oA cand . oy b l:al2 onwho*ts, hefsonlesfe cabied s. 6o8 and otbertablee, eleganticrinneysndm other f lat aein a vsed I an ilt frame, ootava cottare panoorteIntoew. case, D eSa acrna ownaets,au beouros, stra dInng crom O uits ;h *mat b oer'n. prilulg extending dSinng ables, pedestal tldeboas librr table, chairs, easy chair, large lruael and other carpethw e ery kupeior chamber furniture, rabian, Iron, and other bedsteds, winged wratr. robes wilh~iLlsats-le-gd*oor, hnra ad toil-et gfrflaX.hlte.rtopweb strand anon o drvesn tabes, and the uos al heamber fhritre an l7few fine engravings, dinn5t, desrt, ard tasevings, ktchen san cuinr utensil. On vlew. Catalogue s a abote p ad at the oibce oth a t oneere, I, WellIngtonr oad, 8t. John's-wloL i chae tpop mile frr,on Pottaer's-br Btation, asd threemiles from BaerKs f inet. b e in l IVJ na Store Dlffi 11 ows, and ! fo Izow.nda5 sta 1ach daf the4 w6IeCo the genuin STOCK of the lat Arcbl scmrsesofbs 20 cart da os o es, U1 cow aend hshler,a le-!cec bul straw aw cock of clover sed,and 120 loads of meado hay and cloves, TRhe Simpisments consist ct a four-ogae power thesig mahine, chaff-cutting maclues, two sovu ilh,two tuaipditto, smal usd url,chieartwaer at fv Iro plouh, odditl svra and dairyn4teusili, wheere' stuff, £0.: al thkee quarersof alt, 8lb. r hops, nd nutmer ous effects.X Maybe viewed two ayspmto thesae adjacent townsadsaaes; oigspllc Ilbary, Barnet- and of live stc}, cars nd haCngs stun tire5 J>rtln Jo4al pleudulswill MR. PHTILLP amsi whb m ha.Pul ,d b Se, a Sk. 4w T'O-mo 24zowxt~aac u q m1ojsfalnal ,re 5 a Pe hle -egm am ehlu8e that he u.M bedana TO -aomr*2r.-1ohmrw.x ,02 Tht v, - h~~~~I x J;r t_E, SEy AXAI1 &UO e I, ,ace moem TUo. Iie e - Ma. um,miut amatw,~ Whe Sor hooW b-e. °.bslnS2,. UMMhhoPoy; and e be ebag, ab weMeB,EL4 byode*wn.w jt wa4kuWood= b,kow wihhue. TO U isStn AMie, In% W( Wo ?WzLTAb R- 'SLL RR diy AUCTIOk attl of 0 elau o tnar BSRS. s Wmb to cE tt BELL IND IZOloo the Ca i, AU , t e Xhw dealoac m d Porion ed intmo letago ie. MEL GEORG eEe LUatP the e.Jat M g.-ltrand. ardesstr ah n be.gels dRring5l BJrMtoiwl.h &a and as maejufaedrn paIs tMzdAndfooe ao4ge)bataeseHeso Maday. t~' OWENPHLIS ntrce to4h BnELL bY AUTIN eM ges ocsNwEO*e%m Prime ME&DOW ~ ~ lead, &btiaoatMLod ot. U5.e4a euleof we mss a tuOl SO 40Uasko ~ et ~ kigg.k.ooebs, etube ubwndyscetgiJ haeius. aud I-ROmmpa i.5 eI t :a aBoom,w h--brT.. Is for 11W baGat st.A OUdS4ErOLD Dris, anUd P 16else din"'o ol WIe.rp n 14aseu,hnw.hou, iulaues, a gwioeetut and roewotdorth_ :anMeem-wo,d, cabearou-M in SJ0dt lilo IobAdsofat, l s ILPHL~l8be~ow wiath vfeMabckatd doo wlarg ddra"M m"bSe4 w 34hta16 ¶lgngtblsan lavl eteesTnding Innertabloe scid tse; the nrpleal gRredtlmo n ma bokm e, ro ie"hal e- n Twitot Thw rass. b Met-e, uisdDeaLe bACRoN, at recivd nerulfu A p2twh1thout, any ~ ~ ~ ~ aplcatou Eltobfi0% ResIntA MrW .WITIfatath uut be odd W meet h oee-o -he~1e K. BMbom eLeoz.iget,Oq.qoS e, St MVH F.G.IDERwlSL If.AUDTIn,by. A J. O A Begoth 7W , T3 4507*UprllORtoet; eli I V- atn d lertr tobseeal enne n ia. 13 e Nsiaaln I ds M. ns h m cl8.teng smof I nd-rsets. WSRJ. OXNUb W~i'SELL by AUCTON a D&Y, hi rat tM.Kio-4 NO - 353 Oxfextvesibytsee5TI DAYi-n TilE OOmatubAsbJ1 , -pst elandos ofdu vaeablead u h-E hOSOP aiOL with wftg O MPOK id and PlainW wardrobel,der eweisloal bOmacie 6)U D("band 3a5.cleaw al 1h foek tohls dawng oocS [Egrvigs poo utes a nd ie r hina loo.ials. . andoU tals PedlfalaiLd M yenloed e ond edabeo r, a hinceaeygnesm6dbiot To lit ingo v and. -rimongleeuhctze moHmbATCHndr a,l fr nseLL and caUCTIO cat tel Aw.aBisusfal nd sn,amm Taea,De be, 8 ead LoThmpoe mad OtR inUhiof sa.Ople sdg LO dI. Iedhe ooa M.6h0 lalm d!Wlop,6and140Leekfo aseolute 8eedlwcT k Cfottkepeoes, t Oegnh n l h raods, and ot teacine,0 MESSRS. SPILLMAN and SPENCE~~~~ winl SELL ~YL by AUCTIO A atteMr nTedy eebr AUCTIR ON AXL t heMe,OOWi hel Byn f ngea fl~DiMac ofMeue. arer B ms a d to slllt..1,O i~ts.et mids suPrror-ori and Sherries, eo ra s, ODckburn'sAdanLfnd-eAmshippng, ohsmae,bn, A. Tbe bottled wines, &M. coM very hoIen old Poet landenan' shipping, 10 eams in botUte; 60 doz. vor uPIro old PFt Ockobckue sIpping 4 years In bottleU; 6 dot. dme Pol Tanoloes shipping; 24 doz verWegpalSherry,armoYsshiping44dOn.eold 3erat ; 6 doz. superior pale Sherry ; 6 doz. cho c gdhe 8 , dIto, Gordon's s 40ddozn choice Obampge= : 100 do0. dhret, 8L j 3l'den; 40 iody, sLM and a lng 27 don. Eusellee: YO oz. Henness brnudy. Ac. Sample botes mua e hadon paoymnt. May be tste at the offces of the auciolner wo da prior to sle. OstSldguesat the Mart O r a f the auconQreer, 8 Poultry. In Banukrupty.-To arpentes Blders, Cblrmkere6Wb&elwrlghht Farmers, and otheme.-Lrgoe iok ot rglie and Foreign Timbe,n Timber Oeri e, Two Sprng Carsall C aen, Peouy Chiase, Hand Truok. loke Flttings, Ma C sen and tble and Trade Article. MESSR3. MOORE ad TEMPLE are inctmout Uby the Assihes of Mr. James Clarke to SELL by AUCTION, Ont helPremlms Cmns-brldgawhr, Klogland-road. onTiuceday Dec. 8, and following dp at 11 each day, the a.pitsl STOCOK Ot otRS B white and yellow spruce and pine dews and battn lank a t stufft boards and plbnk, hre-tree boa =papi a elm, dm, and 6ecdeplanks6 2000 f7. of f ak scantling, 0 oak pk peles oa poet and sur railway pst sills, alh, sa 9,000 ah elloos alh and oak cart-bed, oak het spoks, oak andelm stock and woodmonemr, a quanti%y of pspd work fot buildefs, elm boards, plntlh e laths, slate batens, d tb, butcber' bloer usefliostff. atund fie V1ewonMondiou nd=mormingoC sl Ceogueoatherre. s of J. R, Ohidley rcq. oletdlor, 10. asI ll-utreet- aandof M 3ssrs.1foore endorPenir, ausreerae, 4.t r B Id-latnreet,cltyd. -rWw.-a$ts i saolee T iumlture. Mhimney and P, Gl Planofoetme by eminent Nakes, China and Glass,and mlsceDee ItemIe removed fom private esideo Also a fewdnsS Wine, the tbert v o S a g MESSR . WOrs:EtkwoTJARVIS wiM SELL byAUQT b I8 at *t theIr gatBoo m, on Tt, -Iwis SP wiweurtalns oanse, conches, chairs, eIndlnulgt da, o, aeutee and occasiocal tables, calinets, eresele andsdotberearpet , u twodler so, and sanornamenti eanrEortemm. cent ak o the dJnng sooand library, e atr OmhogydingteblhDee on Oxsding framesr, pembl nd oher welorswzAhtin andltibee,dtabler haEliesmans no etoeb o caplaldinj beingo,ed a D dd reach. es neaeadeo ewith 4 etcIl.tlee,acedggt Z dthes domtIc dlees, end70elil6eou4es6C. Also afey dozeuba dt wine, eor2pdd2grport, ,and chmpane Kay be veed th dy'.cadV ther,wine at the time ot mie and ocao ^ts ise,0S.c-'Zl ale,QsnbW ndlr 19, 03pe Us. iroaTi g torm tUptiblic the, AN. I 3OSaYo1.1 =awOv9w auk bIjkU Wasew I -~~~vA WI g > the pssisdft& ;5DL 5sIW in th ww odo .% IkWnh* ezsspese a sit10 MonA... rntss T. lalgas X AiA TIO ~ ~~O wit and Spask, "a"~bt byPyn; Dtbo Noef.l qZ.W.Vooks Ly.adul. hyP Chwkk.., _& A T.UwIt.LA. ZW. O.A.UA T.fessk - 7 A.- .WAYAWL G.Ieew` _.-P 4-;=.RtA.-XU5ays-, - -T. W*bd* Al FA.IL,A.* ]LAudsl,* W3 Pbep..,DRbesH. JbnhnIh.A. Is;*, esm -ge, W9:# 4D, ILZ al-_ :S~~~~~~=Jd'*A bo aTioA tlsng Mof h rnucest Rofa Risme tro Hst Rwek.igier.Winsitg O."tasys -, OtoTk oanRo Dat hi ooM PJlese Om,U8Il an is suitgd Habour fZgaits 1>3truecgo _ieeLi gra`nel tpO RO-, eM, Ond lI-vt, impisi o bW whole_ , sk; nonl br~~ awdband e;MM.- rUR 8C:OTy}tEEC i11 8EL by r oX y Stock f an IONF()UIDR ~ And SMIH nldlgto mepolaOn X3~~~~~~h3 ti G R w ^ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~70, Mao IT. F recdvd insstuions from logan ellows. thnt gtools, dtoZLLyAvieO. a Vand the OFfects. zAtztoe sa t . hudy.wiib oDwere the eate i2the, the Ukiasss, etablished 7 bee W-ma.eed athe oDsmoen. ebtt4qxr_ AeSL od r.ZFar -.r . an nmder al nouSle MItmEDW0HRI LEiTll3}BeR wil OBELOL by AUI Witot wesrve,onlr thee, said stle . Tosdayo no,oboO4din ^a X8,=osh~baydoir and. W ednesday, Dec. Sand O at I each day, Vi wOedes the . WrEnch and N oglish PA. IiH&NGIIrGS and D HA TIOtdo ir, latartps,an.w l fh,2 a iber o. 'a - PLiW-X'd'W*AL in rame enrbn, huB. COTOHR wil SELLby AUCTION,a tho WBoor S, Od Ilnd-ee, b ur s. on Wuesday,dDec. .vORTB,cucnprsang a splndid -Oct K bLa graD.7 obyoe card andGriosmcdcsseaydwoo. od E CCts WocrIa. lts eroeu, n he LLyU TIOontc.On view thedayarn of Deel ataogu 1b&ero Sat the orue- Lemeoldgidom at. VA undRotAdidea uu ot tetlmndcese t SL bTAOIng. Valuable OROVNDLstBt one veluable lond Lowe. UatP# POU whichOO has beo b1a d out wllhln the. The tw Oadetbose anald ath esa witdaeryS t~~~~~~~~~or ontSo eA With, COrekeTS01milequ0 e helD ad tog an W unex iedtr Cbo a nde"A= for eas ter annem, kinur fonrepand may pattionlagh ita fM. Mo! e who admirabl aeijol o aidatone; A. . Guyt KoReq b stI, e Eat,oda-br uag rha e MrJ. Juebe., auctIoneer, 5. atn MD p e£useoratermo,r OHARLEzYA 10 a% ecoratoir ant trer aem9am UWMaDtcondltons di obb dill SEL B bI AUZC- These erenItg, Dat1ber the 4Uby at Ct Te imey, Psno.di ESSRS. JONES S. atoNUIi SELr4 St Pedtbeleassr tGrem s I6 ,EOKIG 6 leelg, &bo:t 60 fre, GBAVecmlSt onelf lew.eingpa,nlngsl hanromebo hae- *gotaprc, gods, and sai.et olerns tecs Myb iewerho llendamlrss4mocrninguf esn cat-logue. room Iofth autoeer. No. E7, Resentdree-A ImPortzat Gallery of ihW cba sltrff Ddremoved from lRuo e A.P GAVBtt WiCC M.HEar"C0bm To N S:EI by AbOTOve Tn the Tr AIY NtidngDe,l bso 4 I1d ool, an ImT e. ktohanifION of very coione PAIn1WO, Rptroeaed com awa towl oDactk r at NeWeguae embrang lmoer obens Jrrrgldrs Sgop. . a W - o, ings 1getold nd s pie and Fegues, C c dass, H aoly t W al Gualarin Angel, Dompcklatd r ecad and Icnonu ebe iytems shpconerLlu se an d other fitu..0 * Valwnz Terburg W ttsn KArl du Jri Ber.hmse Vfi Ddrtde uWstonry TeCro, a O w. a ernsle, n clogue of Kr. Gos tlr xi TbJe edDOg t day), De-- 4. at bhfw &S-gerinune Household ChEltm% Inrutel ookcss% ditto Xoo Table, Ants, GlI. d ESS W. and F. e. alBONArWUI BEL uL No9 AI0 MtON at their woo- -l. 19,.pacebowrecd -essnta quadrant. T on EOebG , at .f- the remainMOn eMoetTUsEforthebed chemfecsOinclUding oahoand Ir4-pon lraoa, Arbiand ond bedrnsed Prewoh Iepansh, cm bgda , nwaroe,. o asbleo as- lto, , hotsw of drai, d adho4tab dre&ler la1er tomet yglass toeet fsd dingi,;gtables,drawl anddrpets ocmst Comslnit pno wralnut- rood draoin room vet th dak ay beati an d mcnn sate,r Catologueso dron the pentable, d ot f t eo looa - OnVie.A el t eembITo el, cmadtr ouvehornp eFure4nnit tane ei ne,edrandd-eteee, W. C. acnd ill, A ayste, N. W Thne- andots, oedando t ble oLtn Is c.snen f oP OtheE I t of. il ane5 dma-lone , otWaledt-nedy t th oday o Dhiteo goD te . B l:c,, Dr-ioresely bidchecntei ono t MortraOe Sousooweredinea¢tprolut.ocksan Ofme ebee= tbbre ao yo.einmrw jsb%d3ln W On Vwr.An etAnemblce 2valuable loan lmlturer noblec Warndrteos a with elln gpseorsl, with every modernOre co2 eleo, dimeblgMosc hone, ride with-e 5Pln. glasrof atsndooBronecefDr #enarrigc Chefoterin. fSoerel Xn Oos ovleer onnlaonse dnwraoom.r The whnolen adirbly Dae terbInus, Arabl&d sane Motomt Bddet BTh el e. m rble-sea Watrend dpet Obannu Ir alng Tno9 ge Dralaes1 nd fero ODeeomr 23. remoad en itedan r citor a, 6, Ha oon-slree, ehcadurlu;and. THI Ald (dgoram St. MaLVI.e their Inley THI EVEING ate 6 rcsl,aot 80t fi nereere.Ater 200 oIl pantng, any f ig l a eaWnd bohsc,,No. 7, entc-sret.An, Imoat Dden ofhighnaa Pictuarne.4 dim nswloDJgs; do.. an 84ee1 S lab mahogany sideboard with BVesamF* chairs inunaoga covee in moroco withe and ounch en sIt, risin dinne gon, two loso diI bles. Arabeuiana other bedptow ds with bedding, d g admr-loge bahtnae omds, to, ac f ew out-doer Itm.On view. Qata alnoue aS above5,a f Beard, Dotors' bn mddv o cSg u e untof a sueror cbacl4 Carpets, Pariam.hn iue,omnnan kltnCok,fw Bzonze., rich china ervic, ougs,and numeros effecl4 r o from twoprvat idenoes. rtinbeing bycderof the Sndi, IRL LEWIS has reeivd luatr oo to SELL br M3L AUCTION. e the waboueX. No. 69. Q%ne treet. two doe' from New Onnoeaes.t cityr, TBDAY (Piar) Dea. 4, at 2, the. FURNITU , do,, OuOMpr a egamt and richly cedw n draing room sMte of crs, lounges and indlging chbr., vauable Inlaid table. and cabinets. cbhe xn filed with pate.gle nmrble lo,seeral briliLnt plate oirny gluse zo cur, Dile, and e Oarpets, a ollecotio of pro pfetn, caved oblong eat, cca. AonAl, and other tables. a powertul tond 61-ocave conage Dianotorte, music canterbur, and numeroux drawing=room elemace., suprb paish mahognd oom,ibraay.and bedhamber appotntmanW, ulding tw)o no%bl ets of telesco6p dininbleab a rich caved bek ldevoas,aoakbookcatt blet eror stuffed back sndOther ebelrecoodInmr hio,able Avabiscbobedsad and damAsk x an xemtAon : fober bdjnr, roblewineedsardrohfitbted wi tk lcC1ntorea. cests of drae, ahnd, B els cer. pets,crtains, bl idee ie, and numeo v bl effects On viewr this morninguntil 1, and cataloue ma be had pg the auctIoneer d 90. L fndon alL . 1, WosiwO-tmreet Dlchggt-tet-Tbe Eflees oS a 3erchwt, under an xlbeuon f tou ing Machine.. 5b 0 ads od Netogd Cleth, SOlh. of raCe ISdoran Wine. Proof sings, vallleClock, two CabinrilXls twro Wrting Tables, andEfects MTESSRS LEWIS wFill SELrL br AUCTIo2q' by .LVJ.Order dtof thed ShrfSa their Room, P?, Lndon-wal, To-motro . turda), Do4. 5, atl2, a PAIR od noble CABInESn, eQdy0locb, cl0 XothdS, U dosen dC Pest and Siteer, 30b, df cigrs. eshe ot sauoe, four coyn acines profI prints a few lots d furnitre th utbo uuneers 90,° London-wall.ce tinte and poblidned XWllmEenio,prne of o.1 nnt bos-qur,a the B ce in Prnigloeseur and Gl 10t. e - T E.. L - 1- I ~ . ..- -1 --
