BIRTHS. ,On thae 31st July, 1857. at New Ansteriam, jeslbi.-, Mms. Richard rname. of a son. On the 3d inst., at 9'suthbes, the wife of Captain W. J. Kinsme,a R.-iL.I., of a dauichter. On the lfth iDst. at NWest BromDton, the wife of J. IL 13yfo,d, Beg., of aru.O. On the itth Inat., at 0.No 1, Fersp la, H Robert Miller, FRI,es M.D., of a, eon. .-yep,,tewf3O On selumly, tbiesl 15 leSt., at Wjgginton Rectory. Yurkehife, IMs. animea WVortley Cortetl. of a 3-rn. Oss the 13th iust., at 32. Upper lIe±tord-PlaCO, Russeelt-square, Mrs& Nathaunel Jouas, of a s-an, On the 14th ¶nat.. at 6, Magdalen.row, Great Prescot-etreet, Mxs. Ale-ander Loctts, of a Eon. On the 34th Itdt, at Urave.seud, the wife of the Rev. Robert Joynese On the 14th meat., at Glatton, Hunts, the wife of the Rev. Georga Wlvgngild, of a daeghter. On the) 14th lest., at Portobello, Editohorgb. the wife of w. Fat,Oihne. Rsq., of Greonknowe, Eerwickhirte, of sa-daughter. On the 14thL lnst., at Edinhu,rgh, the wife of the Rev. George K, Bigge, ot Ovinghamu Northumborland, of a daugihter. On the 15th inst.. at 7. Laorenre Pouutney-hill, Cannon-street, Mrs.. ThomAs Harras4ue. of a son. On the 15th InBt., at Old Chariton,, Kent Miss. Charles Nsichols, of a dAvghter. On the 15t2 loot., at Hsniopstead, the wife of Henry COOper Rote, 31.D.. ot a eou, etillborn. On the l5th iant. at Victoria-road, Kensington, the wife of James WusliamRldgwa.y. Es41., of a daughter. On the 15th inst., as 12, Addison-terraeo, Kensington, Mrs. Robert Leighton. of ae on. On the 15th lost., at Waterloo, Liverpool, Mdrs. Matthew Fordo, of a son.
MIARRIAGES. On tbe 10th iust , at tho ,aetherdal, NIM ohe,ter, by tho Rev. Chas. iortlook, viCar of Nt'roning"ro. Drr Uleveetone, loczarire, uncle ot the bridt, asslited by the 1R v. H. IM AVeottuore. WllIIMm Ormo.d. Xaq., ot Hazlebeach. Norihamptous.lze. to Frances EMizAbeth, dauighter of D.. A kitrlin%. Ee:.. alUcitR)r, 51Mtrket Rarhorough. Ou the 10th inat., at Aldbhr.ough. ultffol, by the Rev. H. T. Dowler, r.rojrted by the Kev. I. Baker,. Jiros WVlijm. only ron of J. Smith, Err., of South Audley.oirer9.. aud 8Sub-olk iRotwe, Acton, to Loulsi Maria, eldeit daughter of News n Garrett. Eq . of .td1ibrough. On the 12th Iont.. at :;t. Pna.rao. by the Rev C. El. Andeews, James, Becopd Son of the l.te JK.t,r8 Gioonho, iRoq., to Victoria Ame, youugcst daughter of to3e l:te CUapt. ICoss, of Mouaghan, Ireland. On the 14th lnot.. at Crivple4ate CJhurch. Geo,rze Francis RolehiOd too of Oeorge rEdboad. of the btland of Antiglia, ai.d We Captalu of tio 3d Foot oUarag. to A-:lla, ouli huoviviug diuighter of Watson Brrd.ha)v, hEq of WoudAwortr. tian rey. On thol4th inet, at lit. Jamei 3 Church, Plumstead. Woolwich, by the Rv. oerris <rs 3wtler, B.A., dr. SamVuel B. Craeowrriwlr, to bdIo Annie (O,.Davkh s. On the 15h. ous'., at Graffham. Hsntinrdonuhlre, by the Rev. B. £alo pauckle, He,,ry Oi.lorer Plluele. '8th Reet Msdre Xati,e rn. tantri, to Loui,a Halo, y.nug.st darighter of the late Rev. 13. Pnokle reetor of lirffhani. On Tu-!gday, the 15th lIst., at the v .rlh church of St. AlDhega, Greenrwich. by the Rtev. T. t,bb. Nt. A., Mir. WillIasn Ja.eea. of Londou roar. Santhwvsrk. to Ann, ellest daughter of Mr. tharles Elardlug, of London-street, trceer),vi.h. Oni the 1ith ililt.. at Klenliqtton Church, by the lRe. William Wright. Wmlha=n Tyrrell, IEi1 . of Tmhnrl.e-plce. South henlngfton, to Amelia iarabh,=o0ng. st daughter of Itibert saawe Lor,gb.twrn, &sq., of SuoserPlace, l11ienyttorm.Rihr On the 1Ith iust., at U%..ehley. by the Rev. Willam Hutchinacn liaraloon Dalton, of the Mo.. e Temnple. loqm.. son of thb i .te Ricbart Dalt.n. ROt.. ot OIa .mOd vb, House, Haute, to Eliz4beth, ynougn,r d.atu hrer of lenry fionuttort, of Beauwburet Hell, in the cotunty of hitailord, Esq. On thuo 1ih iust., at St. James' Chbirob. Exeter, by the Rev. J, Corfe, R d. M£obryde Breuu, Eoq., J.P., Collector of (lutoms, ProsX.amtle, Westeru ste,,ia, t Lb-rlotte. d.agehtr oi Czneral Herbtrt, Jial.bI~.F On the 16th iot., at St. Pa,crrs Cburch. by tI e Rev. R. i. Redfern. Jobe, eldatt eon ot Air. J. t;. riimlipr, of Fortte, t-erace, Kentih. towu, to Mary Noowltoo, elri,a ditughter of Mr. John Preedy, of 3recknock-.reoceno. U ariden-town.
THIE M1UTINIES IN INDIA. _-- -- - .- ,& pc,rtior. of the following appeared in our second on of yestordazy:-] By the arrival of the Overland Mail from Pombay, which was forwarded by a French steamer, -we have received a Bombay Gazette of the 15th of August, and an overland Bomba7y Times of the same -date. The letter of our Bombay correspondent has msot yet reached us, and the Calcutta mail, which 'was probabl7 despatched by the Valetta, has not yet arrived. We take the following summary from the Bomfbay 'Timaes of the 15th of August:- " By the good hand of our God iupon us, our 3Knglish readers will receis advices from India by ,thls mail of a decidedly cheering character. Although -rebellion yet reigns in the Upper Provinces, and mnutiny, with its horrors, is no longer confined to -the Bengal army, still it is true that the swelling -and inundation of this great rebellion have not -merely reached their height, but are actually refluent. -,General Havelock, with his chosen band, was the frst successfully to stem the wild torrent and turn 'the tide. His appointment to the command of the Brigade at A-lahabad was the inauguration of v iotory. Under God, this heroic captain, -with his brave Highlanders, has saved India. His march has been ,eo triumphant, his success so marvellous, as to impress even the public mind with the conviction that he has received his mission from a higher than an earthly ruler; an impression rendered all the 3tronger when it is seen that the first thought of this ' mighty man of valour' in all his despatches is to ascribe all the glory of his signal achievements to -the Lord of Hosts; while Christian faith through- out the land has thus been reassured and animated; by the inspiration-'The battle is not yours, but' God's.' Go on in tnis thy might, great and good -soldier, and thou shalt save India. "General Havelock's force, on the reoccupation of Cawnpore, had, in eight days, marched 12G miles, fought four actions with Nbna Sahib's army against *overwhelming odds in point of numbers, and taken I 24 guns of light and heavy calibrc-and that, too, in: the month of July in India! On the morning of the 17th of July the force marched into Cawnpore. Thei .soul-harro wing spectacle which there presented! itself to them beggars description. The extent of the frightful catastrophe now became known. A wholesale massacre had been perpetrated by the fiend Nena Sahib. 88 officers, 190 men of Her Majesty's' 84th Foot, 70 ladies, 120 women and children of Her Majesty's 32d Foot, and the whole European and Christian popuilation of the place, including eivilans, mercha-nts, shopkeepers, engineers, pensioners and their families, to the number of about 400 persons, were the victims of this Satanic deed. The courtyard in front of the Assembly-rooms, in which Nena Sahib had held his head-quarters, and in which the women had been imprisoned, vas swimzning in blood. A large number of vom;en and children, who had been ' cruelly' spared after the capitulation for a worse fate than instant death,' had been barharously slaughtered on the previous morning-the womeu having been stripped naked, beheaded, and thrown into a well; thechildrenhaving been hurled down aliveupon their butchered mothers, whose blood yet reeked on: their mangled bodies. We hear of only four who escaped-a Mrs. Greenway, wife of a merchant, and three Indo- Britons. The diary of a lady is aid to have been found at Cawnpore, written up to the day: on which she was killed, and containing informa-tion of great importance, on wbich the General is acting. We shall eventualy obtain full particulars of -the horrible tragedy that has becn witnessed there. The small, brave, victorious army of retribution, harassed and worn out by their unprecedented ex ploits of the previous eight days, rested a dav or two at Cawvnpore, and then moved on (reduced in their numerical strength, as the result of their last battle, about one in 15 of their whole force), to meet the enemy again towards Lucknow. After passing by Bithoor, which they found cvacuated, and which they burnt to the ground, they met the foe on the 29th July, and the following substance of a deapatch from General Havelock to the Commnander-inChief in Bengal, with which we have been favoured, explains subsequent operations, which ended in the defeat of the enemy on two successive occasions:- "I CakMP, BUPEER-UL.GUNGE, JULY 30. " 'Arrived at Oonao 29th instant. The town protected by a swa!np, not fordable,on its flank; hou3es -loopholed, and defended by 15 guns. I attacked and captured it, vith aU the enemy's ouns. The enemy wvere aidud by a portion of Nena's force, com manded by Jupah Singh. Halted four hours, and then pushed on to the towvni, vwbich is also surroiunded by water, and was defended by four guns. The road to its entrance was destroyed, and the gate cannonaded. I assaulted and carried it with its guns. Enemy's loss heavy ; my own severe, being 8S killed and wounded. Private Cavanagh, 64th Regiment, would have been recommended for the Victoria Cross, but he was cut to pieces while setting a brilliant example. I desire his relations may be pensioned. Madras Fusileers greatly distinguished themselves, Lieutenant Dangerfield being first over the barricade; Lieutenant Bo,le, 78th Highlanders, was severely wounded while leading the way into a loopholed house; re-commuended to the notice of his Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Chief. Colonel Tytler, who was scarcely able to sit his horse,set an examnple to all of activity and daring. Lieutenant Havelock's horse was shot under him. Lieutenant Seton, Madras Fusileers, acting Aide-de-Camp, severely wounded. An entire tield battery of arms captured. Without -avalry I cannot secure horses or equipments. My volunteer horse improve daily.' " The latest accounts by letter from General Havelock's camp, dated 30th July, the day after the fight, state that the enemy were about two miles in front. The force was at Bupeer-ul-Gunge, 10 miles -from Cawv;pore. " The force expected to reach Lucknow on the 31st zltimo, when the little garrison there, under command of Major Banks, which has been so bravely holding out since the death of Sir H. Lawrence, would be relieved. After relieving Lucknow, it is the intention of General Havelock to press on to _Delhi, a distance of about 17-0 miles. " From Delhi we have received no advices of a&satisfactory character. The enemy make an occadional sortie in considerable force, but are invariably -driven back, after doing some injury to us, and much more to themselves. OwvingtoGeneral Reed's Cllness, the command of the forces has devolved on Brigadier-General A. Wilson, of the Bengal Artil- Sery. A battle was fought on the 18th ult., in which Lieutenant Crozier, of Her Majesty's 75th Foot, was killed. The enemygot backinto the city, after a very precipitous flight, with all their guns. Reinforcements were begining toarrive, so that it was expected -our force would soon be in a position to make -a general assault, with the certainty of being able to -hold the place after taking it. Intelligence of the fall of the city is anxiously expected. " From Agra there is nothing new since the battle -relatedl in our last. There are about 6,000 persons -ehut up in the fort there, and well able to hold -out, but anxiously looking for relief. " New mutinie*-have occurred at Dinapore. The ,th, 8th, and 40th Regiments of Bengal Native Infantry mutinied about the 23d ult., and Her MIajesty's 10th Foot shot down 800 of them. .The 12th Irregular Cavalry also mutinied at fthe sun-e place, murdering their commanding officer, Major Holmes, and his wife. The three Native Infantry Regiuents were considered stanch, and bad aetually but a short time before their mutiny kept the city of Patna from rising. 'Here are regiments,' says the Poonah Obserer, ' breaking out at the 11th hour, when the tide was tumning in our favour, and when European troops were passing continually up the river, thereby rendering the destruction of the mutineers as certain as if they had waited for some mysterious order, just like the Bareilly troops. Altogether, the more we ponder over it, the more mysterious the whole matter appears to us.' These fresh mutinies have caused much excitement at Benazes, as the mutineers are making their way, plundering, towards that city. " AU was quiet in Calcutta, although considerable apprehension was felt in connexion with the approaching Mohurrum. The Govermor-General has formed a corps of cavalry, to be called the ' Bengal Yeomanry Cavalry,' with the view of giving employment to the many Englishmen and others in Bengal and the North-West Provinces whose peaceable avocations have been interrupted by the disturbed state of the country, and who, although in no way connected with the Govern ent, are willing and eager to give an active support to Its authority at the present time, by sharing service in the field with the troops of the Queen and of the East India Company. "WlVe have remarked that mutiny is no longer confined to the Bengal army. The infection has reached our own presidency-our own troops.. In consequence of the more scrupulous withholding of intelligence on the part of Government, the community is kept in a constant state of painful suspense and of liability to alarm and panic. There is no good reason for this scrupulous secrecy, as the Queen's and Company's troops, the civilians and the Europeans unconnected with Government, and the loyali portion of the native community, are really strong enough to put down any attempt at insurrection. It would therefore tend greatly to the peace and quiet of the timid if Government would alow the press to receive and publish the intelligence from different parts of the presidency. We know that mutiny bas broken out in the 27th Bombay Native Infantry stationed at Kolapore. The only particulars thathavereached us regarding it are, that a portion of the regiment mutinied on the Buckree Eed the 1st instant. When the officers were assembled in the biliard-room after mess a Jemadar rushed in and gave them warning that the men were coming to fire on them. They imimediately repaired to the place of rendezvous previously appointed; but three young officers, ignorant of the place or bevwildered in the darkness, went astray, and were taken and murdered by the mutineers. The mother of the Jemadar, an old woman, went to the house of Major Rolland, the commanding officer of the regiment, at the same time that the Jemadar went to the mess-room, to warn the ladies of their danger, and afford them an opportunity of making their escape. No sooner had the ladies effected their escape than the house was surrounded by the mutineers. Disappointed of their prey, they revenged themselves on the faithful old woman-her fidelity cost her her life. A number of the rebels were seized ; the rest made their way to other parts of the country. They have since returned, and there has been obstinate fighting there; but we have not learnt the result. Belgan), Dharwar, Rutnagherry, Sattara, and other places were thus thrown into great excitement. Our reports from those places are, however, so conflicting that -we do not feel justified in attempting any statement regarding them. The Collector of Sattara, Mr. Rose, a man in every respect equal to the occasion, has thought it advisable to send the ex-Ranees and the adopted son of the late deposed Rajah to Bombay, and they are now in confinement on Butcher's Island-a depOt of the Indian navy. A plot was discovered at Poonah, concerted between the Moulavies of Poonah and Belgaum, for the massacre of the Europeans and Christians of those stations, Letters were intercepted at the Poonah Post-office which contained full details of the conspiracy, and which enabled the authorities, timely advised, to shun the coming evil. The Moulavie of Poonah, and several accomplices from that station, are now prisoners on board the hon. Company's frigate Akbar, awaiting their trial at the next criminal sessions for high treason. Arrests have also been made at Belgaum and Ahmednuggur of persons implicated in this Mussulman conspiracy. Matters had proceeded so far in Poonah that arrangements had been made and materials prepared for blowing up the arsenal. The community of that station have suffered great anxiety for many days. The authorities have disarmed the natives of the Cantonment Bazaar; but left those of the city, the most to be suspected, in possession of their arms. From the principal out stations the women and children are being sent to Poonah andBombay, under military escort. Our own city is perfectly quiet, and our citizens free from auy serious apprehensions of evil. There was considerable alarm, occasioned by reports of the worst character, at the time of the Buekree Bed; but those who experienced it have been fully reassured. The community have the most entire confidence In the wisdcom, vigilance, and firmness of the Right Hon. the Governor, who is the Commandant of the Garrison, and who has left nothing undone in the measures which he has adopted to prevent an ontbreak, or to crush it the instant it should be attempted. His Lordship Is fully alive to his serious responsibility at the present crisis, and is most indefatigable in his exertions, thus setting an example to all under his authority. Heads of departments receive orders from him before they are out of their beds in the morning, and they are not unfrequently called upon by him to report on the execution of them after they have gone to bed at night. He enjoys in the highest degree the gratitude and confidence of all the well-disposed in the community, and be is a terror to all others. He has made every possible preparation for the accommodation and comfort of the additional troops expected from England, and has retained in Bombay Her Majesty's 33d Foot, the Duke of Wellington's Regiment, just arrived from the Mauritius. In every department of the service there are promptitude, activity, and readiness; and in the bosom of every member of the community there are quietness and assurance. " India has received a blow from the effects of which she will take long to recover-a check to her career of improvement and progreas which will retard her for many years to come. A large district of the country has been, as it were, sown with salt; public buildings and property of every kind have been destroyed; public treauries have been spoliated, and the ainews of national improvement, as well %s of war, have been cut; the minds of many have been unsettled, and infected with disloyalty; a vast multitude of precioui lives have been sacrificed, and among these the lives of the greatest and wisest men in the land. " The right wing of Her Majesty's 33d (or theDuke of Wellington's) Regiment of Foot, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel J. D. Johnstone, C.B., arrived at Bombay from the Mauritius on August 4, in the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Pottinger, which left Port Louis on the 23d of July. The ship Canning, which left the Mauritius on the 25th of July, also arrived on the same date, with another company of the 33d Regiment, besides a company of Royal Artillery. The whole of these troops have been brought on the strength of the Bombay garrison, and will be located in the Town Barracks. " The following officers were at Neemuch on tha 7th July :-Major Burton, Captain Showers, Capl tain Lloyd, Lieutenant Ritchie, Captain Laurie, Lieutenant Barnes, Captain Sir J. Hill, ILeuten. ant Rllice, Lieutenant Stapleton, Lieute.nant 'Willians, Dr. Murray. " Casualties,-Colonel ?Menteath, 69th BongsJ Native Infautry; Colonel Case, Her Majety's 32d Foot, July 2 ; Colonel M'Nair, Bengal Army, July 20; Captain Burlton, Gwalior Contingent; Colonel BriDd, C.B., Bengal Artillery; Major G. M. Prendergast, 44th Bengal Native Infantry, July 31; Captain Greensill, Her Mlajesty's 24th Foot, July 21; Ensign Stephens, 60th Rifles, July 10; Lieutenant H. Simpson, 78th Highlanders, July 18; Lieutenant F. E. Plowden, 10th Madras Native Infantry, July 22; Lieutenant Crozier, Her Mlajesty's 75th, July 18; Lieutenant Rivers, ditto, July 19; Major Renaud, lt Madras Fusileer,; Dr. John Kirk Bengal Medical Establishment; LUeutenant Ellis, 6thCarabineers; Ensign S. Ross, 9th Native Infantry; Lieutenant D. E. C. Twyford, 2d Bombay Europeans, August 10; and Lieutenant Ricbardson, Madras Fusileers" (From the Bomlbay Telegraph.) The news by this mail is of a more cheering nature than any we have yet sent home since the mutiny cormoenced. Although Delhi is still in the hands of the mutineers, and the most dreadful atrocitie3 continue to be committed in various parts of India, yet the broad wave of victory is spreading itself over the land. The advance of General favelock's column from Allahabad hae been one chain of victories. In our last we mentioned that General Havelodk had reached Cawnpore, but we were unable to give details of its capture. The coltunn marched from its encamping ground at daylight on the morning of the L6th, and after a 13 miles' journey halted to breakfast within two miles of the enemy's position In front of Cawnpore. After reating three hours it advanced to the attack. General Havelock had with him 1,300 Europeans and about 700 or 800 Sikhs against 13,000 mutinous Sepoys armed and disciplined in every respect like his own soldiers, and commanded by the arch fiend Nena Sabib in person. The General, seeing the enemy's position, determineed to take him in flank. For this purpose the 78th lHighlanders were sent to the front with some of the Madras Fusileers on the left flank to cover the movement. Her Majesty's 64th and the remaining companies of the 84thFoot, with the guns, were on the right of the column out of the enemy's view. While performing this flank movement the Bighlanders and Fusileers were under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery,which, however, did no damage, save killing the horse of Colonel Walter Hamilton. When our troops had got properly on his flank the columns were wheeled into line and advanced, under a heavy fire of grape, shell, and musketry, to within 50 yards before they fired a shot. Our men then opened fire and the 78!h charged up, to the muzzles of the guns and captured them-three 24-pounders, loaded as they were. Leaving them in charge, on theypressed-nothing but death could stay their avenging hands when once raised to smite. The 78th next carried a village at the point of the bayonet; this was on the right of the enemy's position, and his flank was thus completely turned. The columns then moved on to their left position after clearing the village. As soon as they got clear of the village the enemy again opened fire upon our troops from a gun he still had, when we had to lie down and wait for our artillery; but the bullocks being quite knocked up, only one small gun of no use against the enemy's big one could be got Into position. General Havelock saw at once the difficulty, and instantly gave the order to take the gun, which was done in brilliant style by the Light Company of the 78th under a heavy fire, which was well kept up. This ended the affair, and our victory was most complete. In the absenceof cavalrytheline washalted, and the General went up to the Highlanders and paid them a wellmerited compliment on their performances. The whole force behaved most nobly, and every soldier was eager for the fray and did his duty manfully. On the evening of this engagement the column encamped outside the walls of Cawnpore, and on the morning of the 17th our soldiers entered the city. Accustomed as they had been to scenes of slaughter, the spectacle that met their eyes nearly petrified them with horror. They marched straight to a place where they were told 175 women and children were confined, but on their arrival they found that they had come too late ! They only found the clothes of the poor victims strewn over the blood-stained ground. The scene of this horrible catastrophe was a paved court-yard, and one of the Highlanders in writing to a contemporary say, "There were two inches of blood uDon the pavement, and from the report that we got from the residents of the place it appears that, after we had beaten the enemy the evening previous, the Sepoys and Sowars entered the place were the unhappy victims were, killed all ladies, and threw the children alive, as wel as the ladies' dead bodies, into a well in the compound. I saw it, and it was an awful sight. It appears from the bodies we saw that the women were stripped of their clothes before they were murdered." A feeling more terrible thanvengeance arises inthe heart atreading this, and even the most reverent shudder whenthey think that Omnipotence could have deemed such a terrible ordeal neces - sary. The history of the world affords no parallel to the terrible massacres which di.ring the last few months have desolated the land. Neither age, sex, nor condition has been spared. Children have been compelled to eat the quivering flesh of their murdered parents, after which they were literaly torn asunder by the laughing fiends who surrounded them. Men in many instances have been mutilated, and, before being absolutely kiUed, have had to gaze upon the last dishonour of their wives and daughters previous to being put to death. But really we cannot describe the brutalities that have been committed; they pass the boundaries of human belief, and to dwell upon them shakes reason upon its throne. If ever a nation was made the instrument of vengeance of an insulted Deity, that nation is England and we trust that she will strike and spare not. We hopethat by this time her ships are not only on their mission of vengeance by way of the Cape, but thab thousands of her soldiers are by this time marching across the desert upon Suez. Not a moment should be lost, and long before Christmas the whole of India will be lying at our feet. Before evacuating Cawnpore Nena Sabib blew up the magazine. He then retired upon Bithoor, to which he was foUowed by a portion of our troops. On arriving at the palace, however, they found that the bird had flown. They fired the place, razing it to its foundations, and carried away at tha same time 15 guns. Nena Sabib, it is said, had an | Intention of going to Lucknow, but when he got asfar as the river his cavalry and infantry deserted him. Rumour has it that he then destro7edlhimself. andfamily;butthegeneralbelief is that heisaili alivo,, and the sum of 5,OOOrs. oas been offered :bz his capture. NenaSahibisthe adoptedson ofthe3atePeiskwa. Bajee Rao, who from the time of his daposition, till his death lived at Bithoor, in the neighibourbood of Cawnpore, upon the pension allowed, him by the British Government. On the death of theo exPeishwa Nena strove hard, but without success, to obtain from the Indian Government a continuanc& to himaelf of the persion allowed, to BNjee Rao. Failing in this, he despatched an agent to agitate his claims in England, and transmitked) it is said, to Calcutta to meet the expenses et guch a mission a single piece of Compar.y"a paper- of the value ox five lacs of rupees. The mission to England was as unsuccessful as the atte'.npt made to inJluence the local Government. The India GvFernmnent may In some measure thank itsv31f for having allowed this man to acquire the loca7 influence he posseS. It iS well known that for years back, since the death of Bajee Rao,Nena br kepttheBegumsof theBajee,therightful heirs to *ne property of the deceased chief, in close cOnfiT .ement in the Zenanah, so that none likely to 'kake steps relative to rescuing them from confinerTient or restoring to them their property could obtain access to where they were. lt cannot be sP id that Nena is not a venturous traitor. He has staked his all, which is not a little, upon the d} e. Illis game might have been played ':o 'as not to have entirely deprived him of ~the sywpat}y of those he fought against, but, like every leader the present insurrection has brought to notice, -he was unable to resist that propensity to cold-blooded, dastardly murder which seems to take possession of most natives gimultaneously with their achieving power to gratify it. On being joined by General Neil, General Havelock determined to leave the place in his hands and march' at once upon Lueknow, distant about 50 miles from I Cawnpore. The victorious colnmn accordingly comrmenced its mnarch upon Lucknow on the 20th of July. The road was found to be perfectly clear until our troops were within about 20 miles of Lucknow. Here they were met by the enemy on the 30th of July, numbering about 10,000 men, who were repulsed with great loss, leaving in our possession 15 guns. Our losses are not known, but we suppose they must have been heavy, as the fight was a very obstinate one. It was expected that General Havelock would enter Lucknow on the 31st of July. After garrisoning the place and securing its safety, he would resume his march Delhiwards, in the direction of Agra; so that the rebels must make the most of their time, as before the present month is out we believe that they wil be driven from their last stronghold. The Highlanders are covering themselves with glory. So power on earth can resist the fury of their charge, and they give no uarter. From Patna weleam that the 7th, 8th, and 40th Regiments of Bengal Native Infantry, whom every one thought stanch, mutinied at Dinapore the other day, and that Her Majesty's 10th Foot killed 800 of them. It was only very lately that severga cons pirators were executed. at Patna, and the city kept from rising by these very troops. The whole of this revolt is the most mysterious, unaccountable affair that ever happened in the history of this country. Here are regiuents breaking out at the eleventh hour, when the tide was turning in our favour and when Europeantroops were pass=ng continualDyupthe river, thereby rendering the destruction of the mutineers certain, as if they waited for some mysterious order, just like the Bareilly troops. Altogether, the more we ponder over it the more mysterious the whole matter appears to us. There has been a good deal of fighting at Delhi since our last in the shape of sorties by the besieged and repulses by the besiegers. We have been enabled to def'eat the mutineers in every engagement, but this does not in the least damp their ardour. Reinforcements from the Punjab to the number of about 4,000 fighting men, 1,300 of whom are Europeans, were expected to join General Reed to-day (the 15th), and we are tberefore led to believe that on their arrival no time would be lost in carrying the place by storm. On the 14th of July the mutineers to the niumber of 9,000 men, with four guns, made an attempt to capture our batteries. They fought under cover from 11 a.m. until 2 p.m., -when they came to the front, and were beaten back into Delhi. Our people, too eager, followed them close under the walls. The enemy opened fire with grape and musketry. Our loss in killed and wounded was heavy. It is a pity our troops foUowed them, as up to the time of their retreat we had only about six men hit. Major Turner, Artillery, had his horse killed under him; Thompson, ArtiUery, wounded in the thigh; Brigadier-General Chamberlain, Adjutant-General, inthe shoulder; Chester and Daniel, of Goorkhas, wounded; Burns and Faithful, Her Majesty's 75th, slightly, the former on the knee, the latter in the arm. The Cavalry was not engaged. Altogether our loss in this action was 171 kiUed and wounded. From the 14th to the 23d the rebels remained under cover. On the 24th of July, however, they came out in force with field guns round by the CashLmeregate, and moved upon our position at the Metcalfe Battery under cover of the fire of heavy guns from the city walls. They were taken in flank by a force under Brigadier Showers, when they fled precipitately, savi their guns only by the rapidity of their flight. Our loss was small, but we had a few officers wounded-Colonel Drought, 60th Rifles; Colonel Seaton, 35th Native Infantry; Major Turner, Artillery; Captain Mloney, ArtiUery. Lieutenant Law, 10th Regiment Native Infantry, was killed. Our troops have now been engaged in no less than 23 sanguinary engagements before Delhi, yet their courage is as high as ever it was, and they can beat the mutineers even when they are a hundred to one I General Reed in consequence of severe illness has been obliged to hand over the command of the Delhi army to General Wilson. The Punjab remains tranquil. The remnant of the Sealcote mutineers have met with condign punishment. Brigadier-General Nicholson crossed Her Majesty's 62d Light Infantry in boats to the island in the Ravee, on which they were posted, captured their gun, and slaughtered or drove the whole body of them into the river. A quantity of plunder was recovered. Numbers of the fugitives continue to be seized and brought in by the police and people of the country, and also from the territory of Mahiarajah Gholab Singh. The accounts from Rajpootana are most satisfactory, and all the Rajpoot chiefs have given undoubted proofs of loyalty to the British Government, and have aflorded substantial support to the troops. Colonel Dixon, who has done so much for Mairwarrah, was, from our last account, fast sinking at Beawr, and little or no hopes were entertained of his recovery. He must, however, have derived some satisfaclion from the good feeling manifested by the Mairwarrah battalion, who have resisted the greatesttemptations to betray their trust. The arsenal at Ajmere has been placed in a perfect state of defence by Lieutenant Carnell, of the above corps, who has under hiscotmmand a detachment of 100 men of Her lMajesty's 83d Regiment. Two mortars placed in position to shell the city on the least symptom of a disturbance have overawed the large and fanatical Mussulman population, who are discontented and ripe for a revolt and thedestruction and plunder of the Hindoos. The district around is in a comparatively quiet state, and no further svmptoms of disturbance have taken place than an occasional dacoity, but the surrounding population would instantly rise on any symptom of weakness being shoiwn. Lieutenant Mildmay is raising a body of horse in Bikaneer, and he will doubtless effect a junctioni with Captain Hardcastle, who, with a large body of Mlarwar and Jeypore horse and foot, is on his way to Agra. The force cantoned at Nusseerabad consists of the 1st Bombay Lancers, 270 foot and 50 horse of the Joudpore Legion, the 2d Troop Bombay Artilery, 2d Regiment of Bombay Cavalry, 450 men of Her Mlajesty's 83d Foot, and the 12th Regiment of Native Infantry. Every precaution for the preservation of order has been taken, and additional Mairs are being entertained, for the Mairwarrah battalion and another company of Bheels is being added to the Joudpore Legion. The Nizam, true to the policy of his house and to his hereditary loyalty, which has effected so much for him, will remain quiet. For Madras there need be no fear; the hopes of the rebels in Oude are at an end, and those in the Delhi district may well despair. But our forces are yet scarcely equal to the task, all India is on the tiptoe of expectation, andc thespeedy capture of Delhi will alone determine whether every regiment may with perfect safety be despatched from Calcutta to share in the easy task of pUtting down disorganized bands. of marauders, or wbether the disaffected aldng heart shall again place us in jeopardy, Themoveable coluran of Brigadier Steuart has reached 3'how, and will be sufficient to keep in subjection' the whole of Central India. Holkar remains stanch, and his -loyalty will no doubt be appreciated. as. it deserves to be. All continues tranquil in Calcutta, althougb, as in Bombay, the inhabitsnts are not without alarm regarding the approahihg festlval of the Mohurrnm. We belieao,' howover, that the authorities both there aad- here have taken every precaution to secure the.publiz safety, and in the event of any emneute taking place it will be promptly and sternly put. dbwn. Several arrests have been made lately in Calbutta,which have placed Government in full possasion of information on all points concerning t1e. Mabonmedan con- spiracy. The Mloonshee Gol= Hossein, or Golam Khan,-we are not sure wh eh is his proper namewho was arrested near We6shley-squawe, is a person- age after whom the Goverament has for some time been making inquiries. YOeis saidio beoneof themoat active of the conspirators, and a plotter whose arrest was of the g.watest importance. He contrived to escape frr,n Calcutta when the ex-King of Oude was take& into the fort, and it is said proceeded with haste-to Luoknow, where his presence gave udditional vigour to the insurrection. What bror;ght him back to Calcutta we can only guess at, bv!o be did not arrive there without his coming hav:ng been nouified to Government by the military authorities. Ilis arrest, it is said, was a.tempted, more than once since his return, but w.chout success, until Friday night, the 23d of July, when a nmnnber of town sergeauts and some soldiers, all iu gharries, proceeded. to thq nQighbgQ hood of Wellesley-squre to the house of a wealthy Mahomedan where the Moonshee.was reported-to be. The man was pointed out to the Commissioner of Polioe-who as a magistrate was present-disguised as a burkundauze, and so well disguised that his master failed to recognize him. There wa not the alightest resistanco made, and had there been there was an ample force within bugle-call to put down any opposition. The Zenanah was searched for papers, and all found brought away. It is worthy of remark that the services of a European woman had been provided beforehand for this part of the business. The other arrestatook place in Enta and at Garden Reach. In the former suburb Mr. Iontressor succeeded in arresting the scribe or secretarv to the conspirators and al his papers. This man pleaded pitiably in the usual style of found-out native rogues, saying that he was a poor man and only wrote what he had been ordered to write, and did not think he had been doing any harm. He, his books, papers, &c., were also taken off to Fort William. The third arrest was made at Garden Reach. The person here captured is one of the eunuchs of the ex-King's household, and is also mixed up, though to what extent we are not- aware, with the conspiracy to overthrow the British Indian Government and establish a gahomedan empire on its rains. We believe that it now 'turns out that the task of raising the oountry and organizing forcet against Government in the different parts of it was shared by two grand parties of conspirators. Calcutta was, it is said) something like the head-quarters of one of those parties, to which the organization 6f revolt in the country between the metropolis and Lucknow was intrusted. To the other party, that of Delhi, fell the management of revolt in all other parts of the country. The Grand Jury of Calcutta having sent in a presentment to the Governor-General in regard to disarming the town of Calcutta, the following is his Lordship's reply:- " Slr,-I have had the honour to receive and lay hefore tce Right. Hon. the Governor-General in Council your letter of the 22d inst., transmitting, by direction of the Eon. the Judges of the Sapremne Conrt, a presentment made by the Grand Jury, recomnmending that the native populafton of Calcutta and the suburbs should be disarmed, and that the unrestricted sale of arms and ammunition should be prohibited. The measure is proposed with a view to LAly apprehension of danger on the part of the public, to preserve the peace, and to prevent crime, with reference especially to the approaching Mahomed;n holydays, which are usually a period of excitement. " 2. To this subjoct, which has been pressed on his attention from other quarters, the Governor-General In Council has given his most careful consideration, and he is of opinion that the important object the Grand Jury have In view can be more securely provided for by other means. " 3. The places in Calcutta where arms are to be had and the quantity in store are known to the Government, and the Grand Jury may be assured that effectual measures will be taken to prevent any of them being used by evil disposed persons for purposes of mischief. "1 4. Strong parties of European soldiers from one of the regiments no w arriving In Calcutta wll be posted in the town, and every other precaution that the occasion requires will be taken to prevent the possibility of an outbreak in Calcutta or its vicinity during the approaching Mabomedan festivals "I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedlent, "' CECIL BIRADON, " Secretary to the Government of India. "Council-chamber, July 25." A memorial very similar in its purport to that of the GrandJury, but sigued by about 300 European residents of Calcutta, was forwarded to the Governor-General on Saturday, the 25th of July. A reply has since been received, which, besides indicating the general measures of precaution intended to be taken by Government during the coming Mahomedan festivals, contains the following paragraph:- "I am directed to add that the Governor-General in Conncil has now under his consideration, and proposes to bring before tho Legislative Council at an early date, a ganeral measure f',r the registration of arms throughout the country, and for prohibiting the possession of arms, except under certain restrictions." At Madras all is tranquil, and, although the inhabitants are not witbout apprehensions of danger, yet we are glad to learn they are all prepared to meet it. The troops are loyal to a man, and great numbers of them are taking their departure for Calcutta to cross bayonets with the mutineers of the Ganges. Regarding the Bombay Presidency we cannot speak so confidently. At Poonah, at Sattara, and in the Southern Mahratta country symptoms of revolt have manifested themselves; but in nearly every instance the germs of insurrection have been nipped in the bud. The Mahomedan conspirators of Poonah are now secarely lodged on board the Ron. Company s receiving ship Akbar, and the Junglee Rajah of Sattara, as he is called, with the Ranees, is quietly domiciled on Butchers' Island. In managing the Sattara affair Mr. Rose, the Commissioner, has acted with much penetration and determination. As soon as he was aware that treason to the State was being hatched he resolved upon the arrest of the parties implicated. Accordingly a force consisting of two guns under Lieutenant Reid, a party of Her Majesty's 14th Dragoons, a party of the 3d European Regiment, a party of the Southern Mahratta Horse, and a party of the 22d Native Infantry, the whole under the command of Colonel Malcolm, accompanied by Mr. Rose, the Commissioner, and his assistants, marched into the city of Sattara before daylight on the morning of the 6th August and surrounided the palace, placing the artillery in position in front. Agents of the British Government were sent in to tell his Highness to pack up, and phaetons from Poouah were in attendance to hurry the Rajah away. After a little delay he saw there was no alternative, and consented. He and the Ranees were on their way to Poonah before 8 o'clock. They were quite taken by surprise, and never anticipated anything of the kind. It is said that the people at Sattara are very sorry for the departure of the Junglee Rajah, as they oall him. The other great event was the blowing away, from the gxuns of the battery at Sattara, of the six Punderpoor prisonerm. These two events have struck terror into the minds of all the Sattara people and people about the ditsricts where they have become known. The disturbances in the Southern Mahratta country are, we believe, by this time put down. There is a large European force now in the Southern division, and we understand that tke little revolt has been entirely quelled. As, however, Government have not as yet laid any information before the public, we do not feel Justified in publishing what the State has deemed advisable to keep secret for the present. The mutiaeera of the Gu7.erat Irregular Horse have been haDgd as they deserved to be. They were tried by cets-martial, found guilty, and sentenced to death- accordingly. The sentence was duly carried into- effect near "Shair Bagh," close to the police lines. The troops left camp at 3 o'clock in the morning,, consisting of 100 men of Her Majesty's a d& Reriment, under Captain Jones; a wing of the 2d Grenadiors, under Captain Moyle; a detachmAnt of the- 7th Regiment Native lnfantry, under Captain VWiddi- ooiabe; two gum under the coorand of Iieutenant Beamish of the Artillery; the whole, of the, Police CerpI and the Gzerat Iregular Horse,, commanded iy Captain Pym. The force wua. drawn up in line; the Guzerat Iegular Horse were n fr.ont of tho troops, facing the.gallowa,, so that had they dared to attack the. foree they wo-d have caught it in style. The cQoardly rasas eZ oce being launched into eternsts wfere lowed the. nadeserved privilege of addressing the men forniad to witness their ignomuiious doo. Cae of the traitors said tothe Guzert IrregubLr Eorse:"Why do you not do as tiCy did at Neemuch and charge I, but a lowF voice s. through tnoble and. gallant line of the corps, up?braiding tha r3scal as a " nfmAk htr.rm" The arrangements ior the execation were weall got up, and tho etcd creatures ix a few moments ceased tobe. As far as this Presidaecy is conerned we entertain no apprehensions. In Bombay some alam waa felt during the MIahomedan festival of the Buckvee Eed- but every L thing paesed qpuietly over The 33d from the Mauritius haA arrived, and with tloops in garrison, the sailorsir,ge harbour, the police, andtl'eEaropeau residents, we are prepared for everythir,g. In fact, there are inany who would not regret to, see a row at the M4urru-i juat to ahow the rasca'a what we are Imado of. The people of London hAve had no oocas1om to dr-ead anything from Chart:Bt demonstrations aince 1S48, aud neither would we have to apprehend anything for years to co ne, from Mtussulman far.aticiam, if it once had a. touch of the oold steel I We bave had a fortnight's heavy rain, bringing the fall for the ron up to 42-03 inches. The ibland is? 4OYiQY goneralI4 spelking, lbealthy. The Governor continues to remide at the Presidency, to which army head-quarters has also been removed. OFFICIAL DESPATCHES ZR0M GENER4,L9 HAVELOCK AND NEIL. The following item.. of intelligence are xupplied by Govermment : 'From Brigadier-General Havelock, Camp Kullenpore, dated July 14. "We have taken every gun from the rebels at Fattebpore, 12 in number. This has enabled me to equip and take into the field nine excellent guns, Instead of six lighter, and with the facility of also bringing into action two light six. pounders." " From Brigadier-General lavelock, Camp Pandoo Nuddy, dated July 15. "My troops were twice engaged this morning, and captured four more gans with trLfling loss. A strong advanced guard under Colonel Tytler drove the enemy out of all entrencbed positions in front of the vlllage of Osung, after a redistance oE two hours and a-half, during which the mutinous cavalry, in considerable foroe, made frequent attcks against my baggage, which compelled me to use every available detachment and gun against them. At noon we attaoked their entrenchment at the bridge over the stream; the resistanee here was short, but spirited, and the two guns taken wore of large calibre. The Madras Foalleers partioularly distinguished themselves." "From General NeJlI, Allahabad, dated July 16. "Istarted 227 of the 84th Regiment, partly in bullock. vans. They are to march 25 miles a-night to arrive in five days. I start this afternoon by d&k, and shall overtake the 84th, and move up with them. I will go on before them if I can. I shall loss no time. The mutineers are out of caps, and have converted all the detonators into matehloks. A. KoEaid from Lucknow declares that the mutineers there are in want of shot, firing stones from the guns. " News has been received that Sir Henry LAwrenoe wax wonuded on his return from an attack on the rebels ad. vancing on Lucknov on the 2d inst., and that he sunk under the effects of his wounds on the 4th inst. " It is reported from Lucknow on the 10th of July that the attacks of the rebels are less frequent and more feeble than heretofore." "From Brigadier-General Havelock, dated Cawnpore Can tonment, July 17. "By the blessing of God I recaptured this place yes. terday and totally defeated Nena Sahib in person, taking more than six guns, four of siege calibre. The enemy wag strongly posted behind a succession of villages, and. Dbstinately disputed for 140 minutes every inch of the ground, but I was enabled by a flank movement to myright lo turn his left,andthisgavetusthevictory. Nens Sahib had barbarously murdered all the captive women and chUdren before the engagement. He has retired to Bithobr, and blew up this morning on his retreat the Cawnpore magazine. He is said to be strongly fortified. [ have not been yet able to get in the retrn of killed and wounded, but estimate my loss at about 70, chiefly from the lire of grape." ' From General Havelock to the Commander-in-Chief, dated Nawabgunge, July 20. "Nena Sahib's followers appear to be deserting him. He has fled from Bithoor, which was occupied yesterday with. nut resistance. Thirteen guns were found in tbe-place. SIis palace is in flames. General Neil has joined me with a strong reinforcement of British soldiers. "Lucknow quite safe for the present." "From Brigadier-General Havelock, dated Camp Cawnpors, 21st July, to the Commander-in-Cbief. "I am free to cross the Ganges; Nena Sahib's foroe at Bithoor is entirely dispersed. We have brought from the place 16 guns and a number of animals, set fire to his palace, and blown up his powder magazine. A portion of my troops and five guns are already in position at the head of the road to Lucknow. The whole army is fUll of hope that we shall soon be united on the left bank." THE RECAPTURE OF CAWINPORE. The following is taken from a very interesting letter dated Cawnpore, the 18th of July, from the pen of an officer of the 1st Madras Fawsileers. It gives a full account of the proceedings of the regiment during an eventful period:- "As I told you in my last letter (Uth), and as we had expeoted all along, we found the rebels in position at Futteypore, with 12 guns. On Sunday, the 12th inst., we arrived within two miles of their position, at about 7 o'clock; I was sent out vwith a party of Dar men (Ist Madras Fusileers) to reconnoitre, but when wO had advanced about half a mile from the camp they coim menced firing on us with their heavy guns, and their cavalry Dame toowards us. We fired on them, but, as our party consisted of only about 60 men, we retreated leisurely towards the camp. As soon as we got there the whole force vwas under arms. This was about 7 o'clock a.m. 'We nor advanced regularly against them, and in about three hours we drove them from their position, took 12 guns, and drove them from Fattoypore pell-mell. If we had only had some cavalry we could have cut them nearly aU up, We halted the ouher side of Fatteypore that da., and also the next morning. On Tuesday we marched 16 miles to Rullianpore, but did not meet writh tho enemy. On Wednesday wo marched about five miles, and found the rebels in a strong position, with six guns. We soon silenced their gnus, and advanced aga.nst them, and, after about two hours' sharp firing, we thoroughly routed tbem, and they retreated to a bridge about three miles off, where tbey had another very strong position, with six guns. Our Enfields did splendid work, and we Foon silenced their battery. I was in front with the skirmishing party all day. We rushed up to their battery an& took their bridge and guns, when they all fled before us like so many sheep: they really are arrant co-wards. Th us endedW our day's work. Poor hlajor Renaud, who commanded our detachmnent, waos wounded early in the morning In the leg; he is now better, but I fear his leg will be obliged to be amputated; he is a very gallant officer. I was with him at. the time, but he would not allow me to remain, but said' Go on vith your men.' "On Thursday we marched against the enemy, about .000strong, who were in position about five miles from Ca ,vnpore, and this was the hardest day's work we ever had. They had six or eight guns, in. two separate batteries. We. advanced straight against them, and thev poured grape and( round shot into-us, like so r2any hailstones, yet our loss wao not very great. We lay down,. and then advanced against their first battery, which was taken in fEe style. I vpent-. off with a smal party (about 40 men) to the right flank, where tho cavalry were threatening. Us, and some of their infantry had a strong,peeition. Wb kept them at a distancoe with our rifles, and once, when some of the cavalr,y (about 50G came down upon us, we formned square, and they did not dare to come near us. This olicitedt great applanse from the General and. everybody. My party then joined the main colnumn, and we now adranced against the other battery. When, we ame within rangedown poured the round shot and grape. We were ordered to-lie down, but the- scoundrels had got their distanco so well that several were: wounded. Six, men of Her Majesty's 64th Rogiment we"e killed, and poor Captain Currie, of the- S4th, severoly wounded by a round shot. We had several men wounded. I had a. bUfh on my tcpie (felt hat),. whick providentialy glanced off: and Captain. RAikes had a. I ort!on of his sawordhlt c&rAied aawy. Well fancy! when tbe.alaw us down again. they thought wo weere afraid to. advance, so they. sounded t4e adrenoe, and then the double.. Tlte General (Eivelock) now gave his order-' Rise up; a ivane! ' Tho whole line gave a cheer--nch a cheer ! it sDust havo made the villrns tremble from head to foot, andsdvanoed in line against their battery, under a heavy cross fire, which thEy kept uD very well, bukt not do us muck. damagep, as, ty fired so high. They epauted ibeir battery, cud fled in everT directlon. We. fired into them,tillt they were ant of rang,. an(!thon roshed up the hils and, found, to cur joy, C%wnpora about haf-a-mile ha front. We bivousoke&on the. tising grond for tlh night, Ymou should hwe he" the sbeer we gave as our galiaut-oom-. xnander5 General avoln.*, rode down the lines; it.was indeed a fi.ne sight. He CA every. cecAsgon pr5es ear meOk, snd is gping to mzke a spcial report c us tokthe Commnedo-in.- Chief. Only fany our horror on. hearing that the 3ame night we gave them such a beating at Futtey, pore. they l:lled, or rather massacred, aci thu ladies whom, they hithez to. had spared in Cawnpnra (easept five. or, six who were concealed by their nativo serrants) I tii *Wheeler, the daugbter of Sir FL Wheeler, they my, kille& fve of the,e. fiei&, with a revolve beforo they could get. near her, What an boroic spirit sbe mnust.lave had ! Th% sight of the plane where these pow hAdi were mnrdesed in indeed awfuL Lang tresss of hait-drSses oovered With bmood-here and there a worlkbox or bonet D "All the bodies are ins we24 I h-opewe shallb.ablt . bur them, and pay the lask hnonou to theb remains. Tim few that are stiUl living ace aU reore or ss ll, aad deadfully weak. You may magilne tbheir delight en seeing us Thbe were all alons In a dreadful state of mind, as ther weto afraid that their servants might be tempted to betry them; bat, for onoe, these natives did not Onght thbT not to be rewaxded To our great regret we heard yes, terday that Sir H. Lawreceo died about a week ago. We go on to-nionrow to Lucknow, which is about 50 mU ile from. Cawnporm We oross the river Ganges to Oonao, after first taking an intrsnched pocition which the enemy occmpy at Bi,tqt r,laeut thTre Uilles up thia bank of th,t a, Thls is the Nena's own villge; he isintrenched lwth 24 pns, of whlch we halU make short work to-morrow, and het go on direct to Lucknow, which we hope to reeh in three days. The barracks which we occupied by Sir H. *beeler are reularly riddled 'with shot, so you may imagl3n how well he held out. Brigadier-General Neill iu coming to us 'with another ooiumn of 1,000 men from All&habad; hehai already left, or will leave immediately ; we are all very sorry he is not wilh us."-&pecWtor, Aug. 6. Another letter dated Cawnpore says,- " The heading of this wlll show you that we were the victors in yesterday's fight; the enemy numbered about 7,000, with about 1,000 cavlry. Their gus were three 24. pounders, two 12-pounders, and two 9-pounders, besides some horse artillery, which they took off, as we had no cavalrytopurnuethem. Wemarchedl2 miles inthemorning, and encamped nine miles from Cawnpore. At2 p.m. thefighting part of the foroe again advanced, leaving the baggage with a guard at the camp. We heard that the enemy had thrown up an intrenchmient aoross the road, so, instead of advancing straight upon their guns, we obliqued to the right, when about three-quarters of a mile from them, for the purpose of taldngtheminflank, amanceuvrethat saved us somehundreda of lives. Soon after we left the road they found us out, and did a good deal of execution with shot and shell before we reurned their fire, as we had determined not to oommence till within 800 yards. It was rather unpleaeant, progreualg slowly, as we did, through very heavy marsh and ploughed land; but when we got within range, which wve did in about a quarter of an hour, we soon alencedtheirheavy guns, viz, the two 24-pounders and two 12-pounder, which had worried us so muoh in theinhrechmentacros thbiroad, and,thewhole lint advancing, wOe soon drovn every man away from them, As we got into their battery they oommenced firing upon us with two 9-poundez4, concealed in a village in front, and I took up my three gunm to silence them 'with the 84th, while the other guns and regiments wheeled off to the right, and peppered the retrecting infantry. We then all came back to the main road, as both men and cattle wero ired, havIng marched about 23 miles slne morning, andover some very bad ground. This ended the first part of the busd. neas; we had carried the enemy's position and takeu six of their beet gun, but they still had one 24-pounder abon 1i mile nearer to Cawupore, and the horse artillery. TI,ht 24-pounder was taken by the 78th Highlanden arp 64th, our leading guns advancing to help them, a: 1 although the 64th were a good dealcut up with the grap as the rebels fought to the last in this action, and their fir'r undoubtedly excellent (though it rarely is so), ii. enemy were Ultimately driven right away into Cawnp,o and through it; a few parting shots being admi estred the cavalry, who, during the whole time, had been har,_ - jag us on our flanks and towards the rear, though alv;!.73 repulsed. his wlas the battle of Cawnpore. I did not g. b touched, but the Idlled and wounded are about 1 ia 15 c I our whole force. " We hAd two fights on the 15th, oae in the mornlinga one in the evening, capturing throe light guns in the mor ing, and two heavy guns in the evening." The following is an extrat of a letter from CA pore, dcated July 19:- "Intoeigence camein latelartnight that theBithoorRaj,.hj had destroyed himself {n despair, that the Sepoys had ,li fled towards Delhi, and that Bithoor was evacuated t morning the news is confinmed as actually true, and a 4b tached force of the Ist Madras Fudleers, Silkhs, and two gUns, Ar gone out to take possessioa of the place. The whole force is now rested and in high spirits, feels that its hard marching and fighting have not been for nothing, aud four days hence I hope we shall be in Luoknow triumphant. "The accounts men give of the state of the cantonmeats are fearfuL They have visited the house where our women were murdered. That house and well are described by men of not weak nerves as the most fearful, sickening sight, they ever saw. Eour women are saved, Mr Greenway, wife of a merchant, and three half-cases." The following is another extract of a letter, dated July 17th - " We marched on the 16th, and then learned that the enemy had coxne out from Cawnpore to make their last stand at the place where the grand trunk road forks to Cawnpore and Delhi; that they had there intrenched themselves in a very strong position, with heavy gns in front and flanks, to sweep the road, and that all the force, up. wards of 4,000 men, had turned out to make their last stand. Ao It was determined to try and turn their flank ACcordingly we struck off the road at an angle, And then turned down towards them again. We blvouseird under the trees, and started at 1.30 p.m. The heat was fearfuL uany men dropped from the effects of the sun. Ait las the enemy caught sight, and opened a very heavy and welldirected fire on s, which we had to pbSS tf lwe got to the turning point. Then we moved down in line upon them, and opened fire on their guns, which were iu a very strong position In a village. We silenoed two with Mur artillery, but all we could do we couldn't get at the third heavy gun, It was so well masked. Ths 78th were ordered to charge and take tha gun. I never saw saything so fine. The men went on, with sloped arms, like a wall; tUl within a hundred yards not a shot was fired. At the word ' Charge,' they broke just like an eager pack of hounds, and the vllage was takenIn an instant. I was up almost a soou as they, and one man told me,wvth a grin, he had just killed three men out of one house. The enemy were now in retreat, for we had turned theirposition, but the fight was still hard, for their cavalry came: round down upon our rear, and the gums had to be halted and opened on them. After that we got so far forwad toward (awnpore thAt, without knowingit, one of their heavy guns i position was passed and they managed to slow it round and open fire on our rear. So we had to turn, ad go back and take it. This was done by the 64th. In fact It was, ia point of heavy fire and fatigue, a very hard fight, but the end was that we took eight gns in all and utterly routed the enemy, who evacuated Cawnpore during the night and blew up the arsenal and magazine. We bivouacked on the field, with little bed and supper, and marched into Cawnpore this morning, 'where we hold a position-the barcks. All the force is knocked up, and must rest a day. " Alas, alas l all the women and children were murdered by these devils yesterday, when they found the day going against them." DELHI. The following letter reached us by the mail yesterday:- " Camp near Delhi, July 26, "We are still remaining in the position we took up on the afternoon of the 8th of last month after fighting the battle of Badle-Serai; It is a very strong one. We lie about two miles from Delhi, separated by a long ridge of hill, that rises in broken ground on the banks of the Jumna to our left, and, smoothing dowvn at its highest point, extends to our extreme right, where our bat. teries are placed. It is crossed towards the left by the grand trunk road from the North-wes, marked here and there by the telegraph posts, from which still hang broken plees of wire. A little further to the right, on the ridge of the hill, stands the tower called the Flagstaff; and still further along an old mosque, both occupied by pickets of our men. To the extreme right Is the hill on which are placod our heavy batteries. Its top is orowned by a build. ing called Hindoo Rao's house, from an old Mabratta chieftain, who lived there. All these points are connected by a road which runs along the summit of the hilL Its sides are covered by outcropping strata of sandstone, which rise tier above tier. Part of the slope towards our camp is ocou. pled by the ruined huts of the mutinous regiments and the houses of their unfortunato officers. " Behind the camp is a small river, which separates us from the plain, commandod by three of our heavy gun. It -flows into the Jumna oa the north side of Delhi, and is of great advantage to us, as 'ts banks, which are faced vith stone, are too steep to allow tho enemy to bring their horse artillery over to attack our rear, as they did on the Lth of June. Profiting by the severe lesson of that night we have blon p a the bridgea save the two in the rear of our camps. Our left fl Is covered b the Jumn, which is now much swoller by the rains. " To our right in a mound on which are placed three heavy gunS, and about three-quarters of a mile boyond this Is the suburb called the Sdbzi-mundi full of couantry houe, onclosures, and gardens, in which a number of desperate fights have taken place between our men and the ez.smy 'We are enoamped on the old parade groand of the native regiments, and are perfectly safe from everything but their shells, vwhich fall into our camp almost every evening, with. out doing any great ham. " We are lying on the defensive till we rceive reinforce. qnenta, only firlng from our batSeries when the enemy pro. -voke us by opening theirs or coming oat at the gates. They are continually getting in reinforcements. It Is not bnown certinly'whetherthe troops fromNeemuch haveyet reached DelhL Our spies state they are losing a good many by desertion. Their money Is faling, and it is generally belleved their Stock of prcussion caps Is nearly exhausted, and they cannotl mak now onee. Theb have four separate comxanders-In-hef and hbae shown in every attack a want of concentration, which has helped us much in driving them bac "We were not troubled after the affair of the 6th tIl the 15th. The day bfore they fired a saute of 21 guns for the 'ack of Agraand the reverse we had experienced there. They vowed to carry our bstteries next day, and came out in greet boroe to storm the piokets under Hlindoo usc's house and in the 3ubzi-mundL. They brought two guns to bear upoh our righit. Our men, under good oovei, kept them beok for severa hours, only losng 12 men, when 3rlgadier Chamberlain, the adSutant-general, ordered out our infautry and two troops of Horse ArIly into the Subsi-mundL The Infantry went in to olear the thicketi and gardens In front of lindoo Rao's hill rnd the SubzimouudL As they came upon the enemy they gave a tre. mendous cheer and dashed on. The Dehi-walahjs tuned thoir backs and ran in crowds to the gates. The artillery galloned up and poured a shower of grape into them. Oar force was within 200 yards of the walls. Such a shower of pipe and musketry fell upon us that we were compelled to fall back. Chamberlain had his arm shattered below the shoulder. Our loss was as heavy e 200 men killed and wounded, including 13 officer. We retired in good order. The enemy did not follow us far. Our men are getting very discontented with this kind of work. They are ready to carry any positon, however strong, the enemy must be driven from. But to carry a strong postion a dozen of times only to see it abandoned and reocoupled next morning is -what no soldiers will do without loing hert. " Sinco General Wilson ha assmed command we have remained more strictly on the defenslve. We are strength. ening our position every day, and demolishing the houses, and clearing the thickets In the Snbzi-mundi. " We had a sklrmlsh there on the 19th, and lost about 40 men in our eagerneu to pursue the enemy. They attacked our piokot at Mekalfe's house, in front of our left flank on the 23d. Tlhey were easily repulsed We lost very few men, but unfortunately three offcers were severely wounded and one killed. " Since this date we have remained without annoyanceOur attention is kept up in diswusing various reports of reinforcements arived at Cawnpore, or reached Agrm, or lingering at Alaabad, or wkhther It Is true Sir mugh Wheeler's force has been dedroyed. Our communications from below country, even from Agra, are few and uncerta. The Punjab is now quet, and likely to remaln so. Our Slkhs, Affghans, and Ghoorkas, fight for us as well s our best Emopent and Eeemed to bear deadly hatred to the Delhld-walahs. "gA eat many people In camp are indignat we did not rae an attempt to escalade the walls at the very begin. ning. We were not strong enough to attack at fixs, and before we got our reinforcements they got their In any cam the attempt would have been hazardous and rsh Our chance of surprising them at night is sall They keep good watch, and our camp Is full of people who wish them well. One night three regiments were ordered under arms, and the alam was sounded an hour after in the city. In case our approaoh was discovered we should have to advanoe under a heavy fire, cross a ditch, sud then try to scale a wall manned by a desperate enemy, and force streets guarded by barricades and honey-combed by mines.. " Our success In the end Is certain; reinforcements are coming up the Gaugog; reinforcements are coming up the Indus; reinforcements sax crosing the ooean. Tho country behind us is clear. The r.ebels are consuming their money arid aummrunition. Every day they are growing more disg hiartened and disunited. The only 6hance they have of etting a now gleam of succeas, of exoiting the other two pe:asidencles to revolt, and gbining tho independent chiefs io join them, is for us t! mae a rash assault on Delhi, and to be driven back with n of 1,000 or 1,500 men. " On this acount I hope the p*ople at home wil not blame ourcommaners 5' we catno$,4 4Le Delh by a coup ce mai.4 .f therei-s ayr te tob*hiansi itis those who fr-or motivesef ardmony I. t Alt LsnreuA, magazinein amutinous cltv rzded .-y Z. ;X*ol'orrs wlho preferred thelr "o ny to . oir:e ad-e : -ws r -out I1 men rather than %r thie 'Oem: puyt .g thei issrv-t La a decent retiring ' [ A: f .l 1A AT DELHI. ozie-:. J aocount of the capture of C: JDh1Jii . iLeti,-4hemutineers hasbeenpub.. 1l ed -I tl -'a. iri. Zco ment Gazette:- "k; N-3R5- BY Tax RIOsT How. TE Go. V.:. :.<y'uRAL O0 INoLxD. ll COIuNCT. " Fort William, July24. fhe ?.: Lon. the Governor-General in Council I F!ers6d to i'; : the publication of the followlng authentic r iport of ihe scurrences at the Dlhi mgazine on the 1Ith of yty last hhen attacked by mutineer and of the noble and oool so.,: nhiip of its gallant defenders, commanded by Lieutenant ' D. Wiloughby, oommissary of ordnanoe. " Lae Go, amor-General in Council desirs to offer his owdi thanki5 to Lieutenanits Baynor and Forst and the olber varvivors among the brave men mentioned in tbi s port, and to express the admiration with which he reads the daring asnd heroic conduct of Lieutenant CG. D. Willoughby and the warnt and non-coon. missioned officers by whom he was supported on that occasion. Their naes e LieAutenants Raynor and Forrest Conductors Shaw, Bucldey, Scully, Sub-Conductor Crow, Sergeants Edwards and Stewart "The family of the late Conductor Scully, who so devotedly sacrificed hlmself in the explosion of the magazine, will be liberally provided for, should it be Ascertained that they have survived him." "IFROM LiEUTENANT G. FOEBEST, AlIssANT Combus. BARY Or ORDNANCE, TO COLONE A. ABBoTw, C.B., INSIPCTOR GEs.n OFF s1DN;ANOs ANDD MAGAZf3,-s, FORT WLL.A X. "Ieemrt, May 27. " Sir,-I have the honour to report for the in. formation of Government, and in the absenoe of my oommanding officer, Lieutenant Wlloughby, Artiller;, supposed to be killed on his retreat from Delhi to this station, the foUowing fasts as regards the capture of the Delhi magazine by the mutineers aud insur. gents on the 11th inst. On the morning of that date, between 7 and 8 a.m., Sir Theophilus Metcalfe came to my house, and requested that I would accompany him to the magazine for the purpose of having two guns placed on the bridge, so as to prevent the mutineers from pssing over On our arrival at the magazine we found present Lieutenants Wiloughby and RaInor, with conductors Buckley, Shaw, ScuUy, and Acting-Sub-Conductor Crow, and Sergeants Edwards and Stewart, wAth the nativeestablishment. On Sir Theophilas Metcalfe alighting from his buggy Lieutenant Willoughby aad I accompanied him to the smal bastion on the river face, which commanded a full view of the bridge, from which we could distinctly see the mutiners marching in open column, headed by the cavalry, and the Delhi dde of the bridge was already in the possession of a body of cavalry. On Sir Theophilus Metealfe observing this he proceeded with LIeutenant Wil. loughby to see if the city gate was closed against the mutineers. Hlowever, the step was needless, as the mutineers were admitted directly to the palace, through which they passed cheering. On Lieutenant Willoughby's return to the magazine the gates of the magazine were closed and barricaded, aud every possible arrangement that could be made was at once commeaced Inside the gate leading to the park were placed two 6-pounders, double charged with grape, one under acting Sub. Conductor Crow and Sergeant Stewart, with the lighted matches in their hands, and with orders that if any attempt were made to forco that gate both gums were to be fired at once, and they were to fall back on that part of the magazine in which Lieutenant Willoughby andl were poste The principal gate of the magazine was similarlydefendedby two guns, with Ktbecherenxdefreizelaid down on the inside. For the further defence of this gate and the magazine In Its vicinity there were two six-pounders so placed as either to command the gate and a small bastion in its vicinity. Within 60 yards of the gate and in front of the office, and commanding two cross roads, were three 6- pounders and one 24-pounder howitzer, which could be so managed as to act upon any part of the magazine in that neighbourhood. After all these guns and howitzers had been placed in the several positions above named they were loaded wlth double charges of grape. The next step taken was to place arms in the hands of the native establishment, which they most reluctantly receved, and appeared to he in a state not only of excitement, but also of nsubordina tion, as they refusod to obey any orders issued by the Euro. peans, particularly the Muwsulman portion of the establish ment. After the above arrangements had boen made, a train was lid by Conductors Bukley, Scully, and S3rgeaut Stewart, ready to be fired by a pro-concerted signal, which was that of Conductor Buckley raiing his hat from his head, on the order being given by Lieutenaut Willoughby. The train was fired by Conductor Soully, but not until suoh timo as the last round from the howitzers had been fired. So soon as the above arrangements had been made guards from the Palaoe came and demanded the possession of the magazine in the name of the Sing of Delhi, to which no reply was given. "Immediately after this the subadar of the guard on duty At the magazine informed Lieutenant Willoughby and me that the King of Delhi had sent dovn word to the mutineers that he would without delay send scaling ladders from the Palace for the pTrpose of scaling the wajls, aud which shortly after arrived. On the ladders being elected against the wall the whole of our native establishment deserted us by climbing up the sloped sheds on the indde of the magazine, and descending the ladders on the outide, after which the enemy appeared in great number on the top of the walls, and on whom we kept up an incessant fire of grape, every round or which told well as long asa s ingle round remained. Previous to the natives deserting us they hid the priming pouches, and one man in prioular, Kurrem Buksh, a durwan, appeared to keep up a constant communication with the enemy onthe outside, and kept them informed of our situation. Lieutenant Willoughboy was so annoyed at this mans conduct that he gave me an orde. to shoot him should he again approach the gato. '"iJeutenant Raynor, with the other Europeans, did
APA RT!iIENTS unfurnirahe,3 to be LET-DrwingI Roozm Floor sod i'r;nt Hltchea--20 Upper Babury-'treet, APIRTMENTS Furnished, for a ge-ntieman=,rd Aan 8stting roor, ood tadnSe. lsper week,includingsal t?LTRNI$HIiD APARTM ENTS-sitting r'oo a,T F'bed rooms. =eeter or Steparately, with good iandanoe-r. Brisbtinan, 241. V:ir-treet Stad. j~UItNSHEl)VOLLA. APARTCMEKNTS, de`f_gutF folly s'it3uaHte at Haverstoek hill, for two getitietnen of quiol; and eal uhbitsr. On very low terms, No other lodgers. For card sapply 12, Arthurot',eet, New Oxfo'd-atreet. VURNISHED AeARIMENTS a largce welt Ff' urnished drawing room, and oen or two bed rooms, n the boa, 1p,rt of tho we tcentral diatrict. For partituLars apply at 8, Store. a reelk Bedford-square. F UNIHIID DRAWING ROOM land ~BEt) ROOMSto beLII F in a detahed cottage near tho Norwood -tinWea-edlie Larga gatden.-J. L, 210. Boroush; or to TutoedalO-oott-gee Tulse-hIll. NOorwOoW. p-URN18RED APARTMNENTS to eLE,~ IV O.ml ondslt.atreet. far gentlemen Ously-a stitting room an~d two bed rooms. estitable for brothera or friend3, Ternts W4. Per week, with attendance. An extra bed room if required. Apply at Kir: Ev,es'. 6;. Lamb's Conduit otreet Foundling. F UNISIEDAPARTMVENTS WANTED-two F ,illI blesd lrooEms a,,d sittlog room. on groulnd floor; with garden ereerrd., Vicinity of Park VttUage, or not more than two raleg from 'tCa.Terms must be moderate. 54 it will be fora%pe,,. nla,em,. Ad~ B. hr. tngram`t, M., Charles-rtreot e st. ia -VUitNISk1ItlD APARTMENTS to be LET12 drawing and bed room, drceeiog room if required. en saltte. Terms 1fs, and 18s. a wveek, including slate, linen, and attendanre, At 6, St. Ann's Villas, Notting-hill. The City omnibuses pas w,thn, three minoltae wal1r. IHDAPARTMENTSWA~NTED, in the F nueijihbottrhood of Canonbory. fortbree eingle gentlemen, engaged in the city dte iug the dsy,-ono stitling room and three bed rooms, Terms mnnt be moderate. Apply by letter to Bi. K., Commern.al arintng Company, 6. Old Fish-street. city. URNISED AARTME-TS to be -LET,fo F ainle gntleen-to be roos an onesltt nroomi, comifort- 1ably fnrsished. aduipted for two brothers or frienids. 'fcmsmdeae Noohrlodgers or children. Apply at R~, Feroy-square, Lower-road, Fentmnville, W(I: Ul'.1416HFEU AI'RMENTS.-WATD o F. atleartsixmontbcs by ma rried coup)le, with n hl i er of age, a SITTI r, G ROOM, Bed Room, and Dresn oo nsm floor, with attendance. in a gentefail.ndweehrereo young childrn, to itotloway, or tvinty Adsebyltr,ppad, to L. B.. Mr. Owen's linendene,Hloa-ae FURNISHED APAI4TME NTS, witin a few ~doors Fof Kennington-park.-To be LET, well FnurIshed, the DRAW. ING ROOM- FLIIIR of a large private HOU,SE, Partial board Can be bad if reouired. Terms moderate. Address it. Y., U1, York-place, Clamberwell New-road. I.?URIi lISHED APARTMEN ]TS,-n te hou`e0ofa IL' highly respectable private famtily, where there are neither oilidran cr lodgers. consisting of large drawing, with either one or two good hod rooms,, and superior attendance0, In the mnost pleasanit part of Stoko Newington, and a 3d. ride to the city, Terms very moderate. Fror furtZier particulars addreessby letter J. M., poat-oilboe, Kingeland gate. L'URNISRED APARTMENTS.-One or two KeaF1'tlemeu can be accommodated witha a large and lofty DRAWING and BED ROOM adjoining, replete with every comfort and pon,ent. once, and good attendance. Terms 12s, per week or with two bad roomn lee. 20 minutes' walk to the Bank. Apply a; 70, Herbert-etreet, New North roRd. 1F-TNFURNISHED APARTMENTS -to ~be Lilir- % tho upper part of a roomy house, Bishopegate-street within la-on re of Mr. Thre9. Fox. anrot,oe'-r, &cc., 92. Bistopagato within. UTEFURNIhiHED APARTMENTS.-To be LEi qja ruperior FIRSiT FLOOR, with isre of kitchen, in a nita honan, pleontlyeSitoate. No other lodgers. Partial attendance, if required., ierms XIOpsr annum-40,Woodland-terrace, NewingtOaos-j, Bell'. V0' d. Islington. IT U&N 1iS1iEl) APARTMINTS WANTED, i. Orte Old Kent-rood orneighbourhLooa, for a lady, witth attendinnee; t cwnsist t,f a sitting room and one or twtr bed rooms. Addreas, nst-t loz terrc, to A. ai, Mr. Harman',, ironmorger, 8, Chester.place, Old Xent-road. -1T NFUih-NlStiEi) APARTMENTS WANTED), in %J aprivate house-first and socond floors and the ucual convent. ences; whe west or north.wcrt pat of London. and within three-quar. Csm of an hour's ride of the BakX Addroem AB,B, fdr. Good's, tatIoiner, CO. Moorgate-ctreet. RO. U EFURNI611HED.-To be LET, ~the UP-?EtcK uPArtT nf the corner HOUSE, k9, flevonnhire-treet, Queoen'ssquare, Bloomsbtrr, cousisting of two dsawiug rooms, three large bed and two s3ervants' roomfl, eeParate Closet with water on, and large Xtlcic'tn. Rent £gO per annum. No children. TTNFURNISHED APARTMENTS.-A 1-ady qJ wishes for a FIllST FLOOR and KITCHEN, in the house of a genteel private family, wrhere there are no lodgiers or children. TOO neighbourhood of Bayswater, Hlarrow-roan, CA4mdeni ~r KeOtist toWns, Preferred. Address, tatingPartIcularsand terms (wbico must bevery m)o4e,atel. to A. P., 12. Wells-street, t4ray'S,in!n.road. 11NFU.K11IhIED APARTMENTS, for an eld-erly TJ Lady or Gentleman, or Couple.-A medical manm, without any famly,an rrvi alarerhoue tanhe anoccupy, situate in thet healhy ocalty,Kent'h ew-twn.abo t bl-an houe's walk fro.o Eentish New-town. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ cnsst"f t)be LiET, for an o fce, a lre atry R O 5o u T firot floor of No. 2, Ch.mpu-ere.itsod rMEB whole or p art of an elegantly FURNISIih2i T HOUSE to be LET, for S or 12 mionthis. Apply at 4, 0cintousquare Bromptou. TiV, iSuHtAUR uts, - Excelen APARTMENTSri THouse and fumniture new, SittinlgrOOM, bed and dressing room. A. man-servant kept.-II, 11olles-etreet, Cavendlth-aquare I()SOLICITORS and othera.-TWO ROOMNS ona a T1.first door to be ~E`T as oflims, admirably adapted for a profes. Wools gentleman. GOAt eutnsanc Rent mjoderate, Apply at 79, 3'srringdon-streot. VFO be LET, in Piccadilly, ftirnihedl or utflnno FIRS-IT FLOOR RUOIAS frOieeor occupatio,wtgor kitchen, privatw entrance, fcc. Appl a16,Piccadilly, opst od IV '0 be Llh'T, F'urni'shed, a DRAWING-ROOMA, le J Room, and "Dresig Room, also comtainin a bed, in a highly ro-. apectable situation near Eeusingeo-gardens. For cords apply to Mr. D-'nraater. stationer. 4-c.. 18. Young-etteet. Kenttlngton-trrnare. r 3 '1 be LISTb nesatly Furnished DRAWING ~ROOMJ ..and BED R OX. with attendanc, lI. 6d., or two bed rooms 17s. if requiredi could be accommodated with two psrlonrs, Ifts 6d. Ia a Pryvate house. Apply to A. B., 8, Ailbert-terrace, DevOonhr-tolr_ race~, liottlag-hiil-gate. r.dttjAtE DOORS from OXFORD-R8T_REET.-Tne TUI'PER PART Of a ROUSE to be LET, unfournished. sultaile for asylight rofesainoor baldnese. Just been painted anddecorated. For terms, ko., atpply to M1r. h. Davis, 9 and 10, igsrc,Cep rg i '0 SINGLE GISNTLEMEN.--Furnished ApartJR ment8, cleetby thewaK n, StokweILl-TobeLET, aFURNLISHED SIlTTING and BErD ROOK- (communicating), en first floor front of a semtidetached house, in a gentee road, near the above; with attend. acos, Terms;. M., per weet. Apply to R. P., 4, (llarenre-pl., StookwelL F U t) LADIES of LIMITED INCOOIVIE._-A lady, of .t Superior edocation, is desirous of havin a young lay toj oj her In the expense of her APARTlMENTtI. Tho locality is witnin a few miniutes walk Of Qteen't L'oiegs, Rarley.street, Refeceutesox cbtnged. Address A. Is,, 199, Ox ord-etreet, TI'0 be LBT, Furniahed, the 'UPPER PAR~T of ~a T.clean Well-regulated HOUSE, Conveniently situate for city gsn. tiesren, consIsting of two recePtcon rooms and seven bed rooms. fGood inoking. Board it required. Terms moderate, Apply to A. C., 5, i2amrshrdge-tormace, Ilydw-park, 3URIUH10ON.-Handlionlely furniaihed APALOV. hiW EN ISB for long or short periods may be had at t16, Laundwawue place, Board. If required. OLD B3OMPTON.-To be LET,FUNSEI APARTMENTS, suitable for gentlunen, at1,Glcse-ere corner of the loc,nter-road, Omnibusies pacethedorD re t0 W 'I .T9 AeARTMENT WATDfoa C mouh orso,by ayougpten mnah ctydrig h dyAdrss tating terms, to E. BE. P, s~tsn-He Mnig Xane. AR LE Y-STRET,Cvnihque--e H.L UPPER PART of a moeaesrdTOUEnotoos e- pW, nd newly dooerated, tob ET nurlhd Apply at re, U ly-smeect, pl a INE or TWO GJENTLEMEN ma e a6ccommo0J dated With SLEEPING APAIITMIOT orPartia BoA,d, if required, in a respectable family, near Hyde-ak Teemas miodetat. ArplyN. H. Dob ons,stationer, 40.jOhn-stre, d geware-road, EGENT-STREIST.-A olgnl F RNISaw)~ & APARTMENT, compeed Of four roomsoeusuite, tobe LET, In thebest part of Regent-etreet. Extra roomsif reuired. Superior accommnodation adTvrymoderate terms. Apply at No,86- 1) OULOGNE-SURMEAART-MENTS, -Sn-B able to an Bnls siydsno rvt home, with, attendance or hoard. for sigeprls rmIs ols er week in one of the best situatiou. Ades ieSedr,3 Baste Kitoljrierl, JB)ulog.o-s.r-Mdsr. -BELGRAVIA (,-O UT ).-APARTME)NTStob .ELET. ulnf urnied, firat and second floor, with kitchen, cellar, and attendance Rooms I' feet by 12. and lefty. ApplY by letter to A.Y.,, 7, Blecsboroueh.etreet, St. Geerge?saqOane, S.W. yares tocty-_onbcs 4d. : boat 3d. Private residence.to m_ SiUPitR.lOR FURNISHE AATMNT. kJTo be LET,. a handsome DRAWLNG-Room FLOORS newly Xurnihed. and several extra bed rooms, together or Eepsoste, With every coanvenilence Apply at 40. Glreat Potrsdand-nst, Cavendish. Equare ~ R ND.-To be LET, at a low rental (an offices o UdwelIngi119, the UPPEE PORTIONi of a HOUSE, consIsting; of forfor,with Private entrance, in the best Part of thin excelent thruhas plyOn the Premises, too0. Goodman), bOokseder and staionr, 07,Str no.W.t ., opposite Adam-etreet. MIH 165W 10Ii-APA.RTMENTI rurished,fra Single gentieman-bed room and drawinig room-with partil board it prelerred Rent MOderate, the adsertiae, wisbisg at muchL for a companion sat remuneration. Easy of aoceEs by rail or boatt Omn:bhusc every dive minutes. fare Gd. Address P. E., care of Atr. Bobt. Renyonl, 1, Oopthall-chamnhers, city. LODUINGS in the COUNTY ihO ihn LJBoard.-A. fawiyo .y epcaiiy iigt laatpr Of nomerset, near a riwysainar h t iehrsalre ll'-ue than they reqne,wudbgldoreevTOLAISra k3entleman and hisWieAstbeadca-hteaeataedo the Premiwses Refernces given andreird.A rssA,,bx40 poeft- Sloe, BristoL 0 FFIOE H- and-TR EL-L ARRS- to -beL LET, l ately us ed try a wine merchant. situate No 4, Brabant-roonrt, philpot-lans, fenz- Of pWES, -t --se,nerte rshmhus n Stock Etag.w nvnetF NIhamDhoFuIeS.u on the thir4 floor. M t 2peacum. Apply to the housekeeper, 40. SroAd-etreet_buidns iy FFICES, near the Bank and Royal Exchange,(To be LEV, irst-clsate OFyIC0ES, a4apted -or public companies or mercatile armus, For Partirmilrar and Cards to view app-ly to Mr. St. utstin, Royal Exohange estate ofilces ,oppstete, ak,3,,oa 2Jfxch.nge.thBak 0Rol ('ITY OFFICES, Furniished, close to the Bank.-To c be LET, TWO ROOMS, onthe secrodd Seer,Fuetlobed, a aprin olna's rom nd remk~ ofIce tent te guineas. Apply to the houseker per.,7, Pope's Head-alley, Co-nDhlil CHARING.OROSS.-OFFICES toW LTtw t'ITY OFFICES.-Old Jevry.~chzrbers~,_.T0 b~e LET, exehel3et SUIT8H of OFFIOI40, om the first floor-four irooms, with strosDg rooma, and other chambara na the upper floors Eents, inoluding cleasing, gam, &Cc., extremely niodegate.-Ple" s ad Wall, 34, Poultry. LCIANNOX-STRE ET WEST.-Superior SUITES inof ''OFFICES in the mansIon No. 15, with a large rage of wirehouse, having a good back entrane for ooloadn &r. to he LET, as an eniet r in seprtflos Apply to Mr. fates estate agent, 27, Mik-ket Oheapslds. E.C. CORNHILL.-To be LET, stuperior FIRST X)FI.OOR OFFICA, suitable for a company, comprising a board. irooam, treercar' office, and two other rooms. The office and board. roo, frniur ma bepurhaed f dsird.For, pareloulat apply to esa. M nsll nd IllotIsutinees, 4,Oornhili, E.O, W ~~~~~be LET, on the ~ptttOpiIOEs ofumueally lareo dinsro- slns lgh atiquet w~ eprae ntane,lasingrooma and change._______ TiNaneWa WEST.E1qD OFFICES, with I)ewe 0MW_ QCHOOL WANTED, to PURCHASE or RF~NT- AyJ buyse boarding-on terms not requiring vuch mnedlte onutag. IA'des. L. Cook's news otSea Red Lion-street, W.CI.' TandIN( and YARD WANTEp, for 20 horses LJan nwars0wltbin onemile of the Goese Post-ofi, Aopiy by 'etter to H.. erselShoes Tavern, Goswell.street, TAIORSand WOOLLEI ~DRAP~ERS._ Os'lr' bsies.'toPUR~IMASE. the GO-ODWILL of a tint-rate AWAiNTED,a small neat HOUSE.i1the min road, istuate b'. tween thecanal 'ridge. City-rod, and te topeofPentony e-hill.URnt verytmoderafe. Addreoe.A. B., 248, Strand. 1-1 USEWANTD--A HOUSE is WAN~TED, Jr.I Bater-treet, PortwaLn.square. Ore very neax a a-os reeed.Address, witha a-l patIculars, to Raph cre P orte"a"i T'aslor. 7, Little Jamee-treet, Bedford-row. OHOLSTI.~WATED toP`URCHA~SE,jm.~ IC) meiatel, a BOS' DA SOHOL, In own (orth referri,' Sy tatngevey prtculr I wll e lmeatey atededtoby A. 0, 1,1,TEEKY HOUSE WANTRD-A -lady i en clot f WEElY HOSE-i,to increase her Income havng areay may suh. urchse mneyfrom £1200 tip to £1,00.Addess wthfll artculrs tohercolectr,Mr. &ornuel, -lADIES SCHOO .-A lad is desrOus of eliterLog 1.4Int aranomet, or hePU SeHASE of ani est%bll,he LADI RBAtDhG rDA I4H05 In London or the suburbx. Address r futngulpriuas to : R.. 7A. Mlilton.street, Dorst. msonre. HJOUSE and SROP ob E,a o et sitateIn heleaingthoouhfae o arespectable neighbour. hood for any basines exehbe hp m eitto Pomeeaeon mar be bad for value of fixtue,udr£0 pl at S,Park-street, Oem- SOUTH-WESTERN RAILWrAY,near -aSta-uu,, C)withInl15tmIles ofLondon.-WANThO, for oneomonth, aFU. NISHED) COTTAGE, with garden, ard. withs not les than fiv heas Reply by letter, statinDg taerm, to EL HL. caxe ot Mr. Wright, 31, 0dm. mercial-roAd Pimlloo. DEUNISHED HOUSE WANTED, of moderat,r F'sr,o Wandsworth or Wimbledon-common. or in some dry airy siutinwithin ten milesof Londoni, on the Sturrey or Middlesex fide. One detached and having a garden, or a few acre ot land, preferred. Address X. X., 30, Chesham-street. Itelgrave-square. L'ARM WANTED.-WANED, -to IE, 32 itlichaelmas a nIaoll FAIiM about tO or 60 acres, prineins,ily patre land, with hoene and buildings, In tenantable repair. Rent m=tbe moderate, Situation no object, Address,post paid,toO. W., Barniand. Easlchnroh, Sheppy. Ub WANTED, to PURCHASE, Fitsdl HBOLD) er LEASEHOLD. Small houses not ohiected to. Pxr. tisaighabuse properties todispose oftmayheir of apur,obsor. 'Aphly to Mr. Plinarton, 44, Cross-street, Finsbury, from 11 til a ToMILLOWNERS.-WAXTED,tORENT, wtr T 100 miles of London. a smaUl CORN MLL onae with a dwelling. house near preferred, Also required,by a hlhlys'enpewtable pr.ctlcaI miller, a SI uation sas Manager, Foreman, or Clerk, Address, stating full particulars, to W. B., Stamp-office, Hastingr. LANDLORDS, Photograp ere, and otlhets HOUSE. in a good thoroughfare, with oon rcnience t tfdava house for photorphic purposes. An establl'hed phaolographlc bud-. nesswllInotbeobjecetod. Address,statig ul parcuas oBB. Shepheard's. post-oflice Hampstead-road, N.W.V oB , CIUNISRI)HOUSE.-W~AXTED,in pe L Woa plce. Woburs. uare, or the immediate vicinity a emaill Hlouse. Amy privAte family woudfndo a desirable tenant in a gentleman and bis servant. AddyeesParticulars to Mr. C. Btose, agent, 50, SouthLamptou,row, IRusell-scuaze. JOBLEXAN'S SEAT WANTED oPt N OCIAiiE.-AMansell and Ellott havec vdintuioso PURCHASE a MANSIO n OANo m tne sutbe for a nobleman keeping ag ealsmn, h oniso ek and Leicestershire preferd drs ess aneladEUti, land agents and surveyr,1 ,Birv-qae odn A Nunfurnish~ HOS pWre n h icn pefeetre i,adcnanntls hnaxor seven be omei. itent from £10 to£00ayar ocording to the aoccmmodation affard'- and stain Adrs,with lul partculars to ?.I .L. IL, Mr. Kenneys es gn.2 Upper Beckeley.atreet, Portman-equare.w. OUi3E W NTED, fom 7 t 12 miles fromi town, H and ear arailwy staion o the Aasde of London. unfirnisbd, sutinig fve o si roms,Mus heIn thorough repair &o., A.,car o Mr W.Steet esat agnt,Adlph-chmbrs,7,John- LI YDF-PARK.--WANT-D, in the ilmmed-iateviiC.~ IAnity, for six or nine months, a well FURNISaED HOUSE. con. tsning nos les than sir best bod rooms and cerv-auts' rooms, with bsck and front drawing rooms, back and front dining rooms, and breakfast prur, with the ntocesavy domestic offices. Addres, with faul parti. en=rsas to situ%tion rent, and accommRodation, to A. Z., care of Mr. Scrpps news agent, Anuth Molten-street, Bond-street. TILLA.-WANTD,orimdaeocpin,n V unfurnisheddetacheVLAintoogrea,inheeg. bourhood either ofLnghrghpr,Dnakhl,Dtih c- ton, Notowod. or naypeananhelhsiutowtinnse cjstance of the CoytlPlc Lno ie) h wligt oss of dining, drawing room, brekatro,fr e om,wtrroes kitchen, Fcullery, wsshhons,a dalneearofce,gdgre, and a good supply of thebetwtr etntoexed£5r£6 per annum, Addrets A. .. CrvnHoeL. Strand. lIlEDICAL PRACTICE REQUIRED.-A g-ener-al LT practicein a good provincial town insonut tby afally quallted. 1-rsevitloner. An a8ricaltural neighbourhood preferred, The recalols muLst not he lees than £700 yearly. The advertiserbhasoompetent memos for inves'ment at command, and is 00 yewar of age, Apply to Alpl-, cars of Mr. Ornldge, 30. Buoklerabury. PARIS.-A. WEBB, Housei, Estate, and ionmni-snion Ageut, 220, rute di Rivoli. j'Obe LET, with immediate possession, a CHE :3k,AOMONGER's SHOP, In the best p rt of Hackney, estabtIlhed upwards of 24 years Terms vey low. Inuire onthe premises, opposite the post-office. Hackney. ('p0 be LET, several COU.NTRLY RESII)BNOSh, -ILunfurnalbed, wvithout land, one hour's ride from London. In a, healthy locality. Possession immediate : rent from 20th Sept. next, Apply to Win. Sharp. Sawbridgoworlh, flirts. F1pO be LET or SOLD in the vioinity of Cavendslan. -1, square, a handsome RESIDENCE, thiree rooms on each story, in thorough repair, replete with every convenience and fixtures. Sta',fing is, the rear If required. Apply to Mr. Maleg, 9, Welbeck-street. W TObe LET, with inamediate possessioni, a arge 11T Uroo!m:eHO"USE, in thorough roepar, well supplied with water, a'nd commending an extensive oset a laRge Rearden. Apply to Mr.Alvery. West View, nea the nwcurch, New-end, Hempt-dea T 0_'~beLET avey cnvnintHOUSE : six rooms,i U~o.fe%udgooddy celsr:large garden, excellent stable,. coab~~oule,an lot.May b let tgther. Rent £e40: or without stable, &a.. 430,-39, Ash-groye, Cambrdge-heath, opposite Victoriapark-road. ?P be LET. Furnished, a, genteel, semi-detacehed, ill. ATroomed HO'USE with good garden beck and front. The own~er, wioning to leave town for six or 12 months, would let it on nearonabte terms. Address Robarton-house, 00, Clifon-road east, corner of Prind2roroad, St. Tohn'6.wcod. FT¶O be LET or SOLD, a cap`itzl ~FREEH-OLD A HOUSE containig eight rooms, and hack kitehen, with two water-olostz and pardm', In good repair, nearly new drained Into esawer. Rent £e05. Direct A. B., Mr. Bfrace's, baker, Aruthampton. steet, Cainherwell. TO10be LET, 1 and 3BELMOT.TTERRLAOI:], JHlgh-otrset, reokham, snltatle tor llnendrapers, chiymtsts, paws. btokers kc.-two, handsome shops, one a corner, with side entrane, double fronts soft and spring water, nine lofty rooms. Mont very mo. dramte. Apply toW W . H Awline, Queen's-road. r l be LET, a 12-roomaed HOUSE, of a superior dsAscridption, either with or without a large garden. The situation is very airy, and convenient for acces to all parts of London:; soil gravel, good drainage. Applt' at 84 Oakley-street, Csdogan-ploer, Chelsea. KIflo's-road-end. 3ObeLET, hadoeyFunse,i ~tho vicinity T Of`;0alda-hllJ a eIdtce EIDEO1CE, contalning 2ro. ception room,i and l e oms ovnent domestic offices arid exten. else pleasure grotundai rear. Gas I id on to basement, b dianlu roomn, kc. Rent 4 guIneas per week. For earls to vies )ply to Messrs. Ebbs and Sen. builders, 19, Aberdeen-place, Maida biL. To be LET, Furnished, No. 2,MORT-ER.ROA U1, or on thhpeess r'obe LET, Fu ;ihd, fon mhodeaetrs h Twole dor pat ofbagentlemanl REERESIDENCL,Eabstadn inwovenIP aresof in Seulli utrpea,ure munds. garden pondon,e and full situaten withnl frmieo the Ca inha ton R rodStation.t whicht ACOTTAGE, wt excellent w:ar leagarnely situate,ion aretied,tbut woaithin10 youardsngofuhrhg road.s Cntawing or e room s alor nu and drEsts,ing rob tw puloers, dronawning roomp op eninglon plgwawn r,an suItabler ofrinowatLeasr8 yPearsc.. Goundaren coa. rcellr £a7d Rterto00 "nAle lyeto Mr.de f C.n aron, c housefaget,hWeratroft-lae Ham-lt TOJ.1 AborLET3, WFurntonis ed,fr Oa shgdort terdM,e w it eros A eeClo.. at Pocultry. ROHTCIHLL bu tomls TcmClheeter: o accounmofiousamil MansoDieon.repletearoa withevr ruedubtely, wit rolmyestabltese aetndcoach-house, go welle gardens,io erase ,and, formingth parkedIn gowhich Themnso stands,t Fo par-tit boticc appl to Mtessr. Howard, tnglW and Kr.ling,ksoulicipoltorrs,l TO zbethLrET, itn.Squrrey, 10 mile ro ono, n Anquortre ael fopheU onRirtun Sttonw nfeat vealescee garden frotind thisk. For frte r ariulrsg.t and Co.. 34,LonPoubltdg. and wndin. Nohingaske forgoodihl tThestock~ at avalution abot 10 eqird. ddes toW. a Mr Jkons ueDIPhOStEDOr Mlzaeth.tree Eatn-sqare,Pirsico TO DSILERSan E IFEToT0b AT E,o LIEASE. with Imma,bbedat possesxion,te opetn don, wit tel etire0o plant and utensls,hoo fitamly eiec, tig stovgrues,t&e. latel oupiedobnisr. Gash and. Cor. Fma- erticuar aomnd-icardstogvewhe abu;O.Apply toMess.Dai and Oigf 3addredsrck'splnacenOd-terryc. lepo-(d ln TO LADIS.-To erDSPOEDt OF,V an geNuin .LBUSINSS, wih an etablised o repaior. Prdcing £110h pero Comingin alogethr abou £100 Appl girecrds of. adrs tor con trsh.DeRAPe ierpo-olrod Isimmditon.POA,v.vr rr oldetbliLb,d FRIL aDRAthERYs BSYESeS.v gtand Lnone~ Al t1 LEASEHOL PRoEIShS. ofn compee mrepair. clite hn the proutWeestof oid ice, at aee groeund rentedof £73rpea eannm, toEbe flEmad Oweu Adapted for a bulerA orit engoer &,c*oror con-ta version 1nto houes, Carter-an1e.0 DtoAn-ooseLy toS( 5.Wlonte Webe tmiste or toesrs.t arn y Rxobins, aWLnd urer OllUoS, pla .1dJold-ceaInbwiche FAMILYidRAerYbebgo a HBb'eea aiaed In fone man thYeaminge horrzgPse oftain larige mercawntil ciynd theWsei room,four tha be ensucstulycared romondfoylreati V foro4 yearvs, n 3itbeohhos .onditsebrerlyIuvn heavOodr, thlau fa reurn, _ upwards of £10,000 p Minangm h premie are ver compisea sop 10 fetileuTl,heele "R-wanrehouse conern an. vdlladatedfora pa-rsswithinaabbt£~ 00 captal. Pnrthepsstiolar m, be bd on aplyin toeserAl daIs ando. Ilmth 1, G ea Crtr-lne Dctsa'co,nns ~f0BUTCTUERS.-To bo LET, in consequence of T.thbe de sh oftthepmrioprlg . aBUTORESRs SHOP, in the iciniTty of SLt Jobn!s-wood. Apply at 50, Lluon-grova. TbeDISPOSED o5F,I -aBUrilI~~~in~ ~~~t2 aio1n n he wo4tsrn suburtis of London. Term mose te.Adde,sB. Cl. post.office Bayllwater. I't- 1)INTISTS.-A PRACTICE to bo D1SP0SiiED i. 0T, at the woettend. Apply by letter to A. B., Broke's 24, old Cavendllsb-street. W. rI'0 e S LE a seven-roomed HTOU~SE,in s JL nelghbouzbood 0D Xentleh.townf,dr the sum of 270. Let at4e.30 per annutm. and ground rent £5. Lease 90 years. Apply at Mr. E WVlliam,, S. Vark-street, Dorset-square Ne.W. 1W.URAPRS.-Tobe DISPOSED) OF, ab ve45 de. draleLEIM&nWOOLLENDEA,PRaY iUSINE ,esets. hllshed1iya s he Prentporeodcligbune, Apply to If(O GROCEIRS and OHEESEMON~GES-A 1.BUSINESS, held by the previous owner for 21 year, and now doing a good-paying ready-mone7 'rsae of £_20 per week. In a capita i'i,,per shop, and on oonvenient premises must be SOLD at onooMr. Bath. auctiloneer and valuer.A4. Walbrook. 'a 1o GROOERS and otbers.--A! l-salse LSHOP P.m the above Sue, to be LHP. doing a,out £3,500pe annum, all rea'iYmoney over the Counter. 0 cmuig-In for ntne years harwe fixtures k&. 20 guineas. F~or address applp at baunderre varnis warelinuse I16 Crowni gtreet, Sohbo. 'fTO be SOLD at crest Ios an eight-roomed N HOUSE and Gsrin, elos to the =tatin, Haveastock.hlt, subJect to amouithly payment of £1 lp l. ncluding£o0m ret9,And proet tax. lAssa 90 years. os0i. P5 isnto scey £e30. E Utblisbed It years.-Mr. Jonea. 24, Beet-street, City-read. rIs CORN and FLOUR DEAKLE_RS.-TO be E a', Tsamost eommanadlng SHOP and PREMISES two-stall stAbsle, van-house, &c Rent muderate. The trade utensils and fixtures frr sale. apply by letter to 36., Mr. Iturcb's, engrver, 153 Fenchurch. street, city. ,10 be SOLD, a PAIR of beautiful OTTAGYSp, T situtate seven miles from London, on the Uxbridgeroad, and csiee to a reil,way statIon. Leas 98 years. Gronnd rent £2 loe each. Price £12.5. Tbey cm te miade freehold for £t21. Apply to Wf. liLmptoct, 54. Orsigj.%treot, Plnzbury. from It tIllS o'clock. lI, pe ek nu,hler, and hafating to ba Disposed Of by valuate.ApyA , 26. WatWeg-street, city, R, 0. been succesfully carried on for 17 yers pplyby letter to Id. 0., care of Mr. mabley, statIoner, 143, Stragnd CHYMISTSan ]RUGIT-An-et~abHihed~ T BUSRI within six miles of town, for D1ItTOS AL. Returns nealrly £306per annum. Very profitable. The onjydrugglstj t,tee plane, Population exceeding 2,000. Rentonfly14. Purchase £150. Apply to Mr Jacobeon, 28. Walhsook. city. rr0 GRO CERS and CHEESEMON `GERS--To be TDrSpCslED Of. an old-eattablished BUSINER9. in the above line, In a populous and Improvinog neighbourhGoo-, eight inSee from London. Comning-in moderate. This inanuexcellent opportunity for a 'mall caittalist. For furvther particular applytoAB.Q,ce My. tiBes 115, Borough. Southmarkc oA.B ,,cr rr GROCERS, &c.-To be DIS§POSED -OF, san Told-establlahed BUSINESS In the above line, In a crowded neIghbourhood. The house large andoconvenient,and ftted with erery o~nveniece.and low rent. The proprietor having another bosinogssI'the cause of leaving. For cards of adidreas apply to Mr. H, Wilis wholeFebG talluwehandler. 17, Peter-street. Boho. W. BEDand BISCUI BAERS-F01- ls-: T SA,athiorough genuine BUSINESS,. establisebde 16 years, in the moet ire Proving part of Hammevermtth. The proprietor ha%tm; another business to enter upon would offer It on advantageos termsi. Every satisfactory proof given, pl ntepemfe ,Rv* row, New-road, Hammerumith. Apyo h rmss ,Bvnc 0 PUBICANSand othe-s.-A BA-lc T PUBLC-HOlSE tobe LET, doing agood traae. 12 mies from London, rear Bushy-park, Haniptoni Court, and Hampton rmoe-coure. The reasonof leaving thepaLrty having another bueise,ewhich calls h's attention, The inooming aboutz£2-50, Applyto A. B,,the Ma1d*n'ahead Inn,. Hampton Middlesex, S.W. TO GROCERS and D PES-.To be D LPOSDO'kund-itel ,a nOgGOOERY and DR&PERV~ BUSINESS, about ii miles from London. This is a vary desirable concern tosaperson with asmallesapital. Rent low. Goodbhouseant large garden. Theo most satisfactory reasons grven for disposing of Is, Apply to John Gower. U Paternoster-row, B. - 1j,11O CH XMI6TS and IDRUGG HSTS.-Sce.a-ie -Re-i. kdence.-A. gentleman desirus of residing In a quiet town, beautifnuly situate on the south ooa't, where he can secure a oomfortab's house and a satisactory addition to Income without heavy Investmeant, ma meet with a sauitble OPPOrRPUXtTYbyap9lInto W, W.cr of Mr. Orridge, tranisfer agent, 30, Buclershury!qhs outmnand of £50 will be required for the purchase. 0 OYMITSand DRGIT,,nINVEST for some time' In ore of the laIngetbismns ath west enduof London. He wui be hap o zxhne refeecsws the owner of a business In ab good ubrandmctor frtla ow,IrAforma,ln. as totIhe advertls-r may beotie b omnotiog withL Mr. osridge, trans!er agent, 30, Bccesuy TOCHYMISTS adDUGSS- eyln TLestablistbed COKNRXION In an Important city tosto be D B- POSED OF. The returns are about = 50O yearly, and ailmit of extension, The premises are large, and held on btnefliri; lease, The buasines In wall adapted for an active enterpriiing man with about, £2,5(0 at command, or for two Mefrin wishing to commence In partasoship, Apply to AL. P. 5,, car of Xr. Orridge, transfer agent, 30. IBurklersburty, sonely fetnished, The hous(aornroe smdrnadi xeln condition. It is well adapted forafml;o u oiinmyb available of, to make a consideral diint noe ytiitt vtsitDrm if preferred. Price £104 pl oM. rig,taae agnt, 10, Bucklembury, T 0 NG ShR ON .- small but nato T PRACTCE (tb gmte part n cah) gUllfionrl'hlug, asnu caal fbeing greatly Inceased, is offered to any wentleman armnt to commence, on reasonable terms, the present proptietor relinquish. tag, There in an opn ugery, handsomely fitted writh every conve. niences and in g working order. It is in a, good locality with a newly-bsulIt commodious house, at a lovw rent, Apuly byleteteroutle, with real name, to If, D., care of P, G. Dodd, Rot,. 45, ClorehIi,l INSBURY ~ ~ LEAE,one Tof sbo F beetHOUM n VisburyDIamApplytoWna and Eley, F'ISBRYPAEMNT gT be LET on JLI L-ASE~capi&IHOUE~wihoommndinshon and dwellingthosea t sear, eOIther together oraseparate, Apply to Willataand Eley. house agnt. 11, Pavemenlt, MO, CAMBRIDGE.-To be LET, willhin -amile-and. ca half of Cambridge, a goued R.ESIDENCE, fablnihed or unfurrJlshed, with waden, coach-house, and stable, Also a smallera ditto, Apiply to H,. EL, Merion-house, Granrhester. Kensington, W.oep near the Railway Sti-tion.-To bo hmediate pomesslom No, 1, Ifausell 711ls.' seamidetahed,contlnineighroom, with gardua tofront ani'retror Rent £39 A plyontheprmise,o to Mioxon and Doble. 3i, Sedtord-,ow. C~~XFORD-STREE~T. -The LEAEoms orni- XFORI) STREET-To be LTanexcellent '. HP 5 fret deep, close to the PrincessTete and artltale fe n uens requirring a first-class situain s and fixta,wv only £01. Apyat 66 Oxford-street, C,t~a B~S~ BRIGHTON.-Ta be DISPOSEDOFthLESs BaudFURINITURE (nearly new) of a private RESItslNOtg situate near the West Cliff, two minut&e walk from the sea, Th - homse cotains 10 rooms and excellent offies Trios £450, Foy further pastioularse Adre-8. poet paid, to Mrs T. K, pot-office. Brlrhta, I)EIGA-TE.- Tobe LET, till L ay-,day, the w~hole Luor part of a well FURNISHED HOUSE with five bed room4 and large garden : having a splendidrview, and within half a mi-a of the Jisnozion, from which there are nearly 30 trains to LondonA daily. Terms, 3g%. perwek, Applyvto Messrs. eeasand Son, ed-hiL- LET on LEAE o2lets, H HOUSE said ~ i SHP this great thorougfr,sialfoau butesrequiring publlolgn; -it has mudern paesaefot n h premises are 70 f&Atdeep; th~y ame No A3 HihHl.g,adaeuR undergoing thorough repair, A pply to Mr.Hasn,20 tedW '.3 genteel selrs-roo edtHOUSE, I n thoro ghreair, wte ll dralte gardn hak an frnt.eanthe54 OrAg n ath eas-pemo 6 years iM. Bol, t goud rntof£4Gdrectvb fBom theathfree,bo nde pl tow Mr Boy, 7. Neierto-catreway,Genih CiRE NWIH te-M r. ump-hrey, h emp Greys a clos tothepar, a D ENea tE,raiwaymand steampiers. Rnt £63 Cardsto vis- at the reesuw eDion. roomkh th, e, usan doLewtis estate oT'es 0 andd-s t Grfeenwficht. Gemih (1 REENWIOIIN..M wimh ths o thi re' a capIal FM PoesFADEnnOext wiothIm iatea Ter eeapital c-Ri. laming six bed rooms, three otlnn r reception room,teuuldn-si cilres an gaden Th oue i inagthornRorrder, Cand thvewofu PORE LODTO Tbbe ET,wit immediate -- libreary an ostorom coonvenietch-roenad HoUc,SE withood cellars fore-ourt, and garden, I ca bhwmainthublcisgreorwit hinrlie-.mkiete thorughrepair, mRento£6 Pierwatclr apply to Mr. P.BRons ighsraid Mos, 2,RIg llla.aret,cmVity,e hO. om Adwshhu T)RIGHON.-Tohe SOL. o,RpkroLet o Lpers Inn.wAy L furnihed, wit possess o r et dmotnth,e ver capt. ual aralL and evenor eght ed roms,It i intho c oretder nd the furof Moro, srvey r. . S . Matins-pace,Toaatg r. Praine.1, Fo (lORELODG, FCharin-Tross be b LE' Fihe on contaning ice bd roos, bah roo , drawnd rom dining onr of librry ad sore oom foodrktcenlyanctd obytce :Roya leasret TTPPER HOLLOWAY.-o be LET, a oonveIt sent, tj ited p ROUE, crn p isin eigh roo s and TaOh-tene row. I lingion,~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~3.St te N te BNKSof the THAMS --To be LT withImmdiaercowereston, en excellent TAMILY REST. paTry Arder,saros, d, oc-os n two-eal stbe, n harnesrom; lh argle gardebwel toced cofrrtry, anod trr 431OTAE ne the imleg anYS. Ms i-arish ofnhWnlI l0beiden,ootiin0taim dwoul ditning rooos. niebeiooset house,rb#ioseshouseheand~ ma wtand sabll covninsloe ofttrces. Weateorladon,hrentb. wintS s fln-re 16 Iuth aricuar Ofappl- Luddtokna tYo. MessBllc1 n Cokt (IOTTAGE, Wigilyeatdsenatreen wateside oal thr e,ten ofjs I.1 fom. The Parbem -arch,Ox0u an tre5.,To enet aR'uundlshe pat an detachedM IOsAE inw thme srlelh, andmyb edl retireaqd tols dof'l W 1 =ede, contaiingtositngl rooms.L five be roos Aitheo G.e W. W hose tAiehe aing W1a 'we-trnstal, Large garidgen,d,so - OP. InALEe,o besrs Prdiv ade Go,a34 'Ay Oxordesreeft, e FTXPrt atndb I?ML REVESO&YrgEMPi WERY... tiebuilt DISOUSEDSO, ontl vfeny audrag'aeonqa OUterms abl foqert r BReaRY, tdrte Megchantsintuatert oth atrsidatl The peasnt endof )endouInthe rest exnare spacioyea ande whcneinthn the pnerxwtatInd 4,10 bresInt notone,f an mayo be ren a dil ot incrW ease .t ioh'e C'r' maletba Ssmall abud udertion 00Oapital Appyskw to Mepsr. d leave the sesin by Prepir.Frvate r Trarty,laorde ofpl the A Aint" ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ WL sne
ITHE EVAzGBELICAL CONFERBIVCE Al' I BBRLN. (IROM OUR BERTTN CMlRRPAlNMhPl, X BBRLIN, Sri-. 14. On Saturday evening the King made for himself an opportunity to be present at that evening's sitting of the Evangelical Oonferences. He had in the forenoon reviewed the two armee corps, the Guards and the 3d Armee Corps, at Lichtenberr, in the neighbourhood of Berlin, and had been oa the ground from 10 o'clock in the morning until about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and then, after giving several audiences, and after entertaining a very brilliant party of princes and high officers of various foreign armies, as well as his own~ at dinner in the Sebloss, he proceeded to the Garnison Kirche, at the samte time that his numerous and brilliant guests repaired to the gala performance at the Operahouse. His Majesty's arrival and entrance to the loge reserved for him were arranged so noiselessly as not in the slightest degree to interrupt the proceedings; but ho found the whole church filled to overflowing with anxious hearers, for the i oat part standing, and the platform crowded with every man of rank oonnected with this movement. On this occasion also some of the Ministers as well as the President of the Ober Kirchenrath, Chevalier Bunsen, and several officers of high rank friendly to the movement, were present in theRoyal loge, The transactions of this sittiug consisted of statements from different members of the foreign religions communities a to the state of Protestantism in their respective countries. Lo Pasteur Grandpierre in French, and Prediger Fiach in German, laid the whole state of Protestantism in France open before the meeting. An Armenian thankfully recapitulated all the services that Prussia was rendering to Protestant Christianity in Tarkey ; and his discourse, delivered as it was in Turkish, was translated sentence for sentence by a German Minister whc had long resided in Constantinople. They were followed by a German clergyman from Milan, who portrayed the melancholy state of Protestants in Italy, and bespoke the sympathy and assistance of the Evangelical Alliance to support and assist the feeble spark of evangelical trath in those benighted countries. The least dark portion of this melancholy picture was Sardinia; the darkest the Italian territories nuder Austrian rule, such as Venice, and moat of all Parma and Modena, where thousands of Protestants are living without any Protestant priests, and where the children necessarily receive baptim in to the Roman Catholic Church, and can only by stealth be instructed in Protestant truths. The last of these discourses was delivered by a Spaniard in his own language, and from his account the state of the Protestants in Spain was only a little less gloomy than that of the Protestants in Italy. As soon as it had been decided at the Palace that the King could and would attend this sitting those immediately around him sent notice of his intention by means of the constabulary force, and its complete system of telegraphs throughout the town, to aU the hotels, committee-rooms, and other places where it was known that members of the Conferences were staying; and so it was the day before with regard to the presence of ladies, the wives and daughters of members, at the reception in Potsdam. It had been represented to Chevalier Bunsen by a prominent member of our nation how many had brought their wives and daughters over with them to share in the fatigues as weU as the gratification of these Conferences, and how much they would be gratified by an opportunity of seeing the King nearer on that particular occasion; and it was by Chevalier Bunsen's kind attention, shown in this and numerous other instances, on this occasion to our countrymen here that the King's invitation was on Friday. morning extended to the gentle sex, telegraphed from Potsdam to Berlin and brought almost instantaneously by the police force to the knowledge of all whom it might concern. The fair representatives of Anglo-Saxon Protestantism availed themselves largely of the extended invitation, and, finding the Queen present at the reception, they in several instances got themselves presented to her, and imparted to her Royal ear some statements of their own views en religion in general and this movement in particular. This unexpected rencontre served to develope, at any rate, a dormant accom- lishment on the part of the Queen, who has hitherto been believed at Court not to understandour language at all, for on this occasion she answered freely and kindly ia English; as she has no great fondness for our people and our manners, it would seem as though a want of acquaintance with the language had perhaps been resorted to as a convenient plea for her keeping the British element somewhat aloof. Possibly this rencontre-which, from its very imprompta nature and disregard of all Court etiquette, was not without a spice of the comical in it-may serve, in connexion with the King's clearly-pronounced sympathies for our country and the approaching marriage, to remove what little ill-will towards us remains in certain remote corners of the Court. During the period of these Conferences arranuements have been made for the most celebrated preachers of other countries to occupy four, five, or six pulpits throughout the town every evening, while for Sunday the local clergy seem, with but very few exceptions, to have decided tpon occupying their posts themselves. Oar countrymen, who, as far as I have learnt, have not availed themselves of the liberty accorded by the Consistory of Brandenburg for any clergyman of the Church of England or Scotland or of the Moravian Brothers (and this has been subsequently extended to the Wesleyans) to preach in any church of this metropolis, showedforthinconsiderableforceyestsrday (Sunday), and bytheir prayer meetings, celebration of theLord's Supper, and numerous attendance at Divine service offered a marked contrast to the more recreative pleasure-seeking manner of spending the Lordos DaY which obtains here. Never since the opening of the very convenient and well-appointed chapel which the K ig some three years back made over to the use of the English residents here, after putting it into the most thorough repair and decorating it, has the English chapel, since then enriched by a handsome organ presented by Lord and Lady Bloomfield, been so numerously attended or so amply served as it was yesterday morning; not only had two clergymen undertaken to assist our resident minister, the Rev. R. Bellson, by taking the communion service, but also the Rev. Mr. Jackson, of Bentley, in Hampshire, preached. (At the afternoon service the sermon was preached by the Bev. B. Phillpot, of Great CressiDgham.) But this scene of our chapel filled to overflowing even in its vestibules, gratifying as it was, was of feeble interest compared with the administration of the Lord's Supper to more than 200 English speaking communicants of various nations at a public room which had been taken for devotional purposes. It may have been as much a matter of practical necessity with so large a number of communicants, and in the absenco of a communion table and rail, as an intentional concession to the differences of practice with different denominations, that on this occasion the sacred elements were administered to the recipients sitting, but certainly no deficiency of the usual appurtenances and furniture of the altar will havebeen felt by those participating to have in any degree weakened the interest attached to this reception of the Lord's Supper under these peculiar circumstances. The foreign style and decoration of the saloon reminding every one present of their absence from home and their present sojourn in the, centre of a country whose language and customs are unknown to them, and where their venturing to meet together for this holy purpose, equally with the assembling of the entire body of Protestants in Berlin, has been made posible solely by the warm encouragement and firm support of the Sovereign of the land, but otherwise opposed by many in power and obnoxious to police regulations, the fact of this sacrament being administered by clergymen of all denominations that composed the entire Protestant Church in England-all combined to iwpart to the whole a deep and unusnial interest. The Dean of Canterbury and the Rev. Messrs. Brook and Carr Glyn, of the Church of England; Dr. Steane and Rev. Baptist Noel, of the Baptist denomination; Rev. Mr. Scott, a Wesleyan; and the Rev. Mr. Sherman, an Independent mainister, divided with each other the labours of celebrating this sacramental rite. The amount of 271. was collected on this occasion, and destined towards a fuind for the relief of poor Protestants in Styria. This sum was further increased at a Bible meeting, held in the same room in the evening, with Mr. Wright, the new American Minister, in the chair, where an equally numerous party met together for mutual edification, on the text of the 4th chapter of Ephesians. In addition to the clergymen of the Church of England whom I have named above, I will mention having observed here tbe Rev. Messrs.- Jenkinson, Jamieson, Cornewall, and Freemantle: there are, of course, many otbers whose names are unknown to me. Among laymen of note I may mention Lord Roden and Sir Edward Buxton; and Sir Culling Eardley I have already mentioned in former letters. QUARTR-.PAA r 2 r.S. The Emperor has just arrived at the terminus of the Potsdam Railway here, aud was received by the King in person and all the Royal Princes, the latter wearing the blue ribands of the Order of St. Andrew, the Emperor the orange riband of the Order of the Black Eagle. The Emperor took the opportunity offered by the presence of a battalion of the Kaiser Alexander Regiment on the railway perron to test the expertness of the commandingofficer in handling his men in that very confined space; they semed to perform their evolutions to the entire satisfaction of all present. Yesterday was Baron Humboldt's 89th birthday; his health seems quite restored from the effects of his late attack.
MUTINY IN INDIA .-THE RELIEF FUND. A special general meeting of the suaseribers to the above fund in the city of London wm held at the Mansion-house yesterday afternoon for the purpose of considering the pro. priety of altering the second resolution passed at the general meeting on the 25th of August last The members of the committee aud * few of the more prominent supporters of the fund were present, as were Also the Lady Mayoress and several of the members of the ladies' com mittee. The LORD MAYOR, on taking the chair, said that the obojeet of the meeting was to extend the powers of the committee as to the applicatiou of the funds. By the resolution passed on the 25th of August the committee were required to despatch the amounts collected to the Governor-General of India, to be by him placed at the disposal of the other local Governments. It ap,eared, however, from letters which the committee had snce received that a great number of cases existed in this country requiring relief, bat w7hich she committee were, by the terms of tho resolution, precluded from affording to the parties. The object of the present meeting was to obviate this difficulty, and to empower the committee to apply the funds to meet the exigencies as they arose Mr. DENT observed that it was quite an oversight, in the excitemeDt of the moment, not to have conferred on the comnmittee a diwretionary power as to the disposal of the funds. By the original resolution tbe application of the money collected was restricted to India alone. Subsequently to the pssing of that resolution a letter had been received by the committee from Sir J. Melvil, stating that the East India Company had sent out orders to the Government and Authorities in India to relive every cse of pressing want and emergency, but he at the same time pointed out to the committee and to the people of England that it was to public subscriptions in this country that they must look for any permantnt provision for those who had so cruelly suffered. The resolution he was about to propose would give the committee the power of dealing with the funds for the relief of parties in England, or of transmitting them for the relief of persoes in India as the necessity and emergency of the several cases might require. He therefore begged to move that the following resolution be substituted for the second resolution pased at the meeting held on the 25th of August last ` That. in conideration of the extremoe urgenY of the caue, and the necseity for prompty meeting the wants ot the sufferers nowliterally depending on others In Oalcutta and elsewhere, for clothing and feod. in additiOn to their crual Im of habsedd and parents, this mneeutin most anxiouly entrete the benevolent ceatribuetior of its fellowcitizens and of the publio at large, and recommend that the subescip. tieo lits be kept on at Mes. Smith, Payne, and Oo'a, tho Oriental Bank Oorporation, and the Agra Bank, and that tho fund collected bo, in the discretiuon of the committee, tansmitted to tho Govermor-Gene. ral of India, or to the Governors of ihe different Preaidencle, or be apDlied by the committee to the reliet of aufferers from the mutiny who have arrived or mar arrda from India. or ma7 be at present in this country or elserhere." The resolution hbaving been seconded by Admiral Sir Svxrrms LusiSm'GTOIs was agreed to unanimously. Mr. DENT then obeerved that an equal oversight had occurred at the first meeting by overlooking the necessity of affording relief to cases Of distress occurring from casualties in their gallant army nowr employed in putting dovwn the frightful mutiny which had broken out in that country. He thought some special resoletion should be passed to enable the committee to afford relief in such osses. It was a state of things very similar to tbat which happened during the Crimean war, and for which the Patriotic Fund so nobly provided. He was afraid, according to the strict sense of the original resolution, that the fund raised by the cosnmittee would not be applicable to cases of distress arising from casuslties in the army The LORD MAYOR said, the dlstress alluded to would clearly be the result of the mutiny, and in bis opinion would therefore come within the terms of the resolution, which gave the committee power to grant relief wherevor it ws reouied. MrD Trwishedsomedefinite opinion to be expressed on the subject. Colonel HERDERSON was of opinion that any casualties such as his hon. friend hsd mentioned would necessarily arise out of the mutiny now taking place in India, and would therefore be included among those cases of which the committee were bound to take cognizance (Hear.) The LoRD MAYOR said, it might be gratifying to the meeting to hear that the appeal made to the country had been promptly responded to, and that sub3criptions were being raised simultaneously throughout the kingdom. U, tothe present time the amount received by the committee wias 35,8361. 16s. Od. (Hear, hear.) They owed a debt ol gratitude to the diffrent towns which had so promptly responded to their call, and he thought a cordisl vote of thanks was due to their friends in the provinces Colonel EmcDmsoS then moved and Mr. Deputy OBBARD secoaded the following resolution, which was unanimously adopted:- "That tUS meeting dealre to aoknowledlge with gratitude the lberal manner in which tUe avppo on behalf of their feDolw-coEntrymen end countrywomen In India has been rosponded to, And express a hope that their friends throughout the kingdom will continuo thoe benevolent exertions wh' ch have hitherto been so suoessful." The Rev. Mr. WiLsoN, of Islington, having been appointed a member of the committee, expressed his desire to contribate whatever service it was in his power to render in furtherance of the objects of the committee; and said that it wasintended next Sunday to take up the subject in all the pulpits in Islington, both of the Establishment and of the Nonconformists. On Monday a publto meeting would be held and committees appointed, and he doubted not that a similar course would bo pursued in all the metropolitan parishes. The LORD MATOR said, it was gratifying to know that the Bishops of the various dioceses saw the necessity of immediate action, no one knowing how soon their funds would be required A vote of thanks was then passed to the Lord Mayor, who, in acknowledging the compliment, again dwelt upon the necessity of immediate action. He had had communications from all parts of India sbowing the greatest neceesity that oxisted for the labours of the committee. There were many ladies up in the hills, and his own sister informed him that their treasury was nearly empty, and that the natives were unwiUing to bring them supplies, in consequence of their not knowing whether the rnutineers or the British troops wLould be successfaLL YORK. In pursuance of a numerous and tnflaentially-signod requsition to t;ho Lord Mayor, a public meeting was held yesterday at the Gaildhall, York, for the purpose of entering into a subswription for the relief of the sufferers in India. The Lord Mayor pTaided, and there was a large attendance of the gentry and ministers of all denominations. The LORD MAYOR, in introdneing tho business, referred to the horrible atrocities which had been perpetrated in India upon many of the officers of the Bdtish army, their wives, and children, stating that, although nothing could be done for those who were dead and gone, yet he was quite sure they would assist with willing hearts those who had survived. His Lordship added that he had received a check from Mr. Thompson, the chairman of the North-Eastern Railway Company, for 501., and one for 25 from Colonel Smyth, U.P. for York. It was understood that M!-. Westhead, Colonel Smyth's colleague, had also subscribed 254 The Rev. Canon HARCOURT then reviewed the circrmstances of the Indian revolt, observing that there never wras a time when there was so deep a feeling of mixed indignation and compassion in the univarsal heart of this country as had been produced by recent events in that empire, and the question was how it was possible to offer relief at a time of so much pr vate suffering. There were at presentin In4ia widows and ornbans in great numbers, and persons who had been axdd'enly hurled from a position of pe falei security and ease into utter destitution and helplessness. He urged that the utmost sympathy ought to be extended towards them, and that, in Eending forth their soldiers armed as the ministers of justice and of a righteous attempt to re-establish peaoe and security, they were not seeking the aggrandizement of the British empire; they were not looking to the security of our fellow-countrymen alone, but to the civiliztion of a large portion of tbe habitable globe. (Applause.) He moved a resolution to the effect that the cruel sufferings and ruinous losses which had befallen a large portion of the British residents in India entitled them to the warmest symp.thy of all classes of the community, and this meeting, while it louked to the Government to applv in a liberal spirit the national resources to meet a national calamity-to relieve tbe distresses of our fellow-comntrymen and their families-recognized the earnest duty of individual exertion to provide funds for the relief of the sufferers, many of whome were entirely destitute and dependent upon private charity for the me-e necessaries of life. Mr. Alderman MExm seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. It was then agreed that a subscription should be immodiately commenced. Other resolutions were adopted, appointing a committee and offlocrs for carrying out the objects of the meeting, and requesting the several ministers in the various churches aLnd chapels to promote collections as early as convenient for the fund. The meeting concluded with a vote of thanks to the LORD MAYYOt, who responded, and stated that nearly 300l had already been subscribed. SOUTEAMPTON. t meeting of the inhabitants, convened by the Mayor (Mr. J. White), was held at the Guildba11 yesterday afternoon, to express public sympathy with the sUatierers in India, andto take measures for assistig the fund now raising for the relief of those in d istress. 't'hore ws a3 very iBnfleital attendance, comprnsiDg Mr. T. bL Wegneliu M.P. for the borough; Generals Dsce and CApon, of tho Ron. EAst India Couipau)'- service ; Captain Kamsay, Admiralty Superintendent of Packets at this port; Cantain Tinling, R.N.; RevsO T. AdkiNs, C. Beckford, EL Stewart, W. H. Wolseley, A. M'Laren, S. S. Pugh, G; Lucaa, W. Roberts, &c. ; ir. G. Atherley, J.P.; mx.R. Pearce, J.P. ; Mdr. J. R. CroRkey, and xelveral of the leading nnerchLuts and tradesmen of *bs town. Letters were read from the Captain of the Melampt frigate, stationed in teouthaipton Water, smauuncing tho intention of the officers fnd crw of that ve,ee r to gubcrib, a day's paY to the ftitd-aln example wrhich, they hopedi would be followed by other large bodies of men; from the directors of the Hampshire Bank, who had voted a contri. bution of 251. ; and from four or five gentlepa en. oncl ceceks for fire guineas each; also from Ar .B ieclstte,*dbllshde,to ts rtegreutin his Bec,oeof the members for ot at,rgetn i inabilty to lbe p resent. The eAYoR britefly opened the proceedings, rernarkt t that he had osntidered it to be his duty to convoke tha6 meeting, to give his fellow-townsmnen an opportuLnity of eviotcig their warmegt sympathies with their heroin and suferaing friends in India. Thener, T. ADKONS moved the first reaolution buThit this meeting of the lobhbttanty of Southampiou and ioe neighboubhood having read witt feelkn of the deepest pbborulo and indipatlon the hsrereodig of Of the rhtlstrotil perpetrated by the revolted Sepoy of Itdins uome ruahe men, Cde. ftecele women, and belploes o0dren, whom It was their duty to pH r tect b warboly pathkz with their felow.comatremen in the ,axt In their preent grevous bufferino and dIes, and ar plased to see the energettc moeenuree talen by the Government for the surppesehon or the rebeion a the gerosubllshaent of Bdle suPtsw throtugh. out our Indian empire.' GeneraeltCAroN seconded the reolution, which waa ported by M1r. WIrGuELLv. M.P. Ile said, deprecatingj our prsnt limited state of knowledge, the idea of att- . buting this dismtrous mutiny to any one particular cause, he could not but think that twro great and powerful oppo sing principles, the progress of civilization and Christaity on the one hand, and the debasng and degrlding systemt beathenism on tho other, had lonog obeen at work, and that therefore in the very nLture of things some such confiicb must at some time or other necearily happen. He warimly sympatbized with our suffering countrymene in india, ancl felt assured that the people of Southampton, at whieh pore Many of the sufferers would be landed, would :in that ooca, byon manifest the generondshearted liberality vrhich ha a, log distinguished them. The resolution was Carried unanimously. Mr. T. F,Lvxy moved the second resolution T"~is this meetlug desires mest rPespcfully to tender toth a of these whoe saiet p ins have bmnd murdted wih poat atrocd treowhory, aud whose pu ad belmoed doaghters d their innoeBt intants hare peIhebdamid unspeahle reseiee, th hsunce of the deepst mathWY with sorws thaon nan be relevel only by the God of &II consolation, to whos tender mercies the), deO,j solemnly and affe-tionstelY 0 n bmmit hrem.u j The speolu-er observed that thb present wLs not the time to discuss the probable causes of thoemutiny, or the mode by which we bad goverind Indin Their duty now waBsa semple one,-first, to upport the Govemment blev- eams pof bl in their exertion topttdown thisae in n- and,mnext, to asist the sufferers by their contribut ions ani sympapthies d On these points the mind of the British pablie was thoroughly made up, and the peoPle of Southampton ieeded no word of his to incite thrm to do their duty. The Rev. A. M'LutRM in seoding the resolution, sid he was not there to advocat the adoption of any blind eystem of savage vengeance, but retributive justice must be meted out to the miscreants who had iicted on the innocent reoniand daughtersof England those unheard-of atrocities which ware being bunt into the inemories of Britisx people at home. Neithier gray hairs nor the earliest blossoms of infmnecyi ad been spared by theee inhuLmain rautineers; and, wh of it should be shown that Briti hearts inberited none of their brmtalsirit, at the same tima, the wbole world ought to see that the shield of E*glandt would always protect her children whereve they might beo placed, and that the arm of Britain was strong enougl to punish those who didthem U eh cruel wrong. This w aap subject that would not bear talking about. Deed-tnot words, must mark their feedlngs and their symPcthies. At this Cstiagof the proceedings a telegraphic message just received from London, descriptive of the frightfuc . mauacares at Csenpore, was handed in to the Mayor, andi read to the meeting by Mra alvey, creatiug a Profound sencetion by its narration of unparalleled atrocities. TheRev.Mr. HAY(ofth e ericn Board of Missions ofr the Presbyterian denomination, who, with his wife and two. children escaped from Alpahabad, and arrived at Souxthermpton a few days since in the Ripen steaimer, from Alexan ria was then introcaoed to the meeting. He told the meeting that he really felt bercould say little On that cculason, and had he consulted his own feelings he would have preferred to remain silent. What could he say that would stir Christiat and English hearts like that whieh they ad ajustheard? Hek new the ladytreferred toiin thatiem munication as having escaped, Mrhs Greenway. Withl her three eons she was lIv'ng in a state of greab affluence at oawnpore b wnha sufferings had shde been thus suddenly catled on to endurenvaBefore h& (Mr. Hay) left Ailaeabad he heard of one of her eons being cut to pieces. and now not one of them was alive. He would, however, say anword in reference to the accumulxted sufferings of thosem ho were stiU alive, ad which hed could not be alleviated till they hAd altogether escaped from. the country. He had seen men heretofore enjoYing salaries of 20,000 rupees without a shirt on, broiling under a July run, at work, fored bon them by these inhumah mutine rin A rich merchant Called on him At his house just before the mutin37 broke out at AUlls.haad, anud told him his determination to fight to the last. Five days afterwards he sah that merchawnts wife wandering about with a broken arm, and nothing but a piece of cloth thrown over her. Thui house h dbeean hset onfir s by the mnttineers and everything ; and when he left the lady was lying in a tent,gn subsisting only onL what wan_ given her by her friends. This was but a type of thesuafferings nowbeing endurecdin India, of whichhenee not enter into particulrs.t They could imagine nothing inr the shape of blsckness, darkness, and internal cruelty thatr ed niot been perpethrted, and would continue to be perpetrated til ritish bayonets put down this mutinY. His benlp object in rising, howeve was to take that opportunity o1 expreisog gratitude for the sympathetic kindness that had been shown. A. heavy debt of gratitude was due to Df. Leckie, Dr. Webb, and other officils in India for their conduct. As an American he would say that, notwithstanding the aults they hasd Committed, he should always cherish for the Government of India every wish and desire that. they mg ht succeed in effctualy spprding this mutiny. They had been a constant protection to the Christiarn missions, and under that prottion they had gone about ever.T whege feeling secur. His own Government and the Board of missions with which he was oninected fully shared the feeling of Great Britaitn that this mutiny oust be pur down, In conclusion, he again expressed the than ofp himself and Board for the asistance they had alwaYs received from the British in India. The resolution having been carried, two others followed, -and a commlittee was appoinjted to receive subscriDtiOns. A large sum was raised in the hail, Including,a esides the amounts mentioned Ibove, Mr. J. I. Croskey, 501. ; Mr. T. hi.weguelin, MfP., 251.; Mr. IL Pearce (banker), 2544; the Mlayor, I Cd. ; Mr. Hombhy, 10 10. ls; and several other gentlemnen 61. Se.each. BRISTOL. The ayo ofBritol Mr.3. inIg) has convened a meetng f th ciizen fo Wedesdy net fr te pur.- poseof akig ito onsderaionthebes mens f proniotng asubsripton i aidof te fud nowben raisea for he elif o th suferrs y te mtiny in Ida LIVERPOOL. The amonnt of moneY in aid of the India Relief Fun collectedinx Liverpool up to yesterday morning was upwardst of 2,4001. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
THE PRI.VCE FREDERrCK WILLIAM SZ'EAl PACKB-. TO TEiE EDITOR OF TEIE TIMES. Sir,-Much confusion and misapprehension having ap. parently arisen relative to the compLsses supphed to the Prince Frederick WiUhm by the builders of that vessel, I trust you will allow me to offer a few remarks in explanation of my letter on that question, and which you did me the honour to insert in your valoable columns of the 10th inst. It v.as cortainly never in my mind, whon I wrote that letter, to bave it inferred that the directors of the Thameeb Iron Shipbuilding Company had themselves knowingly sebstituted an imperfect compass in the vessel for an a^credited instrument; indeed, I stated that I knew nothing of the compasses supplied to the ship, and that I did not think it could be an object writh these entlemen, of whom I really know nuothing, to dose. Should myletter have met with such an interpretation, I am certainly hound in honour to correct it. The history of my letter is a simple one. I saw it announced in The Times that my compass bad been placed in. the ship; at tho same time I was informed that tenders bh the maker of it had been rejeoted by the directors' agents. received maDy communications on the subject, all of which forced me to conclude that the same system was being pursued toward me by the directors' immediate seents a5 that countenanced in former years, and of which I had. great cause to complain. Both my compas and sny method of lightning conductors were adopted into the shbps built br Ur. Mare, to his immediate gain, without any due regard tcr my reputation whatever, as I explained in my former letter. Supposing eSther of these ships had been damaged by hggtning throngh an inefficient application of the disposition of the metals in the masts and hull, or supposing av ship had been wrecked in consequence of the composn having failed, nothing I could have advaen&od would h&av removed from the public mDind the impression which must havc been made, injurious in every way to me. I addressed a letter on this subject not long since to one of the gentlemem deeply interested in the Thames Iron Shipbuilding Company, but no notice whatever was taken of it. Now, E think it will be conceded that in questions rather of a scientific character than commercial acvantage, persons like. myself wbo devote themselves to investigations bensefiac to the public are fairly and mnoraly entitled to much forbearance and consideration on the part of those who seek tS yrfit bv such labours, and I may, perhaps be prrdoned if I felt sonewhat seusitive upon points so greatly affcting my interests and reputation. As it appears, bowever, by Mr. Churchward's letter ii, Tic Times of the 11th inst. that the builders did not really supply the vessel with compasses on my principle, I feeL, myself in candour called on to express my regret at thb. misconception which has arisen in my mind upon this question, and trust that no inferenco untavourable to those who. are resronsible for the n,ansgement of the comrny 5 Concerns will be drawn from anything I may have been led to. say relative to it, as such was oertainly never reAlly cottemplated by me. I was not at home when Mr. Church. ward was so good as to write to me on the subject. I ray, not, perbaps, bave read his letter with sufficient attention,l bnt I concluded from it that Messrs. Lilley had been directed to furnish a compass for the vessel on my principle. llr. Lilley, on the other hand, stated that be had never b(en called on to do so, and that the compasses in the ship under my name were not made by him. 1 remain, Sir, your very obliged and obpdlent ea,4 11 QT^ .* ..' - - - -, --nLim, li, Windsor-villas? Plyraouth, Se --- i? Pt.
k-MMY-M.AF.YM and OX-TYM TNLLIGB.YOB. Wednesday Evening. The funds opened heavily thia morning at the 1ower quotations of yeaterday evening, but were alightly le.s weak at the end of the day. The first transactions in Consols for money were at 90 to J, asnd they left off at 90t to J for money and 90 to i for the account. After regular hours there was a -further recovery of an eighth. The details from India seemed to confirm the favourable feeling of the public vith regard to the intelligence received -on Monday by telegraph, and the general heaviness of the stock-market is to be attributed to the financial uneasineBa at Paris, Vienna, and otber places on the Continent, coupled 'with the fact that moat of our Australian gold is taken for exportation imnediately on its arrival. It appears that the improbable rumour circulated yesterday of Agra having fallen into the hands of the mutineers is -explained by the circumstance of that place having lbeen confounded with Arrah, or Ahar, wbere about a humdred or more British troops are said to have fallen into an ambuscade and been destroyed. India Stock closed at 210 to 213; Indis bonds, 23s. to 17s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 7s. to 3s. discount. The foreign stock-market has been quiet, the Frincipal feature being a renewed decline in Turkish. Mexican has also receded. Dutch Two-and-a-Ralf per Cents. were negotiated at G4g; ditto, Four per (Cent. Certificates, 100; Mexican, 21* i, g, and i; Portuguese, 45-j; Sardinian, for the account, 9U; Spanish, 40i ; ditto, Deferred, 25i; Turkish Six per Cents., 94i and ; and for the account, 95 and 94. The corn-market this morming was heavy at the rcates of Moladay. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening w. re 66f. 60c. for money and 66f. 60c. for the end of the month, showing no alteration. At Vienna -there has been a frelh decline of a half per cent. The Surmmer Cloud has arrived from Australia with 2,522 ounces of gold, valued at 10,0881. Further advices from New York may be expected to-morrow by the North Star. Their interest to the 33ritish public will be simply a matter of about 10,000,0001. sterling-tbatis to say, somethingequal to the utmost cost apprehended from the Indian insorrection. The two last mails have brought news of an sverage fall of 30 per cent. in the most promi lent Amezican securities, and, assuming the total held on this side to be about 80,000,0001. sterling, which is probably much below the true amount, our nominal loss ha4 already in the course of ten days reached 24,000,0001.,-a sum which etill inadequately represents the real mischief, since, whien the preaent panic commenced the market was already suffering from a year or two of almost uninterrupted depression. ln such a state of things further violent fuctuations must be expected, and a 'recovery of 10 or 15 per cent., or a further fall to -that extent, may therefore be considered probable. According to the representations of the organized party who were pledged to bring about a hopeless convulsion, the occurrences at the last date were ;merely a commencement. The railway interest had been crushed; but the banks, on the whole, still stood their ground. So long as this was the case the break-np would be far from complete, and the .energies of the gentlemen who seem to be allowed to control the New York 2taxcbange, and to rejoice in that interpretation of liberty which allows every man to attack his neighbour's pro-perty, had consequently to be exercised in a new direction. The results cannot be long in doubt. Nothing is easier than to ruin a bank, and in England, in consequence of thisfacility, such attempts are classed with the worst offences. At this moment two persons are lying in Newgate for endeavouring indirectly in a partioularcase toexcitepubliedistrust, and, although one of them was a man of respectability, who acted upon a fancy that he had been personally injured, no one has been -found to utter a complaint of the severity of the sentence. In New York on this point there is perfect freedom.. Hence no institution is spared, and, Indeed, the leading concerns are the first to be attacked, since if these can be broken the nmnor ones are sure to follow. Thus at the last date the :Tew York Life and Trust Company, which has bitherto stood among the first establishments in the United States, appears to have been openly pointed at as holding a large mass of questionable securities, 'while the Bank of Commerce, also a well known corporation, was coupled with it as another weak concern. The Bank of New York was also included. At the beginning of the present year the stock of all these undertakings was regarded with the highest favour. Since that date the commercial position of the country has been wonderfully strengthened by -continued immigration, an abundant har-est, and a total absence of all courage for speculation. Can it be that they were then altogether unsound, notwithstanding the general confidence reposed in them, or that they have gone madly to ruin in the few subsequent months? Each supposition seems alike incredible, yet against these banks and a number of others the speculators have apparently resolved to try their strength. Their fate will, perhaps, test whether there is at New York any amount of cominercialindependence that can assert itselfand defend the institutions which havehitherto been represented to have the full countenance of the respectable classes, or whether it is for the future to be proclaimed that the operators now prominently on the scene are those who really command the financial destinies of the country. In that case any one who may make investments in America will do so -with bis eyes open, and must be supposed to have inclinations such as would prompt a person to take up his residence in a town liable to be sacked by the first band that may get up a riot or a conflagration. The hope, however, is that affairs have not yet come to this pass, that the power of those whose skill In acquiring fortune consists only in their ability to create an impression that their countrymen are incapable of carrying on a singie hoilest enterprise may prove to have a lirnit, and that those institutions, whether banks or railways, which may pass through or recover from the present crisis will gain increased stability, and prize it in proportion to the peril to w'nich they have been exposed. La Plata West India steamer to-morrow will take out 12,7931. gold and 10,0001. silver. The large amount of Mexican dollars brought by the early packet this month has been sold at Old., being a decline of id. per oz. Tho bar silver by the Atrato also has been disposed of at Olid., ahowing no alteration. It is stated that the Government have to-day concluded an arrangement with the New Zealand and AustralianDMall Steam Company for entering into a contract for a mail service between various points of New Zealand and Australia, aud that the first steamers wiU be sent out to take up their respective stations as soon as they can be equipped. The meeting of Venezuela:i bondholders has been postponed to Wednesday, the 23d, Tuesday, which was previously fixed, having been objected to as an inconvenient day. With regard to the continental traffic arrangements of the South-Eastern Railway a correapoiident makes the following statement:- "As me 2mes very justly lont its weight to thecomla'nts made lst sear of the insiffcle ,oy ef the aczommo. ion ronded at Polkestone for theincsasilg continental traffic, it is only eqortble now that it shonld reader justice in tha arrangement r to th excenent gruemeniti reetl oop ze b h South-Eastern Railway Co"pany at that port. I ws there last week anid wa.s much struck by the completeness of the 'sew buildinags, lad their fitners for the purposes for which they are designed. There are baggage warehouses,watn and refreshment rooms, andr a e ous , waiting convenient, all en suite, end in imomediate coimumnication with the st%amboat wbarf and rsNilway station, Biesides the daily tidal srvce each way between London and :Paris the S~Outh-Eastern Company have 1put on extra boa6ts between Folkesicne end Boulogne,ante rnhoren -Oomg! exr nfaAtmins bet;nam bBnOYrnchNothern -Coi ~ xtrafas trans etwen Bonlogue and Paris, affor g considerbly incressed facilities to taveUer This course contrasts favourably with the viseser pli wvhich the tida) service was withdrawn during a portion of the past 'winter; and, although it cannot be exper,ted that the scervice should be organzed on exactly the same feotina daring the winter m the summer months, tbere is every rea, son to hope it rmay be taken as an earnest that the tidal trains will not be Interrupted in future, and that the com. ponies will, for their own permanent advantage, as 'well as tbat of the public, aontinue to avail themselves of the pri. rileges so libemlly gtrnted by the Board of Customs, and .carry on from month to month, amd year to year, in one un- broken line, an international servioe, which is in reality a bridge between our island and the continent." - A notice was this day posted in the Stock-Exchange that the Great Northern Railway Board has eolved- "That henceforth deeds of trander will be allowed to be reatered for any amount mot less tbhn IOL of any of thos cempny's stocks, sad that all trnsfers outstanding at this date wll be rigiered irrepective of amount," LomoN Gm nui OMmis ComrA".--Trafflc teeipte for th week ending Sept, 12, 10, MI 6s, lld,
RAILWAY AND MINING SHARBS. Wednesdy XTmnng. The railway-market shows no recovery from the late fall, and in some descriptions a further decline has taken place, especially in Great Western, LXondon and Brighton, Berwick, North Staffordshire, and South-Eastern. In foreign a slight reduction occurred in Dutch Rhenish Great Luxembourg, and Pernambuco; and Soathern of lFrance and Western and North-Western improved. There -was no variation in the closing priees of East Indian shares, but the transantions in them show an upward tendency. In mines, the only important fluctuation was an advance in East Bast. In miscellaneous securities, London Discount and National Discount receded, and London General Omnibus were fractionally higher. There was no alteration in joint-stock banks.
TBADE REPORT. Wednesday Evening. TULow.-The Market has been much depressed to-day we do not hear of a single trasation for this month. The quotation is nominal at 6.;- for lsat thriee onths fiSs. 6d. is being 7cceted, closing fiat thereat. SUGA.R.- 'here continues to be a very goodl demand, and in the Wes India market a large business has again been done--viz., 1,415 hhds.,at stiff prices. Nearly the whole at and after sale of 250 bbds. Cuba muscovado were disposed of at 43d. to 48s., and 5,889 bag brown Pernamb39co were withdrawn at 43si 6d. to 44s. Gd. per ewt. A floating cargo of 478 cases 1,000 bags brown Bai Is reported at 30g. 3d. per owt. CoFFxi. -There was a. dull market to-day, andl the 118 casksl plantation Ceylon at auction were chiefly taken in at 74s. to75s. for fine fine ordinary to low mniddling. Ric&-A floaLting cargo of Necrannie has been sold at lls. 71Ad. per cwt,, which shows a slight adv.-mce on the last transaction. On the spot the busines Is limited to a few parcels Bengal at uls. 6s. to lus. 9d. per cwt. SA.LTvERF'nx-'here is a moderate business doing, on the spot, and for arrival parcels are inquired for at SOs. per owt. Cocrniz;An-168 bags, chiefly Hlondura, sold at id. to 2d.perlb.derertha th lst aleofthat descrIption ; 112
ALrZWAY INTELIGXNOA. OALTYWTAAN The half-yearly meeting of this company was heldanTnes. day in Glasgow, Mr. W. Johnston, chairman of the colax pa ny presiding. The report, which has appeared in Thc Timne, was held as read. The CHArRAs. oongratulated the shareholders on the increased traffic for the past half-year, duing whlch although the worst half, the traflio had been nearly equal to the preceding half, a-d very considerably in advance of the cotresponding half of S5. He was happy, at the same time, tostate thatthe working expenssmwere also diminised during this half.year, both as compared with the halt nmmediately preceding and the corresponding balf in 186. They might even have been less, but the directors were anxious to keep both the plant and the way in a verv efficient state, and a-oordingly some two or three thousands had been expended extn on plant, and a similar sum extra on the maintenance of way. The working expenses were now 401. 16 4d. per cent., and tha directors would take especial care to reduoo this as mrch as posible, as they were moet anxious both for the-increase of the traffic and using every means for the purpose of diminishing the expenses. An arrangement bad beenmade with theEdinburghandGlusgowCompanybywhicLh thetwocompanieswouldhavea jointpurse. Thedirectors referredto gr. Henry Houldsworth of Mseheeter,asto the prcentage each should receive out of that joint purse Ingiving his award, Mr. Houldswo-th arranged that an equal rate o working expenses should be fixed, to save disputes between the companes. Mr. Houldsworth accordingly had fixed 41. per cent, as the rate of working expenses on both linee to te deductedl from the traffic of both companios. Tbe resnlt of this would be tbat, suppodig the working cost the C - donian Company 42 per cent., they would be losers, because the extra 1 per cent. would be expended, and no division on it got, whereas if it cost under41 ercent, therewonuldbeadecided gain. Well, the Caledonmn Company had been able to work below 41 per oent., and might have been further down had the directors notthoughtit better to do the workin a liberal spiritand make thearngements as complete as possible. Should it turn out afterwards that the rate was not profitable, they had the remedy in their own hands, as they had only to appeal to the arbiter in September next, when he would fix an additional rate, if persuded the Caledonian Company were entitled to it. Should the Edinburgh and Glasgow Company be able tovork at a lesa rate of wrorking expenses than the Caledonlan Company, he was also entitled to take that into consideration, so that if any losw arose it woulcd only continue tiU September next, when this would be corrected by the same arbiter as before, if still -alive. The Caledonian Company had also entered into an arrangement with the Scottish Central Companv on theAume princple. The directors were extremely anxioa to avoid alunnessary competition, and had ever been so since the beginning, their only intention being to get a good dividend in a fair and legitimate way, and avoid all disputes, if they possibly eould. With this view the arrangement with the Scottish Central had been made exactly on the same principle as that with the Edinburgh and Glasgow tbeir quota being likewise fixed at 41 per cent. forthe working ex. penses. With regard to the latter Arrangement, there had neen very little experience of the Scottish Central Company in coDnexon with it, as it only began on the Ist of August; but should it-not turz out xatisfactory tbore was the same remedy as in the other case, bein entitled next September o Bet matters readjusted by the arblter, if necessary. The directors were exceedingly anxious to have z reserve fund, though not to any large amount. During the corresponding hslf -year of 1856 they hda colHers' strike and some other things, that cut down the traffic and increased the worldne expenses, and, ewing tothatunfortunatecontingency, div dend of 1 per cent, was all that could be paid. The directors regretted that exceedingly, and if they had hd a contingent fund they would probably have been able to pay a dividend of 2 per cent., and thus prevented people who required to Ihve on their dividends from being so much oppressed as they were at that p od. On the present occasion they bad a sum of 9,000 aver, nd they were anxious the shareholders should give them that sum to begin the fund with. Some people seemed to think the directors did not wish to declare a dividend above 3.1 per cent, until they had secured this contingent find, but they had no such Intention. They did not wish this fond to go beyond 25,0001. or 30,000L, and, supposing 5 per cent. and a few thouads over were realized next half year, they would most cheer. fully pay the 5 -er cent., and ask the shareholders to give them the two or three thousands over to meet any contingencyvthatmigit ariseandkenpthedividendseqaaL Sappoe. inganlinundation were to come andrunaway withpart ofte railway, or some of the timber bridges to be injured, extra repairs would be required, an extra charge would come upon the revenue, and the dividends would be cut down, whereas a contingent fund would enable them to keep up the divi. dends at their legitimate rate. He then explatned that the outlay of 34,0001. on capltel account during the half-year wvas necessary for she development of the traffic and the completion of certain works, and concuded by moving the adoption of the report, and the declaration of a dividend at the rate of 3e per cent, on the ordinar stock of the ooaapang. ,NIr. T. SALELn, Deputy Chairman, seconded the niotion. xrr. CoLqluov. moved as an amendment that it should be rendered imperative on the directors not to employ the servants of the company on Sundays, so far as this was in their power. Mr. AcTro seconded the motion. The CQErARNU said that every means were already adopted to discourage Sunday traffic as much as possible. On * show of hands being taken the chairman's motion was carried by a large majority. On the motion of the CHramLuA, It was unanimously agreed that Mr. Salkeld, Mr. Mb'icking, and Mr. Prioe should be re-elected directors. On the motion of Mr. COLQvHOUN-, Mr. John Pleming, accountant in Glasgow, ws appointed auditor, in the room of Mir. Eeadmnan. The CauEArXA moved a resolution relative to the Llsma. haow Railway, which was passed, to the effect that the balance of 1,2031. at the 31st of July last be applied towards paymcnt of the 5 per cent. due to the preference share nolders, and authorldng the directors to is5ue certain preference and ordnlary shares stllU unsubocribed for, and to exercise their borrowing powers. The directors were aso authorized to take such steps M they may deem eeiet with reference to the proposed Carlise and HaiakUway. On the motion of the CHArRmAN, It was unanimously agred to give authority to create the share capital of 60,0001& necessary for the construction of the new liue from the HaymarketStation, Edinburgh, to Granton Pier. The proceedings then terminated. CHESTER AND HOLYHEAD, The report of the directors of this company states that the grass receipts of the railway during the past half-year exceed those for the corresponding period of the previous year by 4,4311. The amount available for dividend is 20,9201. as compared with 28.029,' at the corresponding riod of 186 Out of the 29,9201. the directors have paid 5271. to the London and North-Western Railway Company the interest on advanass, and recommend the declaration of a dividend at the rate of 51 per cent per annum on the first preference stock, and a payment of 6,3771. on account of arrears of dividend on the second preference stock at 5 per cent. per annum to the 31st of March, 1856, leaving a balance of 6901. Payment of the dividends will be deferred for the present, bht the warrants will be sent out so soon as the receipts have accoumulated to a sufficient amount to meet the demand, b whih course thenecessity for advances wiU be obvted It will be seen that the revenue of the company, during the least profitabile portion of the year, is sufficient to meet the current dividend on the preference stock issued, and to pay the interest on advances. The arrears of dividend on the second preference stock, from 1st of April, 1856, which wil remain after payment of the above dividend, amount to 16,2801,, which it is hoped will be cleared off by the receipts of the current half-year; after which the revenue of the company, exclusive of any increase would be more than sufficient to insure the regular payment of the dividends in future on both preference stocks. The capital account showed that 4,304,761i. had been received, and 4,338,9631 expended, leaving a balance aglinst the company of 34,'011, The revenue account showed that 114,749,; had been received on the railway dumi^g the hall-year ending the 30th of June last, and ,5371. expended, leang abalance of 57,212L The receipts for the steamboats amounted to 25,1681., and the expenes,incudig 5646. fr Isurnceand depreciation, amounted to 24,2g331. 6le6avin°g 93n51.tat over. reiai EDINBHUR PERTH, AND DUNDEE. The report of the directors of this company states that, in consequence of the abandonment of the joint working agreement by the Scottish Central Iailway on the 30th of April, the revenue and espenditure for the slx months are presented in three separate accounts. Of the three months' loint gross revenue, amounting to 75,33i., this company was entitled to 42,0141. less tollage payable to the Scottish Central Company of 9291-41,0S5t To this was added 15,5471., proportion of joint revenue for the month of May (less tollage), and 33,2971 revenue for the lst two months, making together89,9291. a thegrossreceiptsforsixmonths. The working expenditure amounted in the aggregate to 50,3771., leaving a balance of 39,5521. To this was added 5,2371. from the last account, making 44,7891. The revenue for the corresponding period of 1856 Amounted to 85,9591, and the expenditure to 44,1161.. showing an increase of 3,9711. in the reoelpts, and of 6,261i. in the expenditure, thus reducing the net revenne to 39,551L as Ag^ainst 41,84- at the corresponding peri d of 1866. The tuwe -oonts' joint workingexnasrolsdtobr vation from their excessive amount. In contrAsting them with the subsequent three months' account incurred under the company`s own management it should be notioed that the latter contains taxation,pier and shoreduee, and certain general cbarges applioable to the whole six months, which vere excepted from th Iiointworking as secal burdens tobe borae by the company. Excluding these, fo which no correspondine items occur in the joint account, the actual working expenses of the last three rnonths will be found to be 19,4491., or less by 5,8521 than those of the first three months of the balf-year. Compared with the joint working expenses of the corresponding hAlf-year of 1856, the joint working expenses of last hef-year show an excess of 1A6641. upon the quarter, or at the rate of 46,6581. a-year, while they equal o918 per cent. of -the gros recelpts against 42-28 per oent,, the ratio of the expenditure to receipts In 18i6. 6,., or 57 per cent. of that excess, falls upon thls company, being a heavy extra chae upon the revenue of a smgle quxiter. The directora were enabled from the first yess trial of the joint working to demonstrate that the actnal ascertained expenditure on this company's line and plant had falien considerably ahort of the amount which had beencalculated upon in fixing the principles and basis of the working agrerment; wbile precisely the reverse bad been the case as regards the expenditure on the line and rant of the Scottish CentraL The present account shows rwthile the three months expenditure ascertained to have been actually incurred on the Edinburgh and Dumdee line amounted to 23,6591., and on that of the Scottish Cen- tral io 20,6741., by the working agreement the joint expenditure for the same period was apportioned 25,301v. to the Edinburgh and Dundee, and 19,287l. to the Scottish Central. Tbe sum expended on the company'srolling stock In the s thee monthasmounted to3,9571., a7d thatof theScottshtCentral to 4,4901, Pi the entIre 15 xnon'hs of the joint 'working, during which the rollng stock of both compnie wa under the charpg o the locomotive superintendent of the Scottish Centra,the pnditure under th sanie head had amoanted on thx oompanys plant to 14,7101., and that of the Soottish Central to 16,9911.; whereas on the 15 months preoeding the agreement the expenditure on the same acconnt Amounted on the plant of this company to 17,3491., and on that of the Soottish Central to 12,050L Excluding interest and nisceLneous recelpts, the grow revenue for the helf. year amounts to 87,700L, being 2,700L sand 9,20 U. above that of the oorresponding periods of 1856 and 1855 respectively. Of the firt-claes debentures fully tlreo-f ourthi, or about 630,0001, havebeen renowed for periods vArying from one to five years, at rtes not exceeding 4j per cent. per annum. It has been propo3ed that tho ordinAry creditors, holders of the second-class debentures, should renew them for threo years at 4A per cen, per annum, and it is hoped that the offer wll meet with general acceptance. The directors recommend that s opportunities ocur the wh1ole of the ieoond-class debenture debt should be replaed by debenture stock bearing a fixed rate of interest. The disposable revenue amounts to 44.7891, out ot which is dedueted 18,0741. Interest on the fint-classdebentures; 7,1974 ,nterest oL the seoond-cla debentures 1,9541. dividend on Grinton preference stock; and 10,930I on the 61 preferenoe stock, at the gnarsuteed rate of 4er cent. per annum, leavIng a surplus of 6,6331. Oat of 4 the directors r commend the payment of a dividend on the ordinary stock ote company at the rate of 1 per cent, per annum, which will abeorb 6.276L. and leave 3571. The Capital account shows that 8302,4. had been received and 3,300,2301 expended, leaving a balance of 2,2041. TRrIDAD. It Appears that the project for lAying down railways In Trinidad is attrting some attention there. The Government committee appointed to examine the oetimates and calculations of the Trinidad Railway Company have not yet made their report. The shars reserved for the colony, it Is stated, hAve been tken up by reddeate in Tridad TRAIFIC RET1RNB. mlea p- m- Tota To*ta B3allwins. Ope. sens landis% 187. 1W6. Wek gkatg& . 4t - . A. A. 3oyaXi 5- '' 693 80 Week ec".8pt. S." Edlnberse and Gli4ow 143 , - . - L,40. 6,150 sh ct ,. 115 .3 - - 3,8u 3,691 I ,Is - epyn.t so 9 *? 72 WoestDeve, . N. - - ,t 0 .. Week edin Se12. B. olt as & - n - - . - t 07 7,000 00kAszdZ"0 ID - - 36 O3ek o .. .. ,..-.. - - . .. 343S BelfatoBd lnms.. 65 .. - ., - ,. 1,S05 93 Waterford and 1lken 3 1 3 - - , 473 .. 3 Week ending Sept.13. No,h London :. ., 9.. - .. - . . ,67.. ,440 Rendai and Windernere - . 314 . 54 36s 318 Great Luxembourg.. 38 . - - 1033 8 Ot. 3etlx .'u , ., . - ..- ..- .. ,0 ". 1,500 Londo and Xottdh-Wegte 637 . - - 6g,156 . 65375 Groat Westen .. 46-4. -.- - ..32.80 . 32,774 lmdonandSouth-w - ., 12,715.. 4,037.. 16772 "A18,S4O Relfatand County Down - - - 0 30e * Teabov nexlsv otfftoaduete u'mdce i~ with she Londo. and FoRth.'Wstr awAY CompanY.
THE CORAY TBAEx. Ths mIppt1 of aGAu DNL'r Sur.r 16. Th sppy f U omipios f mm gal4 a. t__ I Zna?kat ig lmL edeto, with teWsto, thioh a very Aquvmf, She wrheat wade thofd Is eieand Almd Amd pr=ena ue ~smc1e1 mSnta&ns Whs a4naaoe of last Moay* butt thero is not very 3~ I~lPPU55. mataz Belrs 1ery mnhigh Drloeo. 35asqBiIleulawek ASULVArLL HULL, sr"'. 15. The wather thls week bu been ucEettlea, nd falrUmPl srot been able to complete their barTeet opertions.L North of the T,e0ed fuly one-haItfofthe crop icrePOrted tobe stWi n thae eldi. Aroountj t55j- Ung the potato crop continue to be dicouragig, d s of foreigu wheat hsvo been Irger this weok than for somo Hamburg and the lower Dorts, Thewboat trade daring the week hs5 beeu rather nner for go.d dry samves, and at moee of the count marketa an advance o: is. to Is. eurcarter has been establibed. oFoeign wbeat is not any dearer, but late rates re ellU maintaind, with a freer arte. At oda~e arkt terewa¶a fir uppyofnew wheat, whIch sold slowly at baely lat weekh rtste Old rcoreign upp Dorted ht wek'e cur vee, while new Isle. per quarter lowoer. Berler for maltlng met wf th mor baIluy, utgrinding conebaned slowr, although not quctably lre.Dssann peaa ecree, and late rates full1 maintalno2, Oats Thefollowing'are the curent quottons :-Rngllsh whet, old wrhite, tots.o 65s.rquaroer ; old ed. 60s. to Qls; new white, 60a eto6 6s sew red, 64s. to 62a.; Danter Konigsberg, &c.ol.dwhi G2s. to s.- 3altle and Hamburgk red. Me. to GOs.; owe Me and"e o lslnd, 4t. to 46g , Danish and Hol5tei SX t MLe. Petersburg and RIg. e to 55.; Ehglish malting ba a 4'le at to cV * grinding rste o tlls. Oel ad Sit 1hleclan,e hfr, tod r4te. Hoalteinan DaIsh 16.,n tor reT. foreign grindlng, lie, to lie.; old brieans, 7.. l.'fe 423 . ston foreg patesa, 41. to 48s. perQ qurh}ter; lad eedn tea re 50..p tobe.. fottroei rbindng *re,r t 36s . ndian e. lime, to metsan feeingDr b hewe , 61.. tO to GI.cuhig 56..Pe tOn ;s lnseetd c6ket (Hul),£10lie to£10ITs 6&.; oregn,M ls.to 49;. frael caks, £6to£65s ;hones,£6 10.. o £8 to DIJBIINL, Serr. IS. At this m ornng's sot marWet thEr ver. ited show of new whneat,which met a stead, sale at her3 c.errates hof belast week. Oldsotmuh Iquiedfor ad rtesunlteed.Insprngcoo very liol doing, nd nol chxang I pprices.h usedso FdF At the cattle-marf Inte}dy terned wsol a briktrade in beast and rle;p~ othelatter of h were Ird ther deaier Lmblsdrb also met an actve ale Pis dll.Bef. e. o I. G, prstone; riauLton, Gd. to DUBLI?r, Skr'r. 15:' There was a good supply 01 new grain at market to-day thie conditIon, prtcu1-riy of wheak was general inferfor. The best quaintes ofw-heat and oxts baxely supported th currencies of Friday anid many ssmples of infericor remained unsold. The beat qualites of barley were 2ather dearer. Indian corn extremely dai,4 without change in nrlce.
THE IrBsT LOCOMOT1YE.B TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Jn your interesting sketch of the life of George Stephenson in The Tima7 of the 9th inst., while narrating the progress he was making, and the encouragement he received during the earlier years of his locomotive efforts, you rsy that the Stockton and Darlington Railway was the nirst public highway of the kind which was opened for traffic in ngland. As to passenger traffic yon may be right; but it is due not only to George Stephenson, bhut also to the enterprising character of the late venerable Duke of Portland, to state that his Grace had a locomotiveof the Killingworth mal-eplaced on the KUmarnock and Troon Rillway here in the year 1817 or 1818, for the purpose of conveying coals from his Grace's collieries to Troon harbour. This engine worked for a considerable time, but was diseontinued, chie'y in consequence of the cast-iron tram-rails having been found too weak for its weight-ralleaole or wrought-iron rails not having then come into use for public railways. Doubtless it wr- in some degree the experience gained here tbat camsed Stephenson to recommend wrought iron for the Darllngton lme. I am. l-ours. k4. y. lilImatock, Sept. 14.
A ThAvvts' Row.- -Considerable excitement prevatled in Exeter on Monday night, in consequence of the arrival of a telegraphic message from Honiton, requeOuig Captain Hamilton, the chief constable of the Devon county police, to send a number of the force immediately to that town, as a riot of a seriousnature had broken out there. It appeared that a man named Bartlett, a "navvy' engaged on the works of the Yeovil and Exeter line, was intoxicated on Saturday night at the White Lion publiehonse, and, through his violent conduct, a great row ensued. - A number of "navnes" and some of the lowest characters of the town assembled outside the publichonee broke the windows, and behaved in a most disorderly and riotous manner. A few members of the county police stationed in the town interfered, and were in the act of taking Bartlett to the "lock-up," wben the mob fell upon the offlcers, broke their heads with stones, and endeavoured to rescue the prisoner. After considerable difflcalty several of the ringleaders were apprehended and confined. The town was in a state of great excitement, which continued until Monday, On that day most of the "navviea" romained away from their work, and having procured some drink they waxed pot-valiant, and when Inspector Timewell and other police. officers were escorting the prisoners from the gaol to the Town-haU they attacked the poliee and attempted to resene the prisoners. They succeeded in getting three of them away, but the others were taken before the magistrAtes and fined. InsRector Timewell was cut severely on the head by ston and some of the other offioers wcte also severely injured. Dnring the hearing before the magistrates tho "navvies" behaved with the greatest effrontery, making loud noises in court, and otherwise interrupting the proceedings. One of them took up a jug of water which the magitrates had ordered to be brought Into court for their refreshment, and drank it off vith the utmost sangfroid. The conouct of the mob was so bad that it was found necessary to telegraph to Exeter for addi. tional pollee strength, and several men were despatehed by express. Tho rioters had armed themselves with large stics, which they brolce off from tho stools in the markethouse;i but it was expected that the appearnce of the chiet coataled anud the additoenral feorrce by wbhich hewas accom- fAdvertisement.}..A' The Garles and their Friends," by F. J. Webb, PriceIts. t4 bd&. witb a Vefeace by mr Stowe Isinow oriends 01 tIefeess and hnmanity in IEngland.2-Xxtraet trom prsaoce by l,Ixe.H. B. St3os.An, Gedition printed in tere pge d andond in ~'eii rr.so ead. Lndo, Ooes B~lIe~e nd o.,arngdoo-hi su~~~~~~~~~get..~~tneog f h
AZLIT4ABY AND NAVAL INTLZGROIU. Our Mata letten to the 11th .metlon the arril in the Bay of Tunis, on the evening of the 31st oY August, of a Frenoh squadron composed of five ships of the lne atd a xteam frigte, which had been suddenly ordered thither from Ajaccio, in Corsica, by a telegraphio depatch, with inxtrUctiona to awxit ulterior erden from Toulou; and it wa reported that Admtal Lord Lyons with the Brltish aquadroir from Gibraltar, and the Groningen, having on board his Royal lHighnes the Price of Orange, acompanied by another Doteh steam frigate, had ben seen steering a oours likewis for Tuni, wheresa Neapolitan steamrfrigatofrom Naples alro arrived on the 3d September. At the moment of the depurture of the Malta mdl the Vgilat acrew steam corvette was signalled from Lord Lyons' Beet. The Ottoman shp of the line Pethie, CapWain Tahi Bey, -iled from Malta for England on the 7th to be fitted wlth steam machinery and propeller, and was to be followed shortly by another new ship of the same cla, and a frigte, for the same object, expectoe from Couatni-. nople. The Greek Government aeam sloop Aphrodea arrived at Ialta from Glsagow and Gibraltar on the 7th, and Idt for the Pirosus on the 10lk, The Russian Goverument crew teamer Abin arrived at Malta from London and Gibraltar onx the 9th, and left for Odess on the same day. The Dake of Cambridge has anounced his intention of paying a viiit to Chatha Gnrison, when he will inspect the 4th, 10th, uth, and 21st companies of Royal Engineers, at Brornpton Barra, under orders to prooeed to India, previously to their embartion. The following ofioera of the Royal Engineers have been ordered to embark with the companies :-Lieutenant-Colonel H. D. Harness, in com. mand of the entire foroe; Captain P. IL Cox, Adjutant; Major L. Nicholson, in command of the 4th company; Captain A. A'Comrt Fisher, in command of the 10th company; Captain C. B. Cemberland, in obmmand of the Ilth company, and Captan G. NeviUe in command of the 21st compauy; Lientenant P. E, B. Beaumont, Lieutenant T. B. Edwards, Lieutenant G. Longley, Ikutensnt P. H. BCratohley, Lieutenant J. P. Magnay, Lieutenant W. B. Gasett, Lleutenabt- Wilson, Lieutenant J. IL H. Maltlard, Lieutenant E. R Fstng, Lentenant C. E. Wynno, Lieutenant G. Swetenham, Lieutenant D. C. Walker, Lieu. tennt J. B. Paterson, IeutenanutW.XRe19, and Lieutenant -Mairne. Captain T. B. Holmes, 43d Light Infanht, has joined hb regiment at the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, for the purpose of taking the command of his depSt Ensign E. Villiers, 43d Regiment, hm also jolned the depot of that corps at Chatharn. Staff AIstant-Sorgeon Walloe has been relieved from duty at Chatham grrison, and ordered to proooed to Dablin for the purpose of joinlng the 9ttla Regiment, ordered to proowd to India. Preparations are eing made at Chatham Dockyard for lxying down a large 91.gun crew teamer, to be named the Atlas, which will be built on the sme slip as that from which the Renown. 91, was recently lunched. The Lord of the Admiralty have al.o given directions to 1ly down P srew steam corvette of 22 guns, to be named the Orpheus, which Will be built on tho #lip reently occupied by the Racoon, 22, screw corvette, It ialso intended to lay down another 91-gum screw steamer as wson as one of the slips at Chatham Dockyard shal be vacant. An Admirlty order has been roeived at Chatham dock. yard for every expedition to be used incompleting the large steam frigato Mersey, 40 guns, now being built at that establishment. This fine frigate will be the longest vessel in the service, and, although only lad down during the oommenceOrnnt of the preent year, she is in such a forward state that she will oe comploted for launching early in the ensuing spring. Hler extreme length will bs 336ft. Gin.; length between perpendiculars, 300ft.; length of keel for tonnage, 264ft. 451n.; extreme breadth, 52ft.; breadth for tonnage, 5ift. 3in; breadth, moulded, 50ft. Sin.; depth of hold, l9ft. lOin.; burden, 3,726 70-94 tons. She is to be fitted with a powerfcl screw, which will be daiven by engines of 1,000-horse power. The Hero, 91, screw steamer, which has been on the stocks at Chatbam dockyard since June, 1854, is now nearly completed, and will be the next Temel launched at Chat. bam. She will be fitted with engines of 600-horse power, and is intended to be taken to Sheernems to be made ready for sea as soon as launched. It was the Wellington, and not the Wellesley, which Wa towed down off Sheerness Dockyard on Monday to be im. mediately commissoned by Captain Moore. The Sepoy guaboat was towed down from her hsrbour moorings yestorday at Sheerness, and taken into the basis to be fitted ready for Immediate active service. A numerous body, composed of the select committee of Woolwich arsenal nd a number of sclentific offcorm of Her ajesty's service, were yesterday assembled in the long _~nge adjoining the Royal Arsenal, Woolwlch, to witnew the progress of some experiments intended to;teet a newly. proposed method of fortification. A temporary fortree had been erected for that purpose, composed of huge quadrangolar blocks of cast Iron, about 4ft. by 2ft. eacb. LIah! one above the other, so as to form a wall about 8ft. high, they were backed up by slabs of granite, weighing about 138 tons each. The attack was carric on at a distanoe of 600 yards from the fortres, the gun-a 68-potnder-being charged with 161b. of powder, a wad, and a solid ball four of Which were of wroughtironandthe remainder of castiron. The siege under the direction of Major Vandeleur and Captain Campbell, in command of some experienced gunners of the Royal tiWlery, was conducted to a most suocessful Inue after a duretion of about three hours. At length the beavy blocks wero found to crack and crumble, one of which wxg lifted from its position and thrown in splinters to the ground. 24 rounds were fired, one-half only taidng effect; the other half were embedded In the mound at the back but no sooner had the elevation of the gun and its ranga been correctly obtsined than shot after shot told with de. strmctive effect. After the 24th round the fortress was pro. nounced utterly untenable. The wrought-iron shot was con. eluded to be inainitely superior for that especial purpose to iron, the latter cracking Into atoms with the concussiotz and solid resistance of the iron slabs, while the former appeared to cling to the surface with more destructive effect, and fell to the ground merely battered. On Tuesday a detachment of the 2d Dragoons, consisting of 2 officers, 3 sergeants, and 29 privates, left Dublin for Belfast, where they wil remain till further orders. By the ame train 3 offieers, 3 sergeants, and 17 privates of the game regiment proceeded to Dundalk, and by the 5 o'clock train 2 officers and 25 rank and file of the 3d Dragoons which had arrived in the course of the day from Newbiidge, left for the Eame destination. In the morning 4 officers and 139 rank and file of the 16th Regiment, marched from their quarters at the Richmond Barracks, and proceeded also to Dundalk by the 8 30 a.m. train. On Tuesday morning 50 privates, volunteers from the 2d' Dragoons to the 7th Hussr, left Dablin by the Calypso, scrw steamer, for Bristol, for the purpose of proceedlng to India. Major Nasmyth, whose brigade was broken up at they Curragh on the 1st inst., hm been appointed Brigade-Major of the 2d Infantry Brigade in Dublin, under the command of MAjor-General Cunyngham. The Jura, not having yet completed her coaling, having to take L1,0 tons on board, is still lying at Queenstown_ Doring the course of the present week seven out of the eleven of the large steam transports which have been char tered by the Government are expected to arrive in Queenstown, tio embark troops for the East Indies, The Coast guard screw steamer Argus arrived at Liverpool yesterday, with Commodore Eden on board. The Admiralty yacht, with Sir Charles Wood, First Lord oftthe Admiralty, on board, ws hourly expected in the ersey yeserday, but had not arrived when our usual parcel left. The Ganges, Captain John Fulford, now at Shernerss, romains over 150 short of her oomplement of able seamen. An Admiralty order has been issued at Sheernes to increase the number of able seamn for service in all the harbour duty ships ln commission at that port. A imilar order has been issued to all the captains commanding ships On. ployed in the Coastguard service. The following appointments were made yosterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant Cuthbert Le Mesurlier, to tho Wellington; Lientenant Thomas I, Ward and Lieutensnt Morgan Singer, to the Excellent; George B. Ncwton, assistant surgeon, to theRoyalAlbert; C. Atchison, assstant surgeon to the Vietory, for Easlar Hospital; F. Park-er and C. B, Jamoes clerks, to the Wellington. MILITIA. The Notftnghamabire Regiment of Militia, botter knowrr as the "Royal Sherwood Foresters," is to assemble at Newark this month for embodiment. An order has been received at the head-quarters of the Dorset County Militia that the staff are to recrait for a number of the regular infantry regiments, ina consequenoe ot which reoriting partles are now actively at work in various parts of the county. The Royal ElthorA Light IrtfAntry, under the cozmmand of Ieutenant-Colonel Lh Murray Prior, is to be embodied at Uxbridge on the lt of October next. This regiment is complete in offloers and men, and 964 of the latter will be each entitled on joining to one guinea bounty and lo-. balance of gratuity. The Royal Flintshiro Regimentof Mlitia are to assemble at Mold on Friday, the 25th inst., for the purpose of undergoing 28 days' training. Lord Mostyn, the Lord leutlenant of Mierionethlhire, haw issued orders that the Merionethehire Rlegiment of Militia shell assemble for tining at Bala on Tuesday next, the 224 inst. The regiment wllt be commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan
LONrDON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 187. In the copious details supplied by the Bombay newspapers there stands out one name so horribly distinct that the mind once possessed with it hardly follows scenes and achievements that at any other time would have engrossed the attention of the whole country. It has been made known to us, not only by previous atrocities, but by repeated rumours, coraing dimly and gloomily, like the forebodings of an old tragic tale. We cannot help giving it precedence, for, whatever the issue of this rebellion, and whatever other prodigies and horrors it may bring forth, the Massacre of Cawnpore and the name of NRsI SAZIB will hold rank among the foulest crimes and the greatest enemies of the human race to the end of the world. It is the crowning atrocity-for it can hardly be aurpassed-of native India, compromising in one deliberate act its pagan and infidel rulers and coquerors. NENA SAnIB had the example and the orders of Delhi for his deed, given two months before. 'lis army of 10,000 men consists of Mussuln -, Mahrattas, and Bengalees, naturally hating oueanother unto death, but now conspiring to break the chains which bind them to order. Such were the authors. The deed is soon told, as far as we yet know it. The small European garrison of Cawnpore, having lost their chief, being outnumbered fifty fold by their besiegers, and encumbered with a number of women and children equal to their own, for the sake of these, surrendered on the solemn promise that their lives should be spared. In spite of this pledge NEI1A SARB slaughtered the -whole ;-that is, 88 officers, 190 of Han MAJE8TY's 84th Foot, 70 ladies, 120 women and children of HER MaJEsTs 32d Foot, and the whole European and Christian population of the place, including civilians, merchants, shopkeeper, engineers, pensioners, and their families, to the number of about 400 persons. This massacre is wholly distinct from that of the fugitives whom he intercepted on their way down the Ganges; so, as the above enumeration amounts to 868 persons, there can be little doubt that Niw.& SAIm has put to death in cold blood one thousand Europeas and Christians. Such an event is almost incredible in the 19th century, and with British gentlemen and ladies forming so large a part of the victims. It must be added, though we would willingly suppress it, that the fiend kept a considerable nunber of the ladies and children in his own quarters for the fortnight that intervened between the general massacre and the arrival of General ThVI;IocK, when they were murdered with all those additional cruelties and mockeries that appear to form the staple of the Hindoo imagination. From this horrid scene it is a relief to look anywhere else, though everywhere it is an arduous and still perilous struggle. Yet one may feel justly proud of one's countrymen as one glances first at the forced marches and successive victories of General IIAVELOCO and his invincible band under a sun which even the Sepoy finds as fatal as the artillery of the foe; then at the stern repose and vigorous preparatioa of the Supreme Govermnent; then at the quick vengeance taken at Dinapore; then at the patient waiting of our beleaguered countrymen at Agra and Lucknow, the latter hoping immlediate aid, the former able to hold out long; then at the prompt measures taken to meet formidable outbreaks and lurking conspiracies in the Bomabay Presidency; then at the universal stamping out of the sparks in the Punjab; and, lastly, at those rocky heights whereon sits the Avenger, stiU keeping his eye on the accursed city, gathering his strength, and biding his time. It is impoEsible not to feel anxious for the besieged besiegers of Delhi, when in the brief space of two months they have had three changes of command, and it is now in the hands of a man newly known, though well known, to fame; and when it is evident that reinforcerments must arrive at the rate of a thousand a-month only to keep up the strength of the besieging force. However, they are in good health and spirits; they are well supplied, and they are invariably victorious. Reinforcements are arriving from the Punjab. From Bombay they have already arrived as far as Indore andNeemuch. General HAvxaocx,inthe event of his relieving Lucknow, would be able immaediately to advance with his own victorious brigade, and that of General NEILL, to the relief of Agra, or, as he intended, to the siege of Delhi, which latter place he would be able to reach in a fortnight. If the besiegers can only hold their ground to the end of September, they will soon find themselves strong enough to perform with due solemnity and effect that great act of justice which the world expects of England. It is from Delhi, we repeat, that this evil spirit has broken loose on the land. It is from her palaces, from her shrines, from her mosques, and her pagodas, that the word has gonie forth to destroy every European and every Christian; to torture, to insult, to violate; to expose body and soul to every outrage that a barbaric imagination could devise. The new features of this mail are the unaccountable, because long delayed, mutiny at Dinapore, the splendid progress of General RHAVYMOC, and the extension of the mutiny to the Bombay Presidency. As to the latter, it is true that we at home have consoled ourselves at each successive mail by the continued loyalty of Bombay and Madlras. But the consolation was suggested by a knowledge of the da-nger; where there were Mahrattas, and those in close relation with the Mahrattas of Central India; and where, as at Poonab, the Mahomedans were in the ascendant, of course there was danger. No doubt, too,. the Presidency and the cityof Bombay itself were but slightly prepared for the trial. But it is something more than mere danger that is now stated. In the first place, the Bombay Government seems afraid the whole truth should be known. Then it transpires that after a repulse the rebels at Kolapore felt strong enough to return, and there was obstinate fighting with unknown results. There was great excitement at several other places, vith contradictory reports. Meanwhile troops are arriving, which are to be detained or sent on, as circumstances may require. Certainly it is very important that Bombay should be perfectly secure; and when we hear of the Europeans preparing to betake themselves to the ships, we cannot help wishing, with them, that they had an additional regiment or two. No doubt,-and here we only express the heartfelt confidence of everybody in India,-all will be right in the end. WVe shall destroy the whole of this foul, craven mob, that reserves its fury for women and children, and its courage for the ramparts, but always flies before an Englishman in the open field. But what may not happen in the meantime? What terrible gaps may not occur between the expiring efforts of an heroic resistance and the tardy arrival of long eaxpected succour I A fortnight is not much on paper. Wind or rain, a trifling mistake, a moment of false security, the illness of a General, or any trifling cause, may interpose that delay, and cost us a massacre of Cawnpore !
Every now and then there occurs a iittle agitation among us on the subject of Convents. Besides the natural dislike of an Englishman to these institutions a suspicion is felt that more and worse may be doing than meets the public eye. It is bad enough to think of the misdirection which devotional sentiments may have received, but it is worse still to reflect that a mere ebulition of folly or despair may, by the operation of obnoxious oaths or even physical restraint, have been made to entail a life of incarceration. This, in point of fact, is the consideration which has the greatest weight. People want to be assured that nothing wrong is going on behind the screen. There is certainly no harm in seclusion itself, in monastic costume, in a daily ritual, or in any ordinary practices of conventual life. Protestants conceive, indeed, that a woman may find a sphere for more natural duty and more reasonable service, but retirement from the world for purposes of religion can hardly involve any inadmissible error. All we wish to know is that such retirement has been voluntazily accepted, and is voluntarily continued; that no improper influences are at work to the prejudice of the recluse; that the absolute freedom of the subject in this, as weUl as in ordinary cases, is dulysecured, and, in a few words, that no spurious authority is interposed between the inmates of a nunnery and those laws of England which protect the rights and liberties of the community. If jhe reader will simply bear this illustration in mind, he will find no difficulty in understanding the views of the American people and the proceedings of the American Government with regard to the great Mormon Settlement at Utah. This city may be described as one huge convent. We are not doing Papists the injustice to insinuate that even the most preposterous examples of monastic rule ever approximated to the enormities of Mormonism ; but, apart from the doctrinal bearings of the question, the relations of the Utah Settlement to the Federal Power exhibit a close analogy to those existing between a Protestant Government and a conventual institution. The Mormons usume to be exercising onlythe common rights of American citizens; they nominally profess a certain, and, as they consider, a sufficient allegiance, to the Supreme Government, and, for the rest, they claim the privilege of settling their domestic institutions as they think proper. Nobody need go to UTtah unless he pleases, but when there he must conform to the laws of the commonwealth he has chosen to join. The creed and customs of the community may be somewhat singular, but they satisfy those who adopt them, and that is enough. Such is the Mormon side of the argument; but the Government of the United States has its arguments in reply. It is a suspicious circumstance, to begin with, that in the Utah Settlement a species of authority is recognized which differs fundamentally from all the ordinary powers of the Union, and which by the very theory of the case must necessarily overrule them in the event of a collision. The States of the Union generally claim and exercise the privilege of self-government with certain reserves; but the principles on which such government is conducted are not distinguishable from those which lie at the foundation of the Federal Power itself. Maine and Mississippi Illinois and Georgia, may differ in their views about Slavery or Republicanism, but they are entirely at one as to the broad doctrines of political administration. In Utah, however, the case is otherwise. There the community is guided by a certain authority which must, whatever is professed to the contrary, be independent altogether of the power of Congress or the laws of the land. Just as the monasteries of this country in old times used to look up to the POPo, and reject as far as they dared the spiritual and temporal administration of the kingdom, so the people of Utah look up to their Prophet, and consider that the commands of their President embody the immediate dictates of Divine revelation. " It " is better to obey GOD than man," says the text, and to much ill-purpose was it quoted until more enlightened views taught us that precedence was often claimed on these grounds for commands which, in fact, were human only, and that before we disobeyed a lawful authority on earth it behoved us to make more certain than was usuaUy possible that we were really obeying a higher authority in Heaven. In the case of Mormonism, however, there is no room for the exercise of this caution. The veritable Prophet and the actual Governor are combined in a single living person. BRIGnAm YOUNG is held to speak from his own mouth the words of GOD, and it is plain that sutch words, in the views of a genuine Mormon, must transcend any edicts of the Federal Power. Nevertheless, it is not probable that any conflict would have occurred on the purely speculative ground thus arising. Theory may often be safely disregarded so long as no mischief is found in practice. If the Federal officers stationed in Utah experienced no greater difficulties in discharging their functions than were met with in other territories of the Union, and if life and liberty were as secure among the Mormons as elsewhere, it iI not very likely that intervention would have been provoked even by the extravagant tenets and pretensions of the sect. To tolerate Mormonism may appear an excess of toleration, but the principle, no doubt, would have endured the strain had it not been for the practical shape which BniGnar YousG has recently permitted his pretensions to assume, and for the obscurity which is thought to shroud even worse doings than are reported. The expedition to Utah, in fact, concerning which our column have lately contained some strildng intelligence, resembles what is here termed a "visitation." The Federal Government wishes to see and know what is going on behind this vast screen of mountain and desert. It is alleged, with every semblance of truth, that men and women from all parts are entrapped into this prodigious convent upon false or insufficient information, and that they are prevented by the worst terrorism from retracing their steps. The supreme law of the land, in short, has been superseded by the pretensions of a particular community, and the liberty of the American citizen-for such is every inmate of Utah city-has been abrogated in favour of a theocratic despotism at variance with the constitutional theory of the Union and the common sense of mankind. It might not, perhaps, have been thought incumbent on the Federal Power to take cognizance of the blasphemies of the creed, or even to interfere with such an expression of social error as is found in Mormon polygamy, but the obligation acquires a different form when it is reasonably suspected that the common rights of American citizenship are overruled, and the acknowledged prerogatives of the Supreme Government entirely set at nought. When BniGHA.as YOUNG and his followers claim the right of worshipping as they think proper, and of identifying, if they please, their temporal and spiritual administration, no objection is likely to be made to the demand; but when they proceed, as they have been actually doing, to proclaim the absolute independence of their territory, and to detain by force those proselytes who discover their errors and desire to withdraw, they expose themselves to the just visitation of the Federal Power. The object of the expedition is to secure the predominance of the Supreme Government, and with this predominance the vitality of those principles of liberty by which individual rights are guaranteed against the assumptions of any private institution. Whether it may be determined either on this or any future occasion to curtail the freedom which has assumed so monstrous a development and interfere with Mormonism itself we do not attempt to conjecture, but nobody will dispute the propriety of the measure now adopted. Mormonism, if tolerated at all, ought to exist under the control of a supreme authority, which, if it cannot modify its tenets, may at least nullify its power. If a man may join the Mormons he may also quit them ; if he may acknowledge BRIGHAM YOUNG he may also repudiate him. All these proceedings should be at his own free option, and the protective arm of the Federal Government should secure the inalienable rights of its citizens from the encroachments of any interloping authority. Unfortunately the subject touches us nearly, for these islands, it is said, supply the majority of the dupes, but we hope that the expedition now decided on will at least provide the victims of this wretched delusion with opportunities of effective repentance.
De qustiZlus non est disputandum: this, we suppose, applies to all tastes, religious as well as other, the sublime and the mysterious, as well as the epicurean class of tastes. We must not dispute about enthusiasms. Everybody must be allowed to have his own enthusiasm. Here are many excellent people very enthusiastic about the "Evangelical Alliance ;" there is a meeting at Berlin; "long and heavily laden" trains full of enthusiastic gentlemen arrive, English, Americans, Prench, Germans, Protestant mnisters of all denominations-Church of England, Lutheran, Independexit, Reformed Calvinist, Wesleyan Methodist, Episcopalian Methodist. The most ample accommodation is provided for theme -visitors. Our stern Puritan forefathers met in wild and savage scenes, under the overhanging brows of mountain ridges and by the side of remote tarms and cataracts; they preached to each other in the face of stormy skies, the arch of Heaven was their roof overhead, and the heather was their bed. Their deacendants meet under happier auspices at Berlin; " the office opened in " the bureaux of the House of Deputies supplies every information as to hotel or lodging accommodation," and by a judicious combination the I very ticket of admission to the religious conI ferences contains much useful information of this k kind. This ingenious, sensible, and comprehe- Five ticket acknowledges frankly aud with a good grace the twofold nature of the Berlin pilgrims, corporeal and spiritual, and givesc intelligence saited to their wants in both capacities; it is a folded map of Berlin, containing on the bacl; " all the necessary information as to the subject"matter of every day's conference, the names of "the speakera, preachers, and religious institutions "of the city, and an indication where the "members can best meet for refreshment and "mutual intercourse." Well, these gentlemen meet in the " Garnison Kirche," which is " pro" vided with an ample carpeted platform" for the occasion, the 100th Psalm is sung, Pastor KuNzxEi opens the proceedings with " an eloquent " prayer, which elicits the exclamation from some " of the audience, 'He prays like SPuRGEON V'" There is then a great deal of talk about "brotherly " love" and " Christian union." There is " a " series of greetings" and religious salutations, as one minister is introduced to another minister, as Wealeyan Methodist shakes hands with an Episcopalian Methodist, and an English Calvinist with a French Calvinist. Lastly, a special train conveys 900 members of the Alliance to Potsdam, where "they find abundant refreshment and ample "attendance awaiting them in the rococo saloons." There is a shout of " Hoch r" and " Hurrah V" as His Prussian MAJiSTy enters. The enthusiasm reaches its height, and when Sir CULLING EA_rDLFY and the English deputation, with the whole crowd of English visitors, " enclosed the group of KING, " Chamberlains, and Adjutants in one dense hot " mass, like a cluster of bees, the QuEEN, from "whose recolection the events of 1848 were not C" yet effaced, gave evident signs of apprehension." But, though theeffectof confinement within "a dense " mass like a cluster of bees" is sometimes serious, it is needless to say that this pressure was not for any bostile purpose, but only for a demonstration of the warnest affection. Even death itself could have been hardly otherwise than blissful under such circumstances, for, though people generally object to being killed with kindness, as much as to any otber way of being killed, still the embrace of the Evangelical Alliance must be allowed to have something transcendental, heavenly, and Elysian about it. SIDNEY SMIITHI was, indeed, ungallant enough to describe the reward which he received for a most welcome piece of news and a most kind act of patronage as "beino, " enveloped in the embraces of two fat women." But suffocation by the Evangelical Alliance would have been in itself an apotheosis. The soul of ToMi BowLNG could hardly have gone aloft under happier circumstances than under the affectionate, downy, and fragrant pressure of so many dozen spiritual piUows comfortably and softly squeezing the luckiest of martyrs into eternity. We have no fault, we say, to find with all this enthusiasm. We do not wish to speak lightly of the gift of " praying like SPURBEOX," and we are far too mnch awed by the solemn and august array of " 900 black coats and white cravats " marshaUed according to nationalities" to give vent to any levity on the occasion, even supposing we were inclined to do so. But we cannot help at the same time asking the question-What is all this about? What is the object of it all ? Some people see a great object in all this. Mr. WRIGHr, the American Minister at Berlin,who calls the Evangelical Alliauce "Our COeIST, our LORD, our Bible," of course sees a great work done at these Conferences, and we suppose that all who attend at them also see a great work done at them. They appear to be satisfied, and more than satisfied. They come to Berlin with sanguine expectations, and they go away with those expectations completely fulfiled. They are set up spiritually for the next year, and feel that a great victory has been won over the Powers of Darkness. Something, then, has been done on the occasion. What is it? A number of gentlemen speak about brotherly love and charity, " greet" each other, shake hands, and meet " for mutual intercourse and refreshment." All this is perfectly unobjectionable, and very proper. Our only difficulty is, why peopleYLshould go to Berlin to do it. Cannot they preach love and charity at their own homes? Do we need the Conferences at Berlin to tell us that brotherly love and charity and Christian union are very good things ? We know that weU enough ; the difficulty is in the matter of practice. The Christian world is unhappily rather defective in the practice of these virtues. Will the Conferences at Berlin help to this practical result ? WiU one single venomous Ubristian in Germany, France, England, or America bite or sting any the less because the Evangelical Alliance praises brotherly love ? Will he dip his pen a bit the less in gall when he attacks an adversary because " 900 men in black coats and white " cravats have been marshalled at Berlin according "to their nationalities ?" This Evangelical Alliance has no definite or tangible object, that we see. If it wanted to break up all existing boundaries and lines of demarcation that separate one Protestant from another-if it aimed at the annihilation of the English Church, and the Scotch Church, and all Dissenting denominations, and the final absorption of all these separate bodies of Protestants in itself, as one grand centre-this would be an extravagantly chimerical object, but still it would be a tangible one. The whole professed object, however, of the Evangelical Alliance as now constituted, is that Protestants, retaining their present distinctions, and going on exactly as they do now, as so many separate and independent bodies, should be annually exhorted to love one another. What is the particular use of this? This is done one year at Edinburgh, another at Paris, another at Berlin. What is the difference between something said at Edinburgh and exactly the same thing said at Berlin ? The lesson is the same, the people who preach it are the same, everything is the same except the place, which is Edinburgh one year, and Berlin another. What need is there of an Association to preach this sermon, and stiU more of a nomad Association ? Why all this expense in steamers and railway tickets? We cannot see the use of aU this trouble and outlay, the fabric of a formal Association and the pomp of Conferences, in order to teach men a very plain lesson which they know well enough already, and are not a bit the more likely to 'practise.
COURT CIRCULAR. BALMORA.L, SiPT. 15. Her Majesty the Queen, accompanied by their Boyal IHighnesses the Princesa Helena, Princems Louisa,and Prince Arthur, and attended by Lady Churchill and Earl GOran. vile, drove yesterday to Corrie MuiWle, and honoured the Countess of Fife with a visit. Her MAjesty then continued her drive to the Lynn of Dee, over the Queen's bridge, and thron~h the Forest of Mar. Their Royal Highnesses the Princess Royal and Prncoess Alice, attended by the Hlon. Flora Macdonald drove to the Burn of the Vat, returning by Birkail and tbe Lynn His Boyal ighness the Prince Consort went deer stalklug on Lochnagar. ln the evening her Royal Higness the Dohbes of Kent5 Lord end Lady Jaes Murray, and Lady Augusta Bruce were included in the Royal dinner party. Despatches were sent from the Celonilnofflcs yesterday to the Governors of the Australian Colonies and the Governors of the West India Islans. Gz-EXRL JACOB.-Theya was an ermr in nh 2mes of the 12th Ins Mjor John Jacob, of the Bo m Artillery, ocommanding the Scinde Irregular Horse, an.o& aide-de-oamnp to the Governor.Geveral (Brevet Lieuinant. Colonel Atril, 1855), hs not "Brigadier.Oenera1" George LaG oacob, lhft in comuan by Sir Ja s Outraum of the divisioiR 3a~ Persia ho Insura the e'tasuxjon of
AMBBRICA. (A portion of the following appeaed in part of oxt Impression of yesterday:-] LIVERPOOL. WZMNe A.Y. The Liverpool, Philadelphia, and New York Pompany'sg screw steamship City of Washington has arrived, with advices from New York to the 3d inst. The steamship Vanderbilt, from rAvre and Cowes, arrived at New York on the 2d inst. The steamship Illinois, with the California mails of August 5, arrived At New York on the Sd iut. She had $1 ,593,557 specie on freight. The newa from California was unimrportant ;'the reports from the mining districts stil continued favourable. At New York financial affaira wore a better aspect. There was a cessation of specie shipments toEurope, and exchange on London had fallen to 9 per cent. for bankerA' bills. " If," says the Courier and Enq7irer, "' The city of New York had to take car of itself only, the financial troubles would oeaso at once; but, unortunately, the failures of bankers in this city affeet more seriously the money affairs of the interior. The creditors of the Trust Cumpany and of other parties who have suspended are mainly in tbe West. Henoo, the banking concerns of Cincinnati, Detroit, Bdffalo, &c., are thrown into confusion, and the private bankers of those and other cities are com. pelled to seek new correspondents here upon whom to rely for the present until their former deposits wita insolvent parties are repaid. Even here the evil does not cease. The many rumours circulated to the prejudice of the oOntry banks of this State have forced an unusual amount of circulating bills upoR this city. These muAst be protected, and the country banks accommodated by the moneyed institutions of this city, and this burden falls heavily upon the Mletropolitan Bank and upon the American Exchange Bank, both of which are creditors largely of the intenOr. Tbe olicyof maintaining apar eurrency, or one very near par, for the whole State, Is thus upheld by the Metropolitan Bank, and, of course, at some temborary deprivation of capital, The circulation of the ban of the city has for sonne years been quite imited. It could all be redeemed in one day if the holders saw fit to press it; but we believe the good sense of the majority of the people wil induce them to sustain instead of depreeing public credit. In the meantime, those who are so fortunateaa to poesess unemployed capital ame availing themselves of the extraordinary deptession in the market value of publlc securities to purchase substantial bonds at a disceunt. Some recent holders have been induced or forced to part with Ohio State Sixes under par-a State which has never faltered in the payment of its interest." There were some rumours to the effect that the Metropolitan and American Exchange Banks had decliner taking uncurrent money; upon inquiry it was ascertained that both institutions received the bills of the New England and New York banks, as usual, from their depositors. They would receive them from brokers also, paying the next day for such deposits to any extent. Rumours were current unfavourable to two or three well-known New York firms but no further suspensions of good houses had been announced At Cincinnati the firm of Hatch and Langdon had suspended, in consequence of their funds being unavailable in the hands of Beebe and Co. Other cases were expected to occur where large deposits were held by the latter firm. "Hitherto' says the Courier and EBn irer,- "Funds in' bankers' hands in New York were eonsidered by Western bankers as surplus cash, available at an hour's notice. For some years them has been a eoncentration of cpital at this point, and exchange on New York was considered at all points, east, west, north, and south, as cash. Banking firms in the Westrn cties have usually maintained balances of t5,OOO to $.50,OOO each in Wall-street for exchange operations. This course must be still pursued, but more oaution will be observed in the selection of oorrespondents." The same journal remarks,- " We take occasion again to caution our readers against the libelous paragraphs inserted in some of the daily journals and bank-note reporters. In one of the latter it is stated that the paper of White's Bank of Buffalo is diseredited. This is untrue. The bills were received until 3 o'clock today by the Mletropolitan Bank, and there are no g,rounds wihatever for the suspicion that they are discredited. All the paper received a month ago by the above bank is now received, with two exceptions only, wis.-Swlcett's Harbour Bank, Buffalo, and H Bank, Buffalo. ALl other New York paper will pass freely." The Rhode Island Central Bank wras expected to resume payment immediately. In some particulars the stock-markct was better: -Virginia Sixes improved i; Missouri Sixe, i New York Central Shares, 1; Erie, 1 ; Michigan Southern, 2; Chicago and Rock Island, 21,; Galena and Chicago, 1 ; Cleveland and Pittsburg Railroad Shares, 1j; Michigan Southern Preferred Shares, 3. There was a falling-off in Reading Railroad Shares of 1@ ; Cleveland and Toledo, ;; Michigan Central, 1 ; Panama, 1I, There were buyers of La Orosse and Milwaukie Shares at an advance of 40 to 5; and Illinois Central, 6. The scarcity of money was indicated by the decline in New York State Sixes from 118 to 112; Indiana State Fives to 74. The cotton-market was steady. The quotations for middling Uplands was 15jc. ; dittoOrleans, lGc. The market for breadstuffs opened very flat and dull. State and Western flour declined 10cn to 20c. The heaviest decline was in extra State, 500 barrels good being sold at $6 20c for export. In Ohio we note a sale of 300 barrels good extra for the West Indies, at $6 75c. Southern flour was steady, and extra rather better. Both kinds of Southern wheat were lower and dull. Sugar was more steady. Freights unchanged.
We are requested to state that the list of officers to whom the Turkish Order of the MedJidi6 is to be presented, published on Saturday by some of our contemporaries, has been published without authority, and is incorrect. A Cabinet Council was held yesterday at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treaury in Downing-street. The Ministers present wereViscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the Mlarquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, and the Right Hon. M. T. Baines. The Chancellor of 'the Exchequer acknowledges. the receipt of the first half of a 501. Bank of England note, from " A. N.," on account of overlooked Income-taxL ARRIVAL OF THE A,ImnicAx FRIGATE PLICAOUTIL -SOUTHAMPTON, Wednesday.-The frigate Plymouth, of the United States navy, commanded by Captain John A. Dahlgren, arrived here this afternoon, in 51 days fronm tbe TexeL She has had headvwinds the whofe time. This frigate left Washington in Jnue, and Norfolk on th., 7th of July, since which she has visited the Azores, Lisbon, &o.. and expects to remain at this port about a fortnight, and then to return home. The object of this cruise was to go through a series of ordnance experiments. THIB A:zEuIcA.N YACIT " CARTER OAK."-This remarkable yacht (23 tons, which wms brought across the Atlantic by her owner, under cireumstances stated in Tde Times tbe day after her arrival in Liverpool, was disposed of by raffle at the Rock Ferry Hotel, near Birkenea, on Tuesday evening. There were 200 subscribers at 21. each, and the successful drawer was Mr. G. H. Fleteber, of Liver. pool, shipbroker. The Charter Oak is named a!bte, a tree in Connecticut, so called from tise fact that in It was hidden the charter granted to the State by Charles IIL, wvhen demanded by James IL The spokes of the steng wheel are made from the tree. LIvE1RPOOL, Sept. 16.-The Royal mail steamship Arabia will sail for New York on Saturday next, when letters and newspapers intended for her will bo received at the Liverpool Post-office at 8 a.m., 'with late fee at 9 am., and at the landing-stage at 1am. The Snumer Cloud arnried to-day from Melbourne with 7,96lo. of gold on freiallt. THE LATE MURDER AT LEIGH WOODS, NEAR BRISTOL.-The only fact which has transpired tending to throw any light npon this murder has been the diacovery of a card In the headdresa worn by the deoeaed, which seems to show that she, must have lived in Bristol or thezeighbourhood. The headdress,- on Ieing inspeoted by Police-constable lowe, after the haiz had been cut off. for the purposes oE the. post %owks examinatioe, wa found to contin a printel card, and on its being taken out ana cleaned it was found to beio to a man named Geosge Davis, and ww his clearnce rd as a member of the Brlstol Friendly Operative Socalbeof Carpenters and Joiners. It bore d3te the 10th of January, 15&4 Inquiries we7e at onoe made of the secretary cfr this society,and Georg2 Davis turned out to be a resident of. the Hotwell-road, not far from the spot where the murdarAtook Elace. Davis, who was at week at Hambrook,wppre- ended yesterdat torning, sud was taken to the lZew Inn, Rownham,inthe cours aof X fternoon. No pecilie charge has been preforrod Inst the man, who admits that the card whiah was fouun beloged to him. He states that he vs in the6 habit of hbving his card renewed from time to time, Pad that he put the old onea in his toolchest. How the aae foand on the deceased became missing h4 acnot conjeretur Davis iappareatly a reaPect. able mechaoic, abou 95. or 50 yesrsof Age, and, though little ox no suspiciom attaches to him as the-authorof the crime, ik is hopedtt thrxggh the oircumtxsnce of the cerd beimg found and thw identified the murdeee may bht,aOd5 or at,:rst it may be disceverod who the wafortu-5 viotim was, The searcA of tl.e woods by the Bristol police on. Tuesday diA pO lead to tbe discovy Of any vmapons or article of female dre& likely to have olunged to te decewed. The stamment ot the womLa (zeen and her aol-cant respeoting tbhparties who viited the beerhouse in Temple.street, on Thursday aight, upon invesigatioa is thought to have no conexion with the mnurder. BRiSTOz SUGAR-MARKrT, Sept. 16.-There is a better demand for sugar tod4ay than for some weeks past, and, impor°erp having nrtt the buyers freely, a oonsidarable busiuess hag 'ieen done t IUU us.sket values. Rus.-&-Non oiEkN *at r resentt
THE RED SBA TBLEGBAPH. It will be seen by the following letter that the company decline to lay down an electric telegraph unless upon a guaranteed rate of interest:- "To SIR JAM MuvML, MC.B. "8, Moorgate-street, Sept. 15. Sir,-I am instructed by the directors of the Red Sea Telegraph Company to acknowledge the recelpt of yoar letter to Mr. Marshman, of the 12th inst., reqaesting to be informed npon what ternms this company will be prepared to lay dowrn the line of telegraph from Suez to Kurracice, "In reply r am direoted to state that in the original proposslimade to theCourt tolay dowrn a line of telegraph f rom Alexandria to Aden the directors were indauenced by mamy considerations, but mainly by the opportunity then open to them of obtaining the Atlantic cable at a moderate cost on board ships prepared to convoy It at once to its destination, and of completing the communication so far for a comparatively smaU sum within a very short period. "Since that time ciroumstances have undergone a material change. It is urderstood that the Atlantic Telegraph Company, seeing no immediate prospect of selling their cable, have resolved to unship and retain it. In the meantime the cable has been the subject of detractory comments, and the allegod Impracticability of the project has been industriously circulated upon the authority of the Cout's Chief Superintendent of Telegraphs in India. The directors have never been in a condition to say that they had a definite and complete arrangement with the Government, the Board of Control having repudiated the statement that the East India Company had guaranteed 20,0001. a-year, and thus thrown doubts upon the Board's basis of operations. The time has run on, Parliament has risen, and a period of the year has arrived at which almost all commercial enterprises are stagnant. F rom these various causes the directors approach wlth much unwillingness a suggestion for increasmg the scale of their outlay and extending their operations, and after the experience gained they can only feel justified in holding out the prospect of being able to carry out the Courts wishes on the principle of a guarantee by the Hon. the East India Company on the same basis as the railways. "The circumstances already alluded to have satisfied the directors that any attempt to enlist the public interest in favour of this undertaking short of such a guarantee would at present fail, audit remains for the East India Company and the Government to dedde whetber the telegraph shall be laid at once on thoseterms or postponed until tho moneymarket shall be more favourable, and the immediate urgency shall, perhaps, have passed away. "If the East India Compauy and the Gevernment shall concur with the directors in thinking that the establishment of telegraphic communication with India is a matter ofparamouttimportanoe, the following terms areproposed as those on rhich success could, ln all probability, be relled upon- " L That the East India Company should gnrantee interest at the rate of* per cent. on the capital, as paid up, of 700,0001., to connect Suer and Kurrachee. 2. That the East India Company should have the opportuni't of controlling the expenditure of the company, and the choice of a cable if they desie it, and have the power of appointing an ez opicio director at the board. "3. That aU receipts from all sources be paid into thfe treasury of the East India Company, as a set-off to the guarantee. "4. That one-half the profits above * per cent. be paid to the shareholders, and the other moiety to the Est India Company, until the advance has been completely liquidated, and that the guarantee shaU cease as soon as the net prorits have amounted to 7A per cet. for two consecutive -year "5. That not less than 5 per cent, of the capital to be paid up at onoe, and the work to be completed within one year from the signing of the contract. "I am further deired to state that as the execution of this most important work has been undertaken by the directors with the sole object of meeting the anxious wishEs of the public, both in England and In India, irraspetive of any personal viewFs, should the Court be enabled to adopt any other more expeditions means of effecting the objere, the directors wiJi be prepared to render every possidle assistance in reference to the firmans they hold and otherwfise, and in all their arrangements for proseculting the undertaking in the p resent or any modified form to consult the great public interests involved in it. "I have the bonour to be, Sir, your nmost obedient servant, aC. L PEEL~ Secretary." *- The amount of percentage to be determined by ompeteat au tborities, approTed aud aelf ted br the hoca. ocurtr" CRYSTAg P L&nB-ONz S}nnmG DAY, Wednweday, Sept. 16.-Admisslona on payment, 4,917; ditto, by season tickots, 42, Total vistors, 5,341,
FOIEIGZi INTLLIGENCT. FRANCE. (FrOY OUR OWN OOERMPONnD1'.1 PARIS, SxpT. 15, 6 r.ar The movements of Emperors and Kings, their probable direction, and the chances of their meeting are just now the principal topics of discussion here. In the first place, it is said that the Emperor Napoleon may remain at the camp till the 23d or 24th, then go to Stuttgard and perhaps not return to Chalons. I say " perhaps," because there seems a possibility of his returning thither in company of the Emperor Alexander. Certain preparations are making at the Tuilerles which seem to indicate an Spproaching visit from a Sovereign of the first class, and conjecture naturally points to the Emperor of Russa as the expected guest. Whether his coming be already 'arranged, or whether the Emperor Napoleon proposes asking him when they are together at Stuttgard, is unknown. It has been thought pouible that he might invite him to go down to the camp, and thence to Paris. Without being in possession of any positive information on the subject, it would not surpriseme if this were to be the aew. As regards the presecee of the two Empresses at the Stuttgard interview, it seems more uneertain than ever. Nobody appears to know where the Emprem of Russia is at this moment. The Emperor left St. Petersburg accompanied only by Prince Gortachakoff. He is now at Berin, and the Empress is said to be at Warwaw. It is thought uailikely that she will go to Stuttgard In that case it is presumable that the Empress Eugenie will not go either. The presence or absence of the two ladles must not be' looked upon as altogether animportan. The circumstances of the Emperbr Napoleon's matrimonial alliace must be kept in view, and sJo his natural wfish that the lady he has elevated to a share of his Imperial dignity should be in all respects as much conidered as if she were born on the eps of a throne, an Austran Archduchess or a Prussian Princess. There can be no doubt that the presence of the Empresses would have a significance, and would give to the interview a stamp of greater amity and cordiality than it would otherwise possess. Hence the interest attachng to the question. With respect to the meetuig between Napoleon and King Frederick William at Darmstadt, or of a visit of the French Emperor to Berlin, the idea has doubtless been entertained, but it is now probably abandoned. The rapprochement between France on the one hand, and Russia and Pramia on the other, would leave Austria too isolated. This, at least, is believed to be the idea entertained at Berlin. Austria and Prussia may hxve their differences and rivalres, but there always must be between them stronger links than any that can permanently oonnect either of them with France. Two menmbers of the municipal council of Stuttgard have arrived in Paris, and have proceeded to the camp at Chalons. They are come, it is said, with refereilce to arrangements for a fete which their cityproposed to give in honour of the Emperor of According to a telegraph from Jassy of the 13th, the elections by the clergy commenced on the 10th, and, though in the first elections onlyfour electors of that body presented themselves, on this occasion there were not fewer than 140. The Archimandrite N. crivan, a partisan of the IJnion, Profesor in theEcclesiastical School at Socola, was elected by 137 votes. The candidate opposed to the Union only obtained two votes, and S. Silvano, who was elected in the last elections, only obtained one vote. In the College of Egarenes (miperiors or administrators of what are called the mdependent convents) the two bishops, P. Scrivan, rector of the Ecclesiastical School (brother of N. Scrivan), and Ealinick, superior of the monastery of Slatina, and nephew of the Metropolitan, both Unionists, have been unanimously elected. It is not expected, however, that the ensuing days will have continued to show resuits favourable to the Urion. It is thought that the lower orders will chiefly vote the other way. A despatch says that the relations between X Place, French Consul at Jassy, and the Kaimala.n Vogorides had become so difficult and unpleasant that M. de Talleyrand had found it necessary to interfere. ' The Minister of the Marine has given orders for a gunboat to be despatchedfrom Toulon to the mouths of the Danube. The health of Cardinal Antoneill has been so bad of late that it was thought he would be compelled to retire for a while from public affaim. A letter from Rome, just received, announces a change for the better. A paper states that an immense telegraphic line is about to be commenced, starting from Marseilles, extending to theIslands of Eye'res, thence to Corsica, and from island to island until it reaches Constantinople. It will thus unite to Franbe the whole of the East. The line which is to unite Marseilles to Bastia is to be finished In less than a year, on the 1st of July, 1858. This gigantic undertaking has been conceded to M. Balestrinli The city of Bordeaux is about to establish a company of steampackets between that port aad the Brazis. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 66f. 55c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f. 75c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,342f. 60c.; Great Northern, 845f.; Straaburg,'660f.; New Shares, 641f. 25c.; Paris to ILona And the Mediterranean, S35f.; Western of France, 690f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 627'f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 607f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 640f.; Bank of Cr6d1t MobilIer, 780f.: Austrian Railways, 636f. 25c.; Russan Rallways, 503f. 75c. Cours Au iqdu4-PARis, Sept. 15.-Cash Prloes.- Four.and.a.Half per Cents. (not reimbusable for 10 ML glf., Tbree per Cents., 66. 45c. 40c. 55c. - Tresury Bpnds,5er cent,, five months; Bank of Franee, 2,790f. 2,800f.; Cr6dit Fonder, 560. 555f. ditto Obligtions of 500f., Four per Cents., 425f. ; ditto TAree per Cents., 395f.; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 85f.; ditto Tenths, Three rCents., 80L, 2rom. Obligations of 1,000., Three Cents., 936E.; Credit Mobhlier, 790f. 8001. 7956. 797f. 775f. 772f. 0oc. 770f. 765f. 780f. Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f. 90f. 25c. 90f.; Spsnsh Deferred Converted Debt, 251 ; ditto Three per Cents., Exerior Debt, 40 39 ; ditto Interior Debt, 371. Exchange on London, at sdght, paper, 25f.22io.; money, 25f. 17.10.; thee mouths, paper, 2. 86o; money, 24. "& THE CAMP OF OHAI4ONS. (Frto' OUR OWN- CORRESONDL-M) SEPT. 14. Although sunless, this morning gave hopes of fine weather; the clouds were high and thin, and the temperature pleasant. From a very early hour visitors poured in from the surrounding country, from Chalons and from Paris, to see the manceuvres. Among the arrivals were several English tourists, who, on their way to or from Switzerland, had struck off as far as the camp. There were also one or two unmistakable Yankees and a couple of Russian officers, one an old general who had passed over this ground with the invading army in 1814. It was sulrprising to see how many ladies risked their flounces and delicate bottines among the asperities of the camp. But the main body, the great mas of the visitors, were peasants, generally a stolid unntelligent race, whose physiognomy andmanuer seemedto justif the uncivil French saying, that " 99 mouZtos et um7 Ohampenis font 100 b4tes." Therse obtuse rustics, on reaching the camp, mae straight for thle Imperial head-quarters, in front of which is a sort of garden, enclosed by a railing. Close up to this railing they pressed, and mnuch indulgence wvas showvn to them, a couple of gendarmes on duty interfering onlyjust enough to prevent them from pushing down the palisades. The prevailing feeling among them was evidently intense curiosity to see the Emperor, and a certain degree of enthusiasm for his person. About half-past 10 the sky lowered and rather a heavy shower felL Orders were sent not to trn out at the appointed hour of U, bat the men were kept in readinems. It was evidently doubtful whether the manceuvres would take place, and as head-quarters were the spot where that most important point would be decided nearly all the civiEans in and about the camp moved up in that direction. Gig and cabs and carts floundered through the heavy fields, but pedestrians were the bulk of the gathering. Presently the Emperor came out on the steps of his cottage In General's uniform, with a forage cap on his head, smoking a cigar, and taking an observation of the weather, concerning which he seemed to hold a consultation with General Canrobert and a number of officers there assembled. The spectators cheered vociLe. rounly, audit was diverting enough to hear the remarks of the rural population of Champagne on every movement of the Emperor, the elderly women distinguishing themselves by the tenderness of their observations About every three minutes the admiration and excitement attained a point that demanded relief and found vent in a " Vivc !BEnperour I" Meanwh3le, thoe 8y was clearing, the rain 'was a mera summer drizzle, the ground was in capital oiler, the day neither too hot nor too cold. Towards noon the Emperor gave orders to an aide-de camp, who hurried away from the cocked-hatted group of smokers in front of the cott;age, Then four or five Lancer orderlies scampered off, bearing the order to turn out. The trumpets of the cavalry ring clear and cheerily out j from the wooded banks of the Cheneu; far away the tap of the Grenadiers' drums iaheard; between the tents and all along the line the troops are seen to muster. The Emperor's horse is brought to the door, and the Emperor a aim shows on the steps, this time with his Generat's cocled hat, and affords intense grati6ication to the gaping clodhoppers by pulling on his gloves in their presence. Tbe Imperial party eft the head-quarters by the northern gate, and proceeded towards the extreme left of the camp, movng paraLel to its front. The staff in attendance on the Emperor was not numerous; behind them came a detachment of the Cent Gardes, another of Lancers, and a few grooms. The crowd followed as fast as its legs would take it, but was soon distanecd, the Emperor strikdng into a canter, at which pace he rode to beynd the end of the camp, and then bore away to the nght, apparently examining the ground on which the nanoau*res were to take place. Meanwhile, the troops were rapidly tmrning out. The camp being spread on a long line, very few tents deep, and the limit of the mlitary territory being close to its extreme right, the greatest space for manceuvres was to be found towards its left front, and the troops on the right had a long way to come. These were the cavalry and artilery, which ad. vaneed at a trot. The light infantry of Camou's division-Voltigeurs and Chaseur--moved but a short distance from their camp, made a halfwheel to their left, and so found themselves in the first alipnement taken up by the whole Cerps d'am&_. From the centre came the Grenadiers, and from the extreme right of the infantry the Zouaves brushed across the plain at their usual swinging. pace. The order of march was in eight columns. On the right were the two brigades of cavalry of the line and heavy cavalry-Ciuders the latter, Dragoons and Lancers the former; then came two columns of Artillery, one Horse and the other Foot; then four columns, each one a brigade of infantry ;1 then a regiment of light cavalry charged to reconnoitre on the left flank. The advanced guard consisted of a regiment of liht cavalry and a battery of Horse Artillery. the ground selected for to-day's manceuvres was unusually distant from the camp iteelf, and was var:ed by a good many strips of fir copse. The soil is elastic and pleasant to the foot either of man or horse. It is very barren; no grass grows over it, but there is a sprinkling of sall weods and scrubby vegetation. A finer tract of land could hardly be selected for the movement of troops; but its undulsting nature makes it rather difficult minutely to follow their mancenvres, and there is no elevate' point commnmding the platu. The plan of operations is drawn up, and copies clrculate in the camp before the manceuvres begm, so that those whom it concerns know what they have to do. To-daytheimagiary enemy commenced bymenacing the left, then directed his attention to the right, but foand all on the alert, and the Guard showrin him whichever way he turned a most imposing front. As he was rather offensive with some artillery which he had placed on the uammit of a small eminence batteries were brought up, and he was pounded off that perch. There was a good deal of changing of front, which would have been more intelligible had one always known where the foe was supposed to be situated. At last the infantry opened a heavy fire, advancing the while, and soon disappeared in their own smoke, and when they left off and the vapour cleared away It was evident that their intrepid forward movement had been successful, and had quite driven the enemy off that part of the field. The firing lasted a long time. Twenty rounds form the usual allowance of ammunition every Infantry soldier takes out, but to-day 30 had been distributed, and the artillery, judging from the rapidity and duration of ita fire, was proportionably well provided. The cavalry was constantly on the move, and as the sun gleamed out at intervals the I effect of the evolutions of these richly-caparisoned troops was very brilliant. A general cavalry charge in which the Cuirassiers advanced through the intervals of the squares of Infantry, whilethe Light Brieade and the Drgoons and Laneers swept past the right and leftflank, terminated the operations of the day. Owing to their having begun late, aud taken plsae at a greater distance than is customaty, it Was evening before the troops got back to quarters I enclose you a detailed account of the manceuvres in French, but it is of too technical a natTire for tranliation, many of their military terms having, as far as I can discover, no equivalent in English, except with the aid of long expanatlons, wearisome to the majority of readers. It is signed by the Emperor, who is understood to prepare the plan himself. As far as the manceuvres bave yet gone (four have now taken place) they do not offer any profound strategical combinations, nor are they calculated to excite much admiration among officers accustomed to the movements of an army in the field. They are said to be useful as accustoming generals to manceuvre the three arms in combination, and it is supposed that the Emperor himself, who has devoted a good deal of time to the theoretical study of the military art, is desirous of obtaining practice in the handling of large bodies of men. It is believed that next year a much larger force will be assembled at the camp. Soldiers and officers seem to consider this camp of manceuvres very hard work, and so it undoubtedly is, especially in the sbowery weather we have had, which gives the men much trouble in cleaning their arms and equipments. " We have scarcely a minute to ourselves," said a veteran cJ<asseur a pied, who on some pretext, best known to himself, had managed to shirk the parade, and had walked out as a spectator, and whose air, while contemplating the proceedings, implied a mixture of commiseration for his toiling comlrades, of self-gratulation at his own escape, and of gentle contempt for the mock warfare going on before him. He had been aU through the Crimea, from the Alma to Deember, 1855, and seemed to think that the Guard was quite up to Its work without this extra practice at Ohalons. "The Emperor," I observed to him, "seems to enjoy it." " Je e crois benn," was the answer; and he gave me to understand that even an Emperor might deem himself honoured by having under his orders 20,000 such fellows as composed the force out to-day. His conjecture was that His Majesty, of whose pluck he expressed himself in high terms, was gathering knowledge to be applied, perchance, at some future time on a real battlefield. The formation of this camp was not unlikely to occasion rumours of projected wars, and both here and at Paris I have heard it reported that the Emperor cherishes a desire to come to blows with Austria. A point worthy of remark is the position of the camp, just opposite the most vulnerable part of the northern frontier of France, the part by which the Allies entered in 1814. It is very generaly believed here that the camp will ultimately be intrenched, and also that large stores of the matriei of war wfil be established in or near it. The alue of this last ondimust not be exaggerated, but it is worth noting because great credit is given toit here, andsome offlcers told ine theythought'thore ws scarcely a doubt about the intrenchment. Inae of war with Austria or the Northern Powers this would certainly be an excellent station for an army of reserve, at a very easy distance by rail from Paris and from the northern frontier. It is, perhaps, not improper to call this a political camp as much as a camp of manceuvres. It is a hint to possible foes that France knows its weakl point and will not be negligent in guarding it. The Camp of Chalons does not offer many details that vrould be novel or striking to English readers at the present moment. Aldershott and Chobham and the abundant accounts of the Crimea leave room for little interest in the peace proeeedings of the Imperial Guard. Chalons camp is a sort of Crimea made easy. It is a comfortable rehearsal of pat discomforts, with the pleasant prospect of a speedy termination to those inconveniences which are inseparable from life under canvas. Doubtless many a man, roused by the reveWei, and opening his eyes in the gray light of the tent, faucies himself for an instant back on Balaklava's heights, and has a pleasant momuent wFhen he realizes his true position, and remembers that he has exchanged the harsing trench duty for bloodless ianceuvres and the eternal nocturnal skirmish for practice at a target which does not return his fire. Pitched at leisure, and on plans previously laid down, nothing can be more regular and convenient than the arrangement of the camp. Where space is so abundant there Is, of eourse, no erowding of tents; the soil is naturally dry, and nowhere oes one meet with mud or swampy patches. The usual drainage has, been amply attended to, and, to save the mnen from falls when moving about the camp after dusk, the sides of the drains, instead of beimg perpendicular, slope gradually inwards. Beat sentry-boxes have been conxtracted, some of rough plan]s, others of mere wooden frames filled up with a sort of wattle made of straw rope. Where the road from Chalons to Grand Mourmelon enters the camp, and at various other principal points, beacons have been erected. Tihese consist of four lofty uprights, strengthened by crossbars, and supporting platforms, on which are placed a growp of large lanterns, with strong reflec. tors. these llhthoues are most useful, an extensive camp being, from the uniform aspect of tha tents and the absence of landmarks, extremely difflcult to find one's way about of a night. The horses are al picketed, with the exception of a fr belong ing to officers. Four tents contain 32 cavalrymen; In a parallel line with these are the 32 horses. A1though the horses when mounted are ardent aud spirited enough, they are remarkably quiet in camp, and this is, doubtless, in part owing to the plan adopted of picketing them by the foot. A hose secured by the head can exert his whole strength to get rid of his fetter, but, foot-bound, he both look and is, extremely helpless. The officers' stables are not on a good system, and I understand that next year another plan will be adopted. At present ther are holes dug in the ground with a baik of earth thrown up all round, and a wooden roof, covered with waterproof cloth, above them. The entrances ae sloping, and, in case of heavy rains, there can be no efficient drainage-the interior gutters, dug in the earthen floor of the stable, not sufficing to receive any large quantity of water. The advantage of the present plan Is that It requires very little transport of materialx, and that the horses are protected, without artificial walls, from the wind and driving rain. But this is insufficient to compensate for the drawback I have indi. cated. The only brick building in the camp is the lnfirmayr, situated near the centre, in rear of the l1t divionof infantry. It forms two sides of a square, opposite to which are the kitchens and the dispensary. Following the Roman road, which leads dowz from the Imperial head-quarters, and pses through the left of the cavalry, we croe the Chenen, almost without perceiving it, for there it iu'little more than a ditch. All the cavalry is very near the river, for tne convenience of water, ind right and left are long ranges of wooden troughs, with a' pump in the centre of each. Beyond the stream we come upon the park of artillery, and, bearing to the left, reach the Commisuariat, ovens, and butchcrs' shops. Twelve ovens have been constructed in the ground of large iron plates, and are covered over with earth. On the opw6ite side of the shed that protects the establishment are the kneading troughs. A number of brawny military bakers, naked but for a pair of loose canvas trousers tied round their waists, are turning over the dough on the one hand, and extracting very tempting-looking loaves from the ovens on the other. Eachloaf wreighs li kilogranmes, or three French rations; 23,000 rations ara taked'here every day. The bread that leaves the oven in the afternoon is distributed the next morning. The arrangements of the butchers' department are not less complete. The cattle for the eamp ar supplied by contract, and come chiefly from foreign countries-from Germany, and, I was assuredalthough the distance renders it almost incredibleeven from Hingary. That fine cattle are to be got very cheap in thisaatter country is a well-known fact hut they can hardly be driven thence to Cbons,and railway conveyance must make them costly meat. Wherever it came from the quality of that which I saw appeared very good. In rear of the long canvas line of the camp are wooden buildings, not very numerous, employed as mehuts for the officers, kitchens, and for other neceesary purposes. The mens system, in English fashion, was introduced into the Imperial Guard only about mix months ago. It is so arranged as to be of very small expense to the offiers The Government finds the rooms in Paris or the huts In camp required for the purpose; all the kitchen utensils are supplied from the same source; the glasses, plates, and table service in general are paid for in instalments by the officers; half-a-day's pay a-month is subscribed to compensate breakage and keep the thing going. At a very small expense beyond the ration allowance an excellent plain dinner and breakfast are provided; there is no encouragement to extravagance, ordinary wine is drunk, and a cup of coffee and glass of brandy winds up the repast. With the exception of the head cook all the attendants are soldiers. In rear of the mess huts are pens containing poultry and other live stock. As far as a stranger has an opportunity of judging the officers like the new system. When meals are not going on the hut serves as a reading and card room. In all respecta it is much on the same plan as the messes got up by some of the English regiments in the Crimea. For style and elegance it will of course not bear comparison with a mess in England, but its economy renders it far better adapted to the resources of many officerL It is not necessary to be much among French mUitary men to see that they love their professon for its own sake, that they make its studyr and the care and superintendence of their men their chief occupations, and that they do not depend to pass their time, on a luxurious dinner and a iate sitting over the bottle. Here, in camp, the hours are of course early. There is plenty of fatigue during the day, and even those officers who are not de sermice, and consequently not obliged to rise at daybreak, are generally to be seen on foot long before the breakfast hour. As for the men, and rcularly the Zouaves, they are indefatigable. When not engaged in matters of duty they have always something to do which they seem to consider extremely Interesting or important. The Zouave is ambitious of accomplishments. He has his fencing master and his dancing master. Early this mormnng his camp resounded with the clicking, grinding sound of the foils, and every here and there were groups of men, masked and in their shirtsleeves, thrusting aud parrying as vigorously as if their weapons were sharp and an enemy before them. The dancing master will have his turn. All the Zouaves are learning the "Lancer Quadrilles." They do not choose to be behind the fashion; and they are now busy getting up a dramatic representation of an Arab wedding, attended by all the ceremonies usual on such occasion In Afica, not forgetting the peculiar Arab dances, nor yet the Zouave camels, whose component parts, the hindlegs and forelegs, are now, as I am informed, rehearsing their postures. Among the notable points about the camp the Grand Mourmelon shoulcd certainly not be overlooked. Two months ago a few houses of modest appearance, collected round a church, and forming two streets in the shape of the letter T, composed one of the quietest and most retired villages in Franoe, the population of which was perhaps overestimated at 500 souls. The inhabitants were chiefly 6griculturists, who drew a scanty subsistence from tae ungrateful soil, or owned small fir plantations in the neighbourhood. ! few flannel looms were also worked in the village. Moat of the house hid their nook of garden, and a broad strip of grass along one saide o the street gave to the place a freh and pleusant aspect. But the Guard came, and there was an end to the tranquillity of the Grand Mourmelon; an end, too, it is to be feared, to the pastoral simplicityof its habitsandusages.TheGuard, with its gaudy trappings and trampling chargers, came, saw, and-destroyed. Mud replaces the verdant grassplot, the stocks and fuchaias of the parterres have been mercilessly trodden down, courts and gardens have been invaded by wooden booths, plscairded with irl-spelt announcements of caf6s, of quarters for man and home. and of the wares of a host of pecsulators, who have flocked hither from Chalons and elsewhere. There are saddlers and furniture shops, pastrycooks and photographers. Flags wave from the front or summit of most of the now buildings, and many of the old ones. A permanent mark-et is established in the street. Before daylight discord begins among the peasants arriving with provisions, and who hold loud disputes in a barbarous dialect with respect to choice of station. Covered arxts are converted into shops, heaps of potatoes and cabbages are emptied out upon the ground, immense baskets of unpromising plums, apparently the staple fruit produce of the district, promise cholera to the imprudent troopers who devour them. The plac is a perfect adikoi. In the centre of the village a guardhouse has been established, and very necessary it hs, especially on an idle day like yesterday, when towards evening borne of the soldiers who came out of the taverns and cafs had evidently taken as much as they conld conveuiently carry. Neverthe. ess, as before observed, drunkenness does not pre-
THE LAST MAN. (From Punch.) The last of the Londoners lagging behind, At this rurALzing season, Retorts on the Tourists or rest of mankind, And boasts he has exceUent reason. While they're on the strain in buss, steamer, and train, Throulh the land of Jean Paul or Beranger, And ar losing their luggage and temper in vain, He's not at such pains Jcd&rangen. While they're on a hunt for a bed-room to spare, Or for eheels-to be had for the spinning,- He can have every bed-room In lBloomsburv-square, And acres of family linen. If coastwards they go, why the coast has Its woes- Its landladies, artful old dodgers, With other unnameable pests of repose, Who breek their long fasts upon lodgers. There " URlies" abound-a reproach to the scene, And bab'i and their nursemaids-a greater; While he meets from Hihgate to Camberwell-green Not a babe or a perambultor. Here the streets are so empty, the alleys expand, To be ciraumspect here would be siUy - You can waltz up and down and across the Stramd, Or play skittles in Piccadilly. The organ-men mostly are gone to the coast, The swcepers seek other employments; The bagpipes end Niggers, we thankfully boast, Have now become rural enjoyments. And as for the beggars, that horrible bore 1s transferred from the town population, While the swell mob consider their season is o'er, And they too have earned a vacation. The burglar exhausted, in want of a change, Has deserted the suburb of Notting; And, while he's inspeotiung some casate or grange, We go without dread of garotting. Tho peleaxes doze, and an air of repose Steals over the beadle's grim features, And the flunkeys have doffed their plush and their hose, And look like the rest of God's creatures. In short, if for quie' and comfort you pant At breakfast, tea, dinner, and supper, Cut the countr- and come up to Town, if you want To throw off dark caro from your crupper. Thus the last Londoner lagging behind, At this ruralizing season, Retorts on the Tourists or rest of mankind, And boasts he has excellent reason.
TO THE EDITOR OF TRE TIMES. Sir,-The future nilitary permanent foroe for Indla Is a smbject of much Interest, and you are so liberal in giving space for suggestions on the matter that I venture to *end you my views. 1. Abolish the whole of the Native Artillery of the three prezidencies,j granting liberal pensions to all entitled to pension, and giving aU the younger members of the oorps the option of transfer to the cavalry and Infautry branche3 of the service, or of discharge with a. gratuity proportionate to their period of serdeie. 2. Increase the Artillery by at least as many Europeans as you reduoe natives. 3. Reduce the regular Native Cavalry, as opportunity offers, by whatever number may be necessary to pay for not less than aix additional regiments of European Dragoons, and the Native Infantry by numbers sufficient to pay for at last 16 additional European Infantry regiments, 8 or 10 of which should be allotted to Bengal and the North-Western Provinces. 4. Abolish all single stations, and in future brigade the whole of the troops, taking care to have at least one European regiment witheach brigade. Where there is a fortress have the barracks of the Enropean troops, the arsenal, and the principal magadne within it. Where there is no fortress let those barracks, magazines, &c., be enclosed within walls, and let them always be so distant from those of the Sepoys as not to be liable to surprise. Heretofore, in almost aU our cantonments, they have been a great deal too close, and are exposed to much danger. 5. Raise a strong military rnative police, taking cars that they, too, are recruited from all castes, high anA low, t, perform not only all police duties, but to supply the places of the native regular troops, who are now employed at aingle stations as guards over gaols, treasuries, &k.; and, finally, let recruiting for the native army of India be in future from all classes of our native subjects, high caste and low caste, the authorities belng watchful that the latter are not discouraged, and that they get a fair proportion of pro)motion. If this be done there would be no fear whatever of the low caste men allowing themselves to be bulied by the high caste men, or being too much under their influence. In the Madras army I have seen Brahimins and Rajpoots acting under Pariahs, and in the same ranks with them. It would never do to taboo the Mahomedans as a class, for, though fanatics and intolerant, they are good and obedient soldiers when not allowed to get the upper hand, and they form the military class of the greater portion of India, and are less engaged in agricultural and such like pursuits than any other class of our Indian subjects, I am not satisfied either that the present outbreak originated in Mahomedan intripe or Mahomedan plotting. If it did, how comes It that Elyderabad, the hotbed of intoleranoy, did not take a part in it from tho first, and that the Madras Cavalry, -who are almost all MAhomedans, have proved faithful9 Mlost of the new levies, too, which have been and are being raised by Colonel dwardes on our north-west frontier are, I belleve, Mahomedans. A native Indian army we must bave, but, from whatever clames it may be recruited, we must show them that we have European strength at hand sufficient to keep them in order; and to do this we must in future have a perXmanent Europeaa force fally double in strength to that which we have heretofore had, and this we can have without much permanent additional cost by reducing the native regular army as I have proposed. There would. of course, be a large outlay for new European barracks, but the pendon of the rebel King of Dolhi alone would more than pay the interest of the capi'4a1 that would be required for the whole of these. Your obedient servant- A MADRAS MAJORG L
2'HR AGAMfBMWOv AND THE NITA GGAUA TO THE EDITOR OF TllBE TIMES. Sir,-Wfll you allow me through your olunmns to ask the captain of the Agameranon whether the account given In the American news of yesterday of a race between hii ship and the Niagara is a correct one ? Aocording to that account the Agamemnon was beaten with the greatest ease. Now, thiz Is a Hatter of the utmost importance, after all we have hoard of the other capabilities of the Niagara, espeialy as the Agamemnon is reputed to be one of our fastest line-of-battle ahipg. I enclose my card, and remain. IoTxg, eo., WATCIIFUL.
ORIINTRAL CRIMINAL COURT, Sept. 16. _-----2 OLD) COURT. (Beforc Mr. usgi*c CROMPTON and Ar. Baron WATSON.) THE LOSS OF LIFE ON THE NORTH KENT RAILWAY. Thom Perry, 29,Edward Whiffen, and John Griffiths, 23, surrendered to tAke their trlal upon several indiotments charging them with manslaughter. They pleaded "Not Guilty" to the whole of the charges. The first case gone Into charged the prisoners jointly wit.. the manslaughter of Thomas Franklin. Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Poland appeared for the proseoution; Serjeant Ballantine was specially retained, with Mr. Met. calfe, to defend Griffiths ; Serjeant Parry was also specially retained, with Mr. Robinson, to defend Perry and Whiffen, Mr. BOD.N, in opening the case for the prosecution, said it was hardly necessary for him to impress upon tho jury the importance of the case he was about to lay before them, when he stated that the charge arose out of a fearful colliion that took place on Sunday evening, tho 28th of Jnne last, at the Lewisham station of the North Kent Railway, and upon which occasion no less than 12 unfortunate persons lost their live. He did not state this fact with a view In any way to prejudice the prisoners, but because he felt It to be his duty to lay before them all the circunm. stances connected with the trsaction, in order that their most careful attenion should be directed to the subject, and that they ahould come to a just and righteous conclusion upon the question whether the prisoners, or either of them, were proved to have been the cause of the sxd cdalniity. He appeared on behalf of the directors of the South-Eastern Hallway Company, who upon the case being seat for trial by the magistrate felt it to be their duty to take care that the whole of the facts should be pronerly laid before a jury, and having done so their duty would be at an eud, and it would be for the jury to say upon those facts what decgion ought to be come to. The learned counselthenproceeded to give a brief outline of the circumstances connected with the accident. It appeared that a train left Strood at a quarter past 9 o'clock on Sunday night, the 28th of June, and this train arrived at Blackheath at 32 minutes past 10, which was a quarter of an hour behind the proper time ;and having discharged its passengers at the laokheath station, it proceeded on its 1ourney to London. This train In ordinary course should have assed the Lewishan station and gone on to New Cross, but appeared that upon its arrival at Lewisham a Beckenham tin was expected to arrive and pass upon the main line, and it was necessary that the Strood train should atop until that train had passed, and it was acordingly placed between what ws caed the distant danger signal and the stationsignsl, andit was while it was In this position that the accident occurred which was the subject of inquiry. It appeared that a second train left the Strood station for London at half-past 9 o'clock, and this train arrived at the Blackheath stlon at 54 minutes past 10, that being a quarter of an hour behind time. The prisoners Perry and Whiffen were the driver and stoker of thenDne eloning to this train, and the other prisoner, Grliths, was the signalman at the Blackheath statioD, and the oharge that was now made against them was that by a oulpable neglect of their duty and a disregard of the regulations of the company, they hai been the oocason of the fearful accident that took place after the departure of this second train from the Blackheath station. The learned counsel then proceeded to explin that, in addition to the ordinary signals at the stations, the company made use of telegrapic signals from one station to the other, and a train was not allowed to leave one station until it was announced by tel6graph from the succeeding station that the line was clear, and that the train might proceed with safety. The evidence gainst Griffliths would be that, It being his duty to attend to the telegraphic signals, he had reported that he had received the usual message that the line was clear, when, in point of fact, no such message had be en t, the line at Lewisham being obstructed bythopreceding train, asd that in consetaence of this the second hain ad been senton instead ofbeir kept back until the line was clear. MIr. Bodkin went on to say that the tran diven by the prisoners Perry and Whiffen having stasted from Blacuheath it was their duty to attend to the ordinary signals, and he should prove thot there was the Lewaishin station signals and what was caLled the distant dn er signal exhibited, and it was the duty of those prisoners to stop upon seeing these signals, but instead of doing so they ran past them, and the consequence was that there was most awful collision with the train that hadbeen previouslyestopped; and the last carrige of that train wes ually lit ted into the air by the shock and fell into aed crushed a third-class carriage, and the result of the co]lision was that no less than 12 unfortunate pasocgs s by the train lost their lives. e concluded by stating that it was under these circumstnces that the present charge was p.rferred and it would be for the jury to say, when the y hadheardi ths evidence, whether the could come to any other con clusion than that the accidcut was occasioned by the gross and culpable negligence of thet oneji and if thuis were the o they woul be ustihled in convictidg them upon the present charge. Serjeant Bcauseofdeat , at the close of Mr. Bodkino s address, submitted that upon the facts, as stated by him, Grifflths could not be convicted of jointly causing the death of the deCeased. The act imputed to him and the one imputed to the others were quite different, and his learned friend ought at least to say which act he relied upon as the ause of death, ad the jury could certainly not be called ugpon, under the circumstances stated, to say that all the prisoners jointly caused the death of the dcceasnd. Mr. Justice Cs.OsssvON expressed his opinion to be in accordance with that of the learnled serjeant, and said that it appeared to him that the prisoners could not legally be jitycnited of manslaughter under the circumstapcea stated by the learned counsel for the prosecution, and that he should elect which act he should go upon as being the Mr. BODxi aid that he had certainly anticipated that this objection would be taken, and he had therefore taken care to put the Court in possession of all the facts. Aftor the opinion that had been expressed by his Lordship he should not proceed againat Griffiths upon this indictment, but should go on with the case against the other two pri. roners. The jury accordingly returned a verdict of Not Guily as regded Grifliths, and he was removed from the bar. Ahe folowing evidenoe was then adduced:- Willim Wylie said,-I am a guard on the North Kent Railway, and have been employed on the line lO yeas On Sunday,the 28th of June, I-had charge of a train which left Strood at 915 p.m. I was the head guard. The train consisted of 14 carriages. It was due at Blackheath at 10 17, but did not arrive till 10 32. We took in aud let out passengers, and the train was neatly fulL The train remained at Blackheath three or four minutes, and Hughes, the under guard, started the train upon a signal Riven by me. I had previously received a signal from Mr. C apman, the stationmaster. I was at the tail end of the train. The next train up to London was Lewisham, but our train did not stop there, but we stopped in consequence of seeing the danu,er signal at that station. I observed the red Lght and immediately applied the breaks, and stopped the train. The steam nad been shut off, and the train ran up to the distant signal1 and pulled up nearly dead at that signaL, and stopped entirely at the station signal, the tail of our train being 90 odd yards within the danger slgnal. The station signal exhibited the red light, indicating danger, a well as the other. While the train was stopping with the breaks on and waiting for the all-ri ht" signal, heard the whistle of the engine of the Beckenma train, which would have to pass us to get upon the main line, and I then expected the signal to go on, but, finding no such signal was given, I went back about 150 yards down thelinepastthedistantsignaL Itooklaredlightwithme and I saw a train approach and whistled and waved my light. When it came close to me I shouted out as loud as I could, and tried to stop it. It passed me at the rate of 20 miles an hour, and immedlately afterwards I heard a collsion, and I proceeded towards my train a short distance and then turned to Blackheath and directed the station. master to stop all the trains. As I returned from Blackheath I noticed the distant red light and saw it distinctly. Cross-examined.-Our train, under ordinary eircumstancen, would have run pest the Lawisham station to New Cross Our train was crowded and we were late at Black. heath, but not so much as 35 minutes. We ought to have been in London at the time we arrived at Blsakheath, or about that time. We stopped at the place we did by direction of the stationmaster. I do not think we were 200 yards from the platform of the Lewisham station. If our train had not been on the line the collision, of course, would not have taken place, but we do not consider the train to be an ofttruction when it is merely waiting for the; all-right" signaL There is a rule for the regulation of the line that a guard in my poeition at the time should have gone down the line to the distance of half a mile with a danger signal, but I did not do so. I did not make use of any fog signals. I was aware that I was 15 minutes late at Blackheath, and thas the 9 30 Strood train was then overdue. I was not talking to a gentleman named Heath or Wilcox at the time of the accident. According to the rules of the railway the 9 30 train ought no; to have been left Blackheath until we had started. Re-examined-The reason we were late was that we were stopped five minutes at Charlton and Woolwich on account of there being some obstruction on the line. Mr. P.e _Ainn getma -epl-e in th engner' nlr. FAmonds, aL gentleman employed in the engineer office of the company, proved the distances of the signals, &c., and he aIso proved that he had made experiments with a heavier train than the one driven by the prisoners on the night in question as to the distance within which such a train could be pulled up. The train started from Blaokheath towards Lewisham, and when they had attained a velocity of about 18 miles an hour the stam was shut off, and an endeavour made to atop the train, and it was brought to a standstill in a distance of 300 yards. The witness likewise stated that the distant danger signal at lewisham could be seen aU the way from the Blakheath station. By Serjeant PARRY.-This experiment was made by direction of tho company on Monday last. Colonel Yolland, the 2Povernment Inspector, made a similar expenment about two months ago. No one was present on behalf of the prisoners to eee that the experiment was fairly conducted. He did not know how many passengers were In the train driven by the prlsoners. He was not aware that when the experiment I was tried by Colonel Yolland the train could not be stopped under a distance of 600 yards. George Hughes, the under-guard to the witness Wylie, deposed, that upon the arrival of the train at Lewisham he saw the danger signal, and the train was pulled up and remained in the position spoken to by Wylie until the accident happened. The tain had stopped for about 18 minutes at the time the collision happened. It was waiting for the Beckenham train topsass. Cross-examined.-The red signal denoted danger. He was not aware that this particular signal was mended on the Tuesday after the accident. Thomas HiU, the enginedriver of the 9.15 train, proved that he slackened speed on coming near the Lewshem station and whistled, and the trin was stopped between the distant signal and the stationsignaL Cross-exmined.-The distant signal at Lewisham hs a very faint red light. He took It as an indication to stop, becaue he knew it, Had been on the line three or fov yeam It certanly was not a direct signal, but he thought that any one 'who did not know the signal would have taken it as a signal to stop. Ho had no recolection of having said at any time that it was a very doubtful signaL By the COURT.-It certainly was not a direct signal, but as inferior one, and had been so for some time. By Serjeant PABBmy.-He had felt it his duty to complain to the stationmastsr of the sinal being an inferior one. He matde the complaint to Mr. Nelson, who was the sttionmaster, eight orjten days before the acoident; and he said something to the effect thAt It should be altered. It had been repaired since the melancholy ccident. The sitnal was frequently out of order, and he had complainet otfe ito the porters as well as the statlonmaster. It was not even a good light at times; now it ws altered. The moon was cloudy on the night of the accident. The signal did not come right romd, so that the enginodriver could see it distinctly. There were other signals on the line qnite as bad as this one. (A laugh.) Hoe knew the line himself well, nd was therefore very much on his gurd. The prisoner Perry was only casually employed on t' line, but e had been employed as an engln iver for several years upon otber railways. Re-examined.-By one of the rules of the company an enginedriver was directed to make a report. after every journey of any defect in the road or the signals. He had not made such a report personally, but he believed that reports of the nature he had mentioned had been made. By Serleant PARRY.-These reports ought to be m de to Mr. Reed, the locomotive foreman, who ws staioned at the Bdeklayers Arms. He spoke to the stationmnater at Lewisham about the defective state of the sgnal upon one occadon, and he also spoke to the porter. He considered It was the duty of the stationmaster to have had the signal altered immediately. He believed that a report of the de. fective state of the signal was made to the foreman of the locomotive department by other drivers some time before the accident. He saw the report in the book, and he ashould him-self have reported it to Mr. Reed on the night of the accident, in consequence of what be observed the condition of the signal to be upon that occasion. By Mr. Juatice CROM5PTON.-It was his custom after he left Blackheath to look for the white light or all right signal at Lewisham, and if he did not see it he knew the red light must be on even if he could not see it. He shutoff the steam on this night because he missed the white light, aDd he did not see the red light or danger signal. Mr. J. G. Harris clerk in the superintendent's office of the South Eastern Railway Company, deposed that he was a passenger by the 9,15 p.m. train from Strood on the night in question. He was in a firstclass compartment of a coim posite carrige. After leaving Blackheath he saw the danger signal at Lewishamn two or three times. It was a good red light every time he saw It. By Serjeant PARRY.-Witness was in the service of the company. He looked out of the window of the carriae purposely to see the signal. He did so because he felt the break put on. He did not see any other passengers put their heads out. Some of the passengers, he beleved, were examined before the coroner and the magistrate. George Abbott, the head gnard of the 9.30 Strood tra deposed that when the train arrived at Blackl-ath they ha the average number of passengers for a Sunday night. The train was started by a signal from Mr. Chapman, the sation. master. The prisoner Perry was the driver, and Whiffen was the stoker of the engine. After they started from Lewlsham witness observed the distant red light at the Leu 'lam station, and he immediately put on the break. The engine. dciver, Perry, ought to have given witness a sinal to put on the break, but he did not (F. go When he ad put on the break he looked out of the window and saw two other red lithis, one of which turned out to be the station sigral, and the other the red lamp of the stationa train. The collision happened almost immediately afterwards. They were going at the rate of twenty miles an hour when he first saw the red lights, and about efght or ten when they passed the distant danger signal, and ran into the other tran. Witness's train would have stopped at Lewisham in ordinary course. By Serjeant PAiMY.-Witness was on what was called an observatory break, but the train was sometimes so arrranged that he could not see the signals from it. (A laugh His position was more elevated than that of the engmedver, and he had consequently a better opportunity of seeing. He had no means of communicating with the enutedriver in the event of anything oocurring likely to en,gna the safety of the passengers. All the carriages were full when their train arrived at Woolwich, and three fresh carriages were put on for the traffic between that place and London. As he was in the act of putting on the break he heard the whistle of the engine, and he had no reason to doubt that everything that was possible was done to stop the train. The statlonmaster at Blackheath told him to go on, and said all was right. Fe was aware that the line was worked by telegraphic as well as ordinary pignals, and when Mr. Chapman the stationmaster told him it was all right, he understood that he meant that everything was r ht for taking the train into the Lewishain station. he telegraphndt w orked bT a sort of dial lke a clocs, .and it would indicate clearly that all was right upon the line, or the contrary, to any person who lookedatit. Hehadsaveral timesafterbeingtoldthat all was right at Blackheath, found the danger signal up at Lewisham, although there was no obstruction at that station. If any one had been waving a red light upon the line witness thought he should have seen It Reexnamined.--Althogh lie might be told all was right at Blackheath he should stila think it his duty to look out for he danger signal at Lesm if he were not otheie occupied. (A labugh,) If the esteam had been shut off and the breqks applied when he iirst saw the signal he did not think the train could then have been stopped in time to prevent the aocident. John Bartrem, the under-gpard of the 9.30 train, deposed that he gave the prisoner Perry the signal to start from Blackheath, and he observed the distant danger a whern they got between the two bridges, and immediatly applied his break. By Serjeant PAnRY.-He heard a whistle, but It was a man's whistle, and not from an engine. He believed that the enBine was reversed. He should have treated the whistle to which he referred as a danger whistle, and should have put his break on immediately upon hearing such a whistle. Witness was not regularly employed as a guard, but was engaged as a porter, and occasonally acted as guard. He had never said before to-day that the whistle he heard wa a man's whistle and not the whistle of an engIne. Re-examined.-The break was on when he heard the second w. stle. The engine was reversed as it paased the distant station, as it appeared to him. Abbott, the head guard, was recalled, and he stated that only three minutes were allowed for putting out and taking in passengers at Blackheath and getting to Lewisham, the distance being 3,280 yardse. They were delayed a minute at Blackheath, so that they had only two minutes to do the distance and put out the passengers on this night. They were generally four minutes going between the two stations. Robert Lethbridge, one of the passengers by the 9.30 train, proved that he observed the red light at the Lewiaham sation before the accident happened. Cross-examlned.---He did not say anythilng about sen the red light until a month after the accident. He staie the circumstance to Mr. Nelson, the stationmaster. Mr. Chapmsn, the stationmnaster at Blackheath, deposed that he started both the trains on the night In question ulpon the authority of the signal man Griffiths. The disa°nt signal at Lewisham was visible at Blackheath both by day By erjant PARY.-He did not look at the telegraph dial before he gave the trains the signal to goon. Itwasno partof his duty to do so. Griffiths was the signal man. He ws alo eployed as a porter. He oould have see whether the dial indicated that the line was clear by merely taking the trouble to look at it. Between the time of strting the trains Griffiths would be employed in sorting tickets. The dial was not self-acting, and some one was always within the sound of the bell or gong attached to It to denote that a message was about tobe sent. Re-examined.-Witneses other duties would prevent him from looking at the indicator. Mr. John Nelson, stationn tr at Lewisbam, deposed thab he wM on duty on the night of the accident. He stpped the 9.15 train, and he noticed that the distant signa stood at "danger" while the train was stopping, and also at the time the accddent happened. Several persons were killed when the collision took place; and after the accident he went down the line and saw that the ignal stood at full danger. He saw Perry after the accident, but he made no complaint of the state of the signal. It was looked at three times every day, and oftener if requie,a the wire by which it 'as worked was sometimes Mareeby the atmosphere. The signal had been adjusted on the day of the accident. By Serjeant P.Atim.-There had been complaints made to him of this signal being defective. Itwas not " chronically ont of order, but sometimes was defective from accident, and then it was repaired. He could not say whether Hill bad complained to him of the signal, but several other drivers had done so. All distant signals required to be looked at every day, and something had beenudone to this signial since the accident by the gasfitter, but he could not say what repairs had been effected. He made no inquiries as to what was the matter with the signal, although he was perfectly well aware that the lives of the passengers on the line depended upon it being perfect. The witness after a good deal of hesitation, an dapparently with great reluctanc, amited hatsince the accident the gaspipes belonginB to theg had been cleaned out, but he sid he was n aware ether they were also brightened. He knew nothig about it. Serjeant PARRY,-And you aye ti l statiorinaster2 Witnesg-I ame. Serjeant PARRY.-And have not been suspended ?-No. Serjeant PA BRY.-Nor blamed in reference to this trans. action ?-No. Serjeant PARRY.-Nor praised?-Not that I am aware of. (A laLugh.) Cross-examined.-Witnes was aware the first train wag late and that the other train ws close behind, but he took no steps, by using fog signals or in any other way, to give the approaching train any notice that there was an obstuaction. It would have been totally against the orders and usage of the company to have placed the 9.15 train in a postion beyond the station, so that the second train might have come safely up to the platform. By Mr. BODKm.-In witness's opinion it would have been a very dangerons proceeding to have passed the train on beyond the station. The moment any complaints were made of the signal it was attended to immediately and the necesry alteration made. The sigl was lighted by gas, and after the aecdent the gs man was sent for, and he reported that there was nothing the matter with the gas pipes. Thomas Gilmer,a police constable, deposed thathe received charge of the prisoners at the Lewisbum station, and Whiffen told him that he was poking the fire betreen Blackheath and the place where the acddent happened, and he did not observe the distant dgnaL. Perry at the same time sad he did not see why he shonld be giren into custod,v when he had reeived the order to go on at Blackheath, and he did not observe the red light tll he got to the bridge nearest Lewisham, and he saw it was the danger light, but only half turned on. By the COURT.-The expression actually nide ue of by Perry was, that he did not observe the red light till he had got nearly through the bridge, and that he lmmedia-tny shut off the steam and reversed the engine. What ne understood the prisoner to say was that he did not see the light till he saw it shining on the abutment of the bri At this stage of the cae the learned Judge, Mr. Juntaee CRourTox, observed ta after the niden ot be d wit. nesw and the statmmnt of a former one, that Whiffen was st the time really engaged lI 'atending to the fire, he thought the Jury would condder therew&& not sucieat evidence to onvict that prsoner. The Jury said, they were of opinion that there W no cam Int the fireman Whiffen. wae then riven that the uefortunjte deoeasd was one of the sfferers upon the occasion, and this closed the cme for the proeeution. Serjeant AIRY asked his lordship whether he thought there really was any evidenoe against the othar prisoner Perri that rendered it necersy for him to addres the jury, Mr. JUStice CROMTOI said, it Was for the jnur to say If they conidered that there was any evidence of culpable negllgence on the part of the prisoner. he jury upon t held a short conmultation together, and then sd, they were of opinion that the evidence was not sufcient to convict the prisoner, and they at the sme time begged to be allowed to pres thr grtest dssatisfaction at the extremely defective stte of the signals and the L_d time kept upon the North Kent Ralway. Mr. Justice CROarpO2 said, he quite concurred with the jury that there ws no evidence of mlpable negligenoe on the par of the prisoner. He was told at Lewisham that it was all right. He knew that the train ahead of him ought not to have topped at Lewisham, and it was very poesble that he did not see the light until he arrived at the brdge as he stated. A verdict of Not Guilty was then recorded. The prisoner John GrifrithN was then placed at the bar, and arraigned upon another charge of manslaughter arising out of the same transc on. isr. BODII sid that, after the careful oondderation Mhe jury hd given to all the circumstances, and the result they bad ar*ved at, he felt thAt he was not called upon to offer any evidenoe against the prisoner. He at the same time thought it right to cmy that the nanagen of railways were In a podtion of verz great resqonsibility, and in the present intance they had done all in their power for the prerention of aocidents; but as sometimes did happen In such cases the very additional measures taken by them for the prevention of accident sometimes led to inconvenIenoe, and appeared to have done so on the present occasion; but the diectors were most anxious to do all in their power for thprevention of accidents of this description V erdicts of Not Guily were then taken in al the remaining eas, and the prisoners were Immediae dischaged from custody.
IRBLAND. (mmOX O OWN CORRnR"PAW-nw ' DI) 1tET, WEDN=Ay 76BU-NIG. eSTAE OF BLTAsT. The Lord-Lieutenant and Privy Councunin Iren land have found it neeesary to place the people of Belfat under the stringent operation of the Crime and Outrage Act, and have accordingly issued a proclamation, which is to take effect on next Friday, " placing" says the Premaigs Journad, "the Athens of the North under a coercion, to merit which would be a diEgrace to the moat wecluded parish in Irelaud." The proclamation bearsthe signatures of men of all parties-the Chancellor, the Reeorder, Baron Greene, Lord Seaton, Mr. Eatchell, exALtorney-General, and Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald, Attorney-General. The effect of this stringent measure will be to disarm all clases In the Catholic gun. clubs, as well as in the Orange lodges, and to confer on the magistrates appointed under the proclamation the power to grant license to carry arms. All parties will be noticed to hand over armas of any kind which they poueas to the police, and any peraon disobeying such notice will be subject to imprisonmert for one year. Bztter late than never. But it is to be regretted that this Executive vigour bad not been displayed two months earlier, and the public ear would not have been shocked by the recital of such scenes as disgraced the "Ixish Athens" for three Sundays past. The Privy Council ahould have set about the work of intervention on the 13th of July last. The Commission of Inquiry resumed its sittings in Belfast yesterday, and was occupied the whole day with the examination of Mr. W. S. Tracy, the loca stipendiary magistrate, and which had not concluded at the adjournment of the Court. Bylastnighf s accounts the town was unusually tranuil, sio that we have probably heard the last of the Belfast Rliots. At the Privy Council yesterday a barony in the county of Fermanagh was also placed under the pro. visions of the Crime and Outrage Act. DBl. OULI. It is announced that the Most Rev. Dr. Cullen will very shortly leave Dubln on a visit to Rome, where, it is reported, some measures are under consideration with respect to the government of the IkiJh branch of the Roman Catholic church. TEB FUNDS. Three per Cent. Cersola, 89X; ditto, for accout, 13 of October, 901i Newr Three per Cent. Stock, 89 o ditroa f or account, i4th of October, 90 901;* Grand Canal COGI pany (10l.psid)l 36 z. d. ; M~mrzg Compay of Irelnd
NOR WICH MUSICAL FBSTIVAL. (FROM OUR OWN RIPOR77RA NORWICH, S8pr. 16. The Eastiern RM iWay 0ompanY have afforded et facuilitles to th who roy feel inclined to visit Nor,wih during the festivaL Return tickets, from all stations, at asngle fare for a day, and at a fare and alf forth wee4 bay. tempted hundreds to come rwho might otherwis have stayed away through motives of economy. From Lowestoft, Yarmouth, Lynn, Summer Leyton, Fal-enham, Derdham, &;c, theexcuralon trains bring oonstant reinforcements. The arrivabls to-day have been inoessant, end the hotels and lodginghouss ar likely to reap a golden havest, The weather oontinues extremely favourable, so much eo thAt the atmosphere of Norwich hms Assumed an unfamiliar brigntness. The " lions "of Norwich ae various and interesting, Bot to speak of SL Andrew's Hal (at present monopolied by "singing men and women," blowers, scrapers, and thuper upon instruments, whose exclusive business lithe festlval), or the cathedral (a noble specimen of the Anglo. Norman style, with its spire visible, in clear weather, nearly 20 miles to northward), the venerable ulldbh1l, contuning Among other objects, the veritable mace of Queen EILzbeth-the market-plaoc, where At the outh-west corner stands the parish church of St. Peter Macroft, one of the finet exaxmplee in this country of the Iater pointed architecture, and renowned fat and wide for its bels nd its ringers-balf.&.doren smaler churches, the most CuriZus of which are St. Gile?', St. Gregory's end St. Peter per Mounter gato-the bridges acroes the Wenaum chiefly to be noted for their antiquity-the scanty remnant of the ancient wallJ, together with other thln$$ too numerOus to Specify, are one and all worthy Inspection, and render the metropolis of Eaet England, which, less than two enturies ago, was the thrd city in the idngdom, and "the chief seat of the chief manufacture of the rbealm,' an object of intrest both to thea nt= and to the man of taste who admires the beautiful m evary shapo without caring to inire very deeply bout Its orig ne first ning concert, as we have hinted, was of a very mixed character, condsting chiefly of a hodge-podge of pieoes fot the Itali D in , selected from the operas just now most in vogue. such an entertainment, however tedious It mlght seem to the jaded ear of a London amateur, gervedneverthelesstoengoss and faninate the Norwich audience A more brilliant asembly was never perhaps sembled in a provincial concert-room. The ladiee of Norfolk outshone themelve, and more than vindicated their elaim to be ranked among "the fairest of the land." The hall being lighted with profuse hlberality imparted a iazzling splendour to the scene, and the prospect from the eastern galleri (where the president, vioe.presidents, and their families anre ationed), which embruned at once the nave, the iles on either side, and the well-proportioned orchesta cd bythe towering organ, the ensgn of the French ship Odnereux t the apex, and an army of singers and plyers at the base, wa in itst way nnsurpaable. Accordmng to custotn we subjoin the programme of the firstoconcert, as an average example of the hairmonious banquets administered to patrons of the festival. PAnT L Ovtn*-- ltuy Bias, . ende"ohn Quastet-" Over the dark blue Waete Webt. IatnaBathbhtti - - .. .. .. .. Mozart Arih-" Bi rino teabro"-- Mozart. Dcetb"-1 la d da em. moza gcema, Aria-" 3H wadil Mozart Sertetio-" Sol, soh", Mozart. 8cenas OoeIthan nmigty monster" Weber. Dueto-" AlP Idea di quel mnetedJo" Boer L Decriptive Cantata-" Tamn OShanter" Howud Gloer. Pr IL Overture- eumlmllanoe Tell .. BcsnL Song-. Tose ening Bells" . . u on Parcarle snd Ohonu-" Anlco 11 plodolegno Auber D 0et" ParigI o eAra" VerdL lxe"za--' Di Proreml Verd6 Romanza-" Spio gentir .... . . Doni, Datttlo- ourI axil . . .. . .. }£oza Son- Te Batue Kin. .. . MorL Qurtetto end Cboru,-" Chi my ona - DonimttL Ovsture-' Le Nore dl Jte - - .. Mozut. Bet. Wa enough and to spare, but not too much for the audienoe, as was suggested by the faot that until the overture to Ftgaro (oomposed by Moart in one of his hours of unclouded merrment) had commenced not a lady or a gentleman began to stir. The " str' of the evening-or at least the singes about whomtbe gretes degree ofexcitement prevadled-were Mademoiselle Piccolom and Sigor GiugllnL The "petof the opcr" s Mademoiselle Piocolominihbs`boen desgnated, w m her liveliest mood, and, exerting All her powers to plesse, succeeded to admiration. She thoronghly Captivated her heaes in "LA ci darem." She not merely sang the notes, but as ususl-smiting bhe action to the words and music-gave full dramtic significance to this exquisite inspirtion of Mozart, a more cnial reading of which wr never heard. This end (tco inrvallo) " Pargl o cars," where the repentant i'c-aovata abandons herself to her last fond daydream, Mademoiselle P;ocolomini wa compeUed to repeat, at the urjent solicitation of the aembly. In "aI ci dmrem she was asisted by Signor Belletti, In Verdi's duet by Signor Gluglini. Both these ccomplished vocals sng their be-, and shared the honours with the "1nfant gate, of the London public. In "Bcatti, batti" Mademoiselle Piocolomini As most ably ccompanlcd on the vielouce31o by Herr Haumann, an old favourite at Norwich, and a capital player in the bargain. Signor Giuglini's peat sucoes was In the well-known romanme from the Fdaroit, which he sang with a grace and feeling that won unanimous sympathy, and reslted in A scond encore, the same compliment having been prevously accorded to his "II mie tesoro." Thu other ong in the Don Gioanni selection, " Ml tradi quell' Alma ingrate," Elrira's denunciation of Giova, s en trused to Mademoisele LIonhardi (Fraulein I.eonherd ), a young lady from Hamburg, about whose capacity as a vocalst we are umable to say anything at present, Surely It as M-judged to allot so difficult a piece to a beginner. The famou end ineoo ble sestet, " Sola, mol," by Madame Novello, Mademoiselle PiOcolomini, Mr. and Madame Welss Sgnors Giuglini and Beetti worthily crowned the selection. Mademoiselle I*onhard was t down for A soprano at in this, but nDO being equal tothe taskMameNovello undertook it impromptu. Our Englilsh Artlsts, to their credit be it aid, are always ready, at a moment's otice, in cLasical musie. " Ooen, thoum ity monster" (which Madame Novello seems to h node f abandoning t p ) eeds no descripion The sprling duet from the Brbic re was given with ble ese and fuen by Slgnors Girdoni And Belletti. Mr. Howard Glover's Tan O'Shaner w performaed with great spiit, and, s regards orcestra and chorus, with greater correctness than on any priou occasion, Mr. ranad, too, &M Glovef's ppUi, although he had to oontend wita the formidable memory of Mr. Sims Reeves (for whom the cantata was exprely written), entitled himsf to high praise for the energy of his declamation And the good taste and extreme carefulness with which he delivered the tenor solo.. This young gentleman ha a voioe worth cultivating, and seems inclined to take advantage of ntres gilt Tamn OShanL met with a right heart reception, and deserved it. The term "charoteilstc" is not applied to this oompettion without reason, snce, in addition to Its rema ble merits as a muicd work, it is stamped throuhout with a character that connot be miunderstood. ft aims At imitating the Scotch style of milody, and perfctly moeeds in accomplshing what It Ws not easy to acoomplsh without falng into vlgnrity. Mr. Gloveres good judgment has saved him from this danger, and wbUe every piece, chorus, and solo in the ca-tafa is instct with the Scottish element of tune, there is not one that can be acued of either parody or plagiarisn. "Inspiring, bold John Barleycorn" (to single out one instance from man) is neither more hor lem than a frank and genal melody I excellent keeping with the Epphic lines of Bur, and quite worthy of them. The continued suocem of Tamn O'Sh4r Is therefore not to be wondered At, and the influenoe of Mendelahon's captivating manner, perceptible in the orchestral aooempniments, only adds a chnam the more to the whoile. Mr. Pierson's new setting of "1 Thome eeng bells," ls As unlie the old Russian tune to which Moore allied them as one thing can well be unlike another. The former is just as laboured As the latter is simple And unaffooted. But why reset words that cannot without en ffort be wpated in the mind from the melody for which they were expressly intended? Mademoie31leLonhrdiwasmormathereasinthi than in "M i tradi," The familiar brcarole from Mfasaniacjo is not precisely that sort of thlnq in which Signor Gardoni shines to mostadvantege -he gase it chastely, however, if not with sTicient energy. Sgnor BeUetti gaMe the achrymose outpouring of Garmont senior to perfection, end the duet between the Contmss And Susnne,, one of the melodious "gems" of Figaro, delighted everybody from the lips of Madame Novello and Mademoiselle Elocolomlnl Mr. Prnk Mori's "Battle King" is very spirted, and was admiably sung by Mr. Wes The band, under Mr. Bone. dict's experienced guidLuce, played the three overturee-all masterpieces, and yet with nothiag hatever in common, in firrate style. Mr. Bl,groJw s vtolin olo wsm admirably executed And loudly applauded. The National Anthem was sang at the commencement of the onaoert. There wre about 1,400 preewnt in the haJL AToy nother very full audiene wea attraced by the Brat morning performanc. At thme coners applause s forbidden, or atlat refrained from-acoording to an etiguette not altcgether intelligible, The EArl of AIbemrle, who dte in the presdent's chair, and his immediate circle enjoy the monopoly of enoores, and are by no means disinclined to take advantae of their priv'lege. In Mozarts Bequiem, the last of the three oompositions of wIhich the programme condsted-for example, the three quartets, "' Tuba mirum," "Recordare," and "Benedictas," were all repeated at a xgnal from the officiating president. True, theee marvels of vocal writin were executed to the higbet degree of perfection by O:mae Novll Mrs. Lockey, Signors Gardoniand Belletti, and well-mented the honour oonferred uon them; but it was rather hard for an audience of 1,20 persons to liten to three long pieoes twioe over in snoomon without a voice in the matter. They might possibly have desired to hear one of the magnifioent choruses in which this glorious mraterpiece abounds repoated insead of three pieces, however beautlul, on the same patten At the ' Sanctus" the audience roeo and remained standing till the end. The increadng popuLuity of the Requiem is to be rejoioed at, The result u due to the Sacred Harmonic Society, who set the example of constantly producing it ; and the members of that instftutfon hve reu son to be proud of their work. The other plems-Spohr's Chrisian Psayer and Mendelssohn's Ledgeatcg-rer for theamost part admirably given. In the Lobdgeang Mr. Benedict tookthe three preliminary movements for the orchestra in the exact time intended by the composer, and the style of their execation conferred infinite credit upon the bend. The duet with chorus "I ted for te Lord" was finely sng by madame Novello end Madame Weis., and would have been " encored;" bt lneilthepresidesst wstoo lat, andthe Mayor of Norwich, wke Iva se to make the sga, declined to aret the prge of the shonus, " Oh bl_se are the that hope," which Mr. Benedict very 'dldouily began the itf the two lades were scated. ug Mend.iohn' t work was heard to the end withott nterrupton. e think It was wrong to divide the tenor-paut In the Lo6gesa,, since.-althoough Mr. lkoky pav the air, ",1He oounteth ei our borrows," in a highly chase anexpr*i'e nnnr, and dagain won favourble nottoe In the pbil scene of the re pet oe(" W ma, wil the nrt soon PaSsc l'er rthere lmoo rsneoftheu drbl pe5s1ge le0d?nglp e to tw aingem Bedefe the 'mue flr the o ooeeharacter, and cannot oedtnb mreo the wthoe yto its effect. In the smooth, meloiu,adbatflIsrmne yno Spohr, the ao o ~socnrlo eo,adhm were allottdt~ aet~es,Ms oky ege Loc~key ond Wis h eepretya oeI h music, and leet bs te ot h eegmb wsh n three potheg were remore llenc uor frene o the treble voices, which bore the ialm for the rest in almost every chorus, and t ee reeso rnlemeU oe for rty rof tonatgonand presionofattka fortheorohc qu ie already namned. In the " ligbht lade~ ad Sn ye the Lord" (Lobgerang, the efec t of' th ma voloex was as wonderf ul s It wsagreeable; the passage leading utothe high B fiatI h latter was never more perfectly takn. The whole concert was interesfting, and the more so from the agreeable controst in the styles of the three mpetn nzster who resemble eh other in nothing but xn exoelence. Wor rould the Performane hmave bieee a bit too long hadlit nt been for~ theeonces.m To-night at the "mcud misoaellaneous concert the programme contains a symphony for the orchoetra (Spohr's &,aso,zr), and IA this respect alone Is entitled to more rexpect thLn its predecessor. Mademoisele Piocolomiui and her sompanlons make their lact appearance.
THE HISTO.RY O THE OA WNPOE MUTINY. (From the CaIcuta XngUshm, July 28.) We have received the following priculars of the outbreak and msare at CAwupore from a person who has jnst oome down from that place antl ho was present throughout the affair- JIe reports that some eight days before'the mutiny broke out, or ay eight days preious to the 5th ult., General Sir Hurh Wheeler, seeing the disaffected spirt of the troops, app.ed to Nes, Sahib, of Bithoor for a gnard for the protection of the Treasury. is request was prornptly oomplied with, and Nena' ent two guns and 200 Nuleebs, rmed with matchlocks, and these wero placed at the Colleotorate over the treaure. A day or two before this Str Hlugh Wheeler had sent elephants to remve the rre, mounting to about seven laoe, to the intrenchment, but the Sepoys would not allow this to be done, sa-lng to the collector, who had told them that he was appre ensive of the treasure being looted by the budmashes and mutineers from the other tation, tht if therewere twioe the amount they woold guard it from danger. On the 5th ult., about 3 In the morning, the Sepoys aud Sowars commenced burning their lines and shouting, and proceeded towards Nawabgunge, where the treare was, leaving one regiment to prevent the uroans from going to the relief of the collector. By-audby the trre having been pecked on elephants and carts, this regrnent Joined the others, and it ws then about midday, and the mutineer met off to the westward in the direction of Kullianpore, and towards Delhi, accompanied by the 200 Nujeebs, with the two gun of Nena Sahib, leaving the inhabitants relieved, as St ware, by their departure; and up to tha^t time there Ihad not been destruction of property or In the morning of the following day, about 8 o'clock, the mutineerM, headed by Nena, with 600 of his followers and four guns (having, It seems, previously made up their minds to degtroy all the Christians, whether European or native), returned to Cawupore and halted about tWo miles to the west of the lntrenchment, planted standards, and took up a position, with loud beating of drams. Immediately after about 60 Sowars wero detcbted to the cantonments to sday all the Europens, and 50 Sowan to the town where the poorer people lived, to kill all the native converts and clerk. During this time Nena Sahib hoeited two standards, one to the honour of Maehomet, and the other of Hunman; to the former some 2,000 Nahomedans repaired, to the latter but a few Bindooe, none from the city, but somea of the budmasbe.. Tho main body of the insurgents first attacked the Nawab's palace, and, having blown open the gate'with their cannon, they entered the lace and gutted it, and took the Nawab prisoner, Nens Lhib being under the impression that the N aab hxd concealed some Europeans. They then proceeded to the intrenchmente, and from 2 o'odock commenced the attack with cannon, at firat with two of the guns, and on the following day with etr- It appear that the Europeans within the intrenchmeuts were not well supplied with ammunttion, as it Is supposed they did not expect an aeAult with cannon, and thus were only able to reply with one gun to 20 of the enemy's. For 17 days continuo the mutineers ued every now and then to m an s t, with 4,000 or 5,000 men from all quarter, with the view of carrying the Lntrenchmeut by storm, but were invariably reptued with heavy los. By this time the Nena's foroes had increased with the addition of budmashe. and mutineers from other stations to about 12,000 men. On the 21d or 22d nit. Sir Hugh Wheeler snk under the wounds which he had received, and the garrion, three or four day fter his death, being short both of provisions and ammunftion, and reduoed in number by several casualties, hoisted a fLag of true. Nea Sahib then stopped the asault, and sent to Inquire what waa, meast by the flg. Answer wsu returned by the Europeans to the effect that they had neither food nor ammunition, and they proposed to give up the ountry to him ou his allowing them to depart. To this NenAconsented,undfor twodaysgupled thex with food, and in that time prepared boats for their departure. At the end of this time Nona gave the Europeans his word in writing, and he, his offioers and head people, confirmed it with an oeth. The Europeans then gave up their arms and the treasure the intrenehments, amounting to about three lacs, and were conveyed in Eandoets.nee gbharrLe and hospital dhoolSes, most of the lals beng In the latter, under au escort of Sowar, to the lat, whore they embariced in 17 boats out of l9 that had been Z~ded, with the exception of acme 32 lades with cdl- As soon s the boats bad pushed off from the gbat the boatmen jumped overboard and swam to the shore, and then the mutineer, opened fire on the boats from a masked buttery of eight gun; which had been previousl erected for the purpeo All the boats wrer snk}, and the people on board killed, writh the exception of one boat that tod parsed down, and some 20 Europeans who had manaed This boat was pused by 500 Nujeebewith two guns Who came up with It on the scoond day, and sunk the boat and destroyed ev one on board off a place called Go6hein-kaSeeraJpore Th ttwenty and odd Europeans who swam on shore at Cawnpore were bolown away from gun in the course of two or three days se each dAy. The 32 ladies and children who were left behind were conveyed by Nena into a puoo-houe called the Subhadbur, and kept in custody by Nena Sahib`'s people, but without being insulted. One Portugnese woman, the daughter of a bugler, was made captive by a trooper of the 2d Cavalry, and carried to his house, when the mutiny first broke out; but wben he was abeent she took his sword and klled his wife and two children, and then herself. Our Informant states that when hoe let Cawnpore on the Ist inst the ladls and children wero fed by Nena's own sar-ant,
PrOPOSzD CovIns or A zsEzs AT XArcRnsTXr.- At a meeting of the town coudcil of MaYche6ter, held yesterday aletter wa reed from Socrekry Sir Georce Grey lqnq ng whether, in the erent of tha reoommnd,tloaX c1 the Common Iw Oommisdon, for the trander of as1ze buzinew forthe hundred of Selford from Liverpool to Mhnchester being carzied into effect, they mre prepered to adoot the neomry ioasures for such crimlnal and civl bnhnem by providing eparate cort and lodgings for the judgcs. A resolution wa proposeod on the reading of the letter to the effect that Sir George Grey be asgurod that the oonnciL in conjunction with the hundxed of Selford was prepued to make such provision. In answer to the question of a coundWor, "Where the money Is to come from r It wu stted that it bad uevu been proposed tht Manchester of itsolf should make the rovisi n. The towns of Bolton, Buxy, RBchdale, Oldbam, Tihton, Stabridge-in fact, all the towns within the hundred would particpato en the advtantages of such a cbange, nd it sotldbefor the marisates of the county to take the neooasry stepa to provide for the oourts. It was believed tbht no powers existed at prsent enabling the mnistrtes to apply eonuty rates to such pur,poes, but it ws hopd tbe Government would eev St to be their provtnce to introduoe a general public Act next sesxion of Parliament to give magistites the power in all such casem to use the oounty funds for naildng such provision. If the ma t of this colmty obtned6uc poers, undoubtedly it would bo doe4, because there oould be no question that the aving to be effooted by doln the bnuinesw In the Hundred, incstea of dragging people £or eight or ten days at a time to Liverpool, wonld far outweigh any expens to wh! h they might be put in providing oourts n lodgigs for'the *dgee. The reolution was unanimousy agreed to. M,L UnQuAisT &T PRuliS..-On Sunday eyen- Ing, Mr. DaviTId Urh who is at present sojoniuing ab L thAn, Roted r=eton In compny with a Ventlesan, whcee amne our corepondent cu not learn, mn order to addir a meeting of the Foreign Affairs Conimittee and their friends. There were about 40 persons present Mr. Urquhart delvered a characterisi addreas, embellished, as usual, with violent epithets appUed to his *udience and Englinhmen In genera, such a ",you miscreants," scoundrels," "you idiots," "You fool " "allowed all thhs &c. Being aked if an extension of the franchise wol be an antidote for the evils of which he complained, he entered tnto a spoeh of half au hourfs duration, in which he sid that the man who usd the word "reformt was either a threefold Idiot or a threefold knaveT and he talked about "restoring the ancient sonsdtt. tion o'EnglAnd." Mr. J. J. Merriman, editor of the Predoa Guardian, who ha asally come into the room, then rose, and at sone lengh exposed theo ophigms of Mr. Urquhart, who interrupted the speaker, nd sid he " did not oome there to be talked to, but to talk." The audienoe, however insised upon Mr. Urquhart maintaining order, and, Wr. Merriman proceedlng with his addres, Mr. Urquhart took up his hat and reti in a gb% of indignation. A Voloo.-"There is one ' miscreant' uing nouw."] (aughter.) He was then followed by his nknown friend. Mr. Merrimin went on with his address, and demoliBhed the fallcies of Mr. Urqukht He was supported by another speaker, who asked the oomrDittee what wa the practical and feasible antidote for the evils of which the, wlong with Mr. Urquhart, oomplined ? He oondemned tae visionary scherpe of " the Pharisee Urquhart," who certainlywas not "a 1other men are," who was oenstantly be-aturing himself with praise and de. nouncing as "1 hetesis all bodesde" He ridiculed Mr. Urquhart'g oonduct as suicidal and highly Improper; be came there to them for tblrcoooperation, ld then very dox. kell dubbed tbem *'idiots, snarats, and fools," and with the greaet ie;lty. After some further dlsu. ilor, durnr which Mr UJrqua was very roughl ha ndlcd, the pseeeln trmiaste with a vtobof thazRs to Mr, Yual- e
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES-OFFIOE, ThMmday Aorning. INDIA. The following telegram was received at the Foreign-oTice through the Admairalty, Sept. 17, 8.25 a.m. "CAOLIARI "To the Sccretary of the Admiralty, London. "The Bentinck arrived at Su ez on the 9th inst., at 10 p.m. The dates are :-From Calcutta, August10th; Madras, 17th; Point deG(alle, 21st; Aden, Sept. 3d. "Lord Elg;u reached Calcutta on the 8th oZ August,in Her Majesty's ahip Shannon, accompanied by Her Majesty's ship Pearl. These vessels had 300 extra Marines and 300 soldiers on board. " After the mutiny at Dinapore, a small force, consisting of 160 men of Her Majesty's 10th Regiment, and about the same number of the 3,th, was despatched to relieve some eight Europeans, besieged by the mutineers at Arrak. The expedition was not successful, and our loss very heavy. "General IAoyd has been removed from h:s command, and General Outram invested with the command of the Dinapore and Cawnpore divisions. " The 03d Regiment of Native Infantry was disarmed, at Berampore, on the 1st of August. The 11th Irregular Cavalry and the Governor-General's Body Guard have also been disarmed. "The Himalaya left Calcutta on the 10th of August for the Mauritius. "This intelligence was received from Acting Consul- General Green, at Alexandria, under date 11th of September, 10 p.m. " For the Earl of Clarendon, (Signed) CAL STOPFORD, 1Rear. Admiral. "Consul CRAIG."
EXPRESS FROM PARIS: The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday (Wednesday), 6 p.m.:- Although one or two of the Paris papers positively contradict the statement that preparations are makiug indicative of the expected or possible visit of a great personage to this capital, I am not on that account shaken iu my belief that such au event is on the cards, and that the Emperor of Russia will be invited to come to Paris. It is thought here, in well-informed quarters, that the Bmperor Napoleon wouild very much like to bring together, at the Tuileries, the Sovereigns of Great Britain and of Rtussia. This idea may not be realizable-at least for the present-but it is still hoped that the Emperor Alexander will come to France. As regards the presence of the Empresses at the Stuttgard interview, it is not held to be quite impossible, but certainly very improbable. There have been negociations on the subject, and the Emperor of the French would, it is thought, have been well pleased could it have been arranged, but there are scruples and difficulties iu the way. The Empress of Russia being nov in Germany, it may be considered certain, for obvious reasons, that if she does not go to Stuttgard, neither will the Empress Eugenie. These interviews have caused a great deal of talk here, but if an exaggerated importance has been given to the question *whether they should be or not, this is only in proportion to that which the principal person concerned is believed, perhaps erroneously, to attach to them. The subject involves considerations of too delicate a nature to have permitted it being much discussed in the Paris press. It is now said that the Empress wiU not visit the camp of Chalons. The weather continues very fine here, and we may presume it is at least equally sO at Biarritz, where she may, perhaps, prolong her stay. She has time, however, before her. It was at first iutended to break up the camp on the 25th inst., and the contracts for its supply were made up to that date-they have now been prolonged to the 5th October, The arrival of the Indian mail is a great godsend at this dull moment for the French papers, and already their columns are filled with comments and speculations suggested by the telegraphic outline of news as yet received. A few mistakes are made. Thus the Presse says that the 800 men killed at Dinapore were passds par les arrmes. This means that they were made prisoners, led out and executed, a statement for which I can find no justification iu any of the despatches as yet published. The tenor of these would lead to the belief that, in the act of mutiny, the rebels were attacked by the Queen's troops and shot down. Considering that four regiments were in a state of revolt, it is presumable that the most humane French editor would haraly have advised the English to wait to receive their lire before assailing them, or to have ixiited them as is said to have been done at Fontenoy, to fire first. The Uiirevs is of course horrified at what it styles " executions" of S00 men at a timne, but the Univers is in extremely bad humour, having had its recent virulent attacks on England shown up by the Debats in a style that leaves it not a leg to stand upon. At a loss what to reply, it still asserts its prophetic powers. It says:- W We know very weU that the Anglo-Indlan empire would not be eternal, nor even of long duration, and we look on at the e :comaplishment of the justice oo God. This lesson is good for the -world. As to our hopes, we do not think them chimericaL Whatever may occur, England must come out of the affair very mulih weakened, and that is what we wlsh with aU our heart." Tbis is both frank and friendly. Tt is quite natural that the saints of the Univers, the haters of heretics, the men whose writings daily rrove them to be imbued with the true spirit of Christian charity, should de3ire to see Protestant England humbled and cast down into the dust. Their sincerity may be thought more doubtful when they declare they declare themselves moved with pity foa the unfortunates who are tortured and murdered by thel indoos. The sufferers are only heretics, and as sucb, at a period to which it would seem that the U.rers desires to see the world revert, might have received similar treatment at the hands of the Inquisition and other merciful clerical tribunals, which the Univ ers must surely remember with respect and regret. It is certainly not the U7lvers that would sanction that recruitrment of French volunteers for service in India which some of its contemporaries have recently positively but erroneously announced to be in progress. In the departments, one journal said, this enlistment was vigorously proceeding, and private soldiers were to receive 1,OOOf. a year, lieutenauits 10,000f., captains 15,000f., besides a free passuge to and from India; the duration of the service fixed at five years. These are tempting terms, and highly though I am disposed to appreciate the courage and talents of French rilitaires, I do think they would be rather dear at that price. It is probably to save trouble to persons who might be anxious to discover the recruiting agents authothorized to propose these liberal conditions, that the Moniteur to-day announces that no such foreign legion is contemplated, and that the report is entirely devoid of foundation.- It adds that none but British subjects can be admitted into the British Bryvime Thia rule we know, if neces- sary, can easily be waived, as it was in the last war. B-ut, before this be agam doneV,it is to be hoped tb'i at least as good terns will -be offered to British recraits as were ever held ut to foreign mercenaries. The dispute betwc Dn the Canton of Vaud and the Pederal Council is not yet eettled, but will, doubtless soon be so, aud is not of sufficient inportauee to possess interest out of Switzerleud. Prince Napoleon's journey to the Isthmus of Suez, lately spoken of, has beeu abandoned. During his late excursion to the south he paid a visit to George Sand, at her residence in Berry. It appears that it was not his intention to go to the Chalons camp, but that the Emperor has commanded his presence there. The Prince Buonaparte, grandson of Jorome, who is an officer in the Spahis, and who served in the Crimea on the staff of General Morris, has arrived in Paris on leave of absence. On their way back to Spain it is said that the Duke and Duchess of Montpensier will pass a few days at Turin. The railway branch from Chalons to the camp, 25 kilometres in length, was opened yesterday, iu the very short time of 70 days from the first survey. A train left Paris at 9 iu the morning, conveying M. Rouher, MIinister of Public Works, M. de Franquevile, Director-General of Railroads, the Count de Segur, and a number of directors and other persons connected with the compauy. The terminus is near the village of Little Mourmelon, just outside the limit of the military territory, but close to the Roman road leading up to the Imperial head-quasters; close also to the commissariat establishmnents, whbich are at the south-we3tern coiner of the camp. The opportunity of the opening of the branch was taken to present the Emperor with a suite of carriages, built for his express accommodation, and which he bad promised to go the terminus to receive. No less than 2,400 workmen bave been constantly employed on the branch. The telegraph was opened a fortnight ago. At 3 p.m. the Imperial carriages, glittering 'with gilding, arrived at the terminus, and the Emperor came up just at the same moment, with Marshals Vaillauat and Canroberi, General de St. Jean d'Augely, and other officers. He appeared greatly to admire the train constructed for his use. It consists of five carriages, communicating by little bridges, and comprises ante room, larder, dining room (the latter wainscoted in oak, with furniture of the same wood), a carriage arranged as a tei2ace with choice flowers and a balustrade of beautiful workmanship (this carriage is uncovered) ; then comes tlhe drawing room, fitted up in the style of Lou:s XV., with furniture of sculptured and gilt wood, and Aubusson carpets; two bed rooms complete the sumptuous suite of apartments. The carriages are decorated externally with carved and gilt bronzes. The whole getting up of this railway mansion is remerkably perfect, and well worthy of an Imperial travelling residence. It cost nearly 300,CO0f. The Emperor complimented the Company on the excellent taste displayed, and it is said to be decided that he will use this train for his journey to Germany. The engineer of the new line, the inspector of works, and the chief of the caruiage department have received the cross of the Legion of Honour. The Emperor examined with much interest a locomotive machine to which the Company has applied Dumery's principle of combustion without smoke, the success of which is said to be complete. The opening of this railway will doubtless be very disagreeable to the innkeepers and carriage-hirers of Chalons, but it is an immense advantage to persons desirous of visiting the camp, if, as is presumable, it is to be at once opened to the public. It is positively stated to-day in Paris that a chemnn cle fer de ceinttre is to be constructed-a railway, that is to may, completely encircling the camp. A letter from Algiers, of the 10th inst., contains an account of the cordial and hospitable reception given to Admiral Lyons and the officers of his fleet on their late arrival there. On entering the port of Algiers on the 4th inst., and after exchanging the usual salutes with the batteries, the Admiral landed and paid a' visit to General Renault, acting Governor-General in the ab3ence of Marshal Randon. General Renault, accompanied by his staff, returned the Admiral's visit the game afternoon. The officers and seamen of the fleet visited the town durhig the 5th, Gth, and 7th inst. On Sunday, the 6th, a great part of the population of Algiers visited the English fleet. A G o'clock the same evening General Renault gave a splendid dinner to Admiral Lyons and several English and French officers. On their arrival the band of the 68th regiment struck up " God save the Queen." The most perfect harmony prevailed at the dinner, and when the dishes were removed, General Renault proposed the health of Queen Victoria in the following terms .- " Gentlemen,-In pre ence of the illustrious Admiral who so gallantly commanded the British fleet during the war in the East, and who afforded so cordial and so complete an assistance to our armies both by sea and land, I feel myself naturally impelled to propose a toast. in which you will heartily joen. 'To the ve.q graciors Queen Victoria who gives so many pledges of sympathy to Franice -to the august Sovereign who maintains so high the honour ot Great Britain.' This address was received with shouts of applause from the guests. The Admiiral, in returning thanks, expressed the satisfaction he experienced in visiting the port and city of Algiers, and proposed the health of His Majesty the Emperor of the French. After dinner there was a reception, at which the entire corps of British officers was present, as well as the civil and military functionaries of the place. On Monday the Admir".l gave a grand dinner to General Renault on board the Royal Albert, to which were invited the company of the previous day and several ladies. The dinner wes extremely gay, and several toasts were drunk. Admiral Lyons gave " The Emperor of the French." General Renault propos^d i' Queen Victoria and Prince Albert." General Bazraine proposed " The health of Admiral Lord Lyon.," and the Admiral, in return, gave " Prosperity to Algeria." On Tuesday morning the English flcet sailed for Mab on. Fires are becoming of alarming frequency in Paris. This rniming the house occupied by the Restaurant du Pont de Fer, on the Boulevard Poisonniore, wps burnt down in a very short time. The walls alone remain standing. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 66f. 55c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Ha'f per Cents. at 9of. 85c. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,330f. ; Great Northern, 845f.; Strasburg, 655f'; New Sharos, 640f.; Paris to Lyons and the Medi- terranean, 836f.; Western of France, G9Of. ; Bordeaux and Cette, 625f.; Great Central of France, 605f.; Lyons and Geneva, 640'.; Bank of Oredit Mobiier, 75Gf.; Austrian Railways, 63Gf. 25c.; Russian Raiways, 505f. CoUs r A tdthacSque.-PAnTS, Sept. 16.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reineburrable for 10 years), 91f.; Three per Cent,., 66f, fi50. 60c.; Bank of France, 2,800f.; ditto (550f. paid), 2,800f.; Cr6dit Fonder, Obligations of 5COf., Four per Cents., 425f.; ditto Three per Cents., 39Sf. 392f. 50c.; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 85f.; ditto Three per Cents., 80f. ; Prom. Obligations of 1,OOOf., Three per Cents., 935f.; Cr6dit &fobilier, 775f. 770f. 790f. 780f. 777f. 50c. 760f. 750f. 755t.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 9Of. 90f. 25c.; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 961; Romans, 861; Spanish Three per Cents., Exterior Debt, 39S. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 25f.22io.- money, 25f. 17',o.; three months, paper, 22a 85o. ; money, 24f. 85a. Y AUSTRIA. (FROM OUrP OWN CORREsPON-DENT.) VIENNA, SxTr. 1A It is very genera11.y reported in the city that the Emperor of Austria intends to meet the Emperors Napoleon and Alexander at Stuttgard, but information has this morning been given me that their Majesties wil leave V;enna for Ischl in the Salz Kammergut towards the end of the month. The speedy and unexpected return;o Baron Budberg from Wereaw forms one of the principal topics of conversation in political circles, ahd it is believed that he is the bearer of some friendly message from his Sovereign to the Emperor Plran,i Joseph, lt is positively aflimea tinit-tbe Russian Minister a day or two since applied ;eor audience of his Majesty, but if so, it has net yet been granted, for the Emperor has been shooting in the mountains for the last eight-aid-forty hours, and will not be back in Laxenburg -until late this evening. 'Ihe Vienna diplomatists, who seemed much perplexed when they first leamed that theEnperors A lexander and Napoleon were about to meet, have entirely recovered their self-possession, and profesa to believe that the interview between the two Monarchs " will be attended with the very best consequences." This probably means that the Emperor of the French will endeavour to bring about a better understanding I between Russia and England and Aiustria. On the 9th there was a popular festival, or "Bacchanale," in the public gardens of MIilan. The gardens were lighted up at the expense of the city, and appropriate amusements were provided for the people. The festival commenced at 4 in the afternoon; but the Milanese were much less noisy and turbulent than usual, although there was no dearth of rope-dancers, tumblers, fantocciuti, improrisatori, magnetizers, and musicians. Between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening the Archduke and Archduchess drove in an open carriage from the Palace to the public gardens, where they were received by Count Sebrigondi, the Podesta, and some other civic dignitaries. The burgherband struck up the "Brabanvonne" as the Archduchess Charlotte entered the garden, round which their Imperial Highnzsses, who were preceded by a detachment of Pompiers, walked. A fter a stay of about an hour the Court party retnuaiid to the balcony of the palace to see the cathedral, which was lighted up with Bengal fire. The white light, which lasted about 20 minutes, was like a veil to the cathedral, and the details of its beatutiful architec. ture were only seen when the colour of the light became deep red. The King of the Belgiens is at the Villa Giulla on the lake of Como. On the 12th of* September the -Archduke Ferdinand Mraximilian redeemed all the things that had been pawned before the 27th of July in the Imperial establishment at Milan for a smaUer sum than 2 lire (is. 4d.), and returned them to their owners. The 27th of July was the Archduke's wedding-day. Great complaints are made of the inactivity of the Board of the Lombardo-Venetian Railroad Company. Nothing has been dOne during the last year excepting the line Bergamo-Coccaglio, but the Governor-General of the Lombardo-Venetian Kingdom has obtained a promise that the Ca -arsa-lUd'neNabresina Railroad, which will unite Trieste and Veri;'ea, shall be begun without delay. The Austrian Government is naturally impatient that the railroad in question should be completed, because it will enable it, if necessary, to send its troops into the heax I of IWy with equal speed and convenience. It is said that the negotiations between the AustUian Government and Mr. Brett for the canstrnc tion of a submrrine telegraph from Ragasa to Corfu, and thence to Alexandria, are almost concludcd. As a matter of course, the station in Corfu w;1l be under the superintendence of the British authorities. The British (loveznment an1 the Eant India Company will be at libeily to forward their despatches from Corfu tbrough Austria, or through Sardinia by way of Malta. ITALY. (ass orno oWN cOR-RsSPONaDrT.) TURIN, Sxr-. 12. The most important event that has occurred in this part of the world during the last few days, not excepting the triumphal entries of the Pope and the Arehduke Maximilian to the seats of their re. spective Governments, has unquestionably been the failure-the third of the kind-in laying down the submarine telegraph from the coast of Africa to the Island of Sardinia. The operation was attempted on this occasion by commencing from the continent, and it appears that it was successful until within about 10 miles of the most southern point of the island, Cape Zeulads, -where the cable was found to be nearly all run out, and, therefore, it was necessary to splice on a spare bit of the cable intended for the line from Cagliari to Malta, which had been put on board by way of precaution. This was also happily accomplished, and the operation was continued to within two miles of the shore, when this latter cable broke in about 40 fathoms of water. The place where the cable parted, and was thus lost, was then marked by a buoy anchored there, and, exazt bearings of the spot being taken, all parties employed in the undertaking seem to have left the cable to its fate for the present, with the hope of recovering It next month, v -ien Mr. NewaU is to return for the purpo:e of laying down the cable from Sardinia to Malta. Thus much we learn by telegraphic communication from Caglian, for the actors in these events have not yet a".. rived upon this stage to give an accouut of their procecdings; but it appears that a good deal of indignation and scandal has been excited both in high and low life, both in official and unofficial quarters, at the publication of a telegraphic despatch addressed to the Mlinister of the Interior, and which was surreptitiously given to certain newspapers here with a modified wordin-, which might have mislcd the public and money speculators as to the real results of the late submersion. This first announcement was, however, speedily corrected by another telegraphic de3patch published ia the official paper, which gives the details known as I have endeavoured to explain them, and the functionaries of the Telegraph Coompany themselves do not appear to know anything more precise than that the cable is at the bottom of the Mediterranean, and that it has been ascertained exactly where the monster was last seen, but this knowledge does not appear likely to satisfy either the shareholders or the public, and the consequence is that the value of shares continues to fall with each unsuccessful attempt to siDk the cable. A number of persons temporarily imprisoned on suspicion of being concerned iu the Mazzinian plot of last June have lately been released at Genoa; and I understand that Miss White will be restored to her countiy before long. SEPr. 14, Of political news there is absolutely nothina to commuiicate from Italy to-day, but, en reva2whc, we have tidings of sad misfortunes by fire and flood in different parts of the Sardiniau States. At Sestri Ponente a fire broke out about midnight on the 12th, in a shipbuilder's yard, which, in consequence of a strong wind, was not subdued until 4 a.n. next morning, after havitig consumed three vessels and a great quantity of timber. As soon as the news of the fire was conv'eyed to Genoa by telegraph, the authorities sent six engines, with a force of firemen and soldiers, to the rescue. The Intendant-General and the Assistant-Intendant and the Conrmandant of Gensdprmes reached the scene about 1 a.m., by wbich time two vessels were a1ready consumed, and a third in a fair way of being so. The workmen of the neighbouring foundries were tuined out by their employers, and assisted the military, police, and Custom-house people so that after several hours' hard work, the flame; were isolated to that part of the yard where the already burning vessels were, aud by 4 o'clock in the moiniug it was a11 over. The value of the property lost is valued at about 300,000f. Most fortunately no one was in any way wounded. The cause of this disaster has not ye; been ascertained, but every inquiry is being mad, on the subject. In another quarter, in the Valle d'Aosta, a small toerent which flows through the Commune of Arnas was so swollen by the rain on the nightof the 10th inst., that it overflowed its banks, and detroyed 10 or 12 houses. This occurred between 9 and -O-o'ciock at night, and it appears that 'the inhabitansa44ihesa houses had no time to escape. Twenty-two, deaths are aIlready awcertained) and waeaD personE 2xe g! n;ssing. Seven persons were xsscuc3 from the tuins, more or less injured. The road from Vetres to Bxed wes renderci impausable for more than a mile, by the quantity of rock and stones and dG&ris thrown upon it, and the mail between Aosta and Ivrea was unable toprocerrL The money value of property destroyed is said to be about 80,030f. The local and provincial authorities have been very active iu affording aid to the unfortunate sufferers. On Friday laat the Provincial Council met and unanimously voted 1,OOOf. for the immediate wants of the Commune of Arnaz. At the same time His MIajesty sent 2,COOO. frxom his privy purse as soon as he heard of the disaster for the relief of its victims, and the Minister of the Interior has appropriated 1,00f. from the estimate I or his department to the same purpose. The Minister of Public Works in the kingdom of Se dir;a has just published a notice to railway speculators, informing them thsat the timrn ap- I pointed by law for the Ministry to concede tiee works for the Coast Railway from the Freuch to the Modenese frontier having expired without any solid or acceptable proposition having been tendered, the same wiiU now be thrown open to public competition, and inviting them to proffer their eatimates on or before the 31st of next December; and as there is not time between this and then for 'those who have not already made surveys of the line to complete their studies for that day, he declares him. elf willing to receive their tenders on their entering into certain recognizances which may be learned at any Sardinian Legation or Consulate abroad, or at the Einistry of Public Works in Turir- There is a report that the preliminsary works for t'.he railway from Piacenza to the Sardinian frontier have been again suspended on account of some strategical objections offered by the Austrian Commuandant at Piacenza. The King of the Belgians, who has been passing some days on the Lago Maggiore, at Baveno aud Arona, in strict incognito, left the latter town yesterday for the Lake of Como. The Monitore Toscano has lately publishedbuUletins of the health of the Hereditary Prince, who has had an attack of the measles, from which it appears that the crisis of the malady is pas', and the patient is now progressing towards recovery. The Monitore loscano gives an account of the ivauguration of the statue of the Immaculate Conception at Rome on the 8th. The Pope, attend^d by numerous prelates, proceeded in proc,ession to the Piazza di Spagna, where the column surmounted by the statue is situate, and was received with great honours by the Spanish Ambassador. The Pope then blessed the monument, and burnt incense around it, after which the Avc M/aria SteUa was sung, and the Papal benediction given to the people. The Pope afterwards admitted the Ambaasador and his household to the honour of kissing his slipper. lae Count of Trapani arrived at Venice on the 10th from Bologna. SPAIN. The Madrid Gazette of the 12th instant has completod the publication of the new law on public instruction. The measure has occupied the greater part of three of it3 numbers, and consists of not fewer than 307 articles, without coulnting several transitory ones and some tables of fees. The Lithographic Con espondence, a semi-official organ, states that the Government has not yet reetived information of the acceptance by Mexico of the mediation of England and F'rance in her quarrel. vith Spain. A letter from Valderas, in theprovince of Leon, states that an ecclesiastic of that place is getting a large balloon made for the puirpose of provinp that he has discovered the principle of guid1ing such machines in the air. He has announced that on the 29th he will proceed as far as the chapel of the VYrgin del Comono, about two miles off, and then return to Valderas.
F.EOTRIC TELEGRAPHIO DEPATCHBES. (FROM OUR OWN mRRllEqPA?llrQ N Wind S. SOUTHAMPTON, TRURSDAY, 10 A.M. Anrived.-Two Friends, from Cardiff; Despatch (steamer), from Jersey; Susanna, from Newport; Allian a (steamer), from Ha'sce. Sa:'ed.-Mattbew Thompson, for Newport; Pet, for Sunderland; Courier, steamer, for Jersey; Havre steamer, for Havre; Argyl, steamer, for2ew York. Wind S.W. LIVERPOOL, TIHUSDAY MORSIRS. Arrived.-J. N.White, from New Orleans; Seringapatam, from Bombay; Enterprise, from Bahia*; Moreton Cs-,tle, from Porto CAbello; Susannah, from Marseilles- Lusits, from Pasges Italfan, steamer, from Havre, Bamb.er, from New Orleansz Orinoca, fromPrinceEdwaa's Land. Urania, from Marseilles. W;nd S.S.W. QUEENSTOivN, SEPT. 15. Ariived.-Jeweu, from Richebucto; Romna, from CP lao; Reliance and Mountain Eagle, from Bahia; Hermione, from Port au Prince; Tartaro, from Odessa; Sumter, from St. John's, N.B.; Traman, from Tagnurog; A ugusta, from Odessa ; Mischief, from Labrador Harmonia, from Galatz ; Laugarden, from CarthPgena ; Sovereign of the Seas, from CBIISo; Stag. hound, from St. John's, New Brunswick- Amazone, from G:i_dano; Marco Polo and Liz;i, from Odersa; Helvetein, Altama, and Hope On, from Laguna; Anstralia from Cardiff, pumps choked; Tribune, from'CaUao; Ids, from Demnerr'a. (By suBYARiNE AND BRrmSr TLFEORATP.) GRAVESEND, THURSDAY, 9.30 A3.a Wbind S.W., tide 2. hours' flood, fine. Aiiivcd,16th. DuedeBrabant, from Monlmein- Dahlis framn Ceylon ; CornwaUis, from Calcutta; Edgar P. itsinger from St. Jobn's, N.B.; Jackson, from Cronstadt; Robin ou, rrOm Constautinople; Friendship, from Memel; Rotunda, from M-amichi; Queen Amelia, from Trinidad de Cuba. Arrivcd, Sept. 17.-Soho. fromn Havre. Triton, from Csl~~;Milord frm Aton' Sa tar, from Shanghai; cliptic, from Mazatlan; York Town, frorn New York Tomoado, from St. John's Nev Brnnqwic; *.Jemima, from iga ; Deptford, from Trinidad; General ?otdlehan, from faban, Perot, from Gravelines; W. Darley, from Alexr Sailed.-Favourite, for St. John's, Newfoundland. Wind S.S.W., light. DEAL, THURSDAY, 9 A.3L &-sed.-Her Majesty's ship Rhadpmanthu%, from the westward, for London; Paris and Londoa screw steamer from London, for Palis; Paris and London, froma Paris. for london; Col:nda, from Moulmein, for Sunderland; Do. rothea, from St. Vincent, for London. Ancbored.-Psince;ss Louise, from London, for Barbadoes, Pestonjee Botnanjee, from Sunderland, for Cape of Good Hope. SP;ied.--Cbanticleer, for Jamica; Clin, for Demerara, a.th others outward bonnd.
PUPCHASE IN THE ARMY. TO THfE EDITOI OPTH TIMES. Sir,-So far frori proposing to cut down the emoluments of m;litary officers, Sir Charles Trevelyau has recommended- I. Increased rates of pay, especially to sube terns and colonels commanding. 2. Exemption from the charges for regimental bands, which it is proposed should be borne by the State. 3. Regulated rates of fall-pay retirernent, according to age and rank, at the increased rates of pay; and 4. Exemption from payment for commissions and, although there would be some reduction of misce7laneous allowances, which would give to the a;rangement to a certain exteDt the character of a consoldation, the advantage would decidedly remain with the army officer. The financial process by .which this result has bcen arrived at is described in the following answer (4,753):- "My primary object in mlkidn these statements has been to show that purebase iz an evil root, which has produced a morbid and excessive growth of expenditure under various heads, sad that it woldd be more econoinical to abolish purchase- and to be,n again and establish a new scale of pay and allowances. For instance, the half-pay of tbe Line and Guards alone amounts, under the present system, to about 250,0001. a-year; whereas if it were confined, as it ought to be, to reduced officers, and offlicers not entitled to full-pay retirement who are temporarily or permanently disabled by wounds or ill-healtb, it is estimated that 80,0001. a-year would be sufficient. I am. &C.. A__AN ENGLSEMAN. 3ondon, Sept. 16. 1Adveb5soen~.j.. .vee~rr an D rer." U"This most (ntee-tuiniw novelotte, by that verY Popular writer Cutlbe,t Bede, we 'a omy n Orout readers luaee the " Wolverh mr}ton, chrowt. (1") willT ho od Worthy of tho far*faxned author f ' Verdant Oiremn.' The Kucoeeof "Nevrer a-d Dearer" may be eati,aated 1befact, that- no Ieetbao 10.O0Dcopies wer ted nthda byhoa ~ Cnhhet Rde s arid huouxet.andnot leee ekille with ~aer~ ollof alet nt nerlr.nt.Allwh can enjoy a good nor7
SALES BY AUCTION. THIS DAY-~Fy EDWLN FOX, at tIe Jast, at 12% REEB OLD Homeo and Shops, with frontage, to Pinig--trees and Tower-hill, and nunmbered 4.thereiu. Lera at £12 pwr annum. TLInt 1)AY.-I8kEDWIN Pi, ty h as at ~12, FREE aOL No.7, Fort-street, Spitalfiolds. [EASE O LI)Propety, cmpriing Sixc Houses in J4 Em-grve, rixtn-nIi. RntalLisOper iuaisn,m; ground rent TIlilS DAY -H D I O, e h at1, rl12,~ TEBASEHOLD os n hp o 30, J~areg- dieAsteet, West,inter lt at £01 per annum. Term 32 years.4 (iround r rr £5 2so. Icraun:. I 1h'~I6 O LI Invs Isnnt, omprsing spaci ous JJ seehngisooe nd res.les.No.1, henec-tret,Bedf.rd. e.uare three Cseh-ir.ouree nd siabing. e Obne-eraud a4plca. Hone~ndSho, No 2,Cheles rret; et o lesesat renta o! £116 lO. lice nnum, at sublt at £10 per nnum. Tem221 yearsg. THIS D_A.Y-By ED .VIh P21OX, at thie MNart, at 1V2, ABSOLU'IE Reversion to ore-tenth of £42,300, .1 ayable on the death or a, lady aged 67. ariAsy,October 2, at 12 -Sly ~EDWIN FOX. atte MUart, FRELRO LD), at Hack-ney, comprising No. I, -L ariar road, a brick.bult House. let at £2s per annum. Parli. mulals at the BMart: Of W. Roso-i, Esq. solIcitor, 14, Ringastreet, Finsbury-: and at I.,tin Pox's offices. 41, Coleman.street, Sant. Tjrl.y Ot ,.- V D IN ROX, at th~e Mar, a 1:2, P4 REEB OLD, at Wiest Drayton, Middlesex, comnJkprlslog Yicsisey LIdge, a de:lghsfal residence and grounds, with opitdll not-offices. Good fishiing and hunting adjacent, anid every requisite for comfort and ple.sure. Parzthulars at the Ifart; of IP. Ormre, Es( , solicitor. 14. Chaucer)-lane; ankd at Edwin Fox's office, 41. Coismnan-esiret, lank. jaiday, t:et. I2Sly IDI o, tteMrt, at 12, In to lots, T EAS HOLD nveament,equivlentto at Govern. L.4 ner Anuity frm is peulir scurty, comprising two firstratesidtablshd pbba-onas he hip Chr,el-etreet, and Anchor and lope Jamica-tret. Oiaoeclai,oadeas: helid for terms of £1e2rlO e. l- Heia, ad, worth £n140 per aninum. ParmticuleArs ath Mart;rof . IEaotcula sat slcthr, W i.are;an et, EdinsFox's and axs Erwin.Fu-ol6 e, 1 o ia-treet . iak Fr:0Ti Day, Oct. tb.- My EDWIN FX tteMr,a T EAkIItIIOLD Rsidece, v cs.t 1 p aind ,Ken R.R INS begs to notify that the SALE by 51 AM ON Of11rtLONG LiiA.SEHSOLD RES-IDENCke, Ae-totn Vi-la, near tbe L.erlsi,am.rvad. wiil take place THIS DAY, at II2 foi 1, at the A-ctlom Mlart, an-d no2lt pcrsep porIly. eacticulari at lire Aoction Ma,rt andi in Us,,,at-garden. halo ETla ily at te AcirMat-Int celeirrtes Din9-ing Ee.us No. 13 Srn'.wiSPossso. y6 R. ROBINSwilSiL byA TIN at tho A Meet. Tfllg DA,a 2'rI oo.teltrsre tboo ACIR'Lnowre DENINGIHTEIHETCle alCo ouse, at No. e3, Str,and. Paricuasa h at n nOvu garden. lee. 2, Carcdlare-eireet, eod-,ar.-urirendEecsfa1- M ESSRS. MELVIN, (withi Mlr. ACOCKS) willSELT, jT iy AUCi'OION. eni tee lrernl55Ose~ atovo, on Tuesday, Sept. 22, at 5, tLe teunsir,e FURLNITURHE, c mprising rese-wood tAbsles, sets of clare.tieiselecaretsan rus, leetred ctr-ernd Pianoforte. retof inng obis,sidbeeci, I oshoen hcosts 01 drawl-re washamiS, flnrp~r5 an irn bdsteds,feaherbeds. irtchen roinisliteg. mialooes sd o the premsrs;of M. fiher,oueen'g-erofe. 51 a.y- ledIrd.row. i~ESSRS. MELVIN (with Mr. ACOCKS) will MSELL, byATULTION.1, on the ?,-eeiees X.'. 7. Miug'. rad. BIs-- iserri-ow, on the S&h Is. at 1. 1-IIU-IP.HOLD FURNITCY.tE zid EFFECD3, rirclrit,: a. ciacir et piamofro tte. a v', rs- saleable anitisue rebinst inlaid wvith pearl. end ivory, set of dining tab,les, n tiso:e useful ane oruanlezisal Stemns. un view and carslo0res had on ths pee. Mires : of kin. Acocke, 2rS. Reseat-street ; and of Messrs Meolvin, 32, onliamshnpton-row. Itueeeil.square. Graqye-lsn.iane-Fr.hslt rodulicing £55 per annu-m. "R. LUCKIN wIl SLL by AUiCTION, at the GrICot to Tavers, &en ptlmil.:in re Iolhorn on Thursia.7 26, G-ex'e-lnnu-i,ne also three Houses, Nor. 1, 2, 3, Queen's Sead. ceiurt, Gr-oy's-lun-larri-, the a hole r.rosuisssg a, rental of Z58 p'r aTnnum. Slay he viewed. Part culaas of Mir., t11cNl!lliin. sclicitor, S. Barrnard'ai?n e. nd of tire acten-,er. .0, BSuctlersbury, E.C. I ns Britias S__perm Cardle popaus ' Works, Ftfer-u~ sw rd dlesex. ESSRS. ELLIS and SON have been favoured with 13 I. nsorutiona 117 the Directors .f the British Sperm Candle Cornui-amyto 8ELLIby AUC,TION~, at (tarraway's, onThuirsday, hel It,2at 12, in one lot, t'3o exteusiva sell admirably adapted PREE IUlEn the cups rim'rand coitl7 P!ar.t amnd Utensils, and the Goodwill of this im. pxnrtant L'rdertaking, establi-hed at an expenditure ot nearly £IO.flO, r'ho Cormpany wasa rosied frrr the manua-utuire of ateacic ant cornto-tle candle ; an artIlee has been p oduced of unrivraled qunlity, and a valusable and extensive conrexion o eO xits2 throughioutthelbki:ng domrt ad the colonies. An opportunity Is thi1n offered to capiallsFs (A entering itperr an established unidertaking, calculated to yield 're wmet liberal prO)fits. The whole of the plant and uten6ils are in complete working condition. an d might be immediately put into opeer,tli r; tbsp- have teeni oonatruct'-d upon the most approved priaicipiez, ezisudy. Ing cl i odern scientl:fe improvements. Theo heating Processes throsugh. oet the isanefacturero ad the chief pa,t of the mechanical operatioas ace perf,rssedl by steam. The present plant is equal to the working of about CO tone 01 candles per week, but tie premises would adnlit of a conrsiderable extenaeou of the mansifacture by a small addition to tSa plan. Te pemies,whIh ae wthi fie mnutes' walk of the low notin, ed ocupy n ara ofupwads o for acres, are held by leoi.e leeabot 8 yees,at grundren of£60peeannulm, with Power to HfMsr.Wih doanAd roeyner oicterors.15 Lndo.tetatG. MTh ENGLEHEAIaT will SELL by AUCrI'oN, mus h ries, Blackheatlh.park, Kent, on Thurs,day. Septemteer24,st11 o'clckpunctually,modsenuHOUSEROLD FURIUlt1ZJUE and EFFEOT6, con.priengjapanneli, Arabian, end French bounteadsL, featl-er beds and hedding. mahogany, marble-top, andI other washiLgetaUd, and fittings, dressingtables ard glasses, chests of drawecrs, and rharsberapeeonosges, drawing and dining rwom furniture in rosewood, walasrt, ane masogany lco, card, and oceszoinal tables, chairs, eaisy chairs and couches cheffoniers and whatnots, piccolo pi3unorute, set of mahoganiy dialog taislez, chairs, arrd sideboar'l, Oil paintings, ijts lniead rergaeinCn, Sru.sels a,ld other carplets, feniders and lire. leers, ard the usual dairy and kitchen requisit!s ; a powerful ele, rify. irginacbine; 0cob fenret, setddle an-i bridles a c.rem4urkab:y hiands.me preurg Alderney null two other cows, anad mLscollanellus efeite L i.On viEw she day prior rind morning of cade, and ostalogues obtaloed of Mir. Eigieheart. sltilVonter, valuer, land and estateoagont. 58 King Wlliam-street, E,C. : and the Bisotheath e- tate agency and auction Bfie, liac heath, S.E., directly ops osii.e the railway sta tion. - To Sculpor,Ma10 aero,.r.Bidr, n te ESSES.EESEL)adONEbgtan tO SEL byAW aC1 I n trPems,1. libyn-tet A est- 'Iser ION, Tlipoday1, rSep.2,at 11- on vcl ac of hAE24. candm loirsgldaiy, and ies. May toe viewegd, andeNselcus hd URatEprcnsies;tand of thde a redtioucors iu. mar canopyptee ,oroO Fex. whangoec.Ap hrveal bill a tertsi oniett withetaeni payment,n joLhiei ofrten orelevenitbe ad zoo est capt Moepac, nr seated caairv, riebl Sires y. dr.ngroom ult an ONwl SEL hy UC loiiecil oste. pelMlos nT.usa rSptmeb 4,adf! mconaletlgo modentntbr-lotsrda in nlnan,mrl,cnp, evs hrse., nlwt crexcellen bedier, a rl wa6lns ine n te wFiroenh clkeadvariousodtr bsl lrs,ad l h aiu s aeLdagin porf tnorleen bhed iroos aptldtigtb s src rested ensue,tarichlycarv.isTal efsr atdrearsbg,a lgn adru mroomusutite intvelvret s and neelework,rse-sotal,vris longWdeshairstrhe eod E.Catmmedeuswthm e tosocbneno SiurseirJcarpets andorugs andSon'stavnd l a o, automi ieodcia Fraensdiv and vsrinus rougrnamenaarticles, P an ihtdylhsi andtea chin, tebis glain, c.TofrtrsOthdoeiccSs, andreet,HnoustIes i thr adron laur ruo.Tbvee en Wedeseday ie and C et.O aeo rm n thefpremiser arndumat alsono Joha DveonantSn' land andgauctional vry cs.inactu.on. lamge. a nrd S arlie rexchcham era, 4T,ePwll-mallo pct shedo eadse f e aapted reo uxa& .d,a ±uraaAUCTIof N,e ohBedwye hnenly,Cshl,onrWdnsaesanipd sn af rlam yengofsaiu an oandla odem-buit wort hp, wAtncoulnur-ahos eI m om tbig c s t tesse, aloear-by ataeTennt,u Ole wbo mee In heaning at laellmver tomSE aLsbywAUh TIsgOyNr o ur texrellsesonTbcovredgatea Sentr2,ance.fo ,the whale pro pelyf thod ncelease foRaICUTem,Ao whIh 1 earENS, are unexinrd, t cart(oundee thpteo ntlxly 1 er anlugbs, hazrtowa ressigmac be obtsed at fok,and ofthesr.Ger eilnod teasby auctIoneers,ay28, OltSuhsreethr.sfo i Hai orse, Agiclturagh peeu and e-r a Fe~ a sturnOerpGaettsnIn ecottage, turESofaneS.t-oo DAV tag a ind p J OH sT''oneded arcdinstducte 13.abyothe Tenants, whol sau lqipeavnga tscaefmsittin oo SELb AhUCeviewed on te dyPremIes.ong Thursdan y S3tlgep ot24aiet o 1,iheprwholes ofteAue fzl: texelenBAeehLiveRaLd lahIiLe,Il'NiTgs comniland fiv taere lutone writh p8tentarid k-lange s arw, rsigOali-e ev forhe,ad ob--,3rthe qicr!ite of a smllarm,theehO Ivrsesfom regular far1 wrk,plug andT coDLE habegs,atoran-neuer hao In ixsliert pcrditionand-qutay,rDubl-dam'neffetsdalsothe uslulhouerb fum tocre of Ian telght-rornedcetotagin ineprome sheasned bRedsan eOti maoga3rnterchsir,tuabeInthe andrliiyof u te on tittmaU rooms clalDoneygO7lasses, rofal carpeting,Orlndwhthe salkthehnrequis eoiteins. ay b voiewed onevadaoly, Dceeing l,and agblseoband nwii ,con thaprisesbou 1.Mat ttthe Aure. olford:bte ehr and Mauraypolte, ginstegrie pand offh lse i and, wTbe theurer aitaler the Ocpaieh Oy loear,y onunty PDrileg bea o n ounciedtht ofis in ES ; rIS. RSW. I±NG and Co. will SELL by AUC0lNi TIN. onthe PremIses, 4. 1. Edmond's-isrrace. Regent's- peek, on Tueday, September 22, and feflowiug day, at 12 o'rloe -pU cerecisely. by oiser of the roprletor, vbho is leavisng town, the ele9 set mLodern HOUSEHgOLD FURNglTRpl, compricing a double drawlagroom asiite, in rosexol and walnut, of chairs, easy chairs. conureie cheffonlers, tIO amid otSer tables, elegant chiPuney anid conoloe gl,s in carved andI ilt frainsa, two full-compass cottage planiororte, harpaealm, Dresden and Other china ornaswent, bronze,,t &..he the dinineroom suite in mahiogny, comprising extending dinmug tAble. Pedal sidebords, chairs, easy chairs, hoot-case, large Brussels, velvet pie, and oIlier carpets ; the superior chambebr fuimitureicouetists of Arabian, irona, amId other bedsteads, winged wardrbob with plate-lase, door, cbeval and toilet glasses, niarle-to wahtse s tan nud dressing table.s and the usual obhamelr faimir P.er few fins prints and engravings, dinner, deozert, and tea services, kitchen and culinary uIronell. Viev-md lbs day prior an,d inorines of eels: cat dogiic en the pre2ises, and at lbs offices of tire arietloneers, 1, Wrllington-road,.St .onst-wonwoed. ulttsie. on u Premises of>the HItlish Sugar Refining Company, cr*llI-ste Doebhea. lJt -ivea udmy.es olhD uchnscPe UGU~STU SMITHis instructed by the Directors len I isdl Sgar Ixetuning Comapany to SELL by A ,UtrIOr On teet above eamicb, wouhTedy and NVednesday, "Septemhberr22 and 23.s commencing eh 'ay at 12 for e 1o2npt. the excftlIntXAOHIN. EYPLAnT, heoko lstu sgosUGAR 1 5tFIn*RYPall uearly nesW.MODu whichs mayi heS entioneda 30bhorse b°lubpressuure ale engine, 2 ft SInp . stroke, steam emlldr ofu1 ft. 6 iii. Y-ore, air dte, four ft.l and two air vace, hcrvdaboealtem gpaUl uponbess3Eor's. Proces, ,withgetea mga,iies attach two of Bcseromer' eugae-caronf macnines, loniio pumpa with m-ass valves. blew-ups. receiving vise s anid wrought-iron lat- marbler be,xes,7-feetbldaullc lift,with Dsuwp,pipe. a.d cistern,.2powerful by- rarulia preues with pun-, and 1t 0 wrought-iron plates. large sue-ar. ermrhing machlne with tuiersa and rollers, weigblng machines, cpper basins and ladies, a pourerful driving machine, fire clseraoal Iters 12 fast by 8 each, wrought-Iron cisterns, 240 brass barrels, sundry bales of stocking or fit'tering bats 12 charcoal trnecks, pateot feranes with chains, hGonks and slings, about 21500 lump or piece mo-ilds,nu merous decks dloe, and tare complete. aqantty9ot tools, fles, and i-ails, steam, water, and air piph.g. liquor cans.a, g hooks, snimpll3 g Ibons, a Quantity of useful wroughit and ceut Iron mnet-al, and many O!ber valuable itemBs; alt-o the superior fittings of board rooo3. secre- torys dtto an cIrk~soffce hic ar ofsupro rail aoay Almanufacturing Premise -Watroo-road. BESRE. FULLER~ ana BiORSEY are instneted B&L.t ELL by AUOTION, on the Freiclles. Herbert's-buoLnlgs WAte.rloo-.0roarI.T11I D&Y, Septem,ber 17,atll, inIwo lots,the oman Xflodiotis MtA TFAOPURI2 n FREMISES. of Mir. Lewis Ash, lathe andtool mater.situate. toHerbert's-bullotuK&W.nerlo-rod the prtwi cipea piortion of wbich have been erected within 1S martobt. Theyr cer PrIBe lofty andi light ground flser factoris occupa ing a large area an'I ffubstantIally erected store rooma. iron foundry. yard, four brick-bullt dwelllng-hooses. No, 25 to 28. HerbertVs, gatewaY entrance, and n be-er pho knvrnAs hePnumber's Arms. -4th sktittle ground, situate ifo. lS, ebber -ntmt. held ou irtse for long terms of ver at very low rents. To be viewed till the sale P*rtnil-ilr. may be bad on th-e promnise of Meenca Lawrence I'l--s. And Boyer. eolicitors, 0l4 Jews3chambers : and of Mdesera. Fluller and '5oceey. P,illiter.street, city. ToEniners,Ln'h-'sstT,wl MIan-r.e It,inlera, and othera. M ESRS.1~ULER tid HORSI{Y will SELLbyl AIUCTION. on tbe Pre.,,i.-e.% Herhcrt~-b,edldlrlgg, Water oo- roa, TRIB DA.Y. Seycnsher 17. And l'o-m! rrnw, At 1t each day. Inlots, without reserve, the valua'.le IS 10t and NUOHINIII-Y of Mr.LI. Ash. woho is rit,rin%r irsnt bu-tt-e#s twnetber with thb large asnortenent of patterns. The anachinera i,clud,sone l1-inch elrt,w-j cutting lathe. IU feet lNd. one e.-l'-actlng a'teaw -re, ta cut 15 incaes and one relf-actingl surfacinp alhah. all by, Hrmlib, Beacocic. and4 Tannett, 40 lathes of v.rilsu fle'crir-iion. 'from, 2 to 10 Inch centres, toot and engine turning, banin-gonrd sli 'e andI self-acting, three eelC* acting planing machine,. Felli-stins drilling machine, lead flap, 22 hence power oscfilkting steam-euyi,vA aud 1liojer, three high-prosionre table steam-erngineE of 8. 6, and 21 horm power, 200 feet eloaflinIg nicers hoda12 Ine. sd orkbe-eOts.oct-aeon cupola. Lloyd a fan,fiv toe fa,k, esitVa ool. treeton cast ann chear steel, 2,00 fet wough Icn tbin, stcta t a ad dies, and slgel tools, ratcet racs, crtalo ron ences ndvices. portable weIghing ESSFULLER and ITORSEY 'will SELL by MESS CSlOY. on Thnr-d4), Oct. 1, at 12. onthePremWass Cbarles-street, Bllacl'fci..r,.road, In 1.ta. the MACHINERY and 'UTENSILa. compriinig a -ix-horse rower ocnillattngl high-prescore Bteamsengine, by.Miller,.1a0IS-or-..rot-er a-romst- imo teatesnbDeler, by Cater. monildtglae m fiInn, tancircular raw benohes, wreu4thi ro, chafting with oaTning.twaolar sIr n water tanks, carpenters' henches, caws. tools. remnaining Ft,-el,, 300 deals. h.tte-na. And Dnnmer -us other Effents. At the came time s ill h.e Sold, the t,ease of the Premisas, comprising a spacious saw mill with gsliery and fl-ore over, al,,o three dwelling-housea, held en lexse f.,r 28 so r,, At a rente £f100. The pore minses may be viewed till the aee. and the elfeets on Wedoesday previous, when catalosues AntI p'rticuIarA may be hail on the premisew; and of Mlesor. Fuliter and Sirs- y. Hllitller-street. liC. Loughton, close, to th Sto.u.- Totlr%) cetc lt fIfehl ad firVIlM..and Shopa ]~~R. MARMADUKE ATEW will SELLi, .nr~atth Hat,on or-da. S pnmor 2, heSECOND POE.. eunhecin allthehighreadtriotsgs. na presenting meeft fa6vocr. nise erntlne erIl"Iti-sof . 0 Undon,Fcq, 2, luckleraebury; aes a Mr Mtthwe nire. tneuryi~nethnron Cty-rood near Tollington-paric, H-on-ey.-Ne I and 2EenrVlc.ho Ocesi atlion or Irlnvetrent 1JR. MAR713ADLK~ NI3 AT'I H EWVS WUIl SELLS att M31 the Mart o. Tue-c yp. Sttpt-ml- -t 22. In F-parole lot.. Nos. lasnd 2 of these de, it-ble semvi- et,-h,-c RMItaDENOFS, called Eleanor Vi-line Tolltigt-p;-s:ce, Ttlo,.i-acf1Dni,,d In modern tasie, of the value of £55i Pe, annu, en. h. P.rti-I.rar of Mde~sac riwrance Flews, and Boyer Old Jeesry. and et Mr!. MartI-ewe' offces. Finabuci rentechb0non. Vity-road ca t eW,,t',il!:atrset Fixchoea-s~nuae Ste well-bonut ics-, --,. tnn -- -o,* iO-; Vill-, on, the St. Thoi-.es Hospital Estate. H.ckney *i-.-i a eontar In,estmenta. and ISoddingr Land at llrebt-wo-d and Vdsln,nl-o,. JfR. MIARMIADTjlE MIATTllEWS wil SELL 1..at the Mart on T.nno,tn3. SeatI. 1,2 in sel-roe lots, Noe. I ana 2, end I and 6, Tudor VIl,4.. Eud,,r-r ad. A.6 lis. 3 ned 4, P'ercy Yule. and lleaces-don at ea-ly dan-c if a atirmd; alto E5ght Plots of re bold Laud, near the railn-ac st.l,mw at lirt-iAwood, end 'n-'apr Edmoniton. Partkeu!ars of Mate, Ird arid Sor. t'crtlland-ciab, r Greet Titcb[ieid-atreet; and at 'Mr. Ma ewe' olteec,Finsbury Pan. teebolcoc. t it-i-c~ d. . 1t-r shaten-i-rssn ,a te Mestanna and Clo-No t.Sri--Vl, ostoc~k of nl.-as anid foreign 'mId, and Silver Weteh-s, elegiant Clnck; Steakc off .Jewellery. .t-n. R.M W-ADLUM LEY vwill SEL-L by AUTOIm TY'N, o LeP,et-isAe& .0 Strand, iou Tuesday. Septemuber2Z~ and follocing day, at 12 for I eae* day, (trnder a deed of macgngment), the vaoultin Si' it. I conaprialagi ahonit 10 gold and silver watches with the p,ets-t I.ghl-ni.yIyn'ioveu,ct. 124 Geong-caatshee unfltijahed inmeveon.I- nsa-n~~ &c 40 vIt,icut mentaL. bruikst, anid othsr cloces. fashionable attack, of jewal ,,Y. shop fi xturee, and a varlet7 of efiects. lCataioguesxma) he had three 5ac p.lor to the sale of Vfes'rn Lumley and Lumles.. enlicitors, 41. Ludgats-street, city; or at the enotion o011cms. C7, Clharocrs.lan.. Leans of 2o. 70, air nsd en, t'ie Patent tsit lanfae. Mlelurens Els-bt-,s Iever Waccse 11R- EDWAUil LU'LILEY wi11 SELL by AUCO- JJTION, en thej PreIs-las-s No. 70. Str-nd, oa Tuesday, Sept. 22. at 121 fr 12, the LE&-.h of ~h. .,el P'tt l,LiiFS4 held for 5~ yezrz. at a low rent ; ,do tee alnv.-,entloned Patent. PartIculars wilth cOn,lltio,is of tale. casy be hadi, live dass prior, at Mr. Ltun!ey' officeI, C7. Charo-ry lare Second Dan's ,, SIr, a f-ny - 21. Littln Mm-e7finlds.N,c-;y -Dw llrnuhcm, are harle DogCarl, &C. 1~UrESR~. nEW c.d M 'IT 'WS wvill SELL by AUCTIN,THIS DY at 1 the rmainder of the superio- eli etster- tee, t, l P lc R. G-EO. (OULDSMITff will SELL by AU(J- LTJ TION. o' the- Pftltdi.s-, 12 ti.ve-te-tsvret, Pimlisco, on Friday. Sept. 25, At 12frI hn iteH t.-SEItiT ltt)FU.RNITUitE ; .m prinning m-'hog -fy a,nd ironi be-IteVts with betfdieg, mahogany and mnarble-top ,eeb--a, re u s-ste 'f dn-w-r s,an d tneennatnl eabeno-r reqiciice, eec of cricaron tal,nct &Tad d.meel window curtains, and o rinIces, dieiy, It-, fcad Dilber t,ble. seel of 20 And two elbo;w gill cobriole chairs no Orim -on telnet, two rein of mahogany dIinug con chairs %ne couch in hair cioch, e-.y etsh-s. acromsstlc telescope, a few pairntinFga and in-teth, kit-ben Api-endlages. and ni.-eful Items. May be viewed on Therrias. Caitelognee on the preent"es; and at the anntleneer'a ofli-e 3. Pot-etrn-et. a-id124, Hrgrav-road, PirnlIco. S5W To Colfte en,-, P.t - ni louse Re, is-ic. I reihern. AndP-antles FUTDEZinz XiIt. 'WHIiTTLE ,ill '-ELL by AUCTION, on the Prreens,e; -.-c,M.-5O.T.eptl.nnrlgr5. at 12.the yLV&SEand GOuT) WILL ef the lcl'STvFS ,,r the NORtTHUiMBERLANDIf C)IFFE-itInTIsE.ud DININO RtSO'lS I 1..Little New-eli-eec. FAr. nicgoo acnt, c- '-i -.ti e Qneen'- P.utlng-ofllce.an excc~jeile alto,lion for h-iee; aikn e ill 1'e Sold, in lots, all the genuine Forallitre of the ',sna' ei-ccri, tIe). Sfav lee n-lea-I aad nalalozuea, tc., had on to n ,emi-on And of the uoct-oneer. 45. Old-trecd, E.C. lOroinps,lt-rn.g,nhe in_ts, ,1. iigitfolP ReienilPrp ,y.wc 28 ce o 2--,,5 Fi-eenI .t Ittlesot irlteof thetIown, comlariali,g rome veceEucures of Aes-emrodatlio Land. admlr,h;, adptd fn-'- eoin of Vidlas, dalyp nought for, and very scorns in t~'sle'r 1~RPAlCE isdirected by tho Trustees under the l7LWlliof l- ls..teTr,nwrktm-.'.Sai., to SELL lay AUC-. TION', at 'be A-JgAl In.R, Sci got-aCe. on Weil-riay .ft .7, at 3 i.n the allern-i n, I-- liar WR01t te vil:a-le FREEH11OL6P-00'ERTV, known ac Iieai-bls; aons-rnielcg a an e-eels.at.lly Resl(tianc-;obe, ron t lton raoons; ofty etinipig rro em fe to- 6 In. lay 17 feet ft in., 11 hadl rbmls.butter's ps,,rny rn)atId-cl te anda-. ie're calmwith all the nracl'irceteniz fcr a femlia or the h'ghe c resne-,Itn2iiity. 7hisn sperior pr.cerLy iteal a chanracter rare'y 'olbinltteel to p'tlblc compcvtitsn, It ia itta flint-et--.nel,t tore'ii-colhalf a unie from the Ilasirgeteke StcMiops . the S:l-tih-We- t.-rn -d lro r -t W-t-'srn R-uilways, end wnotild ha puliairly Vtrarti- e to theAnisorre. ai,- ,leltig necrcy io lie cedite of lbs Io or-Imonttlisend Hitemp hire hitts. ai,d within fretl,,et resetl ofMIr. Garthbs a-.,I :tic` 5ot.h er. . I.f:a ba'viewed 10 dvayspriorctsi the sale, by carls ot,ly,to he hal -f f Nf-,r,,Leruh, Brioks. Sans, Ani Chaltis. nolicicors. I &cie st-t,e and 0ti.tft,i: a-nd of Mr. Poise soc tioneer -nd ret.,to facer-t, ci,oeskates, of whom aleo de-scrlptlve partlsulas--, wulhth 1togra' bed ppens,?,may lhe obtafined. Lonut Leameohold It-ta-n. ;esr lisbidIittir n tfS.s- ,Ji-It stew. . ttitanen. ~R,AB",OTT w-il; S'-LL by AUCTION, on ir.the P'remir es, en ri-'avi-erIemb>er 2'.at i2precisely, without r-esev o Jtw. lo,. a va:uihle I-at-c LESIS-1EttLD E-,TA,TE, with lin- ediate poosesalon: ecampri.cing That etaciotlt private raldWeucs, wi:t foi-ei-curt and lat.ct- r eni. I'oS5 lllebhtrlr, Camlden-c n-n. with b_se a3-lt-raes Iraon P-tt-etest: a eIe 15.1in of bla-ildien land in, the rear, h.ri' g a front-geo o 41 fee-t to ii 3lte-ctr-eet. wi'h a depth of ats-a.t 70 feel - nta a-h-,Ilsheld cu,r tine' p1.-d tern, of 3t. yearn frees MCda'imnter. 1IS7 ct the very 1i- cretin' c-c.t of £5 tier aanum, Also the modemD Houti-ebo'. F,-r.t,tre cmi tff,ctcs ,sin-rIsing m ihoga3s, ftsur.noettFre.:ch. And.tIler bedptead', roossfteether be)ds, an.1 bedtIn, mboai-vche'ord.ec-r wahc't,s deetegtableis al glasses, handapire malh-tea,7- y -i--e I cnrf -i wrothe. sets ofw-el'made chairs. mnali,,vacy dint-- linsrary, and other tables, palutliet. china.I, coean arlitchenren-Pnliei ei. a-ftla-eiecltns wit endlisetaof al. tta behal I~frmnn, . ntI0.T. We,rsiroofo rollcltnm. I. N.t-q,unire. Liunein' -ion: tn the i-rami-ea : and of 2r' Abbott, 23. lledfocd-row, W.C., andEyi.e lhury, St. Neat'e. Huntingdenshire To Calli5alieeu clzihlic C impanies, and SpcNo3 Ctra'u 'Freohrld lProperty, liicholes-lans, Lombard stree, with early Pan cession. ~sR. W.BT3TCiF.R bat been farourod witha in. IV L el-c-io--c frne thie Pronntltor to SELL ity AUCTInON, at the 14art. l`a,tlt 1-s-- la'-e i-n Fti-i-la. lOstoh-r-I-t. anz12. Cths etroty valoa'ele PRE%iInSEs.S. -elig,: No. s22ned A2 C, Nicholas lotte, in th3e parish ofSt IT-h -las A,o c, i - the cit-tif Ll, ns3, withnstoss I-anal, lliogIWt-li-. ntr,t t cIi ,hr-trtt first-class poolV~on, erd inim,mo-liato -.sic,tir wit.h t a Dmnk of Eulglans, the Roiyal Exchange. .nd Caomb IL lanes-ntISaC- oipportiinity to a publicI company, canitalist, ar lhiI,tr,!,cello-t ,o a- tained in this much. gought for 'c -lity. IIct hr,-Inee - th tt ws-il-nt-iirn ham anti Ong-i-- wareoumdvLti'eiss tsl-oly'. it, hicha s-icesitful btislot.st haa bencria in'rnrid at fanotuy Aim.dPrntAnpremises occupie byur.e ane Ter. tlse a-btic mDr tdics an Su-ite of 30am frlet h enav craged-,t O.-i ntpe Pl0 7lfret, a bein vianed14dy pcf-vit toteRne.a HPermisono tVIe tea , is a~Yid nrledts with ins -tre c-aytion'iu' of,i I 'daer. Farfoirh, W.tis an toAeh,oitorsE 13, Cqieua'ti A 0. Inc onn;a the AtnictionMart and Cof r.llW.rBetcher, ClsqualiBetrAtv,il.at ct-toirie -s-e-erv mdenen wnt.,l.et.ell-m at-if2 nored e tnotirea. tIPM O IT ofltnwlit-tt elt, teOdtits in ednwimn golel, fellst me. the thlge P.ine-fort-.u tThpiclttsa lec,nand,tfwecits.diri jaend rvhENR ar ionbdst;P in ldbnin-oere the aistal c-~ with lio ns na-n C. Tota. Ft-. ,, -a.4tl is el&eA.i' gtown, odS byniur sinai-s.htelrret-I i. alihoe.recreo iedy Spebr1,a 2 the entir e S--IIPMi,'Ta of tAte feslrel itn ca,ited with gcet teal.., thewhole bovine ber.dn cti)Fti-hie,, ly -mine-d west-end li-,g ailorn theaintl in onibs "an asn;-n indnIgepatchmahrseganyt' Arohi chnaicedenFreechg.a-- wiron eo - a'iceianBra1s tIe api. tl rsnl hi-stdIn fende.hfieny wrm-teswr 's-a ic-be, c alo ciinrawaa wleos.atlw,itvei n ted rmaci.. lis, cnrl ac-i t -11. cl-a-ngars. lilnetie 2 trt North-epartesk.ByIo tEr plot,,sWa thAm'-e -gl ee-e inated aid b tilt oframes.nrna,omeratWo,I-a etaI eltieca-tabs hr ras.t c yeah prs'yany iclecopefram ditl- ac-t ocet Ilale', -M. -stdhort Iing ri-m hais n mc-cr. 1-.c-- ati ucicte-.-t iiei- n hc a Dni,eI Thne marnfoa I% a Flihat! .- at nn ern, Illild ns, c-omp';gIng entrin e hall, nat-ilotte oak st.tir-a.s, dra., .i dinr-g an-i rnorutuq rosues teo bedroom%s acondscy -ti,lc er a r,a-e' h-I h IIljler's valty. I:ln, And the usual stem-ale .,-otns aneqn.l ..euisn_, ritl1ding goadlai-- Age. Attacho-i are rlewnra rrrnad; at-i h.d.It'ben zcrdon-e, a cnachhouse. ntable,, ,nl all tht. nec-tt-sr . yt-rd 0nt-botisft. The la;, fs advantsgeotnjy lP.t tI. r.-cs-tnhle ti- *-t in Iompact holdInlcs. wvHv suitable far3tlnouoe ard cu-vt-r- htnil-linz-. a- easy rents, and t -o land taxonle -tirepr.ne,ty iJ isI ed Tnis estate is richy tirn- Iercd and lsess PifoUp ntndnnas'ln a;:l t1int- aeste-*lyt l bs riven- Conway, It s within a n,ile cfr tle mItk,t toa., if Llanra-s, Is nit uscre than ten m.le;t fre-m C-'.-W.Y. a ;rst-cia.s clalloc on tie Cbeater and Holvbcsna Rnliray iq R-rionu'e-l ara- intfrsectod by oxceleit roads, anui prwinuces lit,,e an i go.d san- 'or Onilding, In its immediate neighlblo.rn-hd are -Ia -.tc--ne -sad intereititg t.vd r estate, the props tv o1 T.ei-l Wilionnabbly d'Ere.hb, Manen,n i-lodnod. 'bs Abbey, a Fret of Tnod ew-l-t renih. a- thec heastet,iful a-lit of Trefriw; within eagvslaisrat c ' -n- I-nmer.blo inj-ctsof aunillfily. or of icttreaq-,e. or blstre I-te-,-st en ' bh-- views from the ma' do and frow mnst pores .f tl-E esOsa,, crmnpt-a eAtennive proepeci5 of the vale of Llanrwat and tine Stowdnn mrnintainm romecintg *arietvl beauty, fertility, and grsi,"eilr tn a Oirnie which Is seldom eqitaljed, end Is perha!s not to be cri-s asi In Any i-art lt Great Bntal. The3s advaeutaes cOOFDiYe t. cr',- r t'il nr - erty tlnusually eligible for ths country residence r.t a et l,ly of ontles-ce a.d taste. or for division and the erection of yule re-',ien-es In ces- the entIre estate sbqu.1 not be dispotc-l of In one lot te r-iden-e will be offered, with hat 45 nee of hIqgly.e.rnamentl In-i 'n1t the remniier nf tine propertv In cocDeet acd slfitsb.e loe eithsr for ocsonation or jnueshmsut Fuil pareinulars and ronditlons of ,ve maT be had within 21 days of the auction of Mlr. H. R-aver Rberi, t saliCitor Bsangor; of Mecvr Simpson. Roberts. nnd 9-injp>ro, ernlicllt-s, 1;2. Moerzate-osr-est. ,ondon; of the auationeer. WiRair, Rt. A s-cph: at tbe fulloowing hotels*Tho Eagles, Llanrwst; the itxrdMgR A,tPs, Carnarvon-; Nostyn Arms. Conway; the St George'-,.lI -dtnino; tbo Roynl COester: no the Adelnhi, Liverpool; or at tie tit5eos of the following P,apers:-T1h, Guardian. Affonchestcr; th%e Mn rcilry, Liverpool; or the lfidlanl Counties Herald, rninni igbsm. NTo. 00, St. Paiil's churchyarj-'.-T the-Nobility. Gentry, And the Trati- in Genteral.-An Aa tm'-9lce if ctineent And modern Pictures Vive very fine P-onr .T7ehTrtee Pianofortes, and a few China Ornament-, BoOt Cabinet-., Ansd other iteml-. 1R. BARNS will SETLTL by AUCTION, at thn M JRnoms, as b-evi, THISD 10V. Septemb'er 17. a COLLECT0ON distinct warrnty Is given, of whIch a fewv maT be mentionoed-an Inre decr. J. bChpct: a landscape. Van I'den; Interior, Van der Dale: ; nd Van der H3iorek Van bDyck 1. Andrea-u CasIo DoloL f.p vlews ab ove, where cotolee ne&ma, be bind Thea 7hole of the g)i9ye belon& to tqhe autlntoneer, moeny having been advanced. We0-ehaso. Ksut.-1 Order of the l6fortgages.-Detseled F?reeobld ResIdence and Grounds, and se,,esal Cottages, in lot, conuferring votes for the Count Rii . DEBENAAM will SELL,at the Mart, on Fri. LV.day, SePtember 25. at 12, a oomnmodious FREEHOLD R PNIYENC3 known aa Strmtton.houee, Its~vig 16 roomp, with gardeal of aLbout Su atcre, situat8 olo.e to ths favourite town of Weeterham, one of the mext beautiful and prorerlilally bealthy spots in the county of ECent, The nearest sftation is Edecbridge, whence the traina rua to and fraim London In an hourt. Alo, in three Iota, six COattager, with arilens {reebold and land tax redeemed) let to good tenant, (one on Xr. rtlulue f Vi. Head, We-terlam; . o(Mosere. L-ongrnore, Swrer, and Losngiore, solicitors ; and of esr.ac Sonal Sjong, actIone~ers, Hertford ; lalo of lir. Dehenbam. aUGLioneer, 80. Cheap. a'de, who will forward them by poet on application. To Msuildeis, SmaUlCptlss,adohs '~Iltijrs near Step-y Station -TeeHouses and a Timber-yard. /R., DEBEN AMwi]l SELL. At the Mart, on Fr-iMY day. Sept, 25, at 12, In one lot, T'RREIF HOUSISS, brisk-buIlt, in good repair, and well drained, be-irg 1. Breok-street, and 19 and 20, Perrywitokle-street, wich timber-yard adjoining, let to rerpectal,le ktennts, and producing a rental of £66 a y-ear (Iee taxes), held for 29 years unexpired at a ground reritof £l1 . he yard aff- rds an eIIgl,!e buildin t ie for three more honeaes P.rticol.ru on the presclees ; of GeorgeWelle, Eeu, solicitor, 20, Coleman-etroet ; and at Mr. Debenahanm's oflicee 80, eapelde. RemuneraIve shot Leneeold Invretmeute inwl-o etypr- petty, withinl Itminu ei, walk of teenollk. lIAR.DEBEN AM will SELL, at the Mart, on; JJJ.SIda, Setemer 25, at 12. in one lot, SEVEN fltick-bni:t 1lOISES,Mos.1 to. Nennn'-bniidinge, Recrnlngtou-41roet, City-roal, a repecabl neghburhod,wbet, hinuse of tbia clars are in co2slat dman. Tta retal£91pot- annum, fornom ld-stinndli,,g tenants. leae 1 yets nexire, a a roud rent of 14 uinie is. Par-fen era at he iat; o Mesre WrghtandBonnet-. collcitors, 15, London- Rit~ton- Pai ofhandsome imodern Villas"i readInezs for Ins- me oiateoeupatlon.-The freeh-old can b purchwerd. DIR DE ENIAM, is directed bv the ilortgagor, .JJL itha concuirrence ot the Mortgagee, to 8)Li. at the Mart u Iiriday. Sept. 25, at 12, In 2 iota, TWVO "tfuoily li, ished moodern RE-. SIDENES,,with ostlo enrance andgoodgardner,i, No-. 3 and 4, heldfor98 ears atgrond entsof 9 ech.A pmtrehaeer will bhave the potunty o buingthe reeoldon noltrte ternrr Par-tintlareof W P-rnucobe, eq.,solitor,Raqut-oouzt, Fleet-street; nominal ground renta ZB, DEBENHAIi,I will BELL, at the Miart, on Frilday, Sptember 25, at 12, in two lota. TWVO recestly-erectle dons,200 feetideep. ThebhouseesateStred with every conveuienoe.anI arc tlea8r.ntly situate, in the Statlon-rod,d abotmt five miincie' walk ointemheRedhili Station, Theysar.eaitimated to produce £50 pcr ananum each; held for long_tottem, directfrom the reeboldcr. atgsound tet,tu of4li 2u, G.ach. rartloul treof IleErsr. Bees. edbill at the Moait: cf Messrs. Walters and Bon. solciItora, 1.6, Biaalnghiall.rtreet; and of ir-. Debonham. SO, Cheapaide. For Abeoluto Sale.-Luc rae Incea enIn smail I,eaeeold Propry B.. DEll -Dere rv e iU ENHAM ill SELL,at the Mr.rt, on .111 Fridy, Sptemer 2, at12, n on lot, TWo) br:ck.lbuilt, IIOUES.. an 5,Parer-sree, Dry-lne,and tat-co Workishie it, In produing t thepresnt le' rotale n insnieof £31 a )y.-ar, alter solictor,3.,,Brunwltplaco Cit-roa; au of r. D benarn, 50, Commt-r,ial.5oad ~Pechacin--_Bmall Leasehold Inse,-tment, R. DEBBENHAM will SELL, at the beart, on M EI rid,F liptember 25 at 12, a t britck ug-bouIt tix roOMed II16LLell {OSE, in capital repair, with garden and fcre.eourt, siltuLen Sumner-treet. Comcnerelal-rnad, file eadrnt~st- lalk from the Lord Nelson, O,d Kent-t---ad; let to a resteezable t,ruanmt, at OtIS 4a. Ter annlum. Lease 66 years unexpciredl; grounld-rent £e3. Particulate nt Mr. Tlebeeham'sofflces, Ito, CbeaPsime, Faixtn-,vcad_CouvenioetnmI-etached Uottag Rest -tee- in -god repair, with de ahdlnln.00oach-boure,and good Gardens, .Ai. DEBE HA is instructed to SF LL, tat the L Natt, on Friday,Sep bes .r2,tl,a5aneat COTT&GiE ItEit. DENCE situate on tbomai road, sod hueo-u aseNo, 2, Wilh~w-pla o, now occupied by the owner, who will give p'eseselon, and bell for a ishort term at a low ground rent. P.rttculnlo on the pre-miacs; of P. Sheppard, F-eq.. 5, Stafforst-terrace, LonghbDrongh.roe,d; and of Xr. 0D=b Ia 80. Cheapeidde. Opal odem Furnitmlre, a h,eiutiful IdapiewoOd irawing Room Suite, MInofortes, Cninney-glassc-r. Paintings, Eugrvicags, sod numi,rut UJe.ful and Decorative Objects. hA ESRS.OXENHAMI will SELL by AUCI, LLatterRoomes. 153, Oxford street, near the Pfantheon, To morrow, at 11 for 12 puinctually, the capital modemn FULI TUItE. Inicludig a. beautiful maplo,wood drawing room uniteceomplete, wralnut-iree and roseweod chairs, couches, and tsble-s of Overy kind, chilmney-RIamsu.. grand, cabtimet, and outtage pianofortes, tecaha no I peseztaL and enclosed sideboards, u-tg of liltig tahleu, ,oocsc~o, I dinng ndlibarychire soas an euy haie,curtaine, "o: Ar-abicn, fourgoa. ad ieondry edseadsardhan9ng, with hoddini complet, wnge an plin wrdrbes drwer, aashstands lao.; paini:effets, ay b vieed, n Thrsda andmornng f sale, And oato- ESPS tlittamre. near idadrt,.Ket ESSRS.OXENHAMI are honouired by instructions Mfrom Sir elmn Croft, Birt-. to SaLt byli AU;CTION, at the Miansian. on Manday, Sepitember 21, and following day, at Ii let-, 12 punctualty each day, the ver? handsome and approprisso FURtNI. T,,tE of the best description, having been su'ppliedI by the eminent upholsterers, Messrs. Gillcsw, fitr. Sii,tmgo, aud klires-r Newton. Tsu following wilt be fotand to be a brief outline. The drawing room unilte Is of zebra wood, the ohnlney.elass le of lot-ce dimcn-lone, the diulur roomn and library contaiu In theI 'ormer a nplendidl peSeewtal idsiseh.arul and set of dining tables, 14 and two elbow mahoganiy chia me to.. I-i tage latter, fouir Oak bookcases, with chairs eouch, and centre tori.,, en sietle, The best bed chamibearsae fur-isbeiIn mahogany.:amid metals) a noble Arabiant bedstead with cbintz has glegs,serveral four-lecet dlt-,o 'with dimnity and chintz turnitures and saperior bedJing cuii.plest, winged sand other wvardrobes., drawerg. wash-otands, dre,.ulg tab ,,., chevl ad tile glmor,&c,Theconent cithe servants npartme.i... No. 20, Cubrand-&treet, Hyde-pa- k.~ MESSRS. OX NHANI will SELL by AUCTION-, MV.on thePromises. on Wednesday next, Sept. 23, at 12 Cm 1. ths screaming HouSEaOLD FUItNIT JiE; IndlucIng drawingb suet chalmsreofas, couchies, and easy chairs, two el-lendid chimneygelaie.es. the plates each 22 by 56, a u-the gilt console tahle w;th glie,svstct, i plae 15 b 19 bo, crd,andothr tble dning room chairs. eitle. bear, ad diingtabls, reesls nd ohercarpets;. roas, aog~n3: dwar warrobe cheti o draers,the ut't -re of thoervarunt,s aparmens, kt,hn renistee,andnumeouseffets.May be vie,co I s-n uesay ad mroin ofsal, an caalogra ad;ale.. at esurs. OjESS X'ENH1,1AM will SELL by AUCTION. ±21.on the Premneu,% on Thursday. S5nt-easter 24. at 112 for L ooe'gku. the ver elegant sad superior FURtNITUR.I, In banUsl ipr-es'rr,,tion; Including two complete mothegany teed roosi nuitea. with Arebi.r brdatersdc and hangiasg and t-dr2dmc complete, wince., anid InA.n war-; robes. wa.shing tablos ,ith marble tops dressing ditto. chissil and uwtci glasses3, &., thefunmiture of thoecsrndary aLdFservanutsq'aaratmelist, complete walnut-irsoedrawing roomusuiite oogeredin fashi.,..achlei- to, Ion, o:saOieinai, a,d other tables, winced comimode. ,55 chlrun y. glass; the dining room cotiualn2Smahc~gauy chairs rost.-ed InUtre It velv-it, pedestal sideboardso, eet o1 diniing tu-bles. dinner wagt-.u. Pgas chan)deliers, uitesofcurtain, ek, orsametLt.l.and usof.l chin-s aOlgIeas. the dumestic iteive, and nuf-neros eiloc',s. May be viewed (utin tA'.ttd tiesisy anteCsedenst and motnirg of sale. arud c saleamnes has. a-uL et Hema. u,Oxeahatn's of!iior. 353, sixfordI.utret, n ear the Pautho,i5. By Meere. W REIII an aO , satheShiP ton3. WyrIsr,t oTusy,Septembr2,y order of the Executors of the lots eA rale Copybold Ilesidence anid togenteel neat-the Obeliak. on Weyblndge-ereen. about one mOo! fromn the railway atation; alec three Freehol t Cottages, with eard'.1ns, n hd ai,eofs liand,ln the whole la. 2r. Op.. sitnate on tht- comm,ia,eg.r the tiec:,. ground, cabout half a-mile from the rail-nay i tatIou. Fullp-ai.tr willappar n fuureadvrtiemcn.s,andmopbe hod of 1l. 10. OrazeDc'lablerseiome nt Copyhld Popery, eyritoey Surrey. Most-. WATIKEItand SN, atthe Sip In, Weyridge, cs Tueda, eA,22 a 2 byorerof heEcu or f ld he nn Mr. I Todd.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ADesira and convenient Copy bold Residence, with A-1 one attic and store room cxli bd roome, three si itlug roo"" a d entrance holl, large kitchen, wine and bceracellars, soil numerou so boards. wood-house. detached laundry, large gt-lid. n well stocked with frit-l trees, Alesotogneloyhlottg,icbotA tgto imrlurs fou bo roms. iteen,pantry, a-d watsh-hopet, a. i oust flower garden in front, and kitchen garoeu, with exc.slient water, is tlhe occupation of liss lit-al and othaer, situats near the ob0t-iuk, o, Woy~brisg,e*greeu, about one milefromnthe r3ilwaysctotioa Alcovtir- well-buIlt fret-held and tithe-free cottagces, with large heck and ft-sat rart-ctno, wedle.ocked with producetive f,uit trees,also-..pit-re oflas-t, the rear,inow on hand, making together la.2Ip.inre.or lass; theuct- I ts.eiter dgandcdens are in the several occuspatio,e ,of-ltne,3,svl .no House, at vArious renits, -mounting tgogthe,r to £30fec. Per a,tiunccc itlessantly situate on the commoni near tbs cricke log ground. its nit baltanmiefromthestitiou, May bevile-cd by, leave of the m.,,uets Further particulars and conditions ot sale to be had at the ueighl, cir.- Ing tune; of 1. G. Gra7sbrook, iiq., oliritor, Cliertses; anid of If wre,. Waterer aand Son, auctioneers and ielate agents. Cort-sey. Suit-ee Cornwall tereace. Drcver-ruad.Borougenh -cisus,aebld F.roi,t~,e. h .ot- some Chestnut Gesling, Mall Plnatos., and uearl)i) zewct, of 01ated Harness. 1iR. J. W. WARD bogs to announce he will SELL _T_ by AUCOTLOSV. on toie Pfremi-e3ac oh-eve c- i Tu-dsylc. -3unt' .l' at ±2a'gtook. comprising a s-,ltl. coe-o,t Dt&WtNVo itO W aif ; -I r. OsveredIs t-u Fech denuast K et :ctace pi vcofort-3 hit, cruiefie r !" tic bltog are an, couch andoeasy chairs s-c isatil 'lntig roseirntu-e InSan u ah oganay, left . to; !eic a,-, d inin tu gth-lwi. sid ca rd, c ha cc akndoooch lain met-sonleAthyr, tarts gbl,.n:,ey ,s,. ,i-- p,-. ,-te bian, and otlher bedstexds and clean bed,liug. wit Iruccee u-t c drawers, marble-top washtatenl. tsiiet eglasocos ftacs-ls ant o-th,.tcarpetc,,tferder-andIt-o.%,bed nod t,blehisea. chmnia at glass. ca,-uc Suneprints framed and g'i2ted. Iron stfs,.and uunerous ckitehe ur:-t-Ii~ aMay be viewedA on Moceday and moralen, of sal-c. Catal%oga uertn te premises: anid of the auctioneer. 7, Wal nort-tn-cia 1. modern Furniture. Two brilliant t-oed GSo-c,ot r na pa fortes-, by Collard and 0 -fIord and Zeitter. s'ivtr5 , . LI'ct-,ary S.c-i case and Table. IDrawing Roamn itrt-in \Walii. c-t- ctv-rAdtInri-' fint-ed nllk, valuable EBtonzes. India Chinalart. or ecfPEtriats w,rsa4,,t iron Safe. an,l many valuahle and decourat.ve Objec;a, A portioae order of the ihc.riff. hJrR. LEWVIS begs to announce he will S7flLL b -, .Lvi AUCTION, at the Rn une ast above, where the Icr)p-ror t to, i,ren removed far convenijence of sale. T-.- corcow rl~cdai l. tAet. 13. aci12 an asemb'ae of cestlv t?URNtTITRIT. .tl"-ecu'tg 0ei- vell-mude Spanish mahogany djiltig room and lIt-criy Ppie n;,t.nRi ctatof satff,cd hack and othe-r cbaira covered is u~rcuca,. n-ca', t- boat-dlfittest wlta plato-glees, t!eaesrops*- minetcc e.dat in ct-i, c .(--., an elegaut drawic.g rDoon slittsin chictaos wal it w o~, tcer,d i. ,ilk, hsudsome Carl t-ottbles, nole Oidt,"uy ,,sce. 0. i velvet pile eat-pete,chairousliers fitted with platr-slcIr.saudto-hs-c. slrgewabstads,draers.Brusel caretsatIrite., xc.. hat t ifi. 1 niacn. n viw mrnig 01rol, an caaisues easy be hal I 1 tzr To Eia noforte-. akeTR-.uilders. Chntacoaiolt 'n R. PRIEST is instructedi to SEL.15 by %UC.LV TION, on the Promises, 12, liker-strort. liaen'gce-,lel1s c-l. Cleikenire!l, the entire STOCK 01a TIMBEIR 3IEfCIIs,'T. f--c nbceolute sale, on Tuesday, Sept. 23, at II fat-r 1 cccmprieirnr 7ct,OJ lct. dry wainicA tIn board and plank, 40,030 Dfet%tdrYSiPanish II-c'. I -,ta, nanogauy a%0fecetfr(Tbartan.120gauk.re,mm, l,tdyie, ,1c.l.;xL 3ellovw duk. 3,030 feet dry s ne-Inch Ume-trso, 3,001 ler dry hiroh i- oeard and pank. j30,0?0 fortmahogany, rome-cod, u, ie, itreh amit ssslnutveuoers, -'ilfeet dry ash, Ock,had be'ch i, plack an - - 2P(t.10 stsare feet dry ft-aoring boatlls 2 0OD feet fine Spasl.h ve, vreed,od l feet good holly and ryca-ore v."npere sm ta h l-cs1. o etfavesr blrd's-ye maple, bead mahogany, penCi c-stat. aul theb et-ci rIecetfo a timber mercbant Slay le viseed 11`uda, amid r..or:.in, o' tale. Catalogues had of the auctIoneer, 3, Argel-.use ls9ingiou : an I en the eninet teI EiHoosehold Futrsiture and 3ilcelaneoitsE Properly. 15S B. E. THOMA1^S w.il SEt0 by- AUCT.IOTo, at iL ieGilaery 35 ieeesteros taco THI FV'E.:Nc (Ph -cotat. heptember 17 a; 3 o etocir, ilOCcES, prints, paintIrgs. est-ed co-I otl. - frames, ie*cellety. weariig opperel, bo,ots and sF.oes, furlture, a I e ffects. Oat-fewr, eqnd catalogues at the roon:.s. No. 7r;, NewimanD-street, O-t-erd-tm-s,eyt.- lOcrni tar. a h :l' Efe-tts.e, 10 s - of Plate, a choice ecolectio of Pictares. fluo Soclptttrs, and a rar:u: of mi'c-iatseous Items. MR. GEO. ROBINSON is instr-cted bv Mr. Thome Earle, who is retiring, t SELL. on thu Prem'ee, n-. aboet-. on Fyidey, Sept.25, at 12, the renemniossg F. KNiyltUi-l tao-I Eli FECTS. a 61-octave cottage pionoforts, linen, gac-f.t'Sogc s TeeT e piaOe comprises tanOtards, cups, bread tcas et, desetr stande, iso. Tbh pictuires are by the under-s.eentloned artists:- F, (3oodoll, A.R. A.nt-dcll Dell m-trwenland Troyons John Gvihbrt (lale Pa'ttkneor Baxter ?lilmler Deane Caillius bolomou Hill Hiugins W, unnt anl others Thbeculpture consists of beautiflul etatettes of Scott 00' Watt, a drlicopy from the autlq,Cr, the Infant Mloses a t-ultar Girl, David, bucss do, Note.-Where tho artist's namve Is a*ixed t-c any Pltuire I!,o oHginality of the work Is garanteLed May i-e viewed Ihe day pri- r. and oatalor-Of had ou tbe prenilss: and at Mr. Geo. Rohlueou a, Old Mond-street. Excellent modern Hourehild Furniture, Pianof, re., and otut r Effcts, for Sale, 5his Ereing, at 6 to the mincte ThBESSRS. JONES and BONHAM will SELL by IV.IL AUCTiON, at tbeir great Rooms. Lelewter-Ftreet and Princestreet, TitIE EVENING. at 6. HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE a-,I EFFECTS, In great variety, vi7-.., Arabian, lour-post, Frencb, pre's. soia. and IroU bedsteads, with drarcrles, goose feather b=ds. hairan I woolrmattress3s and bedding, wardrober, shestbotfdratrswre washtaunds aDd drevsolg tableg bookcases. chefTonler, drawing roomun suites in rosewood and waluln sereral nAte ofchalrs, ea chairs, sfas, couches, rosewood grand pianoforte by Zeitter and Co., loo, pombroke, card and dinlig tables, nohle glases, bandsome carpete, rugs, foeders and lt-s irons, together with a quanutity of good and smeftil kitchen reotileg, To-morrow, at the same hour, a quanutity of Dicturme plotou frsnmes, 4q, ODyle, QAogu Wgs iO be acq 0a obg5oY S, Oinaught-terrase, d4gerwaeoall-Kboolute SEip, the le oftb 1-nromace exilring.-To Grooeirs, FamJIllu. lFixttre &okwg sa others. IN~ R PhEERBR AD wtil SELL by AVOTIOI, r onse,0 Monday. Sept. 21, at 12, the geautres ~TOO, itttuee,and tenIain Trade of a Grooer and ital.ot aeehenao,tonaplao Ieee offeetaues, etS platsa, finite;, SSaUce. Islkis jms,jelie, ritish wt'ne,, brooms, brushMe mabegil-rn 0 eter, lees f daw~. helin, gs.fitting, oaaaltess saslee. Heat~hold~ar,usem n vie monn fsl.Catblognfts on Use, ie.eor 'titc, enior, antIe Underctlff.-Sx -SUper Jior`wein.._ bouses and Building Lend, RPETER B3ROAD, in coDin tctiOn with Unr 8MFRNI PffTIS, wil SELL by A.UCTiON, at the Marino; h1otel it, Veotnor. on Tuesday. the 29th of September. at13 In the atfteri.-e.s, to tots, the ealnable PROIYjRTY, known Las Devolisbilymet,~ b as,tlffoily etetate in the much-addmire part of the ltta of Wights Vetrt or UnderdtIff, And commanding most exatensive views of the eoa A- d utrround-rg country. The Property oompriewo six villa resIdenoes of bitup. rier clasa, in Pairs, slemi-detanbed, and substantlatly bullto Ftint-, with pleasure ground in front and at tno beck of each hose 1,1,in the noau.,.-tlor of Robert Xwrooe Esq., Mra. Wadeworth, ans Mrts. Allordl ; also plots of building land 'or garden ground, waIte In at d aittete ne,,ar the last mentioned houses,. To view and for waticF., lareaip..13 to MIr. Moore, Ventnor. Particnlarsmayalsbeobt..jedu ..Iltbad, Esq., Warwriok-etreet. Golden.eS~uare; Mr. Peter Broa4 kV,nty.' LodnmidoMfr. FrancisPitti, N,ewport and Veoatnor. Outs I5')-A magolfirent Itt.Lat ~Tiesa a DIamn ecfaeo . enlietlaad Maltese Croes attached, a large Opal *et with Brilhianta a' a Br,celet. weRtly Brooches and Rinax Fet with valuable Sttones,, Sess-ieee of SttverPlate, Watrlesee bbefitltd Fainrtvey&a,. ~%iESSES. DEBENHAMI, STORRt, and SON will lUi SELL, at their Rtoomse Kang-streeo, Coeenit-garrien, TEHIB I,&Y te 7 itl, tN1,An nsa dipa oTRR condl ESFON %r csmt.i tdrono y or Alet Shefield upla thed ridishes,and Goren Sein ro,i e,ta-taytrunelara,a trvie o 14or-t ni at rn±t-stanIijj leer S.tDEBf modern eigegodadSilvRR, atces byOANold Det. I RELLssndl'ols, a ndhi Rosa aothve, an ru;ay' thea2d inth unites eruIbox Ant lasuu admdr ship ki;in bonze, ormu,an arlnd voaclnableeo,Ot O Vie?w.n gerunai.en's arem- coasewihol FulTrandte plted fitting- forteaa, and Eliecta.. S.., MESSRS . teadEoberNixAMre, BTOrE Fitnd SOrni Cuter dIrted 01ETo IEDw SELL,b a(rO. pnt b Peis, 3.oomen. vi G~reeeo. .1borusetcstare.T-net, on, M8h ndt., Set. 15, aital0fo FR, iii,dOrE LRVT.cudlEg fmDittngs oofee berd chambeng Edoertabingan. ci,pti.5 oa ehbiter-gls, twomaodern pinfortu mtal and baued linen, oio bed lait4, plAted Item, chtaorpwets,and e e On usual thpendaye ptior. dinnr,otes pont si tha eprenices,an tofithe autti ionee0rs,z cuingetree, 1 dozte aa tumte fJeslers y,uer Waihez , brwn ate, andR b viewed Vaoin E~~SR DkBENHAM, STORE~~~C_, and SON w1-- I N a theirRoorne a above, e ~uc;don the2d Inmbs,.. an Rreleh anti Geneva wathe toeaeldadpai odadmo isit-s ed eols,n' desin esm indthsuer n pulac that thne lr lass told. chis,dan anD, rupby ltde leand sapphioe, rtartPEaTd elesdbaeee roHAES,aand h earna, snge s t onant etsstt priiant '-gIng pan,aa aend tha r Ornaments,blooe fortoenves,tmdent. sucitsoftai nd ult. a foma ocussati wcei , ile ta bllae, and aide pearedpiane ohrmferd good"teus, and fetis, Onr viewm onSbatnedayanti istset rniue ag t'a-gas SAnd TdHISnyJtrtDtAY cdom rase Cestr tEr. Isiaotes, Br Fita tings, TurnipoCuter (cha tMuihroahruers,to bronday.tilmsto Set t,atr10facory,. pI,i-dr NI .iUE narc laqeri. csord,dIi. n Oeether labuter, carpts.cmnrgaee ahgn orpe n japaneeFrenchnbl fbetrleess hede, iteo raesiadte lt rpenedago plteo ge habr.Testc o hnaad ls comperises Andso S.sh'la.a. tildsidlu boad LI by AUCotiON, ce Gaty'i om, 8 hneylae ESD S-OC.K7.a 10' fIr A aK PORTBEROS,ite omlt, aben. itsn-house. Md-ayre iese aao il,o ltaeles r: .n,aEbed~' ritr,ruer'rorAladotea tirs. Thil.bFnRBve R twil ELb lCI o m,jmoro he ha rondheyi,Septme1. t1niI ntePeste,1 v:iewer,an cetir o-aes haadr on th rmie ndttoucinofie its ersickcout,i Gra'e-nn 11JB MAlOrORE on to Toemindow,he ptb.ic thbt SthP 'ITTsPINT-i and CXMTER dfAe , aZ3ItheF Deasnd ngor onit oc-tIalaid sitabl foPruats itlatoeo pilae,r ttedla, b 4ar. tret-Tared ild7rmner atsrirset r hsanger.and atoewrulers have at,- Tot4 Dt.-oi.lisdml.t-.,stysyeSae L-ire Arms. OAt LEY' SAL THISDA cBe orn-Lme B L 1P.L pRics. BtINS ItUBESYdande mLEtAlVoEwiuc oanELLe Als.cs.e pby raeO,gatsthmieB)rs, brms AuctIluinaon Roo r, fatoryow a,iot ot, ftran, a. fcrge, irons.f l,ea 3tterang stole. dreiloos,lngtZems, cits,.edrops,sntir.w eele-scarpets, voni, by Drer,oWestrunster valuabler and e,oe-s,a' itns g- t banisk-el,ts. Tdessr tring,pess. das`iveoredpte g'acei.cbs-fi,acing,od trtr.alqustiontyo coicha andt othcer oils,e and a nuem-'rpper Btherrelfrett.--.,.Fe.end-Wtreet d C,,t,tt im hmae e'boe n airlty /IR .JME SSRis inGtructsd byOth 1Assgebeseo LrlTho-cElsth id toton tooEA yACIN onL the PeTTnse, at th irteronNtorth-piece,ptiryein.od n hrdy,Speber 24t.at1, tbuh0ace tvey5p. nortCi is iADWLAND,i cmrsngtwdoAbl caritrLonte. iretepsral bathox, able nessone -see nshandutroogane ralefom-ic the ach, lo c.arts,no ptato., npae .teranunilhed y. garse,with thev usual elgilergial and buidirg e. it ho on rie twor tap prev.wious tor the nalpoes,ofwhen ostloe s insy be bai o Ath pscbelis sexor Chaylesbee, ie-i,off1Ia ae:signee, t 20, Fatserlnuaynhstxey edsrs.yS. SIth and Son tesltenant6. o harnpard'icu; larsaJ. V 1Watt. Es. Pricular i.rsyalso lnn.thenob hand of the Wano. tiener. cie-nags baSaan. Riing-sree, ortnnsuar sex xm,Wtod Al ltc r ,rmFitting an itures, at 3. Hart,Eeg-rew, Ktingroes oil AltTllN andtheProkeley. To-mcorr,-ow.Sp. 12 , ToI-ch,merS P Fht"tTiN ndO Ne&r. W k andXURSofte eSlDinc, ianclAndin ombruti-e.yinanan ny dBietr,It Wohdide-oiers, lea at tfoosvred,ca.S bye an8.a nestr ffl84 drawes stovesL and kitch- n Orange,vndah ee threle. aLde cs, bt' ef. cts-w,,o,,d fo ron vseiaeedsoan B%ed,iftoLine7,. 'tand. 1-a,,l oo Ele,her s -oed1rt 7.Enioooeia Rlj .~ d. JA ESIREVELL dCLAV will SELLbyA CIN M iJ.byIO.TIOFln, a t hiSae FReooms Aucionte a Room T2,O-morroistopst. n at il. 015-entetheot lttJ BEDst_ A and 12 BEDDk.t IING,i 'Ia 00 Olvett'ists,n,a c-swn tot o ten clatrgetand entalso dlressngtables,t chare g seusisrlA-.cte Cos-tritetOf statl,, 9sU0_Dchlrse% botbled. forms. sanad be prte, vidmevtctstusel-eta. o b fancy theds sudry ubefo re nd mthgeryse,'and.r tinthree,It.Up e Bqaibecce N W.z h an,hod furitude,or.te wttCAe peX.-forste. vtivrecstt,,tdantd t)Oiihotd 4lieso Oana viw.din d.inrsm, seIthitngedt- Wi.sCetalonusmyb.a t h aanoal 17.1 R.etrdwt NOLstEcoe vinillELL by AUCTION, atth M-trt. onh,i 2oods, ad , p,oImohr dat. at 12gaout 8 are nOUS veOL enpe- tIe GeatlWster APLtD-ile ESrveuicompvral eigibledsome afour buld tra, letton'i.Tt sa andtb liestit. wsho,a for hsirosca of litbasiandhas tirgl.cssexto qdit as Miusel'chamnert a bequsizei,pan.o14tec, prior to th .tieb,isrd, a botmers~td,ged Ioby appyngdother tabesao,cafsstopwindo ,utttols .: h sbod. Pcartdctlaenat prao thegiwngsheyhandsaeter.hier - r tte. Ud 'hris cig:s,,& nd0as tticterer, tairyEsaex Arms,Wau teoid:l 14 csro:lie Liftun, losetphail ta,garen A oos,.lut~ ato toler,Mfart:, 0Mt-rserdow. Wenil andth Berkely olicItdorswo 2a,, Tutnt.iteot manuew n-isret-t t tots ofal cle terse p, eiadcne-rkoetis Sn e Iecsted and bethr ewtdrdpts'rior atds,sA- at f suhi-bl-ie natal Coguesyhailon tb___ re_________in__ l.e.s c .er' nd jlsin bts-.Fe trs,Cl. iu Trde. i Ioneani t Furritvsre. tOrieeiCt tesgeso iamCottagle ParhlAd rtesdroiense-v, sCrs'sks-.,,rt,is,ses. mis reosd.mriliotdOavinet4 Oi Sle foonte 407,an Streanar-sf oWhuere MR. J4IAMEA"EVEL wiUl SELL by AUCTION,,o h el-gal. 'bt F restrse, at his lfed neoothin te er months1, onfor rhmeN -glast stf aGP-tlrtt. avrst porz,'wrksngms'galilcounter, nesti of stcawerAs . Csl:sss. eals-s wbeithton ierns mwllh pale;so backistrqantoratso-gnuin drawi,g roomst-Stag of lo-as,esu ch Itoies, aniosyt bairst. shak.d in. gssore~t-s n c4ire a-tltbr fancylgolsecai-ctsgdryiuscuInnr-3i mosgeyuan Sit, is-are insat rebbio ma,hsehoand fAranIture,fuoct ane c uritts ,, p41p fsre.ton ccbeets, and beariouz, efferts. Oi viw. htde, r.neiar an. to-setngLsf sa le. Cgtaogu es myro hats tinussoer rudoms,-a 27, Oether withass3' . 11ela f eiiewna a eiiwd a Xi oday,&pte ber t, Lasptorningoe. sae . aaog,nth -e HtR. 2-. . NwLia il SELL by AUCTION, onth Al j% the esoit. 3. &ckorsad-sreer,WLesIsridh-re)ad.Ts1DY.00 thued d etretsoifi Ar.RipPLrDA'E. cmpitiriging handsPonb,kefu poste Ara'Aau. ct and Ot~nhe ieslteads,clciiangse feather tbela en bed.cx~ ing elates, test he usal camber urequinsIt tpiaeofrte, Bruss4els& carpeto a-inrugs, ho 'some cy, himney and paterogueshs, ma hogany- sutber, houfstse, aiic er.itg os and oIther- ta2blers, chaiers, window 1ortait. e aee nslms ro nrvnsb Lantteer of' er. pit- tuu.til e.s' ta Tclot,stc ofY betemer ds,w at p, unstity 1 manue, innam re asi f-st,hceverT0ny and n-i-tlegotaf7ets.mayr b d ewer ddrayfst %nrierand er,,ieg of sate, and catailogethat o djuthe sreims tloparo intelpnit Frei,rhooiinBl, Aidgte and aeceat MrD. zlobe'soDfrers, Wooda fi-ru.Eserx. d7. f. y~ip0Iu iipoiieo;0a Citrlgeittbae Sonti-ititae Piues;anoforte Mr.a and Myers, achionee, teds, Keoes, kmisth andC.ttrqlri taint,ilanin,ad Is-, Ises.ssaore-l(eracs kyde-park.-gardsn4s, oe n Parmtutsre Amt Effects. VFl. FRED*RICK A. iMULLETT will SELL cOm Is.0, she' t,esssssse. -s aboe. is' Thursdy tho24thinst, at t2o'cloos. tlegenosss mnisern FITeNITURtE and FITrINieSof taoresidenue c.i. pri-iDc -be csual bNsi chambute appendagoe drawinig rsersa appint-. it, ve in roeu0ool. S It. rv. ,-ood bookacme, cabiuets. too. audoc-s. sFio:.l tbiss , brdititais ebltmLar-9laJese SEt of extendIng dining tables, tt.s,irs IU is-ornoco, indducgisg dtto Bru sels and otber cars-", rttgs let eers 3n-I fire tron. chius gleas, itbcen roqiliritee, a-id ellecta. ista I+ vieued teli t,oy prism and motning of sale. OQialogunea hd on tbeo roe- ie aud at uto auestiosers onoe in Albion-plac, fysde-perk- tie r.- .ris-oe tC'elar of x tseordutIary anud rare Port Wines, <r T VI LLS lia0 the honour to announca that TV h IsEl t s:nire t by the Exrintorof tbelateowner to SELL bh ACOTtI(N, &, Ite G:o w ELte. Cthbedral-yar1, o0 WOinesity tbo 2st day of September. at 12 prea sely, GUINE W"N!S, in sulti;ble 1, ts osin!prsl.s, 4 sore, Ot tue vintage 18.2; 21 IS,3; 3 110: 2i IS" - I 1S.t :. -S:a: 2, mgnum, 1S17 S 4 dozen quarta ditto. ISi 1 s-s zen Catterthlt lill; 7S doze, port, 1837; 9i dozen mTngnnl,n. 1S40; 30Is-zstn iu-rtzt. Wbttll ei 3ears sincsW. Cards of ad.ultt.7ce tsL a. e. 5s. 00cc. retsr.ale to pirchwoems of any of the rInt'D3a u, to atssi Includlite the yeor 15,0, the wasolo of which msin th t aome mobluS, as wheu iret b-ittledL E wh parchiser will hoe at liberty t, be to the iell;r on delvery of the lots. 263, High-street, ExOter, Septcruber ho-an anos-tetrace, Qite,.l,8opo.Itdr tziaenee tinIrbesd Dousle Otin, Pair of `Pmitoels. by d fte iri;se c-. kc , tbe pnrtn-rty of a essetlema'n leaving cEngland. R-L. GEO. ItCH tlAlRDS will SELL b AlJoTIoN im on t nit-lo,s. 'Va. 12, Stinnanca-iemoso, A,DY, Sep. ttruber 7, at 12, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, comprisin Ar,bia,, Iren and ether bedsteads, goose feather beds and beddinig, ch0est3 op dti-sters, nmrble top w,oh-tabds, chimney anddreaslnggla-se, loea dinirg tabhi-s vTlvet pile and other carpets, pair of warnut-WOO. aibioets, china, glea' xc. On view, and oetiloges h ont'n mMi,: and of see auc:lone'r, 425, athbeno-placc a he Atuasiraway tjeaffehouaee OrnbsiWL To-morrow, 18tbEplem Tr°W,o2 o'clock precisely for accouant of the Imorote, b OTHOUS&Ab Loada Blt.ic aud (Jolof1 Tiotilser, 01000 Pieces itattle ansd CoIonial Deals, and otbt~ WooI ;ro-sti -SIMSON mnd MASON, broker, St. Peter's-alley, aOrnieimrn
