DEATHS. ID NW at Melbone. ?4WY Isabella. the wf of Mr. George a=y, aeE .3, the eldest and beleTed child of W. IH. Pllton, FAq., lo enlgtoo. Oate 284 NOY., at E8omDtoo Rabeat Frazxks GroQo, FAq., teesof Lowe (2os,oorstzet,aged Ts. Ontbe S2th SOY.. at Hele. Achburton, Deron, Caroline, wi at the then 368T1i i.iWard JAY. Obe2f6tliNOT.. at Paut. lai lranoe agedIS, AnnabeUa, wldow O- th t. Re. Wll8am GSoed. r;eco of i same dategerE the Rey. John Sitedageb, moeto, oS Pailint La s.se,eadbowner, In Ean5shie, .n held ingit at Erghtoo, Etily Isbella, the beloved dauga of ]Lr.eWa Mr.MJ. S. Glimere aged kYear and 4 mnths.a Onr tie 3d Intl. at Nerwiebi. of anclt fwer n sd pli.u~ Jam" rihzla Renzon, apotbieeu2-to Whe Oossnty Dlaoenaiey Norwtohl, aged St. toengert am of the R ev. John iesoso, relo Of Nstoni.eub. On the 4th tit., a% Grevila 0ttate, KeatLsb.town, S%rab, *Lk of theIsaeThomas (o.smasn the Iathe of he, age. :m Felday, the 4th ILnt., at an advano,d age, Km Xtabeihae, of Woalatod-seo6t Baentbraty. -Oan th 4th flut., at Felhamwerece, onlon, aged 6, Boa mu daed dauoer of the late Rev. Thoma WnbotAL., of-Soo OnAat 4th lask., at tonmbfaig. Jth Tboas. Humnpbry, aeUoa A o o9 Q e RMD1h1 Req. , of 2 U01,6le-1lii LodOO, and HIltmr bIrS. Sorry. jL. FRiday, the Sthirwed,t, at VeutnoK, lAbso Wight, Janen aer Grls Daies, Fa5!q., so Yr of thelate Mm Keel, of A41,maeto,, B,kes, lhler Smihicaband. -Dm'iee, laqofo ;London. aged2 r Onthe4thl,at tWanabed. In the 599h , ewDir a3e atee a lingeeitg r Tiln ohn Buokler, SernamCr to the Jtnhnotrpkim OnthtetlSt ha t., pe tlynbed ovedebadvanagentod, Ann faIidrwo],t. xad Mul nteees Wntk. iq. of, the Nw Zoett boopha kld av touiaorn ew onted Mn4eAnd and ooi"a eAlixorr.LW MI Iof Noth l e wry,nt. and iro. A. 00 .Ggd-ios.rdaoo-psw aaa, On rjLoe dtb d7s. Leteb elwy-odes kingbtsr Lyne alter a lng a Jol Ontiret n kthiudfnst. sal eoa n1lmne,An Iee ,Ontebare Wya lt,q, i Ofe the Nuaew Mitee HZleged, e.. On the 6th Inst., alt HeathI ofw Tlul ge. Aidxlena Wffiso, th 'of eo.8, Old JeUOLry end No 'OfPan. 11Medreepn, Waibng. s On tire 5th beat., at Raiwayroa. King's Lynn, Rathde, a lond adm atiraan af kiend Wfriend. &..o iolus ,Ad tN.3 'Ovithuse 0h nt., Iodn Oesere.sqae i Illj gd On te 6h ist. at attr, earTris.Sddely,Witiam theloe lemon noeth, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ Kow6r On the 6th int., at zixhtac,,eage 15 yaIn, Katharine, thiyd Georie ThcGton gtonzteet, Gof d onendoaAre, e,-eedsofLnoa OndSndy fomthe 6"laathoc, atheUad durihtn.An la the beotmoloved 6d-khter o7tJons atdn7y WSmith, o 7 Gelomtcuxqome hydr- Jsrn Stdpo, ag~ooed5.In,brltra.a.ae 8asc -On the 6thx Inst., ar. iTrhtoDawon of brnhil, EGilbert Harie-, band, 10mnths7. On the 6th Inst., aft sera longe Hrastis, Agedhus 2,ohd -eon GofNrg On.Gthe to nast.er ot SthenUpon Kal, Hame,mersmidth -of LroncoItn hende oRemeryFCha er,lantote uatRaw, diurigtey aaIo.rg On the Ithlnat., at the Waddotoeraoe her brother,r2oad, geMr. eoh On the 7th Inst, Mr. Thom s eDaweu , on. f4 bh,et,eaoet, Marylebone, aedm- g,Eq5 -y l% f7.Olt.nUecy On the Rth Inst., at t8 hedUjer MAll, BIraveorapltce, of bronchitis, hezabet. rHen ot turrer late eonr ow, liE sqe . o adlg al Onthe.7t nt*a h eloc fhrbohr 8 rdetet
From ak LONDON GAZ2T-B of Tvaa, Dcm 8. F- 31OM4r-nvwTp%p Tn- The Leeds Refor-atory School'at Adel, noar Leeda, In the West Ridling of Yorx, haa been crtifed bythe Secre. WaY of State as fit to be o. redormao eho,under the provilora of the tatute 17th d1 co cap. 8 S8IZI FOIL THE CO1JnTY OF WILTS. By n oderin ounil,Normbe, 1 lat,it is directed Iha Infutxethesprngasa~e or hecont~'ofWilts AD,MIALTY, Dzc. 5. Tiefolo'wdng W to 8r ,dated the 2Siu nt., oonse nent tin the death. on rho 27tb tilt., of Ai1,ira ThomMz Le mAr. clant GOeain, have this day taken plao,s: bdmirla of the WhIe Mir ltoMundoy, XQB., to be Admirnaot abeRed. \ 4luesobn~.yrouuontgitaea Ld to be sa dmi zalf h Wie a the Neencsvteederid ii, o e nUdmka VIVAdmfral of the Baid Win,am Blowlcs, C.B., to be Admiral of C " Ot *0 eEtte 'ir Barrtoa Reynold;. ELCB., to be - VkeAdmia the ]%lue Mir Chbal Snllvmn, Dart., to be Vie- Admitrba of the White. .R Amtro a ou lb^ Reserved. L1t.-IforwIch Dne Sir CEbhiee ptltFe Parker, Bart., Jcbn X4arsd Walcott, and the Right Ron. *CepS Eartio Ipecoer,G., O*B., to be Vloe-AdirlI on the * Rear-. i eh lIe d l S oxr a S o ben y X tPlum ldtge, X .O .B ., to Bs a r.. A d n, e o f t he u W H i W i l n e B an do gr to b e R e a r-A d x n i s lo f :h Hed. o n we e t cFrs 5$ lt e a r .A d x n i s s l o f t h l u s t h E i g h t L o r d e d wa r d l u n r e C.B.. tobe toear.Admlbf he Whdirl.the >t taDttbonDxemlE th 2owr,ob ept lu Capt. Horatio Thomas Aus tin, C , t o be TIN lral om the DECEMBER 2. , Thst.Lutlg Pam n Gentney Con obe Hp, Hi rCord NUo,t Yie ;,,u dmn BrgonEe Snowa, to be Cat,ve 'arithy - r tho oratLo Guy abe t te ommt ef viseI Ct ox M Hn.Dvdj/ee>tu t.dSdtuob&nobeputGenHttSecnd-Ltent ThomAs Hy& hewett, to be Pin Lit., Deii e L Snow, ~ ~ tmf=s O promoted ArthP-a TZO ITS D ,OLVRD lihrlneaOf eWI Caetq Henry Strong Plned th p ouah rut le3arf B.e Cent Rofnretranow.rie tennt tAtlnToemas . o, theagO. Towzger EL u yLieu 'lIp 5thne Lonn-Lrwo ob4 oou Coureaty hi or.irp Cirtaieh Br., vice esh r, , ire algedhi v IF el;E:AEF1D ad oe Dhte:stm Yw the LoR-I ba ,rUeut te ToY Thomas,e '21ln Own Light lnaat, egineuet of UitlL-Edwar4 ou- Gich rit.. to be Cpt, ie 'ut.,rie ,reelgi,e. Yn,lanel?Ltte YOUD., vise Clarve, oe'ldt WORd ,t. of theOrfnvty oXPORDSxx. USY[hai My ° eternEsi, to be )&rDlgn; vice Willi Wat,son 041,resined, = Ilbtt*p^tNsvau EDyTnnSl>. rDpw 3te;tahckaer dr.olld.,c i'te,tu ag 7o 0r Lleue 'doe Cug promoted;Esg Willas, aed.Ge='nt., to'oLenOt. vceli Ito, rsigned Uy tro *on.orti-nd,. o fr }S, '°nr ofb Worurrudln. Worcetcmio ltctmou of Mulli-lI,j,~d astehucicklan Cent, toe Lte ;et.'ie Paulest,rsigned; Brutest- Peel Get. t b Mret. 'sice Ositle,slgeSeoLlrondrfjnoi. yody ThilVseet "at.lra aotice lbat the ro . e hMbe. en Oly r 'forgtty solet n z0ltniooloW Mariage1 thereinbdl i*W.alrplabd Carmoaritenshirs, PARTPxRgHr" DISSOLVIzD. Epsom !liffidaworch. and Co. LivApT l rceaer-R. 37. rodiem ad C., Liseerrol n.Mnre.rpmkr,atra j -5. 5Mo-e'1... mlnW.rWington. Sunderlaud. brauefounders.- aud Dmwdeld. omagiey eil Derbrahire anid -elsewhb19 o.a1otndo.-Trs eH opbeadot Co..SHlehead, near lamp Ianeuire, adrArae regards A. T.*,end.-Clt, Cab C ovm*7ryJROa XE1*hoa,. and Co., Upper Thmere-etmeet, irbcaWesaverfommcr,.i aod. l. Carrington, wationa,, iolnrsr.-R. Margeeon and 3'. Z.utemw, Preeton. shuttle=-I. B. A. Rothwell aci A. l'arker, gunts, near Carlisle, cottousplnnesa.-Smith and Urrtbcrord, Pzre6 tzo, ikpbui1ders-W. NevlMland J. Pelly, Oresham-street rext;; Not. :b .e, anid Godalnilg, nesanufactueao olr. a sead J. rdly.-Bate and Carter, Wardineton, lsixccshlro. wholes.ile'cheesee ~acer.-Tenncand Ares, XmaneSld, Nottinghamslhre.pAicters. smith, Cempbell, and Co., ydney New SouthkWslg aud e . .aith and Co.. St. Peter's-ftl, Coenhill mechants.awrwy s* Ln 716- -0. and G. . Thom^ ~Vian meport . and(GhB Tom, Strand, paperhaugers.-Jemon anRd'Co., Derby, silk thd,ter safor as regards J.epaon.-Cutts, 31r6thtra, SheMeld, Gle ro.platetrs-Ooleman and ltorrts, Poultry, drn olerolants.-r. W7er and J. Hauforul dt tarot P lace a ,achine owntor.-Muorj Brooke. and Becks, Elrorlrnu, ionl mInufactirems a3 far ias regards G. MurraILl-lPliass unmunco.n '10 aseow, bookiseller. alar as,egbd sJ. Henam. D301L2DATION,t OF DEVIDHNDS Sr4ove sad Rail& 'idoo eeatt. eaibet coakosrt-end dlv. of ISe. lidou Wednesda7coxt. at Mr. Lee's, AlerLnxnbxvy. W. 6~. Young, Buuoonrl, ship broker-oscooS div, of lid, on "Wednesdal nxe and thr subsequent VeAnesded, at Mr. Le', -Aldirmanbury. W. Semnmons, 1ednf, draPer-second dlvifr.3 01L nWednesday 'Yeutor of5eldt 'Zx n WW gbeoutt Wenesayo aut Mner. e¢*&z Edrmtnburyt 3. i Cline2alBo,draper-second div.e i,d 2sV anm day, at Mr. ae,Blchl,manufacturer-first 'dlTyjOt lIt., any day, at 3. and WVIt. Ca ; and EH P. Scott, Walleard, 'irec maufacturersJ,.t dlv. of is., on new d;oolk Ou.y oIn past of idit. of 2.. declared T. H Ocdon Sunerlud,plumber-aecouddlrs.lf41 7-l2d, ati additic t Is pevousy ecare),anSaterday,st wrlEakcees,.Newoactio. 3 oeldesbronet.,Manhester, iatnuftactreeai dierdv.of is. d., anY Tuestay, at Mrx. Herofnaen' Mancester. T. Bradshawand A. Oolthisp~ e ta ~ t 'ALIT. of Se. 6d1., at ueMSdy, St . s scetr J. Lord, Roch cottonsphmer-.nrs lod.iv. To 4ay. at Mr. Herrecan's, Mancheste. cbt i. u os 8.West,.Nottlskiixam, aeae-ia.t,c .o odyn .aod tawo following Mondays, at Mr-. HarrWs.e letthegbam. 'W lobr.Itrerpool, rises dealer-seeond div. of 6d., any Thou- E,BellI. Lverool,bra~ooder0utdiv. of is., any Monday, at P. Schton ?rerot. atch ovemnt magfecurer.drstdiv. of Olivr MrgaLill so Elzabeh Peanr M'ogall,Bristol, timber BANBXRUPSM ThOmas El-e't. axry Axe, vinegar nasrchwse, to murreuder Dee. 19. et 12 o'cock, Jan. 22, at balf-paet llPAt thse 'nahptsl Oourt:soll, ,citors Messrs Cole, Lime-emtese olxd4 assignee, hr. Whitmore Wilia Bcewley uP11devLmeTcUmtret, Zeersh ,ast, ee o'coc, Jan.2, Md1 oclc. at the Bentirrots' CoDrt. solicitos,om MLange,yMartn, Ghoman, `an oim,,aMtnlng.laedfrdrw officia ningnee, Mr. Penned Gnil halt-elbambeers, Eaeinghsll-street, Jerlliah olt Bognor,id Susseo, boneller, -Dey. railway, con,rat 12 t'c.ock, at the`lW Baoku. 25 Court: atmhlisraU Out;sUitrsMe-, oeroga an WVO,dIns.Coak -dhfto,ln hnahve. oddn,Eald ogl.. BaltbreeL offednn4gleed Urofficialassine. M. Joare lVackwo, uphonglstere, Portsmouthe, Dec. IP, at ho'clok,aJan 35, ook. Jat. 19e Bankuts' Court th olieli'or :stos,res. age andR Gibbon, Trnomame s,tsd Bolaa 4or-rw;oficla ignee, Mr. Pn 'Zel, Auldhrati-hanery ,Bsngaletet Jeh. reiaht ,Bahican, ldyoton, near Sarerbsy, raiw ay otrhactor,d 21 lck 1,at1 o'lok. jan. 25 , PAt1,a the Bn rupalst' Court ; DUtosolicterm .aDIsbommry;ofcand aTuinee, AleMr. icbwco Bsiloihall-sgrect M. G Srue.olPema-rone Mi.ncig-ane lrndhto-bkand Delc. ir, a shalfpoaste 'olok, Jn. 1,Oat cl,ookth latknthe Cerkmt:l soli :*Ocitor.Mwr. Martn, homa, aD Holia, Venimcbiaaano;, oicalasine, r 1.ee, Aldoe.rmaynbery.*,Utfrrdiimwa Jonnrlgh,-Ea21rs J~an.o mauaeo,ic. at half-peatt eet tteBr. II 'cock Jn.419atl,',ofh Bankruptcy or: sol icitr rs, MolesBrs. ham. ColemanWhtmoe.streetha Robrt untev Hoo narBiriggzton. n elriu here W IShipown1er,a Dec.P2,Jan10,at 2 oclok, t te BsucDkrict' ourt: oliof rsu. Messrs Nicholeand aoclJ,merland Knlinght, Qirmis.ngb; -officia ~rgee,M.Safed Bismlnghlib.sot dnnlatrrsDe. 21 am.1,a lallmast D0o'e lc-cg.1 atte bar. mmniani1 o'ctoce, Cour Dslo -t-of Banrpcy olco,Mrodson,hr 3oncinhm; Ofecal a itigls.Of assignee,MWhtne,Bmnra. JonShmuelWelto aousnd KeYnxihain.m,rner, Der- .10 Jan. 14, atU hl0f.p I o'lok, at thee Birmngha Distrittt'Court of RAkuty oliiok. X-azpoy Ezlittosadc-o MesssstJamesoadicnigt, Birmngham. fficia W1111W,Sla. Sefild.lnh oleakeemalDer, D ZlU,Jan. 0.atihlf Vct 0 'oc k,M ate L tire BirmlngOourt ofisrkratoCre Sheffieldkrunsol ollctOrS, MTNr. JhambesandWathne Kn het, lrrld,o.ofl~ assinee Wr. .winnea. ibemlrogs. JenshoAmbrd, Ur a.ol entKenshm Ilr. Dec. 21, Jan.I h13 alo, atU -Oclck atithe Brpsol Districts Court o f Bankr;o!',uxtcy solicios 1Aears. Brofiitnand Sgjn, Brso;ofca sige.4-r ilr W9hi teiam Shw, S effel, oicahke dae, Dec. m13, Jan. 08, a 10% lockSt the'lOk,a Lkeeds niuetsitCort iof t okrot~ hfil sonli-ty -e111itar5~e,. Chfn ambers an Waterho, nc Emao Nhffeld; odxk MilI eus. Salber,Livrpool tailre. and Jhpan., M 11 o'clock,mat ILiveneoo- Or.iciarsledguce Mr.hTurer,Lvrol Aunhdrering, Baesrn-ie,Lncshn : ir,buahmskt O YJec 18, Jan. ee m6OM te11 'coc, Jat 21,e -an 2clore Dstic Cour the M Banekrnpitrct AOulct Of. Messrs.Dtapeoi E01muel, and Rowlney. N"hser roadsteet assignee Mr iernamaci Eancheeter. 0 Andreu O,lker,nJaBmles kobsinoc.andbirelcoioapmOge, Pssto Jang. meere, Declo2ckJa. at ,bat 22 oiftter, attthetMaochesoer District CourIt ofBakretcy; A wcckiadtorlmes Buoley,ManchMeste; ffiia naassge.Sr nHearnamn acetr Wile a on icein,sumnest L ncasir. ckterplDes. DIc.1 Jan,f~ssl 0'eOc. Jil o'loc, atth Machet r Ditrict CoutrofcBankuptco; Bankruptcy; solietore, Mewes,Wlilliamson, Mill, and Williamson, Qceat.llames-sitrw Bedford-row, sod Me'srs. Ingledew and Daxgtt, ileweessle ; officia assignee, Mr. Baker, Newcestls.upoS-Tyne. lirviDEN lVS. Dec. 23 R.bTble. Leadenhballtstmt, tailor.-Dec. I3, B Harden, 113eMMend97sey.ceek. JS;rnhondaey, Iinondraper.-Dem c. £,0.Reted, UVper Ite1oru-treet, draper.-Dec.28,. S teel,Norway;-wharf. MuIwLsi timharnterchaOL-Jan 14 1, P.,G `Wolastog, Bisop's Castle. Shrop'him , urgeon. '(2TRAE to be graute, uniass esuia be shown to the ecouwas Jan. ~ a,. ~ on the day of meeting. Jay. 1 A~soot,C0leheeter. carrier. - Dco3. .B B.iayden,Berlnodaeetget,Beroonsey lneurapr.-ro.30,H. enntt (Riste, lraer-Ja. , T W-oh Mcclrdld,incpr-a, , Jhlrs.bekrr.-Ja,u.22. i J WekeAe. resro ,n, DerbiIthl"Akmr-JoL 19,WOongree, dn,cr arhn.Jn 2 U, Townsend. Leieter. manufacturer of k oenlerch-ant.-Jan. D1b- wo and 3. T. Baeba, Derby, sik tbOtrt.-Ji 3. Neowman Lonnm Liookwbire. woksealer. er,Do 1X t 8COXO, 8FDQUsT,R&IONe. 3. Madonad, Gasgow turlrr~1.15 at1o'Clock, St the Faculty E. Mcmilan Inernss, gen, Dc.1, a iio'leoh, at the Caedo3. terart Gasgw, rovsin dale. Dc.15, at 12 o'clock It the 3acu~r Halt Glaegou~ ~15, at I o'awok, at fte
A; 1!-RG OF DBLHL. TO THE EDITOBi OF THE TlIEBS. Sir,-Enclosed is an extract fror a letter written by a pnug offloor of the ]A Faileers from Delhli It serves so *lnw the good feelings per7ading &he army, and that neither onmers nor woldiers forget that retaliaion is inconsiAnt wJd = religion and national character - " Cashmerpgte, Delhi, Oct. 16. "i will have ee ir the aprz an acconut of the assulti X4Delbh after a siege of three months and 16 days ne paper=s jneully ive correct verviou of all that hap. pens, and now that mu is over I cannot sit down and enter Into deWs ofE.enUedli ea "ments and figmta with murderers and ihe Wackekt Mains. Snfffce It to say, I have Jsen in evary fiht (some 23 or 24) and in the ,atL and through the meidfel .1oodness of the Almighty have come sit unhvrL Four diffe:ent times Ilhave been struek, and oiLo blown up, but each inme eseaped unhurt. The adghts I have witaeaed are beyond desoription-a thrill of horror comce over me at the bare idea o' them. The soldiers beLhved nost kindlr to the women and children they were aeen patig them on the back and IUeIR Liem not to ,Ke ah t4at the7 wrgXd b,e wl teate *h
AbMRICA, J poron of the follown appeea fn our second ttoa or yeeterda7 -.l LIVERPOOL, TuSDAY Momia. The steamship City of Washington has arrived from New York with one day's later Intelligence, but does not bring any specie. A rdden change in the weather had entirely clow im th6 5aW 1 Additional disasters on the great lakes are reported. The Boston Transcript announoc- the suspenson of Mesr Trull and Brothers, liquor dealers, and largely engaged in the Mediterranean and Smyrna trade. The spension was only expected to be temporary. The New York Corier and Enqnirer reportl that the telegraphtc intelligence of the suspension of the, Bank Act had given relief to many firms there whose correspondent. here wete under extraordinary liabilities on American aecount. On the whole the stock market had been favourably affected, and prices were fully sustained. United States. Six per Cents. of 1868 had advanced 1; Misouri Sixes, I ; Virginia, 2; Resding Railroad Shares, I, nois Central Shars, t;bonds, 1. The rates of domestic exchange were daily becoming more favourable, with an obvious determination to prepare for a reaumption of specie payment early in the I spring. The State Bankis of Kentucky, Indiant, Illinois, and Ohio do not intend to xuspend; all in New Orleaus and some in Missouri are preparing specie. The 25th being Evacuation-day, busines wras restricted in the New York markets. Cotton, on the receipt of the Vanderbilt's advloe., had been held for an advance of le., but at the close 'only hc. had been established in a small way. Flour, under the same influene, and thW certainty of the closing of the Rie Canal, had advanced 5o., but the busines was not large, holders asking higher ternis. Wheat had fullyrecovered it tone. Corn fir and buoyant. Provisions unaffected and dull. In sugar nothing doing. No engagements in freights to London or UverpooL ohe downward tendency in trade generally had been arrested. Sterling exchange was quoted at IO&8 to 109§ for bankers' bills. The City of Washington passd the Royal rail steamnrip Africa, hence, going into New York. The steanialp Vand t, from Havre and Southampton, had arrived et New York. The New York T1res sys,- "W Ve ae enabled to tate that Mes.r. W. Egs and Co., and Messms. Duthl and Co., cotinue to n-eet their Now %oi? eagagemento, notwithstanding the unLoward difficul. ties which suddenly evertook their Liverpool oonnexions. 'Rth concerns hAd *ho fully oovered their engagemento abroad, but a portion of their remittances were upon one of *te large Auglo-A;.uicsn houses was reontly suspended." The latst quotaions for StoClk were:-Vlrglit Sixes, P0; MIssouri Sixes, 80; New York Contral Shares, 78f; New York and Erie Shares, 16S; Rea&ng Railroad Shares, 534 * ichigan Southern Shares, 20; Cleveland and Toledo Shams, 423; Panama Railroad SMres, 883; IThno1sOan tral Shar, 96; Mllinoi Central loiG, 864i; Chicago end RockIsland shares, 82; Galen&a&=di:hlcago,83; IaCrome, 12; Cleveland and Pittabug, 15; 3ichigan Southe nliew Stock, 38. On the receipt of the Vanderbilt's advices at Now Orleans cotton advanced to 11ic. to 12c. for middling. Four was active, with a large export Inquiry. SBterling exchange firm. ireight maore active.
OLYMfPIC 2WEAT2'B. Mr. Selby's very extravaat but very langhaMe farce, the BoeF at the Swn, revived at this house, m%y be re| wded& a novelty to aoertainextent, Inssmuch am Mr. F. 'oo plays the "Boots" for the first time ina ondon, though it has been one df his moat celebated - racters in the provincee. lTever did he exerolse a more despotic command over the risible muscles of 'his audi. enoe than ia this eoenzic part. The 4horoughly low "inake up," the stumpfigure, heightened inultg effeot by Xts dimensions of the nether gament, are no sooner bobeld than a roar busts ferth from every ebmner of the house. By admirably bendizg the stolid manr supfo6ed to 'Iow the result of deafneu with an appeeracee- of sordid vulgar cuntnng, Mr. Vt;b6on not only sutins the 'laugh which hi 'entranoo ha exAlted4 but chieves an inpersonogon that mnay ooily. be reflected on x4terwArds a-ohe of the hpptet porlats of teaacter he haa yet presented. The disguise of tie " Boots " as a poltUemn permits the mietmiption of a ew4individuality, and hero the officil pomp oTZIr. Robeon ie'ludicrous in the extresueihs face swelig toch a degree with hs sense of impeotecoe that the feturee-can srcely be recognized. A mastglly delineation of drnkennee Ina stoio of rapid progrenlonbrings this exoeileatperformance to. aworthy comax. The other personagee IfiZe farce, who aro all more or lea Imporant, are paed with a great deal of spirit, Mr. eorge ~bIng! as te interestng convict; M}s Castleton, as the roosnio young lady Ia Runden, aedhedownsightBservzt.id;and ELr. Wigan, a the amdevouring page, well uainIng the merriment during tiso intervals let by Mr.'obsou.
THE SOLDfARW PAY IN INDIA. TO THE EITFOR OF TELE TIES. -8ir,-Xnowlng how -correct you generally are on all ponts mentioned in yortiAding articles, I nl st apologize for pointing out a sligh.alstake Sn one of yur leaders In this mornlng<s paper. I am more hdXced to do this as I am awaire it IS a very eommon mistake for peop;e to aUppoee tbat the Europ,ean solcilerreoelves doutble payirbInd1a * such i not the CaiSe, he reoe&,an exactly the same as'*he does In Lt a hab - stataont(ithin a radius of 20C miles from the Presidencies) the aily pay of a private-is 5 annss,4 4.pioe, and 12 31's (5a. 4 U3Ip.), and free rtions, which amo valued at three anns and four pice, mang 8a. Sp., wkich at 2z. the rupee glves Is. Id., the same d*y pay that he eoeives in England. At a full batta sation, he soldier receives 8p. ady (Id.) Wbou elso lose sight of aothor point which atthe present time I think should be brought prominently forward-viz. that the regulated nunmber . of women, 12 per ceat., receive from the East India Gwvornment an allowance of 5r. (iOn) a-month, and each iZ'itlmate child under 14 years of -e 2sr. a-month. [io think that the tEon. East Indi Company should glie these poor women some compenstion, as they are (very properly under existIsz ctrcumstanos) not allowiedto embah I feel quite suse that tf you talce up the2r causes thev will Roon ti>;. J1aICE. .Lio. 0. - 16 atnaa = 1 r?V; 12 poe =1 ann&.
ZA8U2lTZNANT OSBORNE. TO THE EDITORCW THE TIMES. Sk-ou umerous readers will be gvAd to hear~4hat a letter wriitten In good spiritr, tha been receivecl from. Lieustenant OsbDorne, dated the b6th of October, statfrg thatreino ents had reachedl him. I am. Sir. vouy ebeaient -4i, C. a L JLJc *U.
DFA5WCF THiE COINrSS (DO1WAGER) OF MORBzY. -We regret to leamn that intelligence was received in town yeterday of the death of the Countes (Dowager) of MorIep, who exy'zed.on Monday night at Sirtam, Devonshire. The late Contess was daughter of Mr. Thomas Talbot, of Gonsvile, Norfolk, and married on the 23d of August, 180, John, 1st nd kto Earl of Morley. hids arriage with Lady nugusta Fane being dissolved in Februry of tho same yar. By her masriae her Ladyship had surviving issue the present Earl of Mofsey, DErTE o' MR. R. C. HILDTAIaD, M.P.-A vcancy has occurred In the representation of Whitehaven in the House cd Commons by the demise of Mr. Robert Cbarles Hiloyard, M.P., who died at hal-past 12 o'clock on Monday night at ids residence in Lowndes-atreet after a severe and protracted-lness. He was third ae of tbe Rev. W. Hildyard, rector of Winestead, Yorkshlre, and born in 1800, Mhr. Rldyard rocived his early educati4an at Oakham School, and afterwards removed to Catherine Hall, Cambridge, to complete si studies. At theUniversiy he gratly distinguished himself, and wa senior optime in !823, took the degree of LA. in 182, 3nd was for some years fellow of his halL In 1627 hewa called to the bar, and for a series of years was one of the leading me;Thers on the Northern Circuit, and obtained his sflk gown as Queen'B couensel in 1844. Mr . Hildyaja was countel to the iwhy of Lncaster, which appolntmeni he resigned In 1846. The deceased gentleman was first elected for Whitehavext in 18 without oppodtion, and baa since continued to represnt that borough in Parliament. A Conservative in politcs he supported the Earl of Derb1's Government and generally voted with the present Opposition. D aEB FOG or YEkEBDAY.-During the whole of yeterday the metropolis and the country within a radius of 30 miles were envTeloped 2n a fog of the most intense density. The opaqueness of the atmosphere was such that all business was transacted by means of artidclal light, steamboat traffic above brldge ws wholly suspended, atd below bridge the utmost caution had to be observed in order to prevent collIions. The Inward bound large steamers brought up at Blackwall, but, notwithstanding the precu. tions of strking bells and sounding gongE, much damage was caused byTessels gettirgathwarthawsen andfoullDganohors. On the various lines of railway the fog-signals were found to be of the greatest utility, but the speed of erdinary trains wAs reduced tso as to preclude In a great measure the posaibllitj ofoccdent,. Thoe occasoned by cabs, omnibues, anLd cher veioliss were very numerou, and the sufrerc wera tLaen to the near-st hopitals to bave their woundg dressed. Informatiol -was given to the police of several street robberies, including watches, purses, and portemonnais; the contents in the aggregat, amounting to a large smm the robbering of shops, part~iclry in the su'bubs were also exctiedink(- numerouse. In the evening men ahd boys withIinkshsa a san.cienoy of employment,and reaped a ood havet At abouit 7 ob'lock however, -witkout any plereptible cause the fog suddenly sleared off. TSp , Gncacsi, Consrr.BB O. ErEUows.-..~fr Spae as pone h GnrlCintteo lein
TII HEALTH OF LONDON. (From the Weekly Return of the er.GeneraL) The mortality of London continued high lat welc, and even showed a tendency furt749 tq ipreSq, jl the 4wo pevyous weels the deaths were a,bou 1,886; In the week that en.ded last Satuy (Deemmber 5) they roae to1,423. In the 10 yai3 1897-56 the average number of deaths in the V6e0s oOrresponding with last week was 1,318. But, as populaion has incras, the average for comparison must be xdend proportionally to the increese, in which wase it will bewome 1,450. Renoe It appears thAt the deaths of laet week were rather le tlhan the corrected average; but on refeenoe to the retmrn for the frst wek of Dember In 1847 It wll be een that In oosequence of Infiuea be}ng epIdemic the deaths from all cAue then rome to the etrxt ordinry namber of 2,454, and tho aversp whioh embraois that period Is higher than would have been obtWed if only ordinary causes had been In operation. It may be sed that at least a hundred persons died lat wek who would have survived if thfe season led not been. in more than a usual degree unfavourable to heath. These doeths are the result of Inflner 'temin`jnat ere mdicoa praoctitioners believe, In'bronehitls. . Tbe number of 'deaths referred in the present returs to PulmonaYdiseases (exelusiveof phthis ai) whooplikc4ugh)' in415, whlehIs not muckhlessthanathirdprt of thetofal number eturned In the week. In the nine year 1848.56 the deaths from the same cla of tomplain rauged from 171 to 379. The deaths caused by bronchttis eontinue to increae, for In the two previous weeks they were respectively 227 and 217; lat week they were 242; the'corrected Verafe for lst week is 158. Tho tAble -show the greatest number of deaths frorn bro*etis during thst period of life which extends from 60 to 80* years, 92 persons having died In that intervaL. Byond 80- jers'henumber falls to 20 the disease then finding a much reduced number of living subject. fod its attk. Pneumonis, wmhch "es off ehefly the coiLg, is fa from boins fMaduringthep. sett pefo& oruicknem ; forlthe daths1rm iti rhc4wrei ju1 two previos .weeks 127 and 143, feUlad. 'week to li. Which is hardly equl to the average. The3i=ber oE I In which Influenza is pecaldly mentiohe& is 22; !In4 nonagenarians ar returned, all of whom were wonien ex. eept on.- Besdes a fatal ease of "Intafnfle cholera" the deathol a seman fro,n cholera, peumonia," is recorded. He died oni November 24th on boad the Dreadnout HoepifA1 abl1t Three chUdren died of searltina within four days ina family ih Gerge-stret, somer-stow, and two in another family It Exmonth street,in the sme nub-district. In the fAmilY lIA referred to the mnother and another of her children died also of the same dieeaae in November, Lst week the births of 938 hoys and 874 girl-in all 1.812 4hIM"en-were registered In London. Li the 10 corzespond. lug "Oeks of the years 1847-56 the average number was * At the Royal ObervatOry, Greenwich. the mean reading d the barometer in the week was 29-858 In. The highest Reading was 3016 in. at the end of the week. The mean temperatur of the wreek was 46-1 deg., which Is 4 5 deg. Rbove the average of the zame week in 43 yar (as determined by r. G her). On Wedneay and Th=dy.the erOe above the average ws 9 deg. and 11 deg. The high. eat temperature -occurred on Wtdeay, and Was 56-4 deg.; the lowest on Tuesday, which was 358 deg. The rage of temperature en Thuredq w- only.6 8 deg.; the mean daily range In the week was 12- 7 dem The difference between the mean dewpoint temperature and mean air temperature was 2 9 deg. The mean tesperature of the water of the Thames was436 deg. -The mean ilY degree of humidity of the air was 91 deg., complete ataeration being represented by 100; ox Wednesday the huMidity was98. After Tuesday the directon of the wind was generally south-west. The rain meaed in the week wasonly 0-10 In.
THE h :AN 31MCrNT lINYy.-Hovever runh onhave beea Shocked of late_by: the atrocities pu petrat,ed on board of Amlesican shipsat other ports, happily'nothing very remark4ble has transpired in. the same zXy in this quarter. We have now, however, to record w cam of a very agprated nature whih took ylace on the'rivor on F'riday, of which the following are the ed ing facts:-The shlp Ophelia, of Boston, United Stater, Captain Barker, was ying at achor at the Tail of the Bask on thwday in question, bn eome down the river from Glasgow, prepaatory to4 e out oi her voyage to Now Orlew.s. The roaster of the shp was in Glasgow on. that day, concluding bis arrangements for taing, and theshi wa chge of Chales enry Sawyer and Benjamin Lewis-both men of 27 yeariof age, andcA s-tho fialan s@od;maesof4h -esel A out o'lookon Athe4aoranlngf .lday.somie of the s*eainen,wsto board, andeinoniotfliers i Young mnan nimed Lovil belonging uto Newsy n Ireland. Scarcel hAd he gos en-deck when without the dlightest .provocation or It. Ulmtwe Lewis, the second mato, -strack him with asfi a most savag blow on the faoe, which -fell*d himr to thegiaund man the bloodl flowed Iromn his eyes, ~ He get up-, & wse. inLto the forecastle, where 'was'anothe6r of, the, seamen; nanled'KDatnel PRaser, a young manm betotigidg ta Rotredscy InBtte. Thetwomatesenterndethe forecastle and-quarrelled- with leer, whom they ordered on deckResaid he was ust going whenever he had got his knlfeo Be:h the mtes then scupon him and stuck hirolenulf. dragging him out of the-forecastle, and along the deck "tar asitbe booby hatch, SwheLewis, thesecond-mat,stecklm a semeudous blowr onAhe forehead with his fat, ciw.bolthe had daneros weponcalled a " Knuokledaster," which ls f Iron, andflts clsely on to the shut fis whi blow cut open Faser's foreheed, and foiled him to the ground, where heuly wth he loo tiowncopiously from his wound. Whe, lying on the deck thetwo mates " e to "booting" hiz, or ldckg w t ts The poor fellow, finding himself4'sbete to suc "oardly and cruel uage, sprang upon his leg;, got upon the ship's sde rail, andd jumped de3barately Iuto the river, n orer to esca freo his brutal ailants. He struck out -for Eer Majesty s ship W ington, which-lay at anchoroff, newer Greenocke. The.steamatug SirWilmWlacbd been nearing the Ophehia at the timean,eigthmn plunge into the river went In the w h he swimmig, and succeeded in plekinghun a veryen hasted state from the'reatment he ha ved and the effseh of swimming wdth his clothes on, the blood Atl streaming frmhiswound. raeinied~ ut-on bossd MeS Wellington, but the tug, W-A longsie the Ophelia, where the two mates of the uhp waent =nt the tug and hauled Fraer on 4oard their eseL thetug left the slp the mate tcldW Fser to go forwaW, take Off his wet elothes, and get his wounds dressed an aoto bed, and there.would be no moreabout it, and F1! did so. He was scarcely, however, &laf an hour in Us berth when Sayter (the mate) came to this door, and quielly told him he wanted to see him In his the mate's) state room to examine hswwesnds Fnrasrgot up and followed the mateaft tobhis tae t om. Some of the crw alsofollowed Fraser as far as theAabin door, blt thwee the latter were stopped short by Lewis the secnd mate, who came to the door, holding out a 4o aed nbarrmele Clolt's revolver, and said that Faers tz be put ia Irons, and that if anyAsi of tfhem attampted to as-sist Frase -In oppoing tihe(Lewis) wquld shoot hu. Fraser, overhearing from this thrent that he was to he handcuffed,auddenly made a ruab out from ,the cabie, and while passing the second mate the pistol was fired; as It appeared, at another of the crew, named Edward Freeman, who had aid something disapproving of the course the mates were proposing to adopt in ptting Fraser in kons, but, fortunately,,the shot did not take effect, Wbenever Fraser got post Lewis he sprang into the main zigging, ndwas about to juxp a second time into the sea when the fins mate called out to Lewis, the second mate, "Shoot that man i" and Lewis levelled the pistol to obey the bloody inmunction by firing sother of the barrels of the revolver, when one of the crew suddenly pulled down his ann and frustnted his diabolical intention, A number of the crew then made common cause wih Fraser, preventing his jumping overboard, and they immediately hoisted a blue shirt on the forelift, asa signl to Hfer Mawesty's hip Wellington thatEomnof theseamenwantedto volunteer into Her Majesty's service, as the beat means of Ietting quit of their enrement to sal In the Ophella without incurring the usul penalties for,desertjon, or rendering themselves liable to any punishment or forfeiture whatever, as provided in the 214th section of the Merchant Shipping Act. The first mate inslt that they should keep down the slgng, but tlse would not. Tire warship Wellin gton, however, paid no jttention to the dgnal. On the afternoon of the same day Abe two men, Fraser and Freeman, got on shore and reported the case to Mr. Blair, the proonrator-fiseal; And, a warrat having been obtained, the l:rst and aecond sntes of the Ophielia were apprehended on board their ship by the fial'sa dicer, asted by Sergeant Dredge and three main belonging to Hler Majesty's ip Ath lI. The officers aja found the revolver on board fMly loade to the muzzle w ball cartridge, and even capped, and all ready foraton. Ivell, the firstman whowas s-ck,hmentered on hoad the Athole; and seven others of the crew have reused to( with the ship after what they expteienced on 'SdY. Uaurday the fiscal. was engaged in maingu bip precognition, and the two mates are in prison awaitin the reslt of azi-invsdization. The crew is sad to be composed of a fine set of ordedey men.-G Wow Daoiy 4i7. THz Hoi. CEuALrE Suhxa -Quite a large number of the person and political friends of the Hon. Charles Sumner eollected at the Cunard Company's wharf, East Boston,t yesterday afternoon, to greet the distirguihd Senator on his afe return to his native State in the steawship Nlagara. He was welcomed by thm hearty cheers as the steamer arlved at her destination. He was taken into a carrag, and, in comrpany with his colleag in the Unite& States Senate, the eona Henry Wilson, the go. vernor-elect of this State, and the Hon. Charles A. PhelDs, mr o eed toa hi other'areldeneoein aancock-s t Atthe Ltter placeaacollectioni of 200 or 3OO people reoeived him with enthusias plaudits. In obedience to the con. -tinued calls he briefly addressed the assemblageaasuriag them of the gratification thAt his unexpected welcome had afforded hm. Senator- Wilan also delivered a brief addraes, la which he stted that Mfr. Snmner's health was intch Improved, thounh he had not entirely recovered. "He will go to Wasbin fl," said Mr. Wilson, "with the con. fidenee of the people0f Masachusetts and yhpu he sjeAks oev pa 6r Massachusetts, for MAssachusetts has put on her sntimerts and her opnilons, and her opions and enutiments are the opinions and sentiments of harles Samner." The aembly then separated. Afte`rwards Mr Sumner wa called upon by many, of his itlimate friendu. About the first person'to pay his respects was the venerable 16b;eft EAntouL. Senator Sisumer has nearl. y attained his formr vgoros halth nding yhiappearan;% but Iris complte rstortionwillhe aworkofes. The eminentu medicagentlemen obuted on both sides of the Atlantic vernearly -. n their belief in hls 4praumtc very
FARmAMORTARY INTVLUGELIXC. HOUS oP LOBRDS] TUiDAY, Dec. 8. Tae LORD C9c&0LLR took his seat onthe woolsck at 5 o'clock. LOB] GRANVMxLL ANlTD LORD DERBY. The Earl ot DERBY .14,-My lords, it referenoe to tbe 6onve"t1 which took plaeo In your lordihipe House ye terday between my' obl friend opposite (Earl Granzille) ad =njelf, permit ine to. sy that even at this moment I am quite at a los to clear Up the contradictlon between his statement and Mine touching the communication alleged to have passd between tVia Phddent of the Board of Control and es Perinsiiar and Orlintal Company. I have amer. tamned to.day uAt the gentleman on whose authority made that .ttement sil abeent In Paris. He ha, however, been written to odays1And I hope by Thursday or Iday,t the latst, I ihall be able to throw further light on the matter. I shall then, I tru6t, either be able to satisfythe Houe and my 1oble fiend oppoite that the Preddent of the BoaD of Control labour under some defect of memory o0 this sUbject, 'or I sall be ia position, lf it tUrn out that I !ave beien misinformed, to offer an ap6logy, wh I sha dI most cheerfully, and which I: hope will be satifactory to the Houe. (Hear, hear.) EArl GRNYVIL .-I discam the slightest wish, mny lordsi to Impute to the noble earl any Intentiontal mi. etateme4t of the facts n th matter i dispulte; but there is some extraordinary uderstandig on the part of some of the phrtleeoncemned whch itwould be most afactory to have cleared up, (Hear, hea) PENSION TO SIR H.- IAEELOaK HIer ajety's M" age having bee read by the clerk at the table, Earl GR&NYHD LE,V'.ho WAS noeet Imperfectly heard, rose anad ad-Y, ler&r-, I- Uave upon the prKeet ocion W peeultar 9e du7toperfow, in w hI am sure i shl );eet wlith thS ^ ippr o every out in this lIoue .'h;,>hieer), fcht sgter this m sr3n hi rGeneral:EIv.. *ochl&21am,yla bei, irecid Wherever itf hisb b qeii. AWiAd, there can be noadoaitbt the Houe H il cordidll y welcoine anyreward w ib er Majesty may please" t confer upon that gallant offi,er. I am sure also that every one of your lordship. li;ll jeb with meO i regrettg that the circumsan of General Wllson being an officr in EAstIndia OomPayssruvi precludes this House ftom mrking its admiration of 6is iioble servie In the saum way as thosc of General Iavelbok (hear, kear), for Gneral Wilson has greatly oontributd, under Divine Providence, to the ccebse which we have obtained (Hear, her.) With zespect to Gteneral Havelock, his claims upon the gratiude of the couitry great and of long stnd. Ing. He entered the army some condderable time ago, In 1815, sO that he is nct now, a young man. Shortly afterwards he went to Indi, and served, I believe, in every campig, ani has beea. esVg d In every principal action inTadiafroml82tdownto tbecIeofthelatep,ianwr. It Wouldbe iedions,a witisuweozzy,toenume2tethsemubrale of stars and medab which tat gallant officer bears upon his brdeit. (Hear.) p hireturnfrom the late Persian expse diton he reache dia almost simultneously wtlthje feaful outbreak of the nave olidi which we so much deplore. He was immediately set to joinGeneralNeill, with avery weak column offour regmento partly Sikhs and asmnal body of artillery, commanded by Captain xaude. He marchfe from AaabAd to relie.ve Cawnpore, but, as we all know, arrived too late to prevent one of the darkest page beIng added to our Indian history. .He effected one of the most extrordinarY Marches tobe found In military annals. With his force dedmated by fever and cholera, exposed to the effects of the heat at a season during which hitherto it had besn considered im. possible to move troops in . India, he met and defeated the enemny no less than four times, inflictin great lowses upon them on eah occasion, between the 6ith and the 16th of the sauemeoth. After leaving Cawnporehe marchod to rellate Lucknow, and, afterorossing the Gangew, he foght two battles on the 29th of July, one earl in the morning and the other late in the evening. However being encumberad with sick and wounded, his forereduee in number, he Was compeLtoretrace his seps, to recross the tiver, and to aw'itt CaLwore the arval of reinforce. ments. These relnforOeAn -Msreceived under the com. mnd of General Outram, whbt, Imtst remind the House, following the distingah exple of tho late Commander. it-Chief, Lord Hrdinge, in te Sikh campaign, most chivalrouslY and honouably to himself confined himself to Us civil offlce, and accompanied General Havelocr as a volunteer (hear, hear), in order that thit glant officer night have the credit which so properly belonged to him of having conductedthe victorious troop uder his command to thexelief ofthebWiege4city, Of P L ue ndKlear . 3Bsforce -thenoisted s:of 2,700Heen,-tro e Bunges, atta,ke tacisdhenlhy posztIongt,AIftimihc thi :21stl£ Septem}r>andafterwrdslog fovnoh rbnd thewallsof Lucknow. TheyultimatelyarzivedatLucknow, bX tl*nsorrIto ythatn'prit,wehLveo information 'khattheirefforbsh%ebfteencoled*ithth,ttcom oletor0essm *hichwllj eo esy desire eh edion ving bee -ebiely ndeskebto of o ur-ieplew oountry. Woner and their VWlremi, who ware snurounded by subsonus bbdles of SePoye in arms. 'It munt be the first wish of ever cne that God in Hg divine providence will permit thesegailant heroes to effect ther Purpose, and that wo may rslve that Information ere long. (Hear, hear.) Our pre. sent duty, as yout- lordshipg, I san sure, wil unanimously aree, Is by every means in:our power to testify that we entirely concur with'Her Majesty In wishing to do honor to one of her bravest and most dtlsginUied soldiers. I beg therefore to move the foUowg ddrees to Her Majesty- " That this House reurns to Her Majesty its thanks for Hber at jests meet Mraclou Message, to inform the House that HEr Majest,beingdesirousof eonferringa si ml mak of her favour and approbation on alor General Sir Henr Havelock, Bart., LC.B., for the eminent and distin ished servioes rendered by him in command of a body ot titish and native troops In India, and partiLculry in the gallant nd suocesful operatlons undertaken for the rellef of the garison of Lcknow, recom bends it to the Hon e of Lords to concur in enablnz Her liajesty to make provision for securing to Sir Henry Havelocn * pelonIof l,resd per annum for the term of Gis naturald xnd to are hEer Majesty tht this Hooe wil cheerfully concur in any measUre to earry out Her Majesty's wishes. The Earl of DEBRBY-It would be impertinentIn mete attempt to follow the noble earlinthesttement which hehas jusinade, e6pecially asupon aformeroc sionIexpressed my high sense cf the services of Ghneral Havelocir. Ilam happy, howvever, to have an Opportunity of expressing my entire -concurrence with the nobl earl in the eulogiurn which he -has so justly pronouced upon General Wilson, whose name inadvertently omitted to mention ona former occasion. I Ahould be sorry if it were thought that I had Intentionally -omitted to pay due honour to a most distinguished officer. I-can only say for myself, and I beLieve I may say on behalf 4ofevery one of your lordshipe, that We oordially concur in bhe address which the noble earl has moved. If there Is one ether name which I may venture to mention upon tbis e0cason, it is one to wlhch I adverted upon a former eveuing-the name of cne who I trust still survives, and to whomn the thanks of this country Are eminently due -I eer to the gallant officer who so Iong commanded at Luckihow, Colonel Inglis (her, hear), who, with all the anxieties attendant upon the presence of his wife and chlldr,en, has neverthelees so nobly fulfilled the duties of his perilos postion as commandant of the garrison. I am quite sure QF noble friend Wlll feel that it is only right we shouild do jutice to Persevering gallantry under sach trying circun. stances. (Hear, hear.) Earl GRDVTEI.1 I would only wish to point out, in respect to what has just fallen from the noble earl, that this s not the proper. occasion or plaee to discuss the distribu. tion of honour, which is the prerogative of the Crown. It will-be 5ucicent for me to remind the House that, although it would be most gratifying to confer honouzs on the spot where they re earned, yet that when they have to be con. ferred at home it is necesary for the Government to awalt complete official information. (Rear, heir.) The ddres was then agreed unanimousy. RETGIOUS WORSHIP ACT AMENDMENT BIIL. Upon th'e order, of tho day for the second reading of thls bill being read, -The Earl of 3SHA ESBURY rose and said-My lords, sIthough I do not intend to press the second reading of this IBil upon the present occasion, yet I think it is incumbent upor me to make some statement of the reasons which have induced me to bring forward this measure. Your lordships wll remember that in 1855 a Bil was passed by this House a nd ultimately becae law, entitled, "An Act to secure the I&berty of Religious Worship." That Act left the eclesiL acal law untouched, mxd did not alter in any way the authority of the diocesang, or interfere with the obn lons ,,ew. It only relieved laymen and clergymen of the church Of England from penalties for having servioes or prapers unlicensed places. The object of the Actwas one of greot Importance, in consequence of the stxte of the popula tion ir large towns, and especi,lly in this metropolis. The popalation hasso increasedthat lthasgonecompletelyyond the control of what igcalld theparocbial system, so much so thai; the existing number of churches is insufficlent for the wants of tho popuhtion, and unless we could obtain a large vot of pubic money or procure enormous contributions from private sources to build churches adeanuate to thoee wants, nd to endow a sufficient number of clergymen to cffi. cEaie In them, it became necesary to resort to other means of maidDg klown to large clamse of the people the first princlpSes of Chriatianity.jts doctrines, and the duties they inlClmcte, It Ws with the view of enabling us to open Plaes of wozship at little expense that the Act ws passed , and as soon as that happened I and other gentlemen Domildered in what way we coud make use of the facilities Staffordead We determined to open Exeter.hall,sad If il time we lshould find the end we sought was obto-' 1- t9 open other placea for divine worship in which we could have a cetain form of prayer and sermons by clergr men eciOe Aoni all parts of the kingdom. Those services Worn inatiilt<a Jast year unde the sanction of tbe right rev, prebate '$$hD rzandes over the diocese of London, and with the 'motion of the incutmbent of the district withn wln,a Ereter-L^ Srs e0nated, When we asked the clergymaM's sanction it WaS S matier of courtey, not affirming nor denying the doctrine of inlbItAtion Now,myldrds, iet-U bi 'tamnd'thtvt mwhmof people exit th;Eis grt metropois who are almost enitirely deprived of religious Iruction of any description. I have alluded to the pacity of' church" and to the inadequacy of Ite number of the clegy to the diage of thek duWis, and I can asure your lordship. that even in those puus In which the stff of c Sergy s getest-ad I an borne out In that statement b6 the Clergy themselves-. very large proportion of the wordng claes havetlg uitmo diriculty in obtaining the advantage of spiriia teachiug. I Will content 3myEelf sW Stating the faCt c ithoUt #Zte6ing into the caum to which It Is to be attributed, but that the fact Is what I have destribed it to be nobody ca gaisy. The habits and mode of life of the lower orders the extent to swhich their religios training hAsblitherto been nglected, and the gret dlstrast of the eleoftite eOurch ef Engt land by which they are influoeed-pooklng upon them, at theydo, only in the light of getlemen who wear black oat and recelve la gesalade-haves Ad the Osacs io ain. ing access to those elases upon the lest of t5e el-ra to be so overwhelming. thai soM of the in o who have 3en most devotW Jo UbAlscharge of 4he diuts of thelr acd calling hivelbuMttatthe4se cleung life they have been -nab iSn make any Advance iu becoming acquind wh a lag propetlon of inc people. We therefore, say lords, foud It ageeaY to accommodate our elves to thatpeoulizr Ae oi thing and to see what we cold do witout depktng frm those principles of propriey by which we 'wiJhed our condu to be guided. Under these crcuintances,-s we reoled to Invite ibe class to which I have zefrred to atend at aervices at which they might, at allevenit, le enabled to hear e uaelil prayer and be rnuoW iA thU detine of the Gospel'by some approved mixlster who would be foundreidy to undertake th, performmne c that dt#. An Invitation ha acoordo witha that reelsUton ,r accordingly 1iud, sad xebr-h4wu thrown Wpsa totbe wotking.clam upon the fowbgdW ess;s 5houd ,be no distinetion c peseors,, no rs o colection,. and, in shott,tlict, eivry one wohoaesee, 10 matter how humble henight be, should be dealt swit up4n precisely the same footng s if he weethe firs na i theland. (Hear, hear.), Tht. ridt anared, I am hpyto say-nay, it exceede4-our must - anulne expetatlons, not oDly SD far as rot es- to. ite. Anulab of those who attended at the serview, but atoa so- far sa their. position in life, theilr earnestzieM andihesaMeont ot aMe-. tion and deep feling Which they manifesed re coner2ned(HeW, hear.) I, as a matter o duty andofpincple,w presentatthe 'wkolel2 serio he e prore sete from beg n ngtoend; andIean beartetimony tthefact thattowardsthe. r clos the earnestuess and attention to which I have alluded ad greaty Incrad, evl in comp rio with sbe fite on when those qualief 'e syedu pozL te pazt ot a lare congrtgaton oQ `orkkng pe,p asaembld kether didseply and without an retrant to adegree lich created surprli and sIsacion n the breast a almod everybody who took an internst in the movement, (Hear, hear.) WeLl y lords, I Lave mixedwsththeworlingelasesin0 tat period. I have corresponded withtbem,and Ienreyeyourlor pstaat the effectwlhtlh xicseser haveprodueedupontheirmh4 hasbeenof a character at one40ee and la g. (Hear her.) They spo6e during the progrm of the srices. they speak now, with the utmost gratitude of the ChurcL .f England. They expressed their asonlishment at finding that the clergyof thitC1hroh shouldhave sbownthemelvae so eager to promote thelr welfa I saw ray 2 ht.rev. friendthe bhop of Crlislen hs eanoncalrobesofeleitlng to a vast mans of those poor and hitherto forgotten poplo, and it is, I can smre your lordshipe, witb teArs ithelr eyes that they speak of this iusanee of the Interest which has been exhbited in their regard. Now, my lords, I am ooninood that if theeservices had been continued, every human being who has at tended them-with vry few exceptions indeed-would have become a firm and true adneuent of the established ohurch, (Wear, ear. ) The Exeter-haU serices are, however, now at an end Thy have bee etopped by the authorit7 of the incnmbent of that district in wVhch Exeter hll is stuated, and, wfitout enterig into any inquiry whether the law iustfed hinmlatakingthat C'oum or not, I May eAteto your lordships that the reaaonwhich Induoed usto acquies ntheinhibigon Ws dmpl that wkich Iam about io m n- tion. The serviocs were to have been recommenosd in the moxth of October under the sanetion of the bishop of the dloeesr. Shortly before the day upon which they were to have been recommenoed, however-I believe only one aY before that time-an inhibitionwas iksuedb thelIculmbent of the distrist to the minister who was to hlave officiated, and who lives atRain ate. Tht gentleman at once wrote up to say that he did not undertad the mernling of the doctrine bpon which the inhibition was foundAed, it as to do som orht1setocomunit abretch of. the la e shuld de. cliib tooffitiate' That antubanement-todit u y ' insprise. Sevenrl meinbers of the committeewere in dfsfrent parts of the conrtry, and bit a vety few r o its number were to be found In London. Those who were here deemed It to be the wisest touoe tO oakbelng Ignorant of the law uponthexubjecttb dilir ta, as the minister who wias to perform the servii sid aot wtaioexpe6e himell- tffte enAequaenoof entedngpoel the duty, the servoes should be cloo5,* and should not be renewed ntl further nquirleshad been made. If mywn individual opinion had been acted upon at the time, the 'servcee would have been persevered in, beeaue I have.very great doubt as to whether tEe power of inhibit0in Upon the par of the Incumbent legally exist Asming, hower-, thEt sluch power does exist, I think It is highly expedient that some step should be taken either to do away with it altogether, or, at all event, to qulfy its exercise to some extent. Now, my lord; let me for one mnoment direct your attention to the grounds upon which the inibition in question was issued The first ground which is set forth by the rev. incumbent is that the Exeter-haill servles did not answer the purpose for whih they woere institluted, inasmuch as they were not attended by persons belonging to that clas whose benefit it was sought to promote, while the second ground which was advancedw that those ervioes had thr,effect of emptying the ordinary churches Now, the latter charge I believe to be altogether unfounded. The servioe 'were held at half-past 6 o'dcock wbile the camonical services of the church are invariably held at 11 o'clock in the morningsnd at 3o'clockinthe afternoon. (Hear.) I must also exprees my belief that very few of the ordinary attendants of our churches were habitul frequenters of these aer- vioes; somepersonsbelon glngto thebe1terdssseedid,nocdoub, attend upon thoseoocasions at Exeter-hall; but It'wa our particular requet that none but the working clases should come there, to the exclusion of those who wsre ordinary attendants at church. I do not, howrever, mean to ny that 'we were not upon the whole glad thkt there were present a mixture of Classes, inasmuch as a certain community of religious worship was thereby brought about which, perhaps, it was not altogether undesirable to secu. (Her, heir) But, be that as it msy, to say that the members of the working classes did not contitute the Tvat majority of those who satended those services is to make an asserMon which must either be tho result of malignity or of a total Ignoranosc f the facts of the case. (Hear, hear.) Several member of both Houses of Parliament went to Exeter-hall uPon those occasions, and I appeal to them whether those whom they saw assembled there were not eentially members of the woarking classes: To the young men o-nnected with the Sunday schools who were placed at the entrances to the hall to prvent any persons but those connected with the working clases from going in would make a similar appeaL I feel asured that by them the accuracy of my testimony will be corroborated, and that they 'will one and a be ready to bear witness to the order and the decorum 'which pervaded the wvhole of the vast multitude which at those svimes was congregated in Exeter-haLl. Well, my lords, the ernoes have been stopped, notwithstanding that the rev. incumbent had been earnestly soliCted not to persevere in his inhibition, and what has been herlt TheNonconformist ody have stepped into *ur plaoes, and I say here s I have sid everywhere, and as I shall continue to mdantan-thatto the members of that bodywe owe adebtofgratitude for the manner in which our places have bean supplied. (fear, hear.) They have in this instance ated with a delicacy and a forbearance'which redoundslinfinitely to their credit, They declined to engage Exeter-hall untilthey had ascertained that it would be quite imponsible for us to renew our service, and having taken the hall they offered to give it up at any moment we mightdedr. (Hear, hear.) They also, that they might not seam to do anything by way of foil or contrast to ua, adopted most minutely forms of the service which woe ha institted They selected the hymns 'which we used to have sung, and the officiating minister read a leson and a portion of the Litany of the Church of England, while in his discourses he never either directly or indirectlr aluded to the difficulties under which the churma of England -was placed, or to the freedom cf the p y to which he belonged, or to the manner n which tltat body had come forward to folow in our footsteps. (seare heer.) Now, my lords, let us.justobserve the position in which the Church of England is placed in rsference to this question. When Exeter-ball was shut agaInst us, we applied for the uEe of St Maris, another fine hll In it vicnity. The incumbent of the district in vlhch that ball s situe, however, although he approved the servioes which were held at Exeter-hall, announoed it to be his intention to isse his inhibition against our holding services within his perish. We are thersfore in thi position, that while In the hall which I have just mentioned, members of every perxuasion -infidels-nay, even the Mormonites themselves, may ariac and preach to the people, to the ministers of the Church of :England alone is that privilege denied. (Hear, hear.) But then, my lords when we were shat out from thes grt halls, was any suostite offered us? Were any m ploed within cur reach by which to instmuct the tens of thousands'rho came Sunday after Sunday to hear the word of God? For I should mention that, though Exeter-hai beld but 5,000, balf as many more Were sent AWAY envry week for want of room, and the doors were tbronged an hour or an hour and a half before they were opened, so that people-ight ho sure of finding admission. Was any subdtite oferedusI None. We have indeed beeUtold very indistinctly that in the course of time WestMinstr Ab and St. Pauls may be opened for hort services and extemuoraneouspresobhing. Now, no one would rejoice mere than. Ishould to Nee these edifioes opened for seric several times a dap, And eve evening also.Ishudgat rejic I fveELAus!andye W4 InrAbbouydgectl thus be open to the public, Buti, if that wer so, even they would not be enough to take in the hundreds of thousads who Are withln the luge of this vst metropoiL (HEar, hea.) Besdes this, anoiher conideraion pesent itsdelf I te peculiar habits, manners, and tase of a great prion of our populaton. There arzelarge numbers oEoreoj who of we pt alLn me mow to tate - them [ should ha rtherafbrddoaetion Yet# a n_ e notnog to be rUZ tf you Xthei them- in to Isin y brAr) ; amn,ortl go orles thhey have Immiortil tbkk wo sisbounmd to do v ting can atey with principle and with t these persona to om and heir the word of God as p*eacbed by the ordained and authorised ministers ofethe church of Egla. (Hear.) The clas of whiclh I ~ spaking ll ~ ~not SOiWe. Weat rninter Abbey and rSt aura; but my fim belif i, after 00 netah XeUrMeOf tr"6z thEisfk« ~ t wrh hisk e, sogtt ttrat them, they will end bygoig to tla Abber, to St Paul's, anad ,ther p laehl chcs ith are but treted with piro. plety and respet vhen the ter thos pleo I use thb words" 'propety an respect" because I conider it a gtea defect in our churchss-a qdfect which has not grown up ,? ceetrery, we Are a ow leaning to avoid it-..t1zttl=ewtng classes,when they atend the servioes of he stblihmet,genral And themselves pewed up to . their very eys (he), iht ot from plas where they cm hea an bewel asommdatd,and not p4ooedona footieig o e itywit tereto th o on. Youlind sunny n o ana coers resd for Vh irorking claesyou ve free ea t apat for thee.; but they will zo; oocupy those ploe., thy think Usy, ar despsed and eated a b itg of a seod ar . Unlea stherefore, you bowIthe proper respet, -an in the Houw of GC; admit Mt thre -at Jeasre Is equalit depend upon It the vast propn of the abo g popu. lalon. Ei London nevvr to bought to asttad the worship of the establihment. (Hear.) Now, they went to Exeter-ball because as they everand*ver agdn &asued us, they found themselv teat tbere with respct, hI kt 2 dthe ar n6 d th pprustof gettingthe best places, were x6tdie. Into. ecnooksaznd corazrsof the bfUiding, and wer in il.Th repectsrec6nied an hunn belns eqully wit ourselv. appears, e, tome that, ce sNg the vastnumberz. tr nt ,lu ded with relgious Instuction, the pt- exits for bringinag nwht7 s ithin, the infuefos of Gospel m miniatrMl.cossdngd moreover, tht this ca .te done if we accommodate orseves to the - peculiar habts of thepeop, the power of inhibition must - either be altogether removed or ymidified. Thls. powaer 9 s werJ tr o tobeexwdceedby ou of a sub- . ordinate tation, anfromi &er ^pltlow lrw nsib1c. I think it to --be veste In IndivIduash cc. thpL'; n ieuIissA n h the church-those vWhoareixrctl kupoclbl t *i Reu s ad to the peotfZng]a4. I ~ish e io apPek ithr c N itto ey Ast ents- . the Ineuuhent and. aelt affeeoli pow, vay 6n conversant with ilit parqchial system knows- that in theraldidrietsa tb ciete yo.etfect; the clerteo 4 pothe L ts 4hir flock an&. nDqSonene: SWhen, 4owevewr towemto suchlar- o ?inesare Iefo dithin this ietro. F poirhraI,00>15,00,or aX0perona have teooik - P ountto An eckeryl for toryssLtiseitoweer,a thse Ed a* the Pa a em is tly rou forwar As a ment agais- any tmprovement whc maybe Intmpaed. I repetthat h sem must be. ,rerod under two aspeots-s I.affk the incmbentde t affees the-Ieopl. Now, whbat ae the rights of the eople where it isIn force? Et y maw, woman and chld elaim a scat in the perih church, and also the personal Lud direet ministration of the clergy. Is that nght respeckd and allowe in eair Urger tow? Wlby, when you go toihe a od Lond . look at thoy sweming paries, where, tha God I there are some of the most. devout, acve, and pious men who eer ministered to the Church of Ohri, the clermens wi tell yowlittears in thelz eyes, that they cannot discharge one-tenth of thelr duts, And the peepve th eoesnute left vithout tAt superintendence an- deprived of the--enjoyment of tiose rights which propetly-belong to . IIf, then, .the peoplnpose the rei, and i t if snaufeatl-r ionpossible that they can enjoy them-it I is impomiie for the miniter to extend to thews hie patoral mperin. - tendene, and if the parih- Church cMot receire them, where are they to go? Where, exoept to place likeExeter. halL the doors of which re thrown open, and%invite these - negleckd wanderers from other par of London to enter and listen to the word o God? Y shut them outfrom their ights in their own parishes you tell them that there the perochalsystem cannot be maintained; they then come down to Exeter-hall, end are uddenny mnet with the dedlaration that there the system must be observed with all Its rigours, You tell themn-"No I The incumbent here is determined to exert his full authority, andwill aUlw no human being but himself to preash the word d God within,. hisdirict." Thus, the personswho oomefromthose diant parishes, where they cannot enoy theirightfind&that no - d I pd anywhere to tserihts; thattheircivil lirties are not respected, and their spiritua instraoffon semain uncared - for. Now, it seems to me tht yen-must do ene of two thinp-either make the parochIal stA, ith the attednat rights coferred y it, rigidly observed in evey parish throughout the. - country, due provision being everywrhere made for the Epiritual intruction of the people and their commodation, in the churches; or ele you mst mke screlxatious in. the sytem aire 'deriiahdbd by the eeealtleae tit etime and the wants of tile populaic. As tw yi-i yo ill mnin the presbnt ae o hi - at you l allowthelparochisIrstem to be enftirly broken4hrough in one districK AndyetpreserveIt iiiSits rigourin Another distrlct-Ithink bsis an outrage 1upethepe*eple of thig oountzy-a delairatlon that the fialeC of Engand-is zot to instruc, Dt to deny isdrhctiee, and coerce thoae who atteipn"inipAr it. (Eear.)-Ihcl&fr hn le#erIhaveju* rceved fromad yotthechwh; rhoby no means agrees with mo in a thngs, and from tbisletter I cnmothelp quotingome short-ppg- "I entreat you (he says) toperSs*eee i. any&masunre which may prevent a parochial cha -for the health of mens sonls from being turned Into a trorial dominion to impede their being taught." (Cheers.) This appear to mne to cont-n-the Whole SUm and subsanoe of the cae, and I think your lordships will agree with me that some relsxatiou murt take pio in the present sysem, and that we eannot leave these mighty m uncared for. At present the bisops of the churchare placed 2navere pecliar podtion. 4In this instnoe the bishop of the dlocoss gave his santon tothe services at ixeter-hall. Having srveyed the oondition of the people, being deeply touched with their spiritual destltution, he entered most warmly Into our scheme, himslf attended the services, and closed one of them by pronouncing the benediction. When the inhibition was Isued the bishop of the diooses had a long Interviw with the ineumbent, and implored him (using not episcopa autbority but episcopa entreaty) that he would deidst from his opposition, and llowthe ervio¢s to go on. Now,the4bihopisinagrea measure responsible for the spirktl oondifioiiothis diooes, and if, when he sees that Its wants re crying and grievou, and sanctions the means used for the purpose of supply thosew ants, he is to be set at naght by the incumbenMo a disriet, who declares that the word of God shall not be ed there exoept by himdflf I must say it appeasZ ome that this bihop has utle more to do exeptetto retire from the field altogether. (Hear, hear.)Ithn}kit i neoosary that something should be done either to remove or to Alter the power of inhibition. I am most anxious for the preservation of prochial rights, and therefore In the proposition Iam about to ubmit to your lord. ips Inaall be very cadul not to infringe upon those rights futher than I conoedveto be absolutely xecessary. I wih to legisate upon the immediate point to which I ha ve called your lordahpes' attention, und not to o beyond it, but at the sane time I must tell your lor1di p. tht I am consUntly receiving oral oommunications and written oom. munications, both with and without signatures, charing me With pusillanimDty for not going further, declaing tht the meware I have proposed is most unsatisfactory, that it will be attended with llttle, If any, advantage, that a gret deal more mnst be conced,andthat theonembersof thchurch.. of Englandwillhavelargeronce1onos. IthinkI mbound in candour to sy to those of the bench of bishopsbecause the whole body Are not agreed-who resist anyalterationonthisessentiialsubject, that-thetermsde mande will become year by year !ar more extensive, and I have not the slightest doubt that the perseverance of the laity of the chureb, supported by the great body of the cler, wil eventually suoeed in effecting the greAt object desgcrbed by the Apostle, that " the Word of the Lord may have free corse and be glorified." I Will now tell your lordships. what is th nature of my proeition. Without affirming or denying the power of inbiblfton,ll mine that it exists and I propose that this power of inhibition shl not ertn to pabhes or district the population of which by the last preceding censu exceeded 2,000. In parishes with a popu. lation of leas than 2,000 the clergymen may say-" Weare pereetlycompetenttomanageo0uowrnparIe; we don't want anysort of asstane; thewholethingisestirelywithin our rap" and in those cae I think the pvocha systm may ec continued. This providon wll exclu&d from the opention of the Bill a eat number of eountry parishes where the clergymen are capable of diseclirmg- their paohial datie%, and do perform them. think the powr f ihiitin hold ot hoevr,extend to parises- thttieoe fihbiin hc a nsm Instaibnc admitting r jetin any cleryan of the churcth of Englandwbo-may-oome into aoht In y plnos4 t rt upon the bIahop,. beetius hecatae a laew of the neceassties of his dicee, and wl ot 1e.ilueunoced by mpturesof iterestin re, arding tbe ondition of its various district. I further propoe to limittheBill entrely to the o ,oadoa seroies b v ndor ther Act commonly oalled the I Ibert of W eltousWrsreip Act." I provie tlat the power of Ih In e ue Lb il} to " any congregatiOn Or assembly Occasionally meeting for religious worshin any btiUnl o bui ig tnot ausal appropriated to purpos of religions worship."Io tu-ns yIor JordiRPe Will se% therefore, thGA I hive asked t moreOtn I abSoltel nmeessry. I propos to legislae only for a evl that his arisen, and to heave the parochial system untouched wherever it is dueessary to itefer with It. I have onll proposed such a measre as wil tnable hundres and ouatnd And ten of thoUands to melet In Plac not ordinarily appropriatd to re ous wor"shm 'whre they may riceve the teaching of ordained Cler20 rn6 on ud ILAs I attended ce of the srivioc e-u by Non mormists, and the hail was thronged PrinciPally by maembens of the working classes, who were mtet devout and attentive, I confesb that as I bwaRlkd away I was almt overwhelmed with shams to think that the curch of ugla4 alone wato xeladed from holdng ouch ervie; that the church of BEood" alone, whch is contotud the* ohueofther J lm, and to hoih such a duty is pculrly sdetd, ahoulA be th onl body, amoar believern or unbelleverg, whib is not allowey to open -arall. with thelewof gLIv Isste one to Ub peoplc i-omac nenoeof the repceeaaftleonsth WI"t wis ofa lrgemajntyOfteblhegs,I promised to ps-c pespenmen-whch s n dobt ntededto ea to the ultmat reectonof he easre- m StayI think the r~gb rev prlate mae th fatl anounemet tht the
HOUSE OF C , b. D, 8e The SPAkiE tobk thecMirt o'eloA Mr. T. lT. -BERNARD presented a-tition from the e lergy of the deanery of endover,inthevchecoUo el 1271 archdaownry of d3cNv dparst tifi o of 'the mhrsges'of PEMON'S[ONS WORETIENG BLS EROPS. hE.GRIFIVITEH save notic that On Friday, he would ask the nhble lord at the1°a ofthe GoveTnTment whether it washiintentionto.bring Ia Bill this esion to provide ~tirin 'p :inu or iah e g psios f l,a bhhops' oirnew'according AU8TRU&L1AN MAf,&M SERVICE. Mr. YOUNG ts\hedto siJkthe §4Fretary to the Tretery t aitieps ]had -been take to' prev u the iterionof theateaimail servie)**with &Vt hich wAf likely to Ub. 9Ocaonod b1tbea AOd$o*lb,r1 chip ]Emeu; aud lwJat the acoijt>>toi a - ftom - prevent dant thservi,e nOceouadeooe oef the teatmshp enapged intttraxnsinaod of the' aIlsW 1eteen~ Australia tud Mr. BA UGatIr f'e meu, afte* and he ouldaioljeP fomed astherwaino apare ressel ibelonkging, to te.oan.*e EmelC ought ft Xznufary'exi to hebruthoeh Iniafroxm Sydne but the ompDUy coUld not tae ayst-ep tot sipml the deficietcy Aused nher abence, nor could the con. panMY'Sagent atSyd ha'euelnber place, because the intimation the d old e conveyed -to S,ydnij by t'he Bijhla, whh Julz I dse course toairtv t Sgydney on 'th 9th of Tauazy, wheres the hoewaird ihil oght to start ca'tli i441tWirJnUry;' Thelo5t oftwo, .naalla ld.thesefore follow from'te aceldht to the EmeuL ithe Adiralybddrctdteratentiontothe mannter in ru ble to-Mvv4n,o pre g P d du lftu swhiclh the smevie lisa bCqen- inrd nextThej wereawarDof tahGie 'neriest bith-hicbze's an°iod regular transmisto= of th nials wa re~adea ountry And the dustralian coloniaL There wuno doubt thxt the iompany nerfr tsrvcha be Iar ed to -come sc. tgo n the aatlstfae&A onf the Amiay 1 A.tt last a e aIn the IN.i. coledy Sen -o uaebfrom tboany that e or spreO vesse weomuldbepacd on the stato bv.o Suetpichenty Ctothai, the ep'ny's vtsels havingftaena grtime in tao n tha eir oyE C trwasbo eto foreh In tm e otract anaother plete ot the -_on eot chae m Btih Admirlty, reb Ast newrat beZ_V the cthvr aly, wanou rally as anf they ePiacta the coweand' wxo roepov.o Ithy had charte redmavSednae,i and Calc-oulda, an hithd wats h ot- eqre. Th compan thed Utattonoexteuwer able to rqentlr, aftenr betin avpaireya wombayav toSues,- Ine ordern towar y u t te eltake beqroae-bothae hontent ;, toether wthetiEmainl februao of nuo,ewvsse be! doniEtotkhe cuompny wouldo wh ich,itheopest anoetli,a they ophdrf wtshat t he hiidth da V. SwarTEdby the-Admiralty a Igentle who he- ; e a I sert,aon very smcmer. Ioneqfently,it h mamne The Ecoo-. paveny oulGnd havde foun yaseen of tulhoer Band tfon- nae Coreur Dired tg by i the ot ht og. enther wi the Ee wohicv, althocugat smaer tha the others,o was a h hd thather,'vr ehicIentmoveterewle for car teh mals. Tches Eoten becloz3a spare "vessel,, and next. sammen the sompany' w o u l d h a v e f v e e s s e e n g a g e d t h e s e ce , H e t r u se d nd.W VXM~,Twsed to askwei the paeEo infaresautof^ thate bcemain wonurld fulfig d aldg theta, tandirttne suemereof the meisevrep would he plac on e athisfAco fooing, anyie woueda noion tbe adone fb yoe dessels woLt fo,heSplrem Govetho ment or temA Cofmthaeri'ad{ ChoibefIren Inf yto theCnrt oflDieo,or to teet Govegdea plaen on the stations bewen ue and.Oeb Sydeym (Hev3ar,o xJmr. W VANITTA wishedn toos the Prvemesofdentopof the Board of control, He whed during the tEuroeao thoe from,heanSuprem rpxbe Govxtent orteCmandeere?n. 'nChefn Indape to th e Courte oDltor o Paleto Ith isesident in consequenoe o tho extension of the British territories i the East by the acqudtIion. of the Punjab, Pege. hat pore -Oude, Ss Itta , ,bexar, wad other distrch aihGeA ttatInla Coiopony by his flbghne the FizAm-,W Hydera,bd rf At, eoat was the date of- sqho reoommenas. tione fordepatcbinh, ,d'vat wasthae. ate zandtenour. o a el fore ofneuropeanso t de tie tho Oniaa ducinvg the period rsferredto ; and, If so, ments mbn veze serit?: .-' . Mr. V. SifToz-,Th hiomn gentiemn arid has puit-a ln quetbaon, whichI shouldv be veny orry. to Answer inacoqn-t rta,ly. There no official tconimihtheaton between t'he Governor-GenerL and th _President of the Board of CIn- t the u A DirTOraif the p lghhon. gentleman wtshes sehreddn of thoe BOPhof aContowl -1 Whtheey beleved i to teaep o includeba thoeer ¢ared ton thedthenuuln ain t toeravenfa auerater aorGerone ora stWoet I hould terecl aen himov to lay thpo.tohpedleo sucoh teptabelcto The Drector ho en pleoe diaComasen if a,ny sut h oe Itches revolt btheweelrhn au,dpzmdet of Hyehal inajoety's Gpl ment aenow ashe menhethet there Oisn anym Naviionaltion Cmpodny t r eo e tthis -- -irs oont tonompanic osk theo ludiiby way 4 of Cgp.H-ouirld,-dmi Whetther I nwa a5etioken placer atoa corresponderbleexthncc haswerd bee s etthoer-rea last nht Inprayhengl for the ureo the. GverrT.xgWierah t 2. Wo the thereus n as any Ozbectis non trIay mnste otale tal correstonente weoic inhadpaenplaer osipce-th-ommencerliment.o Ithsae&onf rto foowmrded eas to'c right hom. froendtet Firhst orhof the votreteenaTepritmh e of Her n ajeeatk ' froemn. enqt and the altepnbinslc anf Oiientsan theae iavlpgajztlonl Co panywie threfere tnce to thhe nv o o troop, toh office bae orfspon tete He-owoudade ithth the Gocrndor buestione hadbeeini to conetrable tnoruanswueredbalentt rnead leaust ntthe snameothmerplatce. uvmm obetion swi eotHoIhe sernote rstequestin Ih to haket statnmtha thit i ssn o th m intion to iu1d that memoriat nt'he peapers thGovbepresentedto rParlteiameintorIial mer o. Inat forwareit 'ny oIgh hont frithend the First c ore of taytrhet rsuI the right beon gentleman h knadonwt f Adhis eoneal, or tesa gov r of ecia oulonye shtowmuisa has uoi lswen e,bycauseawhe timwedtha th elievernIt d recesible, thetmemorial theyalore o keive a sany commnt an obsergateonwhichther 'toverntruGeneraimayI have ou makelf Ihavemnormed th atytI the oi%pnteneion o thmytnble.frienda Inia,ht that ietlemaycombeenthrough thesuy,althcuhanelofther Goersnor-Gvener Al the anesweertotyththesnquti, Iu gay flaywthatI the rightthon. gaeIntlyemnhad not askted pl qut estion,askastory whabetencrclthede to any addiioal imposidle, bupotwhossnevertaredthotaether usuAl ie& T hav aenmvdt pleaydithenalcorrespondeneonte wtothber oThe right upon. etlema baa been plenased to sy,athougheoiier peron hae node heas thesae rgethnebroney,tht wihe ws sailse tldwihte Tdeclaraitho maeri mybehal IoenaenotherIp4cc Bnut h no ask mate whetherthere s, any Ieel ''one obree-o soptodualeondene-pnthssbet-ithotheraAr co ranis. yeow hasftae n paediioaoorrespondenootkslcev wmllith othr o1r pabsupo thiaks subcecwt.hWthe Corega Dretorthendeninyua stobemde, beflcausetheL risghtoberneUgtwdtoshesow!ae ocutzest fcorsepneince taealc ihm nllnjy huit it ae lc wt hzCur fDrcor ne Sir J. PAKENGTON id, that ashe hadaskedthe qDrstion with an important pulc object he would folowIhe 8aggestion of the rlght bo. gentlem -an, move for the corresondence; incluaing the correspondence ith tho Fst & Directo a vUwihed to put one or iwo fuiither questions, but as oe bad neglected to kive notice the right hon. gentleman mlght posponei any answers to them if he thought fit. He ldwsiedt now whether it wras true tt Lord Stratrord de Redcliffe had telegraphed to the Government tht he had obtained a *irman from te2,nltn for the pge of troops throgbgh Egypt to Indla, and, if so, what notice had been takezt of the matter? HeOwithed also to know whether there was any objection to state the dates of those most fredly offers to which the noble lordat the head of the Govermuent had alluded on a foraer ocaasloX &ahaving been made by the Emperor of the Wrench, and also by the Pasha of E&Dpt to thesame effect for ozcarng troops through gypt, if thfe Government wshed to send thei by thst rout to India ? He wlshed further to ask Whet4;er Lord Elphinstone hat telegraphed from Bombay to the Governor-zGnersl at Qaeatta that, It It were thoughitdesiribll; he w4#prepardo to send ateamboats to auez in. order to meet any troops jent overland? (Hear, hear.) ?xr. V. S1tTH sald, it would be more convenient to defer giving answers to those quetions, as the principal p%tt of them referred to the Foreign-office, and It was .desirble to verlfy dates before stating them. (Hear.) Mr. WYSR wished to know whether he uuderstood the President of the Board of Cottrol eorrectly, sa having taia that the inhabitants of Calotta were precladed from snd. lgany memorial to Her Majesty wlthoutitspaig through the hands of the Governor-General of Indis Mfr. V. SMITH sad they were tot precluded, because they hsd actually done it, but it was the practic that thoey should not do it, and of that they had been Informed TEIE TURKISE MEDALS. Colonel NO'TPH asked the UndeSecreta for War when the Turkish mddal anl order oft he Medjidle,would be distributdatothoseoffleersad mn of the army who 'wer enttledto tem? e hoed hat h ould nzot ba. thoghtto e tkin uptim Imroprlywheni he reminded ths EMoose that nearly two years had elapseinoe the wa-s ceased, and not a siingle medal had beern distributed. Sir J. IlAMSDEl agared thbeon. And g0lantgentlemma that there had been no remissne on the part of the Governaent. There had been repeated communications betweent this country and Corastntinopie, and withain the last fewday a esptc ha ben rceiedfrom Lora.Strattotd de Iledoliffe, tating,dwith regard to the Med3jldie medals, that the delararose merely fr9m thetime necessary for te SutnIs jewellers to prepars so large ab number. There was no alluion to the Torkishk mda>, bt heapesumed the wrould be sent at the sme time. Colonel. MOTRA asked wrhether nt was true tht thie muedals Wa been In the pessewlo of our AMMWbudo toseta ceo er, H Dot fcrerlyt6.r..? ''[r '.RAY.SPE Wus not in., pcellon to sa awt quesI. He WAs 22t AWAZre hethprthi w t aesalofArbassador. voi Api Siv J. PAXIGTON askd -Whthe the hgetnanm vwas ble to state to what elai of offs the Mea wo Mr, . .i said,PO - Tul* maw .gWitW;h*beleVed, on,these iseal, to all theofcs aducrssn ag the driffie, ofT the Broo t the s,rv.a toth whetherf thueruen of r to te rW tere r,intd r in ouldtino bthe aio Ithe orders different officers who would be enqtofe theus diefuae Iii fthdo omm veotys i IAn&Eed mee tliey;=odudpope sia fo ~~~~~it u e S t eirc e U 4 tnoE COr uedle Atked ytheecretaer y o zIhete HinADLslunoe1o-ther eienlorethmoti&- Nth=o t cib VWWWd lionabili oceBr ff som 1ntte.eapontekd "iqd r ito sbte queentl ob teonuerlast sessou ery aesty's oe t intendet. nxecomnld tamtrs aHea Cmisinb a ptepoed,tbjA. vh atnad: oirrpedgige by,of it e Totto CPthZ m ontb the oi*ee lt mhiata-te k on thorem:blig ofathentafter joint-stoci eLmk, tcm to e eomrailuee Wa ponule trigo,ne ln hgdoe of ^nea $ltiLr, her col blatforw doub tua 1f49y,hS-uchanevrt, hbfl to6nVugh itr3h tbhoznini wual dhe eeoedifat of ntdnderve ther report, *e)t r*ha C if in the o tonde. or "tersal oett qVi1go foul be dmplifying ut 1en4UtcMhirah laws reain g to do 1U cuoust andas forconaodil1date and aniubendingseeral ouzon rrat tbirnhes of thes uitia lmat frwa colthe e benr toe thrastmas thenton tcelL b f tub a ot so GEt gteamshALt sahid thesey Bills weffe chnot be PntrOdere ntOilateY the wbond of joint-stof unk whe nt ALA, in inbers bfoprer the Ioue aDn moW - ~lhrespectl ort@ovanl the unlinte JiaWit thaehoj n xtly.rkietd itmanoint-stoo k babs, saaas oteeL _th l whcnsIderations but b theseiou obnject ofpeentring grear pdusoe of 147 wheIchmmasde'tre which,ed bya Peddnm preto an tohe r et bof the detovens of the most l tonetahe crisis, that thes principhe ocu rrted. - n i "falsfe frdtwollhi8ek gret sockfed itndaconilabjlty deoan -seon dr a the BchifeAnladfo sacunts roE diteos-to oe olttor bak awympos sofav4 theeircuuithne slaof aath iveonal eoriss, Hank ha ser fe teb moowhchhebad bygth bo ieand z2ak4 adnlrnjcheflcngod thastsuh otion ate thitmeyws thate a prifgAa te meorbert atrci*atntionth a zseRtoimiond raubec except ngat nosntl the epr wkte'emntr,whe the publi. oxmna asfLl roThed inrlaedpotoi b oon,g theat nerid s of p getentrae whnteaef4 marke(Lth,msaaed joint-stock banks adta ed g tod nterpriTed hih prouh theyhre oatmbyte ofaEnlanrdit whc aete it,silrmienaon.- ditlonto an avethrw yhia yposo atteinpzt wr tae ee~rak obon0idbe marke, an thu thepwon slacesd bn tuhe aerAin xysat. it ws net toa materof certaintystit wh en abtleod crisi, Invlsiaall the cepitls wfchthe: euoun hding just en nce.qTe nflotbed cawfediitewhich aLbeen creaed b themsnofsgmortgagingthe jitsokban collased, he jintstoc barhnkso temsle wr un In te reent-'leterofwh over noet teBn withougt aeno atem t t rpl ihthm obn done ltaat,o andi 1wor nohetriislesse, nda st oint-stok bwask pobsesefrmts'rynuea tion enormous efum were t ai intotcfesi th~ hapeof clls ponthaes;b cdthmoesytn To draw o itel aan the capte wofuldsnw~ ithdtis e furtherppowe ofs morehagnglte reas n e nalrderte the exsiglawt fathidg onofetey, andwof itsoshe.g -the worie na their fortunoes r othmoneoy tmighet be thateto ra as lge a m o ago i bl eet .pln wa rte,ho verat. ofniahtewkpeultown thentcIus 5Itetelittlce doubnr"the oun ofscandidul worvleds besthecntsequene tllaof hir-. sfocly.bauc was abeve ftokeepuph itmgits beado an iheviduouareoul, and tou borro emoney r the naeoantoneal dhichst ~eero - utIfI pledging the credtyrof itsos abPeo ~sot th0s orm in-SupWose tha te suha aret holer na nt-stoctki hankser tono do indihiduallyetbat which theyw peresenabed culdeth edosing plawdgingd sepantely ahed wretopledtgao-r thenwoeo their fortundesd 'ythe bond ofma~ jintosderofa newhspecul aain thbere a t could h sltledut tha 'ihoe recineof sucr indipdal woud e the fconsequhich eofthifolelyrasedobhan event-sftaltogkI baght epbLe tthe findds hedar.) woheldtte of coure dnotdeserve thenm ofa natiofnal 400d or6 were tovpernmen ths uchmphacarer,tea:o obti wo uldtbefadminttwedethatthat hc wshockmof redtiv aund oucuoquein oene ndiondthl minght wEngL becomea soubjetsofoso. 0DB onternailure ofshe ie I howvr,owhih Btx hese preonr wheoonthey U were uagZ'Nited by the bond ofoakoint-suoc bakhl T-was imosbeta hy ol pn on IIe had no reason to suppose that the p'ractice of redfacoanting which bad elearly prevailed at the Liverpool Borongh BAnk had not also been acted upon by the other joint-etock bant3whichbadfailed; and Indeed,informer7earshenew that it had prevailed In such, bankL. Theyrofit of a bank iaL the case of the rediscount of bills consisted of oourse. in the difference between the rate charged by the bank in the fir. instancei and the rate at 'bich it procured the bills to be rediscounted in the money-market, and therefore the higher the rate of discount charged by the bank to its customer the higher the profit, The consquenoe was that the bank had adirect interest in discounting bllls of a apeculatlee character on which a high. rate of discount oould be charged, the hank tself procuring the redisocount of the bill atr lower rate onto tf o£ the liabiity of the sbareholdersrwhose names it put on the back of the bill What was tbat but selling in the moneymarket from time to time the ecurity of its shareholders ? (Bear, hear.) The Liverpool Borough Bauk was at the petiod of Its speuslon larely indebted In thAt way in the money-market; and he was sure that the House mnustgree with him that a bank which was so circumtaxnced was in a thoroughly falsepeostlon. It was the duty of abak'which; received deposits to bave a oonsiderable reserve at all tlmes available in order to meet any extraordiasay demands wphich might be made ltpon it; and a bank which had not such a reserve ws constantly liable to have it5 advances stopped, when the only couree for It te pursue would be to manped its operations He n 3lisht adsd that it was within htis own knowledge that the joint-stock banks in London were zot In that position; that they were not largely indebted in the money- tionZ which, 'however, pratically, ther did not make use ot, Lecaus tbanks ahich hade a largepad u cadltal and a large reserve posessed within themaelv^toClemt"nra, ` -O ` l 'T woru nov caiea. upon to pledge in tha moeymairtthat peruiclr kmnd of euiftyAtohchh aid referred. (Hear, hear.> He had tated that the diffestrid&ww ch arome in ,h. lAod of a inOUcider greatlye cedb the failSUe of jolatstock bas. Ifanr tonfirinAtiOfl Of thug 'vcW Were required, he Might refer at~- wice to the Speech of H:r je e delvered at the openg et the se.sdon, In which the Ufure of 11asock bju was stated 'a the first aggravating ca"se of the, ptesent orsis. Re might appeal to the ' vent ot 1847,. when agaln the aire of joizssio* bAkz r-v moedmot iatezolly tofe ciro tantO of the pulo.i Orhemighthrefer topthedspeec wM iu Sire zlzt ii 1844, introduced hsis Bill for theReVUtIon of theer_ reol when the right hon. baropnet staed that one of thetbnswhich ha 'wished, to, gmead torst tha r m w ate failure of int tofbk. thos. ohjectwhich te, Actbe whatever mtght beits other its la u ceut tdnly hAd failed t4S AcoMpI . '(H r,bear.) He would now Proned to rtato some of the r1easons why he tUough that the principle of Unlimited liability tended diretly t, render the mismanagement of nt-stock banks not only posalbe, but?,rob1be. It would be found h~yreference to. the history oh these cases that whec gs,geat aulue 'cstrred In the otse of a joint-,stmk banks It almoet insiably arose from, the paid-up, capil iu. the first instalce being wasted and~ squandered ; and he was sorry. to- add -thit. ti es .wtre the puia-up capita bAd been io. wteds it- was generAlly attribut-able to mnismuAnge ineut,--amounting to di etbing worse than a merm, terror in judgment on the of those who' ad orWgnate the bankin questlon. W' Is bank lost its a-up capital, .*e lw, if iltwere good and sotrd, -hld - ther oo Epoljt to bewound up ataonce the shareholders submitting to~ the, compaativel sUleoswhichthey badalretdy lcured or. It should renaer it Incumbent uponL them, it they chog te, c-arry on, to r6place the capital which. had he,n-loet, to'slter. the form of Managment, and to place the Etihblishmnent, ever, the operation of the existIng zlaw a the paiad'p capita was lost it wigp e~leaj to cntinuei its career of mismnaf met It d obtain unbounded crdit in the in be continue its busines for yeas, aItho uh bo fronr tho fast alumot a imatter of inah~fiuemih sand, oWiag to -the credit -whith itotandhru t unliite-d liability of Its shaveboldes am w-it ab to toutinue its downward ceareer over a 1eniieaa4 When it. capita was thus beat It **x almoslt a nt o certintytha It ustgo o foryeas wose n( os e caubibwAscopefed o p lrgedl,idedsin *rto
SZCTION ZrTALLWGECE. rARWflT The nomtIon for this borough took plao yterday. Mr. W. XALtoROuGn nominated Mr. Barw if. J. VAUX, ex-Mayor, econded Ihe no tion Mr. S. HEELTnt proposed Mr. Areedeekne, Mr. G. B. WAiGHTs seoonhdeheanomiuation. lb,. BAGSHIW, saferp ghlghirlbute to the mnemory and services of the late M Warbuon, the former member for the borough, state that if he wa returned he xhould.impport what was usualiy kno'mxas the Independent liberal party. He wan rom oonvlotion in fkvouir of an Ilteration and enlargement of the francbise for the present errangements Involved most absard conuL!ctlons. He belleved that the extensionof the francise must not wholly be regulated by property quallficatlons but by the amount of intelligence which the eountry enjoyed. With the extension of the suffage he also believd that it would be for the Interest of the county that the ballot should be Introduced to protect the independent Toter In the exercise of the fnchise. Upon the Indian question he might venture to s that as he had pied the beat part of his life n India his experience was not surpassed by any man who bad returned from thxt country. This, Ih thought, would render him a usefl member in assisting in the solution of those diffioult and abstruse questions which must come befere the Houe of Commons. Hi pursuitS in India had been of a oommercial rhxcter. Slnoehis return from the EA he had been imialy occupied in London; and he beleved that at the present moment, when com. merial distress was spreadlng in all quarterx, It was moat important that gentlemun should be sent to the House of Commons who were capable of dealing with the abbtrse questions which must come before that aembly. The cause of civll and religious libert was ve der to his heat. and he had for many Yes been a stanch advocAte for the removal of that obs.oxious te,chunlx.~ i im and desr u a membr of the Chuch of Faeand had been to enlarge the boundaris of that church, and, if pos&lble, to bring the people of tibs country to one way of thbinIng upon 2rotestant subjects. r. ANCXDCEx obsenred that he had come down to the borouh on seeing tbe announcement of the lamenlted death of Major W ar in In thceo nwpaes, thinking that "1he would "ea if he could not hv al trn. (Laughter.) He had always come down to the annWal regatta held in the fine harbour of Harwich, and he took his stand on the wooden walls of Old England; Mr. Bag shw on bricks and mortAr. (Langter.) I he wsM elected he should hold himself perfectly vnfettered. The MAYOR then caled for a show of hands. The numbers were nearly baanced, but his Worship declared the result to be in favour of Mr. Bagshaw. Mr. W.&rIGTs and Wr. PA' N having demanded a pol on behalf of Mr. Arcedeckne The lLYon appointed it to commence at 8 o'clock tomorrow (tbls day).
THE LI Tz AN T - COL,02xh RmYxz, 27th REQDiT.-We regret to find In the list of rictime in the Indian war the name of Ileutenant-Colonel Kyle oomnmanding the 27th Enniskillena. This distlng=isheA officer bad enred for some years in Australi; subsequently, while in the 45th Begiment, he obWined grea credit for hs gallant conduct In the Cafire war, his nxame having been frequently brought forward prominently in the despatches and genracnl orders, for whi cA he obt~med a Brevet Lien. tenantuColoneloy and a medal, finally closng caeer of geat promfie by that devotion to tho cu of duty 'which had tbrough life been his governing principle and which very shortly befose his lamenthddeath had called forth the marked thands of the chief officercommandin at PeSHawor. The following ie an extrac from a letter received from an offioer Of the 27th :-" As our commanding officer, from hisahllity, exporience,andknowrledgeof biaprofeselon, he earned in a pro-eminent degree the entire confldenoe of every pifcer and man in thke regiment; and 5a a companion and brother officer, owing to h i aible dispotion, hi unwearied exertions to promote the happi nees and comfort of all around him, h won the love and eteem of every one who had the privilege of his acquaintance, sad it has rarely been the fortune of one In his position to have so completely succeeaed in gaining the affections of every member-of his oorDs as he did. Be died from fever and dysentery, engendered by the fatigue and exposure the regiment has been subjected to In marching, &c., in this fearflly hot weather since the 15th of May; he was fr quently ed to go to the hills for change but such was his aevotion and sense of duty as a soldler in iteme tring times that he deemed al -eersonal consideationasseoondary tothe interests of bis regiment and his country, and to those fine feelingste bec me a sacrifie." THE SMnn=LD OLwOB OArnE SHOW.-Yehbcrfay the dense Log 'ith which the netropoliswasenveloped had the offect0of.iminibingto a peat xtent boxumbeor of ptrzona who usaly'int the show of the Smithfield Cattle Cl8eb on its =first"day o2 opening. The salesf the prize cattle were, during h early pr of the day, exceedan slow,.bnttowsdiattoarnoocLhey became mnore br_gky -an it is stated that theanimal which obtained the arz gold medaal as the beat spcie in -any or the~ c w?rag IQl to Messrs. G.-and 0. Dvis,of the N~vow~l.akt atan enormous price. The Dulaot Iiebmoni's gold medal Pxizein the Soutbdowns, and Lord Berner's god medal prie n te ongooledLeeoserbred,were sol early iat the ay.Thefolowig ae te nmesof the Judesa.:-Of
LeONDON, WEDNESDAY, DXCEMBqE ., 1857. In the House of Lords last night, After explanations between iLrd Dn&By and Lord GuAwvmLs, Lord G=fvrmls moved an addrea in anwer to H MsmTy's Message, recommending the grant of a pension of 1,O00I. a-year to Sir H.zxy H40v1;wc. After some observations from Lord DEBBy, who, without disparaging the zervices of General HAvEiocx, called the attention of the House to the way in which Colonel IwoLs had fulfiled his duties as commandant of Lucknow, the address was agreed to unanimously. Lord. SArrsnijy, when the order of the day for the seccmd reading of the Beligious Worship Act i Amendnit Billkad been read, after stiting that he did not intend to press the second reading on that oocasion, explainod the object of thie memsure as affecting the rights of Incumbents to prohibit Church of England services in their prshea Tnte servces in Exeter-hall lastsummer were ntendedto meet the wants of a large portion of the conimunity which was virtually excluded from public worship; they had been eminently successful, and had produced a deep effect on the minds of the -working c;lse; but they werenowat an end in consequence of the prohibition of the ineumbent, though they had been sanctioned by the Bishop of Lamono.D Inhiaownmindhe had strongdoubts of the legalityof the step tal;en by the incumbent,bnt, asuming that it was legal, he had felt it to be hic dutyto introdulce this measure, and thus reecue the Church of England from a disability under which she at present lehboured. Lord SHAFTF.EmUY concluded by saying that he was willing to postpone the Bill for atime on acoount of the representations which hd boen made to himhat the bench of Bishops were opposed to it; he therefore begged leVe to mere tilat the BiU be read a second time on the 8th of February xext. Lord D1BBY expressed his satisfctin that the Bill wasto be postponed. lIewasnot competent to sEay whether the Exeter-ball services had done good or not, but he was avers to legilation on this par. ticular case* involving, an It did, an altertion iithe whole parochial system. As the Bill was tobe poAponedto a fixed day, he hoped there would be no premature diseussion of its principle on the pre sent occusion. The Bishop of ST. DA)s was one of those who deprecated the undue hate with which thls measure. had been premed forward. He concurred with a good deal of wbat had fallen from Lord SHzmxsnin, but he doubted whether the success of the Exeter-hall ervicec had been so great as was' =taed, and whetherthe working cloes did attend in'such numbers as was supposed. With regard to the present measure, he sympathized heartily with the effort to extend the influence of the Church among the working classs, but he hoped this object raight be effected without any imporant innovation on the parochial system. The Bihop of LoioDoN ad no charge to make again2st the incumbent who bad prohibited the, Exeter-haU servicef. Fe haa no doubt acted conacientiously, but at the same time, as he, the Bihop of IoxnDoz, believed, without the exercise of A round discretion. Bhe right rev. Prelate then entered Into an explanation a to the sup, bosed opposition of the bench of Bishop. to the Bill, and went on to expres hi satisfaetion that there were to be services in the rave of Weatn r Abbey; but even Ewhen WeiminterAbbei ind St.' :PuPr were. thrown:open there WDould still bie of further church' aceommodation, and he: loped that the right of the Church of England t6have services in other places would be recognized. He could not believe that it was ever the intention of the law to give an incumbent a monopoly which Fsould stand in the wayof the teaching of the Gospel The Bishop of Rrroas, having preached at one of these special services, was anxious to testify that the congregation wras mainy composed of the worling Lord O.am= believed the power proposed to be given to the Bishop might be safely granted, and that it would be exercised mnost beneficially for the church and the people. {ord P.mru expresod his regret that these Exeter-hal cervices had beenon pended. Hehad been present on several occasions In different r of the ball, and he found himelf surrounded by operatives and mechanics distnguishable by their drees and by every sgn by which the position of men can be know. He could also distinguish the effect of theee services in the attention paid and the evident piety of the congregation. He could not help remarking also that a vast proportion of those present were men. As a sincere friend of the ChurchofEngland, he desired nothing more tn to see such congregations as those whlch asembled in Exeter.hall last summer assembled in Westminster Abbey. After some explanations from rlor SuArrxuav, the second reading of the Bil was postponed until the 8th of February. Lord PsNxmz replied to a quesion put by Lord HARDwIoxi as to the transport of troops to India, and the Duke of Cinainino expreased his cordial concurenoe in the vote to which the House had come with regard to Sir H. Hikvrooes pension. Some other busines wax then despatched, and their Lordahips adjourned. In the House of Commons, in replyto Sir . PAxNGTON, Mr. V. Smm stated that it was not intended to include in the papers on Indian affairs, promisd in HIm MAJRSTY's Speech, a memorial from Calcutta praying for the recall of the GovxRwoR-GkNRA1, that memorial not having been transmitted through the usual channeL In replying to another question relating to correspondence between the Government and the Peninsular and Oriental Steam lavlption Company with reference to the conveyance of troops to Inda by wy of Egypt, lYr. SMrr adverted to a story circulated, he ai, by a p who acknowledgedit tobe improbabl.eet didnot takethusual pains to ascertain whether it was true or not. MIr. TtaDL&m moved a resolution, "That the unlimited liability of shareholders in jolit.stock banks gives rise to a species of cwedit Injurious to the interests of the public; and that the present law enforcing the adoption of this principle requires alteration." bringing forward this motion, he sad he was not influenced by any slight consideratict, but by a rooted convktion, whick he1Ad long entertained, and which was confirmed by-recent events, that the principle of the unlimited llibility of shareholders operated ae the moving cause of the mismanagement of jointstock banks and precipitated and aggravated a national crisi. He explained the purcular mode Eu whichjoint-stock banks were able to produce the effects he attributed to them through theunbounded credit they obtained by pledging the property of their shareholders, and the enormous evils which resulted from their mismanagement. He illustrated his argument by reference to the case of the Liverpool Borough Bank, and observed that it was found, whenever a great failure of one of these banks took place, that it arose from the paidup capital having been wasted and squandered through miamanagemept, though it stMIl continued to obtain credit in the money-market, owing to the unlimited liability of its shareholders In support of the principle of limited liability applied to Joint-stock banks he appealed to the recorded opinions of Lord LivzPanoor,, Ar. HusnassoN, and Lord iCowR, and to the experience of foreign countries; au d he asked the souse, which had deiden favour of limited liability in partnlerships in general, to ply the same principle to jointstock banks. Mr. Cow.q opposed the motion. HEo had been always opposed, he said, to limiting the liability of banks, and he wras unconvinced by the speech of Mr. Hxn,sr who bad mistaken the cause of the evils he had mentioned, which had reulted from a system of gross mismanagement, breaches of trast, and practices which should be made indictable offenece Mr. CoLum said, ifthe resolution had beoen based upon the principle of non-interference, leaving parties to do as they pleased, he sbould support It; but, as it pledged the House to the condemnation of unlimited liability, he was compelled to vote against it. Mr. EWsnr and Mr. Wvn shortly supported the resolution, wlhich was opposed by Mr. L . I Mr. WEG-usz remarked that there was a distinotion between partnership concerns that traded with their own money, and banks trading withthe money of others. To limit the liability of banks would be to limit their credit, which was their sole capitaaL Ro opposed the motion. The CuAxcruosn of the ExcBQxWssaid, he concurred in the objection of Mr. CoxInB to the form of the resolution, and protested against being bound down to a formula that the unlimited liabiIty of joint-stock banks was injurious to the interest. of the public, the inference being that it should be prohibited. Thee banks had two functions-onethe issue of notes, another the receipt of deposits; and there was a distinction in respect to liability beween these two functions. When a country bank issued notes, although they were not a legal tender, they did practicilly dischare the function of money, therefore the notes of a country bank circulated upon the credit of that bank, and it would not be just to deprive the holders of the security of unlimited liability, which was not, in that case, injurious to the interests of the public. The- whole question would, however, fall within the scope of the inquiry of the dommittee the reappointment of which he should proposeonFiday,-and he was under the necessity of op ing the motion. 3f. ' MATfS was of opinion 'that Parliament should not stop short in the application of the principle of limited iability, which should be applied to banking as Well as to other branches of trade. Mr. Hain-xt moved,' by way of amendment, the following resolution:-" That the present law, enforcing the unlimited liability of shareholders in joint-stock banks, requires alteration." After a short reply by Mr. En.Anua the original motion was megatived, and upon a division- Mr. H x's resolution was likewise negatived by 118 to 4Z. The resolution of the Select Committee on the Beverley Election Petition, on the 3d of AuguAs having beei read, on, the motion of Mr. J. A. Smith, it was resolved that Mr. Attorney-Gmneral be directed to prosecute Edward Auch-nuty Glover, EBg., in respectof the declarations made and signed by him,;'under the Act' 1st and-2d. of Victorisa cap. 48; and that the proper-fficers of this House, and the shorthand writer atending this House, hrva leave to attend and give evidenc, and to produ,c, such papers ana documents as may be required on the trial of the said Edward Auchmuty GloTer, FAq. Colonel Funmw moved that Mr. SrzAun do isue his warrant for the eleting a aghtof the r}hire for the county of Mayo, intheroom of GzouGz ElHr,Moon*, Esq., whoe election bIa ben deter,ined to bevoid, The motion, after some opposition on the prt of Colonel Norm, was agreed to. The House having reolveditelf into a committee on the Message fom RYR M rl r respecting Sir Hnxny HAmvkkO%, Lord PSBSTON, after p n atribute to the distnguished services of the gallant officer, and a pasing eulogiumn upon the metits of othermembers of both the services in Tndis, moved a resolution ting SikHwY H&zLovanannuity of 4sOOO. dmuring Ux natur life. The motion wax warmly weonded by Sir J. :hf. Brscon suggsed that the annuity should be oontinued to the next auccesor tothe title. After some remarks by Admiral WYA-orr, Sir E ConnnworoR MIir. J. Wnrrn and Mr. CxsoesLy, wlii thought the anount of the annuity too sm1l, t he resolution was agreed .to. - - Tn a Com:nittoe of-Supplyitwas resolred that A mupplyr be granted to EXBM .nr The House then went Into opmoitteeupon the Bank Issues Inaemnity Bill. -r. MrAnTs moved the omision -from the ond clause of the proviso, tlat if, before the exiration of 28 days aft4r.the-meeting Df Paiament mn 185 the Bank give public otiqe that they- have reduoed the minimum rate of interes below 10 percent., the suppresson of the limit shal oese. The OHAxcm.nr of the ExBCnQtrr objected, expaming the ground upon whch the proviso ws mtroducod into the BILl The amendment wax negatived upon a division, and the clauses of the Bill were agreed to, after diseu sion. The Hrouse adjourned at a few miautes before 10 o'clock.
It is one of the most mounful circumsAnce connected 'with the Indian Mutmy that so many brave chiefs have been called to receive the reward of their courage and patriotlsm elsewhere before time was glvon to their countzymen to mark the sense of the eminent servies -which they had rendered to the British name. 'What can we now do which will give satisfaction or ada dignity to M=nY ILWIYWOE, to NZILL, to NxICnO9o02, to Wurnag, to B DAn:, to B^'xs, and to the many wl1heeadandfearlewhearts which have maintained the British dominion in the Fiat in the face of difficulties probably unparalleled in the history of our race To their rest they have gone, and we can do nothing more for them now than to record their great deeds, and hold them out as examples to our latest posterity. The debt of gratitude, however, which we cannot pay to the dead otherwise than by our reverence and admiration we may in some measure acquit to the survivors. Even at the present stage of the contest all are not gone. We should not, however, forget that each succeeding mail may bring us the intelligence that another, and yet another, has been snatched away, even before we have had time to fir upon the precime form in which our gratitude thould be expresed, There are no two opinions in England as to the propriety of showing our gratitude to the distiaguislhed men who have survived in this dire contest in the form which, as we may suppose, will prove most acceptable to themselves; the only question is as to how the thing shall be done most quickly in accordance with official and Parlimnentary routine. Lat night this subject was brought under the attention of the two House of Parliament in the form of a meuage from the CRowN. The Qu s advisers have recommended that a pension of 1,0001. a-year for his life shall be conferred upon General H&vELocx, and lat night the asent of the Peers to this resolution was formally demanded by Lord GsuRA-vmx, and that of the Commons by Lord PAIRSTaor, and we need scarcely say cheerfully conceded without a dissenting voice. General HE&vzaooes services, indeed, independently of his recent and most brilliant achievements, have been of a most striking character. There is wcarcely an officer, if, indeed, there be one, who has had so extensive an experienoo of Indian service. Forty years have passe over Sir HL H.&vimocxs head, and he has remained constant to his c3lours amid all the trials of Indian warfare and of military life in Indis, even when war was not actually afoot. During this long period, which embraces many a hard-fought contest, scarce a gun has been fired upon Indian soil but Sir H. -HAvYOcr, has been there. He is no carpet-knight-no nurseling of the English Brahmins-fostered into notoriety by official favour or high connexions. From the first Burmese war to the xiege of Lucknow, he has carved his way to honour and distinction with his sword. So entirely destitute, indeed, was he of all means of obtaining promotion, save by personal merit, that for by far the greater proportion of his long career he remained in the humble station of a subaltern officer, and probably but for recent events he might have passed to his grave without any recognition of his extraordinary capacit for military command. Scarcely had Sir H. HMvRnoc returned from the Pereian expedition, in which he had served as Chief of the Staff to General OurAz;, when the Indian Mutiny broke out. The events are so fresh In the recollection of the public that we need not dwell here upon the wonderful march from Allahabad to C-awnpore which was sucoessfully effected by Sir IL H&vzLoc and his slender force of disews-stricken men. Four times under the burning un of India, their frames debilitated by fever and cholera, did these unconquerable men totter into action with the enemy, and four times they came out victorious from the contest. It was no fault of theirs that theyfailed to relieve the poor victims at Cawnpore, for their arrival was accepted by the wretches who held our countrymen and countrywomen captive s the signal for that horrid butchery vhich will never be eraed from the recoUection of any Englishman of the present generation. But it H.vxaovcr and his brave companions in arms were not in time to save these unfortunate persons they were able at least in some measure to avenge their wrongs. A more imperious duty, however, than that of exterminating the monsters who had so foully tortured ouir pcor country-people to death awaited Sir H. H^Avi,ocx as soon as he had established himself at Cawnpore. could Luclnow be relieved? Sir H. TLAwnECE and his companions were fighting for their lives, and it was very doubtful if they coumd hold out, surrounded as they were on all aides by bauds of furious mutineers, who outnumbered them in the proportion of 30 or 40 to 1. The attempt to force a passage through a country in the posesinon of so active and so superior an enemy mnight have caused a man les daring in his conceptions or military duty to hesitate; his own force was feeble: with disease and shattered by contiinuous, combat, but he reaolved to make the attempt. He crossed the Ganges in the execution of his-purpose, and fought, as an incident in has march, two battles in one day, gaining thus two victories. So encumbered was he, however, with his sick and wounded men that I he was obliged'to turn back to Cawnpore to await frea reiniforcements. These were soon brought to him by General OuTaar, who nobly denuded himself of the chief command, to which he -was tintitled alike by his rank and the eminent services by which he had won it, and volunteered to serve under the directions of his late subordinate offieer. At the head of About 3,000 men, the GenerAIS-HAvo being |the chief, as described-made their second Ad- vance, adu, having forced the position of the enemy, actually reached the walk of They arrived not a moment too ascn for-the next 24 hours Would probably have docJo the fate of the garison, as the mutileerg had advanced their mines to a point Which inud ahortly have proved fatal to the bexleged,i I Luclmow Sir IL I±vztoc remained;- aceording to thelastaavioes, d if that town is saved the merit will be principally due to him and to hix brave companions in arms. The spake -in either House vied with each other- wela they might-in their etlogiumx 'uP= the officer who had peformea sueh gd and the Toice of thae public out of doo will ratify their applauxe In the eae of SirH. Uvn!LOc and hs gllant brethren We need have no fear that a few months and better infoMtion 'Will dispel the dream of their heromn, and make us iih that 'we hd boen mora chary of our rewards and more cautious in our selection.
The principles unimouly affrmed in the House of lords on Monasy evenig with repct to our future gvetnnt of India will appror8 themelves to allr eaaonable m,inas. Iti iplainli matter of imperative neceity that mutiny and .umrder msould receive their due meed of punish. ment. Justico and wisdom aike cll for Anpariig retribution. The blood of the dead lie at ou doors; nor wl there, unles it is avenged, remain any secrity for the living, On the other hand, it is equaBly trae that we di,dsru cnimit both a crime and a blunder in retaiw*g without discrimination upon the natives of Lx when the authority of the Government ha been - stored. Punishment itelf would be shorn of half its terrors if it were diuociated from law, nor could the guilt of mutiny be effectunally stigmatized if guilt and innocenoe were confoundod together. But, after justice has bee satisfied and order hag been re-established, there will still remain much to be determined in the relations of the governing andI the governed raoes in India; and it will require all the firmness and policy of a reformed adminis. tration to adjust these relation, compliated as they will be by the events of the rebellion. Two, mrked and intelligible lines of policy may be described as embracig eitber in themselve or in the meamures lying between them all the courses which it is competent for a Government of India, to adopt. One of these, as fairly delineated by Lord EummopouGn, ix based on the broad principle of recognizing in the English race an iuhere't and material superiority, derived at once from the rghts of conquest and the ascendancy of blood. "Our poeition," esia his Lordship, " in udia is "like that of the Normnn in Saxon England," and he proceeded to argae that we ought always to be prepared for maintining this position by forea of arms. The other theory, which has not foundi much overt support in this country, but which has been recently illutrated in the actual adtinistration of India, consiss in absolutely igaorng the distinction between British and Hindoos, and. reducing both races to a level in the eyes of t1heir common rulers-the civil servants of the Compny. As usual in such cases, the true policy may pobably be found betweet the two extremes, but we are decidedly of opinion that it lies much newrer Lord ELn%-BonouGn's doetrines than those of his antagonists. It ls alnost superfluous to remark that our very first duty after the suppresion of this monstrous mutiny will consist in establishing between our Hindoo subjects and their rulers that mutual confidence and kindlines of feeLing without whichf as Lord ELuBorouoGH and Lord GuaY concurred in observing, the government of India can never be carried on. We cannot hold Indi against the .genera feeling of the oountry. As a militwy achievement, indeed, the occupation might not exceed our power, but if an enemy lurked under every warthy sIdn. end every man in a population of 180,000,000 regarded us with sentiments of hostility and hate, it might, indeed, be questioned whether our power under such a tenure would be worth retaining. Among all the expressiones of opinion which this rebellion has elicited, non.e has been more marked than the avowal that we hold India for India's benefit. It is this conviction of our mision, this firm belief that wo have been intrusted with the authority of conquerors for purposes of good, which has united all classes-even those most pacifically disposed-ia the support of the war, and in a resolute determination to prevent the dreadful anarcby which would be the infallible consequence of our departure from Hindostan. We Btand bound, by the position in which PtoviDOENnz has placed us, not only to govern and protect, but to tech, to civilize, and to improve; and these obligations it will be imposible to discharge if a deadly antagonism is permitted to exist between ourselves as rulers and the natives as our subjects. Lord ElBoROnounG?s theory of a Norman-like asendaney is, it must be confessed, almost irreconcilable with this view of our duties, and, perhaps, not very well calculated to facilitate even our political administration. The Normans werm purely and simply conquerors, and as such governed their legislation and their conduct by theLown interests alone. They ejected Saxon landholders from their property, reduced Saxon peasnats, at least in the early period of the conquest, to the condition of alavery, and. directed their policy to the represion of a conquered and indignant population by sheer force. In reality, however, the parall could be scarcely carried out, for the relation of Saxons to Normans did not resemble in any point except that of immediate subjection the relation of Hindoog to English. Still, we can distingui Lord REmNnoROvGH's general idea in the comparison, -which is, that a definite and recognized political superiority should attach to the English in India, and that the obligation of maintaining these prerogativea by arms against any challenge should be recognized also. The exoeptiox we take to such a view is, that even the docility and subservience apparently inseparabl% frora the genuine Hindoo character could hardly be proof against an obtrusive expression of aswendancy. We need not for ever be shaking our bayonets in the faces of the natives, nor can pride, arroganc, and exclusiveness be looked upon as qualities likly to conciliate those popular affections with which even in our own interests we cannot afford ta dis pense. At the same time, however, that we makt hese admissions we must enter our uncomproxiising protest against the principle recently adopt by the Government of India in placing Engli&6meu, as well as natives, on the same footing in the- eyes of a xelect few of the former race appropriating alj superiority to themselves. In no one point of view do we consider this principle defensible. It is unjust to Englishmen, who, whether in the service of the Company or independent of it, do manifedly possess both rights and qualities entiling them to political prerogatives; and it is impolitic as regards our own tenure of power, for, if the Hindoo is to be iinpressed with the superiority of our aera, w to repre^tatAives of this race, whet3ier "covenanteA or otherwise, can be abased in his eyes without the degradation of all. What arewe told by all -iuthorities of the disposition of Rindoe ? we lonfro everyquarter that the natives'of India,like most Asiatics, have not the least on eptio indq?en. -derce, thatthey equire tothegovenedhyomecu or other, and onlya4k tobe governed'well. Perhapa we suoeedcd by a sStem of pNpOaterou =
The new clause-as it may be called-in the Religious Worhip Act seems likely to excite aome opposition, and has been postponed until the more regular Session, which it is supposed wiU have commenced by the 8th of February, the day to which the second reading has been deferred. With respect to last night's debate, it is, -of course, always easy, as some speakers showed, to talk against introducing a new principle. That is the received phraseology of opposition to all proponed changes, great or emall. Firt the thing proposed to be done is called "1 new," and, secondly, even if it Is the simplest matter of practical detail in the world, it is invariably and perpetually called a " prin" ciple." Having thus chrlstened it a "principle," and a " new principle," you are in immediate poxewsion of a whole field of argument, such as it is; you have the use of a whole stock of lauguage, for all the arguments that have ever been used to prove that old things are better than new, and that change is dangerous, and that things are better as they are, are forthwith handed over to you. You hire the whole armoury for a mere ttifie, USe it as long as you like, and then hand it over to the next set of debaters who are in want of it. For our own part, we cannot see how sincere and devoted members of an Episcopal Church, such as the opponents of this clause are, can make a " principle" of a power in the individual incum-bent of a parish to oppose and thwart his own Bishop in a very natural scheme for the spiritual benefit of the neglected masses in his diocess. We can understand Congregationalists and Independents standing out for the right of resistance to all central ecclesiastical authority, and to any schemes imsing from it, because they disown the existence of such authority; but how an Episcopalian can make a principle of such a right as this we do not see. It is a simple contradiction to his whole system. What is the principle of the incumbent's absolute parochial autocracy, as pushed to its extreme by Mr. EDOIUART, but a principle of disobedience to Bishops, and disobedience to them in a matter 'which must be admitted to corae fairly and legitimately under their control-namely, that which is connected with the departanent of external machinery and ecclesiastical arrangerment ? What is your faith in Episcopacy, if yoa do not allow a Bishop the power of pUtting into effect so very simple an armangement as the one now in question-that of inviting a few gifted preachers to give a series of sermons in the largese and most convenient room or hall in a populous district, for the benefit of the lower classes, and as a call to awaken them to sense of a religion ? Will it be said that Exeter-hall is not consecrated, and that you ought not to have services and sermons in unconsecrated buildings? If this is said we must really caution people againwt hypo-critical arguments. Everybody must know that this is an objection got up for the occasion. The use *of unconsecrated buildings for religious service is and has been for years the commonest thing .possible in the Church; every Bishop has recognized it, and High Churchmen all over the country have, to their credit as active clergymen, made the most abundant use of this liberty. It has been and is the most common thing for clergymen to hold Sunday and weekly services in schoolrooms in the outlying hamlets of large parishes. Nobody has raised the slightest objection to this; on the contrary, the practice has been largely praised by the High Church party, and appealed to rather boastfully, as showing how compatible their principles were with popular effectiveness, and how they adlmitted of that accommodation to the wantn of the age which is the sign of a living as contrasted with a dead and obsolete creed. This has been the pride of our High 'Church school, that it is not enslaved to forms annd externals, but can make use of the instruments -and resources that come to hand; and it has been a just matter for pride, so far as the liberty has been acted on. Yet now sorne of this very school, who have just been showinng their own superiority to forms, are wishing to bind them tightly upon their opponents, and object to the slightest -departure fromr them when the plan of action happens in the particular case to be in Evangelical hands. But it they give themnselves a liberty they have no right to deny it to their rivals. Everybody sees that such arguments as these are mere fencing, that those who use them do not really believe in them, and that they would not have been thought of had the particular demonstration been a High Church one instead of one of the other school. Had Bishop BLompMFU, for eXAmple, resigned during the ABFEBDEEiq instead of during the PAL3n=TON Ministry, Ml% had the Bishop of Oxxoiuj been translated to liou. don, and institu'od a graud series of Highh qt=& sermons, with grand choral music, popular hymns, nd overYthing to attract the lower clases, iu FOme large room or hall, the who'e High Church party would have applauded the demonsration, and wouId have appealed to it as a triumphant proof of the effectiveness of their principles, and how completely they were up to the wants of the day. We slhould not have heard one word then about unconsecrated buildings, except to say that it was perfectly right and proper to dispenxe with them upon occasion:-" See how liberal we are," it-would have been said; " how acommodating we " are; what knowledge of the world, what large- "mindednes, what breadth and %terling efficiency "'we show ; what a mistake it is to think that the "High Church system is a cramped and stiff one, and connected with a feeble and obsolete "standard." This would have been said if the High Church party had been maldng the display. But the fortunes of war have thrown themetropolis into other hands, and the appeal now made to the masses proceeds from the rival party; and, that being the case, there is an objection made to the use of unconcrated building. The principle of- the inoumbent' autocracy in his own parish isno dogma of the faith to be kept inviolate under all circumstances; it Is, after all, notwithstanding the great jealousy felU about it, 'imply an external ecclemiastical arrangement, to be modified according to the wants and circumstances of the Church. It is a pure affair of ecclesiastical expediency, adminttng of every degree and variety of arrangement. If it is thought that the Churo's interesta are best promoted by an absoluteandrigid rule of this kind, let the rule be made rigid. If it is thought that those interti will be best promoted by a relaxation of the rule, let the rule be relaxed to that extent to which it ia thought expedient. It is no inviolable law, no absolute "principle." The principle is, indeed, rather the other way. The Church's old theory is that the incumbent of the parish is only the deputy of the Bishop, preaching and ministering in his stead, and upon the orthodox rationale the whole parocbial system of a diocess Is only a mi-irn from the cathedral city. If there is anything in this rationale, certainly the Bishop of LONIDON'S present claim to be allowed to send preachers into a dense metropolitan district is no new one. Without, however, entering into rival theories of the Church's constitution, it seems to us very clear that the established authorities of a church ought to have such a power as the Bishop of LONDON now claims lodged in their hands; that a Bshop is unfairly charged with the responsibilities of a diocess if he cannot organize a plan like this, and set a number of clergy to work preaching to the people; and that therefore this new clause in the Religious Worship Act is only consitent with the plainest demands of common reason and common sense.
OOUAT OIBWULAB. q- OSBORNE, DEc. 8. The Queen and Prinee Consort. aocomypaned by the Princess Royal. Prince Alfmed, Pzincs Alice, Prince Arthur, Princa Leopold, Princess Helena, Princess Louis, and Prinoess Bestrice arilred at Osborne from Windsor CsaUe at 2 o'clock yesterday. Prince Alfred met Her Maiesy at the Clarence-yard, Gosport, and crossed over to Osborne. His Royal Highness returned again in the after. noon to Alverbank, attended by Lieutenant Cowell, R.B. The Judiolal Committee of the Privy Conil sut yesterd A. An agpelelfrom Bengal, " Chuoturya Run Murdutsv. Sa ub Pur ulad" (part beard) was concluded. The lords present were the Lords Justices Kniaht Bruce and Turner, the Chinellor of the Duchy of Cornwall, and Sir . Ryan.
t7ZrVBRsIT,Y INI'sLLIGRNCZ OXFoi- *ln- 2 The Rev. John Griffith, M.A., late Fellow and TuLtor of Wadhan College, and Depaty Keeper of the Archiveg, Waa this day deleted to the ERepership (Tice Dr. Bliss, deceased), without opposition. * Mr. J. P.. Balner, from Islington School, aad Mr. T. J. Waddigha}m, from Cheltenham College, bave been electd Scholars of Ortel College. Mr. C. A. Kelly, from Jo6sall School, has been elected Ludwell 5xhibitionerof the same. It Is announced that Professor Daubeny will be voted for on Thunrsday next as a delegate for managing the new museum. The Mathematical Moderators bave given notice that their Examination will commence on Saturday, Dec. 19, at 9a.m. An elcotion to a law seholarship on the Viner Foundation will take plae on Wednesday, the 16th inst. The examination of the candidates will commence, on Monday, tho 14th inst. Candidates are required to deliver their names, together with a certificate of permission to ofer thamselves from the head of their respective colleges or hills, to the superior Bedel of Law, on or before the Uth inst, CAM1BRIDGE, DEc. 7. The Crom¢e Scholarship for' the present year has been adjudged to G. F. Hitchcock, B.A., of Trinity College.
TO THE EDITO. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-You pubUsh a telegram in 17we Times of Tuesday, the 8th of December, whieh, according to the official communication, left Alalta at 2 p.m. on the 4th of December, and Cagliari at 8 p.m. the Eaiae day, reacbing the Foreign Office at 6.35 on the 7th-that is to say, more than 70 hours between Cagliari and London. Thne explanations in the Houe to-nlght throw very little light upon the subject. The telegrams of the last mail took respectively 13 hours 15 minutes and 18 hours 40 minutes from Cs¢Llafl to London Ynnwll OBSERV1R. De@. 8.
The Earl of Mulgrave's appointment to the Government of Nova Scotia, in succemion Jto Sir J. Gaspard Le Marchant, promoted to be Governor of Malta, will deprive Mr. Hayter of a zealous and assiduous coadjutor in carrying on the poltical duties of his office. Mr. Hayter will henceforward be assisted in this respect by Mr. Brand, one of the Lords of the Treasury. The Queen has appointed Mr. Spencer Ponsonby, not to the Treasurership of the Household, as stated, but to the office of Controller of the Lord Ohamberlai's Department, vacant by the death of Mr. Norman Macdonald. Under Lord Palmerston, Earl Granville, and the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Ponsonby has almost uninterruptedly for 11 year filed the delicate and responsible office of private secretary to the Secretary of State for Forei*n Affairs He leaves the Firesgn-office having enjoyed to au unusual extent the confidence and esteem of the noble Lords we have naed, as well as the cordial good wrishes of every Individual connected with the department. It Is not too much to add, that not merely hls friends, but the very mnany persona who had occsion to transact businless with Mr. Pousonby, will be sincerelygratified by his well-deserved advancement. MEr. Villiers Lister, of the Foreiga-office, has been appointed private secretsry to the Earl of Clarendon. -Globe. TunB LEvATAN.-The dense fog yesterday proved an obstacle to the progress of the vessel, which no amount of hyydraulic pressure was able to overcome. The men were set to work early in the morning, but for some tima laboured in vain. All the presure and tackle frora the river were pushed and strained to the utnost. The expedient of uudderdy letting the water out of the hydraulic macihinse at the aft cradle, which, when ordinary methods have failed, has often atarted her, was also tried, but without effect. A. general pause was made, therefore, while some screwjacks were being prepared, anad then, when she was relieved from all pressure fore and aft, the capricious monster suddenly slipped of herself for a distance of nearly two feet. She was immediately followed up, and two or three more abort slips got I out of bhr with slight difficulty, and all seemed to promise well for a good day's progress, when the fog intervened. For a few minutes au attemDt was made to continue work, but the thick -murky vapour swept over from the river in such dense masses that it not only became impossible to see, but even very difficult to hear, and at 10 o'clock the efforts were discontinued entirely. The total disI tance accomplished yesterday was only 4 feet 9 inches forward, and 4 feet 4 inebes aft. I Trs AIDJ0UNi,T ow P:AsmwT.-We under. stnd that if the debate ca the Bank Charter Coommittee is not adjourned there wi be nothing to prsrent Parliameat from lising for the heua~s on Monday next. It is belieTed : to be the intSentisux. :Eler Maty's Goveranent mot to *etertsin any hasssa In beynd tbat at present before the lions.. In av ue e.e t'h two Hees 'will adjoum In the begnng of >L till the perit wkb14 P&rliziat , suall anr8ksg-',rnin ?rJ&
AEONRY-2fABKBrande.I.T-ZZ.NzBzatijtyoz. The quotation of gold at Paris Is - about 4 per mill. premIum, and the short exchange on-London b 25B35 per 11. sterling. On eotaparng theFe rate with the English Mint prioe of -3S. 17s. 10id. per ounce for standard gold it appears that gold in about 3-l0tbs per cent. derer In London than In Palris. The quotation of the exchange at Now York on London for bllb at 60 days night is about 108j per enut, for irst-clas paper.. At the preseat rate of discount here there Is qonsequently no profit on the tansmison of gold from this counky to the United State,. The Consol transfer books bave closed to-day, and the transactiona have been numerous, at prices ranging frQm 91j tX 91i, the closing bagains of last evening having beenat 91 to l. At theend of the day no alteration was establisxl, the latest-opera tions being again at 91# to E for money, andc 921 to i, or 900 to 91 ex dividend, for the 8th of J&Aur Y. Bank Stock left ofE at 217 to 218; Reduo4, 90 to I; New Three per.Centx., 90; to J; IndiA shwo r 217 to 220 ; imdia aonds,- 35.:to 25g. discount;S and' Exchequer-bisl 33. diicouin topar. Three failure wereannonced tb-day among the dealers, in addition to two yesterday, xisklng a total of five In tle settlemient-of the acoount. In the Stock-Exchange loaois on. Government mecurities were in demand at 6 per cet. for ihort periods, aud 9- per cent till the.-paytaent of the dividends. At the Bank the applib&tions s-e sti numnerous but moderate in eomparison with recett experlen e u tbhe open market there are signs of returning confidence. . Foreign stocls lave been in little demand., and the transactions marked show little altentimo Turkhh left off rather flatter. Brazilian kour.and a-Half per Cents, were negotiated at 931; OChills Three per Cents., 69 and i; Mexican, for the so coUnt, 18k; Spaish, 40; ditto Nevr Deferred 25k; Turkish Six per Cents., 91 ; for the account 92; dltto Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 9X ; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cenb., 63 and 62i; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, for the accouat, 96. In the foreign exclhnges this afternoon the ihtes for Amsterdam and Hamburg were about tho same as last pest, but those for Paris were Blightly lower. The final prices of the Fech Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. for money and 66f. 15c. for the end of the month, ahowing a fractional recovery. At Hamburg there is again a quotation in the discount-market, and some restoration of order may therefore be 3nferred to h4ve taken place. The charge is 10 per cent. About 260,0001., chiefly in Californian, French, and Russian gold, was sold to the Bank to-day. About 80,000 soverelgns, recently brought froom New York, were also delivered there. It was asked in the House of Commons last night if any circumstences had come to the knowledge of the Government tending to show that some mischievous action had been resorted to immediately before the recent supension of the curency law withite view of embarrasdng the Bank so as to render that suspension unavoidable. The answer was distinctly in the negative; but it may be desirable to show that the inquiry was not made without. reason. On the morning of the 12th of November, when, owing to the course of the Glasgow banks and other circumstances, the alarm was at Its height, and the Bank of Exgland, in their endeavours to meet the fullest requirements of every applicant, were known to have allowed their reserve to fall too low, a sudden demand was made by a leadiug discount house for accommodation to the extent of half a million. The moment an affirmative answer was p'te& from the gover&ors the,quieient, Wu' raised from 50,0001. to. 70.0001. and ao soon u this amended request wa 'grantedit was then augmented to 900,000Z. That also was complied with. Meauwhile, how-. ever, the partner by whom thes applications were made is understood to have proceeded to a leading banker among the private firms in Lombard-street, and to have informed him that he had been to the Bank of England in vain, and could get no advances whatever. Of course, this was calculated to add greatly to the distrust already prevalent, and its effects would have spread much further had not the banker subsequently ascertained that the representation had been entiry erroneous In the afternoon the Government letter came down to the City, and there the matter terminated; but, as it was generally alleged that the discount house in question had had an interview with the Government shortly before the measure was announced,and that, moreover, instead of actlng with those who had endeavoured to allay panic and to inspire oDnfidence In the working of the Act, they had taken opportunities to create a belief that nothing but its suspension would prevent ruin, a very general impreasion was created that the proceeding adopted had not been altogether unpremeditated. Il any cmse they could not clear themselves from grave reproach. If the 900,0001. was absolutely necesary to them at that particular moment, the conclusion is plain that they had so mnaged their buadues as to render themselves liable for such a Su3m at call without belug properly prepared to meet it. They had no right to expect the Bank of England to rediscount for them at pleasure, any more than they had a right to look for such accommodation from any of the private or jointstock eatablishments in the city. This, however, is now represented to have been the true nature o the demand, and, as that solution in much les unpleasant than any other, there can be no incispodition to accept it. With regard to the statement by the firm, that they could get no advances, it is since said to have been made under some misunder. standing before the answer to the first application had been obtained. Of course the history thus furnished of the entire affair is subject to correction; buit, as the original details were currently given at the time upon good authority, it will not be considered surprising that the public should have adsired an investigation with regard to them. The suspension has been announced of Messrs. Hadland and Co., a very old firm in the Mfanchester trade, with liabilities for about 40,0001. It is thought that the liquidation will yield about 15s. in the pound. Annexed is the circular issued e London, 114, Cheapa{de, Dec. 8. We deply regret to inform you that we have ;een compelled to suspend psyment. "By the advice of our pAineloal creditors our boo'xshave been placed in the hands of Mr. C. F. Eemp, acountant, 7, Gresham-strest, who wiU prepare a statement of our xffirs, which will be submitted toz general meating of creditors at A early perlod, an'd of which due notice will be sent you. "We are, &O., "HADLA1ND AND Co." The suspension haa also been announced of Messrs. Lichtenstein and 'Co., a German house. Their liabilities have not been stated, but are supposed to amount to about 80,0001. The Western Bank of Scotland have notified that it has been finaly resolved to abandon all idea of resuming the business of the establishment. They have consequently placed themselves in cormmunication with the other Scotch banks to obtain their asistance and advice in winding up. The result of the investigation into the affairs of the City of Glasgow Bank by the independent om- mittee appoimted by the sharehodersi-as announced at Glasgowv this morning. lb appears that, after deducting- &r bad and doubtul debts and making, sufficient.skowance for dclrecition in the seuritiea, held, ih. capital is found. to be intact all bat. 75,09M%,,aud that thXWseateepartof this deficiencf rnaba>ade good ra.sligJhiprovepmqtt lfeQA- alue of. the securities andathe recoveies- from doubtful debt.- Considering al the circutancex of thcuase; tis wrill doubtles- be regarded with xatiftolio; and the bil; may be expected to re sume. .It istae that Mesr. Dutll and Co. of Liverpool, whbo sspended after the fai}ure of fessrs. Dennlstoun and (o., wiUbe likely to pay in full and bAre a good xsuplus, their New York house havlng Stood through the crisis. ,Ieens. ere , Sfflern,aid Co., who zuspdnded on the 24th of Xovember, have called a meeting for Tueadey, the 22d inst.,- and Messrs. -Gorrissen, H el, And Co., who suspended on the 18th of November, have clled a meeting for Thursaay the 17th, inst. -With retpect to the afrairs of the London and Eastern Bank, now' under a conditional windingtp order i-a tire Court of Chancery, a strong der.ir i. f:elt -that the ofilcinnaager should be some personw 1io, r h.'p -tzne, has taken no part in wndiIng, , ed prl - or ot of Z-tWJte, Azy ono: known to hve fueen ai frca of -any dircr-hpose wondua or debt may form `3he subject of- compromise must be clerly.objeo* 'tionable. : ; t amoiuit'of slEver. shipped for EHimb#g by . rorw mrorning, is?.bouJ; 65,OOZ Ql; r. further sum miy therfore'b~eepecito:~bo ent by the paciet oStv.' r dat. -- . - - - t 'i .)fr.Tir agu , of' the fir of Oaukis and H-ifey, :llibn -elebted -! director of the Anglo&[ ezi3snfipt l i;n, llace of Nir. J. D. T, The &ot§ka-gtyes,tbi-following clear a.ou of, oaniwcuUsritjesIn fthh distribution of the -lMabIlities end chirof the.W%teim Bank of Scotland, *Idhli apper #f ir h a considerable inight into the lz at6ly mafested at Glagow for the rencltxtion of that concern at all co.t:-. "ThEo las ore featue in the statement of sa. ana Aoabilitles of the Wexer Bak whkh we omitte4to notIce literday, butvwhich is nevertheles very inotlobloe mean the oaeta prentedhhetwee the aco* t m eilating to the-hd-offic aaid thos relating toAthe branehos, s far as they ae kept d'ititn. Takig firt the depodts we fnd thaitl- or gtves lelhanl,000,00{.-the branohes nealy 4,00,OOOL t In the nutmber of depositors the disparity h stll more enormeus-Glagow, 1,653; the brmuchee, 40,790. The, c4untry depodtor - awe thus about 25times more numnkoos tha the Glagow onee and have nearly fio. times h,e amount of claims. Perhaps the proporttln:held by GIagow was formerly grter, and waredaucedby i ' run.' ButwAsitnghilauor Glasgow friaeds fis to draw Out their own money, andthen get up public :eetlIgn to 'adJUre all other people to let theirs' remaln ? Or, suppodsg that the proportions are much the same now as beforo the pnc, whyis thisfurlous zealfor the restoration bf the Western Bank onfined- to Glasgov, and unfeltlin those - other districts which apprently haTe a much lirger Interest in the queion? Perhaps oi turning to-the 'ssets'. e may get a hlnt of the .o wer. Tkoroe. find the opposite of what is din the liabiltles Theadvaces nde at the Glaswopr offlo e 2,500K.00; at the branch a little more than T,OO,OOt.' :Further,' 2,500,00of wi'ch the bank has lent at Glasgow only 850,622. b marked s ' believed to,e wholly seeed,i while the rwmark mao UpON the advancesfrom the branches ia, 'generally those accounts are secured.' These figuresrelate to advances on 'current acunts' alone; i e matter o' bilh' the means are not afforaod 'for lstltiig a sr comparison; but It Is very obvious that under that-head the ooxtrast, could It- be.- mwd,; wotld, to say- the least, be equaly strikng. It thus appearM that, of what the bank owes the pRblic, .Glaow is lybing out of lItle ioTe than, a-fi,f of the sm out of which other places are lyg1n; but that of what the public owes the bank Glasgow bagot as 2i tol-while much of the Glasgow debt, -and apparebUy none of the country debt, is irrecover. able. Inshort,tha bank wovld appear to have been latterly an isitutIonA minl ifor draw4n&iu money from 'the pzovinces,' and lendi,ng it in (*imgow on had secuity. Of course -it 'Is nt6,soaewhat easier to understnd why many people in Glasow were attaebd) to the Wesern systemnof msnaemenSt-he mangement on 'Commercbia and not on t legaltrin as the eabse wspbindleahl, i not jua1. cIn¢auly, na t now a l~o,r>if possiM, easder thanever ,ts unrt*and wrhy most other pieoplehave faiiedt get ap mwi . eFathsmior sthabjeck. "' *
r' . . .T D E ., - , :IFAl 9r2 TRADEB. Thre niarket for mnanufachure Is oexedingly flat and Uifalees ' Shirtings anid other iotbs, ,to the mae of which last weekaho nws frm Inia and China bmartd a little vitliy,ar spn egeced,an ae owe li rie.They Inaynowbeo lit atbon un e trates have alootrte oethan the imprvedval oflast 'week, cop and other twist stitable f6r anuactrer beng urcasebleat about id. per lb. unde the rAtes o usa at The Germans bave moaifeste Borne little dipsto odo business in yarns, but no operations worh Lamn are reported. The depresson it this' market Is, on theho,qut as grat as it was las week, and the maost runu ocsin price fail to attr-act buyers. Frora 30,0001. to 40,0001 of theo loss occasioned by the stoppage of Messr. 3. an G. Adam, calcopriters, Glasgow, 'will fall, it Is reporte, upon, Mesgms John Elgg nan co, zeport Mesrl,an Gieo rge noAsrnia, b so me asa co. reot:- a w. Th ere ha spain been an exoeeding, nl niaskt and PAWSc of gains suitable for Germany and tha Northi of Europe r.re aspin lower.. LEEDS, Dro S. The weather continuing wore like spring than winter, the demand for, heavy cloths for the latter sesown is greatly cbec-ked, and t'he retail dealers, drapes and tallors, are doin3g much less than the usual amount of business at this period of the year. Neither is there any noticeable improve. ment in the foreign trade the shipping houses bein generally alacl. There has beenL but a smnall attendance of buyrs n he lot.hllsthi mrnig,and comparatively few oodschaned bnds. Waitng,Indeed, for better tims, s he rde o th da. applythere are no faiures of cnseuene t reortin hintow orthe neghbottrhoodl. andtestbiliy o thdisric, raemer tile point of HUDDERFSI~ELD, Dro. 8. 'Ibere has been mnore buziness done in cloths to-day, and therre la' a better feeling in t'he trade. Generally lower prices are offered, yet for the more saleable fabrics there is not much reduction. All things considered, P, fair bulk of goods has changed hands ad there is a general impreesion that affairs are improving The best kinds of 'wool maintain late prlcoe, but there Is a Ilittle reduction for the low
- THE CORN TRADE. -TIVV.RVfinT. 'n- 2 ane w ta, Wm Irend mud coatwine'have been fAir of o4zeal, but otherwbe SmaL . Ftom foedgn iorl we htTe receITd 30S08 gquar tere ot Whest. 1.78 quaazten ofbarlev. 9279 qrtesn o Iondin cc, 410 sa,ks andt 3885 balmlsveof our;n from Canada 11146 quarters oftwhe.tt jA I2 bgTel of Smu. Mhe exzio tIn the same itme compieje 1,615 qdartg U ot what 1,1b quart of oate, 1.761 qcua. ten of ludian era 13 S achk andi 1,143 barrels of dote. TheD ha betn ven y -little doig In the tkadn here n ;e lset Tnedny, end with habv.y Du~ps,pie falatce aegyawy The wnGterhas benrUadopen. AA this "I's market ther wa a thin htted&uee of thetrade, and few cosmtxytuIers. OIly a moderate moount of burnmw, mdone in wheat azd diour, although a further reductton of 3d. De 701b. and Cder bad en sack since FHday w3s submitted to, making the to-:u decline eiDee this day week 6. er 701b.. and Is. per sck and bazreL Oat and oatmeal, with a fair ele, abon, maintained thelr vale Brle ben;andeye ae ech theaum lower. taytimn beans werle obOtafinblat '3k* 6d. to 31Sd. per quarter. Indlau eorn n t. wlith a moderate demand for feeding, at about 6.L per quarter undtr the .tGea of bat Tueaoir' prime yellosw Amertan and Galatz b,lnairg its. 6a. ner quarter. Whlte mar be quoted from 37. to M9a. per quarter. Wequotewhlfte American witee from 6.. Sd. to 7. S., 2and red Se. 106.trods-per 7th.o Flour from*Is. for Weetern Canal to LIMDS; Dro. & Wheat nnut be quoted 2. per quarter and the beet barley Ir. pet qnater lower than lAse Tuesday. Oats and beans in favour of the bu3er. I AaRTlrAt.q iflinE r TM5 "V W~~ 8 l~p)ioe molterMb, pdoes aboift tbe samo m latt quoted for both loghibhaod forelgowbeat B^tley a 210weleeat bto ratee, except 32esitmalieo whi4 x odi, freey ,r giloding at 27s. eor quater. t)ata rej quJo 2h10 tateSttol ppOkied Penr aDd bcai unattelod. P ir rather eMe. Butter agai. lowrer; dem&nd relF
Crix OF GLAscow BPA?s-(By Electric and In ternational Tclegraph.)-GLAsoow, Tuesday Evening.- The a&oened meeting of tho shareholders of the City of GlasgowsBank was held to-day. Thereport of the neutral committee was given in, stating that t'e baance of amets ame3n6tea to 667,533M., thus showing a deficiency in the eapitl amcount of 77,57%.; the deficiency W cauted by the depreciation in railway and other WarItite hdld by tbe bank, whic3. maight yet beoiaa bp. Akeaclution waspassed, thatthe afairn of the bankam AlsndL w to warrant an immedilate sg-umptlon of bus',aea4 ild tbht the directors be Instructed, to taik the Oant5aiy tkepS for this purfio6. It wa%3wtaed that 5OO,rim. I : handj won) be necesqay befor., r mption, anld sf are a beingt bke to rai it imnmedistalyeither by dep .ss tor b &f gn.azaie fiund, The& 1IbZIiea of ihe iwe s . SQSO tQeassels, a .dalCtione&s as*'d ahova
IORD O: _ND ~tST.AN MI - B i : NEXA ATION OF Mft qTV Or. Monday Jiame .awair4 St nh;aas ed before Mr. Serif SubtitUte Hallard at I 10b,~ 1sasAergo fo judoca examination -in' bkrskupl$y aoooIding to itse orms of t otbhhe la ederatas ante rod a Iowsa Mrs. Grahaa Esinny, writer to4l the ofusa trustee on the seq,uestratedestate; Mr. George.Xonun, advocate, aicounsel, md Mr.Ames Webster, solicitor to the Supreme Courts, asagent for the trustee and creditors ; Mr. Charles Fyfe Stuar Interim matIager of the LAonon &n& mroBanhr appointed by Vice-Chancellor Sir W. Page .%Vood;. Kr. A. , Clah,x advocate, contsel for the bankrupth- Iant . J. F. WUlIe solicitor to the Suipreme Courts,% Ki agent: There was a numerous altendance in the Sheriff's obanbet, and it was intinaed tpiat any creditor desirousto quaectin the bankrupt -in the coure Of l1e preoeeedinp WOUll a Lis soneua entered in th e aederunt afterwards The statutory oath hasin4 bnadmcael tered to te bankrupt bnhe ais 'by Mr. YotNGo, for thoer truntee and -ceitr, a:e n -hI cam.. to:lre. aide in Sotlan the mont of tune lat; b6Eaore that I resided an. T kea m, -intee it nlghbourioodl o1 london. Before I earne-to Soot-laud I was the all Igez, of the London and e astern Banking Corporation; I We e poirted tothat office in Janutary, 185- I was relieved of 1855.Iam n~ztort heIlthj of Apri, 1857. -rwas a ibateo dsri f hebank, aedvewat one:of the dirictors from the perod of- its etablishme nt in prlno t Juy, 186,when 1.1sf t the diiwttIou. Itwa ters 18 dcon.n tin eaa dbe to eaan dla toe bmyns batqthasinttnon snt<rIedit rc or 'four ers shipmentcreentlof the E tous as -id teZ andirCto., &ut e bYcebt o tdsert oddntbcm ,aiigatin C6omptny. T T rom. a Co. d15 to ay one. sent segue#Trjion I cridon -sieaasprar n colrn an, kwit t a Lx wa of Compny, nsersas -tlmbeU ofn IsmI n ot PA,ehr there was nly oe hr trtn agree that onern, brJnIDames ln. Hecca y of*as the secretary of I read the teani,. Ie q p185 6 1 becme apqua.lof thesrm of Mneptfr thedbusinesshofrtererse aDdtC-.triel Soho-squiree doc.nient debusness-It wason and Co. tas pterchsseo by frta tyhec ana memblf efFtizat llr. Barwise, and s c alread o entionea, Wasu na Dae thbeat coner alo. W oemmenced jt tog.. ther I was a5 Whetnr ofte Es toko ay Company,.Eon. don,tandhPoole,Dore*seHlemien from Ocbehr, 18d tI a WASn~ adovtein, 1858. i or iu ore pesonrato osrpeication. f have Dateascthanof it. Ithavesto esremembehI refer to the eneeld dtentthtd,db of 6,7001.y nwas dnute byd ofate atthe bate. o y sol p artcert Ithat cag eed tha rou-houte houdpyof the afore ofaid bank. a no bt, enagedt Gnany oth trade or business p ri seqat6 an he t I acve specified. Lieepto truskxitee c el the bankrupk deponed,-Inow rem eber th at onetime onorected with a owatchm i buse ins called Barwin amd Co.s Picadilly, Loendo 1 was a partner of that concern from 1855to1857. The business-belongedjointly to Mr. Robert Tohn IAttey and myself, we beig4 the only partners. £hr. Iattoy was one of the dirhators of the London ad Astern Bank,. - He had been a jewellerand merchant iIn dia,t hewas=t; aawatlmaker idonot knowif thatnbu de Is still goinghd on. ceased to baelon to it in April, 1857. Mr.Latey nd fomeda prtnrshp,to be called Lt-icy and Co., and,the bns of Barwe andl Co. formed one bortio DO tdhet bstnss carrtieongde that asicrranement.lr VW ever compl but the prtner acted upon. Interrogated.-What were the ofler portions of that budne? Dpones.-Ourinteto ion had been to earry on an Indian agency buseads, butthatintention was -not carried into efect. We had several shipmentr sent from India tonus as lattey and Co., but exoept to this extent we did not become Indian aW nt. The fim of Lattay and Co. sid not carry on any other buine, oith the exception of the consignments to which I have alluded and the watchmAkinig bCli- - nesI of Barwise and Co. I am not sure whether there 1 wAs any written agreement between Mr. Lattey and myself. The watchmabl ng buosness was managed for usa by a Mr. Rochart. It was carriea on In a shop in Piccadilly of whih Mr. Lattey and I were the tenatnts. We were partners In eqa shres. There wererno books kept for the company, but the were.books kept for the business of Bar wine and Co. while tbt businss was carried on as LAttey and Co. The business of Barwise and Co. was purchased ~by. Mr. lattey, and myself friaj a- Ix. Beawie, and was carried on without any change of name. lceaed o be t a ear ofAtteyandCo.inMrch or April 1857. When I ceased to be a partner with him there was a settlement made between uh, and an acthcot wa adjuted, which Is in the possesson of Mr. LAttey. I have not a copy of it. I have to explain with reference to sda adjustment that a debt of 6,700o. was due by L£trtom end Co. to the London and FAstemn Bank, bearing interest at the rate of 8 per cent. It was agreed that Mr. - LDttey. should pa off the whole of the banik debt, about 6,7001., and take u he busins of Barwise at 6,3001., And he wasx pto receive fro me the half of the differaince, about2201. the loss being thus davided between us. The oaeement wms actd uponf to the extent of Mr. lAttey paying off the bank debtf ani remain his debtoron thattranaction for 220?., as shown in my sate of affair The passage in MY state t wbiho I refer is a pasage as follows: - In oswedi oitt ihin geutletsn Ten accontf 0bea I be ospe.nd tueamount; and o am tereee hiS debI t to otene exthet hor of tne-balf--0. I knowthe factthiat hehas paid the dlsame. Mr. -Y6smG.-BatBut-t does mot appear from your stetoa-tht youaw6 t heo cucoumt as ltbe atond, Co., nor does it ppear thatanything was due to thq bakh by jL5tAopy a a 4srcgaIseak Were O'd ehiageA In shy Aer ira he theen Band1857 d -Depones,-Tis donoktrem -ember; bmirt I hAVte no W4 to state anything that Is incorct. I wta never in the pianoforte line. 1r. YOUsG.-Dce you kmow anything of a pianoforte busfin carried on in London under the name of Towns and Co. ? The Bankrupt.-I know of such a business, but I had nothinghatever to do with IL It belonged, ine eve,to Mr. James Blak, already mentioned. I was not his partner In that business, and Ilhad no cornexion withi it. -Mr. YoOurr.-The only trading businedes you were concelned in, then, were Lett's Wharf Company, in which Mr. Black, the secretary of the hank, was your partner; Minter and Co., uphiolsterer, in which Mr. Black was your partner; the Broaksc Clay Company, in whiec Colonel Waugh was 3our -,artner; and Lsttey and Co., including Barwise and Co., in -which Mr. Iattey wasayour partner?7 The Bankrupt.-Yes. The business of Lett's Wharf was boug'ht by Ifs. Blaeck and myself in 1855. Interrogated.-What was the price you paid for the businesu for the stock and trade l machinery, and buildingsl thatving examined the lassbe, kdeponed,It wouldl appern that an advance of 6,000es was obtained inom the bank for the purche of Lttt's Wharf. Being shown a book which Is docketed And gubscribed by the deponent and Sheriff-Substitute, depones,-Tbat is the Hassbook whiother wrs kelt been the bank and the hnpfrthe EeU s lerykof ,tWharf he side tof r the debit of Ltr's Whar comenes n th 28 ofDecmber, 1855, and It ness amounte to about 23,0001., ta st say, 23,000?. beyond the sums paid back byLets haf I have to ex. plain that the entry in my state of affAirs in reference to said bank account was made up from recollection merely, and that I had not thenx in my possession the passbook which has now been shown me. I did not contribuLte to the business of LlAt's Wharf any mnoney except whAt was drawn from the bank for thaLt purpose; nor did M1r. Blacdk contribute any mnoney to sait concen except what was drawn from the bank, The accunt between IeWs Wharf and the bank was a cah credit account, uponxsecurity. Theaccount.1 was opened upon the 285 of December, 185. It wasz openedI by the authority of the directors of t'he bank. Being asked how that authority appears, the deponent desire to he shown the minute-book of the dlretors which was shown accordingly. Mr. YOU~NG.-You need naot detain us, Mr. Stephens, by looking over that book, for you will find no such authority The Rakrupt depones.-This book lIsthe original mintLte. beck of the directors from the commenkcement of the bank till the 14th of August, 1857. 1 am unable to find in that; book any authiority for opening the accomut in question. This book is chiefly in may ownt handwrriting, and the miniute of each meeting of directors Is subscribed or initialled at the end by the chairman. I beg to state that a gret deal of the business of the hank was 3never entered ink the siai minute-book, which is the weekly minute-book. A gret deal of the current business was decided upon between myself and the director of the day, 7Those opiniozx I took binl these matters. I liave no doubt that I obtained the authority of the director of the day for opening the aeliount in question. I cannot now say who the diretor of that day Inteoprgted.-What was the security on which the sadd account was opened ?-Depones,-Upon the lease of the premises, with the wholer,tock of trade. Thereowas nooconveyance effected in the bank's favour of the said subject-s of security, but the lease was held by the bank until April, -18517, whea reus a ado for a codveyance In saying thtebank held the=las,I mean to say that Ithe tontract of lease was in the bank's possesson. It was in the custody of the secretary-that is to say, this lea-se, along wiith the other securities held by the bauk, was in the hands of the securities clerk, who Is an officer.in the secretare's departnent. The stock in trad`was- on the premises It Was never in the possession of the bmk in any othe- sense than this, that it was on the premises of which the bankl held the lease. Mr. Youa1G.-I ehould hard)y think it worth While, MW. Stephems, askiig any bank manager wbether he considers that any security at al). , - Tho Bankrupt-I considered It a good security. I was ready to complete the security at any time, Bankrupt fearther deponed,-Tho whole profit made by that busness was.2,00U, which S-um was divided between the two pro., prietors. It was gained and divided in the year be\weeu, Deember, 1855, and December, IS56. 1 do not know if it, i- entered in my book of receipts. Being shown a book of annual receipts banded in by the bankrupt to the trustend, depoues,-Tne sum gained byrme is not entered in that book nor in any other book that 1 kept I did not incur any loess by that buiness. The names of tho partners of Il.sa Wharf Company are not entered in the pass-book ahove, refemred to, nor in any of the bank books. Tho directors of the bank were informed and khew )erfedtly that thb beef. nes of LetVs Wharf beleged to tleirmauager arAiere. ta. They knew the sums a}voeecd upon it. Tbhcb3sinqk wa entirely carried on'y the bhnk'asnoney-that is, no-aey drawn from the bank; amd the directors knew this - I nay,e no doubt that the directors -were informed that t)& brsiness Blonged to Mr. Blaek and nyself -when the aasnece w6ere made. The b siness of minter and Co., vbsh Back and tnyself carried on, was that of upholstererm And anufce turers of ixvalid weel-cbr (A angh.l An advacce .oE 2.00M was tak-en from the hank for t'oit business on the 26th of Septemlber, 186. I am no', s'hown a " borrowed 3ote" ofitlitaakfortbatamouua,. Alltbe writingenthat docament, izleuding tbe sign-,r, sminter ,and Co.," is in tbe bIanw.tig l -Mr. Bl Macy That advanoe was pisd by th!44rgctor,, as shown -b mEnut of a xceeting of the oSi d =sQhm of P>, e. The passge to wrhich I refer s as folows --"A pplicaon from Minter and e. fo the loan of 2,800. ns tyof the. late, stoc,C Ind flxtfriu;ef YuUrll *ee-wi% laid befor the board; -uoIve thtthe same begranted. The ageuidailokwas &book w"Job Ida belfoiredthedinto _r "xoh te contaising a programume,o . o uiis, to be brougteore Oke meetin, writh a bauk eoolamw for stating how it sa distrd-o. LTheprogrammn was prelp br clerk book, te ioeet1n, w.a held. Being own ae Spnd b ,depones,-I nd thetin,-- nder dato of the 29;h of, Sept.0ior, '185.5, je fllowg "ntry 1i the column containn-tbe PrograMMe of Q bounces:-"a to xcasr& d4r And Co. , and opposie to the eutiy ar the words, in the hndwrltln t2 e ehairman of themeeting 'Of that day, - L of 2,8001 to be liepharma.n of the inee sng,wUoee hndw gthi a, vat Mr John Cearnac orris, who waen frmaoftbe board. Mr. woa--Ismy fater ia.law- but not so at thAt dAte. Me ba ponthe30&1 o Sleptember, th ext day. (Aauh)I.oitffa,telonajve pn the 26th, though oh?y sftoned on the the directors =werV presdient a hemeti of ieda" The 29th, atwase n2erhng,nyaelf. I do ,not kno!rif Ifaformed ther a*t that breting, befrti dldlireo,.mtthean53irt boadms uwtlaSWU naterroed.-Whe Abeiorird. the odvwace en the 26th? wouldittie. n1fr borilbeenmmade wia4autb t totdineof6a omkb" mtloa.the snvanee war.n bromught teor the dbRncko a t the tatbad ine.thwmsg-aftt twasm na1e. This ws in. oiformty with the. practIoe-t 's In rgskretOeloato ats Wh Mr..M.rY bcoinGchiraI l;et, nadovetotbanikeheoa:e much mo.eulzM B;tkhapt farth * Xhadprsr. ousl enhoul kTikeboo see them too. aites Th 2,80a1 a wsed bad ttrom whom the bqiti. inecrtarto -the hank.hIt wie i de eitdine thesbe sn'ifSt tOBiikas If ando nd We paid intertouthee oandrs lowe byhe bank atherat f 7aPer' sent, r.bla dihgd not put any money intte es a eme 8ed lithe buines wIs an fratsuaa.ninte Indln am (9cen' aevioe) at ,httm.taS+to Coonl $l, z18,bl"rI zlmt>wed Xny ; r I lZ. andcd's maccounthe Londoe upn -dowern t the 2r as ntroduc to me at thattin tinthe oficeof the bank. HU e otaied n bvane irom the baDk onL tho: 22d of a the meiean-sucktriokeo where di--or up, in t}hat the~IBM 1 dt -I fhind intheint Tf tingofuthat expate,e xwhicis in Y handwritingl the tothnbau°@C8k.on e of . 15 On ths Mr. ousa.-I souldblie to e hremu potoo. (~DlMgter% b manku as f draotrb. The roert i t hed loael 'cAW anut o he binel,o iintean C., ether diaont waed tnf1oyh srodi othe busnwa of -rhadhto h 3hsdalt es thcat& reTdto the oboaikt oa fai to reand ete udidnot lose oftween tl 3 teand 8hvf-hdncuiv hxdzuOt rere honoured to ~ ~th in of2 7b A t4 of hei det ot f thMcill. wlte be601 whe siiolte lu by_ the ustiers shtood a o asMcarre, onhbe On the tion,526L to. th e exenno 77 E' h is that the aoun of the ilD metiot.xoe dted toubi ll a 5 placedtI onfand allothwt o the d by hieughts day,ne. iess the.adiacto thslo. v tee Yoout r anotnow py any Ices, Colonel Waghn was preo£~I f nktce rand and s arthe,nearcoolel D Corelthi.dand! herate onoar Ced toe i ae o4n t h estaf 27came hoqua theColonel Wa ugh i re a ndia, fibLt the Bns-of thela51k Campan. It wasthe anlo uns ohsafreso id theto bhinscom t in180 I renoed not actale n dtee, withb Cooe W abee qn t arc, 1855.- T h tg wis ftroti saod 30a. lersliuhipas bMmibewe wa& deaidented adbecoe aEr thetoon hn nd a the rdanike. 4e hae dntroed, c thome lat ght ttime h ice otihebn kt.Ise dfectorge4ral off rt aeay hre ner^ . rpesionl hr as to b orptnh obain anD nee.-Tohof hionm .entaindh anhese ane fo the bak on the 22 F Iach ondon . Bein shdown the minutet-bok f h dOrector ofethe 30hof March, 1855, dpcfsa,-I id d in the minute oaf eingd ofa that datz2e, win 10do. t ltheinglnterh "tho fe mnageg ecogt thewh to boeat conaed . honto, ash ntde4 to sueaiterdne Intolrekuomaeiayo zlg vEth ea wihaS wt readt cOmlng I n aCcnt°}ounto and-E}repeleo ledeofm4tcnfo b thei e ban tel e. An acepancof oloniel Wngle f-lor .01 WaugTi bcamie a athed.au e to him on thle 2d of Mach,1855. t O nter ofae Marc h W daughfa prop thecrediot of t 7hatbil ho, tonoure teontes.N ext nt of *tndE Th rsul ta theHe Naount eofithe oire, t ais the disuth w:ast pacedontriht redit ofntheodopaftiaheonetatoe thare a. elie drhtm uion tatnrga proitn the aounth ofe to a771 wee onouredn Lrondton y yadvice. TIerosmated '-:Ha yo b mk wee drhof tle Ioas tah an ent of A 29e. garpnes.-Thee drayfiehsld thz e ntwoodat his readit Itwa the ommero yz5of lhad being amenthtne a nt w to be o'aoute tilln moin pOnthe de myoun t atend, aenon Interrog sum .h ho, whepa no b the mtan ofe th euomneli at in Londoetn ?Dopoes.rar.slnCannundeilybueitendeno m.essof thn.la sihe aro meaking e sdieen st omet.'I mass ?Sr. attendd1 Wthe Furtyhaerbepoentherve mix. 3 Ymkesaltogether wa toerl brenthe pluaer of Liworksat n th "' i - Mr Beckwas tobewt s comriacountger andYputto isreit hed by tarhoe of the bdirofr. names daMr,c asd th mlan or a broiuen and themmtice bof theh md warsnwllat theuint ed wit h niectipel,ther3Oth ru roand Thew sthreaactwonh ahe entapeofn Ctel. Wale'ha -pivaemS feorunstanchtegbn aunIin ldhim s ton selngame. Colene road fsfeyored Ito ad panekhwledg Ior p.rinke o tClat Copart ny. etwa lnet rrogated-e orweream tou becom his n partnerdgecl not gxeivencfthe ae,bustinessato -nas M.been aboht haj 85 Igcd D et.byie ptroalakndow lerdnershuip was Wformed-e= een of serndloe.Itber tnly prtnerenyto tolontern teo*oato ayunds bo tecmer gll tr efF the bankiNul 85ou.t ofThe fetns as pefave Notsped,asCloarMnelwaaghmadroerthat Iwas oto boDftibuthw manager ofut ordi onuto takeay shallge.tent.rrIgte t6d.w~ -T wastoayu pertent?heponerL20 nkrrepotes. -Toemp-lin DipomakOn theroitonofIt May,dKo passs that mana,ger th condtn bytemyI advce.Tted.-Wated.paa -your anyr knowt. leooe of the cmpayaIeDepnt fa clyfed shaoepmones-The Colaonel Was nut g woredi London. It wasrte eqalcomabmei palt profste manaheme txatn wasro had aonted uring to heotl h ma n awerof ther coMmarc asal busnu In wa inter3ogt&.-y e ar;i perso efperiencds in such lbust Meay regua ours.-oe watt. Furthemr pom - hav elktm 4s. btakenpoint Pott wac sto hotthedmanaggeeralof tuh exworks a thme lafiel. Ir Bfecn wasnto h the ommerat9 cilocakager onftendoman.edwa imsled Teby the sfimarityofthaednames. and waswellacquainted withnclaypnitpesseterTpes, andli masoo.Thi a the d"rlesL-ason wyh waIn Appingostred.Ieoha benasronaladtureyoetre. Irhdno knowlede oahr experieeo thmealtogarticulr.businesslywnttcregafter.fo werelyour4n egerofbusy emines asdcohsieredfa tour or se orve. AInte- onAret is- ab ou to&l conributie anyl fundsftoal,the under taking? wDmepoAbne gdaoun-tetI onsfuntds washspecified. ospecial arrangement wabs madehethatIwas toeCa Compntriut rikea mi lay Co's Iaanceconunt -with h m e ban. ehlliwa allWI* eontlbne& terrg~t~-..Wha wa yor s arinthI
ENG=LSH BANKRUPTS N SCOTLANfD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Referrini to the remarks recenti made fn- 2'kc Zimcs, inconnenon with the ca of r. Stephenp, of the Eastern Bank, on the practice of English debtors availing themselves of the Scottish lAw Of Sequestiation, the fol lowing obsertions rsy perhaps convey some sul Information to the ereditors ofmch Arties Sequestration bemng now In Ecotlaad a rnedy available to all persons, 'hether traders or not, mere readence wthout trading In :cotland has necessaily bcen made suficient to arrant an award of sequ tion. And where the peftitin for seque3tration ir regular, and a parentlybond fide, i is of couse grantedatonce. BUtt sonst then be immediately advertIsed InbotL London and Ednburgh Qazetites ahd it may he recalled en applicationt by any cred tor Withi fort days of Its besg grated, or on applieatioe by nine-tenths of t credltor at any time whatever. The cor hs ld dowi that whether tbe or be not ipertlive en it to awardc eqntstratiou on a reglarly presented potition it is in its discretion to remalt it on a ,iaw ot the whole detcunstance of tbe came. *In 4ntaeyeent eae of Coloh) Sleigh, late pre retor of the Daity Tkekrep% nd eadidats for cenw . EQ a- *ion waawardod en the banbupt's own petition, with aoncurrence of a o: editoc to the rire4 amoaun. Aothe credit rthen pc4ented a petition Yor 1rcfllofthequestrationD on t-hegrrcna. that Colonel Sleigh's deht I been almhAt ntirely contracte i nglnd. tt Ie lad ot been auicimtlylot&indeodtlgto beeome subject totlhe ijUis. diction f i but and& tA it would be aniAconvenIent cOUre tohavehia hanxiptcycciedon in ScOtani, iatea of in Eaglhi. Colonel $e!gb, hlowover, alleged trading 1n Sc5otbind,. xan the lord ordinser ordUeed evidene 'to bi l2odne4 e\tM residebge for,.tree monthg pnoodig the r.pliion intimating a Tstrong inlsustIoa to recallthe sequessio if the beSs appeared to be s alleged by the pposI reditor. Olone1 Sleigh withdrerw fron further pIrosetI g his "queststratien5 and is low carying tkroiglr U idj atlon of senp yin the lndk Ctoutt. * It is plin, therfote, tbat aithBh the Saottiah courts maygive great failities to debtors 'where They are 'uop. poed,-thhs are not dla sed to give contenanc to Egp liih debtors reiorting to them 'when t is ade t0 appea thit tie ease Is one wohich really onbtto be disooced of in Eogland. The practice would no doubt enti ces if cictors wTld in one or two inFanes folew the course whichbwas adeptodin Colonel Bleighis case s In a previous3 somewhat, similar cas tbe Scottish Cortt zefuiedto grant a warrant fot the liberaion of the debtor Irom aoL Bthtle oppoeliei 'was there made onlto tha from gafol.fo libcraMenor, not' to the sequessratiots itap; CaIo lam, Sir. your obedient servant. J. BOYD XMNAIRL i Aa square, lo Xlnws.iu; j )". 8,
FORIMGN INTELLIGBNOq. FRANCE. EL pozou of tb following appmea In our ai eod. (EY of Y*BIIday:-J (nr. SUMURINZ AND 3BLUIH TZLEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegram from our Paris correspondent i "PARIS, TUEsDAY, Dza. 8, &30 .M. "'lThe Moniter announce that the Comiasion of the Four Powers signed, on the 5th inst., at Constantinople, the final act of the rectification ol the Runian frontier in Asia." (r0ox oUR oWN coCnRn eoxmir.) PARIS, MoxDAY, Dxc. 7, e p.8 The journal La Presse is, as you are aware, suspended for two months for an article which was considered to be of a decidedly revolutiona chgracter. The manager of the Presse has sent round a circular to its subscribers, announcing the faot, and alo that its republication wlll be reed on the 4th of February nex. it Is mid that an Influential person tried to procure a reveral of th severe dedion, but without avaiL It is hardly necesary to say that the measue has produced a very bad effect on the public. A considerable numiber of persone engagdA in the printing-offices of the Presse are thus throwrn out of employment, and add to thoee who are already in the same condition. Notwithstanding many favourable appearances, trade in Pari s far from being in asatafactory state, while the number of workrmen thrown out of work ati Lyons and elsewhere showrs that in the provns matters are not much better. The progresalve dimninution of commercial bills of erefor discount at the Bank of France would show that credit is becomingmore difficult. The declinein commercial transactions in the departments would appear from the falling off in the receipts of the railway companies. But It is from the stagnation of the retail trade that we may judge of the unsatfactory condition of trade in genera!; In shops where not long since the recelpts were some thound frac5 a-day as any hundreds are not now received. The financal crisis Is not so great in France as elsewhere, owing to the extreme prudence with which commercial men havedonebusinew mince 1848, and confidence once so rudely shaken In the stability of politica institutions, with difficulty returns. Hitherto the merchants and tradesmen of Paris have met their engagements generally wlth punctuality; some anxiety, however, is felt for the 15th of the present month, when the commercial bills payable at the Bank of France are unusually heavy. The mercantile class invested their profitz during the last three prosperous years in public securities. They have now these investments to fall bak on, and this will, in a great measure, account for the decline in the price of publio aeourities at the Paris Bourse. While other branches of industry are dull, the manufacture of beetroot sugar in the north of France is progreming. There were but 129 manufactories at work three months since; there are now 151. The corn markets throughout France have been plentifully supplied during the last week, and the price of wheat has fallen f. the hectolitre. The best wheat has been offered in the Paris market at 28F£ and 29f. the 120 Idlogrammes; good quality, 27f. ; and inferior samples at 25f. a-nd 26S. fOc. At the Paris flour market on: Saturday the factors declared 4,328 sacks of first quality to be delivered within 30 days, at prices varying from 45f. to 53f. oOc. the sack of 157 Idlogrammes. Holders of flour ralsed thelr prices towards the -close of the market, in oonsequsence of a triflng rise in the markets in the neighliourhood of Paris, but there was no disposition on the part of buyers to accept those conditions. There was an active demand for rye of good quality at 19f. 50e. the 115 Isilogrammes; barley, 18f. the 100 Idlogrammes outside Paris; oats from Picardy of very superior quallty, from 29f. to 30f. the 150 kilogrammes. The following private telegrams have been received- 'ARA.s, Dec. 5-Market well supplied with wheat,and a fair demand, at from 17f. to 21f. the hectolitre " CHARTErs, Dec. 6.-Market wldl supplied, and much business tracted at an advance en wheat of 60 centimes the hectoitre. ' DIoJ1, Dec. 5.-1waret dulL Wheat offered at 22f. and 23f. the 100 kilogrammes. Flour, firt quiity, at 42f. the 125 kllogrammee " NArcrs, Deo. 5.-An abundance of flour, with lttle demand. " OnIANs.-An ordinary market, with a rise in wheat of 50c. the hectolitre. Accounts from Marseilles state that last week was remarkable for a continued fall in all kdnds of grain, and particularly in African wheat. Taganrog wheat is quoted at 36f. the 130 kilogrammes ; maize from Galatz at 22f.; oats from Odess, 17f. SOc. the 110 Idlogrammes; barley from the Levant at 13f. the 100 kilogrammes. Spun silk has again iallen at Lyons from 2f. to 6f. the kilogramme. Raw silk from China Is quoted at from 47f. to 62f., according to quality. There has been a fair share of business transacted at the wine. market of Bercy, with a slight reduction in prices. Macon wine of the last vintage is quoted at from 125f. to 140f. the cask of 212 litres; Bordeaux from 110f. to 150f. the cask of 228 litres; wine from the Cher, from 80f. to 105f. the 230 litres; Burgundy from 90f. to 110f. the 272 litres, There is but little business doing In the Bordelais, and prices are not well established. The following are the quotations-Entre-deux-Mers,wbite, 180E. to200f.the cask of 212 litres; Grasse, red, 300f. to 400.; Bergerao, ordinary, 380f. to 400f.; superior, 5501. to 6001.; St. Emilien, 1,000f. The vintage on the Rhine has exceeded all expectation, and prices are daily declining. There is no business doing in brandies. The Jtourma des Actionnaires has the following remarks on the financial situation of France:- " For our part, we must again congratulate ourselves on seeing that our country, up to the present time, has been 80 slightly affected by the disasters In America, England, and Germany. It may be now predlcted with certainty that France wil go through this severe trial without any catastrophe. M o have not a single failure to mention, and the 1st of December has passed off with remarkble facility as regards the payment of bills due at that perliod. The firmness of our situation Is proved by the reduction in the rate of discount by the Bank of France. Far from that neasure hAving affected the metallic reserve, the stock of specie has inoreasedduring the past weel. It is positively stated that the Bank has not lee than 216,000,000, and there is every reason to believe that the next return will present favourable results. The general reduction in the rate of discount is only a question of time, and, when it becomes possible, it will inevitably produce a considerable activity in bueiness In order to be convinced of this, It is only necessary to call to mind that, but for the financial thunderclap which suddenly uarst in the United States, the year 1857 would have been one of the most prosperous that could have been hoped for. Frnce, thankB to the abundant harvest which she has had, will have nothing to expend abroad; but, on the contrary, will from the surplus of exports have oonsiderable sums to recelve. The price of articles of food is every day declining. Al these elements of prosperity only Wait for the restoration of steadiness in other States todevelope themselvesand produce their natural consequences. We should even at present lock forward to a serious improvement, if the ordinary embarrassments at the end of the year were not superadded to the bad news from abroad. This state of things calls for great reserve on the part of speculators, and a degree of prudence which It is Important not to depart from." The screw transport Gironde, which has been ordered to Toulon to be fitted out for a long voyage, Is to taL- on board 500 rtillerymen and marineL conrov th m +i a pa co vey rie to whmna, and plac them at the disposal of Admiral Rigault de GenouMy, at present commanding the French squadron off Canton. Thirty-three political prisoners were embarked on the 1st inst. at Belleile In the ship-of-war Tanger, Captain Bolzza, to be transported to Corsia. Their n es are Blanqul Bo;hot Bonnabrit, Barbot, Boisean, Glle abrat, L nin, Gerard, Jaub, Mat, MKoreau, Sa&al TUaenne V lnchon, Com mishe, Cop not, efer Duferlx, Delecluze,- Gam bau, Juenet,Lux, d, d Moron, Mouchirond, De lnadsiae Rosa l, R soger, Seigneurgens, Lignon, Bonnaric 01 The TChree per Vent., clsed to-da at 66f. 15o. .ex. dividend for the end of the monoth, and the Four- and-a-H al per Cents, t 91 f. 5c.; Oreand e alw ay shares, 1,291: 25o:.; Great Northern, 89f; Stra- burg, 655f.; Paris to Lyons and the Medlterra nemn, M801.; Western of Franoe, 647f. Bor.-ordeaux and Cette, 520f. ; Great Central of Iranc 615f.; Lyons and Geneva, 616.; Bank of ditb Mobilier, 700f.; Austranaiw ys, 666.; Roman Railways, 475f.; Ru&sanRailways, 49f.25. ow I rvfit qw, r , Dec. 7.--.sh Pries.- Pour-and-a-Half per et., 83t. 7 6c.; ditto (not rimbur able for 10 year, 91f. SOc. 40e.; Thr4e per Cents, 661. 65f. 85c. 66!. ; Bank of FrAn 300l. 312Sf. ; ditt (5. paid), 5,100 t. 5,12Df.; C Foneer z, 535.; dittoo, ig0 tiona of 5001., PFour per Cents., 426f. 256. 425f. 426f. 2:3-t; ditto, Three per Cenb&, 402f. S0o. 400f.; ditto, Tentbs, Four per Cents, R2f. 50c.; ditto, Tnt, Three frCents. 80f.; Crtdit Mobiller, 695!. 700f. 697f. 50O. 705f. '110f. 705. 702f. 50b. 700f. 690f. 700L. 7065L; Discount Bank, 670f.; Pledmontwee Five per Centa, 87f. 60. * ditto, Three per Cents., 63f.; AustnFive CentF , 88i; iel Fouranda-Half per Cents., 96k Ronans, 84; Sph Three per Cents, Interlor Debt, 37. Exehnge on LeMon, t sght, paper. 25f. 40X.; money, 2U. S50. te month paper, 24f. 75.; money, 24 70. BELGIUM The Bdgiai Moniteuw contais the following article:- "The policy of the Cabinet is attacked with an extreme violenoe, and incriminated with a marked want of good faith in several of the Opposition journal, and ix electoral manifedsoes the writers of which pretend that they repre unt the party of order and moderation. The Cabinet would think it right to allowr these acustions and attcks te3 fall on themslves as long as they confined them. selves to general terms; but It cannot keep silence 'with respect to the projeots which are faleely attributed to It. Ia conequenoe we are bound to dechre that It is totally false that the Government thinks of any augmentation in the taxeo. It is with an equal malevolenee that an attempt is made to alarm industra interest by attnraiting to the Government the intention of throwing ihe economical system into perturbation,. and, the hogwlo sentiments assigned to the Cablnet in what conoerna relHgion and Its minisers have a still more odious character. The Cabinet energticallyrejects such ininuation& In orderto agitate and disturb the electoral o even the foreig4 relations of the country are plAced in suspicion. 'That, however, in a manewuvre which a1 honest pres ought to abetain from. The truth is that the Government receives from all the Powenathe mot complete tesimonies of goodwill and of confidence Incriminting the sentiments and prudence of the country, malevolent persons also endeavour to caue It to be believed that order and calm will not prevail in the elections. We do not hesitate to affi9rm that events 'wll prove these anticlpations to bo completely In the wrong. In spite of the odious eitstions and provocations of Its adversaries, the Government is firmly oonvinoed that the electoral operations will take plce everywhere with order and dignity, and that the results, whatever they may be, will be recelved with deference and respect." AUSTRIA. (=N0 OuR OWN OORX5FONDENT.) VIENNA, Dxc. 5. Italy being the Achilles' heel of Austria, she is excessvely jealoux of foreign interference in the lnternal affairs of her southern neighbours. She sees with displeasure that England and France continue to " persecute" that amiable and benevolent Monarch the King of Naples, and she also-being a remarkably consistent Power-strongly disapproves their policy towards the Papal See. Not ionR since the professional politicians 1n this CitY affErmed that Roman Catholic France had more right to interfere in the internal affairs of Rome than Pro. testant England, but recently they have changed their tone. It would appear that the Frenoh Cabinet has recently given umbrage to this Governmnt by offering to intervene between Austria and Rome on the one side, and the canton of Tessin on the other. As is well-known, a part of the above-mentioned canton is under the spiritual jurisdiction of the Archiepiscopal See of Milan, and the French Government, In order to increase lts popuLarity in Switzerland, is willing 4" to urge the Papal See (de peser s4r 7a COmew de Rome) to make such changes as may appea to the Swis Confederation to be necessary and desirable." The Ost-Deutsche Post makes the followring chazacteristic reflections on the subjectc e "We are well aoquainted with such phrame s atht quoted. Fran1e wanta to meddle in a matter which in no way conoezes her. However hlvely the diplomatic corzespondence may be between Austria and the Swins Confederation in reference to Tessin, the question Is not likely to assume such dimensions as did that of OeuchAteL The offer of Prance to mediate was probably caused by her wish to accustom Switzerland to look up to her as a protector in all international questions." The offioial Giornale di Roma contradicts the statement that the surplus revenue of the Autrian convents is to be employed for the benefit of the Papal See. It is possible that no direct claim has been made by Rome on the monastic establiBhments in Austria, but it is an undeniable fact that His Holiness, in one of his more recent allocutions, declared it to be the bounden duty of the wealthy convents to contribute to the "glo2ifieation"' of the Papal See. A better orgaized and disciplined arty than the Ultramontane Is not to be found In urope, and the truth of this remark the Belans may find to their cost, if they are not on their guard. It is known here that the lower clergy have received secret instructions from their superiors how to act during the elections, and the FranifMort Toumal learns from its Brussels correspondent that they are in substance as follows :-On the day of election each priest is to accompany his parishioners to the "electoral urn," and to take care that they hold no kind of communication with the Liberal party. Just before operations commence each individual is to receive his "voting ticket," which is to be folded In a peculiar way, so that the priest, who is to stand close to the urn, may be able to see that no other ticket is substituted for it. After the elections are over the priests have to take their flocks back to their respective villages, "and to see that they are well entertained at the expense of the clerical candidates." It is generaUly believed here that the Roman Catholic hierarchy is so well content with its successful crusade against the press that it is reposing on its laurels; but such is not the csue. A protest is about to be made by the Bishops against the educational system which the Minister of Public Instruction two or three years ago Introduced into the gymnasial schools and University. The system was to be tried for a certain period, and, as it is almost at an end, the prelates are resolved that it shall either be greatly modified or altogether set aside. As long as they required his services the Jesuits were loud in their praises of Count Leo Thun, but they now wish to see a priest in his place, and consequently loudly decry his measures. The lemon has been squeezed until it is dry, and, in all probability, it 'will soon be cast aside. The Duke of Modena has shown his sympathy for the Ultramontane party by ordering the remission of the import stamp (10 cents. per copy) on the Sardinian Cattolico and A'rmoni , and on the Austrian Bilanoia and Sferza. The four papers mentioned are the organs of the Jesuits in Italy, and it is whispered that the last two will either receive pecuniary assistance or have the outlay for the stamp allowed them by this Government. I am assured that in the educational establishments which are in the hands of the Jesuits marvellously little notice is taken of the ordinances of the Minister of Public Instruction. TheJesuit seminaries are all well filled, and In general the scholars are members of the oldest and best of the aristoctatic families. The official Gazrzetta di Verona saysthat there is very great depression in Lombardy, and a total stagnation of trade. The price of silk has fallen above 50 per cent., "and things are likely to be still worse when this year's produce is brought into the mar. ket." Several houses suspended their payments on the 1st of December, and one of the first firms in Milan would also have been obliged to do so If it had not had most efficient asistance. Duringthe last few cays there have been no bankrupties herre, but several firms have suffered severe loDses during the present monetary and commercial crisis. Aordmg to the Oesterrichische Zeitumj, the rise in the premium on precious metals Is not a sign that the Austrian currency has deteriorated. The non-official organ of the Finance Department would fain persuade its readers that the great advance in the price of gold and silver is a natural consequence of the prevalent crlsis, but some ex- perienced financiers shake their heads, and declare that Baron Bruck committed a mistake when he consented to leave the rate of discount of the Bank at 5 per cent. PRUSSIA. (rnozm oUR own couxxsPonDINT.) BERULN, Dzc. 6. Last Thursday it became- my sad duty to an. nounce to the world of art in England that Rauch had that day departed this life in Dresden. His remains were conducted yesterday afternoon 'with all possible evidences of respect for his memory, to the terminus of the Anhalt Railway, and thence convoyed hither, where they were reclved with equal testimonies of affection, and regret by all the members of the Berlin Academy of Arts a embled at the station. To-day the bod is laid out to public view in his nlelier in the theeectors of Ba denburg),antd will b ae bured o to morrow wfith every manifestation of. grief for his loss that a circle of private friends as nu- meroiis neaiy as that 'of 'te admirers of his works can offer. Warm a the admirtiom in tut Rach's'works inspire, no less so was the love that 'all who knw the wculptor bore him as aman. As I have already mentlo,ed a , myfoiner letter, Rauch had proceeded to .Dredenr t the bojinning of October for the purpose of being operated on for the atone, but the strength that had hitherto so wonderfully eupported himx aeeied to have been impaired by the journeying about, and the medical men declined the respons1bllity. of attempting the OperAtion under these di3couraging circumistances. Ever aince November 20 his stat;e has been looked on, as one admitting of no hops, considering his advanced age, buts contrary to sll expectation, shortly before his death he recovered from the state of iiisensibility in which he had lain a long time, rose from his bed, had himself dreesed, and announced his intention of returnhig at once to his atdier, which he had alwa a called his home. This audden flickering out of the fiame of departing life lasted, ho*ever, but a brief ipace; a state of insensibility even from pain.then.ensued for two days, at the end of which he died mly and painleldy early in the morning of Thuy t. In anothei month Raucb would have econleted' hi* Slat year, having been boin the 2d of JTiuity, 17T; and whewhla 80th b,yhwaaceelebjaid.t the beginnig of thbmear,aZi nformainymonths previousy, his tall, erect figure, his-healthy com,pisrion, and the fire of his eye, aeemed :to promiea long continuance of a career dmost unexampled in ,ita duration, and in. the fortiunate coinscidenceof .ezternal circ,umstance th,at fav.oue the devel9pp ment of tho genius withiin-hi.' He-waa'bornin the 'Principality of Waldeck, the birthplc so of Drake, the sculptor, and Kaul bach thepinter. Of hisyouthit is only klown that axshis pentmwerejisd3igentbis home presented butfewattrai tonsoroppor. tunities for cultivating his talent'for plato arts which early showed itself. In obedenceto an inward impulsdi the youth:removed to Case where he was residing, and receiving inatrietion in modelling at the hands of a very' mediocre- u1lptor 'named -Rubl, when' the death of a bkotheri who occupied some very' subordinate pouitlonin the Royal Palacehere,'ledhim to Berlin, with'a levWto his taking possession of hlis brother' effecls' Christian Rauch, thei a' young man of 20 yeArs'of age, aud posessed of great personl beauty,which he retained till the time' of his death, ws glad enough to avail himself of the permisson to occupy the poet of a Royal lacquey, vacated by the death of his brother, but did not cease to cultivate in secret the talent of which he was conscious. it was while he was thus occupled in a menial 'capacity In the vicinity of the Royal couple that the sculptor Schadow received a commission to execute a bust of Queen Louisa, a woman as remarkable for her personal beauty as for the endearing qualities of her heart and mind; to this task Rauch lo set himself, availing himself of his frequent opportunities of seeing the Queen in every variety of attitude and expression, Tradition relates a story of the Queen having surprised Rauch at his work, by suddenly leaving the table where she had been. seated and entering the antechamber, where he was asslduously communicating to wax 'the fetures he had been takingoccaalonalgliunpsesof through the door of communicatlon. Be that as it may, the bust which he susequently modelled in clay of the Queen was brought to the view of their Majesties, and by the patronagewhich it procured him at their hands he was enabled to study for a time in the atelier of Schadow, where he made the most satisfactory progress. By Bpecial intervention of the Queen he was subsequently furnished with mean to proceed to Dresden, where he devoted himself to the study of the Mengs collection of plaster casts from the antique, then the most remarkable In the world, and which has subsequently been incorporated with the Royal Museum of that place. It was inthis gallery, where the introduction to the knowledge of the clasi beauty of bygone times opened up to him a new world, that 13auch spent alBo' the last days of his artistio life, recalling with dehght as a veteran the first Impreslona he had received there as a tyro some 60 yearsbefore. In 1804 he found mean to proceed to Rtome, where he made the acquaintance of Thorwaldsen and Cauova; r and underthe patronage of Wilhelm von Humboldt, then Prussian Minster there, executed the first of a long series of succeasful works, which in 1811 procured him an Invitation to Berlin on the part of the King to design a mausoleumfor the Queen, who h4d in the meantime died. 'Under the influence of the deep, warm feelings of aftfection and gratitude4 whieh bound him to the memory of Queen 'Louisa, to whose patronage he was indebted for -ao much, he submitted adesign, which was found to excel those of all other competitors; and in 1814 he deposited that beautiful statue of the Queen in the mausoleum at Charlottenburg, which he had commencel in Carrara and finished in Rome. It cannot be too highly prized as a most fortunate providence in Rauch's life that he' left Prussia before the period of its fall and misery, and did not retura to it until the spirit of the nation was developing those manly traits which led to thsuccessful issue of the war of liberation; it is, perhaps, to this most fortunate circumstance that he was indebted for the preservationof that manly,noble,firmstyle inhiscom positions which elevates himabove so manyothers. Ia the period immediately succeeding the completion of the Queen's monumaent he produced the two marble statues of Bulow and Scharnhorst that adorn tha King's Guard-house, opposlte the Opera-house here; these were succeeded by the bronze statue of Blucher, opposite to those at the side of the Operahouse. These are all so well known to so many of your readers that I need not enter into any description of them. In the ten yeas' period from 1814 to 1824 Rauch had, in addition to the abovementioned works, and with his own hand, completed more than 70 busts in marble (20 of which were colossal), as well as the model for the monument on the Kreuzberg, outside of Berlin. After this period his works were almost exclusively colossal, and, with few exceptions, monumental; as illustrative of various persons and epochs ia German history, they are scattered over the whole, country, and are to be found for the most part on the sites of the events they are intended to commemorate. The only one of this monumental class I need mention Is the work which closed that period, the monument of King FrederickWllliamIIL, which now lies side by side with that of Queen Louisa In the mausoleum at Oharlottenburg. It was during this perlod that he also produced the sit colossal figures of Victory for the WalblIla, and a Naiad for the Emperor of Rusda; these are his most sucocesful and almost his only works in the region of ideal sculpture. From 1840, the year in which the present King mounted the throne, till 1852, Rauch's time wai almost exclusively devoted to the colossal eque3trian statue of Frederick the Great, which nowf stands opposite the Prince of Prussia?s Palace, and con: tributes to make the promenade from the Brandenburger Thor, 'Irnter den Linden, dow to the Schloss, with the eight groups; of white marble on the Schios, Bruceke, one of the richest out-door exhibitions of classc art to be found in the world. To those who may not know this chef-c'oauvre of art any feeble attempt of mine to characterize it within the space of a few lines would be useless. To those to whom it is known it is unnecesary. Since the completion of that splendid pile in 1852 Ranch has added the bronze statues of Gneisenau and Yorck to that of Bl6cher, their comrade In the iar of lIberation, by whose side they now stand; and, in addition to a variety of other works of less consequence, has found time to complete a group of hoses, supported by. Aaron and Hurw who are holding up his hands on which the issue of the battle fought by Joshua with the Amalekites depended. This last work of hisjs by many connoisseurs considered his highest performance In that branch of a It has seldom fallen to the lot of a man of genius to attain such complete and undisputed succeas and high reputation as Ranch did, to live so long ia the continued enjoyment of heallth, to see his greatest works entirely completed, and to reap all the honour and reward that universal homage to his genius and general love and admiration for his qualities in private life were calculated to inspire. HAlBURG. (FROM OUn G ooOxn XONDn.) TAMBURG, DxC. 6. The Assembly of the Hereditary Freehold Burghers continued their discussion on the queo' ion of the grant of 30 millions up to 8 o'clock last evening, withoat having come to any defite conclusion. The majority isIn favour of granting the sum demanded, under the present circumstances, but as the Board of Commerce is desrous of having bank-notes placed in general circulation, to be givexz out by the State la. payment of any bills of exchange that may be a 'roved by the Commission of thb StateiDbount td, the Senatosas -ra- - jected the propoal of the Board of. Commerca,. aud will only grant-payment.through the medium of Exchequer-bills of 1,OO marks each, bearing intereat of .6.27-32 per 'cent. Adnuilly,or at the rate of S3 xchilliDgs upon each waraxt of 1,000 markrs daily, and repayable at certain fixed periods, as ahall be .determuned upon. The pary in favour of the senatorial plan e:-' ,reaed their fears that any other mode, and especiaUy thbe missu of oclatin banco notes.upon a par with the Bank of Engiand and other similar establisah,meuts,wo.uld cause tho withdrawal of silver from the Balnk, and thereby materially injure the real -b.asis of .the credit of the States. These arguments were, however, -combated by men of great etpe'rience, and a final decision was therefore delayed Luntil:the further determintion of the Senate should boe known. The. latter wrere to meet the commidson :at 8, o'clock this morning, and make its decision known to the deputation, after which the burghers wil again auemble'at 2 o'clock. The general feeling among the merchants and tradespeople in in fayour of bancoo-not circiuation, and nothing less than such a plan will be of any avail, in restoring any degree oI confidence in- thi .ince my last commumniation 16 niore ho'uses have stopped, i3akIng 41 firms withii the last three days. Among-them are, however two who have resumed their payments,-thit is Mesrs. Maltzenbecker Sohne; and Grohemann and Kaiiger. The conimisaion will propose for the final adoption of i the Assembly some further plan, .which will be entertained by them th1 day, and lard before the Senate. The principal desire is now the establishment-of a Governent discount office, and the issue of bancoI notes in payment of blls; and it is assertd on 'Change that nothing Iesm will remove the mistrust, on all sides hourly increasing. The' proped P lan of a respite of one morth, or L even 14 days, onbills due, ham not been entertained after all; therefore, psy or stop is the order of the day. The fo}lowing are the latest telegrams from Ham-l burg:- HAMBURG, Dzo. 6. - TIn its second sitting the Bourgeoisie accepted the propositions of: the Senate, consequently there will not be a forced circulation of new-notes. A further sum of 15,000,000 marks has been placed at the disposal of commerce, the firt 15 havigbeeng absorbed. SUNDAY EVEIn5G. "The Bourgeoisie has decided that 15,000,000 marks banco shall be granted to the Discount Bank. The State will to-morrow deposit at the Bank railway shares of the Berlin and Iamburg and Hamburg1 to Bergdorf lines to the amount of 5,000,000. The Bank will open an account with -the Treasury for those sh , and will to-morrow maLe discounts to the amount of 5,000,000. Negotiations are on foot by the State to borrow 10 other millions of marks banco In specie, which will also be placed in the Discount Bank. The proposd for the issue of notes has been totally abandoned. " The Senate of Lubeck hab suspended Art. 29 of tb- law on bils of exchange. The notes of the private Lubeck Bank are to be taken at the public offices." The German papers publish the following list of those Hlamburg and AltonA firms which suspended their paymentB before the 2d of December :- D. Arnow, Altona; F. 0. Bahre; Barbeck and WaIl, Altona; Barweaser and Co.; Berger's Nachfolger; Blasu and Schomburgh; Boas and Richter; Brfnstedt and Co.; Buse and Halste; Cordes and Gronemeyer; Custer, Brunswig, and Co.; Eachels, Altona; August Feddersen and Co.; John Gowa, E. Grinn; J. F. Gros; Hansen and Johasen; Levi Herz and Son; J. F. Hlnck; J. M. S. Hoffmann; Huber and Haupt; Eugher Stobart and Co.; HIiUse and Co.; J. C. Jacoby and Son; J. P. N. Jahncke ; E. J. Johns Sffhne; Gebr. Kalkmann G. Krafft; J. P. langmack; Von Leesen and Co.; J. Lomer and Co.; L. F. Iorent am Ende and Co.; P. E. Meyer; P. A. Milberg; Miller and Kessler; H1. Ottenstrom and co.; J. and W. Peters; E. F. Pinckernelle; Prale and Wubbe; W. Ree; Ralmarius Nachfolger; J. J. Riemenschneider; B. Roosen, jun.; Gebr. Ruben; Schmidt, Son; Th. Schmidt; Anton Schroeder; 0. X Schroeder and Co. ; J. C. Schultze; W: Seits; Steveking and Co.; J, B. Spengel; L. Steenfadt; Thiel and Co.; Ullberc 'and Cramer; Vogt aand Schmidt; Wagener, a. Enet.; Conrad Warneke; J. C. Wedeldnd, Altona; Weisaflog and Cordes; Wettern Manke &achfolger; Winckier and Nagal; Winterhoff and Piper; Vitte and Kammel; Zahn and Vii6. SPAIN. The Maadrid journals of the 3d have reached us. The Espana states that the following were nearly the terms of the telegraphic despatch by which Queen Chiistina replied from Paris to the Queen's announcement of the birth of a son:- "My dearest Daughter,-Blessed be God, and may He long preserve the grandchild whom He has given me for your fellcity and for that of Spain. I will *rrange to obtain dl'cot news of your health. I hope it will be good, and I pray Qod for your vwellbeing and for that of your son and his Siteh Saltation to your husband, and receive the blessing of your mother." The Duke and Duchess de Montpensier caused 12,000 reals to be distributed among the charitable associations at Seville on occasion of the birth of the Prince. The Countess de Buena Esperanza was, s"ys the Bpoca, to be appointed principal attendant to the Royal child. Among the personages of distinction whose names figure in the register of the Prince's birth as present when the Royal child was brought from the Queen's chamber are the Duchess Dowager de Berwlck y de Aba, mgther of the Duke of Alba, and the Countess de Montijo, mother of the Empreas Eugenie, both ladies of the Queen's chamber. The Gazette publishes addresses of congratulation and devotion to the Queen from the Supreme Tribunal of Justice, and from several Civil Governors of provinces. The works of the Northern Railway are advancing with extraordinary activity, 6,000 men being employed on them.
ADDITIONAiL AILS TO INDIA. Commencing with January next, the mails for the Buat indies and China, transmitted vid Marseilles, will be despatched from London as follows-viz., those Intended for the Bombay packets on the evenings of the 2d nnd 17th of each month; and those Intended for the Calcutta poakets (including the mails for Ceylon, Madras, and China), on the evenings of the 9th and 15'th of each month, as already announced. The Bombay packets will also cary letters for CaloutLa and Madras, to be forwardoed from Bombay by the Inlaud posts; and It is expected that they will reaoh their destination some days in advance of the letters sent by the next Calcutta packet. The packets from Southampton will continue to run in connexion with the Calcutta line; and mails vid Southampton for CWloutta, Ceylon, Madras, and China will be made up in London, as at present, on the mornings of the 4th and 20th of each month. For Bombay, mails Wi4 Southampton will be forwarded by the above packets, as werl as by the Autralian packets (the malls for which are made up in London on the morning of thel2th of each month), asfar as Egypt, where they will await the departure of the next packet for Bombay. The following table shows the several dates upon whioh the malls for India will be despatched from London both by the route of Marseilles and by that of Southampton:- Date ot Despatch from london.I vid MarvelUliez vi t DetIoUaton _ __,g of __ o_ 42th i ba.- soth Bo.Y. 0" &t~ O. i = Oaotak,. Id When the 4th, 12kh, or 20th of the month falls on & Sunday the mails will be made up on the prevlous evening, and when the 2d, 9th, 17th, or 25th of the month fallg on a Sunday the mails will be made up on the followin& evening. Tho homeward malls will, in like manner, leave Calcutta and Mareas four times a month, and at nearly equal Intervals, being despatched twice by pwket to Saez, as at present, and twice vid Bombay.. The malls from Bombay will leave that port on the 9 h and 24th, aud the portion brought vi 3iarseilles wlll be due In London about the 4th and 19th of each month. The portion -brought -vi4 Southampton will come from Alexandria by the first mail packet, Indian or Australan ,avlng that port for Southampton after their arrival. By command of the Pcetmater (enra ROWLANID HILI4 Secretary. Geueral Post-office, Dec. 5.
BAIL WAY ANJD MINING BHARB& - Tusa Evnig The railway-market l,as been dull, and generally left off 'with little variation. London ad NorthWestekn' receded on sales; the mailket having been moze extensively supplied with this to-k than with other descriptions, the late purchases of the public have exercised a proportionately- less effet. Great Northem also relaoed from yesterday's advance. Csyiadian shares were alightly flatter. Indian continue quiet, Madrs, however, being heavy, notwithtan ding the present lo w price,wrhea compared with other similarly g,uar,anteed llnes. French shares closed generally about the same, x. cept Southern of France, which declined 5s. from the unfavourab)e nature of the 'traffic returns. American securities were in little demand and show no alteration. Canada Government Bonds w5!e in request, in anticipation of thedividend payable next month. No transactions were marked in British mines; in foreign Cobre Gopper and St. John del Boy receded from being preied for sale. Joint-stock banks werer rather actively dealt in, bait the highest prices were notfully inintamned. In miscellaneous securities the chief feature was sn improvement of 6s in 13ngli and Australian Conner.
2RADE REPORT. Tauesday Evening. SUGAR.-TheZe were numerons sales of sugar to-day -viz., 800 hogsheads West India and 6,382 bass of various kids, about alf of which only was disposed of. The market on the whole is flat, and lower prices bAve been sub. mitted to, particularly for the Inferlor kdnds, which are 6d. to Is. cheaper. The foUlowing are the artloulars -Mauritius, 5,086 bags,-Tery low wet black, 2as. to 23. low to goodorown, 29Y. to 32. 6d.; low to good yellow, 35s to 7s.; fine strong gray, 40s. to 40s 6d. Date, 507 bags,brown, 29s. to 3g Benares, 171 bags,-good white, 49. 6d. to bls. Native Madras, 528 bags,-brown, 30g. to 32s. ; Uow, 34. per cwt. 1,131 hogsheeds of West India have M slmudlng thoee at publio ale. BarWbdoes at 37s. to 403, low to good gray; low to fine yellow, 37s, 6d. to 45s. 6d. Jamalca,-brown, 36s. to 37sL low to good mld. dlng yeUow, 38g. to 40s. Crystalized Demerara,-low to good brown, 40s. to44s.; lowgrey, 45. to46s; low to good yellow, 47.. to 49s. Sd. CoFrE-214 cask; and 200 barrels and bags Plantation Ceylon met a very slow ale at previous rates-57s. to 64s. for fne fine ordinary gray to middling bold dltto; 665 bags Bah, chiefly damaged, were withdrawn, but sube. quently disposed of. Late this evening a floating eargo of 5,000 bags Brazil ooffee was sold. RiCm-Trifling sales continue to be made at moderate price Of 500 bags rico flour, of good quality, at auction, a portion was disposed of at 13s. per owt. SALTRxrw.-There are no sales to report. COCINXA1-Of 186 bag0 offered In publio sale about two-thirds sold, low qualities of Honduras at fully previous rates, t}e better sorts a shadeoder. Teneriffe 14sdeclined 2d. to Sd. per lb. The prioes raged as follows:-131 ba HIonduras silver, low to middUlIng, 3. 3d. to 3. 9d. * 2 begs Tenerlffe silver, lowrto good, 31h d. to 5.. 7d.;ana 13 ba1gS ditto black, lowr to good, 3s. 9d. to 4,, per lb. T&u;owr-The market has been flat at 51s. 6d. on the ,5al the year; hs. S. January to March; and I}Anig A2s D HlDxs.-Thcre was only a limited suppl of fresh goods at ledenha toda. A moderat demana prevailed for nearly all khids,perttularly crops, ligaht shaved hides, and heavy ddins. No chang ha3 occurred in other articles, and pricesgepneralyremain as last week The raw hide marketwas rather dull, at a further decline of ls. to 23. per hide.
AAZLW.NTRLL1je& -. .:,. I LWNDO i POUTi-WESTERN. -£9VJUIb OL inS6 OIrectors of this company etatek that ~1hey-ha.ve caledthe a,bareholgjers togg,ther for the purpose of explaiigtha objects for whtic itap,pearfto them nemrs,ory that tbe company shouldapply for tbe sanction ot ParliamentL Thee obje are not such as will im,volve any * eo~sierale ±~edstre.At he tinme the agreemnent wt l,he Wimbleldon, and Epsoma Company wag concluded the atandingorders of Parliament would not Rdmit that elaurse OV1ing azrlamentar%octioa to the arrange3ments should ve in6eted in their I1. It has therefore become necessary a,hat'xuchautiority thould be obtained as now proposed. ' Another necesary object is the cquisition of powers to con-tlude the stangemtnts of lease suede with the Salisbury and Yeovil Ralay ompauy. The aon-wcompletion of the - lease has alreadv occasioned inconvenience to this company; tho directors, theretfore, recommend that the obtaining of these necesesay powers sh6uld be no longer delayed. The Uext obs are those in connexion with the Yeovil and 3 txtensiQn LM, noW in course of construction-ViZ the acqrding compulsory powers over some additional land at Exeter; the oermiss1on to alter the sanctioned levels of the lne at certain points, and to build certain bridges and ;arc1iwas of less tha the present statutory width, and the' oonstruction ~of-& short~ branch to Topeham. The proposed ct toO Topehamn Is a work which the directors recommend as one which will materially aid the traic on the 'Exeter Extenalon line. Topshams is oa the deep water of the Exe, ma is the best port for a considerable arEt of the country which is traversed by the Yeovil and Eer Extenson line. The expense of constructing the proposed branchb'wi,l not exceed 50,0001. It will not he necesary to raise- the capital at presentS but t is desmrble that the object be not ostponed. The directors recinnmend that the intended Bill should comprise powers fbr constructint the bIsanch from a point in the main line froin YeooU to Exeter to Topsham,tZrminating on the shore of the Exe there, and joining near Topsham with the line to Bxmouth;and also provisions for authorizing working end other Lke atiangements with the latter undertaking. Amother object. of the Bill is to authorize an improved junctloa between the main line at Northam, near oMthT ampton, and the Southampton and Dorohester liie; By this measns a considerable savng in time can be eficted in the wroring of any through trins to Dorchester and Wey. mouth, It is intended alBO to Insert in the Bill powers for pUurcae, by compulsion or agreement, of several small parcels of land adjoining the line at various points for the purpose of Improvred statoa accommodation. SOUTH-EASBTERN. The gros traO zecelpts on this line for the four weeks ending the 21st of November amounted to 70,5271., deductIng 1,.775. for collecting and delivering goods, leavii 68,7521 To this is added 1,61.01. for rents and sadrie and 3.17O1. for seamprcket service, making t%ether 73,6321. Fromu this Is deducted 36,5261. expeniiture, Including rate txe, &c, leaving a balance of 37,0001. The reecipa for the 16 wveeks ending the 21st of November amouted to 370^,45U,., and the expenditure, incluing rates, haxes tolls, GBovernment duty, and expense od steam. packet service, to 15,8831., leaving a balance of 223,5711. CRYSTAL PALACE. An adjonrned meetin of shareholders holding 100 share and upwakrds each in this comupany was held yesterday at the Locndon Tavern to receive a report from a select committee. At the request of the meeting Mr. S. hI Sotheby took the Mr. Dx&xR, the secretary to the committe, read the mninute of the lmant eeting, which were confirmed. He then read the report, an abstract of which appeared in 27ie Time. of Monday. The Cnzin4nura In moving that the report be received and adopted, said be regretted that Mr. W. Addlscott, who ha been appointed a member of the committee, had retred after their first meeting. They very much regretted that Mr. Addiscott had retired, as I ad made many valuable suggestlons. He wished it to be understood that the meeting had not been called from iny hostilty to the directors; on the contrary, their object was to assist the directors in every way they could to bring the coinpeny out of its diffculties. The reason Mr. Oliveira had sent out circulars to the holdeza of 100 shares and lip. wards only was not out of disrespect to those who held a less numberof shae, but, it being necessaryto drawthe llne somewhere, the holdersof that numberwereeelected. et1mnately hetru*edthat copiesof the reportandsoforthwobld besentto everyshareholderwhensomething definite was fixed upon. Theyhad taken a portion from each plna submitted and with regard to Mfr. ibller's plans he (the chairmn thought favourably of some of them, particularly that of reducing the number of original shares by the islue of life tickets. He thought they should give Mr. FuUer the credit of having proposed the plan in the first instnce should it be adopted. He (the Chairman) proposed that they should receve the report, and appoint a deputation to convey it to the directors, and Lconfer with them on the subject. Mr SRaTH seconded the motion for the adoption of the re ort W.r, WIISox objected to the reception of the report, as ho did not agree with some of the details recommended by the committee. Mr. CAXcN' wished to know -whether the committee were unanimous in their recommendations in the report. The Ct 7iRAs1 said the committee were nearly unanimous. Of course, there were some differences of opinion, but after a good deal of discussion and conaideration they a.reed to the report which they now submitted. They ha-d received no communication from the directors, but he had received a, note fronm Mr. Farquhar which he would read to the meeting. M.r. WIlsox agreed with the commnittee that the directors' scheme forraising 250,0001. was the best and the only ta. gble scheme for relieving the company from its difficulties. The great object was to sow that those who subscribed for the debenture stock would have full security for their money in realizable property. After some further observations the report was received and adopted. Mr. HoBSLEy proposed a, resolution to the effect that a deputation be appointed to convey the report of the committee to the directors and to confer with them on any part of the report the meeting mnay consider desirable. hlr. Wasoy seconded the motion, and it was carried. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Sotheby, Horsley, Wilson, Fuller, Harker, Laurie, and Buckley, was appointed to wait on the directors and confer with them on matters contined in the report of the committee. The ( nI s reed a letter he had received from Mr. Farquhar, stating that the directozs were glad to hear that the committee approvod their plan for raising 250,000t. at 6 per cent., and that the shareholders should subscribe the rmoney. It appeared that under the resolution of the shareholders creating the debenture stock on the 30th jof July last only the sum of 30,700L was subscribed, and that it was requisite to obtain subscriptions immediately forl20,000h. of it, iavabl in four Inma.ents in February,hLay, August, and November, 1858; the stock to bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum,, taking precedence of the 7 per cent, preferen ce stock. The CH.an^srAN would not consent to any forfeitures of their subscriptions. It might so happen that a man subscribing for 1000 of the stock might find it impossible to pay up more than 750l., and under tho scheme proposed by the directors the whole would be forfeited to the company. If the directors would forego that pArt of their scheme he believed the whole of the money required would be forthcoming. He would at once put down his name for 1,L000 on conditlon that the recommendatlon in the report on that sabject he adopted by the directors. The committee then headed a subscription for the new stock on the conditions stipulated by them, and it was aso idgned by some of the shareholders present. The meeting then separated. -- TRAFiC RETURNS. Mies PFaa Mer- Total. Toal, Ralwaje oeu scnr hnie 1557. 1556. Week endig NoT. 29. W1De&Iij.1.. * *- - *- . * 459 .. 607 Week edingl Dec. B. Glasow and outh-Westetn - MU ,, .. %161 Week sendnDe.6 Ivo~,t,, deu De- 6.. .-. .. 2,2A4 3. ,979 Great aunedrbo. ; . ; ; 7S ; = - *... I;O.l 706 lfendal snd Windesmee .. 63 53 116 16 3
SHoiooIG iinr.-On Saturday afternoon week, a very interesoing young lady, about 20, arrived at Folkwtone by the 4 P. Q express train from London, in a state of helplessness and speechless, havlng been placed in the carriage in that sta ab London-bridge, as was ascer. tainedirom the guard, by some person vwho gave him a sovereign to procure any refreshment she might require on the journey. She remained in the waiting room at the sta tion, ,.a partook of sorae tea. A few minutes before tha departure of the boat sho wAs taken on board by one of tho harbour policemen, under the directiorn, as we understand, of the hirbour matter, and placed ia the ladies cabin, roceioing every attention from the captain and those on board, hut neither spoko iormioved durng the passage, Onlthe arrival of the boat at Boulogne she was taken on shore and carried to the. Fot6t de I?aris. Dr. Scott and another gentleman, w6re. immediately summoned, who considered her dying,and truIy, for she gradually sank and expired on Sunday night, everything having been done that could be. Disgusting to relate, on undresdng her, a large label was found famtened to her dress, as if she were a bale of goods and in her purse, which contained 7L (and which was also fasteteid(nside.her diess) was a piece of paper, affording $l9o onl cIus s to who or what she was, and her de8tinatfon. routibha it'aeeme that sho had been a governess at a*rs. Corre'e, somewlifrIn London, that her salary wAs piai ip to the 6th December, and that she wws going to her brother-in-Iaw.in Amiens. On the discovery a telegraphic dupatch was Immediately sent to her friends, who arrnved on 5unday, but too lato for her to recognize them, -Rentish Gazc.
VICE-CHAGCELLORS' COURTS, Dzc. 8. LORD V. COLVlN. (Ifor YMce.AanceUor Sir R. T. K1nElRTmT.1 .Ini, case still 0cuclea the Court. The Attornoy.( e. ral, Mr. Anderson, M. . F Smith, andl Mr. Glffrvhv been heard on behalf of the plaintiffs;- Mr.'Cairns, Mr. -W. Maul,, and. Mr. Jackson, on behal of the defeudinta Colvin. Mr. Bolt has now opened the case ont behalf of the defendants, Mr. and Mfrs. Moorhouse, and will be cesedded by Sir Fitzroy Kely r. Glass, 'and Mr.Welford, and Mr. Railly, Mr. Boxbnrgh, and Mr. G. L. Russel will then We heard on behalf of the next of kin. (BEfore9 VieChrd lcr8 J. STrAMT1) PICICR V. WATSON~. This cas, which was a foreclosure muitka"ne before the Court for forthei c6mAderatiou. By the decreemade ozithe, hstrmnk the Chief CIerk had been diricted to -imetrftWEIs diffeent encumbranoes a.ffecting certain mortgaged property belongig to Francis George Rare, the nephew bf- Sir Jrohn Dean Pauli, ancl their priorities ; and the question naow was whether the asmignees in bankruptcy of Strahan, Paul, and co. were entitled to a charge for 8,0001. on that property. InL May 31852, F. G. Haue borrowed a sum of 1,0001. of* IffeZ78.trahian', Paul, and Co., and In May, 1853, he borrowed a further sum of 2,0001. of them, hut no securty was given by him for thioseadvances. InNlovember, 1853 he borrowed of Stra. han, Paul, and Co. a further sum of 6001., for.securing which F. G. Hare gave them a mort,gage on his, pro rI. rB adeddtedin August, 15~ n aebtenRG Ewreof henpart and Sir Jobn Dean Paul and the ate Archdeacon Bare of the other part, F. G. Rare, in oider to secure a sura then advanced to him by Sir J.1). Paul and the late Archdeacon Hare out of a, fond of which they were. trustees, agreed to assign to them certaiu property; with the following qualification, "1subject to a certain sum or mortgage debt of, 3,6001. or thereaboats,andathe interest thereof, secured, or abotut to be secured, to Strabmn, Faul and.Co., bankers, London."' Sir JTohn Dean Paul made an affidavit inxwhich he said tlmt It had been agreed between him, as repeseflg te anknjfirm of -which he was a prnr pn r .G .E e t at a mortgage security should be iven by the latter for the sum cf 3,000. Air. F. G. Bawre, flwvr nan affidavit, denied that there had been any such ageement. The question was whether, under the above circumstances, the assignees of Mfesss. Straban, Paul, and Co. were entitled tora6nkas mor_tgagees for the rsum of ,00.udrthe deed of Augut 1854. Mr. aconand r. B. L. Chapma were for the plainMfr. WIGk&M and- Mr. H[Axtby for the sasignees, contended that there had been a parol agreement for the charge' of 3,001,which had been evidenced hy the deed of Auguist,I 18'054so as to satisfy tbe requirements of the Statute of Frauds, and that if that failed that instrument contained sufficient declaration of trust to create a charge. Mrx. MalIms, Mr. Craig, Mr. Hetherington, and! Mr. B. WV. E. Forster were for the other encumorancers.. The ~VicxCF&rrNcR.ront said the longer the matter was discussed, and the more minutely the circumstances of the case were entered into, the less substantfia, did the claima of the assgnees appear to be. Be thought the proof of the allege parol algreement had failedl, and-as to the other tart of the cae, a party seeking to enforce a contract against another ought to show that the lAtter Intended to hind him. self. It did not appear to himi that It was the scope and in. tentlon of the ded of A ust, 1854, that by it Bimply the proert shul bechagewit th 30004. The execution of the anreglarInsrumncawasinthe contemplation (Before Vice. CThancelor' &r W. P. Wo OD.) srmnMSi 'V. DBROWN. Li,. Cr.e(I llwin Mr Bot nd r. ilioc) addressed Mr.OAni~s(wih wom re r. iffrdand M1r. W4 P. Murry) ten cmmened hs rely o bealf of the plaintif, utha nt onluedwhn heCortrose
COURT OF QIJEES BENMT- W7qvTki Tin Q I - COGHLaW v. Pr.TT AND ANOTR. (fitln/ at AVPrtiUs, bWfor Lord C& sezu, ar4 Corn- Mr. kiucidlegton and Mr. Charnock were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Lush and Mr. Blackburne appeared for the defendants. The declaration inthiscase alleged that the defendants kept a certain dog a.ostomed to bite mankind, and the plaintiff, being on their premises, was attacked and bitten by the dog. The defendant pleaded "Not Guity," and that the dog was kept for the ecurity of their premises; that ho was securely chained, and a board placed over the kennel with the wo,-ds " Beware of the dog," and the plaintiff, knowIng this, went on their premises wilfully and carele.sly. it appeared from the statement of 'counsel and the endexce of the plaintiff, Joseph Coghlan, that he Is a labourer about 65years of ageW, and formerly in the employment of the defendants, Messrs. Pratt and Se*ell, the contractors, of Gray's-inn-road and ing's-cross. On the l6th of April last he was at the yard in Gray's-inn-road. Mr. Sewell dirsoted hias to go the next day to King's-cros, but, not exactly understanding his orders, he went-back to Gray's-inn-road in the morning. The foreman then told him to go at once to King's-cross. He went, got there about 8 o'clook, and found the gate open. He went In, and was passing round some carts, when the dog, which was held by a chain seven feet long, flew at him and caught him by the sleeve of his coat, tore his hand with his paws, and threw him down He soreamed, aud twomencame to his waistance and rescued him. He was taken to the hospital in a cab. It was found his leg was broken In two places. He remained in the hospital till the 30th of May. He was lamed for life. He had not been in the yard at King's-cross for 16 months, and had forgotten tnat there was a dog there. When his son went to get the few days' wages due to him the defendants stopped ls. 6d., the price of the cab in which he was taken to the hospital. Croms-examined.--le had worked at King's-cross for seven days in January, 1856. There was a dog there, but no board over the kenneL John Gregor stated he worked in the yard. He had seen the dog jUmop out, but not bite, as the people were not near enough. Ee jumped at a gontleman who was walking with Mr. Sewell, and caught another by the sleeve. On one occasion he broke his chain flying at a woman. Jeremiah Cookley was in the employ of the defendants In January, 1856, and on one occasion the dog was near seizing him ; he was a very savage dog. Dr. Jackson, house surgeon at University Hospital, deecribed the injuries' sustained by the plaintiff. Be would be lame for life, and unfitted for a paver's work. Mr. LosII, for the defendants, said that in'justice to them be should state that they had sent several tines to the hos. pital to inquire forthe laintiff, and expected he would have called on them whex he came out, but the first intitation they had was an attorney's letter.' It was not true they haa charged plaintifffor the price of the cab. They were entitled to keep the dog. They took all reasonable precautions. He was chalned up, and placed in the part of the yard'where he was most out of the way. The plaintiff was defendants' servant, and therefore they could not he liable for any accident that occurred through his negligence. William Trinton, horsekeeper to the defendants, stated they had the dog about four years. The board was up about a year and a-half, and the kennel was since in the same place. He saw the accldent. Plaintiff put up his hands when the dog 9ew at him, and tried to push him off, and in doing sO Bell Dak. Cross-examinued.-It was a very harmless dog, and unless the plalntiff had pushed him he would not have been hurt. Mr. W. a. Sewell, one the defendauts, said the kennel was always in the same place, and could be seen by any person coming in at the gate, It is not a savage dog. No application was made by the plaintiff before the attorney's letter was sent. Stubbins, the defendants pay-clerk, stated he did not deduct the price of the cab, but he only paid plaintiff a quarter-day's wages on the day the Awcdent occurred. Mr. Gee, the Proprietor of the whatf adjoining the defendants', stated the dog was laced. in the safest possible, position. He kept no dog; heahad a watchman. Defendant's foremau stated the dog was very quiet. Lord CAPBELL said that the first question for the jury was whether the dog was prone to bite mankind; they could judge for themselves from the evidence; if they thought he was, the next question was whether proper precautions had been taken by the defendauts to protect their workmen and others from danger. The jury then retired, and after being absent for some time returned with a verdict 'or the defendants, strongly recommending, however, that they should carzry out the kind intentions mentioned by their counseL Mr. LuesE said he hod no doubt the defendants would adopt the recommendation of the jury. JACKSON V. OABKJL. Mr. Hnddleston and Mr. Russell were counsel forthe plaintiff. Mr. Edwin James represented bbe defendant. Mr. HjuDDLZSMO stated that the plaintiff, Alr. Jackson, was a proprietor. of racehorses, residing in Yorkshire, and having a house in PorcheBter-terrace, Bayswater. The defendant, Mr. Edward Rhwson Clarke, who was known as Dorsay Clarke, was also on the turf, and resided in Clifford-street, Bond-street. The action was brought to recover -the sun of 1001. lent to 'bim by the plaintiff, Mr. Jackson had backed Elligton for the Derby of 1856, and won a large um of money. Mr. Clarke, who Ws the owner of Vander eulin, was not quite so succesriful, and was obliged to ask Jackson to lend him 1001. Itlappeared that a person namied (Coahrane, a baker, whio went by the name of " Donal," wan employed is a commissioner to ette acouts,andhe as mplyedby Clarke, who and ot te 1~l~ aon fr th moey. Donal did,. lr. John Jackson, the plaintiff, stated he had known the defendant for some years. He won considerably on Ellin"ton, Defendant lost, and came tos hug to get for thie loian of 1(0l 1. Hegseed t'o givelt.: Ae knew William Cochrane, wvho went by the ntae of Donsul2 He bets and acts an cobmissioner to settis accoutts on the. turf. He acted for defendant in M& Ou th D0ettlliigdA4yor the Monday alter Dona? camek to bim at TatteinUals, and asked if he had -not arranged with Clarke to lend y1001. He sad he bad, and gave the moneY to Dons]. Cross-examiried.-I gave him the 100. in Tatlersall's room. I had met the 4efendaut.- befo-e thxe De-rby at Faubert.'s, in Yorkshire, wihere DAwsoni was teami- Ing EDlington. We bad lunoh together. Dfendant h ;ad gone down to seethe hore. Thero was no arrAngement made that if Vandermeulit won I wasto hadve 1004, bat if BEllngtorn won Claike was to get 2001. -There; was no such arrangement suggested is my presence.. I know. thera wa an arainigement tweenD wson and Clarke. I had no bed with Clarke an Ellington. I had laid him 5,0001. to mone. ClrkDES l d Xidnot make an cliuop eatDn .Willram Cochrane.-I am a bakerlbytrd an alsor t.he turf. I am often empoye by genlmnt eteter aejuntr. ' udid iofo r fr. arke inthe Blai g nyesll s favour. H ome tld me thathae adwande an aan eentwi 'Hr. Jackson, by whitE l I I IwstoLapply.-t ako n ~Tt -tersalis, get the money, and, apply,it in,stln Cak' account. Croassexnmined.-I ad maxde up Clarke's acounnt And' compared it before the raue ;-that was done at Tattersalis on the Monday or Tuesday. In. the -book ebderLTackson's name in theLentry: 150. to 5,000L Elllgton. There is another entry 0to.2001. EllIngton forT. D., bultbtatismnotin. ny writing. I think Idid naot eompre with Jakson, as I do not find thoe ncil mark which we vsually pnt wheni we, comp1are. I took down the itenas as Clarke read them to . hn ro is betting-book. On the settlig day I asked. 'Jackaonfor 2001.for Clark o LDawson's,account. Id&snot recollect whether. I asked for any bet due to Clarke. His sEettling-book will show if Idid. The book produoed i that settling-book - by itlt- would appear I sasked Jacksozn for 1901. There is no horse's name ; this book conutan opnly men'W namesan.&d oney. li ueot reollect what Ackown, did.. I_SUPPOet he * !dhaeoInge ,atsrtche -off. I '-wl3l swiar--her.Y m;vxe-1-se him, th 101 which be bad krrange. with -lark for. I-wMl werh gvav me thakt in additionx to the 1901. Mr. Jackson wl o what It was for. I never know what tbe bats are.: I 9nly) know that the monay is due on the Bettling. I wouad almost swear disftictly I got from Jackson, 1004, 1114,. and 1301.I To Mr. HUDDIxSTOxe-In the comparing book I find, 2001. toO0, Blllngton, to receive from Jackson for T. D, Willam Dawson.-I am a trainer, andL had a bet wit Clarke on the Derby, 1856 1OM,00 to 2004., that VandermelnUn bat Elligton. I loot. Mr. Jcsi had Do thin¶ to dowithhat et.Iasked him tosettle mny occu.2 told him to hand Clarke 1304, as he owed me 704 since 1850. Mr. HuDLmmTow having summed up, lir- Jsses addressed the jury for the defendant. He said the dispute was one which would have been better - decided at TattersaUl's than in the Court of Queen!s Bench. He certainly undertood from Mr. Jackson, that he bad no. bet whatever with Clarke, yet it appeared from Donal's evidence that there0 wa bet of 1901., which be paid. Donal appeated to be a "irst, of Chancellor of the Exchequer at Tattersal's, and with iuch a budget of accunts it wassnot suTrising that even -the brain of so fertile aud a ae-,should get confused, and* 'ma ehe had got 1001.more thanhe did. Theacocount showed ther, was 2001. for Dawson, sand the other itom represented- the 1I0., which waa'all Donal got. Lord CA3qe=.pmr said the action was brought to reovyer' 1001. mnoney lent, and it they believed the evidence thore Fnever was P, clearer ease. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages 1001. Thi case clowed the business of the sitnpa Westminster; the Court wrll sib at Guildhall on Wednesday (this dlay).
COURT OF CONMON PLEAS. WzsTmsTmL D-Ka. 8. CROSSED CUORS. MTMMmq V- MIVT.ATI M?T- - (,ittings in Banco.-Prent, a Lord ChiefJ JTie CooK. B3UI, Mfr. Judwie CIR.SSWELL, and Mfr. Jwuice This was an wtion by a custom er of the loudon Joint. stock Bk against the bank for money lent. The defend. ant pleaded payment The couse was tried on the 16th of February last before the Lord Chief Justice at Guildhall, and Is fully reported in 2te inmes of the 17th of February. It appeared at the trial that fthe pldntiff, intending to send a crossed check to a Mfr. Masters, put it in the post. ' The letter by gome mem m aried The empty envelope was put under Mr. IMasteres door, with the words, "1 The finaer iS moch obliged," written on it, and the check was preEented at'the; bifnk by aerankdr and paid in the ordinary way over the counter. It, was proved- that' w*'n- pnre sented. for payment to the defendants the croaing bad been so ingeniously obliterated that it 7ias next to Impossible to tell ' that it ever - sdi. beef crossed. Thoe ury found that nelthek the plaintif ner ddefendant baid been plty ~of-anyt*e11gence ; anda'verdict' was entered for the dkeufaen t with liberty to the pliintifft to move to enter a vprdietforlplin The stitute 19th nd 20th Victovia, cap. 25, relating to draughts on bankers, enacts, "In every case. where a draught on anyainker made payable to beaer or to order on demand bears acroas its faeo an adcliton in writte or siamped letters, of thl name of any banker, or of the words 'and comoanyr in full or abbreviated either of such additions shall have the force of a direction to the bankers upon whom such draupht Is made that the same is to be paid only to or through some banker, and the some shall be payable only to or throvgh some banker;" and the Important question raised in this case was whether, with reference to this clause, the bank having paid a check which had been crossed by the customer but did not appear to be a crossed check when presented, and hvming exercised due caution, the bank or the customer should bear theloes. A rule to enter a vuidict for the plaintiff having been obtahed and. argued, 31r. Justice CRESswznL now delivered the judgment of the Court discharging the rule, and deciding that, umder the clreumstances stated, the loss falls on the customer. The Lonn CF JusTicE said it was not without some doubt and hesitation that he concurred with the rest of the Court. His Lordship was understoodKto say that his dopbt was whether sinoe the statute the cro6sing had not become a part of the heck, so that an alteratlon in the crossing would amount to aforgery. He considered, however, that, after al, the more correct view was that taken by the rest of the Conrt-namnely, that.the crossing is an addition only, as it Is called in the statute, and a direction to the banker, and not an integral pert of the checkl, and that an alteration in the crossing would not amount to a forgery. (Siai7zgs at RYisi Prius before Lord Chief Justice CocKIuRN and a S),eoiu Jury.) WALKER V. MOSER AND OTHES. Mr. Mi. Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Honyman were counsel for the pldantiff; Mr. M. Smith and Mr. Maude for the defendants. This cause having occupied the whole of yesterday was resumedthls mornlng. It was in substance an aotion to recover damages for breaches by the defendants of two contracts entered into by them with the plsintiff for the supply of iron. Both the plalntiff and the defendants are extensively engaged in the iron trade, the plaintiff at Mlwali and Arthur-street, Westminster, and the defendants. Moser and Sons, in Southwsrk and at Doggett's-wharft, Thames. street. In July and August, 1855, the plaintiff made tenders to the Government for the erection of certain corrugatediron buildings for the Quartermaster-General's stores at Aldershott. Thetenders were accepted, and the plaintiff bound himsef by a contract with the Government to oomplete the buildings by a specified time, subject to certain penaities, to be taken, as liquidated damages, for each day that the contacts remilned uncompleted. It appeared that he had been uable to do tbe work within the time and had incurred penalties to the extent of 2,000. (the whole of which, however, with the exception of 471M, seemed to have been subsequently remitted), and his complaint now was that having entered into the contracte in question with the defendants for the purpose of carrying out his contracts with the Government the defendants, by their neglect in supplying him with the iron in time, according to their contracts, had rendered him liable to the penalties; and, secondly, that the iron supplied, not being of the description he had contracted for, he had been put to extra ex. pense In doing the work. At au early stage of the cause it was arranged that the only questions to be decided by the jury should be to say whether the contracts alleged in the declaration had been made, and whether the defendants at the tie they entered into the contracts had notice of the terms of the plaintif's contracts with the Govermment; and subject to the decision of the jury upon these pohits the question of damages was to be referred. As neither of the contracts with the defendants was in iting, the evidence turned principally upou conversations which had taken plawe betweenthe parties, and upon several points in the case the evidence of the plaintiff was in direct confiict with that of the defendant, who was called. Mr. 1L SZirrsr having sumned up the case for the defendants, and Mr. M. CEBP.BEBS having replied for the plaintiff, The LORD CEIEF JUSTICE carefully summed up the evidence to the jury, and in doing so observed that while probable that each of the parf esemisconceivkd what had reaUy taken place, and from m opoopreption mbrePretentedL it, the: case afforded a remarkable instance of the danger of transacting such-businews a that in which the'plaintiff and defendants had engaged without putting it In writing, The jury, after retiring for about an hour, sent to his Lordship to say that there was a difference between them in the proportion of nine to three, and no chance of agreeing, and upon this were disbchrged by consent. To-morrow (this day) the.Niai Prius sittings commence in London. SECOND COIURT. (Before Afr. Justice CROWDER and Common Jrsries.) Jro50O2 V. LECK. This was an action of ejectment for the recovery of a piece of land, the site ot premases formerly known as 64, Old Nichodlstreet, Bethnal-green. Mr. Hlawkins was counsel for tho plaintiff; Mr. ERene for the defendant. The details were of no pablic interest, and a Terdict was found for the plaintiff. , DAVISO.X V. BULLY This was an actfon brought by the- plaintiff as endorsee of a bill of 6xchange for 256. against the defendant as accephr. The defence setup pwas that the defendant's acceptance was a forgery. Mr. Barnard was connsel for the plaintiff; 14r Woollett and Mr. Worsley for tho defendant. Itanppeared in evidenee that one Webb, the drawer of the bul, was formerly a ieat falesman in Vewport-imark6t, and beteen. i and tbe defendkant, who a butcher, transactions for the sale of meat hd taken place for some years previous to the date of the bill in May l .The ese involved great conflict of evidence, WVebb dltinioltly swearing that the bill in question, with somae othtrs, had been accepted by the dtiendant in bis {Webb's) pretence, and, the defendant donuing-tt hi had ever a' any tineaccepm d any bill at aUl, and s ting, .alo, that he was out of town onthed on h the bill waa dated, which lUtter point ts eonotriod -byother efidence. The bill ilL question, :wit other signatures of the dffen- dant, er hnddthe jury,l wh found averdict forthX
ADXIALTTY COURT. TssnDvY. D:n- Rt ~ I . - T h n oln - i -- (efore Dr1. lUJSvnV.I .&nm wra a aoxf for alvage broutht by the owners and tbo tr of the Join Pn tagaMnst the George Deane, wbhioh hpd-eea fo10od&reIlat and towed for 600 miles, and ulti-mIteca $edto Lisbon. The Value of the vessel wasti DBr. A&ddauss apperedI for the salvora. Dr. Twxss, r the George Deane, did not deny the terT!he COURT aware 2,250 TEM LINDA. PLOR. Tbis wasa ult Inttutedby the mnster and crew of a portnguee schooner uasned+he Linda Flof to o'btan 'pay. ment of thew dne a ibhema out of the proceeds of AUe "lal of tha eesQ44 and It was o6pposedl by the owners of, the bark ehabues- O, the s°-of october, 1856, the.Inda loru onr w he myfion,H tFo ortpgaL whrbn. she camie. ixtol. slsion wirh tHe . bf t. Alter the woll of Rion the D}ttor Qieei hVictoria eaies tothted atsatan bA Ofthe Lnda loe, and 6id6md her iato hh.lort of Gximsby.& The 'Indi tLr_lnoe, Ibat PM-od had QBBIIn condemnd Inthe 'nfl q 384 for damage done to thle Harburg,and in.the further sum qf %4 foir servtoi renderd by tbe Queen Victora.6 There'was upwards -of 218.dziejto the crew of the Linda Plor whie vas, was disbatge -at Gzimib and' this" sm 'wa now clie,t vte ith_th cost of the pasge -of the Linda lor_..if esd. oedetoatf , the claims of tke Harbusrg and of the QenVcoi.ih deranud *sa restated 6n Ahe und tha teProceeds OfA'he ale,~ to* In tha~esledary ofT eC , aenotsnmebgent to 10eefit when tbeQrsnznsuetotheHab ag,nd the. Queen V10torla,'ere Id.'.I- The A iln A Pteap ead for.Aetbiyl=mnts, :and hOto~ie~coaad4er its deciaon
IMSOMMM DEBTOPJ COURT, DM 8.. _-i ZLIABrT -M. DEER, OTHEWiS:E UAIGR; (BCfofG Afr. eommi nhaid, MuRp3di L11 IaasoIenw a a young VOcauss or considerable reptte, apped hr ber fial order. . Dowe Esuppored, and Mr. Sargoo(t appaed fori[r. , Bpbur. The complait waa iat the insolvent had entered into an agreement with Mr. Knpbury in August, 1855, by the terms of which he was bound to give her board and lodging for tbree years and omplete her musical educatlog in return for which be was to make all. professional engagemaents upon her behaf and to-receive one-half of therro ceeds. Thesontrat irw acted upon untfl anua-- a when m Dyersdultte431r.Eingsb s houseand accepted engagements at lull and'other places, no portion of the emoluments adsng fromnIwich had beeu-poid toM. Xin. iuryu. AIt AOl Whe mizle4 r.H.Hah,also oalv t of Wome stailn, btte aton which Mr. Kinsby kad commeneda against her for breach of te contr was con tined In ,her maiden name, and judgment was eventlly recov,ered aginst her for 20. damages-an amount a'ee to :pontZe triI by both parties. in order to avoidthe expense Of havg the agreement stamped The plaitff's coSs weretaxed at S8&r The insolvent alleged, that Mr. Kingsiwry had tot given her the musical Instrction which he bad undertaken to do, but it appeared that just before the severance of the con. nexion Mis Dyerwas engaged t the Coloeseum at a weekly salary of 12 gpnew, one-haI of which was paid to Mr. The le& o CoTxssiomB suggested that the insovent and her husband ought to make somre angement for the liouldation of Mr. Kingsbury's claim, as it was quite clear that his 1nstratlon must have had some effect in enabling the oung lady tb obtain the lucrative ergagements whion she h2ad njoyed. Mr. DOWSE sal no arrangement could be made, as terms bad been effered and refused. Mr. SARGo0D, on behalf of hisclent, expressed his will. ineaew to assent to any reasonase terms, bat if none were offered he should ask for the dismisal of the petition, a Mrs. Haigh. did not watt the protection of this Court at all. .She wa in. no fear of arest, as if Mr. Kinsbury should pit bIl'execution in force she could iiIsediately obtain her discharge upon application'to a judge,' shfe beings married woman without separaIeproperty. ' Mr. DowS obened th under Mr. Kingsburys Insolvency, Mr. lHagh and the then bliss Dyer were cre itors 'or aoie n l which they,oghtat least + be al 4 present claipa. Mr. S+BiiooD consented tq- allow any amouii due fiomx Mr. Xinjgtbury to.hebnolvent; or-her husband to bq set off oRbinst her debt. .' The learned Coo srssroi~xntiiought the best coursj to be to adourn the ease for a month, in order to allow all pI ;es .tio .efiect euy and dispassionately upon the matter, so that some arangement ight be adopted which would obviate tihe neetty of ,any action on the part of the Court The ease was then idjued. T RE JOSEPIH BROUGtOEN. This insolent, who has been several times beforo the Court, appeed for adjudicatiton. Mr. Nichols opposed forXesri. Segleand1oA6, of elceater.place ; Mr. Srgood appeared for other creditors * Mr Dowse supported. The inolvent was one oftiire conoerned in raisn _ from the opposing creditor, and the complaint was'that tho nsolvcnt bad made oert&14 representations as to his property wblch were'not correct. The case had stood over to amend the schedule as to property at R6theihithe, In which the insolventhad an interest. MIr. Commissioner MiuaHy said tho insolvent-w&g one of those persops who condsdered parties who lent noney to be fair game, knd he had recklessly incurred the debt with the opposing creditor. He gve a judgment of nine months from the vesting order in September. I1T it' T}IOMS ILLEB. Mr. Maca opposed for two creditors, and Mr. Sagood supported. The isolvent was sSlesman in Covent-garden, nd had been banlkupt and insolvent. One of theopposing creditors was called to give evidenoe as to his debt. The CouRT discharged theinsolvent.
POLICE. M.uSJsO -RouS-Wiliam W. Thompson, traveller to the firm of Mesa Jones and Co., of Graoechurch-street, oil merchants, was brou,ht before the LonD Mxoos, chrged with having embezzled several sums of money, amounting to pwaruds of 2,0001. Mr. Wontner appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Morgan, of thie firm of Hnnpbries and Co., attended~ for the prisoner. M1r. Wontner said the prisoner had been in the employment of the prosecutors about seven years, and it had Iatedy been dlsovered that he bad embezyled several large amounts; but it was intended on the present occasion to prove no more than one case, in order to justify a remand, and to bring up the prisoner again after the necessary communications wit-h the customers, 'who were at a distance from the metropoEis Mr. 0.J. Jones sald, the prisoner has been in our employmnent asatraveller 3n the north of England and Scotland. :f commenced his lat round in the month of October lat, and returned to town on Saturday. It was his duty to keep a cashbeok, in which'ho was to enter every accounthe-recelved, and on his return to present that book and hand over hisb.l3ncs tonsu He came to the counting-house yes terday and handed over 91. 2s. 6a.as the balance of his last ourney. He then went away through a side door, although I expeoted him to wait, and he got, 1 believe, into a cab. I have looked over the accounts of his last journey and I found, accord;ng to my estimate, that there is a deficiency of upmwards of 2,0001. We have a customer namecd Willam Benniogton, at Stockton-on-Tees, who was indebted to us in September in the sum of 66L 9s. I have, in coneuence of suspicions which we entertained, written to Mr. Bennington, and have received an asawer to the efTbct that the amount had been paid to the prisoner on the 3dof Septmber, his last journey but one. On his return last time that sum had been enteredin the cashbook, but the entry had been erased, and It was not poetedin the ledger. He never paid the money to us. I believe that if your Lordship remand the prisoner I shall be able ti prove that he has emLbezzled to the amount of upwards of2,0001. Mr. Morgan said he could not object to the application fora remandof his cieut, but he hopedthe Lord Mayor would ordertherestoration of certain papers which had been taken from the prisoner, and which could not be of any use to any one else. Mr. Wontner said tile papers alluded to were connected with betting transactions in which the prilsoner had been engaged, and to the payment of which the money embeztled'had-been-, i,%ll ;prbba'bUity appropriated. It would therefore boInecessary to examine the papers foi the prosecutors., o n y aer o h The LOR;D Vi4Yiel R-Cekirlly. lThe pipers must-he examined before they canbereturned to the prisoner. I remand him till to-morrow week, and I camnot order the money found in the possession of the prisoner to be returned to him. I appears tome that betting, which has been on so many occasions proved to be the ruin of persons of the class to which the prisoner belongs, has been the destructon of the young man -t the bar. Gu=HtbraL r-3fr. Charles John Gordon, a builder, carrying on buiness at'89, London-wall, ras brought up before Alderman C ALS, charged with furiously driving, and with aaultng the constable in the execution of his duty. Defendant.-I am very sorry for it, Sir, and it shall not occur again. Alderman CEALas.-The Act of Parliament is ver stringent upon the offence of fulrious driving, the punishment being one month's imprisonment, 'which with two months' imprisonment for the assault ou the officer makes three months. l'oW, you may think.that a very severe sentenau but it Isnecessary for the afety of the public. -Mr. MartIii-We have had several cases here lately, Sir, of furiouls driving 'which have terminateadfatalIy. - Alderman CHLS.-I shall, however, fine you 20s. for each offence, and min, now, that is a very light sehntene and I think -it much lowes- than the Act of Parliament ought to allowr any magistrate to go to. he defendant paid the fines. Bow-sr;TP r.-Jooeph Clarkson was brought up on re. mand on the charge of obtaining a quantity of damoask from Hessrs. Shoolbred, drapers, &c., of Tuttenbam-court. road, by means of a-forged order purporting to bo written by Major ICartin, of Han Court, Upton-on-Severn. Mr, QhWlnl rlayne, sollcitor for the prosecution, applied for a further remand, as the polic a obained a tlue, to the diacovery,of the priSoneri associat who fored an etnaive gag and had ommitted whole3ale frauds in the Eameln mer. He hadno doubt tbat, besides th cam so whicht a clue ha been found, th.re ,were -numerous csam which wotld notbe dsootered iuv the tradesmen aset iz their Christmas bills, a in all the came ss yet knowet the forged orders contaned An instruciotln to the tradesmen to send the invooe with'thle-oods in itead of sending it by post. Thustheinvoicefalg nttheohazdsof the gang tbe custoer woul4 not kuow thAt goods had been orderei in his mame tMl his bMl wAs sent in at the quarter. The prisoner was further remanded. Mr. Bokla aLttended for theilso of openinga& prosecUtion ag st Jon Thorn of the booksellers in Holywelg-stret, on whoe . premues eizures of indeDnt books, prints, &cp, were made in eptember lat, the defendant having given notlce tbat he would attend, aud surrender to thewrzarnt, be rep withouficientbal.The, learned gentleman, haing dated the cueN called inapector MitcellR toprove the seizure and i decdson of the meals.i tratethat the booksi ",.were obsoene and ought to be destroyed, the order for their destruction being only de. layec that they might be used in evidence in theae pro. ceedings., Mrr Su^pernztendent Durkia nee th. boks the o. -fer dut had give nuotice ot ap ,lmbt had withdrawn it. Trhe deftendatwas then eomiitted for triaLd l was offered in two suretiUs of 50. each, and defnd-y ani w apreogiaesfor l00le,the sueties having aedy. MaryElliott, of 14, Holywall.street, was brought up In eustody on- a milar charge and committed. Mr. Ji 3aunszhreoelved SLfros 11W.MHO.,' andU. from "W. X" forth p6ocrbou;m MARLEoRouous-nTn.John Ro was chagedwith stealng a quantity 'of lead, te property of the Earlof ;Rormanton. `m b~~ousel=etgoLord Normantort, proved thaIM e eadwsa'outhe roofthe previousday. -The prisner who was ted to lmie-beoh'formerlyC con 'rioted, was fully cmoitwea. 4od teWlinto Ta.ern,:Brook.street, Holbsooxn width intent to defraud. ..me dlach...5. the prIndr Mr. Co r, afteriom reniarks, the piiuer upon his enteringlntoaecnzsoe of 100 to meet. any charge tht might be preerred a t him. Mr. CoRIr, the sitting magistrate requested our re. rorter to acknowledge the recipt df a a.nk of Englandrote from ' W. H. C." for the poor-box of this court SOuWliWAIIL-The two ooloured girls who xtted theii names to be Rose and Miinnie Avon, and that they were. fulitive slaves from Kentk, attended before :Ur. BURcHAX to hear the resut Invetigation that ha lately taken place by the Mendicity Society and the police as to the truth of Itheir story. .Kr Ferguson, chief clerk of the Mendicity Society, with Hewitt, one of the ofetrs, was prent. r. BEranford, the suiperintendent of the if division, was also in attendance to hand In reports of their inveiation. Mr. BURCrAs told then that sinoe they were before Mim on the lat ooedon he had received information which if true would show that thedr story was false, andtbat they wereimpostors. Theddereioneissatedtobeliving witha blak mon, at No. 1, Crown-court. Wentworth-street, and the yountger with anlrlzhwoman pasing as her mother.. Was that trme? The eldest gidl rplied that it was not true ; they both lived toe theri one room. about them and ascetalnedtbatwbatbis Worship had stated wastrue. The father rf the younger had been found in Chelsea W&rihouse, and her mother lived In Wentworth-street. *Those persons were In. court and he should be able to show that the younger womanx a snoe their first appearance st tbis coout been to the workhous with money for the old black man It would therefore be shown that they were both impostors and that others were,in leae with them to deceive the pubio. Mr. BUIROAX said It was veryextrsordloary iisuch was respetig their alleged figt from slaernd btheeplaces adhoee eive aetrfom Grecucoik setting forth tha no veuei namedtWhe Jane had bevn in the partfor the l2st 18 months The eldest girl said that their story was true, and that the parties In Greenock might be mistaken. There were mauy vesses named Jane. Mr. Be.guson said that the port registries rha been search=ed, an no such name could be.found. Perhap hia Worshipwould ak a few questions of the old black man .liey ser*both.caied foiward,-and. denied that either of te grswere thelirshildreii. TKeo1b& msn, who was *eryt infir, sgod, le h*a k daughters, ut he, had ntot seen either of them,for si weeki. . One was by the iomim~ with bm, nd'tho-ohe0 by .nother woma. Neither of the; WirlseO his, pand they ha Xever comt to hima with money.. teogthe w o;bchouse .-h-~ an ltdt ehswf el be ngthe ~ct re a ter of .th.jrs Xi.PFqguoao Informed Mes orshlp:,that'sevieraleL 'thb auth-rltio s were .prpsent -bs cout, and they could ide the youngei prisoner as coming to tfie 6l1 man several time with money. There w o a letter which would Inlu4e his wife in the affair. Tiioghy Wells, oer of St. Luke's workhouse, Chel said that the o lack man now present was one of .their Inmats,B He recognied the Jounger girl as frequently coming to see him.lately. LAst dunday week she called and a.ew dasm oattarws senttohimfromoer. -The younger girl dended most einphatically what the porter had xtad. She never saw the old black man before, and she never went to the workhouse She did not even know where It was Anthony Mellick, asgitant-porter to the ame workhouse, Ewore most positively to sthc younger prisoner coming several timesto see the old man with coppers, *1ich she left for bli. The last time she was there he left a four; pemnnv ieoe. .; .. Wmi}ihn Cousins, storekeeper in the workhou, also swore to her. Mlellick added thit a fevw days ago the old man had a letter set him by her, and he copied it., It was signed The wife of the black man said she had a daughter of that name, but she was married to a man named Sylvester, who lived in the same court. It was neither of the two girls present. Mb . BuncHm siked her whether she had not recently been ill. She replied that she had, and wastill a patient at the dispensary. Mr. UBRcHAX here said that he w35 of opinion that it was a thorough deceptlon altogther. He had the copy of the letter before him, ad to her hnsband at theworkhouse. It was as follows "Dear Mathes,-! watto know bow yo are. Motber bas heen Ill and IbAaebeenina littleneoubemayeelbutr bavagotover~t.t i'itl you anl about It when I cwme on unday. I'D Eaud rou our directions. DBEOCA RICEHRDS, Qmvn-cort,FWeuttworib-steet." The younger girl denied all knowledge of the letter. She could not write. Mr. BuRcnrA sid that great care had been taken by the Ifendicity Society as well as the police in maldng inquirles abont them, and, whatever truth there m ht be in some portions of their storY, he was Eatsfied that the main portions were fabrications. The younger girl wasclearly an impostor, and there oould be little doubt that they were both so, and that the old woman lived on their oollections. The public no doubt would be made avware of the circomstances through the medium of the pres sand the residue of the funds in hanid sent for their usej would either be forwarded to them through application to Mr. Edwin, the chief clerk, or It could be applied to the uses of the poor-box. He told the girls to leave the court, and mind they were not taken into custody for begging; if they were they would be punished severely. The girls then left the court very much dejected. The magistrate requests those benevolent persons who sent them money to Inform him as soon as poible how it should be apphed
1B DRAMHALL MURDEBR . - C-IESTER ASSIZES. TusDAy. hev. R This morning Jamex Fergason Henderson, aged 32, for aerly cashier to Meesrs. Saunders and Smith, corufactors, Manchester, was plAced in the dock, charged with the wilful muArder of his father, Mr. James Henderson, a farmer, 2esding at EHards Frm, Bramba. The chrxue agaiust the pisoher wa that, on the ndght of the 29th of September las he shot his father Whil, the deceased was asleep in bls bed. From the respecable pyoition of She accused and his framly and the peculiar crcumsanes of the eae the trial caused unusual Interest, and the court was much crowded. !r. Welby, Mr. Beavan, and Mr- Horatio Lloyd conductedthe prosecution, and Mr. Serjeant Parry(specially retained) and Mr. Maintyre appeared On behalf of the prlsoner. The prlsoner, who is a ratber small and diminutive person and light complexioned, with a sharp countenace, on being plaoed at the bar pleaded " Not Guilty," Mr. WRTsny, in a very lengthened specob, stated the case on the part of the prosecution, and first cealld Joseph Axon, who deposed to the correctnese of a model of the deceased's house, which he had. prepared. - [The model was produced in oourt, and placed onthe tale dug Jane Ienderaon examlned.-I am a single woman, living at Bramhall, and daughter of the deceased and sister of the prlsoner. I remember the 29th of Neptember. My mother, the prioner, my brother ~Thomae, and my married sister Jessie Irlam, wes.e all at Ha*rd7's. farm, Bramball. We all slept 3n the house tuat niht, and the servants also. Two other servanots slept In the granary. My father slept in one front room, and my brother James in the other front room. I slept Xha back room, and my mother and dser fn the back room opposite The servants sept in the attic, and alo my brother Thoma The servants on the night of the 29th of Septembsr went to bed at 8, my father at 9. lMy brother Thomas went to bed, and moy mother and sister and myself at 12 o'clock. As we weent to bed we passed the back door. It was locked, and a wooden bar across it. We leIt my brother James in the -parlour. Heawwriting. About 2 o'clock in the mornlngwe were disturbed byanoiseonthe stairs. Wecame outon the staizease, and the next thing I head was my brother Jamesopening the door. Ee fired a gunandcalled out, "Tom, comedownl=mediatel,,therearerobbe srnthehouse."Jamei clled out fora light. Heopened my bedroomdoor, and aaked for mnatches to Bght a candle. I lighted mycandle and gave it to him I asked him where the robbers were, and he said they were gone downstairs. Ho was then tainding on the top of the stairs. I went into my room and shut the door. A few minutes afterwazds the servant men came to my door and told me to come-that mny faher was shot. I went to my father's room. My brothers James and Thomas were there. I saw my father ying on his bed on his back, with Jis hands on his chest. head was on the pillow. He had been shot in the mouth. I have frequently seen my father in his sleep, and I hare seen him in that position, My brother James and Jessie Irlam, my sister, came Into the room. Jamessaidthat hiswziting-desk had been broken open and 14i. 10s. taken from it. I had seen money in his desk, but not shortly previous to that. Croas-ex.nmined by Mr. Serieant PARiY.-I have seen money many times in my brother' deski-as much as 141, or 11. My father's fae was considerably blackened on one side. I awoke suddenly as if roused up, and the first thing I heard was the sound of footstep,. There appeared to me to be more than one person moving rapidly, but I could not tell whether up or eownstairs When my brother James came to my door he was only in his night shirt. It would be quite 10 minutes, if not more, from tho time of the outcry to the time the men ealled me. My father was in the habit of going to bed early and rising early. We nearly always when we went to bed left my brother James up. He was cashier to Messrs. Saunders and Smith, cornfactors, Mancheser, and frequently when he came home made up his business accounts. My father used to rise about 4 o'clock. My brother James used to leave the house before S o'clock to go to Mlanchester, which is about 10 milea distant. My father was very skilful in rearing lean cattle and fattenin. them. James had not such skill, aud had nothing to do with the stock or management of the farm. I know of monoy transactions between my father and James, and that James made several advances of money to my father. It was known to the famfly that Jares was going to Sydney in the spring, where I have a sister-In-law. On 3ionday, the 29th of September there wa a sale of cattle by aucetion at the arem. A Mr. Brady was the auctioneer. There were a great number of people, and lunch was provided-. I don't know whether any came merely as spectators and to have a lunch. My brother Jalmes is rather lame and limps in his walk I know my brother's footsteps, and I am sure that the footsteps I heard on the stairs were not his. Ro-examlned.-I heard those footsteps about half a minute after I awoke. I can tell my brother's walk by a halt, and I know that these.foottops were not his because there was no halting. The sound appeared to. be that of mnuSiedfeet, orof personswaikig In theirstokings. Inever knew of dispate between James and my father about money transaction.. They had a dsputelast Noveinber twelve. month.. brothers wished to take the.managoment ?f the money, because my fathees sight had become dim. My father was hu the habit of going to Slcotland ever year. H11 intended to go there the next day '"'he had not been killed It was known in the family that my father kept his money in a drawer in a table n h bedroom. By Sejeant PAnatl.-My father wasn ithe habit of going to Scotland to buy len cattle to fatten. In the dispute I mentioned between my father and James a person named Turnbull was called In. Owing to my father's dimness of qgLt he had paid away a sovereign for a shilling. I am quit sure that the dispute occurred In November. By ,. WSmBY.-Turnbull was only onoe called In. Thop Ha Henderson,examined by r. WxSBY.-I amthe younger son of Pio dooeased. I lived at the farm, and waw employed in fi&n irork. I w- aWY from hom ons the Aiht my Athqr woo kid, I r4reod home at 10, an sent to bed about .hAlf.p* Bletee and tho boy loeep in the same roomas I do. I was alarmed in he niht about 2 o'lock by the report of fireams, and I jumped up out ref bed, an went to the top of the staircase. Before I came to the top of the staircase I heard my brother James jumo out of bed and run across the room; he then opene the door, and fired the eord shot. My room is directly over my brother's. I then shouted to Bleese and the boy, bat it did not wake them. I then fwent to Bleese and pulled the clothes off him, whch awrokehim. That was before I heard the second report. I went into the Irish girl's room, looked out of the window, came back agin, and shouted to Bleese. I then went Ito my room to put on my trousers. After the second report I heard footsteps running down or up st Bleese and I then went to the top of the staircase. The IrIsh girl was behind us. I heard James call to my sister for a light, and having got it we went into his bedroom. Before that he had called out to mo that there were robbers in the houe. My brother went into his room and I heard him load both baanels of hls gun. B3leese, the woman, and myself then came down stai I went fist. and had a thick stick. We went with James down into tho baok kitchen. James had the gun with him. There was no other gun in the house, and It was sometimes kept in the sitti-room, my brother's room and the kitchen. It belonged to my father. We fountt the kdtchen door open, and the bar was half reared up agint the walL We then awoke the Irishman. We then went into the sitting-room, and saw my brother's writing desk with the ha3p lying down among the papers James said there had been 141. lOs taken from it. We then went down into the cellar, and observed that the ale cask had been running a little. 'There was wet below It. After that we went to m father's bedroom not 10 minutes after we were frs roused. We fo him lying dead. We then came out of the room and James handed me hls gun. My father's door was not shut, and was not latched; it was just half closed I am quite sure of that. We then went to my sster's bedroom to tell her of what had happened, and we all went back into the Xoom. I examined my father's desk, where he kept his money, to see if It had been broken open. I lifted up my father's hand and It fell down again. After coming out of the room the second time James gave me hi gun. We went down stari, but I don't recollect that James told me to fre It. -I think he told us that I was to fire it out St the kitchen door, but I could not be sure, I -went outside and fired in the air over the pigcots. We then all aeed that, Dillon and I should go and fetch the police. Tt was sut a quarter of an hour after firing the gun. in th ItfWOve dressed ourselves. I also went Ifto the sittdgrm,* *hen I saw that all the things were out of the des. I then went to my brother's room, where my trunk was, and put on my Sunday clothes. I remember a sparrow *ig klled on the Tuesday morning. There is a pearree Oetcdigrasplot, on the eastetn side of the house. There as'Alder atO tree. I was present at the sda of cattle on the Monday. The amount of it was about 2181.,wvhIch sum was taken home by the auctioneer. My father told him that he had better take it home as there bad been sevenl robberies at=farmhouseswhere the sales had been, and that tion aboutthe robberies2took place at tea,and It was in consequnce f wat ws sid tat y faherrefused to take the consquece f wat ad ben aidslewaa thehosent ondi conseq eno ofE Ihat had been mi lpti h,hue o MondayT niht. It was aft er the first shot thatlIbeard James jump out ofbed td run cross the room. The first shot did not appear to me so loud as the second, butI could not telL It waas I jumped out of my bedItbat I heard m brother James jump out of his. Alter the second Ehot I heard the footsteps on the stair of more than one pern. My brother limnp in his walk. The teIheard were quick as of perons running. I can and= e to s e t hose were not the steps of my brother. We knew It was James intention to go to Sydney. I know of Jaames being security for my father to the amount of about 100L 0. yfather was srety for him for 10I. I think Jamesmade moneyby other meas than being a lerk. The mdOL mo fthey bas 20suSy for was for speculations; mY fther g up era She morning, and James and he seldomc maet in the m eni James sat nex to bs father on aSn , and ued to he bim to his dinner. The kitchen doorIs easily opned from the ieslde. Smetton ws the first consable who came about an hour and a half beforeanySoneds19 He had been emploqed to watch the farm-house; Mr. Andrews came after tornething. Persons obld eaily get awafrom the houe into the highroad. The d6or of fates roomwas ba open. Ualoekney. who was with uwhenwewentttotheroom, wsfollowingbehibd. Wh en I came home at 1 there was no light in the back kitchen. Re-examined.-I know that the footteps on the stairs 'were not those of my brother, becaune there was no hilt in them. There waa a Scotch sheep dog u the bouse. It was up m my room. The door of my roor. was open. The dog suado voalarm. . Hla isnot a hous~e o *ataIL Dy 8nt PtRtT.-He 2S aseoteIi eolle. He thinks th aeShn anytg else. I never heard him bark John Bleese examlned.-I wa frm servant of the desased. I slept In the attic with the boy Wood, inthe same room as Thomas EHenderson. We wentto bedon the 29thabout 8 'clck, and a' 2- on the following morning I was 117a% tw9 repert. ~t &e-.rpis. eW0 waJ4ut 'balf a minute elapsed between the two dischargs Lgtt up after the second report. Thomas ahouted to me to et up. After tho second report I heard nothing on the ta I dressed and went downstairs. I heard James say there were robbrer in the house. Thomas went downsta4iis first. I had struck a light. When I went dowvi I saw James at his bedroom. door with a gun and a candle. A few minutes passed between the la report and the time I sw James at tho door. The candle that Jamnes had pave a good light and appeared to bave been lit long. James was in his nihtdres I then went downstairs with James and Thomas. We went into the kiteobn. Jaames had a gun. I saw that the kitchen door was open. James went into the kitchen, and called the Irishm-en. When they came in we searhed the cellar, but noticed nothing partlcular in it. We went upstairs. James or Thzomas was first. We went into the old man's bedroom. The door ws shut and latohed. One of the sons raised the atc, butI do not know who went in first. I saw the old man In bed. Nobody touched him. The nearest that anyone went was a few yards from the body. No exalnination was made inthe room. We then went downstairs.- Cross-examined by Mr. Berjeant PAuRsY.-Perhaps I was the third peron who went into the room. I am not sure. I was as wide awake then as I am now. I had only been engaged at the place for two days. I had been at Manchester that day, ind had thxee glasses of ale. I know Adshead's atCheadle,-butAid-not c-there drunk. John Dilbn, one of the farmlasburers who slept in the house at the time of the m,rndeS, Vw-s next examined, and deposed to the circunatacts 3n 'connexion with the disturbance eaudby the repo*t offirearms.' ' Michall Malockney, another labourer, was under examin. atlon when our paroel was detchef. There are 38 witnsseis,and it is not expected the case will terminate before to-morrow night.
FOBGBRY OF'A WILL. ~~. ~~ PRESTON, TuXsDAY. To-day Mfr. Tho7aa If on}, sugeon and magiStrate of Preston, was brought up at the Town-hall for further examination on the charge of forging and wilflly uttering the wil of Edwatd Turner,' reed-naker. Some of the particulars appeared Jn TAe Times ot Monday. The excitement Wus Immense, owing to the writer of the will havin been discovered-viz, lMrs. Pipe, wie of Mr. Ja. _. Pipe, hairdresser of Fishergate.. The police to lge got a clue' to the titikr this mornbin went; to h eetaebUshment of Mr. Pipe, and challenged Mrs. Pipe with being concerned in the forgery. They had reeipts in their poession in her handwriting, which closely resembled the writing of the body of the will, down to the name of "James Holden," one of the =upposed witnesses. Mrs. Pipe at length admitted havig mad the wil at the request of the piseoner, and copied it from a draught which he produced. The annexed is a copy of the document:- "This Is ;be last WIll anid Testament of mne Edward Turnes of at. PaulsRoad Reed Maker od Peston In the County of Lancaster I direct my Executon to paralm lu su t debts funeral aud testamen- r epenuces so icon after my deceae as m4y be convetIent and It is ryW t=u{desirethat=myusadxecutos t GooDa e EhUzabeth Wilkinso of Preston the sum of Ten GoudsDInaTeo months after my decease. I then order and direct. my Executors tompa to myhousekeeper Alc Chadwiek therumof ThreeShillings er week and all the seat esmidue and remainder of my Toal and gisonal eelatIlgive abeolutely t.Tonlioms Monk urgeon of Preston the County of L,aneter and I Arpoint Thomas aClk Iron and Eras. Pounder of PreSto2 snd. Thomaa Monk Burgeon botb in the entOfLaoAStetobe may Zxtetosunder thismy lst Wilisand Testaent ad I hereb dece that te receiptor reeoipin wiuting Of myltd Ereutuce, for any moneys payable to them under or by virtue of this Ay Will shall be an effectusl dischaage and I hereby declare that aid ecutors may ebubuse tbermtelvee out of the monleswbhl hl coDme so their hands uinder this my WJ il alex. euces whlch may be inuemrred by them in and about the said ExeoatOYship In witneass whereol I the said Edward Tunmer the Testator haveo this my last Will and esrtament set my hand Beal this tourteeu-th day ofFTebruseu in the year otOur Lord one thousud eight hundred and St-five. "b iged published and decluetd by me the eaid Edward Turner the Tegtator A and for his laet Will and Testameut in the peseco of un present tAeel) 0 at the same time and who ik his prsence and In EdwadTuner the preeseoe of each other have hercunto Sub. scribed our names sa witnma James Holden Jaephwm o Preston rto Mr. Clark, who is appointed an executor i the preceding document, is dead The prisoner was brought up to the Town-hall at 7 o'clock In the morning, in order that he might e6cape from the gaze of the mob. There were nine magistrates on the bench, and Mr. W. Ainsworth was gn the chairman. Mr. Segar, baristerat-law, prosented, instruted by Mr. Ascroft, Town.clerk. The prisoner was accommodated with a seat near hi counsel, Mr. R. A. Croms, M.P. Mr. Sega r said the care would now be very short, as3 the writer of the will had been discovered, and would be called Mrs. Ann Edna Plpe, wife of John W. Pipe, hairdresser, Fishergxte, was then calld, and on appearing in court she wept bitterly nd fainted The windows of the buildingwere openedto adsit more air. The unfortunate woman was at length carried in an apparently lifeles state into an adjoining room. Mfr. John Fisher, the manger of the Lancaster Bank in Preston said,M-r. Ironk ealled upon me on' the 26th of Septemfer at the lAnca3ter Bank. As near as I can re. member, It wra a little afte* 10' o'lock am.. He produced a Saper about the size of, a letter ahe"s. It purported to be i ispoeMtion of r. Edward Trner's roperty in favour of "'his dear friend, Thoma'tMonk.w -lhere 'was no mention made of any otherperson's 'name s I temnber,;but there was a disposition -oE ---a.week'io the ' hou*keeper. - The deciment itself apptared to' be fin the- handwriting of Mr. Monk, but I' could not' ewear 'ped. tively. It p% rted to be signed by dAward' Turner. I.cannot rem6m r that it appointed any executor. I cannot say anything more particular. I believe there was no witness. I,r. (go=explained that though they had been serverd wit notioe to produce the paper in qLestion he was unable to do so as the gentleman instructing him said it had never been In hial sesdon.) I think I had not possession of the paper. The prisoner showed It to me, and id Edward Turner was dead, and money was wanted to p wges. He retained the document and took it away withi him. In amswer to his application for money to pa wages, I Wd we ve.1 gy no raoney upon a docament 71z iD At, as we never I monsy exept upon the production of pwbrtc orlet4irs of g4ujlnlgtration. I have got the check on which the money w4a pald an the 5d of October to the prisoner. I pto4uee It. (The teipt *As ISid byt'he clerk. It was signed by the prisoner, and the amount was 56. 1s 3d., including mnere, 8. 7d.) Mr. Cross declined to ark anything. Ms. Pipe was aagn called, and on ppeamn seemed ve pale and feeble. he said-My name is Ann dna Pip I the ilfe of JohnWilcreas Plpe,who isa hair dreser and perfumerin Ifshergate, Preston. I have resided in Preston be. tween five and aIx yeas. Ilcnow the prisoner, Mr. Thomas Monk. SinceI have been inPresthn he has beente medical attendant en our family. I iemember havingoccasion to call at his surgery one morning to consulthim. It is between two and three monthsa sie It Was between 9and 10 oclock in the morning. I do not remember the day of the month. I saw zr. Monk at his surgery that mornin H * e appered to be preparing to go out. He ak me if I had time to coy a paperl produce a written paper. He aso produoed a blank sheet of paper to make the copy upon. He gave me directions that I was to write It large. Ithink he said like a ma. I oopied the document he gave me In the surgery. Mr. M{onk was up and downthe stairs of the surgey lwhileI eopled it. I could not say positively in whose handwritng that paper was he gave me to copy. That (referring to a document produced) Is the one oopied by me. (This was the will alleged to be forged.) The wlhole document in in my handwriting except tho signatures of Joseph Wilkinsn, Preston, and Edward Turner, Preston. The word " day," which appeas to have been put in after it was made, is in my handwriting. I cannot remember whether I discovered Ithe omission or It was pointed out to me, but I think I discovered It. I made the bracket to the attestation. I left the documont with Mr. Monk when I had copied it, I connot say whether the name James Holden was on the document which I copied. It was either on. or Iwaw ordered to put it on by Mr. Monk. At that time I had never before heard of Edward Turer. Ididnot eEdwardTurnersigath document I copied. When I left it with MEr Monk there was no writing upon It, except my own. I do not know the hand. writing of Joseph Wilkinson, Preston. At the request of the witness the words " to consult him," were expunged from her evidence. This closed the testimony for the prosecation. Mir. Segar.-I have now, I think, estblished a case for commitment. I have a considerable body of evidence ostil to produce i1 it were necessary. It would only bejustioe to produce It now but If we give a copy of it before the triaI to the other side it wilU be quite needless to trouble the Court withallUthat evidence, provided my friend will be satisfied with our undertaklng that he shall have a copy of the testimony we are aboutto produce. Mr. Cross said he had wached this eae very carefunlly for the accused during the whole of the investigation, It was not his intention to take up any length of time in commenting on the facts nor In offerlDg any evidence on behalf of the aocused now.. UnIess the accused oould leave that court,. not only discharged, but restozed to his former position md character their decision would be nothing to him. ±owever painl it would be to him to be committed on a chare of so grave and serious a character, it would be notg to him compared with the great stake of reputation on hls. part which was in. volved in the investiption. The prlsoner was ad. vanoed in years, and had risen to a high position In the town; and he oould only have one object now In this case, that of clearing his charer. That investigation, .he was persuaded, musA be else, where. He thogit as the ev5dence stood at present he could hardly aalie mnasteto i,dacbarge the priner, and he swsure he ould ask them to dischagehixu in the way he would wish'to bedicharged. is only objeet was to court Inquiry, to clear his Lbaractor, and that must be done elsewhere. The evidenoe of the various witneses was then read over. zr. Crm applied for the prisoner to be admitted to ball, but the applcation was refused. On beg charged in the usua form the prisoner staed that he declinaed to say anythinlg at present. The witnesses were then bond over to appear s#t nezt laneaser assizes and give evidence against the prisoner. - Mrx. Pipe was bounid-with this wife. He said,-I was igDOrant of this afair between mWifead Dr. Monk.I don't wis to be responsible for hi ons Mr. W. HUBRa (ma te).We have nothing to do with that. Hous0p~er as horty aterard removed to the prize him. rrsction. delision did not appear to sr- |next Fida,whnprfso r Ty will give evidence.
-. - 1 _ . _ . . 1"TLA" ':iTT* I NOTTINGHAIL DEd. _-. (Before Mr. ruisice CRoMproaX.) JaMes Wright, aged 39, farmer, wras indioted for the wilful murder of Wiliam HoLand, at Girton, oi the 5th of September last. Mr. lodex ant Mr. Bristow* eondutte theproewution, and Mr. O'Brien defended the prisoner. The circumstances of this remarkable case ill ba eat gathered from the following staemebte of th. witnue" - JOKeph Hollad, son of tbe lte Willim olland, sald,-Hi father lived at Girton. Hewassearpenter. In September lit he was 49 years old.- On jiohe 5th of September lat I went with lui to a clover field between 7 and 8 o'elock It was. about haf a mile from his house. The clover field wm the prisoners. We took a fork each, We crsmd theGains. borough and Newark-road, and then Lwent along a footp,th, and over a stile into the nextfid. Then we left the footpath, and went into a whet stubble, and then my father went into the prisoner's clover fiel& My father and the prisoner lId' a o veab6ut'this 4164er:fald My' father aent over a gap 15n toied6 e. The clover had been ct, ,and szomieI wasjiyig i nearhW ap. I heard zomebod y coming. It the prsoner. Ie Was coming over some rails into the wheat stubble from the field where we had leffihe footpath. The footpath led to. North Scarle, where the prlsoner lIe. lIeH had a gun with him. He came toward me a I waaetung over the s,p tlhu weL cLoTer nem. W IA Pet UP to the ,gp we were in the clover field. He said, "Come out, come out loM_. father said, "1We dhan!t." Ho sacid tbat if- w& (dn't come' out he ould blow our heads off. My father sad hemight shoot, an& also said thakt he should take xome clover, and then went farther into the, field. ,He then began. to, gather some clover with a fork, and Wriight said, - D- you* -ll b e near nough on you " He, ran to some ra, weni over them, and to a gate btween the elover.fied and an adjoining field. That gate ws clos to the clover whlh my father was rakiBg up. The, prlor sAm to tht gate. He dld not saysnything. Ee-put 'the jimtohie shoulder and pointed it on my father, fle only idJit en6ee then. Bat at the gapin the other feld le had putit t6bls shoulder sveral time My father-ws fdghtened'and came away from the clover towards the gate. T,t'* his' nearest way out of that field toar home. 'y father got up to the gate nd same throigl it The prlsoner dreW back about five yards, and then said 'D- it, I will shoot youPI" and he shot him Hie held the gauntohis shoulder and PDnted it to my fathir' It waspoted a hitUle downards W en he was shot m; father sad "C), Lord! CO, Lord I Jem, I 'did not think you would have done this." Prisoner sa tht he'iad done what he meant to do. He saido that if he could nothave the laws of the country he would have laws of his own. I then helped my father towards bome. Thepisonr followed us, and Hammond and Hind cameup as we were going home. While he was following us the pnsoner said raore than onee that he had dons what he meant to do.' I woutto Collingham for the nrest doctorwhilie Hainmond andHind asitedsmy father home. I did not see my father' point the fork at Wright.' Cross-examined.-t was a little dusk when we got into the clover-field. The prisoner had cut, the clover. The dispute was about the dover, not about the field. I don't know when it was cut. The reason why' we did not go ealier to the field was because I had been to Newark that day, and we were afterwards sawing a ladder pole down. hMy father did not go to Newark thi day. He had been at home all day. I don't recollect whether when prisoner came up to the gate he again sked my father to come out of the field. My father had a fork in his hand when he advanced to7qards the gate, and the prisoner then withdrew from th gate. My father wAs then between me and the gate. He had jst got through the gate when he fsork I hxr up at once, and my father still had the fwor-k his hand. The gun was not pointed very much downwards. The prisoner was about five yards from msy father wheu he shot. My father as soor as lid was shot put the fork under his arm to prop himself up. Before he was shot he had it in his right hand with the prongs downwards. I did not see him advanoxin a threatening mauner. I did not hear my father sy " Let us fight " 'jst before leaving the clover field. We had two bands w us to tie up the clover with, for the purpose of carrying it away. - George Hammond.-I live at Girton, but was not related to the deceased. I was awre of the dispute about the clover. About half-past 7 o'lock in the evening of the 5th of September I was near the clover field, and -hard a gun go of When I got up the deceased was leaning over his son's shoulder, asd Wright standing behind tbem. There was a field betwee them and the clover field, The decemed asked me to asist him. I s aid toprlsoner, " Surly, you have not shot him" Prisonet add,. "I have, and I meaut to If I camAot get the clover by the' regulai law I'l have it by my own, law." Holland said, ' I wanted to strip to fight, and you woudd not. Wrlght sid, "You made an attemnpt to dab me." . Rol. land sadd it was false, that hesha done nothing of thekdnd. Xollandi il, " liW dod t bgutp what yout owe in"he Wrght sad mIive.nothling at al:tdo *1h!1t;11,id(he. sai many ffmes over " I have done whatTIneant t do." I iddebead d -home, and Wiighb vwet away. ' Thomas Hind.-On Satudy, Septeuber 5, Iwas citolni along the road from North Ecarle to Besthozpe, and heiar the noise of a dispute in the diretion of the lover field. It was about 8 o'clock. Ikept on my road, continuing to hear the noise as o two people disputing. Theyere callg one another abuive names. After that I heard the report of a Wh I got up to them I found the prisoner, the aeoeae, his son, and the last *fitns I said " What have you done?" The prisoner said, " I have shot Holland." I looked ate th wound and said, "A sad affair you have made of it." Prisoner said, "!' I have done what I intended to do." e seemed very much excited. I went home with him to the Plough-his father's house, and remained with him till he died. Cros-examlned,-The disputing must have been loud, J>oauq I w#A two fields off. When I head the noise it was getting da&rk T bee'd the disputng 10 or 15 minutes befoze thereort of the pi. Edward Wake, surgeon at North Collingham about three miles from Glrton.-I was fetched to deceased about 9 o'clock on the 5th of September. He was sitting up in the bar. I found him very much excited from the sEmuLnts he had taken in consequence of the loss of blood. I examined the wound after getting him to bed. I found a large wound on the front of the left knee-joint u large u my hand-a lacerated gunshot wound. Another wound a little below that, on the inner sdde of the kneejoint, had been caused by the pupe of the shot out. I was able to control the bleoding with my finger on the artery. I sent for Mr. Lay. The kneecap was sFattered in several pleoes. Several pieces had moved down the leg, which arose from the gun having been pointed downwards The larger bone of the leg was also very much shattered, but I did not discover that until after amputation. I found several shota i th'e leg. It was a fatal wound In itself. I have no doubt of that. If there had been no surgical interferenoe the wound would have caused death. In m judgment the takng off the leg was the proper and the only couse to save his lfe. lr. I-cl is an eminent surgeon at Newatk. Ioontrolled the loss of bood auntil he came. The tournique did not answer so wU as pressue with tho finger. Mr. Lcy came abont 12 'clock, and his partner with him. We tft econsulted together, and the leg was amputated. Mr. LeA performed the operatlon, and in my jedlsment very lkilfully. The act. removal of the leg occupied1 about tw. o minutes, and he was got tobedsgaiinnabot20minetes orhf in hour. I remained with hlm ntil his death, which tookc place a quarter of an hour after the operation wompleted. The cause of his death was the wound which he received by the shock which It gave te the sstesw, and the loss of blood which folowed the wound. There was not more than an average amount of blood lost during the opertion. The shock rendered him less capable of bearing an operation. Cross.examined.-WhatI dreaded were the consequenoes which were swre to supervene. These ae the shot corns. They are a smal size-sparrow shot. The gun must have been discharged very near. I should have thought nearer than five yas. If that were not the case there must have been a very heavy charge. By the JUDGE.-Inmy judgment it was not the operation which caused the death, but t he wound. James Prior Lacy, a surgeon at Newark, in practice for 30years, corroborated the statement of the last witnes. Thomas Walker saw the prisoner on the afternoon of the 1st of September. He pointed out soioe footmarks, and said they were Holland's; that he had been taking seme of hia clover, and if he came agpin he would 4hoot hIE.-Pkld, "I understand there has been a raffe-slipping bet*een on" (tthat sans a dispute), "axnd I advise you th make t up betw tyourselves, for going to law does no one any good but the lawyers." He made some reply, I cant reoollect what; but that he would serve him ouo or something to that effect. John Roe, a carrier at North Scarle, me the prisoner on Thursday morning, the 3d of September, about 7 o'clooc. He had a double-barreled gun with him. Issid, "You seem strangely mauledaboutthelegs Jem." Hesid "Haveatt you heard nothing" I said. " o" El:ea E, ""Ihave been. watching my clover." I aid, "You haven't been waitcingit with that double-berrelled gun." He sid, 4 I have, mean abooting of him." He id Holland had been stealing hi clover. WiliamHolLand, son of the decaed,-Onthe 22d101 Augstlast I went by direton of my father to Wrigh clover field. I -id not know of any4dispute aboutit. I took awaya cart-load of clover. About a week afterwards I was mmmoned to go before the magistrat at Lincoln, and I went with my father to Lincoln The summons wag on an information for the misdemeanour of stealing the growing clover. The prlsoner also cme to Linoln, and the summonc was heard Ths receipt ws produed. (The receipt -was signed by the prisoner, and was for Si received from Holland for two ces of seeds to be tken off the land before MichelmLas, or to be eaten off.) The magistrates dismied the case. Wrght, before the magstrtes, did not deny that the receipt was bis. Wriht lef theeourt before s. We overtook him in the street. Some angr words passed between him and my father. He said tat if he could not have the clover by those laws he would by somo theied.-IdonotrecollecteverythingthatWright dd 'oefore the magitrtes. I cannot recollect anything beng sid about the agreement for the clover being broken ofE Themagitrates toldthemtogoto theQountyCour. Fancis Bladkburn.-On SAturday, the 5tbt$eptember4 at 6 in the morning, I saw Wrigh In a field adjolnn the clover field. He was under a hed"e on the far side of the field from the clover. He lw oldng at me gettig over the stile in the corer. He.ad & gun on his shoulder. I aid, "What are yon doing here so soon this monigr" Hle sad, "I have been here all n Iht; Iexpected some com. pany conng, but they hae not been." I ad, "How did you get on at Lincoln yeterday." IHe said "HEollnd heat, audI had all the expebses to pay; but It's not done 'with yet- if any of them comes here hto le with this clover P11 shoot them." hale Charlton, policema, about 2 o'cloek on Bunday IR9ning, Septmber 6, apprehemded thept,hieNPw;m house, Ead found eadubie.bareled g un, Cne of t1 lasre o which had been recently discbagd. The other larrel was loaded. When I took the gundwnWi t said, "9Thats It." I took out the chargeo from teb I barreL It s about a usual charge. WIlL:m Webster, polioeman, went with last wines an told the prlsonar he came to apprehend him on the chgera of shootlng Mr. Hollnd, of Girton. He answered " Icertainly di at, but I did it in celf-defene; Hollnd ran at me 'ith a fork." Mr. O'BRnWraddressed the juty for the prisoe, and, with a iewtoreduce the offeoeto that of manslaughter coinmented apon the evidence that thero was of a quarrei going on between tho ptisoner and the deceaed up to the taoment of the un being fired, and suggested s the most probable ex 'U.ati of the tration, that though the prisoner haa uwed some threatening expressons, und wishe to frightn the deceased from taking the dover, he bad noral intention of ahboting at him until, a he supposed at least, the deceased wAs about to attaek him with tha fork. Even then it was mnifest that he was anxiou to avoid doing any serious injury, because he pointed the fun idownwardg, snd alffitouh the ult s ery difet fron, what he contemplated yet, if he had no intention to domore than inflict some Zlight inDqry about the feet, he would be guilt of manslauglter onlT. The learnd JUmrn.zununed up the evidenueat great .length,.andelained othe-jury-what wasesentialto constitute.the W rsuoVidiliii r.fatinguilshed-froin that of manslauhther.. *It'antsesary thfat there, should be in every ease an alioluteintAntion to forif,intheowurueof -3omiattinjatelolcai t,si mae-ninkilled another, thAt w, InpointoftAw,murderitough-tbekll wirsnotintentional So, in the prest case, kethou tit ight be asmecd that there was no intention on't he park of the prisoner to kIll the deceased, bht still his offence would be murder if the jury were satisfied that he fired the gun with the intention of inflicting any grievow bodily harm on the deeed, unless they Wre alo stfied that he did it inx -the beat of the moment, 'being provoked by some at of violence on the pert of the deeased. The juestions, therefor, for them to consider were, whether at the timae when the gun was fired there wasay fresh provocation by violenee, or inenace of violenoe, eonstituting an mault on the part of the deceased towardt the prisoner; and if- not, whether.the prisoner intended to do grievous bodily injur'. If he intended to do grievous bodil in'ur, and 3f there wasno such provocation, it -ahbem:nhrder; and o it would If, though the- irovoca- on enisted, he did not s pon that, but upon the old crdge. On the other hand, If the prioner did not intend cTo any sr ious ini,m or acted in the heat of blood ipon some fresh provocation amountitg to an assult, the offence would be mansplaughter only. The jur retired to ecusider their verdict, and after resining In consultation a short time found the prlioner Guity of manslaughter. The learned JUDG3, in p g stence, said, tt the JurY had taken a merci view of the ea, and one which he did not dispprove, though he should ce.ainl nothave felt ditsfie wiethaverdit of murder. Indee Inthscs,s far &a moral gauit at all events was concerned, her very slightest line of distincton between the prisonerxs crime and that of murder; nd as he would have been left for execution If he had been convicted of murder, so rnow the interest of jusice reqird that he should be sentenced to penal servitlde forlie.
NORTKEB CIxeOim IlVERPOOL, MO1NDAY. Dec. 7. (Before Mr. JusftaC WIGnTsw.) Aaron MeUor was indited for the wilful murder of Alice Mellor, at Bolton, on the lst of October last. Mr. Sowler and Mr. Hggin promecuted, and Mr.J. Fearn. ley defended the prisoner,. The leauned counsel, in openng the case upon the pert of the prosecution, stated that the prisoner and the deceased had been married for five yea, but had latterly lived very unhappily together, and had repeated quarrejl. Owing to the violent temper of the prisoner altercations continued and finally they separated on the 28th of September last the deceased taking wlth-her the youngest of their three children, an infant in arms, and going to lodge at tlhi house of a Mrs Cunningham in Bolton. It appeared that though the dceased lived at Canningbam's, she went daily to take Ier meas at her mother's house; and about 7 o'clock on the evening of the IEt of October, while at supper with her mother , the prisoner came in and asked hi wife to go home with him, but she positively refused, and he went away. In a few minutes he returnaed and met deceased and her mother coming out, and agaiu he inquired if his wife would go home with him, and asked where they were going. At list the deceased aeceded to his entreaties and consented to accompany him; the deceased at that time havlng her infant In her arms. Tho two had not proceeded far when fresh words took place between them, and the,prisQn6r-gav deceasedapush,and imuedialy afterwards he was seen by a man named Thompson to put his left hbad on deceased's H1lt shoulder and strike ber with his right hand. The deceased exclaimed, " What are you about?' snd pushed &*ay.the prisoner; who feUl into the channeL. They then pLrt - and the prisoner on re.coverink hnisqif ruhed ndrth dece idliand-struck Ubr severa1--tliws8,.and.rt'hAwas -in the §edZ faihiigl2e put his left hand round her neck, and with his right haid took from his'atde a-lage bik-with'which he iuflicted a frightful wound on her throat.: A tgleensued and both feli down; the prlsoner then knlIt upon his wife, and am proceeded to cut her throat. Upon this he was se*1r by two men, who fountd the decemed bleedieg and lifeless, a, while endeavouring to t away from them, the rIsoncr succeeded In cutting his own throat and feU on his bfek The knife was found by bhis ide covered ith blood. These facts being clearly establiahed, Mr. FEAEuiT addressedthe jury for the prisoner, urging in hls defence the plea of insanity. The learned JTDGR then went through the whole case very carefully and The jUry aer a short oonsulttion, found the prlsoner Guil4y. Iis L;OnnsrP, in passing sentenee, said that, in his opInion, there was no ground whatever for the defence of insanty, and told the prisOner that he could hold out no howe lhitever for hime Scntence of death wsthen passed In the usual solcunn form
YOMM IEONDAY. T)N(I- 7- (Before Mr. Justice WiLILL4z&) George Tolson,age1 25, a railway enginedriver, was indic'ed for the a ughter of John Yates, at Hull, on the 2C.tl of July Ilat lMr. Blanshard and M-. Weut prosecuted, and fr. D. Se-mour defended the prlsoner. It appeard that the prisoner was the driver of a lug. gage-train which azrived at Hull about 4 35 p.m. on the 24th of July last. The deoeasee John Yates left the Paragon station, at Hull, in a second-c la carriage, hy a train advertised to start at4 30 pm oon the Hull and Bridlington Railway. At a short distance out of Hull there is a semphore station at which the North-Eastern Railway joins the Bridlington Railway at an acute angle, the lines of rails cromsing each other, and forming one line; and here a pointsman is stationed. At about 600 yards down the North-Eastern line there is a semaphore sgal at the Aulaby-road station, and also a dlstant signal at 490 yards from tho junction where the pointgman is stationed. At the AuLaby-rosadtatlon the dsnt xgnal could be seen, and when both arms of the semaphore were up it indicated danger, and that both lines were closed. The prioner arrived at the Aulaby-road sttion at a, lttle be. fore half-past 4, driving a luggage train of 26 carriages, 16 of the first of which were empty, and 10 of the end ones were loaded with cl He passed the Aulaby-road station at the rate of 10 miles an hour,an sounded his whistle. He could thensee that both arms of the ditant signal of the smaphore were up. Instead of puttin on the break, however, and bringing his train to a tndstill, he woent on keeping his whistle sounding, probably expecting tltt the danger signal mlght be re. moved as he advanced. On pEuing the distant sigal he still had abundnt sp#0-490yards-in which to stop before he arrived at thejunetlon; he, however, stil wenton, until, at the last moment, just before arrivlng at the junction, he saw a pasenger-train coming in the opposite direction from Hull, and close to the junction. It ws then too late, and he could not stop his train in tlme, but ran into the second or third ge of the passenger train, in which was Mr. Yates, and sO feully injured and shook him by the collidon that he died that night. By the rules of the company he was bound to look at and attend to the semaphore signals, and on seeing the signal up indicating that the line wag stopped to give three rhistles, .whieh was in intimation to the guard to put on the break, and to stp. He had brokenr both of these rules and gone recklessly on. It was Important for the compny;, who vere ieverely muIcted if accidents oc. curred, and for the pubbli safety, that these rules should be observed. The pointsmmnstateathatas 'heheardthegoDds train whistle he heard immediately fter the whistle of the p nger trai the other way. He ted on the dlgnt danger signal, and put up his hand to stop the driver of the gooas trun He thought he had stopped, but he then put tne points for the pmsenger tmin to go across, and hethien perceived that the goods trai was coming on, and that there would be a collion, and almost immediately the goods train engine caught the second or third carriage, in which r. Yates, the deceased, wa, turing the crirage over and greatly iujlng the deceaed and others. The pnsoner acme Ao him direcy after and asked him what he had been about, -and itness saked him whbat he had been about not -to -top when the signals -were up? The prisoner aid, "They were not up." Ee told hin the were up, and he could go up to the platform and look for himsef; they ha not been touched since the collision. He ti perited that they were not UD, when in fact they were. It wasa beatifulleardayin summer, with a light breeze. Sometimes the drivers of goods trains paed the d r gnal whe up, and came elowlyup to tie junction, and if thelinewere freethe danger i gnal was turned offand they prooeded, but this was con. trar to rule. The case occupied until half-past 7 o'clock, and on his Lostusnir proceeding to sum up, the jury stopped him and sada theyhad quite made up their minds. The jury then found the prisoner Guilty with a recommendation to mercy. His LO6SmsnP sentened him to sin months' imprisonment with hard labour.
. WnETERN OER=T WiNUCHESTEWTIw-Av ir. Jastioe WILIS opened- the commiou yesterday afternoon, and. then attended Divine ervice in the cathedral. - There are only 30 prsorsas for tral, btnt the offenoes with which they ar charged are vew sesious, there being 2 for murder 1 for attempt at murder, 1 for maaughter, 2 for arson, 9 for h bbhw&5rxoy, 2 for bigamy, 1 for bor- lsry, 2 for betia lity, 4 for felony, 4 er~ cutting and wound. mng,and1lfor 2eodivingatole ptoperty, This mormnin at 10 o'clock4 bujess oommenced. Mr. Justice wsirazs.in charging the grand jury, sid he oberved aease In which aman was committe for mana~axiybt y charge was that a huban4 h,d aued the dexth of his wife by strding her. HO soad ho thIt guoh a chuage w murder. and no mansaughter; and ha aodld dlreot saU to best wi tat eect. Themedca =en differed in opinlon- ex itot Tn aihi; aeM thinkingthatIt wasawa awa, thewoma being tow four days after the deAtk, thought hat #A there was but little food in tUstomach the pew woma haddiad of sA. valton. He wasso desrous to make husboandg treat thei wvspro1erly that when &an occasio occurred kg gboulA giveproo oait; but he ws *ofpinloirthat this was a-ae oakeupcion only t suspilo person, and ifthey should tac,tht ie o i te gan jr would throw out the bll. There ws one cese o a xrgeon who w hawled with eauig ths death at a woman by Megueccng heri childbirth."i a medical Practitioner properly "ufLed wu guilty of grm eglect, he was ameable to the law. John Saler, WillIan Saiter, and Walter Bth kwrIn. dioted for a and robbingGeorge Xedmaa of a watoh and 2. Od. ]&. Hooper was eouse for the proseetion. It appeared from thee2de.oe that on the 12th of Ocoer Redman and a companion named Drover were returning. from Weyhlll fair in the aftenoon. The prlsoner "ear Out Of the hedge; the two lters laid hold of RodmAei and Drover sad Bath stood: in front of them with two,pstl coeked *hichthe*y pr"ent datthm.m snd- deniaz4dthe money, at the same tme thrtenin .to -takd. theIr lives. TheY then seearchd Redman and Droyer, and toiok froth the. former-hs watch and 2. Q, and frotm Drosrr Haig r6M*bd them the isoner let them go,AtllingheUm. if the tulicd back hey would blow thi brains out. The pr bonerswereaftewwArapprehended,iandag0oddealogf0oey wasfod on them. They adbeen seen at publ'ehonaes together In the morning at Stockbridge, and In the welgh. bouLrhood of the fair. Both Redm&h and Drovr swor oitvely to Bath and JohnSalr. erd"nasoWore to IlliamSalter. The sdater Of the Saltesm was calld bY the Prisoners, and she xwore that they wera1 in her company AS the fuirat the ilm f he - %robbery. The jury foumd the prioners Guilty, and Thy re entoed to 10 yoe' penal servitude. EmilY ElIzabeth Jones Was ndickted for setting finr to a house,ofMaryAmn, Henby,at Winchester, svealperson being therei. , ::. .Mx. W. M( Cookewaconsel jfor theproseention. It Appeared that the prso W a the WIN of th oldirn. who livein the brracks but came to daw She0 lodge at 3Mrs Henbfx&* On the night fte1 of October ker hubana ctaled tpo thae psone and se be.n in q1 they had some weds. IT wenthoi t t*o. gelhtr ih returned alon, and went tbe The next mOring the Hesb family were awoke, by a great smel of smoke. They got gip; and the prisoneres roomn -wa found to be on flire Theprionr was not there The Henbawer oblged to he taen out of the window. About alWf.pa U1 o'clock that. day the prisner went into the Her pulihoue,kept by a man namled Steele. 8he a, peaedvrym fa#tiud and In a terrible-way.' Ste todher s lt dowm and rest. She siad, ccAii,reet, ma Ir."Ie sadd, "Are youL 4on Of the WoMen Whlo WMs burnt out hstmightl" Shemaked,rhathe)neaut. Hetoldher there bad been ajire. Shemaked ifany lives wereIjOeL Ho sid, "No." Shesa&id,c f&t,abicerson who set it onfire? He sad, "1Was It an&accdent ' said 1"4No, b Godi I s et It onxfiron purpo, to burn theold woman.' Hesadd,"Itw&x&rAahAc,.j She maid,'IA'stfe In sO doing, and so I Wil tell the judgeL" She = tt she had come for thei purpose of grlgher~self up. IThe learned JunDGu said he hadreceired a statement from the matron Of the gaol As to the state of the prisonaers mind, and Mrs. Kirkmsan mnust be sent for. Ocuaderble delay took place and then his. Kifrkina cme* into court and madd tha on one occeaoo the prisoner ha acted in such 'A manner as to induce her todoubt whether she was 'n er prr esenac`, Thejuysaid they shoU eto hea what the ugo of the gaol sadutte wer tOld that he could nxot be The JUDGnC told the *ury they must give their veardict upon the evidence they iT heard. Th uyten found the prisoner Guifly, but sadd they ahoud rahrhave had the evidenee of some medical man. ThSJUDGE said that judgment of death must be reoorded but he wouldzaae inqUii OfL the Xrr of the gaci during the Asizes, and determine what holrcm "A- ~ ~ ~ e t sol rcm
OXFORD OIRRmTIl' GIWCESTRR. flRw 7- Ar. a ron Mrtn arrived iit this city yesterday, and opened the comm on for the counb of GloCeter and also for the cities of Glooester and BristoL His LousDM took his seat In oourt this mornig at 10 oclok, and proceeded with the trial of prisoners. The calendar for the oounty contain a list of 17 prIsoners, ed with offenoes of an ordinary desiptlon. The city of GCocester alendarcontalns th name of only one pri. soner, and tha for.rlstol the names of six prisoners. George Ozgan, aged 30, butcher was charged with steal. ongf th e of PMberYof 1WM7. S-aey, at North Nibley, Mr. Cripes appeared for. th. proeecutoh; Mr. Powell defenidd tho prsoner. It appeared from the prosecibors evidenoe that ke had a Amae, which he hbad "tnrned out on Worth NIbley common. On ihe-12th of NH6*iber'the pkisonetr cara to hmiu anld aked-idsmf he; rwoild' ael themyre, bnu-wAanswered In the neatlve. On the 14th he &an5 to the prosecutoragain, 4n&aid he coud find a purchaer -for the mare if the proector would let him take her away. The prosecutor refused permission to remove the mare, saying that if anybody wAnted he could come and try her. He, however.toldtheprisoner tht he would seli the mareforl3l. This ocurred on Baturday, the 14th of November; and on the Mondayfollowing=the prosecutormisedthemn fromofftbe common. It appeared by the evidence of several other witneses that the prisoner bad taken the mare from off the oommon on the 12th, and pledg6d her the same day to a man named Hieholls for 22.6 He afterwards redeemed the mae and offered her for sale to meverl perons for 14 on some oocaons sylag tht he had bought and pad for the mare, and on another that he had got her from Mr. Bailey, of Shodbury. The prisonor had naver taken the mmar far from the common, and on the 18th he was found riding her in the direction of Nibley.green and when taken into csodyo ae cbrg of stang her lie sai he was goicgto take her back. Wugoig Mr. PowELL, for the prisoner, contended that there wa nothing to show that he bAc taken the mare withafelonious intent. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, but recommendd him to mercy. Mir. CBurS said it hia become a practice in that part of the county to take and sell horses without permiion, and then to go the owner with a sum of 10s. Mr. Baron MA1Tis, in peasing sentenoe, mid he con. curred in the verdict, and also in the recommendation - nd, under the c1rcumstances, he would pas a lenient sen. tenoc-vi.,f that the prisoner be imprisoned, with hard labour, for one caleodar month. e
D 6~~~o .Asoz.-Dr3mL....The aounts from Ashton yeserday throw mm doubt on the alleged retirement of Mr.Hp. on, the ConservaUve eandidato. W.Airtleqafrlendsom muj nlte Of iOIajt therethement of thgentm to Mr. Gibeonoomii but the intimation reoeived. by the latter body o Mr Mas6n!'s retirement is saitohave beenunauhhrzd hr is now little doubt, however, of Mr. Gibson's suocess, and ther is reson to beieve tbft neither Mr. MAson nor Mr. Seujeant Shoe VM go to the poll. [Ae4vsr ent.O-XNow ready, price 17. 1ls. 4;d., sloth TeArt Journal" for 1867. An ilustrted reoot( of therns. 1:A6tse Az nindutrisX. anid the Arts of Dedgu anid Iftulfactkse This volume o=ntiri 35 stee ecraaiu. GE which2 Same ogoir from .esthlAl Calton. and e o OfAulauts A-ucu reuor of the p 7rccress artZaSUffeg"at omeandabroad tendon, am,Ms IL Vista and sold by A. Hall VizrtAe and Oo.,6 A atesriooer-rw. [Advertomel-EPad lenwd3rrsl's New Gift Book, " Buttaiiw inthei 3noa HonaLlAseries of ltes reWpreeenMg meofaourmxwfunWssb adebJesin thermvoa stas goou.d amonc theplantsand ilweron whskthe,fesd. eauk aces. me,l of th IsectsandfLow,,s. T ue p1st ., b ° ° 21o. te. tire fabs sugesed by the Plha and Incentet or, fandthse especial beauty of bantsfLles. The prohae onmmentts, ofwa e POrtaltuMOs of ame OttheMA ast es. do., 0a4re mt in Sotd. An .,aa aippropriate spice daslgne ewsml toq receie the same of the giveror reKvoat,e t e work, and the ologis ot a wve desoriptbon introdue fat the firs, time exvresiy feorh" book. P le. &i. L: or, In paten binding.4 £2s ILo dn.Pa lJesss4.1U adil7.3Ileetafeet tAdvertlsmenit.-rolnm's "Hsatory of Inuda "-Ju Pided. Part L of au Mwsised lItory of tht eounw from % hlene h Mm,r 11ill be engraveiton fe oer. t work, and willeamprase pormats views of piazwee,=== mps. Z,s exertion Wi be taofe to ree it an authentic ansud Wo.lar eoe AUl that Is Important tin the histiory O Watauh Ida.t he wo,kwllbe DiubllhenDsa at In. each. eontinine to envmi andl Pams Ctteet. It um asobse hand in dilIdoe.s at Si., and wil form when D,ok;*eMm two royal ctavO.volumas Laon, jamedl M. Virtue, l4bbty.sd and Iry.larie. [A.dvertsement.]-" nThePlantuHn - or, Adventures aokomp?beU1aQaonte Intctein dUsn,eRsid Honed lndothn e?e Msine bxt, Al Wmlihpwth 12 da ib Wiiam Hrey, eravd E.vn. S--Aawidlerof boosfoo cmmend us ao al m lvig tb ipaln Hagu Reld." J. and C. LAAh,Dvr1ment,j IM-L svpmes sen o Dtlll tOi Tourne v, "ALe.areaonul gift book ha oelma appea red. cffby14,o km dlotk bntresacueXd theg owe hxig rand hencanrepublWIasohosblel4lab.ttulwrtng Is at allturlnespea liarly eptabletothow ty o r a disCerning pb latioti. hr. M%nebard's tharing biogrpy is happioy asocated Wt the Vs fat l ss aa nho LMbo "hinea wattered tkeotogtdulle-owot Tproao ?lA4weVm theoe su ofl'theme's auineS Jme' wbapnv,~ezni satia.ntobea worthy addlticsosay i well asane lest workr ta dtals ooadrawiug-room ersti ."u-Tbe Stn. X don, Wfiocahby wOadC., 36 SmthUZAldlmkldn. and ON . [Advte]-AnEntd-T Gffl oGiftBook.-Shakeoieee Works earmn e.e, In Iwo largeol ,epsatl boumd,p"io 2rs; revited sufleln t ' f ep os e of htiua who i ot bMrss a dramaat " amusmet td to Uo =~ GE anguage.-We.Uk Dirpatch,Dec. 2&M1%6 Zm7rpurhaaewr0(iher of posOsvolume.)3may receive a proo Impressin of BEag~nis voprkit of Mr. Pheive (11 bgbes br 14), cc a aplendid steelgvngo the homes In whisk 2S Smithfield EC.. [Advertleement.]-.Just ready, Warwick Caste in the itereoscope; the se, Post free, for ;L Is,-H. T. Oooke anti Son. Adverteen.-" Orphans." the new story by the nod ~ ~ 0 5pode thou ofsGift a wrte-new okpnss fponar the new.tyea me her syle,which15 snnsting "iTheresieg O afrath e Port; a power rigorouIt M01l1tb o. SUbml5S4 ' the the ine and.* Th Lad Cofh 1ju1.'I aeharnbe n"T o oul,e ales,,, but to ".4,s,ml' w%zblle. Hurst an Porials o Idal eeby, withorfU Sqidineysee Genga,n- b. th3e an AItt i r4Ateet engrad i eyngs, i Id. eoeo-ofsewa' IUSh"wt llottos1
.fILITARY AND NAVAL VAL - Im"Uraimoiki._ mc oeydA Eg4u1 tbe onera ding IWl hold a IvTe on Satury nont it a2 o'look. Her Majestyts sieamsdoop Heon, 16, Comma, Cha, arriTed at SpitheAd yesteday froentus.twrd, to aiV furher orders. Her Majts sllig ocee JTMo, 26, CWnF"ge.~ mane, wi be pidd ofti dyay il? tioaut. A repst iscret n ava r*Les tthnth pexsp 4 Chane squadron ordeid to amembl%, Bre :Ad 'Codrington WMl h%veteomDMAnaL The Cuckoo, 3, steam, stIln es th'am poion at the Gu-wharf, Chatham, to which A* Was rtmove a.det being raied Ysterday vw .*PsMt* pwump l 4her wa esmd ad an camIat cis helr hull Jad Ma M fonhelg tht the steamer do agiarto be aoaeleiap Inue aswsatAs beleved sso u adla.c be, ed she will be docked for the ef bego rouhyexamined. The -alooc, 21, scremw teamer, CaptaIn J. A. Faynw;. *an he Calpso, 18, CaptaIn Y. B. otrsso,, £ttIngfoe a 2tChaiham, are beang =&derlody with ld$spmtbA& Ae both expected tobe fit forss wi m ins. ' IstenOtux were0 ysterdai sUred to the receW a.. thoritlesof Her ljest docky&rs rdaerdi#g thehCli tbe RoYal dockyard brgpdes to be fortwith dIsbw*4 Thedl g a aonod kemeg to he ha tt are consequently to be calead in, &he Lctlg of te Ainiral havig considered th the lg ainouai of expendtr Incred in mAilntsig the xtaff. of *oc and me, eornpoing o brigad doe adt nudes a e_pi e "ekmr; and there being no appmat prpeot of irserires being at prsnt rqurd and socaldlAg ta*the time taken up In ex(-c1s may be othetrwe -n. plord, therLorddghpsdeiteat au0 tgmsybev,f for the reduction to le earicd out a soon as may be pratcble as rega the Asorea , Instrumets &e.,. In theircharge ad ctoy.a ,. ; A court ot $nquiry, at wch Co d fied, ,i pesded, asembled on boxrd.Xe jWssy stgam toriwp Ehadawathus oax Saturdayl&a,forteprpo e amp&Ing into the aue of the firew'lh ourred on boad#tha essel at Wcoiwih immedisaty after her arrival on the' peedingevening. Ths proeedinP eOeay to the Inqiry e rte d over tha day ad the fUollowing MO,7y 'wheon a car examination Of the engin and o9mr, e0eeda wt that depisnent and an inspetion of the, machinery, led to the contion that acc ddt wa solely attributable to the foul ate of the bolletubes, cocaoned by the inferor quaiety oi t fel provided-ni, a mixture of Scotch ad Wels coals. Thetubealthougexaintedandcleansed on the dveseanrr in the Downs, were foud ehohkedupwith bitkoua soot,producedbythentureofthefueL It appeared tt after the firs were aked outfrom bentthte fmureee body of soot clleckd in the tubes burt -with xufficenforoetorsder them red-hot ind Ignite the cang.. K blame Is, consequently, ttahedto any person, the accident. having been, under exiting rM taoeO, delrly ,Ield. able. The Ehadamnthus, accordngtoprcvlou,rsU=s# , is ordered to be pad off on the 1 ktLhi The following appointment were mde yeseday at the, Admirlty:-. Lieutenant J. S. Torldn, to the Excellent; Hienry S. Handeville, mate, to the Lynx; Charles T. S. Kenj - geon, to the Coruwaills; William Pocehe, aeltnt-ugeon, to the 2aia d; Adolph E. Park, second mnaster, to the, Dasher; zan PhUip Sy t,oo- ertot S shiooter. port,scnmstrtoteSrp TH XMTTIA. . The 4th MIddksex MM"lit wil lev llverpool to-day for Dublin in the steamers Traaa andPn* iafter theylav. dimbarked the 99th Eeglment of Foot, espeted to Arive at UIverpool from Dublin this moning. .
THR SMOKE ZNMZACE OF ZOND OA. TO THE EDrIOR OF TEE TIlES. Sir,-LOrdPalmerstons Smok Act bos been in opertioie. four or five year, and will be brought to beur against glusandpottery works onthe lst of Januay; and yet "th.- oldest inhabitant" probabl uiebat saw a sore iggravated illustration of the smoke nusaine tohn we this day ar muferingfrom. Thetrthinthat -the smoke -tuiance neverproceeded beyonda sma fracion from the few hImdred Chimneyu of our manufactorie, bit results aluost entSey fromn the 2,000,00 smoking ehimnepot of cur 350,01O .dwelling.hounes. -I *te-enthe preseut occaion toe tea l Yom- powerf aid towar& the extermination of this the grand nuisnoc of' ourmutrpol-the bleekest and smokiet cpial In the woild. There exist several klnds of vates by which almost all the smoke resulting from the oombustion of coal may be prevente&L The sabstitution of coke for coalalso prevents smoke; and, indeed, any firephoe, I having a sunlentiy 'rapid draught, produces almos to moke. Fuirther, it hasbeen proposed by myself and ethers to make ue of thecommon sewers as our grand smoke funels, wich processwould have the further adantape of disinfecting the sewers and fing the ammonia to be aftwa sed as mure soot liself being a rich manure That the smoke nuisanee of London Ix capable of cure is quite esident; and w} ;therefore,ahouldGovernnment not appoint a committee to InvstigaUte, experiment, and report. on the entire question ? No ntzlsaneis more palpal and I think none morewithin thie reach of alJelalom 1i not ~eet eore. G. WYLD, M.D.
L,Er s FORp. NotwxY.-Tnforfation havmng been received that the picket commaunicaton betw6en Denmark and Norway ba conmed for the winter, the malls. for Norway wil be forwarded throgh Sweden until furthernotice. Durnlg the period of the conveyance of these malls ri Sweden the rate of posae to be ta}en on letters addressed to Nor a dll be Is. 5d. the half.onnoe. and so on, accordn to the scale for chring inlad lettcrs. This rate comprise both theBrii and foreign postage on letsaddreued to Norway, and constitutes the whole charge to the plse. of destination and it my be etherpaid in advance, er the letrs may beforwarde npaid, at the option of the snder; eseept, however, in the C#:e of registered leters, the postage upoir which, as well as the registratnfee, mnust be pdd in. CorxRGmi Ti.gATY w SiPATw.-On the 7th of Jir lat a oonvention wa signed at Madrid by the repro_ aenttives of the Queens of Spain and Great Brltdn fur the establishment of an internaonal copyright. From and after a oerain date (to be hereafkr agreed on) the authors of worls of literatue or o art to -hom the laws of either - of the two countries do now, or may herafter, give the right of property orcopyrlht, wil be entitled to exercis thit right in the territorias of the other of such oonntries for the same term and to the .me extent as the authors of works of Lthe same waMure, if panbihed in such other country, oul therein be entiled to exrcse such right; so that the repnbliution or pircy in eithercountry or any work of literature or art pLblished in the other will be deat with iii the same maen ner as the reptbliction or piracy of a work of the. mine mature fist published In such other country ; and s that such authors ia the one country sal have the same remdies before the court of jusie In the otker country, and shal enjoy in that other omtry the sme protktton against piracy and unauthorizbd repubLation as the law now does or may hereafter grant to authorx In that country. "Works of literature or art wi bc understoodt oaom. prie books, drmatic works, =uiel compositions, drwings, paintins aeulpture, Wavi and lithogphs Tb. protection of oopyright i5 exwded to translatons. Theoovntion wile3falainfoerforaperloa of six yea i 1?Pnoroe NXw -LIxr. AmvLux.-At a tourt; otflldermn helid estay apetMeu vpce from the board of guardians of teIIeIWm .Union inhlch bhey xke hathe edjg athe ar of the iunoti-poref the i e Lct e imperfect tbMha Institued inuirtestlrh a Ee-o p tl 'with a view to in If Iatitation oDuld be ap itd to the reeption of the luxatic poor of the eity of London The petitioer therefore pray-Nat they my have the opportunitycf appoulng atthe bar ofthe ooat 6rat a committee before any funds aH albe Toted for the erectior of a new lunatic asylum In the cit. Alderm Wir moved that the petition be referred to the Gemeal Pexpoe Comnmitte to take the advice of the law offleors of the corioation upon the sbject The matter gv rise toa long aswmidon, in the Door of whch it wag stated that the erecton of a new luatic asylum it the dt wouild cost. 100,0004 Thi outlay was ebjectedto by syal member ltimately the motion for refeirngthe petitlon of the bo&rcI, Of guardian to theGenrl Pur'poses Committee Was agreed to unanimoul. ISDIAN MU=y Rx%L FVmw-.everal haud-- someadditionshave been madeto fuMawMeek, the, prlndpal of rhich are the followig:-TiM tbe county Ce Devon, 2 5L ; a second inwlment from NoWngbam oC' 1,060; from Worester a first Insta.1ent Or I1'M.; Gravesend, 486146s.Ud.; Wgdwt, 8964 lBs. 2. Sufolk, 2714'17s. ld. * and Geat Giaby, 1804. lls. W The Duke of ArgyU haso rla snt adonatlesn o 1004 to Uhe fund. THE EASmER CounT R.AXwAY.-A gentle. man, who ba foUhed us with khs ae, n nds the, following arrative of a Ouy en ths line:-. 0a Satuay afternoon I leftLondon b the230traln; t N%ine could hardly draw It Into th L*-btdke sation which I orl 2i mUes from the eotnpuay' works a Stratford. W'e started agaln, btlt same to a d top before reahlng Tottenham. In tbee or four mnnte . chance engne wa n ooming behind us; the ard t. to 3neet it and pt the daet to pAh-uE iaaiTo sIXbaoIM He st us going in and then lef s. -It took 24ZIn to pt from Ponder'end to Walthm (three maile), a then only by the assistan c of a frely rvw of a godstraln lrhojnushed us from th Ordance JatF iaj e hdWaltha 43 mlinute late th hUole distn travelled being under 16 mUs.wt-3xe~ GloLDzs-irn: Souooxs-The Losd Bishop o~ LondonhIa kindly oonsented topreftk morniz next atS. Thom C 40Sg e t In aid od the funds of deiabovo seo- CRYSrAL P CZ-()I 8 G DiY TUe day, Dec. 82-AdimIso en pa1ux 380; itto bT seuon tickets, 237; tjota ltr,OT
SALES BY AUCTIO1T. Now on View. at 6, C0ledonian.road. rig's-cross. R. DAE wMBELLby AtJOTX'ON, ont the above M -p =,, TEIS D%.Y at12 for 1. PURNI,URE &c consist. 2ng of _. her bods and bedding, line nvets, gas cheilo. nlers. drawrso loo and othpr tables, -nd vaTiouA effects. Park-village.-?Ao.lce of Postponement. 'T~HE SALE, udvertieed to take place at S, Park- T vIllago west, on the 8th inatant, will be REMOVED to Mr. Gen. 1l.halrd's suctoio roomrs. 43, Rathbone-plaee, and SOLD THIS DAY.ea, D oat 12, - salo not being allowed on the premises. On view, ende baaoge ad at the rooms. Cemnent Woske, Test Greenwich, adjoIinllg the premisea of Messrs Gists. Elliot"t,and 00,-To Builders and others. ,rVR.SAML. JOH.N SON is instructed to SELL by PuLl'l AUCTIOIN, uron the Premises, as above, To-suorrome, December 10. at 12, under a bill of sale, ICOO bu*shels of OIEHENT, railway trUcks, 40 kiln bars, 100 drytog racks, 20 planks. 6 wbeelbar. Crows, a pair of smith's bellows, capital anvil and vice all the t-Als of thu smitlhy, andavaluabte gray maze. lay be viewed onthermo7ning of s-ale. and ostalogueo had upon the premises, of W. S. Bonsaield. Esq., rolicitor, Philpot-lano, city; ard of the austloneer, 143, Aldersgate. street, Norwood.-Sss,EiLor Houyehold Fur niture, Pianoofcrt te, 1WASSRS. DEtW and MATTHEWS will Si]LL by A'UCTION. in the large ROOMS Of thG Woodreacs Tavern, opus. sItesheCrysal alac, Tmorrw. ec.10. at 11 fo 12, with. Out reserve, the Isluperr modern FURITURE r of a 12-rooe beooa.e, ro-slntissg of Spanish mahogany,tdinin°, lao, and bsresikfat t gen. fourtea, Aabin. nd the bedteas eaim coose beleaLther and bai h, colnch res, soas cheffoler, platue,linen, chIna hbooks, en- ~crE,m, Ce. Oylaw thedayalso before and thoorning o sale.Oatalogues ClathOna h Womn and of the antrtloneBIPDg , D. , IOV ahTo pega onon fieldo, Haokney_c,odem Ronshe f eeholdrture, Panofortl, and Effecels R.. ESSRS. ROBiERTS and R0o3Y Wil SELL by LY. AVCTION, on thePoIremises, G. Latedowne-Place, To-morrow, flue. 10. a. 12 the caPital Modern PUItNITURFI oemprl51g mao- gany Axabtan and ethergedsteadsaandwbedding, anddrminggtesr, BurcLisodethr crpts, mahogany wardrobe, roNerhineyaisses,roswooddraingroom suilte, marble-lop elmffnlee,ice ccncrn,l ndothr abls.mabocany hramed awlethe ehler a ~ rstae pinofrtein oreood cas,cina. &lass, and sa~~~~-atrees. tank, ~ ~ ~ ~ . Mox sturry.-Fcled lidseadAcmmoeltion rand. ~,ESSRS. WiS A~R aereceived barstmer. tclnas from theEeuoet ELb AUCTIO'e at the Makrl, TITIS DAY Dna 9,san e ix lots, avubl FRE If OLD PRdL R20~ acrso bauableg n acsommodation Iand Lowany~nt a ~er Tootnldg in t paxis of ill;charm, aot7mlsr edOn,In the courty oI Berrsas h3avingeafrontage tothhihra.ndda* to the erection of tlotren's villas. Thr s ohbrc a thad gavel of exooRloj Clachnds and at the Mte annua Rising of n Z OrrTotu uh ground rant of R3 achb, dIret from the fehle. tiln J1E. SWAIN is instrmcted to BELL by AUOTIO~,, im kat the Hart, December 14, In two lots. (unless digpo.c.jot /2 tal, thetruly eligible lonig LEASEHLOLD Esii&TA ~bon~ a~ Ldbske~ssnre1agreeably asiuste in thismteraily7 ia- Jclose thuSt. and mileand hat frns te MrbleAschand10 minutes' wAl'k of Renss5bn.gadsu, ad conan 10 bed awd droulur roomr,s bathx room,nobl drawng rense dlinig and bcecahf st roms lihraryv h wi' prtsoenrae,Mott oom etas and own~Jed omce.; eg &adn,h. The --menta' are wholly of coossete. Hoscea,u¶t nd inihedbya priTate person sosardleMs of oret, p0 mmemmlslv god an tuitnlal, witb all modern Impro* ements, 419oelomnOffredto im Public; tberefore Mr. Swain eQn with confi. nirse recomhmend therm to-ruotsa being calif made reebole. bma Le slewel. PsaitimlRul and eonltlous of sae KAd of EdWin Hedgep' Y5q.. FOliletcr, 15, Fqrnlrsi's~-ln. a t the Blart; and of the aua. UIOg, t1cc Ledge Yotting-hill, W. Valuable Clty kt 0eeb416 Gree 0104 g4Auie, Sd-ani, &a I ETT;acprisingf torc fwelling.h=qss Nog. 7. 8, sand 16 Grea4 (Janier-lane; sli bgiuss Km. ItoO inelavy, 3BoU.yuel And. one housme, No.- 18, Great' gbdrst fth whol ad-inn - d formngvaluable and lergeares, or . et, xeding -fro rand OJater. 5 to which it baa oopod r frtggem thewlhoi of o517 side of Bell.iald, Including tMe Bell inn m loclgjo* rs jtidvee.Dotbordk-oonmons. and in immaedfate ecilul to 1.8 larg e neraatile eotsbllnhmento on that side of St. X0ulOhrabrcard. PdnIOOpSIIy let on leste (tor which peemlma wore paid), expiring in ab few years, &ad lDouigapefzyt fSg per. annum, and ot the annual value of eatly £000. The property may be viewed by Perrolglon ot the respetiv tenants, and pasIticlars h of W. A. GrcatorezEa solcitor,Obanoer.lane: at Garrawas's; and of Messrs. Farebrother,da;rk, aud Lye, 6, L2ancater idece Steand ValUable Rtectoria Titte Rentt Chargses,noun to £481 its, peg sonum, imlnngout o oadIithe ip of wahurat In the count7of StL5wT. ESSS. AEEROTER,CLARK, and LYE M hae r:elvd lstrutos fremteEr oorof thelallte Charles Hardaay Riehies,rq., to BELL b" AUCTION. at GerrwaytF. THI D&, Dcemer9, at 22, TITHPRbZNT CHARGES. amountiing o £81 I..yetannm, beling part of the reetor1a tithes arI&. Ingfro abut ,84 acen of land, ahuate In the paclh'o( Wadhicest, in te cunt ofSoaer,receivable from highly rpepctable owners and ccupenr~md w ichprduced for the g~arendlnag1in October, 1897, £28) 1. Particulas my be bad of our lne3 Eq., May. ReI Suse- o Msse.ralmer, Palum-, awd O N,soitr, , Clar, ad Le, , Lncaterplae, ir nd. Auction Mar% Shares. 1ESSBS. FAREBROTHER, OLARK, and LYE J3A will BELL, at Garraway'., THIS DAY, December 9tb, at It~ by direction ofthe Eiectoesof the late Chas.Eardawsy Hltohigs FEl TWENTY-THREFe£ISHAEE" (aillpaid) in theAUQPON7MARpf Rartholornew-lare, with the dividends accruig due and reteiable fin February next tin 5 lots). well secused, and free from all enummbranoes and liabIlIty. The dividends for seversl yraan part have been £1l 1s.. Mannm, pr obse, iib un ctagnal nuLParileplars uray be ofer i e.slctr Mayfield. Burst-gren, l3ussex; of MEsersPalmner. PaSlmer. and Eu I, sHoleiors, 34, Bedford-row; at Genre.i way's: and Of bleas". Ffaebrother. Clark, and Lye. 6. Ianeeater-piaee% Weeitninter, near to Yarilamoni-treet.- Valuarble Freehold Invest ments.pDdueic £183 anm 1rESSRS. FAjIBROTrnfT,CLf~K al~nd LYE, iV.wlI8 ELL. at Garsawa' eWdeda ext, Dec.16, at12,jn Ave lots, IfUNREEOLD . VESTIdENTS. complsiog live litick.bulls hopses two with chops beiug Nua. 17, I819, 1P, and I, Lowee Osown. street, Parllament.streolnzWontthnisiro oaccingion tended New Government Ofiee., letc-to -yearly the nIito,t. %un. £183 per annum. Mey be viewed and parleeluhadc fD.s Ecu., sicitor. 16, Llnooln'alnln-fields; at Garraway's; and of Mssu,: Fanebrother. Clark, and Lye, 6, Lanoaeter.plac, Steand, Berkeley-hours, Springt-gadens.-Noble Fasiily Manalon, with CJason. houses and' Stabbing, held direct from the Comwn, (with posession). MESSRS. FAREEBROTHER, CLARK, and LME 1.lare Inetrueted by %he Executors of the Right Hoe, the East Ifurhardingeto SELL atuarraway'a,WePmea~Asiext. Dec. 16, MIl (unless an acceptable offer Is previously made by ptiTate contract), the LIfASE (withL Cocamoln of the capital FAMILY MAiSSION, dIstInguished as Iekeley-hbouse, jBeelno-gardans. Peculiarly adapted. fron. Ies contiguiy to the Houses of ranLirment and the Goverrnment Office. for the ern. petloti of a Minieter Nf state ce a mnember of the LeWsature. The mmanioncontains neble suitesaofreceptlonzoors,edtInig2rooma, lbru,ry principal and secndary bed chamber., and servant,l apartments, Dspa clone entrance-ball and stone staircase, with all sequidlie domuetle oafices ; a range of stabling and coach-houses, with carrige sweep and entance fromn Gookepur-street. and a gardn in the principal float extending tothe park. The wholelheld direct fromn the Crown for a term of yeers at a moderate rent. May be viewed by tickete only, to be ebtafted of Heame l,erebrother.Ciark, and. Lystancaster.laso who pazticulars ury be had. Particulars also of Mewsr. Ndi,Davn.e sgreet, Borkeley-rquaze: and at gamrawasy's. HIOrseens-road. Westmioster.-TQ Contractors, JobmiaterN, and othere.-Extepstve Learebold PremWele, with posesIon. ESSRS. FAREBROTHER,dR, and LYE .LY.wili SELL, at Garraway'e, on Wednesday naext, Dec. 16 at 12, by direction of theld o etage under his power of sale, the L-EaE of the specious PREMISES, situate in Bonnee's yard, Horseferny.pad, Westminster, late In the occupation of Mr. James Buebee, deceasea : comprsing n encosedyard,extenive tbing for 50 horses, sheds, captallo inandwOkshr, ercte wthi afew years at conidderable ~~rd t icieema la).tth biin rntOf N,5pe annum. May Lenaatr*pace Stand ofwho patlclar.ma Caroie-lPartcularsd also of Thold. Brate,Br, Uolclor 5,elindo-aret, O&4eyedlhquware, and at Garraway's. R., GAIRDwill wiLSEL by AUCTION, byte e iLUCap oambeil on Ten.on ederay, Dec.mb181, at A OU 'clockil HiliEwell-built DoW.E2,I7NG7-OudS7, bpeigCr yolin-plae,t Wval nd haim-rad, heldfo and unexptoiredtem ofe30nyear, auta low gpron r.nt, andsprodulihguseelI may be annu ed Pariculersfmayebeehad a theanoulonhaed's ondices,r1to W tdmlhae, saln fG.J berwdl Fand8, Chan-, LradongdLeesatiol Eeateins.Upper veyolsr-stei Zoakley-sqtuae oita TaTem, "-rut foPaueraf. E13SRA. HAMMOND al SELLOyAUCTwiON bEL M by.ceeroftheN a Mortgagee,at GRoouaw8 Oay'ecfeehoune, Tohange ally orbll,onTnsOy,Deemer15 atn1d roURwell-built H01iSES bein A o. 72 md4 andder , Uppe Lemu-tet;allIn Wnnu kTh sevra housesrayt be Hiol b laeo hetnns Patclr had seven daS prior toE ththeefG .Dla,q. o Bunlal's-Iwno, and bter. G6airue' ofie i,Ttebn.oroD. Dearly new Funieture airy on Aoer Glbs 1Sur ino b ilraadrltoed, Washin Mahn,A10vl.~fBos itnso LuTmavern, .-Pa QDfo rent. W ) J.W andA.SothT.HA uMMOeND L a d EIOAR wl nSeLL ClAbaude N,Ttelrbgrt Room ls,o8 Mlacr.a ormr-s rW,.e 0 l super iwis T.an S. mahogay n roseA. FUayr. onUIE oiw thle mora characer, ingod condition, law and Bmiaeewlwnbeou irr, BaNgallstreet,lo ofEgln,bte nna cese 81 oin, ateca' Cy iCoadil,45vly.,HRumS'hs ngand, foli, 10,4 Ciand man=seu "r wrk, awre Prisanoforte c y Brodoo. ksmahoa. ls B.l R.EILYKSWMIBELL byAUCTION, on the lU Buehamcames, asabvea,-ozo DaI~lecremer cit, atHI UDAYck Deith9,ut 1esunc,tuah'e a ASUE RHMB GER of a ncitadng mue- Hobbime Greuze D. T~enes bad pe M. ESSR. Fe TE are directe Coop BELL bhyeAUC OnTiew atthemong Gf zle, and catl-all.ogxueshd atyf,, eeber sihaw. chambers,Baiga -LTr&HEeht,city, inldnouetrAotl Eo,11, Cearye,-atrDoet,Pcq' aIpDllyPateshiadGlda'irhter Liec, ohms,g Godntbplugre, qareth Pinoohe try Br ofad, od hiho.at aBno LoAtty an Qpa frmN.e Arabian and Eothrbdtas, ofbedsur aind geddin wined ndohecwarrob. critof rawrs,mabltee aindthger14 tOld tabls, nd he uualappndaos; oseoodogit,han othme draweing Wxednesaand moemFrningrof rmale;ad Oa laroges had on theBemss and alo fromily aiuctioneer roo. 87t Mut-etCubc-ha,mboeenrs ra Ceblclarn0 cahoIematio neat o entsrfall sealece Vitaes,1feed 1ntieblo E Wine,FOSTErs are vairbecand ito eLLitn by -NAUC-t 1promroly ofaCSMan otftRchoin IE,icuig ueIrAeil laeShry ot thernc' Rooms,= , Palr-sret,aneuol SherFaIesa, of uf Gzrdoyn'st stIppfor all puthesey,bherr exelenoft hiohqerty aURDInURof ,dfety oharet from . cud,ocnstonal ndSosrsaofBodeau,g vitagls fute 18f Portn, nearl8 ozens, bym Retire,t maiS chimnoftey caue Wine. In pAts valuabeles SautbLerrne14, andom ueu,ISeaseO from0ozns0 toee an drand on'a ditry llr hmpge n onition, Smple, b paiongefr and ordersy tropvertyandtae tore winestrineofthhelas mayne hrwi rBEnL days prOIOr ato theisle THe lwineea also be ad at thce Jaut Ion. iey aubl EA ExeLetU of.or aund irture,remooe S m large hAN USeRPTatomawther Iband also litromarysuitlemofnro oomatsthe CLubor Rmega.la ie Ordor by emlinenCout omurg, beatil REngraingsru tAnglitp rofs),an Pinoet sinbrbaicandLMa.UnThematiclOfntruets a3 email Ctellar ofexced Cinyccer dWine,te bygrs Wfand vsuabne an inemrkabyting NI yoi-Nathet pro etvey of Ma bool Ianbirorn. n onitn,umtg e BooamsDve t aue. 3 Oxfyk d ord-te,nea roemPatheo, onk Colecidaynex tt lIerit12o Taoitusl,tbe Vexcellent odeSpr,lrn FUR 1UR,a Inludngpy daingm room dining coeotorn:andlbay fehsud wasoe as, courhe inodeasy cnhairos,tinscrd o ohDeniet, and set vauf l diningstbele.,siteo cutoais pianeof;rortles oby emineturmaked chimneyandlttm piergasrs, chefongnterm abnes& fomayour-et oorabdian, anbrats ebedstedsoand lmooknrrasspnes wokMutas-tandsr draweern, draces;singrar tabeseat. pises sopnmel Meiand mai;mahematica niumns aluanpbopbleengavworks afne feeashion.rayube viwe enhurd and motrdaningMofnsale,riand eatscataloubes bad: Itin te t raryn rousrcep Sofou std anuscrp. frompshm thMr LJbraryNof atLithery Gentlemiban. w o MEaursyDr-S1.at4ith S. LI em ooTl oeB lot anbjd tooHN WiiLnito e toNu aroutoneerd fltr,ypoetysu ok illustrativel oInthefn Dart,ill SEL bydle AUTIn,a theiutyO rL, House,n 3.nWellingOnsreet St.ofrolrand, n Tmeadow,adecemb rer15 ad.five fl ci OfefectatCoenistatieinishiggly rtspectnabunlie, aegbflrhoead. lmd ad itheretn I31w5ck upong vellm mote tte R igypat o tHon1the VLcntury cin teCrewd e anneothte byuilya Cartay(on,ia reoarsal ie ofcopy cofuhi ecsively rUSare oot, aninaurdisttine conditonn,yfrotm theburlya' coletionTh hirste sdito ofuTditus, bye Vinmdelnd is,6 circ 1m0, eas fne copy, torntheurkl colelenceTion: manyte andscac bhootts,esforn toacletr curiositiHes wof ltoertuereando autdograhtetters; l.Ibrr hfgagentlema ofcutvior,many yuearncnnectroed wih at, mbracusindrsom Ke:nsington-gore.-Elegant and nearly new Fomiture. choice Cabinets Cok,Bronzes. Plahted Articles, costly Satin Curtains, valuable China, and other Ornaments, seycral cmare of Stuffed Birds, a 6jctave Cottage Plaiofotone, in walnutwood cawe. a Pony and Har.nesr, a Plony Pheeton, Ohina, Glass, &c. ~II'SSRS. ROGERS and DEAR are favoured with ii.instructions to SELL by A'UCTION, ona the Premises, 5, Lower. gore, Hyde-park south (facto'- the Dak) on Wedreeday, Dec. 16. at 11 rec.c tie,thecotlyF~ TUa6~ of a bUen residence :-The drawing room sunits, in carved walnut, corn pies lee, sofa, coccaonal. and ocher tatles and chairs chimney and YIcr glas-es, girandoles, rich velvit-pla carpet, elegant steel and other endets, costly pink and geld r-ltin hrocatelleocurtains for the three windows - ditnin noons appen. dgess In carved oak, and the olegant Ttudor cha%re covered in Rtusia leather, Brurcels caipote. do. ; the chamber furniture, including an erpensive 4 ft. G In. brams oarnaental French bedstead, with rich blue figured-satin furniture, lined with silk, a ladies' mabogany wardrobe with islate-alas door, marble-topped and other wash-stands, and nn. mnerous valuable effette customary to a gentleman's residenre. .The Lease of the Housee (wbhtch ioiIn beautiful order, is held for an iunepired term of elaht years at the small annual rent of £115 includin ex0elesnt stabllpg), willbe offerrd for Saleall o'clock, May boe vee the day preceding the rile, mnd cataogues had on the premises; and of the auctioneere, 213 and 24, Ss. Georrge's-place, Hydedecak-conner. Xe E.Vauab!e Pireelhold aruns, Laudsi. and Woodlands, at HIlig He&dooro Boughton. kalherbe, and Emaren MIjESSRS. CMB have received instructions from .LAthej rropiletor to offer for BALE by public AUCTION, at the Beil Inn, 7,aSatdeone, on Thursday, Decem ber 24. at 2 for 1 in the af(texnoou,. (uxnless any lot or lots iallbat rviulydspsd fb VrIvate contrict,) the following (with- other) valuable BliEHaOTI) ABRMS aod LANDS '.-Lot 2. Two Colttaes with garden, orchard, anod a-abl"e'ld, in Upper alling, in-the -pariahl of Italling, fronting the hgighway from WrOthem to Rochester cnann a r T a the Rev. James'Forraby. ana Seally tenanm IL. The whole of this lot consists of Hailing ohalk of the brat qualitr. Mot 0. A Esyn --Buildings, and Farm, called fibiseway Farmn, containing, withhbal 7ead 248a. Iir. 2A, in the pIrmnaes of 19iadoomn and Boughtoni IWalbebe, &"JO glngbte p-Ad frOin-HoIdoorn -to Boughton Maioerba. letto Mr. Bs-ia OMnoffe-e,an&,teyint, The timber. downtols. a stuck, to be, tarken by -tbo purekesr ky valuation Lot 10. A Farm-house, beltn '-33, dDg and Farm, WrI od MacOICyF Farm, containing, with fatrom Sm t.'d r ob, coe fl! of Smarden a%~oilrngtho road. fromSm.,dex toHsao.. etto..Mr. Benjamin ffen, Mayeam'l tenlant. Tbo timberT, tlWntoIs. a clck,tobhe t4ken bythepurchase of a.'mabebd-,ne~onio wrtte apliaton apcto actoa tnale -~~itie 6MOiet-DIt, M R. ROBERT REID reieRhrll In t G nb. To-orrow-, December tha 10th,-Gellgtere, cf MDWELLINGS T ELwill, SELGrn, to 9614. er ant t nd c er ot years uex at a o otenant. Pcartinlaa aybhMAdde'.5Zont eu t Te-imorcow Dcbeth O.-Amwlate, a =tl wberh th* . tb. My° x d Bob I t, oa., 4S,a -A fOhold lnveztrnent prodeIn 1f. pemrannum R. ROBERT REID will SELL at G a M,VJ To-morrow. Dec 10, at 1t for I a omma~tn ad oeulet PRIVATE RE13IDEN-CE. wlI. s"ig HO x well-streek, at the comner of River-street. e ., £73 18., per anutur, amdbhld for f5yt of £614l. per annum; Mib, bevlewe e,nu f t s PaM Garw and ot.f: Mr. Robert ed Tomarrow.Dember thoothaetr eenA well secured profit , r .ofL7 0. per annum for 2 yeauM private dwellin. being No.10 Oerkenwell- n,wit zSkI!I and lote on an agreement held brl2ears nexpiGred, a agoiudret f 10 et annum, a Gamwa's sd f r.RobttRed,43 Gee Moparlhoo m. us To-morrow. December the 1leh-1Pleetu-rea.A eremdrental or £lise annum. tb~epryo r.Sbn hrs Mt/R. RoBN RT REiBen 11scBLDa ar3a orderofthe T atee, T o E L a sraAy, *mTwo-moeidelsroi ar. Dheenmabteri a et 12f a LEA IdHOLD RoTATE, com e valuabeatensive Zoralses N Ssil bbury-cour-, le-te,ndoe.tMm ,r stCl 0oUlngat a clear rental of I0 per annm, a h o Merton Colege, oxford, for an unexpire&term Of30ersaagoa rentofLiper annum. !W' e viewed eollrofteent, Particulars may be h*A of (1. anal be vlio 86 e atreet, Olavendlah-equare- at Garrways adOf M.Bhs ed 5 Great Msrlboroujh-tre. Tilo-orrow. Ddeemabertbe l h.-Gv Bs ln Inv-A esdment equal to told,bei ld f er uneitcred, at a peppe corn, the Prop r. Bad HeaXeder l l R. ROBERT REI ill a a Mi by order of the Trueenro Theorill, Toemorow10Dcembe a'i t2 or 1, TWO SHtSadDRLfi1Kg Iad3,Ly stall-street, at fbe corer cbe Totltoeet, ua a, le an2 amouting to £50Iper annum, atd,houd reeb o re.uled at. peppeown, hlar. be v te byu thernon. The tent 2rtocnellr tny be had of K, G. banSell, Req. soct 5 bkreet. avendishs.squs,re; atOarwys ae rt~,ra Marlboroughsttreet. To-mornow, Dece&brthe tis,-Fu.lMmro s.LA AnntdS re- Villa-Xnvedwent or ,at±on I~I.ROBERT REID wil BELL, at Granway'sa LU.-morrow. Dem. IS, atI2 fori, a LA8E7OLDEeml-d eteh VLA, 11, Vlctonia-gnove, New Bromptco.n. god In kr o niently arranged,han"5 contaInIng ample acomdtofiana tjsmly. and wit istefely displayed garden, The estimated safiln-' value is 50 gulneas, term unexpired.68 years, ground rent £7. Imi - mediate possesIdon aan be had, and the puchsr aytlspto purclaec the furniture t a Tvaluation. I arybea vwed Partilsarn s maybe of Tohn WatnReq., s20oltor, 10, Btereuaro tat Garrawas; and of l. R obert Reid, . Grat Marlborough.streL To-morrow., Deember the 10th,.-u Ba w ld win.-Votot for Middlesex adure,aelc fAssuranee, Revevreonury Life IntereAt,olute rersIons to money In the Funds. B. ROBERT REID will SELL, at Garrawa, 8 Mi by order of the Asignees To-morrow. December 10.at Wog 1h In dAe lot., a FREEHIOLa DeROPERTl, lOinDrllug No. S06 High-street, Poplar, in the ournty of Middletex, and a hous ean gprden,iN. oD4, Sangtead Xttages, in the Parih of Baetelais the county of Surry. let on lesse, at ground enot of ca ande2 c 5, orsrecotively. A policy of asusurane for £B700. effected In 1843, with the Victoria lAfe A'uranoe and Loan Oonpany,on the lufe of a geuti esmaj nowfihiibs 62d year, withathe bonusesthereon. The reversonary-life intmet of the bankrupt aged 54 yearso,conUtngent on his survving his wife, aged 46 years, In the sum of 42,000 Thre pDer Cent. Eank Annuities: and the abrolute reversgon to one-seventh of £200y3 3,i Consola, rand, £1 78 9aul ed.w Three eroe'Cent. Bank Annuites receivabeon fithe , deebeC cht of a ladyred ears,rand altoone-seventh of £163 Is, lCd. Cools and £650 NrewThreeper Cent. Bank Annut. ioes, o tlon of cevef P rs e Mal oflesdrs. Dona Bowkerand theabe, solctor,, hI hmall-treets a lt Maree nd o rt, Rei,4 a Mal. On rDaeu t, Dec. the 16th. -Bo.97, WrrmsIreee,.4goJame ' aTn wteb ade Funtuore 61colave Gran bd ana colectilBovn ofin clve Water-bonorDawntgs,and E80ct,vhreetlr lIaL ROBERT REID will SELLho the Reom soop craledainD eableHouse, onxdo e bile from k l oobeyanfve dmie, ro wagor,etsel Staos, bonthe Oxfor, broretiz er andWvr ptoakn llce ot a n chadiy, Decem ber 1 tt4dauhat0 urtso'clok e cseatly on abion, ot rh nrumanboedrtof otea wOelmat modern g U- waheatudt itanud ttlus rewig tabdiee iter:t)OpYts Coftrute e NITURlea, soprlna dWerawin roomYe mstocIn bY2g cand ama sreiekAbng lses, sfa.nne dres, andbtt oSmSran asl cads, gln asdsrbeote gad cepcianofoctevby Wbtinu, w&tarno d c3DblotoLu ROBER REIDn wiu SELL atd hiers Roofoe Great Mfi orug-uree, (wooE ber e thet M3kyl be sSve n8trem p acm cInvey-glass (ot rte) o 6 body D8 etofme Spb,anid mahoan teledinne wat g2gon Brussels eache , heathergs brne feeders and vlio, SOCK bl al n chairs, pair sBY,' hall withe vters,ea mahonyufour petl.dingtabin and arngieian bedteadexcellent bedeing mtrbilte to whermsand anvr wo n drofe teable, bM wtmep, atS of drawersugh robesng n doeen, a llecthond lever p*a re y ngs, water-colour dal-. los,inner^ and btiea serTices utl glass, kitchen;o Preiite, ankdA efecS25 iday be, viaew 13, oted on2 Thursda prcdn the3 sae Caalogue maud be. had on th dprzeinsesd also atned whiteHa, Moreton; and ocr On DecemWber 4th 15h,and lib.-o, 22 Jerinyn-sret,o ci-am' wadell knownfrm dof Maeit, t77 doen o}a t0AanDt sreom TBusinewss, no wnit in tS7, Soln, wfhoaertring iLl. Grea 17ton Mvhearoug-trec (whlb dUereS the stro7cks3 wilhermb fonve Tnienca e ofem sal da Decmber 1 4t -hT e and to fobllo-i STOK ofrolISIO&Gic lbYse call ofu the ber besa mnd.tus TdwIldi Seale, and barege ying lm,pated larlaels eltr Mount BUEW Rn B EM^2 WM their ao;" 2 t hiset Rooms. r manv siver warle: bYronzetea-urnaer of the xee of ctomuTe In- Ing 10 dozen of vory wh andle d knvs, 0 seudt of dlrhftoers pplar Anhand7 battled tr1aysand wa12toers opuper, Jamm cal Ctleo.srt, ke ISttlesd,1et 7 sw everal m an ds, esok, orai, Bcaoles and W13#tf Vint ke 1Abttles, sa42ceptans,boles.87 De and moud,,lasun I 6 audoxe f every drle. bcri w on eig veryud suerieso oilcsterns apabl ofholding 1600Ws gallns, taw sam's an0dobrzien r'stools,DetrgA Mhop itres, andoubr effnClects. May boen viewead ton Saudaye are eg and mrn wings of salen Clong in thm be ha ae residen 97, JermCnaprtDn ahndoofte wM Rbertteied, 48o GurebatMarlboroyugh On tsArse da thceme o 2thf od aeg l sa 6do eachdce Wnes obtate bntidoed Ser,oren,oDeceased, Ing at his labt e tdal ofiosu, AMount MPeasant, Unhet Cap c ato ue b THI MoEndaY ,au evenl" e^1 n folow Ing eventgs, at 6 h-Byf4T GATE anE RED), at theLr Rooms, 2 Fleistreet ot Grematn Mrboine oughatree by order of the T custeaoef . oh Boustluogdea of Uewhkand Dsents foulldo and dry oofet'ghthstrams itage 84, bttled 1851-2-3 12 dIblozeon oulr,Jnes Btand C.' II e vBintg L8l4 G botld187 maevera small parcls o Pot,63 BlOUc'..11 WaLoTrR1 vitae D 13 bo 1TO 2 I TBaohas 1o3n y orne and Ca andndt's, lwarelour andawtho' - 20 howedz urwitk and Den MaFrdeia, frdoeni CDae.1tw ndfozlwneen nd w oenCan Gorobta eh anree . notlin the ceooasft residncea beA tate caPt th rotieo *eatsn sueraboles (li. 4.each) ca-ng beotie JD USerJIaNand Turnier's toeharboursW uzaaS Ma rlbevotewet, and cItalogues b a& t be hade OnISEVEndu ts, ayond eenfoloing g t e GATE, and BABRBIT tterBos le-tet oof to the whoonle sale rad onie reeiptwof eight stms TR. aic lou E Sabull .SE by and e e en aetBON GAT angrnduTya tteeIs oo aA2N o oAetrFeR, TLLfUTRATE Bo1s mry ndo bookcne, by an;ed waeterl nolwin BsE,La bey Aviewe T o nest hadh Calferlma ev oeni nuega, De. 1noatl own eernings,2at 5s, be yOTH. GATm andte lo ARgIIrfkteU, eat btherRos 2nd sfleet-sntret.ocionl end fany t abdlepo Turners arburs ofwt E lah , tu e, whole ofthe remainin kitcopes,In artists proofet oand oSxter rtste s May be viewed, and catalologuesxbad, T.uaYlantE,D aa onumenoas6Sects ofybeneveli, the and To abInt Binnersaw. othetrs engaged tla nuf*ctare ofe fibrot s R. C. FURBER will sEbmit ty pAUbli CO,PEt TII. .wihutr.eve.t the AuctionRos.1,HgHeen,n Hut,dartDeolomeatw. forme, pcity nlenWaytheDSOC 23 intRADE for ,tl valuableNmu Imp~,themnvectogoa largasotmeInt ofD hoemetmaaheld.furnIture. ookased 'Wardrbes.hevl Dscr-eens, lardinleemP cetanutO mattvegttohanae been fUaY pthoaledgec brot s spat maDufacturers, and offers baie eellentrJewansdinuers ndIteffieldtPlatheri the nnslanureZa Watabeec &aC-Taurs at tDe r0 ,d a te Lw nsus , DEBBWEI",STORe!,g and SUn.wore 1IE1R. tt.eFURBER .wil teeBoELL by gUCTIN, To-n th TaENTS01th aove RESIDNCge.fcomr:in v roeod drawP0 roomsuit, lunge, fateels, acy hais ban isoas,cnt rin, OccasIonal, ornaentl Iem, brllint lae cimny-gaess briintel paining, tabls, xcelen Brrses crpes, uits o wutalnshsinesb rabiv,an Three Days' Sale or Watces, Clocks, Antiu and Mdern Plate, oeatls Jeels, and v ious highlo y lores In the Defender 3Fire and Life Offie. ur b e hs IMdESR t a TO, and SONtodr0; will 3nd twafolowlng en disla o a3 s byOE ReErtOUS VALnoUABES by whichfuller 8partir Ear Eiar Oee -Kwaing-treet Cov0ent-gardenU, Dcc, 7an, 187 dWiJ°hOScthI5PP Broadbrlge, ad todr; HarmtSonmunrisby Alran,;Hrsb SCOTCHER will SELL bY AUCTION, lit LItihe Rooms, 21, Old Ronristreet, Piccadilly, THIS DAY, De.D 2, a 1 fr 2 pwars of15 nw an sc and fl PAO. }3arues, Surriy.-To ]asplUen a-oshcnt-An lchdrnd t blard deClla-nd Hrouwehold caeniture an d sqoouas of o- dscription,M harmniu3s by ol-laur2 e by ead, momet z7SR.TOGHILL. and JACIKSOi beg to SU. a ait fcuethnat , flutes crnopeadnstrutandshe frmusic. On viwTHeIda DAio, aD mong of sale, CTalmoes hadit therieyootn orf G, ArnoilErqy, D!ONem solicitor,rrecea owel-maenHousbehotldFurnitue anblbl Eect.;otM Draingan &watdingroowSites ovesuted Inv atin anbmrocaded fine * Tabls noblerChlimney-oglasesnolp of-laaetdenimons, with Cees aotable,a magnifilen oo8-feet 12hi and tortomeshellabinet lvet neial ar nd othert1 rpt anod ditug, erui ofol Clo,t , e e v caltuable DredenChna ndOrnmenalEffct, 7e2 Spanih malr.au stads DessngTales Wrdobe, ndonthder Effcts withou reserve,~~~~~~~~~ta Wouemd with lawuUe, rm ~ z~e.a PasdrRb ,.nXq,o ATTO.ithe Premise 6 ar,sawkig= ufdog,T,etwDec. Roto bOb, Tigxpwsolaehu,a heteIoe. beb OK;om.dni.a Memer-owei W19100 elo4 M anddf , Smeado ha. weeo hold Jurafture and Effectg, ~pMA.RSHbAY1II sold the estate bagrae lved ukaoMmsb-om t exentors of the late £IxadeBobest. s0n, to 1 SECLL by AUCTION, on the Prismleq, Bricn-ows naWo amdGilfe.onFia next. DeO&i t1,tectll HOUBEHo URNLI'UE;, eumpelfisigfn.t ino n othr edseas, eabubed,, matsreuee and in,eu o draer. Wahetndaanddreming table., glas~n h ta id tah eda bremUleeg* at theAne Hotel, (hldod Wht at Tueda OuTesdynet D4 e a,ndnlo then. tINr aetlm an now aged Z "eArt,expotant a'. the seea ~hsfte (aed66). t*tbe following AMfibl~ADVOW8ON and FRIT EE BINATIONS, Tlz. 1-To a 3Asing -in N cpahie h ppra tlon of which isUnder 00,iktecewmlsro a ie o', of the clear mine of Lids pe annium; the puowt inoumbent Is labi 63ycar. The Perptales Ceray of a village in Kent, the ponuuattn, Of whichl is about 210.-A sItuate three zelIes from * market town. and of the estmated value cc CA4 16. per annum,h lt bosu soi garen,g tePsest tinatment i n, his Ml5heaa. TeaKiegosyin Ken 8 epo- ltloofwbIhico s about W00, stuate four-mliegfro market town, With recory7 homse and 36 acres of 8lebe, the cormmuted tithe rent" ch 1g6i4489 er snnum, the Prean Ineuoviberot isin bhi 46hya.A. Leog y in Kent. the popolattoa of which is undj, 260,EituAte two mIle.fromtainarkettwn -.with 22 aces or gebe, thelithe sent cha¶In soinmutd at £195' ISo. peVon;th rs Incumbent a insEgb yeair. Partlcnlara,wIM~culln 0te a be obtained at the Maxt; of Mewsr. Harrison and Lewis, golIcitorst, , New 3loswell'out1lincola'a4nnu; and at. Mr. MXarsh' offeee (Lis. Tuerday next, aeleAnetiOd Mart, London.-B Mr. MWARS N il of Chaslotte.row. Manslon.-hooae, loadoo. on Tuesday next, the 1Mb. i,ab of December aLt 12 fof 1. In oneloW. V ALUAEL19 Reversion to a Freehold E-state at V Louth, in thoe out, of Linoln, and to veeios sums amon Ing otetber to the suim of £12,602 13e. 6Gd. Invesed on Motggea= sbet thea 3fat neo otmseble anslreeponaible. troika, subjct t a oLtag lot secnring a aiim of £6,660, daie 19th Nor, IBM3 with interett at £5 per cent., alao subjtct to an annuity ot MM0, payable tos la ~y. In her 8lrd M.a andl lso subject toa wontngentt annuity of a further aium of W -yeair to lady In het 57th yeac, in eameshe shall xurety. ber huaband, now In his 63rd year, pa sile fromd the tirde of bis deoase together with the whole moean. and estate ofRobert Newton Lee, by orderoCCJamesIlraas orgo,m W. S. Edinburgh, the fu, tee, In whomn sucb property is Teated in, terms of theankupty (uitand Ac, 156.The~r otymay beviewedby porMIsAOts ofthe tenui%t., adpertcularsb oL3.1. ombiors,Esq. solictor, Badngball~c1limbers. 79, Baslnaball.street, London - ana of te trateo a.abov: an Joh Muray,inn. toicitos, 52, 5t on-house.t ucdnw ~ WALER BRTONwillSELL by AUO. .A3.TIN, t hs oom, o Threay nd sidy,Demetoler 10 and To Linendrapes Silk Mesro,mo eaes MR, WLTERBURTON~ will "S 0.'y I IO.at his Rooms. kBoda 3, te-h mro Dec. 10, at It precisly, taoeSDKo and=q PE SUM MEIOE, Curirsin te uua asormet.On vieiwWedne9fy To Rlband Wrbohommen, ISapra, and Shippers MJR. WALTER BURTON has been faLvoured witht JjjntraUetoas to SELL by AUOTION, at bhiaRwosos 3 Broadway Ludgate-hl, To-nr orrow. Dee. 10, at If predwlsey the STOO)K oEs RM&IN DM AtN)FAOTURItt, couprleisg 4,600 pIeoes of rich Coventry ribands. Onview Wedneday, from xIDlto4, and catsisueus at the rooms, or by poet onapplication. 'N.B. Air. Burton respecttUll calls the attentlen of large buyers to this stock of goods-'. To Woollendraors T"..±andMnu annfactuse MI.JR.WALTER.B RTG as received instructions .LJ.to SELL by AUCTIONW,at hsboossa, 3, Beorda u4toehIll, on Fridy Dec. Ilth, atl12 to the minnte, the STOOV of Mr.Waker uudsrilelo, woollen warehouseman; consisting ot 6400 yard ofbroaolobe oeskng,Witnys,andmiautleae othr, all whole piecs adinirs-rae eodutoo, nd stck o redy.a'ie clothes. On iewWedecdy, romlOo 4 whn ctalgue mabh hid at Capital modexm!FuznIturs.-... York-stroet, Foeiuan.stQuare lid!R.ELGOOD will SELL,onTuosday nex, Dec.15, LT.without iresere, the handsome and excDellet YUNITURFp Including seTeral iron bedetas,four-poet ditto, and capital beddin, hangingwarorober, and allugal chamber artiles, drawIng room, suite chevaacreeB Fmmla ttrpee, caita dUning tables, stdeboet. o MR. ELGOOD and Messrs. LAXBE ard WOOD .kare instnucied to SECLL by A-UCTON, on Thurda" the 17th tail. (the lease basing been sold), the HoUSEEHOLD PUR10IUTj. bncluding cabinet azticlee of superor manufscture; comprisig the usoat bsd room. appendages, capita wardrobes, be., sets of dra siug room bluie fgured n.erin aro axnkandauing, for six windows, witht to rosewhocWs wair,das dptto,k sofabs,olute suiTeo heandlomen,tablecabines, pOrfo liostandt0. Trade,l ln tamps eaesadTr carpts1, so chlofa dcionin ofl sideboard§ on carvd SoPIRIT&,d tabewne adsarcopags adltcnIn morocoo , lim hobetraytbe and Q, 4chaIrkshai aumnuore chiag and gshere, dof esntic rezolis, Monder v armooselest Coheeu ',aand Wo, O Nwndea'street;g Chmangnof br. )aody 93, Ton. bothtlaedwinae, kand copiie,e 1oz.asolTecoe oald.-ForGktemn gFodml abipping, years s, b ttle Tra0de. and othebrs.dPok0ku' thln.leMart, oposie.56dre Bnkof nldand.Tayoe sedaiDc.iig,2 andspiit.in on cosis Ofpips.hotbeaui ndSberry rr.ck 4dz.itof supeiorPoci an Shrrie, o Matine's,MouIeOrO,, amn Ol e,16 Gocbur's,andSademn'sshipig, lisetawe brany, fo bD.The. botted ine, b., cmprse 4do. vey coic2o' Poulrt,y ad. ' shippistng,1 yasIn Whottie; 60 dut.fveldy Strorold Port, anckbUrn' dof aer SoapBoll Serry,d Oilsmannssbpi o. UfeledM eb oideeheofry; O. cn s,'hrattndy,Sc. 89Sampl bot-le.rmay De.10hsdonat 1 th Mayholtentedtat ttnuofire a of theiautio neertwodans pricklto Esal. of a oap Biler nd Oiman. nrerered el,.b ptapr, kc..the ve. ne d theo Rrnsll. astaboveTomrrw Dec.i ab th, at 12,so the m ktheStouresand plont ompriein andstneam boisler,thre ofpGreathYree irM EnS,StemS. s soaT mooPd and fvoured, weighifngmchie. ret ostr om the Exoioecutrs28,tPoulatry. ir hmbro,Pq &orfOLk.by AUTION,a at to e Ielhtul Hitot, nearw the rive Wt,d' veneyand wo Ralway I.ttln ithn abo outs, oDo thoudtxe mar.n kth 1tow dandy r of Beecber, and an easydie importast and highly Taluable PROPERTY,.sidtute at Tuft Monks6 Aley,.Haddlecoe, and Wheatacro AUl Saints. i L ofl,aaihfe tldiotrit Lot 1. A capita AMansion, with stable., coach-house, and oflices, gardens, pieature grounds, baSils farm-house, excelent agrleiltural buildingr e6veral cottage, for labourers, endupDwards of 32 acres of supeerlor amDble, old pDasture, and Ate grazing marsh laud and thriving pattion-. lying excedingly compact, in the parishees0 'tloft Monks,gAldatby, and Haddiscos The mansion is surrountded by about ma cros of rich old pasture larcd, well studded with ornamental timber and fine old oak pollarda. It eonarands pleasing views 01 the river Wa. veney and adjacent country, and contain sa good entrance hall, dining and drawing rooms, each 242t.by 2tft.. study, upperhittincroom, gentle. nman's dreestag room, 6 bed rooms, withx 2 dressing ci Tti2 servant3' a'tia, water-clret, butler'. pantsy.wlne and beer sellur, tebeng and domertto offies. The gardens and Pleasur grounds (in which ilaan ormamental piece of water) are tastefully laid out and partly wsllel.in The eattae Is principally freehold: it abutst upon the river Wavnere. where there to a onovenient staitbe for the shipping of corn and other por',and seabormne vessels are co0tinually pasing the smame to and oMr the part of Remiss. The proximity 0f the stations at Aldoby and Haiddroe also affords immediate score to general railway comnmuni. cation. Lot 2. Four finst-rate Freeold Grazing Marshes, called the Almrwy-maorshs,lyng in Whekatre Ill Santes, Satinderontand byer srEyiSISRSI. .. B TCHERetcpoet comprg ispoed in thefes D 14sund emu fllowe to d rays . la, at 1el a most rl.iespectable STOCK n TRAEulor and conirtions o sazlhhenapyt,o meprs Fgster au,Rrdr of 15. and olumsber fod dsolicitors, owih or Tersy braot o oher.hauctioreerl.nowitebrandu3e . wBedfod-rw.t h grondaton. adj mn norwash.Imbole not tobooksellrs,printers Sta.yoletionorand Dealers metoplls icldin wrkeoin h vaublestBotora. i itr,borp n11 stuate areintructedlwy hrb t heEeutrshofthe late omr0.moskva-ett to eELLady FWLCTiON orn theareides without wresre, it tonmeonday, 1)em1n,ands our fqdowIngbdays, atnlec dutaytprecselyf the City o N..r wihand i5Countyofue Norfold, anduaewboeoDe,tion oevey ranch ofter colours ndforeign iertr, sd utmedlwoedwith teYeresueteit caeond he 14g. metoenydepartwmoen normt tEbepaprs Ledebyvaniey colectionoutbo of b caetopkindiemncluydingvworgsoofxthubatP audtwtho s iniaopy,logreaeph. naturalmlhICtoryibstOloery 'bibles, chuchsservpepo ad%commtog payeds rematelotame pan ent Inkstands.lMorstratloacfe treCityof Nd. colour srawings, anduIlustraedwor,Xke o evrywtgeoacripso. Teiice sa-. wafers, ivory-paper knives, tablets Ink-well;, cards. pooket-book ralers,account hDooks of every deEecristien. mnusic, indlarubber bands, &o. in the lpinting-office axe a double-crown colnmbiAn po.s by Clymer; a very superlor : oi &I columbian press, by Clrmer and Dixto, with Ink cylinder, *0.; a Poet folio Alblorx p,rees& by Wood and Suns. wood;anuIron At-hol-power standin3g ress, Ib lack; severalftoalitiof booktyp, fom pca o parl nclsiv, gthageat varlets of molern ferr andjobing yre-he holein er,ecellent coaditton. aid amoutin tosevraltonsIn eIgt, ithallthe neceseary materl -Is for arringon a exenao buines, n te binding office are two iwo ecrew standng presses, cut ing pes, eigPresses, a grea1t varetyof oos, ettrs prssig oars, o.Demcrittive catalogues may e obaine thre dys pior o th ere, of the auntioneersr, - ast India-road. Ooular.-Des"rn1a L..res Leas-ehold. Bestate. E1 IARLES HAWKINS will SELL by AUCTION, ./at Garrawa3's Coffee house, Cornhill, on TueFsday, 221i Darember lust, at 12, In two lots, by order of the Adminlstratrlx of the lAte Mtr mmI jolr,TWO very subetautirl brickr-built DWELLING HO SISn, Not I and 2. Ctarltrn'terrace, Bact Iodta-road, Pool3r ; No.lieletto rcpecabl teant atthemoerate rent of £013 per the2 deeseOhld fontraetunexpirved. taer of a8 yers frgeomi vdthSxep teber inst atracgound r3oes nt rof a4 15..eor annm dieach,iona be viewed, anMartcularahd of15er diMr.endt moflbcto 14. GrTtKightoo. mdrstreet, edfordtoure, wcomm are dasolaey'g aundaIe autiners TR.EDWARD LUMLEY is directed to SELL by M IAUCTION, at the Rooms, 91, Old Boud.eret without reerve, To-morrow, December 10, at 12 for 1, the whob e of the valuable STOOK ; comprisng 650 curate of emeralds,- 300 cuarat ofrubie 100 carat, of brilliant., 4CO caraa of sapphIres, 6,000 opals, 6,00 gransofrint parl, woinprtnt opl f extraordinay lustr two magnifioent emeralds, carbundle-,, garnets, turquoise, and. othe stnes,togtherwit themodrn sockof first-clas jwely valabl eerad sraelt ad ouvni; asoa lasso assortment ot braeles, sroehs, ins, tud, lrkts,earrigs, and other artiles of jewirry.al inunedwthpreios sons.May be viewed thu da pdortotesa~, adeatloreshaat he roms and at Mm.Xdd Shot Tower-wharf. Comumesciatroad. L Mbet.-To Buiders, Car- penters Cabinetmakers, Cosrhlbuilderr, and Others, {p.W. B. GLASIER will SELL by AUCTI, tePremises a. above,TNIt DA.Y, December 9th.at 11for 12, by direction of Mr. W. Taylor. who is rollooujcbnglb thertil trade, the dry and wefl.-seaeod BTOOK, removed from Regewhwaf Sirand;conasiting of 300 white deals, 000 yellow d_als, l6oyeilow lank$ Uow e04 12D allow deals an( battssr 180 piesa %at~8C~lOwUO Pinepiskl, deal adha= mathe bori,~ ae aNdEJo*esie AIR. PfflLLINwm BEI - b &UDTIN ce theI aetse;bad fr tunMe wbkib YOMes wee oexelried. at Wms low L SwUsbit by otAUe dr5a~M3e1 ont Chesemos, lnkdaudLgr,go ZLS ulz --f lwrhb" Varuosse wi i leeb iliatsSth a sql.,m No, 12, enblbse.-Te Imrove Lese o Mt . joaRs,o M PL PHIMLIPS 4witr smtO bEL byTIN AMC to m nufactrn puipeerA1G, with a 4WCilD-rowO attached; Taldto,a "w.10b, ad Hdyoassrtunzi,iod to)agent oI the term,f cCwIhomoe 12 NTU&, m ,d £10, bwt of ohf~ sent aenna vluet Cf a150 Maybeta" woi tae.r Omde =116Swaun sC d Staboisutue anofAcir bf dMr.e ish Ecu o PHILLIPS Ig~~~t; 1 tbO SLLb AUC.%, 0 * te Pemse, lp,Beblfs4mmdo,St. wuke', Tornc, supeior scds ldern 3oJf. fUsE. lforing and whode nie f sideboards heist -ab aw manufteture, who pis relcafrm basin.. "d ~ ~ ~ 0~ l-e n ohrwssand, tktisbmm mx Wat$alnr%cd with platesglod Spasig andb gel?, i1ulngHabos andsolig arorrmespod, oaisAndscraAeeo dozdand USOWS i"10i tals: k ansm hrWiyl,ro anda n thle ml,adCtaoushd nteperwlyc twoe WO b,on~ee a at Grnrawar' bofeChnba 'ic.I beaat.h -D%ltel turtMe rioh Bilk Gantans CarotsGend iaofoteby3 OidwOedshamdsot,e framed Glames Ornaentl Cbints,Ohla,Cloeas, NAn other Effects 1~j3R. HILIPSbegs tO announce that belIs In. 4va strtedto rmove ad ItLLDY,AUCTION atit hIs aB;j: ewBondAMtretH aturdaY. Dee If. at1icyeisiy, Ia, sale sectbei aloe t a e r ouihepren the easu hE ZIU2.auppned a=mie,, wst ivhlstet; incltuding-admwbg-mmalie 4~"= HcZraed crimson sIlkeustabes fo three window the sfos,vs and battlse CoDveed with ths jame, elegant1 18MUOclkok and Chink.ga,ssesiin jich pile iiuuoiserpees.The frtueo vchmesIstl. icoe no aarwtr ndmake forgudi Spnishmahoan an ohe Rater wina ad giae,mnd hrqlie ftebsme fe,Tefr itRes maybe16 iiwdate we. by l dts,on fronda, Il;udat7 MmRhllJApEbeom BOBcy the insr,uwhed Cbyog tayhe Assh- OnsWOulb"r. adM Mlecsand two fotioles for urste1fr vesd Bate. tte SSA ES9-. theII -wil.l SELLRT by AUCTON,l fa hsOL~ 116and11. Du7awi Covent-arden y of-morrow, waIlorIg OUeHaiOL to !URme=~ Eo at genesa$ and usecl, sWIserp Eon bdroom Oaks bAkktagoms, teaarg ote giees in glracsrs. togn hpoi cfioelidfmaskrpery:al aob odt h Re3 ols mad foe mgt-4h aleoti ck, removedes frm 11 and11 Decx, ayr-laned aot thaoshl unluoadEfc her AUCISIOM,at te Boom ikd'nd Cntgadr" n ot"nGWetneoay Dec.16.ues and two followin darnat, exeollent and ithcutihe lastr reseve, theM wel-setedno StanLE sTk hdk, raemov&l fo las,116c landWrt 17. Drtry-ann,deomrlmbus eff exte, olventa(me d Oreles in rings,I eadrings tdas, pins sS thed gchas raoota, ined, sdesticse. NiB. bahets tea and coffe Twoire Hmugs c oi clocks Beesand otereoclanonaet raaialanf srinl in". srMESnte, a Me ANStuEs,Ln astnd rae prinYOt17s, ln oafttred o wecith,bos f cshoes, 10 nIec ~eso lnte,stilko hadeehixf IxanA "ecanics' apparel aHlso~excelet furnihLrby 61-CTocta TRoW DA? cottagplbenfore byh MSttI and0e vrarious efif ots Onie osd lllraw c aaous had1 S t22 e das. perecous aTthe miauct ontrooms f'ira suer t-garden N.o . Ther beasted of te Tom tHomes atlog Ireln, toiberDrypand Of.ricf- Dakn-= 't et Beleae.qnrse,.uesrla, Lesee of the couv. nin Esmill y ResIde3ce, with possiession. tk 111exty. ~ ~ ~ hnoxe FTIco-imberth Ic,at1o'lckpecsly(f o puIosmei by riat treatyel, the beneSia dimEo m1M1 RSaDdNCE, hed for anot unxpred tterm i as,f munei 24r e87 £22 e. perana=um,Theredsceinen rOhar se lanss' bed roms,l Zfourbet bdeabe,tredes romEs, IoRe- ropoELLou E LLIgroms OTTaefavoured romwithry acid mtoanng om p Sod very ciiTomplet xxdomestcytIrs Thes prwemise mayrt be Tew by AUrio,, fOmt thesss E l aNd. Et Hlltt auctioneerssovluc, THIS DY Decgae-mbe, conerof , Hatkn I sodi 16e wbolebi of.th , who. MUacued MU MUNedtomha quanetiety.o eo lureg, Chineyol ialln lxeg Glams of large dieniolnes, andolherTbl and lar, Dhl abiet, coie wrobiequtel Wadrobf n on moodes, Oribental and other rwtnamna Chwna, anddm Table China and Glass, and Adocasfol Ef fetctos.th bedSShm S. aantanSEblue and LoIdOTToure davoukredin 1 pselsy Sathe whol 1ofmthe wnebl-anurant d FouEtsIUa oosn. ofiin Spanish moahon ad.ZMM3 lion ireok an canop berdtAisd larte Ofhantite oh llntz spring, hao, anf oloatese n othmer =edNg, 6 ad mdarlust eie gtdobe chess o drawers amndcrn modesa, marbletopan oDther wahat nSpands theuulftigo h bEdm chamers abk wantadbnsadgl oou aakdaing room suie In 30opening,Co5cbeet bey andet luging chars,s odeschairs,o rd,e saomahogany dinin ocaronm,alm an Nerdarl Sut f hadoecit agnsfrfo idw,loeurgehmne anpisterdw glasses ndabe,eonsol glaszead tblDk, hibaly cabie, lAdo-e o mabluetk and wanttlintnpdeta dawers, arssls,a taesrykCAbyca ndturkey cerpe(tccus, met o SpanIsh bt mahoan tela ope and vabluble effects, May he Tiew the day precding and morolo of sale and usiaorue hsd On the Prer-foes and at the omfice of emLurg,MHanel Mot astlOnMss and valuers, 13. Breftse. scror (arner ofHalki-pae, -1&W. ad IC. QOrubIL,3da HalkIn-ereet wese. Belga earSdozen of hiret-ela. Wires. MESSRS M!FSELuL&cXd ELLIOTT are In. skddby the Repesetatives of Hi1s Excellency the late Swedish, Minister to SELL by AUCTION, on the Pzomises, No. 14, Halkin-treet wst, Tn-orrow, ecember10. at 1 precise.lythe sMa EllaRS ofcoceWNS aorsng aBoUtLANDon obpeg ano brWnobrmlhes, al fourAdozey b adere, ih dozensC op sbhLamSe 'A doezens o UL%hta tgstour weotile and Daenfitt and oPe larets,b k"TO. Samle bottlesatMywMmt offteeinred had ath theo ofies s MoTmis, M -Auetl and n elhitt,C ag?en o aluers~, lIe, HOWbO Furntureand Xfoot4 tfwed, MI Deont. el ThESSRS HASLA[M BUCKWOLAND) begito o lDte f the aboveMILL, totether with the machinery a nd Plnt, oy thevateo'remills,neere tiuth ywill no be Aoffered on the Pre.to Dembser, T-modrrow,ibeimd-ay and Destaembr agency offcs, , ths. ing -strget wedst,esUcta ty.n edig -mb.Ba Househod Purntturep aund Ehff0cets, Hale M sI.cils ertrod, Knent "mESRosew. pianoore,AM aUnd anButKLN hvings r I-t Ofets heins sOl,t ogehe withco the siatcinolyud pant oFji the Quoeen mils are instructes pato SOl byat AtUOofSheon the Pre- excellent FusuiLktUebe inc teairesidueneell gardeoiningheamill iroud ing O mlAhgnys bedsteazs otle hedon and bedig wardrobe, Beumebs carved oak chaire,riofsas, dmefonr,cnsboletabe, chimneg and pi glse,rSnOtoodanoforSq. lin310Oten,W Citya andcu Off. nralne or naments, Orientl-w cHinahowld 10a voture.o boAs, pianolndfor..c Wuy h s alktcheonand cualnr utnis gardet imleens, few viewed on the dypreiu ndmonin 20, p sale Catloue maybe obtined ionlthes premses at h ulHtl etod rtteofc a!tea)uctioneers 5th Cannn ree tAwest aflly, ands eanding.rbe Plrnsl lco.-tll.ns H1ouehAe oldU Pftnoffort, b, Rolio ,afewadSa.1 anioerswooater-cloEuireDaw and EffeWae-colts. wl ,WIItm.On Tiwthe daemi reced20, p d molrning afage.Oat* wI"hncuesor.emt, arnc t h. andt other bfiedsed and beoing.Lt echgn andcobe, chetsg eof dawr. waiheno s andoterbe Xccam'-OCerabuSZO.es,,hmId any tse oads,chfnlecs,Y seufituof 1Ian twoelbw cair InMernem Enleahr oasd andeas har,hmn MIrsrob G 6O1-Octave cTta pianfot BERLL and Son,IC an0dT.onerotwho case, a 6qar9ln, afewwatooer-cop1lour donwTO,, usefu DItembes1, On ve foe da preceding and morigo saleO.gUCats. Toues on tic Iremises; mandgaty theuctiones oapanned, r3, Pntand~t othleredteadsqnare,dRousohod ritgr priogncply manufacturd other waviloben.hes Mefdaersr SnrelLgabdISebeogts,ete bedchib-a GOUL hdsmrpwajut- S wlLg roo SWS,. TtfnrlE, which, icludebs mahogny fourpost aandurdteo wrencow and ttain to corereepd, cebetonier. sofa and occealoral tables marqueterle table, rosewood loo table, noble chimniey glasse, and numeroust Orns. minnrl items: a seven-feet handsome mahgnyidba,med1. wgbon tw aoany 11dettsingstales,twon oaf bookcass, 1Braussel and thELLb doMesTIcofeswcinaou andegless,nbetterelede isn, and numberoand place, Old Kent-road, To-morrw jnd Frida4y De10 and 11. at 12 IT Cmupelotinuga fve-horse .llhmrets-eRm two steam hoUlers shout 600 feet large steam p!?e, nearly new oix olOourprinting1machine, wth.beYeI Arzand alte latest lmorove. scens, y Trner abut asinpm ollrs,two sets rteam dryin,g caigand ruibbing ncae L~s,e~~d~ ~ bioc'ks,4,0900pae tecl in Ea±kruutcg,-To Bick and iVst Makers, IBrewers Dyers an OtberM-Ey Mr. BP=ITTJU, upon the Premises Wezmouth-street, Hackney-rad. To-morrw, Dec 10 at 12, tqHE Stock In Trade of a ]ck and Vat Maker, com. - prlslng about Oak, Daniic fir, Englih oak vat, 41 barrels Enls a lurbc.new oak under back- new steam bDiIng back, wtrtn,2barl,ew sevn-narutcrwahng machinee, steam boilr, wort pmp. alule refrigerator, hydro expltes, t400 Irxonhoingg,1200 ls2of nails, gindsone, the tooTs pony, cart aend huarnes,gaan offlce ttine,an various effects Ma be slotbe NDoFtrt<on, a10, Cicrd2ainn. Pleteteetsoltor- an of the auctioneer, Wellnglau-pioe, Goewl-od, and at Highdrool, . __ ~ ~ ~ AA Shipownerm Ealmakers, Ship ^handler and othem-Extenalve, Stock of a SoLlmaker.- arow-mtreet. Llmeolsose 'HERN wil BELL by AUCTION, on the emles, Narrow,etreet, Liaehouse, on Tuesday, Dec. 15, and follow in.atl,hrdirectn ofthe Asgeesof Mr.T.W.Gil Kin TRADE, Uteuclis, andEffects, ODmp Wing 700 thimbles, spectacle ews, benches, two Irong Andcrans deuble purchase orb, w>elghln'suahins and weights, dippingan wincing do, ofc unitue, fixnDtuesand gealaret f thrartiscls Myb ghiteDhtn-gt ~ ~ m 5oos twit viewd on da prir, ad mrnins o mi k Calsgnes hdeD of Mesrs.Larane,Sle,, ndEcyr,solottrs Ol .ewry; andy ofbt Bireltenham,-Aasembly Rooms west.-Thsee Dayd cral od eoDree Books Elelerer, WL A , RJESS.EO L and 8A Di~ e ontf m m at 12pa le,avlal OLCINo U oAknd antiu uomc,lbayo lSodbsklte a lcs Selsatr RosaHogait B.m HL ar, H, csl Vanderpoel Vandyok StOtbard, BA Morriss Ot . law ekfm,p.e.~it} Of Sound wheat and - rot a$ieewth whole banksa of e Sejawlvmatlenof ea bot tiuwdsemd MmZ,seofe,r9 t g55lj sAd bold Hed eMeod eetaotUes, .o5h1 ohe inkeeta. The teo *iete mlte =eep e a ye4rl t t e.n Y insi_ b a y s , re s ive d b yln i ti t cE o r f ile t A X L L E r nISSRS DAN-IEL._ X-artX. :ThEO Ehb rro sterh Eako England, on,JD,4=Tosma, Deoo,jJ ti2 e lorb THREE Vser t b me1 r UB, e ndgKci aleCA,ang tew Kntighj, ant t BUIytiDEmw&ipol£r =t A" Dt etot ot rwb fUnde .ooode a e ' boom e Ner o Cbr cbw eeo nbssuaq..,,w loU. n ho 008 r owe, with godr - sabs ereehoor, s1 cotrer gntarden; let enWw laad for Is .tz-b whl fthe aoeII s~ undlirdento M and Liaoe an I s . bq LN,an a lOXat at Obere bof 3e Righo Ke a"" SDlUGIr John 11ttart, Sthe and16 th d Kea aen attachedreeo, by doz B, suide" , &;Iau L roQotL2- OaXrLZY (t LersonMs an BELL byeUOlts . aNd . te Eithe Mart, opoceis t eok oId B o naulro , ti Oh-ine, undividsdtand weu dPrhopReN Rfor tnL hcsand ProemIss aie Ihe Twlbot, situbte wat thbeodrnetiioe,g IMn and and tw ult Sml! Lie , ad s bove, on 1t?da jiMYesfs aIe maytbea adttnnt o ot dAY XinPding g and Droroa,)- tOs4erw , joS, itte extlt cret, toliedt Meer, t autlfo o *n of J%a obu12 da the Rooms;rcm aatlb.and eet a Ocelijer, ohllioss,4,edfosd-row. O tea. r 10,i *anierlosleg, ?aIl.mdi and at:d thee Msnt c4tt jje t 0e b toe loei et'S lnei ?lfred Hl, Olef Cncelek , c How Mon Vlew,-old Bed-ateest.regind land usfe Artele - te Hote holdr ueitrerr, an,d Two fine-tone P^iaoortce RL J. OHN MELY wi BELL- by AUMEO! , e S.21,014 bh o, Cheit 3eof teoor stde, 10, aotIosfDec r s,tBtrer th e maop uethole, bm toh O t o , anAad S maho hy a nd twoba flan0 eyompC tilane =et Iy MbAdwe aaaj illi l respeiel is be iewet dby tEecnand morsfni of sle, ad etlugus psobtwainedut thce cm,' baOd&im orml oer, au wsod hesa te o aciog , 4o t.t the opdrom., A GfO . . ot- ho Tmbe Moerhansti rauI.et., s4bndls andol ers ~ J COEEL~ 'ilBEL byA1JOTIOE, onta . the rmsbes 4, H on O ld-town,ShoredItch, To- mor v t Dee6 am a dd u m ogany, 2,0h00AE LO Pl B E derylou~ns, P,Syllow-r ut lore. ala-ge pJaesea walnutrees Ox 0 blondi o S curl .e Oiiet to eretalogue had bon thei paoremise and or ethe a tNess-. 8aGlerest 1,oler-stereetu. e, nbaomnkerucy.-gm Cttyrg, ndt n rgite-m0-,, 1ounate stree, andb l to1 met.Hal-toerse foenr W1, .l taunen HOUStEHOLbtdrnIT aouode PtRrW. neaLynl3, Is Ippr uttlo dsh EtrditteBol uudnSotlo Ofxthew ernng to'ae n ad weetteld ad o Mea catOZER had on te AUCnd te on oth3z, 6 Ogesdlate.g H101a,,e rulth. BlaTh rgteneofte 1 d esta.I chisbb mie, Premne, toUe thern with th wholeigr ofU thee hadnciu BULLDER% IR01 Tradeof Cyandlu o )reng i,Ot be DirovAd Of,m b0 d it f , otvlate dat.ehoa Tee o£ xtecs aind ittlng,oa t b ees vrt cuo atnou,hr snte,e rchl fro, uul a wp anorim Jams.tet xfr-te rrowidgnHoMA ilSL b UfO, atUoc s 3004 px] rins WDUO olc fpainting, fe r auid cA, ornnenb r. BRonsygaftN andiSaN irolrlyBEL byc Aau ondootings fonplet platogam fromSsont with hts thble,, s eterM countr,l n shelTieg, of- a , mReEtal-top ILoANter, lhn raws b Btl, 50 edoxpiesEnilen d:Eb, ditt bolea, octoo gmustte, o4ejw. 1range, gas ttiUs pew 1 o ibk ooi2tine eams,etseuenrilet ta trade,, podet,nenug oo sa l be,S and ralme h2 d eaSt I eo s r aooms. n Clisill ft Alsol Z dzfacanl mSb a odbes i WMor. 6 oS mr3reis ;Wrla,o n u-ronosb StokAt, aende Man ent eff then bneit co logom,atOZeR will SL by AUCTsIOtN rL It Homuon;rde, sud St. 2PIIs HooD}a, ret 111clie1terilU y OornhlL^toebrsh2n 11 boo L dooidxmo TSbShyoSdayE 2 Dez.10, talsge, cbTOOKoC SabteypD bel a luon . Room, 39 GrwAbrc- :- orn;e t b.o ldohr d 179chenrrs hiDEp and ateloanATernd Teeer consisno g auc of fine tos oal Chna B^}atcy e Bware,y-3 utdG BorAbolute Sazlret.-boueS1 D eai eous l of dze nee. rim etlane cabie t, an d th er lkst, withoa rewrr%ahlirgema oa buadon 0 gros,s aorows,n10dow. Dn&tesr10 10 fiestaw ond o'.ner and , otfer hnge a, d lned hl modee s, alge colsa.audor thert oSlbeas focndsy goodes, ho.c, eaucn east Ptien aws andp , lanes,,100nnchisel,tpters? chl,e5 d dsen entm,, tars,ngcoomps.a goblet6ua. wine asi tbles,, BSirscabum Ao.sa-c few m dspchhme, z both Wedgood, w.Sh er lob ofla vua hou#hl Ac On wiew tO t day prvious, and rnoalog ues th Roohs. hlady.'Nie rooute itle .&.ck Iton, at thblr Come. rCfial Hale teIo, 4S, Co deonits-el one do fr.o W LeoRo, E. d, at1. i cd b theExemaitors of ana trXrURSte TdfL LEAgSEt aor 63nd m at a e 1gron 8ell tbe. 8androasted doffee2. 4mdoen wiets tbodtlerd fouits lwb.tue a eowoout. on d rondl est, co. e sa Eleg ntemblea, leu Tadoi, co Dlor,beasr , w ogts scaler au rcret chest,ho;5 aso 0toedGotfancy bland meddic ngttrsb met dical nrt 310 waterproof overco.t, and mhoellaneo.a effec, OBLL vbya De a.PA lognes te rooms; adof th aon ot oceedrs, 1 ran-og at ,o a ro MI chaelr'sHouce, of. Mchau.el's lley, coFam cee. City AuctIon Rbtvnooms 9,Gaoechucch-strecIn roestad ble,drte lU.- Shipper,3mn, Hrotel an Taver deepers rc.-orn the conignent oo chlna ewb, athew arte nodr e a nd outbe ale. d ftA B.JOHNS~N willSELL, n aj,8ed, oankets, ny. chL Deember11, r at r1. In the lanet onther irt fier ito roeserte aa-ges u ortosntof CHIN, csstingedining, trao,eoD s ,ob mber withoatabr ,le t setrf sn , orncmmntdeal enloerpot, u icn Esor uptheera room, grabdn, andush Onraet.-y boeutifSultbe.o gioreatnd of the A,wigneaes-andTades, e leanktou glarassof, m revs, bampa11e gblels wier.-Ves,r tumblers, loces, ho, Aan in-ve few Ad speimens Tof Wzedo-oe. warfe in Etroaca lErvas ugs, Asnd dl n Cluuay rvosadmonn fsl,sa ccoug Mhad RS. aWt8S theL roomo woc.h l Eack bn AUPr.Oul on the Premiaon , soThe hoIcennDfvel10. rooAB.Wan E iot canes, e clod otbyr the yexeouors cr boled.coa.th auoteher. ai to sbmotmto baUCTION sauc pt Grrcwc?s, othursda , dcembelr10siat 12, unless p1er,11 onelYdsp oed of be pW.4vaE dru&w.gh-ftt, Chelsea, m w gcb6 wreh'e odsanfInlO Ca Orlse, sunftient toperec diDxtghousesdTh roneigbourhoo Isvekbry exLtem-utle- gtlted, m anfi thee s, no ekhe house wtha canfe loinlboy om p ouete t- fuhlsticnuted onvew buayerlk prIoanmringcofple. ayb viewedues OIL -h ticeuage obtWned aoI atq. (arrways andee of the uctineer 15 OamTh.os&2 Carmde CtaEsq-MflsouHoseolko,L1niariad. aunditushoscetay, vls,ndEfeczl-ts. t m h - O Dsl KefmBoweGRaHAM weligbLm SeLL ty annunctIOtthy M e ther Sndooher Pledatetsfetrbd and be ddlns,mam o te rbe.topi Higa-StrndL. Eewodt mchimne Fharuues In, giltframes mrawogny w Sellaelt sdeord wetofodxtndin dinng, Dales, aRoo , oSuites. Pardseasy chairs, Cmlokl sorties t oflknedCttagselPiaro-pftor rte. I an EorusT on ernnt 0501. IBSSRE.CE. KING SEcl, Con wl4SLLbyAU TO-Wow. Vemnber10 at12 precWirely, excelalen n Of en= o eiekA ofnbedle adoom primen goose deathegROO beids,ebl nketseawod and otu f hai.erw iarorobe ccheet o ef drawer,marble-to, wag-stand, dbrtbessing talesgand ghlmsses, bed-stepr gseveIn neal ne. rUstel crarrels QDvet oot14 ge pwaoforchaIrn roswood soma, rerwoofsee tabs le andbd ien,% honazjas o daind rorn mes milste In kltcegnreql.. thme.premiesI and Br. Spener's-Vfie,y fei,rHandcurt. H3lnc rn.N OnwBankuty seperroapya-43, Borough nsmnarket,-Aolto Sale,bs Oil and Colourman. ~ ~ C oom ad librW furniture, InCluding a et of rsf-actig Patent dintin tables, handsome doord, with plat-lams beck, t- booae superior Brumes =et and rugslofty l uowchr , ho, The b rexcelen8de nbeDduhDgi,fooParisian a ndiron.,' a genllemans do,, chet oe drawers, choral and toiet fless arble top and other wahtands,dressing tables, c, and numerous other ornamnental and useful iteams, capital kitchen furniture, niennlls 3an efet.Tobe viewled tedyprior man rnntruls,,of sle. Catihogesito be had onte premises, anda thSe offce; Si, lbloteteet. Hye.- This EvenW n t 6 o'clock to the mnatie, In the Lower Room.-A. lae- aisrhent of mlsrellaneons rtoDerty, without reserv MESSRS. JONES and BONHAM wiU SELL by- AU iLlJOSOtZ, at their gat Roofs, In Lelxester-streft a-ti Prlnostreet THIS LIVENIG. at , a COLLECTION of auelent. audnaoderma 3NCNRVING5, etings. drings, An. the prope of an mtlinet olletor; also chna, bronzes, clocks, Indian" T104,1' in. fretor, household furnitue, and geneal Item To-morrow, the ome hour, exoellent molem household furnitu, pluao.orto, an. eeebe arof a lady.goneabrozA On ldulay, piotuefraro, ho On sIew, antaloguaes to be bad at the rooms. ,o. E7, fegentatret.-To Picture oiieo, Dlera dthelrs ,IR. GAR.0OIAw11 SELL byAUCTION, a aboy ' T-mb rowmThrds 1 Decenr 10, andfol d.ay at w~ontiothcrsla vesyineswork by VisebeVon Leteboen 1416- tbe = % =.vr, Tetburg;Hwknv Party Wonvera Ga l ai. , Benhei- Hal hntRuboens : the Aauuon I, rdb Oertoa ad examlesw b tbe followitng and-other sea-a m _ses Velasquez A. op Metzao Both lIgarth Ta.o l tto J. W. IL t Dor A- On view. Catlogu of Mr. Oseaabove. At tMe London omm a Se 1Rooms Minclng.Ise, So-marc W. De. 1Q iat 12 for Ib pvr *, qtMl folloXg Wines and S iDhltg 0 lo pi ,S T'A 1s i.P r ;S tu ts,T l ei,a ,S1q .-I O p ZaMl 1 etl8 i,N1, Jroker, iZ18, t5aDdl tton
