DEATHS. Oran thk ofist sugnt at at'egsawur. of J Oame de solel, dBazng tho Ou tbreakth Ind;,, 111Pit a, while In p1rfmbnee of his dty., Lletn. Colonel John OlainAer "oPer, soommanding the 51is; N.L. aged 47, He bhad for- seeradt WmOnths exerienced Mouch auilety regard in g his keg ~ ~ D bet ndeatedimef 49. ioketlp an =do*'a, ton son roe n On the dy In-, stPar4 Ion ibs.e 73f theytearelf to yrlear). Hat Ont the 4h binst, ot cl1n, looentheSirJa 4e h oawl, Bttat, oef On ctuhe 4t Inst. mwOat Auchilerk Sir Jamesna BorweGll h Ea lt, of On the1 th Inst., Emiy, wife of Hugh Mout4omery, eq, rellt tydran, Saunzty Antrius. On the 13th inst., at Hull,n ELodge, thexbughseA Anna Marlia. wife of edapta in ADa ed Eummeioto, Bengal pa , taher bo- Onterh inst., at Nifon , Ghalooeterbr-s,i Charl edin lpgh, Robrt Taunthde, tbDe., late of49.at NBo. 2k0eet, Lndonl, Leeds oen BOber TIaroytn duh, er., F.R.S.Oel.jh s.,$t, On the 19th lint., at PhaNretis,the7No.yea dof hMage,tChales Coombe Allngsen, Brdp , Doet. On the 90th inst.. at CLiefton, GlOtestrrstire, hrles oflps Eeqm. On tueb a,o h l 1tb h l nst,gie at-nern io.l2e.sPofkcplate.Leeos, Aomela only srvsiving datiudhe, of the ruelSmith, f £sq, srmonhr. o,Wn Ontheste0th Ie, ametohis uresdne, Geo. Brougdo Mntult-,ofa69 sooabey Down, atnd Tdrisolu CrnaEwards, edestl son ofhiel, amed adad,o On the 1lth Inst., at Woe-g ero Arohur GCaremicrharel, oged ronambirson onn Weotn deservly rn 3ensgretted. On the 10th Inat-, after a lewndgerinllnwas ofaci eoneunptlo, botn wiLthe C2hrinstia otd, at the reeldouoe of hoL Lae.Ot . nher, 50, We", Ahmt.erlsteet, daugher fthue uate T tee. Broug erl,y, oF 69, otanley. trenot, Dend iglrbrnel, Qoudal deettly lEestneaGloeagedr3. On the 12th inst., at WInptosker, Atungord, Arsrhels, eagtof yhea, bird son of John Hensy and Sulenlanchr, tte Onx the 12th inst.. afte Gta fewdays Wllest, I'romtn,i MvabelEq, ohebf ,inrd wife et Jands Risoe Vllos, Twikeuam Oln the 12th inst., at then residence,o o D ak"tet,01.,I hewrp, kId eea Gongs' a lndbaWlghlinesg,,d Wm.oUwe. Haqt. In te7sear ole blesagr . On the 12th inst, at No yston Vi,BngtoirfoAd, Rmelit'-ar, reiJofhe Mate q. I. Watts osq. aged i 70.Dpatet omre-iawae On athursday.oig the 12hInth.a Ednbu rgh WilsetaJaes Planth, the Oh GnThur osday fte 2thInt. atpl rteeple bourt, near y anea lange, Jameof Wrernerdsn, gd
PoLWrcz SouTrwAim-For aeverdays pst a conxiderable deal of excitement has been oaued iin the neighbourhood of London-street, Dockhead, In onseqence of it being reported, and actulybelievedby mny,thaton of the houses was haunted b a veritable ghost. The howe in question was inhabited by a vorking. man named Baker and his wife and daughter. Whlez the man wax out in the daytime at his work rngular nois were heard In al pat of the house, And brealdgn of erkery, glas, &uL,- which were thrown abouxt in all directions by some invisibIe hand. Mr. Hanok, a gtleman connected with the District Visiting Society, inquired into the crcumstanoee, and soon found out that the gho*t was no other than the daughter, a young girl about 12 eas of age. A communication wu mde with the Rev. Mr. Martin, the rector of C ricurrcb ad It was ascertined that she was a very bad girl, exoeedingly Wdle and dirty, and fond of wandering the streetg to get into bad company. To p-ovent her from following her bad inclinations she was oonfined to the house, when she broke her fatherex crockery and furniture in such a mysierious way as to cause the "ePort bigspread that theJousewas1hauntod. The father - vioo The fher, by the ad oe of other persons, gave her Into custody, and she was brought before Mr. Cozm, at this court, chrged with oomitting the wilful damage to her fatbers goods.W The Rev. Ma ll Mrtin wa in attendance, and informed his worship that the girl was very bad indeed, and refused to obey the wishes of her parents, who had a corfortable home. The father stepped forwx and aid he did not know what to do with his daughter. He had no Idea at first that it was she that brol-e his thigs sa his wife told him that she was in the same room with the girl when the thing were thrown about, and she did not te brouch anything. They both beieved that it was the work of a ghost, and that the hows wsas haunted. Mr. Co3tDz asked whether shoe hd committed much Th father repliea that she 'had broken almost everythiln, and had besdes frightened him and his wife very Mr. COMER Inquired whether it had been ascertained how she contrived to break the crockery without being peroeived by her mother. The father said that he understood she fixed halr to the articles and pulled them off the shelves. . In answer to the charge, the prisoner sullenly said that .her father and mother would not let her go out; therefore she broke the things to frighten them. Mr. ComBrE told her that he understood she had a cornfortable home and could be of asstnoe to her parents. Why did she not help to keep the house clean ? That would be much better than idleness. He, however, did not think there woulid be any use in speaking to her. The better way would be to sencl her to prison. The Rev. Mr. Martin thought so. She was a very bad girl, and would not amend her ways, although every Inducenment had been held ouit to her. e Mr. Co3me severely lectured ber as to her bad conduct, and, In default of paying for the dagmag she had committed, sentenoed her to the House of Correction for 14 days. The juvenile ghost was then sent to Wandsworth gaoL LAxBxmaH.Mrn ELLroTT was engaged for some time in the invetgation of one of the most singular cases that have ever, perbae been brought unc'er a judicbainIrquiry, and the exzr^or mary circumnanoeodiudoeed in the course of the inquiry fully verif- the fact that truth is stranger than fiction." It appeared that in the summer of I'50 Mr. John Blair WAis, a member of amoetrespectable family, and at that time a medical student, met in an omrni bus a younglady at whose appeamnce he became so charmed that he foloiowe her to her residenoe, and by mueh perseverancoe discovered that her friends resided at Bath. Thither he proceeded, and, having found out her mother made a formal offer of marrn to the yoUng lady, her daughter. Hisption formed so bar whatever to the accomplishment of desres, but the ae of the young lady, not beS;g th quite 13, was stiocessuly urged as an insuperable objectiou to her marage, and here themmatterat thattime nded. In 1855 the parties met in, by aoddent, In the Srrey-grdens, and the lady belig then 17, and her charms having increaed by her years, Mr. Wills determined on having her for lhi wife, and having this time secnred the consent of her mother, the prHtes were marrIed at. ennington Church, on the 24th of March, 155 By this time Mr. WiLs had changed h profesdon having prefer,ed the business of an architect to that of a'surgeon, and t, e- 'young couple appeared to live hanppiy together, untl shortly after Ithes onfinement of Mr. Wills, when she bad a violent attack of milk fever, whlch so affected her mind that it was found ne y to place her in Bethlehem. At this institution she remaned 12 months, and that being the utmost limit for patients of her class being kept there the authorities of the institution caused a communi. cation to be made to her husband and friends, requasting that, though not quite recoveredshe might be taken away. he husband, however, appeaed to take no notice whatever of the matter, but his friends finding that it was absolutely necessary to remove her, Mr. James Fenton Wills, her brother-in.law, took her from Bethlehem to the residenoe of his mother, 15, Osman.terrace, Capham-road. Here she remained several days without being able to her a word about her husband or chUd. and having naturally evinced great anxiety on the subject her mother-in-law bhnded her a letter, received from her husband, requestlng that she would call on hin at a certain time and place in the city. i She accordingly went to the place indicated, andon seing her husband she reproached him with unkindness and want of attention. His oool and healess reply was that she mnst not glve herself any trouble about him; that, in fact, she was no wife of his, for that he bad been married to another when he had wedded her, and that tberefore the had no legal cLaim whatever on him. He added,-"The only and best thing you can do Is to marry my brother Fenton; he loves you, will marry you, and maoke O huband." Singplrltmayappear,this ldbrother.in.w, James Fenton wils, nafew ays madeprofesdons of love and attachment to the wife of his brother, and also an offer of mrriage. The poor afficted creature, under the impreasion that she was not lgapUy the wife of John Blair Wills, and having reoeived marks of kindness at the hands of James Fenton Wills, consented to her mariasg with the latter, and on the 21st of August last the oeremony of marriage took place at the Registrar of Marrlages office adjoining Lambesth Workhouse A this took place unknown to the friends of the young lady, and when made acqnsAnted with the facts her mother at onoe came to town, and made an application on the subject An inquiry was in oonsequenoe set on foot, which led to the discovery that, instead of John Blair Wills having been, as he represented, married in 1851, his second marriage with a Mis Ann Goodc did not take place until April Iat, and therefore he had been clearly guilty of an act of bigamy. A warrant was in consequenoeissued for his apprehension, but by some means or other he has up to the nresent eluded the vigilanoe of the offioer in whose hands the warant for his apprehendsoa h a been placed. In the meantime the seaond husband, if he may so called, James Fenton Wils, deserted the poorwoman, and Ms Wills beingfarfrom well was placed in the infirmary of lambeth, where every care and attention was paid her, and thus she of conrse became a burden to the ratepayers of the perish. The pais officers becoming acquaintedlwith the fact that shha been married in their pariah to Mr. James Fenton Wills, and believing that he was legally liable for her maintenance, applied for and obtained a summons, calling on him to show cause why on order to that effect should not be made against him, and Sat dy s was appointed for its hearing. On Saturday Mr. James Fenton Wills, who is a young man of gentlemanly appeance, wering mustaches, and about 27 years of age, attended in obedience to the summnons, accompanied by Mr. Henry Fryer, of 2, Gray's Inn. place, Gray's-inn, his solicitor. Mr. Bxnet, clerk to the IAmbeth Board of Guardians, attended tosupport the summons. Mr. Thomas nners, one of the regises of marriages for the perish of Lambeth, produced his register, in which there was an entry of marriageon the 21st day of August it between James Fenton Wills, 27, widower, and Marion Maxwell, 20, spbister, and sid he was prent at the r, rLLIOnT.-Should you know the paries who were so married? Witnerf-I think I should. Mr. ELs oTry-Tg en lookiround the court and see if you can see One or other of the persons. Witness.-I think that gentleman (the defendant) is one and the lady Isaw outside the other; but I should not like toafrar tively to thema. 2heMpers on Wllsn the victim of this double marriad waCs hermsnt for to an outer room to give her evidence. She is very good-looking and of ladylike manners, aind gae her evidence in a clear and distinct manner. She said, -I know the defendaLnt, James Fenton Wrllip And Was married to him some time in Augast in IAmbeet- That is the person (pointing to the last witness) who married us. Cross-examined by Mr. Fryer.-Do you recollect On anY occasion going to Somerset-house to lock for a register of marriage? Witness.-Yes, I recollect going writh Mr. Fenton Wills and mamma. We went to look for the mariae of my husband, John Blair Wili, and wre found it. Mr. Fyer.-You foLund an entryof marriage inthe month of April last, 1857, of your husband John Blair Wills with A nn Good?t WitneML.-Yes. Mr. Fryer.-And your marriage with John BLair Wills was on the 24th of 3Mc, 1855 ? Witnes.-Yea, that is tbe date of our marr&e believe. Mr, Fryer.-lNovr, knowing that you had been married to
-FOREIGN IJ2YTBLLGEPNORO a- e liR. A Nnv (taom OUR OWN OORUE8PONDTl PARIS, Nov. 13, 6 P.At. An Imperial decree has been issued, declaring that in consequence of the eminent services rendered to the State by the late AL Abbatucci, Minister of qustice, his funeral shal take place at the public expense. The ceremony wil be performed to-morrow, at 11 o'clock, at the church of the Madeleine. A gun will be fired every hour at the Invalides from 7 o'clock in the morning until the departure of the body from the hotel of the Minister of Juatice. Two salutes of 15 guns each will also be fired, the first when the body leaves the hotel, and the second at the moment of committing it to the earth at Pbre la Chaise. The funeral cortege will proceed to the Madeleine by the Rue de Ia Psix and the boulevards. The constituted authorities and the public functionaries invited to the ceremony must be at the hotel at 10 o'clock. Places are reserved in the church for the persons invited by the family who also assemble at the same hour at the residence of the deceased. His mortal remains were the day after his death placed in a clutpeUe ardeute in the hotel, the public being admitted from 11 to 4 o'clock. The names of a good many persons are put forward as likely to suceeed to the place left vacant by the deceased Mlinister. Among those whose chance appears the best is AL Rouland, Miniater of Public Instruction, who would in that case be succeeded by NI. Royer. A letter from Belgrade of the 5th inst. informs us that the Criminal Court had pronounced judgment on the conspirators accused of having planned the death of the reigning Prince. Seven of the prisoners have been sentenced to decapitation; one only has been condemned to perpetual imprisonment, It waa believed at Belgrade that Prince Karageorgewitch will commute the senteuce of death into imprisonment with hard labour. A despatch from Jassy, published by the Levant, gives the latest proceedings of the Divans ad hoc. that assembly, after 'some animated debates, has voted that all citizens are equal in the eye of the law. It has likewise voted the abolition of all classes and privileges, and the liberty of public worship. It is shortly to consider the question of forced labour Ito which the peasants are subjected. This last question, which affects the rights of private property, will present much difficulty. The note already announced as having been presented by the Porte to the European Powera is not drawn up in the same form as the notes hitherto presented. The last contains extracts from various r eports presented by the Kmakans of Moldavia and w Bllachia, which represent those countries as completely disorganized and in a state of anarchy. Several facts are quoted in support of theae assertions. The discontent occaioned by the conduct of the French Consul-General in Egypt with reference to the United Catholics has not yet subsided. Owing to his interference with the Pasha the chapel is still shut up; and they who refuse to accept the Gregorianl calendar, attempted to be imposed on them by the Papal delegate and the Patriarch, are still debarred from the exercise of their woship. I mentioned the other day that a letter was addressed to the Pasha by the Grand Vizier, remonstrating on this act of intolerance, and desiring that it should cease. The letter waa sent to the Consul forthwith, with a message from his Highness to the eftect that he considered this sect of Christians as treated with much harshness, that it was not becoming the Egyptian Government to lnterfere with the religious rites of the Sultan's subjecta, and that the Ottoman Porte, as well as himself, was concerned to find that such intolerance was practised by Christians against Christians in his pashalic. A more recent letter states that the Consul sent for the priest of the chapel, the doors of which had been shut upby his own act, for the purpose of proposing that he should resume his functions in the church from which he was originally ejected, and that in it an altar should be placed for those who had resisted the new calendar, and another for those who accepted it. The priest declined the proposition, but asked to be allowed the use of the chapel which his flock had purchased out of their own funds, and which no one had a right to touch. He added, that he should write to the Patriarch to inform him of the Consul's offer. What the Patriarch may decide is not yet known; but it is diflicult to comprehend the conduct of the iFrench Consul-General. He can hardly be serving the interests of his Government in the East by thus sowing dissension among the Eastern Christians, and by exciting town against town and village against village. If RuBsian agents were doing so it maight be at once explained, but it is bad policy ot the French Government to foster religious hatreds among the Orientalk. Can it be that these agents are acting on their own private account, and from the vanity of displaying authority ? The home Government has been remonstrated with on the conduct of its subordinates, and assurances given that it has communicated with Rome, Constantinople, and Alexandria. What the explanations are that have been demanded, or what are the instructions that have been sent, are yet a secret. The Porte has also communicated with Rome; but the habits of the Papal Court are slow and cautious, and even if (which is improbable) it disapproved the fieryzeal of its delegate in theEast, its decision will have to be waited for yet awhile. In the meantime a strong feeling is spreading among the ignorant population, and mattebs may come to such a -point that France may deem her interference necessary. It would be curious if we were to see her performing the same part with the United Catholics that the Emperor Nicholas plaved with the schismatics. As for the Propaganda, lt clearly designs to efface the marks which distinguish this ancient branch of the Eastern Church from the Latins; it is stealthily feeling its way, and the abolition of the old calendar will probably be followed by the destruction of some other venerable usage. But it is strange to see Prance, with its Gallican independence, give a helping hand to the Roman Propaganda. Yet against the innovation the opposition is Btill very strong. Out of 4,000 United Catholics at Damascus 700 only have accepted the Gregorian hagiology, and several of them would probably accept the Koran on the same consideration. The Vicar-General (who is a bishop) stands out against his own immediate superior, the Patriarch, and will not have the new alendarz. The Vicar-General of Egypt (also a bishop) follows his example; and of 450 famies who adhere to the ancient rule about 27 have adopted the new one, and, in order to withdraw theniselves from this petty persecution, 120 persons have gone over to the schismatics, and consequently are lost to Rome. At Cairo there are about 800 United Catholics, of whom 30 families have accepted, but the VicarGeneral holds good against the innovation. With the exception of 18 or 20 famiales, the populations of Jaffa are firm in their fidelity to the old calendar, and Jerusalem remains the same. The Bishop of Tyre (a near relative of the Patriarch) has indeed embraced the Gregorian calendar, but he is forced to use the old one out of deference to or apprehension of his flock. Heis content to invoke saints and ractise rites in which he has little belief. Sidon has also refused; bnt St. Jean d'Acre has accepted -that is tae town, for the rural population have spumed the innovation, and Beyrout, Balbec, and others have done similarly. The peesistence in forcing on a people a measure which they detest, and which, after all, is no dogma of faith, is strange enough. The co-operation of the French ConsulGeneral (who is not a bishop) is still more to be wondered at, unless It be supposed that he and his colleagues in that part of the world are paving the wav of ome formal intervention on the part of the "eldest son of the Church." A letter from Nantes, dated Wednesday Uast, informs us that the arrival in that town of the Mo,ni&ear containing the Imperial decree pemitting the export of corn and flour had produmed considerable excitement andgeneral satisfaction. Several large purchases of grain were made, and the electric teinegraph offices were crowded with persons sending messages announcing sales or purchases and the despatch of cargoes. Several ships unemployed in the port were forthwith chartered. Trade, whieh was langushing at Nantes, had become animated by the promulgation of the decree. Th Three per Cents. cloed to-y at 66f. 60c. fof the end of the month; and the Four-and-a- lalE per Cont. at OOf. 75c.; Orleas Railway Shesf, 1,20sf.; Great Northern, 852f .iOO.; StrasJ>UF, ffl2$ zQ; Parl4 to Lyoni ad the yxiterra- i ean, 785f.; Western of France, 612f. MOc. ; Bor- eeaax and Cette, 520f.; Great Central of Frnce, I 595f.; Iyons and Geneva, 575f.; Bank of Credit , Mobilier, 740f.; Austrian R ways 630f.; Roman Railways, 475f.; Russin Railways, 498f. 75c. Cours Aa tei -P_As, Novemaber 13.-Cash Prioes. -Four-anda-&ilalf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 90f. 75c. 50O.; Three per Cents.. 66f. 50G. 40. 30O. 35c. ; Bank of France, 2,950f. 2,945f. 2,940f.; ditto (550f. paid), 2,950f. 2,945f. 2,940f.; Cr6dit Fonder, 505f. ; ditto, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 422f. 50c. 420f.; ditto, Three per Cents., 3g5f.; Cr6dit MLoblier, 765t. 760f. 7501. 745f. 747f. 50O. 745f. 748f. 75c. 740f.; Discount Bank, 650f.; iedmsontese Three per Cents., 53f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 83f.; Rente de Naples (Rothschild). 113;ff RoznvinP' 87 @, Spanish Deferred Converted Debt, 2.5; ditto, Three per rents., Exterior, 40k. Exchange on London, at eight, Bae,23f. 37&c.; money, 2Sf. 35c.; thee months, paper, S. 80c.; money, 241. 75c. SATupDAY, Nov. 14, 6 P.hm The funeral of M. Abbatucci, late Minister of Justice took place this day. The body lay in state at the hotel of the Minister in the Place VeYnd6me, and the public were admitted yesterday from 11 o'clockin themorning to 4 inthe evening. A decree of the 24th Meesider, year 12, according to the Gregorian calendar the 15th of July, 1803, has presc-ibethe salutes to be fired when, as is the present case, a deceased Ministers funeral is at the expense of the State. Pursuant to that ordiance minnute guns were fired at the Invalides at 7 o'clock this morning, and continued till 11 o'clock. At this hour the corMtge left the hotel of the MIinister in the Place VendOme, and arrived at the Church of the Madeleine by the Rue de la Paix and Boulevards. The coffin was placed on a catafalque before the altar. The civil and military authorities assembled at the official residence at 10 o'clock, and accompanied the remains to the church, where places had been reserved for them, as also for 60 Senators, and 40 members of the Legislative Corps. They were all in full dress, and the judges were in their robes. At 1 o'clock the cortiqe left the church, and proceeded to the cemetery of Pere La Chaise by the Boulevards. It was oDened by a squad of sergems de ville formed in line. Then came a regiment of Hussars of the Guard, followed by six battalions of the Line and a squadron of the Guards of Paris. Marshal Magnan andifour Generall officers, with their respective staffs, were at the head of the troops. The hearse next followed, drawn by six horses with the usual sable trappings. The sons of x Abbatucci as chief mourners followed, and the Grand Croes and Riband of the Legion of Honour were borne on a cushion by one of the attendants. The corners of the pall were held by Marshal Pelissier, M. de Royer, ProcureurGeneral of the Court of Cassation, XBillault, Minister of the Interior, and MI. Fould, Minister of State. The official and private servants of the deceased followed. Then came eight mourning coaches, followed by one of the Emperor's carriages, and not less than 60 equipages belonging to representatives of foreign Powers' and to private friends of the deceased Minister. Each battalion of infantry and squadron of cavalry had its full band; the drums were muffled, and the trumpets and eagles covered with crape. A squadron of the Guards of Paris followed, and two lines of cavalry flanked the procession. At a considerable interval camne two companies of Foot Chasseurs, five battalions of the line, a battalion of mounted Chassaars, two batteries of Artillery, and a squadron of Hlussar, closed by a detachment of the Paris Guards. Two General officers commanded this latter division of the cortege. A squadron of the Paris Guards kept the passage clear, The side paths of the Boulevards, froma the Madeleine to the B3astille, were crowded, and the respect which is invariably paid to the dead by the French was exhibited on this occasion. No man remainred covered when the hearse passed before him. The weather was fine, and the approaches to the church and Place Vend6me were thronged. When the funeral cortege arrived at the Cemetery of Preo La Chaise the remains of the deceased Ministerwere carried to a vault, where they remain unitil they are transported to Zivaco, in Corsica, the burial place of theAbbatucci family. Prayers for the deceased were recited by the Abbe de Guerrr, curd of the Madeleine. Two speeches were delivered, one by M. Fould, the Minister of State, and the other by M. Royer, Attorney-General at the Court of Cassation. The ceremony was concluded by a salvo of artillery. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 66f. 50-. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f. 40c.; Orlens Railway Shares, 1,250f.; Great Northern, 850f.; Strasburg, 612f. 0Oc.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 795f.; Weistern of France, 607f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 522£ 50c.; Great Central of Prance, 593f. 75c.; Lyons and Geneva, 566f. 25c.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 737f 50c.; Austian Railways, 637f. 50c.; Roman Railways, 480f. * CourwAumhenci-PARx,Novemberl4.hl!rlcex-- F01r.and-.HAlf per Centa. not reimburable for 10 yeast 90L 30c 40oc.; Four per Cen tj 79f, Tbreeper Cents., 60 30c. 20c. 25C. 30c. 35c. 40c.; Ban ot .ance, 2,950. 2,940f. 2,925f.; ditto (5501 pad), 2,90. 2,94Qf. 2,9251.; rxdlt Foelor, 500f. 605f.; ditto, Obligations ot 00£, Four pcer Cents., 422£. 60c. 420f. 4251.; ditto, Tenths, F our per Cents., 87f. SOvc. 85f ditto, Three per Cvents., 3 8Sf.; ditto, Tenths, Three per (5ents.,'801, CreddI HobiI lr, i30£. 727£. 6Oc. 726f. 722f. SxOc. 72Sf. 722f. 50O. 730f. 7321. 5Qc. 7371. 50c.; D]seount Bank, 650f. 652f. 50c.; Piedmontese K ive per Cent 90f. Belgian Fobr R adoam Half per Centv., 95t ; Raene de NRpres (Rothschild), 113 Boinans, 87; Spans Deferred Converted, 25 24k; dltto, PTasives. Nel,5i; ditto, Three per Cents., interiorDebt, 37 36D 36 36g. *e anT e on LndoC at seht, piper, 25s. tat mono k 26f. 3o; three months, paper, 241. 80O, money, 24X 73c. BELGIIJM. The Eing of thle Bolgians has by a Royal dece disolved the Chamber of Representatives. The elections are to COmmnence on the 10th of lPecomber. Thne Senate anld Chamber of Representatives aeconvoked for the 15vth of December. Another decree appoints M. Lebeau Minister of Justice. ITALY. The Milan Gazetie publishes a notification of the 6th from the Prefect of Finance of Lombardy, annuncming that for the year 1858 the direct taxes are to be increased at the rate of five kreutzers for every fibrin of taxes. [We suppose this may be regarded as the "special act of lImperial favour" promised last year.]
IJW SOlJUTB W A LES. l~~~~~~ tThe following appeared in our second edition of Sa- i By the Emeu we have received Sydney papers to the 10th of September. 'The Sydney Empire of that day say8 "1 The following sums were paid this morning for export duty on gold:- £ P. d. oz. dwts. " Oiental Bank . 271 6 2 on 2,170 9 "Bank of New South Wales 219 5 8 on 1,754 5 " The whole to be shipped in Emeu for Suez. " The revenue collected by the Gustoms authorities during the month of Auglust amounted to 42,1381. 19s. 5d." SHEIPPING DITELIGENCE. .Vessels for London have, as before, been much detained frpm argoes being kept back by long-continued floods. All Arm anxOns to be off, and there Is great competition for the little freight that offers. It is almost impossible to name with certainty a day for the sailing of any vessel, but we will state what we can gather of their progress. ;Uhe Electra, a very fine American-built clipper ship, Dutch owned, has on board about 1,250 bales wool, 50 tons tallow, 150 tons cocoanut oi 8,000 hides, and sundries. We expect her to sail in 10 days or a fortnight. A goo I many pa6sengers will take advantage of her excellent ac commodation to proceed by her, and she offers a good chance for conveyance of speoe and for duplicates of letters by this mail. The Centurion has a large quantity of wool, tallow, and hides on board, and does not require much to fill up. We expect her to sail in all this month. Many of her cabins are engaged. Maid of Judah.-This favourite ship is well advanced in loading, large shipments of wool, tallow, hides, and gum having been made by her. She wil leave about the sam time as the Centurion. Most of her cabins are engaged. The Speedy hms all her dead weight on board, and a good -eal of wooL Being a large ship, wedo not hazard namin; -y day of sailing in this uncertain sea . The Oliver Cromwell and WooloomoLoo are both discharging, and laid on the berth. The fosmer has the bulk of her cargo out. The above comprises all the ships ln port on the lerth fo lLondoee. We may mention, as advertised to load, Light o' thie Age, Vlaeira,I Hogue, Catherine~on, Danu\wmns, Gruante Cltyr, &a., all fine passenger ships. CRYSTAX PALACE.- IAL-CROW.V RLA; &aturdayn Nov. 14.-Admlisons on pyment, 4 e j 4l a, sow ti*kta 1,517; towa vJiftoZ jA92
MONBY-MAIUCETatwozilyin.TALL,Gff,VOR. Saturday Evening. The panic is gradually subsiding, and the efforts of those who boast of the mean deceptions and contrivances by which it was promoted are now turned in an opposite direction. The funds have accord ingly closed this evening at a further advance of a half per cent. Consols for money opened at the price of last evening-89 to i, and at the official close the quotations were 894 to i for money, and 89i to 90 for the account. After regular hours there was a fresh improvem8ent of at eighth, the latest bargains for the account being at 90 to i. Bank Stock left off at 211 to 213; Reduced, 88i to J; New Three per Cents., 884 to I; India Stock, 211 to 214; and India Bonds, SOs. to 40s. discount. Exchequer-bils were again slightly better owing to the impresion that it may be intended to relieve the market by funding a considerablo portion of the amount outstanding, and the final quotation was 21s. to 15B. discount. The rate for short loans on Government securities in the Stock-Exchange to-day was 8 per cent. At the Bank of England and in the dicount-.markct the demand, although extremely heavy, agaia showed a diminution. As the Bank Charter Act had not been infringed up to Thursday evening, it was thought possible the same result might be witnessed as In 1847, when, although the authority was given, it was not found necessary to use it. It now appears, however, that the regular issue has been exceeded, and that an Act of Indemnity will have to be obtained from Parliament. La.t night the excess of credit notes ia circulation beyond the prescribed fourteen millions was 180,0001., and to-day it is believed the amount will be found to have been further increased. The transactions in foreign stocks have been unusually numerous, but the market generally continues depressed; Turkish, however, closed J per cent. higher, and Buenos Ayres were dealt in at 84, being 2i per cent. above the last price, the intelligence having arrived that the agreement entered into by the Government has been brought before the Chamber of Representatives. Brazilian Five per Cents. were negotiated at 98; Mexican, 17i and J; for the account, 18; Peruvian Four-and-a, Half per Cents., 74i; Portuguese, 42k; Russian Five per Cents., 106; ditto, Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96i; ditto, Small, 96J; Spanish New Deferred, 25; for the account, 25k; Turkish Six per Cents., 87k andJ; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 96S and Ji; Venezuelan Four-and-threeQuarter per Cents., 25; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 96i and J. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 40c. for money, and 16f. 55c. for the end of the month, showing a fractional improvement. At Vienna the prewure increases. At Hamburg the rate of discount has receded from 10 to 9l per cent. There were no gold withdrawals from the Bank to-day, the only transaction being a sale to them of 3,0001. The Africa to-day has taken out 55,0001. for New York, chiefly in sovereigns. The Vanderbilt has taken onlyl1,3501. The West India steamer Atrato has brought 155,000I The suspension was announced this morning of MesO Jelllcoe and Wix, Turkey merchants; also of Mes3rs. Jos6 P. De 86 and Co., fn the Brazilian trade. The liabilities in the first case have not been stated. In the latter they are small. Messrs. De Si and Co. have been brought down by the failure of Gllumaraes and Co., of Paris, mentioned two day, back. The news of the suspension of the Bank Charter Act taken out to America to-day by the Africa from Liverpool will probably be received at New York before the arrival there of the Atlantic, which sailed onWednesdaylast, theAdmiralty having given permission for the Africa to touch at Cape Race, Newfoundland, whence communication will be made by telegraph. As the advices by the Atlantic were of a very gloomy character, comprising the advance of the Bank rate to 10 per cent., the stoppage of the Western Bank of Scotland, the City of Glasgow Bank, and Messrs. Sanderson, and the drain of a couple of mllions of gold to Scotland and Ireland, they would be calculated to excite fear, oE an approaching convulsion, and thus create a relapse from any improvement that might have occurred in America. Hence it is very important they should be anticipated, if possible, by the news of to-day. The Vanderbilt, from Southampton, also sailed tbi; afternoon, and it is believed that she likewise will call at Cape Race. The commercial accounts from Bombay are satis. factory. At Calcutta a favourable turn of about 2 per cent, appears to have taken place in the rate of exchange. At Shanghai also there has been a similar movement to the extent of 1 per cent. At, Iongkong the quotation seems -to have gone in an adverse direction, belng about 2i per cent. higher. The Peninsular and Oriental Company have to-day received Intelligence of their steamship Norna being on her way from China to Suez oa special service. The Norna will have reached Suez about the 12th inst., and will remain at that port until the arrival there of the mails, leaving London on the 16th inst., by the European and Australian Company's packet, 1id Marseilles, and will then be despatched for Bombay. An opportunity will thuw be afforded to the public of transmitting letters to Bombay of six days' later date than those now en 9oute by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's contract packet which left Marseilles on the morning of the 12th inst. The private advicefs from New York by the North Star state that the news by the Persia, which brought out 240,0001., was better than had beea expected. More produce was moving from th, West; the banks were discounting choice paper rather more freely, and the general tone was decidedly better. The belief consequently waa that unless very bad news should arrive from Europe the worst might be considered past. In that respect the failure of Messrs Dennistoun is the most serious. Probably, however, before it arrives out the various markets wril have sufficiently recovered to enable it to be met without throwing everYthing back into increased confusion. under any circumstanoes, however, the improvement would be slow until the opening ot the canals in the spring, so as to allow of produce being brought down in larger quantities. 20,000 sovereigns which came out by the Baltic had been sent back to England by the next return stea'mer. The rate of exchange had further advanced, some transactions having occurred at 103. Gold from this side therefore would fail as a speculation. The only further suspension of any importance had been that of George Warren and Co., large dry goods importers, at Boston. Messrs. Coutts and CO. have intimated that their allowance for money on deposit will be limited to 5 per cent., notwithstanding the recent advances in the Bank rate of discount, as they consider this the maximum compatible with perfect security in its employment. . The directors of the City of Glasgow Bank have Iinterted an advertisement in the 1orth British Daily I Mail, calling upon the depositors, -with a view to enable the Bank to resume business, to allow their deposits to remain at four months' notice, until it is again in a position of ease. The directors think it probable the Bank will soon be able to allow depo-. sitors on open account the usual facility of drawing and lodging as formerly. Several of the perzons moat largely interested have already concurred in this arrangement. ^,The following doumnents pubn;ied .by the @ vernment of Buenos Ayres to the Chamber of Representatives for the settlement of the claims of the foreign debt of that Republic have been received by the Brazil steamer just arrived:- " Buenos Ayre, Sept. 28. "The Executive Power to the President of the Hon. Chamber of Representatives. " The Government having, after long negotiation, coma to an agreement with the commissioner of the bondholders relative to the bases for the definitive regulation of the debt of the loan of London, have the honour to submit to the hon. Chambers the annexed project of law, beg'ing competent authoriztion to carry the said regulation into effect, trusting that the Legislature will consider it convenient to grant to it their sanction. :' In order to give the hon. Chambers all necessary knowledge of this lmportant negotiation the Government annex an authorized copy of all matters preceding the negotiation from 1854 down to this date. The Miuister of Finance is -moreover charged to explan to the General Assembly the bases of the project, and give all necessary details respect- ' God preserve the President many years. 'i"VALENTrIN ALSINA. "TORBERTO DE LA. RIESTRA." 'PacOJYCT OF L.W. "'The Senate and Chamber of Representatives of the State of Buenos Ayres, united in general assembly, have sanctioned with the value and force of law the followng- I' 'Art. L The Executive Power is authorized to conclude the regulation of the debt of the London loan on the following bases and conditions:- "'I. Inlorderto meet the interests and anmortisatlon fund upon the debt the Government will guarantee in 1857 the sgm of 36,0001.; in 1858 48,0001.; in 1859 60,0001.; and from 1860 and following 65,000., until the entire payment of the capitaL "1 '2. For the amounts of interest due, and to faull due, down to the end of 1858, the Government will issue ne v bonds bearing the following rates of Interest:-From 1861 'to 1865 inclusive 1 per cent, per annum; fron 1866 to 1870 2 per cent. per annum; and from 1870 and following 3 per cent. per annum, assigning J per cent. per annum, or the 200th part of the entire amount as an amortisation fund. " 3. The Governmentreserve the power of increasing the amortisation fund of these bonds at whatsoever period after their issue with the sums which the Legislature may authorize them to use for this purpose. "'Art. IL The necessary amounts to meet the obligtions determined in the foregoing article are especially assigned to be deducted from the revenue of the publio lands of the State, excepting such as may be the property of the munici- Hties nd i casoof any deficit it is to be supplied from chegeucral revele of the State or from spechi resoflroes to be created by the Legislature. Jt 'rt, tII. Let this be communicated to the Executive Powrer. " 'U IESTRA. "'Buenos Ayres, Sept. 28, 1857.' " Subjolned is an abstract of the railway intelligence of the week :-At a meeting of the Sambre and Mfeuse the chief points of discussion were the report of the committee of shareholders and the coal traffic. Notwithstanding the sum brought to the company by the development of this last source of revenue the general receipts for the half-year show a falling off of about 2,660, while the worklng expenses have been about 4401. more than in the corresponding period of 1856. The rolling stock is- stated to be in excellent order. A proposed amalgamation with the Chatelineau and bouvain and Chatelineau and Morialme Companies has fallen through. The report of the West Flanders states that the receipts on the old line have increased fully 6801. and on the two guaranteed lines 7901. and 4201. respectively. There i every prospect of a further steady progress from the fne harvest and the soundness of Belgian trade. Lem heavy eng,ines are being used, by which a saving intheworldng expenses is realized. The works from Lichtervelde to Fumes are proceeding rapidly, and more than half that line is ready for opeuig. The dividend to be declared at the general meeting in Belgium is 2s. 6d. per share. The report of the Great North of Scotland states that the receipts for the half-year ending the 31st of August amount to 59,18., and the expenditure (including 9,715. for interest on loans) to 32,6671. The proposed dividend is at the rate of 4* per cent. The traffic has largelv increased, the opening of the 1anff, Macduff and Tur ' Junction Railvay having contributed, The Alford Valley, and Inverness and Aberdeen Junction are in course of construction, and are hoped to be completed next year. The first portion of the East Kent line, from Chatham to Faversham, wiiU be formally opened on Wednesday. The report of the lomouthshire states the receipts for the past half-year to be 6481. less than those of the preceding period, but 3,9701. in excess of those of the corresEonding six months in 1856. A dividend at the rate of o per cent. per annum is recommended. Proceedings have been taken to raise the capital required to complete the Worcester and Hereford and Cork and Youghal Railways. The foUowing information with regard to the mining business of the week in condensed from the Mining Journal:- C Notwithstanding the rise in the Bank rate, and the pressure on the Londor money-market there has been a fair buiness transacted in mines, chiefly on Cornish account. The Cam Bre lMines have declared their 95th halfE yearly dividend of 21. per share, making 2371. lOs. already paid on each 15. share. At Craddock Moor Mine meeting on November the 6th the accounts for July and August showed a balanoe of L2201.; a dividend of 7s. per sbare was declared. At Bampfylde Copper Mining Company mecting the ac ounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 1,5801., exclusive of 5501. worth of copper ore at market. At Wheal Addams meeting the aceounts showed a balance of 1951.; a caU of Is per share was rade. At Tavy Consols Mining Company meeting the accouLnts shoWed a balance against adventurers of 2821., and in the estimated acconts of assets and liabilities the balance in favour of the mine wrs 2001. a call of 2s. per share was made. At Mlll Pool Mine meeting the accornts showed a balance of 1181 At East Wheal Russell meeting the accounts showed a balanco in favour of ad. venturers of 491.; a call of Is. 6d. per share was made. At North Pool mine meeting the accomunts showed a balanoe against adventurers of 66M4., whtch it was agreed to divide equally." The share and bondholders in the New York and Erie Railway have been invited to meet on Wednesday next at the London Tavern.
SHiPrPDG DISASTMSS OX THE EASTEBW COAST.- Last week was agaia rather a disastrous one to the shipping on the eastern coast. The brig Andriette, Sorin Baltyersee,of Drobak, from SundswaIL for London, with timber and deals, grounded on the Cross Sand and soon lost her rudder, boats, asile, &c., from the heavy sa which was running. On the tide flowing, however, she was forced off the sand and brought into Lowestoft in A veay disabled state. The schooner Belmont, Ham waster, of aud from Snnderland for Middlesborough, with eooe, sprang * leak off Cromer and soon afterwards foundered. The erev were picked up by the schooner Ebenezer, of aldon, aa.A were landed at Great Yarmouth. The brig Mercury, Captain Stock, of * nd from Sundorland for London, with o w4a struck upon the Bwber 84and theeeew wersobliged to abandon her. rhey We, hoWeTerg aaZ.irG ad tGreat Xsrmouth.
*I.RHAND, (FROM OUR OWN CO%RZSPOND WR1 DUBLIN, SATuRDAY IOENUmG THE MONETrAY CRnsLs The step just taken by the Government towards the easement of the money pressure does not appear to have given general satisfaction this side of the water. The Evening Mail unreservedly condemn the Ministerial panacea, observing - "Baseless speculative trading in Glasgow and the grossest banking mismanagement caused a number of commercial failures in that city, and ultimately the stoppage of twobankslargelywsed btheclass of sma1ldepositor Arun upon other Glasgow ban was theresult, and such apopular commotion aswas sufficientto frighten Lord Palnmerstonfrom his propriety. Not knowing whit else to do, hedetermined, at all events, not to be beaten by Lord John Russeli, and from that determination sprang the letter which it appears was neither suggested nor approved b, the Bauk. The best result we can hope for is that no senous harm may be done - but it is greatly to be regretted that sufficient fim. ness did not remain inthe Treasury counsels to wait a few hours for the turning point towArds which the natural pro. cess of cure was fast advancing". The Bvening Post, on the other hand, eontends that some relaxation had become absolutely necessary, not to uphold coners that ought to suffer for improvidence, but to provide for the requirements of legitimate trade. The remedy adopted in 1847, the Post maintains, was the obvious one to be applied in the present crisis, and adds - " In Ireland, as we have often already stated, and as events have proved, there has becn none of that system of reckless over-trading which has caused so nuch calamity in Englaud and Scotland. Here trade generally is sound, Dlments afe panctual, and mercantile credit was never higber. We use the term 'credit' as a conventional phrase; for' capital is most abundant for all legitimate purposes in Dublin, and there really is less of a credit system than, perhaps, at any former period. Irish capitalists are availing themselves of the high rates of Interest for loans on Government security In England, and investments are so largely made that Government Stock to a considerable amount has been transferred to Ireland even during the last two months. Nevertheless, we rejoice at the symptoms of improvement that have been manifested in England and Scotland since the announcement of the letter of Lord Palmerston, allowing the Bank of England to increase its iesues The panic, now at An end, has been I sbort, sharp, and decisive'-not more tbAn a fortnight in duration in Great Britain, but here we had the opportunity of contemplating its effects at a safe distance from the scene of disaster. Thisis the first time in our history, Perhaps, that Ireland has thus been distingulshed at once for prudence and prosperity. ilready we heave reaped the reward, and hereafter we shall find the advantages of the reputation we have acquired for that sound mercantile credit and prudent conduct of cur banking businees which have so effectualy protected us during the severe commercial crisis of 1857." T HE AOELLOR AND THE ORA0FGFMEN. The Christ Church (Belfast) Protestat Association, headed by the Rev. Dr. Drew, have adopted a series of resolutions menacing Chancellor Brady with cc attainder and loss of fortune, liberty, and life," as the just penalty of the unhappy letter addreseed to the barquis of Londonderry. such, at least, seems tobe the obvious meaning of vhe following resolutions - " Resolved-That the Protestant AssocatIon take notice with much regret of the recent letter of the Lord ChanIcellor. "They resectfnlly plead with that high officer of State, and aslr whether, in his limitation respecting candidates for the mgistracy, he has not outatepped the limits of the British constitution; and, if so, whether there be not historical record for showing that by acts of a similar unlawful kind great functionaries have been subjeoted to attainder and loss of fortune, liberty, and life. "They respeaftfary Inquire if the same high officer of State reject any candidate on alleged and specified opprobrions grounds, at once insulting to said candidate, and injurlous to his position and reputation, whether an action at law wrll not lie against the public defamer of any candidate who belongs toa society of proverbial loyalty and undeniable legality. "As to the commemoratlon of anniversaries, this asscition respectfally remind bim of what occasioned the visit of Wiliam IU. to this country, and how the monarch James II. and Lord ChanoellorFittan of those days ceaedto hold office. To commemorate the removal of inquisitions Kings and Statesmen, to glorify God for dlvil and religious liberty restored, and to keep in endearing remembrance the fathers of the Reformation and the originators of the glorious revolution of 1688 they hold to be a most Indispensable and religiuos duty." VICEEG APPOIIMMNTS. Captain Robert Williams, Controller to the Household of Lord Carlisle, has been appointed to the receivership of the Dublin police, vacant by the retirement, on pension, of Mr. Redmond. The salary is about 5001. a-year. Mr. Williams was formerly in the 21st Fusileers, and has off and on been connected with the Irish Court since the second Viceroyalty of the late Marquis of Anglesey, some 26 years back. He Is an especial favourite with al classes in the metropolis. THE FUNDS. T e per ent. Consos, 88 ltto, for new account, December 8, S80 i; Near Three per Cent. Stock, 88ff .1; ditto, for new account, December 8, 881 a, Bank Stock, 231*> 235 Hernla nBank (251. paid): 32i- Rwoyal Bank of Ireland (104 paIdt, 20. Mine.-Milning Company Of Ireland (74 paid), 151.
STATE OF TRDE. MANCHESTER, Nov. 14. The improved feeling desnibed as prevailing yesterday in thigs market has been quite as marked this mornlng, but very little business was effected. Advice. from Bombay led to sorne inquiry for goods suitable to that market, but tho great reduction In prices within the last few weeks seemed scarcely suffidcent to induce purchases worth naming. In. formation was telegraphed from Liverpool that cotton was again rather mnore in demand and a shade higher in prioe, but this had little or no effect upon buyers of yarn and cloths, who appear indisposed to abandon the cautious policy whilch has guided them for some weeks pest. With nearly the whole of the prodncingpower of the district put on half-time, and ccumulated stocks in the wrehouses even at this restricted rate of productioa, And with the certainty that a better supply of cotton will soon be coming forward, there is a strong inducement to reserve any orders that cannot be executed at very moderate prlces. The depression of cotton was about 2id. per pound up to Thursday on middle classes of American, but a slight reaction has since occurrd, as above Intimated. The depression of yarn varies from about 1.id. per lb. on low numbers te about 2d. and 3d. on some of the higher counts from the highest rates attainable last month. Cloth has caroely suffered so mcLh. One great advantage Manchester has possesd daring thig crisis has been the thorough oonfidenoe exising in the stabiity of its banks. Scarcey a suspicion has been whispered agabnst one of them, and,though some deposlts were rather hastily withdrawn on Wednesday and Thursday, there was nothing deserving the name of "a run," and the Treasury letter to the Bank, published on Friday, restored perfect confidence, even among the more nervous people, who are usually the first to adopt such a rash course in times like the present. BIRMINGHAM, Nov. 14. The iron trade of South Staffordshire, notwithstanding the absence or suspension of American orders, remains steady, and prices are maintained by the first makers. It was to be expected that the present monetarypressure woald cast a gloom over the manufacturing interests of the diatrict, but hitherto credit has been well supported, and whisper has not even hinted a rumour to the disadvantage of any firm in the neighbourhood. It cannot, however, be doubted that the future of the iron trade creates considerable apprehension, and that some of the smaller masters are, to say the least of It, much inconvenienced by the present high rate of discounts. It is ststed that during the next week, in all probability, the stability of needy parties will be severely tried. It is about the period when four months' bills, given at the July quarterly meeting*, become due, and yesterday transactions in them were very beavy. We are happy, however, to state that they were effected stisfactorily, and no defalcations were announced. Now the operations of the Bank Charter Act have for a time been suspended there is, indeed, every reason to believe that the iron distncts will avoid those ruinous embarrassments which have affected other manufacturing communities of the country. The American merchants of Birmingham are doing little or nothing, and foreign trade generally, if that with South Arnerica and Australia is excepted, Is unusually dull. Under such circumstances, the condition of our chief manufactures, if not entirely satisfactory, ti upon the whole a matter of congratulation. The expectations entertained by some, that a reduction in the price of copper would be declared in the course of the present week, have not been realized, and the quotations adopted in August are well supported. The merchants represent that the demand for home consumption is good, and this statement is confirmed by several of our principal manufacturing establishments. The heavy brassfoundries of the towa and neighbourhood, although not working overtime, are in fair work, and only in a very few instances has there been any reduction in the number of operatives employed. The rolling mills, the atate of which indicates at all times the condition of -all branches of brasafoundry. are tolerably busy. Houses engaged in the coppertubeand wire branched have orders in hand which will last them for some months. The tin ware trade continues to be more seriously affected by the suspension of American orders than most other branches, and languor pervades most of our principal mannfactories. Another drop of 61 per ton was declared in Birmingham yesterday, but it is feared that until prices be. oome more settled, and there is a resumption of foreign demands, there will be little improvement in this important branch of local manufacture. The decline In the value of tin it is said wvill act beneficially upon the manufactare of Britannua metal goods; but this branch ts as much Iniluenued at the present period by the monetar pressure of The commercial evellers out upon iourney representing Birmingham houses tLhcugout the country describe the hardware business as languid, but do not speak despondingly, From Scot.and 56varpool orders are extremely Ecanty and remittances scarce, but the ironmongery tra*. in-otner parts of the kingdomn which have Dot iEere from bankfaiuresArenotextraordinarilyflst Order ares n-e out with greab caution, And no disodtion isna oea to increase stooks, but the comparative inactivity which r vaifris dictated more by prudential regard to the f than to any serioas falling off in the retail denamds of t country. The riband and watch trades of Coventry are depres3se1 In the early part of the year they were active, but both branches are now extremely dulL The supension of keurg. Bennoch, Tweatymau, and Co. has inflicted condderable injuy upon the riband manufacture, while the suspension of American orders has completely crippled the watch trade. It so happens, too, that at a period when such a. dispute might lerst be expected a controvery has arisen botwvem the manufacturers of Coventry, bcked by the loal Chamber of Commerce, on the one part, and the London and North-Western Railway Company on the other with respect to the existing rates of insurance sgainst losses sustainedl during the transit of goods upon that' line. The question hau given rise to muc discus. sion among the manufacturers, and, as far as we can learn, theg have been met in a fair and fziendly spizit by the raU vay company. lt wrill be easly understood that the weight of silks and watches conveyed by railway is small compared with their value, and that the charges made for conveyance are consequently tring, whil therisk inerre by the carriers is more thanordiarilyhesyand hazardous. Meetings have been held of the managers of the railwayr company and the Coventry manufacturers, with the view of 6eitleg the question, and it is hoped that it will be speedilarranged. The following is the scale of charges proposed by the-company, and some of the Coventry manufacturers, at we understand, ancnulesce in their fairness:-The value of a. ton of manufactured silk is not les than 2,000!,, and when made up into ribands nearly 4,000.L, the average being about. 3,00CM. The Coventry manufacturers propose 153 sar tos for insurance betweeen that city and London, wale tt. ra t way coapany offer to reduce the rate of carriage by lOe per ton, and charge 20s. per ton for iurnce, leaving the pub. lic to insure or not at their own discretion. The citizenm, however, insist upon the 165. for insuranoe, and in the event. of the London and North-Wesern not cquiescing that the, company shalladd the l5s. to the proposed reduced rate of carnage, and oompel all parties to insure or pay the insur. ance rate The London and North-Western contend that thi public ought to have the power to choose for them. selves. With regard to the inrnoe of watches, a. similar digpute now exists. The company require 6d. as in. urance for every 101, declared value, rrespective of dig. tncee, and when it is conidered that 6d. only is the charge. for cariage of every parcel under Ills weight, whatever it. value, this amount would appear far fromn being unreason. sble. It msy be mentioned that4only one paroel of watches from Coventry has been lost upon the railway duming the. last 11. 7ears. The issue of an additional Amount of Bank of England paper it i stated Is not the only reliesf which the Goven. ment has afforded to Birmingham manufacturers. Instruc. tions have been given, according to a local authority, that. tho utmost despatch should be exercised in examining and assing certificates upon the execution of Government con. trects, that payments may be promptly made, with the vier, as far as posible, of mitigating tho presure of muonetary aflars InBirmingham the outlay in labouris great, and at. times like the present, when the execution of contracts i* extremely urgent, cashlis extremely useful to the contraStorx. NOTTINGEHA3, Nov. 14. The lace trade continues exceedingly depressed, a verr small amount of businesshaving been trausacted during the. week; machinery very generaUj is working short time - much of it indeed, is stopped atogether; the warehouses, also, are working short time, and there has not been so depressed a period in Nottingham for a considerable time. pst Manufacturers are prudently only producing goode. t re actually wanted. The high rate of discount. adopted by the Bank of England has, of course, its inilu. ence upon trade here, and our banks continue to cash bills vhich they consider of a first-rate character. The house of "Steegmannand Co.," lace manufacturers and hosiers, of Nottingham, suspended payment on Wednesday. In the cir. cular issued to the creditors they say that " this position has arisen from the relations of the late firm of Henry Steegmann and Co.(withwhich we wereconnected), inAmerica, and the present monetay crisis in that country." The firm is. an extensive one, but the liabilities have not yet transpired. Yarns are selling for lees money, and very little is doing in silk, prtces being lower. The hosiery trade partakes of the same depreesion as the, lace The factories re working sbort time, and in manyinstances machinery is stopped altogether. The important step taken by Government at the present; crisis appears to have given pretty general satisfaction to the, commercial intereat here. LEICESTEB, Nov. 14. Taking all matters into account, the hosiery trade, as respects the home-market, continues in a satisactory state. Manufacturers continue to produce goods with caution, so as to keep down stocks, and both wools and yarns have a. downward tendency. Worsted spinners continue to work short time. Spealing of the present crisis and its inMuence upon the Leioester trade, the Lcicesatr J'oumca of yesterday states, that- 'Perbaps i no town In England whoes the *ame exent of buui.- new is cxr=led on hba the commercial derangement been les felt than with us, for nowhere hare banks been more carefu oonducted orexercied a ceter cbeek upon over trading. while oar rasnufctuners bays operated only within the bounds of capita, prudence, and caution." LEEDS, Nov. 14. The depression of feeling wlhch seems to pervade the commercial community generally throughout the countryhas been felt more severely here during the past week than prevously, though within the last day or two it bas givem. place to more confidence an to the ultimate Isue of the. Iresext crisis in the lothing distrct. The depresson has en greater thau the circumstances seemd to justify, there. being au almost entire cessation of business, though there has een no attempt even to insinuate that our local trade was unsound, and we can only account for this feeling as the result of the unintermittinganxietT which has pervded& all clases, and which has anticipated consequences. which are fortunately not likely to be realized. No doubt the trade of the town and district has suffered, and there is no reason why we should not look forward to the resumption of business so soon as the pressure has been removed. There has been nothing oing in tho warehousduzing the week, and manufacturers. generally are curtailing their productions; but the suspension of the Bank Charter has excited a rmuch more hopeful tone of feeling; and if we areiiot warnted in anticipating a prosperous winter we are at least justified in prophesing that it will not be a disastrous one. Frac_ ticaL y, It is really astonishing howv little the crisis has hitherto affected this locality, for, though words cf anxiety are on the lips of every one, and short time is. announced in many quarters, the officlalreturn of pauporism for the town of Leeds only shows an increase in outdoor poor of 45 over the corresponding week of last year; while we are assured that the banks are well stocked with money, and that the leading merchabnt in connexion with the. Chamber of Commerce are so satisfied as to the general stability of their trde that they have declined to take part. in any of the movements originated elsewhere for taking measures to secure relief; they are confident that the trade of the district requires no relief other than that which has been granted; and the other day a partner in tbe. eminent banking firm of Williams, Williams, BrownF, and Co. declared that the commercile position of Leeds never etood better, and that it would come out of the present crisis as well, if not better than any other town of equal standing in the country. At thesme time a member of one of the leading firms of the town said that, though Leeds would suffer, it would suffer very little, and sated that one of the principal banks had only had three hbills returned on the Ist of the month, and those only amounted to 531. The measure of relief afforded by the Governmeat is approved both by the lol press and the commercial comnunity generally, and though the business transacted in. the market this morning has shown no improvement, therehas been greaterfirmnessanda rnore hopeful feeling ex- The suspension of the respectable firm of Messrs William. Taylor and Sons, Redbrook Works, Barnaley, is announced Besides being engaged as manufacturers of huksbacLks, dn-bbet, &c., the firm was also connected with bleaching and other works. Their liabUities are said to be considerable, and in the present gloomy state of commercial afftirs fears are entertained that a lawre sacrifice will have to be made by creditors. The firm, which is highly respected and of long standing, intend making a statement of the paition of their affairs next week, until wvhich time it would be premature to give crodenoe to the various statements in circulatiou. HALIFAX, Nov. 14. Busine s here is almost at a standstill. There Is a geFeraladoption of the short time system in the mils, and on F dsy the Messrs. Crossler reduced their establishment tofour days a-week. Other fims have done the sme, with theprospect of a still further reduction. No other alternativeseems open, but it is hoped that there wil be an improvementas soonaskthe pressure of the crisis is over. To-day wool continues depressed, and nothing has been done In, yarns and pieces. DCUBLIN, Nov. 14, The Customns receipts for the week to Thursday, the 12th of November, inclusive were 17,7451., against 20,1211. iLstt week. The following abetract has just been issued of theforeign and coasting trade at this port for the month endedI the 31st of October, 1857 :-Foreign-Entered inwards, S& vessels ; tonnage, 7,fi86-cleared outward3s, two vessels; tonnage, 820. Coastwise-Entered inwards, 627 vessels; tonnage, 76.906-cleared outwards, 331 vessels ; tonnage.. 54762,
[Advertisement.>-Tbat arairable book of referen", Trhe Meno tho T e ,etshted ando *rected totho p ent'dlt, riS. Jtus been nedg byMeyers. Nent*ad o. late D. Bogue. Inthis u. ue ndl rc lorompedlous volume there iT a t carefoy.writlte ble"rtphimir sketcbh of evr y livt celebrity, --whom not to knewarguesYOurself unknown.r The book shouldl h o tetable oe eery psewhwntakeenyfn0wdi thelira fthspromlnenitcliaraoteea ofethe ago in which he lives. [Advertisennent.1-Amid thie disters and viektudes oI dai4 life, how Ref eshing it isnto rlse a good book-Ooe that wi afford amsuemeut and recreation, and ways be salely relIed upon eitherfor casual reading, or for a tory that wil last the evening througb. NO'w, Acho a work, eveor checefol and erer equal to these objects. tireforthbtoming vtirue of te"o Pamily Frend' most asuredlI will b. "It Is the very thing we wAnt aftr the c 8r1Lb& ae drawn. and thecanlesar li fr aIos peaantevnIn." This Uthe critiLoam ot wth still greter p1b tou o hsyersvoue w .ibe ole p OIloy for thI w, b , nd will onaIn 4 Jo1u eaUt k I, In. cloth gl,pie Vi-s.u Od Alsoases fprlond&I etion whvichd to btn Sn., wih llATracZLos (NOW ready.) Xr. Tuprsnw work -The Rides and Reveries of Aesp Smith." by, Matn P'. Towe I vol., INs.6d. (This day.) "Oriental and Western Siberia " a narraive of seven yers' llsploration and Adventures In giberIe, Mosig#_a the Nirelss Stepp,es Chines Tartary and puet of Oentsa Thormas Wiliama Atkinson, ini oes large VoInner, roy al q-.=L iaht wih uwsrIs 160 llutralon, IcluingumerousbauitI.
RAILWAY AND MININa S-SA RR- Saturday Ev . In the railway-market there has been a further general advance, the only exception being London end North-Weatern, which receded from a heavy wale. Grand Trunk also improved, but Great Western of Canada were flat, and closed at a sraat reduction. East India continue firm. French sham were weak, and in moat descriptions a fractional decline has taken place; Great Luxembourg were slightly higher. American Securities were in little demand, and no alteration occurred. The only trancions in mines were in Cobre Copper, which left off the ame as yesterday. Joint-stock banks werr dull, and show no recovery from the late depression. In micellaneous securities Peninsular and Oriental receded 11., and there was a further improvement in London Discount. ORB1NARY SNARsA AV" f
RAIL WAY INTzmr,Tr,JrrzD7e MrvDcnOT -m X The directors of this company have given notice of their intention to apply to Parliament in the ensuing session for authority to abandon the undertaking to receive the deposit now in the hands of the Accountant-General, to dissolve tho company, and to wind up its affairs. WAVENEY VALLEY. Application will be made to Parliament in the ensuing session for powers to make a deviation from the orHginal scheme between Bungay and Beooles, so as to connect those towns, to make a branch to Loddon, to extend the time prescribed for the purchase of land, and to make working arrangements, &G., with the Eastern Counties, Eastern Union, Norfolk, and East Suffolk Companies. EAST SUFFOLK. Application will be made to Parliament in the onsaing session for powers to raise additional capital, to make com. munications with the existing Lowestoft and Reedham Railway near nutford-bridge; to amalgamate the East Suffolk, Lowestoft and Beccles, and Great Yarmouth and Haddiscoe companies ; to lease their lines to Sir Morton Peto; to make working arrangements vith the Eastern Counties Company; i to extend the time for the completion of the works, and to alter certain proposed works, &c. TRAFFIC RETURNS. MUlee Pas- Mer- Total. TotaL lallwa3s. open. sengersL chandise. 1357. 1856. £. £. £. = Week ending Nov. 8. dtnian . . 9.. -. . .. . - 13.8fl 12,693 IRISH RAILWAY RBTURNS, MADR UP TO THE RESPoCrsVg DATES AS 'Dn -- 1857 * l86 Name of Rlalway. Xi. S. sL £ - dL Belfaa and laymena, Nov. 7 .. 1,325 3 11 .. 1,003 15 4 Belaat andOountyDown,Nov.8 ., 22718 1 ,. 28612 3 Oork anud Badon, Nov 7 . .. 269 16 2 . 289 17 5 Cork, Blackrock, and Pasge, Nov. 7 198 0 6 209 11 6 Dublin and Belfat Junction, Nov. 8 1.463 4 1 1,223 3 6 interest on Navan Branch -. .. 108 18 e 10318 0 Dublin and Droghed,., Nov. 8 . 1. 1,559 16 8 1,783 13 4 Dublin and Wlcklow, Nov. 7 -. 1,6B8 0 3 .3 1,87 8 1 Dandalk and R- kluen, lfov. I . 494 17 0 455 6 4j Great 0outhern and Western. Nov. 7 6,290 5 6 7,26213 3 rish Soutli-EAtern, Nov. 7 . .. 348 6 5 396 IS 7 Wlarney Junctlon, Nov. 7 4. .. 24 17 2 ; 310 10 2 Limeslk and Foynes, NoY. 7 - .. 89 l 1 - 84 13 2 Londonderry and Ooleraine, Nov.?7 2 7512 9 263 7 8 Londonder and E Uniskllen, Nov.7 771 7 2 742 9 9 Midland Great Weatern. Nov. 8 ., :,822 0 0 4,06 15 7 Newry, Warrenpoint, and Roetrevor, Nov. 8 58 0 0 55 0 0 Ulster, No. 8 1,406 0 0 1,375 0 0 Waterford asd Klikenny, Nov. 7 ., 348 7 2 . S03 0 2 Waterord and Limerick, Nov. 7 1, 1,177 14 5 1,334 4 1 Waterford mATramore. Nov. 7 .. 6 1 0 67 310
THE CORZ ffTRADnP 0. T.rv?p?l -- " Prices of wheat and flooir to-day hve- scacey' varied, bhring narely a tImid demand, conrequent upon the receutly Severe monetary crisis, but we find amorehopeful feeUog, and look for ftutre stronge demand for the general cosnmptlon of breadstuffs, small stocks, moderate azrlvAels and the present reasnable range of pricog. NOTTINHAM, Nov. 14. The weather has been diry thin week, but there has baeen a great de3l et foj. The yoang wheat hAs come up remarkably wel, but a check would now do good, as farmers do not like It to be b,ro forward at thLs early eimerod. Tho cattle ttade Is lesa brisk, and prices have a downward tendency. At Notitnghamn fat utook.market there wsa a tolerable Show ofbeasts which sold at a corslderahle decline onx the quotations of la-t week; the primest qualities of beef melting 7.. Sd, per stone, inferlor sortl touch lowrr. At these prices a faiAr clearance was effected. Sheep were toi limited supply. and sold also at declining prices, the beat descriptirn of mutton making 7J4. per lb. Quot,atious.-Beef, 7s. to Is. 6d, per atone; mnuttou, 6id. ao 71d. per lb. At Lenton Fair good much cows were sarce, and sold from £16to£20 perhead. Thereowas a fair show of store cattle, but the trade ruled dull, prices ranging jrom £7? to £13 per head. At titl cowr-exchange to.day Wheat WVAs In moderate supply, the trdae raling rather dull at the quotatons of last week, fine white samples being taken off at STe., and red 61e per 30 stone. Barley, wae in tolerable supply, and for the mexst Part declined 2m. to 4a. on last weekes prices, sood malnig samples zealizlag Mrg. per quarter, while grinding of fatr quality imade Its, per 30 atone. Oats were as dear as last week. in beans there was no material change Prices -Old white wheat, tIs. to 67s..; new, ts. to 67a. ;old rod, 00. to60s. ; new red, 45s. to 59s. per 35 stone ; matting barley (new), 40g. to 44a. per quxarter ; grinding ditto, 321, lo 3ts, par 30 stone Old coat, 31S. to 3sa. ;new, 21g. to 32L psr 24 stone; old bean,, 4s. to 52.. new, 43g. to 45s. per 88 stone. Superfine lour, 44, to 48g.: fiNi ditte, 38a. to 40g. per 20 stone. BEI0ESTRE, Nov'. 14. The weather Is flue for the time, of year. The wbeat plant look, ye. nairkably healthy, but, unless tbeeus Ja shck, Wil soon beowme to 3 forward. There isverylitlte altertion inthe pice of fatstock. AtXisiossler the supply of beaste waslimited,and pureswetore ey s-Imi to thcwe of lat week, thebertdescriptions ofbeefmakting7d. per lb. The show if eheep wagsemail,andlagt week's rates were fullyzrealized. Prices Beaef. 6d. to 7d. ; iautton, 630. to 7jed, per Ils At Asby-d-aZoac fair thLere was a very lorge supply of cattle, butt the trade ruled heavy at reduced rates. There was a larg show of aheep, and prices were easier. Hormes were tolerably plentiful, and useful animals made fair prices, Here to-day wheat was a tolerable show, and prices were Is. lower than the previous week, the beat samples of white Selling at 60*., and red 57e. per quarter. Barley 2,, eacier, good matting saples being disposed of at 46a. per quarter. Oats were unsaltered in valne. Bean Is. cheaper. Price: -Wheat, 54,. to to..; barley, 3ts, to gig. ; oats. 32L, to 36. 3d.: beants, 48.. to llOn. pa quarter. Plour,4g. seconds 398s., thirds, 37*. per 20 Stonre. At Isiltoer Mowbray there was a fair show of whea% owhich sold atl the prices of loot week. In other sort Of grain ther waS nOt mUch change. Wheat. 60a. to le. ; barley, 41s.to 45Ls; oats, 28a. to&%r; beans, 45eg. to 50g per quarter. At Market Blarbocough the wheat tradle ruled heavy. rand ladt week's rates were supported. In buarly very little change. Oats and beans maintained lato prioes Oldt wheat, 80a. to 52&.; niew diuto, SOs, to 53e. ; old barley, 40g. ti 41g. ; new, 40L.; old Oats, 31x. to 33. ; new l7e. to 32L .old beaus, Eie. to 8sr. At Atherotoe white whea reaolied 21g., and red sos. per bag of three bhashls; barley, 36s. to 40..; otat, i8s. to 36g. pe quarter. At Luteerworth, withL a fair supply, wheat realized Us*.; fine baLrley miade 4m. .; oats 38.. to 17m..; beans, 45.. to 47e. per quarter. At Loughhorough wheat sold at a decline of ls., with a dull trade. Oat s ad beants maintained last we ek's rates. In barley there was a reduction of lo. Pei quarter. DEBBY, Nov. 14. The young wheat above ground appears regular, and the seaon on the whole her been favoarable for autumn culture. The cattie trade is dull. At Desrbl. en Tuesday', there was a mode, rate shrowof beate,t4re demaud for wiich washeavy. the best de. scriptions ot beef making 63d. per lb. Sheep were lem plentiful. The fin2estqu&ealiisof mutton made 74. perlb. Prices :-Beef,6dt.to6Bjd.; mutton, 6GM to 7id. per lb. At Aebbourne far there was ai good show of fat stock, the trse.e In which ruled heavy. Stores were plentiful, but dull of sale. Good in.caivers sold well. Sheep were in limited supply, and sold at declinng prices There Were Tery feW hOrses On cifer. At Tittoxeter ther was a good Show of cattle and a numerour attendance ot baters. All descriptions of beasta sold at rednce.t rates. At this market yesterday wheat was Infair supply,and there wmas tolerable attendance of buyers the trade, however, ruled heavy, at a decline of 2e. per quartr on hmat week's rates. fine white sellig at 59g. and 3red at 57o. per 38 Stone. Barley A slow sale, at 2g. reduc. tion, good melting Samples makting 45e. per quarter. Oats were a trifle cheaper. Bran, sustained the quotationst of the previous week- Prioes;-White wheat, toe, to 6r. ; red, 51s. to 688. per 38 stone' malsing barley, 40s. to 45.. pe Imperia measure; grinding ditto, W.s per 10 stone , old oats, 12g to 3G&s. new ditto, 28s. to 32. per 24 stone;: beans. 50a. to 5s.per38 alone; flour, le. to 42s. ; sup:r. Vte to 44g. per 20 stne. NORTHAMIPTON. Nov. 14. There has not been ruch rain this wee and the weather continues i eaonable. The cattle trifte taking ail things into ooinederation, Is tolerbly brisk. At Brackeymarket thesewaagoodBshowofcatftle,whichroca tize,dafair demand at satifatory rater. Sheep were plentiul, and, oni the whole, well Sold. At this corn-market white wheat realized SOs. and red 52a. per quarter. Bee smpls f mleog arey eaize 4*.Quotationks -Whea44t,8g to 52s.,; barley, lee totla. ; Oats, 34g. to 36g. ; new, 24g. to 12g.; beawr gis. to it.; new, 4tsto 41a ;Peik . o 4e. ; malk i2e. tol6s. Pe; e.uarter. At Rugby wheat was in fair supply,whito realizing 211. and red 19s.6d. perbag; harley made 38a. to 40.. Per quarter ; new oatg, l03. to &l.:14% old,s5.to 40s.per quarter; new beanld.1 to 17g.; oldhbeans, 19g to 28g. per beg. At Wellngborourgh old wheat realized 84g to LOg., and nsa'. 49g. to Se. per quarter: fmine amples of barley made 42a. :Oats, 28a. to 341.; beans, 4s. to t9L.; peas, 42g.to 456, At Rettering, with a tolerable supply, the best eam,ples of wheat nold at 4g; barley,.40,.to 44.; oats, DLs.to Its. ;beans, 42g.to gOs,At Da. Tentry good White wheat realized 83g.; inferior, 49s. ; barley masde 37g. to Ial.; cats, 24a. to ts. ; beans, 44z. to 49a. per quarter. At Leighton Buzzard wheat moade lie, to 35s. per load ; barley, 38g. to 44z. ; oats. 37g. to lOs. per quarter. At Banhury, with a fair supply wheat realizedeo. to a6. tper huahel; barley, 1ls. to 38a.;oatr, 122 to 28s. per quarter; beans, 5s. to Or. ; peas, 5g. to Cs. per bushel. STA'MORD, Nov. 14. Fet and store stock are rather lower In price. At Stamford fair the showr of sheep vwo about an average, and for the most part realizedl good prices. Lambs made 281, to 385.;' shearlirge, 45a. to 6St. each. There was a good suPply of homeo-bred cattle. which met with a t olerably ready sale, Four-year-old Steer for feealng sold at £16 to L2i per head. The show of lwcotwans mall, and Irishhbeastsmetea heavy demand. There wansafairshow of horses;useful animialo sooni changed hands, hbut inerior ones sold heavily at declining pricesl. At this corn*market yesterday there was a liberal supply of wheat the demand for which was limited, at a reduction of 2a. per Quarter om4 the quotatioss of last week, finewhite samples making 5sir and red 51e. pinr30 tone. There was agood showof barley,which sold at adecline of 2a. to 31. per quarter, good matting qualities realiziag 40s, per quar. ter, while grinding made lOg, per 30 stone. Beans were Is. cheaper. In pear there woo also a reduction of Is. per quarter. Prices :-Whlte wheat, 2r so to . 56 red, 47a. to 5Ia. per 16 stone;. barley, melting, 34r. to40s. per quarter grinding ditto, 32s. to lOm. per 10 soWne ;yold beans459. to 4Ir. ; new, 41g. to dla, per 38 stone;. peas, tis. to 43g.; oats, 25e - to tie, per 24 stonie. GRANTHAM. Nov. 14, The weather has been damp this week, andl grain Comes to market in bad condition. At this corn-exchange to-day the amount of wheat on offer was limited, much of it being damp and out of couditlon. Fine samp!er of white were taken 01l at the prices of hast weck,-vlz., SOs, per 36 stone, red reaizing 82g. Barley wag rather decl1 of sale, and 2s. heape, fine matting qualitiesselling at 41g.2per quarter. In oats there was very little change. Beans a trifle lower. ?rlries :-New wheat (white), 52s, to 50s; old red, 005, to 54g. ; now red, 4o. to 'Oa., per 16 stone ; malting barley, 37g. to 42s, per Imperial measure; Grinding ditto, ZIr. to 30.. per 30 stone ; Oats, ide. to S0s.% per 24 stone; beans, 4is,toIIs. per 38 fftoe ;peas, 42g. to 41s.petrl6 tone, PETTEROROUGH, Nov. 14. Fat StorkIs lower at this market, there was a limited supply of baest, and a poor attendance of buyers ; the trade ruiled dull, the her; qualities ofbeef making Sr.per stone. The mutton trade ruled heavy, the finest qualities making 7d. per lb. Prices :-Beef. 7* 6d.to 8g.psr stone; mutton, Old. to 7d. Per lb. here to-day wheat was in large supply, and price wr WMg toIS. lIn javour of the buyer, good white Samples realbIing 55e., and red SIB., per 30 stone. There was a good Supply of malting barley, which sold at a e. duetlon of 81. per quarter, fine samples mnaking 42e, per quazter;. grinding of good quality reazlzig SUs. In oata t0here, was a reduction of Is, Bewan were the or chepber-. In pears there Was a decline of 1*. per quarter. Plrices :-Whte wheat,3.SI,to 58.; red,40, to5SIr, 3matting barley, USg. to 42,; grinding ditto, 3Me. to 36L. old beans, a.g te 47e. ; ew ditto, 41& to 44 .; peas, 41S. to 43*.; oats, 125g. to 2t e,re2rtstone. LINOOLN, Nov. 14. The weather this week haz beeni seasonably cold; there have alsio been come dense fogs Fet stock Is selling at rather reduced prices At Alford fair the supply, of bearts was tolerable; sWale were, however, slow, and lesse money had to be taken, prime beef making 7s. Gd per stoen. Sheep were not numerous, and Price were in favour of the seller, mutton making 7d. per ils There wagea tolerable show of wheat at this corn-market, a grot deal of which was out of condition. Prices were fully Is. tots,. lower i han last week, fine white selling at 59g. and red 56r. per quarter, Of barley there was a fair show, which sold at rather less money than ainat a elc, good sampler mak ing 38*. per quarter. There war no material change In other descriptions of grai. rIces -White wheat, 555.to 59Le; red, flOe. toSl.; grinding barley, 3US. to Its,; beans, 4:1. to Oles, perquarter. At A2ford, wth a fair supply, white wheat made 04g, and red 70..; good matting barley realized 44g.; oats, 20. to 24e.; bewas, 386. to 483. Per quarter. At Louth there was a good supply of wheat, which s ld at a reduction of Is. Per quarter on the rates of last week, fine wheat realizIng 5fs, and red 49s. per quarter. In barley there was a decline of s. to3s. In otber grain very little alteration. Rea wheat. 44e. to 493.; white, 50*; barley, l6Og to 39g; oats. 21i. to 2is3. beans, 44a. to 48a. Per quarter. At Lynx there was a short supply of wheat; floe qualitles mode the full rates ot hast week. There Wua a liberal supply of barley, whlch sold at a decline of la on good, and &. to Ig. on Inferior sorts. Wheat, bla. to 54s.; lnferlor, 46. to i50; barley' 43Le. to 46a.; oats, 26L to 30.; mall beans, . to 47a; large ditto, 42s. to 44. At Oakham white wheat made 54*., red 52s.; barley (malting) ooldat42a.; whitewheat, 60a to Us,; re4d,iktoS2e.; harley,36L. to 42a.; oats, 26a to 38s.; beans, 44g. to 8S. per quarter. At Upplglam there was a tolerable supply of wheat, white telling at 62ts., and red at 1sg. per quarter. The finest qualities of barley made 412.: oats, 2it. to 3fa.; beans, 42s, to 49f. per quarter. YORK, Nov. 14. At this com-market to-day wheat wa In fair supDly, and met a a!ow sale at a dealine of la. per quarter on the rates of lst week. Barley war Is. to 2s. cheaper than lIt week. Oats were Id. to 1sg lower. Other grindu sold at prioes i favour of the buyer. The cattle trade Is leer brlsk. At York the supply of fat beawta was smUall, and pricea ruled from 7* to 7g. 6d per stone. Len beasts were rngcodaupply but the trade ru2ed dull, and very few ohangedhanda. Pat sheeP in good supply, mutton making 6id, to 7d. por lb. At Scarborough there was not a large supply of stock, and beet sold at 7d. to &d. per lb.; mutton. Made aimlha prlices At Darlington neat fair there Tfs a lare upply of lean stook. The trade, however, ruled dulL and lower Prie, hbad to he bctlred to, theep were heavy In demand At Selby the supply of wheat was rather limited, and last wiee prie wa ebaly muaiutainsd, coed amples of wheat making W Per load. 3ae.w$egb wsa* ua W ter. Ittostisno change. WThe'At 16g. to 2Cr. per load; barley, 35S, to 39,, ; -t.2j o31 urw At Wethetby there Wasa" tolerable Supply of wheat. The bestA Saul plea of white whelt miade 23s. 6d. peLr loa, and red 21s, Barley was lowe-, beedW disposed of st 40g. per quarter. Wheat, 21L. to 2s. 64.. red,lSs.tiO Is. ;beans, 2os to 2IN ; bArIey, 40s. per quarter; oats, IL. Id. to IN, 6d. Per stone. A t Scarborough the wheat trad was wes Inanimate, anid not much busineessdone. Baleswere effected atthe prie.of l..t week. At K-rebrrogh the eupD,tyof wheat was imiated, and last week', r' loas were hardly realized wheja making 7s, 6d. per busheL. Tha best samples ofha.yndmade 4s. per quarter. Wheat, 6&.9d.to2N.6d Ptrbboshl; bsrley. SU .to 4s.per quutrs . beans, Es. to 65.04. per bushel: oBte, 255 to S0s. At Barnard CastUe there was a good supDply nf graIn, white wheat made 17.., and red 15.. Barley was a trifle lower, beet sAMPles Mfaking 9s. per bali. White wheat, 14.. tol17..; redditto,13i.toiis.;barley,O.; oats,Ssto9s.perbouL AtNoeth. allertoni there wash mLoderate show of wheat, the beAt xamples of whichlsold at 78. d. per bubeL. Barley, 4e. to5s..X d; be=4nSL to 6s.;oat., 2a6d, to 4A.,per bushel. AtGtiohboroogh, with a moderate supply, wheat realized the primes of last week, good samples making 14s.perboll. Barley,4g.6d.to5.;oaMs&to4s.1perbualbeL In Ieons no ehange. At Stocktoxn.on.Tees fluewhite wheat realized the full prices of list week ; Inferior rather lower. Oats were a turn cheaper. Beats no change. VONOAWItar% NOV. 14. The weatber hjw heen damp and gloomy, and but little progress has beeInAmade withfield operationst, The young wheatIs generally speak~ Iug looking heathy, with abtundanos of Plant on the ground. The trade In wheat has been of a fluctuating chara2ter this week In some instanes a furthLer adviane noa the Improvemaeut previously noted has heen Obtained, hut latterly a feeling of depression has ree railed, and the week closes with a redutiMon on all but the best samples, whic basely make lsed week's rAtes. Barley has undergoe a rapid and consderable decline, owing to the dImInaised demand for alcoholic beverages in the manufaturwing diashicts, and faoe meltimg snlreb, which would have made from ON. to 475. pe quarters, foet, night or three wreeks ago, are notnow worth mos than 40.. All other ) inda of ooDn have been extremely flat, and the trade In grain 1generatly Is almost stanant, In this Immediate district, wheve Abe farnmes suffered more seferely by the late unfavourabla hwarvs than those of any other paut of tho country, there Is on hand sa large Portion of bad corn, and the greatest dimfmilty Iseprienced In realizIng mony. At to-Ufay market tbe show of wheat was moderate, and there was a fair attendance of buyer, but eq little buasins passng, the bualk of the sempleis brought forwaird being of, lIndiffereit quality and tha condition deteriorated by the weather. A few dey samples were taken, off at a reductoio of 6d. Petr load (IL. 4d. pee quarttri. Other wortg could nbt bie sold, though offered at a considemable reduction. Thera wuasalargesuupply ofbarley, very little of Which wsedisposed of at a reduction of 2., per quarter on former rates Otat and bean as flat at posclble,andpvlce. nominal ThefoliowingaretheemsmtquoUtoa.. J' ew wheat, 14.. tolls, per load of three Imperial buahels ; flue, 19g. to Ws., 6d. ; old wheat, 15., to SOs, ; fine, 21.. to 23. 6d. ; blendeorn, ISL, to 17L .rye,1ls.to 15..;1 beans, i7s.toIis.; Peas, 14L.to I6s; new oat., 2Os, to 26e. per quaster fine, 30.. to 32a.; old Oata, 28., to 356. ; hune, 32. to MSi.; grinding harley, SO., to 34.,; nialtlng bairley, 36., to 55.,; fine, 39s.to Gas. The coattle trade hax been heavy notwithstanding the moderests supplies of sftock. and prices have ha a downward tendency. Eere to-day the trade was very limited, the inquiries being few and holders of edock indisposed to asoept the lower rates offered. WOROBTEB Nov. 14. We have had a cessatlon of train, though the weather has been foggy with alight frosts and the wheat swing Is now finished In pretty good condition. The market to-day was dull, and milers would not give so mush mnoney for 'wheat by 2., Per Quarter. Englis white, 7s. to 7L d., and rted Us. 3, to 6., 6d. per bushe; malting barley, 5., toISe, 4d, and distilling, 4.. to 4., 9d. : new Englihl beans, 8.. 3d. and old, 6a. to Us. 6i per bushel ; old EngFlish oats, 4s. to 4., Sd per lilb.; andunew 3s.9d. to 4A.; Irish, 5.. 6d. so ds.; winter Tetches, g. 6d, to 6e. 6d. ;whitepea; 6., to 6L. Cd, and gray, 55. 3d. toss. 6d. peT. tbuseL Last Worceter averagGs:-WheAt £2 1sL 6d. ; bakrley, XL LIe. 2d.: and Oats, £el Us. Per quaeter. At Brom.grove market wheat fell to ISL. to 20.. per 9i score ; maltngbae-ley, 5L o 5LELfdPer busbel ; old beans, 8Se. to 19L ; and new. 1de, to L7g. Per ten score; oats 15.. tol1d, per eight soDre At Rid, derminter on ThursdaY wheat was In goo supply, and was 3.. per quarter cheaper ; barley als doeclned In a simila ratio. GLOOBOTEB, Nov. 14, Our market ham been Inflenced by the general depression, and EnglIsh wheat is fully 2a. per quarter cheaper, while foreignL has sustakined a depreciation of s.to 1L6d. Otherpgain also cheaper. At Oheltenham, on Thurrday, there was little enimatien in the trade, and prices fell 11.1 to 2.. pe quarter. At Tewkeshusr, on Wed. neaday, there was a good aittendance owing to the opening of a new corn-exchange, which has been erected immediately In front of the Town-hAll which Is now completely hidden by It, Prices here also were lower. At Hereford, on the same day, there was a good sutpply of wheat on offer, and Prices only Slightly gave way. Good red, 5ls. to f-la,; and white wheat fOe,. per qunrter. Malting barley not mush in-.. quired for, and ls, per quartorlower. Beans and Oat. dull, but Pear in demnand at former quotations. At Olrenceeater market priceswere eatienary, the demand being moderate. Tewkesbury fair On Wednesda Wee well supp3lied, and the attend. anon ot burerewasgood, but lowerpriceahad to be suabmittedtoinorder to effect slos. Beef 6d.to 6id.and mutton 74. per lb. Horse continue in demand, and realize good prices. At Moreton-ln-the-a.larb, on Tuesday, fat beef fetched 614]. to 7d. audmnutton 7d. to 7id. Oowa antI calves wore worth £171to;£22. Leoniinster fairwas wellsupplied, and, i ales were brsk, hut at a decline in prices. Fat cows Td., and cows aud elvyes L1iSto £18L Mutton cheape, but the demand pretty good These was a large supply oftItadnorahire and Wels butter on ofrer at this fair, as usual, and prices were high-la,. to IL.1t pevr lb. CHEELIBFRD, Nov. 14. There has been again this weak great dullness In the wheat trade, the millens being Indisposed to puzchas beyond their Ilmmedlat, w.utg. In our market to-day there was vesy Utile Indeed dotLr.g wvhera sales were made they were at Is. per Quarter below the rates ot least week. In harley there wasastillgreaterzseductIon,and lttle could be -dtsposed of except at an abatement of fully I&. to 2e. White wheat wasB &le, to 59a,; red, Msg. to i,%. ; barley, Its, to 42g.; chevalier, 57g. tos 45.. ; verindin3g, iii. to 36s, ; malt. 77g. to l9&.; oars, 24s. to 30g.; partridge De" ie.to 44.; whita. I3L to ,. b3iling, 40a. to 47s. ; tick beans, 40.. to 47g. ; harrow, 41s, to tIS&; Mazit;An, 31._ to 37e. The other Xssexi markets have been dull, and at Witham and Braitrtee wheat Was Is. lower; harley rather cheaper. AtIpewck thecourrnenyfor wheat wasnot nomInallylowered. The trade In barley was very uncertain, and the reduction was 2s. to Ss. At. Bury fine samples; of wheat fully maintained late rates, but secondary parcels, which wer out of conditionx from the weather, were2ioteaper. There was a heavy fall In white boltng pear, whichL were offered at 4s. to is. per quiarter below former quotations; Oats were gd. tolIs. cheaper, anidbarley Is, Yesterday, at Stowmarket, the trade in wheat was very heavy; qualities fit for the immiediato us of the millr went at folly last week,s rates ; other descriptions cheaper. At Bisugay wheat was At lost week's rates, but barley sold at 2s, to Is. left than of late. At Woodbridge there wAs littebibuiness doing. Wheat was In slow demand, and the qiuotations were Is. lower. harley, ev-en of the finest quality, war 2,. to is. lower, with Inferior samples almost unsaleable. Yeeterday, at Bishop', fitortford, there was a large eupply of wheat, which c-ould not be sold unless at a decline of 1s. ; baefey was for the test 3s. cheaper, and other qualities 4.. to 5a. There has been a good breadth of wheat sown in this district, asd the YOUng p1 ant is looking well. CAIMBIGE, Nov. 14. The weather has been cold this week; wheat reading has gene on favourably uponthe on soils. Farming work exeerlencesdsome intereruptionsl on,the high lands by the heavy rains, which upcon strong soils have reterded sowing and made the land look indifferent. The young wheate that were early planted are up and looking well. Mangold,i are yielding well and are now being stored. Potat,ue keep very badfly. The cattle trade Is dull. Stores are difficult to sell at reduced pricesAt Ely the supply of sheep was good ; the trade ruled dull, mutton makting 4.s. Ed. to Is. per Sib. Store sheep were raunch reduced in pites ; cow stock also was sold at declining rates. At this corn-market, with a moderate supply, flee white wheat sold at 6oti., and red 5Oaper quarter. 31lating barley of good quality made 4is, In other descriDtions of grain there was not much alterationi P1rices :-White wheat, 5Us. to 63a..; red, 46.. to iWe.; burley, (4a.; old beans, 44a,; new, 40s,; peas, 44g. to 41k; oats, I4e. to l2e, per quarter. At Fit. Iye's theree was a fair supply of Wheat, for which the demand waseheavy at the ratmes mtlatweek. In barley there was a decine of is. to e, per quarter. Beans and oats were dull of sale, At Sit. Neot's the wheat trade ruled dull, at a reduction ofIls. to Is per load. Barley was fully 2s. per quarter lower, In oats and beans there was a slight decline. Wheat, 27g. to 32.s. per load; barley, 31s. to 423. ; ows'2s, s to 29e.; beans,40g. to 46s,; peas, I1a. to046g. per Quartor. At RoyBtoni wheat made the Prices of last weo.k. Barley was Is. per quarter cheaper. Oats, beants, nod peas the turn In favour of the buyer. Wheat, 24s. toI3a. pe- load; barley,40ON to 433..; oats,1g. Iktt 3Ce. per quarter. At Ely the wheat trade ruled d0rl, and very little business was done at late rate.. Barley sold at declining rates NORWIOH Nov. IL. The weather has been worthy of the maouth, extreaely damp and dull. The thermometer hasranged betweenSI' and 10',and the rainfall in the week enading last evening was 0-U2 inch. The local markets have been, dull during the wpek, end baLrley hat generlly given way 2a. per quarter ; at King'g Lynn the decline was is to s. per quarter, At this exchange to-day wheat was In rather, meore limited supply, and, as the farmnArssrenuously refused to submnit to a fuirther reduction, the business done waa ur about lust week's rs.tce. Barley, however, declined Is. to Is, per quarter. The best white wheat (weighing 621b. to 6Cub, per bushel) made_155, to 61e.; )ed ditto (weighing 601b. to 0lb.), 9se. to 53s.; damp ditto (wveighIng 67tb. to 59lb.), ON. to (is.; malting barley (weighing 5211b. to 511bhj, 41.. to 14s.: ditta distMing (weighing 5hUb, to 531ls.l, ii.. to us,. per quarter. Flour (as the New Hills)le. 2.to lie,per sack. In the cattle-market to-day the supply, of store besetswas rather smaller. The weaither was milserably damp and wet, and sates pro.. ceeded slowly, ab downward tendency appearing In some easer The show of sheep was small, and a fair clearunc was made, In fat steak and sheep ther was but little alieration. De n orth of lEurope Bream Navigstion COmpInY'. steamer Tonniug arrived St Loweatof; lat evening with upwards of 300 betats and tOO shoep from the DuchY of Bchleawig. The stock were forwarded to London fortho motropoUtan market thisday (tionday). The importa - tiones wi terminate for tho easeon In about auoLher fortnight. RO0HESTEB, Nov. 14. We have been favoured vwith seasonable weathor for the tiLme of year, wbich bas Allo,wed eli kinds of farming operations to be carried on with Vigour. Wheat sowing has been performed under more favour. able circumstanceO than bave been known for several years past, and a very large breadth of wheat has been got in. The eary asown kinds are looking green aud heaIthy. The moist weatber has had a baneful influence on the wheat, a considerable portlon of that brought to markot being out ot condition. Dry frosty weather is much required. At our corn-market the buoyant tone which was observablo in tha wheat tradeo lst week o-uld not be maintained, and the umsettled state of trade and the money.market has had It. effoct on thdi market. Altbough the supplies were liberal for the time of the year, trade was in a very gloomy state, the transactions beiog of the merest retaii character, at sominaUy the same rates sa those o0 lest market. To foroo slea at all holders had to make al aliehiconoession in favour of the buyers, with little diposition on the ;artofthelatter to do buiness. For reaUy good samples former prices were readily obtained, but for inferior kinds aurchasers had th be met with a reduction of is. Barley has again experieoed a declne, tho large arrivai from abroad, together with the a!ow demand, having sent the market down fully 2s. on malting and is. to 2s. on grindingsort. Aquiettrade wascarriedoninthisartlele. Oatswera dull, and experienced a decline of 6. per quarter, the tendencY being downward. In other kinds of spring corn there was no alteration. The following were the quotations at the close of the market :-Whlte wheat, now, 6?a. to 56s.; extra, 53s.; new red, 44e. to 4-s.; extra, 5Or.; old white, Va. to 60.; old rd, i0. to 64a.; bariley, malting, 3ia' to (&; grinding ditto, 3b. t S3, * oats, 23s. to 27. * ben% 4Cto j VA. ; Peas, 40s.to44a, The provinwia m*e have aU boen more of l5es affected by tV' monetary Dreeurma th %bght prpec of last week having beon ar ain wceedied by X, sagem depre.io. Thi was the case at Maid stone oakek on T>UUyoC,Aere thS tradeo w fiat at delning VslO7s ; tot fne beavy oes the prices Of lst iarket Wrem matntalned, but other ould oc4 be done at a dligh reduction, Baley wasr fullp , pr quaer chb"per. At Cantebury to.day only a very limited busd. ne2 was effected at the nominal prives of ilat market. At Oroydon the ma rket Ws dua, but some good amples maintained faU prime. farers not areeAng to the decline. At Canbiok business was ax ceediDgly dull, at prioes fullp 3s. to 2. cheaper; barley expertenoed a decline of 2L per quarter. At Dartford trede wvas fit, and but little wheat changes hands. At Banaddch whet Was almot unsleable, aal a few samPles changed haunl at a declins of Ji. to S, B}lADIIG, Nov. 14. With dle opeu weather thi week the growth of the early sown wheat hau been forwarded, an3 it now looks uncommorl well. Th3 lat fewda barepr edvery faourableforgetting in wheat after mngoldwurtzel, and many trmenha Savaied themelves of the op. portunity. Manyhavebeenbusy in taking up rooh, and, on the whole,therappearstobeatifatcorycrop, othatwinter food for tattle wiU be plentuL The crisis In oommercial circls ha Droduced reat dapreeon in ths agrlcultunrditnereet, and the prioes har lawly so raldly declned that our large farmern now a ar disposed to hold their stocks, ln the tope that trde will rally; benose it is that in our orn exchauge to day the supnly of wheat ws very moderate. The oondition, however. wta much better than of late, the dry weather tbis week having tended much to theimprovementofsmples There was a disposituonto bal wheat,butthetermofferedwerelowertha thosoof last week; but holdenweaenotinsUnediogivwy, udth tradeforatme w;li themostlanguid adinanimatestate, owever,14thoda Yadvanoed therew. a tolemrbly reaylnquiryfor ptimacndutioned whease, And ,hose were dLposed of at the full terms of this day senuight. The inferior qualities were mute difficult to dud purchaer, and the quotations underwent areduction ofI.to Is,b Pioked samiles of exz aordinabrl good quaivty realised 64 . ordinary rans of best whits wheo were quted at S. to 6.; secondary, in to Bs,; and Inferior, , to t3r ed wheat, best descriptions, 56o. to 59w.; aecondy, 52L to WS, ;and infeior, 43. to W6. There ws a Isrge quantity of barle, malting and distUilig qualltier, on offer, and though there wfa b good attendano of west country dealk trade was remarkably dull, thmer being now no deie to specai In this grain. The beat orts were taken off slowly at a decline o! L, to I., and It ws orlywhe seUers were disposedoaocept a reduotion of3. to4.thatbuer.crouldbefoundforthedistilng andgindug parcels. Mting brley was quoed at 40, to 44s.; dtllng, 33g to 36s, : rindn&g, S, to 3L. For ali sotnd parels ot ct, which were In good supply, the inquiry waS good, and iate proes were main-tlned. Naw samples, even thougt. One, experienceit a decline of Is. Old Poland sold at 28a. to Slv.; new, 2b1. to Il.; old Tartay, 25 to 28a ; new, 19s to 13, Bean; were heavy in disposal, and were decidedly Is. lower. Old reliUzed hoEa 45s. to 52L ; new, 40e to I4s. Pe&a for grinding wore quoted at 41s. to 44L.; and white boilig pea at Ia. to 52. Our dour market bee maintaued previous quietnes, the reduction In the prioe of wheat not being yet sufficfent to Justlfy an alteration inthe existing rates, which are-household.46s.; Becond,Ie,4 per sack, of 201bt. The country markets this week, as far as the wheat trade only Is conoerned, have assumed a firmer tone than duoing the preoediDgfortnight; but the monetary panic hAs unmlhtakebly produoed a revolu - tion In the msrket for malting and dlstUiing barley. Speculation is checked, and no one cares to buy unles at a reat reductionL At Ab'mgdon, on Monday, there was a liberal show of whest, sod prices in man instances mproved about la, for fine qualities; roughn aerts however, were heavy in disposal, Brley declined 24, and tbe higheal quotation was 42s.; oats, I4 and beaus 2a. lower. On Tw day, at Didcot, wheat was In moderate supply, but prices were firm: barley reduoed in prioe. At Alton. on that day. the supply of wheat war more than equal to the demand, and prioes recded 2& B1arley wasain extremely duU sae, even At a dechne otf I to 3s. At Barngtoke, on Wednesday, the best sorts of wheat maintained late prieoe, but damp and inferior parcel were sold at a zeduction of Is to 2s. Barely was fnDy 3.. chbeper, and rery lttle could be solderen at that reducton. Oats were leg lower. At Hungaerbtd, on the esme day, wheat was unchanged In price, but arley wa 2s, to 3L lower. On the same day, at Wantage, there was a large rapply of grin, but trade generally was in a very lauguid state. On Thursday, t Newburry,wheat wam in moderatesupply. Best sortsw ere is., and the Inferiorfroms2. to i, lorer ;bet qusaty barley sold at a decline of 2L, and the indifferent sorts at 3s. to 4n. At) EHenley.on. Thames, oentie same day, the trade was In a very Inanimate sate. Wheat was taken off slowly at last week's rates malting barley wu 2e. to S, lower. aed the other quaUlties were difficult to seU at any reduo. tion, On Friday, at Wallingford, the supply of wheat was short; but little was sold, and that at revious rates Not so, hower, with barley ; the malting orts declned 2i, and the dislIUng acd grinding BL to 3s. OUs were l cheaper. DtLBIUN, Nov 13. We had a Teri, duU market here to-day. Wheat muet be quoted IL. barley 6d.. and oats3d. to 6d. per barrel under the rates of Tueedey. Toere waa an improyed demsad for Indian cor, at a reducUtio of la. ner ouar- .
ROYAL POLYTXCmNi0 INsTgTuTIoN.-The ls t novelty at this institution is a lecture by Mr. Pepper on the progress of "A Seuttle of Coals from the pit to the fireside," so copiously illustrated by dissolving views ofo agicturesque as well as aientifio kind thAt It almost ap. poces the cha ter ofa "entertainment." Comprehensive as the title may appear, it is less so than the subject of the lecture. Mr. Pepper goes a long way beyond the pit, beginning with those prima,val forests to the combustion of which the coal formations are attributed, next proceeding to the consideration of the fossils that bear marks of their vegetable origin, and then explaining the geological circumstances connected with the discovery of ooal, before he even sets foot in the vehicle that takes him into the region of the modern miner. The account of the "pit" itself is, in fact, a narrative of Mr. Pepper's own descent, and the spectators are not only informed of the whole process by which coal is hewn and brought to the surface, and initiated by means of an illustrative experiment into she mysteries of " downcast and " up.cast," but are, moreover, made acquainted with the peculiarities of subteranean existence, the mniery existing prior to the Earl of Shaftesburs reform being contrasted with the oomparative comfort of the present day. The latter portion of the lecture is devoted to the consideration of firedamp; and here Mr. Pepper introdtces a minute explanation of the "Davy lamp," showing by experiment the virtue of the wire-gauze, and iUustrating the danger of carelessness by a view of the recent explosion in the Lundhill Collery. At last, when his underground work is finished, he brings the whole discouzse to a cheerful conclusion by views of the banquet given by the Marchioness of londonderry to her workmen, and of the London Coal Exchange, this being the nearest approach to the "fireside" capable of picturesque exposition. Altogether this lecture is one of the most amusing and instruotive that has ever been delivered within the walls of the Polysechnic. There is scarcely a fact recorded that is not ilustrated by a picture, or a principle stated that is not elucidated by a diagram, so that if the ears of the spectator refuse to receive the information, which is clearly, eloquently, and sometimes evern humourously given by Mr. Pepper, his eyes can scarcely refuse the intellectual nutriment. MURDER AIND HIGEhWAY ROBSERY.-A most cold-blooded and heartrending murder was commnitted on Friday evening, about 5 o'clock, at Ashover-hill, about five miles from the town of Chesterfield, The place where the murder was perpetrated is not far distant from the residence of the Rev. J. Nodder, whose premises were burglariously entered some months ago. The victim of the diabolical act is a farmer named James Simpson, who has occupied a farm at Ashover under Mr. John Tomlinson, and which is about 25 acres in extent. It was his usnal practice to attend the market at Alfreton, which Is held on a Friday, to dispose of eggs, butter, and other farm produce. On Friday morning last, abous 20 minutes past 10 o'clook, he left his home at Ashover to go to Alfreton, about eight mUes from Ashover, and on this occasion he was to have been accompanied by a farm labourer named George ParneUl, who is in the service of hlr. Tomlinson ; but, as Parnell was busy winnowing, he did not go, and Mr. Simpson proceeded to Alfreton alone, with a bsaket containing abenut 121b. of butter, and 2s. 6d. in silver, which his wife gave him before he started. He was also to have sold two fat pigs. It is believed he left Alfrebon shortly after 3 o'clock-; ana he proceeded along the turnpike road to Higham, passed Ford-house, by H-anley and Dcerleap-school, and it is not known at present whether he was accompanied by any person on the road. Beyond this school he passed the wood belonging to Mr, W. lilnes, which is about 100 yards in extent, to Asbover-hill, which was about half a mile from his owu home. At this point the road is a lonely one, the only houses near being that occupied by Mr. Hopkinson, and another, in which Mr. Bassett resides. At this part of the road Simpson was attacked (it is supposed by some person from the wood), and shot behind the left ear with a pistol or gnu. The shotimusthave been fired close to his head, as the powder had burnt his vwhiskers and blackened the flesh on the left side of the face and neck. The report of firearms was heard, but it excited no alarm, and the murderem would have ten minutes to escape, it being that time after the report had been heard before any person approached the spot. The first person to find the deceased was Mr. Fletcher, of Alton CoUiery, 'who was returning from home to go to his works, when on passing along the road leading from Northedge to Ashover he heard some heavy groans, which increased as he drew near the spot. Soon afterwards a farm labourer named Joseph Marriott came up, and Mr. Fletcher sent him to the house of Mr. Bassett for a light, which was bronuht by Mr. Bassett. They found the deceased laid on his side, with his head in a cart rut, and they turned him over, when Marriott said, " It's Simnson." The man was bleeding profusely from the head. 'They procured a board, and carried him to his home, and Mir. Skidmore, surgeon, of Ashover, was called in, but pronounced life to be boeless. An effort was made to induce the dying man to spea, but he was insensible, and died about 8 o'clock without uttering a word. The surgeon was of opinion that small shot had been fired 4s well as a ball. The wadding was found near the place wbere the deceased lay, and a great quantlty of blood was on the ground. There were no marks of any struggle, and the deceased's clotbes were not torn. His watch and portemonnaie wero stolen, but some articles of grocery which he had purchased were found in his basket unmolested. It is supposed that the murderer mistook the deosed for Mr. Fletchier, who, vas on his way to his colliery to pay his men, and was supposed to have a good sum of money in his possession. Nothing has been heard of the murderer. Tr HoP DUTIES.-Abulky blue book of 400 pages,X published on Saturday, contains the report from the Select Committee of the House of Commonsoon theohop duties. There is no "report," properly so called, the printed matter consisting exclrively of the minutes of evidence. There was, however, considerable discussion in committee on oertain draught reports, and several divisions ensued. There appears to E a much discrepancy between the opinions of tho witnesses, f.or several of the Kent and Sussex growers are of opinion that hop growing is a losing concern, and tbat the excise dn uy isthe prindpalcause of tbeir diffliulties, whereas others, 'und all the growers of the finer kind of hops, have assure, .the committee that hop growing in the long run is a g°od ' nd profitable business A paragraph in the draught repo .t em oying the latter opinion, and declaring that the dut jon hops is (as these growers consider) a positive benefit T tending to restrict cultivation, was agreed to ncm con. T.he chairman, bowever,.was only directed to report the evidenceto the House, The total expense, allowed to Vie witnese amounted to the sum of 584 They were prl-aci. pa u farmers, and somne few brewers. Mr. J. G. Dr x, wa chal nman of the Select Committee.
LOffDON, MO.DAY, KOYrAfBER 16, 1857. Full details of the splendid achievements at Delhi and Lucknow have now come to hand. If anything could raise our estimate of the valour, the skill, and the unflinching constancy to which the very fact of victory under such adverse circumstances bore witness, it would be the narrative wbich we this day lay before our readers. Here will be seen what was dared and suffered by the brave men to whom we owe deliverance from one of the greatest perils which have ever threatened the Empire. Here we can judge what may be accomplished by a small body of resolute men when they have confidence in their commnanders and when that confidence is justified. The capture of Delhi and the relief of Lucknow are deeds of arms that may well serve as models to future commanders. Every detail of such exploits is interesting, since it shows what ascendancy may be acquired by one race over another, and how [the disproportion of numbers may be balanced by the vigour and heroism which only civilization can impart. Delhi was, as we have already learnt, taken between the 14th and the 21st of September. The little British force was established along a ridge facing the north aide, at a distance of from 1,200 to 1,600 yards. This position was rendered necessary, since the base of our operations was the Puniab. Singularly enough, the ancient city of the MoNuis was not attacked by a force supported and supplied by the capital of British India, but by the most recent conquest of our arms in the North-West. The enemy were in possession of a city which, though certainly not a first-class fortress, was yet strongly fortified by art, while its natural position made it well capable of holding out if garrisoned by defenders reasonably brave and skilfuL Such were the chances against a successful assault of the place that the British Generals-whom subsequent experience proves not to have been wanting in boldness-chose rather to rest on the defensive for months, though the resistance of Delhi was a most powerful encouragement to revolt, than risk their army and the national honour in an attack) which might he unsuccessful. At last the siege train arrived, it was known that no further reinforcements were to be expected, and preparations were accordingly made for the assault. The British force seems to have been even less than was previously supposed. It amounted to (6,500 infantry, 1,000 cavalry, and 600 artillery-Europeans and natives. Of this force, little over 8,000 men, probably less than half were Europeans. Still it was necessary to attack the city and its .25,000 defenders with this handful of men. How this was done is recounted in another place. On the i'th of September operations commenced. During the next three days batteries were traced, completed, and armed, [in spite of a sharp fire of musketry and a storm of shot aud shell. The Sepoys opposed our progress with a skdll which shows how much they have profited by our military instruction during their long term of service. For instance, we are told that " the enemy went to work to-night, and "made an advanced trench parallel to our left "attack and about 350 yards from it, from which "at daybreak they opened a very hot fire of "musketry, which was maintained during the rest "of the siege; they had prexiously got some light "guns and one heavy gun out into the open "on our right, which caused considerable an- noyance by their enfilade fire." We seem to be reading of TODTLxBEN and the- Russians when we come to such details of military science; and the narrative serves to show how wily and how dangerous are these AsiaMc tigers, who have been so long fawning on us. On the 11th our batteries opened, andW by the next day 50 gunS and mortars were pouring a continuous hail of shot and shell into the city. For three days the fire contioued, night and day; but even then the stubborn spirit of the mutineers did not give way. Though unable to fire from their bastions they sent out guns into the open,-" got a gun to bear " from a hole broken in the long curtain wall, " sent rockets from one of their Dlartello towers, " and maintained a storm of musketry from their "advanced trench and from the city wall." But; wlen things came to close quarters, then the difference between European and Aniatic made itself known. On the 14th the amault was made. We need not recapitulate the incidenta of. this eventful day, but we may call attention to the devoted courage of Lieutenant SAIKELD and his comrades who formed the party which blew open the Cashmere-gate. Never was the YVrIOaR CrOSS better merited than by thix most gallant officer and his companions in heroism. General bTxc,jx, sox then formed his troops and led on the fit column. In advanciDg towards the Lahore-gate he met the wound which has terminated his noble career at the early age of 35. Three of the columns were succesful; the fourth, unfortunately, miscarried. On the 14th the British lost 61 officers and 1,178 men killed and wounded. Yet the city was not to be won in a day. For sixc days more the enemyfought from street to street and from house to house. On the 17th our batteries commanded the bridge, the Selimghur, and the Palace, which were kept under an incessant fire of shells. The mutineers, with a coolness worthy of GoRTscAxoPF, came to the conclusion that the town could not be held, and accordingly sent off their baggage, with a determination to follow when it had gained a fair start. The towns_ people took refuge in the Palace or began to fr the city. Great numbers of the people came into the districts occupied by our troops, and were passed out of the town unhurt. Streams of people and animals also poured out from the Ajmere-gate. This strange ex:odus is one of the most striking things in the history of warfare. A few days later the city is described as absolutely void of inhabitants. Houses bazaars,mosques,weretenantless, andeverything left as at the moment of depariture. The capital of Mussulman India, vwith its 150,000 inhabitants, was changed tothe aspect of Pompeii, or those doomed cities of Arabian fable where the God of I&HozET turned a whole race of idolaters into stone. By the 19th great bodies of the mutineers had effected their escape. A remnant, however, stood their ground, and on this day, the fifth after the great assault, they actually got a field piece behind a breastwork and opened fire upon us, of course without much effect. The act, however, shows the obstinacy of the resistance, since, two days before the great body of the guns, numbering 226, had been recaptured, and there was not the slightest chance of holding the place. On the 20th, by 5 o'clock in the evening, the struggle was over. The whole city, the Palace, the Jumma musjid, or great mosque, the Selimghur, anud the bridge were in our possion. The mutineers seem then to have been struck with a panic, for they deserted their camp outside the Ajinere-gate, Ieaving their clothing, bedding, cooking utensils, and other necessaries behind them. So ended this momentous contest. The number of men by 'whom the city was assaulted was, indeed, disproportionately small, and on the principle that "the fewer men the greater share " of honour," they deserve all that can be said in their praise. From Delhi we must now turn to Lucknow. The operations coincided in time vwith the capture of DelHi. On the 19th Sir mN-RY HAVELOCE crossed the Ganges on a bridge of boats. The movement was not an hour too soon, for it was known that at Lucknow all supplies would be exhausted on the 24th. MIoreover, as our readers are aware, the works were found to have been mined, and in a few days more the garrison would have been at the Sepoys' mercy. We will not here describe the skill and couraga and opportuneness of the advance, but we would call attention to an incident -which seems to belong rather to the age of FROISSART than to that of Alini6 Rifles and scientific war. Sir JrEs OuTRAX was superior in rank to General H.xaLoci;, but, far from superseding him, Sir JAmas publishes an order appointing that gallant officer to the command of the force for the relief of Lucknow ; and, accompanying the army in his civil capacity, tendera his services to General HAvELocn as a volunteer. Nor was this an empty compliment or an unmeaning profession, for Sir JA-iis OUT'rxA, charging at the head of the volunteer cavalry, captured two of the four guns which were the trophies of the first day'x success. Such proofs of high and courteous feeling among brother officers give the soldier's character its highest charms. Lucknowr was eventually relieved, although we learn that, owing to the number of the sick and helpless, the garrison could not be brought away. It must, therefore, still remain under the command of its gallant chief, Colonel L'-GLIS, of the 32d. This officer, whose wife (the daughter of Sir F. ThESIGEn) and three children are shut up with the little force in the Residency, has, we believe, had the chief command during the greater part of the siege. We trust le may be spared with the rest of his gallant associates for suitable rewards in.. their native land. Such is the outline of the military news brought by the last mail. One character is impressed on all we hear of this desperate contest. It is the noble conduct of the officers in command and the devoted courage of the men. The country has, we all feel, repaired its renown, which was for a while wounded by the episode of the Crimea. We have now shown the world that we have Generals who can command, as well as soldiers who can go boldly to danger and to victory. The men who became notorious two or three years since may row be consigned to a contemptuous oblivion. In the triumph of new achievements the country has forgotten the disasters that are past.
COURT CIRCULAR. WLNDSOR, XNov. 14. Her Royal Highness the Daebeas of Rent dined with Her Majesty on Friday. The Queen walked in the grounds of the Castle this mornm Ing. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort, accoirpauied by the Prince of Leiningen, went to Weybridge, and attended the funeral of the late Duchess de Nernouns, and returned to the Castle in the afternoon. In attendance were Lord Oremorne and the Hon. ML Sackville West, Lord and Groom iii Waiting to the Queen; and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, the Equerry in Waiting to the Prince Consort. The Prineae Royal visited the Duchess of Kent at Frog. more. His Serene lighness the Prince of Leiningen left Windsor in the evening. Nlov. 15. Divine servioe was performed this morning in the private cbapeL The Queen and Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, the Prinoese Royal, Princess Alice, and Princess Helena were present. The Ladies and Gentlemen of the Court and the domestio household were at the servico. The Hlon. and Very Rev. the Dean ot Windsor officiated. Her Majesty will hold a Privy Council this day at Windsor Caste. Despatches were sent on Saturday to the Governors oE the Cape of Good Hope, Natal, and St. Helena from the Colonlal.office. Despatches were received from the Governor of MAlta and the Governor of the Faikland Islands.
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treoury in Downing-street. The AIinisters present wereVTisoount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Pann.ure the Ohancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Staxi!p of AIderley, the Duke of Argyll, and the R.*ljt Hon. M. T. Baines. The Chancellor of the Exchequer adno.al'dgelt the receipt of the first half of a bauk oteQ 1Q7, for unlaid LnQome-t&x, fronm "W C."
IND I AG CAPTURE OF DELHI A"F 'RELIEF OF LUCKiNOW. BENGAL. [Part Of the following appeared in our second editioa ~Of Satna. .-- (FROEr OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. "CALCUTTA, CCT. 8. "The transactions of the fortnight are not 'very complicated, but it is vain for me in this aetter to enter into minute details. I shalI 'do you and yotar readers a more acceptable service by a general sketch of the position "of affairs. And, first, for Calcutta. The panics Which for some months past have periodically distracted the metropoliB seem at last to be over. The Shaunon,theBe Bllele the Sanspareil, and the Pearl, with four armed steamers, are anchored off the ltownm They could destroy it in two hours. that little fact is perfectly appreciated both by eative and European, and the one Is there'lore quiet and the other contented. The volunteers, ':00 in nurnber, are regularly drilled, and the seamen ancd marines would like nothing so much as an emeute. The King of Oude is in the fort, and, though Government has not proof positive of his 'complicity in the insurrection, it is well aware that Calcutta would approve his execution. At BarZackpore, the metropolitan cantonmeent, three disarmed regiments are watched by 200 Europeans 'They are not quiet, but they are frightened, and well aware that the slightest movement will be the gnal for their destruction. The capital, therefore, may be conmidered safe, but trade has diminished at least one-balf. The money-market is un. precedentedly tight, and merchants are gloomily 'hinting at a pos5ibility which, having a due respect for the libel law, I prefer reporting privately. Beyond Barrackpore al becomes vague and indefinite till we reach the frontier of Behar. There is no one point of interest on which the mind can conmentrate its attention ; aU facts are lost in the rumours iD which they are enveloped'; Government Inowvs little, and publishes less, and the press is for -practical purposes extinct. It is not even in some places easy to distinguish the movement of troops. The Transgangetic portion of Bengal Proper is stiU perfectly secure, there being few Sepoys, and the DIussulman population remaining suspiciously quiet. In the provinces on the other side tome Zemindars, with dacoit bands, are giving trouble. Colonel Fisher, with one wing of Her Majesty's 53d, and -Colonel Berkeley with the other, are cleansing the valley of the Soane the best way they can. Captain Oakes, with a few Europeans and Sikhs, holds down Puruha. Captain :Rattray, with a strong Sikh -corps, is traversing the hill tracts beyond the Soane. -Colonel Grey, with 200 Europeans and 200 Madrassees, watches Dinapore, and, though last, not least, the Kamptee column of 3,000 Europeans and Mladrasseea has on the extreme west saved -Jubbulpore. All these bands have accomplished something in the fortnight. Captain Oakes has defeated Kookur Cooma, a Santal, who now leads the prisoners released by the Ramghur battalion at Hazareebagh. His position, however, is still one of considerable difficulty. It is considered probable that the Coles will rise when their harvest is gathered in, and in that case Captain Oakes will be enveloped, and will require the aid of Madras troops, if not of Europeans. The Ramghur battalion, whose mutiny was reported by the last mail, was puraued and defeated by Colonel Fisler, with the loss of four guns and 45 cartloads of ammunition. The remnant are believed to have joined the ,th Irregulars, but their subsequent movements are stiUl uncertain. The three regiments who mutinied at Dinapore, or rather the remainder of them vwho escaped from Major Eyre at Arrah, traversed ithe Rewah district, and remained in the neighbourhood of Jubbulpore for some days. Their' presence emboldened the 52d Native Infantry at Jubbulpore to revolt. They left the station with their arms, intending to effect a junction with the Dinapore men, but were met on the road by the Kamptee column,attacked,and defeated with the loss of 125 men. A few who were taken prisoners were executed on the spot. This saved Jubbulpore, and the victory carries with it an indirect result of the last importance. The 52d was thrashed by Madrassees. The ill-feeling between the two armies, always great, is now conlirmed, and the fidelity of 4he Madras Army secured by victory. In Assam there are two Light Infantry battalions, both of which have exhibited a mutinous spirit, The planters have taken refuge in Gowhatty and Debrooghur, but the province is totally defenoeless, the only European force being 100 policemen sent up from Calcutta. The Government is now endeavouring to enlist the men of Cachar, but without much success. Passing beyond the Kurmunassa, we find the whole of the B3undelcund territory in a state of disorganization, the chiefs having taken up arms. WVith the exception, however, of the Ranee of .Thansi, they have not as yet declared against the Europeans, and -will of course ultimately side with the strongest. " The native belief that this side will be the Sepoys' begins everywhere to waver. Delhi has really fallen, and, though the accounts which have reached Calcutta are few and meagre, enough remains to sbow that the conquest is complete. The loss of the British bas been very heavy, 1,100 killed and wounded, making 3,600 since the commencement of the siege. The troops are said to have behaved admirably. The Europeans stormed the magazine blown up by Lieutenant Willoughby with such a cheer, that the mutineers, probably ten times their own strength, fied without a shot. General Nicholson was terribly wounded, but refnsed to be carriedl from the field, and is since reported dead. It is to him we owe the fall of Delhi, for it was he who, after con4ributing in no slight degree to the security of the Puinjab, brought down the reinforcements. A atrong column under Colonel Greathed started in pursuit of the fugitives; but they will, in all probability, escape to Oude. " There General Havelock has executed a brilliant march, and has relieved Lucknow. On the 19th September he crossed the river at Cawnpore with 2,70r0 men, Sir James Outram, with most oreditable mastnanimity, surrendering the command to his able subordinate. He himself commanded the volunteer cavalry, of whom about a hundred have reached Cawnpore. G-enerals Neill and Hamilton led -the two brigades, one containing the bth Fusileers, Taer Majesty's 84th,the Madras Fusileers, and some light Artillery; the other, the 78th Highlanders, Her Majesty's 90th, the Ferozopore Regiment (Slkhs),and some Artillery. Oi the 20th General Havelock -received his heavy baggage and 18 guns, but no tents. On the following day the enemy, who were strongly posted across the road, were attacked and driven back with the loss of four guns. Two were takenby General Outram him selfwhose cavalry sabred 120 of the enemy. On the same day the in. defatigable General executed a march of 20 miles, and on the following one of 14, driving the enemy back upon Lucknow with the loss of all their gpunaOa the 24th s oalute aunounced to the heroic garrison the prospect of relief, and on the 25th the relieving force entered Lucknow. Step by step they Cllt their way to the Residency. It wag time; the besiegers had run two mines, which in three hours would have laid the defences open to a rusb from the whole of the rabble collected round the city. The batteries still continued to play upon the building, and in carrying them by storm General Neill was killed, a loss which almost outbalaluces the victory. The following are the General Orders issued in Calcutta:- THE RE-CAPTURE OF DELHI. "NOTIFICATION. "No. 1,237 of 1857. " Fort William, Oct. 2. "The Right Ron. the Governor-General in Council has received, by a telegraphic message, the gratifying announcement that Delhi is entirely In the hands of Major-General Wilson's army. "Delhi, the focus of the treason and revolt which for four months have harassed Ilindostan, and the stronghold in which the mutinous army of Bengal has sought to concentrate its power, has been wrested from the rebels. The Kiog is a prisoner in the palace. The head-quarters of Major-General Wilson are established in the Dewan Kha3. A strong column is in pursuit of the fugitives. " Whatever may be the motives and passions by whioh the mutinoua soldiery and those who are leagued with them bave been inetigated to faithlessness, rebellion, and crimes at wbich the heart sick-ens, it is certain that they have found encouragement In the delusive belief that India was weakly guarded by England, and that before the Government could gather together its strength against them their ends would be gained. They are now undeceived. "Before a single soldier of the many thousands who are hastening from England to uphold the supremacy of the British power has set foot on these shores, the rebel force, where it was strongest and most united, and where it had the command of unbounded miUitary appliances, has been destroyed or scattered by an army collected within the l2mits of the North-Western Provinces and the Punjab alone. " The work has been done before the support of those battalions which have been coUected in Bengal from the forces of the Queen in China and in Her Majesty's Eastemn colonies could reach Major General Wilson's army; and it Is by the courage and endurance of that gallant army alone, by the skill. sound judgment, and steady resolution of its brave commander, and by the aid of some native chiefs true to their allegiance, that, under the blessing of God, the bead of the rehellion has been crushed, and the cause of loyalty, humanity, and rightful authority vindicated. "The Governor-General in Council hopes that the receipt of despatches from Major-General Wilson wldl soon place it in his power to make known the details A the operations against Delhi, and to record, fully and publicly, tha thanks and commendation which are due to the officers and men by whose guidance, courage, and exertions those operations have been brought to a succeful Issue, " But the Governor-General in CounCl wil not postpone till then his gratefulacknowledgmentof the serviceswhich have been rendered to the empire, at this juncture, by the Chief Commissioner of the Punjab. "To Sir John Lawrence, .CC.B., it Is owing that the army before Delhi, long ago cut off from all direct support from the Lower Provinces, has been constantly recruited and strengthened so effectually as to enable its commander not on'y to bold his position unshaken, but to achieve comn plete success. " To Sir John Lawrence's uncoasing vigilance, ana to his energetio and judicious employment of the trustworthy farces at his own disposal, it is due that Major-General Wilson's army has not been hased or threatened on the side of the Punjab, aud that the authority of the Govern. ment in the Punjab itself has beesn stained and generally respected. "The Governor-General in CouncU seizes with pleasr the earliest opportunity of testifying his high appreciation t.f these great and timely services. " By order of the Right Hon. the Governor-General of IndiA in Council. " R. J. E. BIRCH, Colonel, "Secretary to the Government of India, in the Military Department." TIHE RELIEF OF LUCKNOW. " NOTIFICATION. "No. 1,238 of 1857. " Fort Wilam, Oat. 2. "The Governor-General in Council rejoices to announce that informnatlon has been this day received from Major. General Sir James Oatram, G.C.B., showing that the Reidency at Lucknow -was in the possession of Mdajor-General Hlavelock's Force on the 25th ult., and that tho garrison is saved. " Rarely has a commander been so fortunate as to relieve by his success so many aching hearts or to reap so rich a reward of gratitude as will deservedly be offered to MajorGeneral Havelook and his gallat band wherever their triumph shall become known. " The Governor-General in Counoil tenders to Sir James Outram and to Major-General Havelock his earnest thanis and congratulations upon the joyful result of which a mer ciful Providence has made them the chief instruments. " The Governor-General in Council forbears to observe further upon information whioh is necessarily imperfect but he cannot refrain from expreslng the deep regret with which he hears of the death of Brigadier-General Neill, of the Ist Madras European Fusileers, of which it is to be feared that no doubt exists, "Brigadier General NeiUl, during his short but active carer in Bengal, had won the respect and oonfidence of the Government of India; he had made himself conspicuous as an intelligent, prompt, self-reliant soldier, ready of resource and stout of heart; and the Governor-General in Council offers to the Government and to the army of Madras his sincere condoleace upon the lose of one whowas au honour to the servico of their presidency. "By order of the Governor-General of Indla In CounciL " R. J. H. BBCH, Colonel, "Secretary to the Government of India, in the "Militar Depakrtent." CC Delhi, then, has fallen, but I would wan your readers most earnestly not to believe that the revolt is therefore over. The fall of the city is important to our prestige, and may be injurious to the morale of the rebel forces, but the physical strength of the revolt is almost unimpaired. The greater number of the mutineers in Delhi must have escaped. There is no cavalry to send after them, and natives under all circumstances outmarch troops led by Europeans. The force in Delhi has been much reduced, and cannot be very speedily reinforced. The battle-field will probably be transferred to Oude. General Havelock's splendid march on Lucknow saved the Europeans imprisoned there, but he is too weak-handed to effect more. It is doubtful even if he will succeed in reaching Cawnpore. He is hemmed in by a force which cannot number less than 30,000 men, with all the communications in their hands, an amazing number of cannon, plenty of provisions, and the sympathy of the Mussulman population. There are no troops to send to his aid, and he designs, it is said, to leave a small garrison in Luck. now, and cut his way with the remainder back to Cawnpore. Round that station, again, the Gwalior mutineers are said to be concentrating; but this report, like most others, requires confir- mation. At present they are threatening Agra. In truth, notwithstanding the fall of Delhi, all we can hope to do is to maintain our ground until the English reinforcements a=rive. They cannot be here in force till November. They wil then be transported in steamers and by immense bullock trains to Allababad, whence strong columns, under Sir Colin Campbell, will sweep through the North-west and Oude, reconquering the provinces as if they had never been in our possession. Thbi movement cannot be commenced till the 2d of December, and till then I have not a hope of reporting the approach of permanent tranquillity. Meanwhile difficulties not yet described in your columns are thickening round us. " The greatest of these difficulties is the position of the Government of India as respects the Europeans. The revolt, wholly unexpected as it was, at first rather stupefied than appalled the dominant race. For a fortnight mutiny after mutiny, atrocity after a:rocity, found them still slumbering on in a strange security; and then, as it seemed, in an hour, all over India the European community awoke. The great white aristocracy, which has governed India for a hundred years, and whose very existence as a body seems half forgotten in England,, displayed that terrible energy whioh is so ftequentl,1 imparted y tbe pride, of rawc. In many diatri.t3 dewn'bed, but appare;tly incormetly, as of the 12th lregular Cavalry. Lord Canning does justice to General Neil in the proolamation which I enecle. The latest memage which man discover as emanating from Cawnpore states that on the day following that of the relief advances were making upon the city; that the 'right quarter' in our posesEilon, that seven guns had been taken, that the enemy were deserting the city by thousands, and that the late King's sons had fled to Fyzabad. I have heard of a native report as late as the 4th init., to the effect that Sir James Outram (this I believe is true) was sdightly wounded, and that the Europeans were going that day to have a great dinner at the Residency to celebrate their sucoess. Naturally, the country between Lucknow and the river is at present disturbed, but we shall Boon, no doubt, have fuller accounts from Cawn. pore. "F From Benarea we hear of the arrival at that station of Captain Peel with his naval brigade, and also of the Ghoorkas with the treasure from Goruokpore. The 93d Highlanders and the Miltary Train mounted on the horses of the 8th Madras Cavalry, and equipped like a Light Cavalry regiment, left Oalcutta for the Upper Provinoes in the last week of September, and must be well up in Behar by this time. Writing of the Ghoorkas just now, I should not have omitted an action near Azlmghur, in which 1,000 of these mnen (Nepal auxiliaries, be it remembered), led by English offioers, carried an insurgent village at the point of the bayone' in splendid atyle, capturing the three guns which defended it. To return, however, to Behar, there has been nothing to cause disquiet save in the very uncertain movements of the mutinied 5th Irregular Cavalry. These men appear to have got across the river Soane near Sasseram, to the eastward of Chunarghur, and to have joined one Oomer Singh, a brother of Koor Singh, and himself a marauding leader of some note. Colonel Fisher, with part of the Madras brigade from Raneegunge, Is supposed to have crossed the river on their track. The Dinapore mutineers, with Koor Singh's people, and probably the soldiery of the IRajah of Rewah, have, it is feared, got as far up the country as Banda, to the westward of Alhabad and north of Bundelcund. Ia connexion with them is again brought into notice the detested name of Nana Sahib-not Nena, as, owing I suppose to an indistinctness in my writing, it appers In your columns You may see a report that Nana Sahib was wounded in an encounter with Havelock's force in Oude. But there seems reason to suppose that he is not in Oude at all. Thee are nine or more Richmonds in the field. On the authority of his own cousin, lately arrested near here, and a Brahmin friend of that cousin and of himself, it may, I suppose, be announced with some certainty that the Nana has several men in various places with the rebels dressed like himself, and bearing his name. He himself, as I have said, is probably not in Oude. By information which I know to come from Scindia in person at Gwalior, he has an agent at Moorar, the cantonment of that city, endeavouring to incite the mutinied contingent, hitherto, as I have before written, held in check by the Maharajah, to join the rebels at Banda under his leadership. He himself, according to the same authority, is or at least was thought to be, when on the 5th and 6th inBt. the information left Gwalior, at Jaloun, some 70 miles to the eastward of Scindia's capital. If the projected movement is effected, the Nana will have at his disposal a large body of disciplined mutineers, and whether he cross into Oude or, stil worse, move downwards into Bundelcund, he may yet do us much mischief. Agra-where Mr. Colvin's successor is Captain Fraser, of the Engineers -he in not in the present state of things lkely to attempt. It would be satisfactory to believe that the reward of 50,000 rupees said by a Calcutta paper to have been placed upon the head of this miscreant is likely to lead to his speedy apprehension. " The Indore and Mhow mutineers were, as I have already mentioned, still at Dholpore when last heard of. Holkar's territories are disquieted by the threatened presence of Rohilla, and other mercenaries, nominaUy iu the pay of the petty Rajabs of Dhar and Anjhera, who have been plundering and burning in the neighbourhood of these towns and at Bhopawur. But for these troublesome neighbours the Bombay colnmn at Mhow was on the point of advancing to Indore. Now, however, on the report of a movement by the marauders to the southward, the main body of the column holds fast, while a troop of Dragoons (14th) with two guns aDd a wing of the 25th Native Infantry fals down the road to the river as far as Manpoor. The preservation of the line of the Nerbudda, the prevention of all disorderly persons from crossing to its southern bank and thus entering the Deccan or Candeish, is of great importance. It is with this same view that a party of the 28th Madras Native Infantry has moved down the river from Hoshungabad to prevent a body of loose plunderers from crossing at Hindia, or to destroy them if they have crossed. The column of the Hyderabad contingent from Edlabad has also crossed the Taptee and advanced to the Nerbudda, and it is probable that the Bombay flying column of dragoons, guns, and infantry will be pushed forward to Mhow from Aurungabad, where the resident at Hyderabad says he has no longer any need for them. In the Saugor and Nerbudda territories there is cause for anxiety. The fort at Saugor is in a perilous position, alone in a hostile country, with a garrison of only 123 fighting men, with nearly 200 women and children and a large arsenal to protect. The Madras column, as I wrote in my last, has been forced by the mutiny of the 52d at Jubbulpore to fall back for the protection of that important station. On its way it came upon the 52d, drawin up to oppose its passge. The guns were brought to the front, and the mutinous regimeat soon broke and fled, with the loss, it is said, of 150 killed. The body of Lieutenant Macgregor, who, you may remember, was detained by the regiment as a Inda of hostage, was found covered with bayonet wounds. Jubbulpore, then, is still safe. Reinforcements are moving up from Eamptee, which in itself being strengthened from Secunderabad; and we may hope for the best throughout that district, unless Nana Sahlb and the Dinapore and Gwalior mutineers come down that way. I come to our owu Presidency, and, beginning with the north, am happy to report Soinde as quite quiet; Hyderabad and Shikarpore tranquillized by the substitution of Europeans for native artlllery, and by the presence of companies of the 4th King's Own; and Kurrachee at ease, having disposed of the overt mutineers of the 21st. All is well in Guzerat. General Roberts has the 89th at Ahmedabad, allowing him to spare the rest of the 83d for Deesa, The Guicowar is friendly, aud Sir Richmond Shakespear, the Resident, zealous and cooperative. In Candeish, however, some of the Bheels are up near Nassick, and Lieutenant Hienry, of the Ahmednugger Police, well known here, poor fellow I In old days on Lord Falkland's staff; he was slain in a rash though gallant attack upon them. From these quarters, however, regulars and police are moving upon them, and they will soon be put down. The e6ntral and southern districts of the Presidency are quiet, but Bombay itself has had sedition in its heart, and has witnessed the inflietion of capital punishment by sentenee of court-martiaL The day before yeeterday a drill-havildar of the MAine Battaion, a Musaulman; and a private of thelOth Native Infantry, a high-casteHindoo, woe blown from ne-pounder [guns on the espinsade ofth fort, in presenc of aul the troops
THBE LAST SCENE OF THE PERSIAN WAR The following is an extract from a letter dated Rushire, September 30:- " We are now at the close of the last Persian expeditionary scene of 1856-57, all our force having departed for India, with the exception of a wing of a native regiment and the General (Brigadier-General John Jacob) and his party, who possibly may embark to-morrow and sadl on Saturday. A portion of the Persian force intended to occupy Bushire on our departure is on its way in, and on arrival the Persian flag wiU be rehoisted under a salute of 21 guns from an Indian navy vessel of war, the 8rmo number of guns being returned by the Persians in honour of our Queen and in acknowledgment of the compliment. The townspeople and inhabitants in the neighbourhood are generally very sorry to lose us, for a more orderly camp or better behaved troops than those so long located at Bushire have been could not be conceived. Ddalers in everythiDng have been scrupulously padd, and at their own prices, and justice hba been rendered to all of every degree. Of course the Per. sian lieges regret us under such circumstances, but we leave a good name behind us, and they must hold a bigher opinion of British power and resources than was formerly the case, when they had no means of judging of them to so full an extent."
TO THE BDITOR OF TH& TIIMES. Sir,-In referenco to your report of the proceedings insti. tuted in Marlborough-street office of police against my servants yesterday, although aware of the difficult task I have to perform, lest by possibility I might saa anything which would appear disrespectful to a court of justice, I cannot refrain from expressing my convictioa that a policeman dressed in plain clothes as a detective was not justified in waiting until my family and myself had entered our car. riage before pUtting in force his authority. i feel assured, myself, that my coachman rwas not drunk, and had only endeavoured to discharge the duty in which he was then e"gaged. It is not unfrequently the caso to make charges against others of offences of which parties are themselves guilty, and, as I also feel that a very great outrage has been committed oat my family and myself by the detective policeman in plain clothes, I have felt it my duty to write to Sir Richard Mayne, requesting an investigation into his conduct. I am. Sir. vonrhoAin,t c.", ARCHIBALD MACOLANE IC r! R n__ Colonel 52nd Light Iafaatti. 13, Ctumberland-street, Hyde-park.
THE NEw AP1POlTmENTS AT DELH}L-LieutenantColonel H. P Burn, of the 1st Bengal Native Infantry, is son of Colonel Burn, who, with two of our Sepoy regliment3 and a reginient of Mahommedan Nujeebs in the service of the old blind King Shah Alum, gallantly defended Delhi in 1804 against Jeswunt Row Holkar with 30,000 men and a large park of artUllery; and Colonel Hugh Fraser, C.B., of the Bengl Engineers, who has been appointed Chief Com. issone for Agra, Delht, and the adjoining districts, is related to Wllliam Fraser, Commissioner and GovernorGeneral's agent at Delhi who was murdered in 1834 or 1835 at the instigation of Nawab Shumsoodden Khan ; to Simon Fraser who held the same offices, and was murdered by the mutineers at the commencoment of this insurrection and to.Rugh Fraser, formerly in cbarge of the Paniput Divi. ilt of the Dblhi territory. These circumstances are not jqiitiz'mt sIgni2ancej especlily in native apprehendon.
LAW BEPORT. COURT OF CHANcEY. laxcoT'A.rn,. Nnv 1-t THE PREFERENCE SHAREHOIE3RS OF THE GHEAT 2TORTHERN RAILWAy C03PANY (HllRY AND OTHERS) V. THE GREAT NORTlERNT RATLT.WAY onn>v (Bcfore tag LORD CM&NOELLOR and the LOB;DS JU1TIOCS gv A -. , IL Tnis pa t-heard appeal from a decree of Vice-ChanceUor Wood, relating to the rights of preference shareholders, and which has been fully reported in The Times, wu this mornm ing resumed. lr. DAmr having ccncluded his reply, The LORD CH'CELLOR said the question was one of the greatest importance to a very large namber of shareholders, not only in this, but in other companies. It would be therefore desirable to dispose of the question once for all, and to settle the rights generally of all preference shareholders. He had given his best attention to the arguments, and must say that he thought he had satisfied his mind as to what ought to be the decison i the case. As, however, the issue was one of suoh grave importance, and thejadgment would have a bearing upon so many dmilar cases, he was of opinion, with the Lords Justioes, that it would be better to give the matter a little more consideration; the case would therefore stand ia the paper for judgment on Saturday next. WARDEN V. JONES The arguments in this part-hward appeal from the Marter of the Rolls were, then proceeded with. The suit was instituted by a creditor of a person named Barnett to set adde a poss-nuptial settlement made by him of his wife's railway stock, in pursuance of a parol agreement entered into before marriage. The plaintiffs debt was owing at ths time the agreement was made. The Mfaster of the Rolls held, with regret, that the settlement was not a valid and subseting instrument, and declared it void against prior exit|g Wcreditors. From this decision the wife and her brother, who had lent her 2504. on the railway shares, appealed. hlr. R. PALnRx and Mr. S. SIesTas opened toe plaintiff's case, as it was an appeal from the whole decree Mr. LLOYD and Mr. LANGWORTRY, for the appellants, contended that the settlement ought to be upheld, both on the ground that there was a moral obligation on the hasband to make it, and that there had been part performance of a parol agreement, which took the case out of the Statute of Frauds. The LonD CIANCZLLOR reserved his judgment, (Before the LonDs JusTimE OF APPEA,) BIRCH V. SEWELL. Their Lordehips, after having sat with the Lord Chancellor until the middle of the day, proceeded with the further hearing of this case. The appeals are from orders of Vice-Cbancellor Stnart, and the object of each party is to vary certificates of the chief clerk. The facts are wholly uninteresting. Mr. Malins and Mr. F. S. Wiliams are counsel on one side; Mr. Wigram and Mr. G. F. Smith appear on the other side.
VICE&CHBANOLLORR' CTTRT, .n- it IN RE THE IRISH WASTE TANDq 7%flnfr- C- (Before tce-C7uanceltor Sir R. T. KmnrpTir;v I Mir. liasse and Mr. W. D. Lewis appeared upon a titlion in this matter, the object being to wind up the affa.rs of this concern. The company was projected previously to and carried on business until the year 1850. It was to consist of 10,000 shares of 601. each, of which, however, 2,015 only were subscribed for and allotted, and some of those were forfeited. Seven calls of 12C. each had been made, in addition to the original deposit of 1I., and the remainder were unappropriated. The company had an office in St. Mildred's-court, in London, and meetings had taken plaoe up to 1852; and in 1849, alt a general meeting held on the 27th of February, it was resolved that a committee of three members should wind up the affairs. Various proceedings had taken place under that resolution, and .al the estates belonging to the company, as lessees, had been dealt with except one, called the Glene sk estate, of which the rent being In arrear an action of ejectment was brought against the company by the landlord, and finaljudgment was entered against them. Certain of the shareholders had contributed' in unequal proportions to these proceedings, and 160 were now liable tothe debt due for rent, whieh amounted to 2,6417 18s. 10d. Apetition to wind up the company had been presented before the Mster of the Rolls in Ireland, and no order was made, wlthoutprejudice to a similar petition being again presented. The present petitioner, Mr. Dredge, of Liverpool, held 240 shares. The YICP CHAxeELLOR made the order. SELBY V. PFRAZER. This biUl was filed by Jane .elby, who, on the death of her brotber, John Charles Selby, had carried on the business of an army and navy tailor, since June, 1854, at Portsea. The object of the suit was to obtain relief against Roderick Frazer and John Davis, formerly cutter-out and book-keeper to her brother and herself, in respect of alleged unfair dealing in getting arway custom from the plaintiff by means of the knowledge their former position enabled them to gain. It appeared that the plaintiff was legatee from her brother of the business in question, and a letter was extant whereby the testator's intention appeared to have been to make some arrangement in favour of Frazer, and that his sister might not carry on the business alone, and after his death attempts were made to arrange something between the parties, but without success, and the result was that Frazer and I Davis suddenly left and opened a shop in the immediate vicinity, aUleging that certain new parties being employed by the plafntiff was a breah of an understanding then sub. sisting. What the plaintiff now complained of then took place-namely, certain customers of the old fiim became customers of the defendants, by means, as was alleged, of representations made by them which induced such persons to employ them. The cause now came to a hearing, aud a great de. of evidence had been gone into with reference to the circumstances attending the alleged getting away of customers, and the defendants had been examined and allidavits made. What was now asked was that the defendants might be restrained from soliciting the custom from persons who had employed the original firm while they were in such employ, from using measures obtained from the plaintiff's establishment, or doing any act whereby the intiff might be injured. The defendants admitted solicit. g custom, but denied having done so except in the ordinary course of trade, nor had they used measmres obtained whi e in the plaintiff's service, having made clothes for some customers from memory of the measures. Mr. Bagshawe and Mfr. CottreUl appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Batly and Mr. W. W. Cooper for the defendants. The VICE-CHAICELLOB, without calling upon the defen. dants' counse, said that from an early period of this case he had entertained an impression, which had strengthened as It proceeded, that It could result in nothing but a dismissal of the bill, and the only question was reaUl as to costs. AU that counsel's ingenuity could suggest had been brought forward, but the case was an entire failure. His Honour then referred in detail to the various branches of relief rayed, and observed that it was perfectly lawful, however Ealhonourable and discreditable, for an individual in the employ or service of another, after quitting such service, to induce customers of hls former employer to becomehis own; iprimd facie that was dishonourable and discreditable, but it was cLear that this Court could not interfere to prevent it. The obligation might be moral, but it was not legal On the other hand, where a knowledge was acquired of matters which the employer had a right to keep secret from the world, whether trade books, &c., th're was no right to make known such secret to others. The plain. tiff had wisely abstained from pressing for a great deal of the relief asked, but an inquiry was asked whether the defendants had executed any orders intended for the plaintiff. If that had been alleged and proved, or even their intention so to do, she would have been entitled to an injunction. The other thing asked was to restrain from soliciting custom, on the plea that the defendants had the measures of the customers whether the Court would grant that was questionable. As to the inquiries, there was nothing approaching an allegation, and that alone was conclusive. His Honour then referred to two cases of Lieutenant Thompson and Mrs. Markham which were relied on, and said that the first was a bond fllde order to Frazer, although also given to the plaintiff. the second only alleged that some other person aUeged that Davig had written, &c. The rules of pleading were founded on good sense, and that which decdied that such an allegation must fail was not a mere technicality. It was said that the defendants did not possess the measures, and that when they represented that they had them the repesentati vras a flsebood ; this was very unsatisfactory. This cuae did not come within the cases cited, and,although the plaintiff's conduct in meditating bringing other persons into her employ might be some palliation of what the defendants had done, and their conduct might be shabby, et, as she had en. tirely failed in her case, the biU must be dismissed with costs, MOOEHEOUSE V. COLVrN This was a supplemental suit to the suit of "Lordv. Colvin," which has been so often before the public, and which involves so large an amount of property under the will of the late Peter Cochrane. The object is that the present suits may not be heard until the disturbances at Lucknow Feruckabad, and Cawnpore, in India, have been suppressed, so that certain native evidence might be adduced, and for reading other evidence. This bill was demurred to. of h de.. and Mr. E. F. Smith appeared in support (Before VChanceUor Sir W. P. WOOD.) IN TEE MATTrR OF STADISn'S SETTLE D ESTATZS AND OF THE CARLISL,E and siLLoTYi BAY RAILwAy AmD DOCK ACT, 1854. This was a petition by the Lord of the Manor of Holme Cultram, in the county of Cumberland, for payment of a isum of maoney which had been paid into court by the CharislUe andS iloth Bay Railway and Dock Company, in respect of a portion of the sea shore at Sioth, on the Solwa Frith, between high and low water mark, taken by thee comany, thoetitioner claiming the money on the ground that the land t ein was of the manor of Holme Cultram. By a Royal grant daJted the 29th of April, 1693, and enrolled the 16th of October, 1706, King Willam And Queen MarY granted the manor of Holme Cutrm wt the rights, members, and appurts Itbreo, wththe site of the manor and the late moonastery, with the demesne lands, and all the salmnon fishery withinL the lordship of Seyton, in the county of Cumnberland, &c.. and all their Majestiee' estate, right, title, interest, claim, and demand whatsoever, of, in, and unto the said premises, excepting all mines royal of gold or siver within th esaid manor, being or to be found, and adl Ererogatives thereunto belonging. The petitioner derived is tle under this grant and certain indentune of 17J2, divers mnesne conveyances, anid ultimately by an indenture dated the 26th of August, 1842, by which the manor was settled to certain uses, under wbiek Mr. Rowland F, W. P. Standish, the petitioner, held theg, first estate in pogse. sion. It appeared that a charter had been graiited by Kin John to IIGod and St. Mary of Holm e Oultram.' gbr charter was recited and confirmed in a charter froga Bgenry IIL, (122) granting all that isl&ad- of HohneC i,a,s~ its rights, bounds, and its appurtenances which our'father .hath given it to them," which p*Uo certat,ortionweredewrbedtobe "by tbe dlrclt$ the se." i quo iwarranto 20th Edward L (120 thetile Of the Abbot of Rolmn Caltra to the manor was called in question and was Satablithed eDieDt as to " wreck of the se -` the judgment beit that " the charter it was not eon7ained that 0 Sery granted to any preaeoessor of the sea, and wreck of the sea was a Royal libert and not of the appurtenants of any tenement, wherefore it was considered that the King shoald recover against him the aforesaid wreck." At the dissolntion of the monasteries tho manor reverted to the Crown. A survey of the manor was taken under the Commonwealth, Marc20, 1649, by virtue of a commission groanded upon an Act of Parliament for sale of " the manors and lands there. tofore belonging to the late Qaeen and Prince." Among the property enumerated in the sarvey as parcel of the manor were, " Wrecks of the sea, hauling, hunting, fowling, and fishing, and all other profits and perquisites wnthin the aforesaid snanor to the royalty appertaining." Snbsequently to this came the grant of Wiliam andMar, under which and diversman conveyanoes the petitioner cls.med. In support of his claim evidence was adduoed as to porambulations of the manor held every seven years, and advertised in the country papers wnth notireiven to the tenants, and the adjancts of nags and music. These perambulations followed the coast between high and low water mark, and the fisbing nets and stakes encountered by the prooemson were cuLt and torm up ina rtion of the lor r27ightLc Evidence as to other acts of ownership was also adduced. It appeared that the 8pot as to which the contest arose was In the immediate 'nelhhbor.hood of the fray described by Sir W. EScott in "Redgauntlet," between the "Tide. net Fishing Company" and the Solway fishermen. One of the witnesses wa an old man named Solomon Geddes, posibly a descendant of "Quaker Geddes, of Mount Mr. BOLT and Mr. G. LAxz Russ7LL contended that by ancient docamentary evidence and modern usaRe the right of the petitioner to the foreshoro as against the Crowrrwas* amply made out The Charter. of William and May con- tained a reservation of gold and silver mines only, and. although there ml°ht bo some doubt as to the title to "wreck of the sea, 'looklng at the proceedings under the quo warranto, yet that waS by no means conclusive as aganst the title to the foreshore. With respect to the evidence afforded by the perambulations everything had been done to give them publicityand to challenge an adverso claim. Mr. W. IL JA=iB, on behalf of the Crown, contended that there was nothing in the evidence to satisfy the Court that the Crowmn had parted with its ordinary right. Grants from the Crown were always to be construed most strongly in favour of tho Crown and against the subject, the grantee. The charter of Willam and Mary coatained not a word as to wreck or foreshore, while it was important to be observed that where franohises, &c., had reverted to the Crown at the dissolution of the monasteries, they became merged in the Crown, and would not pass by regrant unle8s specially men. tioned. The evidenoe as to the bounds of the manor arlsing from reputation and the perambulatious was wholly insufficient to bind the Crown, which had no means of ascertaining what was taking place in every.remote corner of Engband inoppoeltion to Its rights. The cae wasrot concluded at the riing of the Court. Mr. Eanaon and Mr. T. D. Salmon follow r. W. I.
COUIRTOF QUEEN'S BENcIr. Wrn "c- ITA TA THE QUTH V. .TAY_ (SiUings in Banco, beore Lorc A A CPELL and JTustic COLERIDGE and WIaHT.iA?q in s case the defendant, who was a ontrctor, had been fined ls. for non-compliance with the 38th section of the Metropolis Local Man.gement Act (18th and 19th ot Victori, cap. 122). By that ection it was enacted, that two days before commencngany building the builder ehould give notloe to the district surveyor, stating tho situation, area, height, and Intended use of the said building, &c., and by the 41st section any builder neglecting to ve such notice was rendered liable to a penalty not etceeding 0 The defendant had entered into a contrat with the Comisoners of Lleutenancy of the Cit of London to erect a building intended to be used for the deposit of the arms and accoutrements, &o, of the London Militia; and the question now raised was, whether the building in question was within the operation of the first part of the Act. This dependedaon whether the building came within the following desciption in the sixth section, which exempted from the operation of the first part of the Act among other buildings, "Her Maestf's Royal Palces, and any building in the possession of Her Miesty, her hoeir amd anucessors, or employed for Her Majesty's uso or ser- Mr. X Smith. Q.C., having been heardIn support of the conviction, MEr. Lush, Q. C., who appeared for the appellnt, was not called upon. Lord CAMPBEL said, the counsel for tbke respondents had said all that oould be said in favour of thli conviction; but hisLordship thought thatav the buildingwaa ereced for the dleposit of arms, accoutrements, Is. of the London Militia, tt ws clearly "employed for Her Ma jesty's use or 6ervice," and so exempt from the operation of that part of theAct. The other Judees being of the same opmnion, the conviction was quashed. THE QUEEN V. GOODOHMUI. In this case the Rev. T. 0. Goodehild, the rector of. Hackney, had been assed to the yoor-rate of the EantLh in respect of the tithe commutation reltcharge; t in estimating the rateable value thereof he had made certain claims for deductions which the overseers had not allowed. He accordingly appealed against the rate, and in the result a case wa stted for the opinion of the Court, raising the question as to whether in estimating the rateable value of the rent-charge these deductions ought to be allowed. The deductionsclaimed were very numerous, the chief being in respect of land tax, sewers-rate, &so. M Kr. Hill, Q,C. (with whom was Mr. Aspland), was heard for the respondents. and Sir F. Kelly (with whom were Mr. Bodkin and Mr. White) for the appeliants. The CoUR took time to consider. TEHE QUEEN V. HAWKINS. This was a similar case to the last, deductions being claimed in respect of land-t%x, property-tax, paymenits m&ae to Queen Annes sBounty, and the personal services of the incumbent. Mr. Hill Q.C., and M1r. Bovill, Q.C., having been heard for the respective parties, The CouRT took time to consider. THE QUEN V. GOODCHILD ANsD SOTM. This was a case which raised the question of the liability cf the Rector of Hackney, and the incuibent of another church in the parish, to be rated to the sewers-rate, lighting. rate, and general-rate under the MfetroDolis Management Act, in respeot of the tithe commutationrent charge. The question turned on the construction of V6e 120th, 161st, 163d, and 164th sections of the Metropolis Management Act, and the 86th section of the U1th and 12th Victoria, chapt. 112. M r. HI. Hill, QC., was heard for the respondents, and Mr. hite(wit whm wa Mr.Bodkn),in the absence of his leader Sir F. Kelly, argued the cdase forthe appellants. The COUJRT took time to consider. ONSLOW V. PARRY. Mr. H.WKLNS moved, pursuant to leave reserved, for a iule to enter the verdict for the defendant or to reduce the damages. The action wax brought upon four attorney's billsand at the trial, which took place this term betore Mr. Jestice Erle, the plaintiff obtained a verdict, subject to tbe present applcation. The learned counsel said he bould have to contend that one bad item made the bill bad. Lord OCxrnrnr. said, that as the learned judge had received leave to move the learned counsel might take a zule.-Rnile nisi granted.
COURT OF COMMON PT.PAS qA'rTn,AV XT 'A I -_ GAPP V. GIAN-DOSAf (Sitings at Nisi Prius, at WetmitnsSer, before Mr. Justice CRESSWELL and a Common J.urm.l 'inIS was an action brought to racover damages for the breach of a contract made on the hiring of a horse, aud dtated in the declaration as containing a promise that the defendant would use the animal for riding only. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine and Mr. Francis were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Shee, Mr. Pearce, and Mr. Merryweather Turner appeared for the defendant. The p'aintiff is a rldlng.rastar and a livery stablekeeper, carri- on business at Paddington, and also at Brighton. The detendant is a merchant In the city, and his wife had been for some time past in the habit of riding horses belong iDg to Mr. Gapp, and also ta}ing lessons in the art at his schooL It seemed that she had a decided preference for a mare named PolyhymnI, and some time ago, having taken a house at RichmoInd, Mr. Giandonati hired her for his wife's use for a month, Mr. Gapp saying at the time of the bargain that his usual charge was 10l. IOs a-month, but that as Mrs. Giandonati wam a kind andl skilful rider he would only ask gix guineas frrtm her. The mare was sent to Richmond with a side.saddle, and some time afterwards returned with a severe cut below the hock, much de'e. riorated in value, and useless for the purposes of the ridingschool. She was afterwards sold at Aldridge's for about 10l., and this action was brought to recover the differenoe between her value before the injury, which was stated to be 50i., and what she afterwards fetched at the sale. The mode in which the damage to tho mare aroEO was this -whUle she was in the posession of the defendant his coachman, with the assistaace of the oetler of the iaSS of Richmond-hill, put her into harness in a chalse the shafts of which were too short for her, for on setting out, although perfectly quiet at first, when she was driven down the incline of Richmond-hill, the carre pressing on her bind quarters, she ran away, the wheels came in oontact with a post, the chaise upset, and was dashed to pleces, and the mare seriously injured. Mr. Serjeant SZEE, at the termination of the plaintiff's case, contended that at the time of the hirltg nothing was said about any restriction in the mode of using the mare, and put the defendant into the witness-box to prove that he had not promised to use her merely for riding. Mr. Justice CRESSNVELL, however, said that as Mrs. Giandonati had ridden the animal in question before and had never had her in harness, that as she had been sent with a side-saddle expressly for her use and had been chosen on account of that lady's preference for her, no one in their senses would suppose that she was required for driving par sea What would Mr. Giandonati have said if Mr. Gapp set her with a set of harness on her back? The question then resolved itself into one of damagos, and to contradict Mr. South, the eminent veterinay surgeon, and other witneses who had proved theserious nature of the wound which the mare had recelved, the defendant's coachman and a young man named Dodge, who had ridden with Mrs. Giandonati some days after the accident, were called. They spoke of the injury as a very slight one, and The learned JUDGR baving summed up the whole case and commented upot the want of iudgment displayed by both the coachman and MLr. Dodge in permitting Mr. Giandonati to ride the mare so soon after the accident, tberebf most probably infdicting further damage upon the The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages 351. LAlWVEECE V. WSTON. This wa an action for false imprisonment, in which a verdict was taken by consent for 56.5s., ali imputations upon the plaintifs character being wvithdrawn by the defendant. THl ST. JAMES'S HALL COMPANy V. FRAMPTON. Mr. AL Smith, Q.C., and Mr. Turner were counsel for the pitifie td; and Mr EAdwi James, QC., and Mr. Hawkdns for the defendamt. This Wu an action of ejectment brought to recover a hoa and plremises situated 69, Rept-BLTeet of which the above compaMy bad become 1 esees. Dring the Progress of the caee an offer was made (the learned JUIDG haVing aUggested that somae a-rangement might be come to) on the part of the nl1intffi whicb bowever, the defendant, notit te hte[mti dvic of her counsel ref uzed to accede to. ~he tria went on and was nearly at a close, the main point in bon-e being the validity of a notice to quit with respect to the expiration of the defendant's tenah:ncy When,- Mir. JTxhs roe and sd he was willing to agree to the terms of the company Mr. IL SzaTEn said that having once made an offer he would not retraotk And a verdict, was accordingly entered for the plainti° subject to terms which were not publicly mentioned. POSTER V. JON. Mrf. Serjeant Thomas and Mr. Gibbons appeared for wrere counsel for the rdeSfeen3deana t.Parsy and lffr Pe dor The tsial of this case wanot concded when the Court roe, and the further hearing was adoned to Tueday
COURT FOR THE CONSIDERATION OF CROWN CASES RESERVEI).-Nov. 14. P.AQT-q- (1decnt-Lor ChiOf JUWtiC COCKBURN, JsUeis ERLB and WILaA?,xS andBarotu MAkRTTNW- l >A n * v Mr. Brent *ppled to the Court to know who was the proper person to tax the oOsts of the proceedinp in this court on the grt of the prosecution. A cawe was tried at .Ivol an points had been reserred for the opinion of this ourt. A pplicationwsafterwards made to the txing offlcers of the crminal court at the Liverpool Asizes, but those officers had declined to do so. It was important that there should be some direction upon the subject, as puties did not now know to whom to apply. The Lon7 CHrg Jusncz said, the Court were of opinion that they had no power to order the payment of costs. The officer of the court before 'whom a prisoner was tried Wm the propE erson to tax the cost, but the Judges thought It would he more convenient that the offlicer of this court should ascertain the oosts and give a oertficote of his opinion, tobeproduced to the offier of this court; and although that would not be obligatory upon the officer below, yet the Judges had no doubt he would adopt it; but they would make a rule, rhich they had the power to do, .hat such a course should be adopted in future. THE QUEi V. zssE The prisoner was a clerk to thetruste of a savings-hank. He was indicted for embezzling a sum of money the property of one Sidrel and others, his mastera. There was no evidenoe to ahow that SidreU wa a tragtee, and this point ,was reserved, whether the indictment oould be sustained. Mr. Macauley appeared for the prisoner. The COuiRT held thst there was no evidenoe to show that Sidrell wasa trustee and the conviction was qushed. THE QUEEN V. ESS=. The facts of this case were these :-The prisoner was clerk .to the Rugby Savings Bank, and it was the practice that when a depositor wanted his money be gave notioe to the clerk, who gave it to the manager and it was the duty of .the manger to pay the depositor, but as it was not always convenient to the deposltor to attead he frequently asked 'the clerk to receve the check for him and pay him wheen he saw him, and this had grown into a kind of practice. It pyeared that r Blay was a depositor; the prlsoner e she had given notice for the withdrawal of her moneyhebhad not done so, however. The prisoner then obtainea a check from the manager, which he apphed to his ownuse. Mrs. Bldy was ignorant of the whole proceedlng. The prisoner was indicted for laceny i stealing the checi, but the point ws reserved, whether this was a larceny or whether the check had not been obtained by false preAeneas. Wr. M.AcAILEY contended that this was a false pretenoc, and not a lareony. Mrs. Blady hWd not given the prisoner authority to do anything. Another point was that the printed rules of the bank produced at the triSi were not the orignal ruler, nor were thesignedb7 twro trustees so as to render them admissible wnthin the Act of Parliament. The names of two trustees vwere printed at the bottom of the rules. Mr. Justice ERLE said the rules were produced as coming 'from the trustes. Mr. MAcAuLzy said the Act required that the original rules should be produced. An immense deal of discussion took place between the members of the Court upon these points, and one question was whether, after the check had been givenbto the prisoner, the money waS the property of the bankeor of the deposltor. uming that in ti case all ht d been right, touldt be an answer to the depositor to say tht the money had been paidfor her to her agent? Thae Court took time for consideration. THlE QEE 'V. DEING AND w1. This was a case sent by the NottinghamshirerQarterSessions, The prisoners were jointly isdicted for stealing 1rpec}s of potatoes and two eacks, and they were also charged with receiving the same. The jury convicted both the prisoners of receinng, but sid that Mry Ann Dring hdreceived the property without the knowledge of the huaend, bat that he afterwards adopted her receipt. The hqueston was whether thie verdict was awrong. ur. DO WELL said he eould not contend that the verdict haginst the wife was wrong. The CHOuRTT 'ihed to know what was meant by Iaopting then redcteipt. Mr. DOWHnL said he believed the expression was that of the chairman. The woman was especting to be conlined at the moment the verdict was given, and the chman in a hurry asked the jry wshether they did not think the husband had adopted the wif es receipt. The Crise Juswas said the dificualty sthaIt w as e ont in dictmxent. The Com R' thoaght the conviction could not be sstagined, .Te fas did not earr nt the convictien of the male pri- tConviction against the hudband quashed, but confirmed as against the wnife. TH QlEEN V. LIGHT. The prisoner ws convicted of an assault against apolicean in the execuation of his duty. It appeared thw t a pyoliceman hearing there as a disturbanceina cottage near went there and found a woman and her children craina der a hedge. He wentto toa tte wiho the wroman, and there the fo-nd the defendant intoxicated; he had been beating. his wrife and as uingff very foul languae. The -policeman left the cottage, but remained close to it; he saw the man take pashovel and heard him swearhe wtonld slit her head open. At length the prisoner came out of his cottage, walked a ohort distance, and then a man named Caook, who had atched all the proceedings, insisted npon the polteman taking the prisoner into custody, ohich he i tThe prisoner ed ked him down and e&caped, b 'Was afterwrds taken and convicted. The question wa s whether the policeman wasin the discharge of his duty as Mr. HURnST submitted that the policeman had no right to take the man unless he was in the act of committing an The Cmxr JUSrIox said the policeman had witnessed an «ssault, and shortly afterwards hadi arrested him. He was fully justified in doing so, Conviction allirmed.
'P1RnaA?T7VU tCTrmm w- - * IN THE GOODS OF 1CRAWMR AC' P'T yVr. &D)AMS moved that the letters of administration which had been issued in this case might be revoked, and probate granted of a will which had been found sinco those lettersef administration were issued. The COURT granted the application. The facts of the case were of no interest or importance, 'but a oomplaint was made by Mr. Crosse, the proctor in the roceedium agait Mr. Charles Dyneley, the senior eputy-registrar of the Court, for having refused to do his duty when application was made to him in the matter. 3fr. Dynelay, on the other hand, preferrod a complaint against hMr. Crosse for impropriety of conduct, wrhen attend. ing before him in order to obtain revocation of the administration. Mr. Dyneley nowr made a statement of the circumstancoes upon vvhich he founded his complaint, and leave was given to MEr. Cronse to prepare and givelIn an answer to th is statement. We defer our report until the case is brought before the Court in a complete form. IN TH GOODS OP Bi. 2SEAE, OTEBRVISE PXBBY, On the motion of Dr. SPrns o, The COURT granted probate of the will. The facts of the cas were not of a nature to call for a report. In this case, also, Mr. Pritchard, the proctor for whom Dr. Spinks appeared, complained of the conduct of Mr. Dyneley, to whom he had applied for probate in the performance of the duties of his office, Mr. Dyneley read a statementfor the purpose of justifyinghis refusal to grant probate of the w111 and charging hr. Pritchard with improper behaviour In the registry offioe, coneluding It with IL prayer that Mr. Pritchard mhigt be condemned personally to pay the costs of the application. The statement of Mr. Dyneley also contained complaints of improper conduct on the part of some of the offioers belonging to the registry, and prayod that they might be admonished by the Court. The learned JUDoE expressed his great regret at the muiltipllcation of complaints of this kind, especially at a time when the existence of the Court was drawing to a close. He could take no step untll the gentleman to whom Mr.'Dyneley had referred had had an opportunity of making a repl. Mr. Dyneley also regretted that these dispates shoula bo brought before the Court. but when charges were made a'inst him he had nO alternative-he was obliged to defend =imSe1. It rwas his wish that the persons agzsgt whom he had made charges should have an opportunity of replying to them, and he prayed that the matter might stand over Sir J. DoisoN said he should be glad if it eould stand over until the Greek KleRdL The matter ws accordingly allowee to stand over. it wAs mentioned in the corse of the discusslon that in the cas6 of ' Crosse v. DIneley," In which Mr. Dyneley had been admonished by thi Court for his conduct to Mr. Crosse an appeal from the learned judge's decision was now pendig before the Privy Council, and would shortly be argued. ___
COUBT OF BANKRUPTCY, Bai ngll-,Wgov. 14. IN T~tl .nTfl ~'. T~ - Air. Dalees was a contractor an d builder of Timee.wharf, Pimlloo. He wai' a few days ago served with a trader debtor's summons, with a view to bankruptqy. Xr. Dales thereupon presntedi a petition for arrangement, and the creditor did not prooeed. Mr. CHIDEY, for another creditor, now aked for sn adjudication of bankruptcy on the orielnel pefftion, and the cm" of " Ezarte Walker," " Mud n," and also that ofen dW. S , of the Heieml Hempeted B*k" having HkS,UONOUP. made an adjudiatlon. ,We. L&WXANCE, for another ereditor, appearod to sup. port tie adjudication. The debts and liabilities of the bankrupt are aid to be of large amount.
INSOLVENT DRBBOP.8 COuRT. Now. 14. IlN RI ROBXRlT 7RnTWAUw I xr Thhi insolvent, who had kept a publiehouse cailed the WeUington, near Orayford, In Kent, petitioned Onder the Protection Act, He was opposed ty two y%g~ men nxmed Trtm and PBeumot, who a brought an action for aIse imprsomnent and slander, he having chargedthem with pastig bad con. The young men were ooetLi in the ctions, and their coswere teed at 704. The insolnovent oeeOr, had ivneon ubpthe pubtlchouse, hich was Mr. ComznJan4oi Pamaps regarded the transfer of the publichouseas a juggle, and therefore refused to name a da ifor the Snal order. toanadawanaefoth aiord er .
MILITARY AND NAVAL INTBLLGBrC. Isconsequence of the news just received from India, the authorities at the Horse Guards have decided that the whole of the officers belonging to regiments in that country who are now at home on leave shall proceed forthwith to join the head-quarters of their respective corps. All the officers not equired to embark in charge of detachments will be permittedto proceed by the overland route. The Briliant, 20, Captain J. A. Paynter, from the West India station, has arrived at Chatham to be dismantled. The George Marshall is appointed to sail thig morning from Gravesend for Calcutta, with reinforcements to the number of about 600 men, including both infantry and cavalry. On the 27th of October the screw steamer Southampton, which left Gravesend on the 16th, arrived at St. Vincent's, with the 7th Dragoon Guards and detachments of infantry on board, cn route to Eurrachee. The troops were in excellent health, and the ship had made a most favourable Paseage. In consequeuce of a number of irregularities which have recently occurred among the non-commissioned officers of the Royal Artillery at Woolwich, the whole of the staff sergeants, sergeants, and corporals off duty, as well as the men acting as officers? servants, were last week paraded in the presence of Major-General Sir W. F. Williams and the garrison staff. They underwent a strice inspection, and were afterwards addressed by the Commandant. A sergeant of the 7th battalion was then called forward and severely reprimanded, and two corporals vere placed under arrest and ordered to be reduced. Oar Malta correspondent, writing on the 10th inst., says:- " I have to report the arrival, on the 6th, from Candia, after a tedious passage of U days under canvass, of Admiral Lord Lyons, in the Royal Albert screw steam line-of-battle ship, with the Princess Royal, Conqueror, and Centurion, similar class vessels. The Desperate, steam-corvette, was sent to Cagliari on the 26th nlt, to assist the Elba in laying the electrio cable between that place and Malta, where these vessels are hourly expcted, the weather having been unusualy favourabls ior the operation. "H Her Majesty's screw steam-storeship the Supply arrived here from Boudroum on the 23d ult, with a quantity of ancient marbles, and is to return shortly for another cargo, the collection of which will occupy several months. '-The steam gunboats Wanderer, Vigilant, and Coquette are em ployed be tween Malta and Cagliariin the conveyance, for telegraphic communication to London, of the Government and 2Ve Times' telegrams of the Indian intelligence, The Coquette left Malta on this mission yesterday." The Scourge, 6, paddlewheel steamsloop, Commodore Adams, arrived at Spithead on SatuTday from the Cape of Good Hope and West Coast of Africa stations. She left the Cape on the 26th of July, and the River Congo, September 25. She reports the slave trade becoming quite brisk on the Coast of Africa. Her Majesty's screw steamsloop Alecto has captured four slavers lately, one with a small quantity of speoie on board for the purchase of cargo. Her Majesty's sloop Sappho had driven one slaver on shore and rescued 350 slaves; about 150 more were reported to be drovwned and missing. The slaver was afterwards burnt as she lay on the beach. On the 22d of October the Great Britain steam-transport sailed from St. Vincent's for India with troops, and two days afterwards was followed by the screw steam-transport Calcutta. The Scourge left Spithead. for Plymouth yesterday to be paid off. Dr. Alexander Armstrong, who was surgeon of Her Majesty's ship Iuvestigator at the discovery ot the North-West Passage, and Surgeon Charles Steel, who has recently been appointed Staff-Surgeon to the Portsmouth division of Royal Marine Light Infantry, have been awarded Sir Gilbert Blane's gold medal, conferred once in three years on the surgeon in the Royal Navy whose medical and scientific journal during a ship's commission shall bo adjudged of the highest merit. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant Charles T. Williamson, to the Vesavius; LIeutenant Spencer de L, Lacy, additional, to the Vesuvius, for disposal; Brownlow A. Capel, midshiman, to the Valorous; J. EB. O'MaLicy, surgeon, t.o the Viper; Thomas RToche, surgeon, to the Sharpshooter; Thomas Aylsng surgeon, to the Aleoto; Henry N. Speer, surgeon, to the L.vra; Thomas B5. Purchas-, surgeon, to the Ardent- J. Ml'Cormick, actinS-assistant-surgeon, to the Alecto; and. James Hunter, assistant-surgeon, to the Lyra. THE MIILITIA. On Thursday Lord Burleigh and the offleers of the Northampton Militia were presented by the town and county of NTorthampton with a valuable piece of plate, as a testimuonial of their services during the late war with Russia. The Worcestershire M1iliti assembled for permanent duty on Thursday, under the command of LieutenantColonel Webb. Out of 1,O80registered onthebooks between 800 and 900 answered muster, and the men ace generally in good trim. The Royal E:lthorne Light Inffantry, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Murray Prior, leave lIxbridge to-day for Portsmouth, and embarks on board the Abioma steamer for Cork.
THE 1YEW ENGCLsH ENvoY T0 ZEE UiNrTED STArZS. -B letters from our London correspondent, received by the ersia, we learn that the British Government has decided to appoint a special Mivister to negotiate a settlement of the remaining differences between England and this co0-try in regard to Central Ameriean affiirs. Theappoinat ment wi take place early next year, and possibly sooner. We have reason to believe thatSirWilliam Gore Ouseley has been sclected for this imaortant service. If so, tie choice indicates a dispositionon tbe part of the British Governrcnt to conduct thisdelicate and peotracted negotiation to a peaceful and mutually satisfactory result. Sir William Orseley commenced his diplomatic mareer as ack to the Brish Embassy atWashig on some 30 years ago, when he maied a daUghter of the ate Governor Vau Ness, of Vermont. He has ever since Manifeeked. a steady and intellipent iute.rest In the affairs of this country, anld has writtea severs! pxarahlets tupon various topiuco enneoted with its current p0itics. He has been engaged In diplomatic service mainly. inBrazil and the iio lt,weehsato rss littIA) in accordance withxthe views of Lord Palmezstois its to render it a little singular that he should now be ap. -pointod to ofrace by a Ministry of whichx that statesman Is Premsier. Sir WiUllia is well known to President Buchanan, at.'d will enter upon this negotiation under circumstances of poclo promise. It is understood th t, if successful in th2 negotiation here, he Wi proceed at once to CenatralAmerica. We trust the rumnour of hiw appointment may PrOVo Qorxeg '-.lV r Y9rk-Timo 0t, 29, I
THE ISTRMUS OP SUBZ. ALEXANDRIA, Nov. 6. The European and Australian Mail Company's steamer Australasia reached Alexandria on the 2;th ult.; but, owing to the delay in the arrival of the Eimen from MIelbourne, the salla detachment of troops temained on board the boat. until yesterday afternoon, when they were landed and sent forward by rail. This is the first batch of mea that has gone through in uniform. Mr. Wetton preceded them on the way, and every arrangement was maade to insure their safe arrival at Suez with comfort and despatch. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Pottinger arrived from Bombay on tho 2d inst. Consider. able anxiety was produced by a report to the effect that on her way up the Red Sea a large screw steamer had been seen on shore. As the Emeu wa, stAted to have left Aden before the Pottinger, there was every reason to fear that a serious accident had befallen the Australian steamer. The anxiety that was felt on her account was, however, happily relieved by the tidings of her arrival at Suez on the evening of the 3d inst., with 55 passengers, and speie to the value of 524,706LDmring the night of the 2d of October she had struck on a coral reef, close to the spot on the Nuxbian coast noted on the maps under the name of Duberdubb, about 80 mlles north of Luakin, and almost directly opposite to Djedda. In this perilous position she lay for 54 hours, but at length she was got off and was run upon the beach, which fortunately consisted of soft sand. Nine days now elapsed before she was agaia floated off This was, however, at length effected, a portion of her coal being sacrificed and the fore part of the ship lightened by every possible means. The leaks were well stuiled, and with her prumps constantly at work she reached Suez in safety after a passage of three days. The Marseilles portion of her mall has, however, not come forward. The Admiralty agent, regarding it as hopeless that the steamer could proceed on har voyage, had transferred the boxes to a native boat, in which with the purser and two of the passengers he made for Djedda. In steaming up to Suez the Emeu fell in with the Hindostan, from Calcutta, and, having communicated with her, the latter turned back in search of the mail agent. On arrival at Djedda she found that he had left for Suez on the previous day. She followed 70 miles in his course, but, fnding that it lay among shoals and reefs, she was compelled to abandon the attempt and to continue on her way to Suez, where she arrived yeaterday morning. The Emeubas suffered so =-rerely that it is very doubtful whether she can return to Australia without being docked and undergoing thorough repairs, for which purpose it will probably be found that she must be sent to Bombay. Tha passengers speak very highly of the cool judgment and skill displayed by Captain Small in the critical position in which the ship lay, as well as in extricating her and bringing her to her deatination. The troops per Australasla will proceed to India by the Hindostan, which sails to-morrow evening. The Pottinger was to leave for Bombay this afternoon. The stemer Dauchman, with the second batch of Royal Engineers for India, arrived here on the 31st ult., and the men went forward on the following day, temporary accommodation baving been prepared for them at Suez on board tho Peninsular and Oriental Company's storeship Zenobia. Telegraphic communication between Alexandria and Suez has been nearly interrupted during the last few days. The serious inconvenience which this irregularity has caused during the present heavy transit can readily be conceived. It is attributed to the severe and almost con. tinuous rain which we have had during the last three days ; but the length of time that Is often consumed in the transmission of messages has on former occasions already given just reason for complaint, and, whether or not the more Immediate cause lies, as has been alleged, in the weakness of the batteries, it is hoped that a remedy will at once be sought and applied to meet the eviL The Vioeroy left Alexandria some days ago, and Is at present in the Delta. The sum collectd at Alexandria for the Indian Relief Futnd amounts £) about 400f., which receives the addition of nearly 2001. subsoribed by the British residents in Cairo. The corn-market has been rather more plentifully sup- plied from the interior during the past fortnight, but trau-sactions in general, and more especially those of a speculative natur, have been much restricted by the intelligence of the critical state of monetary affairs in Europe. Prices of all descriptions of produce have declined, and the closing rates for SaIde wheat are quoted at from about 30s. 6d. to 33s. per quarte-r free on board. Beans are somewhat firmer, at from 28s. to 2°s. 6d. There have been some ariivals of the now crop of cotton, but the demand for this staple has also greatly sabsided, and prices are looking down. The freight-market is quiet. In exchange comparatively little is doing, but the tendency is to lower rates, owing to thegrowing scarcity of money. First-classpaper on London, at thaee months, is quoted at from 102 to 10214 Diasters per pound.
THE PENDTSt iAR A&ms.-The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Alhambra, Captain J. K. Joy, arrived at Southampton on Saturday, with mails of the following dates, in charge of Lieutenant Chariton, IRN., Admiralty agent :-Gibraltar, Nov. 5; Cadiz, Nov. 6; Lisbon, Nov. 9; Oporto and Vigo, Nov. 10. She had 32 passengers, among whom was his Excellency X. d'Ozeroffh Russian Ambassador for the Court of Lisbon; and on freight 6601. in specie and a large cargo of oranges, lemons, raisins, chestnuts, dried fruit, eggs, wine, cigars, orchella &c. The AIhambra, during the hormeward voyage, ha light northerly winds and fine weather. She hove to off the Needles all Friday night on account of the thick haz3. The British eteamer Euphrates, Captain Joy, arrived a; Gibraltar on rhe morning of the 5th from Liverpool. Her Majesty's ship Curlew was at Gibraltar. At Cadiz were a Dtutch frigate and a Danish brig of war. Her Majesty's ship Scourge arrived at Llsbon on the 7th from the West Coastof Africa, and left on the 9th for lortsmouth. At noon on the 9th, off Cape Roes, the Aihambra spoke the steamer Corinthian, of Liverpool, steeringsouth, and attbe same time the steamer Scamander, steering north by east. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Tagus, with the outward mails from Southampton, was at Vigo. Lisbon advices are anticipated by the Toviot. GREAT FInE IN THE CITY.-The most extensive fire that has taken place within the city of London for some time past happened on Saturday morning, at 4 o'clock, on the premises belonging to Messrs. Smith and Sons, wholesale confectioners, carrying on business in Bell-street, Cripplegate. The building in which tbe fire commenced was nearly 300 feet long, four stories high, and contained property of great value, indepandently of steam engines and apparatus for cutting, moulding, stamping, and bolmig articles of confectionery. The discovery was made by a police-officet of the city force, who at once gave an alarm, and sent off for the fire escapes and engines, In the course of a few mintutes the Royal Society's escapes attended, as well as numerous engines of the London brigade and that of the Yest of England office. Before, however, sufficient time had elapsed for an engine to be set to work, tho fire, seizing upon the great amount of sugared articles in the place, rushed through the upper windows and loopholes in the building. After several hours hard work the firemen at length got the conflagration subdued, but not until an enormous amount of property was destroyed, including the dremsing-rooms and theircontents, thestove-roomns,the juicorooms, and the jujube warehouses. The rest of the premises and contents are also seriously damaged by fire and water. The firm was insured in the Lancaster, the Northern, the Mnchester, and Globe fire-offlices. Five of the Salters' almshouses and some of the houses in Mnkwell.street are also much damaged. The origin of the fire is unknown RSOBBERY ANfD AnESIE'PTED M nER ON WESTMIONSTER-: UDnG.-Yesterday (Sunday) morning no little sensation was created in the neighbourhood of Lambeth aud Westminster in consequence of a report that a foreign gentleman had been waylaid on Westminster-bridge, twice stabbed in the lower part of his stomach, and afterwards robbed of between 187. and 191., and that he was lying in the Westminster Hospital without hopes of recovery. lUpon the renorter making in''el it Was ascertained that between t'he hours of 4 and 5ro'clook yesterday morning. Police-sergeant Budd, of the L divhionw on duty in the Belvidere.road, Lambeth, noticed a Frenchman staggering along the road with his hands pressed upon his stomach, and apparentlyin the aot of falling. The officer thinei g that he was inebriated ran to his assistance, when the man pointed to his stomach, and the sergeant saw that his clothes were punctured in two placos, andthat blood was copi,Cny flowing from each hole. Be at once took the wounded man to a surgeou's and afterwards to the Westininster Eiospital, when it was found that he had two stabs over dimlf an inch in depth on the lower part of his stomach, and upon inquiries being made as to how they were inflicted be stated thtat as he was pasing along Trafalgar- square he was accosted by a man to whom he paig no attention, but that the samle person continued to follow him until he gotto the foot of the bridge, when the fellow gave him two niolent blows on the etonmach whioh took hi brahaway and thein robbed bime of between 181. and 191. At first he was not aware that he had been. stabbed. buni uon walidng-away felt exhausted, and -then noticed the bodfowing froan the punctured wounads. -E,aerything ha been done for the man, and the hemorrhage has been stopped by the medical officers of the hospital, and there s~eems every chance of his recovery. Mr. -Superintendent Walker and Sergeant Saunders of the deteedve forcet have been nactively -engaged in inquLiring into the case, and from the fact -of a knife being found in -tbe man's pocket, the point fitting the holes in the dres, and kis prevaricating in his dAemenets as to tho manner in wMh he was stabbed, these officers are of oPinion that he stabbed himself with the knife found in his possessionh THE SovLEirGxr,S o9 EunoP.-The A lmdaacA de Gotha, of 1858, whioh has ju appeared, contans the names of 47 emperors, kings, princes, gnd dukes, and dukes reigningiin Europe, as wei as the E-mperor of the Brazils. The oldest of the sovereigns is the Grand Drke of llecklen- baig Strelitz, who was born on the 12th of August. 1779 i and next to him the King of Wartemberg, bora on the 27th of September, 1784. The prince who has had the longest reign is the Pinuce of Schanmbourg.Llppe, the date of his aceselon. when quite a child, being ths 15th of Febraary, 1788. The youngest princes are the King of Portugal, born the 1th of Septembesr, 1837, and the Dake of Parma (repretentod by has movlher ps regeet), on theg 0h of Jaly, 1840, Ck
THE WEST INDIA AND PACIFIC MAILS. The Royal Mail Company's steamship Atrato, Captain F. Woolley, with the mails from the West Indies and South Pacific, in charge of Lieutenant Poole, &N., arrived at Southampton on Saturday morning. She experienced fine weather to the lWestern Islands, and subsequently strong south-easterly winds and a heavy sea; and arrived off the Needles at 8 p.m. on the 13th, but the weather was too thiek to go Inside, and she remained there till morning. This steamer brings 68 passengers, alnong wvhom are the Rev. Dr. Hynes (Catholic Bishop), Rev. T. Ha3 den, Rev. T. Fitzgerald, Captain P. Seott Thompson, Brnsign Smyth (3d West India Regiment), from Denmerara, &-c. On freigbt she has- Specie and golddust reeeived across the Isthmus from the Pacific ports ... ... $14105 Ditto from Californui ... ... ... ... 564. 70 Ditto from Carthagena ... ... ... ... 45,590 Ditto from Jamaica ... ... ... ... 635 Ditto from other parts of the West Indies... 18,855 Total value in dollars (of which 128,791 is in silver, and 649,175 in gold) ...7... . St 77,968 or, say, 155,5931. sterling; jewelry, valtte 100.; and a cargo comprising 758 serons of cochlneal, 77 serons of indigo, 109 serons of bark, 12 cases of cigars, 232 bales of tobacco, 13 puncheons of lime juice, 89 bales of sarsaparilla, 6 casks of ginger, 8 packages of horsehair, 16 bags of cocoa, 5 cases of tortoiseshell, 6 packages of nutmegs, and 59 packages of Nauaa (B&hamas) Oct. 15 Belize (Honduras) - 17 Puerto Cabella - 24 Santa A a ... - 23 Groytown (Mosquito) - 17 Carthagena... - 27 Colon ... - 26 Kingston (Jamaica) - 27 Jacmel (Hayti) ... - 28 Ban Juan (Porto Rico) ... o- Berbice ... - 25 Georgetown (Deme- rara) ... ... - 25 Tobago. - 24 Port of Spain (Tn- nidad) ... ... 25 Bridgetown (Bar. badoes) ... ... Grenada ... ... Carriacoa ... ... St. Vincent' ,., St. Lucia ... Ia Guayra ... Martinique ... ... Guadaloupe ... Dominique ... bEg t. ... .... MIonteerra' .... .. Nevis ... .. St. Kitt's ... .. Tortola ... ... St. Thomas (sailed at 5u.m.I Oct. 27 - 26 - 26 - 26 - 23 - 21 - 23 - :Mi - 23 - 29 - 29 - 29 - 29 - A0 _ MY Mails of the subjoined dates from the West Coast of South America, received at Panama by the steamship Valparaiso, are also brought by the Atrato :-Valparaiso, Sept. 30; Arica, Oct. 6; Islay, 7; Callao, 11; Payta, 16; and from Panama to the 24th. Advices from Jamaica are to the 27th of October, bat they contain no news of interest Exchanges on London were quoted as under :-90 days, par; 60 days, i per oent. premium; 30 days, 1 percent. premium; mercbants bills, 90 days, .2 to 1 per cent. pre. nuim. The British bark White Cloud, Tanner, from Liverpool, bound for Havannah, with a general cargo, out 67 days, put into Port Royal on the 19th for a supply of water; and on the same day the British bark John King. Allan, from Black River, bound for Glasgow, put in for a crew. The aocounts from Barbadoes are faUll of exultation at the favourable change which had taken plaoe in the weather since the Last mail, refreshing showers having fallen in abundance, with great advantage to the growing crops. The whole of the present year's crop being now shipped, the total exports of sugar to date amount to 36,582 hhds 2,097 tres. 7,256 arrels; lastyear's exports were 40,431 hhds. 2,785 tros. 10,183 barrels, being something like 4,000 hhds. mnore than this season. The Legislature was still In recess. Vessels laden with supplies of all kinds were rapidly arriving Trade generally was very brisk, and the health of the island continues good. A subscription iist had been opened on behalf of the sufferers by the Indian mutinies, headed by his Exceilency the Governor, the Lord Bishop, the Chief. Justice, the Attorney-General, and others. At Grenada the public finances were shown by the trea. surer's statement for the last quarter to be in a satisfactory condition. Very little rain had falen, and the growth of the canes was seriously checked in consequence. Very,little shipping In port. Trade showed an average animation, and commodities of all descriptions were in good supply. There had been heavy rains generally ovet the island of Antigna. The Regiter esthnates that the sugar crop will not faU short of 14,000 hhds., which was far beyond anything that could reasonably have been expected some months ago. The St. Kitt's Legislature was in session ; the Executive Committee Bill had passed two readings in the council, and been committed. The Court of Policy at Demerara had passed an ordinance to amend the law relating to immigration. A vacancy had been createainthisbodybytheresignaticeof the Hon.Dancan Macdonald. No further inteUigence had been received from Sir WiUlan Holmes, Dr. Btair, and the other gentlemen who had gone on an exploring tour in the interior of the colony, along the western frontier, with the view of pene. trating to the gold diggings on the Yruran. Trade at Demerara was dulL The weather during the fortnight had been generally dry, with a few partial showers. The estates were busily engaged in cutting and grinding the canes, and produce was coming in rapidly for shipmuent. The Dominican gives the following statement of the total crop of the island of Dominica, which had been shipped:3,352 hhds., 750 tierces, 2,269 barrels of sugar; 640 pns., 70 hhds., four quarter-casks of rum; 972 pns. of molasses; 30,0771b. of coffee; 61,5221bs. of cocoa; thus showing an lncrease on the sugar crop of 1856 of 618 hhds., being 40 hhds. in excess of the average crop of the island for the last 10 years. From the other islands there is no news of interest. The Imaum was at Port Royal. The mail steamer Trent, on her passage from Jamaica to St. Thomas spoke Her Majesty's ship BasilisHk going to Port Royal from St. Domingo, at which place she left the Tartari fighting was going on there on the 27th and 28tL ult. The Devastation sailed on the 17th from Bermuda for Halifax. The Terror was at Bermuda on the 18th. The Brunswick and the United States' steamship Saratoga -were at Colon. The Royal mall steamer Clyde was in St. Thomas, for the Windward route; Conway at St. Thomas, for Jamaica; Dee on the Spanish Main route;* Derwent at Barbadoes; Eagle at Jamaica; Solent on the Gulf of Mexico route ; Theames at St. Thomas, for the Spanish MLain ; Trent at St. Thomas, The Orinoco, with the mails from Southampton of the 17th, had not arrived out when the Atrato left St Thomas,
THE PACIFIC. By the arrival at Southampton of the mail steamer Atrato wo have received files of Panama papers to the 24th of Oe. tober. The steamship Valparaiso, with the semi-monthly Pacific mail, arrived in Panama bay on the morning of the 23d. From the Republie of Chili we have news to September the 30tLh. A new Cabinet had at length beea formed, the President having yielded to publie opinion. The new Cabinet consisted of Don Jeronimo Urmeneta, Minister of the Interior; Don Salvador Sanfnentes, Justice; Don Francisco de Boria Solar, Finance; General Don Manuel Garcia, War. This combination was considered a moderately liberal one, and had given general satisfaction to the public. The political excitement that formerly existed had all sab. sided, and everything promised to go along quietly. An amnesty decree was issued on the 18th, the anniversary of Chilian independence. Dates fromBoliviaaretothe2Sth. The revolutionarymovements in this Republic had assumed a more general charac. ter, and Dr. Linarea had assumed the title of Provisional President, and taken the field against the Constitutional President, General Cordova. The cities of La Paz, Oruro, Cocabamba, and Chuquisaca had pronounced against the Government. General Cordova was marching against the first named city with 1,500 veterans. La Paz had a garron of only 1,500 recruits. Linares was in Cocabamba, and he had issued a decree declaring all Bolivians traitors who did not join him. Cordova had issued a counter decree, condemning all persons to death who joined Linares, so that between them both the poor citizens were in rather a difficult position. In La Paz the residence of the American Minister bad been broken into, and the deposed authorities, who had sought refuge under the United States' flag of AIr. Dana, were taken therefrom. In Cobija the Prefect nominaied by Linares bad not been received. Cordova, it was said, was badly off for troops, having no cavalry or artiUery, and it was probable that he would be obliged to yield to a movement which appeared to be general, and leave the republic. Dates from CaUao are to the 11th of October. The revolationary parties in the south continued in the same state as during the la3t four months. One of the accomplices of ithe assassination of r. Sullivan, named Jos6 Felez D;Az or Virola, had given information against the marderer, w vJho was said to be a Frenchmnan named Serri. The authoriies had not yet arrested Seri, nor was the cause hich led to the cemlDission of the murder made public.
THE RELEEF DF LuCiNow.-Colonel Inglis, who ever sinco the death of MaIjor Banks has commanded at Lucknow, served with thee 32d in Canada during the rebel lion in 1837, and was Present in the actions of St. Denis and St. Eustache. He served also in the Punjab oamupaign of 1848-9, and wss present at the first and second siege operations before Mooltan, including the attack on the ent-my's position in front of the advaoced trenches on the 12th of September, where, after the &eath of Lieutenant. Colonel Pattoun, he succeeded to the coeand of the right olumrn ot attack. He commanded tbe.3d at the action of Soorjko 9nd, and was also present at theArm and capture of the eiry and surrender of the fortresg iJ ' ooltn, the surrender i)f the fort and garrison of Chemolte, and the battle of GQojerat, for which services he receive.i tha brevet rank of Lieunienant-ColoneL His commissions a e dated,Ensign, Augus.f 1833; Lieutenant, Januay, 1839 ; Captain, September, 1843 MLajor, February, 1848; Brevet. Le4a tenantColoneL June, 1g9; Lieutenant-Colonel, February, 1855; Colonel, JIne, 185j,
THE SUSPENSION OP THE BANK A CE -0 (Fzom the Economist of Saturday.) No one who examines the Bank returns made up to Wednesday night, and who hu any knowledge of what was taking place on Thursday morning, can have any doubt that the letter from the FirstLord of the Treasury and the Chancellor of the Exchequer to the Bank of England, suspending the operation of the Act of 1844, was issued just in time to save a great national calamity, and the irretrievable destruction of many privato fortunes. Let us in the first place exsmine what changes had taken place in the condition of the Bank during the week which ended on Wednesday night, and in the next place let us compare the relative position of the Bank now and that in which it stood in 1847, when circumstances were adjudged by the Government of the day to be sufficiently grave, even without any precedent, to suspend the Act, and which oourse may be considered subsequently to have received the tacit ratification of Parliament. In the first place, then, the following figures, which ar,e taken from the returns made up to Wednesday night, the 4th inst., and those published to-day, made up to the evening Vf the 1Uth, speak for themselves in terms the import of which cannot be misunderstcod:- Nov. 4,1857. NoV. 1!, 1357. £ :6 Total Bdliton- 849E,oo 7,171,000 Reerve of notes in th.e iazklg De- partme.t .. . .. .. .. .. 2,155,0G0 957,710 DItVo of ooin .509720 60.443 Public depoitsg.. 4,8n,914 5,314,659 Otherdepsts.. 11,910,670 12,935,314 Goverement wlle0 .. .. .. ,120,104 9.444,2 Otber ecuurit.es. 2,628,251 26,113.45 Cfirenatlon of notes .2100,000 21,o3000 These returns show a reduction in the bullion of 1,327,000l. in the reserve of notes of 1,197,2901., and in the reserve of notes and coin together of no less than 1,243,5674, and this notwithstanding the sale during the week of Government securities to the amount of 675,276l. Bat the most remarkable feature is the enormous increase of private securities, which amounts to no lees than 3,485,2021., showing that that sum, in addition to all the receipts from bills and loans falling due, had been advanced to the public within the week. Making a fair calculation, it seems certain that the advances from the Bank to the public in loans and discounts during the week must have exceeded 5,000,000& From these figuves it is apparent that on Wednesday night the entire reserve of the Bank of England, including the 12 branches in London and in different parts of the country, amounted to 957,710Z. of notes and 504,4431. of coin,while the deposits amounted to no less than 18,250,000& This was the position in which the Bank began business on Thursday morning. The step vwhichhad been wisely taken by the Bank had been effectual for some days in stopping the foreign drain. But interna discredit and the consequent hoarding of money on the one hand, and the vwith. drawal of gold from the Bank of England for Scotland and Ireland, as also of notes for the purpose of strengtboning the reserves of country bankers in England, on the other hand, continued without abatement. In the early part of the morning stock was sold to the extent of nearly 500,0001. on account of Scotch, Irish, and country bankers, with a view of obtainig gold and notes, and the demand upon the Bank for discount by persons of undoubted credit and upon undoubted scourities was even greater than it had been the day before. It is said, and we have reasontobelieve with truth, that a single firm applied for and obtained early in the day discounts to the amount of 750,0004.; and we believe it is a matter of fact that in no instance did the Bank refuse to discount any bil which it would have taken in the easiest times. But as a consequence of these united transactions upon the unprecedented small reserve with which the business of the day was commenced, It must be certain that the notes and coin were reduced early in the day to a point at which it could neither be safe nor prudent to allow the huge transctions of the Bank to rest. We have no means of knowing tbe lowest point to which the reserve was reduced, but it It more than probable that it did not exceed one-half even of the small amount at which it stood in the morning. Under such cireamstances it would have been the gravest error on the part o. the Government to have hesitated for another hour to suspend the Act, and thus to save the Bank and the country from the inextricable confusion to which allwould have been exposed, if, as appeared almost certain, a forced in place of a voluntary suspension had occurred. Throughout this trying crisis the Directors of the Bank of England have conducted their affairs with the greatest dis. cretion, courage, and consideration for the public. Acting firmly upon the soundest principles, they did not shrink from raising the rate of interest to a point sufriciently high to check, and finally entirely to counteract the foreign drain. By this polioy the country has been protected against the severe struggle which was going on between different countries for the precious motals And It wvas by this wise and far-sighted policy only that the dlrectors were enabled to continue to aid with so liberal a hand the requirements at home. It is said, and we have reason to believe with truth, that in four days of the present week, from Monday morning to Thursday night, the advances made by the Bank to the public exceeded 5,000,0001., which would have been quite umpossible if, by keeping the rate of interest lower, the foreign drain had continued. We may rest assured that it was only the advanoe to 10 per cent. that enabled the Bank directors to aflord such ready and complete aid to meet the internal discredit and panic which have existed for tmany da a past, and which still are not entirely subdued. snt let us now compare the statein whieh the Bank stood on Wednesday night with that in which it stood in October, 1847, when by common consent it was deemed necessary to suspend the Act. And It is well here to observe that so entirely was the necessity of that step acqulsced in that no one that we are aware of, from Sir Robert Peel himself through the entire rank of the sternest supporters of the Act, ever ventured publicly to eballenge the course taken by Lord John Russell and Sir Charles Wood at that perilous moment. The comparison of the two periods is as follows:- BAxS1R Rnrvn;s Fon 1817 AD 1857. Oct. 23, 1817, Noy. 11, 1857. £e £ ullon. . . 8,313,000 7.171,OD0 Reerve of note, In banking deDartment 1,547,000 957,no Reseve Of colia.. .a . . 4. .. .. 447,000 5X.443 Deposit,, private .. .. .. .. ,580,c0 12,935,000 Private securities .. .. .. .. 19,467,0 2,11, At the close of business on Wednesday night last the amount advanced by the Bank to the public was ,U5,0001., es compared with 1I,467,000Z at the height of the panic in 1847. These additional advanoes were rendered posdble in a great degree by the enormous amount of private deposits placed in the Bank, which on Wednesday lest amounted to 12,93.5,0001 agsinst 8,580,0004 in 1847, being an increase of liabilitiesaunder this head of no less than 4,355,0004 But against this increase of liabilities bow did the reserve of the Bank stand ? The bullion on Wednesday night was less by 1,142,0001, ; the reserve of notes was only 957,0001 against 1,547,000M In 1847; and the entire reserve of notes and coin together was less by 532.0004 Whatever reasons, therefore, there were in 1847 for the policy then adopted, the reasons for taking a similar course on Thorsday were much stronger,-and it will be impossible for any one who acquiesced in that course at the former period consistently to object to it now. hut, indeed, the crisis had become so serious, and a dead lock was so imminent, thatno portion of r,he press has denied that something had become necessary to restore confidence; hut only two alternatives have been suggested as being preferable to the suspension of the Act. An able contemporary says :-" If the discount houses and Any of the joint-stock banks apprehended a withdrawal of their deposits to an extent to cause public inconvenience, it was their business to make common cause to guarantee each other's safety, and, if any nominal or contingent suspension were necessary, to bear the discredit of it themselves, and not to inflict it on the Bank of England and the country. They could have announced to the public that, a run being threatened, they had combined to mitigate Its consequence; that, not being able to foresee its possible extent, they had agreed to sUspend for the moment any return of deposits, and that to meet the difficulty they would issue their promissory notes at three months bearing nine per cent. interest, and secured by their common liability, A meeting of all the prindpal bankersand merchants,includingtheGovemorsaud Directors of the Bank of England, might have expressed approval of the wisdom of their course, and before a few weeks had passed these notes would have been at a premium." And again :-" There was, however, an alternative which, although equaUy unjust in being an act of Government relief for which there was no true claim,.would still have prevented a sacrifice of principle. An issue of 11.-notes could have been adopted without anv infringement of the doctrines on which the Bank Charter Act is grounded. The fact that the permission for the circulation of such notes terminated in 1829 is not material, as the law could have been set aside on one pointlas easily as on another. This plan, however, seems not even to have been considered." The first of these alternatives is simply a proposal for certain banks, though nerfectly solvent, to suspend payment, and to offer depositors their promissory notes at three months for their money. This would have been to imitate in the worst form the course of some of the Amuerican banks, which has been so justly and so ably commented upon by our contemporary. Again, it does not follow, though banks might so far have disregarded their obligations to pay ' at call" a to make such a proposal, that depositors would have been found willing to have accepted bills at three months, which they did not require, in place of cash, of which they stood in need. But, be that as it may, we aro confident that few will be found who would not prefer an inroad upon a mere arbitrary limit to the issues of the Bank of England, maintaining specie payments as rigidly as ever, to a auspen. sion of payment on the part of banks having ability enough to pay their debts. With regard to other remedy suggested, the issue of 1I. and 21. notes, which we have reason to believe was well considered, we are entirely agreed that it would, if it had boen practicable, have been a more perfect remedy than a further license to issue notes of IH. and upwards, inasmuch as notes of a lower denomination would have answered all the purposes of gold coins both in England and Scotland, amid thus have led to the return of large quantities of bullion to the Bank of England much sooner than it wFill otherwise take place. In the first place, however, that course would have equally been a suspenson of the Act of 1844 ; for that Act prescribes a limit to the paper circulation of the Bank, and xt would have wtade U°o diff093n4 Xii what denotin"tio~ of note an exces of that limit took plcoe. But, in the next' place, the isusof 1L and21 notes was simplyan lmpolbty; No pes were ready, and no preparation had been de and before the mere physical diiculties could have been removed the remedy rmight have been too late. In principle, however, an isue of such notes would have bee exactly ther same as the meamure which has been adopted. Uoon the sspension of the Act in 87 there were no, dout many grounds for criticism of the conduct of the Bank directors which cannot be alleged upon thi occason.. It was justly said then that the directors, disegarding thesn of the times, had not nfailedtoincreRsethe-rate o. interest soon enough or sulffic ently, but that at oneze, in the face of a severe drain, they actnaUy -educed the' terms for advances. In 1847, when the bullion was reuoted in April to 96867,WM, the ate of discout wason then raised to ter cent., at which it stood till the 7th oC August, wheni It. Ia lraisd to 5A per cent., at which it: stood until the bullion was redocedp to 89,430,000L in tin week when the Act was suspended; and then for fonr weeks it was raised to 8 per cent. Contrast with this coue. of prooooding the conduct of the directors in the presesn. year. With the exceptlon of afew weeks the rate of Atl. count has raDged from 6 to 10 per oent., without anr suggestion from the Government. On the 10th of October, wth the bullion at 10,110,0004, the rate or discount was 6 per oent. :-when it fell to 9,524,0001. the rate was raised to 7 per cent., sub aquently to. 8 per cent., then to 9 per cent., and, finalyi, to 1.0 per cent. Indeed, we are not aware of any point upom w;hich, even In locking back upon the past, and with the knaowledge which e:xperience has given, an unfavorahle criticosm could be passed upon the policy of the Banc directors. They have combined In an admirable manner' firmnees and sound principle with the utmost liberalty andS courage. Finally, we must protest against this sep on the part of. the Government, justified as it is by the circumstanoes ot the moment, being regarded in the slightest degree as a, concession to the views either of those who believe in the efficacy of pa per circulation to supply indefinitely tbs- ico of capital, or of those who think it the duty of the- vernment to secure to the country what is called " ches money." Those who contend for an indefinite issue oe paper money and those who believe in the possibility ot Its extension at the will or by the uncontrolled power oC the tsuers, even while the principle of convertibility iL maintained, we woudd esrnestly entreat to examine theaccounts which we publish this day. By those acoountrthey will find that the notes in circulation oa the 4th Inst. were 21,080,000L, and that, notwithstanding between thas . day and the 11th the Bank had Increased Its advanoes by noleS than 3,485,2021., the notes in the hands of thes public after all the extraordiniry transactions oE! the week were still only 21,036,000l., and we willventure to predict that the ste now taken, by whicIr the issue o notes is uncontrolled, except by the obli. gation of convertibility will not add in any sensible degree to the amount In circulation before the Govern. ment letter was Isued. As to the advocates of wrhat is called "cheap money,Jit is enough to remind themx that the conoession is accompied by a condition that the rate of discount shall be continued at 10 per cent. - that is, the rate which has been found sufficient t4> subdue the foreign drain, and thus indirectly render money more abundant for home purposes. In short, the whole effect of the suspension of the Act is to remove an arbitrarr limit placed upon the Bank by the Act of 1844, withont i the slightest degree releasing it from the obligation of casL. sayments, whether for its notes or its deposits, but placing it in pint of fact in the same podtion as it stood under the' Act of 1819, and in which the Bank of France stands, with. so much sense of the obligation of maintaining a sufficientamount of specie in order to secure cash payments under' any posdble ciroumstances, that it is always prepared tomake great sacrifices in order to preserve a suficient amountof bullion. The same obligations will now rest upon the Bank of England, even under the suspension of the Act of 1844.
THE1 ScoTcE BA1uSm-The events which have occurred in Scotland during the last week andtheinfluence which they have produced upon the banking establishments of that country deserve special notice. It has for some, weeks been known that the Western Bank of Scotland-an, establishment with a paid-upcapitalof 1,OO,5000.,havingno,les than 98 branches, a circulation of notes to the amount of 454,9534 by the last returns, holdingdeposdts to an extent be. - heved to exoeed 6,000,000L, and having a proprietary the known private property of a few of whom exceeds the whole obligations of t e bank-was in serious difficulties in oonsequence of the lock-up of a large amount of Its available, means with the houses which have recently failed. After an, unsuccessful appeal to the Bxnk of England for assistance, the directors of which thought the more legitimate source for applcation was the other Scotch banks, the Western Bank succeeded in obtaining advances made finally without y condition to the extent of SOO,OOOI, but further nce beigreuired, and it appearing doubtful wbero the linit wo be found, the other banks finaUy on Saturday last declined to afford further assistance, and in consequence tha WVestern Bank suspended on Monday. The stoppage of a bank of the mawitude and known wealth, whieh we have described raturally produced a severe ruam upon all the other banks, under which the City of Glasgow Bankl with 83 branches and a circulation oE 352,1284, succnbed - the pald-up capital of the latter bhnk we believe to bo 1,000,0001., and the deposits arem sid to be about 3,000,0001. It is needless to add thatthe proprietary of both these banks Is such that no doubt whatever is entertained of the payment in full of aBl their obligations within a very reasonable time. Inden these circumstances it is extremely to be regretted that the other banks, after the very liberal assistance they had afforded to the Western Bank, had not at once consentedto receive their notee, and have thus prevented the rapid. spread of the panic which ended in a common run upon all: the banks and in an abstraction of bullion from the Bank of England to meet it to an amount of at least L,500,OO0 We understand that, finally, all the remaining bAnks have consented to take the notes of the two suspended banks at theirfull value, and the panio in consequence has considerably subsided. In the meantime, however, two very important. Oircumstances have occurred, both demanding the most serious attention of the Government. In the first place, it. is understood that the six great banks have submitted a. statement of the peculiar position in which Scotch. banking has been placed by these events, And suggesting as a remedy the suspension of the Bank Act. of 1844, and the making of Bank of England notes a legal tender in Scotland, sith a view, no doubt,. to their use as a reserve against the exoess of their isses under the Act of 1845. Ithe next place, these events have led at once to a great vacauum in the paper circulation of Scotland. For an accident of this kind the Act of 1845has made no provision. According to the Act of 1844, in the) event of any hapsed issue of notes, by failure or otherwise, the Bank of England is authorized to make good the deficiency by an additionalissue upon Government securities. So. again, in the lrish Act, the Bank of Ireland is empowered to make good any lapsed issues in Ireland; but with regard to Scotland thereis no such provision at all i it is evidently a ca-eus omissu, The amount of the circulation of the Westemn Bank, by the last returns, was 454,98x, and of the City of Glasgow Bank 352,128U, together 807,1UI., which, under the existing provisions of the law, could only be replaced by the other banks by a permanent addition to their stock o£ gold and silver to that amount and by its abstraction from. the already reduced reserve of the Bank of England_ There are only two modes by which it appears to us that these circumstances con be wet in accordance with sound principle. To make Bank of England notes a legal tender in Scotland would require an Act of Parliament, anditis obvious that if they were made a legal tender, so long as their denomination is confined to notes of 5 and upwards, they would not be applicable to A Scotch circulation. There can,. however, be no objection in principle, and it would certainly be much more convenient in practice that Bank of England. notes should be substituted for gold and silver as representing the exceso over the authorized issue of the Scotch banks, so, long as it is clearly understood that such substitution would. in no way release the banks from the legal obligations under which they always rest of paying their liabilities in gold If demanded. With regard to the lapsed circulation of the, two banks referred to, the mode by which it should be tilled up, following the anslogy of the provision in the English and Irish acts, is obvious. B those Acts the banks of ogland and IrelAnd respectively are authorized to make good the deficiency by issues Upon Government securities. In Scotland there is no national bank, but there, could be no difficltty in apportioning the lapsed circulation, if it were deemed rlght., to the authorized banks of issue, in proportion to their existing issues, upon the deposit of Government securities for the amount, in thesame way as the Ban,k of England and the Bank of Ireland appropriate Government securities for their additional issues under similar circumstances; and, we may add, in the same way as the banks in Scotland deposit Government. seecurites as a guarantee for the reoeipt and transmiseion. of the public revenue. By some such arrangements as these there can be little doubt that the seriousderangement which has taken place in Scotland would rapidly subside, and that the bullion which has been taken from the Bank of England would rapidly return. Whatever may be said abont the imprudence of the two banks which have suspended, it must be plain that their disasters can In no way be attributed to the circulation of notes. The. aggregate circulation of both amounted to 807,1111., against. which they held coin to the amount of 443,2321., conaiderablv more than one-half of the whole noe circulation,. while the deposits bearing interest in the two banks are. understood to exceed the sum of 9,000,0001-Economijt. TiE Ar'TEStA,- WELL AT GRE2NELLE, PAPIS.- In the esr 1833 M. Mulot was charged by the Municipal Counca of the City of Paris with the boring of an artesi well uport the left bhnd of the Seine, on the Place Breteuil, a vast space of ground extending in front of the Abattoir de-. Grenelle, not far from the Hotel des Invalides. The workmen commenced on the 24th of September, 1833 and one may be able to form a notion of the innumerable Aiculties that the skilful geological engineer must have encountered when one knowsthat the works of boring andtubage were not. completed till the 26th of February, 1841-more ehan seven years of tribulations, accidents, and deceptions, which would have disheartened most engineers. But M3 Mulot promisin" always suocess in a manner so certain, and based upon serious geological documents and calculations, the men be took themselves with vigour to the work, and the implements of their apparatus brought away successively the different beds of earth marked upon the geological map, traced a prior At last the green sand was reached; at was tho last bed of eartb, and the water leaped up with. impetuosity. The borer had arrived at the extraordny and predicted depth of about 1,790 English feet. It was necessary to add to this depth an ascending tube of 110 feet, Eo as to attain the height the water was to reach-that is to say, about 1,900 feet from its starting point, The water Is. produced from the pluvial filtrations of the lands of Chan-. pagne. In the centre of the Place BreteuU they are about to erect the fountain from the dedgns of M1. Ivon, theengineer. In the oentre of a circular stono basin, bordered by a raling raised upon a stone base, rises the new tuba of ascent. Round this tubo circles a spiral staircas, con isting of 150 open steps 2E 6in. iwidth, which conduct to teo platform of the campanile, the terminal of which in raised 139ft. SIn. above the ground. The enclosure of the staircase is of hexagonal form, and 6ft. 10in, wide. Four external platforms or balconies encIrcle the monument ani proJect gcshing alvok of bubblinB water,-27X Bgftr
SALES BY AUrT.IOl. The Twylord 7"tat ugWa, bxraa_ib0Aj Sa OM'Tha th-wed6khrAllard Rish . MESSRS. DANIEL SMITH) SOR,.~ and 0 E haereceived ins rutlons,-t~ffsfsg SA" ,a hke4e Kart, near the Bank of Enlad T'ICTO . h 17th of November 1887, at 12 olook, thu valuable =EBEHOL PROPERTY,lathe following lotn :-Lot L The m-rion celld Shawgord Homes, tituats In the perish of Twy~d~aild within fou nilnes of th Wiachutes Station In a beau timbered park, Containing, In a 'lnl fence, 56a. 3r. 25p. of maost valuable xound mneadow land hR ,Th hourse is well adapted for the full requisementa of a t =oiesseied family, and bAa been fOr many lenssrd,aowocr enerl Frederick, but poessemon may be Ma in june, 186,WThe sdhuatlou of this pro?erty, With regard to railway communIcaotIon, good ,oel ad sk &%thy district, may lie coouludered flrtratme. Lo 2.eThe ManorFarm oomplaIn aery superior sub9tautiallm,.nfit tmfrm-' denoe, inset eliglibly auga deihtully situate, and WeIIdatsd, after a meoderate outl3y, to becoDme the residenceof th, spitro h oestte ; together with S09e. Or. 5p. ot freehold arsble, moead of wthe meadow ad woodland,, the whole lying well tog ehe,aadowvlng thereon. 0i farm. homwesteds, well situate for the economical oultirationof the land. This lot, with the exceptIon ofabout two acres in &he arirsh of Otterbornor in in the parish of Twyford, and la In an exoellent state of cultivation. The whole of the arable lands are adapted for hseen farming, and a WoUsiderable portion. of them awe of fIn t'te quanlt. The water meadows oDnsist of upwards of 70 acres, aniht q~ i be clearly described by, the taos ftat they are situatind thei perish ol Twyfolfd, The WOods, bbout 135 acres, fOr-ming Twyford.perk, afe well adapted for tme growth Of hop Woes and timber. Poawealo of it,o whole of this lot may bena at M.tchaenm, 180. LotS3. ThLe liensting Irarm, situate tin the perishes of Twyford and Owalebmr, and containing dT7ha. 2r. 3ip. of amable andi gatrlua-,d,with&go fam homestAAd, farmhouse, and Premies, and four cottage Thilo is freehold, with the exception of a. r. P., which are oopyhold. 0t the manor of Marwell, an~ have been arranged to be onfrenchiee for a this iun% with the fines and fees to be paid by the veudner The cottages are le bylesae upo lives and the reverson to thoem will be Included in this lot The whlole forms a meet desirble farm, and poasecelon of It may be had at.Siichaelmas, 1818 Lot 4 considst of 924a. in. Sp. of arable, pasture, anid wood land, lying extsem well togethLer, in the perish of Owelebury, consisting of Maxwell Kaes Parx, Hurst, and=Lde Farms, with A Tery large and excelleutfish rgnd Thsproertiswellada ted for the eretion ofa resdence for o prorietr, partiucularl for 000o foud of field sports, and the soil and general charater of tke estate ace of that nea. hure which will secure to the purchaser a fun recompene foIr his outlay. It is within four miea of the BUopatoke stUu and six of the Winchester ; and Is partly Occupied byer tenants and partly let on lease. Thes whole Is freehold, an well worthy the attentioni of capitalists desiring agrcnlturaj ivest. menta with or witout residence Pull particulars may be had of Men=c Bray, Warreni, and Hlarding, 87, Great Ruasell-seeot, Blooms. bury ligr,,Benntt,Fiel an Dawon,Linooln'e.inia. M[ems. The M.lhandrofsMrwelnear Invnih.qae Itaes amnadG, 51M Eon~SSR .fils SAIL M Teward, and Lod 49,KLEYol' --wfleds oMesr frSAL byshof AOToze, and theoMpart, noear .thee ofy nd,e To-morWow.htm, solIcdtoro, iNchester; atd of Mens Oanim the-,,an,OR of Macwell, e, whiohexter,dIsve the outy f ofilthep ,LY.wll ofowlforbSryE byo AtCTION, a the art,ld lnear thelongngk telate Lady mlildimay, the extent of the parish is 5,OR1 acres. The averae a.nnual produce during the lawt 30 years for quit rents, ftea. adhe.ol baa amounted to the sum of 101 Ilas. The oopyhold portions witibe more lparticularly descrbed by a plan aooomparmylis the particulars of sale, and extend over nearly 2,1 00 acres, the sonual value of which with the various houses, cotlages,ad semlae;, aod other hereditamenta, at a moderate calculation-~ the sum of £2,410. The- whole affords an unusually good Opportunity for in. vestment, the copyholders with few exceptions being desirous to enfranchise. Plans and particulars may be had of Messms Bray Warren Herding and Warren, solicitors, 57, Great Ruseell.sireet, lllooms6ury -of Meses. Bennett, Fleld& andDawson, sHolctors, LAn. coh's-inn' of Twfsrs.Blk, Tnem te.an Trlee 14Eee-ret 0 amSouh andSC51 .lnDAN'eInnELdr SMessrs Stear,N el,a and OA Lloyd 49, _wcllelnofferfdrsA,a thess Martof, nex. and Bgkomp%*as, 19Tol. m thee city; dat the Georgemboel, Winchester;e aot, the MANORofi oTel, , wouthampton;at ve the Ma w nd l of ther. parilsmih, Seoeug andy tahey frgehodlnts, 10, tn Wa tllote, slmate ly, Londmaon, h e- the IManor ofs Twfo r,er qut Wets inhes, uer,inothe cm9ounty o touth. decibe b pa, SompMIng , SON, priuars of AKletey tendl Offer foarl SALE0 cratthe art,near vathe B of Englan, wto.le morrowB hou , 1othtayeof Nov pemberat i, winhother ltthe MdtnOntR at TWoderate whcaich, extends oe the whol of _Z0.The priho(exceptrdg oanly utheyre gold lan oduelning tor thvesltmentLay h Mi oDmy).oThe e' wthverlst1 years forequitoute, fines eandt enraotnchaseamounte aonth enmofticulars. may The cadopyf l portion Wilrren moeHarticngerld descibe byliaiplan, accomanyingellthet partic bulrsyo al; the Aextendnoter niealy, 1,n0 Dacrs-the nnualtos Lvaoluen of whih, ithth Blariou !unsen, ctae,and premi 4, saxes,wth thr hend; tamensW, at a montderat Macuaton Eebceeds the aum Bofp£3,219.Th whlemaffotrd cityunofukely goodhopportunityorzinvestenet,r as the Geyotdgr withery foewtexceoptionsar eager, Suhmtoonfrancthe. Mlans; and ~riclr a ehdof Messrs. BrilSmt,Sn,adCaky, 1,Warren,lHarding and Benet, Field,onna.n oictr,Lnons-n;o ess Blae, 3ytee, Rendtylareeof 1the swshxaret StVrad; iame Wh DIXke M E nSSRnS.fils D ANILes Bel,ITewr, SO ,andLod, 49, Ln%Y'a innfieds Mferns BorchAof, Cot the Auction,M19, Coemar-theBenk city of kesrs. To-odhrow, soelictors, o iNcvemter, a the GEoig otel Winchreater; tolphin Hotel Southam ldpton au the Malt; and lrof gesssDniuel Smith Seaon,an Oakley,ro10, Watberlofo-pae the mopall, ondSt.crwfrtoleenoagdr tily8adA ath a ectorial Rentvechargt of:,thgetparis oft Tiyo nte arcounty hofs andI will offer7 freserve, at. The purtlonMarto, near lt hae fBan ofe ingleand, themorrelow, the c7hurday of hc oorem der,bte xECTwbORi aL el R eNT pended. of he amma perihhof dYofD eamot. luay, In ros, tontd sadum o £700 Gre. uslld,pr annum Blalsouryhe Parsonaghouee and IMexadow.ethi ptranpertymis hiceldfrm h HlnospitaleetS, Crvessfrltwolives no aeged respetiel and and24 ailan anulrsre rn f£0 ogte ihte asng os andme do which Iollcitprops,dto sell ep;arael fro thatihc andifre Sof, and ree me rent. Thentpurchaterlof thisclo will-haveM hs bee atehlyterrpene, C articuwodLarsma beae hald of e Bra,SWRren,Rand aad nd,57 Grea RwisllStEeLL BbyoAUry. TesrsOBNneatt Field Mand,o DWedneedL,Ncov.n'enn 1 ' fosrs Slab, Trier, andth Tylsee,14, onaexlret, STHRand Jueatams'l well-btL, 11, CeondHOU-StEet, sCtavendisd.beinge MeNs,12 aLemd and Co.,kbal,tur rieklds essrs.holo ileaheff,or te, andexpired term Col9 emanmtt a'ith Mesrtias. atodhe amdoiios inhte; and of Mh 6oiuemS.Phelss. House, St.Mith,Son,lland Cokley, and agen,,1 Wao-atderlopac,Pllm F r o ckhami-dteraoed FreoldklewooRsd-oeg ceh,polducng, e ~jESSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUG. MLY TION. at the Mart, on Wednesday, Nov.mber. at 12 for 1, by orderlfteTute,I not , THRoabsanW R EEk-b ut etantiLDVLL&boit un finishedlthOUES ocltua. and being N2osn 1,2, aynd3.ratroebadterrhame, Crvickgewoodthed onc larease,o the unexo ighedtermpoft99leas atet ath veryaclowogroundandntaofr£a-each. May be viewedprertoth beys Pard ticuarat the Mart, icol-lm; and of the auctIoneers, t ihs' os, ; fit1Mchael'-alt.St IbaIa_ley, Co rrnhil, and 19, Hatton-garden. In Bankruptcy: re Johin LGregory.-Lyduetro{, ekham.-A,m-eseo re annumVll, land-tax redeemeud,-fbrot Sale,tmby orde theAssignees,d MESSRS. GREEN and SONwl SreLLvore bythAu. gagesLtIo E b ACTO.at the Mart, on WednedyaNvmer1,at 12 for ISin at1 onelt a, Pin ofrene lts.anaeriorkandugetlFemaOlD VeILLeA bed FREEHOLD o hLAndom RElIEvaiNC, sittein tihedat h Dey respecabl and halthyt loaityn n en 2ad13 Lyndnntra,Peka,hvmgr-ran xtnive okam havngfront and base gardens. land.ltatx igl ree espctbl terubantieat £42U 3.f per annueahours, land-tax redeemed. May be viewed .ebe deymipsior obetheten 0ant6. Pariuartmas d at the Mart otHH ofaH.an. Cal,,offical~ofi assIgee,e1, AlderAnhurma;bof Moea,srs, . aJ. an J.Lkar andG HacdkEq wod, solicitors, Sise-Iane; of Messrs. WilILh an alrnd, sLicI oUtors ,Nolas-ane huhpandof, (tflhe ll-autoers, at, MIchael's-htoneese.St Mcael's-aelley,hornhe, andt , Hto ogrs3en, hold Vill, lato-and txrdee,fri atato cuain n M ouESS rS.-GroENuandv SeONd are farouned wenth tR.rin fro the GOV rige with conurrnc of the Mart'; gag hursdato Nov[emberAT 19, at the Mart, o WEdFnedy bNovkbu, atO12Efo 1,ityadIn threerlts. superad geentle mpnlyvemld, eu Itaoe SwaEHOlace Vn LLr G reatDvrstreNet, Bortuht nt hd as DrousdertVill hrlc4hull Leaseh fom Dwzellogthor;tewoepuc,b ing Uno 9Ctags Jams.pe of£0O.3,prannum, land hedfr2aya nxpiredeeMed, tine viewed sy eveni days pror bhetwen 1ta and parPartulars had at the Mart;an of the Hu. Caonnan l3), Gre cal DovsIgneet, 1Boro rmug ayho.Msrs . n 3.H,Lgble lvatme ndz Harkmood,soliciors SOelan;d esr.Trel Payne andLayto,ysdicItors,of theuMrchaegee Cmlhllyrd n R .iR J. R. GOVER Isinsretdt SELL, at the M r,o M Mrt o Thursday, It November,1,i n lo57, SEVn bwo lrk'elblt HOUSES,wit yarsTinThe cmrear,nd reetlyhose withpr oed,being 1 to Sand1,Pits-place, nerGee oer-street, Bortough;oandsa Grou.1 nd Reso £W s. risi ngorom, thre otheSars;thawol praoducin £98 to. rfpober tnuaprdcn 154.prannum, and held forr14 years unexie.Myr iwdb empla edono theo foure susandtpartclar Dwlfghadttes,r;n of spro eltheoue. .tourer, e 31,ghreatdovbe-ireeg Borough.,am ,Doete-lce l Eigibl,an ffrzeue investmrs-Brode nds tol petirebasem-aybeu vaiewe by prmision f by direcpteiondo Patheoulral adofsgeBes.vgr MRq. 3.wlior 1B. Goverro antruthe d M t adof SeL atthueer Mrart, DonerThursday, Borouh.Nvme,15,i tol,eiil LnpeA eeHtOLd aETATES, compriingetwohoustnes withcun 's N.1 ndo16,n Printelr'splc, nBerumonde arand two houses v,ntc.3agde1o, West-skee1tanrt,near th)lxeofeSparoadSta1ior,ltt.fom respetable ltents poducing £105 ofee. pfer aunube, and ed Forr ter yearsingetired. fAlsourats sbstantialve Dwlling-horautes of spaeSerIrielevapion. HerndOZ,bproducng£120in hapser nnm TfromMe. cpropetie ,r wellt siute,andoffer rHumse Investm entsh to nepurc jhaser. ay be iee by p aiermiso ofehe ocupers HUnb, and patiu ars hodofH H. Mselvlsebr, Erq, solcior 11kn.DOvaer'roin seeat thieMati a gndof her autioneer 3,Gatd Dover-skeet,ndBoro ugh.rbany oh 31nabon dR.s ofEfiEPRt InRmAgnm, qurt, andupitsy, Lofdonthevnags ofe M84180 1844, t annoul.pcofta ge has 18ceivedPontfrctosfom Mr o r.ser nldt,o threfirm tof thece A fey Trebbuers axiiind ForeSErL beain pthe meeTIOf,avourthebrand,eatvery lbarg Esortment of ureShrrie,eth pale andt,a 1,Zthe brownlparvlng 'hamt 5,a Ep romi WLime Cllqof , Mic lt,v Chendmonst Muiumslyand paiently Wents d Winesngof lohgaseies of HJecFortlwir, Geispedhebm HopaleRheiz, abotpacking'851 53Mosell',bof stlt au-dr Foartg Claret insvperal varietis, lurgubtte nA1Hermitage aoznd ote Ientie,f ar and vey nperu bora wndyE pr nwe, bothpaslni ron In 85; . ozn PETE BROAD 28,dr Poultryin, London,r hu bo the, b pe1s Thomsnort ann Oounethat5 hoehas(i recivted ofneturlonfrom Mrn. Donald, fuveor ts.Iothle upArtTreasures yExB hibiin,erso SELLkby pubic int. aOmt ii", thefolwng first-classi spendid WIntleS, alltpfewhic havei been,most udiouesyi anpptintl)o iedy Felete deupwringsaong seriesaof years,tand are nows Tnomonst upch ondition. dcempofrlne20 dozewns o fiepoart wine shippyedri by optle, Rpcer, brottle inozn 1980;p3tualso 4donsof fine tol nyFort wine, six rears in bottle, shipped by Sartudi- Garier an C.; lso20 or (mgnus)ditto by ithe smie shipea; 0 or dito shppd y Oily,Web,ber, and Co anddryPortwmAe, to wer i oti;65o.o hr n fine Por wine, 10 years in bottle, shipped by Knowlea: 25 doZ, pintg, of citra. ordinary Port wLe, 12 yeara in bottle, cleared be-tween Forreater aud Crofts; 8c doz. otd fine Port wine, 105easm in battle, shippd Phllipe 16 doz. fire old taowy Post, rare and sae, bottled in 18 sbhiped by Sandiman: 12 doz. (magnums) or firs-lass, 134, Posi wlne'i doz, marnwnus), 1834, Bne dry Port vwne, shippers Thompson and rofts 24 dozen (magurns). 1834, fine dry Portwie.e shipper Saudiman; 19 dozen (pintes, 13i Port wine, and 12 dozen 1834 Pert wine, ebhpped by Thomson and Cro1ts ; 48 dozen splendid Port wine, fit for use, esipped by Harris ard Co. ; alsw five piroe (in bond) of 1851 Exhi. bitlon Port wine. shippe,s Forrester and Co.: one pipe, duty paId, of the rame wine, sbipDed by Torrester; also ill Cozen pale Sherry aud SO dozen of10. Z. brown Sthery, and 87 dozen Champagne, iMaJmc Oll=ot'a: 70 dozen do., 70 dozen do., and 68 dozewn pint do. of Ntpet's, a er, and Ca,., and Mums and Co., repetIvely; 30 dozenquas and 4'0 dozen pints of aparling MoreDe * 2i dozen larsac, 12 dorm Sauterne. 20 dozen Lagranas 10edozen Laruse,17dorAn Leolle,$re dozen ChateaulMargeau, est dozen!guem five dozen Cote Rtotl, Si bottlea white Hermitage, and four hogehe-aa Claret ex Tamadepass, from Bordeaux. Catologaes wUn be ready Is, a few dam's of Mr. Peter Broad 28, Poultry; of Mr. Donsld, Arz Treauero Exhibition, Maan ebester: and at the Roovel Exchne. Hancbes.ter. Hitohin, HIerta.-Stork in Trade of a Grocer, Fixtues, Utensils, and Bomehold Furnitue Hos, i. Cart. Harness &-Absolute Sale by order of the Executors of the late Mr. Hickman, MB. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, L .on the Premizes, Back-seet and Hich-sireetonTusy,Nr 19. atll for 12 precisely, the HOUSEOiOLD tUNT E oi the usual dearpiDtion. The stock, fixtures, and utensls in trade coniprise teas, ooffees, rplces, provisions, soap, oandles, brushes, brooms, Vgesters, scales, weights, mils, oounters. nesAs of drawers, to.; a very uteful horse, eart, hamness, and various effects. On view the day prior. Catalogues on the Drenisee. or of the aurtioncer, 2 Poultry. 18, Glocester.garders, Hrde-parkr 1MTR. FREDERICK A. M1ULLETT regaectfully athnnowun the foUlowing ORDER ot SALE :-On ednesa, the 18th init., commenucing alt IPrecisely-The Library ofoSooks, Valoa. ble portoolls of engravingi after the old mas-ers, and an assortment od picture frames. On ThurEday, the 19th inst, oommendngat' 12 precisely-The Dlnuing Boom and Library FunSiture, bookc.ases secondary bedrooms and attic ditto, palutisgs. oa.,.vings, china and glas, a;nd fittings of the bsAemnent. On kriday, the 21hinst. om. menTing At 12 precisely-The Drawing Rcam Appointments, ornsu., meats, decks, valuable service ofsilver plate, superior plated a ftcle (Iby Wsengton), and the furnitureA of the best bed rooms, hall. &C. On view thin day and to'o'rowr. Catalgues on the premises; aD t Sho I anUolnees's officesg, Is Alsion-placi, Hyde-rk.eu. go. S6 Susex place, Hdepuksrena,.-Tbe isatore of the 11s- Bi biatui32 .LVJ thePremsesasao. To-morrow, the I hifist., AtI vsetsl the ellmad HOUEJILD UENIURE, incltnd uigt,l an. the~giae,waslnftab CAia &oltes gde esed,eel romsa-&palro lamg siasess, a cbDoic ~ferouwoocaine, to,curd, and other tables a suits of cbahrs Imequssed snap ~ and Wa otopm ibntz, Dlnintiroorn.-Pedsst stde, hear, dnnerwagon,14 caIr inmorocc, long set oC wsxtAndinx proyle,Byde.ad, a l,Ablnstet, yepr;ado ess Poster, sevePall-al er mI--As~~~ai oernPt 3hfmergai 00~ o Wdedy ovme 8 bwdecker K, d atai the aley.r Sadr Sale Deferred until Thursday, the 19th Nov.-Sereor~Esx-w snoerlos semi-detached itesidenseis; also a Lcsod PrpryOf Rouses and Ground Rents, Buxton-plaoe, Lambeth. MIjESSBS. FOSTER are directed by the executors ofVLtthe late Robert Hasluck, Req., to BELL or &UOTION, at the fa4 o Thursday. November 19, at 12, in three lots, TWO epia FA WM(ELVHOUSFE, with coach-houses erd stables, No. 2 and 3. t1he Elms, Stmatford, Essex, let to most respecabl,, tenants at;£70 each, and held for 76iyears, at £24ground rent nor the two. Also a LeeeholdEsate of Houses end ground rents amounting to;e71 5stper annum, and held for 17 year at a peprcoryn rent amply seured on prpet in Buxton-place, China-walk Labeth or the annual vales of 20. rartIcularsmaybebad2lhisybefrortbeEalcatcheM.,rt: at the Swan, at Stratford: ofTJobn I,ett-e E3q., solIcitorS, Bar"tlett buildings, Holbomn; and of Messrs. Poeter. St, Pall-mZ. A choice Colletion of Old Saxony and Sdrre hia Bubh iCbabinets and Tables, and other ObJects rfAt ESSS. OSTR wll ELLby AUCTION, at aesobnen of eantfull paited LD DetD~~ and VP. lyin fo som yers ath,On iew wo aysprior andmrigo Antique Furnilture, Weapons, Armour Corlo,.ltle Bronzesl, old China. &o * removed from 18'o. 248, 9tran. iIESSRB. FOSTER- winl SELL by AUCTION, at ,LJ. the Gallery. 5$ 'Pall mall on Thureday, November 26, ati I reelsely, a COLLECTION of A1RCIENT PROPERTY, lncluding an Italian cabinet, with Repousso chasings, other cabinets, and umii. ture, IEorentlne and Emzpire bronzes and, breezes dor6, tncluding the dBo, the Wrogestes the Mar11 Horwses MMedic vases, candelabra aloska, &e.; ales a variety of swords, rapierm, ytaghans,s emboss steel targets, halberts , in, oriental end other rid chinas, WedgwoDd ware, Idia gong, stained glass, fossil, and ak varied otllectlon of objects of art and curiosity. The gnenwee, C0 In nme,wl eSl the day previously. On view ortand after the .3d.me, ilbeSl To Music Pnhllshers,-Tise ~~~~valuable Stock of oyihs lt Lite-sone, Pintd Aste,. shop Frixtures, c,o O. hs acfor of17 ehosqure. retiring from biiure. ~,I~ES~tS FOTERwill SELL by AUCTION, at LYE. he Galery,114,Pall.mall, on FrIday, November 27, at 1 precisey, he TOC inTRADE of Mr. T. Latcbrford. music publisher andseler,Incudig aout6,000 muwIc plates, with litho-stones, frontispiece, coprlebt, and assgments of an excellent e'eletion of mrolern musc, ompisig fshonable pianoforta woYrks, popular songs, dence musi, k,, y cmpoersof celebrity; Walo a largei quantity of printed must, a ew usicl intruents, fixtures of the shop in ltoho.squwas, fiepofcetoounters deaks, glared o4eas, and effects. On view thedyproan morning of sale, Catalogues bed a weak previously, Woolwlctt.-Four capia moenLaeodRsdenes,all w -ellteD. antod,and Bullding Groundsadjoinlng,ellgibly situate inWood-etreer,, a few minutes' walk from the araks of the ltoyal Artilery tbe Dock-yard and Rallway Station MES~Sk. RUSR1WORaTH and JARVIS are ditdy theMostgagee. to prepare for SAL.Eby AUCTION, at the Mart, in one lot, an eligtble LEASEHiOLD IXVESTMENT' comprising INos 43, 44, 45, and A8 Etwes-terrace, NWoodestreet. near the Barracks of the Royal Areillery. The housesg form a separate gronu end present a, handsomeelevatlon. with forecourtz, enclosed by dwai wall and ornamental iron gates, end small gar0.isr in the rear. Nos. 43 and 44, are occupied by Major Taddy and Major Dicsos of the Royal Artilery, No. 45, b a military offioer, ard No. A40, b Mrs. Wolfe. Also a valuable corner Plot of Ground w3joining, at present cultvated by amarkel gardener, but offering en eligible rite for the erecton of two or mere residencesf. The whole held for 51 years at a ground rent of £2G l2e. per annum. The houses mnay be viewed with rmiglix f he ennts ad articolars had at rho Ship Tavern, woolwich; ofEB. J.Jenrings. 2:q.. solIcitor, 1, Mtecutbidos Temple: end of Messrs. Rushworth end Jarvis, Savile-row, Regentstreet. and 19, Change-alley, Oorohill, No. 52, Wtmpole-street, Csvenoish.sqUaOCeopla unis,inu. rug many choice specimens of the manufeetare of Messmrs. nell and Co., several nol Glasses, Grand Pianoforte by, Stodart, a few Plo. tures and Prnt,Lamps,Oandelabra, Weapons of War, and Misoel. lenseus Effects. ESSRS. RUSH WORTEH and JARVIS will S ELL by ATJCTION, en the Premise, con Thursday, November 19. at 11, five PAIa ef BLUE SILK TASIAHET WINDOW CURTAINS, sofas, conches, ottomans and chairs a variety of fsneli-carved roeewood tabler, large chlmney.glases, consolle and noble glass above, lampw, candelabra,Briussels and Turkey carpets, rugs and fenders pedesta sideboard5 dining tables, 10 chairs with maorocco leather sears, an excelent reclining cbair. captal winged and other bookcases a so. parlor library table, pedeetal wrting table, two Pates offall-eizedglobes, fiare-nn, and curious old daggem I the rhamber appendages include F'rench and field bedsteads end bedhing. two winged wardrobes, washstads,&;kIthenreuiste, eghtda dil,and other effects. Kay be iewd oe dy peceing an caaloceehad of 141 cams. Snell and Cc..27. lhemrle.teee; ad ofMesss. uohworth and Jraryla, delir, Grnd ianfort Ina mlmosnycase, Table, China, and Glas, ndMIsellneus ffcts prncpaly emoved from NottingjESSRS. RUSHWORTEH and JARVIS will BLby AUCT EON at their Great R-oom, on Tuesday, Nor-. 24, excellent modern FUE&ITURE, comprising the appendages to the d,awing and dining roams, library'and bA ll,cimney glasses In gilt frames, Turkey. Bruseels, and other carpete, and rugs, chandelier, a 6j-octave pianoforre by liroadwcood and Sons In a.mabogrvay case, table services in china and glass, the customary recin'sltestotbosleeoteg aarotmenats and domeattc o ceow, end other effects. To be viewe6 the 7 y peceding, rand catalogues had at the offices of Mlessrs. Runbhworth an3d Jervls, 8Avulle-rew, Regent-street, and 19, Change-alley,Oornlrill.'M Barrow-weald.-TAo valuable Live and Deoad ain150kthe StasAs of Ray, 40 quarters of Beans,s.c.o T,R. EDWARD LUMLEY will SELL by AUC. LU. TION, on thie Premises, Wealdatone-farn, IHarrow-weald. on 3riday. November 20. at 12 for I under a J udge's order, THREE STACS ofprie MEDOW AY,of aout120 lasfis 40 quarter ponlry,e ric. clThwtpoewo tarpuigs,plough,tJoiharros, cery-inns.~ ~ ~~~~~~~~rs jf,EDWAR ULYwl SELL by AUCiL TION, on theormss o 3 Gl teetr-msws south. Maryleboss-read, on Mtondy No.5.a 2frI yorder of the Executors of the late George erBrisEq.dcae, the well seasoned STOCK of TISOBER uho hc a eni t for many years; past, and comrre- rimesrue flwado pe e ls,pne planks, flor bord, uarerig, 00yebw witodel bttes,a quantity of metig. oniing, liing, &. ;alsoa lrgequatity of odbidn numrou efecs. ay e vewd. ataoges bad onthprmes Dl)aston.-bsrureu,ean Etu eo the late Mrl. G-ander, by 7Order of his Executors.-li r MSN at the Dwellisg of the deceased,?7, Holly-street. on Stra,Nv 1 7F EEffects, wihaeof the usalrs description. T ThEeneat house, wtgarden, held for 130 years, ata ground rent of £1, tocether with a gente residence in front ot Qwen's-road, No. 5, Richmonod-terrace, in th ccptinof-fonlleux,REsq.. held at a greund rent of £8 for 1 er,wl esl at the MAart, on the 8thL of December. P artIc alar, anFaaousa I inshury-place south. Bisop6gate.-irnprovahle Freehold Eatate.-BIy r. MASON, at the hIatt, on Tuesday, Dec. 0, NTS. 26, 28, 29, and 30, Artillery-lano, possessing N o~a frontage of 00 feet, within a few 5ards of Bishopegate-sc%s without ; let on lease for abouit seven years unexpired, to Mr. Baynier, at;£75 per annum ; end the Fasaes.way No. 2?. ilewinag to other pee. mraes,j ately let at z23, making z95 per annum ; with the Reverson to the ilack Rents at the end of leseess term. Particulars of Messrs. Clarke and Harris, solicitors, Bishoposate churchyard ;end of the suoticoner. 15, lFinabnry-prlaze south. Peeoos,.pae,Fritr,Gass aspota, Cubag, Glass. Ero, GunsendPisols-Onview. ESSRS. EIEH ,STORE5 and SON will MLSELL, at thiOom in-tet overt-garoen, THIS DAY, November 1,a11 DI'anGETLEMEN'., ATT'IRE, cloths: doeskius. bevr,sts evt,stn,claaae rawls, guns, revolving andnt ole itl,hueod untr,gass arpots, feather beds, and effcts On Vlow.-Turee Djays Sale, of Watche-e ChronometerA, Clocks, Au- tique and Mlodern Plte, valuable Diamond Ornamrente, Loose Stones, and effects. MEI*RS. D)EBENHAM, STORR, and SON will itLSELL by AUCTION, at their Roonn., Rice-street, Covent-garden, To-mnorrow, Novemberl17,and two followIn3g deas,at 11 700 GOLD arnASILVERWATOREii, by lBrinkman, Dent, 13re3rnet, M'cCale, ana other celebrated makers,modern jeweliery, u in les, bruoches, pins, ear-uri.nse, kelettes, ko., of fdee sold, set %wi pr. ci,us eons,s ilver t-ea end coffeo services, waiters, tankards, goblets, spoons. and forks, Sheffield plated goods, dressing cases, with silver and plated fittings, gold musical and other snuff boxes, and a vaat assembla-go of various valuables. To-morrw LEveninig, Novemt,uer l's,- mt IME~s1'i. JONS and BON HAT X will SELL by A OrIION, at their great U p er Room, To-morrow Evening, a large quantity of valuable PROPERTY, take-n under a Bil of Sale, and to be sold without reserve consisting of a 1-kt of antique china and bronze ornament,, a Royal Deroy dessert srebeoewjth ire lail, five richly embroidered theatrical dreissr, a magnidst mntrodel inlgi-amof the Great Exhibition 110 feet long), eight casks of cut ale glasese, a lot of lookin glsiaess, dres-sing and clheval ditto, 70 framed prints, Ilr, On view MAonday up to time of sale, and Catalogues lied at ibeauctxrIon rooms,LeAieesterretreet, nndPrncos-strtetctlemetusssq,,. China mid Earthenware, a. large Consisrnmert from the Lotteries, for ad Absrolute Sale. 1'Ean ONA will SELL by .AUCIIO~~ onWednesday even!ng, at 6 predlely, a,large quentty o useul oramenal CINA,comprising dinner ser. vics cmplte n geatvaretyandvenus attrns ta and coffee servces ichl pantedand ilt,brekfas middesercervicoes idrish patern, dubl an sigletoiet ole jus. loier pets, conservatory vass,Paranan hique iguesan gups ad alarg varletylof cestr-scce en ~ sleran caaloueshad-Auction rooDms, Let- ME SSES. JONES and BONHAr bra to Sua TIO-N ROOMS s being beet ado the disyral of ever rIss°o property ntead for sale. Those rooms, founded in the 179. De, without iner , ha nnelt o ei M of marketable propert.Comnig puneto,all¢, at 6 s'cock, three evenings Per week;vz,oWeesasfomletaoapretyf eeykind; on Thurdy,hueodFriueoeniey nFi days, ancient ndm tings, ptureames, and wor . flar generaly. J. andBbgors the conv af ro Prompt settlemen cots ndthlar ronnex i opn chaers, combined with moderate othereo, t 0 doie of for the dio. of al kinds of propert not to be found elrewheeH-Aclon Rooms, Lelcester.street, and Prnse-es-et,o Lslc . tser-r are. This Day.-Bow, m Idd lex abold Furniture, Pon. Harness, wine, end E cs order of the Aru Freeman. Esq., d~eesd dR L e Ke will S E L L by A U a by A UR TIo N, 235 at the road, Lecturetbohand, ow-bridge, THIS DAY, atv , II for modern HOUSEHOLdouble d NTUIn comphi in fourx post endF o;cutlArabian dsteades, res Of hairs, dirning tSables, sofas, bcaase chimney- ne ho frrom 11.am.enev, do. tOnc,t 2iew Caitalges atr thet Hallau and the~ auctioneer, 1 0, llu ler 33, bu cur yoa p thde, C . a AUGUSTUS SMITH is instructecl by tho AsA iest ELb ACIN thsRooms, 295. Blackfrta!,read,nearthe ridg To-orro 17t of ovember, 1857, at 1.2 for I o~abok, LARE ZsARQUR, ~feetlongby 26 feet wide, seven powrfu dobleandtinle urcasecras,a quantity of (cutlery, No. 69, Quteeneatreet, two doors from NeTw Cannon-street, under an Execudon.-Elegant Honuehold Furniture, several riah nattem Velvet Pile, Tapestry, aud Brssels Carpets. a fne-toned 6foetve Cottage PUnotorie In a Walnut Case, large Chimney Glarser in rith burnished gold and enamelled Iframee, a handeomo Drawing Room Suite of cholce MWalnut, Bronzes, Prlnte, Chine, Glams, and eject. lI R. IZOD begs to announce ho will SELL bv iLv AUOTION, a above, To-morrow. Tuesday, November 17, at r2 o'clock, the very superior FURNITURE, ke, comprisdng sts of chairs, lounges, and easy chainr covered In maorocco, noble tlscope defing table, carved-bark sideboard, mahogany Arablanbedstead, damavk hangings, noble winged wardrobes fitted with plate glu5. wasastands and china fittings, toiet and cheval glasses, dr#wersM Bn osisarpete, &c, an elegant wralnut suite covered ia silkr, oowrnasodest fitted with ptate gas,oblong, card, and other tables, chimney laes In rich gilt frames, a brilliant-toned cottage piano, rdlret ile and laette crPets fewr bronzes, valuable proof prints,chia dinnmerand tea services, numrou drawing-room eleganfles, hail and kitcheon requiEtes fiew F h.-dc ltia t8 aye viewred ithe mcningof eels, ?PoticOhbo'gtllel Plews fro the North of E1gIand. MPB. PHILLIPS bestm nounce that the SALE ofMODERN P1UWfUR &2,advrtsedto take placeon Tuesday, Y7thO fut, Is -0cUsi DERERRED fw the present-Ne - Bond*101t,ANoT.lL, AL Odof c antls1t &an modnem iotnre and xugraving MR. PHILLIP Is Itructed to SELL by "A 0- AY.TION, To-mworw She 17th Inst.. At I PsecitleY. a COLLEC1ONof d FICTURBS, selocedfrom the several schools of anlent" u 1 e bs th toi lbowing mas nd their dl,- A, Ge...d K. Poutn Hobbima Morlsnd G. Do0 w Van Gojen Ibbetson B u Aaletto tuydel WilUn. Rubens Wyvants Woavermans AlA sml echinet ot modemo lbh and Flemihs paltaInge and rb rooms and offio framed sgra'l, My*tbe viwed ouMday, and catalogues then } celleurt modem Furnlture, luites ot 8tk and other Curoatn, Glasses, CarDets PidcF, Services of Uhina, GlIsaware, And XrecS46 removed from two rirvate reddences lIMB. PHILLPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his XT t grt Rooms, Now Bod-street, on Wdnesday, Nor. 18, *t 1 dreely, the nodern TENITOURE' oomprlsng a suite of dwiong mooora curtalne in blue and white 5st; stuffed-back cbalrs, oouohe, eetteee, and semi chairs Covered en site. tddeboarde telescope-fram dining tables, stuffed-back chaix bookca, cnurnueteris, e bbes,e.n table; bed room furniture,designed in alnut and mahogany,onusistin of ArabIan, fonr-ps, and Iron bedsteads winged and other arT^drobes, sigle and douDle waistnds, toilet and ceber gisaes. exoellent bedding, carpets ehina and glar ware, and misellaneous effct; removed from twTo residences. May be viewed the dAyre viou, and catalogues had at Mr. Phillips' ollicee anid rooms. A Ocuigunoent of useful and ornaentasl Porcelain, lLIPS will SBLL by AUCTION, at his M Bo O u NwBonud-trt on Friday, 19th Inst., at 1 p a cnsinmet o hadsome DniNEB, Dessert, Breatrast;, and lTe B1SlERVICES, In chla and Ironstone, ot varous patterns and glt enrichments; alto aselecionof oenamental iars and yas; statnstt. ln Paran aed teroacotta; conservatory and other vasew, and garden poll crockery, glass lusr, and various oe eartb.wae. To be iewed the da preedir q ning ot sate at Yr. Pbullis roams, and catalogues tene had. Re Frederic IL P. Bocke, a Bankrupt. MIB PHILLIPS is inatracted by the Assignees to AE SELL by AUTION, at his great Booms, New Brnd-st, on Wednesday Doember , And folU'slnw" day, at preecigely, ewch d_y, the CksiE;clou Of valuable ANTIQUL,IESi and WORKS of ART, formed by P. IL P. Botkok, late of Newman-atreet, counssting of au asemblage of Melica ware, Venetian glass, Egyptian and other antiquities, objects of the cinque-cento oeriod, cameos, Intagito ring. carvnss cda^vaiely ot objectiof tasteaundvrerto. Alsei°temsof8*c fahlonable jeweliecy. consistIng of bracelets, rings, brooches studs &c., enrichedwidth brilxnt and other precious cone, M{ay ho vtesed w ays preceding the sae, and ontalgues bad at Mr. Phillips's offiesr A Genteel Resideno, Camberlandestres. Bryenaquare and the elegar,tmoden Frtire. 3FR PHILLIPS is inatracted to SELL by AUCe IV! TiON, In the o urse of the preent month (unless treated for by priat nlaeOtistion), the TLA Z ot a genteel RStDENOE, situate o 7, Oumberland-ts,reee, new to Rhsastoa-square ; held for a trm, At a mdodrte ren.l Also the elegat moden Furitture, of useful and decoraTiv chorater : th drawing rooms Arranged witth crimson silk curtains and walnut furniture, the dining rooms in oak, and tte chainh`rs In SPAnih Iabhoa, and brItiuLL t toned grand Pianoforte by B-dwoos, elegant d rtive cabinets, sad ornmnouts. Tho whole In OBexlet cndition. Immledlat POssessio may be haA. Thehouse bviwdfrom 12 tIl 4. by tickets only, to he obtained At Mr. PDe ad8hDNew Boad-Atroot, A dsiabl feeoldReidnce, inteimmeditevcnt01ukig ham Falac e with poesalon. l l.PHILLIPS bogus leave to notify that he is Lne ' 0BEdEoUEL A CTION, unesslleposedofbyprivate treaty, a comiPlete gentlemanly RESIDENCE, with open frontage to St. Jamecis-park, fitte in a moalt exenive and tasteful meacner, in the Gothic styl - It'itatin a contiguons to the Palace, sad near to t6ie Houses of Parlisament. renders It a very desirable abde f dO e, adr a Mem o -fac.be mIly, The Interior arrange. merit shod evr, d Metc comfort and excelient ventilation, h etrae ebali an taircsO e we dtedi tdIn bth Gothic taco, a d Ining rhoomlokin Into A conservatory, a stuidy or brealdmst room, pontry, And water-closet; two drawing rooms in communieation, the aeck room being designed in richl Gothic taste;- on the recoud floor are three bed roms and a dressaing room a nd above FOur ,condary chambers 1 on the basement are the usual domestiec dinoes: asnd In, the rear of thg house insa garden planted with trees and gravel walk wish o,t-bWdlig., Tblsdeairublepropertyis freehold, audland.tsx redeemed. A portion Of the furniture may be taken. To be viewed by ticketst only which withfuthe prtculor3, may he obtaineda at Mr. PhWiie. OlAres, 73 CamdenTw,ToLaeoote-s Plated on icee Wal,ad fe ^/-R. MOXONS will SELL by AUCTION, at the LTL Mrt. o Wednsday,Novemer i0by direction of the Mort- gages, No,, 10 and 11,aa, MANVXLv,E T &Cith Camdenoew-ton, at th back Gof the c Arm sTvrahealty and i n neighblourhoo. Lshondfo th0 yrmears, at. 2,epsr,,vne eunet recta. rtic th e m at, of Mex,UBnt okede ad Idertens, olcto Margate; chinmesam, Campbell andDnt 39 Lineonebrm-esi,1n- Ianofther eauyctIoner, aud1 artn'c-paoemtc, Detraflglbare tusre,bok Vatnghl abHous,wt ialn,i Norludsqne M ESSRS. andHo SONusesand Shbre and byO u R& il UCTION, at Garhewayr To at 12, 293 SEERE$ in gaeh te D HKOALSF TNo 4j, M oradtuate, withClto,i cc-ounse,n Of O MW&L P&t1 an and t2=5loApeR of l5 inm wilamttenq, 61,00 tlen cithe reard, opening no DueDsedooe tee, ls,00 ue, th Lteaseod ro perty Keg l9 d to 8 ud Prnr od, Netin-hll oneO a hInc ' shopwItn h aposseson, tehe Othe-rslee hodern harng ticular ~ an at the foatt of Mess Bok anda Mcerlcen,elltr, a- MR. GEO.S EUBIETTB Fill aSd SO thoELL by at12,heFxRhmyRVrUt^'e 5°fetnttrepe Lt 12-,zOrv by orde of7,h .TY1Idson a fe ctererawlea's, o-morrow, at0 11,s 291 SHARES In the DI1AWg WALLSen TeqsIN MINES, situate atev Ca toe d in thec of Conwall Partcular and atacodesto Hira 4ilams Perq a Si,a Moogu ad te-tlet at Garrawys; and. oef te s-auctoe, 40,oha Coleman- sheet, city,Geo. Robwnson'r offloev 21, Old BondxtRoe?. Bertl1 , b 0y order o uth yle-ar,kriinl pemim£1 i,oreeduc rd10£14.! pe anum CAtologmens OfMe, Larobemnce, Pidtwe,an Brece,tl s uniter, Old raJerohnbe aftA GairrO awadsom Cand ofte HOauctoer, 40hln,bClemaonbutr~t city. 'k heon fiuss M tJAeCPreise, an Wedreaways, Tovmorro, atd fo awllown buil,t name fcr12eR's dT,~d Sa aCO4 IonQbRe CONEW DITTS aOf niG.1, bohletel,d squrodun a 16Prkntaofm £7, g rounwod-cn moderaute. eas 2drears CaaoguestcO and8e particulars of ug,W ReveluJones £gol, solctor 1a6, other apside;ts barway aendtof thelp faucytaoneer 40, colhairnstreet, msydhpar, - reempttoeod Sale,o bundeir Pa Judgte'sOdeh-itmey-elen Olampoidimenislof a Nobdleman's Residenc, romeeotlya suwplied, in modern taste, Pair of hnsmCariagble Hoses,n fawidonabl townbulte crock,bogha es,Park Pneo-un, Thress dingo. dbekatros fitte i, C. UarBE witnole eetl sub iteto AUCrtIot, teonp ilk othebPemia,,r on Wdnesd3tcay, inov 8od folow aing xdamo,at11 squow are, syde-park; copriingW roeucd watedlo wrawinugwso dbryn Ote cbinets O nh centulretb,fac tables,hnsm andkc- chaeairs i smallr e= cut-glas chdeluem, seas of rdech fins satine wnofwlae curtain ma"nt-nueldcoc s,broco, andlle-anadem,Te diningo an,,d br hkfstrso atrn itted inexeet Aewtmahogany, ihnbepdsa fodebtrdspetsnofxtelesop braedsteabls, 4eashie and gnte fchairs winge morcco penotlwanrdambesk achestsodaf of circmar tbletow&s, andsom boores,n tereair, noboacil:- and toi1let glasses ko.; china, glaws domectic reqUisites, tittings of the hall and staircase, and nunon,ous effects, May he viewed two days prior to the sale, when catalogues may he Obtained 6d, eachl on the promises; and a, the Auction Officer, in Warwick-ooert, Gray's-Inn W,C,. BiblIographIcal -and blocellsaeous Bsooks. DPUTTICK and SIMPSON, auctioneers of literary JL ProPerty. wiU BELL by AUCTION, at their Hence. 101, PlocedlIy, On Tuesay, Nov. 17, and two following days, a pORTION, of the v,slu&1hie And interesting LIBRARY of an Editor, Antiquary, and Biblio- graphe; comprising, in addition to a good esloctino of works in moat brancbes Of literature, nutmerous usefal books of re'oror co -elating to paleegraphy, bibliography, and chalograPhy;: the whole In ex3ellent c0ndition, some in fine ancient or mnodern biulinge. catalogues sent On receipt Of tWO stamp., -Llkawihon reerv, a hisRoos, 70,Bisopsab te-sDtzes,twjcro onWen Ida,oemberti0lesifo, B o'o ck,an recf7i~rely in3 conv-Plen SAN EING S, cpilg~s v floks satins dyAmU ,ChIONte, sat h- eaes Marbl res, ce nd c, IPan mbe0[rpof arl and Tustone ciNevpice, Ot viwth dyfror andodey.wtbu remorin ofthrew capis U&.TaoUe, Craiapham raSuiteyo- ifuraotuseond-had F bnt re,IW r iatec,m Peie latpesad Articles Tbooks, andblEffects 1Ir.SEVN i S .TYO sEL bystaUctdON, atL him ML oos ACresce n th -placse, OaphN-o.2s, Gonv6Thurday, Nov.or ro0, athloe 12t ireeoel, wtheeoeUnt reserne the capita UR fIT wR Turkecarets,mah manykeo and otherthis. er-otbdtas 9th0 bEdsO, andibed-oo funiturne, seANKS ofcales and boastn, glass aee,.dearthenwbare,abu 130 cc,re of slier,plated sooicies.00 semi-grand- May9 beY viewe onff wefodnegsday d anmoni ng of l, adntalgc hadbat thearooms and atuder.AStevons' offices, Cdlaptam.street, Ham, SiOdebOArd, Dinin andO Library tables, NW IM Bnkrptc athe xcllen t mnry-eldern d moUR nIUEo Funture N, ISN wi E E on the Premie,N,2,Govnrsre.T -mc dawing rooms consisting of conhes ifesesy chairs,ent,, ciaovertedi by, Tonmiki wanu, l eo, ceritard, and occaional,2 tables, ofhieks, brinian Flonday and morning refusale, Cataloges iene the dvpreiorse,and catsth autionuees ha , G osved.ndwr-stre, Bond-streset,181 Bsnbllsr and a Mz.Goo. obf makaoies, an Od others, ee In Chancery.-To Capitailist, Coal proprietors and others.-Important Sale of valuable Lesse Of COaIIlMines known 9as the Pendleten Colliery situte writhin 2I miles of the Manchester Royal Exchange, in the county of Lantcaer.-BY Mr. WILLIAM GRUN DY, at the AlbIon Hotel, Manchester, On Tuesday, the 15tb day of Decmber, 1007, at 4 O'clock in the aftternoon, purcuot te a Deeum of the High Court of Chancery, mnade in the canoe of "Kerrich aratust PitzGerald anid others," dated the 5th day of August, 1IS0, with the ayprobatlon of the Honourable Bin George Rose, one of the Masters tewdOurt, isnelet 7lE Property to e offered comprises the im- koroed (ents aLn rraLtiese of and in the several mines knownt as theb tgri,teD and the Blomeley M,iees The Pitzzerald Mine cosis of ll he~oesand veins of coal under 6o6a. l.rO2p. cf lan, o th sttut mesur,and are held for the remainder of a term of 6 yers, ommncig on the 3d day of January 1840, at royaltIes veringfom £0 o £0 er statutesacre The Dueb7Mineseoonsist of fou mies r samsofcoal, under 80a, Ir, lSP, of land, of the sintute measre,hel fo th reainder of a term of 31 yas omnigo the29t da ofMarh, 003 atroyltis vrying from £20 to £70, per statte cre,TheBloeley Mines consist of the same four seams~ or vein ofcoa. uderPa,Sr. lip, of land, of the Che!hire large meae-ue, andarehel fo th reainerof a term of 50 years, commencing OR the 0th ay o Sepembe 105 at royalties varying from £25 to £1 per Oh sur are. bh eee as rights of way over the Fitz- erad, estate Into Eroughton for the passge of coal fre of toil, Fle mines formngr% the sad colliery will be sold subject to an underlease to Nesers Andrew ]Knowles and Sons, at a mini-l mnum rent of £1,496, and at improvest royaltiesvryn from £70 to £120per statute acre, aLnd suljectto thepaymuento"f Cli sfacerente. The underteeese also pay a wayleave rout or £10 Per foot Per Cheshire acre on all cowl brought throurl thes collierles from adjoining mines The capabliltise and exoellcn working condition of the P-endieto Colliery, the exemption from tell Into Broughton and Idnobester, n the close approxImation thereto, the colliery being onlys, miles from the Manchester Royal Exrohanc'ne ti nffth otdsrabl pro es of thldretscrnlotth mgt embl Vrj eotidsrptioninh co0unty. Pl&ansod fulldescariptvs are anP sd maY be hbdcad i nLno f 4qr h and ,seluictter 10, White InL doof7tsr, Hodga.., ;iloit..4 .. -placeI ; and Messrs Cooper and todgehne, sOliif s No,h H , deusoiinge, GrW-a q -~~n and In Mancestr, o Huh Hgsn, Esq., BrOughton, nearMnh6er;a the principal hotels In Mancbesetr and Liverpool -or anhse;t the auctioneer, 80 King-street M lanchester, * o from Mr. Grmidy, 1IJ1I. ACO K (wih ItiwillSLLb -LVJ. AUCTON, on the as ahoy ~ ov. 17,oa ME S41 razodli ;N Will BELL U No.. TIN.atth Ki pogD be Ran Bk Qf CAn.bm oveuber17, at 12 by of the Zxccog f)h l&iVa lister, a lnable Se L&B11W ESD between ao I tock , bneA at a M ven forrat*r-$6.ear%ofw we r 4 al * uoldsrIe4fromObrxtm#,, 2, oaa Mc Ift year,, st the yearly ret 014350, (dtorulabhthRa the end of 7* wear.. partcnbag~myb a, *.!Uar viewe (bDeM-weon of iethenat fMw leaiqs Gray's-inn;and of theac aeiee,45, Meae.ee. 133. Pr er - IESSRS. LESLIE nd SON aill nBE L AVa TION, at the Mark. To-mro,Nv 7a 2 ovem LEASHOLD 12-rocom DW 1GOS~I Lya yt nduonderieo J.& se tnxb a at the yearly rent of £5 for 21 years endofeven ori14 tears). aybe eweeen otbeyortht *o f the tenant, and luaedo rlon Gra'-wonn ; and of the and on sa , r e °t A Ground Rentf of a Perygai ed EeatofA55peA ei -o~~t nrgoery .' rdwieinou,(5t.aquu n iESRS.IESLi and 501 il VSELL b, AU(J lV IiEi8, at theMabrt To' morwet Nov 17 at he ~TAE,coprIin Nt.10. and ii "iot ~ t Propertyheld at the yearlY rhent of £16 14e.) of t rsof whioh were unexptredaSt &iaimj 10, Otaremnont-squacs o h hl emg 10 days, at groundrent of;£T 17* p h- N aqse, to Wan. PebrkIns Eq. ro McaIdelmae, wil at L by fbd 14 alne o(eteined by tb lese theend of seven yer the einderat pepercrnAent, furteme which wilave oa °to M TyeO ao ter of arp PalEti atar jend the pRemsee viewed (byiee ond mofthern u Troal ob U before the gale, of1ut9!h MeegeL Hi ths band , atn, l 1 o No.ers 4, s[rgre-e'et Itinlve Po e,unitteg uloa crtotSnI the follnga ofther NThS7.-eg MESSRS. LESLIE And MONwilEL AU. Nat I the at rt. SoutA te to tie Bk j, Eudn mosowi N2te Tvaleuablt 12EtheaSuf LtheabTe (0 PSrs uote r WORs O Th d stablee , and warehol4 whse , sDteumwaa giivnn f btrlet, helt at the iear!s, rt of p36, and SrrtecIle lot. respouztble tenata lEa t £5 er er;laving a w arehsB s y SBLL ~bi sdeateet a yen '.ranre<hlnthand.Paticulhngars mocay ei h .d Fandthiroo mss o thewtedby p Termsin of7 pbe tenatarn asgsefg malY be hof Me eon Barnd esa o ud Bedfordss aJno d rout fthe actloneeres 45t Margaretnstreet, endlshoc2at M ESSRS. LSI nN will S ELL by AUG. .5.7 TICON. at 5o.nS Andeayret. Noovembiday,rNorambs at 11,the valuabl Lan eE of the a ove rE6trosers.e;df 1 orDD lease (fg whc 0matpeiuigomewa giben) shop.rn,t l4onfrontaea~, j, mayhe had of rich BgnndSouth Andl nde Mree , l 60, workehowrehou d w oua , Smuth'h, Auriytaeel.v IMITIW,onHePreLses SONT will SELL,byithout Priuingpae cear anding a veryths et vensiv, d eie, le in baond a let premin orAudleetree. lare i3wokhop 71oleb an sows roomaj courDnting-h8ouse, smiuDth'sn shop ,ellral thand i;a oaet luuthre,v low rCntalofue3to eco year.o THe HwlIu.houmSlrq os,fAicisl a £15heran ealor,and the smith's sdaButhsop at o31 ls, revD ystro etjavng In underlet bypermis8lon) sDeve days preceding the sale, wo ener,alace m% be had of Mcoie. Burgoynes and "S rlnre, 16o, Oxffo ndfb ctoneers, 45,Mazrgaretatreet. W. Coomakes'g Stci rdeadv alejob Carriages j[IESSRS. LSLIE and Wi SELL br AUG. V.L TION, upon ltthstreee P On ednsdn,, Nov. 35. and foll af at U, in, valuable JOB and otho CARRIAGES, ot Meerri. ot-l aD Co.r. on-prislug upwapiu ner 1 new and tecond-han atand ee, of the petasas style and fhshi o- awd the ceaswned onmabufactured stok f p,, aebon o new bodies and carriages.eras xere,w"l ruwr~ alh tools, and utensilsfrtw re.apallh, sl,lms,anes warehouaelronnwork lurs, varnish and iera' t h e als,atan raoroocet lace, new and eodon hare, leat heri3uU ,S Drt outlng-house desks, a varousOther e Ma he viewed two days preceding the alt htalone m the auotloaeerOo 45. Sulaget-etrelt, WSogtzre. od,EO:su tbeprco:ai DjESSRS. L ES will SELL by AUG. E, TN at 5 Mtse, on Mond, Nor. 23 at 11 o'clock the se&ndSPKS elns e. of a wheelwrlght, seseral sets oi new helfiihdadn s'realoteTo and Matersai of a TtreSit,icdigpafr,rilmhn.&o a be viewed one day redngteal,adcaoushaontePre- mie;acdo th/enyeds antones,45 0r;gsreat°th°.c,-eOtRiuOe f WD MESSRS. BR ME hn -ON1 WMl SELL by ACIN, atth&tlrt, onlFriday,Nor. 0 at 12, SIXTY £19 SIfARES, 16 Paid, in the Rtatliffe Ga-light aud Coke Company, incorporated by Act of Parllsuisnt; payine dlividend of Zi per cent. Furtherparttcelrae Inquire of tbeasuctioneer. 17. Commeecial-roadeart. To embrsof uilin Soietes Smll JiItarts and Tothers ESR.BROMvLEY and SON will SELL by M UMN, at the Mart. on Friday. November 50. at IS, by order of the Mortgagoes, In three lots :-I~t L. SIX EHOUSES Nor 41to 9, Upper Mary-rtreet, Bromley, Middlesex;: rental per annuEm £75 lease l4 years. Lot 2. Four small useNos, 1, 2,3, iano4, Water-street, Rosceestroeet In the pariah of Wyest Ram, and nsar the Victori Docks, rentoalpar annum £11, leasee67 years, Lot 3. Four House (two with shopel, Noas. land 2, Esnlly.plaoe, and 15 and 19, Langton-etreet, Upper Nlorth-stress, i',eet India,-coad. l'oplar, renital per annum £154 lease 95 years May be viewed, Particulars b%d of Mr. P'sitchsrd. East India Dock fHence. Poplar; W. Shaon, Ese,, solIcitor, 5, ISedfossd-row; place of sale; and of the auctioneers, 17. Commtercial-road, East. MESS9. BROMLEY and SON will SELL by AUTIN on Fridlay, Nov. 50. at 12, at the Sfart, orer of the Proprietor, In one lot, an extensive LEd.SEEO PRO. PERTY, desirbly situate on tlse west side ,,nl north end ot the Newroad, within a few :!ards of Whttechao,el.roid. oppoelte Green-stret, part let on tlome for the whole term and part le' to good yearly tenants. camprising severl dweullng.houaee, workshops, st3bles, isheds. smithy, ka., the whole producing a rental of £1I72 Der annum, held for the term of 29 years at a moderate ground rent, Poaesesion of that portion occupied by Mr. Blindell, th rosp.ersumlth, masy be ha at Chiristmas next, May be viewed, Partiesl.r; had of Messrs Charapton and Jutsurn, edocitore, Whlttechanel-road; plac of sale; and of the auctioneer, 17, Cmurmercial,road East, To-mrrow(Tueday) Thusda. ard Frday venigs,the 17th, 19th. and 616lus,, n 6,by OIJHGAE ad SAILETT, at their t~NGR VING (anientand o'len), watercolour .124draing, ol plniage,porlolos,ho,Maybeo viewed and cata- JtjESSRbS. E GRb~t norm thepublic theat £VLthe valuable P)ETI avriebytmfor &LE THIS DAY, at the Mat poieteSnk nln,a 2nclork, will be eubmitted forcr-eionIthfoligcdr,v, L The Freehold PoeteatHrlyWiney, and Crondall, in the county of Hunt,intwlo, 2. The valluable oresl soeadRsdnoes, together with the Cottages In tile rear, siut tAdrht,Hnts, in six 1ta.e S. The genteel LeaseodRsdec th.Ann's-hIll, Wandsworth, Ounreyin oce lot, 4. The important F~reehold and Copyho,141Estate, s'tuate in the hamlet of Hale. in the parish of Farnham, Surrey. In one lot, Eligible Leaseholdlnveatmnents-Walbrookoa.eek1 ioxton. ESR.ROBERTS and ROBY will SELL by AUoCrISN, at the Mart, city, On Wednesday, Nov. 25. at 12, In two lot. by order of the Admsinistrators of the late SIr. T. W. Buddl, a capital LEA.SEHOLD EgTATE ot TWO sobitantlally bull' private DWELLNG.HOS~ wih for-eoure endgardens, eligibly situate, in agoo letingnelbbonhoo, beng 2o0,elnd 21, Walbrok. stret,NewNorh-rad le, ad o th vus cf *,2 per annutn heldby esse fr trms 161yeas fom une24, 1514, atlaground rent andofgerg Bown Rt- sltlto. t,Fial,-:-pacs,l'naurysauie;at he art an atth autioeers ofics, 1,Moorgate- To Llrapere,libeers, eres,ClOtir,o RO N anci SON will SEL by AUCTION, at B3 thoeirwlRooms, a' 25, Fore-street, city, on Wednesday next, a GEN'ERAL DRAiE'Es, Ntercer's, and Hosier's 13'0lYOl, aud a ClOthe' and Woollen Stock, 200 matsa end tronsere, 1,00 yards supe brend=ad does,rich silks and robes, 5MD bonnets. &±. Absolute.Sale of lronmsnomery. 1~jrR W. LLIGS W RTH ill SELL, without ES.Sa RSNMODEW ' STCKonba TATBHEW CiUTSLERby, penn,plte,adgalr' nvs rwls,ielsu, hox) lorgellstoc of basswerkforthebuiler nd cbintmaer,alocks and grat ofe. effecr.O viper Uthesla Drtford.-uto Klent, 13l,ble as Hot whu.r ISe ngBankBuptcr HouseToylad Fancy tarehoundemfect. ljESSRS.DE an AL M aTTEW wiOLlASLL byein MfVs Dr ordero.h AsenInlgobseteof wanolebaut one rthabe Price.1 Nos,Y12and1. PLANTre on hs wonday nstNov. 21, at1, the SaerPorto iecn tlyD fixtures, fitigs Me o. Hl, c fomris ingevrluthousa ndearse nof toys,r musical iontruens cylocks,ta-unees,sheves, gash 9ittDUDags nffc furnItre, -c. C taousto,b had 6-of H,H, Ireanrfe dit, Rwi., ooniia e'slguee; Me bore. L oyd wnd rule,amoicioers, 17, lantret an 1hofs theaucIoeer, 2, lRapg atOes witouplte,D,il ae Hawey apr Mlls Deeferd. Kent,hallsumpe ese ison'MUachney Stea Enine, Billmers, Hosehl orlu and effect lo thens, MESSRS. RASLuM and B mlloUtLrof D arce ol in-L day,the th ad 10h D on, th12preralas: at onthe psuso HoeDawltJilils, Drtfosl ent,inllots,th wol Cnofstheetvauabet.Acity su NEIIY ad PLANTof thes weuctkownemils, the Cannsreaertportio recntl fitedup y Mser. Hall The Dlartodbnlude aess n5 early unexw 20-hose poer duble ylindrtslam-ngae wiymoethSn,pumpe, and monesaf,aeyhos dIto, m-o hghaprssur dito awipthblon-e desngoreceivrer,a4-os oe ta eir 0sda1-os moachine,-BleachngW.e.WperTIMarsAll'spm, WteIlsoun'scu3ttin mahne,u and ynmer mill utvensils, and2 eforts also the afeneat an2 QgEnuNeToshlY frIue and af va malo rellrefhoieold wad ime,. Cadtatlousmy bejobnngthIedo thieprem saise:nt h BullWn Hotel,e Doart-n fordlof W. SRricltrdse . and baldingior 3 Cn onsreetweLst,lcry; n ofMess.oala nd rBucklaud,uteers, P5,Chragnnon;sre wes. Wce. EndL WhtwileSin onelm , at teo aoso the ry mhd prisice an (aLf nthed)1 moneyalloedgtoremai Lndon mrgae IfC ands atheptable Offmer Is.mad on o beOretES24th enst.Lb A C MyTIoN,-byardr. ontHeFWH.TTI i9HAJsI, attheBul nn Ioyston. clrodes.on Wua,tedn2sday Novebr,.a IfrSin the2 afteroly aon, n 2 lola,~~~~~~~~~~~~S ~EVENT acre of vluab FreeoldLn.niae The valuable gtock of frst-cls&s wines. M uESSRS. OXE-NIEbAIcr are instructed by the, iY Trustees to SELL by A.UCTIO,ttheir Rooms, 313,xford. street, near the Pantheon. Tomorrow, N Ovember 17, without the least reere the STOCK Of fiet-che WIN-Es, lying In the cellars at St. BaTlour's Dock, Southwark, clao to London-bridge,w a they wibe delVered to the purchasers; ompring about l ozetisof old cruetth Portof the beat hippers, somo extraordinary lnue, 22 dozems of wBito Port, el dozre of sruperior Sherry, also btadeir, Moselle BucellasB Colares, ko. The bonded kw)ne, ooneit ofBtwo butts, fire soggheadna and six quarter casks of Shbny and two hogsheads of white Port. lYin In the London and St. Katharne's Docks, The wines maky be Inspected and teted at the celars the day prior, and also tastd t the time ot sale, Cataloguescan b oobtainedrof Boeot cQuiterand Bal.cowut auta.d57, Coleman-street, city; and at MeEsms Oxeuhham's OHRes,SSi Oxford-street, where samples may behdW on Dsymet,t and tastin order for the wine In bond. ousehold Fu,rnItre 20 Brutees orpetin quantity of Floor-cloth, and Effects, removed from a Olub-hours at tho west end. R. .1 HOAS iUSELL by AU7CTIGN, at car isn othlerytablo Lobfoulen,arge chme n ieTlse, eliin famediin tble, idbord. eeffnleS, &Ibrar NTab'16, waths6 'cl tabls,I cSHests ofdae o aDmrobs,cina, glamwk an Pollee Clothing and S..-t BOOTH's warehouse, 21, Budgrow ,n T19, at 2 'clock precisely, by Orde of the R- ceIe of Merpltau Police. IX Thouisaznd Blue Body Costs, geat costs, 3Rnd Ps capes, 12 cloaks, sOO trousers 5No linen sheets,blaket, rugs, and oltber ktorer. May be viewed on Wednesday and morning o"sle. Catalogues had ot Robert Booth and Son. brokers, 11, Bnd9e.row. At the London Comnercial Sale Rooms. NIncing-lane, Tower-street. on hurday th 2th Nov. at 12 for 1pecisly withOut reserve TEIW Thneid Seven Hunc=rc Dozens of very
