DEA\THS. On the 15th inst. at her hotise in Hertford-street, myfair, the Countess of Stradbroke, aged S6. On the 14th of October. at the Elms, Red River. after a life of great usefulnes, deeply regretted by all, Mr. John Pritchard, in hisT9thyear. On the IQth of November last, near Meenit, Cclonel WlVliam Miner Xevillc Sturt. of the HLEI. Company's Service. On the 29th nit. at Exeter, of rheumat-c disease of the heart. CcrdeliaForbes, daughter of James Forbes, Esq., Britishl Consul at St. Jago de Cuba. On the 2Sth .lt., at 5MadeLc, Mm, Bright, of Totterton, Salop, in her l1 t year. On the it nIt., at VIagapataum, East Indies, Fancis Augustus Erett, Eon.. 43d Madras Malice Iiifantrc yonu2est son of the late Rev. J. George Brett, of Ranelagh. Chelsea. aged 29. On the lthins'., Irary, wife of Mr. Josaph Smout, a"ed67, suddenly, deeply regretted. On the llth inst., at Hare Hatch, }erks, Edmiund Whitfdeld AMPar, Msq.. aged TS. On the 1'th inst.. at the residence of her brother-in-law, Mr. W. Esoth, 64, Virgnia-terrace. Dover-road. Elizabeth, the beloved wife of W. C'ark, Eisq, of BHxley-heath, Kent. *On the 13th inst.. at Croydon, William EEaves, son of Edward and rmilyBusbyZohrab. aged 4years and 12 '.ays, , On the 13th inst., aged 19. Charles Dowlcy Crippen, gon and only thhlsd of Mr. Charles Crippen, of Iomerton, and 3, Bartholomewlane, city. On the 13th inst.. at CLarence Cottage. Bridge-road. St. John's-wood, of diseaseof the heart, Mrs. Milligan, fornerly of Vere-street, in her 72d year. On Tuesday List, at his residence, No. 12, Brompton-row, Wiam James MeCarctney, Esq. On the 13th inst. at BelTgrave ViUa, Tnmbridge-wells, in his 6°d year. 3Renijanin Coles,Esq., surveyor ottaxes for the diierict. much respected by al who know Wim. On the 1;th inst., at his residence, -No. 4;. Ceannbrygnure, Mlington. Matthew Hartley Hollyer. E sq., aged 76. On the 14th inst., at Plchester. 3tarion the dearly belovedr ansd eldes, daughter of William and Mrary Steele. in her 10th year. On the 14th instb. 3r. William Cheesman, formerly of Beltering, Yaldmg, Xent, aged 6S. On the 14th inst.. at the residence of his father, Northarnpton Villa, Canonbury-park, Mr. Ricb3rdtCook Smith. who watheyoungestsur- iring eon ot MEr. Jonas Smith, of the Dividend Pay 0ffice. BLakof Eagland, after a long iUness, borne with Christian resignation. Onthel.4thinst.inhis7'P7hyear,.at his son's residence, Glenmohrterrace, BLackheath. Edward Warren. E-.. lante of Burton-street, Burton-crescent. sixth son of the late Richard Warren, M.D., physician to lis Majesty King George IM. 'On the 14th inst,. at 4. Bondt-street, rentonvflle. Willilam Coolk, P-q., M3anager in london of tire Scttish Ekutable Life Assurance Socety, formerly Civil Cormnissioner of the Niger Expedition. and ComMnnder of the barqr.e Carnbria at the rescuec of tUe crew andpasengess of the Kent, East Indinamn, aged 6S. On the lth inst., at 7, Duncan-place, Isington, HIensy Mnn,nEr_, lbias 0thyear. On the 15th inst., at Ieston-park, Wilts, aged Sl, Mmr. FnIler, relict of the late John Fuller, E sq. On the 15th inst.. at Clapton, after a lingering mInesa, Mfr. William Fleldwick- .aged 13. On the 1ith inst., deeplyregretted, at the house of her son, 42, ParBIanent-street, .Mrs. Boyes, aged aT. On tac 15tU inst.. Josceph Dowson, Essq., of Champion-hill, Camberwell. Surrey, in his 75th year. OnthelUth inst., at Farnham, Elizabeth, widow of the latelHenry Nichols-, Fsq., aged 52, On the 16t'n inst,. to the inexpressible sorw of her adilcted husband and family, aLso dleeply regretted by a larg cidrcle of friends, M1aynard, th.e belesed editof Stear-Adenlra Eliot, in tlr 43d year of he- Thsiestimazble and highiygifted lady was fourth eari0note'r orf t$ linteGeorge Baring. E:sq., and g.randdaughter of the late Sir Francis Baring. Bar., of Stratton, intheceorntyof HIaute. onthe 16thinst., at the residence of his motlher IS. Tunbridge-place, f.-om asevere attack of bronehitis. Thomas Taylor Feuer, of No. 161, A'lbasy-street, Regent`s-parlc. aged 42.
COUAr OP.ATDERV t : Yesterday a Court was held for the 4dekhof rsl4 -~ STATE ' OF O 0 -OSS-Mmur r1nO WM Woodthorpe read the followVig repp,fniri t!4 Governor "State of the Debtoe le, n, y16, _ MJfen. WOmen.4 MiddlePX - 183 1U .,. 194 Giltspur 25 = . 2 "I beg respetWy to reSotto your Hon Court thali thenumwber ofcommitments ortheyearendingihe3lstiltb shows an increase of 389. 'The prisoners have generlly beea healthy during tTUh past quarter, consideringthe sudden changes of tempcratur -nthat period. "1 In reference to the prison charities, I have to xepori, the receipt of 47L 10s. from the trustees of IAsCktonUS Charity, being the first amount reeived fro-lthem for- many years. During the past twelvemouth 173 debDorir have been assisted from the eharity funds conectied with the prisrn,sat,a cost ofcostL of.996.;67 by the Craven. street Society, and 14 from the Unc dDividend ,ona jof the Insolvent Debtorr Court, making s total of 2M1 prisoners whose discharges have been effected by the reieIt afforded themb " Before closing my report I think it only riht to stt that every facility has been given by the trmstese and other partlesawo have the managemuent nf those chanitiesin afford. ing aid from their funds to the destitute debtors in White. cross,streetPrison. "T. ]3BnBN, ovrnr "To the ight Hon. the Lord ayra .Worshipfl Court of Aldermen." sr. BARtETHoLoScEw's naosrITA. Mr. Woodthorp read the foUowing pDresentment from the, ward inquest of ldeivgate : "The Governors of St. Bartholomew's Ho itd have. affixed on ends gatefthesaidhopitanotie ttpersensi will not be permitted to pass through. the hospitalafter Friday; the loth of June, 155, when the cattle-market wifl cease t4 be held in Smithfield, by which the public are pnrved of a thoroughfare t4 v;hich theyhave hrtoforebeen. Alderman SX-EY said, as the matter has been refer& to the City Soliitor, he wished the report of that learned. officer to be read. The report was read as follows "To THE wORSIFIL THE GENlAL CoA Rr O O - AIDERSIT "Gentlemen,-I have the honour to certify that I have eAnined tae record of roeedmgs in the town clerkesoffice inrelation=to theri t through the square of St. Bartholomevw's Hospital, and have mnade Serches fn. the City Solicitor's office to asoertain whether any le lt proceedings were actually talken against the autTdrities ot the hospital to compel them to open the gates. I do not find that any prosecution wvas comumenced, and I have soie~ reasn for thinking thatsn arrangement G tisfatory to al. parties wfs effected, by which the necessityfor ting p ceedings ceased, huth cannot fndard of theepro ceedings beyond the report in the tostn clerks books. "h I have seen the soietorto St Bartholomeas s weeptal, and he assures me that the Governos are acting underthe advice of counsel, and that it is their intention to ke. the gates closed. They contendthat the publec dere ao. mitted to pass through the yard as s nmatterof faitour, i. consequ3ence of the inconvenience resulting from their havingsto go round the pavement where the catle werte standing on mark-ct-aeys. It appears to me that the fact, as stated, canot be supported by evidence, and that thet reason assigned is wholly insuflicient, as the opening of thegates to the public by day -was not limited to the days on. the hospital declined to s5tiate whEait are thhe profsthor Governors possess as to the fact of their haning fromn imme-- morial time occasionally (mostly once a-year) shut theF gates during the day; but he states that it has been donoe for many years during some hours in the day when th2o-Governors have thoughtproe to do so "I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, " Your most obedient servant, tvCjnsR.rs PHEo4City Soicitor. "Guildhall, July 7,1855."y Alderman SmnucEy said, he should very mnuch deplore thxt7 the members of that court, intheirrepresentative character, sitting there as the guardians of the public highways of the, city, should allow an ancient way like the one in questionto be stopped up upon such insfficient evidence ais thatadduced by the solicitor to the hospital. (Hear, hear.) ltwas either a public right, or it wag hot. He took it for - granted that no feeling of favour or defence to thegovernors of the hospital, of whom the Court formned paitt, ought to prevent their doing their duty as magistrates o£ the city. He would, therefore., move,- " That the matter be referred to the General l]?rposees Committee, with ptower to instruct the City Solcitor totake the opinion of counsel." Sir P. L&usuE seconded the motion. Alderman COPEL&?en.-Why delay by sendingthe matter- to a committee before whoma it was originally brought very'fully in June or TJuy last ? Why not instruct the City' Solicitor to proceed atonce (Hear.) Alderman WnUSO_Q said he had no objection to the reference for the opinion of counsel. Alderman Sins vE then altered his motion, and it read as follows - ThMat the City Solicitor be instructed to obtan cownseiys~ opinion upon the matter, and lay it before the Court at itsnext sitting." Alderman WiRE said, he hoped that that course woul,I. not be taken, as he did not sae the necessity of referring it. to the City Solicitor to take the opinion of coun9el -until the-. whole of the evidence had been collected. (Hear, hear.), He had no objection to the reference to a ionnnittee, ancE. then, if in the judgment of the City Solicitor, the evidence was sufficient to justify-taldng the opinion of counsel, that course could easily be adopted, but until then it was uselessto incur any expense. SirB.l=uam-e have had the evidence before us.L The simple question is, have we the wer to cause thet gats t b ket oen Le usse w~ poerwe have. mittee with power to isrct the Citey Soiio Ptmtotaket FSTABISHMaEST OF BATHS AND WASEHOUSES L'I TFE CITY. A. presentmient from the ward inquest of St. Dmnstan's-, was read, in whichth onglyrecommendedthe estalishmnent of baths and wabouses in that district. Alderman W=SE said, he hoped the city would follow the.- example set them in other parts of the metropohi anct that when the Court of Commoni Council had thLe subject of! the establuihment of baths and washhouses before them, which would be in the course of a few days, they woul& look at the whole question, and not think- of Suo yn non portion only of the citvith them,butconstructthemwhere ever a necessity for their existence was apparent. (ear,. hear.) Sir P. LAusu hoped the Court of Cormon Counoci would have good sense enough not to expend their funds in. the construction of angythilout otI the city. The presentment was then referred to the Court ot3 Common CounciL. WALE3ROO}; WARD. A presetntent from the ward infliest of Walbrooak wa. read, in which they stated that they considered their dutjes3. entirelysuperseded and, therefore, recommendedthe abo- lition of the inquest.fimtion of Alderman SII y said, he believed that the functions of~ the inquests were in reality virtally superseded, and thatit wats desirable that the towtn clerk should inform not only the members of the court, but also the public t large by what law, statutable or otherwise, the inqueste of London. were required to beheld in their respective wards The Town Clerk.-There can be no doubt that corrts-, of this description were heretofore held all over the ldin dom, and it is according to the custom and prescriptivea right of the corporation of London to hold wardmotes o3 this description, in which the most extensive inquiries, if the occaion arose, might be entertained. At present m y- of theirpduties certainly have been interferd with byleeilative enactments. Lately, there have beena presentmentto this Coart of the danger to be apprehended fromn t'he deposit and accumulation of combustible matter in some of the wards. Other matters of a most important charactr,o. deeply concerni th wIlfare and comfort of the citizero,. hvolnobe pus If thwcbmtef r Curt ref rde o onV hvalo been brou orethCorb presentment. (Hear, hear.) y qu I Alderman Scrks .-In the town clerks judgmnent, i- an actof Parliamentnecessary to rbolish the inqutest, orhiave the corporation of London, in Court of lard Mayor,. Aldermen, and Commnon Council assembled, the right toabolish it? Alderman WIlso. said, that was far too grave a questinal. for the town clerk to answer, and he therefore hoped it- Thepresentment was theerred to the General curposes. 31;FRM OF THIE CORIPOBAMO',-. mTh tee, they miht *,ro bal t i nk to dsrablme t take the, oatrpinio of counsel; wbute (aldertuma ilson) rculd iotapouow thepotown cle.rsoinione tombetakee,ponaj subject. of s onmudseimportice wthout prope handt carefu deibetry of Sthte forteseneDeatment was rferre to the GenralPposer. upoin Pa rprlaet fofthe Prileges Cofmitee, orp tiomesbct The Court then adjoulmed.
PIrCAflUK'S ISLAND.-An interstilng eomumuonca.- tion has been received fromn this plwce. The inha'bitant~;. wexe all well an the 14th of September, 185, the date oE the chaplain's letter to the eRv. T. 3. )Iurrsy. They h&&t head of the death of the Czar Nicholas; but, as no newspaper was on board the -Tesel which oonveyed4the inte_Ub. gence.,they weresAM in the dark. Though the,y had sal. feredL some anxiety from a poor yami harvest, they, had a. good stock of sweepotntoes to torn to, andthc '-pinchof the yeas" was past. They were awaiting t'he measures orl Governent for their transfer to -Norfollc Island, aoner having relinquished house-building inL expectu-tion of VAi& important change. It appears, 17 acons rmSyn, that Sir W. Denison, Governor o NsewSunth m syale, i in September last, under binsructions from,home, desptche5 A vesse to Pitcair's Island, with a viewof maldng arragements. 1t, was intendedl- that on her returmt Sydney, atransp shOul& be fitted out, for the pur vsof conveying theei=aders to their newr and beautful abocdes AiD care would be taken iu the rainner of accomplishig the object which they themselves haye sought to attan, aUnd eMUs respect: paid to their aamirable principles and exm-. plryw¶s -r Nobbe stated that, tho church and schoolk ivr elattended.. His eldest son Ecube, mad died of an attack on the lung, the youth having returned frena ValParaiao, where he had helda me-reantile situation, to-ie among his family and be bureon lis native iFland.' xacb, lninnimityprevaied among the people.
OX,ZY-LAMRETar4 CITYIKTBLLIGEiNCE. aWednesday .vehing. l cro i been continued buoyancy in the English findx to-day, and they have closed at a furtler advance of five-eighths percent. The latest tnssactions in Consols for money yesterday were at 6i, anid the first quotation this morning was 86? to Owing to the fact of thoee who are sliposd to receive the best continental information being igai1 large buyers, an impression then became general that the peace negotiations are ptogressing ifavourably, and a rise tookr place to 8Th. Tlhe last ofliciaI prices were 87} for mwoney and 87A for tha account; but an active business coutiniiSed to be transacted afer regular hours, and, although there was then a temporary decline of an eighth, the final bargeains were at a fresh improvement, there bemng ultimately buyers for the account at 8t. The market was likewise zup?orted in the afternoon by the apprehension bhavmg diminished of a further advance this week . in the rate of discount, at the Bunk of England, the drain of bullion, after allowing for the dividends, bring supposed of late not to have made any serious *progres. At the same time there was a considerable abatement in the pressture for money out of doors, and the arrival of 175,000?. by the West india mai La Plata also had a good efifct. During he day a variety of reports wvere spread, one of ifhic14 to the effect that the Buank contemplate an tise of 11.-notes, was wholly ewithout foundati >n. hank Stock left off at 20(k1to 208; Reduced, 87k to i; New Three per Cents., 87; Long Annuities, 3Z; Annuities, 1885, 1G; Exchequerbonds, 9T; and India-bonds and Exchequer-bonds, 7s. to 3s. preniiun. Foreign securities were favolrably influenced by the rise in Consols. A large amount of business w as -trnsacted in Turkish at an advance of nearly li per cent., the principal movement being in the Six pcr Cents. For money purchases were made at 814 - for the account, at 81j, 82, 8IW, 824, 81-1, and t2g. The Guaranteed Four per Cent. Scrip was less dealt in, but the quotation has expelienced an' improvement of about 1 per cent. The final price jesterday was 4, to i. To-day the bargains were .at 4 for money, and , i, an for the account. At the close the quotation was 3? to 4 discount. 'The other operations have conmprised-Chilian Six per Cents., 10J; the Three per Cents., 64; MIexican, for money, 19X; for the account, 191 and .; Peruvian, for account, 74Z; the Three per itents., for the account, 52 and 52X; Sardinian 3Five per Cents., 82k; Spanish New Deferred, for * zoney, 21.2; for the account, 214. At the end of the cfficiid list Peruvian Dollar Bonds arenow quoted, and they this afternoon marked 57. The corn-market this morning was very dull at -therates of Monday. The quotations from the Paris Bourse this evening were not received; but it was presumed a rise -sust have been caused bythe report in the Moniteur from the Finance Mmiister, as wellas by the animation on this side. At Vienna the possibility of -.ctive militarv operations being requiisite, in case tiussia shaU ultimlately refuse the conditions offered, seems to have affected the rate of exchange, which has advanced to 11.3, showing a rise of 2% per cent. -witliin the past week. At a meeting of the London and Westminster Bank, held to-day, the Lord M1ayor presiding, the -dividend declared was at the rate of 6 per cent. per -annum, together with a bonus for the half-year of 5 percent. upon thepaid-up capital (making a total -distribution at the rate of 16 per cent.), and the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated by the chairman that business con-tinues to make satisfactory progress, and that the 'new branch at Temple-bar has fuUy realized the expectations of the directors. Although the war, it was remarked, has recently caused a considerable increase in the value of money, trade has been 'well supported, and the number of failures has been less than in ordinary times. Under these circumstances the banling institutions of the country have been exposed to few losses, and in the case of the London .-nd Westminster Bank they have proved even be- low the average. Owing to the confidence of the public aad of the old customers of the establishment, the amount of deposits has been further augmented, and since the arrangement of the present accounts the totalhas reached nearly 9,000,0001. This confi-dence is believed to be strengthened by the mode of publishing the accounts, distinguishing the large -amounts invested in Government securities and retained as cash in hand. With management such as Las distinguished the past, the directors, therefore, notwiths"anding the appearance of active competi"lion, are encouraged to believe in a continuance of prosperity, and to hope that the dividend, now ranging from 15 to 16 per cent. per annum, if it be not increased, may, at all events, be maintained. The .discussion which ensued was principally in re- lation to the position of the reserved fund and the facilities afforded for accommodation, the explanations in connexion with which received general approval, and were followed by a vote of thanks to the lord Mlayorandcdirectors. Subjoined 4 is an abstract of the report and accounts:- "The directorab-ve toreportthat, aftermalingprovision Ior all badand doubtful debtst paian the income-tax, set-in apart 2,0001. towa2rds the new buildings in Lolhbury -2ndBloomsbury, and presenting a gratuity of 10 per cent. -on their salaies to all the officers of the establishment, the net profits of the bank for the last half-year aomunt to '78,4941., which, added to 7,7251., th-e unappropriated profits *of the preceding half-year, ma-e a total of 86,2201. Out of this sum the directors have allowed interest on the rest or .surplns fnDd at the rate of 5 per cent., and they now de. clare a dividend to the sharcholders at the rate of 6 per -cent, per annium, and also a bonus of 5 per cent. upon the waid-up capital. After these payments are made there is a kalanceof 2,%773. to be transferred to the rest or surplus 3tund, which now amounts to 144,109L. LONDON AND WESTMIINSTER BANK, DrEc. 31, 1855. DR. £ . d. Toproprictorsforraid-upcapital.. . ..000 0 0 To amount due by the bank on deposits, circular note, , .. . .. .. .. .. . . . .5744,M5 5 9 'Torestorsurplusfund. 137,S9 14 2 TobaIanca of profit and lss ccoun .. .. .. 7725 16 9 -ITonetprotso fthepastbalf-ear 7...494 8 5 £9,965il0d 5s 4y Govcrrunent Stock, Exchequer-bills. Iachequer- bond3, and India-bonds .. . . 1,949,0 13 1 By otlier secuiitie,. includir bills discounted, loans to Cedtorners. a.c.71,274 lo 9 Dreashinhand ........ .. ... .. ZiS6 £9.968.20S 5 1 PaorrT ANSD Loss. 'To total ecpenditure of the seven ettablishments, including rent, taxes, salaries, stationesy, &c.. with a gratuity of 10 per cent. on their alaries to the officer ofthe establishment .. . . 29,891 14 i To amount set apart towards the new buildings in Lothbury ad Bloonsbury ..2 .. .. 7,000 0 To payment of the dividend now declared, at the rate of 6 per oent per acnum, for the last half- year, on t'ae paid-up capital £1,o000,00 .. 30,000 0 0 'To bonus otS per cent, on the capital. . 50,0O O Torest or surplus fund:- Amount on July 1,1855 .. .. £137.88 14 2 Interest on ditto, at 5 per cent 3,447 410 .alance of profit and logs c- coinc ....... . 22773 0 4 144100 19 4 £256,001 13S Byrestorsurplusfand .37.891 2 By balanwe of profit and lesS account on the 30th of .une, 1815.. 7,725 16 By gross profits ofthe lat half-year, after paying the income-tax, and makingprovision forall bad mnddoubtful debts.. 110,6 2 9 4£95,001 13 8 Bly blance oi nmunropristedprofitabroughtdown £144109 19 4 The dispute at Liverpool betreent Mlessrs. Brainley MIoore andCo. and the IeceiverofttheeDroits, -ith regard to fees charged in respect to the salvage -of a chain and anchor dropped from the Pied-nez, babeea termiinated by the Board Of Trade having directed the 3Receiver to return; the amount. The case excited mussch interest anmong the shipowsners at iat port, not from its intrin3sic importance, but Irom itsbeing considered to afford a means of testing a general principle. In their reply to the Board of ade, acoknowledgingm the award, Me. Bramley Mfoore andt Co. state it to be msatter of notoriety that a systematic plan of plundering ships is caried on in the - ersey; that it i% nso uncgmmor, thing for the buoys of anchors to be cut away, In order that the anchors -may afterwards be sicked ap as salvage; and that, -in their opinion, the feem claimable in such casees operate to preyent Be system from being igorously put down. The WFine Duties' Eeduction Commitfee have just fsined their annual report, but the political -Aitua-m lion of the country hasprevented them from makdng rauh progrew. Subjoined are -the-principal -paragraphs 6 The committee haenot:oftanyopportunityof fn - he subject understood in very important districte; nad they feel justiSd ini saying they hime tceivredan immense cesion ~of strength among themafacr oand ercisl &lases tmrouhost 1tme countr. -Vie*ed in: reference I to tfie dllanceh*een France a-sG-Great BHiain and the ~jMI7. Ga;rXiz GtqtflMiS tht,Sr lowing up between the two countries; * eV also the great reductions effected by tho French Empe dng the last X-ear npon articlexs of Englih produce and' t5 cue t appear.s to the comnittee bepond a -out.' tiat the liberal viwls expressed by Lord Plmerston w-il induce hus Governlment, tthe irst favourable moment, to' gli tl3is praetical proof of its adhereixce to the principlei { > ce ennc ceovlitec. "An regards two other great wine-producing countries, r~taga and Spaim, it is satisfactory to observe the progress raxde y the Governments of those two ounties in a libe sense, it appearingb areturn presented Last session by command of Her Mjesty to the Houses of Parlisunen, that the former country has between tho years 3 and 15S made reductions upon English goods from 20 up to 08 r cent and in Spain iron tools, copper ore, and zinic havo cn declared free, aad a comnmission has been sitting at Madhid for some time past, with the sanction of the Governmnent and the Cortes, having for its object a general reduction of the tariff upoD foreign gOOds (especially English); "In its moral aspect the committee feel asiured the question is making rapid progress in public opinion. The excessive use of ardent spirits, the crnmes andwickednes; that follow, and the consequent demo.-alization of the people, with the sad results, national as well as individual, that ensuo, must be patent to al.L At all events, when wo pride ormelves upon adop free trade as our policy, it is absurd to prevent the uso of one of the most wholesome products of the earth coming into competition with an admitted poison, merely because the former happens to be the produce of foreign countries. " The committee are in possession of important daaea upon the subject of wines, the produce of some portions of the United States and Australa, which lesd them to the conclusion that no apprehension need be entertained that a sulficient supply for any demand will not be met in addition to that aIreadysupplied by European conntries."
..TBADE REAPORT. SuaAiI.-There ereh only two public sale of ugar,which sold as follows .-1,778 bags Brazil at 3Zs. to 38s. G;. for brown, and 41s. to 46s. 6d. for middling to fine white; 81 ea.es brown Bahia brought 36s. to 40s. per cwt. ; and 419 bags low brown 3Mauritius 33s. 6d. to 34s. per cwt. The pnceson the whole aro lower. Of West India, privately, 88 hhds. have found buyers. Late yesterday from 2,000 to 3,C00 bags Mauritins and other sorts were reported sold for refining purposes. CovIr.-The auctions consisted of 200 casks 260 barrels and bags plantation, 200 bag native Ceylon, and 234 bags Padang and garblings. A good deal was bought in, and the small portion sold was in favour of the buyer. TF.A.-ThepubEc sales which commenced yesterdayconeluded to-day. There is no improvement in the tone of the market. During their progress 2,033 packages of Assam wold at lower pces than those obtained at the last sale, but the teas were generally inferior to those then offered. Some small parcels of fine Souchong realied a high price. R1ic.-^-The private transactions reported to-day. comprse :300 tons Bdlam on arrival, at 12s. cx ship, or 12s. Gd. if landed; 100 tons Bengal of the new crop, at tos. per cwl if landed; adnd a nooating cargo of about 400tns Miadras rike. S.ALTPEThE.-023 bags Bombay sold cheaply, 24s. for 13 per cent, refr.action, Xhs to 23Ks. Gd. for 32i to 29j per cent. Prvtl yesterday 750 b.ags of Bengal wecre disposed of, at about 3s.* 3. tor 10Oper cent, refraction. LO-DroO.-177 serons Guatemala in public sale to-day sold at 2d. to 3d. advance on October pr^zces.
THE COBZV TRADE. VOPU-MXOHANME WED'-EDAZT JA?. 15 Th nTbOf grain. IaTe not been extensive, but, ou the average they have aNghtly increa.9ed There is little activity in businem. Znd in sonme cae the tn in prices is rather levser. Wheat eihbitan geat alteration. S.FO TxDAY, JAX. 15. i Wha i &t t f er quar dare han last Tuesdiay, lug L,lgher. and not rauch onx themarket. Bleim and oats ini favour of theI a DVDBELIIN, JA. 15. 7her wm athe a etter feeling than for some time at our Corn. xchange to-day: and, owing to the improvement in the Enih market,% all deeriptions of grain wemreather dearer. We note whnit and barley6d., and oatis d. to 6d. higher than on Friday. Scarcely any~thing don,z int[ndiaa cor. and weecdo not alter ourIwst onuattiet-
RAMLwAY AND frNING SHAzs. Wednesdy Ereeig. and prices in some cases advanced from lOs. to H. per share. The operations were on a moro exten. iive scale, the advance being woll supported to the 4*. In the shares of the Alutrafn land and Wn'king comp&nie th,er was no material altera. 'n, but quotations were malantained with firmnes. T.fand miacellaneos hares were neglected. cana , snd were operated in jit 125, and were finally quotC4120 to 125. Ai^T,>Aut 8XARs3 .A2in sroote
TEM AnnMlI`i CLOTH ROBBERY AT CHnLwEni Yesterday an inquest was held at the Leeds Court-house, before Mfr. Blackburn, borough coroner, on the body of David Steel, who had died from a gunshot vound received during a struggle which took place on Sur,day morning iast, on the hremises of Messre Crowther and Co., woollen cloth manufacturers, of Churweli, beuteen a gang of thieves and a number of watchers. The pricipal facts hare already appeared in Tle Timre, and the evdence tendered on t is eccasire showed that after the thieves cameo out of the mill two of the watchers, named toproyd and HIint, rushed florwsard, the latter caUing out to thed thioves, " If von don't stand, hll fire i" Immediately afterwuards eartoyd wos koled down, and then a shot wai s fired by t ththieves, apparently froma a pistol Hndt heard the wiiz of the shot as it passed cluse to 1dm en the mght side, and he immediately fisre in the directon of the thieves. The deceased then ran past him in the direction of the wvatehhouse, thich communicates with the road, but fell near the door. He lay there for a short time, until the oather thieves had been secured after a very desperate m truggle, wvhen be w as found in an exhausted state. He wvas removed to the l,eeds Infirmnary, where he died on Tnesday morning. After a lengthened inquiry, the jury returned a verdict of "justifiable homicide.'t Richardson, one orf the watchmen, who was seriously injured, is recovering. The exanduiation of the prisoners will take place on Friday uorning, and not M onday morning, as originaUy intended, aS the death of Steel renders so lengthened an adjourn;ment unnecessary. A WAn Ox-We gather the folowing from the Perrh,shire Adrertiser' :-An ox belonging to Mr. Thomson, a farmer of iElho, broke loose, and when next heard of was in a perfectly wild state, and ravaging the country eround. Various tactics were adoptedto capture or shoot it, but the animal seemed to know the real range of a ride shot-even its scent appeared to have become as acute as 1hat of a red deer-so that it was impossible to surprise it at its favourite repast in the barnyard. A few days ago (we quote the Advertiser) the obnoxious brute was seen sump. tuously feasting itself in a stackyard. Suddenly it seemed to know that preparation w-as being made for its capture, and went off with its tail in the air as usual, clearin" hedges and ditches with as much ease as if it had been a thorough-bred hunter. In a short time the country got awakened to what was going on. Everyone grasped a fork, a spade or something else; whiz went the hullets nwonderfully rapid succession, and past rushed the wild chase like a whirlwind. Over height, over hollow, through nmss, and through moor,dykes, ditches, wilds, and woodlands were cleared with a celerity that mocked at space. Four bals had now taken effect, but the animal unflaggingly pressed on, and, leaving the hill range, thundered away among the woods of Bacgowsan. Aboutnine miles had alreadybeen goneover; and, although the horsewas begminng to flag, the ox appeared vigorous as ever, Gaining by a double, another abut was fired, which, taking effect, rendered it defiant in 'brturn, and, wheeling upon itS pursuen, the tide of war had evory appearance of showinga melancholy reverse, and in allprobability would havedoneso bad the infuriated beast,in its eagernies, not slipped a foot and tumbled into the Powv, where another shot rendered itlifeless.- [Advertisement]-"' Bachel Gray," a tale, by 3ullia Ra- ingswtrzywrought fromthehumbtest and simplest materials: but the interest is genunei and the story is narrated with grace and ilsl A sonngseamstress, neitherbeautifulnorclever, is theheroine. Ther is neither lore nor the shadow ofaloverin thewvholebook. The heroine egins and ends unmarried; yet the interest is enstained, and-the reader's sympathy never fails. The homnely dletails warangwhiehx RneheA beesmifpassed are made beautiful andaloest saint-hlke, bythe sentle, single-minded obedience, with which they sae fllled. No one ,can read thstery-sadnot Ieela good induencefrom it. Thecharactcm are vigorously sketched, and have a life-lik-e reality about themn lYe heartily recommend this story. and shall rejoice when Miss Kawanagh wigive us another equalygood.'-Athenaunn - fAdvertisement.]-" Dilck Tarleton; or, Lessons of Life," is the title of the new tale by John Frederick Smith (the talented author of" Mlinnie Grey," "The Soldier of Fortune," hc.) nui publish. log weekly in "CeCa's Mllustrated Famiy PaperY It exoeeds, as to riot, strking incidents, remarkable developments of. character. and general mteret, anything hitherto written by this popular author. The demand for the back numbers of this periodical is qontiauous and gressing; but. as this derand cannot be met without coesiderable additionai cost in the prodnction, and consequently an increased charge to theaosers thorlepiohl are resipectfuly requested to give their ceders theirbookselersinsufficenttimetoadmitof theirbeing included in the regar weeklv e. Advertisement}-" WhatEverybody Sayg must be True." - Tl saying ls pbPaPrUlyaplcable td books. Hence, when a good tokai,eas i eoe the duty of all to itTh"aml Friend volmmeforl855, 2L6d ,p the" Praclical HosewifeS 2.L 6d. and " Treasures inKeedlwork,1 Ss.C6&, ricbly gilt, are meet stronglj. recommended bnearlrevere new.papereditor. One reviewer of the "Family Fiend" sas"Suchamasse usefel instructive.5anl enter. taiig atrasit containsxisnzowbereeise tobe found; whilethes "Practical Housewife°"is spokenoto as awork of great utility," that "our readers, fesecill the wives and mothers among them, arhuld get withoua day's eera;" whileo " Tr e aseur eagIn Ne Xedlwoark"I asalId S o bre d "teba-i apresent." WWarand leck, LFleetatee, fa -EAdvertisement.]-" Inside Sebastopo"-If cs Capman and Hall beg to announce thatthis workl which ba ausvd so much expectation, was delivered by them to the tradle on the 4iWnt. and may now be bad st all bookselUemrsand cie ruating libraies 4t isL. published in ohhandome SrD velunse, 'With ilustraive us--aud itsrie is 1Zk 6dL. catlrenthePcnt.Tpheo aSnnday TirneP of Jt b i 2prtec Si, stamped 6d ,wMleontainmthe latstoruicislndtelegm3D'cdadMtchaez relative te th6 Ie ce zopositionm, aDd their reept}on-thFfrintt oftbs old andprset of the nsw Campaign-Important Micriserial and Poltical Itllienuce- Social Evils and their Rmedies-the WaroonLtrea in Paris-Unotlted Condticonet theMetropolis-An}b,ay. b Gierill-e prooke-tet gele_Poisonis CasetCaw; cxclusretoforitlen up to the latest momanet-tovemnena in Anrenca-Xonetary and Comercal tat oftheCeutryousderd-Rxieof theLondon. Itaceta-Lttsertue aotfih<noe Arta-4jaw Peolirebnd OCiminl- Courts -Mh3iol and the Draa, at heome aDd abroad-the ItviMtaimkh ros- eac inopatSoi th otstKet)s&w ek Pe19i;
I- iRWAY IHBELMLrGCE. LONDON AND SOUTH-WESTERN. A , "19 Othis company was held yesteray at the Wattrloo.road.Aation to consider the propriety of sanctiOninUg a propeae.OI§Oi°on line to Exeter, and alsoa rn agreemen, wi the Sasbur and Yeovil CompanyMr. W. J. Chaplai, 2d - in the cair. I The Scretary red the epor, an al bsIract of which bas appeared-in Tl- ,icms. Thero were two mat in tuihe room, & rovided by tie boudof dwtor w ch waa admnitted *oWx errneous In seoine particulars a d tho other by Mr. Dick. uOn, froIRthO IOrduanoe Suirvey. In epl *0Mr.l'tkcr~,it wagataedthat toe corn. |=~ttee of directors who recommended the shareholcr sto theachairma; Mr. Dutton e, cons of -'±11 URAHMAN iaid, they were aware'tihat -The report recommended the &doption of the oentral line, aLnd as the report °sbof oinme length lk need niot trouble tt| m cicth any olservations, as they al laeT* be was in favour of the central lin. It would be whicS dU to r- in ationofvtere SotWresolution for the adotinfh lretl la een irculated a rg the sbalarholders and C the agreenear t with the Salisbury and Yeovil Comgo sowihrothe frst place, with regard to '-he coas ne - fo )sheater to Exeter, he had boen inducel to look at the re)ut of coast lines geerally, and he foumi that their sbsares wem at a tonsidersalediscount. Hoe woi d refer them ta, the railway press to show that a consider-able number of coest rmes paid no dividend on the original stoak, and on comiderhn the natter he did not think that wasr;uch to be wondered at, because half the space of the distrfcl to which a railway mnay fairly look for traffio was occupied by the', sea, and if the ports on the coast did not admit of considerable trafc in mercdandise, such as Southamptot, Hull andotder places, itfollowed thatsuch.lines were uatprodiictim On their coast line there weered Lington, Sidusouthe and other ports which offered considerable facilif$es for sai-lin vessels 'to convey corn, su mr, ' beir, andt other- thin~ along the coast, which o4rmed ve'ry powerful rivls to the goods busine of the railway. :The coat line woudr also ho subject to the influence of compting lines in, the district. Then, in, as to distance fromn Y.eter, it -was 27A miles longe$r atgn the central line, and the working of the through traffic on the lonugr lino would be:- founitto add greatly to the expenses. Thety would fndtlltia all cases whero railway competition had arisen between. n omt peting lines they settled down into charging 7onse fare. p 10he fares were generaly all the sauei on comp ak e lnca except in some case, where the longer le arre sar fares to get traffic. They would bavefrmr sc.t i snaking the central line than the coatln.fthypceeded to miake the coast line from BrdrtoDrhee, it would cost them 700,0001., and theyoudhvtoor for the advantage of a, line from Biridpr to Maiden 2Newtown. Then if another company were tomak-e the lie from Yeovil to Axminster teir chance of remnuneratioux from the coast line ;;oul'd be entiraely hopele They might say it would never be made;- but there were mistance eniough of that kind in the hitry of other railways. to show the probability of -its being made,- and there couldV be no doubt that the traffic would go by the direst line;. He did not k-now howmnuch they had expended in obtaminiag powers to make the Salisbury and Yeovil line-, but they had! been. afterwards abandoned by the shareholders. It was: now proposed byanothercompany to mak-eit, andthie SouthWestern Company hadl offered tD work thie line and to allovwa rebate of 25 per cent, of the traffic brought from that line. The directors were well aware of the prejudie of the proprietors against extension lines, and there fore they did not oppose another company occupying-the district. 'Ihat company had acted very fairly toward the Southl-WesternL em anl ,and they had agreed to give up their claim to the rebate of 25 per cent., provided they (the South-Wsen niade the extension line from Teov il to Exeter,, andl lent them, should they require it, 100,0001. towards the construe. tion of the Salisbury anid Yeovil line. On the whole, he thtought there would' be greater economny and sewurity by adoptig the central line instead of the coast line, Tey would have five years to construct it in, and there was no occasion to put their lhands in their pocket for calls to make ht as t tere had given them power to borrow the mnoney on Joan. Considering thtvithin the last two years half the board consisted of new blood infused into it by the shareholders, and that the board so constitued wassxinanionson the question of the extension line, be hoped the shareholders would, that day, by their vote oDnfnam the recomomendations of the board, and he had no doubt they would succeed beyond. their expectations at a futare day. He concluded byrmoviing that the report be received andadopted, and that the agreement bo entered into with ther Salisbury and Yeovil Company. ASHAnr,.ROraDm said, he agreed in al that the Chairman. had stated, but be WishLed to know whether thLe Salisbury and Yeovxl Company wouldl be able to go on wsith their line vithout the 100.0001. proposed to be subscribed by the South-Western Company? The CumR,IAIe said that he ladl received a letter fromi the solicitor of the Salisbury and Yeovyil Compay, which stated that nineteen-twentieths of the shareho=lders on their lis were locally interested, and the directors had no doubt that they would be able to carry out faithfully their arransgements with the company. The estimate for the works woucld not be exceeded, as they had tenders from responsible contractors to that effect. It was not certain that they would reuie the 100,0001., and at all events it would not be advane until the Salisbmry and Yeovil CompanY had expended 150,0001. The shares were chiefly held by a large number of small holders, but there were a fewv large shareholders mrT. wOOD, at considerable length, went into statistics of the population of the district, vith a view to show that neitherof the pro;osed lines vould pay a dividend. Re reminded the chaurman of a speech he hadmade tothe I shareholders in 1852, in which he toldthem that the exten-I sion line to Exeter would pay 6 per cent., and, not content with that, added, from his (the chairman's) experience of railways, that it would yield 8 per cent. on the outlay. He said the Bridport Company would allow them to lay down the narrow gauge on their line, which would reduce the length of the Dorchester and Exeter Extension to 38 miles, which would save them an outlay of 240,000!. The Yeovil and Exeter line, when finshed, would cost them 744,0001, and would pay nothing at alL He estimated that if they expended 6500001. on that line the South-Western would lose 30,0001. a-year by it. Ee had no confidince in the chairman's statements with regard to those lines. Mr. DclcExsox begged to say that the director's report was an illusory and treacherous document. With regard to the extension, it was the great object of the chairman to get a line made from Salisbury to Exeter. He contended that the Salisbury and Yeovil Company was not a opn2 fthe company. Hetheniwentthrouh aalist of subscribers totheuldertakmg, with a view to show that when calls were made the money would not be forthcoming, and that not mnore than 63,000? of the capital could be calculated upon, and therefore the South-Western Company would have to fnd the remainder of the money to make the hlne, which would be a serious thing for the shareholders. It was all very well to say that the Marquis of Westminster, Lord Ashburton, and other influential noblemen and gentlemen, would subscribe, but it was not likely that thev would exceeed their present subscription in case the other; should fail to pay up. He (Mr. Dickenson) had employed an engineer to go over the line, and from the most careful estimate he could form he was of opinion that the Salisbury and Yeovil line would cost GO,0001. That was 200,0001. over the estimate. . He then read a list of cuttings on the line, from 23 feet to 60 feet in depth, and of embankments from 33 feet to 60 feetinheight. Thebridgesand otherworkswere numerous and heavy. The gradients were not unfavourable, the ruling one being 1 In 155. He had no confidence in the estimates of the compa's engineer, and Was of opinion that, if the Salisbury and Yeoml Company could find 150,000. towvards the undertaking, the SouthWestern, when they got into it, would have to find the remnaining 450,0001. They would also have to construct the lIe from Yeovil to Exeter. The map in the room furnished by the directors was a very incorrect one. The present I line fran Yeovil to Exeter was only six miles longer than the line proposed by the directors, and there could be no doubt they would have plenty of competition for the traffic, but it did not matter so that they carried into effect the grand object of the chairman. He (Mr. Dickenson) then read a portion of a statement respecting the South-Western Company that appeared in V7icTimes of Monday, showgi. that the average cost of the main line had been 2S,00T. per mle, while that of 161 mites of branchline, subsequently added to the system, avera"ed 44,0001. per mile, exclusive of 1,000,0001. expendedon the two miles of extension line to Waterloo-roid. The average cost of the present lines open for traffic was -33,250.. per mile. They were now iiled upon to make a railway at 10,0001. per mile; this he considered was a fiction; they could do no suchthing. They would find that they would be caUed upon from time to time to increase the outlay until the cost would come np to the general average. The estimated cost would prove as false asth map of the district now exliibited to them. There should beahn end of alliances to foreign lines. The company had already expended 350,0001. on the branch from Basingstoke to SO isbury, and it would cost 500,0DOI. It passed through a difficult country, similar to that from Salisbury to Yeovil. He asked them to pause in their desperate carcer.of self-destrucijon ia maldng lines that would never pay. They were always doing one thing f6r fear of another, like t'he Great Western, who at one time paid honest dividends of S per cent. per anum; they must go toWeymouth sad exuend a lot of money*; theymust then go to Liverpool andspend more, so thatimthecourseoftime they brought dow;n tue 8 per cent. dividend to 2 per cent. Oa the same principle, he contended that they wonldflndthey would have to malce a double line to Exeter, and the result would be that it would cost them 3,000,OO., which was about the cost of their main liae to Southampton and Gof'port, and was about the same length. He concluded by moving that the report be re5ected. - Mr. HEPS- seconded tho amendment. ]r. D. SE}inouB, Chauman of the Salisbury and Yeovil Company, eontended that h-s company was a bondfidc one. They ad the support of all the lantowners in the district5 who had saffered most seriousl from the oppositionof the 'Great Wester to the liee; The greatest anxiety for the linehadbeenfeltinthe distriit ever since 1816. 'If the South-westeri would give them the assistanceof100,Vthey wouldnot equire one penny more ,from them.' Ea believed that Mr. Thckensn ha:d been greatly misled wth regard to the subscription list;. they had 35D shareholders. The landholders1had agreed to give the lnd for the'zailwa !at its ayi cultural valu, -which wourld mske a great diffe. Tence ilt- its cost. -.A responsible contractor- hadagre6dto make the line-for 300,0DM. as a single line, and for 450,0OQD. Ma double line. lt iyold form part-of a straight linefroiox -London to Exeter, and he ihould like tok"noW why`th4 Great Western had opposed it. -Mr. Dickenson had sta'cet izihisletterit6 The 1aT s that the traffic from-ExeteS ,ent ;i2orth andasouth, and. aoteastand vest. The M ear ,swas it could go no pther. way by railway at present. lat- when, The direct Thie fromLondon to Exeter was ma;^eI it woudgoby tFt route. : - TheBasinetole and SalisbZrr line oad 7 not << ianybilestbS5hei sbUry.uand:zovillin3weou '-tiE¢Wi4t*> ,sJhc'hZ *se h his jq¢tlt M ieb. L : ... ,in 2l:i Timc;, re rrting the condact and motives Io c the di,ctors with. re t o the exteision line . Mr. Dick-ENSOr slif the letter wM addresed to thsi directors xistke, inAead of to the shareboildrs. He, had nDffiig t tetra, anda would an retract %nypart Of it. EIRLr3 -p1nine ha lsr Dlck"n. observatlon 2ntended to he r Het,_ x4 H dp Led the honour of knowmg some 0 'i~nally, and he had the of kowig sme f the direotomi pej - o r, f hn highest opinion of thei inedy jj e enii°nnto°f teptpyehcn- rnot OoC of them yould merge reintoanytun that was impro er. - -w.e fiRe trie aie thought freedomn of laUV, ag. shoul e aIS. ; fCrathe g eneral interests were conoe hedr and if t=ZSt ouseth een adopted st aue irliSeioad he thouht lesS mistak~es would have been commzittedj tTee direction. He fully agreed with Mr. Dickenson that tthe extension railway would never be made for the eetiumted amount. Mr. emaki e a few years ae had estimated that it -would tost 05,OOt. ,'or a double line, while the(y now assrte that it munlrl I,0 -11 ~ o -- -Ki- -- - raa resplossibie to do anythUgOft e und drme the existeh of and it '%'&s eivident the Biocu i wel ao .~ h money sptNicfied, as they would icquire a double lin hadi head alnething about the mineral traffic of the west; he supposed it was their intetion t extend the l beyond Emetr to the Land',d te then ad. verted to some tvidence which the:cbairman had bven before the cAftZittee of the Holse of Coeisna to the effect that the ' -'Id borrow i e t4 r cent H1 e complaimed that thx.gei'tlemen bts h oteaiant the extension line had -ote:eceived ny pn ; altltough they had receive dKi7: of tlwreporS P Thoe Scnra,iy said,t xes v re enhe1 tlr the reports at the printer's d Gce L-i enve8e d b their clerks, but he had recivoed 2Z letIrm hlu Mders, compla .inung that pro,3 had uot encleeed: andhehad them forwardeto e parties.: In that upwards of 4,000 proxies we.V sent of t ffie- share hrAdess, and he hopea they hadlreeived thitlith. Mfr. UZIEt explained that the'aktement of VRe-chairan -s perfectly correctatthet*rtitV rpecIto'tho' z3te atwhlachthemoney could be bore ed, uiu he- kd!no 8oaubtitat by taking theaverageofs ariesofyeamthesy -muld brow the money to make t*t. extension linas for' 4per cent, as stated by the chaicrrmoy That was- the' average te they had paid for mcney f&ome the commence-- xuent. Thenet aunual income of the cMenZm, after pa-iigm l expeMq, and the interest on 2,500W,Ck , iamountei to; u, . S0ndision among the sharehcA rs- There was no fo bntey cold borrow the sdditio-imi O03,000r. fore the eXtensriDn line on favourable terns. General H uTc sovsaid, he had every c ence in the directors, and Loped the shareholders wouk-lsiimetion the measures propond by them. 31rS SN;V wibed to know whether the bcnqla had made any peoposeett thee Bristol and Exeter and Gma; Western. aonmpaniesewith regard to carrying out the ext:eon line to Exeter ui thekast vobjectionable manner, and ds worling lie traffic? Tlle a rna ,- mid, that when the board ki'ow the decision- of Parlianee,t with respect to the exter-ion. they se,reed toiieite theGSt Western and Bristol MOd Exoter direetorsto'confer ih them on the subject, but, cm applieaton.to'them. fow tle purpose, he was sorry tc'say the aifectors-of thosecorpwnes had declined to meet therrL Mfr_ Snsow said, with regard to the traffic on the-direct lne, he, remembered the time when there was only onecoach, runningubetweeor.Extcrand Bristol, whil6e thervwere - nineheaches be-w eenEater an d Salisbury. That was an in - dination of'what tE-tra1cw rould be on the central line s4fen the o0d route' was- restored If they refused -to mak6ethe rine; aU tba PbLrliawent'woud have to do would be to sg. - pend their dindicincds' foe- two years, and the 70D,OCI.- souie vrndbe raisd w . A&Is8BLDZcompbaiued that they had already ini cosed; the capital. oFf thie Ccrapany to a serious cxtec- t. andi warned; them. Dotr to' borlrow too much mcney ini; proportion to their capitlel no-other compny bad done so.* Wlien.he first joinedthacomumpyheahady 10 shares; shortly afterwariil 1l'wereallbttedi to' him, making 110, in fourr yeays_for extensibns3ndibrancles 11O more were added. maikmng220, others-were -afterwds added, so that he had now between DO' and 400 share, upon which he had aid. 20hnyofithe sharoiolders. felt very much for 'their chair-- man,, who- had originally- 259,Owr. worth of stock in the - company, which: must- have- been afterwards increased to' something like half-a-millibn. HfE was satisfied that the measuro'proposad!biythedlireotbrs- wud be attended with: disastrous' rumlts3, He- thought if they were to humblele themselves before' Phrliament'.and;acrmowvlcdge their error - in making the pledgei.thata-longer tsha would be granted them. He movedi an. amendinent, to the efiect that ti'se rneeting:dbplored!the'pledge gven.for nakldng the extensior. to Exeter, and-that it-wouidi be'atteu&d with incalculable loss to-the'shareholders. M.PuyHnnnsecondbd che, motionW and, in doinr so, said heconsidered;the-extonsibn as-u gigltiaswmndle. Mr. UGAsEL proposedlarewalutio te the effect, that thoDurchaste an 3ulieter1ine bc ap3provedl Mr. Ca.sriraAAr a-director, said lie &ad fornerly advo. cated thnDorechester line to Ei&eteri bhaving gone fully into the-subject, he-was-satiafied.lattbe}line from Yeovil to E.xeter was t}e-proper ono for tliem toad>pt. Mr.Tit?inTnTroposed a auendinent, to the effect ithat the line fromXeovsl toiE-Eetenbemuet-coenmenced until thei Salisbury andi eovilline was-funll"crnplLted. 1r. Diclumusou's'amendknenteSien 1uxt audrejected. Me'. DMRE.NIsoF-demandedia'pRe Theainendmentseof Mr. Eiglosfieldj mt: Gasliiil, and 3r. Tanslyn were rejecteddinrotation, andl the orid'nal motion for the adaption of the repert-nnd'confir.ng the agreement wsitlh the Sllisbus'y ana reeo-il;tonsnv.as 3dsottedt Thue CsE mA,c, inreply to.3Ir. Siow sta , shat tlah proxies lbdgedi with the directors- in. faour of the original motion, Fere 14]16, representig- 25,15G votes, and 2,352,2181. stock; there were- 90; proxies, representeug 1,062 votesb soili 141;9961. agaiust:it. The po31 damanded: by Mr. Dicien60n and other share. holders was thsu.withd±avn to' care expense, -Mr. Dickenson satingthat he'would,not giveu npany ' his riglts as a shareholder mepposi4i the-measure. Tlheproceedingsconcludediwith a vote' of thanks to th3 chairman and directors - LOND&MN BRIGMl!014, AINI), SOUTH COAST. The directors of this conany hae dced on recammending the payment of a:disidendifoir tbl' half-year ending the 31st of 3)eceuerliest of 21. ISs. per' cent. on tlta consolidated stock of tiie-company, makg:the total dividend for the yearl8SS-aenouut to-5 percent, SOUTH WALES 3I-ERAL. This compaus y's has just been leased to. the Glyncor. Coal Company for- a tenn,of:99'year, thiscopny having gn.. nteed to the sharelolders a dst eni b ofy. spsarcent. per annum. The proposition was inunai osly thrmed by aneofraordinary geeral meeting of the pZroni-torth Thi works on the line arotobs-conmmence&imi t-edileIy CRSThA PAL ACE. The resuilt of the serutiny made by leTr 1're andi Mr. .J. Ball of the votinS-papers sent in by tlh2 shareholders npto the 14th int, inlusive, in puranaisre of the resalubuon ofthe meetiig heldion the 4ch inst.. for-the election of four directors, was as follows :-In favonur of Mr. S. Beale, 136,628 vote;s- M xr . D. Etches, 632D votes, Mr. A.C. Ionides, 9S,40Svotes; Mr. D). Ogilvy. 11-3,898 votes; Mir. J. Price, 51,602 vtes; 21r. E D2. Seymour, ilL?., -iO02,014 votes; and Mfr. S. I. Sotheby. 21,:31S votes-total, 5S8,188 votes, from 2,2l6 voters. Thetbboeig gentlemen 'w-ere therefore elected' directors of the- Cosnony :.-Mr S. Beale, Mrr. A. a. Isanides, MEr. D). Ogih'y, andN Mr. HS I). Seymour, hLP. 'IA'FC fEVINS. milea Psa5- Aer- Total. Total, alwya. oenK. egss. ehaa. 1S56. 1655, Gros XorllcaYL ......... £.. L . Week ending Jan S. diubtrgh anduall ..G142 .. 5... - .. i9 : Mr Week coding Jan. C. Geatorthem .. .. .. - - 674 . 1453 Caledoniau. 151k. . - - . - .. .183.. 21L.7 Week ending Jam.13. BelfastandBailbyeo ... - ., - - . S 7., 216 Coriand Bandont.. ..s2n .. - .2 . - .. 187.. lGD coot, iaclieie.1 and 'a. Iasche.ire .. . ..-..-.. 162.. 13 DublinalWeiw . 4. .- . 29. 14 WateTfosTand.3KMenny..- .- - . 22.12 ' Week ending Jan. 13. flelfietandCountyDown. u .. - 2 . 17 ..21r6 London and lgortV-Westem 553. - . - - 43.847 U.. 03 London and South-Western - .. 13.. 5.3=. 11.720 .1. 14M Manchester. Sheffield, and LineolstirD . . 1731.. - .-..36 ..
THE A3rEICANS AS PAMTED> BY T -NMUM-- There is not much doubt that mi point of morals at the north and east we are retrgrai Webuild great CHipers and astonishing bridws, but it arts ve are behmd the old Greed Miks;.Gtgraces esodI, neesi mini'naTies; a id Inaian is more poUte, e generous, more civilized than many & hew York poitician; in morals we have eo mplue.of dbformity mo* as grass as those of the, lowest S e&Islaudirs; an ftre hsto rians will write that w.-romare sst and bigottel than the most insane worshipper o m The most profound, devotee ofJobai, Southco irthfest ardent discioleof wich-hagee, nakeobizoCotton ?staher. Tiie rimiTchlndr1855wi snbstan iemta great deal ol~ what we have said. TheXbrmons.a tlthe 1ree Lsrevn in Now York and Wisonsidn-4io iase asylums flls& with maniacs ontbhe, subject of. 'sp titvils-the generai tendencyon the jar* o- a bage.poart of bur infatu.tedi people to run after anytbing that is near, )siwreve abscurd it maw be, and thla re&&uws ot eertaif, ppel: to swstain lavl- dpctsbsnee; witlt ally Vg&.l ;> their foundation. or e,.ly, is fbirther .evittb& that. although we V-m 'be- ".urib, peoji,ein the malg ot re-. voIvers3andiiten- *cBoi, wf Tre m som eXEpecn thae greatest ma3& of fcb& tbait ezee lived in zA .* oa thei world. YTiere is Mt so 111cl t1llk Dow-&dyR, -about thcx spiritmal hube, but -we hIW' Of it fre.. quent1yghitse?. (zsge nc!deutsin> hergiveut lWe latbrotogeethe U faots to Awe;wihat, while wEl are bloezg Ot o. UTeb ment anI r ,ke-s allu4 ouI l%wxglm weare so, in some res'l jebettl=a, 3xat&We. Thospiiitdelusion lis sered intoaU i3 rc;s jso*3ty fom thebihet to the 10oWEt; the freoloveMa at a*iaity humbug has own out of it a*nd tha tone of pubiio ,oa3sbal s been=ucrIo ie home cicls h-s been vese.wive3laveleft their hwbandslress1.vo disLoked 1their paren. T ,b a I dof allthese deluaious have.ceef svrin ded'a,nu hl iu d-ta -miurderej rj*h% :andleft. *iAndthe end not 7eMx.-ezeorkJcraeu . -Ammnnmm ,l-Bm Rom y.- espArat8 attempt waSm11de onTnuesda mornini -Mc . ob -e Mak of tessis. P.'and W. ,nicock, of W41eiiso6mbe. The buruglas effectedl n!1 eatanLe,' fo= ; o a door, xsverar d1 aws,a4-nezv?ou:safe1r.. found tbe-stronig,IOO1fl1n - IpenetrabileZTbUey oPly1&8.ajjjd -jeaig 21well5:I~ -4!4'leftinapli ete-W '. j'eei-'that four p|rgI~ ,"were,wocm Q^ I ...
JOADOf, THUAS. AY,-JANUARY 17, 14. In the midst of the contradictory rumours with which we are on every side assailed there are some things which we may assurme to be clearly established. Nobody seems- to assert that Russia makes any difflculty in conceding the neutralization of the Black Sea, the abolition of her protectorate in MIoldvana and Wallacnia, and the abrogation of all righit to interfere in the domestic affairs of -the Ottoman PoRTE. But she says nothinj about the .Aland Isles, or the right of the allies to send consuls to her ports in the -Biack Sea; ana she is said to refuse any rectification of her territory at the month of the Danube, alleging that the cession of Kars, which she is `r6ady to make on the conclusion of peace, is, a sufricient equivalent for Kertch, BRlaldava, Xnamiesch, Eupatoria, mnd Kinbumn-alhady fallen into the *hands of the allies. This is a very remarkable surm in - diplomatic arithmetic, and one which the WesternPowers wilt scarcely feel disposed to workonttupon the rule proposed. by- Russia%-tiat fivo are eaual to one. Whant the allies have gained they won by victoties in the field; while the strae fate-Ot Kars wm to fal before a defeated Mm). Anotlie tbhing, Aw, ia ith e.ierfin when ltiami a . g- 6f tot tlhe phtces held by .tle allie3 hi the south of her empire. She holds Kars now, biitt, should tbh6 oerhures 'for peace prove iunsuccessful, how long does.she expect to hbld it? War will be made in Asia' this - year after a'fashion which Colchis and: Armenia have not seen since the dAya of PouPEv aiid iircuLLus. ITstced of retaining her conquests, Russia may consider herself fortunate indeed if she be able to maintain an army soutlh of the Caucasus at the end of the year 1856. 'On the other hand, can the'most sanguine fanatic. the most snibvto tennnEan1 ro'liv believe that it will be in the power of Russia to talae any one of thele five posts, resting as thoy do on the sea, and rtquiring, therefore, no covering force, to keep their commDunications pcn? The pretension is arrogant aid presnmptuous, and not fouind6d on tlings as thc are, but on time sfdelusions of men who can-nt yet bring themkves to look mdo.rt shrinking at the naked truth. It i sAnge th R Xtiia should ancede 8o mucli, anf.l yet couple hes sneeseions with slainis so obvious-3jy anx entirely futr% It i very diffisAt to appreher.1 at the present mnomeAt the real pcuitimi of Austrin.. On the one hand, vfe are told tiat at the very r.onoment when she rejected the couniSprop)osition of Riusia she declared 3ber intention rait to go0 to war, wlile, on the otlier, we learn from a vs*i-ofgeial French joiLrnal that A.ustkin has been f* ted with the conduct of the negotiations becavte, in flie e7ent of their proving iuisucevssul, she is} detemine4 to throw in her lot with the Western Fowor, and abide with Ohem the ,forteme of war. Without pretending 9O d ecaide between these contradietory ri-iD Urs, we .mt only ex;rms otvr hope, a3 we bavo doL bcfbro, lait the Western Powers lhi stand firaly aTd -te dlly by them propositions they have made, and, vill not allow thuenm&6ves to be turned either 'sIwthc .ight cr to the lkf By, thc eonliotr of' a Power so rariaKe and uncertain as Ausbia, hlaa repeatsdly ?roved herself to be. The Western. Povers have mployed Austria as their ainbass.adtn in the pend-l ng nego-tiations, but-they have not demanded from tussia anything which the interests of F-arope do iot require, or which, if the -Western PTowers inend to be true to their ission, thelougilt to conent to forego. Tho q'uestion of the mouthsof the )anube toucles most pecufliarly Austria,. B3varia, nd Wurtemberg, and it is tlterefore nsural llat Rnssia, seeking to sow discord betwseen the ties, sliouild fix upon this point as the safest attlegroUnd of a diplomatic contest. But the tuestion of the freedom of the mounths of the )anube is not only a great German, it is also, a ,Teat E3Luropean question. As a general rule, it is. inadvisable that the nionutls'of great rivers shonld. )e in. the hands of strong and aggressive Poweis, ,nd it is probably through this feeling, quite as. nuch as from any strength of their own, hlat Roland and Belgius remain independent Mingdonm. 3esides, if Russia is to he kept from interference rith the intermal aiiairs of Turkey, Moldavia and ,Vallachia miunt be raised inito independent States nd guaranteed froui fuxture annoyance and inrasion, and this can bardly be effected unlesa he Danube, their only outlet to the sea, be wreserved to them free and open. Nor is the pprehension of interference by Russia vain or himericaL Already has she proved herself ntterly Tnequal to the impartial discharge of the great trust ,hich shle tundertook to perform in the face and a behalf of Europe. 'Shc- has already done her est to .stdp up this mighty river, to counteract the eneficence of nature, aned to turn back the streamn If commerce, which seeks the sea as naturaLy as he water upon which it floats. It would e a reproach to' the allies, and wvould tarislh the ltstre of so many brilliant successes, if hey were to terlminate the var, allowing Russia o retain all the powver of cvil in this respect that he enjoyed'at the beginning. The policy of the Vesteian Powers has been throughout entirgly selfhiant aad self-supporting, and we trust sincerely hat that policy will not be departed fiom now at he very moment when it scems about to be crowned nith success. At the same time we cannot dissemble from merselves that should Austria, after ha'viftg rejected ieremptorily the teri'iijroffered by Rutszia, refuse ierself to draw the sword on behalf of the poliey vhiec she has ' espoused, she will have not mily exposed herself to. numberless and just cenures, buit have placed grave difficulties in the -way )f continuing the war. We wll not pass any )bservations against conduct so manifestly recreant nd pusiMllajipous as would be that of an Emperor svIO, at the head of 600,000 soldiers, should take i leading Ip?rt in negotiation, should refuse terms ),f accommodation, should writhdaW his amnbassa:or, and then leave the quarrel the origin of which lie had superintended, and the final issue of wlhicI he had raised-an issue most nearly coincerning the welfare of his owtl domiin.on- to be fouglht out by the hands of others, simply bescause he dared not make Iis actions conformable to his words. Govermments, after ill, eveni the most absolute, rest upon public opinion, and, astonishing as is the -itality of the house of AsrsTaA, we cannot suppose that it would long surv.ive so singular and so signal an ignominy. The great strengtlh of England and France in the prosecution of this war is, that the acts of ltheir Governments are approved by the mighty and intelligent nations over which they preside. We trust that this willbe so still, and that neitlier the defalcation of allies nor the aUtfnUly framed concessions of enemies will shake the unaniniity witlh which the public cause has hitlherto been supported. -We tiiigt that the people of Englancd and FRuce mill be wise enough t4o remember tllat the quarTel is not only that of Austria' but 'of Europe,- and is still worth pursuing for the sake of their own consistency, though asroredly. iif for her advantage; and we are more strengthened in this hope from the belief, which we do not hesitate to express, that the aUies have only to show steadiness and firmness a little longer in order to secure the glorious reward of all theii sacrifices and all their dangers. While the.Toreign emissaries and press of Russia have utterad notling but the . most presumptuous, deflance the language of the Estrenon hims,-X is mild anc conciliatorv. Hle sceons to havP S nre ax+t +lu moderation of the terms proposed to him by the allies, and to haive been willing to meet them in a corresponding spirit. If he has not yielced all that has been asked by the allies. he kin at least conceded so muoh as to render the concession of the rest extremely probable. That last concession we must havve, and, when we consider what another year's ctmpaign will be to" Ruissia, we can harlUy suppose that a Governiment with the interests of the country at heart will, mnvolve the lanld in such ufispeaable ealaditieo, with no hope of obtaining better tergs, anld with something very near a*certainty of beisg obliged to accept far worse.:..
Thi3 is Dot the time to take a; .t)iumpliant or even indifkeient view of other people's troubles. We are sufferngg at every point of ;the compass from the ocial faultU and intenal disorders of other States. Serfdom, fanaticism, -whetlier Christian oM >ahomiedam, 'despotism, tle wint of public .inion degradingvices, and along -ligtof natioial peculiarities, contributed. to the origin oE the wcar, inuchli the best blood3 axd treasureof this country are poured out like ter. Who Wh an'aayb ut what the "CtlitLe-ctloul' whi&h a late Minister "win Oregon may .hd6w it4ejf one day in the It onmeattc nmay come whon an ibdecisive and temporizig !mot of British statesmen may dcift into h war on behalf of ' Uncle ToM" and 'his cabin raiid hisvery judiciouis friHens, ending most phiLain thropically in the extermination of the race, and' the slaughter of an equal number of white citizens. and subjects. Nobody nowi iemembers that. the present war of principle, whichli has already cost not much less thana mihion lives, began in a squabblo about the keys of some holy places. So far from civilization diminishing the tendency to war, it seems to put more gunpowder into human nature. WVe have both more to quarrel about, and also better preparations for tho pturpose; so we will i.lk tenderly on the smouldering cinders of American controvexry. The lava is still hot under us, and wUil bear no havy tread. But, with this feeling on our side, testifiol by years of silence on the point, we cannot cowwal our surprise at finding the w'i&le controversy r.4:od up in the PRr5Dr,;T's Messag-s WVith a patisv;nship strangely at variance with our notions of 1Cold impartiality, the PRESIDNT- rmviews the histovv of tZe 'domeszr institution," fniim the days .f e Cn.federation tmoucghl the sacce-snve annexatiouLr expresses hirn;elf feel;v, and vMiM mighty little' heel of hostile prmjiidices, as to the successive acts of Congresq for f4L- toleration or restliction of slavery. He boldly`~t1s1 it as a quxvrel between the X-s th and the Suath; and sliowg, -withall 1 thie zeal of a Protectionist lecoulting tlle. urdens on land, ce of a Liberal enlarging on fhe privileges of -the aistocracy, that the stuppo,sed conicessions to the interest a.md ciaeas of the Soutliernli or slaveholdirg. States, hve teidcd equally ta thir zggrandizem"x!, of the N-ortlh, In ahnost eveyp pnrgraph of tlih discussion th, b=rmig brands o 'eao roversy are hnmrled abou-i aw we should svarc=li exc NexTct: ofiqT- them in tan firrrcll Paes of an A'jolie:sn or Anti- aloIiti6n jAuLunaL A-* all events.A i i-i the mix, wlho spea'ks, nit the abst-i'ction thm: fiU't behind tdie-gnevalities of 'in' "address from' the -Wirone." Imn=iie' Queen .rIcronsse aceulsino- wvhle .nortions of. he- iu'ubu, ES'ot. lnd f?;.z ex:an;plR oF .rV xonstit iti6n& eonduct, ::Y v pertinent interreimee, spurious.liumiytst dulicity,. a-l, the lkc' But, a1part frOr7athle w-rm I gul.ge {gthC PR,-- SIDWET,. we scriouirt. regrrAt that he- htac cvidecitl:'? I-st sigglih of a firv mrtve inmpcrt* ; question than the existing rightss- of t2ic "iRve 24.ktes and the conduct of partiesi.. Anit e-cry woid, and more- than every wcrd,.tha-t le says.. Aamit that the- Congren acted agaiist the conAiAitiottk,Min attempting to prescribe -donmeste'laws for;thez newly annexed Sta4es. AdrAittthatt4He effois of- t}he-Abolitionlists, i=smnuch aa-in; the.' case of'ind6pemnlent nations they would cEzitily 'imig omforeig:;twars, so, in the cse of &deral: States, they tt7t4 to civil wvar. . it the- rn-brious absutrdt3£9 in the Northe-ru Statesi- utteA u.willing and unabl'e as they are bo- raiseJ- tl caloured man to actuab eqlality, R--vifig. their ovzii raisery runme.nded to agg-ravato-tlie rmisery oa-tleirjneighbou-S. Ai1'e. it all;. there remairnztdhefr=thbr. questions the only practfal oie-how is-slavety. to. be k!ep p ith- ho nde,breuglit-to a. quiet old.age, and decently interred sovne Iundred. years i hea? At ctdsteace of t , Aeiin .statkticiar tellI us, the popui2ton. of the StaStv- will. be at lcast- a hunared mi3loos, half: of them= eithen-Euro:soans or tl,imaneUaate deseeadants. o3 Eitro_eans;. At that dite wha2.t will, 'the donzestie instithtion"' have- come to, ? Is- must. dinminish5 every- year in proportion-ate. bluLJ, an(d as. it diininisles, so also- must the wetlth, the- infimenee, an}: the territory of the Slave Skates, Cm the otlher li*md, there can be liMtle douit thaS the zeat and the fa.-atikisnt of thlw AbolitARists will not have, abated, fb& a.a it - ilb . bi by the psepetal-I introdution of: European. ele- suents. Turn youar eyes fxom the pasty MIr.. SPRs-,iDSID2 as we poorMiglishm4n are-forcedd-todo on a iundred questions; -4brget th.- angry. onslaughr, the insolenet dsIzn2eazcaos, the tre&cheron%3 Wiles, an-d the atrociounshypcris-y of partyS. L-t bygones be bygones. BD doeaf- to the stw=,nno raginag about your heLAd Look forwaiat to. tie day wehen some cool-biodadl historiaa, of: y.ur Union will be consideriug how fa Presidsust-l 4cx could foioecast futurity, or whether he wee.- simply a man of his day. Can anybody reallyiinagine that slavery will then be a flourishing. insti tion, standing its ground against some sevety, or- 4ighty milions of opponents t Surely it iE. ohealty to hope that long era that day it will lisye fdied of inanition or attaiined some qiuiet eain ia. Instant abolition is one thing, ultimate! e4tinction another. While the battle rages upon: -te former of these poiits nobody seems to haie. a tlought oE the latter; yet the former is theo topic of tfe. rabble, the latter the duty of statesmen. 'Ve, in the Old World, make bLulOfttlewayin. t4e. cure, of onr own sosial evils, so itwoaad ill becomc us to prescriho for slavery. The roanner of ourGoiun abolition wvas no model for any State, least- Qf a 'for one that had its slavery in. !As own boso:n, Yt we may venture to notice tins omiiSSion 0 o: si attempts to scan the futurqn of slaver,- ip. the Message before us. We dorjt muchl whither the. next eigty years of its hijtory will bo. like th,e last. Tnere is one import.=t novelty ef a. nature to afflct it, and that is the i rn0eae infusion of the depressed c1~es of F4wepe iniy the Iwo.-tking population o£ Americ!*,. The.- social dijficulties of the Uzxon have already a more 15uropean character 41han a f%lw Iears ago. In questions of educatiens, religiin, and crime, ols may every day s _ CorAparisons between Mlanchester and New York; and an Engli3h phiiluntlhropist wrould i1Xv Iiimself quite ait honW,e at any great city i en the Union. Tlhs state of thingS mulst sZmead, and, as it is diffietult to conceive a shlve. poBPlation in LondonI, in Laneashire, or in any. other part of these isles, we conclude the day must comno when sla.ery will be a moral irapossibility in the United States. But, if this be only probablQ, common ,,nse suggests that the policy of the Staoes, and (A the Union also, as far as it can be done withoujjt offence, is to pave the Way for thi Padudal and peaceful exit of slavery. On this side the Atlantic it would be presumptuous to frame the proper policy for this purpose; but there can be no presump-I tion in jist qcietly asking American statesmnen to consider whether slavery is' likely to exist, and, if so, to what extent and in what form, iu the Union in the year 1950; and how far it wilI then affect the peace and comfort of 5 hundred miEion cit,izens l Tho smallest misgiving as to th '`irobabW lstate of things at that date should enter into t1ie present calculatiois of anybody pretending to be a statesinan. Slavery, in our hum'ble opinion, will then eitnei have ceased to exist, or dxist as an intolerable eviil and the verybane of American politics. , There is,, too, anoth,er contingelicy in view,- more familiar- perliaps to European than to Anmericaun mnds-and tihat is the gradual melting of the States into a closer unity. Either peace or war, eitheq mutual forbearauce or angLy controversy, will,tend to ,the entire amalgamation of communiti6s so similar a-Ad soclosely untitdd. But, - every step towards that amnalgamation mwnet tell against the continuance of an institution tolerated in some of tlie States and abhorred in the res.
The press of R-ussia is almost as Astute as its diplomacy and as obstinate as it .aimis. That bold :champion, Lc- XQo{r, him pitched Iiis tent within the enemy's frontiers, and, amid the proclaimed heetity of the W. est does battle I.isZ gi- ;m o demuned of Ides-'wth tlh nroat untenable'of argumentsy A favottrite topic Nvith the, Noithern press is the injustiee of attgbuting ,armbitious designs to Russia. This strange nliuconception has, it is said, been propagated thiough v Europe by plausible -refugees. It ,has unaccotihtably - infuenced the counsels of: Cabuiets wiuclh ou,gbt to have known better. 'LouIs FPAivxPFPiB Pola'nd as' a cry until France'and those ,who leamn roii.:her actualy believed that the country of Kosws;Tdo'had Auffered some wrongs.' EngIaud, 'vvith- her l.atfornts and newspapers, readily roceived and disseirLinated the denitocratic poison... Two States-border the sRussian territory in the-North and South of ETurope.. For both of these the world has conceived irat;onal fears. Turkey on the one side and Sweden and Norway on the other have never been in danger from -Russian rupidity.; yet, through the fatal. effects of Western prejudice, they have been both brouight into a leaague against their neighbour ntud naUcal friend. One is at opcn war with tJhc CzAig> the other may at any time fil up the mensure af ingratitzde and openly join the, allies. It is with lespect to the Scandinavian kingdoms that Le .Nm-4ni is chiky anxions to enlighten the w-orld. ¶lle suppos6XS designs of mussia, whlich' lave been fika pretext, for the recent eonvention, A-re shown tca be only tthe illusions of gqoundless jealousy. Th:apredecess%rs of the CZAZ hare had no wish to extfrod their fiontier to the Atlantic; theiir intrigues to' obtain fli ice-free harbortnon the No%twegian coasf' are mereci- an invention oef the enemy. It 1WAuires some' courage tW&fend suoch s;position. Most persons'have seen' a' Map represenrigg the. peogress of RttKian domiAition. A petch about 3Tscowv is the'rnucleus roritdt which sucecssive epoclivof conquest.Whave depomtd a continusliW extendiWg accretion, of provinces;- The frontiat lands of Vtit overgrowlv empire art marked wivt' dates -wittf a century jit. Georgi. thle western s.ores of tob Caspian, 'be Pashali&of Akhlzik, vrpresent te Icsei. of iie Asiatic W.owers. The rAiole norfihaur acast of iIe Blael Sca; was once 5snu'ject to the' PonRT. The conqlest of the Crtea, the- oecuAtion oiC Oczakoff, tlie 3torming of'smail, th- seirAure of Minsarabia, a=8c of tlle 'Danobian dol-eP. ara great events in hitrr- Of PobUdI we nee.ovo'a.ueak. WfI:tevermayliate been the i -es of iit4 Covernmentt or the inffiisies of its pecplje, the worlWilips long wonolunced Pdecision. -Great nations M.mve- z'ithin ti;e'Last hundi-edl years committed umaly' ceifnes, bnt'the smecess_qii'pa;Fti- tions0 c0fan -uif6rt'nate Enrm-pean State- are- by en-era !onsent p! cd ihglst o-uxhe roll of Tht?rnryS If 'Sweejn and NUnv-a,ronly jA.led of the- Ciars by. their -atts in other-linds, there would lie suflfcienb rcason for distrust-and, disiLi.T But Siredn& haswhhd 'iMtcr csppeAencc&. Wittuiri the memoMry c nlme-stilFvifilg a provinsaealarger fhan Exiglind -a twit awWyyfrom lier a;a time' of' weaknessaudi diiunibnu. The ciicunmst-mces b1z;e-hich lte c.con-'quests of Bifiland wasmnzkTd are ich as peipehtatea f6elihg-of`hatrcd !in:t'hzs who saffers. 'lEe fAETh oB- S-eablnr-is generally-- indersto-t ,to haveheeli aocomplij'd by other tn;in wanrlMl -7eapcns. . It waafoU16w'd ;by th'e est-diislunentrof 'a.- fifs-elass-, fretiuss on: -the AIaind Lies, airsst-tie--gatesci? SVoCek:;Oha sT. act thb' more perfidio-a .ffom. tife- fact' th.ht a stipiulkidn e.xishd- i th,it PIssia s.i-ouldlj onlerec&n harB.trr-con thoz-e-isldndAs. The intenltions- of- PIt- ssli torexis her naighbo7r;-.,wereevident-to al'the-w.orld, .and the S*odes-ha-c seen clearly the--l litii atoreiotuthem. 'L¶by hav-a;-withs2 spiriti wt rti-:oQFimitatio-by othecr}-rtier -races. noever cea:ed roni proclahoing thei,ihbstilisy.to the- dtspotisral witblfi has, despoiled, and wlkh' -stiW-- threatera-. thea,. Eiezrzdiuring tii',-long ihiteri-al of the Lite -peace, iii the-da13ys wlmnl-RYussi stoolhigh as- to dell'verer o,-rzirope fremniBonar r-. whien, agItCi5. Y Nrenoms- was laudd as .tin cha,pion o03 ord: atgainst,-*tibulence a3d comnsnuaisp,u-. the Sn-di-th people were never,-7hlhidd by tit. greatnas.- or-sedLced 'lk-hhe fair pretenes. of theit Impe-i&l' onreny. Pane-- the letters ofK-" A N-- "cwc z, w%vhich hs-eappeared ino- colinnus .- it is. eviiknt thaft- PRssian ihtrigue, las lbugbeen, dit-acted to the- acqusitxise- of; a port. onthe 1lxe,ta-.ic coas14. The w rath- ba the geait GuTh Sir-sen, whis3. passing totlhu ,west cirtheBritish Isles, brn'?:s4. upon .lt-- d(jply-indbr7ted: coastt of Scandixavia; keepsumagnikent, tlhough, littlb- knownmt htbours, fEet- frent ice dtuinwg, -ti-. emtremest coldt of a nwst4em whittr.- T, lhreatened aggaeszibi4 in thii-qjwuiNZr the attention of- the Swedean and Normei&- lies been direetesd. Although1l in timnes past the- (tsn-t, in a.onumrmn wiLh the nitjtrity . of cotinenal roy&itEts3r was solaewhat Vunld!1 to ti3. mghty &-4- brOillant Jlespotisn of?St; Peterabwg,, y-et both self;hwterest alnd patricrcfMeling hame, nh. length uege&L them to make e9emmon ova. with their- people. A t treaty Ii ss,been signei, wh5ir1 nnonuttto a defen-7 sive, l'aF,xwimwith thvaW-'estern Powers,; its pro. visionFs are perm.an-n t a-nd deaoto the begi-. ning mi a new p;jLZ,y- ; all further advance oi -Ruwm is -to be rsisted, and even, her propgea:4 Vor awz amicable piu'aWe ot terrtory are to be se fused; and at once, communicate4; to France sand Elagrnd. 'We desire, ot course, tha' this luk-ewarm adl]4uce should grow more hot, and there can be little doubt that Russia dreads the active participation cd Sweden and Norway in the war. As farx as a Baltic campaign is concerned, such an addition tG the alliance may make all et1e dit,rence betweet success and failure. 'Whatever dou'bts there uay be: as tX the expe, diency ef sending an, army to Cronitadt, these would b, removed 1>yVie possessio2m oii the shores or the Baltic of a va base of opeaotfns unassailable by the enemy. Nor iould the suppori of a ScscdixaNniau army be a small gain to the Western Pawers, or a slight menace to .their eriemy. The *Nrd, therefore, in a recent arlhele, tilix great pains ,to show that Sweden haa no caUse of quarrel with the CzAR. Under the foim of a letter the whole question is argued, and the writer attempts to prove that the disputed territory has always been doubtful, and that Russia has neither valuied nor attempted :to appropriate the desert coxmtry which lies on the borders of the tv o einpires. " Long before the acquisition of h'nland," urges the writer, " Russia possessed a tract of cottai"try to the noltli of that province. In these "regions two distinguished saiuts, ST. BoRIs aid "ST. GLEn, founded a chapel in the sixteenth "century. E[ence. a&iseS, it seemis, thle peculiar "veneration of the Russians for the teiTitory, and "their natural desire to retain it. As for views "of aggression, it is saicd by the Western nations' "that the CZAR is desirous to possess Varanger "FPord, and to con'veit it into a naval stronghold; " but Varanger Fibrd. is often frozen diiiring the "' winer, while a :Notwegian fortress conunandi its neighbourhood at all times.' Some forgotimi treaties and a lages aumnber of irrelevant: facts are Cited by the writer,' who hopes,-perhtaps, that his readers will not care to wade througah his argumnents, but will glance merely at his conclusion, which is, 'that Rusiia has nothing to gain in these regions, and tltat, if therif ere ant4tiiig valuable; she hias never showrn a desire.to grasp it. In spite of all this learning, we shall'look to the broad facts of histoty and the kiiown evenits of our own time. Ve have seen Russia. annex graduah1' about a third of the 'Swedishi ionareby. -,:The spot '-where St. Peiersbui now0 .standa was.Wrested by'the an- .estors otfthe Czz& from tha predecessorsfof King bSC.uu 'OsXe ienrtetice in -ourgdeool geo-gra.piMies a w.oith ?i.l the special p7e&dn of the Ruma Pxrne;, on co-ming tfo the rth) ne, p essetl only one seapolArhan . since the WVIinte Sea; The house of o3£2ioFfhs sxcec'oqn'redailiqusand niles of coast in'theBl the fiest rtories of tlhe oflack Sea. fihe; ussianflag floats in 'thelharbours of the Pacifie; the Cz-A$" have created great eta-I blishments on, the kaspian, thence they.rule the feeble monarchy of Persia and&hold in awe the barbarous chief8 of Central Asia.,;- tey have -launched thie first steamers on t.he Sea- of Aral. X6ore than this,wre have as 'an e'videicc of dang'r th&e vey excuse urged by tlle Rusaias tlhiemselves-for their aggresaive policy- They have always urged- that their enterprise is enclosed mithin the limits of two narrow seas. ' When oneo on the ocean they would be satisfied, and wishl only for' peaceful development. :Although anxious for such a phase of their national e2datence, ' we: -canuot consent to purchase it by the deatruction of two irAportant Sttes. The Scandinawi;an aud. Ottoman monarchies mnustf be sulppoited by ai the force of the civilized world, eand the. treaties reently concluded are, ve hope,', the beginning of a neow code of public law in Europe.
I . IRELAMP. (FRo3t om oWN eoaiRwsoNDEm-T.1 DUBLIN, WEINzEsAvn MSomiNa. THE EnUCA2IOlx QVIMON. c utatio i fiom the Presbyterian body, headed Wt.3eRCev. Dr. Cooke, waited ox. the Lord-LieUtensnt at the Viceregal. Lodge at. the close of last -week. According to the Ba2leui of D7stef, the inteivvew had -roference-irst, t,% some points con2nected wvith the working of the national system of education, respecting ivhich the General Assembly had passed certain resolutions at their meeting in J.liy last; and, secondly, to, the subject of intermediate education, which tb, deputation strongly pressed upon the considerdien: of his Excellenev. Tofforded for urging the opinion ef the assenib7ton both questiens; a;nd the mnemabrs of the dep,in~ion expressed theirhigh satisfactioi writhithenr receptiorn, and the attentioa w;hich l3 Excellency gave to their represe,tations. The i±ost and snow, have vanished as sudderily as they set in towards tho close of the lash week. On MorPda night the windveered to S.&DE, and :some raiA ell before maorning. In the carse of Tuesday it Now from newkly-due west, an4 The rest of the alteinoon was -ild audc tempestims. The cold has qnite abated, and thie temperatuze, inotwithstairclin the -violene of the gale, is moderate, as it was a the end of the last month. This iorning is perfectly cahn, thie storma having tally subsided -from. an early hour in the night. MNGMtHERED X3T.&rS CoURT. Six small estates were put up for sale yesterday, one of wlich, situate. in. Kerry, was withdrwu for want of & bidding. 1. The others, -with the exception of a few-lots, were all disposed of, the groBs amnouinlined being 15,45. .~.'TfE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, S6 i; ditto, for account, tLe 7th oE Februzy, S6g New eei pyer ent Stock. 86 A-; Bank Stock, 218 217;,1ining Company of Ireland E7p pd), 13.12 A . div ditto, for account, 13 ex. div. 71. 'RaiasDhnand.BelEast Junction (45J: d), 401 dito,5b; tai Jllfull), 45; Dublin. and Wic dow (lt. aid) or account, 5;.1 *.Great. Southern and Wester.n SO!z. paid), 484 ; Waterford and Limnerick 6 per oent. preterence (SOt. paid), for account, 42h.
UNIVERSIT LDNTELLIGENCE. IA7VOnR 1T) -. IC The llegi u Professor of Hfebrew (Dr. Pusey) oposes to resunie his lectures on the Prophet eiishh on zednesday, the 23d inst.,.at 9 o'clock beginning at the 40th captei:. The two elementary. courses of loturee in Rebrew.il also comrmence on Taesdcay,*the 22d iust., and Wednesday, tlde2&L. The Srst isintenddd forsuch as are just bemning t;he laigusgu tho* socond-for those -acqusint4d with the ru,di,ndnts of-grammnar. Thoesewho-wish ±o. attend the .elemeiitary lectures are reonested to call upon the' tev. R. Gindell,~LA., 31sgdalenltWall, on.3londiy, the21st,'oetween tshe hours of 2and 4e 'The-Professor of latin (Mr. ConiH#ton) will 'deliver a couse of 12 lectures onuIthin composition similar to.thoso gven lattterm, on Tuesdays. Thursdays, and Saturays, at Ioec1ockF in the. Imw School, beginning on Thursday, tle 24th. 'MeMbers of the lnersity.ivisng to attnd redesired to call on hima at lUniversity ColIege on Monday, the 21st, beWeen.12 and 2,. when thosewho'have.nof been at aiOus couss, not being meebers of -orPus ChTiti ollxe,arerequvested .to pay: thie 'tatutable fee o 1?. A Cabinet' Cocnm; vwas held yeaterday afternon .at the Foriign,-office. The' Ministers present, were Viscount Palmerston, .-'the Lord Chanoellor, the MaBrquis of -Labjdawne; :Earl- Granville, the Earl of Hsrrowby, Sir George jley,-the Earl of Clareiaon; ,lr*' S&cretrty Iiab6t1re, '-the ChaOncellor of the Excheq,ner. Sir .Chtles Wo the Eight Hon. R. Vernon Smoith, Lord Stanley.of Ald ey,-the Eib:t HIonr,M. Bainess ani ithle- ut,* $ gyll, Tk unc sK -§ ; {-
TJfiR D EDITIONO. T3E TIMlIES OFFICE, lTku.dlomy 2 i'n. THE TI .7 .d, .. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. i . I . - Tb!a followingr is th&l1ettex; of our Pa3ris corresjon;dent, dated'yesterday, 6 p.in.:_- It is said that a-pnviate llegraphic 3 4epatch was rOe9ipVed to-2Y from ViennA aniouncing tihat IL Estcrhla;y vas not to qnit St. Peteribuirg even should no satisfactory anawer be giten by the Rsstsix~n Govern-nent on the 18th. Ifbis be eesaet it wroni'l showl tmat the ho6pe of an- arrangenient still subsiste. The dcspate' has not been publishea here. . The foollwing ile Waddress dclivorM yscterday by the Duke of Carabridge on tho ditrirbution of the medals to the French army "Her Majesty the Quwen of 'u"hnd ias deigned to charge me -witlh the office of. presenting tJ the generaLs, officers, and rarni and file of thci French array, roy brave and worthy comrades, these nedals as a iOkan of the cordial esteem and friendship which exiwst bewtwes thetwo natiors, and of the adiniratien Whicli her Majesty m the English nation have felt in seeing the giorious-feats of anns performned by thearmy of the East. It was -in the getml com bats of the Alna, Inkernann. and SCXeetepul th at th allimce of the two nations wa r4vtif by The-twO arreei, God grant that this zreat aU1anoe noay aiwvayscontinue for the advxntage and gloiy of bothl ristions. AD for myself, my dear comrades, the honour rhich oas bee-ponferred on me is tha greater that I lhave served with yo :.Ind have seen with my own eyes your lravexy, your grea`. miiuitay t7ta. lities; eul the devotednowith wiiich you h.re supported so many fatigtes and so samny dangers. I sineeeml, thank the Emperor for his kindnews in allowing me to hseo the honour of distributing thesev iedal; in his presmema:" The following private tegraphic de2Tataieslaave been recei-ved - - ~~~"Ti:ESTel, gz'1r.4 Aecorxtagtoe amcounts frour C(onRtantinopl,e to gAev7?tS, the ad-sance6rosts of the Eueninnrwcie within threlinoues march of Errsrotim. "It is said hff si n w e the t eatre vf the wav I8i'ie sprnmg. "The allies, ti.erepcrt'goes, wi evactnite ,the Czimea,. with the excepTaion of Ianaiesch ned' Bsla a In that. case, Ie-egreater yart of t'ise EngLh troops vnnld proczci& to'Pedent-Kaleh, anditlicrae operate against TiIii. " As to the Turisq they. with the leadmontet!, are, it isgai'd to, gm to Erzrom:m "&O arPtsha, it itadded.is to go angiredde il EYra2and.'" *The- 6strian Ch,osperf&- announces that Prsia hasn:teabsolrtily rejected' thde ; sioz of territor) desnanderl fr-nr-lier, :-rerving t-ierself to treat ho- quesiou in thec-renceeo-vhich, it is said, rmy take phcEe: "'Ptricenb ortschain4Thass ot'dcuandsi:his p -+yrts." " BERTWlZ- 1Trs. "-Art. 5 v.'the Au-tH'-n premsitiomn so.s dmrT- np not only5in.view-v~othe continvaticanof the -%ar, bit aiS-' il the eventualityciTapproacijiagn negiaWions. By tii;h:sof this nrticka;3Eng"lnd, it is ssii,d demanrds that the- fori<f5a-tions of the iAlann Df Ala ciThall nxstbe re-establiahell, :Md thnt is WbatIRtssi is said t,m to couzsest to." "The- ife tuPasisaws Ge:cfts announcas thla6 ~nrxal of the Ptinces off the Cexmaie (3oafeder=tfon wfldrI:AiortIy assemtile at Ba1rlin. -'The P ince-llegcnitnthes-kd Dnch)- of Braiin, the Grandiflnke caweimar- and tilePrince Heir FxesMptiva of Ai lt-Des-m are ta-xrsive.to-morrow._ " ie'- Brinco, of IHa_enloRe -has arfi'etl to-any' from ieaniero." 'MILRID, JLtew. 15. "I-Thoe instrsctiOn. of the' a!&ikin t wJ'ihhthehu,7amen rrestaa. last 2iondayuwere ceseesne ed i ternihLt4d, and their, conse5l named. "Anaodifiat,on. ina the Cabinot is a.3nnunc4e :c-;sitive by tlhe- 2Vaciit; -L Escosun entering- on the ctuties 6f IM-inister of th ite-ibr, and X, .i.Tan ean those:f balinisteit of COMrce. Th-1 Withdsawal of M. BrIdl. :Eom. thg Cabinat i& yat DibtFU. " The sitiiog of the Cortws to-day ba offered 7ioshit'g ff intrest. "It is said that the Creili . o'b:Ier wil su1n,Ezr+L t}te nworks at tfie Puerba del Sol and '.toese of the Ioeishern Th'ilway. The Ministy has inot yet been fully oasrpleted." "TTER , *JAs. 15. "l'heT disonssion on- the bi x6elutive to tiJi lo.n cojmnsenced to-day in the Cisanler of Depiuties. C-unt d;s Cavour miade an eXcelleat speech in reply to tho Opponents of the nncasre." The Phere de la Mandie armonnces 'that the 90 gun ship Donawertli, 'hich lately ani'ed at Cherbourg from Toulon, was to be i7mnediatelk replaced on the stocks, in order to be cuit in two and langthoned by 30 feet. Tlhe'h-ari', Rowever, believes that she cannot be ready in time to take part in tlte next campaign in the Baltic. Orders had been received at Cherbourg to coustxuet in :al haste a number of lighters for landing the Baltic military erxpedition. : A detachhment of 176 men of the waggon train, with 125 horses, embarked on the 14th at Marseillos for the East. The PFote de la Malizce contains the following "'The Comnsiary of Police of Granville lately opined, in order to ascertain its contents, a snmsE portative u'ui- case left some,years back in ihe caTe of the proprietor oftho Hotel des Tsois Conronnes by an English officer, niaed BelL In the case were found sectrities of the ral-ne of I,320,000f., and a quantity of private letters. 'When &Mr Bell left Gran ille to join his regiment at Bombhay, IeI owed in the town about 2,000f., and tEa proprietor of the hotel ha,ing paid the money, the 'wrviflt-case was left-,dth him zs a security. It is said that Dlr. Bell lasb ycec-ohtained leave to quit India -and proceaded to-the Cricega, where be was kMled - bt nothing is exacty known here-n.the point. The Conssaa of Folice imameiaitely infoned the superior authorities of the contcats of the cr00, and nithout duolt something will sooa he ascertainc?i w]tive to the abs;ent officer."- The Emperor and I,pnpress were presenl last evening at a bali gLiven at, the British Iibassin honour of the distribution c, the English Crimean medal to t'he rench troops. Their 3Westies 2nd the Duke of Cambridge aarived at 10 o'clodc. The Emperor opened the ball with lady Cowley, the Royal Dulke dancing with .the Princess Augusta of Hesse. The Empress, who looked wel, remained sested during the eveiing.' Ats 12 o'clook supper wYas served to their Majesties, the-Princess MAathilde, who was present, his Royal Highness, &nd some of the gucs,ts. The Imrperial party took their departure at a quatter past 1 oIclock, but dancing was kept up until after 3 o'clock. This fife had collectedtogether nearly-allthe persons of distinction inParis, and the number of English officers was considerable, most of them wearing the medal of the day. - The members of the Council of War attracted great attention, parbiculauly AdmiralsLyons and Dunclas, and Generas 3 ones - and Aimey, on the one hnd;. and Geneals Canrobert, Borquet, anad Ianarmora on the other. "God save the Queen" and "I Partant pour la Syrie" were admirablyplayed during the evening by thu mand, and the whole display wae an exceedingly bri0uant one. The frout of thehoteiwas ligtedaup with! tie crown, the-star of the garter,. theinitials of Queen Victoria and the Emperor Napoleon, and a wreatfa composed of the -rose, thie iabsnok and tlhe thiu.tie, in gas The eoiirtyar was Idso tastefully mlumihated with colonred lamps, and over the enltranc. were the Ha~gs.of Euighind andl Frasce.- ; The price of meat for- the second fi.Mmg,t of ~sIinaay lais underxgone an additionnt inczease, a~in6iintngto id. per ildo riae for beef ,;zc., or inore than 2d., for na. halpennyformuton The firBt quality of be now sells in Paris, if. 82c. per kbilogramme; that of ve'i, 2f. 8c.; -;ad rautton, lf. '74c. The price o! broad reniains unuinged, that is t& (. () the 2 lb. loaf of the firtt Mualit,-, andE 4 .th o£fthe second.; The xms 'paid into the.Parissaving3 cba.ilast week- amounted to 6U1W,OOO., from 51893; epositors; and the riimbur~enhints o 4i0,OOM. 'Jie receipts of the WaiNi deetrate for old age .-i;! 6' &Y,f. TheThi<eper Uont. elued to'yt 8 63:L %OC. fothe .Ethemontbi; tWFro iand+lTf p: t
' PUSSIA. We extract the following from a letter iri the Conzstitlttionss.d, dated St. PNtersburg, Jan. 6:- , "I have already inforrned youthat CountValentine Bsterhazy had twvo or three interviews with HL de Nesselrode, wvithont any satisfactory result. Since then Count Esterhazy has had an interview with the Emperor Alexander Ir. who s*sid nothing formal lespecting the Austrian propositions. "He subsequently paid a visit of 3i. Seniavin, of the Foreign-office, whero he met with a very cold rbception. Baron & Werthor, the Prussian Minister, had meantime arrived at St. Petersbmrg. He paid a visit to the Chancellor, who asked him in a brusque manner whether he had come to say a word for the Austrian Pleoipotentiary, and to suppor4 the ridicuilouspretensions of Austria. Baron Werther replied that he could not support what he was not cognizant of. To Count Egterhazy, whom he visited atterwards, he said thathe had no instructions from his Government on the subject. Baron de Scebacli, - the Saxon Mtinister at Paris, airived at St. Petersburg on the evening of the 29th of December. He went direct to his father-in-lalw,- Count Ncwselrode's, where he passed the evening, "Oh tile following morning lie paid a long visit to Count Valentine Esterhazy. "On tho 31st of Deeomber Baron de Seebach was prosented to the Emperor; the audience lasted twvo hours. I am not able to say what passed, but it is certain that after the interview Coumt Nesselrode mo:lified his tone, und hinted that a compromise might bo effected. The policy of mioderation and conciliation brought by M. de Seebachi hias found a powverful sup,port in the person of Ht. Felix de Fenton, wlio made kn6wn that If- do Seebach was not only the faithful organ of the German Courts, but also of public opinion generally throuighout Germany, ci ic/i vwa as routsed byl flc aoppeal add7esscei to it by the Emperor of 7/sc Freuch. " The testiimony of AL de Fonton has the more weight with the St. Petersburg Cabinet as he resided for many years at Berlin and at Vienma as Coumcillor of Embassy, and had just left Hanover at a moment when public opiiioii in Germany, stirred upby the polemic carised by the specch of the 15th of November, pronounced itself energetically against Russia. Passing through Vienna, A. de Fonton there learnt the disposition of Austria towards Russia, and the tenour of the proposals Austria was about to send to St. Peternburg. "I. de Fenton gave at Warsaw a faithful aecount of the state of pulhic opinion in Germany to Prince Paslie.witsch, whose secretary ho vas formerly, and the Prinee recommendedhim in Ihis own name, and ini-irtueof his authority as Field-iMarshlal of thie Russian armies, to conjure the Cabinet of St. Petersbu-g to accept readily any proposal of peace that nmight be made to it. "The advice of 3. do Fontonhadtherefore double -weight with Coiunt Nesselrode, wvho, after all, with time test of his Mini-try, is anxiolls to see peace re-established. "Duke George of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, accompanied by his wife, tVie Grand Duchess Catheriie Michaelowv-na, i daughter of the late Ga-aud Duke Ilichael, and of the Grand Duchess Helena Panloisna, has left for Gennnany. The Duke, who is a general of artillery in the Russian service, has often been intrusted, since the commencement of tIme E:stern question, with missions to the Germnan Courns, and especiall- to that of Prussia. In this instance he has no ofihcial n;issioum, but a nmunber of ofgciozts miseions-siauaely, to keep the goodiFimsg of Prussia in his philo-Rccssian ideas, and to gain over the GCrand Duke of lecsse Darmstadt to the Muscovite cause, for it appears that the Grand Duke Louis m. n-iales no seeret of Iiis Austrian sympathies in Isis letters to his (laughter, the Empress is-rie, a faewhich Ieauess sc,me annoyance to the Imperial fancily. Duke George of Neeklenburg-Strelitz is, moreover, charged by shis auguist cousin to send him a faithful report,of the exact state of pcAlic opirion in Germany as regards Russia. "Prince Augustus of Wurtemberg, brother to the Grand Duclhess Helen, is expected here, and a eumptious suite of apartments has been prepared for bhin in the Michael PaI lace. The higlh ranki the Prince occupics in the Prussian ars-sy led to the supposition that he is initristed witlls somc special mission to the Czar, but tlis is not the case. He has simply come to pay a visit to Iiis sieVe-r. "The following changes will shortly be officially anusounced:- "Prince Beblutoff will take, provisionally, the chief command of tho army in the Caucasus, and of the Transcauca8ian expeditionary arnay. "Akide-de-Camp-Geceral Mouravieff will be appointed to the cldef command of the army in the Crimea and in Tauris. "Aide-de-CamptGeneral-Prince Gortschalcoff will beplaced at the head of the Army of the South, and will havo his head-quarters at Kischeneff. "General Siewers will have the coamnand of dice amny in Bessarabia. General Osten-Sack-en will remain at K,icholsieff and Oslersen. "Aide-do-Camp-General Panintin Will have his headquarters at Zitomir. "Christmas has been celebrated witll great ceremony. The tradit.onal Te DCens wa3s chanted in all the churelhes celebrating the deliverance of Russia from thio laordes of Napoleon (such is time name given to tho Ganud Anny) forty years since. It is a curious mode of celebrating the ^Nativity."-
THE HVEST INDIA ANAD' PACIFI WMALs. I . . . , p. - - - . =; Ainmry of the follUo4win,recei e! by. eetiiteleo graph, appeared in our sceor d edition .of yestrday :-] SOUH.AhA PTON, JAk. 1;.: By the Royal Mail 66mpaiy's steaiip-La PLata, Captain. Weller, with the. WVest India" and -PacHicma.ils, in chaWge of ifeutenant R obins, R.N., we have dates from- . Honduras ... ... Puerto Cabello Santa, Martha Gravtown ... .. Cahtliagena jamaica Porto Rico Berbioe ... ... La Gunyra. Demerara.. Tobago ... Trinidad ... . ... Dec. 14 Barbadoes.. - 17 Gresiada .. - 27 St. Vincent 22 St. Lucia - 18 Martinique _ 25 Guadalotnpe -. 26 Dominique - 31 Antigua -. 25 1ontsetrat -27 Nevis ,-. - 25 St. Kitt's .. - 2t Tortola - 25 St. Thomas's .De. 27 ... - 26 ..." --28 ...- ._ 23 .., _ -29 .. -- 28 - 29 .. - 2-9 ... - i .. - 2s0 28 .. an. I La Plata brings about 20 passengers, among vwhlom are Dr. Jopp, 36th Regiment; Lieutenant Annesley, R.N. ; Dr. P. ColDyer, &b., and' 13 distressed British subjects fromSt. Thomas's. Oh freight there are 8S,540 dollars in specie-say, 1%0,00M). stcrlinig (of this stum 589,003 dollars are in gold and golddust), 14,010 dollars' value in precious; stones, &c., and a cargo consisting of 285 serons of c.chine | 328 serons of indigo, 278 serons of barl, 09 'bales of .sarsaparila, 1 case of tortoiseshell, 5 packages of )lants, 527 bags of cocoa, 10 cases of succades, 2 boxes of mace, 8 boxes of nutmegs, 9 bales if indiarubber, 3 packages of merchandise, antd 41 packages of sundries. DTuing the voyage La Plata expcmiefce strong galtes from thcast and north until the 14th inst.o wMhen the wseather became quite calm. On that day La PLata spoke the ship City of M\obile, bolunl easterly. The Royal mail steamshlip Atrato, from Southl.ampton, wsith the mil3is of the 17 th of December, arrived at St. Thomas's on the afternoon of the 31st nit. Our dates fiom Jamaica are to the 20th ult. There is no politiza1 news from the island. Fever was very prevalent, and the mortality great. The Le gislature had adjourlned for the Christm sholydavs until the 14th inst. The inarkets wvere dull. There wLas no inquiry forbread of any description, andcthe stock was abundant. Corn of good quality was v ery scarce. There wvas very little coffee in the market. The stock of brandy was aniple. The salt-market was quiet. Sales i; sugar were effected at 23s. to 30s. according to quallity. In the money-market exchange wras quoted forbills on London at 90 days at 1 per cent, premium; 60 days, 11 per cent. premIUns; 50 days, 2 per cent. pretniinr e From Demerara we learn that the Court of Policy met on tlie 12th nlt. The Tariff of Law Fees Bill wras broughst into committee. The provisions of this bill ga>ve rise to much discussion, tbe 1egal p.rofession baing anxious to obtain an increase of fees,a preposition which w,-as stenuously resisLed by the chief Justice. he bill w;as read a third time, and passed vithout the legal gentlemen gininig their poinit. A bill was introduced inlto the Court of Policy to authorize the issue of new bonds for the repayment of the loan of 70,0001. advanced by Her Majesty's Govermuicat for immigration purposes. His lExcellency proposed that, instead of repaying the amoiunt by installments, the wvhole loan of 70,0001. shouild be renewed by one bond for a period of 20 years, to comnmence from July, 1857. The bill provides that the sum of 2,8001. sliould be set aside annually out of 'the colonial rivelnue for the payment of the interest on the loan, and that a ftirther sum of 3,0001. per annum should be set apart to form a sinking fiud for the redemption and payment of the bond. The bill has been read through in comnmittee, but was not passed. Some apprehension was felt in thc colony with respect to the nurmber of immigrants likely to be obtained next year from the East Indies. At present there is only one ship, the Cauning, chartered, with about 300 inpLiig-apts? from Caleutta; and, althougitit is 6bss1iAe that some more ! will ba seab, yet the probabilties are that the supply will fall very far short of the requrements of the colony. The attention of the Court of Policy was drawn to tilis matter by the Hon. T. Porter. lis Excellency has written to the Imperial Government respecting the coolies whose term of service expires next year, for permission to he allowed to give them a bounty to stay for another five years in the colony, and to allow the bounty to be paid out of tle loan to be raised for the importation of new immigrants. If this suggestion be carried into effect, it will be necessary to pass an ordinance extending the repayment of the bounty by the planters over five years. The weather was very favoiuable to the plantations, and the young canes were looking fresh and vigorous. Business continued dill amonga theomerchants, tnd freights -werchigh. The exports froni the colony for the fortnight consists of-sugar, 2,744 hhds., 246 tierces, 1,035 brls., and 1,235 bags; ruin, 1,539puns., 288bh1ids., and.233 brls.; tobacco, 100 boxes; coffee, 1 brl.; old iron, 10 tons; old copper and brass, 3 tons; salted hides, 20; cocoanuts, 1,900. At Grenada the financial arrangements for the present year wvere enga,gin tlhe attention of the Legislature. A proposal to lay a heavy percentage upon the salaries of public servants, and npon no other description of incomes, met with the enti e disapproval of the Governor, he considering that the object sought to be obtained by maising the duties on imports would be defeated by diminishing the means of pulrchasing them amlong those persons who wrere presumed to be rn the most favourable condition to do so. His Excellency wvas for creating an export duty, reducing the tarifF of hiport duties, and throwing the siipport and education of the noor upon the land. The -weather was favourable for sugar operations, and great eneray was being exhibited by the planters in sugar making. The canies were looking wvell, and the eoeoia plantations promised great alundanee. The regular ships from Europe were anxiously expected, somie of them baving been 40 days at sea. There is no news of interest fion tlie other West India islands. The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's steam shiip Vldivia arri .ed at Panama on the 20th ult. with $300,000 in specie for England, and dates from Valparaiso, Nov. S0; CalL3o, Dec. 10; Paita, Dec. 15. From Chili we leal-n that on the 17tlh of November the Government convoked Congress for an extraordinary session. The matter for consideration consisted of a project of civil law, the treaty celebrated with the Argentine Republic, the consular convention nwith New Granada -ald wvit'n Ecuador, supplementary estiuates of extraordinary expenses, &c. The treaty with the Argentine i Republic and the consular convention with Ecuador and New Granada -were approvecl. The 'new code of civil laws -was first discussed in thc Senate and approved. It is to come into opeiation on the Ist of Jannau, 1857. It. was expected that the session woulad-bc a ihort one. On the 29th of Novembcr the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation between Great Britain cud Chili. was duly signed and exchanged at Santiago. - - Advices from Peru informi us that every symptom of another revolution was' apparent. Castilla was - fast losing his iiifiience, and the friends of Vivanco and Eehinlique were waiting an oppoitunity to try their chance once more. Arrests were being nightly made in inma of persons supposed to be ininlical to the Governinent, and every one fancied that Casz tila's power -would soon come to an end. --The new frigate Apurimac, which had.arrived out from England; wiis hashore inutIle harbou;, but by the-aid of tugs was hauled of'. - The Heraldo publishes a Iong artcle on the Pernman navy, slhowing its great cost andt its.comDaratire usemalnes. The present 'naval force consistsoftwofirnt-classfiiates, five steamers, on6 small steam tender, onc briganptine, o'e schooner ancud one ' catter, m' whi. h is' not iucludea tW steamers -built for the nawatigon of the Aniazon, and at present lync-use1e-s ra that rreer 'The- exp3nse of Leepir.O ul) tliis tiseLes feet is calculated at $*700,000 a-year. The article concludes by asseiting that one fri ate, -wo steamers, and. three sailing vessels are quiite suilicient for the wants the country.- t - *' - Thie November retuiris of saltpetxr- fi-cm Iquique and guano, fiom the C'ullucha Islands- have been published. ! The Iormer is as follows :' : - To Hambuig ... '- 33,342 qeaitals; ToEMgkiid -.. 20j95 ,,Toorder, 50,025 - To Sardinia - .. . ...... ... 0 :.... - -7,000 ,,- - To France ' 0,0o ,s ToHofla-d 8,900 ,,l- - Tot:tal ^'tFrom ' theIst lGof Janii&rulo tde- th xpit of this article thus standa in uomipaLison with tle sarre period ill the two-previous years - ; - 1853 ... - .- ? ... 79Z085 quintals. 18M54 . S5S,39-r , 1855 .. 8090... ... ... .... Theguano export for thicmonthof lNovemnber wwMs as follow!:._- - 18 vessels, of 13,531 tons, for Engand, Australia, axd 2 - 372 tons for theUnitedStates 4 2 - 2,817 tons for France and French coloaieF. 4 - 2,022 tons for Misuritius. 1 - 1,920 tons for Spain. '-The Vlparais corresnpondent of the'Panama 1%1r and herald reports the town to be quite in a gold fever, anmd hundreds -were inthiing to the diggings,-a distance of about 15 miles. Considerable quantities of qtuartz goldl had beeri foiund and some nuggets, the quality being eqd'nl to the pro. ductions of either California or Australia. - The following is an outline of the conimercial news - - " At Valparaiso, during the 15 days ending I'ovember 30th, but feor arrivals of foreign merchandise had taken place; the sales wcre, consecluently,-linsited, beisig confinod principally to purchases for the Bolvi-.'un narket: A large sale of 50,000 galons of sugar causedi holdlers fo aivanee their prices; but the advance is looked upon as tusnporar. A cargo of 500 tous of coal per Gem of the lithI asl szold It $1IO, deliverable at Caldera. *There has been some animntion in the . flour t-ade. Oning to exuorts for -ew lloUand sales isere effected at $9 50c., but the price afterwnards rose to $10 St, $10 &), and $10 75. The export of this article has cause-a scasrcilt that nSI probably keep the price up until the: ne- crop comes in. "Copperis not supplied in proportionto the demand, and sells at $21 50. "Saltpetre has been sold (20,000 q intals) at 20 reals for delivery in December; hubt for quantities delivered later this price cannot be dbtainzed. lFreights letala from the Coast3 of Chili to Liverpool, 4.. los.;- guano, Chinchas to Ilarre, 4g. 10s.; flour to Australia, 'I. 10s.; ,tltp)etre, from Iquiglo to Httaburq, Si.; flour to cfelboarne, 4g. lQs." A letter from Valparaiso, refetrinlg to tlie extrn6rdintry excitemcnt springing up there in ieference to the nowly-reported gold diggings, hns the followsIng -we sce almost daily the old fainilar sights of San Francisco, and gold washers, cradles, long tonas &c., ate 'tooted' along, as well as picks, crowbars, ani sieoves. The sailorz even are off to the mines. The Loutherm diggings near Concepcion do not turn out so Well as thosc in ths vicihity, and consequently we ehar sonthenm prospectors are conmng this V ay. " C'onsiderab!c qurantities of qu,artz gold havd:been founld, and some nuggets. The quality of the gold is fully equial to any lever saw eithler in tnl?tocnia or Australia. " Several vessels hare sailed from here for Anstralia ,vith samples of gold; and in sir months' thime wOe may look for a sntsall increase of our l)opilation, which will astonish the natives of this republic. A person to dig has to ay sore $3 or $6 for a site; aind the mining laws of Chil are so liberal that a miner, it he has any reason to believe that gold existst even in a gentleman's -garden, or in hiis cellai; can lay claim to dig there by laying his 53, and tainug out his certificate of the location. " To give you an idea of the vicinity and reality of t.he gold I would sbtate that a well-knolvn nierchant of this city offered to be' $500 that he would leave Valparaisoa6 t 6 an.m. and return at 0 p.m. with an ounce of his o0-f digging. From vhat I can -ee of the diggings it seenis to mnc that companics of determined men cannot fail to do as ve}l as in California, if not better." The following are the stations of the Royal Mail Company's steamers in the West Indie3 --Clyde, Gulf . route; Convay, Wvindward Islands; Dee, Solent, and Teniot, Spaiiish Main; Derwent, at St. Thomas's, from Jamaica; Prince, at Jamaica ; Wyc, at !St. Thomsm's, repairing.
AFFMIRS AT TREBIZONDE. In a letter from an officer of one of our steam.- transports, dated Dec. 28, off Eupaioria, there are the following passagas:- "It may be of interest to you to lear3that al,ovt 8,004) Egyptian troops wvere conveyed from this place to Trebizondte by tle S3imooni, Jason, and several otner steamers. " The French General at this place was opposed to tha shifting of the Egyptians, but has had to yield to it, and is now receiving reinforemrents of French troops. " When we landed the first batch at Trebizonde Kars haa ,alrcady been redoced; and, as neither bousvrvai oar' pro' visions .ti:onfel it TrObloiilde, no one p.-0A1s by tids mfov !ment; imde&e, the Pashaof Trebizonde tmned a great mnunber of Chlristians out of their houses, the AnrnmanBishop among them, to make room for the EgyptianU.. "I spole to .Ahmed Pasha, of Eupatoria, on this hear;less and dangerons meastre, and he told me that ne (lid not approve the shifting of the troops at this season; they ought io have been conveyed four or five months ago, or to have remained here ontil the spring. " The Pasha speaks French and German, is a bnisine:s man, and one of the few Tnr'-s of whoii one takes lcave with regret and esteem. le told mc that the Trench never give him any information, and that all he lno-ws about the inovenments of the -mar he learns from the Engli-h, as be very rarely gets letters fiom Constantinople. "People here aro well provided v,ith worod and pIrov.- sions. Several ships were wrecked here lately, the Prizsian bark Potsdam, in Turkish employ, among the number. "The Castle of Sinope is a chlef dkcso of mriddle-age architecture; it is a pity that it is allowed to go to wreck and ruin. "I dare say you will have heard that nnny hundreds cof camels ind cattle are dying daily at Sinope, though theylnre taken great care of by the English commisariat people. "It is likely that we shall have to go for another batca to Eupatosia for Trebizonde, and then we espect to beg Saturday ship."
- - AusTRALiA. SOUTRAMPTc, JsN.. 16. ]By the Royal M-il steamship La Plata, which arrived tliis mornirng with the West Lndia nail, we receive vi(t Calao and Panamua intelligetce froim Sydney to the 1st of October. The Royal Mail ship Champion of the Sea, froni England, July 5, n-rived on the 2Gth; the Asia1 for London, with the mnails, was to sai on the lsof October. -The Legislative Council had passed the New Marriage Bill, which gave general aatisfaction. The Public Works Loans Bil had been read a. third meandpassett Its object is to authorize the negotiation of loans in Great Britain, er elsewhlere out of the colony, and -which, together -ritlh the interest, shLaU be a primary charge, ipon the public revenue of the colony. The New South Wales Patriotic Fund had reacheed the large sum of 60,0001., of which 40,000?. had been forwarded to London. The mercantile article of the Heald of the 25th Eays - " The officially declared insolvencies and rumoured failures of manymercantile firns have caused a serious depression in ahnost all conuercial departments: while the vexatious delay on the part of the Govarmnent in bringing forward the new tariff bill las added to the general em barrasunents of trade. Notwithstanding thesc drawbacks, we may confidently offer an opinion that, with the caution observed by our lea3ing firms during the Iatt1O or 12 months, and, with our increasing population, the large demand for all articles of domestic consumption, our trade, notwithstanding the presefit teenporar depression, mag be declared to be in a sound state. Dung the last ten days the result of public sales evinced considerable improrement in many of the chief articles of commerce, while heavv consi,,nents from Europeau, American, and colonial ports prove that confidence mn the stability and increasing import, ance of the trade of Sydney is unshaiken, in spite. of what, it is to be hoped, is only a brief prostration of trade. "The weehy receipts from the western. southern, and noathem goldlelds, by public escort ani by private hands, were estimated at 3,000 ounces. " In Chilian flour lateprices ame not acstained, in consequence of ad-ices of large intended consig nents. Ilue is quoted at 6L.; seconds, S!. ChiUian wheat at 14s. to 16s. Qillego and Haxall brands of barrel fiour, S0s. per barreL "Timber-was eh efly in demand for building purposes. American tongued and grooved bonrds were extremely scarce, -while they are now in ur-gent request. The Magnolia, from Newv Yorl, brrught a qianiky, but it has not yet been brought into themarlcet, n or -was the cosi nment sufficiently large-to influence present prices, which wrere rimlnghigh". F -hrom lWelbourne ouir datesare 'iot sO citeasthose previously received. - E --
2. T cicox? E.EZoI-N,The electin of aamnember of Parlia3nent for linpoln ii the plsee of Aheq.JIte Colonel Sibthorp, took place yesterday at the -Guidiafl ii that city. MWjor-(u.W. Sibtlorp, the eldest -on of the lIte repieaetativo, wavs propbsed by Mr Q Wahd, and -sonde by Mrw. W. Cl. .2brton (the 'Layori, and, no other candiaida being put in noia.ton*-the-sheriffdeclIred the gawent nLajor duly ele-ted. MajorSilbthorp, in returning tianks, referred to the rain, nnscry, ind expenditure which were *necessarilyrentailed bythe IrRran which this couiarv is now engaged flbuti,-hile he aouwed his-hope thatthe Western worldamight speedily ep6y the bleosings'of. peace, he declared himuself opposed t,o any ' "patched-up, tummery peacf,"-an announcement which w5 received&vith oud cheer3. "'We may be culled upon," said the Jallint Ma,or. "andwe shall be calledimpon, to make but I believe they nill ie -cneerfujid that tEere is no disposition to Yield til *e nave si a, aoe v.itUtznay be hon,o=rble Landlasting.") 1ki cheers eIa eply to questions whiceh were tput t i5 r Sit and th ianeome. in e-aUistcd 211pr, avoizse im sel "ani with a vote ofthanl;s to the s=51 tii
TilE lAR ILN -ASIA. In the spring of 1855, whon the attention of the public was engrowssd. by the sufferinds of our bravo oldiers in the Crime; anwa when all tlinking men were eagerly devising expethients for the prevention of such gufierings for the future, a better aystem of 2nedical and surgical relief for the sick or wounded stood first among the reforms that seemed imperative. At this conjunctture, General Cannon waited ulpon the, Duke of Newcastle, and described to him in graphic language, but without the possibility of exaggeration, the miserable state of the invalids of the Turkish army. The General probably spoke, as lie might speak- truly, of sick men perishingefor want of necessary diet, of wounded men left without treatment that any surgical pupil in England could apply, of fractures unset, of bulets left where Russian powder had driven them, of bleeding vounds unstanched, of limbs mortifying ander the pressure of tight bandages. All these thins existed itt Silistria, and all these things General Cannon must have seen. What could be more disgraceful to humanity, and what was more easy than the remedy t ltich and liberal England must send forth her sons, ever ready to be in the van of improvenent, and a British medical staf nmst take away tins reproach from the armies of our ally. The despatch of a medical staff was at that time .n idea fa-niliar to the Government, and secure of the approbation of the public. The Duke listened, approved, consented. A few words pledged the hardly-taxed people of England to an expenditure bf abouit 40,000. In order that all things might be done in conformity with official routine, a gentleman already gray in tlle medical service of the Hon. .ast India Company received the sounding title of " Inspector of Hospitals in Turkey," and was commissioned to form a staff. He engaged about 40 personz to act in various capacities-as surgeons, dressers, dispensers, or interpreters-and departed with his subordinates for the Crimea. The staff reached Eupatoria in April, full of an ardour to Mwhich ouir coluams have already borne witness, eager for the immense professional advantages promised to them by their chief, and expected to be hailed as saviours by the army that their skill was to relieve. Since then nearly a year has passed away, and it is time to glance once more at their position. ]lathe month of May the inspector sent his deputy -with a portion of the staff and of the stores to Varna, with orders to organi7e a hospital there. The deputy-inspector, Mr. Farquhar, was unfettered by the habits and notions of military life. W hen a shipload of sick men came into the harbour, lie claimed them, seized them, put aside the Turkish liakeems, carried the invalids to his hospital, and treated them. Bit by bit, little by little, by de3nanding, insisting, threatening, he wrung necessaries for his patients from the hands of reluctant pashas; conquered the immense passive resistance that was opposed to all his wishes ; and was enabled to demonstrate, by the number of his cures, the superiority of the medical science of the WVest. But circumstancees have necessitated the abandonment of the Varna Hospital, and all lIr. Farquhar's work has to be done over again. In the meanwhile, at Eupatoria, the inspector acted upon a different system. Four hospitals were immediately given to him, and he declared that -when patients were brought to him under proper official authority, and when everything that could be wanted in a hospital was provided, he would allow the surgeons to do their duty in the wards. Io would be dignified and respected. If he did not get all his requirements he would write to Omar Pashka He would call upon Hercules; but he was an inspector, and God forbid that he should put his own shoulder to the wheel. So there -were no pitients; and after a time the Inspector 'of Hospitals in Turkey left, first Eupatoria, then :13al^klava, then Constantinople. WYhen }liS officers last heard of him he was taki- his ease at his club in London. The menmber3 of~ the staff, either at :Eupatoria or with the Turkish army in the field, have- dragged on their existence in hopeless idleness, or have perishted miserably of fever or cholera; and -when the survivors thtinkl; of their wasted time and damaged professional prospects, they have the consolation ot remembering that their clhief, at least, will be unscatlhed by these evils. At present, some of the surgeGns are at Sinope, waiting for a hospital that will never exist; some at Trebizond, where Mr. Farquhar's energy is brought to bear upon the -iis ine1fti of another set of pashas; and the rest in :MinDgrEia with Omar Pasha, who wishes them away, and makes no secret of his views. WVe have not space in which to recount the various indignities to which our countrymen have been subljected by the Turks; to describe how their services have been contemptuously rejected-their -utility denied-their position ignored. Suffice it that they have often been cheated of their rations, and have had to battle for the means of sustaining life. Ott object is to point out that there can be no juistification or excuse for the maintanance of the staff after the expiration of the year for which its members were engaged, and to demand from the CGovernment that there shall be no furtherfwaste of money and of lives in a useless and thankless enterprise. The Turks do not wishfor educated surgeons, atnd are too besotted in ignorance to know their walle. They desire only that the sick and wounded may die seedily, may go to the seventh heaven of the MIahomedan paradise, and may be out of the way of the survivors. Jk13iSiH CAMP, SEVA, AIGREFLIA, DEC. 11. (FROM A CORREsro,iDE&;T.) It may now be stid that Omar Pasha's winter campaign in Asia is completed, and completed in the way that every reasonable man, acquainted wtith the peculiarities of the Turks, with -the nature of the country, and with the re3sources and customary tactics of the Russians, has anticipated from the beginni. Although General Yevrier turned traitor, the defence of Mingrelia has been wisely intrusted to General Novembre. The main body of the Turkish army entered Asia at SuchuIn Kaleh in October, and marched along the shore at Shemserai, or Yenitcheri, as it is indifferently called. From this point they strauk inland, across jungle, in order to reach and to advance along the main road which leads from Redout Kaleh to Kutais. On their way it was necessary to cross the River Ingour; and the Russians had selected this river as a point at which -to offer resistance to the invaders. When the advance guard of the Turkish army, under Colonel Ballard, reached the northern bank, they found the enemy mn considerable force upon the other side, and wecre exposed to a severe- fire from a battery of three guns, which commanded their line of advance. After suffering loss in vain attempts to carry this position, Lieutenant-Colonel Simmons led- a detachment to a point higher up the stream, while Osman Pasha executed a similar movement below. The river was sucessfully forded at both points, although not withoat loss, from its depthland rapidity; and the ene.mny, being thus exposed to a cross fire, -was ceupelle, after about 20 minutos' sharp fighting, to evacuate the position and to abandon -the gunsr leavingon the field about 400 killed, besides wounded, and about 60 prisoners. The loss on tho side of the Turk5 was considerably smaller, althouigh its importance vwas enhanced by the death of Captain Dlmock-, who was mortally wounded early i the engagement. They had only6,000 men in. acion, while the Russians are said to have had S1f ; so t#at the affair of Ingour was highly cre- taiie alik;e to the officers and men of thevictorious ~y. It is a spot of sunshine vwhere everything ele ofegloom, -!e Ingour was casmied on the 6;th of NTovember. ;2t;c army then entered the Kutais road, and . without further intenTuDtion. Every now =*M -hem a halt was required, in order to wait for Vw9i,ft from Redout Ealeh; and these pro'visioex i4 not always come when they were ex- -1, :d6r dia not come ill suicient quantity. 'The tuixir-hgtrusted to the country for supplies of iiany things, more eseily- for horse forag'e- and thie country failed them totally-. They have no eomisariat estMblishment at all, or at least mone with this army; and the victu llings in the hands of pashas, -ho sit on their carpets, smoke their pipes, and say "Let us wait a little; Alah is :1nerciful; He wift send some bread and pilaff." - l!Withianding is, and notihstanding other -. difficulties, Oinar Pasha advanced to within about miles of Kutais. iBut on the 25th of November -the iny sewaon of Mngrelia set in for its accus-. -~ -taned-Jonth. - 'Evar.since it has not rained, or poured, In the Enlish aceptation of-the words.; ' bU11i-windows of Heaven have been opened, and o.ft owtet lia decnded en mase-an occa- sioWl day-of sunshine exciting hopes that have been V quenchedontle morrow,andincreasing rat}l than d r4niaidig the general nisery. The .X are .vtted into~ pond3s< tble very hiSlsidet .so quag-. mires ,the brool;lets, rising eight or ten feet n a night, into deep and rapid rivers; and the utais road, until it begmns to ascend the hils, or for the 20 miles nearest to Redout Ealeh, into a slough of despond rivalliDg that which once separated Ba=aldva from Sebastopol. Every day through this slough a few baggage horses-faint, starved, and weary-painfully toiled towards the campS carring thelittleicoeandflour that wasto stand between the army and absolute starvation. In front was Kutais, with its Russian garrison, with t-o rivers, always formidable, but now impassable, before it, with impregnable mountain passes in its rear. The camp was a sea of mud; the surrounding country a morass; the Christian inhabitants, althouggh disconteinted with their Russianmasters,still desperately hostile to the Tuirks; the men-hungry; the horses dying daily from want. Omar Pasha still talk-ed of advancing, butat last he received intelligence of the fall of Kars, and knew that MIouravieff's army was at liberty to swsell the number- of his opponents. Then the retret was ordered; and while Iwritethe Turks are moving to the seaboard as rapidly as the state of the weather and the deficiency of the means of transport will permit. Redout Ealeh, on the shore, and Hopeh, a village a few miles inland, are the places fiaed upon for vinter quaters; and Lieutenant-Colonel Simmons, C.B., the British Commissioner, has taken leave of absence in order to return to England. It would be impossible to do more than justice to many of the good qualities of the Tlirkish soldier, as shown under these trying circumstances. Utterly despising, or completely ignorant of, smartness, and most imperfectly disciplined, he possesses a courage, a hardihood, a power of patient endurance, intimately connected with his creed and national customs that qualify hirm in an eminent degree for all the duties of military life. This has been often said, but those who hourly see its truth cannot refrain from saying it again. Yesterday a poor feUow, as ho toiled along by a baggage horse, asked me, with touching simplicity, wchy the army wias comnig back? He could not understand that any difficuilties were insurmountable by the children of the Prophet. Throughout his brief campaign, Omar Pasha has adopted a highly lenient policy with regard to the na4rives; a polcy so lenient that it is to be feared a wild people wl interpret it as a confession of weakness, while the hostility of the Greek church towards Mussulmans i5 far too deeply rooted to be quenched by a little civility. This feeling appears to be gaining ground among the invaders, for in one village, a few days ago, aU deserted shops and houses were allowed to be broken open and plundered, although a guard was placed to protect those of which the proprietors still remained. The Mingre- lians speak freely of Russian oppression, saying that 1 their property has been taken without payment,| and that their houses have been burnt in order to! compel their departure. They are friendly and civil to the few Christians in the army, and would probably. have received the English or French with open arms; but they all carry guns, and they shoot a stray Turk without mercy. Two soldiers were shot yesterday within 100 yards of the camp, and one has been stabbed this morning. The country around in fine weather would be singularly beautiful and picturesque, abounding in forest, and the view limited by snow-capped mountains. Where the tents are now pitched the neighboiuing ground is intersected by deep ravines, and is covered with fine oak trees, and wvith an undergrowth of yellow azalea in full blossom. Hence there is abundance of wood, and some possibility of opposing fire to water. And so ends this campaion, undertaken a month too late to be successful, and conunenced without any of the means and appliances essential to the health, if not to the existence, of an army. The Turks were sick of inaction, complained loudly of their position in the Crimea, longed for a scope, a theatre, an enemy. Pashas and Bimbashis proclaimed that they were eager to die, that they would never tuin their backs to a foe, and, over their chibouques, indulged in Alnaschar-like visions of Georgian maidens and of Muscovite spoiL One rainy fortnight has cooled their impetuous courage, drowned their enthusiasm, and washed out their zeal. It has exposed their wealkness, has shown the rottenness of their system and the incapacity of their Goveniment; has sent their arny back, in an ignominious retreat, over ground which they should never have traversed in their advance, and has written, in indellible characters, another blumder uIpon the page of history. All their expenditure of life and money has effected nothing but the passage of a river; and the occupation of some strong positions that nowv have to be abandoned. The surrender of Kars by General WiMliams is believed to have been unconditional, but since the intelligence that a capitulation was determined upon no further tidings have reached the camup. There is a report, possibly unfounded, that the French are about to take upon themselves the treatment of the sick and wrounded of the Ottoman army. They will soon find out their mistake, unless the superior energy and decision of our neighbours enable them to succeed where we have signally failed. TheBritishGovermmentsentoutastaffforthispurpose in the spring of 1855, and some of its members are still scattered in various parts of the East, while the inspector was lately taking his ease at his club in London. But the slureons have been kept in idleness whenever it was possible, and were, many of them, idle at Eupatoria after the 13th of June, and after the fall of the south side of Sebastopol, when our own poor fellows and oiur overworked medical officers would have been thankful for their aid. Surgeon Edwards, of the Turkish staff, was present at Ingour, and rendered there such services as to receive the special thanks of Onar Pasha, but the wounded were sent to a hospital at Suchurm Kaleh, niost of them to perish miserably through the ignorance and inefficiency of the native doctors. The truth is, that the Turkish authorities desire all their wounded to die as soon as possible, lest they should reqrure pensions; and they look upon a skilful military surgeon as the wvorst enemy of the State. The French will have to change the spots of the leopard before they can enforce proper treatment for the wounded soldiers of " our gallant allies." Dxsc. 13. Yesterday Omar Pasha continued his retreat as fa r as Bija, a village about four miles inland from Hopeh, and where it is supposed he will remain for the winter. This morning he received the conditions of the surrender of Kars, and as these are more favourable than was hoped for, the Turks try to flatter themselves that they have done something by their expedition. General Wli iams, Major Lake, and the reg,ular Turkish soldiery of the garrison are detained as prisoners of war; but the BashiBazouJ, the Redifs, and all Poles and Hungarians are allowed to depart free. A Russian deserter arrived in camp to-day, and states that there is a strong force in Kutais, but no movement in pursuit of the Turks, who appear to feel secure in their present position. Skender Pasha is in command of the rear-g,uard, and great confidence is placed in his vigilance and military skldl.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A paragph having got into circulation, stating that Father Matew has become a missionary in the Feejee Islands, I hope you will allow me to publish through 27ic Times an extract from a letter I have received this morning from that distinguished man, in vhich he observes,-" Since my return to Ireland (from Madeira) I have not left for a single day my dear brothe's house, to Mhich I am couilned by illness. My heart is still, thank God, as ardent as ever in the glorious caulse of temperance." The friends cf Father Mathew will thus learn with sorrovw that he yet suffers from that paralytic attack which led to hls temporary sojourn in Madeira. I am. Sir. Your obedient servant. DAWSON RURNS National Temperance Society, Bishopsegte- street Within, Jan. 16.
LhvmpoGL GRiD PouvTrY SOHw,-LIVEnPOOL, Jan. 16.-The annual exhibition of fancy oultry was opened to-day at Lucas's Cariage Repository, eat Char- lotte-street. There is a sensible falling off m the number' of birds exhibited, and a less numerous attendance of - visitors than on former occasions affords proof that the rage 'for poultry showsis on the decline. There are in all 417 pens, of which decidedly the best are the Spanish, c6loured Dorking, game, Polands, and Haimburgs, of fhe best varieties, while Cochin-Ch;nas, which two yeas ago were more numerous andc ada larger number of admirers than any otber kind, were at a decided discount. The silver cup and first and second prizes for Spanish (cock and two hens) were awarded to Mbr. H. D. Da-ies, of Sring-grove-ouse, Hounslow, near London, who. also carried off the second prize for Spanish cockand two pullets, fist prize forBramah PootrAs, &c. The Rev. S. Donn, of Oswery, showed some splendid pens of coloured Dorking, for one of which he was awarded a silver cup and first prize. Several of the pens weremarked at fabulous seling pinces. For. instance, two cocirs and two pullets, coloured Dorking, belonging to IMr. William Wrigrht, West Bank, near Warringto. were marked respectivety 1,0007. ! T2ie Eari of Sefton was a succe&'fu exhibitor of game fowl and turkeys. The show ttll conu tinue open to-mo±IoW ahd Frdy . -.
RUSSIA AND SWEDEN. In the recent treaty between Sweden and thoe Wesern Powers stress is laid upon the attempts rnadeby Russia to obtain a seaport on the coast of Norway. The 2ord publishes the following seniiofficial letter on tho subject, chiefly addresed against an -article in tho C(onstiidioinel.- " Long before the acquisition of Finland RuLssia already possessed ina the north of that province a large tract of iand on the coat of the Frozen Ocean. Without speaking of Kola-which by-the-by the English thought fit to pillage in 1809, and -which they reduced to ashes in 154-it may not be out of.place .to call to mind here that there exists on the left bank of the Paswig or Pasrek, and not far from its mouth, a Greco-Russian chapel at about 150 versts distauce from Kola. " That chapel, constructed under tho invocation of tho Saints Boris and Gleb, dates from the 16th century, neither more nor less. According to popular belief, it was founded by St. Tryphon, the first Apostle who brought the light of Christianity among those savage tribes. "Since 1826 the Pasrek forms the boundary line between Russia and Norwegian Lappmark. Its stream divides into two nearly equal partsa territory estimated at about 6,000 versts, and which Hagelstam, in his map of Sweden and Norwy,has designated as Fadicd-distrider (common districts). This land continued to bo so called tiU 1826, because the possession thereof had never been accurately determined. " Such was primitively the state of things between tho two countries, and there never existed, I believe, tho sigiftest dispute on the subject between Russia and Norway. The climate, tho poor soil, the povej;ty of the country were not worth the expense of a moro distinct lino ef boundary. The inhabitants, however, paid their taxes, turn about, to Russia and Norway, which even procured for them the cognomen of "Dvoledantzi"-that is to say, double taxpayers. It is mOreover asserted that a Norwegian functionary coming. from Wadsoe made his appearanco periodicaly on the territory of the common districts, and solemnly protested, in presence of witnesses who accompanied him, against the domination of Russia; then, having drawn up an official statement of lii protestation, he returned quietly as he came. This formality, which, as may be conceived, by no means interrupted the gooa feeling in the mutual relations in tho neighbourhood, took place for the last time in 1806. Such were (I quoto textually) ' tlle diplomatic manceuvres of Russia to extend her frontiers in the north of Scandinavia as far as the shores of the Frozen Ocean.' " Let us see what arose from this state of things since tho union of Norway with Sweden. " It was from that period that the Swedish Government thought of regulating the respective positions. On its proposition commissaries were sent, in 1825, to tho locality to settle a demarcation line and division of the territories hitherto enjoyed in common. The Russian delegates were Lieutenant-Colonel Galiamine, of the Staff, and AL Weikhardt. They drew a map of the country, and gathered information respecting the few families that inhabited it, their means of existence, and their wants. This labour became afterwards the basis of a treaty conchided at St. Petorsburg onthe 2d(14th) of May, 1826. Tlhe Paswig. or Pasrek, was rocognized in a portion of its course as a boundary line between the Russian and Norwegian territories, but the chapel of the Saints Boris and Gleb, with about one verst of land, was especiaUy reserved to Russia. The inhabitants respectively retained for the term of six years the right of fishing and shooting on the foreign territory, but the common pasturage for the rein - deer was suppressed. The Laplanders who had become Russiansubjects were prohibited from sending their reindeer to pasture on Norwegian ground, and vice versd. At the expiration of the six years fixed by the treaty a protocol, signed in 1834, put an end to the reciprocal right of fishing and shooting, reserving only to the inhabitants of the district of Paswig the right of salmon fishing in Norwegian waters, a privilege they had enijoyed from timo immemorial. "In the course of the year 1826, in which the treaty abovementioned was concluded, the eommissaries executed on the spot the material works for a boundary line. At the same time they revised and re-established the frontier which has existed since 1751 between Finland and Nonvay, and of which mention is made in the first article of the treaty of 1826. " By this treaty RTussia ceded to Norway not only the mouth of the Paswig, but also a tract of Land situated to the east of that river, and of which the garrison of the Norwegian fort of Wardochuus, to the north of Warangenflord, stood in need to procure firewood. " It is indispensable to observe here that in the Whole course of these negotiations it is impossible to find the slightest trace of those reciprocally hostile dispositions of the two countries as certain organs of the press would wish it to be believed existed. On the contrary, it is manifesttlhat everything was amicablysettled underthe influence of a mutual desire not to put an end to disputes which did not exist, but to prevent the possibility of such occurring. This is so true that the King of Sweden ex pressed his lively satisfaction when he announced the con. clusion of the negotiation to the States of the k-ingdom. "I have alluded above tothe limitstracedin 1751 between Finland and Norway. A glancoe at tAe map will show that the line ascends the Tornea and the M'xonio, and, having passed Muonioniska, then suddenly takes a north-westerly direction, passes before Enontelds, KEiltpisjaur, &C., and descends then in a south-easterly direction so as to form a considerable wedge into the Norwegian territory. It is relative to the incident (an incident we shall shortly relate), which gave rise to this territorial configuration that the Const itutionnd, mixing uptruth with error, has endeavoured to present in an odious light the intentions and measures of the Russian Government. A simple statement of facts will suffice to reduce to nothing aUl these accusations of encroachment so unjustly brought against the Cabinet of St. Petersburg. ' And, first of all, ono thing mus be stated; it was not Russia who drew the line of demarcation we have just described. She found it established for more than a century when she took possession of Finland. Hooever, as the Finland boundary line did not quite respond to the views of the Sweedish Government, it expressed a desire of having it altered by the cession on the part of Russia of the dcmnienCkztY As it had always belonged to Finland, Russia did not think it necessary to give it up gratuitously, without demanding in exchange some equivalent agreeable to the Swedish Government-for intance, a point whieh would offer a market for Finland produce. The matter rested there without anything coming of st. "It is possible-for I am not, like the writer in theCo*stiiutionn cl, in the secret of Cabinet negotiations-it is poss ibe, I say, that since then the idea of obtaining a mart on the Frozen Ocean-notably on thoGulf of Warangenfliord-may have been mooted in Finland, when the Norwegians claimed the right to send their reindeer to the pasturages in the vicinity of Lake Enara. "There is, however, an immense difference between a mart for the produce of a country little favoured by nature, and a miitary and naval establishment. And, moreover, Iif the gentlemen of the Constitzutionsnd would take- the trouble to look at the map they would be *onvinced that Warangenfiord is at a considerable distance from that fortunate Eldorado of theNorwegian coast,where the waters are never frozen ; they would also find to their great satisfaction that the Norwegian fort of Wardechuus commands the entrance of the golf, and that a Russian military establishment would cut a sorry figure there. " It is thus shown to vwhat the chief complaint brought by the French journal against Russia is reduced. The question of the recent closing of the frontier, while it rests on a more real fact, is not justly interpreted. That mcasure, which was resolved upon purely on internal and administrative grounds, is also easilyexplained. A brief historical statement of facts wil suffce to exculpate the Russian Government from the malevolent imputations urged against it. The propriety of the measure may be questioned, but the sense of it cannot be distorted. " In 1751-that is to say, at the period when the House of Holstein-(ottorp ascended the throne of Sweden-Finland was a Sweedish province, and Norvay a dependency of Denmark To cut short dissensions which had existed for a long time between Sweden and Denmark, the treaty alluded to above was concluded between the two Powers. It fixed the frontier which was to separate Sweden and Norway from the most southern point on the Skager-Backto KolmisoWlie-Madakietsa in the north, where it touches the Russian territory. It settled, even to the most minute details, the boundary relations which were to exist between the Finnish Laplanders on one side, and the Norwegian Laplanders on the other. This regultion referred especially to- . "L The pasturagea for the reindeer sought according -to the season of the year on either territory. '"2. The EIsing carried on by the EiSnlanders on the coast of Norway. These were vital questions for both parties. The dis-, cussions and feuds which might arise, the mode of adjusting them-all wasprovidedfor in the treatyandinits additional articles. " In 180P, by the treaty of Fxiedrichshamn, Russia took the same position toTards Norway as had hitherto been held by Sweden. Onits side, Sweden, bythe treaty of Xie' of 1814, inherited, if we may bo allowed to. quote 'the very expression of the Con3titutionnel, the zi&ts- and obligations of Norway towards Finland, which had.become Rnssian. " However, a long series of years might have chknged in u respects, if not tne'intiuciuad warnts.of the reindEer, at least the customs of the men, Lsplanders thogh they are. One must, therefore, be simple to a degree to DoW astonishment that a regulation made in 1751 should underg3 some modification in 1840. Tho Russian Government and that of Sweden were, moreover, perfectly agreed upon this point. Commissaries were appointed on both sides. They first met at Abo, *ad, not having come to an imderstanding, were called to St. Petersburg to continue their labours, in some measure under the eyes of the Imperial Cabinet and the Swedish Minister. But the negotiations did not suoceed better in that capital than at Abo. "The chief ditliculty was the question of deciding whether tho treaty of 1751 was strictly and reciprocay binding botween two Powers, one of which (Russia) had succeeed:1 tothe rights and oblgations of Sweden, and tho other (Sweden) to the rights and obligations of Norway. The wye of the Constitueiennd may settlo this knotty legal pointas peremptorily as they may think fit at first sight - t the less true that it did not appear so simplo to the statesmen of the two countries who were called to study it, and, after manydeliberations, did not lead to aiy result, producing only a host of notes, memoranda, and protocols, which, like those of Vienna, will one day provide 'vrecious materials' for future negotiators. It was only after this abortive negotiation that the Ruxssian Government, after a long lapse oF timue, took the resolution of ecarrying out a. measure, the intention of adoptin,gwhich it had previously announceed, and whereby it closed the irontier in question. " Such was the course of events which led to thqe closing, in vhich the Conmlifutionnde strains its endeavoursto discover the first signal of an attempt of an invasion by Russia of Norwegian territ
N1AVAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. Tho Bucephalus, No. 127, sailing transport, arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon frore Balakiava. Owing to contrary winds she has had a long passage-two months She has brought home a large cargo of Russian spoils from Sebastopol, being a portion of the English share of the stores captured there. They includo 75 guns of various calibre, several mortars, and a number of church bells, some of the latter of great weight and large size. The weight of one of these bells is two tons. The Bucephalus has also a large quantity of shell, shot, 8c., on board. The spoils have been sent home in charge of Major Lukin and 24 men of the Royal Artillery. The Bucephalus is ordered to sail for Woolwrich, which she waas to do last night, to land her cargo. The Niger, 14, screw sloop, Commander Hire, arrived at Spitheadyesterdayfrom thefBlackSea and theMediterranean. Sho left halta on the 24th of December, and proceeded to Tunis to assist in saving two or threo Maltese merchant vessels wrecked there. Shedid not, however, succeed. She then left for Gibraltar, leaving that place for Spithead on the 3d of January. She has had a long passage home, and put into Falmouth, where she remained tvo days. She is ordered to Woolwich to have damaages repaired; they are considerable. The Avon steamveesel arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from Plymouth with supernumeraries and men belonging to the Colossus, 80, screw, whose leave of absence has. expired. Tho crew of the screw steamship Exmouth, 90, Captain W. K. HalL at Plymouth, got up lower yards and topmasts on Tuesday. The screw steamsloop Satellite, 20, having been rigged by the riggers of the Dovonport Dockyard, was removed from the basin dock on Tuesday, and warped to the north jetty, where she is ready for commission. The hired screw steam transport Borussia, Captain H. ERalers, 12 hours from Portsmouth, arrived on Tuesday evening at Plymouth, where she will embark a detachment of the Land Transport Corps for the Crimea. The Alban, 4, paddlewheel steamvessel, Lieutenant William 13. Fisher, was taken into dry dock, Sheerness, on Tuesday, for repair of damage done to paddlewheels, 8cc., caused by cutting through the ice on her return from Cuxhaven. The following ships and vessels in commission are now in port at Sheerness, most of which are behig fitted for immediate service:-The Waterloo, 120 guns, flagship, Captain Lord Frederick Kerr; the Royal George, 102 guns, screw steamship, Captain Henry T. Codrington, C.B. ; the Ma. jestic, 80 guns, screw steamship, Captain James Hope, C.B.; the Amphion, 34 guns, screw steam-frigate, Captain Astley C. Key, C.B.; the Horatio, 8 guns, screw steamship, Captain the Hon. Arthur A. Cochrane, C.B.; the Volage, storeship, 3aster-Commander John C. Hutchings; the Rtetribution, 28 guns, paddlewheel steam-frigate, Captain Thomas Fisher, late flagship to Rear-Admiral Rtobert L. Baynes; the Wasn, 14 guns, screw steamsloop, Commander Henry floyd; the E9sk, 21 guns, screw stearm.corvette, Captain Thomas T. Birch; the Porcupine, 3 gun, paddlewheel steanvessel, Lieutenant-Commander George 3x Balfour; the Thunder, 14 guns, floating battery, Captain George G. Randolph; the Trusty, 14 guns, floating battery, Captain Frederick A. Campbell; the Lightning, 3 gtusE, paddlewheel steamvessel (tender to Duke of Wellington), MasterCvommander Henry A. Moriarty; the Lizard, 1 gun, iron paddlewheel. steamivessel (tender to Waterloo), Lieutenant Thomas B. Christopher; the mortar boats Mauly and Drake; the gunboat Thistle (tender to Royal George), Lieutenant-Commander David Spain; the Cheerful, 2% screw steam gruboat, Lieutenant-Commander William H. Rason; the. Seagull, 2, screw steam gunboat, Lieutenant-Commander Montague T. 0. ReiUy; the Bustard, 2% screw steam gunboat; the Sheldrake, 2 screw steam gunboat, Lieutenant-Conm. mander C. HE. Simpson; the Sandfly,. 2, screw steam gunboat, Lieutenant-Comuander Bevile G. W. Nicolas; the Banterer, 2, screw steam gunboat; the Plover, 2, screw steam gunboat, Lieutenant-Commander Keith Stewart; the Tickler, 2, screw steam gunboat, Lieutenant-Commander CLarles J. Balfour; the Otter, 3, paddlewheel steamvessel, Lieutenant-CommanderJohn IL Glover; the Cuckoo, 3S paddlewheel steamvessel, Lieutenant-Commander Augustus G. B. Murray; the Wildfire, paddleowheol steamvessel, tender to the Waterloo, Master-Commander George Brock. man; the African steamtugvessel ; the fyrtlepaddbewheelsteamvessel, Master Commancdr William S. Bourchier ; and the Fearless paddlewheel steamvessel, Second Master-Commander Rheuben Harvey. A detachment of Royal Marines, consisting of 1 sergeant, 1 bonabardier, 2 gunners, and 8 privates, were told out from head-quarters, Woolwich, yesterday morning, and proceeded on board the Salsette for service int Her MIajesty's ship Intrepid, fitting out at BlackwalL- To-day l acting corporal and 4 privates of the Royal MIarines will embark on board the gmuboat Cockehafer, and a detaehment is to be distributed for the gunboats Ruby and Pelter, to make up some deficiencies arising from various casualties. Hier Majesty's steam sloop Pearl, Captain Sotheby, has shipped her complement of guns in Woolwich Dockyardnamely, 20 broadside 68-pounder, and .one 10-inch shell gun in her bow. The Pearl and a number of ships which are being fitted out in Woolwich Dockyard are still short of hands, and, as well as the gunboats, experienee great diffi. culty in raising crews. A further supply of machinery for the small arms ftctory at Enfield was yesterday morning landed at the Axsenal, Woolsaich, from the Robbins and Lawrence Company, Windsor, Vermont, United States of America. The Providence, Dackets, Albatross, and Vhaley schooners have arrived at Woolvich, and are landing their cargoes of mixed shot from the Yorkshire and Scotch foundries, consisting of 800 tons. The pontoon mortar raft is again -in- service orden, was yesterday morning supplied with her piece of ordnance, and is to go down from Woolwich Dockyard to the Royal Arsenal-quay to be supplied with her ammunition for the purpose of carrying out her series of experiments at Shoeburlanesr the establishment of a standard casting foundry in the Royal Arsenal grounds, Wuelwrich,-hsve bee approved by Government,; consequently, the erection of the building is to be commenced in the early part of next ApriL To remedy, so far as possible, the nuance created by the smoke which issues from the various shafts attached to the smithy anld other factory departments, the experiment is to be attempted of carrying the new shaft to the height of 240 feet. The asylum in course of ereationatFort Pitt for deranged soldiers arriving from foreign stations is progressirg. 'he buildin- will be composed of 14 rooms, some sufficently large fo the association of the insane considered harmlessothers small, and padded for the reception of violent cases. It is rumoured that the present mode of supplying the army with regimental clothing and necessaries will be discontinued at the end of the military year, aid that a general contract for the whole army will be entered into, the supply to be furnished by one contractor, and that Weedon will be the great depOt to receive all clothing and stores for inspection previous to their being forwarded on requisitions tothe different corps. Ei hty-to Crimean invaiUds will leave St. Mary's Barracks, Chatham, to-day, being unfit for further active service. Clothing from the Crimean Fund has been issued to themn by the donnuittee appointed for such purpose. The depdt of the 69th Regiet in-Ireland has notgtiven as many volunteers for the'lEast as was expected, the nismher wrho offered themselves being but 65, The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- The Hon. A. 1L Corry, Mate to the Pearl; B. P. Pocock, Acting-Mate to the Centurion; G. N. Smallpiece, Midshipman to the Sappho ;C. G. Stanley, MIidshipman to the Intrepid ; G. A F. Day, Second Master t6 the Forth; IL. Walling, Surgeon to the Flying Fish;' W. B. Rich, Clerk totheForthi CorbetC.Edwards,ClerktotheSeahorse; J. K Pearse, Clerk to the Pearl; Allen F. Gain, Acting-Clerk to the Amphion; J. R. BertrandfAssistant-Clerk to the BuDldog-;J. E. 'Stanton, Assistant-Clerktoethe Sansparell: W. Phllips, Assistant-Clerk to the Geyser; C. F. o tlgtl , Assistant-Clerk to the Desperate* Archibald Dn Joainton tssistant-Clerk to the Sansir eil; Waiter Wrighct, Assistant-Clerk to the Sappho; D:avid W. Wise, Asistant-Clerk to the Gorgon; '-~- - * ' BXMHTlI IttLL - The Carlow Rifles are to give volunlteers for the line next w leek. Upwvards of-100 of the- men hare already intihiated to the commanding offlicer their willinguess'to take actire ,servicv., r- .. _
-AWRDEZ OF A SOLICITOR. Ir BEDFOBD. 1 RI: OW. X. dreadful occurnno took place yetterday 3odItB 6 half-past 10 oclock at the oDrner of Bedford-row, wh Created great excitement, not only in the immediate neigh. bourhood, but in the law courts and public offices, whither the intelligence very rapidly sprad. Mr. Goorgo Waugh, the aonior pa#tner in the well-known firm of Wauglh and Mitchell, of 5, Great James-street, B3edford-rowf, ws deliberately shot by a person named Weetron, and died on the spot. The circumstances of the case, as narated to our reporter, ato as follows Mfr. Waugh, vho resides at Notting-hill, had come into town as usual to transact his business, and was walking into Bedford-row, when a man, who proved to be Mr. Westron, suddenly ran out of Eand-court, and made towards him as if he had been waiting for him. Mr, Waugh, who appeared to recognize the person, endevoured to avoid him, but when Westron got close up to him he presented a pistol at him and deliberately shot him in the breast. The *ufortunate gentleman gavo a sudden spring in the air, and, with an ejaculation, " 0 God ! ta'ke him-hold him I" fell dead upon the pavement. The murder was witnessed by several persons closeby,who immediately ran up, and Westron, who made no resistance, was at once taken into custody by Hutchins, the beadle of Bedford-row. Beforo ho was taken he threw two pistols in the road, one of which on being picked up was found to bo loaded, the other being the one with which he had shot his victim; it was quito warm, and showed evident marks of having been recently discharged. The Mash of tho pistol -was seen by a man named Becker, who ran forward and supported thb deceased, vwhoso clothes were saturated with blood, which was streaming from a largo aperture-in hisbreast. Themurderwas also witnessed bya man named James Loynes, who saw Westron run out of Hand-court, and directly afterwards he heard the report of the pistol, and saw the deceased fall. MIr. John Abrahlam, managing clerk to Messrs. Atldnson, of 51, Bedford-row, happened to be looking out of the window at the timo, and saw the prisoner gg up to Mr. Waugh, and heard him say that the deceased had compelled him to eat nothing but bread and cheese for a fortnight. He also saw him fire the pistoL Among a number of others who were attracted to the spot wa3s Mrr. Gibbon, a surgeon, who immediatelypronounced the unfortunate gentleman to be quito dead. Onexamining the body, he found that the bal had strueck against the ribs, and, passing in a downward course, had gone directly through the heart, lodging seauewhere in the back. Death must have been instantaneous. Just after he had fired the pistol the murderer wus heard by a man named Richard Beckinghwn, who was a short distance off, to say, "I did it. I have not a friexd in the world." He made no attempt whatever to escape. As may be imagined, a crowd of persons, attracted bythe report of the pistol, very soon collected, and the body of lMr. Waugh was conveyed to his office and deposited there, in orderthat it might be viewed bythe coroner's jury; while the prisoner was at once conveyed to Hunter-street station by the beadle. The prisoner appeared to be perfectly calous and indifferent to the awful position in which he had placed himself, and, on being told that his victim was dead, said that he in tendedltokillhim. Onarrivingatthe stationhewas given into the custody of Inspector Cneckley, and on his way to the police-court said that if it had not been for Waugh he should have had SDDf., but that ho had thro-wn his (the prisoneres) affairs into Chancery, and he could not get half that amount. He also made some other statements to the police officers, which are detailed in the evidence before the policemagistrate given below. RXA3MNATION OF THE PRISONER. At 1 o'clock the prisoner, who was very respectably dressed, and has a hump on his back, was brought before Mfr. TnwHm', at Clerkenwell, and charged with the wilful murder of Mr. Georgo Waugli by shooting him with a pistol. The court was crowded to excess. The first witness caUed was Mr. Lewis Mathew Becker, who said,-I resido at No. 11, Stationers'-hall-court, city, and at 9, Harrington-street, Camden-town, and am an engraver. This day, about half-past 10 o'clock, I was proceeding along Bedford-street, Bedford-row. I sawa gentleman before me, and he was about to tumn down Hand-court. I then saw the prisoner run across the road-that is to say, he came from Hand-court towards Mr. Waugh, the deceased. The prisoner lifted up his hand, and I immediately saw a Lash and heard a report. T3at report proceeade from the weapon the prisoner had in hiis hand. Mr. Waugh bounded up about a foot in the air, and foel on the ground, breading his hat in the falL A gentleman then came up and took hold of the prisoner's arm. Before that I should mention the prisoner threw a pistol on the ground. Another pistol was also given to me, which was cocked, loaded, and had a cap on. Both pistols were brass. I was about 30 feet fromn the deceased when he felL I did not hear the deceased say anything. The prisoner, who was standing with his arms folded and appeared very cool and collected, said, in answer to Mr. TSRmsr, that he had no questions to ask. Mr. John Abraham said, he was a managing clerk, and that morning he was in his employer's offices, at 51, Bedfordrow. At about 25 minutes past 10 o'clock ho pulled down the office window, and gazed about for a few monlents. Ho observed the prisoner standing on the opposite side of the way, and saw him cross tow ards lMr. Waugh, who -was on his way to his chambers, and immediately after.ards heard the report of a pistoL He hastened downstairs and seized the prisoner, who did not attempt to escape, and said to him, "What did you do that cowardly act fore' He replied, "Mr. Waugh has rained me." He repeated that once or twice. Mr. Waugh was a man of about 56 years of age, and was onhis-waytohisofficeatthetimeof themurder. The prisoner afterwards said, " Mr. WaVugh has ruined me, and has compelled me to eat bread and cheese for 10 days at a time." He was then secured. Mr. Septimus Gibbon, a surgeon, said,-I was in the office of Mr. Gibbon, opposite Great James-street, at 10 o'clock this mornig. While there I wsw called to see a gentleman who had been shot. I went and saw Ir. Waugh being taken into his office. His clothes were saturated with blood, and he was quite dead. I examined the deceased, and found a perforated wound in the chest below the fourth nb, and close to the breastbone. In was in the region ef the heart. The ball had taken a downward direc. tion, and had gone through the substance of the heart, The wound,would bo the imnmediate cause of death. I probed the wound, and I found that it was more than four inches in depth. The baU had struc3k a nb, which accounted for its taking a downward direction. Thomas Hutchins, streetk-eeper of Bedford-row, proved taking the prisoner into custody, when he said, "He ruined me, and I will be the ruin of him." He saw a pistol lying in the gutter, when he asked the prisoner if he had any more firearms about him, and he said "'so." On going to the station the prisoner said once or twice that " the deceased had been the ruin of him-that he wanted his money to go abroad with." In Branswick-square the prisoner gave him a large clasp knife, of the dagger description, which he took out of his breast pocket. Richard Beckingham said, he ws a porter, and that morning he saw the prisoner standing at the corner of Hamd-court. He saw the prisoner deliberately take an aim with a pisIol at Mr. Waugh. He heard a report, and then saw M1r. Waugh fall. While Mr. Waugh was staggering he heard himsay, "Hold him !'he (vitness) at the time having his hand on the prisoner's shoulder. When he caught hold ot the prisbner he safd, - I did it-I have not got a rk=ud in the world." Inspector Checkley, E division, said,-I received the prisoner into my custody. On the road to the stationhouse he made a statement to me while in the cab. He said, " If it had not been for the deceased I should have been in possession of 800s., now I shall only have 400!. God knows when I shall have that, as he threw it into Chancery." Francis Hayes, sergeant, 43 E, said,-I was on duty w'hen the prisoner was brought to the stationhonse. He said Mr. Waugh had brought it all unonhimself; ho had cheated him of his estate-some acres of land. He also said that he had married into his (prisower's) family b he was a relation of his. The prisoner added. "Now I am satisfied." Witness searched: the prisoner, and found a silver watch, the half of a 51. and half of a 10!. note, and IL 1M2. in a porte. monnaie, &c. James Loynes said,-I live at No. 5, Chapel-street, Pentonville. IwascrossingBedford-row, nearEHand-court. I saw th,e prisoner ran across. I saw a gentleman (deceased)meeting him; he raised his arm, and I heard the disgharge of a pistol. The yrisoner threw the pistol away. The prisoner was taken mto ustody. This being all the evidence at present adduced, MIr. Tvmwrsarw asked the prisoner what he had to say to the charge ? Prisoner (coolly).-I have nothing to say at present. Mr. TV mm-I shIll remand you forfurther eaminl tion oD. Wednesday next. MIr. Mould, the chief clerk, then bound over the several witnesses to appear and proscl ute the prisoner at the Old Bailey Sessions for the ilM murder of the deceased. - The prisoner stepped from the bar with apparenit indiffer. ence, and was t en to the lock-up. cell by Waddigton, thegoler,who was instracted not'to leave himbyhimself, and to keep a careful w atch over him. , In the course of the day he vas conveyed to the House of' 1 Ietentionwin the police van. On the, termination of the inqwury Inspector Checldey pr6ceeded to the residence of the prisoner, who lives at Newlyn-street, Rensington, in orcder to seie any documents wich may throw light- on the motives by wv ich he was actuated. From the inquiries made by the pollee it appearS that the prisoner and Mr. Waugh were conneted in someLaw iproceedings. .The prisoner hadi frequently threatened the deceased, and it had been thought noeessary cn a pre. ijous occasion that he shouldbebe bound over to keep th pme;wbih was dwoe, -.a -.
LA* IEPO2T. CoOImR nP fFrAWCEVRIV- 'I !COI2,-MM. JQA. 16. (&fore tae ku vm&ZD LOxE) B5=}{ V. AoiMSDtv. -I - - - Tis wa an appeal from a decree of a. t-"er 04 ani Rolls, relting to the constmution of a ;l4,t-e iu the 'II of a person named John Aistroyg. It ' 11""ed *t previous to the year 1848 the testator was ig1ithip with the plaintift George Smith in the busilei o xt tss, rmrvvors, nnd builders, and in that yearr nellthed° hi h xhare m -the copxrtnerahip in faour of -his J&eob 413pleford Byan agreement then enter6lintotw A tator advanced 2,0004 on behalf of his nepheW:i sharo inr St capital of the basiness, and also lent the Ssi0il the .m se 7,000!. inth proportions following-tht is ti say, 2,10CF to the firm, 3,0. to the plaintiff, George Shioth, individually, and,6W. to theplintiffZJacobApplefordilLndividually. There was due to tho testator upon the 7,00D. rloan at the time of his death the am of 6,001b The rcl in the testator's will which gave rie to the present suit wa in these words-"I forgive to S y said nephew, Jacib Appleford. the debt of 2,%0D0, which I adyvnced to him or? loan;" and the question was what 2,00W.. the testator intended to refer to? A referenoe was directed to the chief clerk to ascertain whether Jacob Appleford was indebted to the testator in respect of the 2,0001. paid by him on behalf of his nephew's capital in the year 1M, and the chief clerk certified that he was not, inasmuch as the 2,000Z. as a gift from the uncle-to the nephew. Under these circumstances it was contended by the plamtiiff that the testator must havo intended to forgehis nephew his proportionate share in the 6,0004v debt, which would amount to somewhereabout2,003.; whilefortliedefendants, the executors of John 'Amstrong's will, it was urged that all the testator meant by the clause in the wll was to set a' rest anydoubtthat might be entertained wlethei thee OOD! advanced by him on his nephew entering into the partnership, s a gift to him or only ab loan. the ldaster of the olls took the latter view of the c.s, and dismissed the bilL From this dedsion thet plaintiffs appealed. fr. I. Palmer and Mr. S. LAW appeared for the appellants; Mr. Glasse and3lr. l)e Gem supported the decree. The Loan CHANcki;Lbl, at the concusiontof the argaments, said, the sole question was what the tiitator meant by the before-mentioned clause in his will, or, in other words, what debt of 2,00W. he thereby referred to? Now, the appellants' case was that it couldinot be meant to apply to the 2,000. advanced by the testator on the new partnership, as that was clearly a gift to his inphew, and, therefore, the testator must have intenaed to forgive his nephew his share in the 6,0(WV. debt, to the extent of 2,(00. On the other hixd, the re spondents insisted that it was not clear the testator, by the advance of the 2,00D., intend-e anything milore than a loan to that extent to his nephew. and which loan he forgave him by the clause in his will - or else, airmposing the fanding of the chief clerk, that it vwas a gift, to. be correct, the testator only referred to it in his will to make assurance doubly sure, and could not he supposed, when speaking of a specific loan of 2,0(Xt. to his nephew, to have in his- mind such nephe's untLertamed sharo in a 6,0004 debt. Now, if it were terial to decide whether the advanee of 2,000i. by the uncle to his nephew were a gift or a loan, he (the Lord Chancellor) would be inclined to agree with the certificate of the chief clerk; fdr, although the question was not free from doubt, the preponderance of. the evidence was in favour of that view of the, case. But the point was not ma,terial; for, whether it were a gift or a. loan, his judicial opinion was, that the testatorlin the clause in his will intended to refer to that 2,000!., and tone other loan or debt. It wasnot feasible to suppose-lint the tes. tator, in spealding of a sum of 2,00W. advanood by him on loan to his nephew, meant a proportionate part of the deb'.s towhich his nephewwas lia'ole, and which mi,ght or might not amoumt to 2,000!. Therationai ccastrnction of the cLausewas that thetestatorthereintendedtorefertothe2%0001 advanced hyhim upon the commencement of his nephewo partnership, nd which he calls a loan, although,perhaps, in point of law, it might have amounted to a gift. The question whether it reallywere a gift ora loan svas so doubtful that the tes. tator might he fairly excused in endeavouriag, by his -ill, to set the point at rest. That such ws his intention he (the Lord Chancellor) coincided in opinion with the Master of the Rolls; and, therefore, the appeal must be dismissed wth costs. (Bcforc the Lomsu JutImcEs oF ArrEAL.) HOsaNeS V. IIATrEmWS. This cause was heard before Vice-Chancellor Wood in the months of January and April, 1855, and wn;hesrd upon a ppeal before their Lordships in Michacinust Termn last, whlen judgment was reserved, the question before the Court relating exclusively to domicile. Mir. WVillock and Mr. Cairns were for the appellant, Mtr. Headlam and M1r. Cottrell for the pacipalrespondents, and Mr. Cole, Mr. Charles Ball, and Mr. Selwy= for other parties. - Lord Justice Tum%-sEP said, that this was an appeal from a decisionof Vice-Chancellor Woodasto the domicileof Mr. Robert Matthews at the time of his death. The Vice. Chancellor held that he was doniciled in Tuscany; the appellant contended that the donicile was Pn&7La-b The question depended on the fact, whether any change in the domicile took place after 1838 for he was boni in ingland, of English parents, and the domicile of his origin was undoubtedlyEnglish, and although that domcile hid been lost, and a new one acquired in Sweden, Spain, andFortigal, or in one of those countries antecedently to 1832, yet there vas enough to show that this new domicile was .aLin lost, and the onginal domicile revived previouslyto 185g. It nppeared that this geutleman was born in Eng land in 1278, entered at an early age the Swedish military service, in which he attained the ranl; of captain. In 1810 he returned to England, where he married an English- lady, and remained in this country until 1822, when he was made British consul in Spain, and resided at Cadiz. 3e was afterwards made cDnsul in,Fortugil, and returnted to En glnd in 1833, receiving on that occasion au- amis retiring pension of 50., which wasto continue till he should be re-employed. Be never was re-employed and received the pension till his death. Prom that time he resided in England till 1838, with the exception of tours on the continent in 1834, 1836, and 1837, occaioned, app ntly, by the education of his chdsren or the state of lus.own health. Be appeared to have had no house of his OW. in EngLand butto have resided almost entirely in lodings at Bath, and after his return from the continentinl& in.Lor4on, aff which time he had it in contemplation top ase an estate in England. Hitherto, therefore, he had the intention of mal,ing England hishome, andtolhaverecoveredhis domicile of ongin, which at alljtimes revives mo-e easily than an I acquired domicile. The only question, therefore, was 1w ether he had acquired a new domnicile afterwards; and, in determinimg this question,, it was necessary to have regard to his health his children, his fortune, and other circumstances (which his Lordship detailed); and they mu3t be considered not separately, but as a whole. Before 1838, and apparently as early as 1836, Mr. Matthews was attacked by a disease of the spine. In 1838 his wifedied at Worthing, which event was followed by a rtrmrn of his complaint, and he shortly afterwards left WVorthing, and determined to go abroad, under the idea that the baths of Germany, or a warmer climate, might restore his health. Be accordinly travelled in Germany, and thence went to - Florence in October, and, after staving there for about a month, proceeded to Naples and Rome, and returned to Florence in the spring of 18S9. Xe resided in hotels for a few weeks, and then puchased a villa, caUed the Villa lorenzi, with the furniture and gardens, and a few acres of land adjoining, for 2,800!. His corresondence with his friend and solicitor, Mr. Iumlner, at thiste was important. His Lordship then referred to letters of Mr. Matthews, dated in September and October, 1838, in -hich he expressed his attachment to England, and spoke of his suppoiin, Mr. Turner had not found a housefor, him or he (Mr. Tuner) would have nmentioned it, and another letter, written in May, 1839, in which he informed Mr. Turner of his intention of purchasing a ima at Florence. His Lordship then proceeded to say that 3r. Matthevw continued to reside uninterrnptedly sat Elorence till his death on the 30th of July, 1850, with this exception, that in almost every year down to 1845 he p,ia- a visit to Englandforthreeorfourrmonths, andthat after]1846, including 1850, he went annually to the baths of-Germnnv or TIscany. In 1840 he purchased some additionfliand, aronut five acre, near his viMa, and in 1S44 he attempted a further purchase, but w disa po-nted; and in 1843 biought sonfl land in the mountains ot Tuscany, because he enjoyedthe air of that neighbourhood and for the salke of obtaarin- oil for the use of his vill. In the meantime his health dZeclied; he had frequent attacks of paralysis, and, at the instance of Mrs. Stevens (his housekeeper) he went to England anc consulted Sir Benjamin Brodie. It appearedby iis correspondence that he also saw the eminent array surgeon, Sir A. West, and that both of these gentlemen strongly advised him to return to Florence immediately, as hie -a=i of England was too cold for him. It was to be remarked that in his correspondence with Mr. Turner he did not refer to any lntendedpurchase in England, but In a letter written in 1840 he called his illa at Florence his "Winelmore-hill," alluding to Mr. Turner's residence in England at that place. In another letter, written in 184o, he spoke ci,f1Forence as his home; although, on the other hand, m a let,er dated in 1842, much relied on by the appellant, he reed the expression that his mind vas " on a spring cable, looking tovard3 England." On the 2d of August, 1843, aL-.: tlhews made what had been called iis Tuscan ,codicil in which he disposed of his Tuscan pro)ery, and alluded to his interment inthatcouniry. _atinstrunent was duly executed according to the law of TuscAny, hbt on the 24th of July, 1845, he mnade an English v,iD, M hid was 1 not valid according to the law of Tuscany, *and tlereby made certain dispositions of -his pro not sitate in Tuscany, for the benefit ofhisyoungerchfldrn noucordition that they did net interfere with the dispositions in his, Tuscan codiciL The testator's proy corsed sta sum of 60,000, to a life interest in wich he wasentitlelizuder his mrriage settlement, and a considerbleamount oStock in theBritishfunds, inthe French Bentes, -and in the htch funds, besided shares in nglish railways: bu?t he hi no real or insnoveable propeity, except fiji vill agdland at Florence. He ba three bankers in Londco, apon whom from time to time he drew for his occasions ahad and his papers were kept by Mi. Turner, witb whom in 185 he deposited his English wilL hMs Matthews had at the death of. his wife Ii childret tlhn eldest of whom died in 1839, and the ycungest wafiv, years old. s sons received an Eniro sh education, altluml they wre sometimes instruted in France and G;errn Mr. Matthewswasfull of EngliAfeelinag, and was desiomz that his sons should be educated so as to excite siiMilArfael ingsinthera, andtwoof themwereinthaiERgishnavy. His eldest dauighter lived withhiu at'the villa it Flori)ncj and histhird daughterliveatieretillherxna-ie, andthcswcoa4 daughter was educated in England. Ml-. lfatthelr was a Protestnt, and expres3ed a great dislike to the Remant Catholic religion. He had no business orsoc'ption in Tuscany, and was nerer naturlized ther, jut'bad, permission from Government to reside in the. trriforr, pa ng; -every six monthathe tax imposed upon fobrigners residin there. It apptared in the evidence of Mzs' Sterens thxt. the teetator'4tensaid that there was no ozutry lke his own to live in and sthe gave her opinion lihat he-aul1d havo 'returae^ioEnglsndif his health had p it6ed It ais anpesd that he had- beenmad e a-noble of ieiole, bht :ho L ttEaeI5ed ntice) oo slerse that fsfit .nporwce
ROLLS COUIRT, CMCERY-LAE JAX. 16. IESuTCARt V. WVrfqCAR. obre athe MAS=FOf th BOLI.) This was i suit instituted by Mr. Westcar, junmthrough his next friend, he being only 17 years of age, to establish his title to an income of aboutS, , a-year, arising out ofa trust fund bequeathed by the testator, in the cause, and the accumulations upon the same, for 21 years from the date of the testator's death. It appears that the testator cequeathed the fund in question to trstees, in trunst to pay the fathermof the preent law000gto theperson enttle. a-year eut of the income of the fund, and to stand p d of the residue in trust for the only or ldest son of Mr. Westcar, cen., ingathis (ar. Westcar, sen.) death Thetestatoralso iecmted th.at the fund should accumaulate as long as it legally could, and that the accumulations, hen they had rum out the term allowred by law, should go to the person entitled in enectoncy to the princiaL f r. Westear, Jun., now claimed a decree in his favour under the limitation in the festator's will,-" to the eldest or only son of 3fr. Westear, sen.,"-but a question was raised as to the validity of his claim, inasmuch as Mr. Westcar, sen., was alive, zan the legal period to which the accumulations could txtend terminated on the 24th of April, 1854, being 21 years after the death of the testator, which occurred in the year 1833, and the Plaintiffwsistill nder age. Hks HOSo!R, after hearing all the arguments in. the ease, m.ade an order, in favour of the plaintiff's clam Mr. RI. Palni.er, MZr. Lloyd, Mr. Follett, Mtr. Bagshawe, 31r. Selwy, and Mr. Osberne appeared in the c ase.
VICE-CHANCELLORS' COlURTS. JAR. 16. JEKSY;- V. VAU1AITA. (Before Vicd-C7ianMZlor Sir LR T. RiDoEsL=.) This bill was filed to set aside two instruments, constitu- I ting alpoet-nuftial settlement, made by George Concanen (since deceased} in 1842 and 1845, upon his wife, on the ground that it-was a voluntary transaction, and - as such, under the 13th of Elizabeth, not good as against creditors. The contention on the part of the widow was that the tatute did not apply, or, if it did, that the plaintiffs were n hon vhich enabled them to come to this court rehe, they not being creditors at the date of the settlement. - It was necessary to show that the settlor 'was largely indebted, in embarssd circumstances, or insolvent at- that time. If creditors, who were such at the date of an instrument which was voluntay abtained a decree, other subsequent creditors t ahM but that e plaintifls wrere all subre-guent in date to the deed', and there w-as no evidence that at was executed in contempLation of committirug a frud npon them. Mir. Baily and Mr. W. W.Cooper appeared for the pLautifi; 3fr. Dicldnson fur Mrs. Concanen; 3ir. Glasse for the 3r. B.RLywas heard in reply. The VicF-Cu.mSCEs.Lno said, that the question was whether a creditor, whose debt had acczued due subsequently to the execution of the deed sought to be set aside, could file a bill for that purpose? It was somewhat remarkable that there was no poitive authority on the nbject. It was not in dispute that a subsequent creditor cotuld participate in a decree to set aside a deed by a rior creditor, and had that equity to have the property app3ied, and his Honour ws not aware of any distinction in that ce between the different classes of creditors; he beiieved tet they participated Aro atho. A subeequent creditor had, herefore, ant onuty to some extent, and prbis cecid it might be exected that there ws nothing to prevent such a ~rediter from filing a bill, although he mught not be bie to so50, as isn the-ae of a widow and children, who, although ,set able to file a bill themseves, might taLe advantage of ne filed byH their mother. The statute referred to an intention to delay, defraud, or hinder creditors from getting theirejust debts. Although not probable, it was poscsible that a voluntary deed mighlt be executed with the intention of defrauding subsequent creditors. With respest to those existing at the time of its execution, ie was slearlystabEished that at was unnecesfdary to show tfLat anything was said as to the intention; if there were such, the statute applied. It had occurred to his Honour that if at thetine of filing the bil any debts reined due which exiated at the dte of the execution of the deed, inasmuch ts those creditos might file a bill, the benefit of which might enure to subsequent creditors, in such a case subsequent creditors might file a bill, althougoh in tbe converse case they might net unless they showped a design to defraud. He (the Vice-Chanc or, however, found no such general rule laid down, and should not take upon himself to do so. It mnight be very difficult to show an imtention to detfraud It appeared upon theonthorities that s4merelief hadbeen giventoslbsequent creditors, and in the:presentbcase there was susticienthpried foiate eviderce of some debt sti existing which eisted at the date of the deed, to warrant an inqcury being directed ith respect to the settler's debts at the date of tihe deed with respect to which there were circumstances which might ie regarded as badges of s4me improper deign, although nOt conclusively so. (cJorc tc-hO7uncltor Sir ,T. ST orsacT.) pe * WEAEING V. Jm. Tmhis ans a bill by persons claiming under the will of one eJohi Harrisoh, an onvent debtor, praying for a declaration that one John Cowburn was net beneficially entitled to ,Fcertain real estate, but that he wras a trustee thereof for John eHrriooIn In 1843 Harrison toor the benefit of the act fo- the relief of insolvent debtors. At that tine he was entitled to an estate in fee simple in certain real estadtecrpectant on the death of his mother (since deceased), but sub- ecttolbe divertedin the event of his dyinginhere fetime w ithoat iHsse, which event did not happen, he having sur,vived-his mother. In 1844 harrisons creditors actcpted a composition_of 3s. 6h in the pound in full of their respective debts, and, on their being paid, released his estate rnd efdects from their debts and all claims in respect the,reof. In h46, Harrison's mother being still alive, oYong, his assinee in insolvencF, conveyed his interest in Cothe real estate t. queson to Jonn Cowburn in considera|tion of the sluns of 15F., which, as the bill alleged, was I greatly less than the value of Harrison's interest in such ,estate. Harrion's mother died in 1847, and he died in t?at9, having by his wll disposed of his real estate to the t plaintia. In 18S0 Cowburn conveyed all his estate and bffects to the defendant Ellis, in trust for the benefit of his creditors. It was contended on the defendant's behalf that tHe platiff had no locws etzdi, inasmuch as no revesting order haiid been obtained from the Insolvent IDebtors Court. Mr. Wigrats and 3fr. Teller appeared for the plaintiff, and hr. walins and Mr. Prenderiast for the defendants. pr *e sitiCon. CErhr said, that -there was no doubt | nthat the plaidns who caimed under Harrison ere entitled ,to maintin this bill, ad that they had- established,that Cowburn as a trustee for thend The sole grout d on which the defendants rested their defence was, that intil a revesting order was obtained, no person claimuing under Ha rrsn could sue in respect of any property belongig to himn which had been vested in his assignee in insolvency. There was no written authority nor priWciple for any such proposition. !lere there was an admuitted surplus, which Iwtas not the case in those decisions which h ad been relied Tpon by the defendants. The plaintiffs were entitled to a |declaration that the e3tate in question wss vested in Cow. burnsas a trustee for them andtoa direction that the defendants should convey such property to the plaintiff the costs of the suit to be paid by the defendants. , iBefosc Y--C7sitnZedto Sir W. P. WOOD.) I . RTOl; V. DAItY. !The VICE-CACLOR, after ddlivering a jjudgmen.t, was occupied during the day in hearng the arguments in thi case, which has alrad taken up a. considerable time, Iand mis 3ikc to come toatennination at pseent. -0 31 .Rot 3 ,M:7s3i Ylot}r. Kgnyon, and ~9 hr. G:ffard are the counsel engaged in the case, erhichs injfvohres no ..0t cf inerst except to the parties esnrned.
COURT ', 3cETH, Wn M Y JA. 16., JI40E)N V. TY1EOVERSEEES OF SOD1-rAr t*".£>',.u E Boco, befor Lord CAMPUELL ttnd Jueica .. L EM~G W1 GHTMAV. anld OMT-. Ibis wa a ease reserved from the Warwickshire sessions, 1%ising the question whether a bstard child of the age of five years, whose mother was dead, ought to be removed to the parish in which the mother was settled at the time of herdeath, or to the parish in which she was born. The pauper, 3ary Ann Lucas, was born a bastard in October, 184'3 in the parish of Little Compton, Warwickshire ; and inthe month of December following her mother married one William Betteridg, who was settled in the parish of Sutton-under-Brailes, in the same county. By that marriage she acquired a settlement in Sutton-under-Brailes, and was removed tlere with her husband and child in the beginsing of 1S5lL During that year she died;and her child having become chargeable to the parish of. Steurton, the |overseers of that parish obtained an order of two justices for her removal to Sutton-under-Brailes; the overseers of which parish appealed against the order upon the ground that she ought to have been sent to the place of her birth. * Mr. BiTTEsToN, in support of the order of session; contended that the language of the Poor Law Amendment Act, sect. 71, enacting " that every child which shall be born a bastard after the passing of this act shall have and followv the settlement of the mother of such child until such child shall attain the age of 16, or shall acquire a settlement in its own right," was 'te conclusive. Mr.PASHLEY, Q.C., and M.W.MLL argued, on the other side, that the object of the enactment was to prevent the separation of mother and child until the latter s&ould be 16 years old; and that, looking at other parts of the same section, as well as at section 57 of the same statutc, which restricted the liability of a husband for the maintenance of his wife's bastard children until they should attain 16 " or tl' mother should die," the Court ought to interpret the enactment as applying only to the case of a bastard whose mother was living. Lord C.ssprnns. said that he considered it very important to adhere to the ordinary grammatical construction and meaning of the words used by the Legislature; and that, so interpreting section n1i this we a very plain case. The Legislature had expressly saiLdthat the bastard child should "have and follow" the mother's settlement until the are of 16, and they could not import into the enactment another alternative until the death of the mother. The words being clear, it was neither necessary nor advisable to speculate upon the intention of those who framed the act; but, even upon the ground of convenience, it seemed to him that there was no reason for saying that the natural construction of the words would lead to any inconvenient consequences. The parsh officers had, therefore, done right in removing to the ap-m 3S. utieCOERIG expressed the nine opinion, and added that it was well know,n that under the old law, by which the place of the bastard's birth was the place of its settlement, great frauds and even cruelties were practised for the Purpose of getting rid of a woman who was about to he delivered of a bastard child- and it might well be that it was with a view to get rid of all those practices that the Legislature had adopted the rulethat up to the age of 16 the child should be settled in the place of the mother's settlement. THE QUEEN (n THE PROSECOnON OF THE EPSO3 BOA)RD OF HEALTH) V. BRISCOX In this case, thle question was raised whether S. Eriscoe, the lord of the manor of E m,was liable to a rate assessed upon him by the Epsom=ardof Heth, in respect of certain land near the racecourse on Epsom Downs, upon which it is customary to erect booths during the races. It appeared that a person named Bernard paid 650!. annuaUy for a licence to erect the booths. It was, therefore, suggested that hevwas the occupier, and ought to have been assessed; or, at all events, the occupier ought only to be assessed on the lowver seale, the land bein pasture land. MrSJashley, Q.C., apperd to support theassesmnt. Sir F. THEaSimEI said he had looked into the case, and felt that he could not successfully contest either point He therefore submitted to judgment being given against him. lord COMPBELL said, lie should have been sorry to give any judgment which should interfere with the sports carned on upon Epsom Downs, which hetrustedwould long flourish, notwithstanding the p.ayment of these rates. Judgment for the respondents. - EX PARTE THE VOLN ERTASPTON BOARD OF HEALTH. Mr. GRAY moved for a rule, caUing upon certain justices of Wolverhampton and James Sinpkis to show cause why the said justices should not issue their warrant to levy on the goods of James Sin PIds the amount of a rate assessed upon him under the Public Health Act, thellth andl2thof Victoria, chap. 63. The act required that, previously to the making of a rate, an estimnate should be prepared and exhibited to the public for seven dayg. This had been done in the present case, and the estimate included a sum of 1,0001. which the council (the Local Board of Health) had handed to a committee whom they had appointed to solicit a bill for better supplying Wolverhasmpton with water. The rate was made, and no objection was taken to it by appeal' or otherwise. Subsequently a resolution was pamased bv the council that the estimate should be amendid by striking out of it the said sunm of 1,0001., but nothing was done, the council being advised that they had no power to alter the estimate. Simpkis, when summoned before the ustices for nonpayment of the rate, said the resolution avingo been passed, it was just the same as if the 1,0001. had been struck out of the estimate. The learned counsel contended that the objection was ground for an appeal to the next quarter sessions, which was given by the act, but could not now be relied upon asa ground for nonpayment of the rate. Iord CA'PnaELL said, the learned counsel might take a rule to show cause.-Rule n*i granted. BUsM-MS OF THE COURT. The cases in the Crown paper being all disposed of, Lord CAmPELIL gave notice that on Saturday next, after hearing motions, the Court would take the cases in the special paper. BA1T COURT. (sittings at Zisi Prius, before Arr. Justicc EBLE) RYDER V. =G. Mr. Jones was counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeant Tbomas for the defendant. The plaintiff was a livery stable-keeperat Manchester, and the defendant was a captain in the 3d Lzght Dragoons, and the action was broughttorecover danag!loralosswhich thc plaintiff alleged he had sustained by reison of the defendant having so negligently driven a mare which he had hired of the plaintiff that he threw her down, broke her knees, and so injured her that she was obliged to be kept in the stable for several weeks. The mare aid a dogcart had been hired by the defendant at two guineas a-day, to go to some races in the neighbourhood of Manchestet. The defendant put another horse before the mare as a leader, and as he was driving along over a tramroed the mare felL The plaintiff stated that the defendant had told him that at the time she fell he had his head under lady's bonnet to whom he was talking, and who was sittingby his side,andthat had he not at the time had his leg across the lady'sknees she would have been thrown out, and he would not have had anything happen to her for 5006; he promised to %av the plaintiff for any damage that had arisen through his negligence. The dee kept the mare seven days the regiment had left anchester, but the defendant had not paid hiu. The vaElu of the nare au the time was 30Lc, ut afterweards she was et worth more wht n 9e . The plaintiff hDad paid tthe farrier if. lls. The defedant had paid 10!. Fort the defence it was contended tfiat it was an accident which the defendat eonld not have prevented. Mr. Justice EE:rE put it to the mury whether the accident arose from neglgce, and whether the plaintiff was entitled to his charge for the seven days the defendant had The jury returned a verdict fortheplaintiff-Damages, 211. Im.
COURT OF COMMON PLEAS W Ti .TA- id (Sittings in Banco, &-flore Lord iCikf Jwstice Jximvis and JUStices CRESSWELL. WrLL1A1 anZd C,RAo'-n"- The Court to-day took the special paper. MORcGA<N V. PARRY. This was an appeal from the decision of the revising barrister of Cardigan. lfr. Bailey appeared for the appellant; the respondent had no counsel The question raised was whether the list of voters was invalid, not being signed by a majority of the overseers and churchwardens. The churchwardens not h ged it, the revising barrister hedit to be in id. The Court vishing to have the question further considered whether the signing ofthe list was compulsory or merely directory, adjourned the case. THY RIBBLE -AVIGATIOT COMPA2N-Y V. HIRGBEAVES. This was a estdo to try the right to esact certain tols on the river bibble, and depended on the constraction of certain acts of Parliament referring to Qhe navigation of that river. The case occupied nearlyall dayaund was devoid of public interest. The CourT gave judgment for the defendant. I (Sittings at Niei Priug, at Westmineer, befome JIr. JeTstice WUiES and a Common ury.) :BDSTEAD V. UOWARD. Mr. Seijeant Byles, Mr. Eawldns, and Mr. Griffiths ap. peared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Giffard was cunsel for the defendant. This was an action brought by the plaintiff to recover from the defendant the sum of 1001. paid as a deposit upon the purchase of the lease, goodwill, and fixtures of a public- house, together with the expenses incurred in investgating the title and drawing the deeds reauisite for the trnsfer of the lease of the premises undir the following circumsthnces :-Some time ago the plaintiff, being anxious to embark a portion of his capital in the " public lie," entered into negotiations with the defendant for the purchase of the goodwill and unexpired term in the 3ease of the "Horse and Groom," held under the Duke of Bedford, and situated in Maiden-lane, Co7ent-garden. A certain sum was agreed upon as the purchase-money, and it was further arranged that the value of the fixtures was to be ascertained by appraisement, and paid by the poaintif who thereupon, made a deposit amounting to 1001. The plaintiff swore that one of the principal reasons for his entering into this agreement was that the defendant represented the profits arising from the billiard-room in the noWte as being considerable. When, however, the title ame to be investigated it was discovered that by the Duke of Bedford's leases his tenants where prohibited from usmg any of his houses as (inlter alia) "a school, madhouse, or billiard-roomi without his consent." It was, therefore, contended on the part of the plaintiff that the defendant had failed to make out such a title as he (the plaintiff) had bargained for, and that he might recover back his deposit, and also any expenses which he had been aut to by reason of the failure of the defendant to perform his part of the contract. At the cla-se of the case for the pl.ainMiff, Mr. Jnsat1ce Wranrs basing intimatced that in his opinion the verdict should be for the plaitif, and the amount of the expenses ofr invstiatin tghne titole, &c., 5having be*n agreed upon, taken for the plaintiff for 1212. - LOCWOOD V. TROIsSELL - This was an action brought to recover the sum of 19T. for dilapidationf' at n fuiished house ngar theaF Par)c, let to the defelndmth)4upst wat, Aed also foelW, & for cools burnt by him duriag the occupation of the afodesaid hou-e.- The detaDs of thl tsial were extremely tedion, and preser.ted no featnre of interest to the general reader. Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Hawkins. aippeared for the Plaintid and t r. Ser.eant Atkinon and Mr. Hmee for the defendant.
COURT OF EXCHEOUEhR T&%z. I6. SPECIAL PAtPFR OAKY V. THE PORTSMOUTH AND RVDE STEAMt NAV1- GATION COM2PANY. (Sittina in Baneol This was an appeal from the decision of the Judge of the Hampshire County Court, in an action to recover compensation from the defendants for negligence as carriers. It appeared that the defendants carry on their business by steam tugs, between Portsmouth and Ryde, and that one of their barges or towboats had been set apart for the expres. g urpose of conveying the goods of the plaintiff across the oent. In January, 1 his boat, filled with the property of the plaintiff, was being towed across by the Prince of Wales, one of the defendants' steamers, and as this vemsel reached Portsmouth pier another of the defendants' vessels, the Princess Alice, was met coming away from the-pier. In order to avoid a collision with his illustrious rdative the Prince was very politely "backed." This operation, however, threw that vessel on the barge violently, and the result was that the plaintiff's goods were damaged. His Honour, the judge, decided thatthe defendants were guilty of negli. fence, and gave judgment against them, whereupon they Sappearedfor the appellants, and contended that the injury sustained by the plaintiff's goods was not the temiut of any neoieence on the n alt of his cients, but ,as produced by natural causes, and might be characterized as 'the acts of God,y nd as, t ore,untIofa character to 3render the defendants liable. Mfr. W.!L Cooxe argeed for the plaintiff in support of the judgment below, insuti. that the accident was entirely attributable to the negligent handling of the Prince by tho servants of the com;pany, and, consequently, did not fall under that class of injuries in which the carrier is absolved from responsibility as emanating from the elements. The COURT affinned the judgment below with costs. Judgment accordingly. TOX.LLMACIE V. TlE LON-DOT AiND SOUTH-WESM*TR IAIL'WAY C0M1PANY. This was a demurrer to a pleat o an action of trespass for false imprisonment. The plea alleged that the plaintiff, being a traveller from Warehamn to Kingston, refused to deliver his ticket on his arrival at Kingston, and justified his imprisonment for such a tune as was reasonably necessary to make an application to him for thepayment of Ihis fare, and no longer. Wlsen thle case wa3s called on, M-alr. Baron Ar.nrtsoN intimated that, as he was a shareholder in the company, he should abstain from taking any part in the judgment. * Mr. PERTSDOFF, who appeared for the plaintiff, was at once stopped by the rest of the Court (Barons Platt and Martin), with the intimation that the plea was bad, and, Mr. BoyiaL, being called on to support it, proceeded to contend that though, since the decision of this Court in the celebrated action brought hy the late 3Ir. Chilton against the London and Brighton Company, it could not be contended that a railway company could justify the imprisonment of a passenger, who refused to deliver his ticket and did not pay his fare, until he did the latter or until he could be taken before a mnagistrate, who had power to fine suess person 40s. yet, as the bylaw authorizd the companv to demand the fare, they had a right, at all events, to Imprison or detain the passenger from the time when he refused to deliver his ticket until thatmoment, however shortthe interval inight be, when it was possible to demand the fare. This detention was all that the plea sought to justify, and he submitted that it w as clearly authorized by the bylaw, The COURT, however, at once gave judgment against the defendants. The bylaw only empowered the company to demand the fare when the passenger refused to deliver his ticket, and, if lie refused to pay it, the bylaw went on to provide for its recovery before a magistrate, who had power to fine also; but there was not a word in the bylaw which authorizedthe imprisonment of a passenger by the company for the 100th part of a minute for any purpose whatever. The practice was to keep the doors locked while the officials were demanding the tickets, and, though that might be strained in some sense into an act of imprisonment, yet it might be justifiable. But it wasclearthatacompany had no right to detain the person of an individual passenger, who had no ticket, avowedly for any such purpose as that contended for by 3fr. BovilL There must therefore be judgment for the aintiff. Mr. Baron A}LDEP.S0S.-I am afraid, MIr. Bovill, we were wvrong. As one of your clients, I should advise you to giye up the plea. There was once a Pope who was accused of heresy. He gave judgment against himself and was duly burnt, whereupon they made a saint of bin. I hope to emnulate him. Judgment for the plaintiff. (Sittings in IruddZu1x, at Nis! Prius, in Hilary Term, before Jfr. Baron Bs.AawEL1 aend Contmon Juries.) BELL V. HICKS. This was an action to recover compensation in damages for an allegedassault and false imprisonment. Mr. Edwin James, with Mr. Jacobs, conducted the case for |the plaintiff; and Mr. Seijeant Wilkins, with Mr. Joyce, represented the defendant. lt appeared that the plaintiff was formerly the stationmnaster at Hounslow, in tiddlesex, and that, while acting in that character, he had also carried on a trade in coals, to da which he had a countinghouse and a pen to receive the coals. This branch of his occupation, however, did not prove successful, and the result was that in the month of June in the past year the plaintiff wmas compeled to pass through the Bankruptey Court. The defendant was a coal merchant, carrying on his business at Brompton and at Paddington, and it appeared that sub. sequently to the plaintiff's bankruptcy the former applied to him to sell coals on his account in the character of an agent. The plaintiffintimated that at that time he had not obtained his certificate under the flat of bankruptcy, where. upon the defendant replied that that was a matter about which his firm did not care. An arrangement was then made between the parties, and a quantity of coals were sent up for the plaintiff to dispose of as the agent of the defendant's firm, his remnuneration being a commission upon the sales he might effect,- while a sum of 101. was advanced by the defendant upon, as was alleged, the security of certain tools, sacks, and other things which the plaintiff had on the premises. Shortly after this arragement had been entered into and brought into operation, the defendant called on the plaintiff to complain that lie understood he was selling the coals of other persons as weell as theirs in another place, The accuracy of this complaintthe plaintiSfat once adsmitted - hut he at the same time sad that he had not entered into any agreement with thedefendant to the effect that he would not sell coals for other persons. In the course of one of their interviews the plaintiff sid that he had obtained his certifiCate and therefore shold not any longer sell the defendant's coals, adding that be wold repay the 101. advanced to him upon the security of listools, &c. Upon this the defendant said that he had purchased the tools, &c., an assertion which the plaintiff strenuously denied. Shortly alter this the plntiff sent a notice to the defendant to the effect tEat he would no longer sell coals on his amount. On the folowing day the defendant called on the plaintiff and demanded that he should give up to his firm the premises where he carried on his coal bussness. This he refused to do, whereupon defendant obtainei the asistance of a blacksmith, who, by his direction, broke I open the door of his coumting-house and committed an as- saultontbe plhint in effecting an entrance to the pre. |mises The pLintiff here sent for a policeman, but the defendant sent lor ad brought three of that force, into whose custody the plaiIff was given. He was then taken four miles to a police ae ion, where he was given in chayge for an assault and embezzlement. This double charge having been duly entered, the e ilaintiff was. consigned to a cel,. where ht was detauned until he preoaed bail uat 10 oclock at unght. The -followiyn &ay the plaintiff, upon goth g to his prlace of busthebs, fond the defendant there, who told him to remove his papes, which at that time were strewed about the hfor of the esuntinthepase. This he declined to do, atnd then the defendant called upon a policeman to take 1idm into custody on aicarge of fedony. The policeman, ho-wever, refused to take thecLge, remarking that the best cse for the defendant to pursue would Obe tapply ton dayastrate fora warrant. By the direction of the deendwnt a man thed put the paders into a wheelbarrow, and tok them tothe plaantiff's pvate residence. The plainhiFmts wife, however, refused to take them in; whereupon se ussn turned them oWut 'into the garden. O)n the folloing day the plaintiff received s summons to attend before the magstrae at Twickihain, and answer a charge of assault. and having duly attended the court-, and theca<tion having been made, the magistrates ordered hiuint be discharged. The defedahnt, nevertheless, retained poesssien of the plaintiff's prmses, and thus he had been uale to carry on his business. It was for this imprisonment, the charge of felony, and lows of business that by the present action the plaintiff sougt comnpensation. The mam groundof defence was that the plaintiff had disposed of his interest in the coalyard to a person named Ieverett, who Lad conveyed the premises to the defendant's firm. Then, it was said that, as to the charge of assault which was taken before the magistrates, it wag arranged upon that occaon that the matter should be treated as one of account between theparties, and npon that the plaintiffwas ordered to be discharged with the consent of the defendant. The case for the defendant having been concluded, Mr. Baron BstXsWELL suggeted that some arrangement should be made between the parties, seeing that there had been no proof of a reasonable and probable cause for the charge of felony against the plaintiM. A consultation here took place between the learned counsel, which resulted in a verdict being taken for the plaintiff for 50 damages, this tobe a settlement of all matters in difference between the parties, the defendant withdrawing all imputation against the character of the plaintifE, and at the samne timne the defendant's firmu admitting that they had acted hastily in bringing such a charge. against the plaintiff. -fr. Baron BRA3twv said that thisarrangement was very proper on the part of the defendant's firm.
COVUT OP BANKRUPTCY, BaAingvaU-sexr4 Jan.16. v RI!E BENJANML rARER, OTHEOWISE JAN=- MJAMM PAR R. (Before Mr. CommzSsionCr FOSBLANQtTE) The bankrupt was a builder of Albany-road, Camberiwell. Mis present bankruptcy occurred in February, 1854. but until lately he was unable to pass his exanination. He waF, I sn COuSequence of protection bein rduaed, u& in loriso. In 1840 he failed for 8,1451 t i 1845, for 3068 * aRd underthepresebbar&rptcytuhe debts are 1,773&. Vith respect to the present accountS now before the Court, the offcial assignee reported that many of the items were unvouched. This was the certificate neeting. Mr. Linklater opposed for a creditor; Mr. Jones for the assi - 3Ir. I awrance supported. A=fred.ortierTJob, examined, said be discounted tro bills, ef 2O00. each, for the banlimpt in Fetbmny an45 ay, 1853. Parker, in Febirary, asked him to discount bills drawn on Palmer, of Brighton, for timber. He sail the timber was going down to Brighton by rail. He pro. duced bills of lading, saying they were for the timber, by which he (the bankrupt) would realize a great profit. He left copies of the bills. He said the bills would be asgood as gold. -He said his means were ample, and alluded to property he had at New-cross. Witness saw Mr. Blake, who said he knew a Benjamin Parker, and if the bankrupt was any relation of his to have no dealinigs with him, for he was of a dangerous gang. The bankrupt declared he did not know the Benjamun Parker referred to, and pressed him to discount the bills, which he ultimately did. When the acceptor became bankrnpt witness sued the bankrnpt, who turned out to-be the identical Benjiain of whom Blake had spoken, and which he had since admitted. Witness had never had a farthing of his money, and never expected to receive any. Cross-examined.-A bill for 100!. bad been paid by Parker. Charged 5 per cent. on 1001. bills for three months, because he sawrisks. That was his average charge. Three months elapsed between the first and third discount. The first acceptance, when it became due, was held over, for which he charged the same rate-10. for three months' bill of 200l., and 10u. on similar renewals. Palmer, of Brighton, was a bankrupt in 1853. Proved his debts but received no dividend. The bankrupt, examined, said his real name was Benjamin Parker. Carried on business for 16 years as James Parker. In 1840 was bankrupt as Benjamin Parker. Did not get his certificate under that bankruptcy. ln 1845 he atteinpted to take the benefit of the Insolvent Act as Benjamin Parker. Between 1840 and 1845 he had not carried on business as Charles Parker. Paid no dividend under the bankruptey of 1840. Paid some of the creditors under the insolvency. Was arrested in 1847 and 1848, and settled the debt under which he was arrested. Executed an assignment for the benefit of his creditors in 1852. A great imany of his creditors had been paid in full. Some received onlv 9d. in the pound. Traded in 1851 as James Phillips, as a builder, at Hastings. Before 1845 he resided in London. Previously to 1845.he resided in Sunderlaud. Whether he sned his name Benjamin Parker, or James Benjamin Paer, his creditors knew himL He was baptized as Benjamin Parker. Last year lhe carried on business at CamberwelL There was a sum of 900!. for law costs.. Mnch of this was for losses. Had been in Maidstone Gaol as James Benjamin Parker. He pleaded guiltyto an indictmnent for conspiracy; was sentenced to siLx months' imprison. ment, three months of which he underwent. He improperly. I pleaded guilty. He fullybelieved it was assJames Penjaniin Parker that he was in Maidstone Gaol. but dechned to swear that it was not as Benjamin Parker. By Lr. JO'S,.-Sold goods to a man when in the Queen's Prison in 1853. Was there nine months in prison. That was an honest sale, but the creditors would not giveup or pay for the goods. The intention was to prevent, in the first instance, execution creditors from taking the goods For these goods he was given bills of exchange, which he paid away. Sold the goods to a man named Fowler. They were worth 700'. Fowler had been his foreman at a asar of 21. a-week. There was a balance-sheet filed underhs bankruptcy of 1840. His HoNoun said, the proceedings showed that there was a former bankruptcy,-viz., in 1838; what dividend was. paid? Bankrupt.-About 5s. inthe pound. Was then bankrupt as a wholesale grocer. Of his debts of 5,000' in 1840 3,000!. were to his wife's trustees. His Hosoirn.-And you had 12l. with which to pay the Bankruipt.-The second bankruptcy arose out of the first. In 1845 the debts and liabilities were 9,000, but many of the liabilities had since run oe. Under his present bankruptcy there were no assets. Bowler, with whom he was not now on speaking terms, was finishing some houses on his own account. Bowler had swept everything away from, him. Ee-examined.-Paid Palmer for some of the money Joi advanced. Job knew that Paimer was making books ana employing 100 to 200 men. At the time of the bill tansaction Palmer held a first-rate osition in Brighton, and Job was referred to his bankers-the London and County, with whom Job also banked in London. I The bankrupt was asked whether the indictment at lfaid- stone was the only criminal charge on account of which he was imprisoned. The question was objected to and withdrawn. Mr. LINKLATER submitted that the certificate must be altogether refused. It was no excuse that he had been charged 20 per cent. by Mr. Job. He had drawn the bill as James Parker, whereas it turned out that his real name was Benjamin Parker. Mr. Lawrance might say that 20 per cent. was too lIgh a rate of interest. His HosOUR.-I do not think he stands alone in that opinion. fr. Lsm.ATMn.-Nevertheless, the bankrupt has made false and fraudulent representations by which 3Mr. Job has. been defrauded of 4001. EHis HoNouR thouglht the creditors under the former bankruptcy had a right to notice of the present proceeding. Mr. LAWIusNCE contended that the notice in the Gazette was snfficient. His HoNous.-What! In the case of a man who has gone bY such a variety of names? Mr. LwA'wcmE.- e is described in the same manner as in the first and last bankruptcy. His HOSOuR.-This is a stale case, and I must reserve the question. I alw.ays requre special notice. It was urged by Mr. I.AWVRANCE, for the bankrupt, that when, as in this case, the certificate of the bankrupt had been refused, a bankrnpt was compelled either to trade under a fictitious name or starve. His HNouss said, the bankrupt was not onBly uncertifi cated; he had not even passed his examination under the former bankruptcy. He would take timue to consider his judgment.
PoLICE. MANsIsOy-sousE.-oseph Greenland, George Roffey, and James Daniels were brought before the LoBD MAYOR for final examiaton upon the charge of having feloniousl wounded John Sacker, the servant of Mr. Crossland, of Fenchurch-street, stationer; and also upon the charge of having feloniously stolen a pair of boots; and Charles Cooke was finally examined upon the charge of having feloniously aided,abetted, counselled, and procured the three former prisoners to do and commit the larceny committed as before mentioned. Mr. Buchanan attended for the defence. The following is the additional evidence:- Joseph Brown, 58d, said, in continuation of his evidence, -On our wayto the stationhouse Roffey said, "Now you have got Greenand and me, you had better findDaniels, and there was another who was waiting outside whose name is Cooke.' He said, "I do not know where Daniels live; but if you go to the Coopers' Arms to-morrow morning you will find him there, but Mr. Crossland's boys know more about the matter than we do. They first put us up to it, and we planned to go on Saturday evening; we went on Saturdayeveing, but theywould not letusin. We saw them againon ondayevening, andwe told one of them we were not going to be deceived in that maner, and if he deceived us again we would punch his head or box his eams. We came on Tuesday evening, walked by the house once or twice, and we saw the same boy in the pasge; he beckoned us with his finger, took us into the cellar, and showed us the cupboard where to hide, and said we should hear a door shut upstairs which should be the last signal andall would be Aght." The next morminA Walsh (the officer) and I went to Rowland'scourt, Ibissell-street, where we found Daniels, and we took him, and told him what it was for. He at first denied it, and hiss ther said he was in bed atS8o'clock. He said, " Mother, it's no use telling lies, the gentleman is right. I was there." He said, "I hope you'll have usall, for Mr. Crossland's boys are as bad as we are. One of them told us if we came there he would tell us where we could get some monaeF, and. a great manyother things we couldmako money ef." He futher said, "We went on Saturday night, hut he disapwrinted us, and on Tuesday night he beckone us in and showed us down the cellar. We should not have intefered with the man if he had not struck us with the shovel." He also said a man named Cooke was waiting outside. I had seen all four prisoners on the Saturday evening standing-at the corner of Philpot-lane, about 10mminutes X or aquxrter past 7 o'clock, and I recognize them all now. I pointedout to Cooke, when I tookhim, the spot in which I ad seen them standing. : Mr. C. Smith, surgeon, of Gracechurch-street, said,-On the eveningof the lst of January Sacker was brought to my house about 9 o'clock. He was bleeding from wounds in the head, and I examined him and found a contused wound on the forehead, and an incisedwound on the left aide of the head, which divided one of the arteries ; and another small wound'on the side of the head. There were also brzises on his body and chiest. I cannot form any opinion as to the instrument wsed to cause the wounds, as they might have been infaicted with a stick or with a lmife. They were not immedily dangerous to life unless he had been neglected, orerysilas had ensued. I have attended him about ten days, andal found it necessary to keep him in bed severaldays. Asticklikethat producedwould cause the wounds.e The prisoners were then committed for triaL GUU.DnALL.-Mr. George Sandford Keymer, apec. table-looking man, appeared in discharge of his own recognizance before Alderman FLuxHs and Sir iL W. CAiDEmu toanawer a charge of embezzlement. . Mr. Pary, instructed by Mr. Fesenmeyer appeared for I the prosecution; and Mr. Ballantine, instructed by Mr. Wontner, appeared for the defence. This case, which ws parly heard at this court on Saturday, andwhich from the circumstances attending it excited considerable interest, was to-day brought to a conclusion_ It appeared from the evidence gven on the former occasion that the defendant hadforzm been in the employment of Messrs. Whitbread, the brewers, and had consequenUy got a good connexion amiaong the publicans. In 1850i7e entered: into an arrangemuent with the prosecutors, Messrs. Chambers and Ellwood, wine merchanti, .of Gresham%street, the terrcs of which were now disnuted. and it W* s nnon -lnn o F those termsg that the p,resent charge woulcd stand or fall On the last e)amination 3r. Chamnbers stated that the defendanit was ergagecl bI them to act as their traveller at asalary of 101. a-monthI and his expess u taujd ing, betweenl150and183,he was a efau:ltebruttotthhetexftena.- of 4721. 15s. Id., they. changed the salary, and gave him 301. ia-inenth, which was to c iclude expenses. They t~hin rnad a debit of% dealcaVions, &nd. took hiz bills for the amounit;? which were renewed from time to tine but never pad. He cotiitnuea in their employment until A"gs last, when hie absented bimaelf, and did not return to bis duties, and aftei writing to him they'conidaered him discharged. In hiis cross-e.aintion by Mr.' Ballantine, he7denjea. that there was any arrnement by which the defendaint was to be a peftter, or that he was to have aiiy sire,of the profita of the busines& - He said that the accouunts of the wvhole of the customers Reyraer introduoe4 were kept in a ledger markedM, forthemore readyaceessto his connerionL There was a book in which Mfr. Ellwood, for-his own private use, kept an account of the profit of each transaction that the defendantbrought to their house. Erom that book r. Ellwood made a statement, at witness's request, to show to a Mr. Rumble, who called on behalf of the defendant to ask for an account. That produced was &'copy of tho account and was as follows:- That was given to show the defendant that even if he were to have half the profits of the business he would still be in their debt, The 300A. included the items the defendant was charged with embeziling, hut the ;nount rwas estimatedtoo high, forthey. only cha^rged him with embezzling 1701. or 1801. He most positively denied that Keymer's name was kept out of the firmi for the purpose of drawvin accommnodation bills on him. He had draw;n bilL-^ on Keymer hut they -were for the money he had advanced him, or for the amount of his defalcations. Ho also denied that he had asked Keymer to obtain money for them from his friends, but, on t le contrary, the defendant had asked him to take the money of some friends of his who were out of busine.s, and, it bemg very common for brewers, distillers, and wine merchants to do such things, he had done so. Mr. Parry, in proceeding with the case to-dav, called- Mr. Eliwood, who stated that the defendant was a town traveller in their employment. He was not a partner in their.firm, and never clhimed to be so until he was charged with embezzlement. it washis dutv to receive moneys and account for them daily to Mr. Chambers or himself, either every evening or the foUowving morning. The moneys in question were not accounted for to him, snd amounted to ,701. The defendant left their service in the month of AuguAtlast, by absenting himself, and they subsequently gave him notice to leave when they discovered that he had received those amounts and not accounted for them. He kept an account of the profits made by the business, the defendant brought, but, as far as he knew, the defendant was not aware that he kept such an account. Until the present charge was made, lie never asked for any of the profits of the business. Cross-examined by 31r. BaLlantine.-They carried on a private wine business, but the defendant introduced a more extensive and different class of business, f or which they kept separate books as far as regarded the order book and the ledger. In the Little book produced) he entered his ex- egrses from Mgay to July, 1850. The last amount that Keymer had signedafor in the book asexpen4ses was on the 5th of December, 1850. The expenses were entered in that book up to six months longer, but not signed for by the defendant. From the beginning of Lay, 1851, there were no expenses signed for by the defendant; and from Mav, 1853,' there was no entry in any book of his e-xpenses. ln 153 it was inclded in the 301. a-month. This sh account contained tho entiies in "charges" of the clerks' wages, cellarman's wages, and Mr. Keymer's. On the lst of April 1854 ' there was an entry there to Keymer of 15F., which was for half ofwa month; and on the 17th there was an entry of the second half of the 301. In their books they entered all clerks salaries as "chages." On July 1 there was an entry to " G. S. Keymer, 141.' That book was the general ledger of the firm. Aiderman il5,Is said, he thought that would satisfy Mlr. Ballantine, for there was the entry to G. S. Keymer, the same as the clerks. Cross-examination coutinued.-There was no regulated way for him to draw money,v Mr. Chambers and witness had drawn money for their own use, but that had never appeared in "charges," He referred to the 20th of July, 18D3,in the defendant's account in the ledger, and there was an entry of his acceptance for 1841. 13s. 4d. Sir W1 W. CARDEN said, the last entry in "charges" to the defendant appeared to be in January, 185L Mfr. Ellwood said that after that period they could get no account from him, but he had money. SirP. W. CARDEN asked under what head it appeared, for by the ledger the last smas paid were 181. 5s. 6d. and 241., both on the same day? Mr. EUwood explained that the money ;as given in small sums to the defendant, and then at irregular pods added up and put in one lump sum in the ledger. ie found there was an acceptance of Keymer due on the l9th of November, 1853, for 1841. 13s. 4d. On the 3d of Novemberthere was another acceptance for 1821. 14s. The bill for Laforest was out long before that time. It had been renewed. The renewal was for 761. los. There was no bil out for 941. 3s. 4d. at that time, but on the 14th of June they paid the cash for the bil for 941. 3s. 4d. There was another biU due in October for 641. 14s. 2d. That was not the original bill for Laforest. The defendant accepted those bills for money he had received from them. He was aware that Mr. Camneux had given bills for goods supplied to his friends, because they were bac^ward in their payments. The defendant never took money out of the till Those tickets (produced) represented money taken out of the till, and given to the defendant during the years 1853 and 1854, and they I amounted as charges to 1931. Re-examined by Mr. Parry.-On the 31st of Jamear 1855, there was entry " G. S. K_, 30." in charges account inthe ledger. That was made up of small sums that the defendant had drawn during the month. He placed the greatesteonfidencezn him 'whenhe was intheir employment. Mr. Parry said, that wa;s a primdfacie case to mduce the meagistrates to send it for the consideration of a jurzy. r. Ballantine mnade a forcible defence, contend7mg that there was an agreement for a division of the profits, and that, therefore, there was no pretence for saying that any relation between the parties of master and servant existed. The defendant was then fully committed for trial, but admitted to bail in two sureties of 100I. each, and himself in 2001. WoasEr-st=r--John Boden, a middle-aged man of repulsive appearance, described as a tinman in Georgestreet, itaieldls, was charged with the following horrble bra- The appearance of the complainant, an elderly woman named Elizabeth Hoseland, as she stood in the witness-box, was truly shocking. One of her eyes was perfectly black; her lips and cheeks were quite bLack and pulpy, as if from pinches orblows; shehad numerouscut or bites all over her features; and she gaveher evidence with great fear and trembling. She said,-I know the prisoner, wrho has for some time past lived with my daughter, and I have a room in the same house that he rents as landlord. Last night lie suddenly returned home, and, without the slightest provocation on my part, came direct into my room, and, swearing that he would then do for me, pulled metothe ground, and, kneding upon my chest, tried to tear my maouth open with bothhishands. I struggled with him as wellasIcould,. but he bit me all over my face and back, and on my scream*ing " pMuder" ad " Help" he Lckeh me all over my body. It was God in His mercy who sent a friend to save me this time, or I must have been murdered. I am very ill and Mlr. D'ExNcoumT.-Have you beenbefore treated in this [ ay byhim 9 I-Witness-Yes; Sir, I have often been beaten cruelly by l:im, very often. Once I came to this court to obtaim a -warrant against him, but had not money enough to pay for it, and three or four years ago he knockced out several of my teeth. Oh, he has used me most cruelly. (The womanhere exhibited her mouth, which was found to be much torn and lacerated, although the officer who had charge of the case said he believed it had been poulticed the whole of the inight. I have been obliged to Live in the same house with *him an1 my daughter, because it renders my rent easy of paymenlt. HIe had been drinking last night, tho ugh not -much, but he has a dreadful temper, whether saber or nut. Mtr. D'Eyxcoux.-Let this poor woman be examined by the attendant. Anne Hoseland, the daughter.-I live with the prisoner as his wife, and on entering the house last night I heard low, smothered cries, and ran into the room of my mother. I found her lying upon the floor, -with the prisoner kneeling iapon her, and, from his position, Ithought he washiting her windpipe. I implored him not to bite her and to leave her alone. She was thoroughly exhausted, and complained of his havin- both kicked and bitten her, and I fmd that she is very much injured all over her. He is of a dreadful temper. and was not quite sober ls3t night, though he very well knew what he was doing. My mother was quite sober. He has7often attacked me in this way, and my mother too. I have suffered a great deal from his illusag Aldennan (the gaoler).-Why, she does not appear to have any front teeth herself, Sir. Witness.-No, he has knocked them al out. William NeaL-Iwas passing down the street last night, when I heard cries of " Help" and " Murder" in a woman's voice, and on rushing into an upstairs room in the prisoner's house I saw the complainant rollednp in a corner in such a way that you could not tell at first what it was. 1I however, soon found that she was in a terrible state; her mouth was perfectly black from bruises, and she exclaimed to me, " On, God, how thankfal I am you have come, or I should bave been murdered." The prisoner was there, and another man too, who demanded what right I had to be there; but I happen to beathe landlord of the house, andtold him so, and that the cries of " Murder" entitled me to force my way in, and give the prisoner in char" e Mrs. Riol, the court attendant.-The coniplainant is dreadfully bruised all over the lower parts of her body, as well as on her shoulders, back, and chest, and by to-morrow It+hin still more bruises will appr. Prisoner.-It's the drink; when I get it I don't know what I do; but they woald both swear mny life away. Mr. 1x' COURT.-Why, you are a perfect wild beast and ought to be chained by the leg. This is mosthorrible brutality, and you ought to be sent for trial for it, that you might get a greater amount of punishment than it is i mypower to inflict; but I very W it isint ese cases, and, though Ido most sincerely wish that I could punish you more severely, I will sentence you to the heaviest amount I can, which is that you be committed to theZouse of Correction for six months, with hard labour, and at the expiration of that time you must fliid two h&ail in 401., to be answerale for you for a further term of sikznomtheaThn. Prisoner.-.Why, I shall lose aldl my tools.. '''' - Sr. D',lCOumT acknowledged his receipt, for thc poorbOx of 11. from "J~ . aU. ,' .a drught for 1O., from "P. r. 3 .,;" the first half of a 5o..note, from Mr. Peter Peikwick;. and ol., per Messrs. Gosling and Sharpe, from' 'oefore Mi., YARDE,' chargea vith knowingly aeLnng a- torged B&an of Mglautluote.'. r remanded him until Monday nLext.' - ' - - S TuW.R .-r.BECAM= requested. nr reporter to cknol'edge the folloing timelv P onstions to the poorbox .-A check for TlO from "P. U. J.," and the sepon& balf of a 57-note from " PeterPickwick." - L-, Irr.-W]llam B a mYa of resetable appasnee,wbo iasfor some ye Veld the responsible situation of foremn to th6 Messm Walker, Parker,'and co., the extensive lead vaepcbants and shot mantfacturers, in the Beividere-road, Immbtli, and. ;ames -Winiter an< Is Jones, sernants e3nlo eciby the same firnn, Were placed at the bar bsrZe'E.} g ona chage of pludr ing their einployera to> the enormous extent of 5,0001. per - Mr. Humphr, jun., attended for the 1)roFerti iiin Mrj Solomons for the prisoner Burms, and Mx. Lewis for the prisoner Winter. Fxom the opening statement of MIr. Humphreya it peared that for Bsome years pust the a= ble finn b zeliresented had discovered tha they b% plundere1 to a considerable extent, and that year after year the plunderincreased, until.at length it arrived at the enormous anc. almost incredible sum of 5,0001 All this time the prosecutors knew not whom to suspect, but of the mmany persos in their employment the last person they should have dreamt of wasthe prisoner Burns, who in fact wae brn ;and.- broughtup on the premises, andassoonasbhewasabloeto do anything was put into a situation, and_promoted fromy one to another, until he was at length made foreman, and place in a situation of the utmost trust, over all theyersons employed in the concern. Two men had been dischargedeon suspicion of being the thieves, and the prisoner Jones was detected in cariymg out of the premises two bars of lead s'nng to a leathern strap, whichpassed round bis neck, anDc weighed 301b. The prisoner at that time wa taken before Bums, the foreman, but from some cause or other he was allowed to escape, and made the best of his way to Wales, where he a few days ago as apprehended on a warrant. Circumstances also ledto the apprehension of Burns and Winter, and the ltter made a statement, which was taken down in writing, admitting his own guilt and that of Bura, and from that statement it appeared that the dishonest transactions commenced 12 years ago, andthat the plunder was effected by representing the lead purchased to be of a greater qUantity, and that sold of a less, and dividing with the seller or purchaser the value of the inerease or deficiency, as the case might be. His confessions Earticula,y.poiuted to one lead merchant who was in the habit of doing a large business with the prosecutors, both as a seUer of old lead and a purchaser of new, and who his caused a perfect sensation in the lead trade by cutting it up bY selUin new' lead chesper than it could be manufactured; and Ur. Walker, the prosecutor, said he had rease To do business with the pesson in question in conegqence, as he said, of his selling his (Mx. Walker's) own lead ceaper t.han he could manufactare it. The case was partly heard on a former day by 3fr- Elliott, who is at present confined -with a bad cold, and, as Mr. Hardwick was merely sitting for a da or two in his pIace, the prisoners were remanded to a futureday, to have it heard before Mr. Elliott. Bail to any amount was' tendered for 3Rns and Winter, but was refused by the magistrate. The latter prsoner, it should be mentioned, was put into the witness- .ox to swear to the trath of the statement he had made, and to be received as Queen's evidence, but he refused to be sworn, and was consequently removed back to the dock. A weli dressed German, who at the first examination refused to give either his name or address, but who, when yesterdayhe was placed at the bar, gave the name of Charles Smdt, was finally examined on a charge of stealing at the arrival platform of the Waterloo station a portmanteau containin plate, jewelry and other property of the value of 2001., the property of Captain Wl liam Edward Flood. Mr. William Watham Young, the stationmaster at the Waterloo station, was present to watch the proeceedings. From the evidence before given, and which appeased in _c l'imeS, it will be recollected that on the evening of Thursday, the 10th inst., the prisoner, who had gone on the platform to pick up what he could, was detected in a cab with a portmanteaug just in the act of driving away. He ws taen to the stationhouse, and cn the arrival of the next train the owner of the property was discovered irn ena lood, who travelled by it. en swon, Captain FlG deposeathat on Thursaaylast he came to town from the Camp at Aldershott, and at. Farnbam station had a. portmanteau and two boxes, which, had his name on them, put into a luggage-van. At Woking a part of the train went offexpress, but he did not changehis place, and remained with the other part, and therefore, did not arrive at the Waterloo station for half an hour afterthe other part. He then inquired for his luggage-theportmanteau and two boxes-and found them in the possesson of lnspector Bent. The portmanteauproduced was his property, and the same that had been taken by the expresm part of the train. It contained a dressingbox belonging to, himandajewelaeebelon-ingto his wife, and other articles, -worth altogether about 2001. The prisoner, after receiving the sual caution, was asked by Mfr. Eardwick if hie wished to say anything; upon which he replied, "I was verymuch intoxicated. It was my birthday, and I spentt dlimy money ;ana in my desperation I went to the railway station, picked up the property, and got into this dilidcuty." The prisoner was fully committed for trial.
FPNCINANYOIAL REP a) T. - -- The _UoniteLer pablishes the foll owing report, addressed- to the Emperor :-- :' we t - Sire,-We have reached that period of the year when it is customary for the Minister of the Finances to render an account to the Emperor of the gmerral state of the finances. - % I " The exceptional circusnstances wlhich during'the years 1,4S ard 1S55 wcre of a nature to influence the public income and expenditure, and the operation3 of the Treasury, considerably lighten my duIty to-day. "Y Your M.jesty will see with satisfaction that, if in those two yea-r the cholera, the food crisis, and the wvar imposed great sacrifices upon the State, it may at least be asserted that the sources of putblic wealth have by no mneans been weakened, and that, espezially in 1835, comamerce and industry attained a; developnment which no one could have anticipated, even iYs the nuost prosperous. tines. " Budget of 1853.-In mylast report I had the honour of informing the Emperor oE thto principal causzes which, exclusive of the extraordinary demands of tle war and navy, placed heavy supplementary credits upon the budget of 15'A to the amount of 120,C000f. " The general statement of accounts, published Last Ifay, showed the provisional condition of that budget with a probable excess of e.cpenditure of nearly 100,000,000f. Since then that teullt ha.s semsibly diminished. I can now announce with certainty to your Majesty that the defidt of 1854willnontreaah 70,00,000f. I must even add that if the budget had not speciaUly provided for t'.he completion of the great public works, in addition to the genernl resources allotted to'them by a supplementary credit of 72,000,0001, the definitive balance between the ordinary receipts and espenditure would have been in favour of the receipts. " Budget of 1855.-The estimates of the budget of 155 have been modified by un'foreseen circumnstances. "The assistance given to the communes, the arrears of the last two loans, the discounts for anticipated instalments, the necessity of reconstituting on a larger basis the stores of the tobacco m3anufactories to put them on a footing with the increased consiumption, the increase of premiumsnsto exportatiosi resulting from the activity of our industry, the expenses of the IUniversal Exhibition, the impulse given to public works, are so many accidental causes which led to the opening of numerous credits, and imposed uipon the budget a supplementary charge of 120,000,00ff. "' This scsi appears heavy, but I beg the Emperor to observe that a portion of it-that of the premiumns, amounting to 17,000,G000-is only the restitution of duties levied ; that another portion-that of t'e tobacco-exceeding 15,000,00f., is not a real expense, but a simple transformation of property (ruciu.s), and that, finally, the great public work.l have takeek 52,000,000f. of the ordinary revenues. " Such an amount imposed upon the present for the advantage of the future can.ot be considered as money lost to the State; on the contrary, it is certain that it is the most useful and most profitablc of aU investuacuts. The expericnco of the last 20 years proves in the most incontestaile manner that 'tle finds devoted to the completion of roads, to the perfection of nav igation; to the works of ports, to the development of railways, are productive in the' highest degree, and by facilitating commerce and industry they always bring a corresponding progress into the revenues of the TEeasury. "At ro period, Sire, have great vorks of public utility received so great an impulse as in the last four years; at no period, also, was the increase of indirect duties so rapid; and in this latter respect no year can compete w-ith 185.a "The most conclusive proof is given by the tables recently published in the '?onieur. To appreciate fully the v alue of that dcument, it is necessary not to confound the duties levied in virtue of former tariffv with the new duties result. ing from lairvs passed in the las:t Legislative Session. " The newv dr,ties haS-d given 33.000,000f. "The ola taciffs having also been in force in the two years 1.S54 and 1855 alone offer elements of comparisoll. They show to the advantge of 1855 an enormous increase of mearly d0,000,000., -which brings to 91T,000,000f. the total produc of the old duties, and proves that, thanks to the confidence inspired by your MLijesty, not only has all the lost grotund of 1848 been regained, but that the year 1846 itself, the most remarlkable under the preceding Government, i: already exceeded by nearlyl00,00,000f. "This wonderful result of the national activity is not the ontly distingaishingg mark of the year vrhich has just passed. - "The direct contributions, thanks to the increase of the number of patentecs, have given a surplus value of 4,000,000f.: The facility of recovering has made additional progress. The smms received on the 31st of December exceeded by nearly 18,000,0001f. the amount estimated, and the costs of collecting had undergone a neNv arnd notable reduction. "T he State forests have been sold at prices quite unhoped for The clearings estimated at 21,800,0M00. in the budget of 1S55 produced 30,000,0Q. - " All these augmentations and some probable annulments of credit will, in all probability, reduce the difference of 1855, despite the 1l0,000,000f. of supplementary allocations, to a deficit of about 50,000,000£. This figure, owing to the extraorlinzr wants whichit wasnecessarytoprovide for, wil appear very satisfactory, especially if it is considered that it is much below the sum provided for tI c extraordinary works and for the tobacco reserves; and that, therefore, properly sneaking, it does not make a deficit. " Your Majesty will allowv mo to observe on this subject, in a general manner,' that for many years the regulations of the budget would be balanced, if, as formerly, the expenses of extraordinary vorks were entirely covered by special resources falling at once Upon the present and upon the futurc. "Budget of lS5S.-Thebud, et oflS.Gouly commencing, it impossihle to state the results beferehand. But tcie anority of causes wIhich, in 1855, led to supplementary credits are not likelyvto be reproduced, and it may therefore be reasonably expected that the facts. will come mudlc nearer the previsions. " Endgct of 1.85T-Thc budgel of 1857, ac'uailysubinitted to the examination of the Couaicil of State, is balanced by an excess of receipts of 15,00,000Sf. To give to this estimate, according to the Emperor's intentions, the greatest possible character of sincerity, and to dimiulsh the unfavourable chances of unforeseen circumstances, some changes have beere introduced into the basis of the estimates. On the one hand, in fixing the expenses, more account has 'been taken of the experinenc of preceding years. I anay quote the export premiums, the allocation of wvhich, alvways hitherto insufficient; I have increased by 12,000,000'. "A s regards the receipts, contrary to the corse usually followed, they have been estimated according to results obtained, and- according to the previsions of 1856, without regard to ulterior augmentations. This almost certain increase of receipts is reserved to provide for the supplementary expenses which unavoidable occurrences may entail. The most practical and efficacious method of procuring an actual balance appears to me to be not to disoount the future,-and t-o kee eventual receipts to covcr ulforeseen expenses. I "'TE,aLsur.Y. "I cannot speak of tne condition of the Treasury without callins yourMff-jestys attention for a moment to the produce of the loans and to thae extraordinary expenses it 'was put to. "The loan of 250,000,000f. is completcly paid up. "On the 1st of January of the present year 476,000,000f. were realized on the loan of 500,O0,0001. "A At the same- period we had received 394,000,000F. on the 780,C00,000., the amount of the last loan and of the supplement-namely - "' For the IOth part and the instalments due, which were paid up with exactitude, 234,000,00Gf. "For the anticipations, 160,000,0001. "In all 1,120,000,000f. "The expenses estimzted on the loans amounted, on the 31st of December for the two years, 1854 and 18S5, to nearly 1,C000,0G30000. II The excess of resources realized on the. payments made is, therefore, at the present moment about 120,000,000 . "1 This excess, addedto 415,00,000f., wvhich rtmain to be recovered on the last two loans, forms a disposable total of 535,000,000. for the extraordinary wants of the war in 1856. It is true that some expenses of 1855 have still to be settled; hut the same fact must necessarily teil upon the expenses of 1856, of which a portion can only be sett'ed and paid in 1857. "Tlhanks to the anticipation of the receiptt on these exp.cnses, the Treasur was enabled to defer untilQ ithin the ; few days, to the great advantage of businews, the inCrease of interest of the bonds, and to snpport without embaras,snent the advances made by the Bank of Deposits and Cousigum.e;ts to the Army Donation Euds. "T Ihe fldating debt, propery called, has found itself reduced to 052,00,000.-thab is to say, 121,000,000f. below the figure of last year, and the TreasuryEBonds have -beenreduced to 168,000 000f. " This es-timate, which economized thle ordinary resources of the Treasury, has the incontestable advantage of leaving ka very large m3rgin for its Ulterior wants. 4 To rcmsi, Sire, the simple sketch of the principal financial e.enta of the pall 'E-i hbiofs us a comnniercial activity without , parallel;, unheard-ef progress in conEmniption; two enormous loans, paid Up witsl th6 greatest regulerity, and in a great measu before tlhe payment. were due; besides the lacs, more than 113,000,000', as um tWhich had levver, before been krnown to have been emVloyed in 'the ub,o o& rCK'n fur the de4parments; the -direct - contributions--paid-- by-. articipation;- -and alnost witiout expense; a well-balanced budget; the floating debt reduced; ad all this despite the war, de6pite the crisis in the high price of. food, despite the very considerable outlay, which accidental eircumstances imposed upon us. What:greater proof could be given of the vitality and richness of the cogntry and of .'1 that France is capable of under a popular Government with such resources wisely employed? Extravaganee alone might be feared. Your XJajesty vwill know to obviate that danger by y our high prudence, by firmly opposing the inconLsiderate temptations of speculation, and by adiourning, in the interest of the enterprises already comiaenced, ill those wvhich do not bear the evident mnark of urgency, " T am, with the most profound respect, Sire, your 3 lajesty's very obedient and faithfil subject, *PFris, JarL 15, 1850. "P. 3UGNE."
THE PUGELEY POISONLING CASES. THE INOUEST OIT 3M. WALTER P k.2E. RUGELEY, WEDYESDAty. .The following evidence wvas adduced yes terday evening after our parcel was folwarded:- Thomas Myer, examined by Mr. emnry Deane, solicitor, for the Crown.-I aTo "boots" at the GrandJunction Hotel, Staflord. 1 knew W,alter Palmer, deceased. I also knew William Palmer, his brother. I remember the day on which Walter Palmer died. Two days before that day Mr. William Palmer gave me two bottles wrapped up in white paper to Ikeep for hiMm. They were bottles about. four inches long, and he told me to keep them till he as}:ed for them, and not to expose them to the air. He came afterw-ards on the same day and fetched them away. He was not long away, and I did not see which wayle went. He came bacl in about an hour andgavenmethebottles, tellingretotakeeearcof them. iThe next day (the day beforo Walter Palmer's death) he called gain and asked me for the bottles. I brought them to him in the stable. and he tosk one of them out of my hand, and taking a very smaU bottle he poured a little of what vas in it iito the larger bottle and then back into the small bottle. The bottle w-as so small' I could scarcely see it. It. was about an incI and a-half high. My nmaster, rx. Lloyd, then came into the stable, and I left them together. LI the evening he came again, and I put the t wo bottles (lie had taken the very small one away with him in the merning) into his gig. I saw him the next day just after his brother wLas dead. Jle said lie lad stopped to see the last of hinm. I said, " It is a bad job for him." His answer was, "Yes, it is, poor fellow." He theni told moe he wanted mue to take a couple of missages for himn to tlw telegraph. I wvent w ith him to his brother's house, and he vwrot a message on paper, but wheni I took it to the station they would not take it, as it was not on one of their own forms. I then returned to ldmu, and he filled up a form, wvhich I took to the station. I afterwards took another messaige.] A clerk from the Telegraph Company's-office produced the original forms on which the mnessages were trasiscribed. They were as follon-s :" Date, 1Gth of August; commenced 2.50 p.m., finished 2.v5; Palmer, Rugelcy, to Boeket, Vatling-street, London-'Put 501. on Y. You need not telegraph, but writo to mne to-night to Rugeley.' Comnmenced 15, past 4, fo-rwarded 34 past *; Palmer, Ilngeley, to Frail, Ludlow-' Pray, Mr. Frail, send me word to the :tafford station wvho has von the Ludlow Stakes.' Examination of Thomuas MIver continued.-I saw 3Mr. Walter Palnier on the Sundaibefore his death. I called at liis house about 4 o'clock. le opened the door for uie, and asked :me to have a cuip of ale. lie appeared to bo very vweU aid in good spnits. I remained witl him about ten minutes. Soue tine afterwards Willi.Lm Palmer.askedld me at the Junction who it wvos had been down at the hotel, and whether they (meaning Mr. Deane and Field, the detective) had asked anything about him. msaid, " No one has beena'kin-ibout vou." lie then .asked me if I would h.ave sometbsing to drink. Isaid I voulld take some brandy, and he gave me some which made me very sick iniimediately afterwards. (Laughter.) I kept the bottles in tle boot roomI, and the door was locked. I am sure ntobody interfered w-ith them. Mfr. Thomas Lloyd exainined.-I amn landlord of tho Junction Tam at Stafford. I knew Walter and Wiliami Palmer, I remember going into my stble oo Wlednesday, tho 15th day of August, and sceing William Palnmer tlere with the last vwitness. Mr. Paler wvas in the act of pouring somethinlg out of a small bottl into a large one. The large bottle wyas about as Iarge as ani ounce or two-ouince bottle. It wat round. I said, "G C-ood morning, 3Ir. Palmer ; how is your brother this morning r" He replied, "H e is very ill inleed; he is very weak and low indeed." He added, " I am goiug uX) to see him, and take hin something wlich will stimulate him. Dr. Day is attendin-g him, but ho is not so well acquainted ithhiis habits as I am, and taking iis drink nway from-him and giving llil medicine will not do for a personvwho has beenin thc hwabit of drinking, and I hope this will do him good." He also _aid he had gone very foolishly to the ra.ces the daybefore, which night have been the death of hin rne the state he w.-as in. Ile continued to say what a sad thing it wastliat people injured thaemselves by drin-king themselves to death. (n the Saturday previous WilliamnY'almer camie to mc and asked ine for a bottle of the very best old brandy. He said that Walter vms very ill, and that, as it would not do to let him be without anything to take. he wished me to give him a bottle of the very beet brandy. "I fear," said he, "he has been sending out to spirit shops, aud has been drinkimn very inferior stuif." He had the brandy, and took it away wvith him, telling me that, should his brother require more, I was to let him have it, and O wvould pay for it. To Air. Smith (solicitor for Mr. Palmer.)-My conyvrsation with him when hal had the bottles was on the Wednesday. I did not see him on the Thursday until after his brother was dead. To a Juror.-WhatI Isaw in the small bottle was of a light coloiur. I am not sure that a second bottle of branady was had afterwards by WalkIeden. The snall bottle wvas alquartcr-ounce bottle, and 1 noticed the contents to be white as water as he turned the bottle up. A Juror.-Was William Palmer at Walter Palmer's on the Sunday before his death ? Witness.-He was. I think he was there every morning up 'o Thursday. I knew he -was there on Sunday, for, as I was coming home from church, I saw him opposite our gatevway talking to Dr. Day. Mr. Deane here put in William Palmer's diary from the 8th to the 17th of August, 1855. The entries were as follows :-" Sth. Went to Briglhton Races; returned to London in the evening; returned to Stafford by mail train; slept at the Junction. 9the Returned home by the S o'clock train. Nth. Went to see Walter, wvho was taken ill; paid Walter Palmer 71. 11th. Went to soe Walter twice, and returned home at night by fly; paid Henry l4s. 12th. Ir. Dyte came here to dine; Mr. Dyte and I went to see Walter and returned homue by fly (this was Sunday). 13th. Wvemit to Wolverhampton in Southerin's fly; Saunders lost on Lurly201. 14th. Wentby Stafford to see Walter, came home by gil from Wolverhampton. 15th. Went by Staf-. ford to olverhampten, and returned by Stafford to sea Walter, who was very ill. 16th. Paid Fortescle for a barrel of beer 135.; went to see Walter, who was very ill; Walter Palmer died at half-past 2 o'clock p.m. 17th. Went to Liverpool to tell Agnes, Eliza, and Joseph of Walters death; paid Mason (in the train going to Liverpool) for oats, 181. 18th, At home." Jeremiah Smith examined.-I am a solicitor, residing in Rugeley. I reeollectThursday, thel6thof August. Itwas the day of Ludlow Races. I went to the races that day. hMr. William Palmer had a rnare running there that day. It was called "Lurly." William Palmer asked me on theprevious day to go to the races with Saunders. I do not think that either Saunders or I were to telegraph a message for hin from Ludlow to Stafford. I feel quite sure I did not telegraph to Palmer that day, but Saunders might have done so. The clerk from the Telegraph Company was called, and proved that the vwitness had telegraphed from Ludlow at half-past 1 o'clock, on the 16th of Augusst, to William Palmer, at Stafford station, a message in tho following words :--I" Imogene is here, butt a Miss P. says your mare must win; if so,will send to Colnich to-night." Examination continued.-The signature to the form on w-hich the message is witten nov produced is in an handvriting. I suppose Pahtter must have told ime that he coul1d not get to Ludlowz in consequence of the illness of Waiter Palmer, and that I was to telegraph to him to Stafford. (A& laugoh.) To Mr. Deane.-I do not remember having dined with Walter and William Palmer and Walkeden in Febraary, 1855. I cannot remnember so far back. (lauighter.) I do not remember about that time having witnessed a deed of ssignment of a policy of assurance from Walter to William Palmer for 13,OGOI. r. Smith objected to any evidence beingo taken about the as<sigmlment, as it was not in court. Sir. Deaue.-I believe it is in the han.ds of Mr. Thomas Pratt, of Queen-street, Mayfair, London. The Coroner.-Then he is the man to have here. rr. Palmer cannot have the deeds in his possession. They do not let such documents into the place where ho is. Could you not have had Pratt here ? A Juror (to witness).-Did yon ivtnes a assi gnment f-om WVaiter to William Palmer of a policy of asstL-ance for 13,0001. NVatness.-If yoet produce tle deed will toll you w-hether I did ornot. Iknow the proper way of proving the execution of an assignment. Mr. John Hornby exanined.-I am actuary of the Prinecof Wales Life Assuranuce-office. I produce aproposal for a policy on the life of Walter l'almer in that office. It is witnessed by "Jeremniah Smith. Rlugeley, Staffordshire." The policy was iusued on the 31st of january. Iwas apprised of the death of Walter Palmer by a letter from Dr. 'Thoms Pratt, solicitor of Queen-street, Mayfair. A notice of assignment from Walter to William Palmer was sent with it. The letter sent with it said that the policy was in the possession of the waiter, as the witness was well aware. The jury wished to know whether the money was paid under that policy?9 Witne~ss-No, it was not. r. Ceasaton, a clerk i;: the UJniv>ersal Lifeo4ffice, s- duced a proposal for an assurance on the life of Waltcr Palmer, for 13,001., w iCh that-fiice lhad declined. The Corenet'.-I see there is a molest the foot of the form of proposal :-" I Deliver the policy to Mr. Pratt, solicitor,5, Queen-street, sEayfair." Thiis appears tohavenothing to do with htr:lVlliam'Palmer; hiis iemesi5 noMmentionodin theproposal - - htr. fieane said that Mr. Thomas Pratt was Sir. WilliaM Palmees solidtor-a sufficient coine5ion-to justify the jury in inquilnglurther. - . -The Coroner said, he did not see tht e proposal could be enidence against the au. Br. Deene did not p1:e the evidence5 but observed that the proposalhad been-made subsequently to the issue of thepolicy in the Prnce of Wsles office. - - - llr. E3dwin James Farrer,,' actuaay and' secretary to thec Gresharn Life-odice, produced a proposil for assurance on the life of Walter Palmer to that office for 15,000?. Williom lalmer'6 name did not apnear on the proposal, biitthat person had called on the witn&s with reference to it. The proposaf hadaeenoriginally left in the office by a person whose name the witness d;d not know.-. 3fr. Smith said, there was no evidence that William Palmer had insured Walter Palmer's life for a shilling. Mr. Deane said thxt, although William Palmer's name was not on the face of the proposal-paper, he could prove interviews with, and the correspondence between, him and the office. The Coroner decided not to receive the proposal in evi'dence. - der. Deame observed that, under these circumstances, he would not tender evidence with respect to two other proposals for 1 3,000, each on. the life of Walter Palmer. | .This closed the evidence for the prosecution. Mr. Smith said thatk on hearing from the coroner that he would not allow him (Mr. Smith) to address the jury' on the part of Mr. William Palmer, ho had taken the opinion of counsel on the point, and Mr. M'Mahon-than whom there was no sounder black-letter lawyer in the kingdomhad given it as his opinion that z person in the position of Mr. Villiam Palmer had a right to be hcarl by counsel before the coroner's jury. Mr. M'I,lahon, iiigiving lisopinion, had cited severalr cases, some of them triedc before Mr. Wakley, tie coroner for Middlesex, in which the practice bad been established. Having given this opiniou of counsel in vindication of his claim to be heard before the jury in the cease of Anne Palmer, he would not in this case make application to be heard for Mr. Palmer. The Foreman of the Jury said that, before the Coroner smmned sip the evidence, the jury would like to have an oplportunity of considering whether it would not be advisable to examine Mr. Pratt, and also to ask some further que.tions of Professor Taylorand Dr. Day, wvho had attended thc deceased in his list illness. The'Coroner said the jury could retire, if they pleasecl, and discuss the matter. The insythen withdrew, and shortlyafterwards returned, wvhein the forerman said they had resolved to adjourn the inquiry nntil they had heard MIr.'Pratt's evidence with respect to the policies of assurance, and until they had rcexamined Professor Taylor and Dr. Day. The inquest woms then adjourned until Wednesdpy next, at 9 o'clo.
CAnsGE or MuxnDra.-Yesterday an inquest was held before Mri. Carter, the coroner for East Surrey, at Lans, on the body of a woman named Mary mnn Peacock, a wvidow formerly resident at Kingston, which was found in the T3anics, near Teddington, on Sunday last. Evidence was given which showed that the eause of deatl wvas asphyxia from drowninig; that aho had left her home on Monday week last, in the evening, in company -with a man named Jackson, wvith the avowed inerpose of passing the night wvith him on board a barge, of which le was captain. She took with her a baby, wvhich has not been heard of sinice. Jackson and another man, naLmed Ford, the mate of the barge, are in custody on suspicion of having caused the death of the woman. The coroner, after the examination of several witnesses, who proved the above-mentioned facts, adjourned the inquest for further evidenco to be produced as to wvho was in the company of the deceased from the time she left homne. 'i'n ALrkLIr 3LxvT-Acrur.Fns oF Tun TnnuWe are informed that the manufacture of a]lkali on the Tyne has quite recovered the severe depression of last ycar. Best alkali is quoted at 24d. per cent. ner ewt.k; second quality, 23d. ditto ; crystal sod a, five guineas p er ton; anbout Il. per ton advance upon the same p eriod of last year. The demuand iS good, and the stocks are reported to be less t.han the avernge. The market is buoyant, with every prospect, of agoedyear. EXTENSIVE RonnnRIggS.-T-o daring .land slicSSful robberies bave just been committed in Devonshire. Oni Monday niglht the premises of lUr. Burrir.gton, jarewller and watchmaker, of High-strect, Exeter, were entered, and froni 60 to 70 gold andsilver wateles, 30 to 40 gold chains, tle samie number of Albert chains, anda numiber of secondhand silvcr watches, estimated to be -worth in the aggregate upwards of 1,0001., u-ore stolen. The thieves effected the robbery in a most ingenious mannelr. They entered at the back of the premises, cut a piece of glass out of the k;itchien window, carefullyremoved soniehvacnth glasses, and, having lifted the sash, they thus obtained entrance into the house. They then went through a sitting-room into the shop, and took away the property named, without disturbing the owner, who slept in a room above the kitchen, wvhere they firt entered, and made clean off w%ith their booty. The police are on the alert, but as yet no clue has becn obtained to the robbers. On Sunday night the premises of Mr. French, a gentleman residing at Crediton, were entered, and a large quantity of silver plate was carried off. In this instance also no clue has yet been obtained to the' perpetrators of the robbery. , kj_-'.S' A MILLONAIRE; AND fli lThquisrs.-On tlhe Sthl inst. Mr. John Ferguson, of Cairubrock, died at his residence near Irvine, in Ayrshire, of which tow.n he was a native, in the 69th year of his age. - It was known that the deceased gentlemanv was imnensely; wealthy, and, as he was childless, much expectation existed, cspecially on the part of those who were in any degree related to hiss, as to the disposal of his property. - At the opening of his will, after the funeral, it vws found that Sir. Ferguson had died possessed of mcars to the. alue of 1,250,000!. sterling, wvich consists of estates in Ayrshire ard Wigtonshire, as well as investments in British, Anerican, and continental securities. On the whole, the old gentlemanhas dividedhis immense weatlt in a wray which has given considerable satisfaction. Relations who were poor le blasmadc cossfortablie, and those who wvere already in easy circeusstances are now - affluent. Besides recently given to relations and charitable societies suns varying froin 1,000!. to 30,0001., he has left legacies to relations, on both father's and mnother's side, near and dist.ant, to the vast amount of 681,0001. The leatees amount to upwards of 100 in number, and the legacies vary from 5!. to 50,000?. to the respective recipients. IHe has also left 20,000!. among 24 pcersonal friends; but the bequests w=hich the public are most interested in are the following, f'or charitable, ednecationlal, and religious purtprees-via: Tlo ha distibuted by his trustees among the poor of Irvine, time and mode at discretion of htrstees, 1,O000!.; to the pane- in HIalfwvay of Irvine, 1,000I.;* for the instruction of the youth of Xinec, 1,00:.; toeach of the si churches in Irvine, 5)0!-001.; also, in comr.exion wvith the town of Irvine, his trustees to set apart the snm of 5,0001.. the interest of which to be for the benefit of deserving women about40 years of age, in rednced circmstances, who have never got parish assistance; also a like SUm of 5,0001 the interest of which to be paid to deserving men above 40 years of age, in reduced circumnstances, who ave neer got parish assistance; for charitable, educational, and benevolentsocietiesandinstitutions in Scotland, 50,000!. for religious societies and institutions in Scotlad, 20,000t; for ragged or industlial schools ii Scotland, 10,000!.; or, in the optien of Mir. Fergusol's trustees, the annual income of these sums to be applied for these purposes and the reversion of his estate, which will be very Large, he has directed to be set apart and invested on reel or setsonal securities as a permanent fund, to be called "The guson Bequest est r produce thereof to he paid and applied towardls the maintenance and promotion of religions ordinances and education and missionaoy operations, and for public libraries, in the fir.5t instance, in the six esteen counties of Scotland-yiz., county of Ayr, ste-artry of Kirk-cudbright, and counties of W1gtew,4vn Lanark, Ronfrew, and Dumnbarton, by payment foe- the erection or support of chulrches and schools in counesionl with the onead scena churches of the establshment, Free Church, the fliled Presbyterian Church, the Reformed Presbyterian Clurch, andtheIndepdent Church. Forthenmanagement of this fond the body of trustees named by the deceased is to be increased to 13--viz., three of tho Dstablished Church, four of the Free Church, fourof the United Presbyterian Church, one of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, and one of the Independent Chnuch. The executors under the will are 11 in number, chiefy resident in Glasgow and Irvine. Mr. Ferguson derived the greater bulk of his fortune from maternal uncles named Service, who originally belonged to Ayrshire, and respectively becoming merchants in London and New York realized immense proor, and dying intestate it came to the recently deceased -en Aean, as their sisters son and heir-at-law. 3Mr. Ferguson was humself for some time engaged in a mercantile establishmeent in America ; but he came home on succeeding to the estate of his uncle George, in 1810, and abandoned trade altogether. He was a calculating, sharp-sighted manb, and largtely increased his inheritanice by judiciouls investment, and by money-lending. He occasioushlly visited London and Edinburgh, but he generally a tnt the concluding years of his- life at his native town-of tvine, vhere he lived at little expense, though there was nothing of the miuser about VALu, Or ImmiGRAXiI.S 1x SXERICA.-We have estimated in a pre.ious article the moneyed loss sustained by the country in this year's decrease of immigration. 'VWe drew the estimate merely frons two palpable sources of profit which would be, Cet off by cessation - f immigration leaving others less apparent, though equally real. These two, aamely,tthe &dit personal property imported by each immnigrant, andthe value of his labour. The first wse estimated at $13,500,000, thatis, the amountwhich would have been imported by the 170,000 immigrants who this year have stayed at home. The szeond, rockoning the value of the labour as at least equal to the cost of liing-namely, $2 pee- wveek to each person, we made $17,C000,00. The total loss, then, for the coming year to the countryT w ould be, on this estimate, V,0,00,000. Such estimates are, of course, onlyapproximate. We designedly understated theist The value of labour is its p\rofit. In a newf country like tieis there can be very little doubt thabc wases wvould double without irmmigration-tleat is, the mechamc would receive $3 instead of $;150 pee- day for his work; the farm labourer $b2 inst'ead of $>1; the laun- dress $l5D0 irstead of 75c. Thsamount i3nowt in cffecti gained bythe producers of the country who employ hired labotur,s andvouldbealest bythevwithdrawval of this labour. On a broad statement each immi;graut is worth-is a profit to the nation of at least $2 per week, or whiat he conumnes, over and ahsove the expenses of his labour; some of course, will be worth mere. some less; but this woulld be en aLver.age and moderate valuation. It should be remembered- in this are included two sources ef individu.al profit-thle gain to thec employer in the labour .and the gain to the preclucer in the articles consumed. These - together would swell uIp the profits ofthe foreign Labone-, nowv lost4, we believe, conlsideratly above our estimate. The first gaiin mentioned-the importof£pe seni1property, is, of course, a puregain, even more thanith same amount drawtn frcm acmue gold or ailv-er mine in Anires. Ndo labour,ce,i vnn;hag for it4 Foreign ca itel lent eveon, is given in, xchange,n suchl perniaenut value. Its worthi}LS the present profit of usng it.-' The interest we p ay ferit goes to other countries, and the p2inceipel-must eventually ce withdrawn. Such moneyed estimates of -thc vaEluc.of macn as thesit seemh low ard s elfish, and yet there are some who can-be; affected bsy nothtiyi else.' It. is desiraMe to shsic to t.hem Thiat in this csoe humait&y and rjpci-per li, iu thecn aepish.-Hew 3Tci-AD Dei:l 2'fma.-: do*,
EHE L. OlLER aRXPLOSIOY AT.LEA-BROO, - - STAFFORDSHIRE. - .TITON, WEDvEsDAY. NJSSnT ' u ingue was held this day at the Bush Inn, Lea Brook, Tipton, before 3Ir. G. M. Hinchliffe, cofoner, on the bodies of Bdmund Powell, Patrick Moran, MichaeV'Gannon, and Wiliam IHubbard, the four unfortunate men keilled by the explosion of a boiler on the premises of Memsrs. Hickanr, on M1onday morning. After the jury, which was composed of practical men, vwell acqainted vith the nature of boilers and machinery, had had a view. of the bodties, they proceeded to examine the premises and broken portions of the boiters, left in the-state they wcre found 3fter the accident occurred. They were engaged. in this v.ork for upivards of two hours. The first wvitness calted wvas William Ball, v.ho deposed as follows :-I live at Dudley-port, and am a 'stocktaker employed by Messrs. Hickman. I knew Powell, the deceased, but none of the others. There were threo fire boilers on the 'vworks, allin a. row. Iwent to the worksaboutaquarter to 8 o'clock in the morning, and was about 20 yards from the blacksmnith's shop when the accident happented. I was taking my clothes of;, when I heard a noise as if the steam had burst tl33 ough the claek, and immuediately I saw ceveral pieces of boiler in th:e air, and a mana over tlhem. The moiddle boiler had but. The first man I saw was hanging p.artlyonaboat.and partly on the aide of the canal. Wre lifted hiin up, when ho requested us not to hurt 1dm, and he wvas aftern-varda removed to the WolvcrhsnsptonHospitsl. 1 afterwards saw Moran lying in front of the boslers He had fifty bricks on him. Ile was dead, and lying in scalding wvater. Wh'Men I lifted hini up theo hair all cameo off his head. He was removed home. A young man, auIrishmzan, was lyinlg nleer Moran. Hie wams covered with about a ton weight, a.nd was lying in s<i inches of scalding wr.ter. Ho was then living. He was takien home, and afterw ards died. I saw no engineer on tho premises, though I was told there vwas one there. In .about a quarter - of anhour afterwards I saw, one of the enlginIeers in tlhe orks, but I Isaw none at the time the accident occurred. Villiam Burgess.-I live at Lea Brook. and ain a coalheaver in the employ, of Messrs. BagnalL Their works are at theo 'te side of the c.anal to tlhoso of Messrs. Hickman. 7Mlion Hubbard caune to work that orning for the first timo. He was helping to unload a boat, and filling his second b'arrow ashen the explosion tool place. He was theu struck by bricks and very badly injured on the I head and face. I lhelped to cairy him home, and he lived about an hour and a half, and then died. Coroner.-Do you knbw whether the engine had started when the accident happened? Witness.-I do not. Elizabeth Willis identified the body of Edmiund rowoe, anid was p resent when lio died, about half an hour after hlis removal home. Ho was much scalded about the chest and tUgh, Ie never said how the accident occurred. Wilhiana Woottoni.-I leave at Lea Brook, and am a nillwvright. I conuenced work about 7 o'clock on 3londay morninig. I knew Edmund PoirLn welL There never were two better fricndl. I heard the explosion at Hickmr.n's works, and on going round to the canal bank I saw PoxweRllyiiigouna heap of stones, Lnocked all to pieces. He wvas so much injured about the licadand face that I did not know huim. The boiler whici had exploded was about 40 yards distant, and on the other side of the canal. I know nothing about the engineers employed in Hickmian's wvorks. I helped to carry three other men out of theworks but I did not know them. Eliza Bagot identified the body *f Ganion. He was brought house about 8 o'clock muuls scalded and otherwise injured about the back and belly, and died about 10 millutes past 9 o'clock. John Nightingale, boat loader.-I workell close to the works of Messrs. Hickman, andknewi, Michael Gannon and Patrick Moran. I heard the explosion about a quarter before S o'elock on 31onday morning. Seine bricks were blosvn into the door of my own house. I rau down into the 'works as soon as I could. Thero was a great deal of liot water ninin iinto the canal froni thospot where the be'iler had stood. X great quantity of briclks wvcre lying about, and the body of Powvell w-as lying on thc other side of the c.anal, wvhereit had been blow,ai. Tbe lower part of Gaisnon was covered with bricks, which I saw removed. He ivas lhing in scalding water, and injured from head to foot. HTo wiasiying fromn 9 to 12 feet fromn the place where the boilers luad stood. I don't kanow thio names of the esninecrs elikployedontlheworks. The greater portion of the boiler had been blown 10 or 12 yards from the place it previously occupied; olie end was blown 20 or 30 yardls. I believe the boilers wrere placed wrhere they were w hen the e /losion took place 10 or 1 years ago. As far as I can recollect, they wcre all new\V wvhen they werer put up. I cannlot give any reason for the explosion. By a Juror.-There wvere two boilers displaced, bhit I cendt ed y . iV the greatest doly of water pro- Ann Green deposed to the fact of Hubbard's death, vhich took place about tlhree hours after lie was brought lhome. He was much injured about the head and blody. George Turner, of Hocker-hihl, deposed as follows :-I am a roller, in the einploy of Messrs. Hicknan, at Lea Brook. Thomas WN'hittibghain and Thonaas Stackliouse are the engineers employed on the works. They work alternately night and day. On Monday morning tlhere were threo long boilers in a rowv. Whittinghans had charge of the boilers on Saturday. The engine wvas at wvork on that day, and stopped 'ibout 4 o'clock in the afternoon. I vent to work on Monday between 7 and half-past 7. I did not see either of the enginecrs then. The engine had not started. Thomas Stzackhonse onght then to have been at work as engineer. I began to charge a furnace myself, when in about te iminutes I heard an e.xplosion, and felt something against myelbow. No part of the engine was-blown where I was-onlvbriks. Idid not go near the ;lacewl ere the boiler had stood. . As soon as I got my hatfand coat I vent home. I did not assist to get any of the men out of the works. Mr. l'icliard Yates was generalmanager of the works. I did not see hint present on Monday mornin. The last time the boiler was repaired wvas about six months ago. I havo never heard any complaint as to the boiler being dangerous; but it lias rlun out and been repaired more than once. By a Juror.-There was a firer under each engineer. I cannot say whether or not the engine had been started before I went to the wrorks. I went home to get my ai-m dressed. Thomas Wltittingham, the engineer referred to by the last witness, 'was then called, and deposed as follows :-I am ono of the engileers at HickLmans' wvorks, and have been einployed by them since May last. There are five engines, all an a row-three fosrnace boilers and two firing boiers. They were aU connected, and the steam could pass through a pipe from one to the other. There was a steam clack on each boiler, through v.-hich the steam escapes. There was a buoy on the boiler which exploded and two buoys on the other two firing boilers. I do not know -what veight was upon the steam clack. There were three different weights on that wvhich exploded. I took one off on the Sunday, and always did so, unless the steam was lowv, sinlce I went to the wvorks in May. The boiler has ran out three or four times and has alwvays been repaired. Sometimes rivets were put in, and sometimes it was caulked. I have seen cracks in the plates of the boiler. Sometimes they woould punch them up, and sometimes they wvould caulk them. 3Mr. Thompson was the boileranaker, and he always undertook thi repairs since I have been in the works. The boiler was repaired i the Christinas week. It ran out badiy. 'The boiler ran out again last week. 3Mr. Thompson on the Saturday cane to look at it, and said he would send his. men in another fortnight. I did not consider that there was any danger when the boiler ran out. We discontinued work on Saturday at 4 o'clock. I cleaned the boiler on the Saturday, and packed some of the boxes. I wvent inside the boiler anid cleaned it out thoroighly Whlen I looked round I could see some cracks in the piates near the fire rack, and I threw some horsedung in to stop themup. Iwenttotheworks on Monday-at half-past4 in the norning. There wereno weights on the lackswhenlfirst went to work. The steam was thenup; the fireman had put it on. I am sure I then put the clacks on. 'Thle steamn was blov,ing strong. I then worked the engine for about threequarters of an hour. It was afterwards stopped for about 20 minutes, and I left shortly before 8 o'clock. Three weights were theni on the clack. The other engineer had then come. We usualy had four weights on, but I had left one off. The engine was not going- when I left the works ; it was, in myv opinion, in wrorkable condition. I believe it would be safe to work the boiler at 161b. upon the square inch, but I do not know the weight at time time the accident happenled. There wvere no stAays in the inside of the boiler. Before leaving on Monday I tried the buoy; the boiler, if anything, w-as everfull of water. It would last until 10 o'clock before any harm could be done. The corlmmunication with the other boilers uvas open when I left on Monday morning. 'When Stackhouse came Ibid him good morning and left. On mvy way home Icalled at this houLse (the Rl,s'.) for a pint of.ale, but I had not time to driink it before I heard the explosion. I ran back to the works, .nd -was first ons the premises, and helped to get the men out. I saw Stackhouse, who stated that he had been on the engine. I havo since exansined the boiler, and observed cracks in the plates near the fire. The plates do not appear to have been red hot. The Coroner.-What is your opinion as to the cause of the explosion? Witness-I cannot tell, sinless there was air somewvhere. The steam was not high up vhenI left, at nearly S o'clock. I cannot give any reason at all for the explosion, unless it was from the air on the water. There was an excess of six inches of water in the boiler. Idid notconsiderthe boiler dangerous, nor did I ever hear any one complain that it w1 as s0. I have been an engineer ever since I ,was eight years old. The Coroner.-hon:t yon thinil that en engineer ought to know the wei"hts on the clacks of Ihis boilers? Witriess.-We ought, perhaps, to do so; but I muu no scholar, and can neither read nor waite; neither can my butty," I believe. The weights were blown avay by the explosio. By a Juror.-I filled the boiler oie the Sunday, and I tried mny buoy on Monday. It was then two or three inches lower. The boiler ran out on Monday suoimiig ; it extinguished the fire on one side. We did not mention the state of the boiler to Mr. Yates. I did not observe that the blowcock leaked. A Juror.-Had not you antl Stackhouse been drinking in this house that mo-ning ? Witness.-No; I had no drink that niorning. Juror.-Did Stackliouse know that the boiler was leaking and the fire partly out when he came? Witness.-I'told him; and he could see it for himself. The inquest was then adjourned until monday at 3 o'clock. _
RnWAiY ACoIDENT.-On the Great Northern Rtailway -esterday a tire of n- wheel of a fIrst-clasa caniage mn the up mixed express train broke about two miles south of tho Talligt-on station. Before the train could be quite stopped the carrlage turned partly over, andia twoassengers were injured-Lady Eairi,s who had the simall bone of lir arm broken, and a son of Colonel Smythe, who 'w-ts sigihtlyhurt; they are at the hotel at Peteiborough, and doing wvell, None of tho other pasEenZ'ers were hurt, and all proceeded on their journcy. (tysT.kt PAr.i.-O}1'; SHImUG DAY, Wednesday, Jan. 16.-Admiasions on payment, G54; dito, by Fea;on ticketF itO; toal visitort', e.-
SALTS BY AUCTION. Sale Postponed-ialhan. iT/HE SALEof FlJltNITURE, iHorses, Carriages, ped and-4thofitahurinst, ith r n neCetsfsargilyv Etin tlmolsreboun a fortnught, in consequenceof some question vith t.h Rd April Compny. JOhe DAWSen, auction and land olJ ices, s.arlborogh-echambsr3, Rooks, Psln.ing- WearingApparel, and .'di.cellsneous Property. /R,E HOBi& will SELL by AUCTION, at icth GaDery, 35. Tcestersquare, TEIS EVRN]XG, January17, at6,BOOECS, prinits, paintings, carNed .d other f ames, jewceesd Tea0arugtapparel, boots andshoes &c. oft ivew, and rntaeounes hLd I at th IAfo Ass. ac opn n orstre fofcsi h Poultsy.-F(eslaid .-Freehold Property mon ley and producins rtS9 per amuin: with the puro5pect of a iarge iroreasnd ncoule in a 1ew yersre-By Mr. "IASON at the 'tart. n uTc2da', Apritl 1 by order Leicester. decesased,tslr8etonGaylc a ALiUOSE capitln Premiases, Nos. 20 aao ni 21, southfo sidc Aofteentyintoccupation of Meies LivyrpoodWind Lo,a.20aja ndon867 hire an' Le ancayCob, and fourbtovriesof ocaesintd rear, balilt bythe lessees wvith xucvred uymron.ou mtrbuy,mn~be,ed 27A,s ion lease to Sir Thomnas liernani ISird,, Blarb., snd other3, t.ruo tees (who have Laid out a large sunm of mesney en th e preinises, n ;at 4 per ainstn: the rent may be expected ta bc moece than doubl in 1870. whlrch y fh Iba of the auctioneer, 8, Union-court, iroead-street, into of Wortonfelgate. -- Stock of a Manufacturing Jeweller. JESSRS. BLOGG and MAl"TIN will SELL by .L UCTION. it Robinson's Rooms, 21. Old Bond-street. THI; DAYandTo-morrowjFriday)_Jan 17andlS, 1by-dircion ofthelxecutixofMr.S. Oram l decearwd, bhe rcuaihutug STOCK of JEWEL-' LEtYand UNE3T STONES; consstingof a,reat variety of gcmring, -including some ef verychoice .qualities, pearl necklaces,sets of stud3 Snd xleeve 1buttons, soMe Tery superior stnm, pearl omamnenta; andrad andbllatoair e brhoods, a, large emer aild ,atn brillsnDtOC ring a zUsy and brillint necklae in tine taste an tmerald and diannond - ilecklc in golddilagree, brooches, pins. andsvhcr ornament3, set wvith. dimna,afew yold and silver watches, and comearticles of platedt - wce. Ona 5-lw the morsinsgs of sele at the auction rooms, 21, OldBond-- tct,beeCataoge, ay ebd, and of th e auctiones 28 Buclc- i . _l .. "Vahi'ab ReycemioW to,i&oue- in the Fund* on tht death of- la-dy - aged 76. JW4SSRS. -BRO31LEY aind SON WiM SELL -by ABSOLUTEII IS ~~~DAY,_ January 17, at 12, thse ABSOIL TE Eli lid, Three per Cent. Consls, staningin te nmesof bighly res ectabletr-etees and payable on The emie o aldy,sowin her 6th year,. P rticulsarabad of Moer,,, iticiarlsonandWansy slicItors 3, Mousgate-strect, city: of M1r. Finer,SOiciOrtl'miaFsmn plceof Wse; andof the suet meers, In hncey.-"Steenso v,Stevenson!'-Fl-eehold~ Propety,opo sitto hepricipl ntrnceofthe London Docks. ~jES Rs.ERO LEYandSON wil SELL by ON tteMart, THIS DAY, Januay I?, (Pursuant to Eas Dereo tl ICor fChney withte apoaino EatSihil,wit The reebold- Tenements dBakmt' Cahoas and 'inrd -rental ilO Per axnfumnPeeod Cgrcass 00, and],Montefiore-row, Bury-tetEmoo, idsay be viewed atclr a fMseJ .adH adly Eolicitors, 48,LmnstetGoma'-elsofJF.Epo,Eq. 17. COmercia-road 5~~Ge' m Ne ar Stratfor,Fa, IIrSSRS. ]BRO E ad SON, wil ELb WVAUCT2ION onThirareay Jan. 24, at 12 oeloclr st the Maart,a respectable FAHE~YRESIDIN(j}, with front arid ba-k -Antons, coa5h-ouso and table, elire for investment or occupation, pleaant th Ighoroadnt ale od n wti e iue'wl of PPthe bdaniwa very lnglerm etaP loToudreturseiwda, Jand riularys2 heattIe Syoran of d i' ea ns theatfnd acceitande Red Lbne ns vifoed Kinga ea,Beaed Wthson spaolicito,27, norihp-stret,FnbSy;paeo ado thaucioneeg a 7, tensiveivr-rond ta geores at rimrthnt Sovlolfafute orinofteSrpu 'zprybeogn leasenidpar ton com oonecn asCmay whrE-hSll. adteRO LYad O ilumtt o at 12 bynode of the Diuctioo noelt,(nesaeccpal fe bevJoshmad byq rvthe Contract,nerall ho sprousecFioEE~,fthownatl`.,-,, tatdifm Pt,m ao vEryLx easevoldortio comriss sbtNtia Thseiork-strch, outhwonik,lo. Shatrdahil, adthe ShI ul-ouseadoinkng R_lentaLrV S2009praCoscristingei pafcowus, fEth lthogaphi plae, hed of Mesris, Mfarten, andocat,adlolobam oicitors toe Thmies Compny -incinr,gElane pla oha ere ndo thdnede-autioeers, 17, Commtercuiarl-road St. Uorg's east M~JESSRS. DA an HNSSN arc osrdcered £byossEmgq the Csnef3r ab ommiSELoer AUCTigION,prosection hr Am(IesO,, ont,lbriderersoa,8,LoeNewo Park-steree,sohark, ont23 SatuIfrda2, thewhoth int. ath usfor 2S'cOCK,o exelen DIVE SATE. nzacmprisingeigtcos.i full miKMa e view ed on th ionring ofa sale, adcataloguies obtained on th Pemie prmies of Tackers, Eof.,cSnl chwa;anders,ytre adneetioue-teet dandk-late, actIoer, 8 s-oe in B~mtlank\eruty new oBuilersoad ounthrer. 31V.k teD Assgne of Mr.DLby to SEll byELL N en the TIPrem tePrrises, 4,ngrbiIc-od oe ViNoriagoe. nWhanei-mad, Jaon.23 aton TISfecA2, th wholeof 1 the usefu STOCT ofa BOUILDIN cMATEofRE modemludsitable fumirononery,r ectlems.ttieasemente andcse-f marentsframes, aenqrsantid ofistrong, maogaodny grindestonl soinebord benches, andtheasy aaittsng ofr bilanteapetes' shlop ylie,OEbites, and micurtanins, effects. May be viwdontheraia fitngfrfbsint of salms;an Captaloge obtainer ounitheur "e o mahmofy W Bell. lnis, othrbedsteassgns Ro Ca emnt-stroet, Tower-bgl. Tof C.aroeen. Clieesq, solircitors,Ol Jewy ;andof he uctoners,OS Mar-lae, iy 31R. 'EDWARD L'UIILEY will SEILL by AUCJTI ON, on the Premises 4l, VRgoytal-it-ote.Fhm-et, Bowr-ilTomtonrrow, Jan.Y, atl2 foci, TWoONTexsTSeof CAR 11OUSE,consisin of modringa an graitan furnitureg fomortheysittin and ethriooms ofhe carpets. rugs, enders Mand firie-ion,mahoganylpedesthal sionbtheipr mahog,anydinng lheo actonffeei n thrtbes, set o,caie,soan conches, and reasy ch Fair,civ btriintrs.Up hiolicygrosrs, suitmeseaof curain, ad avaretyofathe capthemti frh itigros caialcAGbErfmtr of mahogany, FAenTsONd othe bedsteads anlasedding, maurhoganyet Cardrbe,mal-rble-top Tuash-sands Jand dresin atableps,. prchsestlfdrwr, thomSodCKs. a alsoY thPOekitchen utensi,domsing iusts a ndet aieyo efcs. Mayben wos-.cwted, ndurae-sl andumerousdatcemcs0 officesd 67, Chranery-n vlane. cfitue ioyalud Hithreet,boan Tounit.ero Carmen,it Coawkeers, C'inrmahogany on te imWse; ad attheanctothers,ofcs .Coeatet VH1Th\ E CWanDI AJLES O TY willSELb AULT- £ ONon the Premiss,~TI DAY, ItoalMintsreiey, toewer-hiadeTo moRnTow, of, the foici,pTW bedcelle26pant CR ingsE, 1incows,i cabinegtn aoko greainicart, amsorg cor wrhyn cart.n vros te mio,and tth auto f we,0,Caneerylane. thepro Bassano andothlers.ehas vtamisersai,Curhstreet,f Curanmberqwet-rleen onrtureday Januaryoc comprtuispnwaorea vardinety oferinges, Brserln-aCole, patters, purilks, anfnmeourtemspeni ,adyEaptd, to ther expdenThe valiruabe trde fixtuesac tnclud thrlelahoda, counntelssted. witnh drawners, dlive-mahogan glass, & k, eT(ob viwdo onx vonday nd mornng ofoale,&. Catalogues bon the( proise;and ato thnerantiusefu-' Fficeins. Coean-st3ree,onthe Secnd eayisesa-o, 42, A-lbeiotn-,Strmet.Ifd-ak (IHENTOCK andI SIMPSONwill SEiLl SELL, ,JL upN.on the Premises,HS DaYov, at 1Tuecsely. Jn ath iv1dfo-made FUn accounE of the pubrinciplos bedirooms,n 2f paitigs,sinclarudin cabnet whorks ofsgreat mearit, mngs-pt-hec arel-setdadueu Presserh draw-ing bbaroo,m furntures inttrosewtoolsd,1s aes and mcc thceoed withl amburertnanmies of cu frtainus, andqfusersewosrkstops an llo toable catoiioo mardineer, Borlingachd Dressdenuchina v aases,nOepano foresplendi harmigpreswt bylBad,a very u expensive four-eidenelscpeland smaRuscfl stel f lathrt, papvoer ofd blotbs, cals r .CaontaLrpogue Stock anfiPcan ofk varBousokbnder,iuentfixulFgsittings, anFxurs onY the viremioses.ay and Vitlligers-shaet. SthPrand.e aE o h auction.er on th Piccadssial v,onTedy.Jnly.a lfrI ont acoun'trofotheSunper of Friotar,b direction CofaMess Adianfrtean Jones. who,are dturesv.andarngravipgsthbywell-selected and usefu prsss,prsiugors a stoes ;Letr,ols cells pallONs and the usal pprenanes Deofnthie Loradge,' and fincsheyrs' Stworkhops,nollboar cutting machine, rollIn prachinel, WilsEOn'Lcting macliNe1R,a compe'saringm pres withbok, umrousg expnsiv grining pla stes.m taaemtseu stock ond leairther,pae and oclothna, andouehtening airtpino safe, osicedeborsk caeousonvemr n fvixturlaes,asfitins, Cr Ma y bed vieesdonggass Monapety,andcatalogels hadrenthe premses Aandof thed autioeers,n 1edin, I'iesadllyf.rwrs abeto ulsns ce reusit. John'eoom meter,o Flaniture,. On-octav Cottage Pandmorte offDe'A2,mrotle,Piturraes nandSt Eugaains, byorde Dr.G.Smth MM fi"LIS i. Illte t. SLL ybyUTIN oUCTtOo onTuesday,oJanuary2r2IS att11preisely,s. thSeFIXOLTUBES n'dRE tabaGSt aon, and hair-cloth, leNIN OccaSioal,ad exending dininget tablets, aideooaId g ahe aroner. withho platergaspnl, chimne andta] drsin lass t aadpestry eand Brussils capto mahogany stabtm bxed-en spandsh naganbedng, hests ofd drawers, mairblo sesebtand,bocs, kitche bolreus,rtnes. 8-igtsasfet=oer.xlm ctsn.ie Monday and mooedn ofnsaldoano&e. Catalogues o h ess-adnda te SreJon'sewood esatte office, of, Porautland-errace5, na St. jhn's-dc Caty t ToDiingxtonmxand m Fumioth-read, ae a ndan thupt . 11 AT E L i diretedSON SEill byLL AUCTbiON JaYuaTO-moatow,tJanuary18. T ,inDlots,th FIXmTUREllaandFI. rat,andsomeotherCFEfeats);opiNGROOMpairs.Fen'sh-wmet; adchmprsings cookin apparatus-, withubl hot plattes, bpreisand otank, cok Of ials mahofgany irplatfSa.gl Fansbyofore, gas ittings, cPpaer hollaers range, rn aer, a-nd ters ehie n Eolaeuffects. Myb iwddyrcd lIAR. SONL JOnSOAR IN willSSEL byL bl iJL ACTn,an theisBooms, 143. Stdeeatu-stChrethonTueday,n Januaryv 23 at 12, h TC inaly TULrADRE. ofmpr.Win. Tour-post aank1rupt,h(andsomeaothe Efects); vg comprisige800 chasrs me's drvoer's,an ande childre' hootse appndashes. vialuableyaldre-uttingbpess,an other utcoensison trade tloings leather and mshoe memay;,0 pair blushgerv supperts,2 ad ozenghilbute,2l0tdoen pharatentan cokid plaen pamelld siscOons hul yan twhit sheep. o0 eropyutt,e 1 cwt.bl bureps ofalan russt. ,00 yads asherecloh,maisting,andcous tilme. ay ha viswo,andataloushd of . oH.stamlieald,., cffitalogassignee. aginod-etrnes FurnitDode, tswo sogficentorfS. Islsti's-anpoetad FRniture BaOffic itns FireproILof Safe, Pinofote PuaintitofWngs,Pate, numedare,s Jsewelay, Hornmers,l Chisoe,andiescelnosEfcs i ESRS.OXNHAnd aRDI SNS Wil SELL by AUTO,at 'heir Rteoms, 103, St.fPaulstrChunercthyIard n January23, at 12upunctually,aFURNITURE, comprasdnsofour-postean French, bedteas bedding, wingled wardrobes, chve wstsouldraes, adr igthusabls l camber. apenagetrer, aoayn osewood.d taoables,chafirs a colectio of pintins by he ol mastrs, any et of the ngaler cuct,adofah fi seuativecharater camlocs plamete, poaSELt bar, modern ~ th ~elry twom Les a, 0 of neasorly-newh dotube .Vuxh ansm fiveA rmdleandbTdIS, light chaise,7 and1 pireelancuit oitems.Me,ayl bhe vlwel-ndthmodypem OUSEHndOmLDose aUPndT calogueisihad mat Exelale ntmder Furniture,otwo Aragbiain.n TeondaryCorstetsands 'Mu gs, Pinfres, 200uvle.tof n Both.em ailhquandsto Wie,andsm nummerou usevul, and toinaentgassesisctexellndies. nngtbes mtansadlounges, Bat teirBoms 3 Kidr xnti adon-thret nearpethe Ploan theon.to-monedfl-ow, atscorta12 puancfotual,te enxucae llentModern TUiersUSE includbing. Ar Delin, dun compleente,rardroes, dalweForswah d, dress-e ing tabes, glsses. ,s.l"9d. pee,rosewoom.anmaonyes, s-sl cnces,an esychIrs,wioo cr,oaSE onL,(b andsets of dinin tals aee tal Gand enlose tide.o31, at lmnfy-grssesy,nbookcases, curains, two uabnfienToracrpt0fe byEHLD S TSE. t c 10.and the veriptin reyminsteskors, herina,k-st reamnta ixor-tems, ditesnla 'oreqdistesa30nole.o books, a temIlcs cellaringofawine, ingotan-hoierry, andnumerous adeffects.iMa berkviewed otblngTurda andh fooing etaof gats,enlosiga paiosyavored(i whith inarestruckftionseromaytbe -tame)Cadthe,o thceentPromises. 0.sesbo2rougic-ssteet, VaGwhletrad Pimir, TISDAY Jn.17.at12 rcisly wtheoutrsl e o allth wel-mae mden HUSEOl FUNITRE;copriingma Suffollc-Valuable Freehold Farms and Imads in the parishes of Stutt0n, about sixesles from Ipswich, and KetUlbmrgb, near Elm,ingbam, also Cottages inthe parishes of Great %enhlm andEast Bes-cholt, l R. JOHN FOX has the honour to announce that l ho has rTceived instructions to ofrer for SALE by publi A'UCTION, at the Great White Htorse Hotel. Ipswich, on Tuesday, March 18, atWin the afternoon precisely, inootsthe followig very valuableand desirable PROPERTY:-Lot 1 wil comprise the Danor of Stutton, and also the Stutton-hail Farm, containing about S-3 acres of excellent amble and pasture land, in the occupation of UIr. George Stanford, 1ot2 WMi Comprise the Quecch Farm, containing asout 153 acres of excellent amble andfpasture land, in the occupation of Mr. Joseh Catt. Lot 3vwi comprie every exceUent Close of Meadow Land called Bridge Meadow containing about S acres, in the occupation of )fr. George Stanford. tlhese lots lie in a ring fence, and together forma most desaible estate, beautifully situate, parUtl bounded by the river -Steur, and commanding views of Monuingetrsi and Harwich, as well as the picturesque scenery of the Stour. It will. in the first instance, be offered entice in one lot, and if not sold will immediately be put up in three lots as above des6riled . The whole of the Stattonilla4'estateis-freehold Lot4v ilicomiprise the Rettlebugh Farm, about three miles from .amlFe IrhamI, wvith a very good farmhouse, and all necessary.buldings, and conaSiningkbout25S acres of Tero good araeand pasture land, lying In a ring fence. in the occelatoo of MIr. George GresnLd. About eighlt acres of thii lot are oldofir,eritance. Lot will comprise an excellent Freebhld Doeble ICottap> with saieoe of pasture land, in theparisli of Great Wenham bontimig galtogether about one acre and a lszlf in the occupationof Wiliam3Abbot and-Po'oert Cheertoan LotG will colpriscan excelent Double Cettage;:with apiece of pisei land, siutate in the perish of Eait Bergholt, conotainigaltogethocaLbout two reeds, in the occupation Of widowl'Paskell and William May. This lot iacopyholdofinheritzn0, Particulirs nficooditions of sle,winthmapDs,may behadon applica. tion to Mesrs Barkecr Bowver, and Peake,-rsolidtors, , Gcay'si-m square, Liondon; thco prnncipal botels ia Norw ich, Franillingham, Bm St. S };daud'w sad Colchter o Mr. Beckett, land a6ent, Relaingbam,ar E:Diabi; audo the auctioneer. Iewrish, other Craft-. jj3jSSR.S. EvERSFIELD and HOR~NE ai~e- isctdto SELL by AUCTION, at Qarnes'uas,85_.Bvni-r. de trd ulen bary f8 tOf, ,,he Conmnt an tLlsd SDessly te OeBArges, os7ng from esdaoy, tonuw, 2 (abftrier esl of Canal iand a30-of Ctbe T'n,fomayrtEftES genuine Xn h etstoawel, dnw gtra n otrco.Myeiwtte ad ayspressiu an ctange bd t hepaceofgae;adf tORE' bavioerers4 Pariamed.ste orl ColExhne 1UESRS;. a ai in ceivtedbiytal)tionscfomao theDetorserofie L adSoilety-t SELL ebentAnCTO,oma on ELneaby~ Anuary23satlte the aeof bG acrtmetal Of the mansionl abot ices incESin growig lz thbe etae tczanpriougs oelm,inns. plar,,chglplieshtnt rae of fauot tree andbhovebeauifu mUW -t Rlsanore nda25i stauamndvliaarbe.-4te PThiaeGol-stet Catalrooes,wBuinldespremanes;therof,th 3ESSRS. LERSFEL and HORN.P bave re- J.Lceiced instractons ftom theyonsUgTeesto SELLhbATICTION, atwe ClbWswaptO, ThemrHkes-Cbank.i,lio. Todn-morrw Jaiur all, at LIfo fr1.- tWE --tY BLOCKS of STATTIGY MARtLe, ofver pard' fsxarders, andR' eTanied; qartrnd 40oo Blosx, ofpaeinh andsiliacy dOMarble,tof ecllen qsasirtat.uMy, bei viewied, a Potlisbesd onte, thiues prectioand of athe anuto -arstG40, carlument-sIRMOst, of the, EaOenange.u APprkvednbils areteixontsil bf takenhn.(- wigtme City-rikwroat-Vluable.,bMa.uicasrdoStocerofSeca-ts. e Marblve, and. cativgesd a intuctonfr the fficetos of the Dey33LZondonlan PenSt, Madesfieldstreetn%orlh.Ctyr si,14on esdw. January22, -st-Il, for1, 70 hands Om -re CorganHEY-q., isu ofeyarious dein,and ofi taseor eent of , orniamental trtieet o inluin brcankets -os tamas fns,boelidk, N o, 13 lypot b14 t nrdpoat-str ctnredin thobbsi mean nerxp ireabrodebeutifulO paerajnuml-t alsou2 hndrec-nteof Ina sttuR. anHAinmabl.Note Thes Goldeda wastasructedon thin r thie Ptrdemappeciati ond ay, beury2 atwon wee forev2iousj, n whoaloesa of the FUReNIsUEs andflh auFYctineS, 40,~ Paliraa StDYret and Coal-pExchange. e edtas vte nte g Zuldnbgn Materials, otther Harlineyst ateiftacheC-,ofsecatie L;d -ngESScrtus.foVrf SFiELosDo awod H,.m ouclhestoave w nll. gigcharscoeed intu ens toSeLL byo AUcaIou, ond thec Premiss 'Lowe Carpeton, nulearsHacned Cthurch,A enenalula J Sat1fe B.arthe ReiieyrStation,~ nanderItowlNGw of the prdioluand OFIC eS;l co90sn rscealtonly4gofua ndrentpe.shtladil& peere plate-xlass ashes, intanealy, aannezy-ieembs, pROlisedT gcrate range,hoppinestmn, and oterstings pulpsoet, exoelntstigofte sapitmal housaes erestion Rof astempe-with. Ctone Olumn, large carlstiopsth saheoo, stouti Parkbiffdenig, eretin ofegreenoue, gatcingthimber, iongndbIcicktor, Roahstegrbanews, and othrer sefets.o doible vniewed, candcatalogue hadln at th roomcs ofvthe Sloiety.er3 farihefgk-a cmSatrand; ofbleesss vstae on nde eis1,Newd ariuBroasnellreoust,Ln cot'-inn ofrt aleorge Moranssm . Tempeyr a 5, Chancewr-tlaneor; ando the auctionees 40, Tearle,auenttreet or Cloalmfcanel.sr- iy LongeebodaseIeshold, statt3 and14 rimdportseRo Doee ure,8 yearRS. MOduOngPpanduTMPLE aatrondreant of sr12. by. Hotagesan xeuos to EceiedA intuctions at th .LUar. SEL bhrdy,AICTIN Jatuathe art1, TiS i lotY, .auuTry 17, atPRfOPRiThYabofvournam ened ntRpEriteho. Mayub giewdhyeaveof tire o respectiaelenants, end pratd atD ivear da theopout Metf ofr M.0 Herrig Stocd-abonorea-1 invew-read; andatothe ai frnctoneer ot,ice eOG. 17 Gratd ComWerlsad-strect, Comme-pralu-Goanneamdrn Lehur- nChureb, 6et CottagePiano, capitol double-b6arrel nts saomidg tousne6u, ve H ada Eal Ueebol holl SELd garden, IO'. 7 tha eadn f-a h en ghMonday.tJanuar 21, t Indbiforad prettoely, the holeo the FUtierNmiTses ando at FheO; cMmtlrmg o mhoganyparisan, fidour-ps, andicthors bedsteads Mooth eaent bepedding, tihoanyes.4 Blaineld7adsther, wadobsi aptltly.o rae mArb1Letae crhoice rSeWOOd 0ttage Fbedlooomapem1aes.dam a~,. andlengiaghair cveredonsie,rleeuin, ocsinl anti ar. als mabetpchesmltoone, pe table lafrg+rethimneygassesh 0qby T0,adu Odgra Pianby qMartitY af fewkspintiugina capitalsot offunn thbles,n32 andome arvd slidng-farimet sofa,afew books capitalBusescr iesadfus th theuo duniomestinrequiscca,an vlarto oraena ies G On -toLw Fidayan Saturday AreCedn, nIO cats toushad orn thepsuies and aetotheroom,1ystof the cioer,6 LIsAYen-geroTHe ToCapetes 1u7der, and1 fortIereciselyubhe eLre ePruop, j TUEar th Ettir CS ftation Camen-townreswhech.T w-al vpeodnto-day an year.ing ofot ygear andctaolyo4grueshdron theieies.ia FuritureSE. M0 olLoREA and sew.PLEoi u-b daire7 Lct,ed b qa,Jaury u,alty3i orneh l3ota aery dSirabltRPRT,fra leasehld AMvatOene and buins pros cnising owith caitLL prae hoUse,O 48. Rochestr-road, Coamden-oas with worlakshopIs, shds sabiu. and builder's1 foreis at thed rear,d lat HUS tHeOI.n ronofmr. C.d doore,ti Offwichs pofssiotilhe gsesrpivon; alson dedboxesing land firontingdi Rofser-mdsews areouthredsets wofdoblhe andenL of pa adtauab estat.howberviened, Parleticulyarson thePrmissatth Cart;alsogoftessrsa.TepeadWnsr oitrsan -uIE,SSRS. BMOOE and TE PEaeiBrce i s. yMrateongees and Eeuortes to SELLIbyACTO,ath hart,29,EeaM, on Thusd y, FebtJanary at 12, ns .lt,aIESIOI PItOEatY oa froundrnconvenIen periantehuses n adns .6 SE,an 9.in MaNoo.n6h-lroadV, High-stree,Poaa.i frteectiodn&o rlespectabe famtiis gudo givels the mpoms,nitry, lardr,c,,in forwin ocuplation or sTahietesmuts eachf from will aor tnelAtchwayNos.t 4xantd 5 aTteruloo-street,tCommerialrad, earLCimehofns4 ChurchEs, let oMtr. Ba5 andfMr Stvens at mot TAngey. sticgtor, i-a- nh asal l freegDOuhol hCouse and gftoardioen,rs. 2 Wicade-ltlyt 'olR. lcdn rmth ihsrett h at ni-rd aottoM1, Tlerplemand ido.slctrs n on.So and Tepl,ou. atroneer,y, Beomfgd-tec,ciy AOY di-otveichice roa odCttgninfrt,driue,Bos tionaresandeffcs nerEeuin o et nel thestagdred om 1,Ofr-tee,na oeenr,TI mNode pis5 s qJunuT=0t,t of bs-ook,wn-riigaw godcpyo h Edla By rer f h Eecto-FmiXtm, and Effects,_UoIrc, of vaed i/FIL GOODBRAD Wil SELL by AUCTION, Oa the Premises, THI 3, Y Neton-road, 1 Petorne- ,ote. usefi. DAY.l ofacrJand 1eth batse2 fert1 seciselj thaesg xcelleuttnt F mIThitE, and EFrEous effecths aeteel reicdckpencie.l To il be iewe to-ay and ornng f sae. nd atalgue ha enthe premses anjda Furntur, 50 i-I,,of aw adecreoteoS,h110tpar o Ladies'Bhrt. IuESSRS. BULLOCI) and SELL,AR onl SELLda M neYLb, aUt 11, at thei getRooms, 21, Cghancerylomane TI asseblag of IURITgC gootd stecond-bUIAnd fUShOLD, inludin sevral nbleflte-jy;se, wfeged ocldiNingw aitg awind roos,ind doomestaicrfcs and thes usupial sdesaripton inronuetred bot, tablaw lbary, cabndts afewlo gmiscellaneou andrr wourk;te pins,tocof taladc bChtnaker from the st en, OnaYb viciew th a roaud morn.s 1- t Ltietersqasrawy, THIS DAV, Jnuary Et7. aoth12 forut,TW zvLEadS. STOLD SoPmDde siUatRNdTUbEig1 and 1the rECtlae comh-wj,xim.- ruleag animrvd renalz of £37 pers abnnum. Thetfonler suabgeofare newlycbil)tI, aLnd arind the~ occup6b'atinofms rsetaablem trenants, offler ing o iubleltapstchimtan excelen aloind.tollrt, oa,on1, Mayes ofrawedyso leaveofuchetsanto Pjyatimirs ed albo,~~ garden. - ~ ~ ,pesanenm sideborEsS, BROOKs,capes rgand eAr hedaudedrecive d_in stooms, 2cloPclcadilly, on Thiuresdhays,Fb 21, sle. buthe LnpeeAsElfs, cars,edcatmaendiremint ofun10peranndm af arietynfuishedPR,IdcaratTgooso. O, vlfeWUdVitlla, Igaete brhwa, wiBTh extnsiv grdw'ens, atthe hosamehontin gwihlls 13 rooems,a pantry,io larder,rea and winem paiu,tie. Thltfaeusut eare1 frefomtl a hAcwy gatVes. rinemcd fromcla and Jordn's t-towd nunyb-ob`m-edR of -. C_ hardone Teigwaonouf Devon;rand of the auctionees and , moiemastlly. b1IR.H AGO will SELL by AUCTION, as abmt.- C'reggS DA,JKarl1du sarditw fo&jllwn daS, at laTfMae32 misclanens COeLburg ON HbOOKS, J neuisig the Tmbrzpo &c clroguman and cotaeining ofa mltplicidraty,o wrgcdsinathunai astrnom, gogrphy,clasic, pilosphy thars and sour-ehs hins-' - enies C. DOlMMes Cn- Wynants C. Marattil ebs Tunnsr Grue Van Eyck P-. Neefa Cooler Brerghem Murilo Guide Stanield. On-dewr. Catalogues as above. X.B. Mtoney advanced on every die- t scription of prc=eIyOrpesitive Sale, furniture, plAfPcuesue' linen, do,, and oar epaiddayaftersale. s iiw n i TO FmleFoihng-The, suseato -Furnim oo- 0-sae,- Honus,_newwciWnl2montLas, andwtthontrs.sensc' ;- MjR. IZOD) will SELL by A-UCTIONNS at the Said ,Lt ooms, 69, Queen-stret, New Cannon-street, To-mcorrow,'- January 18, at L22prccisey, (on account of the number of lots,) tIps Z FURLNiTURE ot the bed roomLs, comnpising fouxr Arubian bedsteadsa .nth damask furnitures, hair and wool mtrse,prime .be,)s-anc: blanikets, quilts, cheval and dressing gcuses, douable and. single soash-- bandstandswi-thnmarble slabs, two supiro wigdwsirbthe chests of drawess bed-side eacrpete end rugs, fender and aire-irons' fba&V very superior furniture of the drawing rooms compriisb three &itlyvelvet pile and one large Turkey carpet, wfithl rugs, a i-ry duMe-toned 61icott.age pianoforte, three rich chiomny-g1ruae-, a suite in walnut-ire, comriag 1 chir, to cuchs,lee tad, ndother tablest%, tie ab- Aor c Wr-c sideboards, 1 ibrary) chairs aith onhes,ftoset fof I - cisely,
