DEATHS. On -the 14th olt, at Demesara, Richard Inglett Forteswue Weston Conway Brickdale, eldest Cseo of the Rev. Richard Briclcdale, of Felthorpe, Norfolk, aged 17. On the 13th inst., at bhs residence, the Ark, Melkshssm, Wilts, afterl a short Illess, Henry Adey Holworthy, Esq., aged 28. On the 18th inst, at Norwich leasing a numerous family to deplore his lvass Mr. Mos6es Kiach, aged 46. On Friday last, the 18th inst., at Calthorpe-Qelds, Edgbaston, Har Hont, Rsq., in the 7 9th year of his age. A On the 18th inst, at his residence, Hobertsstnnt Chelsea, Mr. Christopher Parker, aged 72. On the 19th inst., at the residence of Captain C. Jackson, R.N. Reading, Louisa, widow oe the late Ives Harvey Urquhart, Fsq., o, Hastings, Sossex., On Saturdasevening. the 19!h inst., soddenly, at Tnnbridge-weis, J; B. Moens, ., of Upper Clapton, Middlesex, in the 60th year of Ins age. On the 20tb inst., Thomas Atkinson, Esq., of Castelnau Villas, Barnes, late of the General Post-oflice, aged 66. On the 21st inst., at Cliftos. Bristol, Thomas Henry Winwood, of Tyglyn-A,von, Cardiganahire, Esq., High SherilCof the county. On the 22&'bhst., at his residence, Forest-hill, Sydenham, Philip lawton, Er., mn bis 14th year, socth respected. On the 5d inst., at Thornton-row, Greenwich, Keat, Mary Elir.beth hioses, eldest daughter of the late Thomas Moses, Faq.. aged SS. On Tuesday, the 2d. inst ,TSiss Ann .' Adams, of No.13, Colonnade, Grove-lane, Camsberwell, aged 57. On the 224 inst, at WVoreester, Matilda Aunn, the infant daughter Of the Rev. S. P. Denning. On the 22 in ats Brightovrn,oFrw edericYkWsw Koong, Esq., of 37, Mortlmer-store, vendish-e oare, agea 71. On Wednesday morning, the 23d inst., at Camphill Hoose, Broughty,' Jane Hand, wife of Charles Norrie, Esq.. merchant, Dundee. On the 23d Inst., auddenly, in tonoen, Miss Caroline Sophia Hal, o: Layton, BaEs, Oni the 23d inst.. James Cross, Eq., of BRion, formerly of Blackburn, in los 60th year. On the 23d inst., at Tayles-hill, Ewell, Surrey, Fre.deric Mlett, Faq., late Member of the Sopreme Council of India, aged 57. Onthe23dinst., athisreidenes, S0, Lower Belgrave-street, Pimlico John Polwarth, Eaq., in the 72d year of his age. On the 234 inst.. at Woolwich, of malignant scarlet fever, resulting in effusi.n on the brain, Robert Maxwell, eldest son of Capt. Wynne, BA., Collon Hemse, rounty of Louth On the 23d inst. st Bishop's Wel. Chiselhsst, Kent, the residenca of her grandson, G. Buchanan Wollaston, Esq.. in her 94th year, Frances. widow of the isle Gilbert Buchanan. LLD., of Woodman sterns, Surrey, who was nearly 50 years rector of that parish.
THE CRIiIEAN INQUIRY AT CHELSEK The following is the report of the.,oard of General Officers appointed to inquire intq the statements contaned. in the report of. Sir John 3Y.'ejll and Colonel Tulloch as to the conduct of operations in the Crimea:- IMBay it pleOlSyoUr Majesty>-In obedience to your N.- Ijestys warrant,- which bears date the' 25th of 'February, 18.56, commanding us, the general officers whose names are subscribed hereto; to make strict examination into the statements contained in the two reports of Sir John Noeill and Colonel Talloch, dated respectively Constantinople, June 10, 1855, and London, January 1856, and into the evidence taken by the said Sir John '3PNei sand Colonel Tullocli relative thereto, animadverting upon the conduct of certain officers on the general staff and others in your Majesty's army, and to make a report to' your Majesty thereon, together with our opinion whether the said offlcers of your army be, or be not, responsible to any, and -what extent, for the unsatisfactory condition of your army, or any portion thereof, noticed by Sir John M'Neil and Colonel Tulloch in their reports, and evidence thereunto attached ;- We have, at several meetings, perused and considered your Majesty's orders and instractions as transmitted to us by tho Right Hon. Lord Panmure, your Majesty's Secretary of State for War, together with sundry letters and other docaments therewith transmitted, and have, to the best of our ability, made examination into the statements and evidence contained in the two reports above referred to, and have heard such witnesses as the several parties who appeared before us desired to call, and also such other persons as appeared likely to be able to give information upon the said matters, and whose attendance could be obtained; and, in order that your Majesty may be fully possessed of every circumstance which has appeared in the course of this inquiry, we beg leave to lay betore your Majesty the whole of our examinations and proceedings to this our report anmexed; And further hambly to submit to your Majesty the following preliminary observations in explanation of the course which we felt constrained to adopt in our endeavour to give effect to your Majesty's intentions, as signified in your Royal warrant, namely:- That the inquiry which we were commanded to institute appeared to us to be-- First, very peculiar in its nature; and, Secondly, to be attended with unusual difficulties. It appeared to us to be very peculiar in its nature, and one with which our military experience had not rendered us conversant, inasmuch as it was an inquiry in England into the correctness of conclusions which Sir John M'Neill and Colonel TuUoch had founded on information obtained by themselves ia the Crimea two years previously, whereas the duties of a Court of Inquiry are ordinarily limited to an original investigatiOn into certain matters of fact, or into the conduct of certain persons with reference thereto. It appeared to us to be atteaded with unussal difficulties, inasmuch as some of the statements which were to be inquired into were founded in part on evidence which we had not the means of investigating, and the attendance of several wituesses whom it would have been desirable to ex. amine could not be obtained. Under these embarrassing circumstances we felt it our duty, on the one hand, to give to each and to all of the parties referred to ia your Royal warrant every facility for bringing their cases under our consideration in sueh a manner as seemed most likely to afford opportunity for a faU inouiry, and, on the other hand, to exercise such care and caution in giving exBression to an opinion thereon as the character of the inquiry and the peculiar difficulties abovementioned seemed to render especially necessary, as well for the interests of truth as of iustice. And we do therefore now, in further obedience to your Royal command, most humbly report to your Majesty- That having been directed to inquire into the cases submitted to us by the following officers- 1. Lieutenant-General the Earl of LIucan, KC.B.- 2. Major-General the Earlof Cardigan, KC.B.; 3. Major-General Sir Richard Airey, K.C.B., Quarter- master-General; 4. Colonel the Hon. Alexander Gordon, C.B., Deputy- Quartermaster-General; 5. Commissary-General Filder, C.B.; We proceeded to inquire into them in the order above given. LIEUTEINANT-GENERAL THE EARL OF LUCAN'rS CASE. The Earl of Lucan caUed our attention to the following passages in the report of the Commissioners, pp. 20-21:- "With reference to the effect of the deficiency of forage, and the other privations to which the horses of the army were exposed, we have ascertained the loss among them from various causcs in the cavalry and artillery. Asummary of the returns obtained on that head wiU bo found at page 193 of appendix, which shows the loss attributable to sickness to be as follows, for the six months from October to March inclusive:- un rerernng to the loss sustained by the commissariat animals during the same period it will be found rather less than in the cavalry or artllery, the deaths among them having, according to a return furnished by Deputy CoInmissary-General Adams, amounted to about e89 out of 2,329, originally imported into the Crimea or in the proportion of 38 per cent.-a result which cougd scarcely have been expected, considering the advantages vhich cavalry horses might be supposed to have over hard-worked baggage Eadimals, to whom little attention could be paid at sucn a period." Pp. 36, 37.-"The date at which the hutting of the cavalry commenced was in no case earlier than the end of January or beginning of February, and it was not completed before the middle of March, by which time the severity of the season hai so far abated that this shelter was of comparatively little importance. Considering that these men were within about a mile of the store where the wood might be obtained, that they had no work in the trenches, and that the only duties likely to interfere with the application both of horses and men to this important object was the carrying up of their own forage frwn Balaklava, and furnishing parties occasionally to brinv down sick and cay up provisions to the front (which seers never to have occupied rnore than about a ffth part of the whole), it appears strange that more rapid progress was not made in obtaining the advantage of hut accommodation, particularly when they are described as havingsanffeed so much in their tents. "Considering, also, the suffering and severe loss of horses from exposure to the weather in the commencement of the winter, there appeas to be a want of promptitude or ingenuity in devising for them some means of temporary shelter, such as saved the baggage horses of the Sanppers and Miners at Balaklava. Experience has now proved that even a very moderate degree of shelter would have been sufficient to save the lives of many of the horses, if not to maintain them in serviceable condition ; and it must be presumed that such measures were considered practicable, for a proposal to erect, with the assistanco of his men, some sort of cover for the horses of the corps, appears to have been made by the officer commanding the Scots Grays, but the manner in which it is stated to have been received by the Lieutenant-General commanding the cavalry was calculated to deter other officers from making any similar proposal." With reference to these passages the Earl of Lucan proposed to show thatthey contained animadversions on him as commander of the cavalry, and that they were umfounded (pp. 8, 21), and his Lordsbip objected, in particular- 1. To the calculation of the commissioners with respect to the deaths of thef cavalry horses (Proceedings, p. 8); 2. To the comparison instituted between the loss of horses sustained by the-cavalry relatively with that of the commissariat (p. 9) ; 3. To the statement respecting the period of the hutting the horses (p. 11); 4, To the statement respecting the nature and amount of the duties to be performed by the cavalry soldiers (p. 17); 5. To the statement respecting the hutting of the men (p. 19); 6. To the statement respecting the providing temporary shelter for the horses (p. 21); 7. To the statement respecting a proposal made to the Earl of Lucan by the officer commanding the Scots Grays to erect temporary shelter for his horses (p. 20). In reply to these objections on the part of the Earl of Luesa ColonelTullochalleged:- That the commissioners had not animadvertedl on Lord Lucans conduct (see Proceedings, pp. 48, 53, 54, 108, 109, 110, 113, 130, 139, 141, 165); That the statements alleged by Lord Lucan to be eroneous were correct,-(see Proceedings, pp. 49, 50, 61, 56, 55); and that, if in some instances the statements Were incorrect, it was owing to the commissioners having been furnished with incorrect information by tho officers in the Crimea, and that for this the commissioners were not responsible. (See Proceedings, pp. 11, 140,173.) With regard to the passages abovementioned we are of opinion that the remarks of the commissioners therein contained amount to animadversions upon the conduct of the - arl of Lucan as commander of the cavalry. With regard to sopmuch of those passages as is referred to inobiection 1, we are of opinion that the mode in which the percentage of deaths has been stated by the commissionersis cdculated to convey an erroneous impression, inasmucth as, tbough the figares are perfectly accurate, neither the. rate percentage of deaths (contained in the table give at page 21 of the report), nor the percentage of deaths according to the average strength given in the sum- nisy sasqnently furnished by Colonel Tulloch, give the Ctual percentae of mor3Ality. With regard toso much of those passage as is referred to in objection 2i we are not enabled to offer an opinion thereon, as, on examining the returni wiich were furnished to us by the .Audit-office relative to the miatter in question, we found that the difficulties of ascertaining the peziods at which the Commissariat' animas arrived in tho Crimea, and of distinguishing between those Iost or stolen and those that died, were so great as to rendezany comparison of deaths batween them and the cavalry impossible. With regard to so much of those passages-a is referred to. in objection 3,. it appeared that the words "shelter. for horses," as entered in the margin'of the pasaiage above set forth (page 36'of the Coamissioners' Report),. hd inadvertentlybeen annexed thereto, instead of to the following paragraph, to which they properly belonged. This was explained by Colonel Tulloch, and the Earl of Lucan'sobjection appeared to be thereby obviated (page 112). With regard to so much of those passages as is referred to in objections 4 and 5, it appeared that after the cavalry wvent to Kadikoi the hutting, was not carried out until January or February, owing to delays and difficulties whiLch appearsafficiently to explain it; inasmuch as, in addition to the ordinary datiesi of a cavalry soldier in the field, the dutiesperformcd by the cavalry from the 12th of December to the l9th of January, in conveying stores to the front, and afterwards in transporting the sick, materially interfered with the operation of hutting the men and putting up stables for the horses. The insufficiency and bad quality of the intrenching tools added to this difficulty. With regard to so much of those passages as is referred to in objection 6, it was stated in evidence by Colonel Chapman, R.E., that- "The temporary shelter erected for the baggage horses and mules of the Sappers and Miners was merely formed by a house and three other walls; there were three dwarf waUs forming an enclosure of a courtyard against the house, and one end of a sail was stretched as it might be against that wall (the witness pointed to the wall of the court, and the other end was brought down, and with a rope fastened to the dwarf waUl on the opposite side; that was all the covering that we used for the shelter of the baggage animals; but a shelter of that sort is totally different from what would have been required by the cavalry in a place like the plateau; it is not a parallel case at all; what can be done in one place where there are walls cannot be done in another where there is nothing of the sort." We completely concur in this opinionx; and, with regard to the general charge of " want of promptitude or energy," as attaching to the cavalry under the command of Lieutenant-General the Earl of Lucan, it appears by the statement made to ns bv Colonel Tulloch, and by the whole course of his examination of witnesses, to have been founded on the assumption that tools and materials (including canvass) and labour were either at hand or might have been procured from the fleet or from Constantinople-an assumption which does not appear to be borne out by the evidence. The uncertainty with regard to the occupation of the plateau by the cavalry appears to us to form a very material element in the consideration of this matter, added to which the difficulty of transport to that place was such that, even it it had been possible to have procured the before-mentioned tools and materials (including canvass), they could not have been there made available. It further appears that after the cavalry arrived atKadikoi the E&.r of Lucan was unceasing in his endeavours to erect shelter for the horses. With regard to digging pits as a means of shelter for the cavalry horses the Earl of Lucan stated- "In that country, with that soil-a soil that puddles after three or four hours' rain, consisting chiefly, as it did on the plateau, of a stron- brick clay-I say that without a roof, or unless you coula pave, any such trench as is talked of would have been totally useless; and it would have been moischievous, because it would very much have obstructed you in what is far more essential-namely, the constant removal of your horsea. When you talk of a pit, a pit is not only useless, but it is perhaps the most mischievous thinginto wlich you can possibly put a horse. It was attempted-and there is an officer in this court now who could establish the truth of what I say if he were examined upon the subject-with the Land Transport ; they did make pita for their horses, and those pits were dug on the side of the hills. Still, it was found impossible to drain them sufficiently, and the horses suffered so much that the Turks, who had charge of them, could net be got to use the pits after they w;ere dug. In short, a pit that is neither roofed nor paved weuld be more appropriately called a grave than s pit." This is borne out to a certain extent by the evidence of other officers, and we are of opinion that, unless materials existed for paving or covering those pits, they would have been attended with no advantage to the cavalry. With regard to so much of the passages as is referred to in objection 7, the question therein raised seems to relate to the motive which induced the Earl of Lucan to threaten to put the officer commanding the Scots Grays (Colonel Darby Grifiths) under arrest. We were informed by Colonel Tulloch that the commissioners did not consider it consistent with their instructions to examine any of the officers who were stated to have been present on the occasion referred to, and we have not had an opportunity of doing so. Colonel Griffiths, by his answer to question 66, does not appear to have ever contemplated erecting any shelter for his horses, but merely the digging of a drain in front and rear of them, provided he could obtain a guarantee from the Earl of Lucan that his camp would not be moved. Whatever may have been the misunderstanding between the Earl of Lucan and Colonel Griffiths, it does not appear by the evidence adduced that any officers were influenced by it. It is therefore to be regretted that such an inference has been sought to be established reflecting on Lieutenant-General the Earl of Lucan. Upon the whole, we are satisfied by the evidence, documentary and oral, adduced befoTe us, and by a perusal of the Earl of Lucan's divisional orders and correspondence, that his Lordship used every exertion to meet the peculiar difficulties which he had to contend with, and that he is therefore not chaTgeable with neglect in the performance of the important duties attached to his command. MAJOR-GENERAL TEE EARL OF CARDIGAIN'S CASE. The Earl of Cardigan called our attention to the following passages of tbe report of the commissioners, as containing tne statements of which he complained (p. l9S):- " There is one case, however, from which such serious consequences have arisen that it requires some special notice. " The Light Cavalry Brigade, which had for some time previously been stat.oned in the valley adjacent to Balaklava, was removed first to the vicinity of head-quarters for two or three days, and thereafter, on the lst or 2d of November to ILnkermann, where it was stationed near the Windmill, a distance of at least seven or eight miles from Balaldava. This change, at a time when the roads were in an extremely bad state, and where there was great difficulty in obtaining the means of transport, created very serious obstacles to a proper supply of forage being obtained. " It is alleged by Deputy Assistant Commissary-General Crookshanks, that there was a certain quantity of hay at Balaklava, but not the means of carrying it to the front ; occasionally he managed to bring up a little til the 14th of November, when the supply failed entireiy. After that date the want of transport affected the supply of barley also, which on several days did not exceed ilb. to 21b. daily per horse, being all that they had to keep them alive. The returns of one of the regiments show that for the last four days they were on the ground the average s only about 2Vlb. for each horse, previously exhauste,e as they had been by the want of hay or straw during the early part of the month. " When the supply began to fail the Commissariat officer referred to, who appears to have done everything in his power to meet the difficulties of the case, proposea-as he Imew there was plenty of barley at Balaklava-that if a detachment of the horses were allowed to go down daily he would engage to bring up enough for the rest of the brigade. " This proposition appears to have been brought specially under the notice of Lord Cardigan by Lieutenant-Colonel Mayou, Assistant-Qutartermaster-Generai of Cavalry, who states that his Lordship declined to accede to it, as ho had previously done when a similar proposition was made to him to send the horses down for hay before that supdy failed. " Tho whole bri,,ade remained in this state till the 2d of December, wrhen at was directed to return to its previous position, but by that time the horses were reduced to such a state from starvation that they could no longer beer the weight of their riders; they had to he led down, many were left on this ground in a dying state, and of the ramain der 17 died on the road before they could reach their former sthtion, a distance of only about six miles. 'It is no part of our duty to enter into the military reasons which may have led to the detention of this brigade on a spot where the horses could Dot be foraged by the omimissariat, or which may have induced a refosal to adogt the only measure by which apparently they could be in-e sisted; we merely call attenion to the fact, as one of the insthnces of a deficiency of uepply which formed the special sulbject of an inquiry." lIis Lordship's complaint was- That the commisioners had here charged him with having contributed to the ultimate inefficiency of the Light Brigade by his refusl to adopt a suggestion which, an the opinion of the comamissioners, was calculated to improve the condition of the brigade-viz., the sending the troop horses down to Belalcava for forage (p. 198). He contended that, in not adopting that suggestion, he had exercised a sound discretion, and one which was calen. lated to enable the brigade, so far as the difficulties per'. mitted, to continue to discharge its various duties (p. 198); Inasmuch as, had the horses been sent down, beothought it very uncertain whether they could have obtained' supplies (p. 204); . :, And further, because such a journey, inthe then state of the roads, would, in his opinion, have caused a greater loss of horses than atually occurred from the issufliciency of the supplies (p. 205). He further contended that, had he thought it expedient to send iis horses to B kava, he slisuld n3t haie conmidered himelf at liberti't' do aO 9, sinoe the absence ot-so ruany as would have been requixred to convey the forige from Ba.laldai- (for an- indefiit inumber of hours) would have been inconsisteni1;ith- tlel fsitij4 orders of L6rd Ilaglii that the-Light Brigade sh6uld, for rniIihtayreasoi`s, retain that position (pp- 206, 207; ,213, 210, 229Y. - It appears by Liord Cardigan's statement that his Lordshipaiaidn6t'desnandaninquir into his conlduct, butthat he gladiY availed hirielf 6f the'o~p;rtunlty of appearing before the Board, in order to eniter Tnore fully into the consideration of the remarks of the commiasioness in tEeir report, which refer to his command while with the Light Brigade of Cavary in the Crimea. It appears that on the 2d- of November the lIghM Brigade was moved to the ]Ieights of Iulkermann, under a special rrrangemente between Lord ltagbmn and the Commander-in.Chief of the French army, and continued in that cxposedsituation, for military reasons, until the 2d of December, the Earl of Cardigan having resigned his comsmandcon the 29th of November. After the stormx of tha 14th of November the men and horses were exposed to inclement weather. The rations of forage, owing to the diminution of means of Commissariat tr.nsport, were reduced, and-towards the end of November the supplies of bay failed entirely. The commissioners have charged Lord Cardigan with having contributed.to the'ult-imate, iaefficiency of the Light Brigade,'by his refusal to adopt a suggestion which, in the opinion of "the. commnissioners, was calculated to have preserved the Light Brigade from the destruction Ihat threatened it-namely, the sending the troop horses to Balaklava for forage. It appears that at the latterend of Novemberthegreatest number of horses in the encamipmhent of the L-ight Brigade was 830, of which, owing to so many men being sick and absent, only 286 could be mounted. From this number it would have required 120 horses to have brought up forage from Baladhava; and to have detached so large a proportion of the force would have diminished it to such an extent as to have rendered it virtually useless for the purpose for whi::h it had been placed in the position it occupied. With reference therefore to the military reasons noticed by the commissioners, it appears to us that Lord Raglan alone could judge of the fitness of a measure, and that it could not have been resorted to wit'hout his sanction. He appears to have been made acquainted by the 'MajorGeneral commanding the brigade, by the Lieutenant-Gone. ral commanding the division, and by Comraissary-General Filder with the hardships which the cavalry were suffering. But there is no evidence to show that Lord Raglan's attention was particularly called to the proposal of the AssistantCommissary-General that the horses should be sent to bring forage from Balaldlava. What steps, therefore, might have been taken by Lord Raglan had that proposal been distinctly brought to his notice can now be onlymatter of conjeeture. The military reasns for keeping a large proportion of the cavalry in the position which they then occupied seem to have rendered the case peculiarly embarrassing; for these reasons appear in some degres 'o have been irrespeotive of considerations of forage. b The opinion, however, expressed by Lord Cardigan, that to have sent the horses for that purpose to a place so distant as Blilslava would only have augmented the losses of the brigade, although not in entire accordance with some of the opinions offered in evidence before us, appears to be supported by a reference to the difficulties experienced by the Royal Artillery at the same period; for it is in evidence that the horses in that force were on two occasions, between the 23d and 27th of November, 1854, at great wear and tear, sent down to Balaklava for hay, at the urgent request of the Commissariat, and on their arrival there it was found that no hay was procurable. MAJOR-GENERAL SLR RICHLARD AlREY'S CASE. Sir Richard Airey said,- " With regard to the passages which I regard as containingmatters of animadversion, they are intermixed with other passages involving no animadversion, so that it would be difficult to point out the exact sentence, or parts and bits of sentences, of which I complain; but I can say it is the whole of the London report, dow,n to the end of the sixth line of the 37th page, and to that patt Iinvite inquiry." At the commencement of his addlress Sir Richard Airey commented on the circumstances under which the evidence was taken by the commissioners, and contended that those circumstances rendered it dangerows to draw conclusions from that evidence, and scarcely possible to assign a value to a report fou,nded thereon. He set forth at length various reasons for entertaining this opinion, which reasons wil be found in the proceedings (pp. 230-1-2-4-5, 252, 261, 337-8-9). H1e stated that the evidence, as printed by the commissioners, varied in some material particulars from the evidence as given by some of the officers in the Crimea (pp. 259-267, Questions 1,244 to 1,257; p. 280, Questions 3,272 to 1,278, p. 300). And in his cosing address he said, " I had intended to impugn the report, by showing that the conclusions therein contained would have been prevented by that very testimony which, though not printed with the rest of the evidence, was, in truth, actually given before the commissioners; and I had intended, I confess, to invite the attention of the board to the circumstances under whichthe displacement of the evidence had occurred. From this second portion of my case I am debarred by the absence of Sir J. M'Neill and Colonel Tulleeh" (p. 337.) Ile called tho attention of the board to the precise limits of the Quartermaster-General's Deportment, and the nature of its dxties (pp. 235-e-7-9; 253-4-5; 335-6; 341), and proceeded to give an explanation on those matters which, falling within the range of the Quartermaster-General's Department, had been made the subject of observation by the commissioners (p. 235), and contended that there was no ground whatever for the animadversions upon his department which are contai ned in the report (p. 337). With a view to a clear statement of the result of our inquiry into the correctness of those saimadversions, we now proceed to report on each of the matters commented on by the commissioners, in the order in w hich they have taken them. SEPARArTLOY FROM RKCAPSACKS. As regards the separation of the men from their knapsacks on landing in tho Crimea, it appears to the board that this was a matter entiroly within the department of the Adjutant-General. who, under the orders of the General Commanding, could alone see the measure carried into execution; but Sir Richard Airey, having stated his readiness to give any informationi in his power, has said that when the force recovered its communication with the sea, active measures were taken for restoring them; and it is in evidence (Questions 1,214-1,218) that, in consequence of the physical weakness of the men who embarked at Varna, a discretionary power as to landing with or without knapsacks was given to officers commanding regiments, and that most of them availed themselves of that power to lighten the men's burdens. It also appears that no blame is attributable to the Quartermaster-General's Department, although much delay was occasioned in recovering knapsacks from the transports, in consequence of various obstacles over which that department had no control. It may, however, be observed that the packs contained very little that could have added to the comfort of the men, a proportion of the men's necessarie3 having being left in the squad-bags at Scatari ISSVES OF WARN( CLOTBING FROM ENGLAND. Sir Richard Airey has stated tha,t the QuartermasterGeneral's Department had no stores, no storehouses, no storekeepers, no issuers, nor means of landing transportnone, in fact, of the machinery necessary for receiving stores, or for keeping them, or for transporting or delivering them to the men, and that the only duty of the department in relation to the issue of stores was that of determining the proportions in which they should be shared by the troops. It appears to ns material to observe that, although the term " Quartermaster-GeneraPs stores " seems to have been applied by the commissioners to ali stores for which the Quartermaster-General made requisition, the responsibility of that officer must be understood to be linfited to the duty of making requisitions for certain stores, and not to their safe custody, stowage, or. even issue.-(See Colonel WetheraU's evidence, p. 269.) We now proceed to give our opinion as to the manner in which the Quartermaster-General performed the duties of his department. DISTxrIUTION OF WVARM OLOTBIRG. Sir Richard Airey complained of the following statement:- I " The arrangements ielating to the isse of the suppliesfrom the Quartermaster-General!s stores, ppear to have been of questionable expediency." SirRiphard Airey thinks it is made, to appear, inferen- tialy, that thissupposed want of care in the worldng.of the. Departm-ent may have been the occasion. not of mere inconvenience and trouble, but of some of tLose dreadful prim. tions to which the soldier was subjected in the winter of 1854 and 1855, and that although there always was a supply of wam clothing in the harboir of Balaldava, official formality or mismanagement stood up as a barrier between the soldiers and his supplies. Warm clothing being ax extra issuet, very unssul irk the service, the principle adopted by the Quartormaster-General as to-the apportionment-of it, appears to have hbeea a very judicioas one-viz., thbit of sending orders that the regiments shouldpply for it according to theirstreagth, for- which purpose Sir'Richaid Airey placed am.officer (Lieutenant-Colonel Mackenzie) at B:lakdava whio appears` to haye performed his duties most efficiently; but the cause of those supplies riot' - cushig:t1e atsisn for- a corderabie time after tie orders weta given, was owing to the defi- ciency of transporta a fact fuily:iAnitted by the Do | USS &D BLIAaI -SiY Richard .ireycsmplained (p. 261ot. the gesin the Commissioners' Report referred to in the argim; he ,W T _ ' ' _' '' F... a, . :! ,,,_ "Yt is there inado to appear that the bTinkets fell Aiort,andthat the men viere kept without wArm clothing, because it occurred tono one togive the 8,000 rags which werelying With,regard to rags the commissioners ste. <' These rugs wrere nearly a3 well calnlatedzsblankets to keep out the cold, and were. perhaps, betterssited oresisa wet, yet, 'when the supply~ of blankets fell shorts-it- does nsot appa to have occurred to 3ny one that the rugs were availabl as. asbtitute" This statement is distinctly contradicted by Colonel Wetherall, inthe following words:- " It wras a yellowr, half-cotton, half-wrorsted rug, and, though the comminisioners state that they wrere nearly as well calculated to resist wet as blankets, no one eslse in the Crimea- thought so, and that was the very rean why they were never wsed because they did not resist wet.' Colonel -Wetherall further stated that- "The rugs ;were always placed under the same category as blankets, and requisitions were frequently altered to blankets or rugs, and that if a regiment asked for blankets, and they were not available, and rugs were, the reginent had pernmission to take rugs." Tis staement apers to be oompletly borne out by the evidence of Nr. Boyd; the storekeeper, and the returns of issues. With regard to I" blankets," they Were one of the articles whichwere issued on requisitions made in the usual form, and approved by the Quartermaster-Generil, ancd it appears -that these requisitions were approved of greatly in advance of the power of regiments receiving the same to draw the blankets, owing to the want of means of transport. Colonel Cobbe (p. 279, Commissioners' Report) says, that the requisitions ofwarm clothing or blankets were always in advance ofthemcanusoftransportatbhis dpLo Colonel Wetherall, in his evidence given to the commissioners in the Crimea, informed them that,- "In the month of December alone no less than 22,740 blankets were issued by the depirtment, though ouly 17,K3 were carried away." This portion of Colonel Wetherall's evidence was omitted by the commissioners in their report, but was laid before us by Sir Richard Airey (.p. 259). GREATCOATS. The commissioners' remarks of which Sir Richard Airay oomplained, on the subject of greatcoats, commence at p. 27, Commissioners' Report. It appears that Lord Raglan, in the due exercise of his dispensing power, substituted for the complicated War office form of requisition for greatcoats, the following fornm - "Required for the Regiment "Quartermaster-General's-office And a tabular statement laid before the Board, and hereto annexed, shows that orders had been isued, up to January 20, for 6,577greatcoats, of which only 3,049 had been drawn; and it is stated by Colonel Wetherall, in his evidence, that every man had at that time been supplied with a sheepskincoat. The only reference made by colonels of regiments, in their replies to the commissioners (respecting greatcoats) was that made by Colonel Douglas, 79th Regniment, who states that on making a zequisition for 300 coats it was promptly complied with. IVATCHCOATS, COATEES, TROUSERS, SHOES. In regard to the apportionment of these articles it appears to us, from the evidence of Colonel Wetherall, the officer who superintended their apportionment, that every means were taken to issue to the troops such of them as were actually in store or available for use. But all the roatees were found to be too small for the men by reason of the great quantity of under-clothing worn by them. The shoes were also much too small for all purposes of service in the field. This statement with respect to boots and shoes is borne out by the proceedings of a "Board of Survey on the unfitnesseof ammunition boots issued to the men," held in the 19th Regiment on the 8th of January, 1855. TENTS. With reference to tentb, it appears that Sir Richard Airey, on the 23th of November, 1854, sent home a large requisition in consequence of the destruction of tents and hospital marquees in the storm of the 14th of November; but that requisition, addressed to the Board of Ordnance, although sent direct to England under most pressing circumstances, wyasnot complied with umtil May, 1855. Therefore the Quartermaster-General's Department is completely exonerated from all blame on this head. FALLASSBES. "The vessels before referred to, which arrived about the middle and end of November, had also brought 21,450 pail. lasses to protect the soldier from the moistness of the g,round, of w,hich, howvever, 10,000 were lost in the Prince. It was intendedthat they should be stuffed with hay or straw, but at that time these were deficient in the camp, and no effort seems to have been made to provide a sabstitute, though wool from the opposite coast might probably have been procured if proper measures had been taken for that purpose. Had even the paillasse sack, together with one of the rugs in store, been issued, it would have afforded the soldier some protection from the moisture of the ground til a better bed could be procured for him. None of the paillasses, however, were issued to the troops, and of a subsequent supply of 6,000 only about one-ha were used for the hospitals; the whole of the rest remained in store. "It was not necessary that there should be apaillasse for cash man, and, indeed, a tent ceuld not have contained that number; one to every two men would have been sufficient, for nearly one-half were out on duty at night, and even in the end of November the number in store wvould have afforded that proportion." In answer to the observations of the commissioners, imputing blame to the Quartermaster-General's Department for the non-issue of paillasses, and which might have been used by the men as a protection from the moisture of the ground, Sir Richard Airey contended that a coarse linen paillasse cover to lay down upon the wet ground would have been of no use whatever, and that no man would have taken the trouble to walk down to Balaklava to have obtained any number of them. Moreo ver, there were the same difficulties in moving the paillasses to the front as in the case of the blankets and other clotning. It is also in evidence that there was no hay or straw to stuff them with, and no wool, or the'means of rendering it available, if procured as a substitute, as suggested by the commissioners. Sir Richard Airey's statement on thishead is corroborated by the evidence of Colonel Wetherall (p. 283) and of Mr. Watson (p. 334), and confirms us in our opinion that the paillasses could not have been made serviceable in the mode recommended by the commissioners. With regard to the subject of hutting, it appears that the Quartermaster-General's Department completely fulfilled their duty, by ordering huts at an early period from Constantinople-viz., the 8th of November, 1854; but the conveyance of the m3ateriil to the front for hutting the men formed no part of the Quartermaster-General's duty, as at that period that duty rested with the Commissariat Department. It appears that from the first supply, of pIank-s and scantling, which arrived from Constantinople on November25, 1854, to the second supply, which arrived on January 21, 1S55, the Iand Transport was insufficient to carry up to the front even the subsistence for the men, much less was it possible for them to transport a heavy weight of planks and scantling. It appears, therefore, that the Quartermaster-Generals Department is relieved from all responsibility on this head. The responsibility of the Quartermaster-Generals Department was confined to making a requisition for such materials as could be made available for the purpose, and as early as October (before it was known where the army was going to winter) a communication was made to the principai agent for transports, Captain Christie, to obtain all the spare sails, spars, and tarpaulins. On its being decided that the army was to winter in the Crimea, the Quartermaster-General states, in answer to the commissioners, that he procured 20) Turks as labourers, and all the timber and plan-s necessary, from Sinope and Constantinople. But it does not appear that any timber or planks were distributed in tho Crimea beLfore the middle of November or end of December, or that any means of transport were available for that purpose. So fIr as the report of the commissioners ma7be supposed to aninmaiert upon the Quartermaster-General's Department, in r4gard to the want of "' promptitude or ingenuit* in devising ' temporary shelter' for the horses," and the employment of -canvass for that purpose, we are of opinion that the evidence of Admiral Sir E. Lyons, R.N. Major Keane, R.E., Admiral Sir J. Dandas, &N., Colonel chapman, R.E.j3(&Ior Hackett, Deputy-Assistant Qua&rte. master-Geieral, Captain Derryman, RIN., completelyrefute the sttements of the comnissioners. Before we close onr observations on the case of Sir Richard Airey, we think, it important to refer to the stbject of the road from Balaiava, a matter which so pre-eminently falls within the range of theQuartermaster-General's duties, and -about whica so inueh ss been said. ' Sir Richard Airty has considered it fficient for his vindication to quote the wOrds of the onmiseioners in-their own report, as.satiWaict!rly explaining, so' fir at leait alis oirD depirtment ws concerned, the causes of the defects, and tho difficulty which existed in remeaying them:--*. " The ant of a road from Balakva to the' fro nt, pJas tble for Commissariat cart, greatly increaed the difficelt of su lying-the army aftr tWe uniddle d 'T -'it theZ icommanding.divisiom who ezit eiupon tbe. prject are hnipmousin ui -ra-sou Laveibe,n iipoeiible to employ^ a suffcsant numoer otmzen to saikethSerod Xnd at the same) time t ;ciT op+lje 2niilt oplntionhii =Thwli idh te army' 1WAenad". To this pase uly be'add.d'The aiasUao' bf theeozi.. ssioners that -hiredinlior cottld NOT; e-bljtained, anZ #;e densend fortlhe,vieces~of3the trops in T£hett cleasaiad for otDT;eiIiaiiU±yddties' ia suc tUht sTLhey eozl&inot bse spared for -other pur.phasas (Cor sno-ers' por%,; P.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-. On a-carefnl review of the impetations, *hethie&expreas or impliedl; aganst the QuirterTnsi&tr-Geiaea's D3pArtnwent-in the Critmex of *hichI Sit Rinha'dAirty- tti, plainead,- - ._-.' ,We are of opinion that, in thi-performanoe of their-seveTal duties, neither that officer. nor any of thogee*lo served -nder him are justly hargeable -with- mwmanWgement or neglect; but that, onthe-contrary, they-used. theiz beut exertions to promote, as far as depesded upon them,.the Welfare of the army' Tlhat their endeavoursoften. failed intheir. object ea3not fairlb-e matter of charge -against a. department which, although ostensibly responsible for the- performance ;of dsties of the very first importanocto ,anarmy.in thefield, is vet left unprovided witl, any means at its disposal of carryIng out its.own arrangemeuts, aud -thus becomes entirely dependent on the precarious aid . of other departmeastQ5, Which, onthisparticular serv ioe, were over-taxed far beyond their strsngt4 and resources. .. ' ; P'ormerly the QuartermterGeneral'eDep.rtment was oa avery ifferent footinginthisarespect; the great part.ofia staff-corps of infantry, composed 'entirely of artificers, aid comnmanded by officers specially trained, or selected with a, view to staff employment, was attached to the Quarter. master-General's De,-Artruent, and its services were at al times avaiLable for the performance of duties which could not otherwise be provided for. It is in evidence -that, in the-Crimea, the Quartermnaster General endeavoured to obtain the assistance of the Royal ElIgineers for eracting huts .for the cavalry, but that norie could be spared, as the operations of the siege occupied tie entire strength of that corps. It is also stated in evidence that in the Crimea the French army hal a " Corps d'Arts et de MLtiers " disposable for the construction of field ovens, &c., at a period of great suffering, when not a man of the British army could be obtained fora like purpose. THE E9S. COI. GOR1DON'S CASE. Colonel Gordon caLed the attention of the boeard, in the frst instance, to the following statements, which had been made by Colonel Tulloch during the course of the proceedings before the board; and which statements he considered to be incorrect as regarded himself, and prejudicial to him if left unchallenged - L A statement to the effect that aJl the originals of the evidence given by the officers in the Crimea -were sent to them for correction. Colonel Gordon said that this was not done in certain instances with his evidence; and that the evidence that was submitted to him, and which purported to be an originsl, was materially different from the actual original (pp. 343-4). IL A statement with regard to Colonel Wetherall's evidence, viz.:- "Thosa notes -were never introduced into the body of the evidence, because the marked difference between what was received in the one case and acknowledged in the other showed that the inquiry would lead to no beneficial result, and I therefore struck out the whole of the latter part of the mnemorendurn, and in that state it was subsequently sent to Colonel Gordon for Colonel WetheralL, aong with his evidence, to save the trouble of re-copying it.' Colonel. Gordon said that the memorandum there mentioned never was sent to him, and that he never saw it till he saw it printed in this country (p. 344-5). IlL Colonel Gordun also complained of query 7, p. 2W, of the Commissioners' Beport (evidence), as attributing to him a statement wbich he had never made, and containing assertions which were entirely incorrect (p. 346). " 7. You state (page 169 of 7. This question assumes your evidence) as a reason for as a fact that which I have not making these issues, that not stated, and contains asyou thought 'when the men sertions which I believe to had tvwo blankets, a sheep- be entirely incorrect; I must, skin coat, a fur cap, a pair of therefore, decline entering leggeings, a waterproof hood, on a question founded in one-third of a buffalo robe, error." two guesusey frocks, two pairs of drawers, two pairs of socks, a pair of wirter boots, a comforter, and two pairs of gloves, as well a an extra suit; of uniform, &c.,' that they were not so badly off. Were you aware, when you made this statement, that the returns receivcd from the Quartermaster-General's Department show that the articles, of which the non-issue is complained of, arrived at Balakava between the 21st and 28th of November, while those to which you refer (with thei exception of the blankets) were not received till near the middle of January? How, then, could the issue of the latter have operated as a reason for the non-issue of the former, when thev were not available for at least aix weeks after the 28th of November, during which period the sufferings of the men from want of suificient clothing were at their greatest height?". IY. Ahio of the following paragraph, p. 26 of the Report, the accuracy of which he unequivoclly denied (p. 34S-9): " It will be observed, that Colonel Gordonin his evidence assigns as a reason for the non-issue of many of these sup. plies, that he conceived the men had enough, and he enumerates a long list of articles supplied to them; but he overlooks the fact, that the greater number of these were not issued till about the end of February, whereas the period during which the men principally suffered was in the months o.£ December and January, when it appearsthat there wers supplies enough in hand to have averted much of that suffering." V. Alsv of the following paragraph (p. 27 of the Report), which he considered to be wholly unsupported by the evidence (p. 349-50) " One of the reasons assigned for not issuing the regimental grsateoats was, that the regulations of the service, as established by the Queen's warrant, did not aruthorize such issue more frequently than once in three years. The proportionl of corps in the Crimea entitled to them in termsa of that warrant was very limited, and it does not appear that any instructions dispensing with its restrictions were received there, or that any intimation was given of the intention with which they were sent out. Had an application been made, however, it is not probable that. the General commaDding wvould have refused to authorize, on his own responsibility, the distribution of articles of lothing vhich were likely to contribut,e to the health and efficiency of the troops; and. if the QuartermaserGeneral doubted his own powers in this matter, it n?spers to us that he ough,nt to have apphed for that autthority. ' VL-Colonel Gordon also complained of the following paragraph in page 24 of the Report, as implying that he had not sufficient grounds for the statements which he hadinade to the coimnissioners as a witness (p. 347-8) "It will be seen from the evidence of Colonel Gordon, then Assistant-Quartermaster-General, that he attributes the non-recovery of the knapsackas at an early period to the general offScers of divisions, with the ex;ception of the Duke of Cambridge, preferring not to receive them. On referring, however, to txwo of the officers who commanded divisions on that ocasion, one of them states Positively that no such offer was made to him; another, thaf he has no recollection of it, though it may have been so; the third being absent, we have had no opportunity of communicating with himon. the subject." VIL Colonel Gordon also said- "Ayoint upon which I think I have some reason to coamplain is, the fact that, after having obtained from Major Wetherall and myself, and from numerous other officers, the materials from which these portions of their report to which I have been adverting were drawn up, the commissioners should not have put to Sir Richard Airey, the Quartermaster-General, in justice to himself as well as -tc his subordinate officers, a single question upon the subject, either of tlal mapsacks, or the issue of clothing, which had unquestionably formed in their minds, from an early peiod, so important a feature of the inquiry. I wv shown.by Sir Richard Aireythe questions (63 in number) which weresent to him, as containing the points uponvwhich the comumissioners required information; and finding that there was not one relatiae to the issue, or nonissue, of clothing, or to the Imapsacke, I had everyright to conclude that the evidence of Major Wetherall and myself had on the subjects been deemed satisfactory." (P. 351.) Complsints L-IL-W--th respect to the subject. referredl to in Comyilaints L and IL, after giving due consideration to the reasos set forth by Colonel Tulloch in his paper maarked B, in explanation thereof, we entirely acquit the commissioIers of being actuated by any impropermntives in adopting-the course complained of by Colonel Gordon; inasmuch as, with respet to the evidence given to the CommnisEiOrere by Colonel Gordon, w -e think Tt the co- - miasioners -were under the iinprecsion that that offioer d sufficient opportunity of correcting it. But as that impression -does not appear to have been correct, we ano of opinion that Colonel Goxdon's omplinIt, in this resPect, is not without foundation. - Withrepect to Colonel -etherall's vefdenoe - The commnissioners refer to tEe fact of Colonel Welher-ll's absence fromthe Crimesin explntion of the cireumtance of his evidence not having beei tigned bythat vfflocr. They forwarded itto Colonel Gordon owthe 4thof Ju.e,1W55; a- parently with the intention- of procuring its signature drevisal by Colonel Wetherml, overlooking, hoWer,- the circumstance of Colonel Wetherall being at that time at Constantinople; for it appeargthatafter Colonel Wetheialls examination was finished-aviL on thl28tof31y, hexp pledato the commisslonersto now wohetherbe nagihtleave the I-rimem, xnd the eommissioners, baving. ceonltd together, stated that they had aotliingafurther t-o sk ffrom him, that they had ascertained si itheyiw!a`Se asto the clotbing, aJade h *sperfectlyatli y to go tci'b tnts nople. He accordingy left- d & - e r n t;< of. lMy, or the 15t of June (pv g28, ,, qeo,28)..1-;: n.z .Eiaev.idenzoe-war nehdto.1hp omlmiadenea byCeI-ne -G{or4ouwithontiierati u, - X -c* .;<Y 'n ^--ct :-u-.t2 The commnieneratatte thaxt thley were led to believe, in.
Mf~ BY HA VA L~IKTElLIqO Dechieate of theli Ro Rig gieutand thea7nkleft. o c e d evening for Al ershott. Lhoe 90t landed pieom Hed r a jesys -ship Que&en strdai niorsidng and pioceedad to Alde3ihott, wtheiu oth heid-tiiarters oftaoe,2d.}geds a. iTfivoc companies oo the 19th P-Ri. :ment pzoceeded& in tEhaafternoon. Alderehott camp being 3axw Ull, the 97th Regiment has to be provided forat Ports:aOlthe Th 34th Rlegimnent move from Aldershott to Glasgov; the 93d frn- the iame'camp to Dover; the'.6th Dreons ditto to Shoracliffe, anld the 18th to Dublin. Thc steamer Princo Arthur sailed from Liverpool for Dubl^a yesterdAy, 'With the depOts of the 3d and 46th Regi. mes in all about 900 men Aom1ted.squ~dront of the 6th Eniikillen Dragoonst conskisig of two1trcops>, and numbering 6 sergeants, S cor por< and 159 privates, arrived at Chatham yesterday morning, from Ipswich, under the command of CaptainVonyrs Tower and two subalteran, The'detachment will proceed this mornng to the camp at Shorncliffe, ihere they areo be stationed. Her Majastyesship Cressy, 81, Captain R. L. Warren, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the Bsltic. Her iesty's ship Pembroke, 60, Captain Seymour, arrivead at Spitnead yesterday ifternoon from the West Indies.: Her Majestys ship T'ibue, 31, Captain H. Edgell, was isugiected yesterday- morning at Portsmouth bv Vice-Ad3niril Sir George Seygiour, prior to going on foreign service. The Admiralty yacht Black Eagle, Master Commander Fetley, is tuining her state fittings in to the Osborne, Master Colmnder G. H.E U. Bower at Portsmonth, who is fitting hezrot with the utniost expedition for the service of their 3 orshiigs' who are e:pected to make their official visit to Portsmouth next Monday. Rear-Admiral Sir Mtaurice 33erkeisy, H.CB., will be3 there to-day. HerMhajestf's ship Bulldog, 6, Commaixder Gordon, left Spithesd ou Wednesday gvening for the westiward. Her Mfajesty's shipFairy embarked their Royal High. nesacs the Crown Prince and Prencesses of Prussia yesterday 0noining aOsborie, ahintook them to Portslouth -dock-. yarrd,:over which establishmnent they were conducted by Vice-Admiral Sir Geoige Seymour, Rear-Admiral iartin, and Captain the Hon. J. R. Drummond, C.B. After the inspection of the establishment their Royal High. ncsfes -vere entertained at luncheon by the Commander-inChief at the Admiralty-house. Captain Graydon's Ist Company of the 1st Battalion Royal Artillery; Major Clifford's 3d Company of the same Battalion; Major Newton's No. 2 Company of the 1st Battalion-, and Major Hastings's No. 8 Company of the 6th Battalion, arrived on Wednesday at head-quarters, Woolwich, from Portsmouth. There is a constant influx of large nubers to the overcrowded barracks at Woolwich. The storeship Tyne, 4, Master-Commander Benjamin B. Stuart (acting), has -arrived at Woolwich, and is to be docked. The gunboats MAidget and Tiny will leave Woolwieh on Saturday for Sheerness. Mr. Wethered's mnethod of superheating steam, wvhich was applied and tested for experimental purposes on board the Admiralty yacht Blaelk Eagle last winter in Woolwich hadn, has been ordered by the Lords of the Admiralty to be continued on board the steam troopship Dee, which vessel has-been fitted so as to carry out the intended course of ex. periments more fully. The success of the system will, it is said, create considerable economy in the consumption of fuol, and will thereby reduce the expense attending the use of steam machinery to from 30 to 40 per cent. The transport Lady Russell was yesterday morning discharged from the Government service. Thesailing transport Akbnr, No. 200, has arrived at Woolwich and landed three officers, 170 gunners of the Royal Artillery, 56 hoses, and 50 tons of artillery stores from the East. The Indomitable, NQ. 7, is discharging a heavy cargo of Russian shot at Woolwich. The sailing transport Marshal Beunet, Captain Harris, is discharging in the Victoria-doeks a cargo of unserviceable 24-pounders and other guns, and 10-inch mortars, from Balaklava. Yesterday morning a draught of convalescent invalids, to the number of 130 non-commissioned officers and men, belonging to nearly every regiment in the service, left St. !d:axy's Casemate Barracks, Cnatham, and proceedecl to their homes at the expense of the Government. Nearlythe whole of the men had been invalided home from the Crimea. Forty non-commissioned officers and men, a number of ,vhom belonged to cavalry regiments, were yesterday removed from the invalid depOt to Fort Pitt for the purpose of being inspected by Dr. J. R. Taylor, C.B., principal msedical officer at that establishment. The conclusion of the war and the consequent discharge of so many transport steamers lately in the service of the Government have caused the Southampton docks to be almost choked with steamships waiting destinations and. employment. During the war the Royal Mail Company's feet provided six vessels-viz., the Orinoco, Severn, Great Weetern, ledway, Thames, and Trent; of these the four former have returned and are discharged from their duties, while the latter vill shortly be disengaged. In addition, this company have lying at Southampton the Atrato, the Tay, Tyne, and Prince, all of which are employed in the West India, Pac.ific, and South American mail 5arvice. Of the Peninsular and Oriental Company there rae in doeck the Colombo, Pera, Manilla, Alhambra, Aden, Rajah, Candia, Sultan, and Ava, screw, and the Ripon, and Tagus, paddles, the principal of which have been actively engaged throughout the war in the conveyance of the British army to the East. The General Screw Company also exhibit a a fine fleet of steamers, comprising the Indiana, Hydaspes, Golden leece, Jason, Queen of the South, Harbinger, Earl of Auckland, and Sir Robert Peel, most of which have materially contributed to the requirements of the transport service. Besides these steamers there are several belonging to the South-Western Company which ply between Havre and Southampton and to the Channel Islands. In miscellaneous craft we may mention the Belgian screw steamer Belgique, which has been under repairs at Southampton since January last, the Azoff, Osprey, and Norman (screw), the Hansa (paddle), and an Austrian tugboat of large power named the M-ars, which will shortly leave foz the Danube. This fleet, whioh is the largest ever congregated in Southampton Docks, shows a total of neaxly 54,000 tons burden and 12,000 horse-power. The future destiny of the vessels is now under consideration. The Royal Mail Company intend to sell several of their older ships, which in the meantime are to be moored in the SouthamptonWater, while the Peninsular Company will draught off a portion of their suitable screws to assist in performing the mail service in India. Had the Government decided upon adjudicating to this company the conveyance of the mails to Australia, they could immediately have placed efficient vessels upon the route. The General Screw Company's vessels for the present are to remain at Southampton, and their future use will, no doubt, depend upon the arrangements which may be made vith the French Clipper Company. The Firebrand, 6 guns, paddlewheel steam frigate, Captain the Hon. John W. S. Spencer, at Sheerness, got up steam yesterday, and was taken into the fitting basin to be diimasted, after which she will be paid off. The Brilliant, 20 gums, sailing frigate, Captain James A. Paynter, at Sheerness, is ordered to proceed to Halifax, for duty on the North American and West India stations. The Renard, 4 guns, new screw despatch gunboat, at Sheerness was taken into No. 4 dry dock yesterday, to be made ready for being commisAs6ned. The Johanni Danish vessel, R. Rasmussen, Master, at Sheerness, has commenced discharging the wrecked stores oi the late steamship Polyphemus. The following appointments were made yesterday at the - Admiralty- I Lieutenant Wm. Howorth, to the Plrincess Royal,; ieutenant L. Geneste, to the Brunswick; Lieutenant H. W. Browne, to the Colossus: Lieutenant St. George C. D'Arcy Irvine, to the Brunswick- F. Ramshottom, E. X F. Baxter, W. C. J. Blount, and i. Hartshorne, naval cadets, to the Princess Royal; W. B. M'Eardy, naval cadet to the Colossus ; E. Day, naval cadet to the James Watt; Edward Youel, master, to the St. Jean d'Acre * Andrew W. Mliller, mstrs assistant, to the Amethyst. Sir Charles Woodhad a levee yesterday at the Admiralty, when the following officers attended-.-Admiral George Raymond, Captain L. T. Jones, Captain H. Layton, Capt.ain F rederick Bullock, Capti'n F. D. HIuteheson, Capstain Gorge Hlathorn, Captain James Rawstorne, Captain Mfaric John Cnrrie, Captain Cowper P. Coles, Captain F. L. M'ClintQck, Captain Samuel Wriford, Colonel J. A. ]?hilip, R.M, Comaander John Claiell, Commander H. hL Elliott, Commander George Raymond, Commander F. E. Johnston, Commander Androw Smith, Commander W7. Hflevaine, Commander David Spain, Commander Walter Reid, Commander J. B. Ballard, Lieutenant H. S. Hamilton, Lieutenant Richard Hoops, Lieutenant Ceolin A. Campbell, Lieutenant C. H. Young, Dr. A. Bryson, and Dr. J. G. Stewart, [Advertisement.-Tie "Bravo ofTVeni5e-,"andth6 "Castle ot otratd;,o H oraco Walpole, ] arl of 0-ford. Newsmd chea, diin ne16d., tost free ls 3d. "A admirAble pictwre of domeahc5ifeWandmanersaduriagthe feuda times, aperfectapea1to that Eecret and reervedfceliGg of lose fot the marveola ando so - natural, which occupiesPhidden corer In almoet e-ery one.ns price is. 6d.,posvetfreeSw. "Marn ed. not Mated"lb Aiic6care author o " Clevernoko"&c. A weL-toldfand cle - eTerf W andwreu combined; -be conclien is gund and affedm=' * the Hosage7," byJS,I1ner, pniev is., dclth 21-s 6d. Arsnst aranis sand encaiaiersg ressahntae. "Corinne. o Ittaly n bome d Steite Cheap cdlitien,pricei. cledthis. 6d . cochldered on alihaud n7e of thessrybeznoveia ever yet anriiten. Lod Byeon nd other brlli._aucy. thewoinsrflcnceptlen oDf Cer7minneYIn Leaden Wae and ILock, I58, meet-street. , -
I ?- . -, : - ?:- -, ?4 ;------ , - t (Bom OUR OWN COTO mv. SE -- {St e *i ' D pjBTH THURSDAY MTiP AsYG. - TEEA Y Biha& 'et- b - Amotion was 'mnde iyesteidy before theI Lord thalsoehor, to ithe"flect tlieat. George M!l)6well, the.officialmanagerj be ,appointed a:reseiver,.over. ,thepersonal'and.veal'estates of -M. Fames Sadleir, and-that, in case of the inanager's. refusal to act,as such, it 'bereferred .t. the 'Master. to appoint another receiver. It appearea fiom -afidavits long -since sworn that Sadleir was possessed of large landed and personal. property in the cointy of -Tipperary. When the case was before. the Master of 'the 'Rolls it was -sworn ;in' ,an affidasvit that carts laden. with Jame3 Sadleir's If rjiAture. had passed through Carlow.. on thei' way to Dublin, where it was intended to dispose of the-property, and, under these :circumstances, his Honour granted an injunction. to restrain-James Sadleir or those actng for hiin from receiviing the rents of his estates, or disposing of any part of his personal property. After considerable difficulty the furniture in question was traced to the saleroom of a Mr. Dion, in this city, upon whom a copy of the injunction order was served, and that gentleman has adxmitted that the furniture in question was tho property of James Sadleir. James Sadleir was liable on account of 1,700 ashares in the Tipperary Bank, and on these a call of 401. each had been made by the offieial man ei; and it was'now sought, by the. motion before the Court, to prevent the property of James Sadleir, which ought to be made available on account of the call, from being made away with and disposed of by that gentleman. James Sadleir, as had been stated, was restrained from collecting the rents of his estatesc and unless some person was ap! pointed to do so irreparable injury would eb the result. In the course of the proceedings it was stated by a- solicitor that before James Sa&deir left the country he was advised to- assign all his property to the official manager, and that he (the 'soli3itor) was ready to'aasign -it at one .to 'Mr. 7ZDowell. .. The Lord Chancellor iald that there were queshiofis of great dfficulty raisel in this case, buit it did 'not appear to be necessary to dispose cf any of them on the view he took of the present application. Ultimately this cause 'petition might bedismissed, and if the case should turn out notto be within the act of Parliament the official manager would be entitled in his proceedings against defaulting shareholders to attach their property, and that of James' Sadleir in particular. At present itwas admitted that he was not in possession of the latter, and. that he had no direct means of obtaining the legal possession of it. He could only seek possession of it through the medium of legal procecdings against Sadleir, from Vowers given to hitm to enforce calls; and how long a time it would take to reaize those eals no one could precisely say. In the meantime what was the situation of the property * Sadleir was a fugitive from justice-he (the Lord Chancellor) was now authorized to say so, consideringwhat had takeen place-and whetherhewould ever be amenable ornothe did not know. His creditors, as wel as-those of the bank, were very numerouas. Tis petition had been filed, and he (the Lord Chancellor) did not Imow whother he had appeared to it or not. " 1.r. mt. o' "The Lord Chancellor.-lUnder those circumstances the Master of the Rolls had gfanted an injunction to prevent M1r. Sadleir from collecting the rents of his estates or collecting his personal property. The consequence was that all his property was left in a derelict state. with no one to take care of it, or having any legal rights against it. It might be, as his solicitor had announced, that he would execute a conveyance to the official manager of his property; but the validity of such a conveyance might be a very serious question, which might be raised not only in that court but by tenants and other persona against whom rights might be set utp founded on the conveyance. r'There might be a question whether, in the present peculiar position of Mr. Sadleir, he WaS competent to execute a conveyance of his property which would be legal against the world. The difliculties of the case were great; but the question was whether the property was to be left int in its present condition, without any one to take care of it; and no one that he (the Lord Chancellor) could discover would be prejudiced by its being taken care of. The suit prayed a receiver against Mr. Sadleir; and he not having appeared to it, he (the Lord Chancellor) was entitled to take it pro confesso against him. Tne officia manager did not represent him, and had no legal estate in these lands at all, nor could he have it until such time as he should be in a condition to get a receiver on judgments obtained by means of calls. In the meantime he (the Lord Chancelor) did not think he would prejudice anything by ma - g a common oTder for a receiver in the general cause; it appeared to him that that would be the safest course with a view to the preservation of the property pending the litigation about it. He felt pressed by the eat authority of the case chiefly relied on in sapport of tO g petition; while, on the other hand, he felt some doubts, which were yet not conclusive against it. A receiver being now granted, the interval would not be very long until the time when the cause would be fully heard, and then either the property of Mr. Sadleir wouli be thrown into the general funds of the company, or perhaps the suit would be dismissed altogether. ' In reply to an observation from counsel, relative to the sureties of Mlr. 'Dowel -as official manager, "The Lord Cbancellor said that the receiver-master would have the appointment of the receiver,and he would not prrejudge any questio n that woutld go before him;- but if ir. MTIlowell would undertake the receivership he did not Think any better person could be found for the offlce." Tlhe MIaster of the Rolis hass made his order in the appeal of MIr. Waugh against the decision of the MWaster in Chancery in respect to hnis liability to the payment of 40 shares in thae Tipperary Banik, and whlich he sought to be released from, on the ground that he had sold and transferred the shares t>o a Miss Charlotte iHalliday, a governess in his family. The MIaster of the Rollbs intimated at the hearing that he wvould requaire Mr. Waugh and Miss Hlalliday to appear mn court and be examined tnitv'toce, or that the former should make an affidavit explanatory of the circurnstances under which the transfer wras made. The matter not havingt been finally disposed of before the MIaster rose, he has made the following order: *'The Court refuses the motion with costs, havig dlirected Mr. 'Waugh to attend in colurt, to be' examined waisG roce, or to make an affidavit ex.;ulainiag the facts connlected with the transfer of the shares to Miss Halliday, and also having directed MIiss HIalliday to attend, and be examined vivd 7roce in court, and Mtiss HTallidav or Mr 'Waugh not having attended: or 3ir. Waugh madTe an afi- 'This is the last of those appeal eases whvich stood over for the decision of the MIaster of the Rolls. One of the messengers of the House of Commons .arrved in Clonmel on Tuesday evening, and proc eeded forthwith to the late residence of the fulgitive member for Tipperary to serve a notice requiring his attendance in the House of Commons on Thursday. This rather superfluous form has been followved by another, in the shape of a supersedexrs from the Crowvn and Hanaper officer, directed to the Hlon. George Prittie, clerk of the peace r1iflr Tipperary, requiring Mr. James Sadleir to resig n and deliver up the commission which he holds as a justice of the peace for that county. The wrrit is to be se-rved personally as soon as they catch him. 5)EAE OF d ROA OArEOLTO ISSnOr. The CorZ; Boamissss-announces the death of the titular Bishop of Kierry, the Right Rev. Dr. Egean, an unobtrusive and tolerant prelate. Hlehad preaided over the diocess for nearly 35 years, but for t,he lasDt fewvr ears he had, owving to his great age and infirmities, the assistance of a coadjutor. TE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 954 96 ;1 ditto, for account, August 12, 96 964; New Three per Cent. Stock, 96 964;ditto, for new account, A ugust 12, 964;* Bank Stock: 228 l '; D ublin an d Kin gstown, Railwasy D5ebentulre s, Fourr per Cent. of 100t. paid, 100; Royal Bank of Ireland (101. paid), 22,;- Grand Canal Comnpany (1001. paid), 41; General Mimug Zempauy of Ireland (-3t. paid)~ for account, 2; Mininlg Company of Ireland (71. paid), 14.4 ox. div. Railways.-Cork and Brandon eighths, 64 per cent, preference (6. os. paid), for account, 61A; Dublin and Belfst Junction (461. p aid), 47.4; Dublin' and Drogheda New Thirds (2al. paid), for account 24; Dublin and Wiclclow (101. paid), for account, 62; Great Southern and Western (501. paid), 674l; ditto, for account, 674;* ditto, eighths, 6 per cent. pref. (61. 5s. p,aid), 7i; ditto, 4 por cent. pref£ p aid in full (301. paid), 19g 4; ditto, for account, 194;Irssh South-Eastern (121.paid), 641 7; ditto, for acecount, 64 7; Midland Great western and Rboyal tCanal, half shares (2$1. p aid), 274; Waterford and lKilkenny (201. paid), 61; ditto, 6 per cent. pref. (41.10Os. paid), for account, 2 - Wfaterford and imuenick (5.01. paid). 2a; ditto, for account, 2OH; ditto, 6 per ceeut. pref. (10t. paid), 10.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES Sir,-The extracts from my report, quoted by " Veritsd' in his letter published in your paper of to-day, do not, in mnyopinion, prove what he desires; but they extlain, I think, what I meant they should-namely, that on tho 21st of April Ilearnt f-om the Esquimaux that a party of white men had perished far to the west, beyond a arge river; hut that it was only after my retuin to Repulse Bay, isn the latter pat of May, thit I was mde acquamted with particulars whuich enabuled me to Sit upon the locality w,vhere the dead were found, with any approach to cer- tainty.~ ~ ~ ~~i "Wlmao 'Veritas" is pleased to say that my note in 27wa patme of aesterdandis a "lame atter pt to justiefy my conduct." t is merely an exiplanation, and snot an attemcpt at jUstfcBtion, there being nothing to justify * for, vvere I placed in similar circumstances again, I would act .in a- precisely similar mnanner. " Veritas" attributes tomre " extraordinary apathy J; but apathy and indolence are scarcely compatGible with my proceedings on Arctic service, when, during two winters, I did what no other perior, has ever yet ventured voluntarily to attempt to do, and exposed myself and party to-therisk of death from starvation Fr d want of fuel for the prpe of attaiing an object of fariless interest and importance thin that of ascertaining the fateR of Sir JohnJFranklin and~ By gising thiis insertion ,ion will confer a favouit : 'Yonr nluwliert so,vant. JoHh BtAE - ILrnOOD, July 24.
I--N-BKW-WESBTMINsTBIERBRLvE. - - -: -. The followng i5 a c1oft Ie ort.wbci w az& presenti to the Houie o=n Wediiesda1y,l tIie d23,inst " That in183 3 a n at was passed, entitle, i;i to: transfer Westninster.bridge antl4e estaes of the ' Com.tinisssoersof Westnster-brideg to'the Coommonersof Her Majesty's Works and Pablio Bulildings, and to enable such last-mentioned commissioners 1to' remove the present bridge and to build a ne6i'bridgeon 6r nesr the site thereof.' jUnderthe' rovislons of that actthe 'corioration '-of the Conimis£ioners of Westminster.bridge. was dissolved. " The Commissioners of -eWrks.were inootporated for the purposes of the act. he properly of the old cororation *ras vested in the nConssoners of Works, with pIer to apply the same under the provsions of the Mct. ' - - "Thatnofunds beyond th6beso tnsferredhavebeenprovided by-the said act or otherwise., Thesaid commissoners were also authorized to build a bridge and mike'approaches thereto accordig to a plin refered to as the amended -Thtaplin is deposited-in the library of.teloso ofthe Houso~of - Commuons, sine by Sir Willians2oiesvwortb, Sir Charles Ba;,adM. Page, but it is not accompanied with any, dletale plans or drawfings, show,ing ths manner of constructing the piers or the worki generally.' *'The bill wnsreerrodto a select committee, andevidence was taken tlhereon. "'The mode of constructing the piers of the bridge was not brought fully to the ,notice of the committee; indeed, it would seem not to have been at that time de'ided on.- ;' ter hearing evidence the cotimittee decided, by the castng vote of the chairman, that the headway under the new bridge should not exceed. 20 feet;- 26 feet beSng the height; under the lowest of the other metropolitan bridges. i Thsdecision was affirmed by aw smal1 majority upon! a divisioni in a thin :ouse. "That, by the direction of the Commissioners of Works, a plaui (deviating in some points not material A=om the amended plan) and specifications were prepaed by Mr. Page. * It does uiot ippear that the plan so prepared, and proposed mode of construction, although novel, wus submitted to any other professional opinion. " Several of the principalfirms in the building and irontrades wereinvited to tenderfor the execution of the work, according to the said plan and specification. 01ny three oVf these firms sent inmtnders; - - . * " Thali a-'eontractwas enteed into with,tess. Mare and Co. to t7ziite thebworklit the end of April 1854, and they were commenced shortly after. . "That in September, 1855, te `contractors, Messrs. Afare, became bankrupt. " That the work was carried on by the assignees until the end of March, 1856, when it was entirely suspended. 1All the wituesses state the work appears to be very well done. ,est evr Thee p resentirst Conmmisoner to of 'Works, in conse-Redel and 3impson, on the 31st of March last, to inquire and report urofessionaily, among other points,- "1L Their opinion of the original scheme, 'and the'esaot nature of the scheme. "2. The desirability of proceeding with it. "The report of those gentlemen is before Parliament. Your committee have examined Messrs. Bendel and Simpson, and also Mfr. Stephenson, MEr. Hawkshay, and 3fr. Fowler, all civil engineers. The two gentlemen last named were selected by Mr. Page, who was also examined. "A written statement has also been put in by Mir. Page, who also had 'every opportunity of suggesting such questions as he deemed fit to the witnesses. was made by letter on the part of the city of Lonan tobe heard on the subject of the headway under the bridge. The late period of the session determined your committee to confine their inquiry to the proposed mode of construction of the piers, their sufficiency to bear the weight to be' put upon them, and how far such a construction can be considered permanent. " The description of the construction of the piers and plans thereof will be found in the report of Messrs. Rendel and Simpson. (Parliamentary Paper No. 318, Session, 1856.) "'The evidence has satisfied your committee that the proposed piers are of strength 'amply sufficient to bear the weight roposed to be placed upon them; that the pirs secure so long as the iron eastin" remains sound; that the iron casting can be replaced when.ever it may decay or be destroyed; that such a mode of construction is less permanent and secure than granite piers, founded deep on the London clay by meaiis of cofferdams; but it is less expensive, and can be carried out in a shorter period of time, and caues less obstruction to the navi"atioon of the river. " The changes that have taken place in the bed of the river and in the flow and ebbing of the tides of late years ought to have due consideration before determining the mode of construction and the headway under the bridge. " The witnesses examined before your committee differed somewhat in opinion as to the amount of any probable future chainge in these respects. " The report of the Select Committee on PubEc Offices, presented to the House during the sitting of this committee, contemplating extensive changes in the immediate neighbourhood and approaches to Westminster-bridge, has been brought to the notice of your committee. " Your committee are of opinion that, subject to the consideration of responsible professional advice to be obtained by the First Commissioner of Works, as to the security of the old bridge, the further progress of the works of the new Westminster-bridge should remain suspended until the Government have had an opportunity of considering and deciding on the advice to be offered to Parliament upon this last subject, when the site of' the niw bridge might be reconsidered in connexion with anv general plai of alteration and improvement of the neighbourhoods weas the all-important subject of the headway underthe new bridge. "'Your committee, findig that upwards of 50,0001. having been aldeady expended, subject to the foregoingremarks, subject also to some of the modifictions and alteratons suggested by the witnesses, are of opinion that the plan proposed might have been carried out.'
I PARLIAMENTARY NOTICES. I HoUsE OF COMMCONS, FRD.AY. JULY 25. Or.DERS OF TlE DAY. 5s115ops Ot London and DurhamRetirementBlih,-Thiad reading. Evidence in Foreign Soits BaL-Third reading. Sheep, &c.. Contagious DLeases rrevention BUa,-Third reading. Criminal Justice 8iD,-Considerstion of Lords' amendmLents. Poor Law A-endment (Scotland) Bill,-Consideration of Lords' amendments. Parochialtachool IScotland)Bifl.-Consideration of Lords'Amendmelnts. }ay and Straw Trade BihL-Third reading. Stoke-Poges Hospital Bill-Consideration of Lord's amendmtents, 2;OTIOE S O SOTIONSB. Mr. Boywer,-To ask by what act of Plarliament, or other authority. er ugorvha geound, two pensions to Caroline Cort and Catherine Lid on, for .S each per alnum, avoe been reduced to £19 each per annum, being i5 per centum, or £315 sterling during the last 25 years Mr. Corray-To ask whether the arrangemfents as regards the improvement of the comumunication between Londen and Dublin ae in such a state of progress that the publicnmay reasonabls expect that this important object wil be effected. Colonel North,-To ask if all appointments in India for which the officers of the Indian armay are ehgible, wiL be thrown open to Her Majesty's army. Mr. 1I. G. Langton.-To ask vvhether it is intended, previously to their entering upon the service. to test the speed of the steam vessels proposed in be employed under a recent contract in the conveyance of thmAuroia Sas seeing that by the copies of the tenders nowv before the House thetue occupied by the voyage from Suee to Mno elbomne will require a speed of I1 or I]' knots an hour, whereas the vessels tendered for the performance of the duty are set down at a speed of 9t,krits per hour only. Apr. H. G. Bnngton,-To ask whether, in order to insure the regular nerformance of the contract for conveying the mails between Suee aln& Australia, any claucseWMdl be introduced by which the contract will be forfeited in the event of the service not being performed within the maximunm number of days tendered for, viz., 59 days outwards, and 39 days homewards. Mr. M1urrough, -To ask wvhy the order for the return of divers documents relative to Tanjore, granted by the House on the 15th of April last, has not been iomplied vith. Mr. Muarrsugh,-Te, ask -whether the Casmatic stipends bave as yet been commuted for grants of lauid, or It Is in the contemplation of the Government to carry out a plan of commutation of such stipends for esanteofld - And, whether there is any heir, either lineal or collateral, to the late Nabob of tbe CarOatic, and, if so, whether he has made any claim to ncceed to the vacapt Nabobship: and, if£so, what answer tosuch claim has been gisen by the Co)urt of Drectors, and for what reason has the Gorermealeclaed tattbeabobhip hallcease te exist. Mr.irn ecli-lesrta of tShtenumbber of puublicbela,o and their tities. the orders for which, in any of theirstages, bare been discharged during the present aession, and the date of the discharge of each of reels orders. M£r. Bouverie,-3glt to provide for the union of the IJniversities of Ki{ng's College and biarisehal College, Aberdeen. the Government of India soad thhe tautehorintides of ethehReman2 Caholice Chrchprevious to and on the subjectof therecent endowment of the bishops and priests of that communion by the Governor-General in CounciL. Mr. T. Chambers.-31eturn of the number of quarters of malt in stock on the 3d day of July upon which the drawback has been allowed. Mr. J. . Smihe.-ToHuens releattve to the Bank of England. Mr.uneemen,tetuHrn ofjety'enumbernompient of thei rnedndaonto list cof the public departments aehrewf cmezdmentoeento tbi he yea 1e, tih nutber that hare died or become incapible of servioe durins the yenr 1866, the tha ae re-entee the publi servie drmmng the year. the num ber that hare been added during the year. and th number that omained on tne list at the clase of the year 1S55. Mar. Renedy.-To cdli the attention of the HIouse to the recent annonsiementeyHer Maanesty's Government of their intention to discontinue an alowance heretofore made to the bishops of the episcopal communion in Scotland, and to the legal disabiities not applicable to the ministers of any ether religious denomination in this country, to which the said bishopa and their clergy are subjected in common with the epuacops3 Clergy of thr united kingdom. r. Johan Bs3i,-Copies or extraots of any deapatches relative to emigatin otheAustalin coonis; aso,cpes r extrinactGus oftes patches relattve to emigration to the North Amerlanucolonies. Maj or R;eed,-To esli th e attenaion of the fsouse to certain declaratIons signed by a number of Acting Aseistant-Surgeons in the army. wvith reference to their having a gratuity of only twro months' pay en their services being dispensed with. hMr. HEleey,-n third reading of Bishops of London and Dnrham Retirement Bill to move, instead of the present preamble: "Whereas it isexpedient tomake previsionfor eertaiiiasnuai sums to be paid incsseof theresignation of the Right on. and RightItev. Charles James. Lord Bshbop of london, and tho Right Rev. Edward, Lord Bishop of Durham. respectively."
UNIV .RSITY INTBLLIGEYCE. OXTFORn. Jm.'v 9-q. * The following gentlemen havo been elected to the vacant demiships at Magdalen College :-Mr. Blunt, of Balliol Mr. Richards, of Trinity; Mr. Rivington, from Highgate School; and Mr. Steward, from Clapham School. Mr. Worsley has been elected " on the octave"-i. c., to succeed to a demiship in case of a vacancy within eight days. ____________________ ROBBING THY PATRIOTIC Fmmn.-On removing the box plaeed in the booking-offlce of the Great Northern Rtailway station at D)oncaster, fox t'he reception of penny subscaiptions on behalf of the Patriotiic Funzd, it was founcd that some mnean thief had rifled the recebtacle of its cpntents b 8sitting a hole in the oac ef the box, which is tmadeof tin, and forcinghis ha6diito the-aperture. It is believed a considerable sum of money ha been thus stolen for it was discovered that two pieces of paper (the Great No rthern Company's waybilla)hLad been, succsieypse over the hole just mentioned, indicating atlatwovis to the box by-the deprd , aid itw kn that a good deal of silvcrha 1 been put into it. .Tbebox has-been Geet Noretd herle; dandas ethe oiscvred at aDonistder are othn [withot seie clueto th identficatof o- the thief, -it in, lio~d bemayetLb- dicovrcd~andpunishe,dfor this,
-- - -.COUAT . -P.OA r O Q oU OIz.. tDh.the appi. o 1iclog t i hel o yo eI. L0RD MAYOR, On tAilng bis '--ve -to announce tothb Coifrt that-I have arranged with' Generatl Sir Wlliaxm, Ven;1;i* Williamsi Vin's that gijlantt and&dis.- .tinguished. . eil-bae in at hqid'nce at-lie et cout aided to hi'(Cme. s) ., ,,TE LQRD MAYOR.. .,¢. ',. Mr. T. -PAsn:rse >and asid,- y Lord Iayor, before proceeding with tht busite-paper of. the day, iI have to cravn -the indule-iceof this Courc for a, very few roments while p,resent to yqur Lordship. a requssition, numerogsly signe- by aldermen and other menmbers' of the Court of Comm on CoUnCi, and which reqxsitiosn ism these rwoiAla- iro i G idi HON. DAVID SALOOMON, ISRD XAYORE OF O0 . "May it please your Lordship; vie, the undersigned mem. :bersof thecorporation of the city of London, deeply sen-.- sible of-the able, dignified. anld courteous, mnaunnr ja hlch you discharge the impoitant duthe of chief m'gistrate beky respectfully to express our desire that the admirable portmit of your Lordship, by Hart, now in the Fxhibitionof}the leyal Academy, may be presented to the corporation, in order to its being permanently placed in Guildhall, not oily to cbmrmemorate and exemplify the freedom and equalty of our laws, but as' a lasting memosial of theL affection tnd esteem in which yon ire held by sour fUllow-citizens" ' (Ch4ers-) Now, my Lord Mayor; this.ddciunment ,ssoss for itself, and it would ill becomeme to detract from its value 'by one unnecessary observation (hear); indeed, it would add but little to the fame which by common conseut has been awardedto your Lordship were a humble individual likemy. self to expresshis admiration of the characteronWhich that fame has its foundation. Yet restrained as l am and as I ought, to be, by your Lordship's presence, I cannot sit down without congratulating, you, whose fath-er and grandfather were both citizens of London, on your acquirement of that high aud,honourable distinction tD which it is the lot of bunferto aspire, and which fewer -still can ev'r hone to attain. (Hear, hear.) That distinctionlis threefold-irst, that as chiet magistrate. of the griasest city in the world yon have given ample proof of your;fitneas to discharge those onerous and responsible duties inseparable from tame ,office; secondly, thlat being a. Jew;yoss have set such an 4tample of iorality, integrity, brotherly kindness; and ?charitytotbe-vworld at lirge as many-persons professing t~~f.ins~~e4~~wellaesim uita ii (how) -and I ti s6nA3ii6Vleast, you harve done'-mach to accele- ratethe time whei, wotrust, the intelligence, the wisdom, aye and the sense of4justice on the partof our Snte, will be at least commensurate with those of the nation, and when every test and every barrier that now intervene between the Jewish subjects and their rights and privileges shall bs swept away for ever. (Cheers.) My Lord Mayor, what clanges do we tsee in the nation in the course of a very few years-changes in its tastes, changes in its prejudices, changes in its laws, and changes in its syn. pathies ! Time was, even in-this-.ree and-happy lancd when the-jews were looked upon in the eye of our law as strangers and aliens, and were considered as living among us under an implied license, such as that which might be granted to natural born subjects who wers under proclamation of banishment. (Hear, hear.) So recently as, I think, the first year of the reign of Queen Anne an act of Parliament was passed giving tothe Lord Chancellor a jurisdiction over the property of Jewish parents under the miserable pretext of securing a settlement of a competent portion upoII their Christian children. I mention thns circunstancem erely wvith this view, that, although your Lordship well knows, yet it is not generally kown and it ought to be, that it is mainly to the exertions of your Lordship that we are indebted for the repeal of that odious statute and many others of a similar description. (Hear, hear.) But, although I say your presence restrains me front speaking in other than generalterms of your Lordship, there is one particular trait in your character which it would be highly improper to pass over im silence, ths more especially as we have in it the key to the many excellent qualities by which the public as well as the private life of your Lordship is adorned. Of coursre every member of this Court wFill at OnCe anticinDate that I allude to the ardent desires and unceasing efforts of your Lordship to exitend the blessings of education. (HXear, hear.) No one can take up the history of that excellent inshitut-,9n, the City of London School, wvithout at once discovering that you are one of its greatest bsnefactors, you havnDg munificently endowved than institution with an exhibition of 501. per annuns in pr)epetuity, and appropriately callir,g it the " Salomons Scholarsbip." (HCear, hear.) The success of that institution is, as wfe all knowv, dear to you.r Lordship's heart, f or you have always felt and sought on all proper oecasions to promulgate and enforce that great truth that- the common tendency of education is to transfornm awnd elevate the chiaracter of any people. It must therefore be highly gratifying to you to iind that those pupils of the City of London School who have enjoyed the benefit of the Salomons Scholarship have bees, without exception, highly successfel in their University career, and now occupy useful and distingu ished positions in the world. One word more, and I have done. Yonhave, in .a period of no common danger and difficulty, preserved untarnished the honour of the city of London,-thst city which has always been first to showits loyalty to the Crown,u and last to sanction any abridgment of the liberties of the people (hear, hear),-thsat city, in fine, which has endurred many attempts to curt.ail its power, confiscate its property, and impair its efficiency, hut has survived themall, and stands forth in all its integrity- "e assNone tall cliff that ifts its awvu form "nswels from the C ale andr Shdoo witease. t oe stoneds *Tren t h a en ud its ore.st the sluing Clouds are spread, "-Etral sunshine cetiles en its bead." 5Cheers.) I iam atraid t.atIoamnedoa trespassing upon the midulgence of the Court.- I vnil therefore, simply,if the CourtwillF ermitme, hand upithet requisition not doubtidnthat your Lordship will give to it a favourable answer. the Town Clerk then read the requisition, upon whioh The gOre trYOR, Twithevisible emotion, said,-I need not say to the Court how embarrassed I am, both as to the kInd spirit in which this matter has been brought forward andas to the answer I haveto give to it. If it be the pieasure of the Court to agree with the sentiments of those wothave signed the requisiion, I can only say for myself that the only daims I coumld po3sibly have to such a distin guished honour are the new andvery peculiar circumstances that attach to me. NTo doubt, there are circumstances applybigtome whlchhave not apple to any of my predC-- cessors. If they are honourable to me they are no less honourable to that enlightened feeding which has so long been prominent in this great city-namely, the desire that, as far as my fellow-citizens are concerned there should be no restriction upon any man to prevent his being elected to any public ofs ie which it is m their vower to awsrd. (Hear, hear.) If being so elected by you w have had the merit of being considewad equal to any of my predecessors, or in any way whatever have given you saitisfaction, I feel that not only has the choice of my fellowCitizens to the honourabie office I now hold been amply justified; hut it is most satisfactory te me to knowv that I enjoy the great honour and distincticn of your approval of my aumble exertionse. If yo desire sto t.mark this year to the humble inCividutl by any further honours, of course it is still mere gratifying, as conveying not only to posr,erity the individual whom you so honour, hut the ause you have thoughtfit yourselves to promote, as being founded in jstice, and as bein ing tehtimeny of the liberal feelings of the citizens of London. I need not say how gratified t shouldbein comrplyig with the request made to me. (Cheers. ) SITE OF THE LATE FIEE PP.ISON. Mr. G. Sc,tsna? aovec,-" Thatthe site of the late Pleet Prison having been vadant so many years at a large annual loss it is now desirable that it be immediately adapted to some ptrposotseful to tbe neighbourhood and profitable to the corporation; and that it be therefore referred to the City Lands Committe2 to take the nenlssary steps forthwith for letting the s.me on building lessue r" myr. ANDeRTo seconded the motiore, which, after being opposed hyMr. H. L. Taylor, was carried. DPISIYN( CATTLE THROIISs THE STREES. Mr. ABA:ELSra moved,-" That the byelaws of this corporation to prevent the driving of cattle, sheep, or swine through any street or road in the metropolitan police districton Sunday having been decided by a pollee magisrate to be invalid, and the inhabitants being ncommodec and annoyed by cattle, ac., b.eing dri.ven thraugh the said public wvays on Sunday, it be referred to the beroetsIlmprovement Comm7ittee to consider what measures it is advisable to adopt for suppressing the practice, and also for regulating the number of cattle, sheep, or swine to be driven in one drove, and to report thereo-I to thi s Court." Mr. isoBS secondea the motion, which, after a short discusson, was withdrawnn. A pr seof thefCourt begged to ask the Chairman of the carkets Improvement Committee, whether the bylaws relating to the c nttle-market at Copenhagen-fields woere net suficiently stringent to prevent cattle from being driven throNgh the public streets betw;een midnight on Saturday and midnight on Sunday. pr. E. L TAYLOrR.-The answer of that question, I am sure, ought to be quite satisfactory to the Court-namely, that there is a local act in the parish of Islington which, if only put into operation, would obviate all the evils resulting from cattle being driven throngh the public streets on the Eabb3th day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. ScatxEIf, in the absence of tr. Murrellt Imroved:"That the sum of p 0rei be granted by this Court towards the erection of a new church on ie nortoh-east side of the Metropoietan Catte-mar:et, between the Caledonian-road and the City Phrson." Deputy Lorr, in seconding the motion, said that great waiit of a church and spiritual instruction existed in the neighbourhood of the New Cattle-market. A temporary church which had been erected until a Eubstantial one could be built was overcrowvded every Sunday. The inhabitants of the splendid hotels in the market required a place of worship to go to (lauighter), and so did the inhabitants in the immediate neighbourh:ood. Mfr. DE JTrSEY moved the previons luestion, by way of amendment, and said the Court had aureidy negatived a motion of a similar naturo a short time since. 3Mr. H. TL TAYLOR, in seconding thie'amendment protested against the funds of the corporation being voted to the prpose im question. h MURRELL here eitered the cenrt, and said that church accomm,odation was required for between 110,000 and 120,000 persons in the neighbourhood of the market, and that there existed rt present accommodition for not more than l',000. The landowners-of the district had subscribed lberally to the purpose, and he trnuted that the corporation would do the same. Aiderman L^VRECRtruted thit the motion would be rejected, on the ground that voting a Stur of money -twards the erection of the church would be a very bad precedent. Mr. T. H. FP.Y said he would never suffer a motion of thiskind to come before-the CourtVVithoutenterin his earnest protest against it.-- He believedthatthefMds of th corporation were never intenDed 't6 beapplied to the buiilding of churches. (Hear, hear.) - The amendmentvwas carried by a considerable mnajority. The oriinal motion was thten ngUe! m l6Ctdl burned. - , , , negatived, -ad t -eCourt ad-
,,MRA 1AYAJW AND HIS CONSTrIUAI?NS. '5. :. . ! . '_ .' :A -Y1XSBURP UY y 2A. Ia,t night Mr. lAyard, one of the repreantati,,ei jiar. 'lazaent of this the county town of,i3okingharnsjr; mreseated himmW before hls,conatmtt,at apublicneejing held,in the County-~halu~e, to render. an accounti of ids Vublc conDu tct as their riepresentaitive during.:the 'sesidon Abu ~ Uminate, inpurskianoe oifA a rue. he,presckr1W~ for himself when they' r"eturiabd hint to:P eiam t." !he snietig*wasbut thinlyattended. Mlr. Acton Tindal was taled to reside, and that gentlemt n having assomeld-the chaXr and in _:fewlrbef observatio ntroduced MAr -I,, 'rd the andiencm;., &M. .. sD, . 'who - on preenting _hmacif 'ws, louuly heleretd, after a few. preliminary remarks, 'said, this year had passd, -,like Elny otliers, withut any' great servce .hasvng been rendered. to the country as far hon litic were concerned, but it Sas tso s regardequeseior,s.. of' foreign. policy. (Hear hear.) Eients; lad occurred within the lastfe* mntlnh woul tel on hisCountry 55' long as they lived, and of, wfhich the etwould probabi b1e felt for generations afterwards. He alluded, of course, to the conclusson"of the war 'liXJussia, and to the peade recent:y signed in. Pari His bpiruons'on the war bad been, to a certain extent, justi.'fi, and the prognostications he ventured to putforth aboutthree years ago hid beeni realized. England, and not oualy England, bue the greater part of iEsrods, felt- that Russia was assuiming a position in the belance of powrer in ]lurbpe zwhich was tending rapidly to deatroythat balance of power, ad with it the liberties, not on of Europe, but even ofthe worldatlarge. (Hear, hear. It was forthat reason that the war was undertaken; after the terminationof that ever-memorable siege effotware made to bring about a peace. He happened to be in Parson the day the peace was signed. ' They were aware that .fhe Brcnch (a'overrnaent were exceedinglyanxious thattbe ca shoald be.signed, and that they scarcely conceaed their readiness to: atke every sacrifice to accomplish that ob:ect. That feeling of the Government was encouraged, if rot brought a'out, by a general expression of sentiment in Frnce which mraniested itself in rejoicidnggon the oceasion of its signature which he couldscarcelycharecterize as otherth&n indecent and totilly univorthy a great nation. He did not mean to say that peace was 'not desliable. No man could hesitate between peace and war in the Abstract; but, unf.or. tunately, in France, the abstract questioa was only con.sidered, and the real interests involved iii it-were put aside altogether. No one could contenid that the pace which had been concluded had giveri entire satisfaction to the country. (Hear, hlear.) It was reoeivodwithout e-ithnssm and -was aco9pted i)nly because we felt thLat-we were not ' position to carry onthe contest single-handed. -H-e knew it did not give satisfaction.to Iiim; bhut- probably fbrbthe same 5easions which influenced public opiion, he did not oppose it,; and he would tell them wy. lWhen the-war was co- menced he thought we should have taken somenthing more' than the mere cause of Turkey into consideration, and that, we should have done something-more for the great Enropean principles at stake in the contest. (Hear, hear.) He had hoped our action would have extended much further than Tuilcey, and that many questions affectin- the happiness and liberties of millions of the human race wvouldhave been solved by this war.. That was a reasonable hope, uat it had been utterly disapDointed. We had gained something, no doubt, but he mainfained that what we had gained was unequal to the sacrifices we .hsd made. (Hlear, hear.) As respeoted the question of the Danubian PrincipalitiesMoldavia and Wallachia-those two provinces were occupied by between 4,000,000 and 5,000,000 inhabitants, speak. inga similar language, but differing altogether from that spoken in Russia, and professing the Greek faith. Those two provinces were or rather had been-as the reign of their princes had now ended-governed by two semi-independent Drinces, under the suzerainty of the Porte. Russia by certain treaties hada right, not of direct interference, but of protecting or rather guaranteeing a certan form of govemment in the principalities; and she used those treaties and t,hose privileges to establish a direct right to interfere in their internal affais, wvhich led to very serious and fatal results. *Whenever it suited Russia to Vick a quarrel with the Porte the firt- step she too, was to enter the principalities, -which she did on the plea of enforcing the privileges of the people, and so to excite sonue popular commotion. One of the great objects of the war was to prevent Russia having thisb retence of interference, and to abrogate the treaties which furnished it. This first point, he thought, had not been attained; nothing definite had reallv been done; the qestion had been left altogether unsettled; and that mnst o be attributed to the indecent haste on the part of the French Government to conclude a peace as quickly as possible. It was proposed at the conference that the principalities should be united into one independent province. That question was also deferred; so that, in fact, this question of the principalities had been left entirely undecided in Paris. Within the last two months he had been in Turkey, and had conversed with persons of influence connected with or well acquainted with the princi palities, and he was convinced that the opinions he had formed were correct, and that what he bad stated to them would come to pass. They were aware that a new frontier was to be given to Moldavia on the Russian side. The frontier line was settled by Austria, and included above a third of the province of Bessar,bia. We could, and ought he believed, to have demanded more; wve ought to have retained the old Bessarabian frontier to the Dneister, which furnished a good military and well defined line. The Russians accented the frontier asproposed byAustria,whichincluded muc^h valuable land, several places of inumortance. and would have been an important acquisition to Moldavia. But what happened? At the conferences in Paris the Russians pretended that the proposed frontier could not be carried out, ana they produeed a map, which there was every reason to believe contained a wrong delineation of the country. They proposed, that we should give up nea.rl-two-thirds-of that whnch'*ve hasalreadjagreea to cede, asd adopt "a -frontier line suggested by themselves. We had actually accepted thoseterms. The new frontier line included no valuable verritory, and was so drayn across-the marsbes- formed at the bnouths of the Danube, that access could' not be' had from one pointtothe otherof the cededterritory,whichwould be almost useless to Moldavia. Tne only acquisition was, that the mouths of the Danube were freeed altogether from Russian control; but she retained still a good military aggressive frontier, and could alvays intimidate the adjoining principality. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the second point-the navigation of the Danube-that had been undoubtedly secured to Europe, and he was happy to find that English enterprise was already taking advantage of that great opening. That was one of the good results of the war. Again, surely we ought to have done something for the Ci-cassians. It was a most ungenerous poliey, and utterly unworthy of this country, to leave a gallant people, who had for 40 years fought with very powerful enemies, to their fate. (Cheers.) There was no country in wnhich British enterprise and capital would find a greater outlet than in Turkey, and which ,vould make greater returns to us, and, therefore, it was essential that we should maintain the very best relations with the Turks. But he regretted to find that our policy towards them was only calculated to separate us from Turkey and to throw her into the arms of France. One of the first results had been the introduction of the French sytem of government and centralization into Turkey,which was utterly opposed to the liberty of a people. After explaining in some detail the reasons that led to his recent tinancial mission to Constantinople, hr. layard proceeded to state that already Russia haa commenced violating the treaty signed in Paris by destroying the forts of Kare, Ismail, and Reni, which she was bound to give un to the Turks. He also eommented upon their crael treatment of the Tartars in revenge for the assistance they gave us during the war, and ridiculed, as a thing for whi-h there was no precedent in history, the belief now so generaUy entertained, even by such statesmen as Lord John Russell and others, that Russia would now suddenly abandon her whole traditional policy and apply herself to the construction of railroads and the li-e. Passing on to the consideration of the Anglo-French alliance, he said our present position as regarded France was utterly unworthy of this country. No man was more anxious than he for a French alliance formed on an equal basis. but he would never consent to that alliance if the condition was a sserifice of the interest or the honour of England. (Cheers) Our position at this moment with regard to France was exceedingly dangerous, and unless we took care it would lead us into great difficulty. (Hear, hear.) He admired the Emperor of the French as much as any man, but he could not sympathize with the form of government he had introduced. Adverting totheunhappysocialand political condition of Ital,y, he (xr. Layard) said no man in his senseswosid deny the ensting stateof things there, excepta few who were under the lamentable domination of priestcraft, which appeared to destroy the moral sense that enabled men to distinguish between right and wrong. txr. Layard then pointed oat in some detail the reforms required in our military and administrative systems, to which, now the war was over, he hoped the country would apply itself; and criticised, by anticipation, the forthcoming report of the Crimean Board of Inquiry, which, he said, would whitewash everybodv wiso had been accused, and leave them in the enjoyment of their rank and promotion, while the only persons that would suffer would be Colonel TnlUoch and Sir J. IENeiil the commissioners sentaout to the Crimea, who had been leftunsupportedby those whoseintereststheyhadmade every 5aerifice to defend. He looked upon the Government of this country as a nure monopoly in the hands of a family party; but for that the people themselves were alone to blame, in not taking the bull by the horns and insistin upon a change. Inthemilitary service men had been taught that, unless they had counexione and insane by -wvhich they could bring thdir merits before head-quarters, they could alone seek for justice through the public press. Henc-e men of every grade in the army wrote to 2Vsc Titmice and) other newspapers, instuead of applving to thbse who sbould be their protectWors; and it would befondthatin aimost every case where promotion had been given to such as gained it by merit alone it had been obtBned through the aid of tha publcpreas. (Cheers.) He would say, all honour to nc T2iS forhavingcome forward and supported those who deserved well of their country. The people could never be too grateful to that journal for all that it did for them during a great national crisis. (Cheers.) The hon. gentleman bnefly reviewed the appointment of the Dule of Cambridge to the chief command of the aramyon whom he passed a high eulogium-from which appointment he looked earnestly for an entire reform of oU1r mil ysstem. Passing on to thesubjectof administrative reform, he aclnowledged that it had led to several im?prtant improvements, bu confessed that he regarded it as almost a hopeless matter unless the Parliamentary constituencies would bestir themselves and give a strbng and unmistnLeable expression of tEe pope lar opnion on 'the subject. Ir. ILsyard, in <conclusion expressed I hope thatsvotesisiParliimethad ven satisfaction to' his constituents, and was much cheered at th concludon of hli speech., ;ar. . GrBBS, an elector. exprsed in flattering ts his approbation'of the Parloimentary conduct' of Mi- LA. jard,which, besaid,'hadtended -to advano dciiil, eoin-' mescial, andeEligious freedonm, while hebad never given'onetiote-adaer6tothelibertiee-of the people.' (CheerL) : I MR. I DiCEEBu, thoughdepreating the tronghanker'ingwhichi'lIfayardhad for therprple neverte 'less hrstily approediis'pubic conduct generally, and - ':moved, amid mu- h cm ahes e re . 1 see itfr,onfiidagnhm i, X he mnodion wls.M I f jfej *words froa Mr. . WxWso'm W 4 aeeam.o2. nd. MpLore d. acoomp st prers, iitiridfromthe-baLl
t*. THE PXII I - X *- - I i J By the.Peninsular sni Oriental Coxnjn: e " Theg, ueMin 77 Chist gen,. :ii Pen arem*ai,' tburge~o Is Iaeit3o1toUn,Eq, &dmi y; gen~ is : b&sve dai;efroc!iGibraltr of July 15;Cmii:, lGj Lisbon, 19;. Op orto .aid Vigo, 20. .The Tmcsbrne fgs7psseg ndionf£eght10lOackae - of specie, vahs2,2421., and a caro consing of 25 che st of lemo,s, 8 basets of onions, 5 casks of -wine, -and 33 prckWag 'ofgeneralmenra dis , , Dering; -vovyage ViaTages experienoedfle weaither. The Pennua ad Orienal Copany'stener MadridE a rinpa at pigo on the 20th ins. with the" outward Penn* sular mal. Thc Eagh stemer lRebid waslso u a go. On the 22d the Tagpased the lstierl for Alx ndri, with the *ndia and Meditranea mails.- The Thgos left the Prench mna-of-war Prince Jerome anOhoredat lIsbon on the 19th. The ing :of Porug, accompaaiea by his father ana brother, pisida t to that splendid ship on the 17th, and met on board the British, !rench, and P.usian3Enis*. The lisbam exchanges at 3 months re quoted this mni at 54. on Londoia, with a scarcity of bills; Hamburg, 481; Amrsterdem, 43}; Genoa, 518; and Paris, 522, paper gene. rally being unequal to the demand. The stock-market wa firm and fewv sellersat 43i to 44 for Three per Cents; Bank of Portugalshares, -493 to495milreWs emch, ex div; asn Oporto RDAnk shares' 19to 20 per pent. premiunm. The following is our Lisbon corteepondent's letter of the 19th- 'The King has resolved upon cloeing te. Co~rte per- sonallyt-morrow evening, by which time all 2bslcuty.. necessary bills will be votelin both Houses. 'Thei-e ii -Ds end to *e number of bis which have p aed the Cortes -without oppsition dtinghe last few days iats j Were.int5dVoed, or slpportea t late abinet. ..Tbe_. chan-e oi Ministers seems to have had the 3ngical effect o altering the nature of many of these bills, which formerl ment with such serious animadverdoio, and theagreement between :V Fontes and 3r. Thornton for quoting PorttLguese funds upon the Stock-Exchange proves such tobe thc case. That biMl had, under the previons Cabinet, met with great opposation in the HoIuse of Depaties, and the Emisters resigned rather than discnW it with the Peers. It was, however, delar to me at the time that the opposition was directed moreagain the men than against the measure; and I stated my co,. viction that it would pass as it stood, provided Mr. Thornton refused the modifications which Mr. Rumballentto negotiate with himinLondon. Such has now beenthecase. The Government, in the absence of any acceptable maodiification, foand itself under the necessity of exhuming the bill from its oblivion in the committee-room; and it was approved by 26 peers aginst fLve, the political opposition. previousy organized against it having left the House. "The terms of the agreement respecting the quotation upon the Stock Exchange have not been altered at all; but, as the loan projected by the late Cabinet was named in thebill, and another smaller loan has since been substituted, it had to be again passed through the Lower House, where it was YestAIday finally approved by 62 against 8 votes ; and therelbre Portuguese stocks will shortly be once mnoreofflcially recognized in the official quotations of the StockExchange, anid Portugal may possibly find British capital for her railways, if prudence and honesty be observed here towards tle foreign creditor. " The bill for authorizing the Government to lend theSantarem lailway Company 102,0001. Unon its unappro. priated shaires has also been voted, with a clause which extends to the 30th of September, 1857, the period for the completion of the line. The committee of Deputies still advocates in its report the purchase of the Santarem line by the State, as a means of facilitating a contract with other more wwerful parties to carry it on to the Spanish frontier. " Te cases of cholera have been very imited here, anc they are now barely half what they were 10 days zgo. r amn, however, sorry to hear the ksrchioness da Ribsira Grande wnustaken offby it early this morning. Her Excellency was a very amiable and charitable lady, and it is thought her excessive fear, which led her to remove suddenly from her own palace to alesshealthysituation,was the principal cause of her being fatally attacked.
THE CHELSEA BOARD. I o THE EDrToit-op THE TInES. Sir,-In the debate thattook place on the Crimean report in the ouse of Commons, on the 2-2d inst., &r. Villiers mong othe~r things said, "that he hadleant that every one of the genmralofficers at Chelseaws of the samne political party as the Earl of L;can, and, besides, that there 'w & gentleman 'who actea as private eeretary to Sir A. Woodford, who was in the room the whole time the doors were closea, h2 D, 3s he believed, sa apriv"Iefriend, and as he knew, was a strong poolitical partsan of the hoble lord, so that be hal uveIytg in hEs favour, and the noble lord's j uages, the yrhoha tned himx anid 'who judged and acquittfet ini, 'were all his own political piitisa." Inyonr leading article of the 23d, or; the Crimean report you haebsen pleased to inert the above paragraph in in-' verted commas. With regard to the political opinions of the general officers at Chelsea, I cannot have any comment to make but having acted as miltary, and not rivate secretary, fo Sir A. Wo'dfnrd, I have to complai of the innuendo that ei.her as a private friend, or as a strong political partisan of' Lord Lucan. in anyway interfered "sothathe everythig in hiE favour." A to the charge of being a strong political partisan it is a gratuitous statement on the part of Mr. Vimiers, and one which is ut'erlyuntrue. I nevertook anypart in politics. It is perfectly true that I may consider myself a private friend of lord Lacan, having known him for upwards of 30 yers, bet I most positively deny that I ever, on any occasion, allowed private friendship to interfere with my duties. I 'was, like Mr. Villiers, the servaut of the Crimean Board-a boamd composed of officers of the highest distinction, and it 'would have been highly indecorous on the part 6f a lieutenLant-colonel to have intruded his opinions on seven generals during their private deliberations on the evidenoe id before them; and I distinctly deny having in any 'way done so. Unfortunately for me, I have not the opportunity of refuting the charges made against me by Mr. Villiers bv a statement .in the House of Commons. if I had, Mr. lVillers's language 'would, probably, have been a-little more guarded, and r certainly should not have taken the trouble of replying to his charges had yon not quoted the paragragh referred to in your lesoing article. I am. Sir, vour obedient servant. I .1 EDWARD BAGOT. I -, % 1- E V -
1 T( YI71E EDITOP OFP TE TIMES Sir,-A curious specimen 2{satural His6tory hasa for the last month kept the neighbourhood of Wathasnsow andl Ieyton, in the greatest wondaer and exctement. In aMroF adjoiningi the Lea Bridge-road, on the premises of r.F. Barclay, IIwhere some hundreds of people have visitedl," has been heard, a quazckin mtilar to that of a duck. On Saturday e-ening a gentleman seeinkg somiethingxipple across the vi-te- he strack it. with a large stick, after which nothing was further heard., Mr. A, Fordhaan who was. Ipresent at the time, visited the p)ond at 4 o'clockon Sunday I morig ad o-n clearing aside some of the weeds, found nearly dead, a fine specimen of the Ornithorycus, or duck. biUed pitms, wieh is now in the possession of :x. W. Mors ataralist, Leyton. W. TAYTON. . I Jeyton, J aly 24.
INFo:n.rrY i TuE 2vGi2sEs *F Vonp-R A33, immense number of voters on the register for tbe West Riding of Yorkshira have thisyear had thoir names objected to on a point of form. Three or four years ago objections. were tasen on a large scale by the Conservative party il Lancashire to the entry in the second column of the reister of voters, headed "Place of Abode ' the ground o objection'being that the descrintion of 'he place of abode was insfficient. anid that instead of the name of the street, or the number of the house and name of the street only being descrited, the name of the township in wnich the voter resided oaght to be added after each voter's name. The reiigbarrister allowed the objection 'and struc'k out all the oe objected to. At the next revision for the West Riding o.. York the ihberal partybrought th:s quesEion before the revising berrin gse, who held an oppoeta, opinion to that oDf the South lancashire rev.sng barristers, so strongly, indeed, that although there were. only aome dozen objections talken on the point, and solely'to test the question, tho Liberals were fined on two of them. These confficting decisions rendered it inoperative that the opiniot of the superior court should be taken on the o'nt, anid, with tle concurrence of both the leading poitical prffes, a case was fraimed for the at the MeZBing Barristers' Court at dford tLru7y . The case was heaim and duly arued in the court of appeal, anml he ILArd Chief Justica delivered a decision, in -which Justices WiRfliaus, Crowder, and Wiles concurred, to the effectthat the descriptionofavoter's place of abode, vithot the name of the township inwbich herdes, in the'colun of the. register headed "'PIace of abode," is insufficient.. This decision has rendered it neesary to xe-claim in aUl cases of insuficient description of reidence, andhenee the namerous objections wich appear on the pre,ent -list for -thestRding. Of course, new cims have been sentsin on behalf of Llthe pesons objected to on this technical ground. Tnl ArryuAy AT ALlxRsHom-The militr inqaisy into the causwhich ledto the daaieSrous quarrel betweenthe2d German Juers mid the da.n of the4Ltt.I' -93dRegimentr te.rminateo T;efesiay. at AIdersbott. ,-Th* decisiont wich the Court ariveda tU o- - h at, zo6tX:Uztl<'ipartes r.all MA?.-M :' - O r; are glad,, howover, that the German ofc~r,jigt ek sideiaint ri ulanohrout j 04I and that Ai wa thei 'wah toltofsiIIa~telnhe rei much sa poeseible reftained fo ~igs n hre I. inst the- r,iet frmwih'temr i hi 'corps had suataizedsc eiu nure.Te<on. Gemn4 'dci*' *r naalteXigibaa -diea~,-tAraearsfrasutn hm'hj h uhd,
PARLIAMENTARY DZWLIGEN7EA - HOUSE OF LIDS, - TRuxYY , JumY x4.: Lord MfOTAGLE'pEf ptitin65 from. the Anglo. Biblical Socety, prafDg ior a revisio!L of the present authorfzed tralation of the Bible. > Tne noble lo;rd said that he doubted very much whether it was expedient to comply -with the prawer of the petition. ' TrE MUTflNY OF THE TIPPERARY N=L1A l1 Marquis oF' CLANRICARDIE hsked whal course the overnMment intended to purtne with' regard to the tiutV neer'at Nenagh 2 The noble marquis added that he could not omit the opportunity of expressing lW,S high opinion of the energy, promptitude, and decision displayed by General Chatterton 2n putting down the mutiny. Id. PANMURE aid that in tho course of the i;utiny various acts bf a serious character had been comniittedba the mutineers including one case of niurder andasveii case of serious assatult, and thece would be delivared over to the civil tribunal. He had lately received informiation from. Ireland which led him to believe that the principal ,offenders bad been identified, and that there was every oxpedtati6oi of tBeir being biought to justice. Those offenders who had beenrguilty of peely miittary offences would be dealt with by military authority. It was' but right to say that the behavious-of the rest of.he Irish militia hbd been admirable, and he had the autbority of the Irish Secretary for atating tht'these regiments, which hadbeen disbanded bad returned to their homes perfectly eontented with the terms on whichi they had beenL dismiscsed. He quite sgrsed that the energy. zeal, and promptitude with wich General Chatterton. had discharged hsis painful and responsible duty were beyond all pBfise. o Tne Earl of ELLENBOROUGH said, he had that morn-. ing been examinings ome papers in reference to the militia, -whid enabled him to confirm the terns of prais'e in whict the :noble lord the Secretary for War had spoken of the Irish militia. He found that, while the dsertions, or, more properly speaking, the absences from, muster bad been 231 per cent. m the English militia and 20 per cent. in the lcotch militia, they had been less than p-er cent in the Izish militia. In the same manner, while the enlistiments into the regular army were 71 per cent. from the English militia and 141 from the Scotch, they had been 21 per cent. fronm the Irish rmilitia. So that the Irish militia wan incomparably the most valuable militia force of the three. L4ORD RAGLAN'S STAFF ANTD THE LEGION OF HONOUR. 16r4 CALTHORPE said. he wished to ask the Secretary -o War a qnuestion in reference to the recent distribution of the. Legion of Honour among the officers of the Engdish army. He had recently read a list of 'hose offioces, and h. was surprised to find that not one of the aides-de-camp of the lato Lord Raglan was inclutded in it. After the hattle af Inkermann the Emperor of the Freneh notified to Lord asgian his wish to confer on him the highest rank of the legion of Honour, and to bestow decorations on the officers of his staff. Lord Raglan, about the end of November or the beginning of Decem'ber, wrote to the English Government to obtain their permission, but he obtained no answer until aboit five weeksbefore his death-an interval of six months. Iter the death of Lord Raglan Marshal Pelissier intimated to the French Government that it wouldbe proper to bestow sonie decorations on his staff as a mark of respect to Isim This suggestion was apDroved by the Emperor and it was communicated to ^ the En-lish Governmert, but nothing more had been heard of it. Wben it was considered that the French Government had intimated their wish that the decorations should be distributed as a mark of respect to the memory of Lord Raglan, be was justified in saying that the exclusion of these officers from. the number of those who received the decorations appeared like a slur on Lord Rsn's memory. He therefore asked why the names of these ofncers ;were omitted from the list of those recevingthe decorations, and whether the English Government had not received some communication from the French Government with respect to their wisbes on the subject? The Duke of CLEVELAND adverted to the services of Colonel Somerset and other officers on Lord Raglan's Staff, and could not help thinking that there had been some mistake in this matter. Colonel Somerset was constantly employed, and was in constant communication with the three French commanders-in-chief, and heard them distinctly say i that it was the French Emperor's wish that all of Lord. Raglan's staff should receive the decoration of the Legion of Honour; and after the battleof Inkermannit,was stated that lord Raglan would receive the highest decorations and that the officers of his personal staff would also receive decorations. Lord COLCIESTER thought that these decorations were 2 ven away in rather an incautious manner. A friend of hs who commanded a line-of-battle ship, had received honours from his ovwn Sovereign, but in the distribution of these French honours he was passed over, while the first lieutenant of his ship received one, though that officer, however deserving, had never been on land service. Lord PANMf`URE said that the distribution of military honours always gave rise to some dissatisfaction. With regard to the distribution of the French orders, he wished to state that he did not undertake the responsibility of that duty. The names were selected by Generals Simpson and Codrington. Consequently, the blame, if any, for the selection could not rest on the Government; but, at the same time, he must add that ho was quite convinced that the English Generals had made the selection conformably with the rules of the service, and had acted with impartiality, taking into consideration, no doubt, the rewards already distributed by their own Sovereign. With regard to the intimation stated to have been made that decorations of the Legion of Honour would be given to Lord Raglan and his staff, no trace of a correspon. dence on that subject could bo found in the Foreign-office or i;n the War Department; hutsa communication on the point might have been made in Lord Baglan's private correspondene. He could not consider that any slur had been thrown on the memory of Lord Raglan, for there was not an officer on his staffwho had not received one or two steps of promotion, or the Companionship of the Bath. With regard to Colonel Somerset, that offlcer went ont as lieu. tenant-olonel on Lord Raglan's staff. He had only just received his lieutenant-colonelcy, and was too young to be promoted over the heads of a vast number of lieutenant-colonels who were seniors to him. IHowever, he was made a C.B. It was impossible that the General Commanding-in-Chief or Her Majesty's Government could be accused of having shown any disposition to cast a sIur on the memory of Lord Raglan. The Earl of ELLE2'IBOROUGH could not understand how any officer could desire to wear a decoration vicariously (bear, hear), not on account of his own merits, but on accountof the meritsof thegeneralunnderwhom he had served. Hononra were valueless unless they were bestowed for the services of those who wore them. At the commencement of the last war he had laid down the principle-the only true and correct principle-that no man should receive a decoration except for service under fir. A decoration given for any other kind of service was a deception upon the public, and did no honour to the gentleman who received it. He knew several good officers who were entitled to decorations under general rules, but who had refused to wear them on the ground that they did not come within the principle he had stated. He had heard that aU the seamen employed in the Baltio fleet were to receive decorations. 'Why, hardly any of those men bad the opportunity of being under fire; hardly 300 of them were ever within reach of ehot! It was no fault of theirs, a;3d they had rendered great services in another way-fighting was almost the least part of a sailor's duty-hut they were not entitled to a medaL To give them a medal would be contrary to all t¢he principles on which honorary distinctions were granted by nations for the purpose of encouraging military ambition. Hle had read the list of Peraons who were to receive honours from the French3 Government, and there seemed to him to be a profound misconception as to the relative value of the individuals on whom honours were to be bestowed. This was not the first instance, for at the close of the last war the same thing w-as done to a limited extent- beLt he hoped it would be the last instance of an interchange of honoos between nations; officers should look to their own Sovereign, and to their own Sovereign alone, for the honoursithey earned by their service In the field. (Hear, hear.) That was the true principle, and any departure from it was likely to lead to mischievous results. The Duke of CLEVELAND remarked that the officers to whom he had alluded had been under fire. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH understood the noble lord who bad commenced the discussion to complain that a reflection had been cast upon Lord Raglan by no honours beinggranted to the gentlemen upon his staff. He inferred, therefore, that they claimed these honours in consideration of the services of Lord Raglan. Lord CALTHORPE s&id that the servicesofLordlaeglan's aides-de-camp had been seen and acknowledged by all the French commanders. -The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH observed that aides-decamp were not, generally spealing, ill-treatedmen. (A laugh.) They usually received a l2rger share of promotions and lionours, and were subject to less hardship than regi3mental officersm The subject then dropped. MARRIAGE LAW (SCOTLAND) AMENDING BILL. The LORD CHANCELLOR moved that the Commons' nmendments to this hill be agreed to. Lord PORTMAN referred to a standing order of 1707, by which the Lord Chancellor was obliged to explain to the HIouse any amendments made by the Commons in bills sent down by their lordships, and was glad that the noble and learned lord on the woolsack generally observed that rule. He rose, howrever, to give notice of his intention, next session, to move that no amendments should be proposed on the third reading of a public bill unless such amendments had been print,ed. Tho LORD CHACELLOR thought some functionary ought to be appointed by both Houses of Parliament for the purpose of taking carethat the amendments inserted in bils were consistent with the objects of such bills. The Commons' amendments were then agreed to, The following bils passed through ommittee :-Hospitals (Dublin) bill, Burialgrounds (Ieland) BiD, Lunatic Ayums Superannuaon Irtland) Bill, JoinSSktock Banks 1The following bills were read a third time and pased Inoone and Lafnd Taxes Bill, Stamp Ducties Billr li o Dluty Bill'; CosstgLinrd Service Bill, C-orrupt PraticUbes PreVention Bil, General Board of Health Continnc Ril.' 3iilit Fay Bill, ureator Baron of the Exche-j- Lunatic AsyIuniz Ant Amendment BiUl. DeIos-o cotland) BIll, iudicial Procedure, &c;[,e . *(Scot Bil 7?IfIsmge anvd R Wegmatration Acts Amdp le BSi Criminal .irdice Bill, Poor Lees Ansendment,I&eotlidj .Bi, and 4<eztI of Appeal in Chancery (IrelanalfiL IEIWNTILF LAW AMENDMJ ,LL The LORD MANCELLOR' deeply regttedthtth- House ofa Common had thought fit to reject acl in this bill which had. been strenuously opposedin?ths bons, as hbeir lfp ips iwolind mpmber, byLoadOverstone, Ne, howver moedthat the Commone amnendments to the bill ,le agreed ,to. t. . -The.motion was cartrid ste,con . n O -- PAItOCeIAL SOHOOL (SCOTr D) BLL On1 the ionsideratioo. of the'" CJoimoiia' .ai neirenta'to one of their lordshipse amendments, and their2 'resbfilafor disagreeing from r veral of the' Lord' amendments," ' , The Dk eofX ARGYLL said, hW was sory f n that; the noble duke (of. B;a6cleuchJ' intended to persit in the amendmeni s he had succeded . introdueing inthis hour,1, ot withstanding the disagreenietof the Elouse of Commoas -from those amendments. .nowing, however, the. autho-. :ity which the noble duke-posaes,ed with their lordship, ,and thbt h comnmanded a majority of that House hb (t h Duke of Ariyll) should not thinlk'it. worth while to trouble theirlordihips with'adivision --b' t would simyly sAy, "Not, cbontent' to the mnotion Elat this' Rouse do insist upon tho amendments -mad by theum in 'thu bil. In his opinion, the prineipal fault inthe presiit bil -as, that it gave to the Beritors too much poeer in-the choice of schoblmasters, and not 1ket-qnogigh to the ratepayr. He felt boand to .xpress his regre- that the measure had not been accepted as a conmpromise, with the vieW'of affecting g settlement'of the question. . The Duke of .BUCCLEUCiI thought that the compromise referred to by tbe n6b16 duke was, in point of fact, the yielding up of the greatprinciple upon which the parochial schools of Scotland were established. He linew, that it was attempted to put the screw upon those who took- the same viewa s himself, by sa- g that if they did not accept the bUlL3as it' was they wrould injure the nos. tion of the schoolmasers, but it was upon such princpIes thatlegislation oughttobe bcndscted. As to ginng mo're power to the ratepsyers, he could only say thaUtin some parishes in Scotland there were no ratepayers at. all, and it wrs only fair that the heritors, on whom the brdaen of sup. porting the schoolmasters was placed, should have the selectionof them. le could not imagine what could be a more | natiol system than the present system, for it was notori. Ione that throughout Scotland the parochial schools were attended by children of all denominations. The noble r duke concluded by mov.ing that their lorls'hips insist on t their owvn amendments, with the exception of the first. Lord -P'ANMURE said, he was afraid that the opposition to this bill rested on an unfounded opinion that it was chiefly advocated by tho Free Church of Scotland, but, in truth, it mattered little to that church, as a church, vhether the bil passed or not. He should not abandon the hope that, at some future time, the parochial schools would be placed on a more reasonable footing than at present. Afterafew words from the Earl of HADDummTOS, the tords iistedipon ad'hering to their auenudment continuing the test The House then a4dourned at 10 minutes past 7 o'clock.
HOUSE OF COTIhfONS, THURSDAY, JULY 24. The SPEAKER took the chair at 12 o'clock. The Cairness Estate Bill was read a third time and passed. NEW MEMBER. Captain STUnT took the oaths and his seat for the borough of Dorchester. BISHOPS OF LONDON AND DURHAM RETIREMENT BTTL. On tho motion that the Speaker leave the chair and the House go into committee on this bill, Mfr. IIADFIELD rose to move that the House resolve itself into committee that day three months. He said that he belonged to a class of Her Majesty's subjects who had no temporal interest in the church of England, ex. cept so far as the temporalities of that church were contrary to the spirit of true religion. It seemed to him as if Parliament was monopolized by one denomination of Christians. Nobody appeared to bear in mind that the church of England comprised only one-thirdl of the population of the united kingdom. Of the 27,000,000 of inhabitants 9,000,000 only were members of the established church; the remaining 18,000,000 consisted of Roman Catholics, Nonconformists, aud the established Presby. terians of Scotland. Yet there was this peculiarity, that while Parliament was constantly engaged ia discussing questions concerning the temporalities of the church of England, the remaining 18,Q00,000 of the people never troubled Parliament in any way respecting pecuniary assistance except in two very insignificant cases. The days were gone by when the character of a bishop of this realm was not to be made the subject of public discussion. The halo which it had been attempted to throw around bishops and the sanctity with which the State had sought to invest them, excited in him no sympathy whatever. When, therefore, the Bishop of London came before the House, the only light in which he contemplated the rigbt rev. prelate was that of a fellow-citizen and a fellow Christian subject. He apprehended that the right rev. prelate did not stand so high in the estimation of theEnglish peop'e as some hon. geutlemenwould represent, Neither as a scholar, as adivine, or asa oublicteacher, did hestandon equal terms of competition with many eminent Nonconformists, The general opinion was, that ho carried his high church principles and his bigotry further than the enlightened state of the ageiwould allow. He believed it was a fact that many of the votes given yesterday in support of tho bill were for the purpose of relieving the diocess of that right rev. prelate's supervision. By a recent act of Victoria it was settled that the salary of the Bishop of London should be 10,0001 a-year, whereas the real amount had been stated, on good authority, to be 22,0001. a-a. Tlhis was suffered to take place in a church to which belonged 10,000 clergymen, whose annual incomes did not exceed upon the average 1001. per annum. (Hfear, hear.) This right rev. prelate was formerly a schoolaster. He (Mr. lHadfield) mentioned it to his honour. Every man wvho raised himself by his industsry, integrity, and abilities was entitled to respect; hut surely such.a gentleman was not to besallowed, after having had the administration of the vast territorial revenue of 29 000. a-year, to retain on his retirement a suam of 6,0001. Whv, the President of the United States only received a salary of 6, 0001. a-year. The noble lord at the head of the Government had only 5,0001. a-year. What had the public done for that noble lord, in a pecuniary point of nvew, whose services to the country were infinitely superior compared with tbose of any of the bishops. (Hear.) The Popeof Rome received for his personal expenditure 1,6001, a-year. (Hear, hear.) The Cardinals of Rome received 4001. a-year, and the catholic bishops in this country, who worked in a way that no Eniglish bishop worked, received 3001 a-year. Notwithstanding that, this right rev. gentleman, who was now in possession of such a territory and in the receipt of such an income, called upon the House to stipulate with him that he should receive 6,0001, a-year as a retiring pension. The rigbt rev. gentleman once held the bishopric of Chester, the income of which was 3,0001. a-year. He held it for four years, and was then translated to the see of London, which he had held for 28 years. Four years at 3,000 would makeL2,0001,, and2S years at22,001. would make 616,0001. That was the sum which had been given to the Bishop of London beside the patronage he enjoyed, consisting of no less than 97 livings, and which were reported to be worth 70,0001. a- year. Let him call the attention of the House to this fact, that alt this worldly wealth was at the dispos-l of a disciple of Christ-the Divine Minister of mercy, who came into the world ushered in a manger, and who died on the cross-who wrought miracles to raise tribute money, and whose great disciple Paul worked with his own hands, that he might not be a charge to any man. (Hear, hear.) With respect to the Bishop of Durham, he had enjoyed an income of 5,0001. a-year as Bishop of Chichester for several years; and hisep rsenticome was 16,0001. a-year. He had held his see for 20 years, sO that he had received altogether a sum of 320.0001. The act of Victoria relating to the incomes of the bishops fixed the amonnt of the Bishop of Durham at 8, 0001., but, in fact, the receipts of that right rev. prelate bad, bysome unexplained means, doubled that am,ount. These twobishops had together received a sum of 973.0001. besides the patronage attached to their bishoprics. This was an amount unparraUeled in the history of the world. These two bisho had received nearly 1,000,0001. of the revenue of the church, while there were 10,000 clergymen of that very church receiving a sum not exceeding 1001. perannurm. (Hear, hear,) Was such a state of things to be endured by the House of Commons or by the people of this country? But besides these large incomes and this immense amount of patronage the bishops were allowed a seat in the House of Peers, This he conceived to be an injustice to the country. Not only did these bishops exercise their own right, as members of the House of Lords, but they acted, by virtue of their spiritual character, as a mostinfirential power over the minds of the lay lords in that assembly. It was therefore wrong and unrjst that bishops should have aseat in that house. These were serious matters for the House to consider. Did the House suppose that their debates were not read? Did they not believe that the charge of simony would be believed in by millions of Her Majesty's subjects? 2Would not the fact of these two right rev. gentlemen, after having received nesrly a million of money from the State, and coming to the House and askn for retiring pensions to the amount of 10,60. a-year, be canvassed in every pothouse in the country, and be made the subject of the song of the scoffer and the mockery of the drunkard 7 It was a happiness to know that there were men, even in the church itself, who lamented this state of things; while there were men, without the church, of the largest minds and who had ever trod in the footsteps of their Divine Master, labouring for a pittance, before whom these two right rev. prelates would be made to bow their diminished heads.. Was either of those two prelates to he compared -with Robert Hall, with Dr. Pye Smith, or with Dr. Robert Newton? He could not allow the bil to pass without expressing to the House what he believed to be a strong prevailing sentiment on the part of a vast najority of the people, and he warned the House to be prepared for the time when that sentiment would be enforced by much abler men than himself. He begged to record his opinion against this odious bill, which he believed to be irMnrious to the country, to strike at the very root of all religous senthnient, and calculated. to destroy the church its - To theihononr of the colonies of this kingdom, he could say that no one of them had followed the example of this country in forming a church establishment; and it was time that the church should set its affairs lin order, for such was the force of public opinion. on this question that it would. be impossible .fir4hat church to stand against it. The hon. member then mered thati the House -goi-into committee that day three monthsY. Mr. NEWDGEATE regretted that such severe aemarks should have been indulged in by the hon. member. -Ho consideroed that tike Bis o of London had dispesed his revenue with a nestliberal nand. It was with much paia AdSt he (yr. Newde&gat voted against the second reading of lIsa bilL Be did. eo 4cscientiously, feeling that if the sneabr pusedit wold. octablish a precedent, which would woktehks greatest poaslbleme~,ent to the church of 13ngland, The bishops of . this4iwtry ought not to be left in such a pouitiosr agaither to be o d to retain their bishoprii'~twstsOtof thir ~ ~sde itrLomoto0 them t. tber,efore ask the riobleldrd whethert was li tnison, in tb sifertsession to introduce abill 'of a geirirawter. to Yvroide for all retirinm bishops who were in6apacitatedhb infirmity er age, His opicunio f ttthereought to ben leprovisionzmdae fDr ,the retirement of.the bishops *hich they 2nigh' clim after proving before a competent tribuai that theyi ere incapacitated from dis dutiesmirnthi Tir E oas mo0t anious to iumpreses upon the rnoblo lord the inmense importanoe Of acceding to the suggetion of the hon. member for kort- Ws'iWlxthire (Mr. Newdegate); to give x pledge that in the ne3t sesion a general measure should be introdnoed; because becould not oonceive anything more prejudicial io the chsurch,-or more cal6ulated to discredit the chararcter Mf the episeopte, tan tat up,on every- ,occasion of the re. tiremenliof a bi,shop it sheuld ' be necessaryF to pass a -peci mleasure. (ilar.) Noone rejoiced more than himself in the connexion between Church and State, but he thougsht that so close a. political relationship with the State was realyhhmnhiatingtothe Church; and, seeinghowasper. sions hna beencast in this instance on tho charaters and the. acts of tho two bishops, he could not supposG ftt henceforth, any prelate, however anxious he mnight be to surrender the resnonsibilities and the duties of his office, would venture to facelthe difficulties and annoyances incidental to special legislation. (Hear, hear.) He supported the secondxeding of the bill because tho disadvantages -of ant .passing it were greater tban those of passing it. It was impossible the dJiocese of London could continue in its present state, and the appointmenLt of suffragains or coajutors would not meet the necessities of the case. P&rlia. ent had fixed the income of the future Bishop of London at10,000 . per annum for tho entire performance of the duties; and if this measure did not pass they -would leave a prelate in the see enjoying 18,0001. or 20,000L. a-year, and performing none of the duties He regarded that as a conclusive argument in favour of the bill. (Hear, hear.) It had also been remarked that, after payment of the retiring pension, there would be a gain of 5,0001. a-year. The anomalous position of church property might not be recollected. Parliament had sanctioned a mode of dealing with leases by enfranchisement, whereby the- value of church estates might be doubled. But the action rested with prelates and dignitaries; who irere debarred, by their incoomes being fixed, from obtaining any advatage,fromenfranchisement. Upona vacaicy inthe see of London the estates would be transferred to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, who were interested in pro. motingeenfranchisement, andtheeffectof this billwouldreally be to give a much larger incresse than 5,000L a-year to the funds of the commissioners. (Hear.) An apeal which he had made on a former occasion to the noble lord to put in force the act of Henry V111L might, at first sight, ape inconsistent with his support of this bill, but the two courses were perfectly compatible, because there might be cases for absolute retirement, as in this matter of the Bishops of London and Durham, and caes of bishops, in full possession of health and strength, so overburdened with work as to be extremely glad to obtain the assistance of sulTagans. He still retaimed hi opinion that great advantage would be gained from puting in force the rct of Henry VIIL It would not supersede a measure of retirement, and a measure of retirement would not supersede it. He hoped this would be the prelude to a general measure, and that the noble lord would employ the recess in preparing a scheme which should be applicable to the general wants of the church, and for ever set at rest this most important question. ((Hear, hear.) Mr. MOWBRAY wished to add his appeal to that of the hon. member for North Warwickshire, that the noble lord would pledge Her Majesty's Government, if they should continue in office, to introduce a general measure in the next session. A great deal had been said as to whether this bill sbould form a precedent or not. In one respect he hoped it would. In other respects he hoped it would not. It was a valuable precedent, snainsuch as for three centuries since the Rveformation there had been no instance of the resign.a tionofa ishopri; but he confessed he did 4iot wish to see the details followed in a general measure. He did not complain of the amount of the retiring pensions, because, when they looked at the amount of the incomes these bishops had enjoyed, it was nothing more than reasonable that their retiring pensions sBhould in some degree accord with their previous incomes. (Hear.) If a general measure had been brought in, the Bisbopries of London and Durhai must have been dealt with as exceptional instances. That was an answver to any complaint for not bringing in a general measure in the present session; but, with regard to sny general measure in a future session, he lhoped it would not be such as they might expect from the right hon. baronet the member for Carlisle, who regarded the present state of the diocess of Durham, part of the duties of which were performed by the Bishop of Man' chester, as satisfactory." (Sir J. Grahin.-i said " tole'rably satisfactory.] e thought the right hon. baronet would not be disposed to describe the condition of the diocess of Durham as tolerably satisfactory, if, on his return to his constituents, he visited Durbam and soine of the more distant parts of Northumberland. (Hear, hear.) He did not wish to refdect upon the imperfect superintendence of a prelate bowed down by age and infirmities, but the argament of the nght hon. baronet was extremely dangerous to the church. J was now only eight years since Parliament created the see of Manchester. ['Sir. J. Grsham.-30 years.] He thought the see was appointed in 1848, but owever that might be, Parliament had assigned an income of between 4,001. and 5,000L. a-year to the see of Man. chester, and was entitled to expect that the bishop would devote the whole of his timeo to discharge the duties of his own diocess. To say that the Bishop cf Manchester had time to place at the disposition of the Bisbop of Darham was one of the strongest argunents which could be used against episcopacy. (Hlear, hear.) That such would be the general fea. ture of any measure the right hon. baronet might introduce was apnarent from the fact that the right bon. baronet had pointea out, how in the dead and torpid state of the church which prevailed in the reign of George I., a Bishop of Rochester administered, without scandal or inconvenience, the see of London; and how, in 1843, the Bishop of Salisbury performed the duties of the diocess of Bath . and Wells luring the incapacity of Bishop Law. They were told that at the present time several other prelates were incapacitated by illness, and the inference from the cases cited was, that the healthy bishops were to perfonr the duties between them. No argument could be more dangerous to the church or inoonsistent in itself. The hon. baronet the member for the University of Oxford said the relations between a bishop and his clergy should he of a close, intimate, affectionate, and personal character; but how could that be expected if his daties were performed in the most rapid and perfunctory manner possible by a bishop coming for the purpose from a distant diocess. He trusted, therefore, whatever the measure might be which Her Majesty's hinisters would introduce, it would not be founded on the views of the right hon. baronet (Sir James Graham). (gear, hear.) le hoped that the question of the subdivision of the bishoprics would not be overlooked. He believed there had been a recommendation, on authority, that subdivision should take place in both these dioceses. He had only that morning formed one of a doputation which waited on the noble lora to urge the subdivision of the diocess of London. He hoped that wvhen bringimg in a general measure for the retirement of bishops, the Government would introduce some other measuro for the extension of the episcopate, and he inferred that, there was some such intention from the concluding clause of this bill, which provided that the new Bishop of kLondon and the new Bishop of Durham should take their sees subject to any arrangement Parliament might make during the next three years relative to those dioceses. He was astonished at the opposition which had srung up against this bill, and, although he had listened witn attention to the argument' which came from right hon. gentlemen exercising great authority in the Hlouse, those arguments appeared to him to be extremely technical. The opposition of the hon. member for Sheffield was more reasonable, because he was opposed to episcopacy altogether, but, without following the hon. gentleman into the sengthened disquisition by which ho intended to show that there were Nonconformist divises with whom the divines of the church of Rngland could not compare, he would express his earnest desire that the House would sip. port Her MAjesty's Ministers in applying a practir'' -* nedy to a gross and glaring eviL. (Hea-r, hear.) Sir J. FITZGERALD said, he had opp,. t i . account of its being exclusive. The bil -:srerr.l co Ixwo reverendbishops, eachinpossession of in.:ri - riiacwmes, and perfectly enabledby common prudence to pr- a fde amply for their families. These reverend prelates h1d - otified their wish to retire on account of age and infirmities on receiving a certain annuity each as a retiring pensior.. But, he would ask, were not the working clergy equally liable to human infirmities, from age and other causes; yetnot a syllable wras mentioned in this bill to provide for them. (Hear.) The bill appeared in a very questionable light as to its legality. Several learned members had stated that they considered the propositions made by both the rev. prelates as amounting to simony, and when, such opinions emanated from high authorities the Government ought to paiuse in their attempt to get such a bill throngh the House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) They had lately heard much of " the faith ,f a Christian" in that house; but it appeared to him to be a lack of Chrishan charity not to make the bill comprehensive in its character. He hoped this measure would be withdrawn, and that another would be introduced fixing a general scale of retiring pensions for all clergymen. Such legislation as that would be of real advantage to the church of England, and give general satisfaction to the country. (Heiar, hear.) Mr. HILDYARD said, great wealth appertained to the see of Durham, and discon,tent was occaqsioned when it wcas appropriated to the legitimate purpose of increasingt small livings. The suggestion of the hon. member (Mr. Mowhnray), if carried out, would bring back that wealth, and, therefore, persons interested in the diocess had strong m otEves for urging the a,ypointm en t of twog or thr-ee more ecclesiastical common fund, without injury to that fund; but as sconi as these lives fell in that,would not be, the cass.~ and he protested aLgainst trenching upo the common fundL for the retiring pensions of bishops,'becuse it was wholly inadequate to provide for the working clergy. (Hear he li e would remind the House what had occurred wihrspact - to the retiremient of Irish judges; There Was no class ofafunctionaries looked upon withi so much consideration as the juidges. . But it was not so with the bishops. Religio'us p'rejudic'es iana animosities were excited, and niade. imperative -the utnibst precautions,' that on the. oaelhand" they should- nut cling to plu after they ought to resign forthe purpose of throwing the patronag of. ri9,igter,sco~.sit h ad of their politicsl friends ;anid, on the other, t4st an unscrupuloust minority *s)sould not comipelithem to,resign When they were faulyI ,6quxI to the 4iscbaige Iof their, duties. (Irear.) He hopeda P.Arlikinen't w~ould niot be oonsidered as represented by tbe qmli number of persons. siow presen 'and that. when a gerOeata measur was. Introduced they might be allowed to freely discuss it upoii its own 3nernts. Although he, disappr2ovea this bill, and should be glad to throw it out, lze would auggesi that, r-ts e opion of the meant (Hear4) "'' -v, "-""' *. .Mr. OpwJ3RA.T,explaiiea that he wished the "e'e D)urhian tq be so divided as ',o give a bishop t No l abir land; 'with wbilit couinty hi had^ : couneiosi or inliereti* He ad,ccate the apuobt>toa'otwt0or mor.tre inbahoep .for the wBele gfiEnglald. ' i ' I¢ . . i.e. , ; (Mr. Eaflid)'war a snoet ietermhiied ene my to.itie eate lishBment. and, ass the lsbn; <niember-wasu of opisoon.that thiis bill would be imost, detrimental4to the interests of the eoAb lisbed church, he thought he might,,on the h6n. getlemskl owmn showing, ,lim his,sujport.'-(Ala,h.) If the hln memDer reily thought the bill ould, have the eff:ect rvhich ,he ascribed to it he ought Ddisido with the Goernlment in its favour. (,aughter.) Tfe lcoa not express himself inclerertermD5tluan thoeeofibehon berforDurhamr Mowhray) upoa the point, tbz even if ageneial mONure had becu proposed.Aley;hnuat havet had claue, maning exceptional provision for these two'seees (hear, hear), bxese it was only fair and just rthit the prdpertion of retring allowance should be caleuatcdx niot according to the reduced incomes which these prelates had never received, but acordiDg to the incomes which they had received. Any general rnle musttherefcre be subj4ptto those exceptions. (Hear, bear.). Aito what might be the intettions of Her ]fajesty'5 Gov-rnent vith regaed to geneni measure he was :aot at the present momentprepared *to staethete, but he was quite prepared to say that if the C Government proposed a general measure next session they would -do it upon their own' responsibility, and that nothing which had passed in these debates would preclude hon- gettlemen from considering the measure upon its own merits. (Hear, hear.) At. the same time, with respect to the topic on whicht the hon. sad learned member had dwelt-;nam-ely, his objection to any arrangement by which retiring allowances were, placed on the common fund, because he considered that. fund ought to be devoted to the general inteEts. of the hurch by the increase of small livings-the interes of the church lay in more directions than one, and although it might be the interest of the church to give adequate stipends to parochial Clergy;nen. yet, also, it was greatly to the interest ,of the church'thatthe dvties of theepiscopacy. should be effectively performcd, and in &he cae in wlhias a bishop by age or infimitvZwas unable to performthose duties it was the interest the church to supply his place by an effective and efficient bishop. lieonly mentioned that to show that much could be, said both v'ays, and that the House might not run off with the conclusion that no answer conld be made to the argument of the hon. and learned member. (Hiear, iear.) With regard to the method of supplying the places of infirn bishops, he had no hesitation in stating that his own opinion was very much the same as the hon. gentleman's (Mr. Mowvbray's), that the arrangement of the right hon. baronet the mnember for Carlisle would not be a good one. (Hear, hear.) His opinionw as-subject, of course, to thebetter opinion of the House-that if they 'ere obliged by peculiar circumstances to relieve from duty an sped and infir bishop, it would be a bad arrangement to place under or over him, but in the same diocess with him, an episcopal office, not having all that weight and authority which belonged to the actual possessor of the see. In his opinion, in that case they ought to get a clear see and appoint another bishop, justi as if a vacancy had occarel (Hear, hear.) He quite agreed with the hon. gentleman who spoke last that retirement ought not to depend either upon the simple 'will of the bishop or upon the discretion of the Government of the day. (Hear, bear.) They ought to endeavour to find some independent authority which, having the interests of the churh at heart, and not being connected vith the Government of the day, should doter. mine in the two cases wiether the bishop wishing to retire was really by physical infirities incompetent, or whether the bishop, unwilling to retire, hut evidently incompetent by physical infirmities, should not be obliged to retire. (Hear.) He thought it was quite right that that decision should aot rest with the Government of the day, because any arraxgemnent they might make would be open to animnadversion and the imputation of motive, to which, although persons who understood the politica ai.irs of the country knew the Government were not relly liable, yet it wsu undesirable the Government should be exposed. He therefore thought that, if there were a general measure, some such arrangement as he had svggested ought to be adopted. (Hear, hear.) He admitted that these partial measures were objectionable, oeeause they raised discussion upon nersonal questions connected with dgnit ries of the churc, to gwbich it was unfair to expose thein; but, whithout iving sany pledge that the Government wuould he able to ofame ;. fit measure, if they did propose any general measure it mrst be considered as the meASure of the Government, and n,o one wrould e committed to app roval of it by anything which beight pass here. (Cheers.) Ter. EINLEY was glad thenoble lord had thrown out some light on what w,ould he the probable course of the Government in a future sesion, and be congratulated the SolicitorGeneral on the opportunity bwich would be afforded him of framing a tsibunal by which these right rev, prelates would be dealt waith on some general principle. ( dlight lauh.) The hmind of the noble lord resmed to ne made up as to the insufficiency of a.ppointing enfiragans. 'The g.-ound was to he wrholl clearad; the esting bishop as to be removed; and' if the prelates did not sufflciently appreciate their fleaing powers there was to he a machinery brought to bear by whi, h resigna1ion might be enforoed. (lear, n ear.y the hon. member for Durham haf d espressed surtrise at the adverse viewts of some friends oE the church, bet it should be recollected that this bill was the inno ation, and that is opponents only wanted to adhere to the established rule of the church. (Hear.) The noble lore. seemed to enter his protest against the slobearvation of his hon. and learned friend (Mr. Hildyard), that the common fund ought not to e trenched uponin c se it should be necessary to provide retiring allowances for bishopo; hut the noble lord seemed Altogether to omit froh consideration that a parochial clergyman, with a narrow income, becoming infirm ead incapable, had no common fund to aid him either with retiring allownvaces or the salary of a curate. HEe held that the rule should be applied equnlil to prelates and to parochial clergymen, anad that if the higher dignitaries received retiring pensions the same should be granted to their poorer brethren. (H er, hear.e) e intended to propose an amebldmeat on the presnble, but the comunittee on the bill had come on so hastily that it had been impossible for bin to give notice of it. Mr. KIAIDSRN said, the Bishop of London had adminitered his income with the greatest liberality, ad he believed it would be found to his honour tat he wyould not die a rich man. Mr. PELLA2'T had not viewved this as a Nonconformhst question nor as a church question, but as a State question, and as a statesman he had tought it his duty to give his vote in flvour of the bilL. Mbr. HADyIELd retained his opisons, but wvould not trouble the HIouse to divide. The amendment wabS w githdrawnr. The Honse then wrent into committee. On clause 1 being proposed, har. GiADSTONge said that, rehtining all his objethions to the bill, and deeming it to be highly indecent thathe HIouse should be caled upon 'within five or six days to pats this measure, yet, judging from the division of last nighth that the rouse 'would not concur with him ie that matter, he should confne himself on the present ocea sion to pro. posing rn amendment, with a viedn of embodying his protest against the bill. The hon. memb?er for Durham (Mr. Mo5vhray) hatd expressed great astonishment with rcvard to the cou3rse which had been takcen l>y hon. gentlemc '. ' ad opposed the bilL The hon. gentleman sind of t ..o- ,ht tobavedonedirectly thereverse. iis hon. fleisitn ., fnii had arrved, wimth great satis)action to himaelf, at that covs. clusion; but when ht had devoted to pubiic thsiness ae manyvyears as thiose who had a/i present grven four, five, six, ' seven tnes aS mDny ears to the besiness of the pue' o' he bad, he t otle perhaps be lec ready to es}~ ma ide aur orise at the Course wvhich had been pursued. es tol thend tad seid that nothing but technical ohjecit o:vr bheenitaken; butjhet(in . Goadstone emust tel his h'n. frend that ona of the great dangers of the period in which they itved, and the most cnesetting sin of that ouse, ts ? dispositiow to live, ir n respect to leglaton, from h land to mouth (bear, hear), and to make provisions for the moment and the hour, and then to ctll that practical legislation. (Hear, hear.) When they were invited to direct their attention either to the general principles of the law, or to reenote and uteriorconsequences, thear w.ere told that these were mere technical objections. Wfas it e iere technical objection to clnsider the terms on which the resignation of. a bishopric or of a benefiee was madewhether it was maes e in connexion with some einolument or nOt ? Hiowever, his present olhject was to move an amenament, for the purpose of recordi'ng his objection to this pecunia3ry bargain. No answer bad been given to the argn. mnent of the right hon. gentleman (Mr. N'apier), that the resignationl of a spiritual office on bahrgain for the receipt of money, as an essential condition ior resigning, was simony. He challenged contradiction to that proposi.tion. It 'ws the bargain of the individual, it wsas the matcing the receipt of money a condition of resigning a slpiritual office which con- stituted the offence of simony. His opin'ion 'was that no.' general measure would have gives, a sanction to any par ticular oargai, but it would have been perfectly easy to avoidanydifficultyon that point. He enertaingd strong objections to making a particular bargain, and he believed his noble friend at the head of tlhe Government bad fairly admitted, to a certain extent, tho3e objections. The right hon. gentleman then moved thst, instead of the words, accept the resignation of his see by the said Charles James Lord Bishop of London," there b-e inserted, "acce t the resignation of his see by any bishcp of his province.O Sir G. GREY said, the objecf; of his right hon. friend was to make the act a general act, instead of it being a particular act, confined to two cases only. The first objec*ion to such a proposition was, that no measure of the kind could be passed dturing the preseent session. If his right hon. friend enforced his -amendment, it waould in fact negaI tive the bilL Mr. IOWBRAY was sorry to have incurredthe censure of his right hon. friend. He certainly thought that when ihe Bishops of London and Darhaurt were about to surrender i wo-thirds of their' income they 'were setting an examole9f which no one could disApproVe. lIe' 'considered it to bb an act of great disintereetedness on the Ipirt of tEioeo right rev prelates, and that nno corrupt rolive could be ained to them. He therefore didt think That the argament' conh cerning simony w s of aI strictly eebnSical chractei and. he remained of that opinion. .! Sir J. GRA SM 'seisied to Ask thenoble lord at ti hee' of the Goernnent'i,hether the lh0*izfrom the ishop of Durham, beamz dale ,the'2st of June, was the first con municationwhil iAdpasse4.betivehintandtheGove ment ? It was kn6in that the'Bisho of Durls.nsllrstsnj timated to the Govermment'n November last his intentxou to'- -i upon terms *bich had reference to the amount of - ncoeto be provided for him on his resignation. He there fore wished to ask whether tbezietter-laC the 21st of June, 185d, in whrichi.thliahoX3bigpkWefat SAWxRMallowaaMe of 4.,_omCi 1-weira :ommunmiatilo that lad pased :ktwhfiu&andtl G.* yeethz,fusietotheaiuowit ito b alosr&tuh lim onarXisreii4et Uaswoaldak dit1.2g, *hether-thef ^ e { -tiaii 1^ oqb',ig'* ., r>pose to?AkrliisUnt s 2e , ld WlCWate, r musici icon3muliwumctio $lt i, l-kt 2 ' of June-VW ult ora e eult dC frueM comanrI, 3nications betireen Jolie iaopad thaeGovminient:fa;it,iiat t'De'Govii3en6stGoit`.ce end" o n3' b;Oi' W the Govesnihent at-list conic reAomme-nid "I.Of it- thie minim7tu; bde odel'oathe b;hopt'' ? > 3^ -- Lorld PA RSTON.2lw.to sa that I1i~ feel gladto acrthequeios3it haf 'been m} ust tbiit hi;lstbe fint timeI 'havea e 6S;of the, circuznstatoe which 1-havo 'ih referred -to.: ( , hear.) 'Itisberfectlv t= thatein the icourse of latutm, ri or otti thli Chritmas holydays,6I ia's'-infoftnd. ierbally that the liiihop of Dahrluii wisAhed to resig' i'took t-hobwse" :'r'upot- ihesd o muniDUDiwhi -rrhicI thought tobei- xiooeary. having then, aa nteution .of. -b n forwaid a niessur4 reiutiD r .w0 e*s. Bt- afte'r : traifi' Ppedi6&d ,w iriforined, from the nue 'quarter, thait the Bizdop -of, Dirhau no0 loscgeir wi;kit&d-t$ ~esig therefore the astter-dropped. The lit ocssuxicatioa anadetome by the-bishop was by letter. It inaJ be, ;nd ery possibly was, thf4ec, .that aome.days bWforethat letter wa actually *wrttenc a vrerbl conm3unhicaf,ioii ws hide to me coc the poi -=t; -tthis tatthit ntiie waay lrer any communication suchashaseei tiDledof r ayobjex. tion- uade by-Tns to ay largo-, sum bnta lcrbi n tioneed in. the bilLoym Sir. J. SELELLEY id.that vith._r Aio l3 iily ofLdn~ iformationi froni i source which bh& knew to "i corr4ct'had reched him, th n3thWpA of thit 'ight rev. prelte no proposition f aDiykindiuhd been nide by him except w'hat ws contained in the correspondene.: - ' Xr. B. DENISON- was sorry; after -they hsd at last got into oomrnittee, that they ahoild be diverted fror the quest:on before them. But.ha wished to ask lhis aight hon. friend whether, if his amendment were agreed to, be would be able to reconcile the bill in its entirety,. andmake it suit the words he proposed to.introduce? Mr. HENIE Y did not think the wordgproposed to be lefb out 'would by any means have the effect of maiadg this a genetal bll; nor did he believe that if the amendmeent wero ageed to the other clauses of the bil would require reciating. The only effect of the amnendment would be thai us) spec;il cause of resignation would h shown. Mr.; GLADSTOl2E sid, the hon. member for MsIdon was quite mistaken in supposing that the adoption of thef amendment would inakeit necessary to change the other clausee of the bhll. The principle he wished to lay down was that the law of resignation should be a general law. This bill did not authoriw resignation, it only recognized resignation. 3fr. NAPIER said, that he stil retained the opinion that a conditional resignation was illegaL The SOLICITORGENERAL said, he had not had the opportunity of exoreesing an opinion upon the bill; he therefore hoped tbe comlmittee would bear with him while he made fewv remarks. It was not a subject on which he would venture to offer an opinion without much oonsider. ation. He deeply deplored that anly obiervations,should have been made to the effect that if the bill were carried an imputation of simony would attach to the right rev. prelates whose names were connected with it. That ought not to have beeu stated by anyone who could not conscientiously aver that ie was perfectly well informed npon the subject of the law and conversant vwith ecclesiastical proceedings. He ventured to say, withgreat humility, but with much confidence that any man who would devote an hour to ecclesiastical history, or ascertain what were the ecclesiastic4l daties of the bishops-which any mani might do who would look through the statutes-would be perfectly convinced that what w.s nowr propesed to be donewas m strict conformity with the law of the church and in strict confornity with the conventional lr- of simony, which was all that they were bound to recognize. What was the practice ofthechurchin ancienttimes? He would read what ws the history of the resignation of the Bishop of Durham in the 14th century. He quoted from the History of the Lifc and Acts of Arcibishop 6! nd*- "Pnrificatione Beats 1arize imminente, Episcopus Dnnelmensis Nicolaus, sentiens se annosum. valetudinarinm et infirmum, Ac., Episcopaturn suna Dunelmensem, obtent tali a. Domnino Par licentia resignavit,-1hon. members should observe the peculiar phraseology of what follons]-et datis ad hoo provisoribus, Archiepiscopo Eboracensi et Londinenii et Vigorniensi Episcopis, asignata sunt ei tria naueria,-viz. de Hoveden cm pertiaentiis, Stoctuna et Esingtuna. Recedens igitur Duhnelmo, accepts ibidem a fratribuslicentil ad alterutruandictorin, mnaneriorunm iausuruss perrexit, ut in pace ibidem, sine quereUruni vel causarum strepitu, exutus ia solicitudinibus mundanis, sibi jam expectanti donec ejus veniret immutatio, liberius orationi vacaret, &c." It paight not be unworthy the attention of the right hon. gentleman the memter for the University of Oxford to consider in what way objections to arrangemenits for reiring bishops were met in those da s - "Adulatores qidam pessimi cupientes placere Danelmensi EpiscopoWatero petieranti Papa Episcopatunm vel redintegrari, vel saltim minus dannificari. QnibUs Papa. Miranur super his. Nonne facta fmit distributio illa, et partitio per magnam deliberationem et eonsiderationem virorm peritoram, et consensumpartium; et res jam confirmata est per nos, et regem Anglue, et per provisores. Et sic repulsa sunt accusatores cnm probris. (Laughter and cheers.) There wrs another cae-the case of Archbishop GrindaLHe was Archbishop of Canterbury in the reign of Elizabeth, and being blind was incapabie of performing the duties of his office. The Qneen sent the Lord Treasurer to him, and, after an interview, the Lord Treasurer sent a maessage to some person attending about the Queen- "1 To inform Her Majesty at his leisure, that the Archbishop was now ready at Lady-day, being the end of the half year allotted him, to resign his bishopric, to be conferred by her upon some other, to enter into actual government of the church of England, which sustained, he said, great lack for present action. That he yielded himself to Her Majesty's goodness to have some nension during his short life, which he (the Treasurer) wished to be great and honourable, although it should be to the saccessor burdenI ous for the preeent. Bnt he that should have it must shape hisgarment with his cloth for the time. Thathe had seen into the vaue of thearchbishops possessions and found them to be about 2,780L per annum, according to the rate of the book of first-fruits. That he had also seen the ; ticular books of the annual receipts, which gSew eomew vt but not much, above; and if the then arebbishon might have 700t or SOOL a-year pension, he thought his enccessor with good husbandry might make the rest to be 2,000O." The archbishop made two petitions to Her Majesty, that she would grant him the house at Croydon, and This he signified to his friend-the Lord Treasurer, showing him that in all resignations of bishops, so far as he had read or heard, there had been always one house at the least, pertaining to the see, assined to the resigner. as partly right appear by a note which he sent him, taken Iot of the history of Matthew Paris." The other netition was, "That he night not be called to trouble after his resignation for dilapidations. From which, as he w3s informed bythe learned in the laws, he was by law upon a resignation excused. Notwithstanding, although he did notdistrustthe equity of his successor, yet because he had been so much troubled with suits for dilapidations, he was fearfuL And therefore prayed, that he night have some good assistance if the case should so require." It was so arranged that the house at Croydon should be given, and also freedom from dilapidations; and those conditions were recited in the deed of resignation w'nich was prepared. The deed was not completed, because the good ola archbishop died before the arrangement could be carried into effect; but no one in 'hose days-and they knew the law of sdmony just as well as lawyers did now-ever dreanitthat Archbishop Grindal was open to the charge of simony. (Hear, hear.) The hon. baronet the member forthe Uaiversity of Oxford referred to the statute, 26th Henry VIII., chap. 3. Whoever looked at the 21st, 22d, and 23d sections of that act would find that in every e ase of resina-z tion by a bishop, abbot, or dean it vwas competent to the ordinary to assign a pension to the retiring digtnitary, to be paid ot of the revenue of the succeeding bishfop, abbot, or dean, and in some narticular cases the statute provided that only at corrupt resignations and pensions, which were the result of corrupt bargain. The consequence was, that by law, as embodied inl the statute of Hlenry vmL, and confirmed by the statntc of A nne, it was competent to give pensions upon resignations, and, but for siome diiiiculties in the manner and form of carrying ihese resignations into effect, there would have been O necessity to introdnoe. this particular statute. He wras surprised that a right rev, prelate in another place (the Bi5ho of Osfordi should not only have objected to ths bill on te ground of. sim'ony, bust also becuse it wa aI privilegius introduced for the first time, and unknowin to-the law of the land, It onlyshowed that no man should deal inthoste observations whose knowvledge of the subject was not SO complete as toI render it perfecstly sure he could mlaintain them. Itvwas sbaid this ws a corrupt bargain on the part of the Bishop of London and. the Bishop of Durharm The wrords of the ecclesiastical law wrere that rsignation should be V simpicites, Ce oebso?ut. He contended that these resignations accurately fulfilled that interpretation that everything waLs done in facic ecce.sim, and that there could not bethe slightest ground for imputing a corrupt barganu. It was said that the bishops offered to resign upon conditions, but he could not imagne a more perverse view. The letter of the Bishop of London was merely to this effect-b that he was desirous of receiving a provision for old age. and if it were allowed by law he would accegp it, that if the law gave it him, or if the law wvould give it to him, then he desired it. Was there any corruption in-a man saying he desired to do nothing more than w:hat the lawv authorized or should authorize? And when hion. members spokeof acontractbytheOovernment.theyshouldremember that the arrangement made by his noble friend 'was nothing more than that, if the existing law did not meet the case, an act abould be brought in for the pnrpcse. HIe trusted hisright lion. friend the':member for the Uirversity .of Oxford -*ould SiV- him 'credit for sp r with perfeot sincerity- *hen "he. eipre's6ed his bSeie that ie' ad' laid before theHouse the true grouds on which a legat -deaision -of; thle qiestion co.uld bS'. arrivedat.. Sound reason and good,sane would be suifi- Oient, eve if' tha''auestion would not stand the tes. of .tlie li' ut lhe beyJed itw*iuld stand the test of-la and of eocliPitict'" e lieved tht te proviions. oflhisbilljiefranie'd&-ocfiplets contyrnitwthhat t1e lU* inaicpon - the' *ibitj &sid-in co5upTeie &onfjin '. with X'acle-Aitic i'rcdelnt ra h he'uge oF 'formf r' tiinei. '(E,eLr, hear 4Tlie -ht ligeonl'. anhdree4, s omewhere that snony *a's bargaining. It was so bUi it mneant corrupt bagaining-the receing money or other consideration, and tbe right lion. gentleman -had taken the naked propointi-onitoutitsroperinterpret. tion. -{Efes'iearj lIf they atred the firt cl m the .'F' w isnw a flioen an le ou, f-edatp1cirih probed1ll6Wl izak-n* ir-'s- nd&Lbs IN ld.u kon. tUSW2 "Dids, e though b had fii pebenowa Heui thild i ;li03i 'did hsoot wrest.pnba.'To :rodudthist bookwc y a d, te.nta-and. no So r4,ueaa e sd ra4 taents iad raccomphshiuents h-hi' b - to faaidcover, an? led'thecoinTmite beliesa ::2 sipted hisopponents oE- groa'ignor anseau., };al-iZian who gave a Jhour to:.aa ,exaaoina 1awf of t'he .church,MUst.,iiava sntatha &JL WAi _*fectlY conformibla to jhe w; e r ooght,andthat thi cd oikigh to be r ie* cas polris. But what would the com etink w s, assured th em that tbte _m qnot6d.by lae Solicitor.G a did not touch this matterin the ght ee eho and .leamed geutImnanad cunveyeaped fectlynntneia - plretion as to the character of these two c Wb was the oint of june between him and his lerned friend! Had. he ever idd that it was improper .ta' Assign- maintenance to person who-reuin btahoprics? ld! not the -lon. aember for- Findaby representing. a somewhat rngid uile with regard to the retiremet. of bishops, and, at ny rite, not tg a too favourable' visew-did he not ay that these bishops ought to have res,ined sinDonditionaLly and thlromn thealv es tin the gene. zo-itr of ,Parliamestn? (Hear.) His hon. andearedfrieind!s inispIosition, must aot only have prevented his hearing the debate yesterday, but ot Ioewng at wresaid, for if he had red what bad bet suid he could not hafves fallun into the grois error which he ha eisplayed The point at issue was not whether it was Law frtda g pensions. Who had ever sid that aisbop, if be resigned hnibishopric, ought to starve? It was perfectly plain that tnroveon ought to be made for a bishop who reiigned in biihopric, but the quetiion we-and if the learned gentleman poeaed only a hundredth part of the atcuteness he w known to posees he must have kDoWn it-whether they ought to have, Fr had they even hxi, an individual baigain for the resignation of a bishopria in which an engagement to receive a pansion was made the condition of resignation, and withoot wbich condition the esignation was not to take place, (Cheerg.) Te learned gecdlemanproduoedtwo cfrom Strypes Lifc of .Arck Uiaop Grindal to show thefoDysnd. inutilityof the proceed. migsohisopponents. Tosiporthedoctrinehelaidaowntiee learned gentlemap quoted the case ofthe Bishop of Durham. an said dit was perfectly plain thetre wa no bargain in that cae, for the vwords were, "Sentiens se annosuim, valetudinmaiun, et infirmum, &c, Episcopatu.n aumnDunellnwn. sen:, obstenti tali P DomiunoPa licentiieresignavit." H&a it been that this bishop had said he would resigni i the Pope or the archbshop would give him a peigo,, the ease would have been parallel; but the "resigair§ preceded the words "et datis hoc provisantus.6 The pertion was provided by the will of the Pope, and when coMplaint WLas made, not of any bargain, bat that too lare a provision was made to the injury of the sucoesor in the see, and that complaint was found to be groundless, the accus)rs were repulsed cu probris. So much for the case of the Bishop of Durham. He did not think the learned gentlerrn would return to that case; at any rate, he distinctly gave him the challenge that there was not one syllible in the recital upon the subjectof bargain; and thebargain bere was the whole question. The precedent nqpoted hadno more to do with it than with the question of 5ag Charta. (Cheer) Then there wa Sthe case of Arcbishop GrindaL He had not had an opportunity of examining fully into it, but, so far as he had een able to loc k- into that case upon the instant, tnd to fr as his xeocdlection served, as to the peculiar circumstances attending the resignation of Archbishop Grindal, he thought it did not malke one bit more in favour of the learned gentleman's argument than did the case of the wor.ty old Bishop of Dnrham. Archbishop Grindal never volumtarily resigned at alL He was particularly obnoxious to Queen Elizabeth. Queen ;lizabeth considered him a very bad Archbishop of Canterbury, and so strong was her opinion, that she actually suspended him from the discharge or hisdaties altogether. He wsno quite ertainwbther that suspension continuedto the end of his life or not, perhaps he might have resumed the administration of the see. Atanyrate he continued in possesion of the see; but Queen Elizbeth signified her pleaure to Archbishop Grinidal that he shonld resign, and the signification of the pleasure of Queen Elizabeth, he need not say, was more full of meaning than anything which proceeded froma him, or anything which prooeeded from his learned frien& the Solicitor-General, (A laugh.) There was no doubt that the whole meauing, purport, and significance of tbt communication from Queenm lizabeth was that le should resign That was the basis of the whole transaction; butdid Axclbishor Grndsl, or did he Inot, write to the Mlinister and say he was ready to reign, or did he write andI say that be was ready to resign upon the assurance ta h, shoutld have a pension, for it wa admaitte d that it wras perfectly justifiable and honourable for a bishop to ask 'o maintenance during the remainder of his life, and that ws the outside of what Archbishop Grindal did! In his petition be apolog,ized for not havnng offered to resign before, and then he cont,inued- "These were the considerations which hitherto had stayed him from offering of this resignation of his pLAce But now, knowing Her Wajeys mind, he .ould do it with all Ids heart; and would prepare himself aceordingly to satisfy her pleasure, hoping for her favour, which hi esteimed above all worldly things; trusting yet, and humbly praying, that by his lordship's means she woruld pernit and tolerate him to continue in place till a little after Michaelmas next, when the audit of t}e see was kept for tho whole year; that he might see some end o,f his sid suits, the finishing of his school, aud the multitude of his poor servants provided for; meaning in the meanitirne, both by his officers and him-elf, by God's gcace. to hive a vigilant care for the good government and well ordering of his cure. In which time he should also be more able to mRke a perfect account of all thing to the satisfaction of his successor." There wras nothing in that of a bargain for so mueh per annum.. The archbisbop said he was ready to resig. HEe stipulated only for provision for bis poor servants, to finish some miitters in hand, and to give more perfect account of all things. I" And after that time he vronld be most ready, with all humble tbanks to Her ajesty, to resign his plaoe unto Her Hfighness's disposition. Which favour he wished to obtwin by the interest of him, the Lord Treasurer." Then came a pgse wrhich had beenquoted, to the effect that he had two petitions; one thet he should be allowed the Bouse at Croydon, and some smnall grounds pertaining to the same of no great value, and that ho should not be troub2bd afterwards for dilapidations Archbishop Grindal neither made nor attempted to make a bargain. He resigned 7nconditiondlly, and there was not a syllable in thc engagement to resign that would serve the argument of his learned friend. (Cheers.) His learned friend said this was not a corrupt transaction, because it was a transaction irn faci e clesi. Were they really to takes it for granted that the law was, as laid down by the Solicitor-General of Her Majesty's Government, that a transaction with regard to resignation of benefice, iH done publicly, removed all taint of simony, and madeitaprudent, safe, and pre transaction? (Cheers.) He coald hardly iuppose that his hon. and learned friend intended the committee to take that for law, but, if he did, he (H-r. Gladstone) must really request him to give bis authority, and show them where it was so laid down in the ecclesiastical law. Where was his authority for defining simoniy as a resignation secretly made for money, but that, if the resignation were made for money pubhcly and under the sanction of the constituted authority, the bargain so made was not simony? Would the hon. and learned. gentleman produce his authority forthat proposition?If not, his mere diCtum could not be aete It was certainly in total contradiction to al that he (Mr Gladstone) bad ever beard or read. What a happy invention it was on the part; of the Solicitor-General! - His right hon. friend (Mr. Walpcle) did not consider publicity a cure for simony; in this he: ws on the wrong scent. Wnere, then, was the authoritr of the Solicitor-General for his definition? Wher was his authority to sbow that at any period in the history of the church it had been permitted to make a bargain to resign a spiritual cure for nioney, and that that triasaction was to be considered a lawful and legitimate one because it -was carried on publicly 9 He entirely dissented from such an opinion, and held his judgment in a state of suspense with respect to the law which his hlon, and learned friend had laid down. 0 The SOLICITOI-GEBNRAL said, it ws much to be regretied that his right hon. friend bad not been brought up. to the bar (alatigh), so great was theleggal talent he had displayed, so great were his powers of specil pleading Un. fortuntely, how-ever, is right lion. fziend.did not appear to be pairticularly well inuro^med as to the facts of the case, and this again showved ho'- dangerous was "a little learning," (Lod slaughter.) When this Bishop of Durhaum desired to resign he made applicati4n for x residen e to bho assigned fo him, and his resignation was always conditional.- 9Ir. GIADSTONR-Where-does hestipulate? Where are the words5 The OL1ClTOR.GENE_&I.-!' B datis ad hoc ro- vusos.wug.' Wbat was the came wi'th r-ega-r-d"t-oAchso Grindal He threw himself upon theoonderation of th Queen, but he stipulated for his house at Croydon, forfreedonm from liability on accountof dilapidations, and for a provision for his domestics. These three things were granted before he resigned. With regaud to what the right. bun. gentlentan had imnrtedtohlins o the subjectof simony he. denitd hiaving srid tat an act would be less sidoniaca because it was'done inufaciea eccictsi.W t;the raid wasthat' it ras evidence there was no corruption. when it was done' ~'ace ecfeer. e lad aso aidthat by -the staticte enrVfl. .bemtr.oitnmjhthave legally made~ these a-rrngeinents -without the necessity of an act of IPs&r htiarnent, hubta th peculi>ar cicmtne connete wr1itl Mr- GLAJSTOd sorTy that this 03t are but, as it hiad, thev 'had be6tter fight it cuit (A. laugb.), They stoodthereupo-nafootingof eiality. flubosie§snd'. learned friend had jemi--u-tathiuo re"P-ecfgtli' res-igns. tionof UrlschbUppGrinds], but that,quotation was n08 third. porson 'dthy d-he,were tihe 'words nf the- NAQi6t.°b aiid not of 'il -irchbis bop im Aself. IAh- ' bi'oirCrind..i'a on documeat ihe gave his promnse to,: aioutlya d'lathout thela,ightept rserenc to any couitio. A'uias stio '' Ytidn ookel, se ' arch hb p e;eZ;for .tbe. ouwa .n5& doau,.but I.. aevarratteanped;-,to qualify him. of rie#F1igrication. o7npc~iae of his rs naht0'twan orb liirg ; , 3b,a& iaP for '. es ideac"w. ' nothes: foin- t e bill eforf, j oiiaittee these two. thinps wereoniected -bv an indiseohoble link: but-in.1he case of -hichbisliop -Grirmdil thiey 'Wereslepa22 rate and eniry diatiet, That was te cas bewiisbe
Mr. BRIGHT, M.P.-We inderstand that Mr Bright has beene durng the last 10 days, residing at Inveran Inn, Sutherlmgshire, engaged in the healthy occupation of fshmng rn eter boer 3hin for salnon and gulse. r he honr s emnnl, 3 few days since, in the course of three hour lauded;sur,riIae &nd one salmon of Satd.y1, and lost, in coidreond ntwoeeksh. We are vs py to beeabie to say that 11r. Bright's health is sateny mriD.Iace DEASE: OE PAUFERIfiM.-At the maeeting of the .eroester board, on Thlsday, th e oasal retuns which were laid before the guardians showed a decided decrease oF qsauperism, as comp,ared with those of last year. There were 202 paupers in the house on Saturday, July 12, and on the corre.ponding week of the previouls year there we re 261, or 59 more. On Saturday, there wiere only one able-bodied luauand 21 ablabodied women, againstl19 ablebodied men aDd 50 ahiebodied women, in the house, the corresponding day of last year. The outdoor reliaf showed slso a considerable dec,ease, the total reheved out of door being 959 against L052. The money valne of the relief out of door last week was 71-. Is. 2d. against 831. 3s. 5d. in the correapondiS week l.ast year. The cost price of the loaf, we believe, *c the same ninv as at this seasan last year to the gardians. The numbZer of waendering paupers had, howrever, increased, the num1ber of vasrants relieved levi week being 47', against 31 of thec orresponding week last year.- Werce5.ter £'hronidfe.
1 LoONtDONY, PRTDAY. JULY 25. 185. In the House of Lords last night the Royal assent was given by coramission to several bils, The 3ercantile Law Amendment Bill, as aw-ended in the Commons, was agreed to. I Lord CALTHORP; complained that the Staff of lord RAaLAw had been excluded from the French honours bestowed upon other officers. 'Some other bus was esodespatclitd, and their Lord.ips adjourned. fii the House of Commono, at the morning sitting, on the order for goinl into committee upon the PBisliops f L;ondo6i andbDarham Retirement Bill- 31T.- TIrDFrE.D moved to defer the committee for three mon'ths, ~supporting the motion by a speech'mn whiche veiglu4 against the vast incomes r!eceived by the two prelates, and denounced the bill as an odiou measure, calculated to destroy the Church. This amendmient gave rise to a long discussion, btit ultimately it was negatived without any division. The House-went into committee upon the bill, and made some progress mn the' consideration of its clauses, the remainder being reserved forthe evening sitting. In the evening, Mr. Rorsucx, pursuant to. noticej that he should move that Mr. JABLs SAnssR, having absconded from public justice, be expelled, 'said he was about to ask the House to exercise a power inherent in it, and'to free itself from compamonship with a man who had disgraced himself in the eyes of the country. He did not say that the, member for Tipperary was guilty of the charge of fraud, but that, -knowing tht a charge derogatory to his honour had been broughlt against him, he had fled frem jussice, thereby -confessing his gruilt. This was all he had to make out, and it was sufficiently established by the bill of indictment found by a grand jury on the 18th of July, by the judgment of the MASTER of the RoLLs in Ireland on the 19th of June, and by the non-attendance of Mr. SADLXm in his place, as required by the order of the House, which showed that he was aware that he was charged with fraud, and that he had avoided the charge, for, although sought for, he coiild not be found. He cited the casb of Gzoims Rounzso*,in 1732, which he considered to be on all-iours with this case, and likewise that of BErNJAIAIRl WAISH. The motion was seconded by MIr. NAPER, who said the motion not only concerned the honour of the House, but was due to the constituents of Tipperary, and he fortified it by further precedents. Mr. S. WoRTaxY was of opinion that the motion was premature. Mr. RoEnucK, he observed, had produced documents which should be put in such a shape that every member might have an opportunity of reading them. There was no one precedent identical with this case. Mr. SADLEnI had left the country before a warrant was out ag,ainst him, and it was possible that he might come back . He moved, by way of amendment, that the papers be printed. Mr. J. D. FiTZGERALD detailed the proceedings against SADLEIR, and argued that, although the motioi for expulsion wras a most proper one, it was premature, upon the evidence before the House, considering that there had been yet no judgment of outlawry. This, he remarked, was a judicial proceeding, and it behoved the HEouse to act with great care. There was no precedent exactly in point, at least since the Revolution: there had been no case of expulsion without conviction or previous inqiury. In RowysoN's case there had been a select committee, and the expulsion was not for the fraud, but for contempt. 1Mr. S. FITZGERALD admitted that this was a matter in which the House ought to act with caution; but the effect of the ameneunent, he observed, would be to get rid of the original motion altogether. The ATroanxv-GnEsRAL urged the House not to act with precipitancy, and by adopting the motion of Mr. RoEBucn establisha precedent, without having before it something to ,hich SADLEIR had been a party, and in which he had had an opportunity of vindicating himself. A conviction, or outlawry, would be a ground of disqualification. Lord PALBStTo; recommended Mr. WotrTLEY to 'withdraw his amendlment, so that tne House might come at once to a decision upon the original motion. Assuming that there was a full conviction in the mind of every member of the guilt of Air. SAaDL irt, the House, he thought, should not proceed to his expulsion without some formal ground,-either his conviction, or his confession, or a report of some committee. He urged the House, out of regard to its own purity, and upon the principles of justice, to postpone its adoption of the motion. Mr. HEwsLR thought the party should have an opportunity of being heard. Mr. WoRT,SY having withdrawn his amendment, Lord P.rTarEsTow mnoved the previous question, which, after some further conversation. was adopted, and the original motion fell to the ground. The House then went into Committee upon the Bishops of London and Durham Retirement Bill, the clauses of which were agreed to without amendment. Some discussion arose upon the Lords' amendments of the Metropolis Local Management Act Amendment (No. 2) Bill. Other biUs were advanced a stage, and, the remaining business having been despatched, the House adjourned at 10 o'clock.
We publish to-day the report of the Board of Inquiry which sat at bhelsea Hospitl. This extraordinary document fully realizes the worst anticipations of those who saw in the whole proceeding merely a plan for screening men whose conduct had been animadverted on by the army, the public, and, finally, by Government Commis- i sioners despatched for the purpose to the seat of war. The Chelsea Generals acquit everybody, fully and unreservedly,-nay, they not only acquit, but I applaud. There is no half-work, no admission | that the novelty of the situation or the difficulties of the campaign may have induced in some cases errors of judgment that ought to be excused. Each of the implicated officers is declared perfectly blameless, the judgment of the Commissioners is reversed on every point, and it is only grudgingly allowed that they were not actuated by malicious feelings. Now, if it were likely that the nation would attach the least importance to the verdict here given, it might be contested by argument, by the recital of facts which every one knows, and conclusions from which few would be likely to dissent. But the matter is not worth reopening. The result of the inquiry is precisely what we anticipated and stated openly from the first. Consider the history of these events, extending over a period of more than two years. England resolves on sending an army to the East. It has a force which, in proportion to its numbers, is by far the most expensive in Europe, officered chiefly by men of means and family, and under the exclusive control of. a small professional clique. What did the publicwhat did even Parliament kiow about its organization ? What interference was there in the distribution, the patronage, the discipline, the equipment? The Court and the authorities of the Horse Guards were intrusted with the absolute management of every detail. The nation bestowed entire confidence on them during 40 years of peace. When war cam.e the question was asked, "Is our army ready for it l" "Ycs," Was the unhesitating answer of the aristocratic military clique. The army was pronounced by Peninsular veterans to boe capable of any services that might be demanded of it, its organization was that by which it had won great victories in a former war, it had during more than a generation been governed by men who had received peerages, orders, anad pensions on the ground of their achievements, who knew what actual war was;-how, then,should it not be able, as the phrase went, to " go " anywhere and do anything ?" Of the talk which we have heard since about parsimony having destroyed its efficiency, about "the system" containing the certain seeds of failure, there was then not a word. Parliament was sitting, and sat till long after the armies were on the Bosph6rus and inBulgaria,-until the tranSports wereactutay assembling for an invasion of the Crimea. 'Why, then, wero these military critics silent ? Tho conclusion is ovident,-that the authorities to whom the Britishnation had trustingl3 comimitted the mnagment of its army both in principle and detail were ignorant of this exigencies of modern warfare,-that a generatlon of officers1had.come into existence who were unable to foresee the necessary result of their own orga tiona, nd. knew not that the British army must, from the first day of a campaign, move steadily and swiftly to destruction. The appointments..to the chief commainls.were never questioned, s9imply' because the country knew nothing of the subject. W.ho chcse the generals, why they were chosen, on what conditioins they were appointed, and with what instructions they were sent to their posts, we are not likely to learn. Their names show how far they were or were not connected wit], the ruling clique,-the hien 'who had created the very cc system)' wl,ich is now the universal scapegoat. Lord R33LAx, Lord DE ROs, Lord LucA, Lord OAnDIGAN, Sir R. iAxns, Colonel the Ron. ATn ?wDs GounoN were among ihe chief persons to whom were committed the destinies of England in a perilous enterprise. At least it might be thought that these officers knew the British army and each other. The want of a common understanding and of fellow-feeling could hardly be predicated of men in the same rank of life, brought up in the traditions of the same military school, and tho same belief in its. perfection and their own. At any rate, it might be thought they would work together, help each other, forget when the time came any private jealousies, any routine pedantry about the separation of their " departients;" further it might be expected that the last defence that each would make for any shortcomings would be ono that necessarily throws the blame on t.hose with whom he served. The holur of active service comes, and with it the calamities of the British army. Now, were those calamities real or fictitious? Did the men dlie from want of fresh food, for want of proper tents, hutting, blanlkets, and clothing ? Were the horses starred with hunger and cold ? In other words, were the facts dwelt upon in the communications of newspaper correspondents, in the thousands of letters from officers and soldiers to their friends at home, and afterwards officially confirmed by tlhe report of Sir JoHN AfNmn and Colonel TuaoLwci, true or fabulous? If they were true,-if men and horses perished miserably,-if the British army would have been 3uined but for the revelations of the press,-if, asit is, the British name has i suffered much throughout the world, then there must be somebody to blame. These are the facts. !Disasters took place, for which the superior of 6cers of the army must be held responsible. The Crimean Commissioners implicated certain of those officers. The Chelsea Commissioners acquit them fully and triumphantly. But the disasters remain unaccounted for. Did they produce themselves ? Did the men die of mere perversity ? If not, then there must be blame somewhere. The Chelsea Commissioners prudently refrain from solving the question. The fact is that the whole inquiry was a farce,a scandalous one indeed, and likely to have serious consequences hereafter, but, as far as regarded lords Locux and CARDIGAN, Sir R. A1Rau and Colonel I GODON, a mere mockery. No one ever heard of an analogous proceeding in civil Rractice. HIere were sufferings "horrible and heartrending," which could not be denied. Government had sent Commissioners to inquire into them. The Commissioners made their report, whieh might be considered to represent the verdict of a Grand Jury or of a Coroner's Inquest. The implicated officers -were in the position of men charged with an offence, and Government was bound either to prosecute or to declare that there was no reason for prosecuting. Instead of this a Board is ap| pointed, before which the officers are allowed " to " make a statement." TIhat is, the defendant' is I to be tried without any evidence for the prose- cution being brought forward. In the cases of Sir R. AIREY, Colonel GonDoN, and fr. FILDER, Colonel TOLLOCIH was not even present to watch the case on behalf of Sir J. MNRUL and himself, who were virtually put on their triaL Every one knewv what must be the result. The Court scarcely concealed its partiality. The implicated officers and their friends were allowed to use a tone and manner towards Colonel TuLLoCH which would have called dolwn the severest reprobation of any judge in a court of common law. Every witness mnuew that if he served those whom the military authorities were determined to uphold he might expect no small reward; on the other hand, that it would be a black day for hiim if he proved unfaithful to the common cause. Even a man who has served his country and gained its esteem felt ' not inconsistent with his dignity to come forward and in a pompous harangue bespatter with ridiculous praise the authors of a miserable calamity. Now we have the result. After two months the report appears. The Board is satisfied that Lord LucA "exercised every " exertion to meet the peculiar difficulties -which "he had to contend with, and that he is " therefore not chargeable with neglect in the "performance of the im.ortant duties attached "to his command." Lord CARDIGAN iS similarly acquitted. Sir R. ARrY, and, as the greater includes the less, Colonel GoRDON also, are fully exonerated. Although the latter has told us that he fully agreed with the statements in this journal about the mismanagement that prevailed, the Board acquits the department in spite of itself. If warm clothing was not issued, Sir R. AmEY and his subordinate are blameless, because the " responsibility of that officer must be " understood to be limited to the duty "of making requisitions for certain stores, " and not to their safe custody, stowage, or even "issue." If rugs were not issued, though in store, it was because they were useless for the keeping out of wet and cold, though it does not appear wly rugs of this quality should be found in the stores of the richest army in the world. If the greatcoats vere not issued, it was because they were too smal for the men who wore I under-clothing; if the shoes were not issued, it was because they were totally unfit for the purposes of a campaign. If there were no tents, yet Sir E2. AiREY had, two months after landing in the Crimea, written home a requisition for them. The paillasses were not issued, because there was no hay or straw to stuff thenm with. With regard to huts, " the Quartermaster-G9neral's Depart"ment completely fulfilled its duty by ordering "huts at an early period irom Constantinople"namely, 8th Nrovember, 1854 ?" that is, sending down to some overworked commissaries directions to procure wood, nails, hinges, tools, and carpenters, in quantities that the Mediterranean would not have supplied in less than three or four months. It is of no use to go on. One phrase is continually repeated-" the xesponsibilityof the Quartermaster"Generals Department was confined to malding a "recuisition" for such and sucih a thing. The upshot is, that the department is " completely "relieved" from all blame. Such is the result of the Chelsea Commission. The shameful history of these transactions is fitly concluded by a document which pronounces-that each officer is justified in confining himself to the most bare performance of hiA ordinary duties. How far the duty of originating measures rests on the Commander-in-Chief must be decided by common sense. The general idea of sich'- a. personage is as riding the whirlwind and, directing the storm; we must confess, however, that we see no traces of such an activity in the British Crimean -army. It is singular .enoUh that in the whole of these investigations the name of Lord RAGDA2W hardly once fH . appearu. The heads bf departments are "mking re "quisitmiod' on each other, the Generals a quarelling, while cold and_ stavation ae doing their wvork on the unhappy army, and we now: have it, .Qn the authority of a Board of Generals, that these officers are completely exonerated. They will receive the congratiblatiofis of their ownu set, they will keep their rank, ana o.rders, and pa,y, and whatever else tney may value. On the esteem or confidence of thepublic we know they set little store, and it is fortunate for them, for they will never. receive it. The conclusions to which men of understandiDg have come are not to be altered by the.partisan verdict of such a. trnbunal as sat iat Chelsea. The lesson remains. We see what notion oficers of the dominant schlool take of their own duties, and what confidence may be placed on their predictions before war and their subsequent judgment on its events. If the Chelsea inquiry convinces the nation that there is no hope of improvement but in thorough reform, it will not hare been held in vain.
The scheme embodied in the motion of Mr. WinKxsoN for limiting the duration of Parliamentary speeches has, we know, been favourably entertained by a la-rge number of politicians for some time past. A great number of circumstances have conspired to give it a superficial appearance of plausibility. The actual business of the country has increased. Proposals for changes and reforms have increased in a still greater degree. Every body and every party have some grievance for which " sornethingmust be done." The consequence is, that among the crowd of subjects which press themselves on legislative attention during any one session a very small proportion assume the definite form of legislative enactments before its close. This is a subject of regret and lamentation. Action does not keep pace with speeches and expectations. This is not all. Among those who are most querulous on the proportion between work and talk-as they distinguish the operations of Parliament-are persons who remember the old House of Commons in days before the Reform Bill. In those days the few great men delivered speeches, the igiwile tv'lgus gave silent votes. The converse of the pict-ure alarms the eulogists and memorialists of the past. They are shockled at the "nobodies" parodying the effects of the great speakers who are gone, and at more time being given to ordinary talk than was devoted to eloquence of the highest order ever known in the annals of our Senate. There is certainly some truth in the assertions thus made. There are far more subjects introduced to the notice of the House, and more speeches allotted to their discussion, than correspond with the number of measures carried or evils remedied. True, also, that there is nothing like the eloquence of former days heard in the House; nothing which approaches to the ornate and polished copiousness of CAN-IG, the wit of SHERIDAN, the magnificent declamation of Pm. The best modern speakers speak entirely in a different style from their predecessors-a style borrowed in part from the commonplace platitudes of the majority whom they address. But, admitting these premises, we must dissent from the conclusions to which they lead. We cannot tolerate the idea of any limitationbeing affixed to then-mber of speakers or the duration of speeches. Any such limitation would be as dangerous in result as it is unconstitutional in design. Parliament, er ri tei22i, is the great palace and temple of free speech. So far as freedom of speech can be most fully and completely enjoyed without infringing on public order or decorum, so far it should be enjoyed in that assembly whose foundations are based on, and whose moral influenco is supported by, the openness and liberty of its discussions. The day of monarchical menace and despotic interference is gone by. The idea of a Sovereign coming down to the House to arrest a violent orator, or of a powerful Minister suggesting his imprisonment, belongs to an age the historical traditions of which sound in our ears almost like fictions. But there are other influences not less fatal to Parliamentary usages than a despotic Sovereign or an arbitrary Mfinister. The bind passion of party, which can brook neither hostile criticism nor impartial inquiry-the fussy precipitation which is always burning to have " something done" without weighing the good and evil elements of the measure -the exacting intolerance of indolence which demands a practical solution without a logical examination or an argumentative analysis -all these may combine to reduce Parliament to the degradation of registering edicts -without discussing projects, just as much as in former days a Star Chamber or a Bed of Justice did. And when we consider that -with these influences is co-operating a love of bureaucratic establishments at least for the places which they create, the salaries which they dispense, and the adherents whom they provide for, we confess that we think the dangers of any such interference with the free speech of the representative ought not to be overlooked or underrated even by the stanchest advocates for the despatch of public business. No. England is one of the few countries in the world which owns the power of public opinion. Perhaps it would not be too much to say that England and the United States are the only two Governments which derive their hardy origin from exposure to those blasts of opinion which they meet instead of shirking, encourage rather than deprecate. And the difference between the two is this,-while the opinion which in the United States makes Presidents and determines the policy of their Administrations is the opinion of the most active leaders or the most self-interested portion of the community, the opinion which in England influences a Ministry is one gradually compoundedof many varied and sectionalopinionsin their origin hostile and antagonistic, but, as reflection and discussion mould them, blended andl fused into a temperate compromise or a general concordance. Such a result can only be the slow growth of timne. In a State so composed as our there is a vast gulf between classes, sects, and occupations. Each has but an imperfect knowledge of the other; while-in accordance with every known principle of human nature-each thinks it can improve, reform, or elevate the others. But the intervention which, without previous conference and mutual explanation, would be rightly deemed impertinent and obtrusive, is made useful and beneficial by a common examination and a prolonged discussion. Had any violent demagogue been armed with dictatorial powers, he would have quickly carried the Reform Bill, the Repeal of CatholicDisabilities, theRepeal of theCorLaws, Law Reforms, Church Reforms, with a strong and heavy hand. He would have put down this oppression and that wrong just as LoUIs NArorso has put down insurrection at Lyons. But the temper of the English people would have tolerated this exhibition of a " strong Government' -with far less equanimity than they tolerate the delay and the prolixity of their actual Legislature. And justly so; for they feel tkat the diguity and independence of.a State depend less on any special acts of Government than on the influelnce-which the whole body of the people exercises in fmuing those act;, and the expression of opinion -which elicits them. Some Governors of our Colonies occsionally force through their Councils bundles of ordinances Utterly nl CrCUstanoes, merely F fbecaue 'hey e d 'by English legislation.iThee.ocea' are'fr the moment they are puwed a deid letter' ad such -wOud be the~ case awith-Englih a f Prliament if they were not thorongbly,nitea and ifted half-a-dozen times from the iret moent of notice of their introduction to theirl last stage St the third reading. r } But it issa¶dhat the pr.vilegeedtheRous Bometimesperverted to the purpos of perional grievances. We -komw they are; nd w th5i- that they sihould be. -Where -there isn no. other legal remedy, Parlisament is the lastresort for the oppressed aud the injured subjects of' the Cow-. And it is well, it should be no.- There has been many an imaance of m:en failing to obtain reares before ordinary tribunals, and getting at least reparation of character by appeal to the House of Commons. There are things for which a man cmnnot be legally punished, but which he would tremble to hear proclaimed aloud to the assembled Comimons. There are things for which a lan cannot sue or punish a malignant and insidious foe, but for -which the House of Commons will give him their sympathy and suDport. There are -whole classes or professions of men who may be maligned, misunderstood, and calumniated; for ihem the House of Commaons is the sole court of 'inal acquittance. And who would wish to see asach a right abolished? It is true that these privileges may be sometimes abused to the retardation of business and the injury of legislation; but this cannot often happen. The remedy is with the House itself, that assembly whose collective judpgment and good sense are so superior to the judgment, and sense of any one able member on its benches. The Rouse can suppress factious or tedious discussion when it chooses. It can put down bores, and it can silence impertinence. But we have ill read its character, and ill studied itBs proceedings, if it ever, through an impatience of tedious garrulity, or an impulse to " get through, " business," consents to put an undue restraint upon the liberty of debate, and follows the worst of those foreign precedents -which we have alternately pitied and condemned, by suppressing 'within its walls that legitimate circulation of opinion which should be to it as the vital principle of existence, and the most precious guarantee for the preservation of national freedom.!
MI-r. RoxEBucr has for some time past assumed to himself the functions of the chortus in a Greek tragedy when the chorus is most energetic. He praises, he blames; he acquits, he condemns; he invokes the vengeance of the EinrarNs against thle successful culprits who may for a time have succeeded in evading human justice. He is, in a word, the conscience of the House. Last night, for example, he was engaged in the task of denouncing Mr. JAqEs SAD=R. There can be no doubt that Mr. JAarms S.xDrn7, is a person totaly unfit to be a member of the EIouse of Commons, or of any decent society. If any faith can be placed in judicial proceedings, this p)erson has been the associate of his brother in the perpetration of a series of historic frauds. The brother, indeed, has evaded the penalties of the law by rushing into the presence of his Thfxs to answer for the crimes which he has committed here below. He shrank from the reeponsibility of his acts; he dared not face the misery of the persons whom he had reduced to beggary and ruin; or, perhaps, we state the case more fairly when we say that he dreaded the penalty which attlached to his crimes. The general execration, the open trial, the public condemnation, sanctioned by the approval of alL and the long years of penal servitude, were something too much for his nerves, and so he had recourse to suicide, as the lesser evil. With him humaan justice is no longer conerned. The penalty of death is the highest penalty known to the law, 'and he has inflicted it upon himself. The case of Mr. JAMBS SAD3R is, however, different. He was the willing dupe, not the tempter. HEad JouN SADnamn never lived, JA3Ms SADLaM might have passed through life an obscure and respectable man. The world, however, is not concerned in settling the degrees of crime as between the two brothers. All we know is, that JA<ss SA3>LauR has fled from justice, and that he is accused of conspiring with Jox SADLEIB to cheat and defraud the public, by means of false representations that the Tipperary Bank was a solvent institution when it was hopelessly bankrupt. About three weeks ago a warrant was issued against him. A week ago a bill of indictment agaimst him was presented to the grand jury of the coulvty of Tipperary, and was found to be a true bilL. Upon this true bill the Judge of Assize issued a warrant for his apprehension on Saturday last, but in the interval Mr. JAnus SaS"az had absconded. Such are the exact circumstances of the case under which Mr. RomuCK brought forward last night his motion that Mr. JAmns SADnEI should be expelled from the House of Commons. We regret to add that the House seems to have been justified in a riving at the conclusion that as yet the motion was premature. The objections are purely formal, but it is true that we have no more right to bring our previous knowledge to bear upon the question than a juryman has to base his decision upon any facts other than those which may be disclosed in the course of a trial. If the House of Commons had a right by law and custom to take a more extended -view of the case, and with regard to any one of its members to come to a decision upon general considerations, the case wold( be very different. Mr. JkaMS SADIEiR, no doubt, under such circumstances, would have ceased to be a member of the British House of Comrons last night. It will be seen by reference to our Parliameniary report of this day that the lawyers fairly got theo petter of Mr. Hossmurc Mr. WonTsLir objeeted that he based his motion upon doeument; which, however worthy of credit, were not yet in the hands of members. The expulsion of a peccant senator is a very serious step. not only as far as regards himself, but still more as regarcds the constituency which he represents; it is but reasonable that strong grounds should be shown ana some time given for cansideration ere the House ventures upon so serious a course. There is no saying to -vhat extrmities such a precedenit might lead us. SuppoBe the case of a strong Govermment, or of a strong Opposition, and t-hat a precedent could be shown for the expulsion of a member without inoquiry or consideration, and it is obvious that any troudblesome opponent might quickly receive his quietus. Mr. J. D. FIZGERAI, in the course of his addres -o the House, remarked that there had been no cse exactly in. point since the Revolution. In one instance of dubious authority a -member had been expelled, not for fraud, but for contempt; but in his cas, there had been a select commitee._ The ATToa.-,EY-Gu1ZEP. admitted that a conviction or an outlawlry would be a good ground for disqualfication; but in the case of Mr. JAMES SADEIR there uas absolutely iio proceeding to thow to which the delinquent hia been - a party Ihinself. Finally, t;rd FMWsiksTO, whose province it is, whie everybody else -,,as spoken, to intervene from the Treasury Bench, declared it 'ashisopion - that the. House shouIld not proceed -without some'formial ground, iiuai-s the conviction-of the culprit, r-hit confessi6n "or at lesat the report of tome corumitnae.; So theprevious question>was carried; arid, under existing arrangements, this, no dowbt, must be
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. SPATN. (BY MBIRM A?ID BRrfLS TRI. GRAPE.) We have received the following telegraphic de6patch from our Paris correspondent:- *- PARIS, THuRsDAY, JULY 21, 8 r.ar. "On the 23d, at 8 a.m., the troops were masters of every point at Ba-rcelona, but still remained under arms. " The struggle was very sanguinary. "Preparations were being made for executing the persons who were taken with arms in their hands. " General Ruiz commands the garrison at Gerona, which has risen." The Moniteur of yesterday publishes the following news from Barcelona, from which it appears that the resistance there was much more determined than was at first supposed "The firing lasted on the 18th from 5 o'clock in the evening till midnight; it was resumed on the 19th in the morning until 8 o'clock in the evening. lt continued during the whole of the 20th and 21st $ill 6 in the evenving. "On this latter day the insurgents, having been driven from their chief positions in Union-stheet, New-street, and Rambla-street, and from the hospital ,of the Juniere, took to the country. " They were followed 'by cavalry, and put to the sword. " Gerona and Junquera are still in a state of insarrection. "Figueras is tranquil. The garrison is ready to ire at a moment's notice. " It is thought that the victory at Barcelona will put a stop to any other rising in Catalonia."
COURT CIRCULAR. OSBORNE, JuLy 24. The Queen and Prince, wvith the Prinee and Princess of lPrussia, the Prince of Wales, and the Princess Royal, craised in the Royal yacht Victoria and Albert yesterday -afternoon. Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar arrived on a visit to Her iajesty. A deputation from the Aborigines Protection Soeciety had an interv-iew yesterday vrith Mr. Secretary Labouchere, at the Colonial-office. The deputation consisted of Dr. Hedg1dn, the Rev. Professor Nicolay, Captain Kennedy, and MIessrs. Malcolm Lewin, R. Smith, jun., John Mayfield,W. Binns Smith, F. W. Chesson, and G. L. Neighbonr. A dqpmtation, consisting of Mr. Price, MP., Mr. Coffin, hLP., and Colonel Kemeys Tynte, M.P., had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley and the Right Hon. R. Lowe, yesterday, at the ofrfce of the Board of Trade.
THE MAas.-LrvxsRPOOa, July 23.-The United States, mail steamship Atlantic sailed from this port for New York to-day, with 64 passengers, a fair cargo, and the T}E DxsTra oF AnDnx.A GLYzN,. - Admiral Eenry Richard Glvnn died on Sunday last at his residence at Bideford. Devon, at the age of 87 years. The Admiral was the son of Serjeant Glynn. formerly M.P. for Middlesex. He entered the navy as first-class volunteer in 1780 on board the Belona, 74, Captain Richard Onslow, whom he accompanied to the West Indies. From 1783 until he obtained sis fist commission in 1790 he served afloat on the different stations at Portsmouth, Janmaica, and Halifax. He joined in February, 1794, the Royal George, 100, bearing the flag of Admiral Lord Bridport, under w om he took part in the "glorious " 1st of June, and also in the action of the 23d of June, 1795. In October the following year he was appointed to the Scourge, 16, and while in the command captu±ed Le Furet, French privateer of 10 guns, and 50 men. In April, 1798, he was made a post captain, and subsequently had the command of several ships, the last the Vangard, 74, which he commanded on service in the Baltic 2rom January, 1809, until December, 1811. His commissions were dated as follows :-Lieutenant, October 128, 1790; commander, June 29, 1795; captain, April 10, 1797; rearadmiral, July 19, 1821; vice-admiral, January 10, 1837 - and admiral, November 9,1846. The deceased had received the silver war medal and two clasps, and also the medal awarded to the officers who served in Lord Howe's fleet from the 1st of June. The late admiral served the office of ayor of Plymouth in 138 Lieutenant H. R. Glynn, RN 13 son cf the deued admh THx COL[CTORS OF INCOME-TAX.-A fresh return has been published of the namres of pe sons employed in thle collection and assessment ofthe income-tax, and land bsd ass,esed taxes, during theyai ending the 5th of April, 1856. It appears that several f. these coaectors derve 'very large gatis from the service ; and that most of them are employed in other duties. Mr. Dichard Till (clerk to the cOmmBissioners) derives the enormous emolument of 7,2301. for salary and allowances, and out of this. sum he onl a 9001. to three assistants. 4br. Tilt ig not, however, olve,rwemed with work, seein that he is II occeaonallyn" employed in other dnties. It should eo understood that the 7,2301. is received under the intcome-tax, and that, besides this, Mr. Till receives 5221. for the colection of the land and assessed taxes, of t of which he pays 1711i for the servics Of ttee clerks, one of whom receives only 301. a-year. Another pluratvst is Mr. 3landiel arker, the crier of the Old Bailey, and toastlmaster, who receives au annual income of su 54Zj -der the in. come-tax, and 501. under the land and assessed ta&xes. Other collectors receiving large salaries arei Mr. B. Welsh, 460.; r.Heny oun, 601 ; r.Wilfam Ogilvie' 2,661.; r. Jmes rche, 641.~and Mr. L+ogee of the land-tax 5-1,8201., and thatofheassdtas 46,8211., making a grand total of98,9.Itmyb erememberedl that when we publishedcnasrctolh a return of income-tax collectors, last autumn, much dissatis. :faction w.s provoked by the inordinately lucrativerees,-ipts and emolumients of the collectors, and severalI lett-ers ap. peared in outr colunsn on the subject.
. * .I JUTLY FMIMES AT BRUSBELS. I' ' - (FRON OUB; OW oopy1PND.1 . BRlJUSES, WEiM-FSDAY ArrmN?OoN. It is said of King Clovis that when, shortly after 'hisgconversion, he was. conducted into a cathedral, he believed he was already in. Paradise, so greatly did the brilliancy before bis eyes differ from the rude objects by which he was usualy surrounded. The illumnination of the Boulevards last night was sufficient to make a. similar impression on any one who had never before seen to what a pitch of perfection the combination of variegated lamps could be brought. It extended from tLe Porte de Cologne to the Porte de Namur,, aundin many places the road, by the arranagement &o. lights on each side and over 'head, seemed converted into a glittering ball-room, Isolongthatthe extremities almost vatished to a I tspectator placed inl the middle. The grandest effect of this kind was produced in front of the " Botanical-garden," along which one of these splendid mumicries extended, a series of glittering chandeliers increasing the lustre of a haR bul sit th tight. Through the avenues thus formed passed all the population Of' the towtn, delighted-with their gorgeous holyday, and creating no more tumult than if they F eequietly pursuing their every-day vocations. w tenve bear in mindi the dillicultv of traversing the London streets if some zealous illuminator ventures on a bad transparency, or achieves a motto three words long, the conduct of the Belgian multitude in passing through-we may almost saymiles of continuons lustre, such as can no more be seen in England than the constellations of the Antarctic Pole, becomes doubly admirable. The public edifices were illuminated as well as the Boulevards, and that renowned monument of mediieval architecture the Hotel de Ville made a splendid appearance, all the lines of the building being marked out -with rows of lamps. Ilumination of private houses is not carried to such an extent as in London, three Ior four paper lanterns being usually deemed sufficient to honour the occasion. This arrangement contributes to the beauty of the general effect, for, the grand illuminations being under the superintend. ence of the ruling authorities of the f6tes, an unity of design is produced at all the important points, whereas the spirit of private enterprise leads but to a collection of glittering fragments. Such a scene as that oin the Boulevards could only be effected by a corporate determination. There were, however, exceptions to the general rnle, and FI. lbozez, a bookseller,, has been conspicuous day and night by the profusion of flowers and ambercoloured chandeliers vvith v,hich the front of his establishment is adorned. Gas is but scantily employed, and lamps are certainly much better fitted for the purpose of illumination, as they do not vary with .every breath of wind. The paper lantern, -which constantly makes its appearance, is, however, objectionable from the circumstance that it easily catches fire, and drops in burning fragments on the spectators belowr. Considering the number of mischances of this kind that occurred last night, and likewise -the number of ladies in muslin who passed along the pavement, we need not be surprised if we hear of two or three accidents. It hashbeen already inentioned that the front of the Duke of Brabant's palace-once the residence of .the Prince of Orange-iS fitted up with a temporary orchestra. The performance there was resumed yesterday evening, prior to nightfall, and the rain, s6emin gly~ unfavourable to the review alone, having ceased, the park and the adjoining streets were thickly occupied. The airs played by the band are those of. the varions provinces, among which " La Brabaneonne" is most conspicuous. Several new sets of words have beer, set -to this favourite air. which dates from the Revolution of 1830. In one of these the following lines occur:- 0 o Prince, la, Belgique entiRre "Pour hoeorer ta Royaut6 " Transfornme en bouquet populsire *- Son arbre de la libertI." The allusion here is to one of the most popular decorations of the fete. The " tree of liberty" which stands in front of the, King's Palace, where it was planted 25 years ago, has been so profusely adorned and surrounded with flowers, that it almost assumes the appearance of a huge bouquet. Throughout the fete care has been taken that the late Queen shall hold a prominent place in the public mind. On the Place Royale, near a colossal arch in honour of King Leopold's inauguration, stands another, of equal. dimensions, dedicated to' her memory, and surnmounting the insignia of royalty, piled up in a funereal mamner. In the celebration of .the national independence that deeply-lamented lady is evidently regarded as spiritualy present, as a good genius watching over the welfare of the people. The " facts" of the solemnity cannot be otherwise interpreted. To-day being the last day of the festival, one of those ceremonies whlich seem peculiar to Belgium took place on a scale of magnificence which the ,connoisseurs in municipal pomp declare to be without precedent. Thiis -was the cavalcade, composed of historical and allegorical ears, which, entering and r6turning by the Boulevarl d'Anvers, passed through alli the principal streets. The reader must not attach. to thewvord " ca3' any particular likeness to a coach or even-a triumphal Phariot. So long as it moves. onx wheels, it may be a tower, or a ship, or a throne, or anything,iin'shbrt, that circumstances may suggest; and largely was the Belgian fancy exercised on this occasion. By the historical cars each of the -provinces 'which sent one symbolized its own specialty. Limburg, coumected with the origin of the Salian Franks, was represented by a colossal tower, surmounted by King Clovis borne on a shield by his soldiers. St. Hubert, sumptuously lodged in a rustic chapel, and sIrrounded by every svmbol of the 'ehiise, ~denoted' Ieixemburgr; Eainault re-' joiced inrenvving.'the memory of Cou}nt Baldwvin, th1e FramikCmperor& of ConsBtantinople; a moreo thans colossal statue of James Van Artev.elde. d.enoteF1 ]j3asterg CFlapders; W'sestern :Flanders sent no ca., but got up a, magnificent procession, in which the .instiWti1onof'the: (Order of the Golden Fleece .:ws recto.ded, The Eriueror Charles V. and the in.tbUblest of his day, moiuted'> on a huge ship, reprhsenttd Bx'abant Antwerp and Namur, the fir3t-ke1uibiting' her leabrned 2nen aud arti,sts, the second her niiitary lheroes, closed the historical train, X toe followed by Cars o a -purely allegeiical character; -ivelles sent her car of agriculture, loade'd *-with-all ports of cereal attributes; G-hent a botanic ear, that is -to; sajy, a moving- mass of vet-' ,dure,# ._ ,the midst of which a real foJntain ,Was -.playing; ;.Tg conitributed two splendid "allegdries of her industry, one' belonciing espe- iauy 4t6her aimorial functions; *Hainault, in adPiitfo4 'ti,h4 :hibitoriel 'ear sbnit forth a ie y$nbo1; and thewvhole procession terminate;4ith' a superb car of Peace, 'aurni.odnted.. by '.the portrait o-f King Leopold. Eveiy oneof these cargw# fol.Jowed by- auzappropriate-corte5, -sometmies of ex- * *eedingtlexsgthi>so:thX many' honsand persons puust *,ave beek&visi'ly. employed!inr the ceremonym - rThis meag}Re iccounJaf .a splendkL:pageant ys.y.se,to * give!' some 'notiqnrof'. its: alagnitude, .bu-jhe excessive beautyl tlhatr pervaded 'every -part of. it *: ,nnt b.c; ceiveabytioseyAiho did&notv t_qss itC, * 'he-Kingg asd .his family-.suarveyed. the procession, ironu,the;balpony of 'the oiyl Palace. .4i-running; Jire,pof.pUeen-nkasjept , eah cor'eeac it >;pfag4F>.* y l acc6treda " Peace!", Iuna, 'eaths L hissea p;h Let itbeaded tEiat there Was not a cheer oIL the part of .theii6ititidealpw thath-dijld.n¶trecei.ve. due-acknoivleJTgm'ent, ,froin the..balcony.algvgj so that one testimnony ixore i.wa'givLen pof the. mutual a1cion *e,ween se i andhis people. -- ...;.i
FOREIGGY INTgLL1XGENCE. .'''' FiLATE. ;, - . (Fuo. Om OWN Orowmml -. J porElo af ti, e ifo1loSd gap;pearea in our saoon 1di- sA~~~~~- .. w -7.d d - _..............D. PARIS, WXDXEIDAY, JUL 2 6 r2 x The' Sp ia reivolution is ening tht phase through ' whicfi al paniah revolutions inevitably pas, andwhich is' byfa the moat agreeablo pirt..f the business to the parties concerned. The hour arrives for the ilstribution of honoura, and rewards, rank nd -ribands.. The bell has rung for the awving -Iout of Wha:tSpaniards call tarron. _Turron is a sweet- meat o,niposed of ,nuts and honey, and the team is. p ylayullyjand figur&tivelyapplied to the recompen!es Deso.wec on diainterested patriots and loyal defenderx of the Throne. It seems that in Sp people zoseldom'do their duty that, when they do, they are considered to have a right to a rws r,-and the right is especially urged and recognized: on.the morroir of a political convulsion. Thiswas never more strong ly exemplified than after the revolutinn of 184. The IModerados used to have the reputation of particular greediness on such occasions, butwhin the orsta,afterllyehrs exclusion from power.got theupper: hand, they showed that their appetite, shatpened tenancesquite as unblushing, as thatof thosepolitical adversaries. Scandalous and disgusting was the avidity with which they pressedforrewards for servioes, real or imagiary. The hig,hest set them the example. The Vicalvarsts-thagis to say, O'Donnell and the officers who revolted with him, and who took their name from the paltry sLirmishof Vicalvaro, exalted into a desperate engagement by those who took part in it-had pledged themselves to derive no personal advantage from the revolution, and Dulce, taxed with having sought his own gain by the most deliberate treachery to the Government he served, was particularly energetic in repudiating all rewarl. Nevertheless, not one of those men but received advancement and decorations* and Dulce, within a muonth after the triumph of the revolution, was a Grand Cross and a Lieutenant-GeneraL Everybody was rewarded at that time; some for assisting the revolutionothers for not opposing it-other3, who had done nothing, because they had been patriots a long time ago-many for no other reason than because they were friends of Espartero or beloved by O'Donnell. Men who were never seen so long as fighting was going on, but who afterwards stood behind neatly-built barricades, making, as the Portugueso say, " ferocious faces at the enemy," were constant haunters of Ministerial ante-chambers mntil their services were recognized and requited. The vwole of the National Guard of MLadrid was decorated at one fell svwoop ; throughout the whole army there was a step of promotion; the accoutrement-makers were unable to meet the demand for epaulettes. It was shrewdly observed in Madrid at the time that such lavish distributions were a bribe to revolutions, at least so far as the army was concerned, and that we should not wait long for a repetition of the profitable comedy. The prediction has been verified, although the comedy ha proved rathertragieforsome hundred poorwretches vho havegaspedouttbeirlives on the pavements of MIadrid. The play being played out, the actors look for their salary. Last time, although rewards were for everybody, the honour anid glory were for the people. In every game and contest, even in a sham fight, one party must have the worst of it. Now the army have taker their innings. They have paid off the mob for the discomfiture of 1854, and are declared to have merited well of their Queen and country. Forthwith begins the wholesale distribution of the nuts and honey. Nothing this time for the Nationals; they are in the shade, poor fellows ! and, besides, it is not their turn. But it is always the turn of the arniy, especiallv when Generals have made the revolution. So here are silver crosses, and pensions, and cigars for the soldiers; gold crosses and embroidered scarfs and steDs of rank for their chiefs. In some countries the suppression of a revolt, a victory over irresolute civilian soldiers, would not be deemed an occasion for such extensive reward. But in Spain every fight, however small, must bring its feather. Your Spanish snmiliaire has no.notion of doing his duty gratis; he considers himself paid to grow fat in garrison; if you call upon himn to fight, you must reward him, or he is a malcontent. Accordingly, we hear already of promotions and high favours flowing abundantly from the inexhaustible cornucopia of iioyal bounty; and more gladly, we may be very sure, are they dispensed than those that issued from the samie source in 1854. Serrano, the Queen's early favourite, is made a Field-Marshal. General HacCrohon, O'DonAell's second at the Ministry of War, is to be a Lieutenant-General. General Armero, who kept down Valladolid, receives similar advancement. Henry O'Donnell, the Marshal's brother, a Colonel the otber day, now a Brigadier, is to be Major-General. High favours are reserved for Ros de Olano, Dlulce, Messina, and Concha. It seems a sort of fashion in Spain for politico-military cliques to take their names from unsuccessful or insignificant battles. Thus, we formerly had the Ayacuchos, who, in Espartero's early days of power, were supposed to monopolize influence and all good things, and now there are the Vicalvarists, who seem walking in the same path. "It appessrs also," says the rspora, which, I presume, may now be considered a Government organ, ""that Her MIajesty will recompense the Marquis de la Solana (Urbistondo, the ex-Carlist) and other Generals of the army. The propositions of reward for the chiefs and officers of the brave garrison of Madrid are very numerous, and Her Majesty bas desired that all the soldiers, corporals, and sergea-nts who have most distinguished themselves should be largely recompensed." Her Majesty, not having to pay, can afford to be generous, but each new revolution constitutes a heavv additienal charge on the impoverished exchequer of Spain. It is ia hope of such reward that, as soon as order is disturbed, one sees a rush of military men to the side most likely to win. One difficulty arising from such frequent distribution of honours is, that they becomae exhausted. When a man is a Field-Marshal, and has aU the broad ribands in the gift of the Crown, what is to he given to him ? Nc.thing remains but Golden Firleeces and titles of nobility; and these, we hear, are now to be dispensed! The telegraphic communication with Madrid by. way of Saragossa continues interrupted; and, altbough the seniaphore has been re-established from the Spanish capital to Vittoria, we have received little authentic and important intelligence of later date than is brought by the post. It is positive, althouigh the Spanish Government mnay, perhaps, endeavour to conceal-it, that the embassy at Paris has been offerea to Naavaez, and refused by him. That wily chief is at Bayonne, like a cat upon the spring. It is probably not his game to aecept anything that would identify him with the Government of VODonnell. - or this revolution has not been tmade ;in,a3Ioderado sense. Some timae ago, -wheh O'Doniuel was told i the Cortes, by a Progresista deputy,- that it was :not he and his 2,000 cavalry wha had made the revolution of 1854, but the people of Spain, he repliedthat the revolutiol had -been effected by a dozenpresolute men, meaning himself and his brother Vicalvarists. Well, he is now in dsmger of finding himself isolated, with this handful of adherents, between the two great parties that divide the coun-.' try. He proposes, it appears, to govern on the, principle3 of. what was called the liberal Union, but whicll was never cordially subscribed to either by Progresistas or Moderados. He adheres to the constitution framed by the Constituent Cortes, but he dares mot meet those Cortes, 90 of whose. members have already unanimously voted him on-- Worthy of their confidence. The attitade he has assumed. and the programme of government which has been put forn-i3rd, through a channel thatmay he considered offieial, denote his conscionaneas of his:o6IMn:wvakness. Sarzigossa has not yet submitted,and-to-day' it is stated that a 'oatta40on orpoo,. marching from Pampeluna to Soriaphas-branched-' -ogt-join the Aragonbeet - In Caaoiiia too thereis said to be greaf Iermentation-not inBarcelona, il)ut tliropgholt-the p'rovinee. Adniittfing, howrever,: forargiiment s - sake, that these unpleasant s^ymptomss are qincidy' 'subdued, and that .th'e'-woloe of Spain' submits: to, the 0 Donnei( Government, the. posIitocI -of s7 chief is stl, as it' appears to- ;me.' one, or bXtreme -difficut It is hard to' see 'where he-'will look for support -The -bder.ados' will Iepuuiate his pr :d remember - -that - threw- them over in 18 - 'the-P.rtekitas, 'ho evbrh ooafidonee iihim'I snd-Who±td h6 a iJUst Jiound= aid-dhotdow I evt§fhmiadrid3 *ill opjwe him witight '-d -iiaink- aIAtl7se 'friend 6 id do'lb aitor.' ptoposeg csdissblvez th*-&I~onstinitu~ Codas (,~ 'lEzfi l Xs b' ,lso~ 'but w whentheir taskiL mpleted), and ; oonvoke orci' I naly on.es. IJpon :what sy3sem and by lrec-t6raL law il ie do thial -Ib hae -iietSte countenance anadtppOrtof th- ;Cout,audJ tir Caaila and illcit inuenoe w e a -w rixpect speedily tomsprxg up t- Hqlyinu ^r1 that the Royli.person7ges rvhb ye~ey conzired w iith hlim to get rid of Epartr ius gio-mon and prbably ;rijtl'oflpire witih Nsrasz to 'iid of -hmelf. WVhat haa taken -plib6;i onltiMa step towards the "execution of -the designs .oEthe P1 _ TheQueen, who on the mght of tho,-.th int. -said to Mzab-O'Donnell,,"You are the en t "of *my onulneil,7, may - stil more .pay diMii hii rim f6m-h- post whven ebe deesi the -raomesxt opportuiie. ' There wasa ri-, in disi:ixig dIend iD$ bO'Donnell; the chan might ! *@didleadto.severe eDntfflt, bwuse- Eapttro, notwithstanding his shortcomings-and dimiinished popularity,wa atil the representative and head ,f .a numerous pownerful pary. He w the incarnation of the 'liber principle in Spain, and he coulf -not be displaced with6ut' ' shock and a&:strigglo. 'Bait -what parlty or principle can-O VDonnrll be said to represent ?-thelittle knot of Vicalvaristm, most of whoxm would -4esort him to-morrow if they saw his star upon the decline. One of thes, and the one in whom he [ apparently places great trust, or whom he at least warly -rotects, has been in correspondence, if nSe the revolution of 1854, -with Maria Christina,:xl isthe-devotedadlserent of -&arvaex. The new.Pi-- ruler has been n4ade an instramuent by the Conrt to get rid of the -ro'tas; but his own tenre of wer is exceedingl insecure, and such, thera can little doubt, he, himself feels it to be. NSotwithstanding it has been so poaitively stated that Espartero had left Madrid, there seems to-be still a doubt upon the subject. It is also denied 'that so many as 85 deputies l?ere at Saragossa, but it is believed that there were morethanwO assembled there-consequently, suflicient to form a House. It is reported that, in consequence of orders juct received from Plombieres, the Division of General Courtigis is to leave Paris for Lyons, relievinga division now there, anda wich is to proceed to the Spaiiish frontier. The brigade which has already left this for the Pyrenees is to be made up to a dission, and the two will form an army of observetion of 25,00 men. , - It is stated as positive that the concentratiou gf troops in the neighbourhood of Bayonne is vith the intention of intervening in Spain, should the present Spanish Government make a formal demand declaring that they are unable, with the Spamish army as it now standis, to make head against-the Socialist and Pepublican elements whicl are found to exist at Barcelona, and which recent,iy showed themselves at Valladolid and valencia. The French Ambassador has, I am assured, notifid this readiness to the Queen and General O'Dormell on behalf of his Government. The offer, however, is confined to dangers from " Socalists and Republicans ;" bait, as at this moment there are Progresistas and Carlists as well as Socialists and Republicans, all mnixed together and united against O'Donnell all over SDnin, -the- French Government may always lfnd a reac'y excuse for intervention, if it desire it. It may fairly be doubted whether O'Donnell is really anxious for such intervention, for he well knows that many of his own people would in such circumstances turn against hin. It would be desirable to know the Emperor's real sentiments on this important question. The French intervention of 1808 brought no great luck to the irst 2Napoleon - the intervention under the Duke d'Angouleme. did not increase the popularity of theFrench Bourbons in Spain; and the underhand and incessant intermeddling of a later period did not much serve the Orleanist dynasty. Generallarvaez has been offered, but has declined, the Paris Embassy. Mar-hal Narvaez arrived on Saturday at Bayo4nn, with the intention of offering his services to the Queen of Spain. Instead of going forward he'has despatched an Aide-de-Camp with a letter to 1Her Majesty, stating that he will await her orders either 1:o go forward to Madrid or to return to Paris. MI. Olozaga, Ambassador of Spain in Paris, ariived at Dax on the 19th by the railway, andl, after a short conference with the Spansh Consul at Bayonne, who had gone to meet hnim at Dax, he continued his journey for Eaux Bomnes. The two war battalions of the 22d Regoiment of the Idne, which left Paris by railway in the evening of the 19th, reached Bayonne on the 21st by two express trains. On the 22d these troops proceeded to the cantonments assigned to them alona the Spanish frontier. The staff of the reg,iment is ta raniin at St. Jean Pied de Port, and detachments are to occupy St. Etienne de Baigorry, the Aldudes, Arneguy, Ainhoa, &c. The Messager oe Bayoze. says "For so:ne days the Bordeaux. ailway has conveyed to Bayonne munitions of war and camp equipage, which are deposited in the arsenal and in the magazines of the,War Department. These objects are sent from the depbts fonred for the supply of the army in the Crimea." Thie Pays contains the following: " The insurrection of Arragon is confined to the chief town of the province. It is said that the Government, at the last | Council, decided that the most stringent measures should be adopted to put down the revolt. Orders were consequently gi: en to that effect to General Dalce, who has been ap. pointed Captain-General of Arragon, in the rooin of General Fzlcon. He is .to march -on Saragossa with 12,009 men, furnished in part by the garrison of Miadrid, and two siege trains. He will take possesion of the position of hionte Terrero and the fort. of AIjuferta, commanding the town, and which are only defended by a small force. He wil then invest the city, and summon the insurgerts to surrender, and on their refusal he will open a fire from the forts. No doubt is entertained at .:drid of the success of this plan. General Falcon had in Sar-agossa a force of only 3,000 men and some battalions of imilitia. One of the Generals who vas under his orders remained faithful to the Qaeen, and retired into the country at the head of 1,5G10 men. In such a state of things the iiibabitants of Sarago6sa, not being supported from without, must submit. General Dalce, under aU circurastances, has orders not to come to £ny engagement in bhe town, but to act with his artillery. GeneralA rmero, Calptain-General of Valladolid, has just published a, fresh proclaination, the severity of which is warranted by the state of anarchy which exists in that city. ' Every act of incendiarism,' he says, 'wherever it may be commuitted, will be punished with death; the persons caught in ptaprante de.icto will be executed the moment their identity shall have bere, proved, and they will merely have a respite of three hours allowed them to receive the consolations of religion."' The Three per Cents. closed to-day at Tif. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cent5s. at 94f.; and the LNew Loan at 71f. goc.; Orleans Railway Slares, 1,390E.; Great Northern, 1,062f. 5c.; Strasburg, 945f.; Now Shares, 865f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,417f. SOc.; Lyons to the Mediterrnean, 1,832f. 5Oc.; Western of France, 965f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 78Sf.; Great Central of Fran-ae, 705f6; lyons and Geneva, 805f.; Bank of Credit lobidlier, 1,5001.'; Austrian Railways, 866f. 20c.- Chanin A, gc-PAeRS, July 3.-Cash £rices Four..nd-a-Hlf per Cents, 89f. Wc * ditto (not reimbursable for 10 7e=rs), 94f. 93f. 75c. - 1hr,e per Cents.. 70f. 75c. 65c. 75c. 70c. 75c. ; ditto, second Loan of 1S55 (65, per cent paid), 70f. 90c. 71f.1 ditto Certificates (65 per cent. piida, 70f. 9Oc. 71f. ; Bauc of FAinoe 4,125f.; Credit Fon. cier, 675f.; ditto, Obligations of 500, Four per Cents., 440£, ditt6 Three Rer Cents.,390f. ; ditto, Tenths, Four per V-ents., Si7f. Sc. - rom. Obligations of 1,000t., Three per Cetts;, 930f.; ddiLt Mobilier, 1,470£f 1,475f. 1.49Of. 1,5001; Discount Banck, 700f. 6R7f. 50O-; Piedmontese Five peaCntors., a~il 9Q ;0 Q- Anetnlan Five per Cent,s.,Sif Belgsin our-nd-aHfper Cenits.,9S,latdeNps VRotl'scbild's), 112; Romans, 87; Spanish Three -.per Cent;., 44; dittto. Interior, 39 ;DuEtch Tw o-,an-,<acBa per C'ents,, Fr., (331. LExchange on Laondon, at sight, inoley, 2Sf. 27je.; tbr. months, maoney, 2511 2Ac. SPAIN. Our accounts from Madrid are of the 19th jUst. They are, of course, official. According to thinu Xacri.d was perfectly tranquil General Eipartero Vags still,there. The Gover1enut Jad offered h passports for any pt of Spain he inght tlink proper to proceed to, o for .an, fdre1gn couiithe Chose, The 150 insurgents taiken with iinms in . eir hands t the Post-office were all liberated, with the exception of two or three. who were accud of mard.er. - ' ' ' ' Acoring to -a of icia inetie,:, of the army dring the insurrection -were-- efi6ers killedl amd.10 wouidedl 82.soldiers killed- andU202 woundedi'§ adieri a ,.. .- horss illed-ind l62wounded. IThe leos heN hoiisw i3ear&lra .ilbWi-diiLWLvi thi3 G-overnineait, lint -noattentioa.ira paid to1ht 1n4vemnent. , ^ -t rafic 'iaW eevsr~heie re-establibhed--:the |Fho}-wer t epen and .crowds iaited tI pii lata.ts. the gollson. The ari,lIery ha,.eoiv
EPISCOPAL RESIGNATION. TO THE ED1TOR OF TllE TIMES. Sir,-The Bishop of Durham, in his letter to Lord Palmer. ston, appears to think that " the very much larger income which he has enjoyed" for 20 years is a good reason for an allowance of 4,5001. a-year hereafter. Bat manifestly, as his Lordship specifies a fix ed sum for the future, he should have furnished more definite particulars of the past ; for if the fature allowance is to be regulated by the past receipts, the amount of the latter should smrely be known before fixing the former. Fortunately, a return moved for by Sir B. Hall in 1852 does in some degree supply the deficiency, and it shows that the net amount annually received by the Bishop in the 14 years from 1837 to 1850 inclusive was in each year. (fractions omitted) as follows:- 17,137 20,057 34,767 25,729 17,778 31,794 21,205 21,2-21 16,330 25,855 19,1S9 34,513 32,S67 23,694 Oui of these receipts the Bishop made every year to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners a compulsory payment of 31,200t. and in the three years ending 1850 voluntary payments to the amount of 5,8521., leaving for himself, in 14 years, a total excess of at least 65,000L. over the income of 8,G000l a-year assigned to him by the Legislature. So that, if the annual excess during the last six years has been only half 'he average of the previous 14, then has his Lordship received at least 75,0001. more than Parliament intendedthaa's to say, 75,0001. more than his statutable allowance (for 20 years) of 160,000L In these statements a large deduction has been made for the Bishop's voluntary contributains to the Masltby Fund; but no account has been taken of his previous receipts as Bisnop of Winchester, nor of the 40(,000l. or thereabout which, as asserted a few years azo in-T17e Tines, he realized from the tithes of the prebend of leighton Buzzard. Putting these rough facts and figures together, whatever some noble lords and rieht rev. prelates may think of them, men of plebeian intellects and lay understandings wiUl consider it rather cool to ask the Legislature to settle 4,5001. a- year for doing nothing upon a Bishop who has for 20 years frustrated its intentions, to his own pecuniary profit, and alXrady received his hundred thousands from the Church. Ot conrse, it may be, as, indeed, it has been, said that his 4otdship might retain everythPing and do nothing. But such'a principle, however advantageous for placemen, ill becomes men who claim to be the successors of the apostles, a3ld would be of evil augury for the declining years of those who in the prime and vigour of their age exhorted their fellow men "not to lay up for themselves treasures npon earth, but treasures in heaven, for where the treasure is there will the heart be also." I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. MEMORM July 23.
*THE EDUCAoTIO QonsTIy AT AMIANCHETsR.- A copy of correspondence between the committee ofthe Model Secular School" of Manchester and the Committee of Council on Education has just been printed, on the motion of Mr. Napier, M.P. It appears that the committee of the said school addressed a memorial to the Committee of Council on Education, requesting a visit from one of the Queen's inspectors, with a wiew to the admission of the. tchool to a partcipation in the Government grans for education. The school gives "useful instruction" to 3e0 boys between the ages of 7 and 12 years (free of charge, the object of the institution being to " afford combined terary and moral and separate re5gious instruction to children of all persansions, upon the condition that no attempt shall be made to interfere with the peouEILr religious tenets of any descriytion of Christian (or other) pupils." A very large proportion of the pupils attend Sunday schools of various establishments, sects, and denominations, including the church of England and tho church of Rome. But the committee do not profese to give special religious tr ction or to cause the reading of the Holy Scriptures in the school, as the composition of the attendance and other inguences connected with the school would render either of these courses impracticable. From the evidence given of the nature and method of instruction pursued in the school it would appear that much success has attended the teaching of the masters The curricumncoomprises reading, writing, rxithmetic, grammar, composition, geography, physics, drsn-wg, human physiology, political economy, social etThcs, andthe uses and propartles of "common things."' Some of the papers, on physiology, &c., are printed, and testify to the. industry and quick apprehension of the pupils.1 The rivd roce examinations on ethics are simple and practical. In answer to the memorial of- the School0 Commnittee Mr. 1R. RI. W. Lingen, the Secretary to the Conucil ofEgAueation was inszructed to reply (on theg 17th ult.), that their I ordhi~ps could not swerve from their-establisffed principle.of requirinmg religiOUS as well as secular instruction to be given in schools aided by the funds at their disposal, and, as it apueared to their L,ordhips tha1, the Mancbester Secular Scb;ol did not intulre sastruactio. in revealcd relig=on as well as in ethics, they did not feed themselves at lbri to comply 'With the apIp&Ieaon of thdschool committee -which was accordingly rejected. CO AST D 3lc mta-W e are glad to announce that Gover-nment has como t d.%alefirjite resolution of estalish_ 3ng-lines of defences along the zortb-east coast of Scotland ini the first lae, and prospectively on that of the weat. On Satuday, Colonel Moodie, of the _Royal Eugineeis, proceded north to Kirkwsall, accompanied by two Lwi - .itlj the view of seilecting a site for the erection ofa batteiy. there. During the tipe the steamer lay in our bay Colonel Mo& e landed here, and after examining the locality left insitrctions at the IlTahourboffice that the ground :im the imnieiiat.s neighbourhood of the Pilot's lookout should not be pem.anently let, as it was to be chosan as the site' of 'a defenicetbatter. In addition to these facts, we are in a positron to ttate that it is intended by the. Government to station a screw sbip at- Ieith,- for the drilling of tho Royal- Waval rCoast yolunteesr4together With a few. un b6ii ; and that there is every proba ility that the voluntei of the northern counties will be caLA ount for drill soon alter the cloeb of the present Mciung fishiUg.- Aforaks tw ick) £nagl.
fONM-AABKTTandCITY INTELLGAYC6E. I 1 : --*[t !-' ~':' -, -Thuday veniZg.- rTne English funds have beern steady to-day ab the firm anotations of ye6teidly. Cfonsols for mney w w0re first quoted 951 to 1, and they"retiirnedtothbt price after a short interval, diiing whichthere were sellers at 95g. For the 7th of August .the last t4nsactions were at 95i to 96.: Although there was i reason whatever to expect' .areduction of the rnk rate of interest to-day, the .empohi-yflatness im the marketwas apparently.attributable td the announcement that the Banik Court had broken up w_thout making any alteration. BankStock left olf at 216 to217i; Reduced, 96-tol-, New Three per Cents,, 96Q to;i Aj nuitiesl8 M16; Conowl Scrip, 4 to i premium;-adia Stock, 23a to 236; India i3nds, s. to 24s. -premiumr Exchequer-bonds, _qo to&J; and Exchequer-bills, 20s. to 24s. premsum. - tMoney was in increased request o-day for shQrt periods, owing to the payment on -the Loan, but a copisiderable sum was lent-for two mont-hs at 3 per cent. 'oreign securities were well supported, and prices generally showed greater firmnoss towards the close. Spanish; <Portuguese, and Turkish were principally. dealtin, butthe operations werenot extensive. Turkish uperCents.,, for- the account, were negotiated at 106k for money, and 106& and- J for the account. The Four per Cents. Guaranteed,'for money, were pu chased at 106k, and, for the a&coui;t, at 106k and -. Brazilian, Smal102 ; Portuguese Four per Cents., 49; Russian For-ind-a-Half per Cents.,. .98k; Sardinian- Five per Cents., and i; Dutch Twoand-a-Half per Cents., 65 and 65k; and the Four per C'ent. Certificates, 97j, + and 97. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris EBousse - this evening were 70f. 80c. for money, and 70f, 85c. for the end of the month, showing a preponderance of purchases for-moiey and of sales. for the account, but no average alteration.. The prolonged depression of the French funds, although partially to be accounted for as an inevitable reactiGn from the recent speculative mania, aggravated by anxieties about the harvest and such political uncertainties as may be connected with the affairs of Spain, seems still to require some deeper| explanation. NWot only is there a difference of nearly 25 per cent, be,tween lRentes and Consols, but the numerous purchases from this side which have been. induced by that circumstance have failed to do more than prevent a further depreciation. The principal. reason for this state of affairs is now pointed out to consist in the competition between the bonds of the various railways and the ordinary Government funds. The French public, it is said, prefer to pur.- chase railroad Obligations, of which some companies have lately made new and large issues. In compa-. rison with Rentes these Obligations are alleged to be much under their' real value. Most of themn are guaranteed by the Government, and have besides the guarantee of a railway, the shares of which range, perhaps, between 60 to 180 per cent. prme rnium. They are, moreover, redeemable by yearly 41rawings at 201. per Obligation. Those of the iWorthern line, which pay Wf. or 12s. per annum, are at about 121., and those of the Western of France, the South-Eastern, and the Lyona and Geneva, at about I11. 12s. 6d. Of'these three the interest is guaranteed by the Government, and as they yield 5i per cent. they are equal to Three per Cent. Rentes at 57i, or nearly 15 per cent. below their present price, while in 1853, Rentes being a+, 80i and Obligations at 151., the relative difference was only about &I per cent. Not only are theFrench public induced to sell stocks in orderto pur. chase these securities, but some large English investments have also latelv been made in them. According to advices received in New York from Constantinople, it is in contemplation to start a line of steamers between New York and Odessa, touch. ing at various intermediate ports in the Meditetranean. A statement was added which perhaps had no other foundation than the hopes of the projectoe:s, that "the Czar is expected to subsidizethe line, with the view of connecting more and more his country with the United States." The plan would be for the vessels to touch at Marseilles and Smyrna on their passage to Odessa, and at Smyrna and Genoa on their return. A prospectus has been issued from the Great Western of Canada iRailway for 250,0001. of the mortgage bonds of the Detroit and fMilwaukie, a line running in connexion wiith that company. They are 71. per cent. -bonds, and are issued at 751. The London board of the Great Wdstern of Canada recommend them, and state that by a traffic arrangement their company will retain a sufficient amount of the receipts from through traffic to meet the interest, and also that Mr. George Wythes has entered into a contract for the completion of the line for a fixed sum. The prospectus has been issued of the United Ringdom Provision Company, with a capital of 500,0001. in I1. shares. The object is to carry on the provision trade by means of an extensive organization, so as to insure steady supplies from all the principal markets, as well as consignments from the Continent and America. Flour, meal, butter, cheese, bacon, pork, &c., are the chief articles to be dealt in, and the company contemplate giving an extension of credit to any customers among their shareholders on a deposit of shares. The scheme is one of those which must depend entirely upon management. A new company called the London Discount Company was completed to-day, and the prospectus is to be issued forthwith. Additional undertakings of a similar character are also talked of-among them one to be called the London and Lancashire. At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day a Detition was filed against MYr. Samuel Adams, of Ware, banker, but it has not been opened. It is stated that the amount of his liabilities is not so large as was originally reported, andthat the prospects of liquidation are less unfavourable. The Committee of Spanish American Bondholders have issued a report preparatory to the meeting of Venezuelan creditors to-morrow. It describesthe efforts made by their agent, Senor Camacho, during the past year, and his arbitrary expulsion from the republic; and shows that, up to the present moment, the Government of Venezuela have given no signs of any intention of pursuing an honest course. A postscript to the report contaimi the following statement of the terms the committei would be disposed to recommend to the bond-. holders, and of an offer from the Commissioners of Venezuela, which being made subject to the approval of their Government ought probably to be regarded as little else than another pretext for delay:- " At a conference which has taken place between Messrs. P. Corvaia and AL Pardo, jOn., and the committee, on the subject of their proposition of the 27th of June, the comrmittee stated to these gentlemen that their proposition was not such as the committee could, feel justified in recommending to the acceptance of the bondholders ; but that the committee, feeling very desirous to meet the convenience of the Venezuelan Government as far as could possibly be done consistently with justice to the bondholders, would recommend to the bondholders the acceptance of the foLlowing arrangement, if it should be proposed by Messrs. Corvaia and Pardo:- "' 1. Bonds to be given for the arrears on the active and deferred debt at par, to bear interest at 4 per cent. per annum. " ' 2. The interest on the active stock to be reduced to 3 per cent, per annuin for five years. `" 3. The interest on the deferred debt to be reduced to 1 per cent. per annum for five years. "'4. Attheendof the aforesaidterm of five yearsthis arrangement to be reconsidered as '.ar *as regards Articles 2 and 3' "s The committee have since received the following not:ce- "'iTo the Committee of Spanish American Bondliolders. "I' London, July 24, 18S6. "'Gentlemen,-Besides the proposal made to the committee, we offer this other, subject tWc the approval of our Government.- " '20 per cent. of the ordinary Customs' duties; which shall never be less than $400,000, equal to 2 per cent, on active and arzears, andI per cent. on deferred ; interest on the active and all arrears to be always double that of the 'deferred. andanever to exceed 4 per cent. on the one, and 2 per cent, on the other ithe said rates 'eing the saxtssup ,amount of interest). If the 20 percent.should yield more than requisite to pay these rates, any surplus arislug from it tto be applied as an accumulative sinkcing fund,, in the pro:portion of t,wo-thirds for the active and one-third for the deferred. "'M 3LP nnO, Jun., for himself, and onibehalf ef Mr. F. Corva'a, Special Commissioners from Tenezmdk.' It is statedthat Aegs. 'W. S. Lindsay- and Co. .ha4y obtained the contract for,theL conveyance of. ,mails to the.Cape of Good Hope, the tenders for .7which were sent in on the 10th inst.
TRADE REPOM'. Thulhsday Evening. SuGAat.-There are no ptxblio sales to-day, but in the West Indiar market a good business is doing, and prices are higher, 638 hhds. sold. Telegraphic despatches fromEIolland, with particulars of the saaes of sugars, have caused more inquiry. Tlhe advance there is equal to about 2s. per cwt. Privately 2,000 boxes Havannah, No. 11, have been sold at about 4Ss. 6d.; also, 6.000 bags MAuritius, 200 tons clayed ManiUa, 1,000 bags Siam, and several smaller parcels, at very firm prices. CoFFEm-The Costa Rica sales brought forward to-day, comprising 2,170 bags, being held for higher rates, were mostly withdrawn. 300 cas2s, 400 barrels and bags plantation Ceylon sold at 59s. 6d. to 3ss. Gd. fine fine ordinary paHish to middieng bold, 174 bales mocha brought 72s. to 76s, T id. for middling to fair short berry, and SOs. d. to Sls. Gd. f'or long berry; 300 bags native Ceylon w ere taken Iin at o2s. RICE.-There wraa but one small sale, 296 bags Be ngal, that brought 9s. Gd. to lOs. COCHINEAL.-74 bags wrent off at firm prices, o0Obags lIonduras silver, 3s. 8d. to 4s. for ordinary to good, 9 bags ordinary Teneriffe silver, 3s. 10d. to &. lid.; arnd 15 bas Mexican silver, 3s. 8d. to 3s. 9d. TALLow.-The market is steady on the spot, at s. 5 d. to 52s.; for the end of the year there has been more inquiry, 50s. being paid, and 60s. 6d. demanded at the close.
STATR OF TRARD. MANCOESTER, Juy 24. There has been a good deal of inquiry for cloths, and somne improvement in dewand is ekpected now the extent of the recent failures is known, bat the business done this morning is about on the same scale as that of Tuesday. Some businees has been doing for India in n quiet way, and to a moderate extent. Prices are firm. In yarns no change.
tAdvertisement.]-The new noveL "The Man or the World: or. Vanities of the Day,"- by S. W_3 boms authorot "4The Great Highway," my now hesadt all the libralees in 3 vol , with illnstrations on steel by John Leech. "A ioetexciting and deeply interestingtale. which tho readerwiUlnot laydown tiU he reacbes the concInsicn."-John Bell. "The rapid dow of incidents mover wonder." -Poesi." Incident crowds upon incident. She story indicates grat construetive power, and very great ingenuity in the arrangemet of the incIdent. It will attrct general attention."-Observer. "The scoene are dwvn with geat pawer."-l-desenger. "The ihterest of the story is ,ircorously and continnonsly esustained. and the leading characters are drawn with admirable ability andL trthfnlnam Io nuturc.'--Mornlng Advertiser. "Every part of this novel evinces a well-inftemed and a highly-cultivated mind, with great shrewdunes of observation and power of anralysis and discrimnlation n-Sunday TBuss. "In dramaltic arzanlgcrnen~ in chasactrr. and inL rkflf contrasts, this noven aalltlot's beet workL.I-Stmdaid. Charies J. Skeet, 1inz Wiliam-street. Charlrr-cro. FAdvertlienient. "The Young Lord," by the anthor of "The Discipline of iMe &c:"2 vole., jest published "This new novel, by Lqdy Emily Pan.oohy, in in°tere-sting sg *s story, and stil more to be commended for the tone of hl*h principle with which it is pervaded and the profitable lemoens it inculcates. In the a-oung lordisdelineatedainan of realt-h and inunence, withmuhe Irnessayod energy of character and dispo4itiontobe actively employed in doing good in his station. In doecribing the dicipline through vhilch he pasewd, and the works of benerolence which be directed, useful lessons are conveyed to readem in any sphere of life."-Literemry Gazette. Hu~rst and Bl1ckett blshrr. Oive r h (AdvcrtirenientjE or, waTTy Ogilne e 03> the BLack Drag.ona," byJameie ast (prlce2&),in now resdr. Anewbooklby so9 ppular a writeras the author ofi"TheRomanceof War"14isWa&s lookzed for with plsone nweni skonthat an original n6rel, by Eo great a favoerhe with the publc as James Grant. cam be xm cj;ased for twoshbillng tedmand 'sil, deed, be gteat. Alao now ready, price 2s.. Charles Lover's Adventures cf " Arthur O aryn a. most amuning book, and, beingiho ftworkbthe authorof "Cbirles O'MaleT"' ththas peared no a really Pnopls loire. heisUl becoen as familiar among th te.o ha leaoeAS eaahtro been in aele extended circle. o neott7tee antio. 'arcingdon-street. , fAdvertisemnentl- The "'lb ajtch'1 of Sunday next, J y 27, wll contain an emsy entit " The Gold Thi'st -Tatet Detiiis of the Spanlsh Coup DEtat.Publicoal on ' The Simony Bil -and Caustic.' TottbeFrench BooplaComiigBubblg-Towup' O&c e01c. 311, Fleet.street, [Advertisenmentit-On the 28th inst. the " d-ay T'T P will containmany in nkfarteandercocnededvith the ilorious Goodwood gathering-s competelist of horses mnderorderthe cbances and probatifitecacltdtoehrwhth tabtin and every turf toplo of Itimporta Attetini dretedj tre ia cseudtur3l department of the "Sunday Time,," which esntaithe latest .igricultunal inteliggene0 from all partso d The pro-prictor Pro,powe to give, iLn Septemaber next, t,o srines of Dilenand ten soveresnas forthebet Isy en thepeent e or teatn7 al labouer., with the'elew of ameloratsconiitin. I [Advertisement.]-The "1Ea" n sper . of next Saturday WM COn-otanmaay Oe4naICA-Dlnte;I g Ytlhiby wellk mown fir.;trrte ViTters UPOn lot at tops of ed$ih blly T Ae C1o:Pmgof the Seale -W-ma$E Actor and tiwich get;-b German 'Lisa ianw2vt Dead. uad the etite se-Ae- Ftsi at Hore an Saento, or Sendi reoT "t3ai e ztCtbO stee. taud. The -"Ial jj Ih ug$ -ralIi
RThW11Jc5 , - - .:r 91. EI IE ; w e 1 - . e 1" % _ s I I. .4 J_ . l - IL0DON A6N2 -D ;= l It aper th di rectts o Ji bopny ieoy~$ zecommendtothe pipi* ' -mvat th - -heldon the .th'fW nsu ai-feer ending the'30th of uTo at -t thi . of 5i. 10s. per ceat. perarmum OnAhe .o caital of th nompany. LNOWOIT,1 BZRGlHTOM, ANYD SOUH COAST. The half.' ly meeting of ts eompa w held t dsyatthIbuerig oz tebl; r.L.Sc k th Thaereport, an a cof whc ppee ln 2%e fVm"r,was talcen asea& Th se Ciasiw7, in .moinig the a phtos.'. tlae eot .id he would exptaii iome malamtters thereinw ' b;ile. ,3debe tquirisd" little- epint i n W iSwe to the capitil account, they ;ad statei'they. would uk£ tbe proprietors to autboz* tbe dietbra- to ,ojivert the mortgae -debt of the company' into a debentri stoc, bearing an intereet not exoeeding 4 per cent ipr anuum. Theyhad &als stated that they would ask the prorIetor, io givethem the option cf convertin -a portioti cfiheiobr&page debt into ordinrxy stock of the ooman . The directcnad sinoe considered tUt questiob j a they- thought the time bAd niot yet arrived for that operaEon. They Would thezefore ask for po*ers, mrey, te 7convert the mora debt inhobr4 per oehtV' bktur-I sto*' He -- ot to say in.respect to their'caipitel aounft f ther thaithWere only retained 15,ODDL of it to exX)endo a0nd--ie could sanirs them the dirsetors woould not allo tlie expenditure -of ' anT portion of .hat sum if they could poesibly evold it. Wit Zespet to the revenue he wa a ytK5th'herafc d:L oeVeiry one of their ma =ie * linsshowed' proportionateincreaen. Thsrej ,infA# ihiipzuver&nt at every point of their*em. The restoration of p good arest, anda reductioiof taxation would- have favourable effe* upon their traffic, anid alow itto'0 increae as usuaL They would peiceive in their accoonts an itemu of 4,000l. for ordinary expenses in repairs of the permnaent way, 'ald one of 10,lO kfor enewalg, It was endent that items under these hea would continue so long as therailwaye'xisted, both with regaul to,the Permanent way and roing t6k. The renewals ofevery'kind were done ' th4 best manner, and in runy respkctfIr' su- o to th ginal. He then explained thgt, although trgnes he run 70 D Ormil3s more than during the corrdingpenil of last yr, the trains had-run a .ICF6 mbliof ; They nobw ned emngIe po6wr to Imove thecarriages and waggons it the stations,uinteid of horaepwrer, aslormerly, aLnd that causd an increase in the mileage of t-he engmne". They had Iaid down 36,000 mnew reepers during th halgyear, of which 24,000 weie,charged.agcainst revenue, ad 12, 000 to renewals. Every new sleeper was creosoted, would last longer than those theY rep]Aced, and bad cost the comp*iny-S .ah. Their0 renwal fund waowxustmed, and theyv wold in future havelto take the requisie [sutms for i that purpose out of revenue. They lad done everything theyeoould-to improve the permnnent way, s-dwouldoontinue to do so, becauseit would have the effect ofdeceaing. expenses in repairs and -renewals of rcllingatck. nd add greatly to the comfort and afety of the pawsenger&. Mr. Scorr secondedAhe mnetion. MIr. BELL hoped the'directors were not going to workthe portion of the West End and CrYstaP$ ice line, which, it was stated in the repOr ould oe soon opened to Wands. worth-commuon, at 42 per cent, of the receipts as agreed upon ror working the whole line to. Biattmes, becauae tAv;Qouldincuraseriouslcis thereby. R CHA VANss,id,certainlynot. Aspecial agreement wOlad be made for 'worling that portion 'when opened. They would not allow another company to run an engine over that line. Mr. H TyEE thought it probable that the worlang expenses would amount to 80 per centi of the receipts After some observaEtius from n r. Mw nDSi, hfr WooD, Mr. HERAPATH, and other proprietors, the report was adopted; and the directors were authorized to convert the mortgge debt of the company into a debenture stock, bearing interest not exoeeding 4per cent, per annurm A dividend of 2l O r p theh -jear oas then declared on the ordinry stock of the company. The meeting s ,then made special, ndresolutions were pased reducing. thenumber of directors to eight and Lxm the order of retiremeat as follows-Two to go out of ofece at the first ordinary meeting in 185I, three in 1858, and three in 8I9,and so on in that order, three directors to form a6 quorum. A Tote of thanks t6 the chairman and directors concluded the proceedings. TR-AMC RIETURS. )Mies Pa.- Mee- rok&4 woh Rallways opw. aengms. amnle.19. 5 n," ~ ~ £ o£ :uhi. £. £ Week ending July £. Aberdeen and Scotti6sh id. Lud Jdunction .. 115 .. .. 3e2S . 3e27 Week ending July 13. Bristclandyxetez.. 7 .. 1 7- .. - . 7,215 .. 8443 ERst Anglian .. ..-1.. .. -. -7.. 914 London, Tilbuiry, and South. eud Extenion .. .. - .1,789 . 327.. 5,116 ,. 1,675 MarnportandCsrlisle .. - ... - - 971 ]Mght daye ending July 19. Linerick adFoynes .. 17i.. - , . . 5 .. _ Week ending July 29 Cork ndsandon .. . 20 ... - . - . 23 . 267 Londondery and Coleraine 36 .. 217 .. 101 . 319 . 303 Lndondeyand'Eniskillen 60 .... US2 . 15 . 745 .. 779 NorEth- ern m . .. 73 - .- Z3,6 32 aWarfosdandK ny.. _i 4_ -5 *a WaterdordandUimerick.. 77, - .0 - .. , Wetk ending Juy l. . A epanddotterda.. -.. 8t . a6 . 3,09S.. s55 Chester and Holyhead - - - 6,49 Dubln'sdfeat Juncton8 - .. s ..2,3 .. 1,072 Eastern Countue Norfolk. and Eastern Union .. 417 ... - .. - .. 2,525 . .24,e07 Xast. Lncasiret .. .. 93 .2. , 6 00 Elinburgh, rerth, nadDut- dee, and ESottsh Cetmal - 0... - .. - .. 7r e , Gat Western .. . . - - . - .. 30.734 27,677 lansehire and Yorkshire? 286t - 2- .. 9.2418 21,901 LondonandBlackwall .. - . 1,6s7 .. 7 .. 1,762 1,7, Manchegt, Sheffield, and idncoinshire ., .. 173 . - .- .. 2.829 ., 8,791 Md -29., .. - .. - 29478,2 Midland Gret Western fire. land) .. .. .. .. 177 . . -. 3, . 2,9 Xevport, Abergaveany, andHereford . . 40 .. - .. - .. E8t .. 697 North Buits. 149 .. 2,9S3.. 2,450.. 6,43 .. 6,376 OxWord,Worcester xand Wol- verh&ipton. .94 . 94.. 2,319 .. 1,693 4,012 3,721 Shewsburyandnirmingban- .. - .. 1,820 1,339 SBareesbuyandChester - - . - 3,164 . 2,784 Shuopshl'ire .. .. 29k - - 807 8 Week endIng Tvly 22. DuhlinandWicklow 34 - - E 68 397 Dublin and Kingsaicin 6 - - 1,19i 1,197 A bzar last Year. t The receipie for merchandise traffc are pblished a,r deducting weekly tha balance on the, Ieeds and I8verpool Canal ieaae aounIt, S Incldin ha oi the Machser, oute Junction and Altdnb eselyta, G z-Dckdtis &c. an _ hseOl * ana ece m
THR CORN TRADE. VANIMTV-QTV?- --, The weather sinoe ourl sstrepur ai~ orutbyadjjxaithth |showers r,f rain dai.Thetrdehs nvrteeeuled h oewit |for dour. eluelys of t,he btettder class,f°or which ull pricesbante beienrc Iobeined, v hile second.* aed inferior qualities lhave been quite neg- l eclted.. Other articles beve remnaiueditbont any material change in The imports of Anerican wheat atnd dour into Liverpool ae again Iconsiderable, but of Indian corn the receipts are lighit.. Fromi other ,aouroesthe stPlice arevery lunmted. Thnere was a Blender wAtendance at our market 'his morning, and very lttlel luI esswastlmnswted in either wheat or flourp.-pin-~ts beig rather in favour of bu) err, except ou very choice qualities, Other &rtlicesulsoaold slowly, butpreiousrates were maintained, BMi6TOL Juiv 24. Thaweather babeenmeandbot, undertheiniluenceoota iechour mnaket to-day gave way aboat Is. per quk4er on BAglish wheat,notwithstanding a short supply. Fomrin, or which ourrrivas are more libeal, lisin ltmited request at t' sinmilar reduction. The little bsrlEyTffering is held for extravagant rates, and Indian corn begins to attract attention from its'rseative chespntee, good sound qujality belng procurable at about 34a. per 4801hb A better inqnary for oaw at previous rates lialtis in good demand consideriugthe period of; the Year, at ML to Ste. perquarter. i Beans the turn ceaper. V71ieat.-Hssnburg, Baltic, &c., fine red, pie 4001b.. M5 to 7k 3DshL Portuguese, &m., red and whilte, 5e, to 7Is; Ibrall, Gilit .at, &c., solt, 60s. to e6s.; Salouics, soft, 59E. to 6OL; Amona, Italian, te., red,. 7s. to 76s, Eglish red and white, per imperial quarter, 708, to 8us, Barley.Eng;lishginding and distillery, perimperial quarter, 4Ds. t' 44s.; foreig ditto. er 4001a.. 40s. to 42s. Oat,-elsh anram evon, belc andwhite feea immperil quarter, 25. . -to 26s. 6d. - rish kIln-dried, white, per32i0lb.,,27s, 8028.; ditto, tawney, per 10b., N&e lGd, to 25a, ; ditto. mme black 4da. id.to 2ss ditto, interior, 24a. to Y4a 6d, Bean p , er ItMI., 385, to 44a,.; English, per imperial. quarter,r a e i Attivb ior thevwendingJu - superfn, 25D reMbrbr 'kberageeiifertheweelr eadingJ 1y22,-Wbeat, 734quatr, 785,15| eote, 320quarter., 10s, lOd.; beans, Llqui ur,r Its.. GLASGOW, JuLr 23. S eSincour Ia the weather bas been Inoreifayourable ftr thegiow. I : &e,usf.ee the supplies continue -nd pertant;-fron Ireland we received fairquantitfies of nate, oatmeal, mud beans; firmsalco, by4 the Clyde, 3&1II qu(rtera of wheatg whereof 1;575' quartet Vere A-am iel kte and thsexresn"er.with 4iS quarter, ofx*u jamdfl,43 bearel Of I oUT f,em-eW. York, 'a hd 1, S Oe qu ar teis o f Tn-d iar,A eoDrns o, ai i % j VA Grage;iou1, MOO Quaters of wbeat, 325 quter of boreri ar}jtretofbeaus,and20 sacksofflour fromt t t rTlhebu e ading the wteek was chiefly in etil, at the la of hIis day e'nglbt . Miiteday'sine.rketwMthjnly attended; thedem fotrAtil W" Blow, and quotations bare, to bori
VTOIF.CIIA LTlTA'RW C!ntTR.qI Tv"- 9A I - - MRAvDON V. MRRYD,ON. , _ (B&fonc VTce-C?ianWIDor Sir L T. DEBS}E i I LDI, csUDe wMae steam On rurLiuer Cirecaons In t arnd is now in the paper for re-heaing under these cirum. stanoes .-Since the decree in 1825 various proceedings hbav been heard, aud on a suggestion that such decree was, on the face of ir* erroneous, an application was made er partg to the Lord Chancellor to '--hear that decree before his Honour, to whose brmach of the Court the cause stands attached, and his Lordship Lgraned that application. One o, the defendants, by leave of the L,ord Chancellor, gave notice of motion fcr Saturday next to dischrge the order for rehearing and take the petition ot the file; and 3fr. CRAC;ALT, on his behalf, now apRlied that the pause should not be in the paper for re-heanog until the motion to dischge should be disposed of. lMr. HARZD opposed that application, on the ground that the motion to disharge would be disposed of before that question wi; raised. Mr. CRACKNILL said that his client had only latel comue into the uwit, and it would e necemary, for the pupose of re-hearing, to purchase 500 brief sheet of pleadin, acam of not les than 700 brief sheet h=ng= beenlad Wefore; counsel on the other side on a former occasion, and there foreuseless ex0penw might be incarredL The VICE-C ANCELLOp thought the better way would be to allow the case to be mentionel on Snturdcly, after the Lord Chan*celor had heard the maotion. (Before Vice-Cha,neleir S;rJ. STUART.) GALTOWAY V. THE LxW SiE INSUTCZ A e oOA25Y.. Mr. MALINS (with whom was Mr. W. W. Cooper) aked leaTve to give notice of motion for to-eorrow (Erid.y for an injunction to resrinthe defeante from ,u]lig down twrohouses,numbered reepciely 95 and 96 srClsoa. lane, out of which the plaintif'f had an annuity o f 150. re- ser"ed to her during her widowhood. The Vicn-CHA.%cmroR gae leave aucordingly. WALIAS V. SAEL Twhis cae, involving a great number of exceptions to ehe ster'sieptrt, ocpetied the Cort the whone of toeday whnd samost-te whof e of yecterday. Tone beations raised on exceptions wrc of Ma very Compir a nture, anwi poaered noIn rdesigt. nported the est eptions, rna der. aifs and 1r8, uoxon the Masder's report. (BtforeVce-wChianelr Sir W. P. WOoD)- icOOKE V. IOOPE3 iGTOS The VIner-CAntCsIn R gvte judgment in this ease owhichdls ben already notied il the said s. t weill he isusisent to ste that the shf t qestion in he case, w ben utrpped of the compliction o.castoned by a longs ting-ofdeedsid nu merous dealings with the property, was whether the maser of F±ls Conrt, which-now ocini see a oerans p)ropety designated as the Brompton estate, an:d formerly helrtaspyho;d of the minor,th wsee y-e oerbi Im dleed of llanvh, 1828, under thevwords- "and -all other tEe lands, ienem ents, and hereditmeunets (if any), in the eounty of Middlese, wbereof or -whereto the said I ord Ken nPn isi seised or entitled for an etae of inberitane" Me further question wa involved as to wFhether this pariclalr property wa comprised in the slettlement of October, 1833, executed upon the marriage of the present lord ensington which purported to p "all other (if aoy) the ered?itamenta comprised in and tonveyed by the indentures of 3ea d release of the 4th and 5th of April, 1832?" sunch last indentures paing the property,- whatever it might be, -that was oomprised in the, mortgage of Diarch, 182S. The plaintiff Was a nnortgap upon the estates of Lord :Kensingtion, and asked by his bill' for a declaration that the manor not comUprisedin' orsubect to, the trusts of the marrige settleent, and that, if necessarv, the settlement -might be rectifie- *rd tbat it might be declared that the mnsor w not sntendeC to be, and was not, comprised therein in equity. Mr. Willeckl and Mr. Shapter were fortheplaintiff; Mr B"olt, Mr. W. W. James, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Cirns, Mr Freeling, -M. B. L. Chapman, Mr. Southgte, lr. }ddis, and Mr. Bedwell for the several defendants The VICE-CHANcCsELoO, in giving judgment, said that the bill raisod so mnv issnes that it was necessary to lookat the severml beads ohrelief claimed. The plaintiff asserted, first, that he was equitAble owner of -certaiL propert with legal estates outstnding, unless thst propertgr was comprised in the settlement made in coontemjplation of the marriage of the present Lord Kensington, and, assuming that the property was so comprised, then that it had beeninsered by mistake, ad that he was therefore entitled to -have such mistl:e rectified. He said, ysecondly, that this property n:ight not, in truth, have been conveyed by the sethiement at all, inasmuch as it did n*ot pass by the mrortgage deed of 1828, or the lease andt I release of April, 1832, and -that be was ertitled to a declaration that it did not pass at law or equity, but that, there being a doubt and dilliculty, he -was entitled to have this cloud emor-ed from his title. Thirdly, he said that it was immaterial whether the property did or did not pass, for, if it did pass by the settiement, his jthepslaintiff`s) trus. tee took without anynotice of the settlement, or, at aU events, witlhout notioe that this peoperty pssed by it. Xe might at once dispose of this thirdbrnch1of the ca*, for there was so jurisdiction in this Court, either before -ct since the Ch&ncery Improvement Act Of 1852 to entitle,s partysaying he had a good legal title toask fora, declation as to the equitable right where no consequential reliefcowld possibly be granted, there beiDn nothinv in this contry analogous to declaraiur which obtaIed elsewhere. Uport the other two points of the case, even assuming that this property Was comprised inthe deeds of 1828 und 1832, as to setting aside the settlemenit, it did not apBpear that the inistake was contrary to the intention of aLl parties; there was no suafeet averment of such common mistake, nor s it supported by the evidenoe, which was very mea gre To set aside sulch a deed it was not enough to say tat the settlor did not intend to pes% the particular property, blut there must have been a common mistake on the part of - all parties. He then caue to the question of wha. did ctuy pass by themortgage deeds, forzothing more than eas. comprised inthen passed bythesettlement. Itwas impossible to ruppose tiat there was any intention to sweep in mnder the genera1 words (already-stated) the manor with larg -manorial rghts and outstanding copyhold estates, which were b1 no Disa ns c,jrdcK penemi with the other property conve !roperty of this nature ws alays mentis n a ronveyance by express wrords 5ad he ws bound to bold that; none of -this properwas aomprieed in the paricular mortgag, antoousequently it had not pase kybe settle. ment. Then, as tomakinga declartion nd-remoeirg thbe eloudlrona te title, he did not feel inclined to create the er.euae sneldoly oa further inquiry.-and, without ,ish ocominment upon the caseof "Wa1 h v. Queen's Bench, exept to observe that it-went furtht any cae had yet gone, the -best ocurse to adopt would-be to make the followng decree-Tbo Court being of opiion tha theimanor ofEar]'s Court and the intere6tof-Lord Kensington -rerein did not s by the deed of ch. 1828, and April, 1832, or either of them, dimini te ebili with ootsainetalpartee, except tosein heseterest with,anif -- -- -
I ; : I - SUMMER ASSZES. WnRAIC OTTP rqTrr' _ . NORWICEE, WIXNESDAY. 3JTY 23. mTe co0mmnsons for the cotityof Norfolk and the odnty eftlae city of N;orwich were dnly opended at 3 o'clock yesteday, andithis inorn ing r.Justice-Coleridge tried the * nly two c-rim'in casesin the city, and then charged th-e grand jury for the county, the calendar for which contains nearly 'bio ednes; andpresentsl-carge of rape, 2 of perjury, 1 ,of chld rurder, 1 of inciting a woman to produce abortion iby takirg-drugs, 2 of burglary,' 1 of false pretences, 1 of shooting with a felonious inteht, anrd 6 of ordinary larceny. There are 10 causes entered for the county, one of which was marked fortrial before a special jury, but it was withdrawn 'cefore tho Court sat. lhe city cause list contains 1 commnon jury cause. ' CROV COmRT.-(Beforei r. Just ice ColEsDl G) William Cook, aged 20, was indicted for stealing 14 sovereigns, 7 half-sovereigns, and sundr- shillngs from the person of Thomas Carter, at Little Cressingham, on the 24th of June. -Mr. Wlliam Cooper appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Henry Mills defended the prisoner. The trosecutoris-a hale and lively old gentleman, aged nearly 60, and a widower, who seems to have imbibed a tender passion for one Rachel Rix, the barmaid of the Wbite Horse Inn, at Little Cressinghans, whitherhe repaired en the evenin!gofth 23d of June with the intention' of "popping the question" to the beauteous Rachel. armed, besides his personal attractions -with a little money. There wvas much CcmPany that night at the inn, and the courtsip took place in the bck parlour: T'he old man's "course of true love" (like that of many other swains) "did not run smooth," for his attentions were interrupted from time to time byr; repeated ca31s for " ale," and Rachel went ' backwards an forwvtrds," now attending to her duties now to her pleasure. WVarmed by ale and love, her suitor, --out of ins respect for her," as he said to-day, gave her 2s. 6d. in order to lengthen the interview, but tlle cunnmng Jade at once skipped out to draw some more ale, and the poor old fellow was so "worretted" and perplexed that he gave her 9s. to buy some caps and ribands. All was il -vain, for Rachel would not say either " Yes" or ' "No" to his earnest suit. Indeed, it was suggested on crossexamination that she had wickedly objected to Mr. Carter's gray hairs, and that in his agony he vowed if she would but hae him he would dye his hair to any colour she might seect. This, howvever, the prosecutor stoutly denied, asserting that " she never' made no sorts of objectlons to his personal appearance, only she would not say whether she would have him or no," but he admitted that after his fruitless siege he went home to get some more money, and returned with the coins which were the subject of the indictment. Oae of these he gave to the girl, but without any better effect, and then he took to the cup to drown his care with such assiduitv that MI forthwith got drunk enough to go into the tap, ,ad there, pulling out his gold, boasted he was rich enough to buy all the company. At a late hour the party broke up, and then the prosecutor must have been far gone, for some of his boonucompanions, among whom was the prisoner, a young hardworking blacksmith, found him on his back on the roaa outside the inn, without his coat, w3istcoat, and braces. This state of things the prosecutor accounted for by saying that the air had "turned him up" when he wen§ out. Hle was forthwith picked up and carried, more asleep than awake, though he had flitting moments of consciousness as he was borne along by the youngsters-including the prsoner-to his house, and at 2 o'clock he finally came to h elf, and discovered that he was in bed with nothing on him but a headache and a pair of shoes. He immediately took up his breeches and discovered that all his nioney was gene. Among the coin thus abstracted by some one were a =arked sovereign and a light "dragon sovereign." As the prisoner was one of the party who took the prosecutor home and put him to bed, and was the last in the house, suspicion fell on him. He was taken up next day and brought beiore a magistrate, when he denied the possession of the' money, and as' none was traced to his possession beyond a tri'ling sum he was discharged. Suspicion, how- ever, stillcldung to him, and on the 12ch of July he was found tipsy in the street of a neighbouring town, and taken to custody. On being searched 13 sovereigns and seven half-sovereigns were found, and among the former the marked sovereign anXd light " dragon sovereign" were found, while it appeared that he had recently paid awFay another The jury returned a verdict of Guilty, and sentence was deferred., NiesI PRTus COURT.-(B-fore Lord, COYBPELL.) sraisoNs Y. SAVAGOE. M1r. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Couch appeared for theplaintiff; lr. O'Malley and Mr. Keane were counsel for the defendant. This was an action for a nuisance to the reversionary interest of the plaintiTf in a house, near to which the defendant had established cer'tain works and erected a chinmney. The complaint of the plaintiff was fully made out by the -vidence adduced by him, and, after a very dull trial, the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, with 40s. clamnages, subject to a question reserved for the consideration of the Court above-whether, under the circumstances of the case, the only injury actually proved by the plaintiff being the notice of the tenants to quit, the action could have been maintained Iby the plaintifi; or ought to have been brought by the tenants in possession. Verdict for the plaintiff accordingly. HODGKMSSOlt V. SKIt5MSHAW. Mr. O'alley, Mr. Couch, and Mr. Burchain were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Wells and Mr. Reane appeared for the defendant. This was an action in which the plaintiff compltined of certain trespasses committed by the defendant's sheep in and upon certain land of the plaintiff; for a pound breach; and also sued for certain moneys claimed to be due in respect of certain services rendered by certain stallions and bulls of the plaintiff. The defendant pleaded a multiplicity of special pleas, into the details of which, inasmuch as the opening ot the pleadings by the learned, junior for the elitif occupied some 15 minutes, we may be excused from entering on the present occasion. The real qaestions in dispute were whether the defendant had committed a trespass ,b, depasturing his sheep on the sides of a place in parish of leuchwarton, called the "Old Roman Sea Banlk," and, also, -whether he had broken the pound in which the plaintiff confined the sheep for such depasturing. Upon these questions the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, with 5os. damages. Upon the other questions the plaintiffs case entirely broke down, and a verdict was directed to be entered for the defendant. The learned Judge gave a certificate for costs to the,plaintiff in respect of the mai;ters in which he had succeeded; and, as to those on which he had failed, he expressed his readiness to give a certificate to the defendant to aid him to obtain costs as between attorney and client, under the provisions of the County Courts Act.
OXFORn flTRThTTTI _ SHREWSBURY, TnURAY,. JuLy 24. Jme conMusslon tor the county of Salop was opened yesterday with the nsual formalities. Yr. Baron Aldesson and Mr. Justice Wightman afterwards attended Divine service at St. Chad's. The business of the assizes began this morning at 10 o'clock in both courts; Mr. Justice Wightman presiding in the Civil Court, and Mfr. Baron Alderson in the Criminal Court. The cause list con tans an entry of only 3 causes. The calendar contains a list of only 16 prisoners, charged with offences of a very ordinary description. CIVIL COUuT.-(Before dfr. Justicc WIa HTMAs end ComrironJurizs.) The first two causes were actions for goods sold and i delivered, and occupied the Court a short time. CRaDMUL COURT.-(Before Mr. Baron ALDESON.) I Richard Silminonds, aged 56, labourer, was charged withI stingal elding, the property of Williarm Drury, on the 2dofSlay, 1856, at Welington. Mr. Scotland appeared for the prosecution; the prisoner wasundefended. It appeared that, on the day in question, the gelding was lefPin 3field at 6 o'clock in the evening, and was rmissed the next morning at the early hour of 5 o'clock. The priconer was seen with the gelding at several points on the road from Wellington to Shenstone, in Staffordshire, and the gelding was eventually found abandoned and impounded. Whe prisoner had been seen by a farmer, who made some observations as to the state of the horse, which was much distressed in consequence of the distance it had come, and -this circumstance appeared to have alarmed the prisoner, 'and led him to abandon the animal. The prisoner made a long defence the substance of which was, that the horse was lent to him by a man to go -das 3ourney into Staffordshire, and that he never had any intention of stealing it. I Mr. Baron ALDsso ; having summed up the evidence, the jury found the prisoner Guilti,. It was then proved that, in the year 1840, the prisoner bad been convicted of horse stealing, and sentenced to ha ransported-for ton years. In the year 1849 he was again .convfcted of w similar offence, and sentenced to be transported for 15 years. He had, however, been libernted.in the month of November last on a ticket of leave; but his present cosivition had again brought him up to teceive judgmenet accordaagto lawv. AIr. B3aron AIDEItsoN- said, the sentence of the CourT ;is'. tbat the prisoner be kept in penal servitude for eight It is probable that all the business will be over this night. *
NORTEERN- - C - -. . DUREAM, JULY 23. - - W_- .~~ UjJnua 7eStOrdy -by Mir. Juistice V.- j w'ho- afterwards attended,divine service -n the 'Cathedr-4 . .1.1 1:th -Th6 alendacontaiiszthenamesof 36 persons ofwhom -29 axe in prison, and 'f aat OD bail. The nuniber of eawes is ,32, of which 2 are for muarder (one being of an infant ehild -by its mother), 2 manslaughter, 2 fe1ongons woimdiny, 3 rape; 2;robbery, 2 unlaw/ful woundiZgi 1 attemp to thrShow -Int6 j ccalpit wvith intent to kill, 34 aibduction of : gir? under 16 years of-fe, 3-biga&uys I en&A ep c tho birth of here 7 bu tiaries 1 f6rgery larcenies, l embezzlement, w,d 3 pruxiec. . ' ;The,itneeslin thei rnopfield 'mier reWsuiunoned for tomorow,-and, in the eventof =aiie-bil belng1ound, t,hokilwlb ,'Ofteihwithi roceeded-ith..' .. , ".1 hL-, J,u4ice Wleawesideg jid.he Crowvn Couri.-. The c,aine list co'ntanl7 eoneifs jo' ihic!i is marked ;aRs eca'8p6 ii;.ry -- '. : . :- Civat. -ORS-Bfr if.BrsB SsIIIH V. MOODY .AND THREE OTEMS. Mr. Watson, Q,C., and Mr. Manisty appeared for the plaintiff; M. Atherton, C; , -for. wo. of th'e defendants, th6othis tns- hai g allowed judguient to o by default. This itas atn action for reco'veorngthe prce of' a ield' bfo oats and a field of wheat sold by the plaintiff to tho dofenfldants. Th'e ly qquedion iitbis cu;'mthe triAl of Which occupied the greater part of the d 'uaswhether tho sale ;wal to all th6 defenddantsjointlyor to each defendant Seepua . a ,tel of aprion oWl of the wret n ois Vrit for the ~Ialntf for th' -smnount claimed, -l E10d. jths ibg the 6n&ict.' ~Vedic affirning'tli'ojo'in t oitsact:. -I. . SON V. WAT ON . The Ron. A. lUiddel appeared for a he 'plaintiff, the defendant c6nducted his own case. The ac-on wis for the 'sedu6tfon of the 'plitiff's daugihter. Tihe iaintisTa ariner and iso keepo* n ing aW Suniderland. When' at sea his wlfe sad threa:daighters attend to the inn., Eri;na, the daughter seduced, was at the time not rore tha, 15 years old. The dsfendidis a shipwright,' and, having contracted a fiiendship. -wiph a son of the plainti£, used to frequent the house, ind w6vld occedonally exhibitihis dranwigs, having some taste in'that wayi. About May.1855, he induced the'girl to accomp "bn him in his.] walks on the sea banks, in the couise of cie of which he 1 effected ber ruin, having induced her 'to consenit by a pro- mise of. marriage. ln Sepbembor''he seresed her, being'| attracted, it was supposed, by another yomng woman. In jau y the, girl was delivered of a child. Her mother charged the defendant, who. di& noti deny ie, wvith being the| Ffather. A sovereign, supposed ito be from the defaendant, I was eent anonymously to the mother. Ths' -girl became very il, and unable to suckle the child, wfhich died on the 4th of I March. She stil1 is in bad health. Tho defendant refused to mako any compensation, saviag he had done enouth. Bmma Wilkinson) the daughter, was cated bytheIearned counsel, and gave evidence of the facts stated. She appered two or tihree years younger than her real age, which shie said was 16 last Mach. ' ''" . Other members of her family wrere called to spek to the conduct of.fhe defendasit. He ma3de no defeonce, and, after a short summing UD by the learned JTdge, the jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 251.
-. -AMTDLAM nRCrP, DERBY, JULY 24. .LLe* comni=on. ror tis county was opened yesterday afternoon, and business commenced in both courts this moring at 10. The cause list contains an entry of five causes only, and the calendar contains the names of 23 prisoners, but the offences charged are not of a serious sind. - Crvn SDE.--(Before the Chief Jaetice Jnvjs and a Common Jury.) TEMPB'T V. AULT. This was an action of seduction. Mr. Serjesut Haves and Mr. Boden appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Mdellor, Q.C., and M1r. Brewer for the defendant. The plaintiff and the defendant are both farmers, living in the neighbourhood of Derby; and for several years a courtship had been carried on between the plaintiff's daughter and the defendant, both of whoin are about 23 years of age. According to the statement of the young woman, the defendant had repeatedly promised to mary her, and when she was visiting at his house had shown her articles of furniture which he said he had bouaht for her. The intimacy between them had, however, becoMe too familiar, and the consequ1ence was that she bad been delivered of a child the patemrity of which she imputed to the defendant. She stated that when he first made improper overtures to her she said to him that she should be a foolsh girl to let him do as he pleased with her, and that he rephed that both his sisters had allowed it before they were married, and that they were all right now. Yielding to these prsuasions she consented; and afterwards the defendant Mad refused to marry her, and had even expressed some doubt whether the child was his. Upon cross-examination, the young lady admitted that several other young men hadp~aid attentsons to her, and had even kised her and put their azms round her waist; but she said that was several years ago. She also acknowledged that one of her sisters had had two bastard children. Mr. MaLLOR addressed the jury for the defendant in mitigation of damages; and The learned JUDGE having summed up, The jury found a verdict for the plaTntiff-Damages 751- The civil business of the asizes was completely disposed of bv an early hour in the afternoon.
FrATP. PfTp MAIDSTONB, JY- 24. LUl-iL DE.-(Bee SxMCLORD CEN BARON ad a SpgcioZ Jury.) CARPEENTER V. THIE SOUT}I-EASTEPN RAILWAY COMPA2W. This wnva an action to recover damages for an accident aleged to have been occasioned by the negligence of the defendants. The company ademitted their liabihty, and paid into court the sum of 1501., as compensation to the plaintiff. Mr. E. James, Q.C., and Mr. Hawkins appeaTedl for the plaintiff and Serjeant Shee and' Mr. Petersdorff were counsel for tLe company. This action arose out of an accident that took place last Chritntas-day in the Strood tunuel, when a good many psasengers were injured, and two or three actions have alray been tried, arising out of the occurrence. The;plainti3wa n onithly 'nurse, and' it appeared by the cevdence that when the accident occutted she was crushed very severely and sustained considerable injury, from which .apparently shewas yet veryfarfrom being recovered. The jUry gave 175l. damags, i addtion to the sum already paid into court. THE QUEEN V. TnIE BAILIFF AI--D JURATS OP B OMNEY- i MAR5H. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Honeyman appeared in this cas for the prosecution; Mr. Bovill, Mr. Deedes, and Mr. Archbold were counsel for the defendants. ,,This was a mandamus directed to the defendants, requring them to elect additional jurats for the management of the extensive and valuable -district known as liomneymarsh, in this county. The question involved the rights of the lords, or owners of the soil, and the tenants, and a great many questions of law were mixed up in it. Serjeant SHEE opened the case at some length, and after a portion of the evdence had been gone into it was arranged w ith the consent-of both sides, that the matter should be tuLrned ineo a special case for the decision of the Court
-v7F.qwRNv ilrRPlM, EXETERl, WEDNSDAY; JLTh 23. m.ne conminsssion tor floidlng the assizes for the county of Devon was opened in this city yesterday afternoon, after which the judges attended divine service at the cathedral. The business is very light, there being only 6 causes and 34 prisoners. Amgong the charges are for arson, 1 for manslaughter, 3 for rape, B for unnatural crimnes, 5 for burglary, 2 for concealment of birth, and 1 for forgery. This morning Mr. Serjeant CHASN-ELL opened the Court at the GuMidhall for the city, but there is not a prisoner for trial. The business commenced in the county this morning, ,Mr. Serjeant CHANEsLm presiding in the Crown Court, and Mr. Baron MtRTiN sitting at Y41 Prins. It is expected that all the business will be disposed of by Friday evening. |NISI PRIus COIJRT.-(Before Mr'. Baron M rP.Tn and a ,Special Jury.) COOPER V. TRADER. MIr. Collier and Mr. Coleridge were coiusel for the plain. tiff, and Mr. Sergeant Kinglake and Mr. Karslake for the defendant. This was an action brought to recover damages for a breach of promise of marriage. The defendant paid 601. into court. The plaintiff was the daughter of a tradesman at Plymouth, and the defendant was the master of a trading vessel. Several letters were put in on behalf of the plaintiff, not only to prove the promise-which was virtuahy admitted-but to show the terms upon which the parties corresponded. We give some of them for the amusement of persons who are fond of this species of literature. " Friday morning. On board. " dearest Mary,-Astley is on board ; no treat for him, poor fellow, for the ship is in a horrid state. I received this morning your dear note, and I sent him on deck. WVhile I write this, am truly concerned about your being so miserable; howt wish we were married now, but cheer uap, my dearest girl; go home, or rather anything than be miserable; what you cannot cure I am sure you will endure for my sake; bhut I care not for Plymouth, or for Plymouth folks, or Afrian's married friends, or any one else whe the happiness of mny dear Mary is concerned. Are we going to be miserable for the sake of what they think 1 Will they always think for us; or, if they did, what would that profit us9 Write me your inmost thoughts in return or post, my darling, and let me consider. Does our love grow, Polly, aye ? I wish we were married; but cheer girl, cheer. I have managed to do away with kissing Miss Walt on at night now, and have told the younger brother, Mr. William, of our engagement. He is extremely pleased; and I cannot write more, my darling, for want of time. If quite possible, we might be married in eight months and a-half from this date. Cheer, girl, cheer; and write, girl, write, and maintain your womanly rights. Loving your parents-we aU have weakness. Concludingp " Believe me, darling, your own affectionate, loving "Constitution, Dec. 20, 1855. " GEOvGE., "I shall be nothing out of pocket by this affair. My 23M per month is going on since the day before the coach accident. Still I want to get back to you, and for you. I took a look at your dear portrait this morning, and I do assure you, polly dear, you look as Jolly as ever- but still nat so good in the picture as you really are. You must please write very often. Please let your worthv self be weU taken care of-this changeable weather, to oblige, dearest Mary, yonr affectionate George, who, inhaving you towrite to, with your affectionate heart, finds half his troubles renoved. - I-now conclude, with kindest love, believe, "Dearest, as ever, your own, r "My dear oirl,-Its an age since I wrote to you, but I knowTyoe don'twblame mue, but rather - pity moe, knowia g whatpleasure ithisto doso. You naughty ksitten, to say yea won'ttake Bp my valu,able timne reaLdinP yours. Hoping you are well, believe me, with kindest love, youlr ever affeCtiOnate " G1EORGP." -" Dearest Mary,-Mfy darling, lhow much my love has in creased for you. since your first note you can't imagine~ There is now.atlhines suLch a thrill passes ~throngh 3ne - times when thinkin,g of you that I am sure can only be caused by pure love, andI-hawi never feltitbefore, a1thmih youblecoine,as Ihave-done before, what- the world -l Couxrting;;but thit, dlear, is too cold a. name wherewith, to eEpress the grorth ofmy love towafrds yout. I very much washyouvml take to li4ing Dissenters. And now, mag ^tIi above protect yon, guide yon, and spiritually instrct and accomplishment of vaiie4 shapesiand forms, but your dear image dwells.vith in-e,and3tothp of youaAdthat you love me is my greatest-treat." ' After very libany lettira thedefendant vrote to the 3lain. tiff to say he was sure they should n'ot be hartp - hlr. Serj'eant KIh'GLAVt addressed the jury in-mitigation of damages. ,r- 'The jury retired for some time, and thn returned a verdiet for the plaintiff-Dimiges,, 2001., including the o01. paid into coufrt. '2 -- -.. - DOLG V. BAYER ' Mr. Smith and Mir. Cox were counsel for the pl3intiffand XMr. Collier and. Mr. R. T; Colefor the, deendant. This wvas an action for breach of- promise of marriage. The defendant denaied ma?;ing'thep±omise. Te plaintiff was a young girl o'f' 1?', the daughter of a day labourer at Exeter, and ' he -defendanst was a small farmer iu the neighbourhood. - ' ' The mother was called to prove the prom'ise. The. plain; tiff had been a servanttothe defendant's mother, and upon hes leaving all the parties met at the Ship and at the White' Hart publichouses. They frequently went there. There were a great many people there-sometimes soldiers and some girls. Her other daughter was there. She was sorry to say that other daughter -was gay. Upona one occasion her daughter (the plaintiff) received a-letter, and she became veryill. The njiother th'en Went to the defendant at the White Hart, and spok6 to him. He said it iwas not broken off, but only postpoied, and they would be married -iexat week. He accompanied the mother to the plaintiff who was in bed, and they mtade it up. Ho was going to give her a bonnet; she wished to have a white one, but he preferred a pink one,. because herwain inmoirning. . The defendant gave her 101. to rig herself out for themriage. -. The father of the praintiff was called, and he stated that his daughter was very miserable after receivinga note, and hewenttothedefendant, who said'it should beall right He went to the Ship publichouse. There was dancin'gog on, and fiddling; his daughter " Nell" (the gay one] aacedr but not Ann, the plaintiff. Other persons were called, who swore they heard the defendant say he intended to make the plaintiff his wife. It was when they were a-these publichoisses. Vnon one eccasion the defendant said tothe plaintiff; "I have deceived Mary Ann, but if I deceiie, you may my right hand drop from my body. I will have the wedding dinner at the Ship." He said he -should be married by license at St. Mary Major's Church, as money did not matter. Sometimes '"lNell" was at the ship evsiy night in the 'eek-, bat Ann did not go there without her parents, who came there two or three nights a--week to have some beer. - The defendan's chattelpropeity ha d been valued at aboit 1,500,., he was about 35 years of age. Mr. Coxr,sE in addressing the jury,for the, defendant, observed, that they had lieard from his friend two lon speeches, the one being a reiteration of the first. A smaller case of breach of promise he had never heard. He could not call the defendant, who would have altered the features of the case. A match more unsuitable could not be imagined. Let them consider the family of the girl-the parents, the gay girl, and the plaintiff spending almost every evening at the Ship publich6nse, sitting in the same room withySersons who were admittedto be prostitates. What a marriageofmiserythiswould have beein. The defendant seemed to have sat between Ann and Nell, and in his cups, no doubt, thought-" How happy could I be with either." Every one must be glad this young foolish man had escaped. Ths was one of the' scrapes into which a man got' by frequenting such places and indulging in drink; but he submitted to them it was not a ease for damages. Mr. Baron M.ucRsir summed up. Even if a man chose to promise a prostitute to marry her, knowing wvhat she was, he was bound to pay damages if he broke that promise. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff-damages, 501.
POLICE. BOWV-STRERT.-Samuel Goring, landlord of the New George,in Drury-court, Di-uy-lane, was charged with being da n& and assaulting three constables of the F Division. At about half -past 5 on the previous evening the attention of Sergeant-Mitchell, F 61, was drawn to a disturbance in Drury-court. He went to the spot and found a crowd gathered round the prisoner, and a man who was playing on a smaDl whistle. Defendant, exoited to madness by drink-, was haranlguig the mob and encouraging the whistler. Mtchell requested them to go away, and the mau with the whistle did so, but defendant turned upon the sergeaut and knocked him down. He was stnned, -and for a short time remained insensible. WVhen he recovered he got up, and attempted to take defendant into custody. A stru e ensued, and defendant made his way into his own house, dragging Mitchell with him. Here he again knocked ,IitcheUl down. Two other constables who came to Mitchell's assistance were in turn assaulted by Goring, but they ultimately overpowered him and took him to the station-house. Defendant, in a wild and incoherent manner, complained that the sergeant had ordered him away and pushed him towards the house, whn he was only"enjoying a little music." The whistler was only playing " God save the Queen," and be (defendant)'held that, as an Englishman, he was entitled to have the national anthem performed in front of his house whenever he pleased. Mr. HALL.-YoU certainly are a very unfit person to keep a publichouse, and I hone the whole matter wil be reported to the licensing magistrates. For the first assault I ehall fine you 3t, or, in default, sentence you to one month'simnprisoment; far the second 21., or 21 day' * and for thethird 1L, or 10 days'. In the course of the day defendant's wife waited on his worship, and interceded for her husband,on the ground that he was of unsound mind, and not accountable for his aetions, but, after hearing her statement, Mr. HAIL saw no reason to alter his decision. WESrsxSrTEI.-Alexander Walters, a private of the Grenadier Guards, with a Crimean medal, was charged with being drunk, and co;mmitting a series of assaults upon women. Elizabeth B enniworth, of 9, Backinghaam-row, Palmer'svillage, Vauxhall-bridge-road, said that between S and 9 o'clock on the previous night she was upstairs with her landlady, when the prisoner, who had su ddenly entered the house, was heard in1 the passage. They went downu, and quietly asked him to go out, upon whichhe struckcornplainant on the head, and knocked her down. She was stunned by the blow. Lucy Mills, residing in the sanne house, said ghat, seeing defendant il the passage, she said, "Master, what do you wanut ?'-when he knocked her down two stairs into the yard. When she got up she fond him striking Mrs. West, the landlady, in the passage. He went out, but returning repeated the assault. Sarah West proved seeing defendaut commit the two -revions assaults, and said he also struck and kicked her, bessdes which he tore her cap and gown off, damaged some hats, and broke a pane of glass. Alfred Welesley, 55 B, said he was called to Bucking ham-row, and found defendant had gone, when he followed him into Victoria-street. Although defendant was very drunk, he ran away on seeing witness, but was captured, and went quietly to the station. Defendant, in reply to the charge, said he was very sorry, hut he wvas in liquor. A sergeant of the Grenadiers said that defendant bad been in the regiment 5ive years, and hore a very good character. Mr. ARsuOan esei that this WaS a very serious matter, andhe much regretted to have to deal with a man for such an offence who had borne a good character for five years, and had just roturned from the Crimea with a medal but he must protect the publc from attacks of tnis description. The position in which defendant had pLaced himself ought to serve as a warning to soldiers not to give way to the disgusting habit of intoxication, unfortunately but too prevalent in the army;* for through defendant6s drunkenness.he had disgraced himself in behavin,g brutally and like a coward to three women. 'He could not have been so intoxicated as not to know them from the other sex, and he must be punished severely for his misconduct, for if soldiers were allowed to commit these acts with impunity the army would become obnodious to the public and be detested. Defendant was fined SOs. for each offence, and committed, in default, for three months to the Honse of Correction. WORSEUP-sTR=.-John Anderson was charged with assaults. Mrs. Victoria Appleby, a young married woman in an advanced stage of pregnancy, and one of whose eyes was perfectly black from bGows, stated that she and her sister were left in eharge of the house on the preceding evening by their mother, the widow of a publican in Shorediteh, who had been obliged to leave home on urgent business. The prisoner and a number of companions entered the house about 6 o'clock, and continued there till half-past 10, when they demanded to be served with more drink. Her sister saw that they were alre3dy intoxicated, and therefoze refused to serve them, on which they became abrsive, and the prisoner attempted to force his way into the kitchen. Witness remonstrated with him, and tried to prevent him, but tho prisoner persisted, and on finding himself thwarted, struck her repeated blows in the face, and contused it as it then appeared. A furniture-dealer named Joel, whose face was also much bruised, and who exhibited other indications of illusage, stated that he bhappenead to enter the house at the time, and heard the prisoner and his comapanions makdng such a disturbance for drink that he attempted to pacify them, and offered to pay for them if they would only be quiet, and cease from annoying the women. This only enraged the prisoner the more, for he instantly turned upon him, and, exclaiming that he would do for Iimt, struck himn down with a blow of the fist in the face. "My clothes were torn,"said the witness, - my leg is cut, as thou h with somesharpinstrument, 'Iamverymuchbruised, s d'Irealy believe that I should have beoin murdered if I had not contrived to escape by the back door into the yard. But even there I was not safe, and dared not leave the house, for the prisoner's companions swore they would have my life if I ventured to appear against him, and lay in wait for me till 2 o'clock this morning, when a constable was procured to protect me to ray own house." The prisoner professed no recollection of anything and pleaded intoxication as an excuse - but y I fr. D'ErcoueiT cliaracterized ithe assauit as of a most scandalous and disgracefsl nature, and sentenced him to pay two penalties of SOs,, or, in default, to be committed to the House of Correction for,two separate terms of six weeks each. The prisoner could not pay tho penalties, and was taken away in thevan. TH&iIEs.-Captain ILean, R.N., the Government emigra. tion officer of the port of London, brought under the notice of Yr. Y.Aurixr a seandalous fraud perpetrated, by a. Gbr: man passenger agent named Edward Zitchske,. trading underthenameof Douglasand Zitchske%passenger age,ts, of 171 Tower-hill, and stvled the "Australian and American Pa&etbpoflice." The C;ptain siid Zitclfske'w s a:liCenb6d ~assenger.agent, and had entered into con t thany intendinlg emig,r.nts to conveythem to NTew York by wayof l:iverp ccli and hiving obtained their money fothmap. poitedto eetthen a attbeIs tonsqurerwhvy.station~ at 7o'clock on.ltond,ay morning, for thepurpose of forwaisi- 'tised im toL -i Ta dv -tid t t the SFtationa athaeAppointed time. but :atcs,wnever came near them, and on Tuesday aiorn. iig it'"W' discovered that,his AofEc:-wus clcsea_and~ that he-1u d-absoonaled tErohi'"6 -mass' hman ' ' re` ceived 71.; frokl kssother1 61.;,roxI several 5., 15aa;d&K51:a each; undfr6,n onci ran 30S -The last'We ' W avery' distreisi one indeed.' A poor ma hadsold up hishome,¢ aidx= rS O3.'for-the-ppose of, emigrating to Anstxalia' which he.paidto ZiLmsewb7o e contracted to. fendihimt to 4veipool on_ theltth of Jly'ti ihip him ontha~l7th,. sayig that the vessel iit which he was to sail would leave o'n the20thi. Zitchke-sent tbn man off'tol(iverIoo andre ferred him to An agent there, who, he said, woild ship )l is. When the mati reached Liverpool hel, discovered no passage had been provided in any ship whateveir ; and tee Agent to whom he wasireferredew nothing of Zitchske or hs dealidgs. The m3n wvs still inIvefp ol, ih'the grestest distresso CaptanILean-then put in some contracts-with pas%weagers,. and,the agents rcepts for. money, and said there Tvre no Cristian ames mintioned on the contradts; and for that ozuassion the agent was liable to a penalty in ea4h case. Mr. YmDis.Eysaidtthere was no doubt of that, and askad what Captain.Leanproposedto do. :Ca 'ainLkfi replied that he wanted a warrant, for the apprehension of the agent. He was sorry -to say the bird hsd flown, he knew not where. f Mr. YAXWLBY wras atraid the agent ais beyond reach. He askedhow manJ emigrantshad heen4defrauded. n Captain Lean.-1 have eigi,ht or nine men here; I propose to takre oune warrant. Mr. YAnDLzwy was afraid he could not. grant a warrant. The contract was a civil ona, and the proceeding mrst be for a penalty. i Captain Lean would take a summons against Zitchske. He then caled John Ferry, a mechanic, who said he -paid Zitchske 51. 15s. for his conveyance to Nevr York. Hfe produced the contract and receipt, partly written and partly printed, and said Zitchske appointed to meet him on Monday morning at 7 o'clock, bhu never came to the station. mCaptin Lean said that he had given notice to Mr. Douglas, a shipowner, the surety of the defaulter Zitchske, of these proceedings. lfr. Douglas would answer any questions put to him and was in court. M'Ur. YAsRDLBY.-Mr. Douglas will do all he can to see justice done to these poor men. Perhaps he will be called upon on his bond to mnake good the defalcations of the agent. Aar. J. B. Towse, a solicitor, Esaid he was watching the case for Mr. Douglas, and would take care that everything that was right and proper should be done. Mr. YRDLEY said he wo-uld grant a summons ag-ainst zitchske. SouTmivAR.-Mr. Co3srr was occuoied the whole of yesterday afternoox in hearing charges against several extensive manufacturers in this district, instituted by the Secretary of State for the Home Department under the Smoke I nisances Act, for ualawfully carrying on business and having their furnaces so constructed ns not to consume their own smoke. Some of the defendants had been preniouslv fined. ir. Bodkin appeared for the Crovn; Mr. Superisitendlent Branford, of the M division, attended on behalf of the Commissioners of Police; and Mr. Binns appeared for two of fhe defendants. The first case was against Arf. Friend, the proprietor of extensive works known as the Pin Factory, in the Boroughroad. Mtr. Bodkin said that this was the second offence committed by the defendant. He was fined in December, 1854. * Mr. Sanderson said ha inspected the pr emises last on the 23d of May. There were at work two 5D-horse engimesthree boilers and three furnaces. They were all in the same state as when he inspected them when he was last fined. There were dense volumes of smoke issuing from the shafts, and the apparatus was not constructed so as to consume its own smoke. Miles, 191 M, proved the smoL-e issuing at intervals ap to the present time. The defendant said he used Welsh smokeless coal; therefore his furnaces did not require alteration. At the time the smoke was seen they were out of Welsh coal, but that was only a Tery short time. Mr. COmBE told him he must so construct his apparatus as to consume its smoke; then it would not render bim liable to be summoned again by using common coaL This was his second offence, and the act of Parliament was imperative as to thepenalty. Be must psy a fine of 101. and costs, and each time an offerce was proved he would be fined double. Mr. William Tucker, the pro pritor of the Boroutgh Wheel-works, Bridge-house-place, Newington-causeway, was next charged -with a similar ofence. Mr. Sandersoni said he inspected the works in. March, 1855, and found the apparatus effective. On the 2d of Tune last he again inspected them, and found that the dampers and jets of gas had been removed, which caused the smoke to issue in dense volumes. He was positive that the defendant could easily apply to his farnace an apparatus sufficient to consume the smoke. Up to the resent time the smoke issuing from the shaft was very black and offensive. in cross-examination by 3fr. Biuns, Mr. Sanderson said he never recommended any particular patent. He had been asked where - he had seen the act carried out effectually, and he generally told these defendants where to go to, but it was nO object to him. Ir. Binns.-It must he an object to you. You get your living by smoke, and would have no wvork btat for that. MIr. Sanderson.-You are mistaken, hubt it is certain you would have no work but fcor the law. (Laughter.) Mr. Bmns, who appeared to relish the joke, contended hat his client had done everything in his power to consmne the smoke, and that was all the act required. He ralled several working engineers, whc, said that they had altered the apparatus and were still making alterations to consume tshe whole smoke. Mir. Bodkdn said that was not sufficient. Other ;nanufacturers had complied with the act, and defendant must. He mnst ask for the full penalty. Mr. COmIBE said he saw nothing in this case to reduce it, therefore defendant must pay the full penialty of 5f and costs. His worship was surprised to see any of these cases before him now, as manufacturers bad had plenty of time and opportunities to construct proper apparatus. Mr. William Robert Shaw, japanner of Bsrmondsey, was charged under the same act of Parliament. Mr. Sanderson said he visited the premises, andfound two furnaces in the yard connected dith a shaft 35 feet high, from which smoke was coming in dense volumes. He m- spected the same premises in Alay, 1855, and he was fined forasimnilar offence. There had been no sufficient apparatus constructed so as to consmune the smoke. fr. Binns, on the part of the defendant, said tnat they bad been making alterations ever since, and were wi3ling to do all they could. Surely the Govemment would not be hard upon any one who did tbat. In fact, they had expendedlarge sums of money since May, 1855, up to the present time. Mr. CoaSE said that, under all the circunistances in this case, he should fine him in the mitigated penialty of 31. and costs. Mr. Nash, brush manufacturer, Berroondsey, and Mr. Clemow, fur cutter, of Staple-street, Long-lane, were each fined 51. and costs for similar offcnces. LAwRETH.-Amelia Hopkins, a married woman, was finally examined before the Hon. G. C. NORNOx on the twofold charge of murder and attempted suicide. From the evidence it appeared that on Wednesday week the prisoner, while in a state of intoxication, jumped into the Thames, near to the Westminster-bridge, with her female child, under three years old, in ber arms. By the prompt exertions of the pierman both were got out of the water just in time to save their lives, and the child was taken to Lambeth workhouse, while the prisoner was locked up on the double charge. The prisoner's husband, an industrious and hardworkin' mechanic, saidhis wife would have gone on well, and wolda be a good wife and mother, had it not been for her associat;ion with her father and family, for through them she was led into drunken hahits and neglected him (the husband), her child, and her home. Hler friends, on the contrary, attributedher conduct to harsh treatment and bad language, and it was also urged that the prisoner had for some years laboured under strange delusions, such as fancying a couple of elephants and other large animals in the room at a time. MIr. NORTrox remarked that it was quite clear thah drink produced these delusions, and the proof of it was her seeing double, and, after hearing the parties pro and con. for some length, he discharged the prisoner, her husband having agreed to allow her a separate maintenance. Elizabeth Southern, a middle-aged woman, was charged with swallowing a quantity of sugar of lead in a glass of ale, at the Plough and Harrow publichouse, in the vicinity of the court, on the evening before. in this case an antidote was timely ad uinmstered by Dr. Bushell, and the life of the prisoner was thus saved. The prisoner was remanded. The magistrate was informed that a young woman, who had been bi)ught to the stution on Tuesday morning on a charge of swallowzing a quantity of o.xalic acid 'o destroy life, had sinCeJ died at Guy's Hospitial..
A O(T A W1TIR |X DB CLU ¢sq WiESTSTI SCHOLA11K vne ot rue imnest races on record took place yesterday between the gentlemen of the Leander Ciubaudn the Wgst. Minster Scholars~ It wasfrom first to lat aMOSt bea-tiful4 and fuisbed specimen of rowing on Iboth sides, diversified with altemfe leacs, and ultimately won by ei than halfa alength. It ism to dilateon-the high vosiion of he .eader 0mb o of the West. xniste Seo]as; otharewel knwnas amateurs whio herace was from Westminster to Peatney, and the following were the crews:- We need hardly say that the dispuity in size and years was -very " extensive." It was one of those genteel events upon which there was no betting, and as the Westminsters wentto their station they looked full of hope and confi*dence, for in the invigorating sports of both field and flood they have many a time and oft carried away the palm of victory against apparently enormous odds, and but for a mischance would probably have done the same yesterday. The start took place shortly before 5 o'clock, the Leander having tho 31iddlesex station. They both went off at a very fine pace, and extremely even, in which position they continued, oar and oar. with alternate taifles of lead, to Vauxhall-bridge, which both passed under at the same moment. Immediately after this the Westminsters began to draw a sight lead to ls3me Elms, and so close was the contest that at the new bridge crossing opposite, where the far famed Red-house once stood, the nose of the Leander boat overlapped the Westminster stern about three yards. Both crews still rowed beautifully and with -reat regularity, and on approaching Chelsea College the ieander began gradually, stroke by stroke, and almost inch by inch, to advance the head of their boat, to the stern of the Westminster, and at Cadogan-pier they were nearly as level as at the moment of starting, and continued so through Battersea-bridge, but shortly afterwards the Westminsters were unfortunately put out of their course by a "billyboy," in going round which they lost some way, considered to be about a couple of lengths, and then the Leander went ahead; but their opponents again began to overhaul them, and offthe Distillery at Wandsworth were gradually ovesjapping them. The spirit and beauty of the race w as never abated and the Lander -went first through Putney-bridge, with the Westmanstere' nose up to their Xgo. 4 oar. Both crews afterwards sat down together to a dinner at Mmrs. Heath's, the Star and Garter Tavern.
TSE RASHI-BAZOU7MS. TO THE EDITOR OT THE TIMES. Sir,-As a very erroneous impressinn is likely to be caused by an article in The Timns of to-day, and one which =ould be a great injustice if not corrected, I trust that yon will kindly allow the iDsertion of the following statement in your paper, so as to slightly mitigate the severity of the language towards a body of men who, whatever their faults may have been under a Government too weak to control them, have proved themselves, at the last, equel to any discipline when under the command of men who, from Indian experience, know how to deal with the wild tribes which people so large a portion of Asia, and who, by their justice and stern determination, have been enabled to master the rejudices and lawless habits of a people whom their own Government have never been able to subdue. In November, 1855, the much-abused Basbi-Bazouks were ordered to march from the Dardanelles to Shumla by various routos. They crossed the Dardanelles to Gailipoli, to the munber of 3,500 men and horses, in small steamers, without a single accident or complaint, which I hope may be considered creditable; they then continued their march Za Adrianople to Shumla, where they all arrived in about three weeks. On the march the commandant of each reoiment was ordered to obtain a report as to the conduct of tae men from the authorities at each halting lace, and I am happy to inform you-to tho great credit, JZthink, you will consider of so large a body of men-that during so long a march not one report was unfavourable, and not one complaint wams made of non-payment by the men for what they had receie. Not one criminal offence had been committed, and the whole force arrived at Shunmla, after a march of nearly 400' miles, withoult the loss of a man or i7orse, though the snowf was very heavy in crossing the Balkans. During the stay of the force at Shumla no more crime was committed than might occur near fhe encampment of a well-organized corps of European cavalry, and I have the best authority for stating thatwhen the force was disbanded last month and the men sent to their homes, it was to the great regret of the inhabitants of Shumla and the surrounding districts, who had learned to respect the British officers who had behaved with so much justice, and had been able to obtain such command over the "barbarians," that, so for from their being considered a curse to the neighbourhood, the inhabitants regretted their departure. On the farewell parade of the force, after an address from their general, they sontaneously gave what is nuite foreign to the habits of.the East-three cheers for tbe Queen of England, to whose genero=ity theyttributed the change in ,theirposition, as they satod-"We came to- yot abused, oor,n andraed nd we retun to our homef swith your approval of oulrconduct, ourpockets fiLled, andwellelotbed"l and that whenever Er,glhnd was at war anld waoted anldiers they aould bring their sons and brothers tofightforthe m'aood bueen." rhe wholceof these facts I know to be authlentic, and many anecdotes might be given of the faith of these "barbarians " in the promises of their English officers;* and I ho, that, in justice t,o those Englishmen who have successfnlly carried outt the intentions of their Giovernmnent, and who have been the melans of sowing the sseeds of civilization amnong this wgild people, and who have gained their contidence and raised the namne of their country in all the corners of the East, yout will publish this from one who fears he has made bttt a x oor attemut to *ain them eredit TUSEICE. London, July 24 - -
TEaEsconc DmnT ox OF THmv.- "For some time past. the managers of the Glasgow aud Renfrew RaIl. way .hnve been Ieatly annoyed by the mystexious disap ance of prtion of merchandise, solid and liquid. entrusted to thelr cr for conveyance to andfrom thelk3ya burgh. This was particularly the case with fthe spirits which were caried lup and down the line, ana the abhtraction of a few bottles of the "barlev bree "from the pun-. cheorns was of almost daly occuinence. Ever pohble: mancenvre to entrap the mysterious spirit stealers was tried in vain, and the manager, Mr. Congleton, was almostl on the point of despairing when he hit upon the flowing' planotudetecingtheguilty persons. Havingprovidedhimself with a good telescope, on Saturday afteMrnoon he placed himnelf in such a position-in the staion-house as to cimmand a view of a lrge' poYtion of the line. Atrainladen. with barrels was on its wAy to efie*i 'und; wlien a good way down, M3r. C6ngleton, through-hifglam, obierved thatj the horse was pulled p, and the tmk brought o, staw; still; a hole was soon- bored -in-the-barrels, ani abouta gallon aud a.halW of ivbiky ab6.. he tan then resumed its progres-, while the -peons *ho were in collnsionwith the driver prooeededto ?aisey with their booty. Before entering-the town they were met by the polio., who wrere sentfor in the interini, and taken,k in custcdy. The prisoners have been co=ntted for tL--lXcQ2 cury. I : .~ - .* .-.
SALES BY AUCTIOI. At the Mrart Tis Day d RIS M Eeto inform the pub)lic thbartthe various eOETI dvertised fortALE, at the Mart, THIS DAY, at 12, wil be offered in the followinig oides, tiz.: I. Policies for £l10,t0 0in the Ekiuitable Assrance Office. in tWO lots. 2. Keut.-Freehold Esattes in the Parishes of Tenterden and Ebony, containing about 331 acres, in two lots. S. Xent.-Freehold Estates, near Dover, Sandwich, and Folkestone, contabining ahout 540 acres. in five Iote. 4. Oxfordshime-The Stratton Audley Manwr and Estate, near HoesIer, corntainlnigabouc 1,700 acres, in one lot. Old Broad-street. Elegant Household Irursitusr a Wi-t. Reflector Telescope, on high rjstnnd, an Air Pump, and) a costly Wrought Iron Jib rane an Fittints. MESSRS. 2BULLOCK will SELL by AUCTION, £taterra om, ,1g obr.To-maorrow, at lifer 12. bueariful modem ETIt n BO acket CABINETS Fand Chin- MO .S drawing romSa ocEsLan atales, aRcabine and pMcclopiayo, a duble,acti2on patentcar,selvey iecre, FON g;nlasses, calocks, broqnye, lbarnd diqutnin coons tables aud othetaires, atlrg bardrobe,u wor ithtco,a gQrllassdor wrabuut andn Pabiiane bedteadof marble wabhingeds-siaudo oituer wiigdto es, prnssc aovewed and chainSueior dmodernn Fuirnioture.abluey and gHratoet Clockes, Plate,l Chna, otbe eandas, Julgay28at1 four-ot 1Frencisl, FIlAraiTaE incldinga wlalnut mahoag y Sands maorgatny wsed card, another tarobles, tw odinngesmes pabe-etal wandothers writaing ditto,scouches,leta oflcais_- bed chamber appendagges, kitchen requistes and numerous other effects. MaybhoviewedonaSaturday.and catalogues had. The capital Fumiature and Effects of James Robertson, Fnq., deceased, -.1enin tereet. l, eshcter-square. MR. ELGOO Dt wcvill SE.LLan on Tusesdasy next and M5. following day, the excelent FiiNT]UlI~E ; including several moaemn bookcases. wardrobes, and other cabinet articles, in mahogany ftc. of Tery superior manufacture, the usua chamber appendages an& draingroo mates chmne-glsse. a 8 eetwinged cabinet, Eliza- caree-od peesal esidebad sethspocairus inmroccos dinin als valualtgebracpet clck. n ot.e ofiboks prints, pitath n plate an monig of, eswae. Ca Taouesdat, theu hos; and of a r valgabde iS, relsolD EillATE consistencg of h supariousironesidende goodth Buingh road close to the fourth mile stone at Upper Holloway, abuLtting upon St. dohns Church an ihteonbsspsing every few minute.. The residesce anu grounds have a frontage of 151 feet, by a depth of 400 tfet, and in addition to the advantage of occupation, present ani excellent opportunity for the creation of a large income by ground rents May hviswed, and particularsahodon the premises; atGCTareway's; of Messrs Dimmock and Burbey. solicitor-. Suffolk-lane, Castnon-sireet; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomatbury-sqtuare. No. 21, Old Band-street.-Deeorative Furniture Grand Pianoiforte y Erard, magnificent Clocks and Candelabra, Sdvres, Dresden. and Chelsea Porpselafin, Bronzes. Pictures, Drawings Service of Plate, capitol Mail Phaeton a Baggy, Double and Single Hamness, ft ls?ESSUS. FAI1EBRbTHER, CLARK, and LYE Mbeg to announte, that, having disposed of the beautiful estate, B3errymead Priory, Acton, including the whole of tho fitted furniture andL part of the effects of the late Gi. Trafford Heald, Eeq., they have removed the remaining valuable Portion to theAuction Rtooms, 121, Old Bond-otrect.which wilibe S0OL1 on Mon,ay next, July28, at 12 and Includes Sdlvres, Dresden, Chelsa,A and other chnain n gcoupe, figures, vss&o,numerous fine bronzes=adsoime timepieces in or-mouln sand Sdres cascs candelabra and laps, a service of Victoria pattern iulatein spoons. foeks,tea andcoffee service5 salts,"o, excellen3tplated goods in entrCes-, second course dishes, salvers, cruets, and 1kilves;. a collection of pictures and drawings, inctuding exciussito spemmenes by Greuze, Rugens Larnd. Murnlo, Mrs. Withers, Daufield, Bouchet, Bartholomew, and other eminent artists; miarble busts and figures, a few articles of decorative furniture, comprising beautiful ebony and b,uhI mbinets. elegant marquetorle tables, Persian carpets, screenrF and a brilliant-toned grand pianoforte by Erard in walnut case china and glass,&c, Attheerame time will beosoldaiLfew article-, picturs d-,, removed from Shotover House Oxfordshire: comnslng twolag whole-length praits of King James L. and Queen Ane, b apr a. portrait of Generall Tyrrl, by Jerras, and other paintings - a Stale bed, with hangings of green Genoa velret; a pair of console tables with rare Italianmarble taps, Oc. May be viewed Saturday preceding and morning of Bale, and the carzhiges way be seen at Wray's stables. Rarlowraewso, Bruton-sireet Catal.en to ho had on the premises; of Messrs Davies Sen, and Chiapbet Warwick-street, Ptegentsireet; and of Messrs. Farebrother, Clart andl Lye. 6, Lanicaster-place, Simud. Oxfords-hire. WIU SSRS. I. antl W. FISHER are instructed to Bt ELL by AUCTION, at the Mitre HOtel Oxforl, ont Wedneday, August 6, at 3 (by direction of the Executors of theIsats C. J. Waddell, Esq.j, the raluable FREEHIOLD and LEASEHOLD ESTATES, at tiemnore and Sandford, near Oxford. Lot L. A valuable Freehold and Tithe-free Estate, comprising the Blackbird's Lky" and Saw-pit Farms,6 containing together 230a. Or. 29p, of capitol land. with farm-house and homesteads, all sonveul-utly sarTanged. entrance lodte and labourer's cottage. The landliesverycompact,ltswell watered, and has excellent roads. The house is aPproached by an ornamental avenue of trees. Lot 2. A Freehold Enclosure of Arable lend, on the north side of the Garsington-road, known as Broken Furlong, or Hurst's Piece, containing los. Sr. 2p. Lot I. A Leasehold Estte, at Littlemnore, costaining 103a l. Irp. of excellent land, tog1ether wvith a coed residence end homestead,siut in the village: the eouse and garden are new in the ocuVaion of Air. WYestbrook. Lot 4. A Freehold brick-built Cottage~ intii oavillage. in the occupation of Mr. V. Browusell. Pritued particulars and further Iniosmation may be obtained, and a plaanseen, onsppllcation to Mr. Benwell Ballcisor, 2, ulagdialen-bridge. Oxford; of Messrs Walker, Grant, anid Co. solicitors King's-road, Gray's-finn, Londoni; and of the auctioneers, S, Hligh-street, and Littlegate. Oxford. Berkshire.-The Tildgham Estate, waith Halt Court, a most compa,t Freehold Domain of 1.106 acres, including the Mansioni and Plark, several Farms, numerous Houses and Cottages, with the Mianor of 1,idgharm, situate on the Hungerford linesof t.ee GreatiWestern Railway, almost contiguous to theWoolhamnpton Station, 11 miles from Readinig, and five from Newbury. MIjESSRS. HUMPHIREYS and WA.LLEN biave received instr,ctions to SELL by AUCTION4, at the Mart. on Tuesday, July 12. in one tot-, the aboet imal,srtant DOMAUZh which forms one of the meet complete and inviting ostatis for residence and Investmenit in the county, lyingc as it does ent4c7-1 within a ring fence, the miansion an par nearly in the centrethe former a coDmmodious residence adapted for a nobleman's or gentleman's establishsment, and in excellent repair. %rid the latter beauitifully- undulating and varied by stately timber ,.nd planitatloni, aud by a check of water, thes being approaches infoar direceionsby gee d roads, leading through the farmns and woods aDeertaining to the property ; the aspect of the mausion and general inclination of the estase being towards the south, and commaniding fine views; : bs farms coinprisiiag some of the richest land in the county, and beinglet atlowrests roa sperior class of tenanti-y; and theme being the further attmuctlena of excellent trout fishing and first-rain sheeting on the estate, and of unenroaased hunting arrangements In the neighbourhood. The manmor and recewrial tithe wil be included in the purcasw_e. The woods, ahous l1ft acres, are In hand. One-half of the purchisne-money umayuremaino motgae irvf de fsirednTh estatemay ha votyiewed til- h sale (eComoept temanuteny park,he fihor-which card fromntthnede tinersae nCcetaesno.These, Paidrparticularsith plabnes, wl han~orfu wardd pot-free)ui ent apileiCaptiontoblessris.Hpheys andie hn Wale, 68nOd numrouds vreabetciy andrtiuamentay -Xelsoh had. roftMensrs. Ortham Upthn. Uphenif, and JudohnsOrdn,slct Amifas;t th BCELLr byAotel Newburt Angel Ro asingttoko Bueasr.eading;o doom from ueN-srewCmn-tr ew tnnonStreet,J cityEeant Househocildy U-TUFurniure incte lreaing fasin, inc*u lu'din a cotl byinla d Wl nutve Commode o,beautifllyn o'enrich e, omcifted with ormelo abrla t-toe le-ctaveo Cottg Print,anofrnte,tPair oftinagpid abnets, hair osseg walnut-treeSut,cu.odt plCro s,nbeolses , dngrerrIdndi,hins. arI brndznuesr-ousvluable s,oan~( imemenotaheff~et,ac.ae.-PoTio n%b doorfom anew libarfurnieture nits of 2 DAY,ii Jieuly rds,atilpynctarll d1tNo,ct7sF ot . ebizanclosingean solerd'it aoroio smut rteht csrvea ricd coverein gruseen eletsi, eveought iro chimey gadslnses C. ndo iclrded orblon, oo ctard, anidohetabWles commons, fitte ih plate-s glarsvad sotatuary. nueoes rich veblvet pile d ca petsaind wardo.acot- ofetfinof pra s o ofdpdrints, n brillanttonslcottag , e p aianoa pair tof 11 ega bieants &c ahllts an aernrqile aeci,vlal eroncts.ormolu cteockwed,th dand prion thr frmetllega'clockTh ad catnroguin band libar furnitureonsit of2eean t eah solidetoar Od ,ros ad-redt and ofitted wicth lotoe,_1-gehc noble. sescpdiU-l, eet ,itte, eelsbo hirs Imorandtloungs oveFrmdis, oo n aetcoh dessert,nand t a tsri es,&o nerthe picipal be rom Adpoitnt incude Araiantedstead Ind, damastol oan Tttga,wth el aborael carted afwootnad.pctmgoe v bed,unble wingedHen plAi wardrobesoc efafine Spaudsh wootaes.adraerstands wasesthe dscosva and dvcis lase bordeon, Esc,hellond I,byee rdnt ofqhis Trat ZnertY fjuame And,enj ditgons ad of Mhensrs ptrongcd,andinLeah,slicitsorsvc Oldhero-stvect-, buildtTings d ofnr at. thilotim Sheriff's -Loilcr 11:0Mnio f as andh ofs theauctironeer11 Forde-sree. woits, ma Piu tEenad alleyh wsitnere aetsharm,sinrtuate Manorhes.verals Ilsoisbeg OfNaisptcAdv`w- sony.an Wahl,and cEstates,nea tgeherityof rnisto tetthLd mi-5s.rothecWityoerLisonn, cristol, onpi Thurtsday, the 7thdsy Augut,a(uless peoveienouslycepsed nofDby priPatecnr,ac3d,)tf1o'locksIdnte ofafternoon,th valuble Fcio.The reH sfo m MAOtil h.mallv-won, fa8 rms ulnds. stagesan esatatles.ondt thesproptn.tery ofraaers Adam lrdich Fan.d dectLea , by ofPrdeuryof thiTrsees subjienct tof suhe con-r ditiona willdWewt thenhSevduer,nd.nlthe orisuo.Cwich otlesaasta bWeernlsh s Oulst ctheAJ timetof na M-Dot r ThepuMadion ofrNofb wiathoitsandesur gronrs, ardes woyadis, andet applrenarfl,t&1 logehe wtheh hoeme aiz fasn,sitat i_on thesera parigFsrhes of Clata Port-Ae bur,tadeWaxihafll.ando3contaiguingtolotIeranc Omtar, g tothetite-rd melasurement, 21a AIc,th AdSow Tihe maso ofe Nairh Is urrtounde byl dliagauflepeasurve grn osinda,ntis lotrt. n Lts e3inence, ajout liot 2 mtlesfomp theMityofrieol, uath isto,s vn capt utse om,t farde, suLintabehandmletovfsset oS est s n,omple~te7reaireand lt acrhes re richas oLocotg and fstl ae of ther clshes conlunc oft the rilFiversf The excelent Farnitmrs 61ax 6mansrentii Clocias, Ca, w valuable Efects of Rilninvla nthe Spring-groye Ett, iM R, HILIESi~ nsrute, o SELL by AUO~. with crimso mlk, and o2rtains for three windows of the samie rich materal, bandsomse fleet, and Ornament. of china, chimey-&lss in gltiraaeff,sad nsrfas enesot,saoen iin os le-iaa bak. n ealrcovered in maore)O, dismevwaggon, baln furniture;.the chamber apedage, in Spandeb oihpny, include Arablai andl other bedacens and ebeelleni bed1. ding;wadrobs. hasn raes rekae~wsstns dressing and cheval glase,, handsome chinas dinner. desert, and les, services, and glass ware the usuAl kltsben reaisies. a e5nautiy of plants, aL garden rolle,-Tilts, and . variety Of effect,. MaIy be viewed on Saturday preceding the, arne, and catILlogues the-n had, at theVIIIa;, and at Mir. Plullpeb auctlon-offlees, 73, New Bond-street. YkeehoId Messuage, Camberwell, ooOhis lnoftw -Delitag.hoaae in E SSRS OOWODG aS, d7s re tete l fo the Msy ofSrrey, sitAteY, J both, int I Panct;s .ofh C Uambesslie BUIS P-B- E -nr,an neoelde, Canar le gto, rhsectable yarlon tenan ts tand ussaybe haewd atd particuar's obedain,d ambte Mrwegte:o of Mr. I3L Fll 79ine solicght-tror, Eear-oa6,n f h Pheipae,. 73 le Burond-ateet Horyd etpee. St 4~Upran;ada r This Dy-Lase.oldeaadenold Hous andetmn SlorOcalntion,-ar MESSRS. LOCKWNOOD hare drectied inyrutheions- to1 gubaget tosuiter SALE byAADOTliat ath tfart Mart. TAYS Julyt, 5b JuLt It auntnal . bigi-blHtemUi-detEchc- PBE,gRSy Fa,dCngtonnein dloeaonbrrx, Isitygton, eelofnrgarlons,tet oanta n locgroepdr,antdofrt6eermannum,andu of heoeefsat-e Maynnu wbae of£5 a eviewed, and prirtedrularaz obtainedl at the Mart ; of er. Boyssrnd Ticnel. 7, Connaumhol-oerracn d eatrte-roffdce sodf thte a autioneers. 1. Burwood-p1sebee Hiyde-park, and. 4 Upper Baker-etreet. ThisDay.-ElegalsLeholde lden o Investment.Ltl Crescupatren,t,5r -.he-tea,me Proddcing an.ana eta f:10 E SSRS. LOCKNVOOD hvei rebeite insructLEobs tsbmtorALbyAUCTION, atye fthTate thder powrts ToI DAlea . Jolythe 2 At, il 5h at I pucull,abict.bullsei-deacFhedVLLA PRESrENCE, omdsliDghNos. situate and26 beinge Ch.e1.terwstrlctoand Chaddingmon, in ecoiroxesqcirnityto lsett edsg,tab-ardens;it,cpontin suix b1edroos adrrm. ngt room,o an trererm EptWIonoo helUt fo yax lo ng ermpa at low goround rent; ha reenl beenro Intn The mrost perfetyra epair,wad b e of the eimted nannuglvadeof,ted setayowber viewed, and pited particulatMsrs. obaicmned the Mart: ,f tesere, Eoysawarerodie 0. rly-pat h fce.sHolfr and atcthenfeicesofthwoodPlacer. 1,d Burwood-pau e yepr.ad 44. Upper Ba-er-street. This Day.-Eltlbl J Leasehold In eitmnent.-iatleCstrteta 1IIESSRS. LOCKWIOOD warl submite for SALe byot Mat Tees DAo submi5th at1 punlctuAll.LE,atSEHOL MartTE0 PDAIY oemprisinga Nosf 4 2l, tanh26 Lueittly Ceseter-setacee,nd 5,L duciEngC1er anOnum andS hel ratorgso Lof dhichtabuUdit6 ear artewhunexpied,alty,e o,iw igviwoteuroundirn f£2e nneun.the. pro pertyd may bare dewded Erodeby levenfthtnat, wandr prntd pa altiualar fobtaineda the Mrd,:adprt; ontieg at exosUent, Opp ornnatg fotrraeet Idger-od andadtia aoset cotheoaices ofr tbed autonees, 1, Bsrsond place, rede-ptrond room. coppeiTtrv. a.l eldstror on et.Z Thois ren.-t; nownlet-wooAU.-Cheruat he low tentiof VIlla Reilmitedn EoSSwrS.a lw LOCKWOOnuD Mare direwted by thae Mort-e tMnsng eointod psubmi otanet thrp eli S IE art; tfe Mart eettS DAY l., daymofd buly,s Gasin;sda the suerory rete etaco hed VIL tiIou)Naml.B known pas S. Geres og,de ligh&dK perSe_tfulysiate othwhLeoeallty, fommsninvlstews-or the sntrundjr onr.I Wtnsi.a ag garden PSrOuNdb brSELLs and hAUCaTION,b frontag soBig-od rsniga xen npprtenitevy forirect-o ingan ddtioalhoue:it ~naind Bsecnbdu om.irtin om thReerceto roms c ONisao wilhld forL by longTerm, a atun Garen;nwayl,ot to Mr. ~ AtP 5h lowret of £10CSel, teLEStiHe foeor 1yAmtheart£sp tersnUs i Trayde aiewd boodeale of theld etnatablsed fllprintedpBRtiEAD obained aICUT hlst ofAE be.g M. Bee2, teq.,l2, htadrnofd-I LetdiJng Ersq., 22 Caitnyn ; and at the o fium of s ofithens. Loneerwud-plAc, Roubdswi-prkoanw, Rupperl &aker-tet Vauberlic fr ehld, fcIsteto ocuatn, M in.WTrut or eO toiiLL SyELL byO a' theMat,e Wedesay,irJuly 30,oat 12,ay AugustCY atr 41, precitely by direcion citG-ors ad enra ituAt sraeand BecingtNo. 7, UppnerySt e,anod-treet Watelo o-rNovd;mheldfr I upn tepie Ufaro of upleardte o in yeas, a9t yarsmallgond reni atw print unxoccupid butat of the annuaAzvalopreof £4.uMaybe5 vIe. Pandtpic clars II baatained Mrt of GLLwleorgEe, and Chacery-lne; an&ototh auctiort ndeer, 15 a.gSuthamptUzon-wrow, OldiBroad-sturee. rmvdtmTraiedotet CWATO read adBirecutBkersyth. otgge APO.W.TO PSNwl SELL by AUCTION,a h wt nWdedynx, Jl 30. at 12,ri aigtalos, o Tulloeca. ugut ;td prRO selD i ther LEASS, for ti yers. th Finxtursbees.tUtensil ineTrade and Goodwill fcofisanod- establisehedfll-rcd Bne'6eAD,Shp and BISCUiTdAem., bIng Noi. 12 triverterace, Mdardn-lanae, xidg's-cre-s.uayre, dewed,nianrod parofn teacIonefSO I A,GSouthamp nton-ow,fureW eraiumr. MR. C. WARTN is directed by the Mlortgagee t LVI.in Teat or Sle ONSL y U,O at the M-art, onWensa,Jly3 t Wednsda, Jly1. a 12 a HOLICY fo £1,00 wiethedos in the Sol- Seth f Noembe, 150. uon the life of a gentem anthnuin hdapthd yea, ad wo i no ina pecaiou stte f ealt,onnuale prom mio E£5LLISPaicas d asycbed hay a the HiMart; ofwGeond MAndofMr.C.tWatrioton utioee land est .attemon t, 7 Unibon-curtel -i SELby AUCTION, at ther Mart,.on Wednesday nx. July S,a r o- 10,at12 i eighTS lets wRell-seueRUD LX) o nfagand other reNS. arisiong fomua tontehiderabeea-t fom nearly 10 thLnouse,fctories andt prll ttion ofndoses-slreet adAnsret.9 Woeth Wol-grleen,pwithinarmile creuasledi yrearsoto aoud t £,20 gto one-Fourthpart or shar of whc Sh urchaerth wiolle exntled. Maybe liend,tandpriclr hPad atnthe trl;atrithefGrhe gata, Bet.hL oat-geen-ra tof George Mr.oC l artely 7. AUnTION-catoumrt,yOlBon removed"Jl from Trad1. i long, TWeaseTSofi iseE-ERet Shops and esidesoes, in Wabilien, ste,beotbadedwrd-nta-rare.y ardEdard- ppsquae,tee Caeedn tenrya,s `gton n tlan fomprorthalGrondaRent of £12 pert annum.ph f 5 fee I. thCate. rotg WR oN 5 dieed, byt a ethe Mofr14aeetao toee abotsELLJs by AUCtIO at tmhe) lart, oinaWedontesdy Jhi y35 atdro 12oClocks, inu3110s, LFIFsEEan HOUSr(awtwhps,inWlim decsi Edwad-sqare eay ditof i thevalueofp3 num dpe fortcard tioland impQee'sroedareuS. ondraef£1I! e nnm bn dantlyh sexcued IAls laseol ppourstes n hp,Nrhsre.lig cross bredding, sbsut £100pers annum.Ma bresdwdndpriu ne larshaathes martbl a te SutonsoealuugarssandDue o icmn gfTavernics, Ca.eonlsahogayad;f eboar,reHetcofs,E,slcio,2,Cl legde-h, i, Canon-streettweet, lity; gandeof r.o.Wro,acine and bevetawaenon 7,Unon-courth. Odint. Bradsteet ca naefo othereameelestreet.) -ierigadS VoeboFreehiold.al Louidec, ait Nrh owch te andOdFrd,ns PIn c rountis.o se and L MidsaGldersrex;tenwHoen exoneratedlfrom AdSiRStrtio heln r JERIN a atteSON Wto SELL bslueY by AUCTION, at, the awat',i WeneTusday, July 10, at12 IsllotseL, sEVEle FLOTHOLf FRTEAOD laud,ta prtionearing and tthe residuteaontigos toth hient reanl fromBshidngc Lpondua closeto thae, rail"y elaionxad stavlion-g anloes, NorthiWoolwaclteaardeo,haln8 a lfrontagber of 1lufot byadsth f feet, delsotfour slotsae of Gldreehst Lau,a lthle cornero thea~nn amf fond eainiptoeradsuearh aothei Rmans road, OldyFord;te yaentreelblefr imtewesite uido ngtpuroses.Th Csante ha newed untilth frnaeatoodrs-Mad enrtcuars, ith plans xtndonitone, toained of Thom asdRoger. Eq,olto tioFnbe wr,o70, whichur gareetly atten Globest vavuefrn,buile-end-prod; oyalhuspaveniing tavron,Norths Wootwihe tGrawys atatnttheofoffpites ofrh acioneer, 1n0. Valuabl Fee ald abeLLand,atKigson ad Esstsasruham. in h county .p Surre.the holpeoneraroted from laon?od-tax.pe Enu,adhlLI at virectow by dqtse Hioress-nt-Law iande Adminietatix f he sl r.~ Joon, Ptteosn to' Sh alrsultel byUCETION, atl GSEmray' AUTON Wdeely Jul the aart, inThrs gove, Ahguothert I inth nrnekly-ot d Exoppooite the Ne Cmeer abingdlongbefomer wthLafrnag ILE.of 1fet.standf iasudepthofrle fdol ; he tattr a6frntageNofr5 et, witha dtepthof140fe.rt ortthereaboutsn. Alsr-o 2 d,Plts ofreeold Land situat rc-nilt hehhroadesfrom gae o F~ehol obtRiv aind o homa wligbousom, LReqpsolctor7 £'eururohstret atthe Wite art otel samne,o at the lreu- A Piece of Butsidin-g-L-and with a Cottage thereon, s ituate on the West side Of uoge-lane, in Torteth-parle near LiAverpool. containisg in the whOle 27.1l4squaroyardrsmow in th ose-, = Of Jh. Witer.asnyearly tmsant, LosAic ofbidn f5atiore of John Winter.ice f bidh, thcuhside of'North-atrei,t in Toxteth-park, containi-ng in the whole 5,148 squicro Yards. Lot i Aptiece Of bilding-tendonthe south sideof North-street, in Toxtsth-pacr . containing in the whole 5.241 square yards. Lot 4. Alp ece of building lanid on the north sidde OffU pper Been-street audsout side of Prince Edwin-lane, in Everton, lot . Two dwelling-houses Ott the s,orthside of Upper Bean-street, in Everton witb the two dwelitag-hoasea behind the same, and ore thbe south sAs of Back Beani-street,nuaelbere-drespectively 46and 51. The rents of this lot amount to a4 4s per annum. L,ot&6 Twodwelling-houses onthenurths ideof Howarthstrsee% ioRverton, aforesaid,33num-beredland L-aud intbeococupation of DanielJoe-siandJaneTrwigg, and the dwelling-house. at the.-batk, numbered 54, in Upper Bean-f street aforesaid, Let 7. Two dwelling-housesi, in Rverton-creaoent ia Rgem-tn aforesaid, nuimbered respectively 9 and 11; also the cDachbonreud stable at the back of 'bhosad premises in flute-street Lot B. Three dweline.houses on the southi side of Upper Bean-street afore. said, numbered 24, 26, and 28sempeetlrely and the three house, behind the some, fjronting -~Back StrIckiland-street. in Evecion aforesad, numbere respectively 9, II, and 13 Lotg. Three dwelling-ouses on tho south side of Upper Bean-street aforesaid, nmebered 30 32, arnd 34 and the thr-se houses3 behind thecrans fronting Back Stricklandstreet aforesaid, numbered 15. 17 anLd 19 Lot tO. Three dwelling-. houses oni the south aids of Upper V=-xtns'et stm.smid.nusibrerd re specLtiely l6. M and 4m, with the th ea -hourses bhind the saeneanet on the niorth side Of Back Stricklandl-street aforeaid, numbered 21, 23, and 25. Lot 11. Two dwelling-hLouses On the south, ride 01 Upper, Bean-street aforesaid, numbered 42 .&ud 44 respecstively, with the two dwelling-homses behind the same sect fronting Bcktitrickl%ndstmte afoyesaid,seumbered27andM9 Pzinledr*tlcularo and oonditloon3of sale may be obtalnedinLvrpo= l at tha respbeerii offices of messs Lowndes, Bateso. and Lowness, firsuvmick teUet Liserpool ; HeM.L Norris and Son. North John.street,L p Ol;ess, Cartien and Ellis, Fenwick-strectk riverpool; atd at the asuctioneer, olPeces in Liverpool and in London;: and at thet ofofice of Msesrs Sharp,, Ield, and Jackson. and Messs. Non-Is and Slier, Beeafrd-raw ; and Kecsar Brady and Son, Staple-Inia Fr oIdOBuilding Land, fourmolle. ft. the eity,close to the Forest- gate Station. titford, Bseei ~ ._ M ESSrds. H.2BROW.X and, T. A. ROBERTS wiU B ELL byAUCTION,at the MsAt onj monday, july28 st 12t in 14 loS (ualeegans Acceptable offer be previously Made), 10 acres of elliIbleFhBSHOLD DI!BNG T-ANI, situate cjo-a toDtbe Forest. gaOteStGatInoothe EAsternCounteRie ta1way, zear Wvmstead-joug-. and admirably adapte for the erection-of villas end r,aocereesisrd bouas -Thelos tll nhave fronages varlngfroms530feet to go feet each towell-masleroads. XasybeTvieWed.and intedv&knartel&& ha,d ateZogI awidChild, Forest-gate;, ot D. B. 'laden. ]iaq.. 2, King's Arms-yard. Moorga6teuree;: at the MaLrt; and ofl Messrs H. Bresen and i. A.. Roberta, 2.Tbrosortou-streel~ , Mreebold Building IAD-d,-Oarssaltn., Surrey. netar thte Railway Ba!- tiou., Il/IESSES. HI. BROWN anid T. A. IROBERTS will LV BLL'by AUCOTION at the' Mart. on Monday.,,jnb. Z. at 34 in 10 lots (unless an acceptshie offer be Previouslynmade), ahout 1.2 Acrng Of FtREEHOLD BUILDING LAND, situate within~ u few minue"' walk Of the Carshalton. Station. on the Croydon and Ecem Rtaiwa y, aboutllfl les frannLondon. ThelIota will have front.age vaxying from 300 feet to 80 feet each, andl oDntan lenm half an acre t, two acres each. The land stands ou n eoiienre,coneanding etensi,ve,l,,w, is very dry, and desLrably situate for fost-cltos residences: the neighbourhood being Particularly lhealthy. Mlay be viewea And printad ~icular had At the Melbourne Hotel. Cirsbalton; of]D. B. Sladeli M esArms-Ivain, Moorgate-street; at the Mlart; and o Brown sod k. A, Roberts, 22, Tinrmgrorton-street. Ball a-pond-road-Lesebold astate in Klng'aod ISSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. OERTSwall & ISELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Thursday. July 31. atl12. iOto oneot bY Order of theM3origagee. PIV£ DWEI.LLN-HOUSES (one a shop), each containing eight~ rooms, being Noe 6 o10.;ngs road, Ball's-pond-read.- &Portion let to reepectabletenanct, Thewbo;e of the s-aloe of about iLe9 per annum,. and heldlorz abiant 10 Years, at a ground rent of £66 eis. each. MlaY be viewed: so rbned prtieas had Of Mo-re, Sbeardl rad Baker, sulstritem,2Cloa.taed of cusr.. Jonmes and Wright, solicitors, 9. 3.rncoPo oine-hll and of Massr&. H. Brown and T. A. Roberts, 22 ThAome ounitnee-hli rd,M ~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~Will IVSELLby AUOTIOI2, at tbeMart, on Thursday. Jul,31, at Ill, tlosbyorder of theeMortgagee, exenOv USEs bric-bil DWL yNI of threefoo hcounting-houoms,1 ,ge cime sb& 7.ndO,Spncie, r- terrcle, Sytok dfeing ten. 9let On letss to Mr Cder,ut £20ob per Hannn, then otaersbont hand,4 Peld fiu,Adb-dor about 90 years, at a,rndrn fL d ret o 412I&perarlnnu.I,ne atclars may be had o ssr.had!n -ln=ofMsr. Jones and Wright, solicit-ors.luee raty.hl;im, t Laure nce Roaktey-h3 loak and; ofd Ofr H.sg Brow andTow, andeT.A. 22, Trogogtor-treestr. IsrldlNewloy-Are.e lo DLaeodIveoes 111SSRS. H3. BRONVN and T. A. ROBERTS wil M10 liby AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thuroday. July31 at 12,h i o border of the Mortgae, xenie,ln BU LEASS UIatE5l1n~iTsATES- nerToShl-RiSge CH eo. a-od copisn aOlaRge wareou enlEoLL by odn gAteslthoe lease toi SThure a. Julyb and 12sn, irn logebyrchanto, ate £14oprannum, andethold ForIL ahuFOyeNars ta geroun rentl of £a t,per annum.o-wl ThtOed Newingtonm maybet hadbo New'esrs0Jonesaind Wighedrolic ditos arngce Prowntgro hill; bres,, fsherdom.dcoaservtr, Clalane; anod dofei oMesces. H.rg BrwnaUed g.are. Robmerts-2 hrogmnlrtoin, w-strt tahl roll ove-roaZ -ewl.erstet Delig- oneaean uidrac maee- entraces,intherarwthoe-stroeeti, abu-h, anaESRS H ll frbRutOWeN atnd erT. e. AROBER tS il aDeiLL WWLLby UCTove, s&atrthe mIas onthurf1sda,Jeahnts t1,_ in3 I1ota yOrder. of othey wMortgagee,lng 'hldforaIloDgermStAIe, copdiga xesv r ange of workshop-eachithAesbetvng-ed.sandnsi large yar. enlsdbModiggts le,ajiig Pare1rotitlars patclrsh bo esrsd Shardad Baker . eolicit tos, , , C~kloazi -lane: and. of Mess.H rown and T. A. Roberta, 21 Throgmort.-ton-.ret, ty tke Yelgon-oieares wthe Pessdesin, o_geq "ohg ~the prew ILJ12SSRS. H.,R W n .A ROBERTS, have SEL by AUCTION at the Mart, on Thurs day. July 3,a 2 in. lot . iynde IO thOfrgae, f etached bAIL preSioulyaeNCe very pleasantyetate inWil-all, Stokhi Pleasantony Opposite o the bowrdver; eonainrsi betroomdining nrod drain Drfooms brak. faekrom S tosrvaor, and gooo dnmstcmoslrtz. larnea-aildo ga mden. sume-ouse, lom taen a ntostd sotable, eigh-hte and c san'er detgroomove wihenrvanein them rer rh hl ooms oisigo about ol ain ar, oonervtfory Maboud9 eroos ataeier1 ent, dlo,meari thles caingal rooms,r consevtoy wa llegad garensdhisthic oterra, wat a stbln,oo- oxs. oeah ayse ben viewe, andge aintd parri near sanryaprenance fop etea, stlsi,t-as Mlabessars. Sihee oand tahuer, foittdcitohs pt, leklnte:i and o Mlequssit. H. Browng. band A Robsers22,Tlabonroeren-ottrees, cndiny. Sibnt,0W&cminon-f la , wit hg ciitsfrvametio p gad- ,hretepo perDoy,r-road, ner yheTarspthe.residernc ofd Georgej Russell,ds. th thlae ofeWiselmusOn,Stra.jl 6 t 2 Yodro 1fSoSrSeor reoig BRhoWgandy T A .AROTBERST-DS, wite fritu roeivgw eathekrcon tod S eddLn, attewsardr one 'lhn,t o rday,ul 31.arbeto1p inslotalndes and drso g teblesofe lasrge chimeissy anddresthg valuables drtawoWingrOugto n Hal,wodmhic sglaanty siertuare ond tile way Stton, and compisgtbes, asmetso chaiorsn oubemasioo eagmode-s brackte ie andc cinexpenssiveiscalenrute, lyngscldd inuaerich pefklie OviwornamFrialy tiLmbered, o san e d cnatueghtued chambers,h roOmis s,ndo thervauttirooms, four recetioDneromsofgodroor tions,-conervaory, bmiad om B ornuse. ofxces.llean ometiorties, i capitales plasur an walledyo gardens, hanging wood,mtc andthteracwilse, withEO ROBLSt-oosie SL,aths om 21nbl fr. Old bain- lWat honTesda ~n"t uy2a A Fllns an allREqanteuidn allT,cnsigo estusadbddn,eei oit gedingwhop, radof well-nowtexellnce and whichgabes havdoe alway cmandecad thbe, haighetst rc thakt posesidbordsionin twill be ditivng looikewaise a smallFarmanfrvit plnaivon, situati the vrcfoi llage oi. the residence may beeu hadmenione Bromley De Fl urnur r oe, Rose,E MkJjr GilEer RIH RSWil SEL bygh AUCsTI , ouhnath Premies, oSAtuRdHAy. julyb V6iac1.ky rerse h Prpretor reovig,to mahogay oArA WiliSTams, with Waritre gooe fieeather bds pro,and cetdlogu adoe, chessfdrwes marbl-top as.Bu ndsind dressingf Tables, large chimney and dreesn glassON, dawng rthlsie in-e ronThurdmay.Jsogy secret.a2lrendloosk-l bease. o. 42and diin tMabklnes,sets o9f chair-strand coue,egrvns bracketicclork,cia, glarge, kunitchefneareyuisitews,andnueros effects, bon viw cpriday okand t timbigu roffsae andEcataloguseshad tons thf Wel-ade modt gternFuristures, ipeol,ofHos, glsznd oas es, dom ari Pictures, endsnn varit fBfcnd erin B1 andsruptcogay and oheslsteglIamsofron,t lE. obbyIsON wiroolmmSELdo, ratvisg,Room;g andTills erandofEEarg. conersitn ove bedsteads and bseddling.ures an fitns a eviewed the day priorousandaealagoesehabadt Mu onthl Sal FofrPicturest nuioll Dawing, bnnenatss orall.Tye ofwhchawll baegurianlee of the ere pn urchasers. r lUR.GET. ROBINSONis niete tb tALe Prpieltar,e SEI Laet bys ACItONm , 2,OdBn-te on Thursday. Aucy31uts, n th 7re at1pEc-Sey And wills incudeSpeHmnsb PTThES undtemnlaneds oLangideld Crowe Fclms H untA Pertherhna K,kwtii snort isyaoe ofteAeleuy SaJon ontes Croydo Pitayc T Ba ooter Gilbo aUteratt tonoWtepu H. Knigh stare;z tate buchanan Hi-aye s,z and..A quaitybnbuc xrrelyVictorst n Ceavydcropsan r soughomen,udn Oow itor maret, n a rys, g, Mayebe vichmrewedtwfordy pri or, e h giif and catalogues,had, atth Rrkae-uligMtrals HedPn oofuThmrkee, loiharke Douser n CarteDet)ULLE and SONth aucioeer dBromeyKednto.ELC LTIOe l'r.Ason theoPreis, on Thursnd.Vlayb JelyLeae1.lots, Gall th Ralal BUARLDIS MBROUGL ofvi TSIERLL HOursESn and WanHOUSeS, at the EghCournerof Cmacrk-lane and owr-steet seoundbiko, a. largesn, qunityhea oftneal oew elthes oClandalalog boards caithal Toak aindefirey tbe in rotofan dhoor,seveoral tons fca ledin fats,c gutrdisen, atnd 3ueBl E Aipsto, g"on Sashes,y doorst ,part1tions, aon iLoormganD lining bnowrdn ansome mahogitany atdplstteglar,snaph frount, ihlby ofCubromb, Io olmnspr oni pvng,anwszg opifarm and sils,rectiond tofagetbaer'sit tovn slltovesnt. usfu frootuirsoand conttinigs-np.May be vowo therdayots poehrewiou.Cthanuloguteshd Ofgb ofchastr ell for.,sepo arcitdrdLe, 17,dGa pehinrth-leet pands chiof Plle and S, held forethereddet.Oripla terso ,Wyesro Spmbr C1621l.at the vealuaben Maeral of, theeorg and Vueclt afteof re M6. Taver Ale eery 21Ye and Thoupemses aoinayb ing. bypiiE o h teLLt N and SOpaeinsyoted tatclssdodtosof saeLLa by a AUCtION, inL onothe Prmi Rses,o Weonicitr.y, CAugus-6at e2, Oom MuTR TAVEoN andL Wss,EverauWlHUSSadjoining, in t.mSI, strhel'-ale andSell-yand. belngigt the parishf Mes St. l Michael u Coruttill; ciompr ising abot 3le0pou-Tne rik, several Iuonseof lend, plain andTpntee :and eat tes, ac n e tibe in of ad ors souWdELooin bards,so POn.im LLraiin,saretrfu ors stnoures rags tn avn,h.Mybevee h a peiu. Catthgue hadtle lim oo, E3ith, oSatrchiec, 10.gurtc'r9y, Cha fring-rcross ToubPoatoMechandts and tobethe.hnorandthSale Vofu cresl of noapds-ia posedof inthe mandim byluiable ontratoe.thfowigP /R.T.S BAihXtEis irsamearected byr theporopriiet or, taeon proftabeiSELtLebyAntIoN, oftn Thursday.eJuly 31, atb2. UtLThe Po mises,sthe v splelndidand so br CROP I orfh60 acsrest of finei EGENtS oran7leacres of eocRupatiWoTAoEth,ateon ~thewlnd ofempnley-,rkand afterwhrcsto i waindow AlBeeenox, uKert,wihla Baxtermegsto rt-aie the atento ftepubtio c Of this- oane of.she emogauc bncomforstratle sine aondqualtyd, andwe suchetremelyluxurian t an heay copsan re eldm sen.andno.f byormaret,onam r tan-ite nea togoo rosts an sil h insuiabl l ts,Maytbeviewd lnabtrr o'elck u th moningof ale by epling ttb Lether ceottle, at West Wckhanrgrces.for Mr Home,the balf, andcatloneshadi at th Rems Hea Inn Borugh-mrket Souhivar ; Dver astle Deotforo: and of the auctioneer,oBr'Baey,fKent. Iand re now leased to Mr. Stnebie, a highly speelable and responelbts tenant. forl4 years,from the zthot Deombe, lSS, at the annual Tent of ;£360. Lot 2. A Det=h6d House im' the Weston-road, with lawn, calend Ormond House, and Cottage adjoining, c33led Laburunra Cottare, with garden and greesbouso. This prperky is situate n the We6ton-road, about five mmnutes' walk fMm the Royal Crescent, or the whole o distano mzay be takeu from Queen-.quare through The Royal Victoria-yark, at the extremity of which it les, in the mot fashionable and beautiful enTirons of the city, approached bv easy risteggrou.. Itcommandsextensiv-icwe totbe south-west, s wel protectedfrom the morth-eat bythebe4ghts of Sion-hill and Iaesdown. Ormond House ontains dinmg room library. aud water-oet on,le groundfoo. deaiag 0oom, noudolr, and bostdbedroom on the first floor, And five goodbedzoosu above, 3itchen and other offloes below, with frontage of 57 feet and. bateon: the whole length of,first iows. an ornamental lawn in frot 150 feot by.S7 feet, oproached frm the WUston-road br -ca-iat drive of 150 feet lesig, It isleton les to tho gr,G. n6bufrirevenjea, fromthe.24ihjxne,1e . dekermnale at thefitbrse or five 5et, at-he3esrly!atdo £4, th £St7ear'axtztbDMtlisted by an allowance forzepa lahornmtn Cottage coutain a"ueooms, withsaroenand reeahou4 -130feetby45feet wile. It injI the oucupationof 31r.Yryr at lbeoeyrl7yrent ot 19.; This propety iahbll for threeliveaby adesivAveleabe, nnderSt. John's Hospital, inBath. atagroundrentof £12 per anum,. The y eobeet lifes is now age 24. Lot 3. A well-burls and subsantial Dweainghomm% with gar. den 1S0 feet in lengtb, extending to the steer. belng. No. , Wacot-teemsce, oeitaicist rOOMs front*e to tbe l-ndoroad, n cemmandingin the resrextensir views ofHpftaotn Downs, with the beautiful ceneryadjioning itisliend under a mem fora tertm of 35 years unexpired irom Ldy:day lat, subject to anaunusl Fround rent of X£SlOs, and is let to MYz Brynt, - respectae lcandx,omble tenant, at£" perannum. Lot& A IePoicy effectodinthetWe of EnglandlnsuraneCompany,fortbhesumofg 9, opn telife of John Piysick, leq.; solicttor. now aged 69 yOM ,orthebouti, with bonus cttacbedthereto. of LOfi;s.; the policyis date iMa 836,° annual premiumz£215,wbiehiclsid to 2dst MVay,,5 yuf7 ticulasn maybakown oonasppication to MessrsQ utv _e,,wte, aPsi LIbtfoet solicitor Johr-set, Belord-r-w, 7Londn; otto the a. tibnwN, At tenheu sote¶itm'ad aucti rooms, a, uazie.e h4 I iTMESSRS.CH CHadO iet46of' ik for RATE by ~public XAUCTXOIF. 5t1the lLsr, arTh'5-- Au Is - t 2for I precisely, id one iot,a Imieov G'rh RETof£SiLp erannum. Acling outb 01 and asuctj ared ispc dweliusouasa ibopan of Which 53 years were unexpired at Lady-day, 185. )aglleejoar, Z ,, uditimos of asia may be mAd Of J. 2ibOl0On, Zasq;, S, 3kairabal). strtet, Losidon - of UMesrs Bower, Boo and Cottc . alicit" te (bsancery-lace, ijnon.iia of Wr. A., usllsoicitor, I =ssj abii-t the AuctiuonMart ; and of the akuctiosseers,WillIian4ceest.woo,,.,chx D_sMble Treehotds, in Woolwyich -ad Pinmateall t ad cotu leu asking ronsFreehold Houses, atuastein Yraoes.s-ttWe,oolwjcWt- 1,M R.CHIU CH arid .SON hte--rceiveais-. i!qistroctiousto SELLby publicAUCTION. atthiATjcHonMart on Thielit.Aisut,gl oiTcS5YEIL),ikle DWEtM.G-H USEzmdPRE_'diBSESsituate andbelgNgoj, aiji, a reet;Woolwich, in the occupation of Mr. Hall, a ye;wla tenant. at am annual rent of £15 14e, -a -valuable Freehold bric -built Dwe_llh-vree Shop, an deTim-es, situate ia Frinceeetee. ol-lIsofth estimated annualvralue of £30, in the cci"Patictiof Mm Qt,aishect toalersef.rateros, of which 114 7eazs were unexpiredatLadyly' I155. atanaunnualrent ofzCl55; ThreaXseehold subUntiaut.ersecaj brirt-bulit Dwelling-liouses. situate ard being Nos5- 19, 111. and,i Brance&-stieet, Woniwich, in the 'respective eo'rpations of Quastsr mttser Ausin.t" Mr. Bltst, and Mmia l'arkin, oftheispgoss Aonnual 'valsAe OfaLl0 subjecttole*seeforaterm,of whIch 8Slesrwi ll be unexpire atMildsummer. 1854, atan anuimal groun4 rent of 13 ;also, Fouxrkgre., h Id tncek-bullt and tiled Cott&gts, situate in th ilae of Phurnsteari, Kent, near the Red Lion inn, in therespective occupations of Iegess. burne. Hayward, Bossel, and Jeal. Quarterly terants, at rentals anepunting to £28er annum. Particulars and conditions of asie 3ay beo bad (10 dayys before the of aclel at the Auction Mtarl. Londron; Of kles.sr Bower. Son,. and ,stton, *oliciiors, 46. Cbancery-lnetinLoii donx; of Mr. A. Russel ;l, ciltor Dartfosd. Rent; and of the suo.. lu.s eers, WiilIlin-steset, wootlwic IFreehold Properry nt Woolwich, Kent. 1IESSRS. CHURCH and SON are dir-ected by thet .tMMortgagees, acting mnder powrer of sale, to SELL by public, All CTION. without reserve, at the Auction Mart. on Thusady. Aug-ust 7, at IllIor o'closikprelsey. inlotstolhoedetermined onatn thsettime of saae, a -very valuable TRECEHOLD ESTATE, deelirab situate On Parsn's-hill, Woolwicli, within fire minutes' -atlk 'of the railway stalions and steamliost pie. comprising two, e^bomodleas gan well-Arranged family residences, with ornam ental garden ground In the, rear 'a rpostly erected sitei of business offices, late in,the occupa.tion, of 16~. ColIquboun, soilicitor; andt pl1ot of valuable, building _n;mun with afrotage of 10feet6Sinches. onuPa-sona's-hiL.an adepth of 1a feet or thereaboutz. Thlsipropertyis worthyof thc attention of the capitalist, sllher for investment or eceupation. being communadisgty situate in, the centre of the town. Contiguus to thprst,cipal thorugh.. fares, within, live lminuten' welk of the railway stations and tewamboat pier andadmlirablyadpted for residencesor businear purposes. The, WGo'l of the premises Are in a good general etate of rep,air, and one of the residences, and the offices have been erected witt in tha las. few adHa,solctrs. MadsOue and. r,h, igfr. n r AWillam-stee WonFaiwch Aeh. els, tenin Reeso oMnyin the Fnms. ERss.s POALE and SON will SELL by MAUCIN. at the MArctio ar, ondWe.dnsdy, Angus ,a 16, th oe1a. &atfhe dVSTENThorfad nowur heroethr 5 year. Partcisinghado Ofin'-fi elds; place f andele; an o th waentlboueer, 17,h Commercia. road. St. (leorge's east.ette. t a M SS.BROMLEY and SON will SELL by AUTON, st thefAuctio Ma t,n We WesdnesdAyi., At 1 st. by d .oftwePoprustatoria4lly and E nely buitsltellnghpEE RithDHOps, os 4 ndi? High- Esttreet, MShbdwe ar; letrolasetorM,s roee,,th co ateric otl rooms, aelt£5pernannum, held poucngdar the ofadwel Epae, at mm grondtxrenteemed. May be viewed. Particularashad at the. Joane fEast., olicitors, 9,. QOld Br-cou-ret, hacePlacne ofac ofeale and oftha ths actioeer. 1OM Chmme1rcad.rd SL . Georreeb eas t. Scities,and oters,ebiil reold Propert .o'lr_tryejor Ltettne,vtrt 3p s..BROMLEx and SON wil SELL by U11 O.N, at th desdart. Auu. ,at1, at 1he by otdei' to l the FrpIVEtr inewlytu, NINELa wy-h -II1RL OUSES, o.4,35. Noad. S3topney. EatsReet,l MeauhyPer, Stratf.d-re,eh conmtaininth s=xroom, wel tenrsnd, and phoroducngd renta of Z3la dil per annmi-r land-taxededeemet May ho viewedtParticulars badat lu the Swan andingsm Haread Thnns, Standon Erollate Ariitms Lots oemesrs.Saffileld oliiors, M68,i OldmeBrload-trot plae;o ae and of theaacinteo17 t -lec.17 hoa,nereiairoa. S t. ere' at opc e steolPpert, fo.anr Ivte; tp.y 1UESSR GABRSDEY Wn SNTEwFLOODE bya Il AUCIO S.L0 Wednesday, ategs , ate War, at th i3t atia mad,or Stepisely. thental,£1etinedPRPERTIu.EaSe, dies fomI tea fo ahhuE.A.h fixTErewllb inluedgs the pasnunetie. at be iewd Pariclarsha tfCP HeOLor GROU-.aglan, t th so-mi Pril No Gt-obce. ieend:ingt tanni Taven , LSFOby)vtcetr.se;!to Thomas and Hollato t,fi e Glosoertrcitor, Ii,t obnercaV NearlteBooms . Micigldeane;otae1 ofsaeran of.the heciocero 17 Comecil-oa, t.a,c an Est. Boh insn twpolastoand Lttlem Priti, ui-pceanGodnoland-txtree.ToTiespltret.HS. anea Th'rESTD.S ' GA S EN, aIndtherFL OI.a T. CELL S TE illI SELL by AUCTION, at teMr,111 3Ya g2in reselyw,th aboveZ-mtentioned PBOPreitTHI8 Das avri e md'igfoudoub-ba Kelgnsin gtsou appraus onteetlrio OitIto,fvsigertlesIa,lIer-outf revHO G oUlve advertised five Pale ar eartem Camp, figueas, ctt. sme . ed gAemts, attheos Bush itoeia Ma b avewd ham donpr amonday,thlges b28t o Jd 0 caintn.aud Houxes, thlsable, emebold Esartens, &Rr.i twsteadtre icso Land nat2fr'ly.v acres, in theeIo BOtate hatsh benfe minstuctes' bakyro the Campstand to alw ysthlateos Toand presfendtsonf tsubest tpportublitic everI kntountraesaee andth panroHoutableivetent iteis freeold, Gtub-avan,6 HLaD-afre ETATEwplyo, Hantna oo-gem, cosh.igo hue bp "tale,coa-h-oam Ton Sportsen otand others.gren.AUlt o imo tnzts,&Cth STEVENS ren ll SE zLL5- byl o aU termoN at Bla,frmmoomne, 387, an~tra t,CndrsectroeufTZS. PaUIlA jand .5, atiospreciselmy.G'S bids handJ HuPitl.hryan %. emmenit mkr, Emu cOLu- Bdifourdb-row-bst tel ganus ito ases wthe apartus, Hoursneart casvest, brnedllfthee,uct androlr. gems, 51ev &nc Maye viLdeewed.dcBdyporder. and ctalogruse-rbl oes ha.P r4 u thRpislinglo ai and Ho eutlod,-Vandb Leseol EstDateos, sat .E.XMisTRN inticellt SELL by AUCA TION. t thleXCafe r. Bo n tod,z Thusa, uute7dayne12Jfoci preciatly TWO LESE,LDHUSSiNt 10gvaubeF Od and 2.TY Whte Condt-tiest, niodlntia on,te an dulet-f arosnted hbleeat andTwlu Lheastehol-d forss now readyate thPwe art thre AglIcottagetnn e at.wintlnley rents, solictor, 1ife Patereoter-Ow ld. city C. Davs, insix oter urttageer, CKiharls-suar Plce, utn~ hems lienin teGlone and of the Bauctioeer Cael. ituble Lntemaseholdpraopet, aWonvenient Tbutnding, -aaeo SlIXOr of h atin 0e Tor;also Chtwil o suckbmt to ubicAU in, stheobgtreoeav, athe aor thoue, Sboeven Sthevleof r boad, Grenlaes In TL esarbeul viewe atnd port Oclck. in d one lot. a JocobsctLtA6HioLD EToraTE, situate. aotWodgeneoiting-b ttepa of sl.aa bats shop, EdindFble coafch-ose, and threencotans,- wihlo- gadn, l lt goo Paktreest,a thogeanimsqalrentalnof ne 13 se,:held fr iaterm Of il p'ain inngs, DeeP r,i188, L-n Ciat las a groundoren of I,PArtieulacs.n out, edOrM-ow WtteMao Hours the Ag'sTIOerN, onea the llroert: ad o th autioner.9, atanatsroce thner ad the Bs,ptist Capel, at liccttord., and T oCepyol, oue Ocard MESSRS.' INFO GR sE anetrScNe to SELL by A ALJ CTION .on the ate Inn,misentfa aove,n TtidrIS DA, July 29, t comprisng twoconvenent prvate rsidencs, ithppropriatou iruom- n Vod esifor the on Ce oarsim~andrblegtruato n the etherrel yoc R.mdlt Go.sy thrEeS lc-bugsto cnoutages,ethatweetl rests andSteLif ~in UTersofld.N.atte 60yers, i sxI ether coy25 ttgs wit pucuraplicie upo her liffi thEEOD lobi-etwolbed theS goisth Chapelgfotadb-, situate inthnmrt-lae, convheniet buildino, capble Pine aLd osmoatngw 2t0 people; alsoitn bing buil eroshmd d o!XR.ctae, irs. the highe roamstd,-enl h hl ftevalue X5prtui lof aoutrlarg ePw-s ctto, 41l5otandsqure, fotmg-hll;ftrtenpaceofa, and at Mpr.g 1err,mPark-sreeft.oGod4svenod-oamre-rnsurne. Hmwoelsod FEritare, Oi Paitins, rits,Linn,China. Glass, agfewmdozen o inme, oc, LES&OMXE-NHAMl SELL by AUCTION, a h Trenuists,THI DAo, Ju 53, axo-tre12.FUaNItUhe; comprising FUmahUR ogany fo . r-pofst.ogt and iobesad,fthr-beds and beddig tedito,an,dasl,andgunwit gtbles,iornampente l itms dand uleross m eRets.Maye iewd o Thrsay nd ornngof ale ad Holtwa- hous42esrasinuleenrchoentl fiisedoare ina , biut'estimated to 1IrS for64l praiitinechbuv; hidoratem Of uiswars of.90,ea.a, at avemy lowgroundrzent. Alsa.tbycrder of the PrOprietoms the fo - lowingnseWlyerected Houses, NoM,t, 2,-I, ad 4. St. Aues garnr Qr'eeu'-rxoad. Ha'erstock-hblll 2 ,,. an i.WHjzo4"nb donlan-xoad; an reodus, Archlway_-mail. Higbgate. bulls, for a tavern. best easily converted into a prrivate resildence, A portio- of the above am let to highly repectable ten an ts, and the otber lit hunds e.stimated in the whole to produ mcM12 per annutw'l h eld fo)r- ofMsr.RSot n ul sureosIl1. Hllers-stest, Centndldeish Pantheon. - Cs'nt 71, nadaItBegntsreeysmel {lalerp'0of siscentad..odern TUR,51mmzvbkwMbo ound-H&wkinc Pariy,Wouemv=Ans 'Radig &, ale Grouse;Lat S~uMuopsJlio-Bomano,-Xeny.. Canglatti * Mieris Dlw Suits orl .adrede Xsetzn Velaque Pother,hc,~ JTan Btemn Bergbem 'Ituhiss - I Wast U di.aPi..eApplms M ESES JOlq>nd AME ADM ad, o;min
