STSTZ OP TRADE. MANCIHESTER, -&uG. 4.. The mark(et is not active, but m rtfacturers and. spinnirs hiave a fair amount of orders on hand, and prices z±0 no' aLffected by the quietness which has succeeded the rather lheivy puLrchases of tho Last few weeks. For the home trade there is atila very fair-bhucness, and the demand for print. The~ lce thrade ior finc aosatisfacory scaledwhion h besp atl eath go nd deman fr pini desrketionls-ofr yarns, wrela contaee sasiee,a The ndAmtraeinw tloths is, liearha, ther qeietes at tepreslent cman orethexcp Sthates Thf pobbinwity ofas genootubd byreas gihespra ofuth rarebelo7nt tonose The laier trade is qint abstisfatmory sondthitin Ther ista this period of the year. ?M1aiuiacturers speak with.confidlence as to future prospects.
THE COZB' TP.ADE} XFAVMWzCr A- 1 -imee our last report the weather in this district has undergone a considerable ceange raat having .fallen almost daily. This, honpenaing at a time when tre de.ers' and bakers' stocks had becomose&ured to veryotnal compass, causedanu iumnediste improvement in the dOmand for ilour. and, all, good qualities bavemret a steady sale ae pncea exceed:3g Lho3e-a:edjIbnt not obtanable) on the precding rnarket-day bv s per scland barreL- Secondary and nferioa'kds have net pariecipa'ed In the amendment, being .quite neglected. .iother articles no materIal clange was apparent. - 7 - 7 'Thetinportsof wheat aud iounr froma theUolitedStatelsint&maierpool contmnue Jiheral. bu of Indian con tby are coan rtely ligbht From othersosue,thearzrials.of all produceare 3mie : Our ma1rket thiS mor3ngTvWaS only rr deratelyattended,Aua, oithstandig that the weather vas showeiry,ths gener1 tone was one of iniactSIty. I ngli3h wheat was. Sa Tystho4tsuapgy,nhd good fresh sampDles brought. 45 to do per onarter over the rant of this,hy se'nuieht, whbire the best sinsof Aneganv white must be noted4 d to fd. and red 31. to 40. per~ 70lbdesrer. The demsnd ,for flour was limilted. but sellers wsere veryiin fir.ntJdwe raise our quo lions inl ac cosfianco Tith the advance obtained during tIte wveek. Oats and oatmeelmnet asow63eIatlatiitos. }ogIsllhbeans declihed vd. to ls. per Qu arter, hust Egyptiarl were unchaged.__ _ ,:: ~Gtn(FElSTl tAG;G IC1 The weatrer continues. fin4emd forcing, and daring tho last day or twoae bavebtad reSretbing sbo*ers, wbichll w provebeneficial to the growing mrops ge-nerally. The late heavy decline in wfheatihagoomne to a Dase. snda reactiou to the extentof abont 23. per quarter On both Eng,lish end foreign has taken place, with rather more dIsport.- tion on the sPort of enillersto getiutostock.d There' in nooldbgrleyin dm13 hands, hut ta fewr ssnpteaof newr Engllh hasa found buyers at Sv~ perquarter, zcrepreseted to v.igha OtI. Per IusheL. Oatvs, fromn scorcity, commuand funll priCeS,. Beaus wfithout change.; B3IRciTGE3A, A a. 74. At GI esandWorcesermrn et3, on the 9th. wheat.was :2 to 3.. rer quarter lower. Barley less in reque3t. Oats and beans unaltered. During the present week we have had ehowery weather, which has preyented a farther falt. in'wheat and some quantity ha chuged hands at reloccrates,l Borley selslowly,but n owesbr3t es aire not eubngitteto. Pes roffering cheapes Beanscandioats mahnhatn thewi value. uptodverhaapton fethtedrathermheat moderyt dull, hut sno further decline ows submyatted to At this daleenm,anwetthe suppleri eEnllshwbeatten deshort, but an advanceof Isato2 outer s. quarters h diticulty obtained. Barleyn tending dowawahds. Oats quite as dear. Beans and urn the turn cheafper. ' - BRBTOL~ Anto. 14. 'W .havo ecaional showers, hut nothing tio interfere with the reaping, which i3 progresoing satisfatorily. Eaglleh rvheat ras in short supplyto-day, aodfetcedmathermore moneythanon thiaday se'night. 2io new7 boa yet appeared. Our supplles of foreignm are to r& liberal e4teut, andwte eipetseuces rather beterr deamandthan inst w eek. at an advance of about la. per quarter, We have heard of nO tramac2tiona in barley or beans. Oats cqme forwarsd sparingly, and fuflly fmintain preTioUs C urrentis. ,. Se hare had heavy r'uins -andthundesstorm during the veek, nor the wreather settled let. , dsatwise anedfrom Drelandthe gupplie3 har3 been of little rnomar.t.rom-abrnad, bsa the Clyde. they congisled of 23i3 quastcer of! wseair and d2470 barrels of dour froms 3ontreal and I4bw york; 'id Grangzemouth, of 3,445 quarters of vwhupt. S5 quarterd of beans, and 40 3aaS ef flour from the Continent. t .'; ' ; - The general trade durirg thi week had rot abDw rnuthrerivai, parties providing for immzedIa'e wait onily. -' Thnis da'a market seepretly weUWattended.T WEheat' nd. dour soldl inreeai at a deCline of aDiut .3sL ieirboll a u'dbarral respetively, rom tehighest currency. Bharley,, iu lhe'hbeenco ofsupply, nemornillyu - altered. Oats a slow s^ale at n reduction of fieL to Is,per 21th, Oat sn d in fain demzandat prev-ious rates..' 32;ptiiaibeans3d. dearer,per SSOlb). 1'e55ucanged. .
PUBLIC - W6L8III D L.' TO THR ZDITOR OF,T T-A,. ...ir-..Witbont ealng in ue. i th aMnoi of M .h~~~~~~~A a-kii.}*; ergonthat"ne fil 0en cooitl. t Mtli brod-spaoe inq F --)si teto terus-tie, andPoau the p nr ofmct nicabl erto cany ourt a d6e. woat in InatabiF ASrailays,a withois the; it ect zadi pedigve ppe o (4~verziesat" (;he I Miut i), it-, 1y -llo r*a iqu te :bteorm"ir-ect and the s ior of Goiv. Hewis thffat? By nothing rould an olieverfea ia En3gand, wid travelling in the interit of indiu, be MTo strck than3 by the *3senCe' tverywhee of effective caita Theo half-stared blocks,- the wrtce ilouges, the BE looms, thdipaucity 6eTeherr of iinplements-and tem ferior chrcter of- thoss-w hichdo &- frequ4ait _ in vhich the mere hnuman hdisnade:to do - fiorAbr -wrhich, inimore. advanced, countiei,sit .would iave ie aia .of an instrument of some jdnd-a whWebarrow, a pad fork, or somne othbr tool, aoording to tie rnture ori l labour-the deficiency ofoads, the mines ilorkied,' or wor;ed by theirdest,iie -oet inefcient of ineehodiZ6 bespeakacountrydestitute:of the capital requisiteforde. :veloping idcresore. ,Qipe accrneo th Ibi', too, we id th cultivatsor, whenompeledtolorow cnpital, vpayieg ine moId eaeorbint aloppredive iDtrest forw t. iihw, s Wrely, of all con ieI, hisiithe one to ichEwh capital shoud go to. b.t is p Et of t rhati empired and eismeninake andsineisseiite 3 li.- Surely-Wt -s -.r0 or. to:sa& that te r e eio~ Indian industoil lthe -is not redbletopsincipies,o.iftat thiefunetiiona of go- nernment in Indit hae essentially different -.from -a th aeelsewhIere I o w, fo-rmy part, I -inln to the wellwomrand old fbitoned, utn6t yet shucleditsu doctine, hit ithe -chief tbusine me- o Goveinents is to :pro -ecttheo rht Goindividmeit unt to lethindll triygot Sthe ofiost part alone. If anyeprepoetsindoetrie Lentof laep*i?tf uh| mayn iure that Governmentwould be iusifged- I mean indtlte a ie of itsreufunerativene *lone-in gaau. teeing a -pn,i on it,wlrhy. should not such profit be had without auh Government interenea, pics the expense of the Goverment agency, which pmight then be dinaptIsed with! To sy tht the conditi os of the polinse or of ths eorof justice, or bof the tnure of land prte entw tha, may benvery good aon for improe g tnian polioe and the adm0itnie. gf du ndm alr ofge ten d eisoE wad sometho glsethanitisr butatis n t igondteason for propesing to biron Governument with function5 to hich itis unequal, and hichf w tten it perforts at ae it performns ill. - -- ;. That.I do the Indian G:overument no rn]ustice in speain to of its perfordiances swill e apparentl br. the folowing extract from evidence given before tbe Indin Conxnzittee oE the House of Commons of 1852[ by Mr. J.-P. Wil loughby,.loc:g a member of the.1Government of Bobay, ana norr one of the Court of Directorst Mr. Willougbe :' '.Th crfonmittee,k o doubt, hs aasre of the discussions s tchforsome years pasth hevtan-en placc on the iubact of augmern -e and imaproviag the uwnaty. ana quamit of cotton from dia I cantestifyithat the Bombay Govern. 0&ent has g:ven mnuch andoa ious attentin to thet quesX ton,zqrdmltas one of national importanee. One of thechiet portefrom laol - ct'h prctc isty ~othexporte isTancarca; theiconveniene3.0f the port cit Cs+aralhde serves the name) -are exceedinglypsnaIl,dth- it is a mudy creek, from whichimerchandise cf a only be sipfoed at certain periods, a vd at sprg-tides t th sea-ter over.flows itsJisnks; for. the convenience of the shippers, and :to prevent the cotton being soiled-with mud, it occ to the locIl Govermeont that a pier, wharf, or quay might be constructed; anengineer :officer ra.s- therefore deputed to the spot to report uon. the practicinility of the Work, and to T ,ter to heq-cost of. constuction; he reported t~hat it was perfectly -practicable, and estiImated the cost of coistrection at abou.t 30,000 rpees, I or 3,00. After these preliminary proceedings the iMproveM oment as'i3 required in allpcases involvii3g an otliy otfmore than gO.OOOrapees, or ,OOO,wr was reound ith-the hreommendation of the loc3 Gorernmen4 to Calcutta for .ac hion, and the answ er we received was in the negativet on theplea-that, on finarcia oniidtrations,theoutlaycould-not 1eauthorised. This occurredin tho middle of 186i -Thearoceeiinss uost, iadue course, have beenreporateo sheal me authortliei, wo nhyeat once> reecolendgtne importance of the work, have sinctione& it; but whea I left India in May. 1851, Tacaria Bundur was in -the same uninproved state as when Mirst visiH e d it 32 y ears ogo . b Icould easilycite other exampl-es; fozr issae,'th;Iomii& AGoernment has repeate.dly requ-ested- to be per3ittedo brtige theriers and nulbas which wasoundintbe thighroad between 2Bombayiand X ri, iinmblridged oa- in Inda,i -beig, -fSthop lnurpisee 6f tic, perfectly utlees dnrlnre rainy season. It alS a r.bor, wo doubt, inom.vBt a sy -consideiable eipend tre,ze an-heceived the sblreplythtthe stateofihe exchequer jnecluded anctieu."*- - Tobae sure, all this locks vei7 like a keaous d:esireto pub. mote public wrorlis Here-wras undeniablyr a.deal of .tronble tiken, a^nd, if nothing resulted, there was the standing officia consolation that5 nobody.; wivs to blamne. iBut, -I say, if Mir.Willoughbyanilhis fiendswere half as earnest aboub developing -the resour0es sthey are keen for pxtronage and :power, and for keeping eveiythieg great and sm in::the hands of Government, -wh did not they-rwhy don't they now--propound the policy of offering a lease of thatbundur or of any other such works, to parties prepared to eiecute them on terms mutually advantageoug to themiTeie-&nto the people Of Jidia. u Such bundurs and roads vere thought to be wanted some years ago on the Efeshire and Edinburgh sides of the Firth of Forth: TheDuke of: Buonelch- and Sir John Gladstone came forward to execte the vork; they did it welL of course, ,nad they now levy tos o tiravulezs and troafo, under power of an act of ` PrliamenS which tolls adequately repay them for having rendered thsigat service to theirecountry. Bat, for one thing, the Gove n bmentof Indiamll give no land anywhere in fje-simele2 - The inference is, that:theyr do-not waiint -to have rich and powverful subjects -in their territories-mea who -woild share in their powver, makce publi.¢ their shortcomings, aid make their nowr snug exercise of patronage a grsve and r- - monsble trst, with which tlhey dare, not trifle in the face I hope, Sir, with the -incressing3knowledge of India now, poWsessed here, that the time has come whenEnglish capit andEuglish capitalists may get intoit on beneficial torms- benefici foremselvesand for India alike. The fact thst,1 - hitherto; theyhcave iot-got-intoit, and wouldnet go, is one that canmot be- denied; nor explained, I regret to sat, except on-grounds which are dscreditable to the lEst Indii Company.- But if, as thky nbw say, a change has coiee over thefpfit of their dreams, let them ounce thet on which they -will give private entceprise a.chance of doing foritself. It is for them, if they dotheir duty, to attractit .eomehow; if it does not1go wheii it couldhbeaosresnu. neratively employed, .it ls for-.them to explain "the ress'-Iwby." - ' I I I zL Sir. vnis n8,, ~, -. :. TJ. C. New-cross, A-dg. 13.
MELAIOCOLY -SEVJT SonARBOROUOIE.-.MIr. Robert Stbvert, aged 54, of tie fin of Mwas..Staver, Zy goima, and Co.,nnerchants Mhanclester;Huddersfield, and ]orxdford; lost his1ife by drowning at Scarborough, under vuinful cirCuInstances, e -.Monday last. Mr. Stavert, with w0e and OAmiIh,d boeei staying atl the Crown Hotelfor some days pr Tousl;-The facts,- iis *adduoed at' the eoroneres inquet, were br:flyas follows *-3iStet, whovas n eieellent swinmner, went to the south sands to bathe on Mondsymorning lst, and;havinggone frther oat into the ser -than ~was prudent,.a wave gmove r hm anda he sank. - His cniesfor xsa cerere heard byeprtie s whao Were bathing and on the saad nd suds boat -ws procured- -a edile apossible,-and r. Stvert's bcdras pulled into it. te was taken, without' delay, to a ~ hos sadiQnIng -the -sands. -where effectual a ttenipt wre -made by-Dr. ras and l{r. Cooke, dsugeo! -for upwards of an bour toredtore imation. Great prse is due to the Pev. Canon Trevor forhis ecrtions to rover -Mr. Stavert, for, en hearing of the accident, he immediat stsipped, and,Iat great risk, swam toD.thplace where r Stavert was seen to disappea i and rendreed valuable sit ance- in recovering the body. r. as the oirer of the bathing nmchine usd by Mr. Stavery, autione him not to go too far oat, as god swimmers like him are apt o do. -The jury returned ay erdict of "Accidentally drowned while ' bathing."- - At a7meeting of the conion council-of Scarborough,- held onatha sae-day it a rlvod that a boat should during theh-ne o ate tioned near to the chines to a e's edsa Wa able in case of acIdentlto.persoiabathing. An eyeitness ,oE 1;he drowi- thum describee- it .-" Mr. Staviert wt intolfiseito athe statquarter to8in thei ornmng, and wig cautioned ab e b an y ini h oibeiYm nu i not to go out too E r,la -a -,xtrofg 'b.}k wabw waranting. lEr. Stavert t h the man fr -biasT - proper caution, and told him-he would take laii adVo.. .h Tory few minnif s after; hoiiever,' he ws smen ani -the beach-hoistinghis hand, andi as a-good e,'h le sa segnal of aistrss, adials voice waalemA on t1abeach caing for -help- - One of the-noblest of Gds in the Person -of Canon Traver; of york a- fn. AjI tic man, six feet high and stout in proporion,-and aL alendid -wimuer, at 'the' iminent iisk of -his own life, -seg the danger of [r;.: .vert,. thrby o£ff _i clothes and, in Jis-- drawers xad fiannel- walztoat; rushed throuth the -heasy-breakers to reecueo the drowingsnau. to I ooner, : howVer, b d- he waer bnatak bigbh. in tha he- informed *the writer) he feend tihe - undcurrent, '&ulled .3in Scixrborouh -the back wate-r,' cairied- hu off his - leg and, with- al- his eforts, the further he:awam fto oeathe Iurkher he I the drorwning man,- receding from him. .After - noble attempt,to save hini, finding -is orn t the } pindentrlefthim was to WIm for se*a. -" rapidly as possible, s rbhis o life. The-wriUt w e thai hore wheu the Po e:.boat's crew wlho, of life, ad-puqed through the*:lr ;kiM tihem to land, and had the mpournfu atia4tion, - nodd f 20j-e&' se tacSi. ft&reocna h dcae,siepae DEery effort- ta th6 Artielt p of ship coild diofateor Kience t a to -the esd gen:tleman, but wrthoust avail.- View .x- 1-e jua ra to into the;boats Theo ii legs I Xtffort6to sve nli'usnn b f t tha banCks Tiev6r,roI- r andthe iid 3sew wlsc> at -,e ifnixtriskelthqir iai Lsam XLg Dtvi-b'S;1 *Mw Mr 44zaii,
LOZ-DOZ4 -FIDAF, A4UG ST 15. 156. Rikaa, thougn with a new EM BR and fresh -opportunities, seems far from disposed to enter the peth. of reform. The obstinate and sullen spirit atill* lives-humiliations are, -it would appear, qnc3t already forgotten, and both CzAR and IKople are As ready as ever to play th6 old gane -of pride, violence, and cunning, which was successfuL-for more than. 150 years. ut iWe cannot think that at the present time such A display will be successful. - Common prudence would advise: a more giadual and les de-_on _trtve return to the asimptions aud zlcea(~ of former days. It is but a few inonthA since Russia accepted the terms of peace proposed through Austrian mediation. At that time we er. told daily by the Russian pres in Emropa of the sincerity and moderation of the C-ZAr. To Welieve cetain- prints and certain politicians, U.usgia wa3 ;a laud of good faith, and her- unamb-Itious' people were- 1t in' astonis:hmen at te, design imputed,to them by the misguided *Obnet~ of the. West., About last February, -*hen the rep t D!tives of Europe were to 3acef, in Faris2 . the .toneo of every RBian ogan was most migniloquent and ligh-mined. -'ee,~ goodwill to all me; popalar instution, ~a.ways,'- cahals, improyeI agriculture, iree ; sd'y wera ii',the heartVof every Russian. A l of goodfnmoued pity was the answer to -thos ,wo hinted thlit MscOvit 'policy nuig still renmn un4hnged cnd- that it woI ul wL 1 to lake uarantees while we were still strong; united, and in earnest.;- All tbis-lasted until peace wpa made, and Russia obtained conditions, wih which Ehe had- no- rea,n to beodis'tisfied. - wo, owever, all: is changed., Cronstad is no longer threatened; Poland is for ever abandoned by the West, and wnll be fully Russianized before- wa-again -visits Europe; Bssarabia, with the exception of a narrow sip, -is- preserved; the Caucasus still remains a Rtussian, possession. The CZAR is about to be crowned with ijmuch splendour, and all Europe is -flocking to -tie sight. Russia is again taldng her stand as a great Plower, and is no longer a vast prison, with a Sovereign, nobility, -and people placed under the ban of the world. Hence the old, inveterate obstinacy, revives; the old cunning is once more to be t-ried to discover if it can, as of yore, command success. - - There can be no doubt of the unwillingness of Rumsia to cede quietly and honourably what has become by treaty the property of the Ottoman State. We shall, perhaps, have it explained with many details that the difficilties we complain of were unavoidable ; that the destruction of Kars and the Danubian forts was strictly legal, and that the occupation of Serpents Island was only some -aansaction connected with the lighthouse. But factosstill remain on record. It is certain that the conduct of the Russians has induced- ,England again to occupy-the Black Sea The Hannibal has been sent to Serpents Island, and sufficient intimnation has been given that in the opinion of the allie3 somethingE lie a breach of faith has taken place. Compare the conduct of France and England with that of their late enemy. The allies had more than 250,000 men in the East. They had prepared, far from tleir own countryz imraer.= stores of food, clothing, and warlike naferial,- in expectation of long hostilities. Every man and horse and gun had to be brought away by sea, at a time when transport was scarce and dear. Yet in four months, two-thirds of the time allowed, not only the Crimea but Turkey itself has been cleared of the allied troops. We learn from Constantinople today that after the departure of a flotilla then about to sail scarcely a thousand Frenchmen would be left in Turkey. Our own naval and military establishments have been broken up, and soon Scutari will retain no traces of us except the graves of the dead and the monument which commemorates them. - This promptness, so honourable to both nations, has not been imitated by Russia. Although Kars is but some 30 miles from her own frontier, and held but by a few thousand men, she is there still, destroying works, cutting down forests, refusing EngEsh officers the right of visiting the spot, andc during her little term of poWer, playing the despot after the fashion of Wars3w or Tiflis. The same is the case at the mouth of the Danube. -Russian troops are still there, and will remain until the latest day allowed by treaty, with perhaps the desperate hope that something will happen to enable them to refuse the cession altogether. The part of Bessarabia which is to be added to the Principalities is still in Russian hands, and the CzAp. raises doubts on the topography, and would, as far as may be judged :rom appearnces, gladly evade the condition which for the first time causes his frorntier to recede. We do not certainly think that any practical result will followr from these litigious and undi,nified displays. The other Powersarefartoonmuch in earnest to allow any trifling in matters of such importance. It will be observed that Austria, who perhaps knows her neighbour better than we do, has not yet evactuated the Principalities, although she ought to have done so some time snce. She is; no doubt, waiting untilRussia shall have performed her part of the engagement. That when the end of the six months comes wo sainl see the Russians unwillingly depart is :crt-ain enough. 'We may in future times have to watch their designs for the recovery of their former territory, but that they will acquieswe for the present we know, because we have the power to enforce it. BEt the spirit' of the Court of St. Petersburg is not the less apparent. It can hardly be to impose on civilized nations that the Russian Sovereign makes this display of impotent obstinacy. Indeed, the impression it must leave on Europeans is rather that Russia is weaker and more sorely vwounded than was thought. To see her lingering at the spots she must leave, and performing acts of paltry tyranny to the last, cannot raise her in the eyes of German or Italian. But it may be that. on some ignorant and confiding races the spectacle of her armed 'occupation after the alies have left the East may have an influence. If she hold Kars after P?rance and England have withdrawn their arnies from Constantinople, the fact may be explained consistently with Russian interests amnong nations to whom Russia alone spea'ks. Nevertheless, in tne end such subterfuges can be of little avail, and the conduct of Rusia, by destroying any nascent feeling of confidence among the Western nations, will bring on her evils far overbalancing any advantages which a, diIatory evacuation can procure.
The jealousy of Government patronage and protection which characterizes us as a nation requires, like many- other wholesome biases, its proper checks and cautions. If we are to go into one extreme or another. this is doubtless a much more healthy one than that of too much dependence upon Government. We have the result, indeed, of the two systems before our eyes in the general condition of this country, as compared with continental States. On the continent the Government is everything. it is the spring of public activity, and is the suggestive and the intiative part of the body -politic. The Government is the educator, the nurse, and the purveyor of the community,-col1ects pictures, establishes schools, constructs railways. With us the Government takea only a secondary' part, and comes in as a monitor and supervisor, while the moving spring and fountain of improvement- is the popular mind itself. The public itself is the great executive; and, certainly, the result is 'not unfavourable as compared with the continental one. We are 1;eforehand in the great march of improvement, and private companies have spread a network bf "iail-ways - over this country, -while on the coistinent a few trunk-lines are the only witnesses as yet to the effectiveness of a Government initiative. But there are exceptions to every goodl rule. Particular lines, of art and science may lie 0o completely outside of the main sphere of national activity that if they are left to themselves they will pine and die, like branches cut off from the parent stem. 'The great reservoir of national life and interest which feeds the other departments does not coummunicate with them, and a public which flings [itself -with ali its might into the work of practical and commercial improvement and expansion has not i time to attend to 'the, more refined, delicate, and minute departments of tas te, art, and abstract touience. The main work of the age can get on them; we can be rich, powerful, and great as a nation without succeeding in such linea. We throw them aside, therefore, a'sso much mnere prettiness 'and luxury, which can 'wait till buai'neas is done, and till we have done all, as a trading ,andmanufacturing nation, that we ecai do. It is unnecessary to sayhow long 'this will be. The Rorans waited till they had conquered the world before they condescended to attena to literature, oratory, or philosophy lterbis 7 isa limited portion of Nser i,Trh4de and manufactures Iare infinitei ;-Aps-on Alps aise; the- more p- grew we make'the m6re -*e hall- want to make. If we wait, then, till we have dono all as a manufacturing and trading nation *hich we .cai do before we give our attention to certain iner departmentz of iniprovement, we shall wait for ever; and ior this interval, which wil never come to an ena,§these-wil xiinply-have languished. Thisis subject-niatter, then,which requires a gentle application of artificial stimulus and the fostering hand of Governmentpatronage. - 4- We make these remarks with reference1to the Th'ird Report of the D8pari;nent of- Science and "Art." With all its jeslousy of Government patronage the English public will hardly object to the moderate encouragement given by GCovernment to the-different lines of taste and science embraced fitfiuiji his '~ deatment. ' If we 'aroi tobu iuSYto correct our deficiencies, We " t any rate 'kow them, and Inow, therefore, on what' points artificial stimulus is wanted. *We'- are all ready,' to admit, for ,example, ; our shocomings in worIks of art in :whicli beauty,°f design is needed. The Great Exhibition, inkAed, brought tis fact strongy home to, us. We Can do without this luxury, it is'true. Our spooins, our forks, our ladles, our fish-knive our dishes and covers, can all perform their' respective functions perfectly well whateier-shape they adopt: Our teapots and coffeepots are, :happily, unconscious of their deformity, and are not ashamed of themselves when they come into society; they therefore do not act,am se. Our urnsj,with shape-fshape it may be called-so gratuitously cumbrolls that it is A cO".4"ug probleia hwit-culd ever have prezsented itself to the designing niind, unless a distressing nightmare brought it out of the unlnown world, or its conception took place in a fit of religious despondency-our - urns, weo say, still possessthe usefulfaculty of holding-hot water. wow objectless, poor, and feeble is our chasing, where it is not coarse and repulsive; but the inside is all the same, whatever be the pattern of the outside. Stil, when ugly shapes andtasteful ones are seen togetherwe prefer beauty, and wonder how. we could ever have been content with suchugly apparitions on our dinner and breakfast tables. But here the English mind is at present defective. The foreigner beats us. Look at :French bronzework, turn even to the less esoteric subject of paper patterns, where the sphere of the: artist verges on that of the upholsterer. How bold, inventive, and brilliant is the French upholsterer compared to the English ! How he dashes off a pattern' for the waU of your saloon that. Eiiglish art would have shrunk from, never supposing it possible that sueh a design could have answered; yet it does answer its purpose and takes the eye. In- the defect of national taste, then, the pressure of business, and the want of time for attending to superfluities under which the nation at large labours, the " Departnent of Science and Art," working under the supervision of a Committee of' Privy Council, gives only a proper amount of Government patronage to these lines of ornamental art. We believe the operation of this patronage has been favourable, aud that alreadly an improvement has taken place - in our works of design. There are other subjects which this department takes up, and on which its services have also beenconsiderable. Thegeological branch has been very effective, and the mining statistics -which have been accumulated promise to be decidedly .useful. The " Department of Science and Art" has, indeed, suffered sromewhat in general estimation from the too benignant smiles, and too sedulous protection of the PBinirE CoNsour, ana it is said also that this, like most other departments in which patronage comes in, has not been whiolly free from the -chage of jobbi.g. We cannot doubt, bowever, that,-making -proper allowances; the application of Government aid to these lines of taste and science has been advantageous. The summary of the report places before us in a condensed form the results of the working of the department; and, among other satisfactory signs, it appears that the Schools of Art have been attended by nearly 12,000 pupils. If this is the case we may reasonably5 look to some improvemnent in English taste, and to some amendment in our ornamental art and works of design. There is no reason why we should suppose that there was any radical defect in the English mind in this departmaent, or that Eng'ish taste was irrevocably bad. That we can criticise our own workmanship and see our own shortcomings shows the presence of elementary art in the national mind, which only requires developing to attain to maturity. The. bustle in which we live as a trading nation has hitherto prevented this; but, if proper encouragement is given to these tastes, and if a quiet corner is gained for their cultivation, we may naturally expect that the proper growth will take place. So far certainly as gru;mbling 'and crliicising are a sign3 of taste, we [may congratulate ourselves, for - we grunble and criticise enough. No one is more critical than an educated EnglishnAn. -But to have an idea and to be able to express it are different things. We hope this new school will -facilitate the expres3ion of the national taste. - -
* The,return of £li3s aNrosr .to this country has been so unobtrusive that probably not many persons are aware that thTe lady who had won for herself so high a reputation for humanity in the East during the reeent war is once more back in her own country. She left Turkeyin the 'same quiet 'way -in 'which she arrived in England. Her instinctive good taste and right fe,eling. taught her that sueh exertions as those which had .been made by-herself and her sisters in the cause of humanity could not with propriety become the subject of a triumph or ovation. The reward they look for it is not in man's power to bestov;. 'They do well td, leave honoursmand crosses and such matters to the General Officers, and to rest quietly -on. the.conviction -that the extent of their labours and sufferings is duly ap- preciated by their- countrymen. The actual risk. they ran was not.. small. Th6 dci2ger to life: in those pestilential hospitals, in which sank so-many poor'felows'who iight'hafie.ben sav6ed, was 6f thb -3ost' serious-, descriptich. -The-. health '6f many of the. nuse adof'-Mi b!IGE AT- among the number-was s'eriously adffeted, and it was, almbst by a mixale'that she escaped English. Ladies,;howeser, who-hada been delicately nuitured at home were found willing to,encounter all risks, so that the:coluXbe oflservice to.the wounded or dying soldier. -t i-s a 'most- touching-,episode in the'i*,ar, and history wil not willinglylet:die the naimes of' thoseladies who so-distinguiahed themselves. If honours were. appropriate in such.a case they vwould, no doubt, be freely bt~owed for it would.be strange indeed' could their per c be .pid in.the. same.coin,.-.that- our AIRS and. LucAxs should walk- about "the streets jingling& with medals; andh FOPi=CZ GATfiE rcewe' tio mark of distinction. All this, however, is sit. should be; to: some honoiur are given,'to others honour. - The last is the pOrtl-iOf Miss NiORTiNGAhE andhe,r companions, and most per will.think that they teed not trouble theniselves ab.out the shadow when they have--the-substance._ Independently of the admiratioi and respebt of their coountrymen it must to them be, catse for. profound satifatioa that they really didalleviate oi much human sufferIing, .-and . that where lelp was unavaIlin they soothed the. dying moments of -o many gallant ~snen,~ whT,o IiE given eheir_ ,i for their coium try. It inly requires to 'recui f -h se l reposw whi,eh-it Iras ii uu dutyto lay before .'our'readers whenuiaat!eis-werent3he worxt in the ioeit.al'at Coiastantinopl,e':tosfeel houw great a dconsol 'tiobi :t~het '5fferers the 'presence of- 'he ladiesa must liave be,en. Wriethst they could otherwere the wrork of 'teet hosta orderlies tra~e that for-varoux offices -which: mus be.H dered 'to awounded mea they-could not p the dutIes of 'the robust professional 3nurse *ut they brongit tenderness and inteiiligence yikWar ipox su'ein a,nd ,stuyidi,ty, To the: Zt dyng soldier -theywfere he represetti-ves 0psomsof m,othersj -ie,: sistersF and of all th A& hWmn5ties- of 'The-fawles test: .,the valule of- it:is ' N1G GAigs seriiee6 .ld whe-n we ay MisNtGRoAU _twie her is the :representatieof'tEe ban, '_tR V 3ou nd in the opnon entered of 'ter by th, poor men who profited by' her labours. Noaoubt, under ordinary cirbumstanceg, 'i4 tbil ,ountry a lady-nurseiE not a very profitable adjunct to an: 'hospital, but in tha East'the case was widely different. in England the . hospitals . are - f.or the most part admirably maraged, -and- their adinmistrators, lay or mBdkcal; are directly' under the control of public:'opinion. Wheni female assistance is neededlit can ' be procued in abun-. dance. Th6 relatives of the patient are admitted to his bedside. In' Turkey Miss NIan=GAi;E and her companions were the." public opinio' which was needed. .They were the female nurses, they were the relatives and- friends of the sufferers. Wliat tney could not accomplish by actual strength of a-m Athey could bring about by their intelligenlce and by the influence tery- acquired over the staff of the hospital. Mis sonIGNG'A1, indeed, appears to possess a high power of organization. It -would n6t be d6ing justice -to her peculiar ability to speak of- her in -any -way as a lady-nurse, if the term: mplies aught of detraction from the ful value of her exertions. By il accounts she is fally, competent to:tak9;'chAarge of the nursing arx rangements of any large hospitaL She possesses the power of control 'and the - fitness: for conmmand, as well as the cdeepest tenderness of feeling and boundless - sympathy with suffering humanity. We hav'e an especial right to be heard on this_-p6int, .for the gentleman who 'was charged with the duty of distributing t1he purchases'made on account of what was called The Times Fund was constantly brought into con, tact with Miss NiGHTnGAnT. He.has ever,spoken in the warmest terms.of the quickness.of her intelligence, of herforesight,of her finnness,-inaword, of 'her peculiar fitness for the trying duties which she had imposed 'upon herself. Scutari hospital when things were at, the'worst was no scene of dilettantism. There was stem work to be done in the midst of the most lamentable confusion, and the moat agonizing incidents of human suffering. Miss NIGHTINGoAE was equal to the occasion. She greatly helped to introduce order where all was disorder, 'and to procure for the poor soldiers comforts-and appliances of which they were wholly- destitute before she appeared -in the wvards.. We are not dealing ,judt now with considerations of mere sentiment; we speak of fresh linen and cleanliness-of food such as could be swallowed by the sufferers in their distressing eondition,-matters of as much importance as the purely medical treatment. Probably there wiUl never again exist, so violent a necessity for volunteer'service as there was in the hospital at Scutari when things were at the worst, during the winter months of last year. It is not, however, just now our object to challenge the shortcomings of those who. did not do their duty, but to write a few heartfelt w.ords of weleome-back to that lady who did far more than her duty. In the coure of a fow months Mis NIHouTliOGALhasmnanaged to do mbie -good than a hundred benevolent people who iive the average term of maes existence can hope to cram into their whole lives. Her name has been pronotunced between two blessings by thousands of men upon whom her good influence has passed in the midst of their anguish of body and of mind. The singular absence of " canf' of any kind is to be noted in this lady's actions and words. There is no unction, no theological slang, in her proceedings. She does good, and she passes on. We remember well, when Miss NWIGHTn(;AL first commenced her operations in the East, it was said that she had gone there to proselytize. The accusation, however, was so strongly at variance w;ith the facts, that in a short space even maliee, envy, and spite gave it.up as impracticable diet. Other 'people may have done cleverer, we doubt if many have done braver things than MEss NIGHUnGALE; but certainly few have had the power and the inclination to perform works of Christian charity on so extensive a scale. All England, we are confident, will join us most cordially in the wish that this excellent lady may be spared for many years of happiness-whkich meanls, no doubt, tO MiSS NIGernTINGA the opportunity for 'doing good.
If it is right in private charities not to let the left hand knoI what the right hand doeth, it may be a duty to violate the rule in matters of public beneficence.- lost persons will be amious to. know what has been the result of the subscription.opened in behalf of those who suffered bv the late inundations in France, and thi3 from no desire to magnify what has been done,'but rather from a -wish to obtain some sure indication of the national feeling. It will probably be -remembered that, prompt. as the LoRD M&Yon was in caling the meeting at the Mansion-house, he did not taake this step without first ascertaining from the Prefect of the Seine that the sympathy of the English expressed in a public subscription would not be offensiye to . the French people. They certainly do not require our charity, and it would have beei fitile to offer it. But it was felt that we miight offer our sympathy and ass,stance, and- that -to--be -permited to give Athis was an -honour to us. - With this view the subscription list was, opened, and now that it is aboutf to be cloed it, is entirely with this view that we. ssum up the 'result. ,The total collected must be .more than- 1,000,0O(Y francs. Of this Liverpool, Birmingham. and som-'e other- towsi in Engiaid 'have 'sentAheir- qao6ta direct to Paris;.'-Scitlnd, tbo; with s:ome of the old feeling -which has kept aliv and..ws t. this day the meniory of its French allisnces, -sent its offering in the sanme wvay. For the rest, Manchester, Leeds, Nottingam,;PBi*tol, and the towns , of England gen6rlMy, added-' their subscriptivns to the Ionidon list, which now exceeds 32,0003. in hand. , In: t'he Egyp'tiis-tall_ whein the subjeet was frst 'brought before the public, 5,0001., was- collectd -in: a' -'aingle hour; and the noble examn!ple thus set- in the Cit -was wotthily tollowed by Levery class of the co'miia munity. ' PFrom HER, MA"sY, who gave 'a Royal donation, to the anonymous "Vriend"who gave iis 1os., and the ." Vorkman" who contributed his shilling, there has been no rnistake about our English feeling in this matter. -Hi6re,'gain,'asin 'te -at wlhich latelyendec, evil has been turned to good. -n act of imperial outrag6, that, if permittAd, would> ^i-,ave demoralized Europa, provoked- between the tio foremost nations in-the world, hitberto rival, .an alliance that bids fair to be lasting.- A; fightful disaster has now drawn forth the mpathies of one nation; towards the other in'a manner likely to ,! --' .@rt. F It~ is enth ill ' that e" hav 5erbed ,to EXene.-eloda- ad othier ,^^ 'ons,ani1 that is lnot 1.2 little. >It ;C,2aIg mpoiblefor-I)toli trs ai'e. in~ ,.ommunity.of suffering- to go to war with eah .tie,r'asor thi, sava4ge to a.ttac the rgrho has partaken' 'of 'his - alt. Every. day iNr ',atcn re becomin n,ore.' close., W e' -lui always - tepectedi th --lteratire of Face, France has lattierly beguni to study Engish literature. -It is ~on?ithree yeats sinoe an exhibition .ofi French pictures. -wa first-opened un London; it" as only last-year that Enlish uire fist diwmedu pon The rnch; and now, at the CrystvA'Plmbe, both wlhools niay be seen side by aide in friendly rivlr. T,here ba just been an Airicultika Show- in: arls, and English farmes- t}ronged to it, the French farmers eagerly lBuyn3g their cattle. From day-to day the Iriendly i nre gathers strength and tkes new iormi; Thais, indeed, were anong the ~iiF to come forward with their subcnptions w-en the distreig disaster occurre That has elicited so much' sympathy. The LOnD CM&ol; vwith a promptitude that does him honour, cau'ght up the ide,- .'and the English people responded .to it with a cordiality thait justified hids expectations. Important in itselfithisi friendly offering is thus doubly so, as one more link in the chain of events ihat binds together France &and England, and pzrnetuat - their alliance. --
TO THE BDITOB OF THE TZMES. Sir,-I am anxious to furisoh a piece of information to travellers on the continent, especially along the Rhine and in Switzerland, which, I believe, is not to be found in fu7rray, or any other handbook. NYot every one@s stomach is proof against ihe abominable decoction of sour grapes, which,under all sorts of hardl.nmes, is palmed off upon the inexperienced traveller in those countries, even though rendered less unpalatable by the addition of sugar and Seltzer water. Thousands would gladly exchange their thin RRhenish for a glass of light, wholesome beer, if they k,ew -where to get it; but, except at the principal watering-places, where, I suppose, the claims of invalids are more tenderly condiered, the landlords of most of the hoteLs along the Rhine, and throughout Switzerland, are anited in a firm conspiracyagainst malt liquor, exceptit be English porter or bitter ale, at 2f. a-bottle. Now, it may be useful to such persons to know that there is not a single town-scarcely even a village in the above-mentioned regions, in which exceUlent beer is not to be obtained-generally of the Bavarian quality -atrabouthaif the priceof ordinarybeerinEngland. The thirsty traveller, however, must hunt for it himsplf, or he will never discover its existence from anything ho sees at the hoteL I remember, on one occasion, dining at the principal hotel at Innsprack, when, after vainly dema-ndingamyfavourit ebeverage at the hands of the waiter, I rose from the table with the intentionof going into the town to buy it for myself, upon which it was very soon forthcomingi. However trivial this information y appear, aemember thata ii is nevern & mood dtoenjoy scenery when his stomach is out of order,-a calamity whichItrust this lettersill be the means, in some cases, of preventing -- I am Sir n nhnTlian r -- -A TRAVEUM
The Monilur of yesterday announces that by a decree dated 22d of July Marshl Peliaier has been nominated ul-e of Malalhoff. The Mo.iicur also pubisEhes an Tem risa decree, appointing M. KRouln, P oureur4txneral to the Imperial Court of Paris, to the post of Minister Secretary of State in the department of VPiibli Wor3hip, vacated by -the death of-31. Fortoul.-- Tir DuCirzssor 1S nr Scorna>.-Her iRoyal Hfhe. Ule Dwb,esm of Kent aduite arrive at .&ber: gndto Taesdayevening. Thearetber wa delightful, and the Country in th eneighbourhood neverlooked Litter, Tx AS.-Ta ]roo3~, -.A-ug.3.-The Worth American steamship sailed this afternoon for Montreal and Quebecwith 259 passengers the mails, and a air cago; mid about the same time the City of H Iihe*er steamsip, Jwitli h1 an took herAeparture Sir Rhf&dGjphia.j Oni S ntura so,xt the British andii ortk-Ameien m&a stemern hiagaR c ll, sail. forBodon. iedters and .pe eoeived'at the Lt L-iveipooeL -until 7.3ao a., with late 'fee at 8.3o A-In., fnd -af the landing-s'tao at 9.30a36.m -- OSnIM JS JxrC. W6oy. Ue Understnd thit, about ihe sae-o tim&tb t the -a6id owthe no! yoq held a. meeting4-to~Lzcit-cac -xtaue-to-: Sir EamsWet~e Jejeebhoy, a number of REn geatemen,7pccnocte 'with hourstern t empire,& tsi an ihomt ri* with the rerdent of thle Boardl-of Control, With a vio oj_fLf laying before Her Majst'sGovernnient'thei. high seanse of.the,merikeof 12ie2r ii-ght, and toexpress their hope thathe ould I notid alowea to descend, to te grave without somothing being donet giVe ea permauent r form to mvcI ta had 'ben sowortbfy _bestowed-:or hm somne years ago, aWhen his claimsL to them hadnotm been recdityanearl a' g t as tey, are at present. The deputation scorsidedo f Sir Ja6ifies -Matheson atofx,. K ., larmazi -oft the Oarisatntcr,PirCe oiipa.iySxr.AlexanderMLthe 3EP.,1EI? -Jomhu Abel Sofith, 3LP.,IXewM Malnolms of the house of Forbes,-Forber. -aid 'Co6., andR.- W. Crawford,% lhoinss c onnected- with Bom'bay; HrM-. Markle Pres Athe IndianeCivil Serjice, ana the presnt - Commisio er of scinae ;- -arx W.: Ilumeey, late Revenue, Comnmis.ionmW Bombay.; Alderman and ShaerifKenn'edv, 'who moved the addrweaor. to-ferring the fedom of the- city on 'Sir Ja.tje, xandMr. leipty Dakin, 'who, seconded it; Alderma Finni. , 3Mr. c offatt, MF., ad Mr. V ion Me surem, Advocate4weral of Bombay.- Upon'tis ocea1on a1tter.ws11pead from -the Hon. 'Cuwt-3tewart MhiAi sten, t- t patriare of Indian Statesmen S , e his st.not Iwbleto ofi tne deptafoiaiIzi re ) VALUAnrON ooCTLTDA)n--A return, obtained by, Mr. Eliott Lockhart, IF., shoWs that th to yaail of -the Sc gottishi counites, unider theo Valuation: At, is' 9%155;9712., and that o6f fhe- burghv 8.3,~5449621., making a xrand tota of 11j700,934r.~
.XMIaRTIO2i0 TO ro r. . I I i I i ! XMIGRA TI&E TO - THEI, CAPE~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. ,-I. TO THE EDiTOl OF THE, lE[.; . * Sir,-S masye fornas 2ihv been effected by your advo. ccy, ad so many efu m searri through Iy energy, that I cannot refrain fromn addrees'gEyou on Whalf ieimigrati.ou tothbe Cape. As. the eanet expositor of public opirion; your powerful -pen Will do much tiwards drawing SttentiontAe this importat ubject-important act onlyto-te colouiata, but to ihe mother country,'whicli groaNS beneath.the burden of heaiy cares a increasngre. spoasibilities, and, with limited means and confined spao hasa very large .nc cln orous family to provide for. The Cape has been less ptted by experimental philosophers; and less the obeect of 1faterialtendernems, Than any ether British dependency. There 'are owing to it long arrea of fostering oare ; it 'has silently borne witb neglect and oor. tumiely - and it looks for reuaoidttion at the hands of' a Government not insensible t-olita duties or the cries of renonaran:e.- Candaand Australia. have ere tl2is castoff tuieir swaehing clothes, and ceased Ithe puling wail of *m-a fncy. ' They have begun to act and think, for them selvee; Shall not'the Cape' of Good Hope zlsor meet wit; somne nursing and protection, and be supplied with. what will brnduce to-its health.abuddevelopment I. - I it makes one's heart bleed to sea tfhi swamis of paupers, the -troops of thieves, 'the masses of ignorance, and -the festering hillocks of corruption which in tiiz country aggregate side by side- with science and ca r,. meroe, -wealth and civilization. When one looks around and sees thevast crowcd thronging the streets of Londonwhen onoviews the struggles and privations of the 1lwer classes, the abject want and misery of the very poor, and the filthy kennels' occupied byoy dozs of human-beings, so wretened and so. patient in their saffering thatwe almost doubt whether they were ever born with feelings or knewzr the innocences and joys of childhood-one canot but wiish that the ties of home werea le"s strong, and tha6t-a hatred of their motherland wouldc rouse them to expatriation. Could they but shake off that myserious attachment to haunts and bovels where they have known nothing but wretchedness andi demorliSng influences, and exchange their caterpilar and criwling phase for the butterfly epoch of future succesE, prosperity, axed plernty how might not a great and glorious empire rise out of that southern estremity of Africa which now, languishes for a population, and carry forward into other climer the arts, learning, and ingenuity acquired in this ! How might we o1t, then, through their means, cea to regma colonies as places of baniishment-and the transportation of criminals, and view them, instead, in the aspect of fulcrums wherebr to lift intolight the surrounding barbarism, ignorance,ad superstition. and rear a pedesTal or monument whereon ia hang ourinluence, our greatnes3, oir improTemenuts,ad our might n3 a nation. Englanld i; at present, the victim, of over, competition. It is nearly chok-ed by its own energy, and wants au outlet for its superabundant industry. Regions more fertile and imore fruitful.thauthese; districtsteeming -with pientyandfmul of mineral tre3asres ; harbours aud bays swarming -witbh fish an a country having the finest climate in the world, _wait alike the coming of th6ose *wo have but to stoop to gather. Ai-these are there, but none'to utilize them. The harrest is great, but the labourers are Ee-r. 'The indoleat black, too well supplied as to his wants, ignores exertion and courtrepose. -The viracious Caffre thinks of nought but warandcattlezraids. The uncertain Hottentot is fit for nothing honest, aud is-the incarnation of egotism; while thesettlersighs for companionship,and is almostsavaga with prosperity because it increases his cares and gives hita moreworktodo. Thewant ofhite labouristheooloay's curse. I would beg lo suggest some method of supplying thutwant. The army of the East is-to suffer reduction, nd the Ml tira has been disbanded; consequently mnan goodfarm servants will return to their forner positions, certain of employmentfrom theirprevious -asters. Bat there wll he left a large body which will havo to be weeded of its younget and oldest constituents. Now, as' the colony, though it can pay for them, cannot furnish men forfrontier defences, I would recommnend the importation of stripligs'anainexperiened soldiers for the militaryvillages, in pre. ference to peasioners or worn-out tipplep. The former very soon get "handy " they are less wedded to old worldcustoms, and are less hampered writh domestic 'ties, than the seamed and scarred veterans saailly selected for emigration. This rawm aterialis valuable because it is plashc and will conform-with eae to the requirements of colonial life, its peculirities and necessities; and it 'will also ptitself to circumstauces, and truly, -n every sense of the. word, settle down in its adoptod home. If to these youth. ul defenders moderate grantg of land should be made, and they be plced -ider the control of deserving oflicers who shall be responsible. to the Civil Commnissioner of the district for their good oonduct and presence in the field when wanted, I have uot the slightest doubt that in five yeas they will have gained a tolerable independence, and secured the welfxre of their kndred as wlrl as the respect of their neighbours. In five years tiey will have unlearnede English habits, achewed spirituous etoesses. and becomO abstemious in everything but vigplance-if c., ihey will have changed into colonists. As regardi the claims of agriculture, mineralogy. and7 commerce, English, Scotch, ana. Gera yeomantry 'ith sober views sre best adapted for their service and develop- ment; and whenb it L consIderea Mar se averae popusa. tion -of the Cape of God Hopoe is six people to a squar mile some estimate may be formed of itsproductiveness by glancing at the exporb returns of wool last year, which show an immense increase over thwie of Years preceding The country, however, :ret requires roads to be opened up, breakwaters to be erected, and other public works to be; accomphlihed, ere it can amme its proper elevation. To thee purposes ii has usually applied the effortg of its own criminals, and thus rendiered them nseful to the St ote, not simply expensive The number of those condemnead to' penal seride is not large, as teemptationsto crime, are rare, aiad generall consit of manslaghiter; and there. forc, sqnce natire laboUr is uncertain and expenive, the exportation of EnMlsh oonvictg woi& be a greatboon. It may beurged thatIhe offer of EArl Grey rws sprneid with conteupt OZ the score obf mioral degradation, but it war olyr o on paper. it is Inarue it ptitions against their ad-. mimon e showeard on Kr. Alereky; but, far frombe(I ! spontranes a diuid di he toE signatue were attached by thratu, and tioghfeei of te iti-Conict Asiciiation,'V, 'a vrentointimidati3 o. Half the signatures wer ft sthe. rin would sciarelybeer cuLy , r - ' The cry o! " pollU6n-i-is hr5 d, because it eonfiisue ;crisniuas to bere.eiwae. -If. aept at ome tbey ares4bjectea to the samne tazmptauons befome w-bia kthy hae ;onoe falen; if sient to a colonyr they have a da#ies of livng' honeBtiy. and are depridaed' d the uM.l izueemis to that. -'If -properTzty-'be sDA-m AhT as it. j,;ewry;' or. }idercmi5e-~it ii easy to get iid of- it in Egan but -in af colony every obstace weUlbe t&wUnin tmCey of thl bugasrrak ii, for wi, *oaild reesiv it or anwafa 7 0o0nm6ent? In r4e t lke this whe the,'labour-marCet is oerkd, raton or twHei rosiy soetime the only it n a couiry i the populatEon is sprreid i t lit rred abt it would be eaier and more profitable to be hcneet an. eam a fair anount 'of *&ae thanuto skulk along roads or "garottc"traveLler. Of eefba thsre aMmanwho rom had iet to wc;rle, but they woill,doso "i.5- ay oirenv.' c*r d'itT is not fair to the re4o en s iach oaeislted cases I enwA9i thimotumr ofAinml have vot6d someithoumc o f of Xasda tig ad I hopethe-call will be es for re work to engage thousands of - mh'am for -yeeis tme Apologiz!ng for intrading en yrtft. I s0ta;e 2 1 hasve.. Am_ sour.u-- - '-e- i --L -;.,. -iW N ' 11 - , ' 2 1 ;. - , _. C g'',, I
- - INDIA. -(ou o20 OWN- cORxNowD S.) CALCUTTA, JvY 3. The attention of the public -has been ocupied almwt exclusively wvith social reforms. The ,bill ,or permitgn- the remage of Hindoo widows, ihotgh, not formally passed, maybe considered;safe; 6 Or~ Ppersons petitioned agaist it,s and 55,000 for it." When the bitter prejudices of the old iindoos against any. inovation -siminly as such-are re: mambered, these numbers are equivaIent to a' leclaration of opinioni in favour of the biL .. It la -been found necessary to limit the right of the adult widow over her owvn children, bat this, oncession' to prejudice imiatters little, It is the child-widow for whnoi we are. legislating. Adult widows will not often. avail themselves of the privilege. :Eindoo women 'wither so zapidly that thzy will scarcely be ioight for their money, and tha control of the husband is in this country so absolute that wealthy widows will probably prefer indep?endence. It is the child-widow whose husband dies before she enters his house who will benefit. In this country, between the tropical climate and a coGe of manners lam beyond what Europeanms can evei conceive, such widows are certain to go wrong. Hindoo fathers are wvell aware of the danger, and heavy dowries wil be given to overcome the lingering prejudice and secure the family permanantly from disace. ,lr. Grant hs just pledged himself 'to the extir)ation of a similar abuse. Sote centuries ago ullal Sen, then ruling in Beng6l, imported five Brahmins from the north to improve the standard of learning among his own priests. Their [descendants are the "K coln," or high-born Brahmins of Bengal. These men, partly to preserve their pedigrees, and partly to make money of their superior sanctity, hare introduced some monstrous customs into the country. They claim the privilege of dispensing with lindoo law as to affinity, which is siricter than that of Pome, and marry lirst cousins, nieces,and aunts. They also clainthe right of marrying as many wives as they please. No Brahmin can _euse a Kooln's ajliance. They therefore demand heavy dowries, and leave their wives upon the fathers' hands. They sometimes never even vsit t-hem, and the wretched women, married but widows, add one more to the thousand sources of native corruption. Strange to say, all this happens while the Roolins, their pride, etheir customs, and their character, are all alike detested by the community. The Legislative Council has been deluged rith petitions praying for the extirpation of the nuis&nce. It is to be at once abo' lished. According to the Friend of Izdiea, Mr. Grant intends to go still further, and strike at the custom of polygamy itself. This is regarded as a dang,erous experiment, but it is always difficult to ascertainth ie eal opinion of the native communlity. Rindoos in Bengal are not much addicted to- the practice. It is a fundamental larw of their creed that a man must have a son. Accordingly if the wife, up to the age of 20, prove barren-women are mothers here at 14-or if she bear only daughters, the husband must marry again. This privilege it is not proposed to abolsh. But some few marry tice even after sons have been born to. them. and it is this practice which it is proposed to abolish. It is not frequent, and is . considered, if not exactly disreputable, stil an indication that the husband is rather a "loose fish." My own opinion is that the law will excite a great degree of irritation, and is uncalled for. Should any such measure be passed, it wi be the first time bigany was over punished in Asia since the days of Lamech. A contest, not without warmth, has sprung up between the missionaries and the indigo planters. The former, powerful in numbers, in their minute Inowledge of the people, and in weight of character, recently passed at a general conference resolutions condemning the planters for oppression. Theplanters -declare that theyiare misrepresented, that the missionaries are prejuaiced agaiust them, and that the native Chrisians are the worst class of the community. Dozens of pamphlets have been published, all illustrativeof the social conditionof Bengal, and mo3tteHling heavily against the planters. Moderate men hold that both parties are guilty of exaggeration. On the one hand, the planters have undoubtedly effected much good for the country.. Tey have introduced capital and new cultivations, have restrainied the tyranny of the zemindars, and. have sometimes really enriched the peasantry. On the other hand, they will never recogani-e the fact that a ryot is not a labourer; but the owner of the soil. They therefore compel him to cultivate indigo, whether he will or mot, and the force thus exerted leads occasionally to _oppression. For themselves, they are like most nglishmen in tropical countries, generous, hospitable, and usually fair in their dealings, but with a genune contempt for the timid, shiftless race dmong whom they dwell, and a tendency to appeal to force on every occasion. The missionaries, again, though perfectly single-hearted in the matter, and Though the instances of oppression they quote arei strictly correct, labour under one disadvantage,.-. they are apt to believe all the statements of their convert3 without suffcient inquiry. In some instances, of course, the converts mean to tell the truth; in others they are simply endeavouring to excite sympathy for themselvesX in all they probably exaggerate,for, Ohristians or not, they are still Asiaties, and stl gifted with the wonderful power of invention characteristic of the race. The discussion has done much good. It has thrown ranch light on some dark places, and has increased the disposition of the public to inquire into the social condition of BRenga. It needs investigation. As I have before mentioned, the Lieutenant'Governor has recorded a minute on the artapegentm for securing justice and repressing zcrime. Like every one else, he considers them indefensible. The key to the entire system is the villaea or rural police. By a law older than lohamedan rule every cluster of 50 houses is bound to maintain a watchman, and pay him. The village system, however, is dead. The villages are not self-governed, and are, in fat, mere clusters of houses. The rights of the inhabitants are transferred to the zemindar, who appoints either a personal servant, or the cheapest and oldest beggar he can find. The consequence is that one-half the police are able-bodied criminals, and the other half feeble-bodied old men. It is an actual fact that a larger percentage of policemen are convicted of heinous crimes than ordiazymen of trivial ofences. The r police intended to supplythe deficiency ae Tretchedly paid, and therefore untrustworthy, while their non-commissioned oficers receive less than many domestic servants. The magistrates are too few to be of any use. The magistrate of the metropolitan district, for instance, has a jurisdiction larger than Yorkshire, over a countrv without a road. lastly, the criminl Law is so lax that it is not fenaed, and the judges soprudish in the matter of evidence that justice is "a lottery." These are almost the words employed by the LieutenantGovernor, and every man in Bengal is aware of their trth. There ia at this very moment a case in the papers in which a man murdered a woman by tearing the fetus from her, andhe received only even years imprisonment. Lest yoa should suspect me of exc_geration, I send the official record of the case. It is a beautiful specimen of -what Warren Bastings called the "'tenderness of our institutions." Mr. Ealliday proposes to remove these evils by enforcing the payment of the village police, increasing the strength of the regular police, improving the position of police officers, trebling the number of magis trates, and introducing juries. The latter inovation, once dreaded, is becoming popular. The Lieutenant-Governor has no power to begin these reforms at once. They involve an expense of aOo,OOOi. a-year, and mlust therefore be submitted to the Court of Directors. The Committee of the Calcutta IUniversity have xesolved that the titIes of degrees shall be the same oz those in England; so in a few year Joyo-opal Ghose, B.A., orEshurchnderChuckerbutty, b.A., 'will take their places among the l'erati of the world. They have also resolved togrant honours for history and a knowledae of physical science. Their recommiendations must be submitted to Governient, and I -will send al details when the rea ult is known. On the. .Sth inst. there was a great meeting in Calcutta in hoiiou- of Miss Nightingale, the Coimnnde-in-Cahief in the chair. The meetin' -was exceedingly well attended, and the speakei; expressed high admiration of the self-devotion exhibited by Mss Nightingale. The feeling is imi. versal throughout Ihdia. Not one native, I believe, attended the m2eeting. A terrible outbreskof cholera has occurred at Agra. which sruck down even the. Europeans. Unuafly we are so exempt from the mcourge that wa become culpably indifferent to the mot ordi- nary precautions. The water of- the Jumna ha -beI,ome .puzid., apparenly from -the discharge of gstnant rafter romi thea Juinn CanaL e natives appear -to be almost inane with rit They de.clare that a..myaterious horseman ia frin over the -:country, .anld:, where,ver' hisX horse'! hoofs stri,ke, there .the pestilence appears T,hey are -~tahuy: offeing up. .ilgures o.f Ithi. .demon rider inx the te,mples. .-: , . : .- Some officials-of the Punjab have recently called attention to a frightful practice- there .prevalent. Bands of lepers goxoahming: about, extorting contributions from the people by the threat of ibathing.in the wells. The contagious -character of this diseae in thb Punjab is, I fear, fully proved Major Lake- i5 buildinfg an as3ylum, arid assoon as it is compDlete Ster31 and summery measue - must be adopte for the suppression of thbis horror. ' - - - : ~ - BOlMBAY, Jtiy 10. ehe lateBstnews fromA-ffgianitais fully courfi. matory- of that which had reahedf us whet - la3t wrote in- regar'd.to-the occupationl of brat-by a Persian force, and the further complication afforded by its presence t o the already diflicult potiont of the Amieer at Candahst. Of the- proceediuigr of the Persian General-a renegade Ruian it i3 said-on enteiing the city we have no very defliita account. It appears probable that the inhabitants, taken by. suprise, deSrived of their own leaders, and awed by'the imposmg numbers of the- eemy and by thefaction of PnnceYnsuf, offered;-no opposition to the entry of the Shah's forces. It may have been hi pat ithe facility of the e6nquest which, if the astory be rue,induced the Pesian fleader to witihdraw hi men rfrom the townr, taking vwith him, however, still more-zurely to assure tIre perfect tranquillity, hostages, chosen fromthefamilies of 15 of.the priincipal chiefs. At this 3uncture, Fsa Ehan, the'leader of the Hferatees in their gallant though fruitless- attempt to repel the invading army, reappears on the scene. Prince Yuauf hears of him in Herat, thinks, doubtless with truth, that. he is there to animate the numerous but depressed national party, and forthwith, assisted by - one Hajee GholamEhan, concocts with a select party of friends a very promising scheme for his assmsination. The Hajee, whether acting in pursuance, or in independence of thegeneraiwish, attempted alone. the life of his brother chief te his own discomfiture. Esa Khan received the fire of -his pistol without effect, and immediately cut him down. Upon this, we. are told, the Persian General, to anticipate, or possibly to repress, a popular outbreak, re-entered the city in force,. seized and imprisoned Ema Ehan,J and trod out every spark of resistance..d Whether the Persians having thus, as would appear,. established a tolerably firm footirg on tlie' han frontier, are seriousy meditating a farther step in advance, must, I imagine, be considered very doubtful. PReports of forward movements already commenced are difficult of credence, if only on account of the numbers said to be employed, and of the extended nature of the aleged scaleo operations. More intelligible and credibe is the assurance that' the Shah has offered through his agents to supply the ex-chiefs of Candahar with a sum of money to be expended in internecine warfare with their relative Dost-Mahomed. But, it seems increasingly probable that the aspiring Armeer, oppressed by debt, disease, and aniosity foreign and domestic, will make hlis .peace with his brother, break up his camp at Candahar, and retire upon Cabul. The mnurderer of Shah S6ojah, that feeble puppet set up - by the English to rule the wild AD'ghan ribes, died lately at Cabul. Whether he was in other respects a- man of mark in the eyes of his people than as the slayer of a king I am not aware, but the attendance at his funeral of the Governor of Cabal and his coadjutor, Dost Mahomed's son, would appearto be the homage of the Baruckszye race, to the memory of one who removed from their path a scion of the Royal and rival family of the Suddozyes. All is quist in the Punjab and in upper India generally, but the increase of the cholera at and in the neighbourhood of Agra forms no insignificmt item in the intelligence of the fortnight. Among* the natives the cases known to and reported by the police have risen to about 100 a-day, of which an average of one-third prove fatal, but these returns are very imperfect, and are thought to underrate the mortity byno less-than one half. Many English also have fallen, especially in the rans of the Company's 3d European R_Ment, - whiose quarters have, consequently been-shifted tothe other side of the Junna. - In the gaol -the diseaseprovedsovirulent that the remaimingprisoners, upwards of 35000 (it is said) in nmaber, have been formed into encampments on the plain. On'the bearing of the two great bodie3 of the native inhabitants under this terrible scourge, a. correspondent of the Delhi Gazdet has the following - - "The Mahomedan temples are nightly thronged, and surrounded with worshippers crying aloud to the Almighty. The Hinaoos fall back upon superstitioa. Their talo is a curious one. One night latoly, about midanight, a horseman rode down to the opposite bank of the Jumna, and called to the ferryman to convoe him over. It was late, it was not worth the fee to take across a smgle m An with his horse. But being promised a large douceur, he agreed, and brought over horse and rider. The strger mounted, and, asking the way to the ne-t westwad village, rode in that direction. As he approached it hen it one of its villagers, and desired him to show the path westward. He refased, and would not be briwbd. Iu the morning this villager was dead of cholara, and his villae was immediately ravaged by the disease." The spread of the disorder to Delhi was appreprehended at the last dates, the continued drought being very unfavourable to health. It had already appeared at Muttra, and was reported to- have shown itself at Alighur. The disturbances in the district -of Ganjan, in the northern part of the Madras Presidoncy, appear to be, for the present, at least, at an end. Accordto the Madras papers, both the military and the civil authorities report favourably of the quietness: of the district. The i?siend of India, however, -in publishing au account of the or in and nature of the disturbances, is not sanguine as to the certainty and permanence of their suppression. Indeed, when we remember the very considerable amount - of trouble which the Santals, gave us last year, and -find that the circumstances of the present rising, if: such it may ba clled,. are not 'entirly dissimnila, it will occur to us that we nijis not too readily, from a single success, conclude 'that our work is accom-' plished. The seat of the late or. existing comrmotion is described as a hilly -tract of country, separated from the sea by a narrow belt of level land. Inhabitng this locality is a tribe of sup- posed aboriginal stock, bearing the name of Sourah,l a race of wild barbarians closely resembling in their haoits their neighbours, and. perhaps congeners, the Khonds, whose practice of human sacrifices theBritish Government has had so much difficulty to suppress. One of these Sourahs, presumably a leading man among them,- was awaiting in -a Government prison the confirmation of a, sentence passed upon him for robbery, when he contrived to make his escape. Flying to his own people, he spread far and wide the story of his wrongs, and m a very short space of time attacked the station wlhere he had been confined with no. less a body (though here we maysuspect exaggeration) than 10,000 men. His arch enemy, the manager of the station, escaped, but the death of seven of -the inferior officials gave some' consolation to his wounEded honour. The people'thus roused' into action, had, it appears, been previo-ily excited by the executionof two of their numberformurderingthe head man of the village. [forwastheolddevice,wlbich the Santal leaders employedwithsuch effect; forgotten. AsDecialmanifestationof thedivinitytookplace. On this occasion the avatar adopted the shape not, as with the Santals, of a cartwheel or -a shower of paper, but of a little brazen image. But the uses to which the trick is turned are the same as in the ease of the rebels of last year, -sanctifying. and rendering indisputa'le the authority of the leader in the eyes of his followers as the sole depository and exnonent of the divine commands. nderi these circuinstances, and taking further into consideration the extremely'difficult and'dangerous nature of the country in which these poor savag6i3 reside, it is not easy v., feel quite sure that All trouble is'over in that quarter. On the other hand, our best information on the 'subject is: hut scanty, and, at any: 'rate,: we have heard of no national grievance-of no feeling like that deep and burning sense of oppression at the hands of the money-lenders which is found-to have pervaded the Santel tiibes t yIar. The Madras Railway was opened as far as Arcot, a 'total distance of 65i miles, on the 28th of; June. After some inaugrating ceremonies at the Mdra-s Station, the train, whichwas a lonig oe and well fillUd, started for. Arcot,- which it reached in. three ho Then the party lunched and peechewere delivered. T!heplace wrhere the .company were Msembled eid th occasion wfhich had brought them together could scarcely fail to be suggesve o'f interestin contrasts between the pastan4 the pacwtof Rdi* -raidelce in.Tndia. .voe little more than a.canturyago.thelittle factor oftort Sf eorge wan offi a"feobsle and -irresolteS oPppotion to F=en0h AacQndanpy and the genius o Dupicix. But wiith the appearance of one man and thperformance of one uotable- deed, the tide turned in -favour. of Eingland never again to recede. Olive surpriwel Arcot, and succeeded in holdiug it. against overwhielning odds', the sepoys of hs ,little force vienIg in;courage .with the.-Europea and exhibiting under, the pressure of. famine a devotioin to their ellow-combatants whichi Mr. Ma§aulay pron'ounces ot to lose by comparison with the noblest aets recorded of the Tenth Legion of Caesar. . Lord Harris onthis occasion designated the spot oni' vwich, the company wan assembled as clasaic ground. "It wasthere," he said, ,"that Cive laid the foundation of that 'power which he afterwards zextWnded it' Plev-the basis of the British empire in;dia. NOwf the,y were asssmbIed to inaugu,rate a sybol of. peace- -therailway,: wfhickwotdd ltend to consolidate, 'that great power, and by its 3aighty'iffluence extend, the commerce of the country.". Very-atisfactry statements were madie sate itoie rapidity with which the line.had so far progressed,:..d asto the general 'expenditure, andnmuch in every-waywaspro esied, and witihapparent reason, fo'r the future. , From H-ydrabad, in the Dectan, we hear of a saziguinai5r affray taking place, almost literally. under the eyes of the Nizam, and affording another .'.and "very, convincing proof. of the impotence and injustice of his Governmnent. A Pathan, or AfEghan 'officer of rank, in the'service of the Nizaini applied in open Durbar for the paymnent of 'arrears due to' him, amounting, -as he alleged, to . a lac' andl n-half 'of rupees. The Court, however, cut dowa his claim^ -to'about-one-fifth, ana offerea lim -35,000: rLipees; This the Afglkgn declined to accpt ; an altercation I uonwhichthoe-tb -Aanb offeed ui 3,0.'ues ensued ad' hefwas ordered fromlthe presence. Accordingly, with his attendants, 14 in lumber, he wag.leaving the palace, whe he i as grosilyinsulted!by the comnmander of a partofAab Gnards. -He reseaZrd the afront with the readiness of his country' upon which the -Arab caled upon his men to fire, andtheAl ghan chief fell mortallyrwounddi. A oesperate conflict ensued till, overpowered by nud'bers, 'the chiePfs attendants were all slain or taken, not without much loss to.the Arabs. teI another part of the p iszasp 'sdominionf h e hear rumourse of Rohillas e gain laying villages under contribution. driven, notdoubt, to desperation by hopelessly long arrears of pay. The party,' on this occasion, was supposed to numberbetween a00 andt fee anD it was, of course, the Hluydrabad Contingent that was to have the unpleasant work of 'catceing' hemu. LFor this purpose, portions of the forces at twio stationscofdthe stin, as re lobe toyd naco-operuation with each other. The.long break in the mnonsoon here, ' of wrhichL I spoe mny last, and' wfhich wras productive of much' 'sickness, happily terminated a day or two after I wrote, and we soon had lanother couple of feet of rain, giving us in all upwfards of 40) inc'hes, with a monsoon not yet half over.' Thiroughot the ongun thob rain bas been'general, and thc rice is doing hell accordPngly, stnding as rice loves to do, nearlyup to its middle inwater. The thoughtsof yte Epghiuthan when first, in gnorance of its propensities, he sees the plant growing, recer insensibly to young wheat and undrained dry lands, aodhe feels an inclination to groan, but suppresses it on obserrhqig the bright fresh grecn full of health and vigour. Below the G'hauts, then, we are doing well, but above them s at hPoonah, for instance, sI ame sorry to hear that very}ittle rain indeed has yet fallen, though the river Saloeen, swelled by the heavy falls in the mcunteins, rollsby the town in t;antsliing fllness. As is always the case when the rain' thus holds off, the climate of the Dleccan is at present unfavourable. Lord Biphinatone, who was intending to 'go up to licapoorie for. a short. time to-morrow has, in conseqence been advised to postpone his departure. Here, too, thereehas been much sicknes' of late. One death that occurred lately from fever, that of Mr. Peniston, one of theaR.oman Catholic chaplains, has 'caused a deep 'and general feeleng of regret. This gentlemcan was educated, I1 beEeve. in the Eonglish College at iome, and Mr as for some years in 'the college at Malta before hiscomig.g,'to India. H:ere he was ehaplain in a part of the island where thera is always an Englihm giment ewationed the soldiers from which formed the greater part of his congregation. A man of re stired habits from poeition posaile rnatheredan foen "any natu ral' bins,- itpeati'roly"aoldomn'that we en.oyed tgace of hes presence at d the charm has tare accos plishments. But no one,'I think, ever knaw him slightly without' being won to bin,, or intixnatelywithoS loving him. And horw deep and'ruewasthe affection of thoste who knew e itn most intimately, those who were bound to him by tue ties of the sa oeelief, is to bem somle measure understood by such outward'tokens of their grief as they havepermwitted to appear. To the3Roman CathoEec co7mmuniity indeed, independent of the personal regard entertained for Mr. Peniston, I sulppose the magnitude of the lossof such anan to beCaltogethEer incapable of exaggeration. Those who are acwusinted wIth the condtion' oa l that church and of "its priests in western India wlel I thine, agree with me in thus iting of a man wgo was at once a sincere and earnesh minister, an accomplished gentleman and man of the world, fitted to be, as in fact he was, a bishop's .right hand. The sulbcription for the statue to Sir JanLsefgee3 Teejeebhoy is filling favoukably, and the committee are not without hopes' that it may reach ,0001. Thei'work is to be offered to Baron harochetti, who 'will require no doubt to be assisted, by numerous 'photographs of the old knight, takXen from diferent pointe of view. An oil pating of him taken in his younger days exists I belleve ina England, and there are some Parset merchants recently settled in London, from whom the ryon mauc get an idea of the peculiar headdress worn by ,their commeunty. The whird of the Parsee converts to Christiaity, who.e story I told you in my last, still remains ewith the missionaries, undisturbed, I believe, by his relatives. Les tnan 20 years ago a similar occurw rencefcreated such an uproar tht' a serious breach of the was apprehended. Now conversions are oless uncommon, and perhaps - the faith of the Parsees is weaker. Trade is somewhat slack as usual at this time of year, and freights are dull and heavy. The moneymarket is easy. The Bank of Bombay has declared 'a half-yearly. dividend of S ir cent. - COMfERCAL' NTELIGENsCE. Rzror os m STTE srPI TH Bo^13sxAiin ]lgruo0I THE -26'rn OP JuKC To THEI 9:rE OF JOLY. Thwe Eihg mail of the lOfh of 3une 'was received at Bombay, per the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Gangs, on the 5th inst. Our oneymaret durnng the fornight has become very much easier, and moene can be had -in the bazaar under bank rates, wrhich remain the same as quoted in our last. We have to'report a rise in securities of every descrip tion. During-the past 12 days we have had abundant and copious falls'of rain, and have measured 40 inches, or two-. thirds our average annv7stl,pply, with half the monsoon stilibefore us, and our' gicultural prospects, therefore,5 miy be considested most encouraging. - niporta.-Asuaua atthis seasonx of theyear,trdeis quiet,. but herrkotfcrimports is dun. Piece Goods.'-We-subjoin, as usa, a list of thetaransactios,s thiat have takea'place since ha report:- " Gra'y afiirtings, 40 in.ulp to 831bh; are in go&l daemands 45 in. iniddling are also in. good. demand; the higher. qualities are in. fair request, wfiule the lowrer ones are dull.. .'Gray'niadapoLlbis are in very fair inquiiry. . :' ,G(ray jaconots are in anoderate demand." *'''' Gm'-l6h ofill descrxiptions are scarce, 'and are in Yery gooco eman i .'. "Gray lo'egeloths of al descriptions are dull of saie Gray domestics are in ti nqghrm 'Bleached shirtsing,s of mi&ddbn H y are in fair inquiy, "while the higher are dull and diaicult of sale. 'Bleached,Taconois.- eb higher -qalities re in no 'in quiry, *hik6 low and middling are ilightly,sought after. ~Bleached Tw~il&-The lower and hihe qalities are dull, but for middling there is a fair inqur, s is likewise for the same: description of ladapollazns, the Iighe* sualities being dulof rle. T R cazbnie admunls M r in ,anquir,' but twills are dull. 'ncy;Goods-Forthelower.qualities of -nearly all deXcriptionsthere is afair inquiry; the higher qualitiesof ,bleaclhed ml,, book miulin, and dyed:. mulls arn dull Bleached satin spots and tripes are in fair inquiry. * Cotton Yarn.-No sales have takenpai e last reot, owing to, tho firmnaesa evinced *enerealyy holdes hi -dealer are not inclined to give higher price s Metas.-English -bar iron hoops and sheets, nail rod,square andround, are duA andhave declined, Swedishbars steel in tubs and f aots'p i' 'nasheet lead, spelter, anii tin plates ae all good Cdeand. Copper of all deacrip 'tions is sought afe,pie,hwvr eann t lNAs quotationsi exce s}eatbig whch ba"aaced and ni, which declinedalittle. AsappyofSot 'AmiHcaoopper' ow-in the ina*kt Is in vesy goos de- zd. led and whit leada is easil t ff. laine Store.-CanTvaa of superior ouality ulin dman.rd bX au sULS meare dull of SAl,'u An ]iCeMIs cor°xge, asew and&paints; oil of.linsead andMturpentinew.ar c-put od owing to Late heavy inpotioina. - - -:r ;Beer is also dull, only ajew sales .havinlg bee made s;nee iou -w,.u. - Ing and flannels of. ali deasriptions are, as Dafl a. thi 'eaon. of the year, dull, and no sales' here been. Cott6:n Wool-:Tho tran Rsacinsb the forkight are 'en rather a -ore limited scale ; tho -upward, coume of pricexs and tho character of the article h^bg mnatenailv cbanged for the worse as regards colour and general appnoaoe hare tended. to chec1, the activty notioea as rerailing at our last; and the bhsiness report&dis only 7,000 bles or there-' abouts, on-European account. Broach and Surat, 106r.- ; Dhollera,1041.; Oomrawutee, lQ3rs. For China there D rather more don th&n of late, the drop in rates of freight ~therebeing the inducenent t~offip, but the extent .of busi.~ ness going forward is on a small-scale. Sheep's wool since the arrival of the niallhashernindunnd; and both rarwar and MeBma have advanced- repper.-Stocks both of Malabar and Bhutcole arexmode. rate, and are in good demand princs also having advanoed. ,Oilseeds.--Lfiseed is ina demand at 4ri, and so is ape fEr which we quote for Scinde'3.rs. to 3irs., and forGuzerat 4i-. Stooks: are moderate.. 1'ger. is in demaud, but-there is no changein prices. Teel is scarce, and prices haTe advanced, bein ia active dernd. ,Opium.--.We now'qu6to for Malira L090rs.. to 1,10rs. perchest, anda good busmness has been done at these prices. - Freights 5hve.declined, ande onlynow quot to London and Lverpool 2g.. 7r.z to 21.- l5h.. nd to China rs. per. candvy. . . The rate for this mzail opened with sales of local credits at 23. 3d.,, and 'on arrival of- the China mail bills thence sold a the same z^ure.- Afterwrds bill bocame dearer, but the rate has since rallied, and we no,quotet 2s-, ld. 5-16ths to 2s. lI. for local credis and docuents, and2s. I1d. for bank nominal, - :'China, 60 days' s4ght, 224rs. aCalcutta, 60 days' siht, 99irs. 3iadras, 30 days' sight,-99r.1
SLA.THTER HOUSES. TO THE ED:[EOR OF THE TIMES. Sir-Itisbutduetothe1e~e odyoftradesmen who o raughbterbh:s thatntheyh s;houbl°d ybeinformed of certinlegUalenachltmentswhich ienow tomeitoforce,viyetlartn cuon agda xFte the 1st of Dehlicember tink fte prsenar ow place Withen 3et metropolitan police ditritecep e New Mrket canbe Lahwfully used aaaahz :os without l ha for that prpose sot aste ceding falichae mQuarter Sessions of the I'ea tior th county, liberty, or division in wLich such pei stu such license tobe cubained wvithou h amn ofanyfee; and if any person use as aslutehoean place w4ithin tho district aforesaid, which intfrtetm bingrlee e, ever Penrso so offondin~ ~bal1 for each offence be liable to a penalty not exceedaing 51--(Metro. politan Market Act, August, 1851, section,30.) It is also yrovidedby the M~etropoUitanLocal. ManagementAct, setion £31, that, before any such license be granted, one mionth's peiunoIceo thav inenton to b pplyoe scvlces am le igntorathevsr or ditri ctl oadofesars ords witi whcha such laceni noitaee ohitetta causey agraicnsthe grant bf sucivene. The medcal ofIces halthir hveou in mo stdientI ces A. B. A&ug. 1.;.
T NEw PA rssimT or NTw Souru W LES. -About 90 gentlemen wil meet together on the 23dof May, in the novel corporate capacity of the first Parliament of New South Wales. They have been chosen oat of the rest of the cem inity, parly by popular suffrage, partly by Royal nomination. 'The special purpose of their union is to mak-a laws.. The guiding prindpleo which thev are to follow in mmakng these laws-the polar star which they are always to keep in view-is " the good of the con. try." Tum to the reports of thespeeches of candidates and in all of them, under different guse and in vryig prse this same sentimenat will be avowed. Theyhave sought legisative position, not from vanity or ambition, not from interested motives-certainly not from a desire to do mischief-but with the svowed object of rendering tha Stste. some ervice. The nominated senators, thonghthey maynot have publicly avowed the same purity and singleness of purpose, naveviituallybrought themselvesutnderthosanieobliga tion. Iegislative influence was offered to them o'nthe imp led condition that it was to be ued as a sacred pub trut and their acceptance of it was a virtual recognition of the agreement. Each one of-the 90,before givinghiavote or voice for or against any particular measure,- idll consider, ther-efore, how it stands related to the public good, and wil throw the weight of his influence on the.one aidle or the other accordingly; .not to secure personal advantageno to put or k-eeps nends in power, t to o b aindstinction, not to curry favour wIh thegr, not t win a pas ing popularity with -the mob, not 't kee,p well with his constituency, not from spite, nbt even with indifference-no, butbecause,in his honest judgment he believes it to be best for the country. 'Sh-are thel Principles on 'hich theY eya going tolegslate-atleast suhisthe theory and farbe itfromus to assert that'it wi not be reis zeoin pamctic. What maly iaot 90 sh& men ahisheve, a possessig c iont and idontity oDf purpose, adcombining inv th aggFrepte all themrequsites of muclaheidedness, gooa sense,acqu,ddnthaoe with politia plosothy,tand knowlede of affairs? " What queston is there likeSs to tudrnmup tet they'wuld'not'aatlsfiatorily deal with? What is to prevent such expectations fro' be realized" The capabilites of the men beint imr owu,nth laei,,Rr ba -dig n rjorieXtd non,nd heir , principle being cearly avowed, what is there to eXand il the wayof. the obvious regults? The're is one danger visible, in the horizon, all themore fatal barusoe 'by nany it is more likeldn to be -courted than hunned, and, that is the dangoer of pntey spirit., Have novr new Parliameritarylegisators who are coming totheir work with clean hands and. unsophisticatea upoe consdered whither the machine. of responsible' U =ivniet whic thyaxcaed going to work will lead themn? Rive they at all 6alesulate othe allowance that: must xe' made for the power of that party-spirit whiehwill be' its certan adjunct ;-for the deflections -which this new forceewill create in the line of their original purpose? .Have they' settled with Ithemnselves howmiuch iitobe'iitiIrb 'conee in ti direction, anid determined -what are the Ihniutsea which t-he will' stop; or are they leavmnE this delicate quwtion of polhtie morality to be settled herafter as occAsion may reFqr3m and when a severe calmne of judgment may be biased bythbe heat of debate or the urgent solicitations of friends? A strong, even a hitter jarty 'spirit, ha saooinpanied thxe development of res_ponsible Goveirnment in the raother country. The:.swme phenocmenona A'nly, 2eaPPW iLn New South WIese, robablyJwilL-S$Y'd,wforasn gu erdICL *BALseORAz.-T'he new alc is' neary finished, an -pr~ssen 'a ver pcueueaerno-The grounds abees thecaste ar fneylaild out Anid the gardens are as
THEX FArAL COLLIERY -IPLosjo1y Boug , t if , ,,- * s I- - t;. . ;, -: I *~~~~- <, 2-V OTY?RIDD, AuG.1. 2Te i nto the causes of i fat - The-interest felt Ihroukiout tihe whole district in the ives bgt onms manibazemr}ble aimer yetrdac. I(ncoonxge of ilwbeiD6 gkmet-dy, ffeirwpeo de, to, tiei owin in: very lazge numbers,. and trage the whole of the da,r,-until the a7djour~mneits7in -the ei the ysar ini whih the inquiry is held was tisroned wt dezse crowd. T-hmbeia of rpe6pewr as ogrgt,i rholetg Lofha th tet, who ~anxiously introaeaybdwo d succeeded in effecting an entranceit h hd On tbe resi sembling of th jury yesterda ftenoon, Xr. Gray was recalled, and sttd inanwe r to quesin frcmn the coroier and tle jury, tat he -had alIways looked Mpon Mr. Jabez,Thomas athe Mineral age=t of vie colliery. .Rowland CRowlandi never interfere& wiuti bin bat ifany alterations'n the worke ewerereu doe,d lowlands report;ed theni to-h* mode t= qu ,h rlm r the question. -Witness was n ineraget at the iaedtog Colldery and th -theo nderground;ork. ins,Bnt tha w Thoas no the caer when lie Wa at CyaImer.a Vross-examined -by Mr. Owen---Whien Inieft7 o Anedt existence of gas v tle air lowlandswas set for into-the offyte, and he said that the airwas asnal. -r. Thp mag tiquired *hether the air wab blowintg the candle, the reh y Was " Yes," upon whica Iaaidit was not somuchthe quantity of heair ash.tsimurit' 6f whichhhe:comlaine. Ihad been a Mining engineer for&and thouglht that theymonot enough abi down,hut I did not tlUkth70nWreAs any dagrof its -t alnfire. I thouigltit wasnbtpure enouh for the rualth of the omen; and Iwould have altered itif I hid had the undergrouna managnent of the nir e at that time.m-h-- By Mr.l'Mahon.-I never Tisited the undlerground works except ox-n easuring days, on whicx -dya the mnen usedd mare guzwezha riay, which had a tenden!cy to endr he u~fouler. . If the 3rine were properly Tentilate the safety* of the- menx would not depend somsuch fepond the vEists fthe firemen-t. the stalls, but tiey would be safer fortet6irinOspection. In iy opinionit would inot have taken. miore than a fortnight or three weeks to effect the communnication between the two pits. ~~ At the coochlision of his evidence; this witness was comePlimeutedbly the coron-er- and . anc jry-for the straightforward manner in which it haid been given. Mr. lidwara Hay, the mineral and underground agent of the colier from,1854 till Februr,15,sae hti a his duty that the orders of the Manager were proerly carried out, submitting any alteiaa tions that he conceived meoesssry~ to the managr for his approval. He had never m3easured- the quantity of air passing through the mine, bumt thought it was from 15,000 to 20.000 feet a min,ute. 'Unont one occadion, only. he had complalned of the3 ventilation, which was in October last. - On -that occasion. -Morgan Richards, one of the firemen, stated in the office that there Was ga in John Cienaivr's. stall, in thTe district of Xorgan Rowlands, the other firemxrn. He thent visited the mine for the purpose of testing the accuracy of the statemnent, but found no gas, except-insa hlblow place where the roof had falen in. There was not much fir-damp there. He might hav consumed it in a few minutes in s.lap but, as it, was high up and there was no thoroughfare, he7let it remain where it was. In his opinionuthere was no dangerinieavin it. TXhe works isd-considerahlyincreasedlsince he hadlef tho pit.- Rowland Rowlands was overmuan during the latter ~period of witness's agency, mut Jabez Thonms had the sole managemnentof tbeworks. By the jury.-lr. ThoznU never o'bjected to any alteration orimprovement which I suggested wheni it was properly represented. to him, hut there was no occasion on. whichhe gTav me authority to employ as many men as I lied -int maldng particularinmprovem6nts. IL sould not have hesi- tated to Make aLny alteration for which there was urgent necessity, hut, if I hiad an opportunity of seeing Mir. Jainer T-homas next day,- I should not do it, except it wAs absolutely necessary to be done insitantly. By the Coroner.-An inquest was held in Sept3mber last on a Man killedl by an explosion at the new pit. ]ft *hackworth was there, Aa-miade an observation to me that the old kit was badly ventilated abou-t the levEl 'heading, but I pointed out to hima some important alterations that had been made which had improved that ventilation subsequent to Mfr. Mackworth's inspection. - By Mr. Mackworth.-You desird mec to take a mnemorandom of the act of Parliament referring to the inspection of mines. which I did, and afterwards that act, was procured. I remember your mnaking 'some suggestions to me for the improvement of the ventilation; one of which was that. the communication shouald be Made with the new p it. You strongly recommended that, and it maade considerable impression on my miind. I know also that yout were of opinion that there shoulcl be different - splits4of nir instead of one current going. up) the headings, - but I cannot, tell how many splits you. recommended. lonununicated to Mr. Jabez Thomas that you. said it Was neemsaLry to have ,s.rcial roles in the old pit, and some :other suggestions which -you maade. I have heard the - noise of gas- coming from the coal. Blowers (small jets of gas) comeo froma the bottom rsther thxanfroma the top. It has, been" reported to mne that occasionally some of the doors have bee6n left open, hut not the main doors.3.I immediately, examinedthe mine after the report of one of the firemen that there was firedamp in John Cemawr'~-headirg, but fou'nd very. littlegs there, and none issuin froma beltowIle-vain. The air current -which ventilted the. min pa=e thirough, all the old workings and waso through Jobn mCienswz-headin, nits return to the uicgoaNUh~-1.- Cros-examined'by hir. Owiui-1 haYe -examined the minue since the explosion.- Thiei verntilation6 a-p-peared A6 he about as good sas wben I was there, notwithsta-ndiing that the workCs have been so miuch extended.- When -the existence of fir. Iin Czemawr's--6Ading, wasuallegsd. by Richards, lowlanils accompanied ziae. to t'he spbt'; re-- ferred to. Ho denied* the -existence--of fire, and-aiziiht thereupon ensued -between the tWO men.n. Riobards chargedlowlA.uds with,- having removed some rubbish in order to ventilate, the stall before 1 miade mny inspection. I was not discharged for inter-fering too much in the -underIground Management, but diskharged myself-th&t is I Iresigned. You may draw your oDwn eTonclusions as to the cause. Probably I might havea seen something looming in the fut;are.~ I do rot kniow that since the explosion Richards has descended the pit and dizco-vered the very fire-damp, by tapping the heading, which he menutionedl to mne nine monthsg aDo. By the Coroner.-I Think that with care the downcast shaft is sufficiently large to supply air to the pi notwithstanding the increase of the worls. In my opinion the explosion occurred through a deficiency of-the air in the whole of the works. I cannot tell exactly where it originated, but the strongest indications of fire were at the bottom of Griffith Williams's cross-heading (the very futhest eXtremity of the mine). After coming: down The cromheading it went in different directions a short distance p Salathiel's and the level heading, and down to iforgan Griffith's dip. I also traced the effects of the fire down the wiadway, and along the lerel to Jacob's heading, where a door appears to have been blown away. T did not go far into Jacob's heading beciuse I met gas. The doors of Moses' and Charles's headings were also blown out. The inquest was adjourned at 7 o'clockThis morning the Court assembled- at 10 o'clock, but, before any witnesses were examined, Mr. Owen, representing the great inconvenience and loss occasioned to numerous persons wLhom he represented, and who wero quite read to be exunined, applied to the Coro.- ner that they should be examined as speedily as possible. Mr. Huddleston did not object to the exafnin&tion of such witnesss, but thought that the questions should come through the Coroner alone. lr. Ponlden, the Government assessor, said that, at all eventg, Mr. O wen should be-alowed to suggest his questions to the coroner. - Rowland Rowlands,who had been examined previously to the adjournment, in order to iaentify the bodies and the pses where they vwere obind, was now recalled, and examiined on the general conduct of the. undergrounrd -por-- tion of the olliery. The duties of theiirmenne were to go down the pit every morning before the colliers descended, and examine all the headings and stallskr. -which 3men Ladto wrork, in order to discover hether any fire-damp had aSCumulated in them. Those firemen .pnerally descended from 3 eclockto half-past in the mornmng, and after they, came out and reported that aliwas right the colliers were allowed to desoend, but not before., Daring the day it vws the duty of -the firemen -to examine the -air-ways. If during their examination- early in -the morning they discovered any gas in the stalls, they were to pnt cross timbers as-asignal that therewlasd dagr,andio prevent-the entrace, of the eoliers. After deacriain d the s vfety-sthnae nsed, *5 |mentioned in the evidence of Mxt g na stausein tht the colliers were perfectly aware of their nature, the 'witness stated that the fireman changed their districta every Several of the jurymen here complained that they could not understand the witness so well in theE;nglsh as in the Welsh language, in consequence of -which some portions' of the evidence -were given inr bth. - r I xamination resumed.-There were three districts, GriffithWilliamss-heading was inthe second. Onthemorningof theexplosionit -wasJones'sturnto examineThst. There were no lives lost in the first distrit; Rowiand insoebted the third, -which ineluded ClarlIes. and:. JwCOb's heZdings, in which several bodies were found. I saw Morgan Lowland attthe top of the pit eirly that snorning,andhad a :on-- versation with him I asked hinr5 how the mine -sth mornng, andhe replied, as William binas, the previou firemen, -whom .1 1had 'aiked -that day' hid, -hat it s all right. Did- not see or speak to David Jones, J6e oihWs, firemn,r thAIt- moi. - it *as the crsto fo=-Mo-x Rowland more partcarly to malke, the xaport to me, btn before doing -96 they -rsed"to nieet togetber at the bottora of the pit -when the other two firemen ieported the i;fiof: their districts to him; bet if I happened to see-either-of the others,-l should sak him also. - - - The Corcner.-Do you mean to asy-tht you only-trmtedto onse? Te- witness, not being able toxre himsef Egli spokeinWelshtothejurymen], aildisanawer beingtrimsna athAb was:-"The one got thesindas of th-tihre~tc the bottom, and reported to i T body of The.1I Thomas 'was founll in the upper-ittll. o the ira* By the Jury.-Morgan Icwland wsz:zominated ias responsible parti to report to'me. He cmetone-ev nnorninig but ifi ijet either of the others I asked hiiialso. I know tgatit waasRo'wlads d'auty to doXo, and tha hiewa aware of it. Ilew'ellya Thomiawas a door-boy, and appeLas to-have been going intoDavidMorga's stel in the staimgbt heading.- Morganhadgone awaytho Saturday2before.! -I don't know what Ilewellyn Thomas WAs going to the all for. He hor-*o working toolswith him. 'I wasinWpit edabefore the acident, sd nt into Chrie heedir thm 1"elelh ding,and in the direetion d GrilEt Willias .heading; but 1 dia not go to the face (the'actiml extremity of themine). I sawno gasin the iniethe 'in point of-fact I neer saw any except on dne'ocno, wi wa soonetime befor Xr lay left. -The snen- wre dri&mjij on tie l*vel heding, in the' dire*tionod Ct hin;-jv beading. --I wa peming thru ith acm.h cOlli.a aD01 ' the top oEi Yorn-Grlth'a-headinjTers was abs,gd,in t~i rooF. One of the wrorkmen strwckitwithb;h:si ia@,'s an stcamitflfreda pproeednfromasmllrid erUoytii a Ce a-hI-ling tadtit : y-wheua toeg WAr dflvL eaj I eAdk*ing ~ Z;' bett 1hii *Iidingi th-e - to umtdyfj., ra ss nw told me tha there was any gas IC = aX g or ilt WalthiePsahoadinig difote the saecidet, ao did any csela _'We -hav i e -1a h i-at eoleII asinoethera. SoimeRies -faecpee from thiem:. * soundisi&in froit - the -coal ; it isg -wha. ttw nen. call Imusic, but 'the current of aixr in w tte eetedit from accumulating. There are ar gb manry small faults there. - WA alwy ythe gas wi alamP notwitha.naked cAndle. I ined taeold wrn reuallyesioe -reek or:nors. Iit asfnas - to eothrolh th a;nd I also used to goot.toree-re t- - n#es.uid by Mr. Owen.--When I wrentdto thaI wok rt Rowlalnd Thomas lowlands was 6overmn >At-tiha timewI as. cllier. Mora ichars wr ramassome time ego, and compaimed of ire n one of the head--o inos e dld not-learve-becas there as a dipute wi regard to the fire, but bause hi - mot clearei afanll ia .John COaniwreS-headin. I remnember some cneaingt thetimeM orazn Michard' w out-there was* ad rXoi- the old-works ner John fOerorrasgeadit I it= ,-nth aiorgin and Johs n Grifith to leoka for the . o.,I found-some gas there.- This ws .thSesune place where theS tire wa i hen Mi . th y after-aoditce ent do. Waye did Wot CiS.? the ga before he awent im- e built * wall in the o 'motu ofthe stalltin whih gmthe tire halo Itw fortw uzpors-ta prevent collierg from oing there ead to tulrnt the aiinw ylost e -aiawdyThe ga no b igt.diit tot dobeo, and it was i the e conditio wohen inr. wysent down-, tAibefore. -There had meenaftllintheroof, whichA caised the dionuoe as e, the hollowm cfith fin heetemw-est and sevem or eight yarda Ieig. 1.IWPaBC=JRd i«d yself quarrelled about his refusl to cleatout'; the 'winwy-ibea. Ic said 1 had no 3ighb to 'order.-. him, as he ;had :tne control of the 'windwas. I:tihen told him to see MFr. Thomas inpon the matter. Tkati gave rieto the dispnte,and inthecnuraeofjt.thefire.in .John (Oemawrs-headn wa incidentally muentioned. I 4dii; Mot wish to keep it secret, or Ishbould not have, employed the firemen: to p t oslL Idon'! know whether Mor. 2 gan Richards bag been down the pit sincethe exploion., Mr. Owen Proceeded to .examine the -witness o. severalother points, when he displayed eome iritation. of _mner, audexolaimel against Mr. Owen's listening to allke alr e. or " cliclcs" of the men agis an overman. If a dor. ha been oper. in the7windway from 3 to 7 o'cdock in tinmn-.^ ngsmething might havelnsppened. -- - he proceedings ;vere adjournd 3t half-past 1 o'clock for __L an hour. :_, : .. ;-;
CANADA. LiVMI0OOT4 THuRsmAy. AUG. 14 Tke Quebec and friontreal Royal mail screw - steamer Canadian, Captain Ballantine, hau arrived - with advices from Quebec to the 2d inst. She had.,.- on board 95 passengers, among honu. was the Rev. - Thomas Malrsh, B.A., of Trinity College, Toronto, who was accidentally poioned during- the -vyVag under circumstances detailed below. E On the 5th inst. the Canadian, off the Straits .of - elleisle, passed several icebergs, and on the xth, - lit. 53, Iong. ¢l, passad the Royal iail- steamer Anglo-Sai-xn, hence for Quebec. The British ndNorth American Royal raail steamship -Arabia, lhence, at Boston on the 35th 7it. Captain Mlayo. of the schooner Pomp, at Paister Cove, Strait o f Canso, on Monday,. the 28th of,July, reports that duringr a terrific gale on :the 1st-i ult. 31 fishing- vessels, EBritish and American, werer [wrecked within -a distance- of a'Dout half-a mile orr t the coast of Iabrad6r. The crewas, nunimbring360 rmen, were all saved. - We see it stated that the Secretary of the United Stata Navy has recently iinposed finer upon the Collins line to the extent of #30,000. for failures of f time, under -their contract, owing to the employment of the Ericsson as a sabstitute for the Arctic. The exaction of this penalty has led to some sharp There islnothing new in connexion with commer. cial affairs. The Rev. Thomas Marh B.A., one of the passengers, died on Tuesday, and onthe'a;rrival of the steaner tc-day an inquest was held upon The body before tie'boroughcoroner. Itappeafafromastatement madeobythe deceased before he died tliat on Saturday lat, a -little 'before 8 o?clock in theinoning, he asked George HArrison, the bedroomn steward, if ihere was, any' Plantaganet water on board, Plantaganet water being a mineral water generally drunk in Canada. A negative reply w, given, wheii the deceasedinquired ifthere was any mineral wiater -on board.. The fteward 'aiswered, "0 O yes,..: I will go and gea n some.". e went -awar and returned:witha bo'l tain: abouit a qxuirtof - luid, whichbe handeadto the - M!. Marlh; ana imm eithdreet.yMl.: awiallowedamoithful of.the liqid. .He found tha ithbunt bis throat very.muc, anld weniit upstais He presently, became iery.ill, -ad the murVeon, Wr. .-Wlhittenbury, was :called to him.- Inqures were ixiit'ituted, ana it,M-as 'ned ffiatt liquid of hadh d'runk wad chloride of zin; uedf disinfecting purposes. The-usual redies were administered, but the deceasrdgiadually a and, after enduring the greatest agony, died on Tuesday night. Before his death the decease expressed a belief that Harrison did not know the dealy natur of the lquid. .The steward's statment isat Mr. a ish first asked for Plantagenet water' and. that he told- him there was none on bioard. !re then inquired for some mineral water,.. -and the stewa informed hin that there was some disinfecting' fluid called chloride of lime, or chloride of zinc,'and that the deceased told him to bring it to him. The deceased's widow, who -was on board, corroboraes, however, the evi-. dence as to the statement made by the deceased, and further observes that chloride of-lime coulnot have been mentioned, as he was in.the habit of using it in Canada for disinfecting purposes. -A verdict was returned " that the deceased died from the -effects of a cerFain poionous fuid taken by mistake."
I2 lB~~~~~~~.-t-.-' - - -FR Nt O. : : - (FiOX cx OU o0v: -O - O- .. t- I. p[t3!on o! t7he foLloW3'n sd¢ .d uli Of .k ._1 ,, : I \ - n .. . - - ~~- ?A2u9S WDxx8nY -Ps. Th the dearth of politicl inews and the present uidifference of the public tb politicd topics the Paris papenrwhwe not been sony to occupy their column3s, to.day and yesterdays with details of 41i aunual Onmrsa ad distributonof prizes at the Lyceumi an:d Coflegee of Paris. To-day, however, romg, of tem find spico6. other matters, and. among theFse, di M&at.T has: a-aarticle on the changa in thz .peswerteZ of the Spanish KmVamsy; i which,.hil di,ing ample justiefo the miIit3ny cjualitiea oEaz.i shal Serao,-it adniitn thiat he hias pretensiqns to the cLsiarac.er of 3 atates:iii or hiplomatist,.a tha in poati the vey diniortt and 'delict0 fmriodi ofAibasadorfrini Spai 6thi C3Oi,x hah aCcrepteQ 'a tak :which-he -wil} -fisid anldi tore diffloult on account of the ,rpa eat so eu riIith Which h is , dne eshor k e fnfilled itn g - . o eDebat.ays,-. :'~ -~S~ -~ 2"M. Olortga knew howi fo t mk t imsle t Powrie acorp am th DiplomitiandCorps, biid, if hie' did not triumph codn1 plTeli .ortr certhin prejdiCEs isired by his origin and: opinics>, e ait easdt su-yeeded in bia f imanecIf listened .- e !M3t Ole a very dtaid pactisandofthe revIi'ti c' ISM, nlever fil6; snceded ininspiring the French citabst with suicient cusfidentie ini the Goverrneiet he rep,-ted to deterimnle tEemi to create owerfcl oinpiuies cf credit and- ox publ worhe;' l~r icl -will otof.bevloAgjin gisiu Span quite a new ioipi,Le,i&nd in deYcloping her. crcsperity. This inotement should n°t be. awllow,ed to :siclen, ald it wrould be resy Giev u(fil2cieux) !r hiarshalE~errn to obtain xies than his active and nEatijr¢ *deesisor.">:- :. '-.. . ::. ,.>! sionthre cis an actiYe division of cavalry of fourimer.*-: ner the commard of General, de Goyen ;The 2nxatri stll heanr ,the Arm,`y, o the 2trth, ndodei M hA Braguaj M 'wicliers, but which-has been dissolved :withEbt *he Lst few dayw -There ar -aso- the two divisions recently ssnt fro6i Pris and Lyons to thc Spaish frontir but the t re* e tahq in thc iczst imply their pedy dizA*ion There will only remal: eight: active divisions of ibmt-y,a,nd cavalry. . In these activa divisions are n:ot incnleddt-'i trbo'ps of tha Girdjfoingtwoadivedivisions of inf-hi and oe of. cavaly, s in ?ivis and its neighbod. hood1 anda3tetzandNauncy. - , . I letter from Berlin relajf*the following intereiqt jing-anecdote.__ ' - l"Afowdaya agon3 Seold m , a p nt'sccstine but decoraed with se,vcral orders d cr W, s seen te ;asend the flightoftp-cdn,eteteo thPc of Sans-Soeud. .A entinel postedtberuasppd bf, inforzn: tin,glii that he could not be aUowed t- go ffher, 'as;thiel' -lace was inhabited by the Empress 'YRibssja ',Why, tia' the very reason -whyImust go on," Yeplied tEr+teran, stzdilv. An alternaton ensued, which winterrztdsby,the rrival of Coloiel Cmunt-V Alvensleben) z te tne Empress, w}prasked what WAas the w r. te o14. ,man replied that ho }Zd :a-d nine Qerman milei -se) tthe.Bmpress before Iiigdeat!,-he having sd heriiher ydnth from awatery g2ae,.Onikaningthia, thetou adeb fn Ywait, and, having issomed Vhbe linpress et thie oecsrenee. was ordered- t in i The n p;oached the Empjevs. with a.lir5a* step, an2 then; exclimed-' I reccagnize, .ier llU, tloug} she is, Munnb changed.' He. then renindbd ter lMajesty of an- or' rence which took plaeo in IRK irv tfle park of$ahrlotIeuburg, where the late K;:g 'used: Se pass the s_umer, livng there in thestyleof anjrivate gntmman. Ihe-Emps Of Russia, then :PrinoWr Chark+tt, and onlyrsev*n yeas of age, was one darplayng-near-tL osnamenta&Stea of water called the Cabp-asin,withher ltit sister AIan- dswna, aud her brother Prince Clarles; wha Im-she was ,3aw. i3g along in a Bath chair. in whioh,rer-eIii.+hn--rn*X I OnCaccouhnt'of the enterprises of lFrench eapptMi t ab7ove referred to, coia seunt-aiso W_tThtn, anc .espciallyt.Pd,'b, is the llizid head-quarrteta oL, W -pponents of the exis#ig- iSpanish: Governmneit, wrbaever that mayThe; thi-iz now unquestionably ,the most important diplomWad i6iot in the gift of the :Spanish Cabinet, and-it -uitSe maitifying to Senor -01ozagaa to see even 'those ,iY6o m.sbe re'garded a3 US pelitical opponents, step' for%wvard' to te ify to -the able mamier in whichi he -liasfilled'it mnsb hope the b'est -fromr hissucessor, and not prejudge a il:unried marL T&eDe aisays thatM: shal Serrano has t;h ievutatioi of a brillianbtffivier. It 'may b' 6,' but his reputation haa been 'couirdd -nmre at Court than iii the caip, for he was a very. young .xmai'at the tiiie of the Carlistvwar, a,dits cone lu:ion 'fou6d, 'ihi in asuborite rank'', He_vrs-not present at the' ever 'oeiorable bottleof .icalv, hav'r ,;'' joinedL a he`,heroes of' t-h% j engagementr.:some dayi litei,as~- th eywere pro'-: ceeding (southwards, ra disceteed-attndn that -- the ,whole C dontryr did' ho ris anc join -len, and oocasiohall- hastine doubtful. gla,nee3 towards th Porhingiiee frentier, s that hs ichiefifita expIoit,'at least in is Gee rars rank; ppear to -be the shellinL of 'the hambpe' of D-putiea, -ad 'the, riddliu with roinc shot the Duke de Medina Celi' mausion, hard Bythd Irado at hndrid,- which-r latter operation hseeUii to have - &rf6med in'fth' t ost efectual complete 'maiiner, doubtless niuch to 'the stis;faction of' lovers of :.the pietir^ue, -but<ve4y; Ettle to- 'the costeatniento b 'tne - propietorj of the said edifi, 'who' is-reported to hav waxed extremely wroth at the damage doise'io his-pictures and porcelain, and at theunseemly.hol4s in his walls, and to have expressed himself in strong terms upon the nmiejct to his gracious SovereicSn, as became, Ca(Xstiliai.noble-of the purest .biood: and one pritiegebi veax his beaver ini the'Roa1: preseOnce. It i s not'ssen*iai9 however. ph:1t A rW: suiiean ae aRC Complished- sdategisb oi the, heroo a hundred fight to be a g od ambahssdor. It:i saidthat A mn-never kiowh3s lhaie e'n do .iintilthe tries. General'Serrano is-neitheran unpoersing nor an unpopular person, and mayposibly asto best friena by biis abilities 'as an ambassador. ' A the same time, and while hoping,th' best, we y be permitted-to iegret the cosant recuence 'f,politica changes i Sppai wich have euently the'efect of removingthe right man from the iig' place.- Although-the- pre'at Govement startld with the -declared intention, of m-alng as few cl.anges O possibile;ai-of`not dasp1idng offici peson merely on` ,u'nt`of their political opinions, their pracqtc is daily less consonant with the. spirit oftheft p±omise. ' lus does not refer ,t& Messrs. OIozaga and Gonzales, whose position-in the Prqgresista? party reniderid it impossible for them t6 remain in the service oE a' Government. which- has replaced Spain- in the same )yolitical position (as regards the amount of liberty it enjoys) in which-it stood previously to U'DonneDls revolt; - at the - head of the cavalry in 1854; One of these two diplo.- =atista was, it is well known, p by the pIe sent Ministry to accept, another-post ;- but the, .cdage is apparently'general itithe'Spanish Corps Diplomatique, and very extensive in various -other departments of the- State. This, of c6xirse,Y entails additional eharges upon - the Treasuy, . in-the shape of- -retiin'g allowances,Low2hichaa vetry-tl nulbe hof'offiia poBt m that country give Sa' ti4tte. 'Then,' we''come-''o promotions - m thE. army. After the enormoust andu ridiculous amount of 'promotio6n -Wicliiinmediately 'folio'wed--the revolutio of -1854,''i ihi everybody was- ded1sred o: have mented well, of bi; acountry and'of - IoirsI 1w .lamorous for som'e substiaj testimony to his-hil ~de'sert, EsparO", and O'Donnell, somewhat-shameclof th'e selfh saturnalia of Spah-heroes, andatniots and of the excess of bonty: li±hey had been insensibly betayed, declared that thenceforward, the army bem,ngvastly:eoeked' with officers,'Eat' least in th hig,her ranks oy oe pimtio'nhobid be maide for every,threo vanciea that'death6r. other causesinight ion. .Thi. was anexcellei rule, and for a tih6e ifu'olrved ithon cd5ld it po-sibly be maintinbed 6fti, the, insurrection: bf 18.50! .t heS&was t'helarthaid)eiiough to- refuise' to of'cers reeking' ffm the 'barricAes.' or': black --with the smoke- of the.guin. tlhat had- battereda -down grandees' houses, the well-woii -niward of theirseride6s to-their coiintryi' zSo the ?iTnistriy of War. lackened ih hat`,-andfdon, isi ineshiaustible cormucopia forth flolv: ma ls' batons,' generas' sashes, the embroideries of brigadiers, the goIden stripesof cOlonels,' tho epaulets-of inferioi degrees. The maxims of nitlitxeconooi y, adopted late and ,whenSpainhA alr yalf-ascore generals to every regiment,~ v.eeoanforotten,ati~ the old, silly! and winked sy'stem of great iewards'.for p,altry *sevce3s, exhaustingmore and more an already.over- burdened teauy, was a,-inadopted without pros-: bLshal Serrano, weleaim-by telegraph to-day, has arrived at B6yopne, proceeding fbtm Madi~id Don JeoS Amani who wa3 Eo wel kmown a perMon in the SPanish capital-previoux to the revolution *£ 1iB4, -aI abzo reached Bayonne, proceeding fxom. TIi foRowingprivate telegrphic deapatcea1aaie 3<z.received '' -,''!':- - . - -. ' fs ARqRTlTX.1F Avrs'9- U"Amunts have been reived frtm Cons4enhnop1e'io farinaupi bh ww exp amkd 4fovctr2or of KAfT.--- Th*'ii Paii7A3Mon t3 ofo -of set:ting GU:t ffith hie '"Lu s Ailo g eoi*L Dosizbple IOd nsen sider. - b einto 'of tbe o rii h hj d ived-6z ~ bvanfhs been vey indifferen in Asii aAt' IIhlI i~ipDEis cofLneed ~ii815 remanun toicled,i; a. The - k h t -wro o hecibflitdeew ias g - a1utb4er snp1 wexpeed fro'lse Sea of A3off t Tb. ;in lraUnI' cb for th9 aetnhI cnof the - q1~o d tbo ,fronisr i5rd2at-na deanlg tbat.the _-a Omi.aiee of OdSppse ence of foreg 'STbe Enq1Ish e^es of War lG1 or,aw :Sake : neo before Sebutopo1?.were pr-fro: -or 'tis e1iutb B1MX -rr.. ; Xi "EAIzirBURf G, thGPO=t Avni d XW '*hr 1O OAees tJ6. t kCom5at;19PaiiS 9 aud- th kkide ith I{.h1ers and theid nmitet, hive Ieft t1bi~ pisco for OSW,- iu eonaTeue;t is asseied Of i- ~eptc b ricexved from Zigb."., : The Spanish Goyernment ~steamer labeUs -ba Anivedi& at r;eilies froni alencia, beng sent to %ivey ?sloe SeAdbert oP CBva t N -henc he will Pocoea to6 Marid for bibam na rith the UltS ps BAsu aba. -- - The AnnuaiMie Miitaire for 186:6, whiCh liM just M Lts 60=omanrked differemues frorithat - - e aa wi}1 ho -seen from the folo'wing ItianAof its content :- bead h of theboek~ and iuo.rdateIyaftelyEr ie : d the $ospffor, comXs th.of the Pince Imperial, Ssd es enfa,g de tr of t1:e Lit Iegime- af Grens. diens of the Imperia Gunrd and Grnd Crxss of tbe Legion wad.cartioads acrosathe fronltier. waz- one of i chief Mtids 6f of import froi T&ur-y to hat wside of the Ro fontG th timbe-r With hic a th-o or at mriwereconztru;eZ Major CAthca,-.who w*as sent by thie WIi 2i1eparment te explorS th' country frobia JBata awong the valley of the Ohuruk-su and in -the diri& txoeAofArdahan andOlti,hasareivea.he1e-Athough the" imediatea object !of his mis-ionaely, t- fin -out and indicate the best minsus of senaing au Englkiforce -if nece yry,from Batolun agamint he , ulsans ene'ts, o M-ore. hlii exPloxing expediti6i wa - be. by. nozneanx h t- way, for it openi forthefirit time a-line of o6intry Ulkhol evwven- t its rulers,.: the Tirl;s, a-nd yet of the greatest- im-or,ance for the security of the frontier liue betweei Rustia and Turkey. The chief- object of Mabjor- VathearV a i, Iwas LaAzistan, or the coduniry bordering the left' bisk of the. Churuk-siu and IheO Mezradaghi thecente ,of the, chain .hih divides the sea shore from theinterior., The whole of tbis district is inhsbitby,a branths of the Mingreliai jace, profeCsingth- iM-M homedan religion,, and onlyslightly itermwed-*jithf 'Arnenmns. ,It is: -.evidentl-'yolie' .of ' th'oNe ,mounitain districts to which the orig6i inhabint !of,tha ;country have been driven by -.the -prex sure of -the'- couq'ueringsg Ottoman, Land-.histokyr proves that the rest,of the country laa beetic subjugated. long- before this.- last -strongholdL iThaey ,avelkept ther frare ir,ore of the oial. ,iln syi,ten.which has: aer t1at ,a't ,of tho MEait. This is- especially the :e in: Izistan Poper,where the feudaiiititutions a ti' is full force. The only authority which,ITre exeri there is more nominal than :re appoiii oamely, the Aloodire of tlie.'diatrs but chooses for these posts invanably- the- heretazy chiefa of ,xke. '!an But, 3in siiteo.of ~tbis.-isiil1 anxn of tonour; therk eonm tae hit of the. r nars of. the empre, 10 in number, hwiding Prince Jeom. They are the Prince, 31ia7ig Reille Vaiant, bragnan, de Catel. lane, - ry d'Hjuim, Pbaisaer, Randen, - ga7d BoquetL h iAentio. t; ji ot rjnco the n`umer of mabrah isi at ar.,: anh&thi rhen habti ntumber- 2s- eceeded emly one - nouistlaon tk three 'racanciege take. ' The numilr of generali 1c2 divison niay be caiied up to-90, that of general of i gd to16D, and tha generali who are2enatrs may be repWed umerically. The; Annmzsire contains 92 generals of diri: Eion and four Senators 3 tt classiied. There are, therefor tw!o generils morii than, are on the cadrar,-b't ihereare nine senators anmong ho'generals insead of four so thati iere are three plae. w ;ich may be. it nseeay, MoId up. T The lis' of generals ofhbrkadevinekad of being exceedid, otil cbntains 167 Tai -instSdeof-I8O. 0 The staff-corpe, whie was considraly inereos& during the late campawgn,.is almost fly complete as x d3 th superiorcaiers. It Onlny.'wxant three - chefs dl'scadron, . but the niunber -of csptainS is farbloir5 that indicated by the 4nnuai,e as fdrmning. tEe fulI coxnplement of- the staff corps;., There',are at thp laresent time only hree .great conainM - or thre armies, two on tha footin- of active service, and One- on Ithit of wra:r-L The armuy. of Paris, comninded- b Iamrsll Iagim,x composed'of four divisions of 2nfaftry o.-tw7o brigsdea.e u,.and, ne oE ,cavvalri of three briades 2eCeteha'army avof tIons, div nthe or en of anr haion de th stellarmy,o Laving two tdifeions 'or infanty .na, rsohe 'cf cavalry, with their artillory; 3. tLh- armj of Lri a under t'he commnand of: -t`he Goefror-General, arshil Randon, formod of ,tIn, elements-the orench, regmeints, cciinEg the garrisons anl th? camps in the three dive siohs of.Algieri, Oranm,!nd Constantina; the native troops' recently eturned, ,froni tha Crimea, aind the active: diyle sion, under Gvieral Re anl which left iYoris some months ago to be employed in tIe,ckarps athe foot of the Jprjura,: At Ronm there i-honly one division, tof- a tingle -bng3de under General-do MontrihL ' the ftfi terxitorWal di- *~surerwo nealr rue waters edgt. 'A-yomg:guardsmuar:som duty not far-off called to her, Wsaning:her'ef her dangbt, but in vein; the little Prince_s Inghed;at heradviser,' rdA coptinuid to drawitheBath', ch-air-clee to th,,ink. el4etou seeing this stped forwad, ha&hirnword eroz h&i, and cried 'ThIt !' The PrinecM in' a'£ fht, steppe& abc, ilipp)ed, and fell into the water;- Tie sentLhel in tanul pluged int afterX her, gbt bez safely-out. and'dtaging thos ch4ir ;dgnB with him,Princess Alcid±a _mmg by his ide and crying- all the whil camnie her pak wet? :aa,he wasto Queen F Loui3a i ho wn- sitting before the Pa erding. -'lie Qeen, on iang:whathad!hp- 'c,dbent over her child, took ,rfrcoi er-neck- a smalMtmqdalion containg atch of her (the sen!sY hair, and ateitoLeuarman; .Ths-sametdiort veter now shlioed to tlaEmpfese, who, imm3nMitel resollecting tls&odcn±rence with delp eotion'requeatedtimnt-restore tolhar th&ae'dallLceiith,her mother's h4 and,tnrnsncito -P4ncess nGgi her lid of honour, d4tched -herr own portrait set in diamonds (an crament which the.4adies.of the-Russian Court generally wear az a- mark- ci spc'ial adecion) from the bosoin 6f.;tat -lady, a&dgve- it-to the old guardsman, who vent away delightee&auarou4and im talsig -by the sentinel v-ho,had stopped him showed. him. thp trinket, saying; 'Do yonsee that, yomstupMdllorV" e Three per Cnets.. closed to-dsy- at 70! 9Ba for the ena of the mnoth T the Fournd-a-HThlf' per. 'C6nta. at94f.. OOc.;ud,theNXewIoan at 1f lf,Oe;', .O4Ieana Railway Shrtes, 1,420!.; ;.Great, Northern,. --1,070!,; Strashurg, 040!. er S 6fS . Parisian' :[vo L437£ s iO.. - JivnS.nfr.. .; h 862fi b5 1.48!. Oc. Lvna-'n flIm- MMai-z Borde:ux ard Cette, - 8 Great- Central of Yiariee,71Swf.; Lyona anEd Genevaw,815fi; Bask of -890f.: M:ob;ilies, 1,G17 50c. A P Sil ~4M~0~-?AiX~AuggsU3a-&gh Ptl6e~.- 'Fn.2~I~H1 Cets (ro aibxsio for -1% yeas),94. Sc. .60o.; T]ne perr Geuts.; 7M 20c. 71f 401 SOc 71f TO Oc. 980gec.; ~ditto LLan o- 3S55' ( penr cent paid), 722, - ditto Certificate.%. (70 p- cnt0 Paid), M Cradi t-,goDCier, 670f; i. d2tfoObligai. tionsa - Of.,, F-our vei Cent., 4JDf.; &tto eefee n Centi, 3901, ditto leniths, Four per Ceita, 1872., 5OC., ;., Ciedt3lobiler, 1,625f 1,620L.3 ,61M7.'5c.; - eMunt Ba 5 : 700f. Piedniontese FEfp r.Cents,, S. 50c, - ditto T1r;ee p&r Cents., -5Gr AnstnJi-3ixve per lCents, 88 ezinr. -and a-TDA per Cents ..994 Ret eXpestoEcE Ul21.75&. Rronazx,8 , Spa2iib.Defered&Cnverted,ti;* .ditto Thterzor~De1xt, 3S41. Excl,eng zicn:dox. at csgfft papr 2of 27 X. monoe, 2if. al;|; Sbr monb E , . , . TURKEY. - I (.Rox ou' ow. ° COR .N-I ) ' N '.) -CONSTANUOPTLE, Aw-m, 4. I nI the alternoon ofthie day'bebe yesterday Her. 7Ia3esty's hiS'p GIedik (JCapotaia Hfifiarc, i3eburned4 from. S&rpents' Isliand,. where- -as I menionq6e.,= nky last, she had-lbeen seh t t~iquire int6iA exa natnxe of the Rusian ocups±ion. .She W und 4t36r, 50 Turks and eight ssiaas, the -lattc- n2arn -ie 'As the island is nCothig but a -bare zock ofteiy.- 1ift size,: and ci,3tains only. onebuildig, Taks. I,nind~~Rn.Qin :1Y. liTine-r ih Pra-f tkiv br S -ma -t '.Ii c iMte are treated by. thbeormer a3i.eir egts aiidLc sip-plied witfh e4veryfhiu. This is donie. inconse.quence of the orders of tlEe Turki Governmeit, Vmhici, of cowse, 'i - xiot .to.axoid a.collision.- Th,e.-.onIytkbig which .tho~ Tnaa do not sh*e oFith thfie Thissians is the lighthouse , ihe latter a , tot il6wed to ne±}wltx and. heiightlioue iajustths +easou T}:ih1L {he 3ssin2S iiror thek eomigI.to theisanod. Iihst nightth G1.6adiator;lefth a'ain: for'tlieMaick Sea,: -withiemw i& tions of a no poxifivb tdie6 .. f . :-. , Thd serioiis way- m wMh the occupation ol .Ser. pent. Isisand ba bean iaken up -by t alliest h aid the.appeirace ofALte .GMTnib_ before Scbastoi' will probably be a a xicent hint for t}Q Ruaiaai 1o understand thatcthe -alles do not . ean. tr ba Frified with anid; ais more fthin Proba That- they j lig thg iit be tenton( can dn be: to pSke te..mo t oEi«r -positon but aot *odfve. .thigas to a=-entere.: . .. 7 can-give yoi some dotallo about the nission to Mixr m T was 'nof6 Colonel Geales 4wh6irent^ there,' but Major ;Stewart4.- Heiwa, received zifth the greatest. poLieness,an~d allowa. to go to Xto]a,rs whexe ne ras likewise tcreatedl vtit extreme polite, 3iess but not prited td epiap} the Xlardagsh, the tstae ofwlich itwa ininiaon to investigte Thne Commanderf X iar exceise himself bv~ hi Iiinited powers,. hwbi* aid inot enble him_to4119owr' |Major Stewart or anybody else to vixt the wmorkd lithout- authorit yftom ia bi superior officer -at I Gumn, aad'hlie referred the m,iatter to the latt'er; TheCommander of£Gumri pleaded thessameiwant of -power, .rud referr6d . the matter to the lOommauider. of -TiAis. ~--EThlatter sent for instruc tions-tWS't. 'P ert¶tId.-jor Stewart, who did noqt think Chidwlf ent~itled_to itop-utilte answet airived, rehtumnto Erzeroum. I.10 nelt aleN the comniisioner with the.T66klh army, ait hEeroidi, has receided orders to leave that place with his staff, his- srvices beingto longer'r I 1 quired thiere. .Ee i expecbed here ia few days.- ' . T!he i ewhichI sent y6ou oine timne szoA12at theRrec1eaw. re lithe wood of the Soh:ii .deh,isu cnfrieL ~ ,nese ;'woods sujiply 'the : s:role country roimd with timzber for buidn pur. .joses, and the Rusiians have carried averral tfiou. . my, the inhabit ts7behaiieC7ejfwll durin .he last war, and-et -several - thomand men. : r ir'egulacs- to 1i, -.*ho' fonghtM vad .brOfferd there with- the- rebt; of; the turkish' Yiny, arld ere finall i ithir capacity- of fin'egiar'I dismissed accrding to fthe aricles of the -GtfUau Iion. 'if i 3a-1; the m or t bbreg rt t ea- t th e have been altogether forgotten: by the 6I kiMi Government. !WhilethePaAm have been destrat. :in-gthbir T boukc1 is aAi tshaonuches wiV. tSm Miedjidie, none of the chiefs of these moun&'i dis"tcts have had their services ieeogized, ana yetr tthey wouW1-valne veiy, highly adis ine s& iBut hasbeen aalong the systsof the Turkiki :EIorerntijeflf tv dis m e every mnement,' eve r 'the 'best- -w.hi'b 'doe's i -not p--e d' 'di ectlyr t.ro,sni thfie Central'eine,rt ar to snJorhei ,'t tg n: -of, .fe '1 .whi^ch it-''-'not . eep' -izdir tn o ,m,t aerrile7eeMtro1, The ene was done 'wi'tb thE ur4s, and. tXfrita of thuis iy'shliored thewsevIaearly enQ nrl d ng the law,, ve ,althe 'madish tribes jwet fwrmore in fwouv £f the 3Rus:i:nz hasn of the Tarks. The 4a 8n',fdi4gustw - t]'e. wrarlike .poSulfatixs .of ILazutW:iis:o inuch the gfeater as this ountzy forms aw natnl *Stron,g:ld.- which -would eib,e -its powessor- to -'make-inyoads-isio: the- surinding -countzy The TRussiaw took ad7antage of' '-iisiin 1828, whentljb y tiurneda EtZeiro by --thbe- i ntains, leaving the: ,fidoubts ci iliassarKaleli ivtheTear. - A,s'for. 8ndb g-'th 3oer unth:, -ajort1 :art thinks, it'.A aneeewsity for ,guinc, the fra htter' ondbsthat side&. andAthvc difficultleo not be 4ttaU' g t;7 especialtl' as' tze . ind-dr lMSou require4lThrP imrely,-bhlstiirtne'roekH--eould;Bseasly feund ift?he neighB'u6eib disticts. It-'wild be :1zl Ieiiable if -T(ajbr -Caihacrt cotulaiake-his exlObrihg expaditionlmor_ widely i1now7x' than in the Ap~ecifcts of the lWar D4artmentand'thus succeeai ail dfeetinn th atteutloln of 'te Brithih pubJi!e to a' ceintry waEinch is -liticalyl,a web as cono .ieriaUy of highK iimnjrtdnce, ana, were the-<: E 1 a,,e has .awdene:i3 enougaib: hb 1:>t.-pntm L...- -. {ln the political world: of Stmboit-h Zme uncertaztYreignsas;ever,aL;te th diion um 'tle mary. TntWo ondm' ie-e arni,er ':their -cndcth chia in d iC11SSQJuDs about .idustt.,ial a=droommnercuiah de ,rkngeoXwh.h cigieati' .ilnbme ?3e under ceratien . . --. IFirA ongt ersblbhmer4Ou, nAaional. bSnk. .wayin iwliic .wt1ch-negoti4nn i:w tbx [.attar lLvo been ucaieidon wvisld be zuffloicI4S& F'asguet tny' one ixthji4de%of. iu ngcmpital '.in Tnrk= Severalts magethb Comcilcof-3atae,. "ti': -wborn~ - differcrPt ropc3e werm- sabm"d,. fdzcsdedd ,o theOtton a BarB amd epow:ere&the: : niister4 to *et: wh thee tpesenta1evoet',bat ' -enpanyA. though wly, thbingn wenlom smooiblyS : enou h unl la.,e1f ~.Adlthe-aZirGikd -ooeedeZI -so :r fthat t'ne~Impenal Ird a6aa3-exp etet every -ty,. Biut latelyb .all of a sdiden, irsteadsof -brad n am itunatiomoeme to thengrt tuhebaML4. Y. r . that the Gbvernmen wu hed: .compa y o foiaml- .iz6 their oodintions-iA .*iting.whichw tild thmbe sanUnumttedd o the rr'ut domajibors,. aiwdQ-if the lat ertofe". ore a t,ecis fes. thyiild heacceptedo So the xue-, Turlish .Gsninemiut forjnbre hdia'ourinontbsW at * heFen- cit*bich theywazex pl1eed u:ar&diez ad-. fThe-,Smni# = o Aii,and oh ntmoie t6 A&gianloTe:RaiI1wav projeet ts., likeWi& ralig, ,pn,heir-sndles~~g n ae, 6ns;. Half-awdozen Ua 5:' tat.least. eretbhifig ,s~edAo X, fhi"fy ' e,W ' ;b~ --etibrx;i vwere r:ae wki & ah the -a,in~n3 ver''po'nU=:ha'e ,N |tot 'leaz.. 1edioiis:arthe_^ot;Iat+n2: abo,litthd' lt~egr h':e7fropi. t~tla Daiofl'eo.by: 13gcand-, th'e Rodi Sba, 16S ITllv. -ce onc~on.:ie g,antei afiar lf: .wy do.*n thib~aed Sea, antd tlxio1iy .po,nt wh;h, mq~d~ez. tt t',e p non tob land b ' e;e nzeaa on. unnr e poinmbFth ;IWed; iWoaT- ;hore., Qx ~niit 3kn,ow well ma mov,ig pbwa4' of Ttiki! offici=routine-toi)oezeve that aftz themoat 'iimportZ~ yoinshv.a been ganteduieauinsigni^f*-pdant ush6oi be objceted tot. 4i~thL^s an ii4oxt e,terp be. del Ib : ,The- R3uasia. :mbsaeadr 'is .e3peead rn a § <z*ys -Helhasbe~en i- 'some' tiine. in QdXsa, and aa I ikb T i=n14we--:emdn . ..... T(odap a #hoibeflotilao elvinig with-troop. AfterAthoire de~axt~ie s*ce1y atbou.sanQmueawi1JRe 1efRae Ar.1 :@ the re31atSe; o} th.> moioitha bDauube Thf& I A o bO3'ui~3It BiGOlffiSPOS-E'T.) :. | W, hi ra'eews froxo St;; Pebu~rrg- by: ftl,e<japo . of , ,heyradate, to. the effectht!' aIetiQt ha5s ordained ee ran ezuresfor tbe fci1i.° tioeao$i the irtpo* Of -fioreign go&ds," buano.j'.- beu.iar re ~A. 'prrst i-hentRoned. Titiltey ;svet' hilLs-h.ardY.y be worth' while6to telegroah o yu a aatt'en thtit may Ipoi 'o muckW or so littmeD .The: effeo, ofithe alteration that; was ' ade i the- Ru j3iantaf ely,:thea ozfdf a:zed kug'ard the-.di]iati6n f duty w rsr .rg.. izW4-nA Az A ;11l 7zAineei erih '.ii:-o ,spgr..r,3 which Jlaa hIe iradudi r_n_sg dfor Lsoii& tne pat, has p ow, tken Ra ,J CA z *` totailly- disomfi,t all ipr6viougyrrined estf,agel: 1of -ways ad eans, mfacb" ereis hsarly*I {thing left'< ikwl, pnlce.eheh' aoz tegualor-exceedi ;tlioeem London.r ,_,.' , ., ., .--Another ted'egraphc d e,atch from StPtr bhn of -the:9tli-m; . contis only. news 9! iiai appcinmnents:that &ae-foi-the h o- partmolsdy !hnoios to :yp,i . <roni my, let'ternz.7 Tynowlaki-.s 4iade Ma;ter and .Secriet4y of S&tt Pfofoland ;o' Co St- ke}lerg, Miiern cii T ' rCo-nt B iudoir, Firt Seetr of-' Ikgation Lor'don, 'atiPrne:'Wya.remh, Firs '5tSecretaznr o Legation' 'i Finmii. PrifieO Eterhazy- i4n Collunt Momyx bA3rrivedjhere Ny that date. -.'- The is as -yet io -explbation of the/.causs.etl Wavv led -tf6 the -Mtirement of GeneLralMOuxavieffi thle' Coninader-ln-Chief ori the special Cauca,Sier !Orps -'in an. Stath6older' inii th -CaucauUs's- -Th' iInel zSe statesionly:jriat it, hai taken puce-: i.' :ompLianoeewith-lha o iwn w ,"'-wich is equivwi4 to;niothingatl'alL - aince BoijatinakiA,wo u.ceeed ! nhint, ta O,O k'e. ,only tyehtitle .of Comm-sndei, and the `ch'aractqen of Provisional Statffiblde r .- T1a ht of wthe-oci ,aervxnti o.f-'the late Xfimpejr'. ,ib hae found-cause to withdra froiiom th -servine becmies more nuin evt,er: day, and the pre4! Jeem3 ,graddallr b-eco'n Mamesoflrtei3e K¶e 'w t lookecluppon a me- , Gi r. Sce'. ith& Mura'vieff,e orPcei6oXgex iaAE.>s .siana. - -Perhaps th3ie aorredtneetrof the ohge iould .,be impiy that thoo Be i-servffan 'its * he *growne old in one r giznv _,i,nd i adIvsable pi -way for. yoi.ige? men to nalurl*4e a.new - no. An:k e:xpeditiou is just novr being fitted-out in St. i Petersburg for thb thorongh suuvay and 'ounding saddif iifigtbie Myears -185O7-.TheC ~tpia 1 ,spimZv 'ofthe apinSea'til'. re&iff'tOOOSq-tare vert, ,of-whicti bl,tiken 'up.withcoast ;wrvey,- =4th is t'exp~ct:d cio"take seven yeuuur; qa of 4me ig -enidere inezpedient, aa e:plate1rz- te--b&iandl coaat'-< 6the shfioi Ap0y-than;-t othxer ' inlaud he purpos of completing the executi6n ipedifies. time st~boata aiida pIentiEA.abourham vebeen I uialaed.- ,.e inn8 c6ntxliication,with .reEcrence toed:.-tension.of ,IRhsian trade,;is ex< Y.orn:!6k, :letter.; TBe Rimo-, 2mpinyw haaj . i welL known rnnu .:along -the. neth.weut .os. of ich ser.ve as5 a-bh. for the operations tiiig; t;ho prodiice ,oI there tnlt%_iaitherto been t forwrded to.) ste. i:at; itka, wbenoe it ii conveyed-to sepogsendni1lySha3hai for sale t>i . ,L,I8tW .o£ S1y Genea . Mo xayiefi give- for~aer;iie;u *.7 th8f equea 0 tlieevacu,~.ofjt6 *Rf~s -4-thalT wrkis terBwry,.t'eiaib that it w erfectly 0 to tthe nes. EStevLv'at F, a ime GeieralUNou* e¢i~s~id We dmxtiaaulars of thh& difFeni 1,F',,hi,X,o>,,,+ the 'pMi ha,i,. !an'd {o 'coneenSe .tl lviutoi thev fuaesk of. ilxandiv t o ; F > a.k gen l)e. da the-2d ie,I-aTs. ffie reslt/ofthet 3ibbbi£ oEtheconmittee Ok2:33ain rjI mo;,tinindrte.reieeo Psince'assilt-. slbkofi;-alisdat p t etgid edin axa the -Actonnta oe tlie.c ai aurmgthl e Ines-m thl Onmea: -- - - t- '$Xt#. rcne tlflng w,ro b.te+ r uIeAdth anaioterto e.,iiiz tlhe ces,al om etns,ef!he-&Govlernment dwingthe 1&te-os1mpaigu mitheu,tcuebghtit 'weeld.be theA re4utwof phs oomimtteeRi., Onath otlr hM'A the-dar kide ice'o, s-'s,aa dImly tit", i4' 4Acit t6tch edit tI' th,a rno*:iqeunt iproos Te -amormt of the iM : -em, z2eJ t h atha de&ency gensi -s .z't.hend=on',dsef 9O,OOe4O9(t roeeb The' t,ne, ~tla he,niiggest ereistcIy ~o iat, g:th en, was; t ie i>ntthai,=a spent' This is, bowevecr a qucs. i>ot n * p,o,sitidn t ansier, aloughpiic Sminoin'e'PtTh , Te eRxpenses of''4efendag Sebastp'ol .a f t,hit'whole Crimean campan,; at i,OoOW,EOo~I O slIver. C--~~~~~~~~~ke,iqf~- j ;r¢s;eLSO Xesr.3 ic7ze Z Sii uns tDhe follo,.w- ,x,p Spi,tpo,ute date of Julyr23:; o! ChersoriidTaiinz; .fnocentt, trived herw yesteray or the purpowe of Consea , r ting (or,blesnng) the.santhk sde of tha town, which i3 to hezrabeft at, the commna*,nd ,o,f the Emperor.. Asw all th'e churehes aze. 4,estr-oyed, divinei service was perlbiiied in-thje iLiin .:,eI,h,p w;inch -alone xemais,- on anr,a te?orc4 out; o- wooden boar,ds. s'leze .dere rpred i3ept ,,t thSe ceeWy O the Ooummnder of the harboiwri LOeE)aWsWITe d3oe-Admia -Juehz , .and As Paif 3ofg-+ho. h c me ,,hNIcboieff to exiiixian ! shcepi a>nd,7 to- sujperitend ,t,he ,woks' _3Lggink'on7foi th, ze,ov,ear of, ,y iat.rialj' Lthat, 3iaj till befound' sia,Th. Ar mmimttfb hs en impointed h thceEmeo co,;,duet,! t- re-ection -sothe Iosin at-the peans of t h -i ICt Ere.ereorg. ODLthispot wh;ere thq- aen±orabae sax, yaetconNsof ffie ex ntler >f gd aefeseever.etei,sd:, here3 ,thnr a&nds of the-meet intrepp3he'efoends glors-. g.w dXa,tlk«exarJe ,te,h,, built hloepsta2sin as4wfor7 -,,rrF,f i y'em_ Th* ciommnicationgr he- F6ween the, ortI ,rni sonls jeide se-to-be estaio 6 eh by Z Soaors, ha the;e walle be in' the place--f,'thej niiiIi'es - hst~e Auba. thnt saseil to si'uid thoin, arge - ymaxeeiSaic aZ,ea,t ,,oun,tinDg oo,. j^o ~3 -pecent on thi outL3y.' Thuiif' thebr .UDYe r cc np dinnsdtbth, the AOrown.Q,:t use rtclo.a oi; psonerty tile- zn,' ialready aa ,giTve ted, c _ .., oa 4 .-inii - ,e duL: SI,fj3 n,,ndez tl4g.nsoef tha 'cEsck on hoacdithessoerner S2lpbide, in. *bhc6 D- 5e4ai i5sor, - sesoti ,companny }:el ~o bled, anili*a 'LT=k lBorgiW~regil Xz*!,4'Szradhiom<asel8 axtend-'1 au!ig from SPersg o,;t. fBes st5.'-t r recently hh'ol5the noG -te Bre,ncAi.uini;bi, are small in S i TP7 bu er ___o;3rce3 ' dc on |a,,le,vel-wt the- wres^ ar so arageid ar to adord jittle. ee,djheild,S of;,tirm,, md inl anether y.aciitbewuni dlfl ,be, car,ried l ~-i 300. E 3h .l-ot bs -ganboait CaxQs thee heavyB guns and a rqwr oi i5 en'xthe hveo>yees' ihave Qaionle large tr,i «thre heivy g?n na- ,O3ren.w ,, ;.ha,nmerc, ,anti vrls.] at -anehor in'tb - pot 4f4°fi onn4a& were sgaily. di59 iedtai; la.ti AftFr gthh, >4 e2tS* ,of,,rontdi.jo teaer~ psd' alsi the hne-o -II ship, iand ton ok up a poation 'ithi I OU1Ot,sho #.Ue lst, vs* -M,ceAdmira -Scha had the oo ,A in chief ofpf.tllwcl,.was ,ompowed o carOttej} forw m j-two *ozvi , unde aAdr rRAA TiainoN -aor dn ma au gobo8 ,- oAdfiMoffette ana SOi6ff At 2' 'c1ock !iiX 3co! se e.'the appro.; 1, it,ofhe iv4l 4toyinfg .t~oPerFw.44rQiPeteghofi ,ier glu wias is teiM.l tted in thattecon, an H3I.jgeywa nia iia i Ui taf umrobus aiaff, aasge nuxnher ofladi iu thHsat . i oHneadat'b' igSag, the,-y r,asi,nia,r5ggRngjoli thiXe weJFi,re3nej the Czaro gt he wed along the Ene, ws hiled with most efAh1iaWtid Ii .T}ie Thup3ezora e -uurafter e ai #g the, ! n B 'to, oktip a' WeitSoaL oi Aae rig! ot ir e Jd,d*n, - klUng of of ,he gun. -nd oaa1byre1 -,djth.crew ot e,chTa it ta ba(i n, ua was Weiau ad ln omem mandar iA ,ai~dshrea gtinilb"O shi q-oei with as Teu1Ieo 4ie-feeibi4rer'-arr edw l 'ite: ' em the ;forts;of Cronstdt. Ths grand navaI fete;s which faiouid-b y the xeo delighlfu rbthaur1 itniW-b&t '5 o'clock. t2%e 'luiwinwve hada-}:.?etrhoff,. ad lbr3 Muminatkibis-hiith JA3l3 th.stre,rf& Pee | . q taord. i na. * c 5 Q n . iul T a s I,Y sson t;: L th-e;'. thr_one And ooponkntion 0, ieihigouyoa1 ~ in~& o A .~~~ITALY. d'xik I Tl^tr..' ;f_, ,;* OjX !er , ,!a;n-A §h eiiite;no&oft:he ,pRejb1ics iiuat -redolleet 1Qe roiniiiei' itV -~ takoen 'b; A~Lngei1oi Brnnettij cli.- ' bott lit : msny *th mng'toai~ s m~u ~ieno~ o'rer'' 1jis'.feflow~i - !,ercised . i.- iji' -thE jCS¶U c y,jjl '1P- Ihimucf 'is m~i,d''o s Wb -u o b *time by his pegJumve -prim AaUt ~wai hooiF;3ipiotr:ml1 aducd frm hli tloits cbmuy -ithz :aRibl GidaX bt thyXarfite in-f-.h Eiormd,. (oewih nwA lzPiekV32: 0£ -vimtpof Gen a!te m if, qfb W by,t di a ~~~~~~~~~ee b_ ,-eri:mdney %C=Ub;t .Dt-eLgite,-he _Ibeh-ng 6 i n t a d r'Vlhtiwn objeeb. are0,64~56k ofy- retreat frovi Me An ntDieleisert, Pzefecty of Police;-%ht; z ioiehterof 7jnoneio, i ert, and.tt mite hea 1dth e s;s .I old - t ,I4i;r imd to deawo t.hi 6&I;, b*Wp~t, y abni&d by _&. ni1rendo tero`fte Thepery= of Ptie !weo.: 60iort,fahepia 7of ~Isobi s ovto avil the .I oteoMyteir thuue. islebo_,= , * ,i p e t,, ., tM filety koag on-in,n eyt . anreit to the,bdmit. -theowfid Yugta=33 1bitje6ardnMn-'zoey, >dM acomilak g..is 1,7idoni~tet prieo ne -of: theGn J rsAvt,r thepno caitulatoQlo b;m Cicefimcl Ie pt theacty m- company 2with G-;wien aLGatiagI, bti vf4 iperTDfiSo-Or_oepek Botedav soor atwsboL dsO, |lhen> hio 1attendesrot h o.recg and emmi and gtere Yey.ioccayTnloaek- ihe-t zfele6tig kee-tanta zpparedzm rthe ilometd Y;I P:noa friom Ga. , l ~st 5-rtewcarpithe &uthormof sRomeChocrible im ,lhte 'C '1t 36SPOC U afht fatesre n13'tu thaeti ih id Cixocrua.ohio w ..nei0s1.011 eoeieiin the lpenindimes; foc,V- - ;oheth aad4.ce.taen4or zeahJ e ift th 'oirmtuo toen ofida-Rome e {h fol ain 'lthe: nouth of the iPo by AUaimoldier omed by a edb n-ei 7df:ier othe mpf -erikifalil. .the prmnae f~eselein §ab Itaha Leloi.h at of I rtvi,and tohouber mdi I cla;im,- ;you fay to ilk the im 1icey *b1ongI 1the p4o1ic ffta~ l~ si6ht ofi Cioerei44hiy idn ,omheaoEitnicer el,,whic aii:tae *oes. +D*3~~~o ths e familite the deeaed temm- bi.~toe%inm7. sth3ic-th, } i onhe of th ear) Mthe - younger oLuino'to theBiDs R¢on ; Parodeoi -, OhjehbIe lothati CksonacLo I I yrf. id on, and tothrindi;o |-Iteg tbyeepin snfTYtiedme in tioeret neve oemied -,Wh . -c prss anx.f.1bv d - fL@t' Withiymtsycei}, G. GlAXiBAflM.. j=G;he:ingd.o'fefref-.de,e una o aumin.Aemperat tone0f the above,io btoo*Wy.j in c er -wi9thteauthor, carries; a ivoAvOi -onr-o0E4,e-eusation being foundp oli- tianl e 4d,;nd, it ceainly w-eLU mes' ,WiAdyence iA- over Italyr sleas the Austria Ahsoritea 3proeijcesyry- cear proof to the eona - wy. T ,he7~inwia o:llf -iaVe batte8 altered their stl alluding.- to- ibe- lateatte a at 1assam hl.,himself adressed- along letter to theIe Poip olo;in -which he abuses-all monarobies m.gmei>,an,d, tbat; erdinia rin paWsticular, but 'y , deiegliso ,-sh--are in theatt-3mptedinsurrectiqwl: and,-the Rali c Pbopo?4. ,publishe3:irrespondene from thefrontier which throav all , th,e'blame-,f f,aipi e~jn tle& C as -who refased 3o j fhe tbe-mov49n.e#t ,co,niiderateAy arranged *fXr thein by their fiendsci London, or-S4zerland, :_,tGeioa &,ays,since. in the City o£ London ,e[ iir.- There were between40O and 50men and- cerson bora,in-atfh;l ey-e,re all paid off auc,dis-. dmaged ii fhe ,couirseo£ The 1 day by a& awnson ,t-Chie- Payimtjer of thelegion. This is thetlii7r1t4p the.OitTotndo,n has miae in; #L T~d3 'oe?mn.i-_.t8,!,-jOiias.h mades9. . ,anamportant ,on6oeo. wherW . o her; E n a b e, e-Sadmitwe tb tthis e,itry+p,r,o,xde they.,can.prove that ftewere 1dCaWhereprevxO,to eRisting _a'ndi_ t iii1 F ,fh,e nid3an (ate.expreisrlv f,or that punsee;itiz: g i1lky ihe wvill m,al,.e 5several more. voges o,nt3ie, zame crraud., *,,,'-- -- -* --- j, ,General ,oun) 'tadberg, the new R*ssia. |Ep,voyat oii.Court,iis a hted-hreinafesw dbgs. ~Evrywhere in- Itay kustiin . diplomaciyF:seems; to b.e m,or than usslly on '.he:alert. IoSr i 'o, ,k7ndsof iolr the,7Emperor-a"id Empress s oald b 1>Xey'td nicet-wth,. sa?poaing nheyade a.toui ~i6,^Ri« ttalyEdiirn -he5autun ~an&'ruiimo of. beinissi~to the sdifferent (ourts-ef Qut%O f wdihe-obtaiiC curren every day, sm to. augur-- p,~s6nV xnve oWtp of beperortolaaenr the __D jeciofise S-.itaia pIicy-ic.ige of _.R ,oen .un,deirTh tueiage,o I Th~leslegatesin the-ilosnagm ar sai to haTve i roek he -qter4to do. all z6ir-poWrer * chi deseoitrtio~i asthose'i &t1l~ii e by thbuiiepal COuncilSs of.31Eolo vels;ana 5 It~isth~e ienoaienee 3al.egi@ ,f those remnestranoes and. t hig sng oF jt(ir.: axsheioRwih -veXj the~ Gosernnt -ci OardCal:,Autind more -t~e anytihin else.- be4luse'-it *oukkl& 7iotrdo atk the -preser momei,,w,ritLh the ittexition- of all the world-_ixed: om -theI ianPiu- ~ edragonar impeA3ouavhio1e? hmainicipa&1: coi.inel itoobe}iemce like a3 -vnlgar-iiob iofmhungiy . naics. eTh, insrions- given tol 5theD~egtesJ aztocwhip:(im aBarlia;mnary ase-e)i all the pL;ind others. bebrnging to the councils rhaaay b dpendent--in ay waybn Governnmenit, afido secn ai .n7joritFyaginsi the nidepcldent
LONY:DON Lt,OCOMOTIOZN. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Yourleading aricle of.i-day on the subject of lron,don Locomotion" appears to bioach a questionivbicb, I doubt not, has already flashed arrosa the minds of hundeds, without, as in my own case, resolving itself into any very defin: te form, and youe. will probablypermitm me t&bffrer n-few words i continuation. Let the matter be -but cne Ld before ti hovublic in the right way-that 1ia by a lIowng hi, be canvassed for a fesw daynin your cohins-and we shill very sEon soee whether:any real impediments exist in 2th3proseStion of the sclseme alluded to in your umnbr of Io-day. This I conceive to be ,the uniting together of the cief extreme points of the metropolis by a series of welldAanned rail or tram ways to caay. roomy anad easily-accebile omnibuses between certain-fsed halting-places, and at arther 3moreaccelerated speei thanthat acbievedbithepre-ent system. Where the existing thoroughfare is teo nirrow for the admission of a double line of tramway alongside the horse-road it vill be founidnwecaar to establish passingplaces, or "sidings," at convenient intervals. Starting points or intermediate depts wvill be also essential at such itmes as are offered by the more opmen ground at St. Paul's Te'd of Clnnon-street), St Clements Dane', Trafalgarsquare, andlTottenharn-court-road, oit the west; and Shoreditch and Whitechapel churches, Borough-ro-ad, ia- on the tat and south. Dangerous crossings, where the tuimd foot p:tssenger, to avoid a meteoric " Hansom," now rushes to 'lie curb through' a sea of black mud, or runs breath'lely ln and out among the slower but equally formidable host of i?icikfords," and other heavy merehandise vans, wiIl under .:nliinaproved system, probably lose half their -tefitrs; btl should the increased speed of the contemplated tirmwa omnibus be cited as an additional source of risk and danger to the pedestrian, then erect, at the most difficult points, as at the Hanslon-hoise, the bottom of Ludgate-hill, -c., light foot bridges of iron, of suitable headivay, to unite the foot :paveraents, which, combining good taste with economy, Wiill offer a perfectly safe means of transit to the tipid and :ag4e and may, while highly ornamental, be made even a ource of profit, without offering, the least impediment t 'frae circulation on either road or pathway. .Objeotionawill, doubtless, suggest themselves it Snow-hil andLudgate-hi][4 buttheEnglishengiinerof thepresent da; has ead to recognizethe term wihich, inthe infancy of raiL way practice, cu9hionedrmany a noble scheme. '!Engineering diffcalties eiist no longer, and the-will absolutelyrules tho way. The ball now set inmotion byyyotu wll be kept alive by those who recognise the requirements which the immense traffic and dense busy crowds of ffiiG-gria't mntropolis now increasingly impose upon ui. Suggestions and-opinions Will flow in on,yon, and through yot upon the world -at largc; and it will be hard indeei i2, amn6g themi all, we flud not that vaisdom whichis saidto accoma&njaia multi,ude of voices. I am. Sir, vours obedientlv.- - UTYS. City, Aug. 1A.
&IcmE.-On Wednesday evening M1r. Brent, deputy-coroner for Middlesex, held an inqiry ad the Wood3man Tavern, Archway-road,' respecting the death of Mr. JosePh Sparrow, aged 37, latd4 butler -in the service of a gentlenanat Frogmore. The deceased was found in Highgate-wood, with his throat cat!'Yr. Jon Sparrow, the -bafther of the deceased, stated that his brother bad left his sitation at Frogmore about two months, and had since reaided. with him um to lZonday morning iast- when he left :h7ome at about G6-o'clock m the mornng, stating that -he was going to see a friend at nlMe-end. Deceated -had taken a business in the count-y about-a fortnight ago, and had paid a deposit upon it, -ut since, that time he had appemed very desponding, and expressed his fears that the business would not answer. He was genera11y very reserved in bia manlner, andseldoma mixed in coup p.any. A surgeon deposed that the windpipe had bedn msvered, and that death muist hav been.instintan eous. He -lad no doubt that the decesed had inflicted the wourid-himself, and that he had lain down for the purpose.. The 'sedow of the deceased stated that her late husband was a -'nan of very reserved and pecoliarhabits, and since he ilnd: ~sidthe deposit upon the business he was about to: enter -mperi appeared very dejected, and expressed Iis fears that would not answer, and that heshouldbring her to poverty. U:After some other evidence, the jury returned .a verdict- ! That. the deceased, Joseph Sparrow, died by Iss owa hard, bunt as to the st-ate of his mind at the time there was- nfo evieience to determine."' ; LAW AGALNsT TiSTLES iN ArsTRAT.t.Ana bt : against the growth of thistles' received the Royal ast on the 19th of March. It is one the necessity of which mus be cbvious to every one acquainted wish the colony, and, with a view to itseffectualoperation,itisof averystringent character. It may seem at f sight that its proveious are too severe, but from its nature.the act requires to he armed With very vigorous powerz of forcenient, and With heaf penalties for non-compliance with its provisio& After re;' CitimD in its preomble that great loss and inijury are occasionai to the lands of the colony by the spread ofthe' pls2tt called the thistle, and that no measures can be effectual for its eradicatioi, unless provisi6n be made for its destruction on private as well as publi property, the act pzoceeds to provide the required re ause 1 any -owner, lessee, or occupier of land in Victorianpon which1 or on the half of anyroad adjacent thereto, thistle3 are- goWingls bound, after-14.days'notice, signed'by a.juiceof the peace, to deattoyd athisles pon such lnd, or, fai3inv'to do so,he incurs a penalty of not les tha . Ior morethn 2ML Service ofthe rotice Os the orupierrls nal or last1zGo" ,place of abode is held ood, andSl cases under the act are Aeterenned in asun marywTay by.two ormoerejustices 'el tho -peace. The justices, however, heave powerf to-.suspend- the jconviction on proof. thatthe occupier-has used and is u'smg reasonable exertions to destroy the planet. No inforeiationcan be laid against any owner of land until the ac has lbqer enforced against the occupier or lessee, and no second infor -m-tion can be laid within 30 days afterapreviouscconviction. If any owner, lessee or ocu,pier neglect or refuse to destroy thistles on is l-an for a space of seven days after the receipt of notice, any prson -armed with'a; written anthorityfroms a just.ceof the . peace mayv entersn thelad, with sufficient assistants, to destroy and er3ixdatd theFa,us. sance, and -may cause the, expense >to be asseAedbyh'wo jnstics of the peace, and recover them in a summay way. 3?ersonn armed. ith the -ritten authority, of a kagistrite may enter on lands to search for thistles. w-ith6ut being guety ofe-alaGi anad a-c hob.liable forany,datnape do unless inificted unnecessarily ind .Wifully. !-Justlces are empowered to issue orders for 3earcb, and foorder the destruction.-of thisltes.-iMdbour*e A'rgo.'- _ Advertisement.]-" Cardinal Mazaain, - or Tent years. - ~er" b;f Alerandre Dma=s author of "-Meoats Chuisto," -on onday nest Inee *PnEflour lbrary.' Also noi7ready. by tba f3rae aebreor new editiona of "lonteChristo., 2vols-,Is., "Memoirs ofah PhcYSd3 2 eue.S; "the 4eeensbreck eegboum aeebntnudtionof " emxotes ouf Pbwiess,a1."-6d. "Rto,i:ortise acise-ThL,ij," Is ALoolately ens r "I2aV;6dt,chsleu," ZnB- Prfe-e' "rnsngac'-m Feaher,." *. Zh , Arnosnsateln,, -1-X*6ice A h -Is. 6dd. *sad 'Herezas of Bcgzss" 25. London;: homsas Hodgonl, l'P&tercosjer = land alt evera rawa7 staUtoen- - row sndat er'm E"Horstio ol dBrentou " 'a Nslvsl "Theonmeof th&e authorof thtae-rkDtaot-Enown to fan it his exn profeton. and he has now see' out in quest of disEinctfon in a VscTyopPOetepstit. weas-to reiti tthe i*Sfriaton given in ti=e pea bor5Ve are to reeadimn as acirapber or fraily -I±,ian anther than as a neeSi vAtez Tile extrdraine,rs fniis vhkz w irones tho thread of the stoy i3 stated to wero, eC=gh fe4, -senames are sabstituted. It -snot, hoer. be edh3 thasiXus dos b 3inei ra tW6 e oB ra nal ov~the nautical por=n of the work oCerpyins-a, large suace;-n,i- aB.naintcdvith saricatUer orhi -any Wav interested -a them, will dcub-ecbegrcealtteuted by the de3csiptelons of zea Il told iAn true atcafl stylB-"tS" -t-o in j Ad:verUiEmnar-3-TTh8 ' Ds °p3chi Eof uncLDd iext, AnnUZS 1a, oilSm 6;oain ma esa. -'Tlso T ad ths. Iaboure Great Fir 1at Accidsenu jn-FugiJ, A ad;i-, Lettes by 1' FbhmacW " eavenly -frDoeskm-anb --eaeA '^ " ". Life Ira c-'cc-Sar hen- 00 the War-Cenfaisslon of the XDr e, &c. 'Or.ce,;=,BlFe-eet- * [AdvertimentS-Tho "SundcyTimeie (prpriaotd Mr. E2r. Su tb- of Ui-t. hese Boys], 3sA iancl:e ncMtaAses;e.kI tEa Ibp&>ticuiszs seid crie in~eriatitn upon all the nuercurace suecu uow beitas held ti eoabut t'csautry. -I It aleo ontairs ex. dO,i5g thutaeca jateIguof at hborne and abroad,tSrers infonoatin rclzt:eg to tSr, topics of the d&Yj,i!h-theIo*ci tdqomti4 lY. and poll utellience.- With thse "dSandsyTisuesl IS-Peble weekly a ,1rpieMen whSic is minl devTea to spiclian lutieilme,.em. .ILaclg infrast en every to;RcintresbtisytoN;dl~owner sad losr,.o esiainieg & seee of aS. i-wrilten lmd¢ingtclee onx. *1la t-ion snail peab oft ase u ad abroatbsi "'Euo
MOBTAL127 IN M42RYLEB XE. IThe following is ie montbly report-on the health and climate of St. Marylebcne during Ju1Y,1i854 by RoAert Dunds.4Thomson .D. asedil officer ef health for the parhh of Sit. Xarlebone' . '-z - "' The meorti*t fbr J'uly{306) 'aomewhi exceeds -that of aiy of te precedingi months-ef tle present 'year. ,While,' happily, no death fz.a Uox isa occurred, the: amount of nnortality urm ymotio-diseR'e (85) surpassea thit oF,the foregoing monkth by 36 cases. Thc increhasbe'hoen chiefl 'in diarinaamong, children (23 int of 25 cases), 'and typhus fever (18), .tne n2mbeis iu June hiAnnz been from-these Ldiseases respetivelyd andS.&.Coouninptuomi (48) has been morefatal thadn u 3y preoeiding eouSl portion of the yeir. It iilbenoticed, from an. exmntiiton of the mortuary ,tahle,that the, gratp ljo o*n of deaths from this c ompl3int falls between I1 and 60; stil twvo cases are reported lo have taken place under five yes, and two above the age of 60. It is highly problable that any of these deaths would have ~bappened at anear'ier period but for .the mild season, wlhieh has a wondoeful iafluence pr,otiracting life, even when the human machine appea to have been deprived of. itsmst impoztantorgans.' in the doption of preventive' measures 2n refeecie to this disease, the condition of the. atnosphere in respect itsfm:rm inechanical floating matters is most..important. To prevent the dry. dust of the treet dug,smmer fromacquirin otion' and gngaessto theeyessndlung% iuai to-at the streets; 'but it is queionable'whether this custom doe nqt engeder .a orse esut,'bydetaining the manureard allowing it to putrify.. o,he surfAceof the rod. The. Water, vbich by thibs.pmeoemsIsowea to soak into the in-; terstices of the' pavemaent, softOns-lts'binding i steri4 wh ch s'onsteiaetly presse out i,ythe superincumTbent, ,trafll -in. the; .fori f-n adhesive mud. . originates tho. .rew condition of 'ur thoroughfares,:ad reders themnlsuisfe foi,the fo ni ofhors 'adalmostimpassable' for foot paswenga,rs. ,;urig sumnier,tdo,.the odour risin'g' up. froniourm ore densely crowded dtree after)eing frehy watredis someRimee over;o, -ering TQobviate these objec. tionab2l sanitary conditnon4 the suggestion moade in 'a former rep6rtof washing the -ved thoronghfaes bas been to some -extent acet upon =n Oxford-str et, and its prc! tiCA\;£imtia mWale- favourableimpreion O thos whose officeitwould be to.carr-o tihe p using'. hose csnnected with the mina. end Suppied with a: distributor similar to-thAt attache&to *lekrngats,h.e expense sf the latter vehicles snight be: supe=sede, ,while the; asinM nt of water required wouldprobably-no xeeda that nosv e;n sloyed.'It ywould be imporltapto-preyeni dust andrubliah fkronlyeng thrown into the: streets by householders, and if the latter would waah every morning the foot pavements a great sanzitary improvement would resul't.. From thie heat of the EeaSOn it is considered proper tointerfere as little as possible-witn oessp~oos ,whbicl llbe . again assailed 'when Their emanations become less volatile. "The following is astMement of the condition of the sanitary works durig the last moth r J]y, 166. ..I l4M, I.. q 185Ir 1,13' . {' The mean heat of'tEe month,in St. John's-wood 62' 7' has been r'2' higher 2 f-intheeorrespondin.- mo fitof last year, and 'Ore than themean of 65 years ( 4'). The highest extreme of he'at, 828' on the'Slat, 85° 7'-td Sthe Thomas's Hoepital,has likewise exceeded at of last year, j 19° ,8', by nodiest haia threodegrees The mean low tam- rerature of the night has'been comtsrative1y elevated,' the! lowest hleat of theEnight ef. the 80th)svinO beeni 62' 8','and ; the m'ean minincurs of the whole Sdnth 54' 6'.~ The weigEt ! of the air dusing the whole. mo,nth has been high, the: lmighest Roint attained bythe'hrome,ter basing bMeen 50%216. Rain fe on five days, lint thie 'quaitity was smalL 1Aght; ,ning was seen ,on- the 16th, 234 and 26th, and thunder heard on thei16th and 26th."
THE BISHOP OF ABA'S LAST P."TOR4,. TO THM EDMP. OF:THE TIMES., Sir,-Theceordial under.tndinig tpresent exiig betten France and England is threatened:with disturbanee. ial wy and by persons thau neither countiy would hardly sus.l pect. The dangerous patiesAre the ministersof a religion,l the coming of whose :Great-Younders;wa ushered in as, "Peace on earth and goodwllt *vardlimnei."- Now, the most precious- hostages which a family or ai nation can give to another are their children-their delight,i theirpride, their comfort, their- hope; England confideQ handredsof such precious hoslageato.thekeeping of Frsi,c and -certain E.renchmen-let us*'rather call - them ;tl7iraJ montanes-have ventured to put forth most extraodienary sentiment4s with reference to their juvenile guest,s;:roir Britain. andthose who receive-them beneath their roof.: ,ost readers of ne Tinus maust have observedUtwiced a-year, in Ju ne and December, numerous advertisement from - French schoolmasters and. mistresses, principall resident in Boulogne-sur-Mer, Calais, and Guines, but als intowns scattered over the whole of the rorth of France1 -These advertisements are.addreesed ito English parent whose business compels them ta live in hondon, thoiigh many pupils comefrom- the-inland.-counties to swell the ranks o! these educatio al establishments.: Hav re ind ijt neighbourhood niany invite American childien and very manyyoungpersons, both white andtcoloured, cross the Atlantic to receive intruction -as boarders in ,ormandyment. of the -asie-Calis - anda the little folks whomJ their relations send to :learn French, and any other: knowledge they can pick up 6-. the t south side-of the ChanneL Nor is it now. our .intention Ao say more . of the schools themselves than that the cnildren,: as a general rule, are well fed- ani-ldiadly -treateda that they - enjoy more air and exercise thian thoi can-have either in thpe -metropolis or in our Large. ma facturing towns, such as. Leeds or !anchester ; and, s. sit indispensabie conditioa which every common-sense Englishman would take for granted, that their religious profession, as Protestasts, is strictly respected Tne childaen.attend'Protestant plaiesdf worship-" temples," as they:are called, have free possession of and access to Bibles and church of England Prayer-books, - besides other works of an evangelically religious teudency, and are visited from time to time by,English. chaplains fdr the purpose of ratechizg prep~;ation for the Protestanit rite of confmation, and religious instruction in gene-ral, in accordance with the reformed faith held by their forefathers. -All this has hitherto gono on smoothly for some yers past, with the full consent and aid of the masters and mistresses of these p in9oicn tsa themselves Catholics in tlie vastnmajority; and the system has worked satisfactorily But it.has seemed good to Monseigneur Parisis, Bishop of as Boqlogne, and St. Omer, to address a pastoral let.rtr to his clergy, and to theq.alone, complaining of a disorder, resulting from the indifforentism-of- the epoch, which has arien in the iixed -schools (Eeolei rixtes)-that is to say. the houses of education wherein two contradictory worships aresimuln.neouslytaught, honoured, and professed. The' bishop maks no allusioh to the colleges, or schools of tie State, whose constitution- is independent of 'those whs direct- them immediately. ' It-is a. great misfortune, he thinks, that the State, contrary *to his constant opinion, 5bhould compel the admission of members of all sects of-religien into it8 houses of education. - But, on the other hand, when an institution is free, -h urges. an.d ha especially has ia view certain gizls-schools-namely, at Bohlbgne and St. Omer, whera the. person who is its p'o nrietor and direefress kws the pcwer of putting it into vrhat_ ever conditions- she please, both in respect to the exercises (religious), the stedies, the metAod, and the personal sup+r -intendence; and when- the instructress of youth receives into the society ef children, who are Catholics lika nerself Protestant girls, to whom 'he Dromises to give, or to cause Io be given, a complete Proestant education;when, inriact, these pobr bereties (texual) a.e obliged, by the express-. and -ebutinuAlvwill of the C.holic directress, to:learn the' he'tical - cateehism,- to. study heretical blooks, -t attend the -hereticrl temple,- in suchw thlat she childrea woidldbh Ireaking the rules of tho hoase if they did not o -so- the bishop asks himself, first,, if such a person, habituslly co-' operatingin such reprehensible a hs, can still be admitted to the sacraments of Ged's Holy Church; second y if it*s not' the duty of pastors of - souls to keap, by every leOitimate -meas CatholEc children from the sehotest 'approrcdh fo -these deadly (funestes) tstablssnents. Enough of this lengthy pastoral has beei given to-show intericly infolerant -soirit. On perusing it wnebebold, in -our mind's eye, faggot 'arid stake, g:straw arid .ins o 3ngl- powder, blaiTg andsmohig inthenotfar-efdsstance In-short, it counsels the excomnunicatio of -Catholc teachers who take charge of Protestant children without nevertsnthem from the faith- in which they were born. It hs g4ien greatpm an or a pain, 'to manyconscientious schcolmistresses, themselves sincere disciples of Rou&, but who-still wish to fulfil their duty to the parents of chidr-n of other creedls. It- has roused a storm of indiguation among persons connected with the' instruction of yosth througbthie?as-de-Calais. Trueeit is that there arepob' threeother bishops in France who would affii thegna- turo and their sign Of the cross to such a parsecuting'ddc'cumient; but the point which concerns us is that M6rs6igdenr Parisiss see is the onle wherein alm6st-all the mixe4 schools receiving English children are situate. Were -he BusiO 'o Toulon or Strasbourg his' pecidiarities would b conipwa tively o little consequence. - - Butthepastoral, atbottom, treats sherely of a busijiess question,.anaffhirof the,ehop everythingphas it5 nerentileS7oct, and ao-has this iti3sa move to drive ppIls tothe Naison du, Sacr- Cceur, at St. Pierre lae Cis, weis is bcsng ereete4n a:mcegntSchscale; If th-e Badm:)tof Afro. is abl to carry out his Vie"1s he will prove himseif mote' powerfulAthaa the Emperor of the 3'zetch..seone i atily' desiresltho intimate and cordi all;ace of the English ation; the'other ill :impl'de it ii themeet 'ffectusl Wy tht the'wit' of man canposibYdivig !d}Engiend ouiEuegead- : Queenl owho iwrote bo .rainpaut -biisojK " Pro.ndlpel;,. ii you duso and se, byiod, ii.w ._ In 1r u.- - !.' ,rhite5PrPisanay perhps -so day :FATrh*znb o~ basa rlei of easx niiW. - -- - -:, - .-1v:&& l VAIXI T~O..F ~ ; '.
WEsT=sTM Bmpqo_.-Last eveninnfg (Thuursday) an adjournod meeting of tho vestry of the parish' of St. Mlry, ihnabeth, was held azt the veftry-hall, Kennington. green; when the report of'DIossrs. llendel and Simpson,^ with reference to the iiewv5Westxinuster-bridge, was brought umder.the consideration of the- vestry by M'r. F. Doulton,-- MXi. Plew*s, Mr. *R. ,Ta'lor,. and& others. It:wiis'stated th'at 'the,proposal contained - in 'the 'report of xiossrs.xEendel- and &impson to stop' entirely tho thdoifghfar-- over Westmnster-bridge duMinp'g period of five yea±s whilo .the, new, bridge was being consfriictd,, and to" provide. for the trafflo-by diverting it- over'a neii.-bridae to bo orected. .between the llorEeferry-road *nda Church-atreet, Lambeth,'was one .saIculated,to 'infliect:enormcum injury. -upon the inhabitants, of lambeth, and to eause very great' 'incoiivenience to the jublic gen"eralIl', Attention was db callned'to the prseent angerous coohdition of-the old baidgebypeverslofifa s4ports.havlngbesii cut nway inpibceed-t ,ngwiththe newbridge,4from-which therevas a' i'sk of-- -hEe bnge'giviig Way, and prodicini eQs cf ife ahd injury:i .t the pblic, and ,that by such- a cavnity a total stoppage' ,of tche ,trsac would. occur iwithout any. provision-havingbeen i&de~ -.for - it temporary accommodation., :' The avigition of tche' river, it- .was. stated, was prejudicially -ifected. by .the present state of' the old . bridge, ,*om!the' greater inumber of -the-'arches :beiu- entirely or' , pa*1y . stopped 'nup.. - 'coas 'cniderd- iltat after t e eiarioua co,mlictees and ,X cOsnion cspecisll- pointed. -had reported.that tho present site was thebest for the neW bridge, and that those'decisions had been-affirned by PFar li,ament, and thb awrks actually cominericed forL'thb naew, ~bridge, and. 8O Oi0 . 'expended,'as well ass the AsinrabeenE .overnment on' the' occasionk' of-the sale, of the'West-mjinster-'rid'e prpeprty th'at the site would not be iltered, the. inhabifanite. of xInmethconsidered. theWmselies. iecurd' rsfrom frrth6r delays ,or interference on,the sebject. -Resolb-. tions founded on tho above were'agreed to, 'and a cormiett'f eight memnbers of 'the v6stry was' appointed-to consider and report on the best means t6 be adopted', to pr6vent th - rewommendati'oji of the' rn s, b bemg ope d tog preventd effect to stop the traflic, over Wesfrminster-bridge. - in' - -- S s.IB TDS. rdpw -of- 600, tih children. of the qagEd ward gge&'-1;holf Industry,' Spia- . ' field, w *ere . conveyed-by the Esaldii onnt,ies Raiiway t, , 'the Forest, .afew daysince,' at the epen&(as in formnei; -- yew.rs) of R.MH E. Gurney. uv:an,of. the' e ts 'of tbh. .cbildren.wer,e,- thro,igh-the,.'ib&iitA 5.trhzdke aid !Duche,ss of Grafton, permitted.to. ancomnpan ythehibildrei -e5s'this'-pccaasien. .It as, perhap-ssne6dleys -to'say, that allt .partdolo of-the liberal supply of good. thigs 'whicb had'. been provided&for them wth'evident' A aetion,4nd wit,h :in-appetite auited totho occasion. : The bo - ; gl, -nounced both 3Ur. gurney iand tho fei. fist-Ate,.w -the paxeta wore wniAimouxIn the deUnrtio6'its'bei' ; the bappieebf day w have E*n. fo'-Leau .Tho; eorn. - ,slittesiaOPeW ;With- the,-aesata|ce-,,of- $b#'ibSv,e' aad,obr gLsaer'cea iends of'th co-or-ofrE^pitalEsdds.-to. :sattoetndj the-sin i 1dfiedd tbe:hiWA'" '. ;maay roe o.thes wFho at prset is bu,t £ew pSiostj& < ,I4I- i>MEiOn*heDf Svtb, , -
3~IL'AY ND )JAVAJLINTI.LG, NB A letter Eroln ur Mfalta correspondent, dated August 10, teatains tho following news con,nected vith the army and `1ILr a' esty's stnam-transport Sinimom ari-uved from Gibri%I on the 6th. TheMauritias screw steam-transorS iexiec'd on the sm:o day, also from GibraltarI n"oThe Charity steam-transport ariTved from Portsmouth 3n the C-tb. "The Herefordshire saling- transpott left for EnglaId on etho 29th, conveying 13 officers, 371 non-commissioned fi;cers and privates. . "The Alms sailing transport, with Government sbores, laft for England on the 2d. - "The Willizm Butt steam-'transport arrived on the 27th Jnly, fromConstantinople with nalval stores, and left for Portsmouth on the 28th. "The Goneral- Codrington steam-transport, with stores, arrived on the 27th from Constantinople, -and left for: England o the 28th. I"The Madagascar steamtransport arrived-from Beyrout en the 27th, andleit for England on the 29th. - - " "The Simla steamtansport arrved on the 28thirom cutari, bringing Calin B.oseasor,-RN., of the transport service, Major Gardiner, 40 other officers, and 273 non-com- nissioned officers and privates, of various regiments. I Her Majesty's steam-transport Urgent arrived from constanctinople on the 2roh - "The Gibraltar ste3m-transport arrived from Ballava, Scutari, and Gallipoli, on the 28th. "gThe Laperial steam-transport arrived fzom Constantiaople on the 29th. *The AIbatross steam-transport arrived on the 30th from Constantnople, and left on the samne day for Gibraltar and England. "Herllajesty's screwY steam gunboat Fancy arrived on , the 3Qth from the Bosphorus. - " The Benvick steam-transport arrived from the Dardanelles on the 30th.-- "er Majestyfsfrigate Leanderarrived from Buiukdere on the 31st of July, and left for England on the 3d of A igusts "BaZer Maeosty's screw steam-transport Assistance arrived -from Constantinople on the 2d, and left for England on the -ith. " Her Majesty's screi steam-transport Resolute arrived from Constantinople on the 4th, having on board RearAdmiral the Hon. Frederick Grey, lieutenant Sir Malcohn MI'Greor, I. N., Mr. Jennings, B.MN, Secretary; Mr. Brady, of the Admiralty- Captain Powell, RN., ieatenant-Colonel. SiUery, 18 other nilitary officers, 612 non:-commisioned oLicers cnd pr.vates of various regiments. - "The Riverdale, sailing transport, arrived on the 6th from Scutari, with gunpowder, bombs, and other -war stores. : "Thee French Admiral, Penaud, formerly in command. of the Baltic fleet, who has been stationed since the peace at Malta, to expedite the transit of troops returning from the Crimea, took his departure on the 29th of July in the Brandon French Government stean-sloop, for Toulon, accompanied by his staff and family. " ThelaasbellaCroll, screw steam-transport in the French sesvice, left for Marseilles on the 30th, with 110 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates. "The Zouave, English steamer in the French transporb service, arrived from Constantinople on the 3d,- bringin 156 officers, non-commissioned officers, and--privates; and left for Marseilles on the 5th. " Between the 26th of July and 7th of August 25 vessels, -sehiefiyNorwegianand Englisharrived from the Crimea and Constantinople with barley, oats, flour, rice, wines, spirits, biscuits, preserved meats, and other French Government stores. 'Al with barley went on to Cork, as did some of the ethers. The rest to Marseilles and Algiers. " The Tunisian Government stesm-sloops Minos, bringin lientenant-General Redschid Pasha and suite, with 550 officers, rank and file, and the Beghi, with the Kaimakan Colonel Doran, and 393 other offiicers, rank and die, arrived from Constantinople on the 31st of July; and on. the sae day the Tunisian Government steamer Mfandur, from the samne port,, bringing General Sonsmano, 24 other officers, and 715 ran "The Ottoman Government steam-sloopsVassittaiTigjaret, having on board Emin Bey, 15 other officers, and 829 rank and file; and the Ussain Tevert, with 601 officers, rank mand file, arrived from Constantinople on the Ist of August. - Tho whole of these Ottoman and Tunisian vessels ot war left again for Tunis on the 2d of August, and reached their destination on ths- 3d, one of the steamers having aeccdentally ran down and snk- a French vessel from Sicily, with sulphur, savinz however, all hands. "TheWydases Ee1nch postal steamer arrived from Constantinople, Smyrna, and Syra on tha 30th, bringing 57 French and 21 Swiss officers, non-commissioned officers, and pivates, and left on the sane day for Marseilles. "The Peninsalar and Oriental Company's steampacket Indus arrived from Southampton and Gibraltar 'on the .20th. "Thea il French postal steamer arrived from Marseilles on the 3d, and left for Syra, Smyma, and Constantinople on the same day, whence the Tha=or pustal steamer arrived on the 6th. "The Melita screw steamer arrived from Liverpool and Gibraltar on the 27th of July, and left on the 29th for Syria mnd Constantinople; " The Arnenian screw steamer arrived from Liverpool on the 5th. "The Bey-rout screw steamer arrived froiim Alexaandria orn the 6th, ana on the following day the British Queen screw steamer from the same port. "TheEnglish ship Wagrams arrived on the 29th of July from Baakava, Vith wines and spirits, and left for London line wa zegimens-jrnnce oI ly ,ams), conswscag o - Z:O of ficers, and 750 men, under the command of Colonel Robin, son have arrived at Aldershott, from Gosport. The depOt of the 4th Regiment, consisting of 12 officers _nd 505 men, under the command of Captain Cocks, has arrived at Aldershott, from Sonthampton. The depot of the 77th Regiment, consisting of 16 officers and 263 men, under the command of M-ajor Ceaden, has arrived at Aldershott, from Southampton. The 33d Regiment (Duke of Wellingtones) consistig of 24 officers and 618 men, under the command of Colonel Johnzon, C.B., has left Aldershott for Dablin. T'he steam-transport Cumberland, No. 151, Captain Rivers, arrived at Spithead yesterday from Constantinople and Malta, with Captain Burnett, R-N.; Lieutenants Scott and Bainbridge, RN..; and Mr. Secretary Bine, MNIT. The Pelham Commissariat transport, yo. 60, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East with returned - provisions. The Cruiser Commissariat transport, Mo. S7, Captain Miller, with Commissariat stores, &e, arrived at Spithead yesterday from Constantinople. The Gertrude sailing-transport, No. 50, arrived at SpitJnead yeseday from Constantinople, Malta, and Gibraltar. She left the latter station on the 3d of Augnst, withpowder, rdnance stores, and the following passenges :-mr. Brace, Deputy-Assistant Commissary-General; Messrs. little Eaker, Haggarty, Thompson, Griffiths, Mills, Martn, WooL-ton, Treadwel, and limcimon. The French squadron of intruction, under Commodore Barbet, left Spithead yesterday for Bred. The mercury cutter, Lieutenant Robinson, - arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from the Channel Islands, and sailed again in the afternoon. Her Miajesty's steam troop-ship Perseverance, Commander WPDonald, Was taken into the steam basin at Portsmouth yesterday to refit. The Hightlyer, 21, Captain Shadwel, C.B., is getting on exceedingly well with her outfit. All her petty officers have been selected, and the nucleus of a first-rate crew. At the monthly examination of officers to qualify for promotion, and of candidates for entry into the fleet, which terminated at the Royal Naval College, Portsmouth, yesterday, the following passed:-Mates, M.N., for lientenanits-C. D. Inglis, J. C. Tucker, V. Willieams W. Moriarty, J. P. Swann, C. J, D. Oderaine, C. P. Bushe, IL S. Perceval, F. W. Charteris, J. F. G. Grant, . J. 1odgson, the Ron. %. Fitz CLarence, F. W. Richards, G. F. Cottam, C. Bl, C. P. Boger, J. P. Gardiner, the Hon. C. IL C. Crofton, A. H. Gilmore, C. G. S. Stanley, F. Jones, C. E. Burlton, and J. W. G. Dawson Damer. Secoad Masters, RLN,, for Masters-W. HL Park-er, R. Hr lnaden, W. J. Mayne, and W. Haydon. For Na,val CadZet-J. C. Burnell, A. B. Thomas, G. A. W. Birch (these three passed in the order written, from the preparatory nval establishment of Mr. P. Eastman, R.N., Southsea), :E. E. Foster, C. P. M. Gordon, J. P. Bayley, and T. B1 Ham-lton. For Masters AssistantsB.-H G. U. Walh, JT P. Cookes, and H. D. Shortt. The stea-transport PauifiC, Mo. 8, W. C. Thompson, commander, with the 95th Regiment on board, reached Dublin at noon on Wednesday, after a very rapid rn from Portsmouth. Two three-mnsted gunboats, the Camel and Confounder, arived at Wo0lwich yesterday morning from Deptford; and eCmlraked the crew and officers of Her Majesty's steame, Widgeon. They thence proceeded down-the river to Gravesend on trial of the machinery. The paddle-wheel steamer Banshee, 2, Lieutenant Pike 'c nding, which arrived off Woolwich yesterday, is to be admiitted into the fitting basin to-day to return stores. eec., preparatory to being paid off. Dr. HughJameson, late of Ber Majesty's ship Wallesley, las succeeded Dr. Bronming in the medical deprtment of the adckxd at Woolwich, Dr. Browning having been admisted on the superannuation list, and retired from that capacity. The fr4ight ship Brightaan, in addition to her proposed .rgo of amuaition and other ordnance stores, embarked 40 tons of buffalo robes, and sailed yesterday from WooL -wict for Halifax. Tin John-Masterman, sailing transport, C. T. 2Mo. 161 *,rvrA at Woolwich yetesday morning from the East, with 40) tiQns of powdCr and the clearing out of . Scutaxi a-aazin-r, And is discharging at the floating stores -in thse rrivcz. - The tra art (o. 25) Courier, CaptainlJames Allen, vwitha general cargo cg ordnance - stores from -'he Crimes ,rrived at WVcolwnh-esteGFd&y mrorning. - e transport Robert Low left Woolrsich yesterday for De ford to discharge e i8rores, the remnant of her carg fom tho East. - Me (leorge Rogers transpor is s;i).7 Jo e discharged the servc& 4 ipphg trsports James W at id Jgb Campbell e 3andei t ittinp " Id an e isehargea the ser,ice .V - The tnsport ship Burl igton, Captain William nton,from C¢rfe. arrived at Woalwich on Wednesday night, havi:lnz o board Captain Ragge,. his wife, -.and family, Apbain Relly, Captain Chflds; Lieutenant Lemesurier, wife, ad :family; Lieutenant Maertin, Lieutenant Good- geog StalAss:-stantuSurgeon Jones, 269 noon*commissionsdmEce;a and privates o} the Royal Atillery and Royal Sap. pers and Miners. The Burlington sailed from CoDrf on the 4th of July, and entered Malta.Harbour on'the 10th, where she anchored, two days, and ailed thence on the 12th. She: arrived at Gibraltar on the 29th, and sailed on the following day for Woolwich, whereahe arrived on Wednesday. ! The freight ship Chapman, in the East IDia Docs, ig tahing a ca-go of ammunitioand ordnance stores from Woolwich for -New Zealand, and is likewise to embark some troops for Auckland. OnK Weanesday morning, between 8 and 9 o'clock, four officers, eight sergeants, and 153 rank and file, withl 22 horses belongig to the Royal Artllery, arrived at. the 1;orthl-wall, Du;blin, from eeds, v.d Liverpool, in the Prince and' Princess, Dublin' Company's steamers, for Ballincolig Artillery'Brracks, county Cork. Captain~ J.ailie and Captain J. El. Chads, belonging to the depOt of the 5th FRusileers at the Provisional Battalion, Chathama, have been ordered to hold- them3elves irn readiness to embark forthwith to join the head-quarters of their regiIment in the Mauritius. Thefolloving officers have arrived at the General Hospital, Fort Pitt, Chatham, for the purpose of performing medical duty at that establishment :-FirstClass Surgeon T. C. G. Tice, T.D.; Second-Class Surgeon T. Guy, MLD., who has been ordered to be attached to the Lunatic Asylura, Fort Pitt; and Assistant-Surgeon G. C. Clery. 1'he Roman Catholic Bihop of the district has given notice of his intention to hold a condirmation at the Roman Catholic Chapel, Chatham, this day, for thepurpose of confirming those tro4ps stationed at Chathanm who may wisb to avail themselves of the opportunity, and permision has been granted to the troops to attend for that purpose. A detachrnent of Crimean convalescent invalids, to the number of 11 men of all ranks, left Chathanyesterday morning, having been discharged from the service, and w/ere forwarded to their respective homes at the expense of the Government. A party of non commissioned officers accompanied those men who vere blaid or helpless& The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:-; * Lientenant W. T. F. Jackson, to the Edinburgh, Richard Browne, master, to the Cornwallis; George 1iCorry, second master, to the Centurion- Bernard B. Dewling, second master, to the Princess Royai; Benjamin D. Connor, second master, to the Conqueror; James H. Lawrence, second master, to the Edinburgh; John B. Scudamore, second master, to the Algiers ; Henry Bond, second master, to the Royal William- Valentine F. Johnson, second master, t tihe Ajax *RotertJ . C Grant,second mase, to the Impregnable; William H. Moore, second master, to the Hogue - E. L. G. Strees, second mnaster, to the Blenheini;' davi H. HUills, second maaster, to the Ajax; Oscar .Samson, acting secondmaster, to the lirbflyer; Leonard H. J. Hayne, asastant-surgeon, to the Implacable; Walter J. Batler, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Hecate; G. B. Evans, midshipman, to the Princess Royal; ThomassL Woods, midshipman, to the Amethyst; J. F. Chubb, masters assistant, to the Blenheim; IL H. Rusden,' master's assistant, to the Edinburgh; Thomas H. Elliott, master's asistant, to the Centurion; IL G. Garliek, master's assistant, to the Colossus; W.-H. Purvis, master's assistant, to the Amethyst; Samuel J. Gissing, master's assistant, to the Dauntless; Francis J. Gray, master's assistant, to the Princess Royal; Gr gory W. Burnett, master's assistant, to the Conqueror;C. aH J. Baker, master's asaistant, to the Duke of Wellington; W. B. Goldsmith, master's assistant, to the Ajax * J. B. Biddlescmbe, mcaster's assistant, to the Cressy; i S. Vivia.n, mas*er's assistant, to the Mfajestic -J. W. Ashton, master's assistant, to the Royal Albert; i:. ownec Lawr,naval cadet. to the Higbfiyer.
I -- A L P rCOffO. SrR A. ALrSGZPS POLITICA-L ECON~OMrY. TO TBE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Is it not surprising that so voluminous a writer as Sir Archibald Alison, in his address to the Seaham Mechanics' Listitute, reported in your paper of this day, should showhimself tobe so little versedin political economy as to state-L That if the ailver-ndles of America had not beena discovered three centuries ago, "profits would have been diminished," whereas a schoolboy of the present day would tell him that, although the profits in silver coin would have been smaller, the real profits would have remaimed the same, inasmuch as the smnaller amount of coin would command the same amount of commodities as a larger amount of coin would have done before the workdng of the mines? 2. That the application of steam power to production would have entailed misery, desolation, and ruin on the population of the world but for the discovery of gold in California and Austrslia ? Surely, Sir ArchibaldAlison made this assertion-asmanyassertions aremadeoff-handatpbolicmeetings---ithoutthought. Gold is but a representative of value; abundance of it lowers the value of commodities and of labour; but, in the same ratio, he who receives less coin for his commodities and labour, can, in his turn, command more commodities and 1,4- s-W- M-q An a eit is T rp.mpin- R,r- ?ran -l4i.+ oB3 ' eOIMCAL OE66iONuS2M. yTaven-tl-gazdens, Aug. 14.
I sTO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Permit me to point out one or two inaccuracies in your leader of to-day on the San Francisco Vigilance Committee, which, if not corrected,might lead to the belief that the Vigilance Committee was at variance with the Federal authorities which is not, nor is it likely to be, the case. The arms which were conveyed in the vesselboarded by the Vigilant police were the property of the State (deposited only with the 'UnitedStates' General, Wool), and were delivered on a requisition by the governor into the custody of those still calling themselves State officers, and from whom they were wrested by the committee's police. The FederalGeneral,Wool, refosed his assistauce tothe State authorities, deeming the action of the committee an internal political revolution with which the Federal authorities had no rightto interfere, and I hear the President has since confitmed him in his view of the case. Again, Judge Terry (a State, not a Federal judge) drew hlis knife upon Hopkins, the " Vigilant's" marshal, before a shot was iired, and then made off to a place occupied by State mailitia, not Federal troops. Judge Terry acted in supportof the State officers, of which he was one. The Federal Government is far from requiring spaport in Calif6rnin. It relies on that aneration for the UTnion and its framers which exists in- the heart of every citizen of the State now represented by the " Vigilance Committee." I beg to enclose my card, and am, Sir, Your ohedient se.-t, AN OLD RESIDENT OF AITTOR.T?NTA Aug. 14.
SIR CHiRLES BuRtREI, M.P., AN-D ES CONsTIT u Ts.-Yesterday Sir Charles Burrell M.P. for ShorehaI, was entetained at a pLblic dinner at West Grinstead, Un ath aicnl y of thao town, by some 700 or p 00 of his constiuens, ncldin aconsiderable number of the gentry of thne ounty of huss andnnd many others. This venerable gentlemana Conhserv&tcvewhois now in his l 24 -year, ana the.oldet meberof the House, has sat in Paxliament abstely cfor half. a-ceutury (since ING6), and has represente the borough of Shoreham and the rape of Bramnber, in which he and bis family have considerable roperty, and therefore some politieal influence, durwng teno vhole of that protracted interval thout intermission, and the festivhal t was helto commemorate that circumstane, for unrece dented in mprliamentary hbitory, w h one ahe apoiasio into. Irestbeyond the localityinwhich it waselebrated. It took place in a large marquee, erected in West Gainstead park, in imediate contiguity to one of the two seats heIonhing to Sir Charles himrself, in that county. The Chair was occupied by the Ry. John Gorim g, one of the largest landed proprietors in Sussex and resident in the ne3ghbnorhoed hand among the gentlemen o the right and left of the renident, besides the gtEest himself, were Lord A. G. Lemiox, tunP., his colleague in the repreentation; Viscount Pevensey, Maor Bleresford, P. ; Seymour Fitzgerald, M.P afor the madjent boroughx of Horaham; iMer. G. Darby, formerly a representative for the county; Mr. Patrick Robertson, L.P.; the Bishop of Glasgow,Archdeacon Otter, General 1enah, Admial .ir Henry ShiEuer, Mi. Percy Burrell and Mr. WalerfWin&aM Bxrrel, The day was fine, and a great number of people for miles round 'were attrated to the ceremony T he chairman,i r- posing the health of Sir Charles o3rrell, in the coreoAhe evening, stated that ther mneeting was intended asa public recognition of public services, grateftillyackno,wledgedbythe long interalth mriddile- epoftessdwe hi ahr use at all. He hoped tthat their- represnaie would continue to assert his independence for ma?ny a long -year. No eulogiumsof his (the chfirmian) could add lustre to his griy -head, for they were the judges of how he had spent half a century of his life in .their service,. The toast was drunkwith enthusiasm, which was increasd when Lix. Leffer sang" "The Fine Oild - English Gent-leman." Sir Charles Burrell, in responding to the compliment, saidl, he ba always endeavoured to do what he conceivedl to be right for 'his constituents and the public Veal without LfavoUr or aflbction and wihout seeking advantages of anylkind for himself frm eninpower, being content with the position in 'which Goed had placed -him. His advanced years warnd him that he murst leek forward to the time when he should have to, retire from their service; hut their kindness that day refiewed the spirit within him, Land he wouald not turn his hack on-his c.on-.it Aents so lonog as he had health and. ability to do his duty. Adverting to -Mr. Rugk-ison, he said he was; while he lived,- the pole-star to whom he lookAed in the House of Commons, fOr he was no flincher; and never turned his hack on his princi~lcls, and he OSr harles) always stood up for the airicultuie 4f- t M uontya the, ?ain source of its -wealth ands,qf t'he ssence of the people. Several -constitatkid- and loca toasts -were proposeed or responded to do. ti6 entertainmient by?f.. Daxh_ Viscount Peveiise,~ A~ G Lenox,M.~ , CmerI Ken~ah, Admiiral Shiffiner,X. C. Scrase Dioklensi; Major -Beresford, M.F., M(r. PYMOsar F,itzgeral d,- ALP., E~r . S. B iggs, an d cther getIem The dinmser was pro-;ided and.arranged'under theprei superintendeiiee QUMXear; Bathe andFunge, of h ~o Ransaford, Mr. Geage, Mr. Leffigy, and othera; a4Mr. )Eggs vfflieAwd &,e tgzgtgiter.
T XRRLAKD. :- ,-tzxo.om wN* OORKMPONIDWq.1, - DUBLLIN, THURSDAY lfto_N=r. THE GESAT NATIONAL CA7cA E SIIOW. The .ltoidAgicultural Imnprovement Societyheld their annual cattle snow at Athione yesterday. Owmng to the very uinfavourable stat&~ of 'the. weathler during the e'a'rlier part of. the day, ~t1i attenldanlce of visitors wras rather meagre, but-subsequently. the rain having ceased, the show-yard rapidly filled with crowds of spectators from all parts of Ireland. The exhibition of stock of all kinds is descibed a being gsuuallyfine. The fimi prize in short-horned bulls, calved between Jaiianary, 1851, and 1854, was awarded to Giand Turk, belonging to Mlr. Henry Ambler, of Watlijohall,3Halifax. LordClancarty's shclrt-horned roaxi bull, Yiro :3ono publico; took the second prize' The Lord-lieutenant was present, and in the course of the day a congratulatory address was presented by the town commnissioners, to which his Excellency replied as follows:. - ' -- "Gentleinen,-1 begto return my sincere thanl;s to th6 Commissioners of Atblone for the expressions nalike of reqsectful -loyalty and- friendly welcome with which they have greeted me on mn visit to their ancient borough. -Its old and- almost pre-historical-nnse of Ath-Luann,or 'the Ford of -L;n,' the scene of many a struggle between conflicting tribes and jealons races4 affords a striking contrast to the spectacle it now presents, when, as the centre of the inland Co.munication of the kingdom, it has brought thit large and peaceful concourse of its inhabitants together to witness the bloodless triumphs of agricultural industry. X trust that your commnnity will ever entertain the noble resolution of keeping dut pace withthe manifold idvantages of your local position and'the geneal improvement and progress of Ireland." - The banquet took place in the evening. The Duke of Leinster, as president of the society, presided, and the guests comprised the Lord-Lieutenant, the Earl of Erne, Lord Monek, Lord Talbot de Ma'ahide, Lord Clancarty, L-ord 'Clonbrock, Lord Caztlemaine, Lord Clifton, Sir.T. Redinaton, Judge |eoghli and many of. the leading gentay of WestI-meath, 1oscommon, and tha neighbouring counties. The usua loyal toasts having -been given and;Tesponded to, " The Health of the' Lord Iieutenmt" was proposed amid great cheering. His Excellency replied at considerable lengthi and, inter asa; asupplied some highly interesting facts connected with the annual return of agricGlturi statistics which *bave not yet been officially promulgated by the Registrar-General. After alluding to the historic recollections attached to the. :oli town of Athlone, the central garrison of Ireland, Lord Carlisle proceeded as follows --. -:- II "Where could we have placd Irish agriculture upon a morebefittingthrone? lNor 'ars there-wantingsomevery gratifying points of contrast wi th the tunes that have passed7 eway. This same majestic Shannon formerly separated Connaultgh almost as a distinct country from the rest of Ireland. Sometimes, indeed, Connanght was represented as beingone side of a less political alternative Qaughter and applause), vad this very year the most brilliant of historiass has described to uS how that inhabitants of the same realm. guarded these lines, and watched these fords, and reddened thes plains in deadly conflict. (Hear, hear.) Now this same stream washes the confines of ten peaceful Irish counties and benefits them all, and, as on this day, brings together a lrge unarmed assembly to meet in peaceful lists -where there is no more destructive rivalry thauthat between polUed Anguses and Xerzies. (Cheers.) While on the subject of this great river, I mva state 3much pains have been taken of late years to heighten its natural cPapbilities by improving the navigation and by diminisbing the overflow of its banks, to which it was so much subiect; and I am not sure vhether -our great Imperial ally might not borrow sone very useful hints from us as to how to deal with these disastrous inmudations, which on a larger scale have so recently occurred on the banks of the Loire and the Rhone. (Cheerm) But with respect to ourselves, this deepening of the channel of rivers and strengtheng of their courses, and - tho reduction of their waters to their summer level, prepare the way most usefully for t'horotugh drainage, and I rejoice to find how much of that beneficial work is going on over Ireland ger,erally. (" Hear" and cheers.) I have learned thatsince 1848no less than 176,000 acres have been. drained by the Board of Works, and I imagine more than double that area bypri- vate hands; and sub-soil draining and surface drainig on mountain lands have been -attended with like benelcial results to the upland farmer and grazier. Now, I need not point out to the practical and snlightened men who now surround me how all-importart drainage mnst be to a country lhke Ireland, where the insular climate must necessarily cau7se so great an abundance of moisture (hear, hear), and where we cannot always rely on the brilliant sunshine With vhich we were favoured during the last fortnight. Nor can I be debarred, even by the golden promise of the harvest which now gladdens our eyes; from uTging you to bear in mind that what.Naturo in her wise economy seems specially to have fitted this island for is to be the m7other of flocks and herds-to be, if I nay so say, the herd and the day. of the world-to send zations of beef and bales of bacon to our armies wherever they are, whether they are of ?seihfg, upon the distant ridg^, Ort7'thMd,S1Wdl to send 6rldns of butter to every sea and harbour of the habitable globe. (Hear, hear.) Within the Lat 20 years more than a mfllion of Irish acres have been reclaimed from the waste. Tn 1841 to eight millionsof people there were 13,000,000 of cultivated acres in Irelnd Now perhaps morethan a million has been subtracted from the population, and more than a million acres has been added to the cultivated area (Hear, hear.) I wish, however, nottodeal in generalities on a subject of this sort, but will confiine myself to the actual progress as Contrasted between the pres_nt year and that which isumediately preceded it. I derive my information from the very valuable returns eollected by tlie constabulary of this country; and this is a matter in which I conceive that you ir Ireland have got a mnaterial start over your proud neighiious. in England. These returns, as you are well aware, are eollected annually, and, be it spdoken tothe great credit of the Irish gentry, farmers, and people, they are furnished voluntarily, and rare indeed are the instances in Mhich the information requested is not supplied with alacrity and good wlL (Cheers.) Well, Tfimd from these returms, which have no§ yet been given to the public-the time has not yet arrved fortheirlbeing sufficiently maturedforthepurposeI find that, comparing this year with the last, there is a decrease of some amount in the growth of oats and barley, but there is an increase in the growth of wheat of 83,683 acres. The increase in green crops amounts to no less than 114,774 acres; and, though I must admit potatoes are by far the largestportion, yet I amin hopesthatjpotatoesthemselves are grown nov; more as a farmer's crop'than with a view to the exclusive subsistence of the cottier. {Cheers.) The increase in flax, which I am es ecialy glad to learn, covers90,000 acres, and theincrease of thewholeextentundertillage thisyear,as compared with the last, amounts to 65,773 acres (Hear.) So, with respect to live stocl-, the increase in the number of horses amounts to 18,000; of head of cattle to 25,000, of the number of sheep to 90,000. There is a very large decrease observable in pigs, amounting to no less th m u0,000; but it is thought by those who are charged with the ollection of these returns that this is owing to their having been made up at an earlierperiod than usual, for I believe the farmers fenerally like to have their pigs to feed when they have the largest quantity of actnalproauce to give them. However, that is a matter which must be tested by subsequent experience. I have the pleasure of seeing o%posite to me on this occasion a miost ueful publi officer, Mr. Donnelly, and I cannot see him without remembering that both he and I have together striven to -inculcate how much use it would be to effect a still larger destruction of road-side weeds. I do not like to go over ground which I have travelled before, and I believe and hope much has been done, and is doing in this respect. I know that some railway companies have been good enough to give very useful directions on this head, and Ibelieve both they, and grand juries and road con. tractos, and proprietors at large, might do still more. I do not wish at al to treat even the unproductive pauper as a human wfeed-I should be very sorry to represent him in that light-but I am happy to say that this crop shows a great deficiency as compared with itsstate last year, for, upon iqnuiring the numbers in the workhouses, I am bappy to find that m the last week there were 17,771 fewer than in the same week in August, 1855, and there are 1,571 less last week than the week before. (Hear, hear ) Indeed, there is no circumstance in the present social condition of Ireland -which inspires me with more satidaction than what I believe to be the rise, perhaps the gradual bht the general rise, perhaps the slow, but,- I believe, the certain, and, I trust, the permanent rise, in the rate of WagemAnd if there are any here to whom that has a less comfortable bound, I would invite them to remember that low wages by nomeans alw3ys represent cheap labour (loud- cheers), and: tlhat no re,i or deep-seated or pormanent prosperity can be expeted in the country unlent $ss is grounded upon a prosperous and contented teantry. an labourig cldas; and, le a tha itisthu, mid the harmony of classes~, thp co- operation of interests, the blessings of external peace and internal concord that, Itrust the yalAricultual .Society isdesdtinhed to pursue its honourable anheneietcre (Loud cheering)." andeneficent carer.- The other principal speakers were Lord Erne, Lord Clonbrock, Lord Clancaty, iand IL-. JusEce :Keogh. The latter concluded ananimated address in these termns- : There are subjct on _Yhchn _. a ca o mm admit imself to.'be ignorant, questions which, while'they do not trench in any way on theydisputed rens of o cs, on -which we are never at liberty at meetings of thisrmin'd to touch, yet all must know. to be fostered, to be enrouraedl by the exertions of the Royal Agricultural Society of Ireland. They met together with no sel6th ends, except in the most enarged sense in which ill men may be supposed to be atuated by selfih motives-namely,' the' in. creasing -the genetal store of wealth, and improving; the charact, o the country whih they allol ove- Butthis society, meoeting for the purpose of diffuising useful luow. ledge amiing the humblest as well an the highest -clase bt the coaminitr, -edim . the peasantry of 'thn lsand that - iiormantion.-~ whic ii eilculated to improve their condition, and raise them in' the scale of their'fello-icreatues hear, hear)-and surely it is not. ndcesesar for ine or for any one to go outside the limaits of -this room to 'ae4how meetings ch as this are calulated to bringigmen together on occasions when they can assemble without aniy dirnce of pasty or religious confict-and forgetting those opics on rwhichynfortunately they may-difefs com-- e 3inln one common concord for the, ommon benefit of its - cobuha. try. .Snrel also we can s6e initheobenritooasl which have -ade by hisl E3xeeleney thiu & eanng, orie, of tb's mn0iditio asd clearmarksof th-egenrt ofIeaa;* cct.slijit ions, hlow the representative of th |oeeg of sthisreazzacuot Wly.apj o.cb bat 7make <his wa ;into the ceatre of that.proic ofrConnaught, wier*, form3erly, the iepreseatativ of .tboeionarchs of Engl3ad we deSfie;andforbiddento_p&ss. (Hear. bear.) He .an now go there, and can see that hohas secured the aIiance and the afeSebior of thst province withIar firmer bonds than any by which in this. coontry they were secured to any Sovereig,-becaute he wins them by relying on and existing in ,the warm hearts and teider affections of th people. (AppLlase.YV" ; 1RE I AVi% SQUIADRAN XT CORK., - The accounts from Cork this morning announce that the 31ips of xwar the Wellington, tne Conqueror, gun-boat, and the Adoairalty yacht Osborn, retuned to Queenatown onTaesday, ifter having cruised -westward to Bantry-bay. Their Lordships left their yacht to visit Killarney and returned byf3ie mid-day train on Wednesday. A munber of t;he offloial; of Cork and Quenstown. were tobe entertained that evening by: their Loidshins at the: Queeni's Hotel. . - THE FUINDS.- Three per Cent. Consuols, 93i ; ditto for accoant, Sept. 312, 95A u .4 ITe* e ree per Cent. Stock. 95$ A; ditto, foraccount, Sept. T,. 95jl; BankSt ck,228; FoarpereCent. Dablinand Esngstow ia ailWay Debentures of 1001., ICO; Rojd Bank, 221; City of Diblin SteamPacktt Company, of 001., 63; dito of b0Z. 81.; City of Dablin Steam Packet Company of 1536,30i; South Dev.on Consols, 3l2s. Gd. Xaslya.- Cork and BMnd6n, Eightbs; 5. per cent. preferenoe, 5; Dubliii ad Belast, 48i ;.ditto for account, 4S- Dundalk and Enniskillen, 1qj; Great Sonthern and tWestern; 58A; ditto 4.per cent, preference, paid in full, 19~ 20; Xllarney Jnnction; :W1; WVaterford and KiLkenny, 66; Waterford and IdLneririt, S per *cent, preference, 46h; 'Waterford and l}amore, 10. * _ _ __ _ _ __ _ _
THE -ART TBEASURES EXHIBZTION. The foundations of the new palace at Old Traffora, Man. chester, for the Art Treaaues E{xhibition, 1857, having been laid, the ceremony of " raising the fiirst pillar," as it is termed, wvas gone throu;gh at 5 o'clock ou Wednesdy eveningwiththeussal-formalities. Mr. ThomasFairbain chairmanof the executivo committee, had consented toundertake the task, and there were present on Ahe occasion, Mr. James Watts, mayor of Mtanchester, and a member of the executive; Mr. Stephent Heelis, mshyor of Salford; Messrs. E. Potter, W- Efitwistle, T. Aslito, jj Heron, S. J. Stern, members o -the executive committee; William Rayner Wood, Edward Westhead' LJoseph Simp. son, E. Grundy, H. Bury, Thomas Goadshy, anid the Rev. -Canon Bichson. There were also present :-31r. J. D. Young {representing the contractors); Mr. E. Salomons, the architect; Mr. W.:C. Deane, the general commissioner for the exhibition; Mr. C. H. MInchin, secretary- and -Mr. W. Dredge,'superintendent of the works. it was intended to invite the whole of the subscribers to the guaiunteefund,andother influential individuals; butthe arrangements had to be made too hastily, in consequence of lHr. Fa}bairn havin- to leave towsu for the necessary axrangements to be mane. The MAYOR of Manchester preseated a silver trowel tc Mr. Fairbairn, as a soursir. of the occasion, at the re9uest of Mr. J. D. Young, and his worship in doing so said he was sure that aU present would join him in bearng testimony to the ability displayed by Mr. Fairbairnin al mat ters connected with the undertaking they were now met practically to commence. (Asplause.) Having asssted to place tihe base of the pillar in its Mr. F.uBAAI}, after receiving the trowel, spread some cement upon the brickwork, and, the iron base havinS been lowered, he acourately adjusted it. He then said,-Mr. Mayor, ladies, and gentlemen,-I could have wished that it haddevolvedupon some person of higher anthorityand greater eloquence than myself to perfora the duty of to. day, for! have really no claims to the distmction of mny present position other than those derived from an early connexion with this great undertakdng and an earnest desire for its most complete success. We are met to inaugurate a trfulygreat work. (Hear, hear.) Manchester, in identify. ing itself with that work, has publisliedto the world anothes great fact; and I feel that the credit and the charactes of this intelligent community are very deeply interested is the result of the next few months' labours of the executi.ve comittee. Within a ver short period-one that may be rockoned by weeks only-under the sldlful hands of oni architect and of the energetic and enterprising contractors, a temple dedicated to the fine arts will rise from this grounre such as neither our own country nor any other, per haps, has yet seen. (Hear, hear.) It wil not nvi the Vatican, either in its stateliness or its solidity it will not compare with the Lousre in the gorgeoun splendour of itsinternal decorations; but I say most emn phatically that, in one respect, it w be more magnificeni and wonderful than either the one or the other. (Hear hear.) For, while the mluseum of the Eternal City slway. has been, and will continue to be, the appropriate depositor of thediscoveries and the accumulated treasures of ages-an( the Louv.-e, that magnificent palace of mnodernParis, con talus within its walls the honourable trophies of succeasfo warfare and the purchases of an Imperialexchequerthis building and its contents willrepresent,infact,th achievementsofaverylimitednuuoe.rof persons,backedonl by the public spirit and earnestness of a single and a pro vncial community. (Hear, hear.) We come single-hande almost to this greab work, ana yet I believe that the dr Treasures Exhibition of 1857 willrove tot {BAetA5 unvpA ic a unsi any noble purpose or-t aid in the development of a great"dsign. (Hear, hear.\ l us refervery briedy to some of the advantages that will us doubtedly ow from this undertaking. There can bean doubt that to the connoisseur of cultivated taste and prac. tised eye we shall be able tooffer a treat of the very highes character; that to the art student and the arst e shal open a great lesson-book, which will be of infinite value t4 them, and it may be-I hope that it will so prove-that stat will be given to an educational movement for the im provement of our national taste in design. (Hear, hear. Bet these, I apprehend, were not the only nor yet the mail objects of the promoters of this exlubstion. Bar above then all Iveuture to place the permanent benefit which will t instilled, slowly but surely, into the minds and characten of the great maises of our population-(hear, hear)-fron theirassociation with the beautiful forms and refined idea vhich are to be discovered in every work of true art (Hear, hear.) Hundreds of thousands of the people oi lancashire and Yorkshire will by tiis exhibition havi afforded them some of those advantages which foreig travel places within the reach of those only who havi leisure and wealth at their disposal. And precisely as ni one, whatever his rank or intellect, can visit foreign scene without improvement, and without learning something C° the lesson of humility, so Itrast that the throngs who wii crowd these halls will retire from them wvith their thought! elevated, their ideas refnned, and with a more tolerant dis position inu judgig of the works and the motives of theib relow-creatures. (Hear, hear.) I beg most cordially t thank-the contractors, Messrs. Young, for the handsom memorial of this day, which has been presented to me b3 the mayor; and with all myheart I say, -EavG,oz prosper the undertaking I" ("Hear, hear," and apy . hr. HEERS (Mayor of S&ford) aenressed the pleas= wbich he felt in the anticipation that the undertaking noe commenced would not be of an euhemeral character. Wher first the scheme was broached be was surprLed by the vast ness of the conception, for it seemed to him something thai could never be achieved; but the more he had thought ol it, the more had he become convinced that the thing corld be done, and that it would be eminently succesf in al its objects and purposes. Not. only so, bat he believed thaI the amount of money it ,would raise would enable itspro moters to establish some institation for the permanenl benefit ofgenerations to come. (Applause.) This portion of theproceedings was then closed by three hearty cheers for the exhibition and three for the contrac tors. Those who had been present at the eeremony then as. sembled in a pavilion, in which a cold collation had been prepared by the contractors. Mr.Youhg occupied the chai and Mr. Salomons the vice-chair. The CHAansaas.,; proposed tshe queen," remarking that he was sure everyone present wonld join him in the earnest wih, "M-ay MAnchester next yea be againgracedand honouredbyherpresence." (Loud cheers.) He regretted thecircumstancethatonly24hours had elapsed since the ceremonyhadbeen resolved upon, and, that the harried arrangementsnecessitatedbycircumstances had prevented invitations being sent to all the subscribers to the guarantee fund, as had been intended. t The toast having been dnly honoured, the Cz.atusRx. proposed "His Ployal Highness Prince Albert," which was drunkwithloudeheers. Itwasfollowedby" The Mawor towhich Mfr. James Watts respxinded; and "The Chai man of the Executive Committee." Mr. T. FA3RnAMN, in responding to the latter, said the committee had worked most harnsoniously together, their bend of union being an earnest desire to Momplish the get work they had uidertaken in a manneratisftActory to the communiity and creditable to the originators. (Hear, hear.) He must express the hearty thanks of the committee forthe ready ass-.stanoe they had'received from different quaters. HisPoyal Highness Prinoe Albert had proved imnself their warmest friend and best supporter, and it was ossile to acknowledge too warmly the interest which he uemrtalin (Heaer hear.) Althou h not ign work.his xrhoyalgh ad ia though comei ey when application was ~~mad to Her Mjsyfrassac fromthe oyalgalerie it ouldbe eeadianmoteec volntersof ll ans.T agreatnumnber of caae application bdnotbe needed, in order to secure the most cordial expresOns of approvaland symp4thy, combined with 'offers of moat lvalnable andpractical assistance. (AXpplausaej The comunittee wished it to be knxown that the designs for the building having been submitted to public oompetition, that which had. been chozenx was selec-tedl because it was considered the best for the urpose Contemplated. The cornmaittee bad been influence by no other consideration than what4ies]gn was best suited for the display of works of at cobied wreithd the ustiOns of Satisfactory erection within the rescibedlimlits of tine ard cost. (Hiear. The coalmittee believed thaLt tor Mers;m young was duiethe credit -of olvng'hejeetin; atid what thos.en~etleme.propoged was adopted, thef bLein afterwards A, &a in the architeOj. turat dsrpartuienE yli.aoMons, of Manucheeter, whose ability ha alreadb ,ad noi doubt would be stililafr., ther, maIirifested i conuiexion with the work. (Hear, hear.) MEtEcvrs rop~osed " The Contractors." Healue with pleasureto ta readiness anhdhih apluedi catins-wre snt i.i' Compliance with the invitations of the commiftlee,. the public spirit manifested -by those who: cnort them in 'and h a rds.l gnrlysriea, The teak of ;eletionjra een andoneroge ne,bu, hie e withidben nn te tm d atta flad benlihe6d'trsnonh 'd etta h orjsiinbd desi hgn i ping wlihich- the main- onidardaion must have - been* d2aLre to 6devote-their alenet to and oeameo:. iheir namesith,A greit public undertaking. (Har.1,; The CA1IRMA, in reep6ndinJ,vzid- the frm was uiid in heavy penalties.as-tot.be compieion 'ofitheWilding, such, in fact s notliing could -have justified their aubsitn to except an entire confidence that they coild hand over the buildin t the'timefxed in iF mnext. - Hear, heas.' .MT. = ,o (town Crk) proposd "The Health of .Salomon," towhomthey ere rgely indebted}or f the beautiful drawings of the exhibition bi w tht graced therzooro. B t -it- :-nwis nio comsidertiMon 'of hat wags a beautiful pictdire thaeinfluenced the executive committee in: their decision. Whenthey-examined the plvas they felt that in tliose aulbmitted Me syoungiwerecomiunedthe requirementesmeessato secnre th.e -bject -invirew. Speaking generally as sto the eiteriors submitted in the differnt plans, the coniniittee, aehid beensiid, werever*imuchin.the poitioni of " having to chhoose between .oneboier and tree ioilers"-(aughtr),; bnt theyfelt that theinterior was the importantpoint, nan having aPon that iconeideration come .to thedecision that -Messrs. You'6rs-design wa the beet, they were now very much indebtea to Mr. Saomons for the artistic skill which he hid brought to bear in worldin out thething. '(Hearhear.) lot onlyi this reSpeCt werethey indebted to Mr. Salomons, but also for the services he had since rendered tothe conIrictrs ando thecommittee aid there could be' no doubt that before the completi6no# the work the 'obligations to'. Mr.-i Salom6ns on the part -of' al conceinedwould be greatly increased. (E[eer hexr.) As to the exlibitioi generally, the-execntivecommitteefeltihat they bad a very bQav t reponssibilitpetifg-hpon the;n,- but events conslantfy occuired tending to lighten the load. The worlc undertaken wasa great and daring one, ana uilem the committee felt that they could convince the country, and I especially the po6sessors of irt treazses, thit the object wag not local or limited merely, theyi ' ht *ell d -ir of sue- cess. But their success hma been they cl&1 desire. As in daty bound, they'had -gODe-to the founbain hea. They could not esiproach the Throne -uponm sucha sabject, but. they had apuoached Prinoe Albert, and they were satisfied that the :ncouragement received -om bis Royal- Highness might be tak-en- as representing that which emsnated directly from Her- Majesty., I(A plause.)' 'is Royal-Highness had given most nUnistabe proofs of his',deepinterest and of the anxietyhe-felt that the poject should be carried out satisfactorily-and successfully. RHear.) After aluding to- the -selection of paintings which the committee had been empowered to make from his lk!ya iglnesmes collection at, Keasinton- Palace,Ileid the com mittee felt the , greatest confidence that when theyappreoahed Her Majesty and asced that she would confide to them, for a linited period, some of -the choicest treasres possessed by the Crown, the same gracioui condeacenEion would be exhibited. (Hear, hear.) They therefore felt that they could confidently appea to the posseesors of art treasures-which were to so great an extent in private hands: in ihis country-upon whose liberality the success of this most magnificent scheme nessaxily depended. The committee felt that, however Estrong anindisposition there mightjbe on the part of the possefors of arttreasures-many of whom so liberally openeddtheir collectionsto' the publio-to allov any of those treasurers to be taken out ot their galleries, yet- that when they understood the great and public object vwhich the city of Manchester bad in view-the promotion of art, and a general love for it among the peonle, by the establisment, for a limited period, of this inrivalled picture-gaIlery-any applications would, even if reluctantly, be respondea to most satisfactorily. . (Hear, hear.) 'Mr. Salomons had devoted himself, heart and soul, to his labours in connexion -with the exhibition; andhe hoped and believed that afterthe termination of. those labours the pecuniary remunexation which resulted would be by far the least important source of satisfactiort to Mr. Salomons. (Hear, hear.) Mrr. SALOMONs, in responding, said that, while in his conneson with the committee and Mfessrs. Young he had combined the aist' and the aichitfiethe still prided himself moreu Upon his profession as architect than as an artist. Mr. E. Po=rs proposed " The Health of MEr. William Dredge," who briefly res.ondel. Er. ASUTosI proposed " The Health of Mr. Deane." Mr. DFAn.& in respondig, .said he had very much to do yet, and he should be far more pleased when the exhibition was open to receive thannks for what he had done, as he might then feel that he had perhaps better deserved them. The proceedings then terminated. --
I BITSIH ASSOCIATION forc VAEMN IIOF 2CIENXCE. THELTENBN AM, AUG. 14. OzoiXZ OBSERVAnIONS. At the meeting of Section A (Mfathematical and Thysical Science) on Tuesday lst,: Dr. lIx, having laid upon the table a pamphlet by Dr. Barker, on the ozonometers of Dr. Schbgbein and Dr. lof rat, took the opportunity of stating that the comNrative observations, made at the Bedford Observatory, although confirming 4he previous ones, indicated a difference betweeen the test papers of Dr. Schebjin and those of Dr. Mofft. He hop ead that ozone obliervations would be generally entered upon by meteorological observers as so much of mterest belonged to this mysterious agent. It was particularly desirable -that every circumstance accompanying the presence of ozone in the air -should be recorded, and since so greait a'difference between the ozonometes 'of Drs. Sch5bein acnd Moflit had been observed, he (Dr. Lee) would suggest that tbo readings of one. alone should not be reliedlon,, but that i all cases comparative observations should be carried on sith both ozonometers. He was particularly anxiousthat as many meteorologists as possible might be induced to commence ozone observations, in order that they might the sooner arrive at some raore satisaactosy P rvpU ~ 3£ moos p peric agent. Dr. lxs also read a paper on a new self-registering mer. curial ninimum thermometer, invented by Mess. Negrtti and Zamba. Dr. Lee exhibiteda the insdtrument to the section, and explained the principle upon which it -was constructed as follows;:-The thermometerha^ a bulb of very large size, consequentlyaflowingatubecorrsponfldinlylai*e intho bore for that pat forming the scale. On the surface of the mercury enclosed in the tube is plaved a small steel needle, pointed at both ends, which forms theindex. This conical needle is capable of moving freely in the bore of the tube, and as the mercury descends therein will of conrse fall withit; but when the mercury ascends in the tube the mercury will pass the lower pointed end of the needle, and rise above the same -%ithout raisin or moing the needle. This latter 'wiji, therfore, rema stationary, and, consequently, its upper point will indicate the lowest temperature to which it has descended during the 12 or 24 hours, andailll no' be affected by any subsequent risein temperature. To reset the thermometer for futuro observations it is necessary simply to tn it in such a position that the mercuryandneedle in the tube will flow into the reservoir at the top; but should the needle not freely flow writh the mercury, it mny be asssted by a magnet, and readily held there until, by re-turning the thermometer to the upright position, the mercury liows bach again into the tube, and then, with the magnet, the neddle maybereturned tothesface of the mercury remAyforfature observations. Dr.Leeobservad, that one of thesethermometers had been in the hands ef the Secretary of the British Meteorological Society - another at the Rloyal Observatory,. Greenwich; a third at ir. E. J. Lowe's observatory, Brgh field-house; and others had been used by various members of the British Meteorological SocietS, all of which had acted most accurately, and in two instances had corrected errors in the alcohol minimms which otherwise woould have passed unnoticed. With the geneial meeting yesterday the business of the association was brought to a conclusion. The thanks of the association were tenderel to the local secreties Capt3in Robertsor, tA., Mr. Beamish, and Mr. Hugall, who have been most indefatigable in their exertions to promote the objects of the great scientific congress. To-day about e0 of the members have been upon a geological excu-sion to Charfieldby the Great Western Railway; another party of about 150proceeded by the Midland lRailway to Chepetow.and its neighbourhood, including the romanticbeauties of the Wye, T,ntern Abbey, &c.; and a third party, numbering about 60, went in carriages, supphied by Mr. Davis from the stables of the Queen's Hote4 to Winchcomb, visiting Sudeleycastle,. Stanway-court, and Toddigton, the residence of lord Sudeley. The day has been exceedingly fine. --and the whole of th e excursionists retursied to Cheltenhas abcut o o'cloc]r. The meeting has, upon the hole, been a. highly succesful one. The number as well as high character of the various papers reat wll bea'r comparison with that of ny previous meetings. y of the papers were of great nterest, and afforded valuable information upon some of the gret political ana social questions ofthe day,andthee can benodoubt that the information aporded has been of a ctical and ieful character. It isa matter of regret thattheimmense amount of detailed information which is contained intheTaried pars read during the meeting, is not sooner placed at the dsposal of iho-members than is usuvaly the a"& The whole of the papers are locked upfor nearly twelve month, and it is only a week-or two befre the meeting of tbeamoclaiion that the officiial reporta of the proceedings of the e-- 'AOus meetings make their appearance. 'indeed, in aome instances, md report whatever appepra, members frequently spesking -'empore on cerain. subjects -witout an nuotes whatever, as., WAS_ the cam in -some remarkcss "on- Whe: 'Credit Mbilier,- 5ad other recent Cr6edit Ititutions in France," by. -Mr. W-lliai Newman.na' There are also uany - -tabular statements iuseful details contained in iome ofthe communications, which' it- is imponmible can .be'given'- and there appears to be no reason wvhatever why 12mot should be occupied iprinting and pubishing the officpal ornasl of this -assoition. The tdtal nlumber of paes redin the various sections has heeni as follows- c-.^'^ It is the intention of the oammittoe of Seelion P, at the meeting of the asociation, at Dublin, 'iext yer, to have maxture reports'-rpaed on The -inquiries taken in han, in order that :*stmic disi6on nmay be excited_ MrF c redeie1 lHen-iku tbe2 auar of tae-Globe In suranoe Copny, and Mr. Samuel Brown, the ac'tary of ie GurdAlnsursno eCompsny, have undertik the prea py tion of japaper '"On -the stI istic&I M, - evidenoe bearing on' the -qnueoito._lht. = C tbe: rste ofmorbtaty in thiis an otdereountries bean 4td' by the dimooveryof ienner ,for the prevetian ctmunni"ox r- Dr. Strng,- of Glhagouw r.Y E. KaiworUi, of BiOW-; Mr, Atkiyan, of Dubi; -Mr. "Buddj 'of Swaa; Mr.- Danson, Profeior Hanock, 3Mr. Rb*Wld lBII -ma0 'Nied, of J b r; Mr. N e- 3r.P , oi a .. aid lMr; Tie 2LP., hrxbhb inquiries and inesigtions on tbe subject etitO wa:, in order that thie iniportat.fact already cefehd; 'in -Dr. Stral. wPeer, reaid on the 8tJj jvt.t -;r oas mn ew lition¢s, and the inlquirieu'wril be eit us metrhrdicts and mazde to ebrace asmany euploy. xutatu posule Araort lso I be p"q,ad oniac suject of the importait exteies aaufclingmAo ate X e.- v10 yers on the bonngai rd edi teix tion, .a ni -coisg and aearrangements of the Usdtiid_ waLd GBnet byr.r. Daioa. Mr tiw-. axaich will w sh piewaimlar pprtrer irepodrto.. ,hinte. and theroadeth woipeago; an Mr. Ti,- toten the present deof ar.crimi al rehuiia hins ty tx, and onf te inounrona tipmeign,, hAusng tde remd to tbe conded expestng df the E F iHe. awnde ar. ClovesurnaLta. r.L CrawfdtaWd- HZ. .. marci, w1r likewse *roe. a report onthe 5fictsVpWOdun ;i othen commerce of tbie worer aed esecally-on une, iw the discoery of gold.and ailver i n Aerc i#the aixtt_. centur, and of gold in oar own time >ix-aiforni an Australia. A commnittee,. consisting of the al of Hard. wieie, Mr. A.- Ienderaon,~ lkr; J. S. Itll 31r. J.-E.- 2Napier, llr. C. Xherton, Mr. 3. Peak., Ber~. J)r. Woollav, MY. G. F. Young- Mr. W. Mann, Cptain J. P. Owe0, Wr. A. nderson, Professor Wooeroft, ad Mr. James Perry, isi appointed to considder the queation of measurexent.d3 d:ipll f0i tounnge, iand continue the inweezjtibn- areay oce nmenced, with the view of supplying ihe :deficiencies ofi tb:e present ;tonnae. regrain- sytem,- and-eeblisbingS ;some standard unit as a -nseure of maine enigine horxe-. piwer. It is intended aso to; yr t a s.auorial-to . ez Admiralty, praying for-the pub LosinasnpIe, niorm,.. and oomplete shape, tabular and descriptive, of 7Ie silt: of the-tIrias of H6r J[jecty's musips. Mr.:3snxe Haughton, Professor Ingran, and.Dr. Bec will - pare, in iaddition to the foregong, a- eport ef the preent stt Of seUrity of depotrs in mTings b i the kinidonL . - : ' - ' - INearly the whole of the members of tho aao on-liaes Cheltainam to-da' or to morrow, but-there kiso doubt thea recollecion of theBr Tisit will long be retaine- by the.in-j habitants, anld indeed it is -a fact wC.rth of noLe, thati so deeply ha-ve they inbibed the prit'of the saociaLion,, that one of themn, a^ lady, bas published a sketch of the rise: and pregress of the Britih A ciatioufortlieAdvancermat. of -Science, aud dedicated it-to the rident; and so muh. merit does the little vclume posfe, that it bas been thoiughttot unwoithy to be inoorporated with thew7orki of: the: sociation. In the' prepration of the Work - Fison, the authoress, had the Adrantage of aocess to thepublished reports of theiBritish Association. : 'be members of. the aswociation are, equaLly pleased withtheirisit,, and wherever their future gatherings may take- lae they willcazrrywith theuialrvelfrecollotionof the, knd and hospitable reception they receivad a the lhands of: the inlhitants-of Cueltenima - .
£gB CASS OF VR. COPi. - TO THE EDlITOR OF THE 'TIMXS. SiU - membedng your powerfnl zrkWse on.i Te clkinis4 of -h&snof the Iwe Mr. Cort, w'hlose !zTentions -in ihiciron manufacture conferred such ge. eeiso hs country, T dl not hesitate to call your attention to the sad_ condition of that gentleman. leis morthe t yeas of *ge, and seioeulyimpaired in health b:i constant mental =nxety for want of any mneans of providfing for IL-, daiysupport. Under these lamentable circuxastances an appeal' is about to be made by several mnembers of Feraiainent to the Govermnent, Tel reSentin 'how disgraceful it would be~ to the country' if e Son ofa man wfho So greatlV Con y- tributed to, enrich the nation were left to fuffer p6verTtznd, destitution in his old age. 7 w -Itrast than you willyablisic thdistetr i ththe. attentiono hahs the honouroftskidomtheart GEORGE BOWYER_ Temple, Aug. 14.
A MET.&WO14 -- -----d. TO TE EDITOE. OF THE -TAIS. Sir,-I have seen no account of the appearsne of. a iverybrilliant meteor on the mights of the 8tl nod 9th.' li may be interesting to your readers to hear of it. Both migiht,. within a few minutes of U o'dcock-the first'b Aore, thesecond after-I witnessed what I at first -tookf br a Tery bright flash of lightnink, arid on looking mp perceived a- most briliant meteoric body passingapi over my head from 1X.} to S.W.. 'where it did not Mik into the hofizon, but stopped at an angle of about 30O degrees from tho suirfc of the eath, aud gradually died awsay, remainiing 'visible to thenuted eye for at least aminute. - - ITS^earnce'was that oE :abnght baUl of fire, with z. j I am. Sir, your obedient rvat. C. S. ICamner, Abingdon, Aug. 13. .
FAsTA COinnRY EXrOSrox-A fearful exloIon occurred at -the Ramrod-hiall Colliery, nearOldbury, Worcestershire, the property of Lord Waud, on Wedneadalast, ly wlic'hat least10liv wsere sacrificedl, besides serious injuries being infilcted. upon o'thners From information gleanea upon the spot, it appea that the woros had been standing for a few days previousy to Wedesdzy. On that day The men-were about resuming worlk, and a paArt o-f nine miners had descendedl into the t it in safety, but, finding tnhat there were indications of the presence, oA frediamp,they caled to a seond party about to des d not to. bring lightod candles -withthem, but to provide themselves ith safety ainmps. The warning, however, was disregarded, and six nore miners, ameompanied by a ganger or dosy mameda Baer, got into the sk[p or baket at the pits mouth to be conveyed down the shaft; carrying with themn a lightea candfle. In this way the ski was lowered by the engin e- until it arrived nearly at the lttDm of the pit, -whent Tle lighted candle ignited the foul air andl a fearful exPlodonL tooeu place, blowng theimfortunate 'miners d& dthe the ipto) a great height oiut of the pit. Of course Gevey mnan Of those in the skip was kiflled, and their bodies mutilated in a- fearful manner, -so that they could with difficulty be recog. mizeb b their frienids. °reeof -tbe men in t rhe pit *& also ed, mngcing0 men dead, aid there is an eleventh. miEssing Several of T?e ill-fated decesed have left P wives- aintd famlie. nformation haierSm;hs been covdeiosh poe auhoites, andm ofl course searnching invs ligaftion wl ota place intedon the cutans eadiang toi Thcet diEful. cats- OF IlUTl2~?JTG1l~EUL:WmrfjA- ALX.rAiDSEn G18monih c learm the death of lieutenant-GnrlWlimAeadrGro ooe of the 54th Regiment. - The gallant Gen entere army iu 1794 in, -we believe, the 95thFot.Eserved in Hollandin 1799, at Waicheren in 1809, and in the follow. 13ndg yearprooeeded to the o feninsula with his rgent_. where hei served until- the end of that war in 18-14. Te wasn present atthe batt le of:Fuentes, d'Onor, t'he action at Axo-a de 3folino, the battles of Vittoria and The Nivei besides. various minor affairs Tke gallant officer 'was severely wounded in the left arm at Vittoria, and agiai in ih6 righat foot at 2Eampaine on the 14th of Febrnary, 1814. The de. ceaseaGeneral received aL medal for theNxre, and thbe silverwar mnedal for Fuentes d'Oor and Vittoria. The glat General was xv~i ted Colonel of the 54t.h (West Norfolk) Rgilment in IbSM, which by his death becomes at the disposal of the CommAaner.n-chief. His oDmmissions boredate as follows -ni, October 2, 1794; LiUeutenant, Oriental. Company's screir steamer Siin has been dis. charged from the transport service, and is now Ifitting outto be placed on the Alelandrian .mai[acket line. Duiring, tunlast 18 months ahe has conveye 10,000 horse; sheseveral times had-'betweem 500 and 60 horses on -board atone time. Three times abe Tperformecl the voyag between. 'England and Contmantinople and back agaLininamoaith. By Sima srpme te Xxnlay insped, nd hci are the only wo tanapriu tat tok eoughcoals to, run froma vJJEAE OF - EVMTNA-2 UtiENEAL P. HAy.--WehALw tio rooord-Lbe4arain, of another veto=.miltaujff, l£eUteXsnt-Generat P. Bar, Who died on ridiy , rt 1 the 83d year of his The ganant deceseed sw considerable ervios dtinng iPenm1aJW-a&r, and had rceiwdthe, silve war medal fo:-.eahainm and Beinevcnte, being ffthattime in the 25th-Dia ons. Iis commi.jons bore dsae as -foflows-Uatenaa8t,-June 14, 1794; Ca 179; Major, XT)ri215 18¶ Lieutonant- onel, Jane 45 1815; Colonel inn=7 1, 1837; M jorGenr_l 2'oe ber I0, 1851 ; and -Ueutenant-General, JTune'20, 185L? He was iloe o ihaif-ray inYebrunri. 1821. - . IXRD rALoZMIN AND Ms COGLAGIS..-.We tmamitina iat Lord Plmemton has isued -a ciIaw tolhe P arlientsry ]eads of each depetmtut, e- queWng them to sepp r bum in the mn oLl e 'rembez'wit th e partuotaIat of a11-l.ki.th' of-, whic& tehreyderosof eing iirodu intoPiifeat The f evroUthe Peinm ia 'm lidg thk prnd.t iequesb is, that thie XAziuetmy, -i thse fiert ia, aite a fau ad eady oppotunityf bei -ofd' o Xhe _eg- .t be iaded,and of avodung -ton usc winc ra&4raim fnoo the int,nduetiom of a. alzgarnuer of ( motWish at the-_d of #>uesuon .. nZ n zo i4mp miiat tfim fur thir ful ani -lW2D1me a-4iyt Wfth; lyis tlb. , mE i Sabm.m~~~lbm. 01
SALES BY AUCTION. No. 41. MlortimerEtrcet, Cavendish-square. gR. JAMUS SCOTT reMpectfuUy annouies that 1 thhe above capital RSIENCEC was NqOP SOLD at the sale at larr y'e. Onthellth inst., andaybe treated forby pfrate contract.-2 Warwick- treet, legent-etreet, ADg. 14 Tb MSkeercero, LLnendrapers and Eaberdashems jWR. WALTER BURTON will SELL by AUC- TIO0 h at his Rooms. Broadway Ludgatehill, os Thursday Aug. 21, at 13 preiseihe STOOK in YVAD of a DRAPER ara SrLK MFROER; conMsting og rich silks, Ehawla, prints. Coburs, calico,shsads lace, hose, glove, audhabodasery. OnciewWednerday, irom 10 tUIl 4, wvhen ealalegue3snay bie had. The George, on Haipstead-hill, wita Stabling and Garden. now doing I an excellentbusinuae. MT . LOUB ill SoeLLby OAUCTION at G'artrs. 3&:_T N sow ondTuesday,,Augsth9,thealbl LEASI and To s sien of the above r ery desirab.e PUBrLiC-nIOUSE and WiNE VAULTS, p?leasantly alttate on Tlampstead-hiL, opsosite Beilsizog,ar.ybos ie ved., 3an particullars bad of Ileesca. Yandercomand ,o., solicitors, Bash-lane, city; and of the autctioneer, e0, Chancers-lane. To Brewers, Pubrcans, end others-The Odell Arna, Parc-wvalk * Chelsea3, held for 99 years, at £t10 per annum. .F ETE LOUNI) will SELIB,by AUCTION, at Garra- iJ wa'h, on Tuesday, A st 9S, at 12, the bove capitaltnewlerected PUEL1Ch=O.B, coK nandinT y situate, at the corner of Cshapel-ssteet,2ark-vwalk^ahoutnnldwaybet veen theBfrompton rrod and Ring's-road, Cislsee. Itny hs iewved, aaadartinslsha nad of Messrsa VheardlalndBaker,nsolicitors,Clk-lane,d ty; ando the anctioneer 60, Chancery-lane. 4=. ew Bond-etreet.-THIS DAY. Friday, thel51th. and To-morcuov. --uB. LOMx will SELW by AUCTION, on thr ted) Premises, at 12 o'fock, theremacnng portion of the STOCJK: of sver and plated dressoIg eases, wori boxes dese, gold and sliver penchl cae, card, ditto, orn amental items, Sfr-es and Inoian shin` clocks, gu stationery, catlery, el ant bound prayers, church seruvces, adnm Terou efect s Appreole y adrelid Catalogues to cehad on the ertmises,and at the auctioneer's kocw 8, OrahaBrdtree, Postma3n-square. Htandsome ltoderate,r oampsnag.d1cent cut-lxase Chantdeliers, mo- iden aCndeladre , out-la Decaters, tan-l,E i pring-gtreet, byde- 1%1T. PETE:R BROAD wvill SELL by AUJCTION, and on tha Pcemlan s, on The sday. Augst21,at b2fero , te 4oxIensive and r chaise STOCK in TDe ot an eminent s-eat ecd fun; comprisin scerydeacriptienolbronizc andehinamederateer, hail, and other lamps, magnent cutela or-moulu, an d bronze ohandeIlens, candelabra, gisandoless &o., articles of verisa ,nd an assortment of rbey otpedr cot-glau teente,n, tin, coar. and Chsmpacne eor, tuWlblerar Ac. On lewa thie dprior audmusnlng of ale. ae on theHpremises, and at 3{r. eter Bread's CitJ aoenaaa agency ofi-ces, 28, P oultry. ,Valuable Freehold 4an leaoblsi Xstaii at IittUesnrsnd eand - lard, near Ox! ord.-By I. an:l W. F{iHEc, at the Miitre Hotel, OziorJ, on WYedesda, Aulgust20, at 3 tinstead of August. as befre Stated), b,v dktiron of the Ersoios of the 1at (7 a.. l2ddel, B.q., lot L, deads, all convenIently a7gdi,- eutsr,co lodge, aud labore' cottagp. The land lies osyw compact5 Is wel aere and ba xcllent ruds- The house is approached by an orilamenta8 evenue of trees, Lot 2. A Freehold Zuclesure of Arbio Iond, cn the acrthald7e ost the disesngi4on-sood, known as Brakeeler long,spr Hrst'si'lece, contanng 10. lr,2p. Lo13,ALeoehldl* ise,, ad Llttlensore,'eouaningn 10&2z.15p. of excellent land, togethecs wlith agoed residenoe aedhomsead situate in the villae: the houwo anda karden a.-eno Inthc occupatfsn of Mr,Westbrook. Be:t 4; frehold brica-built Cstt Igel nLlttemaor vilase. In tb~ eX(aP5i 1d ot . W9. BrowussiLs PrlnteeVpsrtiusrsad 4arihee in!ermaie innsbeob;tained, and a lan seen. on esolleaton to Mr. Ben.well. soIl, igrSgldTnbis Oxcoul; ot lIoess. Waler. Graui~nt;aad . fi>gOrdLo4ay'-in, Lnon and ofthe auctiozccgis, - 45gh-ets~~et, .a .4teee _ . _. .. - ~~~Acthe MESSS. NORTON; JiOGGA-RT and TRIST, " t norm the ,sublic, that the FREEhIOLD3Mr.r avti.e for sale at the Sl tTHIS DAY, atl2 I ~ - LBdf-Eeeol and Aithbe-free-B-tate,. Y-* hut have ~hrecivdtwtut, c toInn aofft floar SAL5, ttc ai n Tewihu , y.Sausr2y.Vatl2abeoceseoldTW Probeta,fe ntWIeAStentor DWELLINGI-H[OUSES, finished in a eupe-riormne, etl.-aol situate in a, healthy ptofTllesabut foar said a hafmiles from the Metropolis; tach containing entrance-ball, iofty dining and drawing roos, four large and one Esmlt hee rooms, doesalog room; two water-closets. and the usual domestic offices. excellent coisan and out-buildings, wvith large gardens Ono is let to Win.KiddIe, Esq., at a rental of £z5 per annum, the other' s in bend, biut of the eFtizmated or.nnual value of £505. The property is hold undur lease from, DIl,tih College for an unexpired term of 60 3leaSe, at a groun&d tent of £311 per annu. STy b viesedy cards only. aud particulars had at. the Gra3oundInn.bluch ; of Me-in-. Reed. 1Liugford, end Masledtn, eolcioee 5. FIdy-sret. herele;at tSe MeTt; and of Meassrs Noron.Eogsrt an Trst,62.OldIlced-ivet, Roy-al Exchange. M~rSS1US. H. BROWN a;nd T. A.. ROBERTS will rlYSELLbhrvAUCTION,.at the2Mart, on Thur.dry, Aug.28, at 12, in four leta. b y osder of the Maclesaees, and with content of the Assigners, TWELVE brick-built Dwf=LEGaHousEs, with gardens, plesatlyeluat ad bin No, toI2inc=lusve, Wa-wick-od.Kn sinato. neary the hole f whic ace tnante. and will &rduerentl o £30 pe annm. eld inefuomthefreeholder for a term, Old.Ktnt-road.-Yine compact flellinc Houses. MESSRS. H. B3ROWN and T. A., ROBERTS wifll SEELL by AUCTION, on Thiurcoay, August 28. at 12, in three loti% NINE DWELLING HOUSE55 with gzooa gardens, some withi chaiso-house and atable, being Woo. 6 to 10. isylvan-grove, in the Conn- llron,Ohard,rindOthers;. and Nas. I to 4, t Romo'-tuerbth l entra,i h.euae ofMESaSRS.Wasn SRIVN, andotes The who. ROBRodTin awiu solcitrs b, ClAk-lIONe,i; andth of aonc. H.ay Augousnt 2, in lots. THREE FREEHOLD GROUND ENTS, amoquting togetoier to £33 git amply Secured onL 16 dw lsghouses (some with oDepo, ritntoiindlrd-laee Befordrow and Coburg-etreett Lower Dlept. ford-roa.d. Rtotherhdthe, Producing a rental of about £110 a-yeair, with thie valuable s'vverslon at, the expiration of the presnt leases.I also Five Freehold DwerLing-honoe (one with a shop), oituates Hos. 4 to 8, in Bed. ford-piewce aforesaid, in the occupation of rscpoetable tenanits, and prods.inbgtogether arental of aboutz£51 a-year. May boviewed by leare of the tenants, and printed particular bad (ii days before tIre sae) at the Europa Tavern Rotherhithe; of Messrs. Plucknett and Adams. sollcitors,17 Looesinfes; atthe Mart;and ofMesss.Henry Brorwn and . A. Roberts, il2, Thregsnorton-street. Wandswor lh-tee, Patney, Surrey.-Capital Furniture, Iron heposs. tory, Ba1rers Mangle. - ~jj. FRE . GOD IN inconjuctionwith Mcr. 1YJ VIS wil SLL y ACT?Ol, n to Pemies.on Monday, No. 22, Thurloe-scquare, in the beat par of, and clone to tke intended National Gallery, Brompton, for 20 years, at a groand-rent, witb Possession. FRD GODWIN vill SELL by AUCTION, ontePremilses~, on Wednesday, August 20, at 2, the weli buit RSIRNC, cmpisig tre florsofbed roomF two handsomedrawng roms,2Oftbyile,. nd Ifi.by12ft., foidin.- doors;, Nopein to anharhe-sconsxervaptolYry ni t. by l4rt,adentalo Itemt, by M tu breakfs Froomse anendebath room,alibrar aOt. 12 ftr, ad lagoo servsants obies.thead haousgay be viewe aby ikle, top bebetad, wt parstiuas of draler, ofiv esorsfSuto and Occmrnatteey,st 6, cllrt, ogo. stret, solictos; -anduofbl GseoldwBn,d 3, aldlcin-eternce Bepgrave Hoa 22, Tnrloem-pare-wiahintalourt threemlsof OrnaentalIems orTce 1,R. FRE. GVODTIN wis isELLte ty submtIto, Mift onli the MPreises,ION, a'dtesdJay ut2.t e Wednfsray. Aulagus 2.assemblagoe lofHOUSEHOLabl aUrea tR bdinclgrudng, Amabit fador Pablisitate edtadn mthoghrany leardrongs frmaBrbletop t wahatnd card,gandtocasional thablTes7 esemtg, inadsaontr adul,t h m rblewto Thfondiershadsegfrm chimncey atdpiegastGstes, menarble-tohp piefrtable. carvedf thsidbadeso dintit h ingtii tils,o zliig routabe, commsandand otheulrclocs brooeturesuier, and etres, houriental jr.ca prvebases, helreirns mbin detsert service, andaculinay articles. Maytbe viewe diate vici ndt o ctheopesbtd ;and a 1a Mrs beewnprpeanwy Belgiae-squre. VauableFreehod Halintenaco,bl of 1~ acrs, intheB ilding Lad, in rentepadsnl Bridges Stations. on theiorighton2Railway. lIR. WM. THORNTON is instructed to SubLi to M IN AUblcCTOMPatItIONar, atrtheeMaridaen Wednesday. AOUgs 20. -eretl d inonte lo CvalAGbESare oflbuilding groundvamotfavourabysituate, respsctiveyg thehighrad lead,ing ftrohm,n Bnetaw to three Brides, o riwayc itboiata very e enivae. frontagI as alompiste newo partlofbti itrit.n The srituateliongis ondrising ground, comandianga sinularly picturesiue viesh, aindo,na the astation,in proerbiall Theaty; amhedan t detace vnilashaveo been afenree innul Thes Imme. iat vicinity ofethe piroerty andm atlnhas beolen, poread an temayf berl inspectd aetth ofiaeMLs auctioner fwor renderengtit availuble forereting Esdetacesudevlls with grdens, forc which itme witheeedngl huelibe an coalhyaed, beigsituatewithint an beingr Nos. anmil fro tow Lepotanaladte. apptram byt fxcellent roards,endiions foft andegwillb groducd inaherearPodintne sale prom tidmaybes teu parevhiouly atthe oien of the olo fteauctioneer, wh atl.o apeication,wom r asil gv any MOrSI,atIeat,aYfuriher informsation ha may be deob.-utenadEtained.tio Toewna and Reigate., detach.elgbeLahod viibvr xeIenvestment.dc M R. WM. THORNTON is fvuelwt instruct- oSL n t E bPulcAUCTION, at the Auto Mart, onWdeda,Ags Lodo. cOULt snewlyerctd gntentestsael o COT ataGE, plaantl arndadvantagepauslyI is ituat, respects ivat foteihm-maedinatro retionmo adnfamil tofth rsecwly-Abittyu anld oobpei Dalig munhdeiroed rutoof, having a na Succee facng,'o twiootl sasindowo tes,t nea the sAtion, (astle iteih adtheyr heldtant verentsramoning Rito 35 pe andetnum.g his Leitpelty asinzholdrby leasedietfrom Theue freehoder fa nat elvtermon anhicho1nyarns, werte guneped for aptaMidsummer blas. leatith very la ytealye gamrounadrn cuer 2 and Lonth 2bawosewlnt-erectedrrand sob-I siia thesfidecst under one roof, lre achy fivem droos,with wash. house loet andtca-he, hesrabl siuae anr d beingvos adepg 4rooms oveg ha-ne. pitralhm ihSrrgardenini frn.ad eea grun intesa.neuig3 enr annumi(less the parocya gates). Thi lo inhel byleae fr te rmaiderof trom,o whic feholdeas wer unxpied t Crismas 156, t te vryow rondent, oft tt5 s-wot th offce o theauctonee, at oetainedof w hom saooffc Town f Itigato-&'dtselsd Vila, ith ver exefn garden, dvi-l l,gbfailyplced,adjinin theondn rod,nndwinthrlie vicinity.s' walk of thetown station.V. Thonton RA WI. LIAM THORNTON isfa uedwt instruc-elt to sEubyi ptbo AublcCO TTION, at the Auton Drt, iLondon,dayn FiAy,st2. h Augustoldt2 an spreeriore poESionC eofteds avewy deass sa-ince, niutelap tatc,and ofmsbmantialettsv and prme tolresir. It riews Oertabhey vand occupiesdalmuc Gattmipred wotuafon,haing apf. sothaspect, ontm the northroundo.a Ithes viutto ofvhAcentrastle, thei ornaetal38ohsfu timb ter,po whichr form a molintstitrativ n foreground andthe discetaint views embsraoing bIeinave-stmend exenin to buidirhbill,aretiOnSgulrlibatiule Thorpe isou presentshawest eevtion endcotaeolins, on te rond foore.capth_taletranchtlipuhaeadre-ident-proportisolneddinWing mom , a god.dawndE .Gum m y, and.bresfs wer-kownsalubeantasm thyfini fheediandtfgoohasegt,chinaplosetr. good over. Tobcapita gardnit ne~rcliain h r rvl walshverl beeosel, fonrmed,adteettisnirlecoedba groydnd rendBt.toseson ma; ehda lcals et u .shorictoreay egandtye; haaalhuulnnitevcnt; tepaeotaeof.Hat s,solicitor,san ofydon s;Thonton land agent, sarveYor and valu er, Belgate. UesidenceooksrSecultivTe Enerprse,o bnReardento wthe la pStation,ra lAR WILIA JOHORNhON rcise instructedn to iYJ. s bmi AUbeCO EITION, zus at,the2 Maret. or,n Frda,s Augut 2, te usld O b,Preferabl ponratonf thisv vaber LEASEraf, aNc.commdandingdrextenThsiveaendi epreou Pevyies oer thae isl te orf Iexmable,ro h Gatetenc woods cotaern arp!es Min en fieatued in theforeground Itoi ifcl ooert the in.oer,7 Pc -set pvernanc ffti ieett,ete o ulcisiuinor as anth moso etai ad on pxeeinlyt igble inesme tsforfn boldree operatons ofilgagnids. vthe proptaerts bof n fedo teawed b, 116lxt 20 estat mostodesiralyurotuan onk the ogtisbytheallediLpuronrbasec-i dentinlatteseml noran -a Weipinson, Eoqi,tandH. o. Gurey East Tel. railwpay,oaftwonofrhedyar iteant. ofsersadtalOlycocbtylllt ,hinsf coummuesnictiongwthaluarvgts EglOand,PPrtndtfothe,,tm,tooloberechmed othe e0tateandl rraticoneratiadoudarealsofuniewTerontis alma Indardditiontor thes Edatage-hoaft aybe. menioedtht t ath nly market. adtat the demasidHotelan bigretyOn th deinreasei iealri-ing-nv7lueand,uhllc-t- -on isoth roet was. A ILL that the Manor or Lordship of Cosford, and all -C'- that very valuable and desirable PrSebi da Estate, calle COofed Grang, tiuatoin te psrshesffleingtniad Albrighton. in one of te r~hstanmosaeoz-blpanaotShrnshre.andcontaining occuatin o-WiliamHeny Cpe, ess (wosetlenancy expires at Ladyday ext) aremode ansicomodio, inexcellent repair, and fcrmdelshtturssieare Thesitutioninmot Salubrious, the soil highy~sodutiv, ad to gouns i th imediate neighbourhood of te huseare sme fo ther rmanic eauty ; but the most pcueuefeat,sr u the pesre rounds is ApIiece Of waler, oreendsag si cres wigdwtI loP tag woods sudweii Ptocoked with dab; ther W.lsanhndnc gameontheproperty, andthe Albrightoxn bounds are-sttind-t bisort distance. The Iarm-tssildro,ngo m - -tsnsKive,ooueidsaent, and in good repair. The tbra-him-, od otherma dhinery is-worked by water power ; and the farm, no's, ocauied by 'NT. harp)-(whose tmnuncy asin expires at Lady-day naext, ecmseof well.j'si'p ciiced arable, xmeadow, sand histure land, of thse host nosblo -rgki4y.ulinae4ostii trrsffnubarley system, audin cge condj. AvaluelqSlst=,d qoarvytis no~w open On the PrOPeaty, and lin i Buls~r,-having a siding to the rallway; the tither have - e6,sgOm-- Mu mplanflte paToblIal ratesa3nd laud-tax are es4-nmely mode-rate. Tie er ste aesy compact It1sbeundedbyahbeaijtstns reuttr - glth uerde, andb.1the-Shrewshury andlBirmoingham line of Rail. ~yotsnorthern extremiuty. It is lateritecteet by the Londlon and oyledroad, is three miles frcor Shiffnal. and ninle 'Yom Wolver-hampton, three milesfromnthe Shiffnal Rtailway Statien,ltwo and a liitfrom the Station at Albrlgbton. within one hour's loumey of Birminham, to anda half, houxera' te faoin Livrkpool. and fear and altl ri odn Au estate withi so imay advanjtages. and so va-s_ iongI~e ao!8L..- ,obcoo~i. n neae F~~t'i4bP3Wi~~ZodICJ ~,ace.~Kiag ward lsad, . park; ue, Hosea1-,with hObegN.. .8L o kerdwith3abtln9-waseb0ussa ad 25 Cl ot he strthe-co, hld y onelease; aDwellifna-ouseso ad 8hop,29. rewr-sreet Puls a WVhaufat LsAmebousee known' a Copezib&guswhrflo fr hewhole ternsat L7C per*~rmoum Thshonjee ny rlswy1peroislonof the tenarits, IPrinted Particulars mnay be~ Mr. WilUsma, solicitor, Guildhl-clambers, Basingbt;alheeoflaeoZaeandog Me9sr.Wiata&aleyif18,PalerIno.tU*rbw Leasehold rpry nUeOdKn-od Exctosto BELL by UOIO at! the a.TISD , Amgut 1~ i for lth,e following eliibeLEASHL P0 sAnding detarbed and liiseasn rsituate, in te( thereeiMute-ate: an&N1mamd1bu3rod with two Cottages in Castle-staeet; also fu O~~nUinr Albianlyonod. let to respectable tentants, and prncg (3 lUnwards of£117 per annum. The boue3mayb iedypriso jo the respective teniants, Iantedparticoasabo~ie fM G. Ware, solcitor, 23, Esekiacllm-sireetlr,Sotwaa t teBikae Arsos, and the Green Mae, in the Old Ketra;o Msr.Wn stanley, 10, Paternoster-row; and at the paeo ae Freehold Ground lRent of £16 prafmum,-rjxfosd.--By orde-r of the flt.F. SAIDGROVE has.been instructedtbSELhe I ,LETtitheearto SELLhursinto1y.athi th art, onthursday.Aug.or 2e8,ofanFEHL exeinROUjFD RCEPi gof d rePair annum,secured pon foewed hore-Soth Hulameapy, nerh Oxfrt. For toarticF.e apnoyet iM=yrF, Sa&rv, r urvoyarmt Ond raudtioneer, 2,Uinrur,lod stee,owcIityb, anau lum estmed-sommin Kent. ou-ad ore lsiintom-spltaltesdent. forInveen it o cupation, nee Woolwich and C cresc, ent. Lowser-oad.Hue-V od ft~ ,MRE.F.,SADGROVE.has beenfivouruced i~to msELL. Thursdthe MArgut, o~n thuwdo loifthnsl, t 12 .Etoy "th'-e LA fa 41 o UUeaSe, No, en axelnat16tGerID trc~ in, teodrepaly throughoutincon. tam'ing eight l-proapWotioned rams,we letidsktchM ern.unua-haeld &c,,T Fe. 3. Lontt'e-Aconenient Lowser-oa3,IParaizegov. h hoew Itni b Fetar3 Marteiculrseapdplyartitheart; dorntoeMre -. Sandgov tA.F adgr,e aelne u myr , Union-court, Old Broad-stet Bo.e3igible fo smcualloo Investmente.-xpiaefessadcre Shop . SAGrOVedrod han bexlent fitatiourd-.tn strctonllthaTusDooftbSAELL,atbtele Bulig oniyt OSE4 peeamptorflyb (tocewed and praratiouar on the premises; at the and o Mr.F~ Sdgroe, srstyr, A., 2 Unind -court,sO Blowi oman sbariton SmaentLeasehold Hjess--j orderof th PHILLIonS bh Trande SON,0f SELL,peetoiy at G hera tati, en Thursday, Aug.s 29, into let, LtI TH= OUES. eotuyanteapito 7 Wilo: R1stlleaant.es, Wottleiborall-wtelletat £l00mperynn, held foana-ST contining si rooms 45 letrs at £lo peron aennum easem produin groundt renta prfi3.n o --4 ay be viewed, andParticulars baannhdpess somd tlf ofr.lF.to bgrhved autionerm way'd ofS.IVeyo-.2, q. snonctourt, Old Bunad strePlaett. QtdPemsoad-ooanmof . the conceS. ,Arilr-la is Frehldt(renwih. ln a rsseet-KSyorerof te Trn. es LY~LLtrtieoSh thrsteorheAialeinstructe gSocBELL, at L -GraanS. ,nonueeday. AuguatiS n wlte,1 atO exellenta brick-built FEHOUS,LDtae 1 RErIDEIiCEplc,iearabthy RsitaeFm.r BandhTEavrno. wO-xt0rac, Eonastin Grenich. camsh foreotandgfrootd paned pardasaet beda rsectabler twoat larhe 'paysouaithaolin dors ball,4 peimna. kMthe wash-house. celars, &.. titteoxdwith nofallencessary cnvenenceaTI pof ertH minulth. but. soficther,na valuoe -ofr£0, Mayetsirewed , andm p.garinul7rs Fadrongdthe premiut; atd ath at; andic of Mhe Sauga-ove,T 2survlezyorpndautonei.ur, 2,unioncort,OdBoa-tet.ct. n Bloombsry-SmalLeanhod Inverlrstmet,rt uL PHILLIPSan SON wfil SELL, at Gasrra-wy's on tTusla, Ag. 9. t 3, TSRFE OUSS iutein.87 bury-square. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Fmbry T-BILR OU nd NOR~Bn ntutdt SELL b UTO, on i-- harsawaye,onTedy August 21 39. or2 aLtth2 Commcdloabic-bul ilt! roUSE, Clseaivtuae 1 resth. wllcbunea tghetIromedar liSanebtavern, deaixtont,a boack,ill eightorooms, fre-cour.st,uandgod.pa6edCard: Id tlam r~ese-tabetenat, Cho peaysalduoleaxe, at(14pearsanncum.e Mrayu bentnX:este29eanm abviewed. Particularstadcniin o aet eha tGras' beofa. HaSmth,pl-u,scofsacitofr,.0,Drset-anstreet,oletsreet; ofewry J.Higbemci79,Foratthedoctioneet; andttoesiChe fte. utine.s O.Ariley-la T AUCTIhuNy-atutra pired, heldholdirncestmen Pnlagealedand SNwl EL a a,wyno Augus' lyt1901o el rce ULCHhE know an he'uceuAdeade. fruadr h-rseal, Pegocmmr hlda 9 scardera af gron rxenutri zeie of £Seanu; o lta £10ey peerannu buto a spircit lecu is suepa teotbe grned nexttiyar, bhich w-.il deeubi hr presenUC ih et vauenMy de iwed. arirsielaad rondieevtions o sal lobe had a Garri.gawhay'e; of A Smth, a., solicIto os, 10,,5, Dorse17 ste1 Fetatet anI1.Safed oftreet ausiOng eCersl, Atilert-place,t tinebury - Ga footed Oprtnr forx Invetmn SS%JRS. OUAHTON will SELL by AUCTIO'N, o i.Lat.Lrawy.o Thursday, August2.a fr2et 21heaCoInpreczlylbal Kingon ht rad Cheualsea aveRyL cTATAwel-bult,eigh-omed GaOnsE, wDssith ofc deurl f1on a-ue o back, allbnlhorug reandir.siturlate io. f.armouin_ pamdco, uen-treet, Cheltea. boldupon lae 21years'euuexrd, goround0 rentonlby £8r: Calets Atl£ler whnuch wMa bxie viewed. fe yartclr Tic beee hdbayteplaer sofnal;ofthr.tFi Fewan. iieasoliitor,p9 lds.hewd chambersiy:oa th-re auctioneer' oflises, Chluaro,adobect -xtnive fbrpck-uslolFaouby,Guithslck- icusuardi,Mano r-strreet, Rn MR BUG LLON will SELL byaAUtTIOr, at thc I1T2IS CommeS. rcil hall, Kig'-m rr oad, a .Chxellsea, mon hrday,3 R Au.u St ith mrle-ops,b orerve pl te ortgaee o ther careAsE (nslseandhuncy gbs,-,5o fram wanuthen freeolserwofoth ubrain oo cair, nearlyne anftbly,t arou dersirmablyituae,mtablefernd buld, cabinets.s~n was f -oter.n binrick-buit fromT 74t 1 feet lung,b 12 feet w-idemakechar,eniner morocbothersa-e. ibinTsapacle. o paretaiclrs andn cand ditians of sale aply Rcso. thme Son,indiesenfmeyerm solicitor * 3 edfrd-row, aolbotn; obsofutheeauctioneer,th Fu7sLifeacud Ihelse Elail r neten t, o Ringrs-sof d Chels era, roucig£53prnu t~ROLLby 0TjON willtthL bylt LoU,d Ion.e a,~ 'AN.UIYordeo theExNt-CAGiox3 e andneure rmr. forey dhe )n atv o ens geanlemeal Haile , King-od, Chelsafah,ad- e, onTusa.Aug 2,, a roloseree OU d.wthna and niswmlyscrdlu-onuinbe font elnevatios one latnadm. i feccin pa ihans om ges tenrrac, Ksituawe oa.p1 4, RcIra-17 lau, arnde1 Sh~asr,el-srowet, RiG'srmea, Cheleag, aud t (exeptrea 1- rhespcoutabeteyt of longstanding;ethernald upon lucre. u i,& O5yearux znired,oatupwardsdrn of XLIt per annumo thels seven homices,o Asat berv;tvcd byoneeto the yoneverafotal tumsins of X1,20edX0, raeffantd cNdi tionseo taldDmaymber, aisedIn thopae ofiy n salewo Idre Guy, soit - tor 8, Cnnon-w. Wetminser; o of te autiheeler.iueham-roadil Bronspion.nnd Jubllee-temPrinted li'stiasilara aud twa CRAWTER will S~~~~teL byile AtU Aition, by Orecisn f te Airaiietatosof he ateMr thomaus Aolen. tl,s,and bsc prmie, lgilystut,uloetoHghstet,I Ricadstet othriNse HaesretOneo Nhe ,a loatie oth Cr~ towand Mchr,. Woih; fWn oIe, Ep2, solctr,eollbh wiEh; at R Graa';adoMessCUrator, urveytoPoplandaens F&n.bo5, Boefod-rowe Cac eeCarlt.* PlotndsEex-I Foules Ila - ESSbRLs. b CAWOTI b Mir SLLb.UCI hall,a Hgh2arraway's, on Thursday, Ags2,o rcsl,i n t seveWed b erisirbePon s of teeNurst, and partiuars,itl plauns,bd 14 day pf-erTo h sl.At the -an at- -onIna- Islnd at Groa writh all the standadfutnd-letrs preunteaga ahbold, tonathce next the hIlgh road, at Shelpbenl's-bUeh, leading toldbrentr-ord, which will be offered for public letting, for a term of7, 14. ea-21 yearr. fr.mr Lady-day, 1151, atanznnuaj rental. May bye vieed. Particulars on the Premises ; of. Sir. R1. Green. Vestry-balli Keasiseton ; of T. H. Marriman. Es,. solicitor, 47, Lincobr's-ibu-Be!ds; and at Mr. SHines's ofiSces, Grosvenor-Artret ,sert Eat ca-square. Fe. 1R,-Webh's Coenty-tersace, N owr Kentou-esh lfe. 5U Famiies Furnishingand ote ersrnccieentanspain~i u m iturs, Two Cabinet kianos, I'y eminent maker ftudy aob, Painti,gs, Chimney-glasses, Clocks, Carpets, atdAiss,Ln, -China, Glass, and s-ther Itvmsa 1 R.GEo. LEWVIS will SELL by AUCTION, on .LLIhu Premises an sho-ve, on Thursday, August D9. sLtlt, thre modern EFIFECTS of the RESIDENCE, amcng which a-ill be fonud drawljng roam suite, tw aubl intsse,tble ei,e-ls,s othrs tgeterwih he inng beakas, ndbed room appewacase, puis=t.rurvlcUz- atrpe , pltedposbdsed goe be~otuDI~ TMa, .de rl.u ,e)ig ehsio drua u Hwers, T numerus bt-than reustes?,an ote R.S. (G. TAYLOR-t I-ll SELL by A UQTICX, at ljL. tue Mart, Earbholsmew-lane, in the city of I-donln, on i'siisy. the 19th day of-AluguAatIS5, it Ileslcks feutlir previousl,y dizp-es-i ,. by Private, ounts-asj a desirable -P15dB -of BiIILDIINGLRD situate en the south side of the Fitmrey-road, Illave,srtock-Parh, in 'the parWst of Et.-rAnnras. inilse coquty hr: Hidd lsex, conteruinug on rho north aidethereof .55feet oxxtbewet-togidshfeet, on theaersth side 29,5 sue%, then-runningrin a northern- directien 20 feet, then westerly it feet. then northerly 51 lost. theCn westerly 32~ ftet. assittse Un uet -l 82feet; ts,juther lt-h seveubei0kCasT,-,vte iherenm. Su,h lanq an w=rarses ar held uoder lease dir'ect fromn the freelirdIder fur Iis'* years ,rain 24th June, 3553,L at a pep percorn ren.t, subiect, a cumuli,. covexr nts- - For particular and o,uditiens rpply- to Mir. FivIer. 5.19 lichenmsrogen, soclctor; Aenro. I'atterosui1 a~ ii Lunertan(. fId Blsoa-sktres, Wlc-ez r Rig~htey, 4, Xela'esbe-pia~ee, ldalden-ren, Cain e-- tv:, suenter; at'the Hart; and, of the au-tios-eer, V,trzorvesetsroet, Bond-stneet. M DAWNIE CRLONIN resapectruly aiAnottneestbe IlL SALIS frer the seat week in the fOUl;wi119order; therLwas ceDn0sc0sding s in IULb. preset We. 410 , [ .jX. A IML-RONIN beta to remind the pdblle Grsep. fl aket.-"OsboaTRn y. &-ln Chancery. MjJR.A I~L RONni begs to remind the publio DAN IEL CRONN eseacAuutivly-ure. t M R. DANIEL CRONIN reminds t-he public that tfALEhasbeenPOSTPOI4ED.tiz Mondiy.Auguell. Tise Amagelan, Htgl,.re.-Six Houses one House -!md Shop; ,Learns - DANIL RO IN eptuyre milclath puIsO that this SALE wili tkak Place on Tsssday, Ai.gu" 9. ~~ll1teu1ese nd uilingGrouud, Uoper Holowsy. NU.DANIEL CRONIN respectfully anniounces N IbSi thu SA.LE of this -valuable PROPERT'Y is fhldd i. Aosivyfr Tue*day,A:ugust 19. DA- Ei R NW rspcful announces that this SALE sainpointe-dforTonaday. AugUs19. fl uke of Car;en, ~Cumberlanad.treet, Hackney-road. MR.bDANIEL CRONIN -respectfuly. aiinounce thatthi SAE IsPO5POKD._fo reson aLready publieb TheL fdln Tllers-stret, Strand. DANIEL CRONIN respectfll annonce tathsS In hto take plceon enedy A.gustn.D VilAmar TArern. ]tall% d-road, Ialiogton - MuR.S1DANIL CRON I respectfully announces (b-elle Inn an&dHoose, Htghgate. j[4.DANIEL CRONIN Jrespectfuily announce I$R~tthisSALE asif iltake place on WednesdRy. August 70. Asmnal1 Freehold, Ground Rent&,0ad20 Saei h oac uu T ORN HINDJ Will SELL, at-Gan'wya nod ~ee, nd 2 shresIn he Monreb InuraceOflies up-on each of whih sare £ strlig ba eencaledao.Pasrticulars of3Mes,s, S-nail Leasehold 1Property, in the City of odn o oatei JOHN HIND wiinStruted ato SEL aarraway's,onMo ony AuedaJS. aug1. SISbrct D2moe lot, FIVUES (one a abo HmOUSES as 1\. 9. an. 15,13.te-rr: and'. adnhod court, Alde-regat atrt ciy;le a were toy rent . amutn o£3 per hou nnane.s May ha 'viewed, ansi paticle a G nuaw lbprfJ.emvisea;d. Ca.-epartiyls; Ge.anly Es. 3-Sstlne n tteacioerseie, est;a.ra at and I~wsbIiTd LeaseoltHuse aitre SeneyA forit ofupatio einet WORN TTLED will SELL, At CarawayN, on Ithen tie. =Aua.IS,atio.on2 O.I-y.SI Aug.ckDWLLatG-IIthevis,l?Soeo knownan lie, itand 1, Mapes-terace,and Isuitaole, foiarad. t Bow.esaasn.lae, Sepcy(nea theli ThereAims Tavernd),leteat tent yaringfron £23165 to 18 . fprnhoure e ase 9 yextrs, ~ ~rrua~.andatth artiner' oilos 1,Ctannon* lood Frehold Proprty imporvablestet cone tomhe oldn of Grte TORNRINDwillSELL inAwo lt, T G,atraGays on Mnda. An.i5 at 2, WO FEEH LD DELSTG lith; ontha renien f Meers,Morrs,pSone,3 ms Tew rof.an Moris.solcitrs,idorgtc-tret-conae eoucty; an of Jut ind,rs slat,and aaavs-rsdr'Dhied Haoxstead, b iddlaersmpeti Sok WHITBETLRE uIEDLWbYSEL, thisN Ronth M w Gralwa etarianon istrnde.t,u.on Mnatn2 the valuable. LEAfor afthePREISE, ow n te bertrae, ut uian ble fr tabcow goo fre oton ee enin, cuner,pos, loses gafitngs andc ba OH-street, City-load,waEbtsud Green Mddla-core LzeaebOldlProetrty.L lLP. W I¶TEBIR ELL byU SEL,CtO ,ct Gar awty .LVJ ways, o Wenesdy, Spt.3. a 12.aLESeptembe 10,Tat 1Z hagan-aree, Binsueyroad Isingon,of heWalueofaboutre£fO-npea annu; tcn70yars,atalwgroudret. IroerlytrO eparedond lndiiusley altered hinPropetwell.dO htlrra proese lablos brothm ablemspesuJetIon.andleawarg16 e ireetnu. tndheouldy diretiromLoesa Pn.r1m at Garr7yaray.s; and gofndthenautioner 4.Odsre,Ciyoa R.ROBERT REID will SELL, at hGsrraway. Fg ox fCarmrughxystmaee in Mhaonda, cAuust- EIs, EEOt fo pgrecisely,mpUitngI'aE homprandg dwahg-ouany, No.ed walnutfor andbe maJrqeteslleton eard, toccasi onalori, fancr andrmofhe tyabls fromnMebe Wrinofachai&5 mta rntcask 0pr nn andusanbeleot,mhga, aide bea rd,st Fordina.ing tabeslrgm cfhimney3 'and ierlses unrxpredea andoter aret, mhoan an lpaone fnrpert annud-Ten bed drerintnbes nd oilt gasss, ed hsmernqarltee,s -ay u Walhm-Cren, lddlaex-Smal FreholInvstment, ot ~I4R.- ROBERTREID will SEL, Grat Garlbroway' twy-torder of the ExeCourtePr.onpertdoetda ep otember10 iat 12. ofREHOL acOe. SEn and SHOP, importtnt athl valubalgeen Ina hld onty ofbe Midnesx beng inerthe undrihe-roaid EsatesmgheKig WI the cewodcarrmoscioof thetenontg ar ticuarramay beoha 'Aof esdsr,s. Bugmye.Clrk1, and fMrl pecseslctr, 160. Onfords&Ineet atO GaSrAway E andofwMr Roer Rcl 4no, GeatuMarlborothesrheed Vin ihnrte parish of Po,wynno.-Oxfithin 150 y.ardsafbte Busindss Premises let nfo VleasRaticlwper annum t nd hield direm fromt orid 1iLLdReb. g ROEtao4 Ron th l SL,at Gae 4 Usdititrom twaflus, ing ton Wenedo ay,dSeptmber1d stix poursun by epsra Dacreof the MeghoCours.t ofmCancry m3ade in theo amblvcue, ma LE andSEIrtL lhAnS, comprisieng e aoMr shobrin IdaringhAosearl le. a3t.OxUode ec free,big on0 thle nrt sidmseo buetweenPotuminous ret end O Auebec-ngtreet,flet onlen thcMrn oh thris foraliter of 23ic years efrmldyrtiselmas, 1823 aot natrenta £16 perannumean thel suiroun if romldPrtiesa mor termn o w hichd 73r seesl.a-abyere unxpred ihleh oelmr-dmnay,15. at agotnd lrento £6d percrailumg stereamr0 wt rmsayongviewwedstpernmidalo of thaeusuot,artyanicvaulars miay ad fWotistoLeans coal, slcator 72,d tColemraustrnst city Ion MlDnwesss tlmnand r ledate soilraors2, AbrOrehsand-streetroPostman -uAre; coftined nesra. ands Baroperd, L. soictrs e, er-ld FL.em al beth;at- aurarw ntat' andhe par.ishofertlled,4o,wg.rleatweenlogonh SinmoivrganslJeclSoothrWaleswithin about Freeol ande Cofhon-d Etatewos,an x cm esiin roth H riedgencl, andwic Ips,,ea Fain am,+ Intlre-tid mofe then J7e hourst Propenrcyuoes er acoen,ainiogupward ooles32o acrabes, lw and th-eyiportant and gha vAl..hle C,oal FIeld sudrtherala Glyesndid _0inzeral -butertweomidles atdaes. ut cletseer coacurro nce ofs tbeoMortgagbedpem,a Gafawa'-1 toednesdr conteimgber 10, 7p.. fodreIsprectisely.i eigbddota, awyr Le HOLDi KTATIs- knwc.owntas aod1 t thel esituate of the Dyondd Valey inmthes pois oD Lraen. Snn-o,ihIn 10r yardst oaithe Rtond= Vranch of the Thf oe Rarilwy moaind atwo dies fbedm ron-y.Prid, ta-,a rsent let to Mr. Vvey JohnMrtn a yeasty tenset. Undrehef the farml sietresams of spro bit umninous coal,adiosoicni o eacln, averagiTng-tre feet iopn,thicknds twlhme ,suaity ofeetwhich e47neet ing propvebrtie ov ben,n wourve or mae,vera 3cm b the Geet Sf an Mr. ohan Edmund;aCnd others.Alag and GsQnever-failingstream to iunnsee ofr miin pderationsI Isancounsaie-.noit as cadul tarhehl haretwoa.heditoaleoeans ofelscm and thoe uaudur tefaTnefIrone Stnewe inglwsrku d oC at, Birwarot -Ammerdse b. sod otareowor pIrecninue undery thinh propnerty.Ahe sa Freehold edtate cale rezlar sLlapynfsrvtaterInthe parfciishotlestAndrfotdfg. betwen g pi Pas-; Riser anz dJleriesyaddtherook. withnabout Pstheioneso re onrdsral -rayse tanskTndi!rextmiese frompeitgesd atu which pacethere Io paria does rnsof purcbhasimng mow.endpastuertl.and. Asouin afle -naol pery. calld Proeryn allea eenturs, abon tbo mTles OfLand feach,l ostni fen ouhomtnrfarthe chcontadin t83e aUcrs, rends ofSances coporeso a ytri ent cheep antre anlsoa two TideI'tacE hed eoDf mieado, landc todetherzatctn e!RtoiigS.Sr p,leroider respetvedly tydydd-yi-piyrand Gayninelobtaired f r.b olltsnoBass-totheGestlyatesof ur iier Pnt-or thoCoetos ofDonave, Sr -Toh Iv,r ues Mrt., WanderMo'an Van lisa, La. The farm,mountain, aedetcchedpr eras t en ta~ he on-o Ion Cm~,uv,andIrhih masue 1 fethethic, t7ee Of lssh onbe oredat aje"ofite A calrry in Dwtherenrliatrnih _ben d hSSS benoendOND avenfclLoat ReTthc obtaiELL atrucei-' h-ortafrotheSauhWalEaisea tonamby (egrloerFto r.veranl he vilca Cem(lam and t~n glerFour a itir twoI 1 tais-sof le LIrs.Uner lanLIa mentiu t s considered thre aeThree DaartiSaalseam fcn ofb obl thoseaunde otherfie, Thelo p Wio rtywhchblie ubrndmeersth SlerPstte ade tc th neaeseto olleriesSM, ad her AUTONvaratgesi posir tonosre%Kiga-s rail - sod Monday. Catalogues, n iewgratiturda Kent.-FhsxrT.ra Invrestment.-?reshald arsand L-and in and mear Romney-marib, wvithin sey reachofth towns of-Aahfesd, Hytlae,adNgewRoumey,m6f,rtbe smet tto on the South-. EtenRolta'ay. - 1IiIESSRS. WHIITE andl SONS respectfully noS0y 1,Li tbat they ar favoured with isstructrions to SELL by AUG. TION, in eight lots-, at the Auction Mart. IOndon, on Mronday, the 3hdyo ugut th ERE HILL E8TA-TI, with the genteel farmrresidence, vWery pdeaftntlysituate on an eminence, with southern ssPeek twolabourer cottage. and all requisIte Wlimsltura,lbelldiogs bx,umloudeaby 41s-. 6p. of producilve land, sad severa pieces ovgrareh of valoable and inost-fertile- macoh land, containing 94a,af- 9p, ThiS poatiOn Of the Cpecipety, conmsn~stg" iltogether 135&, ix. i&p,, is In the mcenoaiOof M. Charlee R a.s ad a yearly-tenancy. Also~ ?8Attrrsousrm,with a commodious farm-boner, labourers, otgs Wad sl neful agicultural-hulldings, lsPkleas;ant landclmmaza Mtlo, encircled by seyeral enclosures of Taluable amable, pacrae,an gratlofe Mr,0Jon Mils, a mee6trespectble tenant o 20ouEtansdiciy at a yearly tenwW. , The entire ate' 00htalbe 2W&.a Ar, 1%io anal is of freebold tenure'; the bum poetions and the monsthl lan-ds are In disunct lots, as -asiutey set bortb In the pelnte~d pecificationt, -%Itha pises an., xaed, andawe eqisalty eligible for the accommorrdation of adjo;haing - ,'cseIeossfpea-maneot Is s metinct orfer orrasationTh rpr1 liewelhueb, and Rue n &, ad alt t-he !S are ~Pprtebc, arounigtai saasodedby500drosds.lerttvpriea-,wt,eeili & aedhthoeapheplnyo theeslctic 155. lay n bewl- Owlnied Is. 1.ooou;at the-Mat, aidof r. rat,,,Statioro.r, hI, Pri see-tret; ttbSiircens Rnd,A-tfoe.; rs pes, 11t4t, i.e I RW. OAKLEYbekito =-::odnce thattia SOLD byPisae Cotaa-SAteuI" ,Wigt, 77m hs el W.selaoeta V W. A. ~~~~~~~~~U n eet ce tat, t1i'u LE,;W. A. IDAtLEY begs-uto-anoneiMts ueiable FREEHOLD ZSTATE, W. s r0 te usnleet afi be re,hatelrbya rSOLDt byf traeL iO.i ]emstsWe Mlet Thi &atd aaes,sTfOPSOLD and ay b arndefo may p e~rc, W. A.OAKLEY be"ann tAQI&mat w Actia Nart anTueaday r .i~=tw tir properted aodd inta co3mprisn h aalea 0 pWcu1,r * son s osbleg so tatnuc ta tialidee-AtuheAuon adutt Mart on T,guedy arl 1e rsecfly qdet ~ and state ars.,8~ ltce~tMessrs. DWaleqrl et Laoe ~~jjB~w. A.. OAKLand of, ELL A. UOTONak PWOPERA. fOnrsn o 0 avoricstedt With Lo,, Pleasantionsitoae ane frig ee fsrt*nt for TuZrchaSen-,. km erS. st12 is heXld on leaseF,e OOPin abou t U.scft arll ae,wt e"elrl. Iwres;diic Treleti eidng;k, Taruh es, enpot-a mPIreis alnd to thM Ii'.A.eak. and, Hutoneybmeradstdatg, OA the gxottrd. Waroelno-piade Wofr beo"ton Hallsand Miurther atate,Gloseeershbe,binrte parihes of Aulin ndLoa lroe, W tetnsb-de ndtUiWaetltoo-p. m GAT. .A. BAKRLE,Yo the beenls favo6 d ih by rdr anofin theoeuo o f fer by 0UTI. Lambte fr. uTe .Se- XGbeP.AsIl,Ghe (Jby -all ah d ulebraedrt!Ax. TaTZ faE beidine,o, d.i imd rtes proert s clhad. heCnodn GA-TM and LB&31t51', on thet Prsisew 96 rscurhsre by orderof the Executoesof r. B,0. Lanbe. bSsll hendlebaved recivedin-a G stEandt aAIrEra ngte forSeAshes by. AClTI bON.G-iats,, bygorder otlf teEeoso f 1 the CO ,EN0.o thme, 2bTrdDe Pringzn cta ad ppopiae funiur o W the tcolobedI)scw. Lwo daviD room, diinr-Gom nd teadorrarilwy kichn in heLhericultrof wboo h roRO~ b . d CTrL-ea r,-IBt =ni !"CZles,on of theay suugueer 46. Wt bopretroey, sd3.YwCmhsre A :BOT 60,000 iodem uputve Kiln,Buligan Gl,Ce3 Piainogrcks nIt f50, U adrcto oelfte rpietoLbr, ry. intagenernguld lteratur we,ad ldi&_ ysng% Mrt. BioedfomS Brckas,ofal whmcansonalogutes marithe oad a,e sallitaiec, zrauieethbureod b Lakerm Hilow al, RCo.l, sge 1rESSP.S. RE SFWOP)3 and Jo Ave VcISe wa. ,L. BEnsLLu oarnefrSL by AUCTION. ttergetRo. on Friaday,,Agut 19isand theloeang dand bapxwpate fournitr oUf TUe Reabenrooras two drawingLafrootshedinwing-rom ad darn2irooand chenare aondhll.e ther adaychimneys andmring lmalfen Catlogusrotm prmemises and, oukyf meg the autoer,dequsitoues tooth. sledpin apextrCebif-hte hu Saew4pe.n_w.,d n'lexometoDndetmyusitable~ mohline a od Ptiaes- lhses iranofritcfsulte, s owleve%vdliodaypetedLibeu fia shio.nabl manaioki al' the Fornitou,ofamatressieRencer,hman,. Tzrvi~ RUSHW-OR.Tan 1.Cande Jalle.V CoblL. Feblland C tO, Dultc their greaRoernu,t on Turcday,Agu bu ad floing.o day,hne moderae mW,ii~ o occapitJ-o rU inromewood. valableRMMOD LIfD,wit frotahs of40mect Brsaed aniDtu Tfurk eycretsac, the Pakreouisitesimetheseeingh rapdromnterixtaen osal Crystalon Palade in texcellnte confiton table4 percelitn and glarrssde, by namlrrue variety of viefed,tand ,aMaymbears. witho dayditcedg- ath1e Roil,ndcaaleotues bad attheonod of C=essr and a'rthe ulnot, Tare,eboldRs-dncw egettet amm ned 1y9tsow CnGroundsy, ofiiii vreebol fiend, Cat Ihouzich offbe.Gringens.rtnteadoto purchare f or butidng&.onAtmoerthe Rc4el Caeithe for ecpt Monor nes n utmeU, MR. ELS nes yirected tadomSeL reboId UCTiOne Re JL mden Gorawey'S,onthWednesday.m seputeme1. at LM2.L mine f2romta, walualekonwtrn PHODLA IlfracwithmfrotogDev ofnOIet, band a depth. ofe1t feetreach,b toark-oawn brin the hdihroa vdfozns&vsrixtobead: Nrwm aeodmto room.c dawngd to the ew read. fa.srtdstaom ntr anmth-_ CryitalPaaen, ind'theCnre dofnjthistfcavore lmulity, esand sortwoun . by nuerous vaillas Cain li. vhewd and cop sesilars.wthendirieton famd lea n,obainedxofP. ett.n Smtf Fq 120,in Wilrism-otreet. o -at te osNdaleHtel.VPark--tI t arao'snd mote3boau.-titenffc,~ of theighauctoer ESTA , of nories,o city. tm z v-ialnd n Freehstt oldcHtidenion, snurroundedbyIf own stround of wa0r andes,, eith OBoes,Coachbone, StalOe,ardestt2, W Meadw. nowaout toan tiia, c.A the alold hoe Cesarence,Hotel,oderatone s,e on eoada,, thpldtday of Spaerk berkeriliokwthw, nlonmna apad .nLstdncrm ed Southl Culiff Ifouem ituaes atd Lsiee,ce milstfrom to leant agooahy iiatseow trvae corner of dir_ol-ste. and Obtihesix eSt rooms, ressing room, drawing, dining, and brendakfestroms,entranoa.- beall, kithen, Randote dwnStation. rith h-b%z1mus,a,eeto hores,haeAssigroeom,fs Johe Landrenceoe aordeyas, bmridow, -rti th on-cad,psurre, olanthtion,tc.,ste, wholeF btout170Tames, Thebos.- Isdlgtflystan e in Agt eromantiov1e ofe unexied tvngermuDti thw o ea,ok roasmt, rentwOr d110vaf rsththawOT seror SHOP,n disg rtasicl,tndethe purohaberigibavfe theept ith ofrtalntg tefoinibre. roesre Son th hoursuantatoed thce ew in the vilout& lage-o Lee=For ieing apy erat thahuse,be wend fo Dlaie AnniHolwes tu Metsrs Nortbroi and Son,rladges t Bu ourTIeEt-e zedetb6,de 3t, t a'Pin,soliitr.msf,Inn, in the ityo Lincondon. Frli theo' 3ranOfeld,SsezPrt then valuroablenofthetf 110g thsoreC,urth . lbeIai. cALsRe isatCOe is Cntmohd o EL b FreehCToldNEsatte Mr, Ltondeofl n, othe paoh ofgm LirstA tdelinhtfuleSTAutE of 120 ames of rbc, pstsir,o elln-boo,land ien.g ahigdwtlle ing-olttvatln, gates-withdbyna streamov tr, no2ds pcttn- he ecloed nd aloted,Theresienc, o moeratfe scae,ofvInteok h asrgood a&erdens. ablugf Scapta oDdheis lsod surstnitiae slefndid oe-or Adometed andtw Albourr' cmdottaremiesalint maexcmllent rrepicrs h tand i FUM iaR3 Outuin Amlbs form,p ndinbedtwee'n, is dillngirto vtakbedd eaeifg dmfrrete, abeiresnsdawrs whea% talbs,TnbR!me-owulls,and ewes ctai ardbordsnbokarsesd carp-t pitiousdo arilsprocun vn-abl o efsr1a. dolic nrandisiteasb, acolimteros, efaets EllYnbtleAiowetonlat Thurndaoythandtmornng of, ler.anrd (atx SLo's omost-Capdital Iloolnee Prbem-aizesandResidenice,molt by iro- tadngyiruaof the omtage, ofLivrsl.te anaCihefe. Grat tfothelie raHtiwaydStaton.xit ponesca, iog. 1 -lvde (nESpreSi FyisoELd onf1y rvteRFULLact. sigrhuente-~ .LYi. by thveja mssgdeeofJohnleawrpetyncearneas-,DOa bIanrupt,ewth tha onurec the he amt lerleesta e,o .S tolfSELLq. i teby &CTOe o Wagt z-- trmwayfi.on Mondovay,Adugus 1uratledho nexire theafrmto therW d,euce at the Ss moterae o renteoft£11, oontheabove, dinnerzlerdSHOPn lrgereail libare, thne hop reing 70 feet deep, sith 'ffronztagesein bet sor eegts, tied ,thaoft warindo uws ofAplate-last TUe`upfer paz ta or hoe andbeooorrs and nthe bsemen a lage tottemng reom.krilges, Wein9s n ut- merousofIces, the hOle Wednesdaby,arrtne bdayfor en lutngon,ninessaof mpabliode M&Uay pre-newted,andebpar riolrats o tactnedon thedpremises;fathGerrxwayta of thele,trs Warhu-Taml, Son sc mori.pI Odety awndeofVth aRtoersiec, t %cmriofh gabrd - roe ixSold. pursadnt to aap~-bafleeeof heHig 0irily Obasd y,nnbad lrghainifs,and Cheatrles HednryHlaend d oTcbthr,deendSan0tsb," thared osouetofAims Inn, insthercityll ofLi hen,o Frilsy which224 thesai case n ttmuchd,tn oe lt -drc toe,in te cuntyof Lncon, cnsisingof p ell-bilt m&conesac or welig-hus ad s,sen wth or, tale,co naid. atle Ind oDleasue groun wre bedst ec,M the garden for eno life. andihe., ldweliing-hous;, stemreroom,,and sittingsfetrmsof years. Thepa-.. n-" be vieed by written orders only, to be obtanedI from. R.nIODes Plo4s and Bennoett, i t;heest LinntruaetLien- or l. tBEtLegLactoer b &MUTON, a, Abee Wsck-pobae, Nyo.,t from. whot furtherXYM patiuars mar loej obtained, - - ab*-tf ianofodrmte, ChainatndGlee , TProofFit,Pitn. nums,e t-meo ed to Bannouwe tatid ~ ln~meid 3 Eht GA byIA OTION atL Lbs aAerea.N.StGa.
