DEATHS. On the 23d nt.,at mehal, Madeira, James MaItland Balfour, FEs., of Wlllttinbrae, N.B. Ont he 29th n IenryAlaway. eldest son of the late Mr. Henry Alla- y, late of NGew Brentferdl, MiZddlesex, aged 62. Onl eIst inst, Mr. William Dunn, of Shortwood. Staines aged46. On the 3d inst.. at the house of hs son-in-law, No. 8, Miarlboroughplace, Oldi Kent-road, Mir. 'VllIam City, of 1entonvilbe, aged 75. On the 4thinst., at her residence. Promenade. Cheltenhanm, at an adTanced age, Elizabeth Jones% relict of the late John Jones, Fas., of Tottenham, iniddlesex, and Bridgend, Glamorganshire. On the 4th inst., at the Tower, near Mold, the infant son of PrankBowers, Eq., lateof Bedwyn, Mold, On the oth ins'.. at Bruges, Belgium, Elizabeth Louisz Jane, wife of Colonel Thonas Abbott, only survivLng childof the late Colonel Meredith, Royal Artillery. On the 5th inst., at Castle Barracks, Athlone, Ireland, of typhus fever, Captain ALfred. Coope, the seventh son of the late John Coope, Esg., of 10, Great Comberland-place, Portman-square, aged 37. On the 6th iost., at Clapham, 3r. John Taylor Wedgwood, the emninent historical engraver, inhis 74th year. On the 6th inst., at his seat, Harehope. Northumberland, of typhus fever, Oswin Addison Baker <Cresswell Faq., eldest son and heir of Addison John Baker Cresswell, Fzq., of Cresswell, in the sune county. On the 7th ins,. at Peclsham, after 3 few days3 iliness, George Yarde Sparke, Fsq., aged 37. On the 7th in_t., at the Eln, near Shefrield, aged 23, Eias, wife of Da-fidlisbett, Faq., jnm., of WestBrixton, Surrey. On the 7th inst.. at Margate, in his 41st year, Robert Chippindale, second son of P. W. Cobb, of thbt place, banker. On 'biday,. the 7th inst.. at Ipoich, after a few hours' ilness, aged 5 years, Arthur Dixon, the dearly loved. and youngeet child of James Curling, Faq., late of Albert-square, Clapham, and Thaines-street, Bondon. On the 7th inst.. in her 18th year. Mary, second daughter of Mr. Saddington, of St. John-street, Snuitbield. On Saturday, the Sth invt., at Cheltenham, Susan, the wife of John Tinewell Addams., Fq., in the 58th year of her age. On the 6th inst.. at Thomeroft, Leatherhead, lizabeth Jackson, the beloved. wife of Alexander Colviu, Faq. On theSthiust., at Teddington, Middlesex, Mrs. Everard, aged 96, widow of Fdwd. Everard- Esq., late of Middleton Hiall, near Lynn, Norxfolk. On Sunday moning, the 9th inst., Mr. Samauel Whitford, aged 76, of 4, Porter-street, Soho, and S, St. James's-terrace, Camden-town. On the 9th inst., at Lyne Farm, Eltham, Kent, Mr. EdwardPashley, inbhisS5ih year. On the 9th.indst., at 10, Dorset-place north, Cl3pharn-road, of jaundice, Sarah, WidaW of the late Captain Robert Bastin, RX., late of Guernsey, aged e(. On the 9th inst., at Bath, James Battin CouItbard, Eq., of Binsteadhiil, AlIcn, Hauts, for manzy years a magistrate for that county, aged 73. On the 9th inst., at Ventnor, Isle of Wight, William Strickland, Faq., formerly Controller of the Customs Fond, and of 23,3Bromptoncrescent, aged no. On the 9th inst., atZS, Carnaby-street, Golden-square, ThomasWoodward, Esq., aged 4L Ontbe9thinst, atBrixton, George Howes, Esq., late of the Indian Kasy, eldest eon of Capt. George Howes, 1it., after at protracted Mixes. Hisend-waspeace. On the 9th inst., deerly regretted, Rebecca, the wife of Mr. J. W. LI 1aude, of No.8, Caltherpe-street, and 6i, Chancery-lane. At Brompton, Mrs Mary Perryman, eldest sister of the late Mr Ephraim Bond, andonly relative of Mr. Joseph Bond, of Queen!s-road, Glocester-gate. Regent's-park.
DREAND. (noM OUR OWX CoRPOND}.1 DUBLINL Woi!ODAY MORNIu. THE SAD;IPM FRAUD,. Fresh discoveries in connexion with the Irish branch of the Sadleir frauds are hourly coming to light. The Carlow Sentinel states, upon good anthority, that some very stupid forgeries upon the Tipperary Bank have turned up. Whence this description of paper emanated no one can even conjecture, but it is certain that payment has been applied for by the Secretary of the Bank of ireland. The forged documents appear to have beeii given as securities to the Bank of Ireland, and the partes who have received notice to pay them rave repudiated all connexion with them. IE such bills are really fictitious the trath or falsehood will be unravelled before the Master in Chancery. The trade report of the Freewnu's Jownaw2 has the following explanatory remarks in reference to the charge made upon the Bank of Ireland by the Leinster &press of Saturday last: "PFreviousto the year 1845 an arrangement wasmade with the ank of Ireland by the Tipperary Bank on the same terms as those made by the Bank of England with the non-issuing banks in England-viz., that so long as the Tipperary Bank did not issue notes they were enititled to haTe their approved bills discounted by the bank at 1 per cent. under the current rate. 'Upon the passing of the Bank Charter Act, when the amount to be issued by each bank was to be defned by certificate, it was deemed equitable that the Tipperary Bank, being altogether excluded from issuan, by reason of their agreement with the Bank of Ireland, should have that agreement secured to them for a time. Accordingly bythe 8th d9th Victoria, ca 37,the agreement in question isexpressly alluded to, and thebankis boumd to continue it for -J0 years, or pay a penaltyofiper cent. ;er annum on the amount agreed upon, which amount Is statedto be registered with the Commissoners of Stamps and Taxes. Up to the 1st of January last, when the ten years expired, the bank was obliged to continue the connenion or pay the penalty. At the time the agreement first originated the Tipperary Bank occupied a position of great independence, and was undoubtedly in apparently very prosperous circumstances. Wfe have a perfect recollection that, both at Belfast and Dublin, they had agents wvho discounted larkely, very largely in Belfast, on behalf of the bank at rates below those current. This is, we believe, the whole of the com exion between the two banks,-a conneion, no doubt, which greatly assisted the parties who have ruined the Tipperary Bank by their frauds, but which involves no discredit to the Bank of Ireland, which was merely carying out an agreement in the spirit of the Legislature. We have further the fact that the Bank of Ireland is a creditor for a very large sum, it is supposed 30,0001. at least, mnch, if not most, of which arose from its continuing to pay after Glyn and Co. had refused, and from a aimilar continuance at the branches, where it is understood considerable sums were paid to the order of the Tipperary Bank in both cases, in the vain hope that the ruin might be averted. There istherefore nojust imputationwhich should debar the bank from the natural influence of large creditors, and, on the other hand, the creditors at large ought neither to expect nor to allow one establishment to undertake the entire charge of the affair, but should look after their own interest. Much is yet to be discovered and investigated. We have as yet no idea what has become of the rest of the money. It is stated that ir. John Sadleir has drawn 200,0001., and there are assets 35,0001. On the other side are-first, capitl, stated to be 100,0001., and liabilities, 430,0001., leaving about 300,0001. alto-ether unaccounted for. It is generaly believed that Nr. ames Sadleir has gone abroad, and it is at least evident he must have had more Inowledge of the state of affairs than is aleged by the letters of his unhappy brother. Itis now gene~raly suppsed that those rsharehoIds who have retired iwithin the three years wil}l have to he called on to .contribute o those debts which were outstandinD, and which are believed to be more considerable than appeared at first, although there is little doubt that the ultimate resulthas been long foreseen, and some management used to relieve some of the parties from their liability. Nrot the least curious circumstance is the large addition of English shareholders (whether substantial or others remains to be seen) which tookplace during the past year, all, ornearlyaD, itis believed, through the same channeL Altogether, what is known is bad enough; but it seems retty clear that what is only matter of conjecture, or wholly in the dark, will be worse. We have been asked whether, where parties hold Tipperary Bank deposit receipts, and have overdrawn their accounts, they can set offone against the other; and, although we are aware a contrary opinion is entertained by some, we think there can be no doubt the depoitor can do so where the names are the same. The deposit receipt is nothin,. but a mere acknowledgment. It is not transferable, nor is it even a security for money, and the account both for the deposit and the over-draught is precisely under the same head. Where there is any variation in the names it wil be fatal." TE CONUEST FOR 0Ew ROSS. There-is likely to be a severe struggle for the possession of the seat lately filled by the exiled editor of the NatiQwzi. Sir Thomas Redington has issued his electoral 4adress, and, according to local authority, it is believed that the battle will be fought by Sir Thomas and the quasi Liberal, Mr. Tottenham. The rumour, however, still gains ground that Mr. John Reynolds, of Dublin, will try his shattered fortunes in Nfew Ross. After announcing the resignation of his permanent situation at the India Board, Sir T. Redington sets forth bis qualifications for the suffrages of the constituency. He is in favour of a legislative enactment for the protection of the tenant, and was and is a supporter of vote by ballot, while he will oppose every attempt which may be made to deprive the College of Maynooth of its present grant, so longS as the "lathes of Ireland" are appropriated to the maintenance of a church which, unlike that in England or Scotland, is not the church of the people. POE rOTATO. The Banner- of Uskr states that extensive preparations are going forward in the northern province for the cultivation of potatoes, and, now that so much practical experience has been gained in this branch of agriculture, it is anticipated that the next crop will be equal to that of the past year. "Nearly 1,000,000 acres were planted in 1855. The crop was a full one, 'with very few cases of disease, and the qualty superior to any raised since the year of famine. The class of seed potatoes offered at 3market is excellent, and we understand that the amount of damage sustained by the stored crop during The winter months is comparatively triSin"g Great care wras taken to preserve the potato throughiout the season, and at p resent the quantity held in the hands of farmers is much a hove the estimates of former years. Prices continue higthly in favour of growers." CAPTURE OF A RIBAND GANG. A letter fiom Roscommon announces the capture on the 7th inst. of a band of 15 Ribandmen. They fonned part of a gang who for some time past have been traversing the county, attacldng houses, and demanding arms. Their arrest has caused great consternation among their associates yet at large, many of whom have fled the neighbourhood of their exploits.
MUBDER OF A GAOLER. T t tw t TINGS, 3URea 10. 'This town was thrown into a state of intense excitement this morning by the report that a prisoner in Hastings Gaol had effected his escape after murdering the gaoler. The circunistances are as follows :-James Wellen, the gaoler, was a 'widower, and lived in the gaol, as did also his son (a carpenter) and his son's wife. About 7 o'clock this morning, after the son had gone out to work, one of the prisoners, John Murdock, succeeded by some means (not yet publicly known) in locking up the son's wife, and then attempted to escape. He was stopped, however, by the gaoler, and a struggle ensued, which ended in the death of the gaoler by strangulation. The gaoler also received a severe injuryon the mouth, but whether from a fall or from a blow from the murderer is not known. Murdock then escaped over the wall of the gaol-yard, and succeeded in getting away. Every effort is being made to capture him, and, as he is well known to al the police-constables, as wel as to many others in the towvn, it is hoped the search will be successful. Munrdock is described as " 21 years of age, a well-known pickpocket, about 5 feet 9 inches in height, light bro wn hair, gray eyes, pale complexion, no whiskers, full neck and face; was dressed in shabby clothes, black frock-coat, black trousers, black hat, black silk neckerchief, white shirt, no collar." it is believed his clothes were torn in climbing the wall. The circunstances of his imprisonment are the following :-On February 25 James Murdock, 21, and George Wright, 12, were accused of pickingpockets;George Young, 25,was accused of being an accomplice. Youngwas discharged and the two former were committed for trial at the next Borough Quarter Sissiong. In consequence of a statement made by the prisoners in gaolj* Youngwasagainapprehended on a charge of'titering counterfeit coin, but was discharged for waat of evidence. It is probable that the statement made by the prisoners, and which led to Youngs second apprehension, might have been a r-ue to enable the three to concert 3 pima of esc.te after Young's second dischalge. .The deceased was about70 -years old, was well known and highly respected.- The family to which he belonged is one of long standming in the town, and respectably connected. He had held the office of gaoler for many years, during which le had shown himself to be a nman of strict integrity, and also of humane feeling towards his prisoners., The people are intensely excited and indignant, both on account of the dreadful crime itself, and also on account of the generous and humane character of the unfoxtuZate atfferer.' MONDAY AERieOOM. The murderer was discovered about 2 o'clock this after noon by twro boys, in a ditch in Tor-hill field. This field is about a stone's throw from the top of High-street. Upon being discovered, the prisoner ran off, and the boys gave thase. Others followed, and after chasig- him- over the Weet-hill succeeded in capturing theprisoner at the bottom of the hill, pear Rtdssell-street, not far from-tlie railway station. An immense crowd congregated at the policestation sad near the gaol to catch a, glimpse of him. The inuest on the body of the gaoler and the examina. tion oDf e priszwr wil tAke plate SInor
THE CASE OF -POISONINa BY STRYCHNINE' 1r I AT LZDS. S | .L DS, MoI,AY A=fN0Xo -: The adjourned inquest relative to the death of derh. Hxrriet Dove, the wife of Mr. William Dove, was resumda at the Leeds Court-house this morning, before Mr. Blackburn, the borough coroner. The proceedings excited great interest, and from the umnber of persons wrho wished to be present, the inq , which at the early part of the day was held in the Council Chamber, was subsequently held in the large Sessions Court. r. Baet, solicitor, again atended on the part of the prLsner. Mr. Morley, surgeon, on the opening of the proceedings, stted, with respect to the analysis, that, acting upon the recommendations of Dr. Taylor and the highest authorities, he had carefully avoided forming an opinion till the cloee of the analysis. He also explained that the symptoms he observed were only of a slight character, and might have been caused by hysteria. The effect on his mind did not amount to suspicion. The thought of strychnine crossed his mind, but not in the character of a suspicion, for the Symptoms were quite explicable by hysteria. They knew that hysteria very often simulated tetanus to a certain extent and, so far as the symptoms he saw were concerned, they might wily have been produced by hyEteria, andpersons who were png. nant were more liable to h Mr. Barret.-Was Mlrs. Dove pregant ? Mr. Morley. -She was four months gone. The Coroner.-Would you state what rnedicines Mfrs. Dove was taking by your prescription prior to her*death ? Mr. Morley.-.The deceased was tala g an effervescing mixture madenp in two bottles, and had been taking it muore than a wee&, consisting of carbonate of soda and spirits of lemon in one bottle, and tartaric acid and water in the other. The contents of neither bottle Would have a taste. By Mr. Barret.-I am now speaking from the prescription, as I did not see the medicines made up. By the Coroner.-I afterwards saw those bottles in the room of the deceased, the contents of which were rtly taken. On the 25th the medicine was changed; in my absence my pupil, Mr. Scarth, saw her and prescribed a mixture containinl ether, valerian, and endme; On the same day I prescribed'a mixture of ether, valerian, and decoction of aloes. Thecolour of that wouldbe avery dark brown, and the taste would be bitter, and rather burning from the ether. The other medicine was similar on the 26th ; the medicine was ether, valerian, aloes, and gentian. On the 28th a sedative draught was ordered, containing opium and valerian. This would also have a rather bitter. taste. On the 29th similar medicines were-continued, the draught to be taken if severe spasms returned. No change was made in the. medicines on Saturday, as she was better. The question of bitterness arose on the 23d, when they were not bitter; but they were bitter after Monday, until her death. Thefollowing arethe prescriptions ordered:- " On February 15 Mrs. Dove had an effervescing mixture sent; one bottle contained the akaine mixture, consisting of carbconate of soda and syrup of lemons ;and the acid mixture containing tartaric acid. At the same time was sent a linament, consisting of compound soap linatment and opium. "18th.-Pills of compound rhubarb and blue pill. "25th.-A mixture containing compound spirit of sulphuric ether, ammoniated tincture of valerian, and tincture ef henbane. Later in the day; another mixture, containing compound spirit of sulphuric ether, ammoniated tincture of valernan, and compound decoction of aloes. " 26th.-Same mixture, with infusion of gentian, and same pills as before. " 28th.-A draught consisting of Batley's solution of opium and the ammoniated tincture of valerian. "29th.-The same kind of mixture and same draught." Each of the three portions into which the stomach andits contents were dividedwas sabjected to the following process of analysis:- " 1. It was mixed with a sufricient portion of distilled water, acidulated with a sufficient portion of sulphuric acid, heated in a porcelain dish, and then the liquid portion was separated by iiltration. The liquid portionthus filteredcwas treated with carbonate of lime, so as to neutralize the sulphuric acid. It was then slowly evaporated until it became nearly dry. " To this mass rectified spirit was added, in progressive portions, so as, with the aid of heat, to dissolve anystrychnine which it might contain. The spirituous solution thus obtained was then eiitered, and then gently evaporated in a porcelain vessel until it acquired the consistence of syrup. To this syrupy mass, which would contain any stryc nine present in the stomach, we appEed the various tests which are characteristic of that poison, namely:- " L The test of taste. Both the spiritous extract andthe spiritoussolutionhad decidedcthe bittertaste of strychnine. Thisproof wve tink of almost equal importance with the direct chymical tests. "2. To a portion of the yrupy mass we applied a little pure nitric acid. This produced a red colour, showing the presence of strychnine in its ordinary state. "3. To another portion we app lied, first, a little acetic acid, and then a solution of chloride of gold. This produced a yellowish white precipitate, showing also the presence of strychnine. "4. To another portion we applied first, fine concentrated sulphuric acid, and then added a solution of bichromate of potash. The result was a purple colour, changing to red, again showing the presence of strychnine. This test was varied by using the bichromate of potash powder, instead of in solution. The result was essentially the same. "Every test was applied by each ofusseparately, and 'Was repeated many times, with such variations in the mode as would detect an;y error or fallacy which might have crept in. Te same sercs of tests was at the same time applied to strychnine itself, for the purpose of comparson. "During the whole of our investigation of the stomach and its contents, the apparatus used and our tests were kept in the laboratory under lock and key, so that no person but ourselves could obtain access to them. " By this ainalysis we consider the fact proved that the stomach of M1rs. Dove contained strychnine in sufficient quantity to cause death. "GEORGE MORLEY. "THoMAS XUNNE." Aloes would produce a colour resembling the red colour I have described, but we applied a subsidiary test to prove that it was strychnine. Mr. Barret requested that the subsidiary tests should be also stated, and it was arranged that they should be -wintten out ; but, as they transpired during subsequent examinations of Mr. Morley by Mr. Barret, it was nnderstood that the report presented would be sufficient, MSr. Nunneley observing that the other tests were not characteristic . the tests given were not characteristic, but merely confirmatory, and they were only of value as corroborating the characteristic tests.-- Mr. Morley resumed his evidence by saying,-I stated on tFriday that the symptoms were only referableto strychm e, and, taking them as a whole, that is the case; separate they Mere the symptoms of hysteria, but, as a whole, they were those of strychnine. Theywere the symptoms of strycshnine, and I know of no other cause which would produce them all m the samle violence. Hysteria would produce some and tetanus others, but neither would preduce symptoms in this form. On Thursday morning last I had a conversation with Mr. Dove withzreference to the examination of his wife. I had called at the house of his mother to see a child, and he called me aside into another roo-n He and I and his miother sat together. He then said "I wish to know, Mr. Morley, what you have found "'7 He also mentioned poison, and I think he added, "H Have you found poison?" but during the conversation he mentioned poison. I replied, " We have not yet finished our analysis, and I cannot give an opinion, but I cannot say we have found any natural disease to account for death. Neither he nor I mentioned strychnine, he having been and procured somo at my surgery. He said, '{Doyou, Mr. Morley, suspect me of poisoning ? I)o you think I could be so cruel? " I said, " My suspicions rather lean to some accidental poisoning, knowing that poison was in the house. I fear some may have been spilled by accident among the food, and that was my reason for pressing upon you a post mortemr examination." Again he said, "Can you asuect me?" Isaid, "How couldI? Idosuspect an accdent might happen." He then said, "ShouldlIhave done it openlyif 1 meant to poison? Should I have come to your surgery for poison ? ShouldIhave talkedaboutit to others?" naming, I think, his mother. Then the conversation closed with a repeated request that I would let him know the result. He also sad, "Ef strychnine is found, what will I be the result P I don't remember in what part of the conversation strychnine was used, but it was before I told Mr. Dove that I rather suspected accidental poisoning. I can give you the substance of the conversation, but I caunot repeat the precise words. Thie word strychnine was mentioned when he asked as to what we hadfound. We knew what was meant clearly, and therefore were not so specific as might otherwise have been the case, but the words "poison" and " strychnine" were used. I would state that during the conversation with reference to what had been obtained from my surgery, and as to proceeding with the analysis of the stomach,tthe words "strychnine" ad ":poison" were repeatedly used by both of us, but I cannot give to each the~ exact part of the conversation in which they occurred. It was an admitted fact that he had got strychn ine from my surgery. He begged I would inform him of the result ot the inlqu,iry, a7nd saidl, " As soon as you find. anything wi you let mc knoMw P" My rePly was "ThatI did not know when we should conclude with the analysis." I also conversed with him at the time about the cat and the way in which he had taken care of the strychnine. He said he had brought it home carefuly wrapped in paper, -with the word "poison" written upon it and had placed it in the razor-box ; that he had shown it to Mrs. Dove, and told her, "This is poison, deadly poison, to poisonI vermin with, and you must not touch it at all." Having learnt that he had obtained strychnine from the surgery twice, I asked him how often he had obtained it? He said, "Only one." I asked him if he had done anything else with it than poison the cats? He said, " I have put some on some cheese to place in the servant's bedroom to kll mice." I said, "H Iow long have you had strychnne aboutthe house in the whole ?" He said, either "About 10 days," or "perhap 10days." In answerto his question I what would be the result if I found strychnine-vhatI vwould the jury say-l said, " I cannottell, it 'wil be very serious. There will be only three ways of accounting for it -either that it was taken by Mrs. Dove herself ; or that it was taken by accident; or gven by some one designedlythe jury must decide which" He made no further remark upon that, excepting an earnest entreaty that I would let him know the result. The Coroner.-Can you form any opinion in what quantities and how often itwas given? - Mr. Morley.-I think it must have been given at least four times during the week of her death. From the por- tions weofound I should say.several grains altogether, batI cannot say what quantity each time. The effects of strychnine generally show themselves within half an hour. The medicine-would neither materially increase nor diminish the effect produced. I think it might, the liquid containing alkaline, have the effect of rendering the effect slower, for strychnine with an acid is soluble, withan .alkaline nearly insoluble, and her:medicines were an alkaline. The Coroner.-In what way do yousuppose it was given ? 3Sr. Morley.-My impression is that it would,be given in the mnedicine, more especially so in the last dose. Mr. Barret.-Do you take that from your own reasonings. or from the evidence given here ? Mi, P[vrley,-I iudge frQn She fact, The efecte QccW4d too late after tea for strychnine to have been taken then. me medicine was g xven atSand the effects fool(cpU6eti` a sirte of ant hour af I Ajurymai.-D;d I understani Mr. Morleytbat-ir.Dove had oLD, obtained strychnine once? The O ner.-He said, Mr. Dove only said once. - y Mr. Barret.-If the dose Ia dteenz taken at te time, the effects rouild have been sooner, and I asimuo that from one grain to three must have been taken from -ite viblence of the symptoIns, and also from the early yeeurrntb of the symptoms, as a smaller dose would operte mnore slbwly. -1 thin t possible that if half the quantity h'ad ieen taken at tea time the symptoms would not have been the samethey wvould have occurred earlier. If half the quantity had been given at tea time- the symptoms would have occurred within half an hour. If half a grain of strychnine, the effects would. be -seer,inahalf an hour-the symptoms wouldbethesame, butwould be diminished in strength and |rapidit-yaccording-tothequantity taken, and the health and constitutionwould have aneffecetof modifyingthe symaptoms if the dosewa small,butif itwaslargethey-wouldhaveavery slight effect. Iflhadnotbeeninformed thatthemedicine was given at 8 o'clock, Ishould probably have said the strychnine was given within half an hour. I stated on Friday that I had made a post mortem examination in case of a death from strychnine,andinbonjimction*ith Mr. Nunneley I analysed the contents of the stomach. That was in May, 1855. mat was the first post mortem analysis for the purpose of ascertaining -the presence of strychnine that I have made. The cases are rare. We made the analysis in that case four or five days after death. On the fourth or fiLfth day I discovered strychnine. Fzrom that time I have made no analysis upto thiscase. We used every test in Mrs. Dove's case that we applied in the other, and several additional-ones. As to this particular analysis, we divided the stomach into three portions. We commenced the analysis on Monday night abont 10 o'clocL, and it would be on 4 or 5 o'clock the folowing morning we first applied the test. It might ba 3 o'clock. The first test we applied was taste,; and we then discovered the bitter taste. Tlhe next. test was nitric acid, after that we applied acetic acid, and chloride of :gold, and then sulnhuric acid and hichromate of potash. The nitric acli produced a red colour on its first application. It produced pr-imf farcie evidence of the presence of strychnine on its first application. The evidence it' produced vas the appearance of a red colour. There was nothing eLse. -We applied the nitric acid several times that morning, and the effect was the same in kind but not in degree, because we had difference of quantity; -we varied the stren,gth and degree of concentration of spirituous extract, and also because we varied the tests to the Nos. 1, 2, and 3 portions under analysis. When I said inkind-, I meant the same red colour, but not in the same intensity. The presene of morphia and opium in the stomach might have produced a red coloar. The aPppEation of acetic acid and chloride of gold gave us evidence of the presence of- strychnine in the same degree as by the nitric acid, the colour being different. It was a yellowisa-white precipitate. The sulphuric acid produced but little effect, but on adding bichromate of potash a purple colour was produced, changing to red. Mr. Barret.-From the application of tests ap5plied on Tuesday morning did you then discover strychnine. Mr. Morley.- am guided by rules laid do by ou highest authorities not to allow myself to form a concusio until all tests are applied. Mr. Barret.-But was the result such as to satisfy you -there was strychnine? Mr. Morley. -There was strong prim4 facie evidence of strychnine. On Tuesday we resumed the analysis between 3 and 4 o'clock. We had a short interval at tea time, but continued until alate hour.- We repeated the same and other tests, and with the same results, and we also applied ammonia. The evidence was a slight cloudy precipitate, whitish, which was confirmatory, but not conclusilve in itself. We ceased the analysis near midnight. I am not sure, but I think we applied potash on that day, which also p roduced confirmatory evidence-a slight whitish precipitate, bUt, as in the case of ammonia, itwasnotinitself conclusive. As we proceeded we did not takes notes of every minute result, but on the Tuesday morning, after the close of the analysis, we did, each making our own notes. I nade very brief minutes-not step by step-but as to the general results. I made mine at home. On Wednesdaywe resumed the analysis between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Iam not sure whether we added any teit on that day, but Iought to mention that on the Tuesday we applied proto-chloride of tin as a subsidiary test to the red produced by the nitric acid, in order to show whether the colour was produced by strychne or some other cause ;and the resultwasthat itwas produced by strychnine. On the Wednesday we chiefly repeated thesame tests in different forms, varyi the quantity of the spirituous extract. On that day I think we examined more particularly the intestines, applying the same tests with similar results but less decisive. At the close of the examination on #ednesday evening I felt in my own mind certain-indeed I felt certain before, but I would not say, to my own mind, certain, being deternined to suspend my judgment. We tried experiments on Thursday, and as late as 5 o'clock on Friday morning I tried another test myself. If I had been asked at the close of Wednesday's analysis by any person to whom I was bound to give an opminon, as on an inquest, I should have said that the cause of deathwas strychnine-but from a stranger I sho'uld have withheld mny opinion. Indeed, if I had been examined on Tuesday, I should have said that in my opinion strychnine was the cause of death. The Coroner.-You would have said so, without an analysis, from the symptoms? MIr. Morley.-Yes. By Mr. Barret.-On Wednesday morning I received from my pupil, MIr. Scarth, a bottle containing the remains of the medcine, composed of ether, of valerian, aloes and gentian, which I had prescribed. I found it to contain those substances. I appointed tests to discover strychnine, butit did not answer to any test. There was no strychnine. I have preserved it-there were three or four ounces. That bottle had one of my printed labels on it, with the writing of one of my pupils. The opinion I have expressed that the decease must have taken strychnine four times was formed partly from observation, partly from a history of the sy'mp toms described to me, also from the evidence on this inquTry. It was not from the analysis, but I may say my opinion was confirmed by the results of the analysis. In my opinion there is no one substance which alone will determine the presence of strychnine in the human frame. No one professes there is. Mr. Barret.-Will yougive me a list of what you consider the best combination for discovering strychnine ? Mfr. Morley.-The best combination for a joint test, in my opinion, to detect strychnine in its ordinary state, is the actionof nitric acid, followed byproto-chloride of iron. This I think would be a conclusive test of strychnine in its ordinary state. I should not like to taLe any combination as conclusive if I could apply other tests, but if I was limited to its use, andwere boand to give an opinion upon those tests, I should give my belief that it would be sufficient to prove the presence of strychnine. I think it is a certain test of strychnine in its ordinary state, but it is not a certain test of the presence of strychninewhen it is not in its ordinarystate. Iwill explain. Strychnine, as sold b druggists and as used by medical men, contains a little ofXa substance called brucia; the red colour I described as the test of nitric acid may be produced from bdias, and cannot be relied on as a certain test of strychnine, perfectly pure and free from brucia, but all ordinarystrychnmecontains brucia, andthere. fore all strychnine affords this red colour. The stryehnine inmy surgery contains brucia, and therefore affords the red colour. The combination of tests I have mentioned I think conclusive evidence of the presence of strychnine in ordinary cases, but I should always look for confirmatory evidence. I am not prepared to say I could by any one test discover strychnine withoutbrucia. There is not the same difficulty in degree with reference to all vegetable poisons. When MIr. seve earnestly requested me to let him know if I had discovered anything, itwas after I had suggested that some of this strychnine might have been spilt by accident among the food, and so taken by Mrs. Dove. It was also after that he asked me what the jurywould say if I found any. Mr. Barret.-Did you not say to him, "Have you got strychnine from my place once or twice ? Did he not say twice? Mr. Morley.-He said once. I am certain of it. If he states that he only got it once he is stating that which is not true. I believe he repeated that he had it only once. He also said that he had tried it once for the purpose of kIlling cats, and it had failed, and that he had tried it again. I did not ask him what time elapsed between using it the first and second times? I don't reme'mber his saying anything about the strychnine being kept in any other place than his razor box. I think he said he had it upstairs. When he said he had put some on somne choose in the servant's bedroom, he warned liar. When Mr. Dove came to me on Saturday night and asked me to take Dr. Hobson with me, he spoke in an excited way, and I thought it might aise from the circumstances under which he came; but a suspiCon crossed my mind that it might arise from some other cause. The tone of his conversation was not that of a sober man-the change of topics and tone, from anxiety to a light and frivolous manner. Mis excitement when speaking of his wife's death I attributed to mental anxiety, but when he got-to talk of the war, peace, and other things, I did not think so. I entered the room before him. When he came in he sat upon a chair, then rose and went to the be where his wvife lay, as if in extreme grief. On 'Dr. Hobson's sug- I gestion he was removed from the room. I: did not see hinm any more that night. I made inquiries of Mxrs Witham, in the presence of Mrs. Wood, as to the symptoms which had been exhibited. On Sunday I examined the body, especially as to rigidity, and did not examine as to wounds until I was ordered by Mr. Blackburn to make a post msn-tem examination. I examined for a wound to account for tetanus, but if there had been a wound I should not have thought it arose from tetanus. I only got one bottle from Mr. Dove's house. Prior to a fortnight before her death I prescribed quinine. I do-not know that the genuine medicone was all used on Saturday, the 23d. By the Coroner.-Both before and after Ihad suggested that strychnine might have been spilt he asked me to let him know what was the result. By hr. Barret.-I think I did not mention to Mrs. Dove, the mother of the prisoner, that I thought the deceased might have diedby poison. Ipreme& vesry strongly for au examination, and I expressed some suspicions, but I expressed myself with great deEcacy. Prior to that I ascer. tained that strychnine had gone from my surgery.' The jury retired at two o'clock for refreshment, and the inquiry was resumed at twenty minutes to three. M1r. John Blletson said,-I a a pupilef Mr. Morley's. I knowv theprisoner, andhavek;nowfn jnim tworthreemonths. He has been in the habit of coming toour surgery, occasionally. On some of these occasions.I have had conversations with him-about a month since. The'firsttime wouldbe a month since. Be called at the surgey for some medicine. I don't recollect the exact cbnversation Mr. Barret.-I must ask youto take that answer.- The Coroner.-We will see if le knows the exact words. Mr. Barret.-I want the anser. The Coroncr.-Youmust allowmne to conduct the inquiry,if not I must prevent your apuearing. Mr. Barret.-I only want the answer. By the Coroner..-I don't recollect the converation. Ie began b talking aboutPalmer's case. He skid he beLeved strychnine could not be detected- 'BTat was duri the convrsaionabot Plme's ase He-said' he thought i but I d6iit reiembejth 6 others. He asked me the efects of strychliie-n iman - - lkhe Coroner,-Give us the words.- Mr.E1letson.-I can't tell the exact words. In xubatanoe, le asked me the eS cts of sbrychnine on man. I told him it produced pasms and Contrction of the muscles. Lshowed rerAar & hoed hira the laoe where it spoke of strychnine, and he appeared to rea 'it. After he had read it he said something, but I don't recollect what it was. He said his house was infested with cats -that he wanted to destroy. I don't remember that I said anything in reply. He aked for some poison to kill them, as hethou5ht it would be the best way. I don't recollect the exactwordshe used. As near as I can remember, ie aid, " I think laying somepoison for them will be the best way of killng them." I think Ireplied, I thought it would be the best way. He asked for some strychnine. The Coroner.-Repeat the words he used. Mr. Elletson-I can't repeat the words. IHe asked me for strychnine in some way or other. The Coroner.-It is strange when be asked you for poison that you don't recollect what he said. Cant you tell us what he said? Mr. Elletson.-I can't give the words. He asked. for F ome strychnine, and I said I could give him some if he wanted it, and I gave him about 10 grains, and wrapped it mp in white foolscap paper, and wrote the word " poison" pon it. I told himn he wsS to take care of it and not let it get lost. He did not say anything more. The Coroner.-W&S anything said about antimony? Mr. Elletson,-I think he saw the bottle, and said that was thepoison that Palmer used. He looked at the bottles, and then took the bottle containing antimony, and made the esemark I have mentioned. The Coroner.-Did you say anything about it.? Mr. Flletson.-No, f believe not. He called again at our surery in about a week, when he came for some medicine for his wife. He said he had poisoned one cat, and that the rest of the poison had been washed away by the rain. There was, he said, another cat about the place which he wished to destroy also, and he added, " I thlik I will set some more if you will give me a little." I gave him. about five grains more, in the same kind of paper as the.other. He said, " I think you had better write 'poison' Union it," and I did. I think he went away then. I have haa other conversations with him, but not upon that subject. I have had no conversationwith him relating to the illness or death of his wife. I have been from home. A Juryman.-Can you specify the date on which Mr. Dove first got the poison? Mr. Elletson.-I cant. I have made inquiries, but cannot find it out. It was a month sinoe, and the day. I did give hima it I told Mr. Scarth, another pupiL. By Mr. Barret.-I. have known Mr. Dove piety well since he first came for his wife's medicine-that Iwiould be two or three months since. IHe came once or twrice a fortnight. We talked to ether in a friendly mauner; and smolked our pipes together. fle did not say he had come into a house infested with cats. I think poison was first *3mentioned in Palmer's case. As far as I can recollect I will say Palmer's case was mentioned before he talked about the destruction of cats, but I won't swear positively that it was. He said somethiagto the effect that he had got a great many cats about the house, and he wanted to get rid of them.' I won't say that was the reason why strychnine was named, but I believe Palmer's case was mentioned first. He did not say, " Give me some arsenic or other poison to destroy the cats." I won?t swear that arsenic was not named at that interview, but it was not in conversation about the cats. The strychnine was kept in a bottle. Mr. Barret.-Did you not, 'when arsenic vas mentioned, take down the strychnine bottle and say, "I will give you something much more deadly ?" Mr. Elletson.-NT, I did not. I don't recollect rsenic being named, but I won't swear it was not. It was after I took the strychninebottie downandgave him the strychnine. I took down Pereira's Zateria Medica, and showed him the passage about strychnine. He remained with me about halfan-hour. I think it was in the afternoon. Imentioned the test fordiscovering.strychninebeforelshowed him thebook; -not at the time, but I won't swear positively one way or the other. Mr. Barret.-Did you point his attention to the passage in which nitric acid was mentioned as a test? Mr. Elletson.-No; I pointed out the passage giving the effects, and I suppose that at the same place it would mention the tests. We had only one bottle in the surgery, and it would contain two or three drachms. We have not, that I am aware of, had any sup ly of strychnine since I came. We get it fromMx. ReinMairt's. I don't know how often we have been supplied with it. It is not much used. The second interview was about a week after the first, towards evenng. lHe cameformedicine, and Ishould enter it in the book. I enter it without reference to who maLes it up. It was the first time I mentioned it to Mr. Scarth. By the Coroner.-If Ilhad the books I could not tell the date. By Mr. Barret.-I never mentioned to Mr. Morley that I had given Mr. Dove strychnine. The surgery boy, namedPeacocl;, was present when I gave him strychninethe last time. Mr.' John William Soarth said-I am a pupil with fr. Morley. I know the prisoner. I remember Elletson telling me he had iven the prisoner strichnine, but whether it was the same nmght he had given him it, or a day or two -after, I don't recollect. It was about 31 o'clock at night, about four weeks ago, but I don't know the day. I have thought the subject over, but I cannot come to any conclu; sionas to the day. I saw Ms. Dove on the morring of the 25th of February, about a quarter-past ii. She wasin bed, partly undressed. She had spasms and muscular contractions, but her mind was unimpaired. I noticed that there were twitchings of the muscles of the face, and that during those twitchings theteeth were broughttogether. and the fingers were grasped towards the palm of the hand. I did not notice that t ere was any arching of the body, or throwing herself back. Her headwas thrown back slightly. Iwas at the medical school at the lecture, and vas called out a few minutes before 11 o'clock. I found Mr. Dove af the surgery, and I returned with him to his house. On our way Mr. Dove used words to this effect, "If my wife were to die, would there be a coroner's inquest, or would the coroner require an examination?" (Sensation.) I said I thought the coroner's jurisdiction only extended to cases of sudden death, accident, or death from poisoning. Then he asked if Mr. Morley would have an examination, and I said most likely he would, as he generally had examinations. He did not say anything more. The Coroner-Did he say anything about a post mouiemn Mr. Scarth.-When I said Mr. Morley would like an examination,hesaid, "rmsure my wife would not like one, neither should I, nor my family." I said, "I T have no doubt you would object, because you objected when 3Mr. Mforley wanted to make an examination of your father." I think that was the whole of the conversation on the subject. I saw Ms. Dove on Thursday, the 28th, when she was suffering from the same kind of attack, but more violent. She was still sensible. I don't recollect anything she saidto me. Iaskedherif shefelt any painbetweenthe shoulders, near the chest, and she said, "Yes, very bad when the attacks are on." I also asked if she foamed at the mouth and bit her teeth, and either she or Mrs. Witham, who wVas there, said she had not. When I asked her if she had pain, she spoke and said she had during the paroxysms. She was not better when I left. As soon as I saw Mr. Morley I toldhim that I had been to see Mrs. Dove, and she continued in the same state as when he had seen her. The spasm was not continuously violent, but was off and on. Her husband was in the room at the time. I told them they had better give her a sedative dr-aughwt which had been sent for her to take in the evening, and that Mr. Dove had bcetter return wvith me, and I would give him another. Between 10 and 11 o'clock on Saturday night, the 1st. inst., I was in Mr. Morley's yard, when some one passed me, and I recognized the person as Mr. Dove. I asked him howv Ms. Dove was. He said, she was much worse- that lie had come to request Mr. Morley to go and take ISr. Hobson with him. By a Juryman.-Mrs. Dove took the draught on Thursday night, but I did not stayto see what effect it had. Mr. Dove was going to give her the draught, and he said, "Oh, wait until this spasm is off," and he did. By Mr. Barret.-That draught consisted of Batley's solutionof opium and an ammonical tincture of valerian. When Elletson told me he hadgiven Mr. Dove strychnine, he said it was for the purpose of poisoning cats. Be only mentioned having given it once. MEr. Eletson re-called.-It was on the evening of the day I gave Mr. Dove the strychnine that I told Mr. Scarth. Mr. Scarth examined.-Elletson did not tell me the conversation about Palmer's case. I knew nothing of his having given Dove strychnine twiice until a day or twvo ago. When I mentioned the matter to MIr. MIorley I did not knowv the strychnine had been given twice. lr. Morley re-called and examined by Mr. Barret.-I was first informed that styrchuine had been given by aletter from Elletson to Mr. Scarth on the Wednesday or Thursday morning. We wrote to Eiletson'to inquire, and he wrote to say he had given Mr. Dove strychnine twice-first, about 10 grains, and the second time about five. Mfr. Scarth's re-examined, by Mr. Barret.-That was the first time I knew strychnine had been given twice. James Peacock said-l am smcgery boy to Mr. Morley. I know the prisonerbyhis coming for his wife's medicines. I have known him smce December. I have been present in the surgery nearly every time he came. I was present aboult four or five wreeks ago when Mr. Dove came for his wifes medicine. He lookXed at the bottles and said, "Tartarate of antimony," and observed, " I suppose this is what Palmer ldlled his wife with." On the same Ehelf was i strychnie, and he said, " I suppose they can't test strychnine ?" I said, " Yes; they can." He replied, " They can test all minerals and vegetables, but strychnine." I said, "Yes; they can, Mr. Morley tested it and found in the stomach of a young wfoman who died at New-road-end.7' I don't know that anything else took place. I was present when Mfr. lletson gave him strychnine the second time. It would boa fortnight before Mrs. Dove's death, ihe said, "I have put some strychnine on some meat and a cat got some and was found dead about 20 yards from the place. He added, speaking to Mr. Elletson, "Will you give me a little more, as there. are some more cats 1 want to ldl? . Mr. Eletson q.6ve him some, aoiout four or five grains, wrapped it in a whate powder paper. Mr. Eesson wrote the word " Poison" upon it. It was at my suggestion, when Mr. Dove was putting it into his pocket. I said, " You had better have poison written on it, as some one may get hold of it." He then gave it to Mr. Elletson, who wrote " Poison" upon it. These are the only two occasions on which Iheard him say anything about poison. Mr. Thomas Nunneley said,-I am a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons, practising in Ieeds. Mr. lbrtey andi made a post ,no,-tc examination of the deceased. I agree with Mr. Morley in that evidenoe, and the report read by 3fr. Morley on Friday and this morning was our joint report. I agree with him also as to the, analysis. -I heard the examination on Friday of Mrs. Witham, Mrs. Fisher, -and Miss Wood, and from their evidence, indipendent of 'thi analysis I am of opinion that';d4th. wag caused -by. strychnine. I have no doul-:5ahoist. it. The symptoms are referable -to no otht &uaWe.. Tetanus resembles the symptoms of poison by strychnine. The difference is-tetanus is a disease of days, strychnine 'of hours and minutes. Tetanus is far less violent nm its effects. It comes on by degrees, affecting the jaws, hence the ters. "hik-jw ; th hads nd ear bengaffected last, whil in srycnin the' ae te fist.I aree'with Mr. -Morley in is naysi. A son s te rocss assuffieiently~com- satisfied that death had been caused by strychnine. I don't -know the-tiiee- but ihat -is the-best chyanicl al wT _. The presence of strychnine was first found by taste, and theu by thetwochynmicaltestfs 2Not themostremote auestion can arise-s tfo thc state'cf the heart as the cause of death. It I was healthy. Ido!'t kn6w I ever examined a body naore free from orgacisease. *I know of no other substance Whichi coldhaveprodlucud thesameeffects aswere e'idencedI by the symptoras of the deceased, or wouldhave resultedthe same in the analysit. I should ftink, from the'symp. toms, that strychnine had been administered to Mrs. Dove within half-an-hour of the time of her death. Mr. Nunneley, during the remuinder of his evidence, stated that there wasno organic disease obervable in the deceased. In his opinion death resulted from strychniine. The Coroner.-Have you any doubt about it? M1r. Nunneley.-No. There is no other substance which would have prodnced the same effects durbig life xnd in the analysis. Some of the tests I should not like to rely upon alone; but, taidng them as a whole, I think they ate infallible and conclusive, precluding the possbility of any other substance producingtlle same appearance in ;a the tests. In reply to a3urnan, M. Xunneley said, he had no doubt there had been more doses than one given, but it was the last dose-which caused death. Strychnine not being a cumulative poison the other doses -would have passed off. Elizabeth Fisher, maid servant in the employ of the prisoner and the deceased, gave evidence to the effect that it was on the 10th of February when Mr. Dove took the posonhome. She also spoke astothe poisoning of the cats, but denied that they were troubled with cats. She said the prisoner often went home drunk and treated his wife with great unkindness. He often swore at her and struck her, and on more than one occasionhe hadthreatenedtokillher. About a fortnight after they came to Leeds, on his coning home drunk, she remonstrated with him, and he told her he would do her job for her one time or anofher ; and on a Saturday, shortly afterwards, when he again came home drunk, he ordered the witne ss out of the dining room, and a few mninutes afterwards she heard the deceased scream out. She ran into the room, and found the prisonerholding his wife by his left hand, while he was flourishinz the carvingknife over her with the other. He also caled her by an opprobrious name. On aLother occasion he strcck her over t e head, and she went - upstairs and fainted; and a few days ofterwards, Ol her requesting him not to go out, he told her to mind her own business, or'he wouldagive her a pill that would do for her. In consequence of those'! threats the deceased requested the witness, in the event of her death, to urge h~er (the deceased's) friends to have s. post m ertnL examination, as she -was sure her husband would do something to her. The inquest w as then again adjourned until Wednesday. The prisoner was in court during the inquiry, but did not appear to take mauch interest in the proceedings.
2HE ENGILISH SQUADRON 'INV TE KAMTS- aHLA TKA H S EA. TO THE EDITO OF TME TDUES. Sir,-Wheri information reched this country that the Russian squadron from Petropaulovski had been seen at anchor in Castries-bay, in the Gulf of Tarary, and that they had subsequently taken refuge in the Amoor River, much comment was not made, becanse all the circumstances connected 'with the a&ihir were not then fully known. More important events in the Crimea have since diverted attention from the eastern seas; but, as the Admiralty have not thought fit to enli"hten us much, I trust you will not deema it nreasonable ifl beg leave to recall the subject to your notice. It is now, however, well known* that, on the20th of May, 1855. a British as adron, consisting of Her ajesatVs ship Sybifle, 40-gun frigate, the Hon C. Elliot, Commodore;Her majesty!s ship Hornet, steam-corvette, and' Herl!ajesty's brig Bittern, discovered and exchanged shots with a =Rssian squadron, consisting of one frigate, one long corvette, two corvettes or axmed transports, one brig, and one small steamer, securely moored in a strong position in Castries-bay. The Commodore did not deem it pruLdentto attempt to force a passage into an unlmknown anchorage so well defended, and with the entrance apparently almost i blocked up. So far no blame can be imputed io him; but mow for his subsequent proceedings. It appears that no reinforcement was then vwithin 1,500 miles of him, and that he deemed it proper to communicate with his admiral (Sir J. Stirling). The Bittern sailed on this duty on the night of the 20th, and, by way of wishing her good speed, the Sybille and Hornet accompanied her to the southward until tne 23d, when she parted company, and the commodore, with the Hornet, commenced craising to intercept the Russian quadron he had left behiudhim. Finding, however, that the Russians did not come to him he returned to Castries-bay on the 27th, when he had the mortification of discoverinn that the enemy had availed themselves of his absence, and hadretired 'with their whole force to the Amoor River, where they probably are to this -Although the Admralty may have received such information as may have induced them to consider it inexpedient to order a court-martial or court of inquiry into conduct whieh in former days would certainly have called for one, I cannot believe that their Lordships did entertain so high an opinion of the bright example of this vigilant and meritorious commodore as to recorrmend him for the appointment which the newspapers have awarded him-that of 'OAidede Camp to Her Atajesty?l Perlarps, Sir, you may not deem it improper that the question should be asked, by whom was this ofli6er selected for the honour conferred upon him? There was a time (many years ago) when "power behind the Throne" was I much talked of, but are we quite sure that no influence now exists behind the chief occupants of seats at the private council table? Whence can we otherwise believe we trace so many recent examples of disregard of public opinion, and an apparent determination to reward the very men least entitled to honourable distinction? . 'T.-W.- I * See " lNotes on the1ateExpedathon igiE hRsineteel pin Eastern Siberia; " jby Captain Bernaerd'Wbittingbam, Pi.X
THE IATIOxA;L SuNDAY LEAGU.-Ijast n7mg'ht a arge public meeting, composed mostly of working men, andincunding a considerableproportion of women, was held at St. Martin's-hall, Long-acre, to promote the objects of the National Sunday League, recently established to obtain the opening of the British Museum and other national institutions on Sundays. Sir J. Shelley, H.P., who presided, briefly explained the objects of the meeting and the League, and excused himself from discussing the question on its merits, after having so recently expressed his views upon it -when the motion of Sir 3. Walmsley -was the subject of debate in the House of Commons. Mr. Joseph George moved the first resolution, to the effect that the meeting, while aclnowledging the relgious and temporal obBgations to maintain the Sunday as a day bf rest, devotion, and innocent enjoyment, viewed with deep concern the stringent regulations -with which organized bodies in the country were endeavouring to shackle it, and pledged itself to defend to the utmost the right of the people to the free and rational enjoyment of that day. He contended that the question at issue was simply a social, and not a religious one at all, and that those who treated it in any other light sought to throw dust in the eyes of the community. He also twitted Sir Benjamin HaU with a want of common manliness in not voting for the motion of Sir J. Walmsley, after ordering the band to play in Kensingtongardens on Sundays; but excused this inconsistency by calling him a INinisterial hack Mr. Ireson, in seconding the motion, considered that the question had not received its final solution by the recent division of the House of Commons-that the feeling of the country had yet to be fairly polled -upon it, and derided the notion, so industriously propagated by the Sabbatarian party, that the Ievae was au organised effort to deprive the people of theroweekly day of rest. He contended, too, that if they began by shutting the public out of the British Museum and other kindred institutions on Sunday, they ought to to on in al consistency and edclude them from Eampton wOUrt Palace sand the Botanical Gardens at ew on that day. Charles Murray, a working man, amid some disapprobation, moved an amendment, deprecating tlhe attem~pt now vmade to infinge on "the people's day of rest," by openulg the eahibitions of private speculators, and advocating a weekly half-holyday as a meanus of settlig the matter in dispute. wames Baxendale, another artisan, seconded the amendment, on the ground that the Sabbath was an ordinance of God, and that the opening of places of recreation on that day would impose an amount of labour upon all connected with their management to which it was not just to subject them. The original motion was pat and carried by an immense majority. Mr. Periit then moved a resolution, commending to the support of the meeting the eadeavouirs mnade by the aNational Sunday Lened to promote th openimg of the 33ritish Meum, National Galler, Ccrystal Pace, and sinilar institutions on Sunday afternoon. He. submitted that in promoting those objects they were but treading in the s,teps of Luther, Calvin, and tilton, and acting in the spirit of justice, and that the observance of the Sabbath as a strict holyday rested on preconceLved notions which did not adhit of proof. A worknmg man named reobinson seconded the resolution, and, in doing so, denied that the Sabbath was a Divine institution. The motion 'was carried ast a few dis sentients. On the motion of Mr. Kenny, seconded by Mr. Turley. a resolution was almost unanimously agreed to, expressnmg the thanks of the meetig to the mnority of the House of Commons who speported fhemotionof SirJ. Walmsley "inthe faceof int o laubon and the prospect of inevitable defeat," and aing, t oes. mention of Lord Stanley and Sir JJ.Shelley. S ir . Walmaley, 'who entered the meeting, in the middle of the proceedings, briefly expressed his acknowledgments in behalf of the minority; and, on the motion of Mr. Slack seconded by F. t. Heyworth, M.?., atvote of thanks was passed by acclamation to the chairman, and the meetinWg 'which throughout was most eathnsinatic ia srpport of the objects of the leae, separated. Fox CLuB.-TPe second meeting of the Fox Club this season took place on Saturday evening, at -B,rooks's. Present :-The Marquis Towvnslend, Mr. J. lL Than"ton P., MIr. Jobn Cotes, Mr. B. A. Sanford, the Earl of Gosford, Colonel R. A. ShaftoAdair H.P., the-Hon. Hamailton H. Duncan, iMr. Frederick Duas,- HPa, Lord Sudeleyr Mr. . L F. Stephenson, Viscouiht HhIton, HeP., the Right Hon. Lordi arcus Hill, ho P.,r the iightHon. J. W. Fc t wtrick, Colonel Sir Henry FersgsonDavie, Bart, iP., the aen. CharlesClements, Lord Saye andSele,the Hon. George Byng, H.P., Viscount Ebrington, H.P., Colonel lLonadale Boldero, Sir G. ys. Philips, BCar, IoP., ield-MIhshal the Earlof Strafford, the Hon. T. C. H. Tracy, -iord Charles Fox Rtussell? HE.P., Colonel Robert Ferguson, H.P., and MIr. Edward Blhece, jun., H.P.. Tsris IE5V Bisuor.-The Eon. and Re. :Dr. E. 1!L Villiers, 'who has been elected by the Dlean and Chapter of Carlisle to the bishopric of that diocess, in compliance with Her lMajestys CbNg4 d'dfr ill be consecrated in the course of a few day at the Chapel Royal, Whitehall, the conszzig prelates being the Archbishop of York, the, B3ishop of Chester, and the Bishop of Manchester. Dr. Villers willunot have a seat in the House of Lords until a ivacancy occurs in xsee other than-Cantebr York, London, Durham,j or Winchester,
PARUAMrEPA1Y NfOTICE& ROUSE OF OOMMON& TuESDy. LAiw i 11- - 01xon OF MxOT1Of.N ,I1count melea,-TO as thitAtormey-General wbetesr a law efdicer of the CrOo h & at nc - giveu ,t zS hig OPinitn, 4hat. by th iroionssof the M=etropoisLaI angeaentaActb,18d519 Victoria, c. 120, sec. A, all exseting vestries, whether general or otherwc aro superseded, and their loweras tufeae. to the vesteies anstitute:c under the mid act. Mr. I ling- -o atemmnberfor the Univeaiitf of 'tinb whether section .6 In the appendix 3fo. 2 of the l, reor o U I tatute LIw Comxoiaeioners which contains remafrks-by'XiDr_ o tear. aparently withthei:mplied sanction oftie o . onth epropriet Of2tllsHouseba ' hermienew 7faatst 2=n e eexysiMrgatory lhstocC i g e r s ,~~_ eetdei th e sauat eie,asld~rprw tta ed an7 thriETyof th re einileioer s- cou9Wso lou b Her 1n the above appeX ,othexep da-ted the ~tb.f Jislp ontheI resolutionPasedythis-li, L-ionthe 15th of une, haft tl bill ought.tD be forthwin -,epared, of which the 4llupti ould ibrm the groundwSoa'the And, sameq tcnnith M Elto see4on Tin tle same .Wendiv-' in which the ]?e-sonal Estates of Inte3tate. D3ill, aftaeaio this House. is denoundas by liro. Bellenden Xer. I o1 - r. Ewrksv -Toinqeudie whether the comnmibe6io iaout tfiibe apc ;i.nted oni the system of -purchase ini the army will.h ai ptheer tol euire Into the syseni of e promotion, and the systeis o edction andi examinaton one 5pPoL4ntment and promotion ad i ednt forCigni armies. Mr3fallns,-Bllto abolish all diotticon between apem)y anit MWr. Whitesode,-&ieeccommittee to inquire inlAt tjuiilic citcasur%! fteadDyted toadvaft e schince and improve the peKtite :fitsecul. livators. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ hestt u beosea _NMr. HenryaBaUe,-Onthe motionofM rc. se, to movenlr-adiS intog aiendment:-Thak a select cozoenittbe ern Wf h dieens irS what meagores are soeeaLry for therelbrmtation and i pqvmn oC the diplomatic and conuslarr ervices and of the a tbye adminptered. arV. Raebd;,-dSelelt aonitieto to quire into the c yctaneet of the puha- of the machine and inventionSfor th erB o itog rtieg eto labeaby the Gtioernmenit fnro r. Archeof the iventor; aod alan into the enrcumetauco under wvhichx the existing agrements betweemt the Government and the contractors for gumming and onting thE postag and receipt labels were made. T)&MeMabon.-To carl the attention of the Houje to the subiecE' bcgnetndEallnakill inthecoemyoGy,xxecntean the 2thi of arrhiat; ndt moe fr te apoitmet o silecteomamitten to evse eas fr estaiingth whlealedeopuatOh of rural, diatricts in Irela-d. Mr.Bouverie,-Bill to amend the lws for the removil Df poorD eysi scns chargeable inEngland wbo havTe been bon in certain ettherpart4 af Her Majestygs dominiona. Sir James Hogg.-To call attention to the caims of the Eagt ndE Comnpany on Her 3ajesty`s Goveromentfor N6.535, bxing the balane. of the expenditure by the Government of India, on aecount of the xpedition o Chinand to the correspondence on tie mubject Ia b }efore the House iinKay 1855. Mr.. DuID0p,-Addrese for return of all the reoosis or regicsers'l general and2Particnlar. mn 13Stotud, other thzn books -of courws fo the regitraton of deeds, sasns, Ini}bitions, adjudir-tiG, prete;, ad every othr.. leal instument or rit embraciDg 7arioua pDa Mr. Gladatone,-Addeess for copies or extractg a recent corre. sElndence on ealreistchurchaffairs in the dioce6es of the colones oC Caaa andYictia fr Gladstone,-Addresm for copies or extnacts of ejcupondenoc relative to the church affairs of the diocese or Jamaica. M3r. Cohlhle,-Addrem forretiurnfrom each county in i aZdare4 Wales of the various petty seeoraldiisiona innchcnty and the nameof each place in such divialon at wlhich petty or Epeciai ecsonu are held. Colonel Gilpin.-Address for return of the nunber iof Sien in eadE regiment of mifitia who refiued to be re-attested unler the cirelac from theWar Department, dated March 27, 855. Mr. Glyn,-Ret=rn of any banks, being banuls of iuns rievionst- tA the passing of the act 7thand 8th of Victoria, chap. 32, which bays ceased to issue theirown notes, and of the amount of irculation oC suchbnks respectively, miade up to the preent date. 2 Mr. Dranrmond.-Addrewsforreturnrofall pplication whichhaba beenmode to the Home Department for amilitaxy forceio aid of the civil powerin E3gland and Walesineachof the ilstlyea stating bywhomeachsuchapplicatlonWaJsae; : And, of al cases (not included in the foreoing retern) in which thE ml.itaWy authoritle have repDrted to the Secretary c State that military force has been employed in aid of the civilpawe6fe and of all cases in which megistrateS havereported tothe SecretWy of Ytate that a military force bas beenso employed ontheirrequisiti,m noprevD i appieation-having been made by the to the Secretary of Otate. Mr. Bellew,-Returns of the number of advertisemens 'sand in what public newspapers inserted, and how often. advertising fer contrsta for the construction of a sine of aillwayfroni Atlone to Galway,und the terms of the Act 12th and 15th of Victoria, chap. 621 kc. The Ierd-Advocate,-Bill to abolish oertain unnecesiary forx ia the framing of deeds in Scotland. Mr. M. Gibeon-Copy of the Queen!zwrrant for erecting the islaam of !taatan. and certain other islands on the oast of Ccatral4.meriess into a colony under the name of " Bay Islands. Mr. Rich,- Returns of the sagregate Mumler of cvilservants in ecJsc departinet subject to the sulvTannuation abatenents irho have beeng pensioned, andtowhom gratuitiesbaveheen granted upon their retire. mentirom. ofrice. uring the ilverearsending the 31sd f Deoembss 1855; of the numbers who have died dining the sme Weiodnothavirg quitted the service: and of the number3 who IAve 'VOltitariYquitke the service during the amme period for other pursuite,-d igni thosewohad orered ndraservicsof tenyeare sndbove ha period. Sir J. PaEington,-To ak the President of the Doard of Control whether he has yet received the report of the commission appoinWec bythe Goveror-General to inquire into the mode of colecting the duties on salt in T;ia ceiDMz or TrIE DAY. MNarried Women'sReversionary Interest Bill1-Comamittee.
Binium, D]). AIA -D 1 ILGES IN -St AND. -The firs* aun as repoit of tha Registrar-General oe Births, DWaths, and Marriages in Scotlad wa3s publishes yesterday. It comprises a few pges of statistical tabler whence it is ascertained tlhat the population of Scotlan4 amounted in ]851 to ,888,742 ; the total number of births registered in the year 1855 amounted to t3,49%-viz,e 47,872 births of males, and 45,626 of females.P T2emariagen amountedin nunber to 19,639, of wlhich the-larger number were solemnized in June (2,811), November t2,003 am! December(2,979). In July the number was. only 1,8:1 u*; Auga,1,260;in September,l,U9; inlAch,l,U$; andinmaw (the proverbially unlucky month for marrying), only 1,04g 'he total number of deaths in 1855 -was 62,154-viz., 30,753 of miles, and&31,395 of female, -so that-Sco*Iant last yea: acquired a not-increase of population amountiqg to 31,344The -largest number of deaths occurred in, tbo 3nonth et Febrary (generally the most unhealthy one in the yea4j vhen they amounted to7,227, against 5,97?in 5aTLuaRy, 6,4A8 inMarch, about 5,300 ir.,April and May, 4,627 lu Jue,4,483( in July, 4,461 in Agust, 4,047in September, 4,388 in October, 437S in November, and 5,403inDecember: THE MAs.-SouTHmO roN Marci IO.-The Boyal3lail steamship Avon, Captain Eevet, aiaed this aitenbion for Iisboo, Madeira, Tener;ffe, St. Vlacent, Per. nambuco, Bahia, *io de Janeiro, MontevideoD and Buenos Ayres, taldng- t 74 passengers, Amnong whom are the Eon. Rl. Marsham and:K L6Baron de Mentzmger; 77,C401. species 4,2321. jewelry, and a fll general cargo. he :lata, car tain Weler, with the next West India and Picific mails, is expected about the 15th inst The 3agdalenl, Captain Abbott, is preparing to convey the outw-ard West; India anl Pacific mails on Monday next. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's seamsip Madrid, Captain Brdha- with thes mails from Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadiz, and Gibraltar, iY expected about t1he 714& inst. The outwSard PeninsuAaa mails of the 17th inst. will be conveyed by the Sultan, Ca tain Cook. The Un ited States' mall steamsihip iFulton, CnpD tan Wotton, wvill leave on Wednesaay, the 12th inst., waitl the French and English mails, passengers, and cargo, fo: "s"IN' miur ThrJ SIs.-Tlae formal report of a; recent ball in Newv Yorkz contains ~the: followring passagesi of fuvsbionable fudge froruthe pen of s6me A mermca disciple of Jenkins:-" In one corner of the!rocm sat the lovely and accomplished MssE D., who attraaed the atten, tion of all beholders, and won the heart,s of.'mny ofmt brave men around her. MIrs. G. had many. admirers. lIer conversation was charming, and it needed ag ini;roduction alone to become her worshipper. The youthful and coquettish liss W., dressed in the mos-t expnsive manner, en. ceeded in brilliancy the diamonds which were chisterec! around her lovely neck. A ring of aduiirers listenad eagerly to every word which fell froma the lip)s of one -of Eve's inosi& charmning daughters. Then there wvas the admirabl@ ldfrs. S., wvho occupied a very promainent position II the leewu mnondc several vears ago, and still, retain. ing many of her personail as well asi mental a6ttrac,. tions, formed a very agreenbl.e acquaintance for g entleinesZ not over fond of the Terpschorean art. -Miss ld:. pro. menaded the room wvith all, the grace aRnd elegace of a eountess, asnd would, had it not been for her betr.othal to 't talented Mfr. W., have had a host of ardent suitcirs. How mnfortunate it is to be en,gaged when s;eeking for Fleaisure ins a ball-room I The belle of the evening, however,ws the charming 3Ess T., before 'whom ahl bowred in b'orae. Lucky was the gentleman who succeeded in -inviting Ms T. to dance. JManly were they 'who craved the favours, but few were rewvarded. If this lady is not the eause of ^ serious duel before the end of the next week wve aIre inlch rmstaken, for the favoured fewishe permitt.ed to attend-beg wrere the envy of all the beaux in the room. Iitiss TI. wiw dressed in the mo$t costly style." After this, ruelyth English Jenkins must bide his head. ASgAlmrS oE WON RSn C r1!;N.-Aretun o convictions and sentencesin18.5and18S55.under th e actl6tla and 17th of Victoria, chap. 30, f.orthe better preve:ation am!; pnishment of aggravate1 assaults on women a nd children, has been published by order of the HWouse of Commons, cia the motion of Mfr. Dillwyn, 2LfP. It appears thai; at Bov. street 41 ruffians wlere convicted of such cowadly ontrngez,' all of whom (save one) were commuitted to prison for pemiods varying fromnthree weekato si.mnoulths ; the exceptiional one was finedl151. At Clerlkenwell Police-office there 'were 13S convictions; at Greenwich and Woolwgich, 6;6; atHlamer. smnith, 45; at Lambeth, 30; at MarThorough.sreei;, 70; aU MSarylebene-office, 40; at Southwiark, 49; at the Thamnes Police-court, 118; at Westiminster, 48; and at 'Vorship. street, 209. These convictions took place in 1854 and l855' The offences are not precisely defined, :except at llammer. smnithn, where 27 persons were convicted of assaultiag theim3 wives, 1 person of assaulting his siEstr, 3 of a-:s~ta~ children, and 14 of assaulting strangers. MxuAxv SAVINGS' B3A1{S.-M aoeoiolrt pub.h lished yesterday show,s that the total amount of the fund for zlilitary Savlns' Banks, up to the Tdate. of this account (February 28), irrespective of dividends received after tb 8th of January, 1855, is 172,1-57. The: arhount of sumU withdrawn by depositors during the year 1853 was ~33 4O2J.1 against 72,S40Z. received, jilua 5,3981. interTest; and p^ 146,287Z., the amount of balanlce due by t he publi c at tha, end of MIarch 185Si, which -'ws 146,28o71. The balage. due by 'the public on the-3lit 4?f Mareb, 1854, amounted ta 14S,059l~, the number of depositor6 then being 10,314. 3MixsTrns' MIO1W (I-1wi f)-M Fagai minI Mr. Beamnish have brought in a bill to amend the a ct l7tla and 18th of Victoria, chap. II, wvith a wiev i1to f ae total abolition of the tax thereby iinposed in lietu e ")Ijn;ter5 Money" in Irelawnd.
AllIAMENTARY INTELLIGBNC. EQUSE OF LROW MO.DAY, W 10. fh 3 EArl of SHAFTESBURY prented peitions agint She opening of the British 3fuseum, &c., on the Lord's-day, irom eadcorn, Brigstocl, Hartington, Ockbrook, Havant, VITa3ton, and Thursford; from clergymen of the town and bte-y of Derby and from Elvaston. oa..-d BROUGHA,6[ zreeented a petition from the Unibzins of a place in the county of Sussex against church- Th.e Bishop o',WORCESTE3 resented petitions against urening places. of amusement oa Sundyy. The 3BiShlORf LLA.DAPF presented several petitioP:s in Zavourof ch'.hr&h T{3 Rr^&Itt R;K:1iSBlRY said, he took it ?or granted MA the, ascLtite *kich now existed betwftl Russia and SOyj4.pjy b o;drieoon4ftde, on tlw Ast of the pre. t iweth, -ant tfat the noble lore the Secretary for 3 kgt A~ZSSf 'ould be in his plce La that house after the liOl$qs. 3He*b1srefore gave aot4ochatat that period he " ne( l attention, if no public icenvenience would then 2 .OKAfroin:his doing so, to the blue-book which had been JAaitcn iheite, and which 'cosined the correspondence pemtve4,bthe siege and takinge Ears. The 2a%l'6f ELLENBOROUGH directed the attention kf -the LorT President to 'certain information which he -thought'was required in altion to that which was con- ained in the blue-book. In the 198th page mention was naiin4 communicatiin of General William of a letter in Which Tord Panmure expressed a decided opinion relative to 13enei Villiams taking an active part in the purchase of Provisions. That letfer was not given. In a subsequent *rt *of the correspondence General Williams said that he J;- guaranteed the prompt payment of supplies, and he thought that any letter autrhorizing General Williams to onake that guaraniee ought to be Laid before the House, as 'well sany letter,;if any such existed, stating that sums for the Purchase of vsupples had been placed at General Wil3iatins?deisposiil. Towards the end of the ,blue-book there 'wrasunention of a conference inwhich the Seraskier tookpart, imnd in the course of which the Seraskier expressed himself in *frong -terms on the subject of the delay n placing at the '8siosal of -the Turkish Government the proceeds of the *Turkish loan. The act was passed on the 14th of August, sand on the li2th of November the Seraskier stated that he -cousainot.pay for the supplies actuaUypurchased, and that the arny at Eupatoria was almost destitute in consequence 5f:the proceeds of the loan not having been received. He 'thought that the House ought to have a return of the ,periods at which the proceeds of the Turkish loan, or any -advancez on the credit of that loan, were placed at the disposIl-of theTurkishGovernment. There hadtakenplace an exp2dition in which Schamyl made captive certain Russian ladies, and which must have had a material effect at the time on the movement of the Russian troops. There was no men'ieor 6f that expedition in the blue-book, except that which Incideutally occurred in a letter of General Williams; and Xke1ipprehendedthat there would be no objection to put the ,othe in Poss2ssion of the correspondence with respect to 'the operations of SchamyL. It wvas also very desirable to Olive4n -account of the force and distribution of the British, !PuAisb and Sardinian troops in the Crimea, in the first 'week ef'Jtly and in the first week of September. Earl GRXILLE said he would make inquiries respect. 4iagtheseimatters. The -Marquis of CLAhRICAXDE asked whether the moie -earl could state the exact words of the motion of 'whith! he had given notice? The Earl of MlALE SBUJRY was not prepared to tell the House the exact words of his motion, but his object was to call their lordships' attention to the correspondence mo'w lying upon the table, and humblyto express his private opinion as to the causes of the disaster which befell Kars. FRAUDS IN THE SUPPLY OF MOITARS. The Earl of DERBY gave notice that he should to-mor-Trowput a question to the noble lord the Secretary of State ,for the War Department with regard to certain alegations mnade in another place respecting some gross frauds which hd been practised in the supply of mortars. S&ES AM)) SALES OF SETTLED ESTATES BTTL. Onothe-motion for going into committee (on recommit,ment) uponL this bill, !Lotd'ST. LEONARD'S rose to callthe attention of the monse to the leading measures which had been proposed by :Her lajesty's Government for the improvement of the law in Enfland and Ireland, and their probable effect upon the dmninistration of justice in those countries. The Court of Chancery in England was divided into the Court of Appeal, *consisting of the Lord Chancellor and two Lords Justices; 'the lord Chancellor's Court; the Court of the Lords Justices; and the Courts of the Master of the Rolls and of the 'three'Vice-Chancellors-each having an independent and -separate jurisdiction. Since 1852 great alterations, ,purchased by the country at a considerable price, :had i been made, in the mode of conducting busi. :ness in Chancery. The principal alteration con- stel in abolishing the Masters' ofices and in giving the 'threasVice-Chancellors and the Master bf the Rolls personal jurisdiction in every cause from its beginning to its termii 'nation. 5The Msters in Chancery, with an independent jtrisdiction, had been replaced by thvi&ef clerks of those *judgesrwho were in constant comm uication with them, -and directed them how to act. -fhe system now workcd -admirably, but its success depended upon the judge of eacl {court not being overworked. While the judges kept up i .Dcomnunicationwith their clerks, the business brought before .them-would be well andsatisfactorily done; but themomeni *one of the courts became overworked the judge could nc ilonger exercise personal superinte;dence; the new jurisdic ion would fall entirely into the hands of the chief clerl 4-and ;he.under clerk, and the mischiefs of the Masters'-officea -would again come into existence. He would remind theiu !'ordships that there were two jurisdictions in Chanceryone the contentious, the other the administrative jurisdic :tion. -This being the present state of things, the bill now before their lordships had been introduced, and had met vith mueh approbation. The law of England had hithertc *Ibeen-verynteuderindealing with the rights of property. An -owner of property had entire jurisdiction over it; he could dispose of it by will or settlement, just as he pleased, and such-settlement or will could not be broken ini upon by any - court of justice. Where a wil or settlement did not con-tain cowers of leasing or sale that might be required by the Wperson holding under it, no relief could be obtained except :y.legislative interference. The measure giving that relid was. introduced into this house, and underwent a severe scrutiny, being always referred to two judges, who not ..only took the opinion of counsel and solicitors, but, with the title-deeds before them, went through the bill word by word to . we that Parliament did nothing beyond granting the ,iecessary xelief. It was objected that this relief could not 'be obtained wvithout delay and expense, and all persons wha .were,tenants for life of property and did not possess all the . powersthey desired-and nine-tenths of their l?ordships were prebbably- inl- thatj position-were in favour of a genera! easure .in the nature of the bill now before the House. iut if it were passed, itwould effect a great alteration in the :awoflproperty, becauseforthefirst timejurisdictionwouldbe _gZiven to the Court of Cnancery to empower persons to makc all scrts of leases of settled estates, although no such powers 'were contUined in the settlements under which they held. "The-result would be that a power would be exercised by - the. Phief- clerks of the Vice-Chancellors and the Master . of the Rolls, without the care and the discrimination of the -judges, to whom these bills had heretofore been referred, .or the publicity obtained when bills passed through both flousesa,of Parliament. These powers would fall, not under the contentions jurisdiction of the Court, but under its administrative jurisdiction. The delay and expense of going ,to the Court of Chancery would be but small by compari- son. "'There could hardly be any question of law, because there could be no contest. It was proposed to extend .this bill,to Ireland, but he would recommend the Lord Chancellor to delay the bill until the fate of another measure. now before the other House of Parliament was known. -The provisions of that other bill relating solely to reland -wre infinitely beyoud the beneficial operation of * this bill for those who were desirous to selL That bill pro.posed to give the Court of Chanaery in Ireland power to sell settld,-tates,andto give a!Par1iauientarytitle. Itwas clear that the present bill would, not act concurrently with .the Iaish bill, because [it only gave authority to sell settled oestats -In the ordinary way, ari&, did not give a tile at alL Xarties whobxht underthis bi!l,mnst take cethat they 7bad a good t by - coaRtact. t lprssthisbilrarutth ,. we nto ,;"FeVN.Weremayohr - -e.uewrdsoeo . zV.aiAnner o uP ddtonl uins ;b.,ti *tt:xSit..t tkiancra ozughadclitional bmqtness .should not be,.pr.esed, and why tkhrilordships should object to any measucincreasing the dqtiga of that court until -they .were told the lnature of all tjW.neasures introduced '-nZo that. and the Wt:la House of Paiaaent in relation to th ,Curt of Chanceey There was ailtransferring ecle.aia4icl jurisdictio6 vto that court, azd ;a bill relating to ,qutiaons . of divorce .nwAh wvould tbctw additional duties ,mpqn ue court. It .wo!M be utterly -i_jpossible for the Court,of.%ancery to.perasln the dutiee atitwould devolve iupon-it,i.mless ParUamext,Wcreased its ta ers and gave it additi g#,facilities. It l.Vfs impossbiW also for their Lqxrdsips to lose sight .- f the effect 4 .England of 4the g I s proposed by , tLa Governinent in regard to the Coqxt .4 . Chancery in .Irqkind. It coeId not be imatined .tht,anything that was 1fenud reaUly advantageouis to propqext0y4a Yeland could be :rltimately withheld from the p4eats.ofs *ae soil in Englaud. But if ti3 additioa A ,s .whsiqh owuld be a nece .nsequence,Qf the adqp. icion irL Englaidof the measures fou-i beneficiai ji Irelan;l were throwv zLpoe the Court of C4haacery in tl4ji country, let their JordAbips eee the vast muss of businesg ;which it would be sallsd ,upon to disciar,ge. .The .Eu nbered state; C urt in Ireland ws an act c f exceptional isla. tion wtch iniictedlgreat injury upou ca es, but the,nterests of afewrweresaurlficed to the gener4 good, and, loaing to Irelhund, no one would deny that the EncmubenedEstateds Act hail partly worked the salvation of that counAry. Ha hd omi a- former occasion compared the operation -of Qe Encumbered Estates Act with the suspension of the llabea t:orpus Act. It was a measure contrary to law, an4 aooxl s the necessity for it had ceased the law to revert to itsr ordinary channel. There to be a want of consr2t between Her Majesty's = ft:e ent in that and the other House of Parliament and etween t Irish branch and the English branch of the j.dm;X.i k .rf,n which wag much to bh regretted, asitmight leadto diffe.m)Ces in legslation that, withoutt due " , *We'9 g!ygy4 bo,contri' in #Inl * lfficulties.% 'pountxfP4 in c,.ppsi itable~~~~~~~~~ 'Was proposed by a mnWle, nw before the 6ther House, to give to theIrsh Court of Chancery the power of dlling estates in Ireland with A Parliamentay titrle. When - vere sold. i-- g`-t-'-_'' - ~W rie-aryb:xe&Xomea thek QSher No to-M*ke ens, ids ,t-4 ana the purchaser had a de& - 'n est - examine iuto the title, and to see that- '- -,' 2terO5 adversely, to the rights of tbiv-' .e was not buying hadvrey the power,B of sel _g ou parties. But if a court therthe pouldber o Behlng estate AVith aParliamnntary title therewfould be nt, "-urityagainstthe interestsof abseut } beeSorsons bemg trrely destroyed. He was told that the ommission-Is of the Irish Encumbered Est4tes Court pe- I . abstracts of title, but he kiiew that no nan was CoilS"-tent to discharge that duty unless it had been hi> Srec;adocern tion there was ju idge, hoeehigh his no however hg d qualities, wfi ould not find himself at fau.lt at eve turn, and miss half-a-dozen points in a title which would be at once detected by those who wrere accustomned bo scrutinize such documents. It was now Proposed that every owner of an estate in Ireland should be able to go to the Court of Chancery and desire that court to sell h-s estate, whether encumbered or unencumbered, whether settled or unsettled, and upon that sale to give a Parliamentary title. The effect would be, that the mnoment the bil passed the Irish Court of Chancery would be the agent for managing the sales of the estates of every owner in Ireland. (Hear, hear.) No man would be such a blockhead as to buy an estate without a Parliamentay title if he could get one. The purchaser of an estate would say to the seller,-" I would rather not look into your title. I might get some knowledge that would vex me. I might find ort something which the judges will not; but if you can get an an order of the Court of Chancery for the sale I will buy the estate." Suchduties did not pertain so much to a court of justice as to a court of auctioneers, surveyors, agents, and others, who were conversant with sales of estates. He was perfectly convinced that if the measure passed for Irelauid it must be adopted in England, or otherwise the xreat boon of a Parliamentary title would give Irish property a greater value, and place English property at a. disadvantage. But if these powers were thrown into the Court of Chancery in England, with the addition of thev knew not what duties in conuexionvwith the ecclesiastical courts, that court as at present constituted would wholly and hopelesly break down, and there would be greater delays in the disposal of suits than before the great changes which were accomplished in 1852. Ever since 1852 the Lord Chancellor had been compelled to ask for power to aptoint additional clerks, which provedthatthebusinessof the court was more than was estimated in 1852. He hoped that his noble friend (the Lord Chancellor) and Her Majesty's Government would think it right not topress this or any other measure until they could tell their lordships and the country what were all the measures which they proposed, not only with respect to the contentious, but with respect to the administrative jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery. There was a great tendency in the present day on tha part of tenants for life and persons having limited interests to throw al expenses of imnro ennts upon the remainder men, and nothing could injurous to the objects which it was the end of settlements to obtain. The result of such a system, if permitted and legalized, would be that, as was the case in Ireland, no man would succeed to an unencumbered estate, and then would arise the necessity of selling settled estates in order to pay off the charges upon them. If the bill now before the House should pass mnto law he felt satisfied that very many settled estates would be sold injudiciously and without reference to the expediency of the proceeding-estates which, without the existence of such a law as that now proposed, would pass naturally tothe descendants of the settlors in conformity with their intentions. He next wished to call their lordships' attention to what would be the effect of the measures proposed by the Government upon the Court of Chancery in Ireland. That court, in point of fact, had been reformed before the Court of ChanceryinEngland, the latterhavingundergone its so-called reform in 1852, while the Court of Chancery in Ireland was reformed in 1850. At the last-mentioned period there were in Ireland the Lord Chancellor and aster of the Rolls, and also five Masters and the Encumbered Estates Court, composed of three commissioners. In 1850 an alteration took place whereby one of the Masters continued in his functions to consider matters relating to receivers under the court. The other four Masters, by the act of 1850, were in point of fact converted into vice-chancellors, withthe power of transacting business in chambers. The Lord Cbancellor and the Master ot the Rolls were to hear the general business of the court, and he (Lord St. Leonard's) took upon himself to say, from his knowledge of business in the Irish courts, that those two judges were fully competent to the discharge of all their duties. They wanted no aid and had asked for none. However, the four Masters were constituted four independent judges, and certain administrative jurisdiction was assigned to them, comprising six different subjects-five definite and one indefinite. They had entire jurisdiction over the administration of real and personal estate, over foreclosure and redemption of mortgages, over the appointment of trustees under deeds and wills, over guardians and the maintenance of children by them, and over partnerships. Those powers were definite, andthere was anadditional indefinite jurisdiction conferred by the act of 1850, by which the Masters were authorized to deal with any matters which the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls should, by order duly made, transfer to them. If that system was approved, no new powers were necessary ; hut if higher powes were to be conferred, then the whole of the courts must be remodelled, and it was the advantage of any such remodelling that he felt disposed to question. There were at present three Commissiones of the Eneum. bered Estates Conrt. In a comparatively short space of time the powers of that court would expire, but it appeared to be the intention of the Government to transfer its powers to the Court of Chancery, which was for ever to deal with the landed property of Ireland. There were now three years' arrears of business in the Encumbered Estates Court, and millions of money yet undistributed; fresh business was springing up every clay, and yet it was proposed to abolish the three Encumbered Estates Commissioners and the four Masters altogether, to follow the example of this country, appoint two vice-chancellors, and to allot to each and to the Master of the Rolls two chief clerks to assist them. Never was there a scheme so sure to break down-so unfit for the object sought-so totally uncalled for. If the powers of the Encumbered Estates Court were not to be continued, at least that court should be allowed to dispose of its arrears, even if all future business were to be transferred to the Court of Chancery. The Master of the Rolls in Ireland, of whnom he might say that a more able, painstaking, and diligent judge had never sat in the Court of Chancery in that country, had declared that this measure would completely paralyze his efforts to execute his duty, by imposing upon him vast additional labour, and he strongly deprecate d such a measure being passed into a law. This opion from a very competent judge, and from one who had never shown himself disinclined to perform every possible labour which his office required, was deserving of their lordships' serious attention. If the alteration proposed should be considered one that ough'; to be adopted, it at least ought to be deferred until the arrears in the EncumberedEstates Court were disposed of No new new busness ought to be transferred to the Court of Chancery consisting of arrears of business in another court. If any such arrearsseretobethrown upon the Court of Chancery the whole scheme would inevitably fail, and the business of thecourtwouldbe more inextricablyinvolvedthan it was at the present moment. In Ireland there had always been an appeal from the Master of the RolLs to the Lord Chancellor i and durng the five years that he had exercised that jurisdiction be had never eard of any complaint in which justice had been administered by the Court of Chancery as a court of appeal. It was proposed that a common law judge should be associated with the Lord Chancellor to assist bim in the business that eame before him by way of appeal. But in what character was the appointment of that judgetobemade? Was it during good behaviour or during pleasure? -He hoped that no judge would ever be called upon to sit in a court of appeal during the pleasure of the Qrown. Such a system if acted upon in this country would be most objectionable. No common law judge could strengthen the Lord Chancellor in his own court of appeal. It would be a most objectionable thing that a common law judge should have the power of deciding against the Lord. Chancellor upon matters of equity in his own court. There was another point deserving of attention. It was proposed that the fees and duties which had been hitherto paid should be abolished, and that the charge should be imposed on the consolidated fund. This was a national question, an imperial question, and one which regarded the courts of England as well as the courts of Ireland. If persons were to obtain the benefit of a Parliamentary title to the estates they purchased by the intervention of the Court of Chancery, it became a question whether they ought not to be subjected to a reasonable charge for the benefit they so obtained. It was a question in what respect they ought to reduce the fees and duties in courts of justice; and what were the fair and necessary expenses of the administration of justice in the abgtract. He admitted that they ought not to tax the administration of justioe; but the question of fees and duties to be paid for the administrative jurisdiction exercised for private purposes was a very different matter. He had already adverted to the alteration made in the practice of the Court of Chancery in Ireland in 1850- and it was from an anxious desire that that system, which had had hitherto worked so well and so mach to the satisfaction of the suitors, might be continued that he had been induced to make these few remarkes. HIe certainlyhadexpected that long before this the masters of thecourtwould have been able to closetheirofices by disposing of thearrears of the businessthatwas beforethem. e hoped their lordships wrould pardon him for having so long ocupied their attention, but, as the matter was one of great and vital importance, he thought it deserved the con- sideration of the House, and particularly that of Her Majesty's Government. (Hear, hear.) The LORI) CHANCEL.LOR said that, although their lordships were always willing to listen to his noble and learned friend, he could not help thinking that a large por- tion of what had fallen from his noble friend on-this- occa. sionwaszextremelyinapplicable to the--subject before the House. (Hear.) He did not wish to insist too much on the forms of the House, but surely it was iather inappropiate that, upon nearly the last stage of such a bill as this, their lordships should be. called uponto discuss the merits of another bill introdued into the other House of Parliament, and there referred to a select committee. (Hear.) Sill some of his noble friend's observations seemed t call for an answer on his part. The present measure was one introduced by him (the Lord Chan .cellor) to prevent the great expense and great delay occaAzoned inthe course of applications to this House for private btls in order to obtain powers for the lease and sale of set1Vedestates. IAst session he hba givon some star detmals of the cost of obtaiing suchbills, nd thepesent measusw, therefore, gave tothe Court of Chancerythe power. of doing6heaply and expeditiously thativhicls wasdoui in this hous it very great and unnecssary cout. When first i ntroduced this bill was confined to Englbed only, but a noble friend of his called his attention to t4e extreme im- ortance of exteDding it to Ireland, and there}ore' (as he thought with the approbation of ell connectec with that country , the mealre vras made to apply to. both England. ind Irfland. H s noble friend had uggqstd several reasns others cose& with the Codrt of Chancery. Xor, he ^s .s1iay, he thought that wa chlmeric ' apBebeiuop i whien on looking back they iou -iiat en1'v ,on 3 Dilo thslncmb oPrie tsi thie eoturs of the selEoln. &.%L idS nouve cv complied that the business must be delegated, and would be ried on by one of 'he clerks. Now, it was to be carried on subject to re and orders framed by the Lord Chancellor, such r-es and ordf, to be hid upon the table of the house. 'Why sr;lila hs nobWe friend suppose that the Lord Chancellor. W)hoever he - ight be, would be guity of mch an oyerslght as not to make due inuir$, beWore conferring these powers, as to the apability of those upon whom they were conferred? In ' 18b3 his noble and learned friend introduced a bill for facili- tatinS and improving the administration of justice with rega to the eshtes of lunatics, and he did not hesitate then to give to the Lord Chancellor and the Lords Justices the most extensive powers of ordering leases, sales, mortgages, and of dealing in any w-.y with lunatics' es'ates. The same objections as those first urged by his noble and learned friend would apply to the bill of 1853, but no such abuses as those now apprehended had been found to result from that act. It seemed to him that they were quite as safe in the hands of the Court of Chancery with respect to settled estates as they were with regard to the property of lunatics. He had taken the precaution of lying down in the measure now before their lordships that whatever securities were at present required in the progress of a private bill through this House should also be inposed by the Court of Chancery, and as the best 'inquirywhich the case admitted of would be madewith Iregard to such application he could not anticipate the evils apprehended by his noble and learned friend. WYith respect to the application of the bill to Ireland, the only argument he had heard used against such a proposal was founded on the fact that another measure was before the other House which would do away with much of the necessity forthis act. Now, he thought it would be sometbing approaching to childish legislation to say that they ought not, by the insertion of a few words, to extend the present bill to Ireland, because, peradventure, at the end of the session another measure would come before their lordshi so large as to render the present one unnecessary. (ear, hear.) If the other bil alUuded to did pass, the measure now before their lordships would do no harm, but every one must be aware that there were breakers ahead with regard to legislation of this kind - and therefore, he thought it absurd to say that minor reforms should cease because another reform might possibly be made which would render them inoperative. He felt great difficulty in discussing what had fallen from his nob e friend upon a measure which had been brought into the other House of Parliament, and had been referred to a select committee. True, it was a Government measure, but it was mainly founded upon the report of the Encumbered Estates Commissioners who had (felt that ,the Eicumbered Estates Court must either be annihilated or its future operation extended to other than encumbered estates-that this court was either a boon to be continued and more widely conferred, or was not a boon and should be at once pit an end to. Hisnoble andlearnedfriend said, "Why don'tyouextend the Encumbered Estates Court toEngland Well, there were two or three objections to such a proposal, and one of these was that you had not in England, as in Ireland, a general registry of titles Their lordships would recollect that three years ago he had introduced a bill for the purpose of establishing registration and that bill had gone to the other House of Parliament, where it had been met by the suggestion that it would be better to have a registration of titles than of deeds, and that suggestion appeared to carry great weight, and, therefore, on account of a matter of detail rather than of principle, that bill had not passed into law. As regarded what was called a 2arliamentary title, such titles were accruing every year in England, as in the case of salesof land to railway companies, and in all those cases the money was brought into court and distri. buted; and he had never heard of an instance in which the I wrong persons had received the money. From that circumstance he was led to think that to givo Parliamentary titles generally was not so impracticable as he had at one time been inclined to suppose, although hewas not so sanguine as some persons were of the possibility of making the transfer of land as simple as the transfer of stock. He waished, also, to remnind their lordships that, in practice, the business of the Encumbered Court had been carried on entirely by the judges; and that, in point of fact, undeF the bill referred to by his noble an d learned friend the same would be the ease, with the exception that the names of the judges would be changed and they would be called vicechancellors, and no additional business would be cast upon the Master of the Rolls. It was, however, impossible to follow his noble and learned friend in detail upcon a measure not yet before their lordships, and he would therefore conclude by asking their lordships to go into committee upon the present biL Their lordships then wvent into committee, and, the clause of the bill having been agreed to, the House resumed and the bill was reported. J1USTICES OF THE PEACE IN IRE3I13. On the motion of Viscount DGANNO2, it was agreed that a humble address be presented to Her Majesty for a return of all persons now appointed to act as justices of the peace in the several counties in Ireland, the number of stipendiary magistrates located in each county, and the several petty sessional divisions. Their lordships adjourned shortly before 7 o'clock
HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, MARCH 10. Mr. Ix-GRA took the oaths and his seat for Boston. The Colonial Bank, East of Fife Railway, Knottingley Gas, and London Docks Bills were read a third tinie. The KiLkwall Harbour Bill was read a second time. Petitions against the Police Bill were presented by Mr. C. FORSTER, from Walsall, with 2,086 signatures; and from the town-council of Walsall, under the corporate seal; by Mr. F. Nomru, from the mayor and council of Hastinms; y Sir J. DUCKWORTsi, from citizens and inhabitants of Exeter; by Lord C. CErNTrox, from the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the town of Deal; by Mr. BARIcus, from Bolton; and by Mr. ScsoLDnsr, from Birmingham. Petitions in favour of the Factory Bill were presented by Mr. ML GImsoiT, from Messs. H. Lees and Brothers, John Wilson, and Henry Cook and Co., of Manchester; by Mr. ADFtELD, from Messrs. Ryland and Sons, of Gorton; by Mr. BArtNES, from Thomas Cullen, of Bolton, and 0. and J. Folds, Burnley- by Mr. W. BBowN, from Messrs. Barton and Wright, of Tyldesley; by Mr. THORNELY, from Hyde; byM. CROO, from Mr. Peter Rothwell Arrow- a factory occupier at Bolton; by Mr. GREXSALL, from ifesers. Lees, of Oldhan; by Mr. W. J. Fox (5), from factory owners in Oldhiam and Morslcy; and by Mr. BROTHERTON, from Messrs. Langworthy, Brothers, and Co. Wi'liam Harvey and Sons, and Charles Blackburn, of Saliord. Petitions in favour of the Medical Registration Bill wer3 presented by Mr. WmATHAN; byMr. STRuTT, from the medical practitioners of Nottingham; by Mr. GRES-vLLE BanERKLE, from the medical ractitioners of Cheltenham by Mr. REProTO, from Warwvich and Ieamingtoni h y Mr. D)EEDES, from George Selwyn Morris, surgeon;* and by Mr. FARRERn, from medical practitioners of Stockton-on-Tees, the friends of medical reform in the borough of Hartlepool, and also from MIr. Thomas Brockhus, of Old Hartlepoo-L Petitions were also presented by Sir J. TROLLOPS, from upwards of 900 inhabitants of Spalding,praying the House of Commons not to confirm the scheie of the Commissioners of Charities, which would, divert the ancient charities of the town from the objects of the founders to the great injury of the pr; by Mr. T. DuycomBE, from Finsbury, praying that the people of Wallachia and Moldavia may be freed from foreign interference and permitted to govern themselves; by Mr. BAXTER, from the workmen of different firms in Calton, for the regulation bylaw of unlicensed brokers in Scotland; by Captain ScoBEni, signed by 740 seamen of South Shields, praying for the enactnent of a law to give to masters, mates, and seamen the right of requiring a survey on an unseaworthy vessel, the efficiency of her crew, or her sanitary condition and so lessen the deplorable sacrifice of life at sea; by Mr. ACoOK, against opening the British Museum on Sunday; by MKr. A xPHE HA1ST, from Glasgowv, for an inquiy into, nd a revision of, the laws relating to the lendin of money on goods and merchaedise; by Mfr. T. DuCe snE, from ehurhwardens and overseers of theparishes of Clerken well andSt. Luke, against the Metropolis Amnendment Bill; b Lr. L. DAVIES (3), from the parishes of Collan, Mantowinle, andu anwenog, im the county of Cardigan, against the removal of St. David's College from Lam. peter; by MEr. KIRNAnRD, from the Baker Incrpration of Perth, in favour of the Perth HIarboour Bill- by Mr. SCHoEIOD, from Birlmingham, signed by 'the Mfayor, in favour of measures for suppressing the adulteration of food; by Mr. ALcoox, from the dealers and consumers of hay and straw in the metropolis, prying for an incuiry into the fruds in the hay and straw trade - by Mr. DENDAS, from the Free Church Kirk Session of Widls, in Zetland, against the opening of the Crystal Palace, British Museum, and other exhibitions on Sunday; another, on behalf of Mr. TRAiLl, from the parish of Dannet, in Caithness; and a thi-d by Mr. BALZ, from 4,000 Sundayschool teachers, at a public meeting held it Exeterhala, to the same effect; by Mr. MownmBAy, from Brncepeth, Durham; by Mr. DREDnS, from the clergy of the diocess of Canterbury; by Mr. ALcoCm, from Snttonand by Sir J. Ducy-wonmG, from deans rural and clergy of the deanery of East, in Cornwall, against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent; by Sir J. TBOLLorP, from Long Sutton, Frieston, ancd Butterwick, in favour of of church-rates; by Mr. DUNLOP (3), from workers in Glasgow and neighbourhood, for regulation of unlicensed brokers; and a petition from the Free Church congregation, Strontian, against ovening the National Museum, &c., on Sunday; by Sir 9. Emrsx, from members oftheComimittee of the Society for the Suppression of Vice in Chat- =am, Brompton, IRochester, Strood, &c., in favour of the Palice Bill; and by Sir J. FE5UUSSON, from ministers, elders, and deacons of the Free Church congregation o2 Cumnoc, Ayrshire. THE HEALTH OF TIIE ARMY.. LordEBRINGTON gave notice that he should, after Easter, move resolutions with reference to the sanitary condition of the army when in barracks. OUR RELATIONS WITH A[ERICA. Sir B. B. LYTTON gave notice that, immediately afte Easter, he should call the attention of the House to th 3 'disputes 'between Her -MajestWs 'Government and th: Government of the United States with respect to Centra: America. LORD PANMURB AND CAPPTAJ-DO WBIGGIN, - Six--D. L._BVANS asked the ioblc lord at. the hea1 oierGnermnent whether there7was anobjetion to laY l on urTebig copy of the- tdedmpic espatch in which I.or4 Pansurs xecomlnended Captain Dowbiggin to the attci'ion of the Commander-in-Chief in the Crimea? -Lord PAITERSTON.-I hold in my hand a copy of the telegraphic message to which the hon. ma gallant general refers. It is ratber a long one, and relates to othermatters Ms well as to the officr in question. The part which refers to hm is in the middle, and is in the6e wid-s n- I nend y-oSunB Dowbigigin to your attnv 1pn, if 1o ii g, jmjd you have a vavZy." I do not think it would hie &i6' I to lay this desptch upon the 6%vis lmtX at, the same time, I have NO. b,cGtiWn to i&orW it, to the hen. and gallant general I have also hereanj extact from's letterkosaih ihae-t sing Sot o H sige, in which he saus-" In the trenhese alk-:i ast night the Russians made a strong attaclc to regain .,ue cemetery but we were prepared. Captain Dowbg and the 4th Regiment party bhv admirably." o,rear, hear.) (After reading tis extract the noble lord presented the document to Sir V. L. Evans, who at first declined to receive it. This occasioned some laughter, and cries of " Red, read 1" upon which the gallant general accepted the paper, and after retaining it a short time zeturned it to the noble lord.) CHURCH-RATES. Sir J. PAKINGTON beBged to asIc the right hon. baronet the Secretary of State for the Home Department whether he would call upon the country to furnish to the House a statement of the annual produce of church-rates; and, also, of the number of parishes in which such rates had been refused, and the number in which they had been levied? SirG. GREY said thatduring the last session of Parliament a return was ordered, on the motion of the hon. baronet the memberfor theTowerHamlets(SirW. Clay), whichcontained information as to the parishes in which church-rates had been levied and those in which they had been refused. He believed, but was not sure, that it also included a statement of the annual produce of suchrates. The great difficulty in the way of obtaining such information was, that letters had to be sent to every prish in the Idngdom, and that there was no power to compel the parishes to be accurate in the returns which theymade. If the retarn to which he had referred did not inelude all the information which the right hon. baronet (Sir J. Pakington) desired, he (Sir G. Grey) saw no objection to the production of a sapplementary return ; but he was afraid that it would be a long time before the information would be before the House. ST. PANCRAS WORKHOUSE. Sir J. PAKINGTON inquired of the right hon. gentleman the President of the Poor Law Board whether his attention had been called to the report upon the state of St. Paneras worklhouse; whether he had any jurisdiction in the district to which that workhouse belonged; and what steps the Government intended to take in consequence of that report? Mr. BOUVERIE replied that he had directed the report of Dr. Bence Jones to e communicated to the managers of the poor, who, under a local act, had the management of St. Pancras workhouse. Those managers had recently been changed, and he understood that those who now held the office were taking active and vigorous measures to.amend the state of things disclosed in the report. His attention ras constantly directed to what was being done, and every power which he, as President of the Poor Law Board, possessed would be exercised to procure the remedying of the deplorable evils which had hitherto existedin thisworkhouse. POSTAL COMMICATIOI WIET SPAIN. Nr. OLIVEIRA asked the hon. gentleman the UnderSecretary of the Treasury whether the negotiations which had been carried on for-some time past in referenoe to a tre,aty with Spain, with aviet to a reduction of the rates of postage betwveen that couatry and Great Britain, were likelytoterminate satisfactorily and without delay; also, whether there wras any objection to lay upon the table of the house the correspondence that had taken place upon the subject? Mr. WILSON said that some time ago the negotiations had been suspended in consequenoe of a difference of opinion between the Spanish Government and the Post-office authorities in London. Recently, however, they had been resumed, aud there was every prospect that they wouldhave a favourable termination. T'hey were not at present in such a state that the correspondence could with propriety be laid upon the table of the house. THE CONTSUMPTION OF SMOKE IN THE NAVY. M1r. PERCY rose to ask the right hon. baronet the First lord of the Admiralty whether it was the intention of the Admiralty to employ in Her Majests steamships any of the means adopted in mercantile steam-vessels for the consumption of smoke; and-whether it was true that the result e(f the trial last year of Mr. Prideauxs patent for the pre- , ention of smoke showred asaving of 8 per cent. in fuel, and I a reduction of temperature of 'between 30 and 40 in the furnace-room, as wel as the consumilption of smoke ? Sir C. WOOD said that none of the plans for the consumption of smoke had been so successful on land as to induce the Admiraltv to introduce any of them into the ships of Her Majesty's navy. There had been some trials of MIr. Pridealuxs plau on board one of the figates in the Baltic, hutavarety of circumstances had prevented any c ecided result lceing obtained. There had been a saving of nel, but to what extent he .was notprepared to say; and slso a considerable diminution of the temperature in the ~toking-room. INCREASE OF CRIME. In reply to MIr. ADDERLEY, Mr. SCOTT stated that, on an early day after Easter, he proposed to move for a select committee to inquire into and report on the causes of the fearful and universal increase of crime in this country-more especially among juveniles andfemales. OFFICIAL SALARIES. In reply to Sir S. NORTHoOTE, Mr. WILSON said, that officers in particular departments of the Cnstoms had addressed to the commissioners a petition praying for an increase of salary, to which the commissioners returned answer that they could not comply with the request. THE COLONY OF BAY ISLANDS. In reply, to Mr. Gasow,; M,r. LABOUCHERE stated that the Queee's Warraut had been issued constituting the colony of Bay Islands. The document bore date the 20th of March, 1852, and there would be no objection to lay it before Parliament. The date of the appointment of the first presiding magistrate of the colony was the 5thof August, 1852. SUNDAY SEAVING AT OLDHA3M. In reply to Mfr. MuPmouGu,: Sir G. GREY explained that the act under which Joshua Wolstencroftwas recentlyconvicted before the magistrates at Oldham for shaving a man on a Sunday was an obsolete statute, and the Government had no intention of amending it. iLOCAL DUES ON SHIPPING BiTT_ In reply to Sir F. THER, Lord PAThrERSTON observedithat, as it appeared to be the general opinion of the House that an inquiry should be instituted on the subject of the local dues on shipping, it was not desirable that any unnecessary difference of opinion should prevail as to the terms of reference to the commiti-tee proposed to be appointed. He had looked over the notices of his right hon. friend the Vice-President of the Board of Trade and of the hon. and learned member for Stamford, and as there was no essential difference between them there would not be much difficulty in coming to a conclusion satisfactory to all parties. The words suggested by the hon. and learned gentleman might, 'with some slight addition, be made to contain all that 'was necessary; and he should propose that the resolution should run thus: "That a select committee be appointedtoinquireinto the several matters referred to the commissioners (setting them forth) appointed by HIer Majesty to inquire into the local charges on shipping in the ports of the united kIngdom and the islands of Guernseyand Jersey,and that the comomittee do report their opinion thereupon, and that the report of the commissioners be referred to the consmittee." If the hon. and learned gentleman would not object, these terms of reference would probably meet the views of all parties. Sir F. THESIGER said, it was not to be expected that he should offer an objection, for the words were his own. (A laugh.) REPORT OF THE CRIMEAN COIMISSION. In reply to Lord HoG&Ar, Mr. LAYARD said, he intended to postpone for the present the motion of which he had given notice on the subject of the report of the Crimean Commissioners. POLICE (COUNTIES AND BORLO-UGHS) BILL. On the order of the day for the second reading of this bill, Sir G. GREY said,-Although in moving for leave to bring in this bil I not only gave a ful explanation of its provisions but made a short statement of the reasons which induced the Government to submit it to the House, so much misconception prevails as its scope, object, and rossible effects, and such opposition has been offered to aU its clauses, that I feel it right, in now moving the second reading, to state again to the House the considerations which have weighed with the Government in proposing this measure, to explain anew the nature of its provisions, and to particularize the modifications I am prepared to introduce at the suggestion of those who, being favourable to the general principle of the measure, have yet thought that it is possible, without touching that principle, to alter certain clauses in such a manner as to render the bill more palatable to the community thear, hear), and to insure that at the same time that it will improve the police regulations throughout the country it vwll also respect the principle of local control and self-government. (Hear, hear.) And, first, let me call attention to what this House has done in regard to this subject. In 1853 it appointed a committee to inquire into the expediency of establishing an uniform system of police in England and Wales, and in Scotland. That committee examined a great variety of witnesses, drawn from all parts of the country, whose testimony was entitled to the greatest deference and weight. Among those witnesses were magistrates of counties and boroughs, chairmen of quarter sessions, tenant-farmers, land agents, the heads of the police force in coumties and boroughs, and several influential members of this House. The committee made two reports-the first of which merely contained the evidence they had collected; and the second the conclusion of the evidence, accompanied by a series of resolutions based upon it, all of which were agreed to either unanimously, or by a very large majority of the members. --Among the various points con. elusively established by accumulative proof before this committee were the folloWing:--First, that the county police force, wherevi -it has been introduced under the existing acts, which iender its adoption optional vith the justices, has been attended with very benefical results as evinced in the more effectua prevention and detec- tion of crime, in the repression of vagrancy, and the enhanced value of propet consequent on the increased secu- ity afforded; seconuly, that the system of parish and super- intending costables is totally inadequate for its objects; lay act, under vwhich, there being a police for, in oue cmitv and none in aniother, gret faiite for escip ar tovn criminals, and obviouse- t thrown in the tisi the efficiency dt the police is impairea from the want of due co-operation between the forces of the counties -nd boroughs respectively. (Hear, hear.) The eidencelikewise proved beyond dispute that the apprebenzton6 entertained in some quarters as to the oostly nature of the new county constabulary are grossly exaggerated, while; the saving that must be effected ini many particulars by its i introduction is wholly overlooked. It is too often the-habit with those who compare the state of crime in districts where the constabulary exists with that which prevails where the old paxish and superintending constables continue, to taks only into account the nuumber of committals and cxnvictions. No test could be more fallacious. On this Knt tho'hon. baronet the member for the University of xfordHSir W. Reathcote), who, from his long experience as a county magistrate and as chairman of quarter sessions, waas most competent to give an opinion, when examined before the committee, said- - "The point in wvhich the polce is most successfulnamely, the diminished amoutnt of undetected crime, cannot be tested by numbers, because there is no return of those offences in respect of which no person ws committed for trial before the establishment of the police; but:it is a matter of c4ommon notoriety that there imuch less of undetected crime than there was before." In answer to another question the same witness tated:- "The offence of housebrealdng in the daytime has been greay diminished in Hampsmire since the establishment of the police. If we had the means of reckoning up the cases in winchthe perpetrators used to escape detection altogether the difference between the two periods of five years which I have mentioned would be enormours" I hope, tlherefore, that the House, before coming to a conclusion adverse to the extension of the constabularytthroughout the country, will bear in mind that any argumentbasd on the statistics of committals and convictions must proceed on the most unsound and imperfect premises, if it excludes from consideration the great amount of undetected crime committed in c4unties which have no efficient system of police. Another point in connexion with the beneficial operation of the coustabulazyinincreasing the protection to property is, that it confers apeal advautage upon the poorer classes, whose property, without any expense or trouble tot he owners, enjoys an equal security with that of thezrich. Captain MHardy, Superintenldent of the Essex Constabulary, onthis point gare this evidenoe before the comnmittee: "A great recommendation of tbe county constabulary is, that the poor man is protected, and the same interest is taken to follow up any injury he may receive as in the cme of the rich man.' Another witness, la. Blathwayte, magistrate for Glocestershire, Somersetshire, Wiltshire, and Bath, also stated:- " If a poor person wants a summons executed he must look up his halfrown to the parish constable; whereas, if there Is a policeman to serve it, he does it at once for nothing" The testimony-of a land agentin- Essex thows that the increased value of property, consequent on the establishment of the constabulary force in that county, is regarded by tenant-farmers about to enter into the occupation of land as an element in favour of the choice of suc a clity in preference to one in which no such efficient police exists, and where the tenant must protect his private property atI ois own cost. Captain M'Hardy, the superintendent of the Essex police force-one of the most efficient bodies of constabulary in the countrv-in a report presented to the magistrates of his district, states in detail the various items of saving effected by the adoption of the constabulary syctem, the result of his calculations being that he almost brings in a pecuniary balance in favour of his county as the consequence of the introduction of that improvement. I have here an extract from the report of a committee which sat in the county of Eampshire on the sabject of the local expenditure of that distlict. That committee-which included seven gentlemen who are members ofthis House, and whose opinions on such a matter must carry with them great authority-stated in their report that "Your committee have not been able to ascertain the amount that was Yearly paid by parishes to their constables prior to the establishment of this force; but it is calculated that not less than 1,500L. per annum must have been expended in this respect, which is now altogether saved to the ratepayers. But besides these sums, which before theestablisuhment of the consta'bulary were payments actually out of pocket, it must be remembered that considerable saving is indirectly effected to the public by means of this force. The value of the constable's lost time (before the establishment of the county constabulary), for which he was never adecuately remunerated, must not be left out of the calcultions in estimating the advantage of a paid police. It may also be observed that, coincident with the employment of police constables as assistant relieving offlcers in unions, there has been avery great decrese of vagrancy, and that without any additional cost to the unions; - considerable credit ought therefore, in their opinion,to be taken in favour of the constabulary under all these heads, as well as under that of saving to the public by the diminution of business at petty sessions, by the recovery and protection of property, y e absence of the necessity for associations for the prosecution of offenders, and by nonpayments to special constables; and, although itis mmpossible to estimatewith any accuracy the amount of indirect expense thus avoided by the county, yet when it is recollected that a saving of only Id. per acre would amocunt to a sum of 4,1541., it m3ay be safely asserted that the actual additiona cost to the ratepayers is very trifling in comparison with the advantages which accrae to them from the maintenance of the police force." Such was the opinion of that committee as to the advantages of a police force,-an opinion expressed some time after the establishment of the force, and after experience had demonstrated its benefidal influence. I may also refer to a resolution adopted in 1850 by the Essex magistrates-alter theyhad had ample means of testing the results of establishing a police force-in which they express their opinion that the Essex constabulary is highly valuable and essential to the protection of the public. I think this testimony ought to have weight with the House when they are asked to consider whether it is desirable that the system of the county constabulary should be extended throughout the country, or whether it should still be left optional with the counties to establish that system or not. I will not weary the House by readingtheresolutions adoptedbythe committee of 1853, for, asIbefore calledattention totheseresolutions,hon.gentlemen are generally aware of their objectand scope. Thelastresolation of the committee expressed their opinion that it was, desirable that legislative measures should be introduced without delay by Her Majesty's Government for rendering the adoption of an efficient police force on a uniform principle imperative throughout Great Britain. We have, then, a committee appointed by this House, two of whose reports -containing resolutions agreed to unanimously or passed by large majorities-have been laid upon the table, urging unon the Governraent the necessity of introducing legslathve measures on this subject; and the questions which were addressed tome, as Secretary of State, by hon. gentlemen on both sides of the house as to the importance of amending the acts relating to parish constables, induced the Government to take up those reports, and to endeavour to frame a police bill which should be mainly, though not perhaps exclusively, founded upon them, and which would render unnecessary any attempts to improve a system that had already been condemned by the committee. I therefore endeavoured during the recess to frame a bill which would accomplish the objects the committee and the House have had in view, while it would at the same time respect as far as possible the principle of the local management and control of the police force both in counties and in boroughs. I will, in the first place, direct the attention of the House to the existing state of the law t dPractice with reference to counties, and afterwards to th. Law andIpractice relating to boroughs, and hon. gentlemen will then form their own conclusions as to whether there is room for improvement, and whether this bill, which is introduced with the view of effecting such improvement, is a measure they are prepared to sanction. According to the present law it is competent for the justices of any county to adopt the County Consabulary Act or not. In consequence of representations made in documents which have been prepared and circulated, not, Ibelieve, by gentlemeni acquainted with the sabject, but by persons who, with very imperfect knowledge of the matter, have undertaken to point out to their fellow countrymen what they regard as the dangerous tendencies of this 0111 (hear, hear), I think it necessary to state what are really the powers of the magis trates and the degree of control exercised by the Secretary of State. If anycountyadoptsthe CountyConstabuLaryAce, it isleft to the justices to determine howv many constables shall be appointed, and the Secretay of State has power to make rules relative to the government of the force, and the pay, clothing, and accoutrements of the men. A chief constable is also appointed by the justices, subject to the approva lf the Secretary of State (ear, hear), and this chief constable has the power of appointing and dismissing the ordinary constables. Now, when hon. gentlemen bear in mind these enactments and compare the.mwith theprovisions of my bill, I ask them whether I am making any such new or monstrous proposition as to justify the opposition which themeasure has encountered? (Hear, hear,) I may inform the House that in 20 counties, and in two ridinra of Yorkshire, no county constabulary has been established, and in seven other counties such a force has been only partiallyestablished. I believe tat half the surface of EnglandandWales isat present not uprovided with an efficient county constabulary. I explained, on a former occasion, the serious inconvenience with regard to the detection of crime and the apprehension of offenders which arose from the want of such a force, and I may mention some facts which have recently come tomyknowledge illustrative of this inconvenience. The progress of the establishment of a regular police force in counties has been very gradual, and I believe that when a county established a -police force mnder the, existing act, the inbabitants of the adjoinirg counties which did-not possesssuch aaforcesufferedso much inconveniencefrom the number of bad characters who were driven to take refuge in their districts by the -constabulary- of the neighbounug county, that, partly from that cause, and partly from their having witnessed the advantages of a regular ulice force, they have, in many cases, been induced to tae steps for their own protection by establishing a constabulary force. In the county of Surrey, until within the last few years, there was no county constabulary. The metropolitan district, which possessed an efficient police, abutted on that county upon one side, and one of the adjoining counties possessed a well-trained constabulary force. Proposals had been made for the establishment of a county constabular in Surrey, but owing to the dread of expense the pln was not carried out. The consequence s tha a rious gang of housebreakers, who also proved to be murderers-thelFimleygang-resorted to the couvty qE, Surrey, where in the absene of a constabulary they werq able to carry on their depredationrs -with impunity. .&t length a horrible crime was committed, a clergyman was murdered, andthe bold and open manner inwhich the deed avas perpetrated caused the utmost horror and apprehension throughout the county. If an efficient constabulary foroe had existed in Surrey, that gang vwould not have been allowed, as they did, to meet wvith imnpunity at their different places of rendezvous, and at length to consummate bulary force, which iF I blieve, of thef bost effcient de sciptiou; ,bu,t . .p-t it t9 the Mouse -whether it is ZtesirabI@ to wait unti outrages of an ia ravatea hvrA* i vq imitted hA ' vwou establish a polico f5rcee or *o ufrf crime to go on ilcreigiK for thei vant of those means ol' prevention -which such a- icene would afford ? I was sovr to hear the hon. member for f;he West Riding of York4 shire (Mr. B. Denison) announce the -other day tht he ix tended to offer his determined opposition to this bill; bnt as I do not now see that hon. genl;le=m in his place, l'hopg he may be satisfied that his pledge was somewhat. ragh, amn that he may be UnWilling to give a vote which would be adverse to the interests of the country generally, and ._ticularly to That porfon of the country which he SD abl' represents. I il give the House a descri-tion of the state of things existing in part of the WestRiding, andt in doing so I shall refer ouly to public documents, or' to such as are authenticated by the signatures of the per. sons who have transmitted therm 'to me. A petition ir, favour.of this bi was lately presented by the Chancellor for the Dachyof Lancaster (Mr. Baines) from 12 justices of tho =who state that they are acting magistrates for the ty Palatine of Lancaster and the West Riding of tho county of Yorlk, and are personidly resident within a fevir miles of the borders thereof ; " That in the county of Lancaster a numerous and e2S. eient rural police was established under the sta;tutes 2d and 3d of Victoria, chap. 93, and Sdand 4th of Victoria, cha.p. 88 andhlsforl6yeas past been in active operation; that in the West Riding of the countv of York there exist no force other than the parish constables and 30 supeintendent constbles xecently appointed under the statute 5th and 6th of ic&toria, chap. 109; that in those ortions of theWestltidinst in which the petitioners act a large amount of undetecte4 crime exists; that many offences against good orderare comr mitted ad remain unpunlished, and that the efforts and endeavours of the petitioners to discharge their duties ar8 often rendered useless and of no avail forthewant of a mnore active and eflicient police force; and that in the county of lancaster they experience no such difficulty and hindrane." That document is signed by -many of the magistrates residing on the borders of the West Riding, and contains the infornmtion which they thought it right to give with respect to the state of crime in Yorkshire, and to the difference between the means of detection in that county ana in Lancashire. I have also a letter from an active ana intelligent magistrate who must be well known to man hon. gentlemen present-I mean Mr. Jonathan Peel The letter was addressed to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Iancaster, with permzission to place it in my hands% Mr. Jonathan Peel states:- "X nowlmore, Clitheroe, Feb. 23, 1856. The police question has hitherto been atgued upon thet bypothesisthat crime, properly so called, was all that required repression or aetection. It is convenient to the opponents of a rural police thus to narrow the ground, because the number of committal, being the only obtainable criterion of the amount of crime, is made the single test or the necessity for establisbing the force. There are many offences against law and order which have not been taken into account, which, though callel petty offences, neverthe. less seriously affect the security -both of person and ypo. perty. -Many of the offences of this class would e entirely prevented or repressed by the mere presence of an independent and well-organized police within the district. For instance, in this border country, which here is purely rral, during the smunmer season tramps abound who, watehing their opportunity, enter the houses when the men are absent and demand moneyand foodunder threats of violence. One road, not far from this place, is rarely without in encampment of these vagabonds during the summer season. Assaults, fights, disturbances, and outrages, some. times violent and disgusting, are of frequent occurrenoe. As a magistrate, I feel much of the responsibility, for a state of affhirs like this lies on my shoulders. I have done my best to amend it; I have doneconstable'sworkboth by night; And by day, butI cannot make much impression with such aid as the parochi constables afford me. These men are, in fct, entirely useless and inefficient. Two of the saperintendents lately placed over them have reported to me that the constables not do their duty, that they fail in reporting cases (felonies) asthey occur, that they will act only in cases where they have half the penalty, and that, so far from yielding obedienoe to the supe-intendent, some of thexm have denied his authority and set him at defiance. All along the border many of their duties are in fact performedl by the Lancashire polie. Summonses granted on the Iancashire side of the harder are served by them, and they often execute warrants also. Yorkshire prisoners committed from the horder petty sessions are invariably conveved Eto the Wakefield Slouse of Correction bv the Lancashire police The frequent escapes from the hands of Yorkshire constablesrenderedthis course imperative. Prizefights, dog. fights, &a., organized in Lancashire are constantlybrought over theborder. When it is known to the Lancashire police that ' such an event is to come off,' they follow the parties, and dog them even over the border, if they croms it. On the 1lth of October last several Lancashire policemea were seriously hurt on one of these occasions, and, at the very time when the establishment of a rural police was lash negatived at Wakefield, four men were suffering imprisonment in the House of Correction there for the assault them committed on the Iancashire police." Such is the statement of a magistrate well acquainted with the district of which he speaks, and perfectly competent from his own experience to describethe actual state of things. Two davs ago a petition was sent to me from the village of Malt'oy, also in the 'West Riding of Yorkshire, signec by the occupiers of land and the owners of property there, praying that the present bill, with certain modifications, might be passed into law. I received a letter at the sametime from Lord Scarborough, with authority to use it in this house. Eis lordship says,- "Rulfford-abbey, March 6,1;56. " Having myself experienced the very great inconvenience those districts suffer which are deprived of the benefit and protection of a rural police, I most heartily concur in theS prayer of this petition; many of those who have signed it; are known to me, and reside on my property in the %Vest; Biding of Yorcshire or in its -vicinity, and liLe myself sunffer from a system of plunder and violence w hich is going on nightly in and about theirdwvellin"s with impunity, thes parish authorities being nowr perfectl'y uselesbs for the proevention or detection of such offences. In the district to which I allude twvo churches were forced open during the night, or very early in the morning, and a collection, made the daypreviously for the poor, stolen from an iron safe; the shop of a shoemaker broken open and his property carried away; subsequently the house of the vicar of the parish was entered by housebrelaers, and my agent's office was forced open also and robbe L I exerted nyself in trying to detect the offenders by employing the parish constables, but found} them both incapable and unmilling to perform such a duty. As a temporary expedient to meet this deplorable conditiosa of the district, a fund has been collected by a contributiom fromi some of the residents, and applied to the payment of a few persons who have undertaken a kind of night patrol, but as snch a fund must be very precarious I fear the protection afforded by it will soonbe discontinued." I will trouble the Honse with one more document with reference to the West Riding of Yorkshire, upon which I dwell at such length, because Ihave received a great deal of information about it, and because it is one of the districts in which the proposal to establish an efficient constabular under the existing law was negatived on the ground that there vas no necessity for it. (W., hear.) The document which I am now going to read is one entitled to grea: weight. It is taken from the newmspapers of the 5th inst., and purports to be an address delivered by Mr. Wilsosa Overend, chairman of the quarter sessions held at Sheffield, to the grand jury on the increase in the number of eases off violence as compared with last year. Mr. Overend says,- "At these sessions there were 45 prisoners for trial; making, with 31 snumary convictions for felony, a total of 76 mn the short period of six weeks, as against 57 i the corresponding period of last year. The average of the last ten years for the same period had been only 4, or little more Thn half the number of this year. This, hie remarkod was a sad state of things. .AMhoUF they heard a great deal of the diminution of crime in the country at large, he was sorry to say such was not the case in this neighbourhood Magistrates around him informed him that crime was so rife in their respective localities thwat the landowners and farmers had been obliged to employ their own servants to patrol the country in order to protect their property. This he found had been done at Dalton. Thryberg, Wentworth. ootan Roberts, KIlnhurst, altby. and Rawmarsh; and tShe iurywould all, no doubt, have beard of the extraordinarily daring robberies wrhich had taken placeinthisdistrie; of the riding, some of them in midday. There was a degrae of crime never before known since he (M(r. Overend) had been on the bench. Something must be done to prevent it, for it was clear that, under the existing state of their protective force, property was not safe." Such is a description from various quarters of the state of theWest Riding, and Ithinkrit is sufficient to induce my hon. friend the member for that division of Yorkshire not not to oppose the present bDI, but to give it his corsupport, as a measure calculated to relieve his constituents from a state of things which is discreditable to a. civilized country. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the county of Somerset, such is the inefficiency ot the parish constables there, that on extraordinary occasions-and I mean by that tern the occurrence of periodical fairs or races- applications have frequently beenliade by the magistrates, for the assistance oft e t lie belonging to the borough of' Bath. That assistance has been given many times, but it is manifest that it can be available only in the parts adjoining the borough, and I think the House illasgree with me that the county should possess an efficient police force of ita own. (Hear, hear. I have now statedall that it is neesmay to say with regard to the law and the facts in counties. I will advert afterwards to the provisions of the bill; but I think I ought to proceed now to state the law and the facts relative to boroughs, because it has been asserted that, although the bill might be useful as respects counties, where the system of parish constables has been found to be inefficient, yet it would be a violation of the principle oE local self-government and an infringement of the rights warranted by the Municipal Reform Act for Parliamenth to interfere -with the police in boroughs where the force is declared to be in a perfectly efficient state. Now, let us see what the law is as respects borouehs in order to ascertain whether Parliament really hs abdicated its functions in the manner stated, and whether we have no right, having passod the Municipal Reform Act, to take additional precautions, whenever necessarv, for rendering the police m boroughs more efficient. Under the Municipal Act it is the duty ofr the town-conncil in every borough to appoint a watch committee out of its own members, and that watch committee, when appointed, is to provide a sufficient number of fit persons as policemen to keep the peace both br day -ad by mght, and to afford sulfficient protoc. honwithin the borough to life and property. Did the act stoD there ? It is assumed hthat it did, and, thxt, the whole authority with regard to the maxagement of the police having been abeolutely dlegated to the municipa oodles, Parliament would not further interfere in the matter. But the act did not stop there; and when it is said by the opponents of this memasre that the mere faet of inspection-by which is meant the mower of asoertaining the number of the polie in boroughs-as a violation of the prin. ciple of the Municipal Acet, I would remind hon. gentlemen.o that there are provisions in that actwrhich require that there shal be returs sent to Theo Secretary of state qurerly'
YOUTNG WOMEN's CHRISTI ASSOCIA TION.-A CONVERISAMZIONE, to inaugurate this Assciaticn: wl be held (D.V.) in the Hanover square Rooms, on Saturday eKt ing, March 1856: The ight on. IL ord PANMU;E, E.T., in the cair. The Jasi of tihaftesbury, the Hon. end Rev. D. W. Noel, Lord CM. thorpe, the Eev. Canon Chanipseys, J. C. Colquboun, Esq., the Rer. J. B. Owen, and others will take part in the proceedins. Tea at 6. Chair taken at half-past 7. Card. of admission, Is.; reserved seatsg, li; to be had at Moms; Nisbet and Co.o, Bemers-street: .Seeley'-, Hanover-strset and yleet. street; and Hatehard's, Piceadilly. 12 OYAL CA DONIA ASYLUM, HoUowy, JLi for supporng, educating. and lothing the chfldren of sDider sailors. azd mrie (natives of ScDtlana, -who bive diledole I d abled in the service of their country. or of indigent Scotch pareataresi. dent in Landon. not receiving parochial relief.-Notice is hereby cien. that a QUARTERLY COURT of Guardians of this Institutio-n wil be held at the Scottish Hospital, Crane-court, lleet-street, on Eatur. day, 22d March inst, at 2 o'clock precisely (the 21st being Good Friday), to fil up a vacancy in the list of Vice-Presidents, to elect eight 1-irectoes is the place of those going out by rotation, to place candidates on the list for election in June, and on general business. FRAINCIS CREW. Secretary. Caledonian Aylum, Holloway. March 10. 18S6. AMARITAN I NSTITUTION.- s itron-The MosttNoble the Harouls of BRISTOL. Presdent-The Right Ron. the L.ORD MAYOR, The ANNIVERIARY DINNER iwil take place THIS DAY lTuesda ), 11th of March. at 6 O'dlock-. at the London Tavern; ,TheRightHon. L ord LONDESBOROUGH in the hair. Dii last winter 75.63 destitute persons were relieved. 15,431 _Lttended divinerzervice and Scripture hisruction. in the lnWtattion. and 20.293 houseless poor made use of the free laths and lavatorie Crontributios tnaurully received by Alesors. Glyn, Mlls, and Co., bankers, Lombard-street; Charles llladdock,Esq., M,A., 15, Serieante. Inn, Temple; and at the Sasnritan Institution Victoria-street, Fsc nngdoa-street, by S. B. P'AC BARBEE, ec. A Generous offer has been made to the SOCIETY for the RESCUE of YOUNG WOMEN and CrHILREN of om modious house at half rent. to be occupied as a Servanuts'Hore.-Tha Committee are resolved to accept the offer, and nowr make an earnest APPEAL for assitance to enable them to furnish it. Thattherea thousands of young women (uany of them innoOnt young creatures fromn thecountry) out of service In this metropoli, and that they are obliged toreaortto common lodging-houses, andthat. asis we l)mown. in mDany many instances they are thus dra'en into evil, are facts which present a sufficiently strong claim upon the benevolent as to induce us to expect an immedistereeponse to this appeaL. lL, Poultv. Lonldon. D .ANIL COOPER, Se. S IXTY POUNDS are WALNTEIT, to Rescue 12 K Gir-ls from Ruln.-The Committee have nor received 2, anul require the additional Eum to complete 2100 for the purchase of fumni. tmre for another familyhome, in uhich to receive about 12 girls. The responsibility of providing for them when under their cae the Cen. mittee take upon theelTve. There is not now any uncertainty about the thing being carried out. but, in consequence of a number of nrgent cases being now waiting, the Committee are urged to opeu the home at once. Almost everyrostbings new application on behalf of some poor childon the brink of ruin. The Suraety bas five homes andre. fuges, and during the past l2monthabsas admitted 250 young females. Inmmediate asstance is requested. The home i fcr girls from 10 to 15 years of age. Cases of prevention. On behblf of the Committee. DANIEL COOPEP, Sec. Bociety for Rescue of Young Women and Children, Offices, 11. Poultry, London. ISTRESS and HUNGER.-SOUP KITCHEN, Bath-nlace. New-read, is still open and vweekly relieves thousands. DONATIO.NS andSUBSClIPTIONS are earnestly solicited that this relief may continue and will be received by the oiidon and Weatminzter Bank, Stratford-place: the Treasurer, Jr_ Jakins, E1q., a2. Osna. burgh-street, tegent's-park: or by the Secretary, 3r. Porter, on the premises. "ICE,STER-SQUARE SOUP KITCHEN.-Last L1 week 6,80' persons in want of food were suppl-'ddby this Charity. The continued slacknmes of the building trados produces much distress and brings many industrious artisans and labourns to reek the temrDraiy assistance here afforded. Avisit to tho Kitchen ay day at 3 o'clock will prove interesting to those wfho resard the condition of the poor. The following letterhas beenroceivedfrothe Eal of Shaftesbury::'Shr-I a^mghd to lea^rn that rou2rComm2!i-xe have determined to issue2an appeal on bshalf of the Soup Kitchen. I can bear testimoDi to the extreme necessity oF it at the presrut momue t, and to the care :thrl and humanity with vwnich the establishmnent is conducted. - "*'i 3. Hoo,Your obedient 2srvant. SElAFTESBUtY. :'Mr. J. Hobao. Secretary." Contributions3 will be thankfully receired at the bankers', Meae. Barnett and Co's, Lombard-street; the Union I'ank of LoLdom. Pall. mall east; and at the office. Ham-yard. Great WindmilU stroet. St. Jam.ess. By order of the Committee bts,rchm5,l1856. JOHN HOBS,oN. Secetary. R OYAL HUMA'E SOCIETY: instituted 1774, anud splorted solely by voluntary contzibutiona--His Grace the I'uke of WELLINGTON. Prcsident.-1'h Conunlittee have ths2 pleasure of annooingthatteE IGllTY-SECOEI) , 'NNIVER&AR ES2TIVAL of this Institution *rEd bchold at Freemasons'-hall, Great ueen-street. on Wednhesday. the Ittli ot .April; His Grace the Duke oE:^f WELLLsNGTONinthe chair. Itight HIoeL the Lord Mayor CaptainE E. G. I9ehbourne, R.N. Viscount Rayrhamu. bLP. Frederick Gray, Egq. BcnI. B. Csbbeil, eqg., MbP. and Tbomas Hawes, Esq. VP l*eni. Oliveira, Esq_. ALP. Major-General Sir J. C. Chatter- Thomas 1'hinn, Esq. ton, BILt., E.EL Btajor J. Hi. Re-a, 'ILP. Colonel Hugh 3ailie Aldernan med Sheriff Rose 3eV', m. I .ey Seymourw, Vaq. M'P. Asdrew Caldecoct, EFe. Edward Tewart, EM. Owen Clutton. Esq. Matthew Uzielli. Eq, Fred. Joseph CrWsin, Esq. - Wm. W. E. IVyine, earql. ILP. DLnnarsthalf-post5fore6 o'clook precisely. Honorary -nedahliong will bepesented after dinner. Tickets. 1 each, tto be ha4 at the So. olety's office and the Freemzasons' Tavern. Daring the late frost 57,000 persous ventured on the ice in tho parka, 14 were immersed, andrescued by the icemuen and apparatus of the So-. Suhaseiptions anlddonatirrnstban7;ully received byBen janie Have, Ero., T.easeirer, s) norfttHonse. lXd }ent-road; Dimsdnle an 1 Co.. Crwrbill D =ummud and Co.. Charing-erss. bankers; and at. thn Society's offiree. 3, Trafalgar-square, by . acI 8,1iSS6, JOSERPH CIIAILIE:II, SEoc,
I -LONDOZLY, TUESDA Y, B3fABCH 3, 186. I In the House of Lords yesterday The Earl of MALTESBURY gave notice that if the armistice between England and Russia expired on the 31st of the present month he should after that dat? call the attention of the House to the correspondence laid on the table relative to the fall of Ears. The Earl of EiEsBORROVGH specified some points alluded to in the correspondence on which the Houise ought to have fuller information. The Marquis of CLAwRicARDE wished the Earl of MAiMESBuRY would define more distinctly the purpo4 of his motion. The Earl of M&nssrxsnuY was not prepared to state exactly what his motion would be; his object was to call attention to the correspondence before the House, and to express his private opinion as to the,causes of the disaster of lars. The Earl of DERBY gave notice he should tomorrow (this day) put a question to Lord PIruRE relative to the gross frauds stated to have been committed under a contract for supplying mortars to theOrdnanice Department. On the motion for goimg into committee on the Lea~ses and Sales of Settled Estates Bill, Lord Sr. LEoNARD's urged theLoRD CH"c=on to delay the bill until the measure introduced into the' House of Commons transferring to the Court of Chancery the powers of the Encumbered Estates Court should be disposed of. The present bill applied to Ireland as well- as England, but would be rendered unnecessary for the former country, as the bill pending in the other House contained stiU more extensive powers. The sales under this biU would only convey ordinary titles, while the measure before the Lower House would confer a Parliamentary title to aU property sold under [it; the two measures could not work concurrently. He thought if the work of the Encumbered Estates Court in Ireland and the business created by the present bill in England were thrown on the Court of Chancery, it would be overborne by the extra labour, and break down altogether. He deprecated throwing so many administrative duties on the Court, which were rather withinthe province of auctioneers and surveyors than of the judges. He thought, too, if the jurisdiction of the Encumbered Estates Court were extended in Ireland to estates that were not so burdened, it would be impossible long to defer the application of the same system to England. The LoRD C-cELL6R would not follow Lord Sr. LEoXARD?s through the whole of his speech, the greater portionof which did not apply to the bill before the House at all, but to a measure pending in the House of Commons, which, it would be time enough to discuss should it be sent up to them. The present bill merely gave the Court of Chancery the power of enabling parties to dispense with the nee cessity of applying to Parliament for private acts; the saiiie securities were enforced by the bill as were taken by the House of Lords in all private bills; and the cases were not so numerous as to justify the apprehension that they would overwhelm the Court of Chancery with work. Parliamentary titles were not unknown in England; all the lands purchased by railway companes were- held by a Parliamentary !title;,and if the system of ~~g them had been fuda benefit in Ireland, he did not see why it should not be extended there and adopted in England. As the- Irish Encumbered Estates Court was area~dy managed by three Commissioners of whom *two were judges, the change proposed in Ireland was little-more than nominal, and he believed there was a clause in the act which would prevent any of the business being thrown upon the Master of the Rolls. The bill then went through committee, the report was received, and the House adjourned. ' In the House of Commons, Sir G. GREY, in moving the second reading of the bill to render more effectual the police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales, said, although, in moving for leave to bring in the bill, he had made a full statement of the reasons which had induced the Government to prepare this measure, so much misconception prevailed as to its. object and scope, and so much opposition had been 'raised to the whole bill, that' he took that opportunity of restating, those reasons, as well as the nature of the provisions contained in the bill, and of 'explaining the modifications he proposed to make in it. He read extracts from the evidence taken before the j Committee of that House upon whose report the bilr wasfounded, which showed the necesity of a general and uniform system of' police, and, after explaining the provisions of the existing law in relation to counties, he mentioned facts ilustrative of the evils resulting from the imperfect state of the law, from the want of an efficient general rural oonstabulary, in the West Riding of Yorkshire, fco example, and which were discre4itable, i bia I I I I I opimon, to. a ,civilized Government. He then examined the law, under the Municipal Corporations Act, relating to the police of boroughs and conibated the objection that, as respected theborough polioe, Parliament had abdicated its functions, and that, although with counties it might deal as it pleased, boroughs were, sacred ground. He replied likewise to the objection that the bill was founded'upon a scheme of centralization, observing that thiswas a question which concerned not only particular localities, but the cbnimunity generaUy. Re addueed'evidence to prove the deficiencies of the poliee, both ini quantity and quality, not onlxy in small boroughs, under the MIunicipal Act, but in certain larger ones named by him, and he read a circuilar wrhich bad been sent to 38 boroughs, calling. the Attention of the Town Councils to the inadequacy of their civil force. Where the numbers of the police did not bear too small a proportion to the population of the place the regulations under which they acted did not always secure their efficiency, and he cited an admiission by the Lord-Mayor of YoRx, thav the police of that eity was very inefficient. Sir GEORGE went through and expounded the chief provisions of the bill, noticing and answerin the objections urged against some of them by the broughs -where an opposition to the bill had been raised which, he said, was wholly unexpected-and speciLying the alterations he proposed to make in order to otviate some of the objections; and he asked the House whether the measure,. subject to the modifictions he proposed, was' open to the charge that it violated the principle of loeal control and management, and whether it went further than was necessary'to remedy the defets of the present system. - Mr. C. FORSTER,- notwithstanding the proposed modifications'of the 'bill; persevered in the amendment of which he had given notice, to defer the' secohd teading for six months. He objected to the principle as Wbll-as'the,detailsof the bill, which was rega&ded, he said, as a stepping-stone to that system of centralization which, thoughi suited to continental nations, was 'repugnant to the institutions and. habits of :ngland. He. suggested that this bill shouild be withdrzawn, and another introducecl free from objection. The amendmemit was seconded byCaptain Sconxr, tho stigmiatized. the bill as imperious, tyrannical, and un-English ; and he disputed some of the statisticsi upon the credit of which the bill was jus' ified. Sir H. STRACEY supported the bill, suggesting a few alterations. Sir G. PEcn= opposed the bill, his objections to which had not been removed, he said, by the explanations and nt6difications of Sir G. GREY. Mr. PAcx defended the bill, :which, in his opinion, did ,not infringe municipal rights, or contain anything of which the boroughs could reasonably complain. Sir J. WAimsIY said the borougrhs did not object to the most efficient police regulations; what they did object to was the interference of the Snons. TARy oF STATE, thinking that they could take care of their own interests. The policy of Parliament should be to fostef local self government. - Colonel SXrH admitted that the alterations proposed to be made in the bill had removed many of his objections to it; but he reconlmended. that the bill should be withdrawn, and another introduced confined to counties. Mr. BENrcx likewise acknowledged that the speech of Sir G. GREY had obviatedniany of his objections; but he pointed out some parts of the bill which he thought still objectionable. IVrx. W. J. Fox concurred in the recommendation that the bill should be confined to counties. Municipal corporations, having Townjouncils, hiad the means of protecting themselves. He could not' consent to subject them to the degradation of in. spectors, and to even the mitigated control authorized by the bill.' Mr. }ENrxr observed that when Parliament was about to make a system of police- compulsory it ought to base its legislation, not upon opinions, but upon facts. The evidenie taken bv the committee of 1853 he thought wa3s defective in this respect, and he gave the results of a very comprehensive examnination of criminl statistics. For the last 15 years he compared four counties having a rural police with four counties without a rural police, the population and acreage being nearly the same, whence it appeared that, in the latter there had been an increase of popultion without-an increase of crime; and from other elements it resulted that the counties without a rural police were less prolific in criminals than those under the protection of such a force. With respect to the boroughs, he was not surprised, he said, at their apprehensions; after the late attack upon their money they. were jealous of anything like an invasion' of their franchises. I' e thought- it was evideiit that it was the inten- tion to give the conservation of the peace from' the magistracy to the police, and the effect of such transfer of authority was seen where the Homeoffice had the power, as in the outrages in Hyde Park. SirW. HmArCOT:, speaking for the counties, supported the bill, replying to Mr. HfEN'uY and Sir J. WALSISLEY. There was a fallacy, he thought, in the argument drawn by the former from criminal statistics, the real test being the amount of detected crime. MIr. J. B. S3rrrH considered this to be an attempt to deprive the boroughs of self-government, and that it ought to be met by directly negativing the bilL MSIr. Ricu, on the other hand, contended that the bill contained not the slightest infringement of the liberties of the boroughs. Mr. DxEDES observed that when the existingRural Police Act was introduced it was denounced as an invasion of the constitutional principle of local selfgovernment; but that act was voluntary and permissive only, and when the House was asked to make it compulsory a necessity should be shown for altering the law. Sir G. GREY, he insisted, had made' out' no plea o necessity, and r. Hli.Y had demonstrated that none existed. Mr.X Musrz hoped the Government would withdraw this mutilated bill. Why, he asked, did they not leave the boroughs to manage their own affairs ? Mr. WAR could see nothing in the bill that could justly raise a suspicion of an attempt to interfere with local jurisdiction. bIr. BARRow, Mr. CoBBnTT, MIr. KNiGHT, and MIr. HAD3rED spoke in opposition to the bill, and Mlr. CAYLEY in favour of its principle. Sir G. GR1Y, in reply, declined to adopt the suggestion that he should withdraw this bill and introduce another, pledging himself that the alterations he shoulld propose in the committee, and which should be previously circulated, would not affect the ppinciple of the measure. The House having divided, the amendment was negatived by 259 to 106, and the bill was read a second time. On the report of the Committee of Supply, a conversation arose as to the exact tenour of an answer of Lord PALmEESroN in the early part of the evening with reference to an amendmient, of which notice had been given by Sir F. THEsiG:R for Friday, of a motion to be made by Mr. LowE for a select -committee on the subject of local charges on shipping. Lord PAL-aERSToN repeated that the intention of the Government was to adopt substantially the amendment-namely, that a committee should be appointed to inquire into the matters which the Commissioners had been appointed to examine, and that their report should be referred to the committee. Mr. DISRAEi said he understood that the Government had withdrawn their original raotion, and assented to that of Sir F. TnxsiGEit. The report, after some conversation upon certain of the estimates, was agreed to. The House then went into committee upon the Trial of Offences Bill, when the policy and principle of the bill underwent much discussion. The House adjourned at a quarter past 2 o'clock.
It was bult the other day that half the world was crying out, rather impatiently, for a consoli. dation and siinplification of the statute law; some. thing, in fact, which was explained to mean as near an approach to a code as the temper :of this country would endure.- Certainly the object was so bomplete a system: as to give lawyers and legislators a little rest for a while. Had any one wished to disabuse us all of such an idea, and to expose its utter futility as applied to this country, he could hardly have imagined- a better example of our never ending,, still beginning, atyle, of legi,la- tion, than the history of the Countim and Boroughs Police Bill. -As Sir GEOrGv GREY pmnts out,. the embiyo of the measure existed in the }Municipal Corporation Reform Act, 'which, in giving to the -new corporations the management of the police, required them to make quarterly returns to the Rome Secretary. Then'came the County Polioe Acts, partially affecting the boroughs, although there could be no, doubt that 'whatever was . allowable or judicious in the case of the countiem was not less so in the' case of the boroughs. The existing state and operation of the law of police is that, as Sir GaooBn GBEY observes, the County Police Act has beer.-accepted by about halt the country. This was obviously a state of transition, for the warnest devotee of .ocal manageient, or.whatever is intended by that expression, could hiirdly imagine that England could.. long remain checkered like a chessboard, with so many white squares' under a sufficient, uniform, and' wellmanaged police, and so many black squares under parish constables, or no police. at alL 'A 'consolidation of the statutes which gave ono system of police for half England, and another system for the other half, and left the adoption of. the, new system. dependent on the life of this or: that magistrate, or the number of murders in a given district, would carry on its face the pledge of. further alteration. As this could not last, Sir GEoRGE GREY came out with a proposition for asiimilating 'and bringing into one system the police of the whole kingdom; in fact, making the adoption of the Police Act compulsory, and no longer optional. This was a considerable step im advance. - Counties, ridings, cities, and. boroughs rose up against it; depuitations beset the Home-office, and at one' time it see'med not unlikely that Sir GXwRwE GniY would be obliged to place his bill on,the saime shelf with the .I%al' Dues on Shipping Bill, and a dozen other measures too good for the age., No' Government, however, can afford to give up- everything, and last night it had, in this instance, the grace to show a bold front, which happily succeeded. Sir GEORGE GiEY made some concessions; which affect- rather the character and purposes of a police force than the uniformity of its action and unity of its management. The result' of these concessions, however detrimental to tlie perfection of his theory,. has unquestionably derived his measure of much of its sting ;- and if Sir GEoEGE GEEY has to deplore the curtailment of his plan, he is consoled by the majority of 259 against 106 with which he carried the second reading'of' his bill. - The concessions with 'which Sir GEoRGEo GREY -has purchased this success are in the fifth and 'sixth'clauses. ln the fifth, as it originally stood, 'the Home Secretary was to have, with the county ahd borough magistrates, a co-ordinate ponwer' of making 'regilations as to the duties of the police. The 'object was to consult economy, by employing the police . for. purposes. not imniediatel,y connected with- the maintenance of order, such as collecting information or carrying out measures of public' health. The police are paid for the whole of their time, and are often, as everybody lnows, at an idle end, though there is plenty- 'of -work 'to - be done which "they are the best possible persons to do. So they have been employed in inspecting weghts and measures, conveying prisoners, serving precepts and notices, 'inspecting nuisances, and the'like. Doubts hive been expressed whether this was a legal employment of the poliece, and the present b11 removes that doubt, giving, however, the Home Secretary the same power of regulating the duties of the police as the bill gives to. 'the local authorities. It would appear, however, that while nobody apprehends the downfall of. British liberty at the hands of Mayors and Aldermen, there is still a lurking suspicion of Govenment, and Sir GZO0GE GB.Ey has been obliged to leave Town-councils in' exclusive possession of the right to determine the extra duties of police. The alteration in the sixth clause is due to the samen jealousy. As it 'originally stood it enabled the Hlome Secretary to prescribe'rules as to the pay, clothing, accoutrements, &-c., of the police in boroughs, as he has for the last 15 years been able to do in th6se, counties that have' adopted the Constabulary Act. It has not been alleged, as far as we know, that the power has either been abused, or even objected to, in the case of counties, but it is evidently unpalatable to the free taste-of towns. Our citizens have been too long accustomed to their own way bf doing things, their own livery, and their own servants, paid, sometimes not very much, for doing nothing, to endure at once the uniform of the State. This is'not to be wondered at, and we will hope the jealousy is not without its use. There is no doubt it is English. When the University of Oxford pays 1,5001. a-year to some men for carryingmaces before the Vice-Chancellor, and only the other day threw. out a proposition to do its foolery rather cheaper, no one can wonder at unlearned Town-councils wishing to pay, clothe, and arm their police after their own fashion. No doubt in this, as in everything else, we must feel our way to uniformity and efficiency. This is what we mean when we call ourselves a practical nation, though the fact is we are continually giving up practical convenience to the maintenance of principles, which of course are theories, though not the less important. In order to preserve the feeling of independence and' the dignity of selfgovernment, we are content to suffer some hundred conflicting and mutually obstructive jurisdictions. Thisu it is that makes every 'county and every town in England a little State, in which any man with the requisite personal qualities, if he thinks it worth his while, may become the Chairman of the Sessions, or the 'Mayor, or the leader of some conclave to be found in most towns, which names to every office and initiates every measure. To 'get the ascendancy over our fellow-citizens, to command the homage. of oiur neiglhbours, certainly requies higher qualities and developes greater powiers than getting into the good graces of a Minister or working up to . the head of a department; though perhaps it is not the way in which administrative powers are most usually acquired. It is the way of this country, however, and is not to be altered in a generation. Our cities and boroughs are little republics, which will preserve a certain degree of independence, even at the cost of a lavish expenditure and much misrule. But who knows how far our national spirit of adventure, of commerce, of colonizing, of pushing our fortunes anyhow and everywhere, may be partly due to the rough schooling of our self-governing parishes and municipalities 9 That, indeed, is the prevailing sentipent, and we cherish it at great cost-the cost, among other things, of a very indifferent police.'
Two years ago Parliament made an effort to rescue the University of Oxford fromn those .medieval fettels which enchained her limbs and'regulated her every movement in aecordance with the will of a -founder or benefactor- who had clos0d 'his eyes in death a century. or two before the Reformation burst upon Europe andupon I ome. Of a3 the devices which :puny man invents to perpetuate his- memory 'beyond the brief duration of his bodily eistence, there is none, perhaps, so strange or so effective as 'the foundation of a College or the endowment of a charity. Conquerors ravage provhicvs and tal;e aipitaL but they perish on the hecatombs '' wh'om they, ha-y'e slain; the plough 'obliterates tThL' track of tho cannon, and an 'abundant hai vest springs up from the bones of heroes tha1. lie buried beneath it. ' The Eastern tyrant bt" ilds his pyramid or his 'teiples but the work ous`lives the name of its founder, and the characters sui -vive after a deep oblivion has settled on their it'retatin. Bat a coUege, an almshouse, a literary o eleemosynary foundation, is a long promontory proj>Cting from the continent of the past into the ocean of tLre future, preserving, with equal fidelity the name of its founder and-the manners of his' age. The Dluecoat boys walk about the streets in the costume of the sixteenth century, and the little girls of the Foundling -devour their Sunday dinner in the mob caps and aprons which adorned the housewives of London in the days of the early GEoBGEs. Even suc'h, but, far more ancient, is. the University of Oxford. It casts the shadow 'of the Middle Ages far into the level lands of the nineteenth century, and dwells among us as a colony of the half-forgotten time before MmAwrHnoN wrote or LurTEi preached. No. wonder MI DE MO1-TA1EMsBuT was astonished at this marvellous relic of the past in' the midst of busy England-the land of the -presen' and of the future. Such a sight is delightful to an antiquary, edifying, if mournful, to a Roman Catholic, but not so cheering to the statesman, who hopes to iind in this ancient University the nucleus of an education adapted to all the necessities of modern society. Therefore have we' striven to regenerate this ancient seat of learnig, to rescue it from -its medimval fetters, and to make it for the future what it has been hitherto-the first place of education iii the Country. The degree in which our efforts have succeeded formed the subject of a very interesting conversation in the House of Commons on Thursday night. Three Colleges-Exeter, Corpus, and Lincoln-had availed themselves of the opportunity given them to reform their own statutes, and the statutes so reformed had received the assent of the University Commission. To these statutes three objections were raised :-First,that they unduly favoured the ecclesiastical element, by refusing to allow the Head of. Corpus Christi College to be a layman, in direct contravention, of' the wishes of the FeeUows of that learned society. To this charge no answer was attempted, and it must therefore be taken to be established. Secondly, the Commissioners were charged by Sir Jonx PASG O-,r with having struckl poverty out of the list of requisites for Fellowships, and restricted them only to moral ancd intellectual excellence; and, thirdly, Exeter College was chargad with having imposed new tests on her Fellows and Scholars, in place of those which the act of Parliament had abolished. The -duties of ihe Commission aqppear to us to have been to mediate between the University and the public, and to temper the exclusively ecclesiastical tendencies of the one so as to bring them into harmony with the secular and utilitarian leanings of the other. How have the Commissioners discharged their duties in this instance ? They have, no, doubt, done right in getting rid of poverty as a ground of selection, which, at best, is only so much taken from merit and given to misforhtne. But 'to require the Read of a Protestant College to be a clergyman seems to us by no means a faithful execution of the trust reposed in the 'Commission. Surely it is enough to secure the : required number of . clerical Fellows to provide that they shall succeed 'in their . turn to livings, while the lay Fellows must go forth and fight their way in the world, or rest contented with the trifling pittance of their7ellowships, without driving into the Church, under pain of depriving-them of their only means of subsistence, men whose vocation does not lie in the direction'of the ministry? But the most serious charge agaiust the Commissioners is, that they have allowed new tests to be devised, so as to counteract the benevolent intentions of the Legislature, and to press with increased severity not only on Dissenters, but on. those who conform to-the doctrine and discipline of the Church of England. When the subscription to the Thirty-nine Articles required on entrance to the University had been abolished, the only test that remainedto bindthe Fellows and Heads of Colleges was that imposed by the Act of Unif6rmity-a conformity to' the liturgy of the Church of England. As far as it went, this test seeras to have been quite sufficient. It excluded Dissenters, for Dr. JoNsmsox defines a Conformist to be not a Dissenter; and it provided for the decent administration of, and attendlance upon, that daily worship which is an essential part of collegiate discipline. For Scholars and ordanary members of the College there was no test, and we cannot help thinking that it would have been wiser to abstain from any attemipt to enforce upon persons so young the acceptance of any religious symboL The Conumissioners have, however, thought otherwise. In defiance, as it appears to us, of the act of Parliament, and most probably in excess of their own legal functions, the Comni3ssioners have imposed upon the Fellows and Scholars the est, not of conformity to, but of. membership of the Church of England, which requires, as we understand it, something more than an explicit adhesion to her doctrines.. Thus is the policy of the Legislature thwarted, and thus does the Comnission, which was formled for' the express purpose of carrying out the liberal intentions of Parliament, take awayin detail, by erecting barriers around each College, that freedom which was granted to the Uni-versity. We believe that in pursuing this course the Commission has exceeded its legal powers; but, whether this be so or not, it has undoubtedly exposed itself to the censure of having betrayed to the enemy the very position which it was expressly delegated to defend.
Has Sir W. CoDruNrToN no friend to point out to him that the Commander-in-Chief of a Blitish army has a reputation to preserve ? If his acquaintances or his Staff are too delicate in their hints, it becomes Lord PAwThIURE, as his natural guardian and sponsor, to point ont to him the necessity of a little common sense. It is now about four months since General CoDImnGToio was nominated to his command. He had a fair reputation in camp as a working officer, and, if he was not much known to the public at home, that was perhaps an advantage. At the final struggle of the Redan his conduct had been called in question, but people must be content with what they can get, and England, at that time sore pressed for a commander, acquiesced calmly enough in General CosDrINGTo's appointment. We ,ourselves asked for him the public goodwill aud consideration. Both have been freely extended, and no soldier who ever served a free countr has been less the: object of unfriendly criticism.- Not 3 word was written against -him until he began t- write against himself. lowever, during a period of the profoundest peace he has managed to destroy whatever reputation he possessed. Not even winter and' an armistice have -been able to save- -him. He wnnounced to the army his assmuption of command in an address *hicbz was mercifully withheld from the public. Smince then he has persevered in maling hiMself and his offioe ridiculous, 'and now Fort Nicholas is nut mpre utterly destroyed th>u the. reputatiop. for go6d sense ofithe neriedl who. so elaborately described Its ruin. I It will be seen from the "General 0_4ers" wiic x we publishl to-day that Sir W. 'CODVn1YOX htG commenced offensive operations for tie ie,,1 by an attack on the press., We must say tb1g tfi has somewhat surPrised us. -Indeed, to co'fes; the trath, it rather seemed that the Gmneral -'w desirous of meeting our correspDndents, not With hostility, but on a field of honourable rivalrj; We were afraid that they would have to look to' their laurels, about to be snatched away by onei who wielded much in the same style the pen and fthe sword.. HiEwever, the Comnmander.iiiCiihef .i still, above all things, a disciplinarian. The author may soften, but the General is fied. Eli " ivtice has been broughV" to the publication, a ne%Yspaper by a correspondent at Rertclh of. mninute details of lines and. works, strength "f. garTisons and militWy afrangements, all, " how-- "ever. old and inconect they may be, publishe& for our evemies, under, the supPosition that "such things .a"e necemary fotf the interest or " amusement of the people of ]England." . HE accordingly authorizes General xrIviAh- " to ar"rest the individual *ud send -hiti- away "at once, unless he has reason to believe -that "such-lfolly will not be repeated." Now, here we may as well state that we have no notion to, what communicatioii the General refers. It may, have appeared in these columns, or in those of any' one 'of our contemporaries; -If- in ounrs, it was written 'by a military afficer, and, 'if Geabrat CoDnBnGToN has -any real -ground of com.- plaint, it -is' probable that *the writer, too technical in his details, did not iinitte the caution which is always pracitise`d by t t. correspondents. flowevoer, - Chief, having his terrible -eap ' e,proceedz ' "improve" the case for the be'nefit of the j-re4s and the public generally. In the midst of hit strictures he'is not forsaken by his own literaryr aspirations. It is evidently for home circulation that he writes the following:--" The people of "England have more common seise. They do, "not want to see the interests of the army be"trayed by the thoughtlessness o a correspondent, "or- by the wish of any one to see himrself in. C print." " The Commander of the Forces," he says, "chas occasionally 'seen siilar things "from this camp." So he concludes a long anui purposeless address by requesting officers to publish nothing that -wll benefit the enemy, and that Generals of Division will, by means of their Assistant-Adjutant.General, bring the tenour of this order " to the notice of the recognized corre"spondents of newspapers." ' It can'certainly be' no gratification to the most rigid supporter of 'discipline to find a Commanderin-Chief making so impotent a demonstration. General CODmmGTOX, without occasion or purpose, taLes upon himself to scold the newspaper press. And what is the time that he chooses for this lectrue on the indiscretions of correspondents ? It is after he has-been monthsin command-after operations have been long over; it is when an armistice is concluded. In the days of the Aamelon and3Malakhoff such an attack might have had some popularity in military circles, but now we silouli think even a jury of old club colonels would decide that General CoDBiGToN iad better hava held his tongue. Iu fact, it is evident that he has been for months bursting with anxiety to -rite something fine against the pres ; and, as is usually the case with a weak-minded man, he has chosen. the worst opporhmity. Any soreness at publis criticism is excusable at the time, but so poor a3 attemDt at retaliation half a-year after the supposed offence must excite the ridicule of all.
-PRTSSIA- --- (Br SwR]M- AND BrB= ,E;EGRAPI.) We have received the followhi g telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent - "BERLiN, ]MO1Di&Y EVr-\rs, MMORn 10. "The President of Police, Herr Von Hinckelday, was this morning shmot in a duel by Ilerr VoiL Rochow, whom he had felt obliged to challenge." PRTTEC JXROAfE. The iIonifeutr of Yesterday has the following respecting the health of Prince Jerome Bonaparte:- " It was on Friday evening last that his Imperial Iigh. ness Pxinoe Jerome was attacked 'vith a fluxionid,e p,oiffrnc,h which decli-ed itself with alarming symptoms, but which. happily, soon disappearedL " On Saturday, at 3 o'clock, their Majesties the Emperor and Empress paid a visit to his liperil Highness, who continues to improve in health, as will be seen by the subjoined bulletins:- "'SuNDiv, !AnecH 9, 8 AM. "'The PRnce passed a good night; his state is satisf I A"'i lACH 9, Noom. "'There is no change in the state of his Imperial High. ness Prince Jerome Napoleon since this morning. The irm. provement continues. . "'T I he symptoms from the auscultation of the chest are favourable. The improvement continues. " ' RAYYER. "ILE ' KELOO.
COUBT CIRCULAR. Her ajesty the Queen and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by her Royal Hfighness the Princess Royal, dined with her Royal Highness the Duchess cf Cambridge last evening at her residence in St. James's Palace. Their Royal Highnesses the Princess Mry and the Duke of Cambridge were present. The following had the honour of receiving invitations to meet the Qneen, and were also present :-Coat Kiebuansegge, the Hanoverian Minister; L,ady Churchill (Lady in Waiting to the Queen), the DaDu-k of Newcastle, the Marquis of Lanadowne, the Earl of Eglin. toun, Earl and Countess Granville, the Earl of Westmorland, Viscount and Viscountess Sydney, Major-General Bucl;ley (Equerry in Waiting to Her Majesty), Captain theHon. D. de Ros (Equerry in Waiting to Prince Albert), Major Home Pnrves (Equerryin Waitingto the Duchess of0 Cambridge), and Lieutenant-Colonel Tyrhitt (Equerry hi Waiting to the fluke of Cambridge). HIis oyal Highness the Prince Consort rode onhorsebacic in the forenoon, with the Prince of Wales and Prince hlfred, attendedby Captainthe Hon. D. de Ros and Mr, Prince 'ictor of Hohenlohe arrived in town yesterday, visited Her Majesty at BuckinghamnPalace, and left Londor; in the afternoon for Frogmore. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa visitedher Royal Highneas the Duchess of Glocester at Glocester-house. A deputation on the subject of steam postal cominunication with Australia had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterday at his offcial residence itt Downing-street. The deputation consistedof Messrs. W. C_ Wentworth and William MI'Arthur (late rnembers of the Legislative Council of New South Wales), Mesrs Joln Moore Airey and G. W. Cole (late members of the Legislative Council of Victoria), Mr. John Sinclair (lato inember of the Legislative Council of Tasmania). lnI. D. Larnachl (manager of the Bank of New South lVnles), MSr. Robert Brooks, Mr. Edmunad Westby, MIr. F. A. Ducroz, Ur. James A. Soul, and Mr. John C. King. Adeputation from the Torquay Local Board of Health. had aninterviewyesterdaywith theoRightHon.W.Cowper, President of the General Board of Health, at his officee Whitehall. The deputation consisted of Mr. W. KitsoI (Chairman of the Local Board), Messrs. Robinson, RichardsA and Harvey, attended by Mr. G. C. Harder, the clerk to the Board. A deputation. from the Protestant Dissenting Deputies lad. an -nterview with Sir George Grey on Saturday at thek Home-office on the'subject of the Burial Acts and burial boards tees. The deputation consisted of lklr. Apsley Pel. Latt, ILP., Mr Low, Mr. Childs,. Mr. Watson, Mr. Gover' and the secretary. This deputation was accoimpanied bz othlers from Halesworth and-Woolwich. 3Mr. Jardine (plio" Inaugistrate), mith Mr. Pa"nter aud MIr. William Corrie, had an interview with the Chancellot, of the Exchequer yestierday. Despatches were reeived at the ColoniLl-offioe y'VierdAy. from the Governor of the-Cape of Good Hope aud l.e GovGer, nor of the Palliland Iland * We are compelled, by' the l to iylic oure rarliamentary Report extendI, to pospone unti td morrow the pubigvtion 9f. our Law and awslze i1 ; genee.^
8ECOND EDITION. I !DHB TImES OFFICE, TumiayMomivg. THE FAST. (Br SUBARME AND BRISH GRAM .) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent.- "KAESEILLES, TUESDAY, KAM], 11, 8.37 AML I "Tle Euphrate has arrived, with advices from Constntinople of the 3d, and from the Crimea of the 1st instant. "The despatches leave at 9 a.m. "Your correspondent in the Crimea writes,- "' The White Works at Sebastopol were blown lip on the 28th of February. "C' Generals Timoieff,* Martimprey, Windham, and Colonel Pettiti, met yesterday at Traktir-bridge. She three latter presented conditions for an arainisicO agreed upon by the Commanders-in-Chief. " ' IGeneral Timoieff transmitted them to General luderm "' The health of the troops is excellent. " "The bad weather is over.' " * This Rusia General's name is variously spelt. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- The -seventh meeting of the Congress took place to-day. Nothing positive has transpired of the proceedings. The last fte for the Plenipotentiaries was given last nig,ht at the Palace of theTuileries. After dinzer a 1iece in two acts was performed, entitled "9I ya Xs de Fu,me sans Feu." During the performance tbo of the spectators were seen to retire to a distant part of the sa3on, and to all appearance kept up a dialogue, which was perhaps less comic than w-hat Tas spoken on the stage, but which was quite as interesting. These two were . Count Ordoff and Count BuoL A conversation ensued; It was rather cold and calm. 4t flbst; by degrees it gre"" earnest, and as it havanocd became most snimated, if not angry. So far as could be judged from pantomime, Count Orloff was expressing in 'nergetic termns his disapproval of something or tome one, and at each phrase he uttered he raised Lis arm high, and then sent it down with force. IIis countenance, never remarkable for the soft graces, was more expressive and stern than usual; and his; gesture was haughty and occasionaUly arrog3nt. Count Buol appeared entirely on the defen,sive; he evidently tried to make the best of what the other considered a poor case; and when he could not answer shrugged his shoulders piteously and helplesoly; but the more vehement part in the dialogue -Was throughout that of the Russian. The etfe4-4te lasted nearly till the play was over. An artic'e has very recently appeared in the Madrid paper, the Espana, and which no doubt is intended to produce considerable effect at home and al-rad. With the cunning habitual to the patrons Ef that journal, it insinuates, rather than asserts, that so:me formidable designs are entertained by Francs with reference to Spain, so soon as peace mhall lie concluded; and that symptoms of such an intentio have beenalreadymanifested here. It relates, or invents, a story that verbal communications -ladbeen addressed by CountWalewski toM. 01ozaga, the Spanish Ambassador, that Count Buol, the Austian Plenipotentiary was present, and that 1le Mhrquis de Turgot, French Ministerat Madrid, r peated to General Zabala, Spanish Minister of Foreign Afairs, the terms of that communication. !I he conmnunication was it appears to -the effect tht {he state of Spain had long occupied the Emperor's thoughts; that it was not so much overt acts of disorder and insurrection as the active propagaudism of anarchical principles that occasioned apprehiension, tnd that it was doubtful whether the Bpanish Government, however well intentioned, were strong enough to malke head against the events that might occur. To this, or similar language, M. Olozaga is described by the Espana as making the best defence he could, and he declared that his GoWernment was no more wanting in power than in goodwill to put down anarchy. The Espana adds that M. Olozaga communicated by - extraordinary uetafette this intelligence, which, .no doubt, grieviEl sly - a.Larmed him; that the French Ambassador *n Madrid communieated, on the part of Count Wale#sli, the same to General Zabala,who asked for a copy of the despatch, but which M. de Turgot 3efused; and that the whole subject, namely, lhe verbal remonstrances of Count Walewski and the repetition of them subsequently by 3t. d- Turgot to General Zabala, was discussed lby the Council of Ministers, who decided on making a reply to the French Government, with the view x)f showing how erroneous were their notions respecting Spain and Spanish affairs. Without taking upon myself the part of defender of the F-rench Governmeit, and without on this ocaion speaking on French authority, I am enabled assure you that the facts mentioned by the Bispana rith the evident object of exciting alarm in Spain and increasing the difficulties of the Govern3ent, are devoid of truth. No "remonstrances" of the Idnd mentioned as having been made by Count Walewski to M. Olozaga have taken place ; and Count Buol, who is rresented as being present on the occasion, has never once found hiraself at anyinterview with these Miisters. .L Olzoaga did not send an extraordinary estafette to Madrid with despatches of the character noticed, and he has been under no necessity to defend his Government against the reproaches or remonstrances of the French Minister. In my letter of Friday, when cacually alluding to Spain, I mentioned the latisfaOtojy relationsbetween the two Governments; I am now, with the Bspana before me, enabled to CouIirm ray previous statements, and to declare, moreover., on the best authority, that Ithe Emperor Louis Napoleon has on more than one occasion exVressnd -his confidence in the honesty and upright intentiona; of Espartero, and in the spirit and energy of General O'Donnell, and his earnest hope that they maycontinue united. Whether these hopes be realized or not I say nothing, I merely state a fact. As for ary ulterior views on the part of the French :-nperor, I totally disbelieve them, and shall con- tinue to do so until such. time as His 3ajesty becomes--what so many believed him until he proved to be the contrary-a fooL He well knows hofatal Spain was to his uncle; and whenr iews of the kind are in question, I am the more impressed with: the certainty that no one better knows on -wlfat rocks the ambition of the first Empire was wrecked, and that no one is more determined to avoid them. ' I have already stated that the diplomatic rela. .tiozia between the two Govemments are of the ino friendly kind, and that the Emperor, so far from having recourse to the petty faquineries which charaaterized',the previous Governments of France, shows hinmself disposed to aid them in every way. -TheFe is a frontier quesion for instance, that of the Aldudee, which for 85 years has been debated constaitly,. bat never settledbetween the two ountries. Itw as attempted many times, but, owing to the puteaiois of Franoe, which Spain considered as *xocFitazw, had always failed. The question is now filUy amrngeod to the entire satisfaction of the paaish Government. An additional proof of the gow1 fevling existiDg towA SpXam may be founr in postal arrangements concluded between the Governments, very liberal, I am assured, towards that country, and which will be signed in the course of the present week. I could give more instances of the truth of what I assert, and of the falsehood of the insinuations of the Espana. That jouirnal was avowedly founded by the Rian zares family and is still supported by it, That family, that has thrived so well on the disasters and theshame of Spain, sees with regret the friendly relations between France and the present Government of hIadrid, and their organ labours with might and main to excite alarn about ambitious projects, which those who are quite as careful of Spanish interests as Maria Christina or her husband do not believe in the existence of. At all events the facts, which the Espana mentions as having taken place in Paris, are utterly devoid of truth. A private letter from Kiel, of the 6th inst., Says,- " It was generally believed here that the English ships of war which lately arrived would remain some time in our port. To the great 'disaDpointment of our provision vendors, who, for the last two years, have derived considerable profits from that trade, Commodore Watson gave orders to. day to weigh anchor to all the ships of his squadron in consequence of directions received in the morning from the Admiralty. Those ships were for some days ready to put to sea, having all taken in a fresh supply of coal. We have also heard that the commanders of the other ships, stationed at Elsinore, had likewise received sailing orders, and that the entire squadron is to rendezvous on some central point of the Baltic, to resame the blockade of the Russian harbours, interrupted on the approach of winter. According to my information, the squadron of Commodore Watson is to taEke up its station, pro tempore, at the island of Bornholm." We read in the Indlpedance Bedge, under date Hamburg, 7th inst.;- " Ournavigators are of opinion that the English ships of war which left Kiel yesterday, for the Baltic, may, without any serious obstacle, advance as far as the Swedish island of Gothland, and wait the breaking up of the ice at Wisby. The English possess on that small island large depots of coal, and the merchants of Wisby, who rendered the allies so many services during the two last campaigns, will not allow the squadron of Commodore Watson to want for provisions. This entrance for the third time of the English fleet into the Baltic, with the avowed intentionof blockading the Russian ports, alarms our merchants, who anticipate the suspension of their commercial relations in that sea. Those apprehensions are also very general in the Mecklenburg barbours, and in the city of Lubeck, which are situate nearer the Russian territory." The following private telegraphic despatches have been receivedcl "XBFRT.TN, 8TH, EVBNG. "A rumour is current that M. de Manteuffel is on the point of starting for Paris. "The Nezo Prussiacn Gazee announces, but without guaranteeing the statement, that Prince Peter of Oldenburg has been namedGovernor of theRussianprovinces oftheBaltic." " COBLENTZ, 9TH. "The statement that Russian vessels of war have quitted Sweaborg is formally contradicted by a despatch from St. Petersburg in reply to one from Berlin." I"HAMBURG, MARCm 9. "A commercial crisis has taken place in Norway. It is asserted at our Exchange that in the city of Bergen alone 22 commercial houses have stopped payment." "1MADRID, MARCH 8, EVsNIG. "The Grana Central Company has to-day obtained the concession of the railway from Madrid to Saragossa, with a grant from the Government of 55,000f. per kilometre (5-8ths of a mile). The same company, coniointly with the house of Rothschild, has purchased from M. de Salamanca the railway from Alicant to Madrid. These two railways will forn one line from the south to the north of Spain. " The Government has presented fresh customs tarim, which are favourable to Catalonian manufactures." The Emperor gave an audience yesterday to Monsignor Sacconi, the Papal Nuncio, who delivered to His Majesty a letter from the Pope. Baron Manderstrom, the Swedish Mnister, also delivered letters from the King and Queen of Sweden. Baron de Wambolt, who has just been attached to the legpation of the Grand Duke of Hesse, was afterwards presented to their Majesties by Baron. de Grancy, the Hessian Minister. The Emperor and Empress also received several other foreigners of distinction, presented by the Danish and-Prussian Ministers. This morning the following bulletin was issued at the Palais Royal, respecting Prince Jerome:- "M cROn 10, 8 A.M.-His Imperial Highness has not passed so good a night as the preceding one, his cough having proved toublesome. There is not, however, any fever." The Courrier de Marseille says "The Dordogne transport has been for some days baok landing at La Joliette a quantity of cannon brought from SebastopoL They are all large guns, and as they quit the deck artllery carriages carry them off to the stores of the War Department. The Marne, frigate, is .lso landing Russian guns on the Quai St. Jean." There is no change in the commercial situation of Paris. The shopkeepers are stiU continuing their preparations for spring, which, if peace be concluded and the Empress give birth to a Prince, will be a most brilliant and productive season. The intelligence from the provinces is highly satisfactory. All the manufacturers are busily at work. Those of Rouen and Alsace have completely exhausted their stock, and prices, which hitherto afforded a mere trifling [remuneration, having improved, manufacturers have been enabled to impart redoubled activity to their operations. tThe same may be said of the industrial establishments in the north and in the Somme. Lyons is unable to satisfy all the demands crowding in from the United States and Russia. The decline in the price of corn has been very decided during the week. Speculators who had bought upaconsiderablequantityof flourin the hope of disposing of it to advantage in June or July next, are now too happy to part with it even at a loss. Flour and wheat continue to arrive in abundance at Havre and Marseilles, where according to the last advioes rates were deereaing. Tfi&tock at Havre amounted to - 32,000 metrical quintake of Xwheat and 25,00 barrels of flour, and 50,000 -additional barrels and 150,000 hectolitres of wheat were shortly expected in that port from America. In Paris, flour has declined from 3f. to 4f. per sack of 157 kdlogrammes, the best sorts selling from 85f. 50c. to 89f. On Saturday, however, there was a slight reaction, and a few bargains were concluded at 92f. Wheat fell If. per hectolitre, and the accounts from the departments geierally indicate a downward tendency. The crops in the ground present everywhere a most favourable appearance, and promise a more abundant harvest than last year. Rates maintain themselves firm in the cattle markets. At Bercy, the sale of wine has become difficult, and in nearly all the vine districts prices have more or less receded. The vines are in a good condition, but what contributes most to the fall is the diminution in the consumption, occasioned by high price. Languedoc brandy is offered at Bercy at 160f. per hectolitre. Large quantities of English spirits have of late made their appearance on the Paris market, and found ready sale. At Bordeaux, Languedoc brandy only fetched 145f., and spirits from beet 100f. The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways, from the 19th to the 25th of February:- ohe Three per Cents. closd to-aay at 72E. 5c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-..Ha per Cents at 94f. 20c.; and the New Loan at 72f. 65c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,275f.; Great Northern, 982i. SOc.; litrsburg,965f.; new bhares 817f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,243f. 75c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,540f.; Western of- France, 875f.; Bordeaux and Cette, Z60f.; Great %entral of France, 6501.; Lyons and Geeneva, 7551. ; Bank of Cridit Mobilier, 1,550f.; Austrian Railways, 910f. Cbu A aentqu.-PA1us, March lo.-Cash Prioes.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimburable for 10 Years), 93f. 75c.; Three pr Cents., 72F. 71f. 90c. 80c. 60c.; ditto second Loan of 18(45 per cent. paid), 72f. 60e. 50c. 10c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 72F. 60e. 50c. 10o.; Bank of France, 3,450.; Credit Fonder, 675f. 672f. 50c.; ditto Obligations of 600!., Four per Cents., 450f. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cent&, 97. 50c.- ditto Three Cents., 95f.; Crdit Mobilior, 1,560!. 1,5'7f 5Oe. 1,655i.r1,550f.; Discount Bank, 650!. 645f. 650F.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 90f. 5Oc. ; ditto ThSree per eents., 58F.; Austrian Five per Cents.. 89; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents.. 90j; Rlomans,8S7j $8; Spaniish Deferred Converted, 232 24kf; ditto NewPassives, 6a; ditto Inero Debt. 282. E x- change on London, at sight, money, 2Sf. $7je., thsee months, monoey, 241. 97io. AUSTRIA. (FmOM OVR OWN COR 9ONDEXNT.) VIENNA, MARcH 7. A person who is perfectly well informed on such matters tells me that the Irn&jpena,te BeBge has passed "into the hands of thePrussianGovernment." He thus explains the matter :-In 1848 the higlhly respectable house of Schaafhausen of Cologne was in great pecuniary difficulties, and the Minister of Finances, M. Hausemann, saved it from falling by advancing$2,O0,000.Asthea&sistancewasgivenwith the consent of the Prussian Chamber, it was stipulated that the books of the firm Schaafhausen should always be open to the inspection of persons appointed by Government. In fact the State became a sleeping partner in the great Cologne house. Subsequently the so-called Schaafhausen Bankwasformed, andthatestablishment has now purchased the abovementioned Belgian paper. Prince Gortschakoff, who purposes leaving for St. Petersburg on Wednesday next, has already sent off some of his luggage. It is proposed to make some changes in the telegraph department, and in truth there is great roomi for improvement.- Persons, connected with the establishment will not acknowledge that such is the case, but it is morally certain that all non-official despatches containing political news of importance are purposely delayed. It is related that the Austro-French Railroad Company has come to an understanding with the parties who have obtained the concession to construct a railroad from Raab to Semlin. Since the revolution of 1848 the University has served as a barrack for troops, but it has now been decided that it shall be used for civil purposes. A new university is to be built on the glacis leading to the suburb known as the Alser Vorstadt. TheVienna papers would fain induce the world to believe that silveris againin circulationat par, but unfortunately such is not the case. The most valuable coin in circulation is the " Sechser," the intrinsic value of. which is three half-pence and a fraction. The amount of specie in the bank is 51,204,104 IL, that is, 296,007 fl. more than in the month. of January. The paper circulation was 9,428,67fl. less in February than in the preceding month. The T-jportfolio underwent a reduction to the amount of 3,238,071 fl. There is a complete stagnation in trade at Braila and Galatz. The captains of the vessela have offered to reduce their prices to 15s. per quarter for EngElsh ports, and 13s. 6d. for continental places, but the dealers are resolved to hold back their corn for a time. The depth of water on the bar of the Sulina is now l0 EngiEsh feet. RUSSIA- (oFROZE OUR BERI CORRESPONDT.) BER=IN, M3ARcH 9. Your readers will doubtless not have forgotten my reporting some time back a very remarkable letter of admonition, issued by the Grand Duke Constantine, asHighAdmiral, to the various officials connected with the administration of the Marine, -in which the necessity of sincerity and a love of truth in their connexions with the Government vwere inculcated. Some further particulars will doubtless be interesting. The letter is addressed to ViceAdmiral von Wrangel, and is dated November 25 (December 7), 1855. After alluding to the circumstances of difficulty in which Russia found herself at the time, and pointing out the causes that had led to them, the Grand Duke proceeds - " The immense variety of forms with us paralyses the elasticity of administrative action, and serves as a cloak of impunity for the official lie so common with us. Cast a glance at tho annual reports and accounts, and you will find that everywhere the greatest possible amount of work has been executed, in every direction progress has been made, everywhere have the prescribed works advanced, if not with excessive haste, yet at least in due relatioi to the exigencies of the case. "' But when you come to look closer at the actual state of things, to examine into them, to divest them of all false calouring, to separate what really is from what only appearsto be, to distinguish thetrue from the false, or the only half true, and there will seldom any positive and beneficial result be left. On the surface speCousness ; beneath it, corruption. Among the products of our official phraseology the truth finds no place; it is concealed and stiffed under the diction, and where is the official reader that knows how to extract it! "' I beg your Excellency to communicate these truthfuI words to ll the bureaux and all the cmployfs of the Minis try of Marine, from whom we have to expect at the begin. ning of the new year their annual reports of what has taken place in the past, and repeat to them that in the aforesaid seportsI do not look forencomiums but the truth, and abova all, a frank statement that goes to the pith of the matter, both as regards what may be inadequate in any branch of the administration, and of the errors that may have been committed in it. Tell them further, that all the reports in which I shall have to read between the lines*I shall moscertainly return. I request your Excellency to communicate copies of this letter to all the bureaux and afore-men. tioned cmployes. "CONSTANTIN, High AdmiraL" It would seem as if I could hardly indito a letter, to you containing Russian news without citing, as a prominent feature of it, the opening of some new road or canal; however trivial the announcement may sound to your readers, it is evident from the terms in which these developments of traffic are spoken of in the Russian press, that they are looked on there as vital matters. Thus, for instance, it is mentioned, with tho greatest satisfaction, in the journals of the latest dates, that a regular communication has at length been established by dXgetce between Kherson, Nicholaieff, and Odessa: it is further stated that, it being known how much the Ernip-or has set his heart on increasing the facilities of traffic, the Go. vernment is really doing the very utmost that is possible in the mnatter. The Northern Bee expatiates upon the advantages tha' would accrue to Odessa by its ceasing to be a free port, seeing that as such it only brings advantage to foreign commerce. As this privilege of being a free port is only conferred for three years at a time, it is not impossible that there may be some intention of withholding it in future in connexion with the various changes about to be introduced into the commercial relations of the port 3 of the Black Sea. That most liberal ?niilioZnaire, the Staatsrath Jakowleff, the proprietor of the Werch-Isetz minng and smelting works, who on a former occasion supplied 1,000,000 silver roubles to make up for the de- falcations and peculations committed in the funds o. the Inialiden, has just signalized himself again by a patriotic gift of 4,000,000 lb. of gun metal for tha purposes of the army and fleet. A letter, dated St. Petersburg, Feb. 29, from the well-informed correspondent of the National Zeitung, mentions very distinctly and positively that the Russian Embany in Teheran has done nothing what. ever to-impel Persia to renounce its neutrality as towards Turkey; on the contrary, the instructions to the Rusuan Miniter sre to encourage the Persian Government in no way to ftinch before the enctoachments made by Dost Mahomed. Persia is desired by the Russian Government to be neutral towards the West, but to put on a bold aspect in the protection of its rights towards the East. The journal of the Ministry of the Interior contains the official report of the last fair at Nijnegorod. It appears from it that on this occasion business was done only for ready money. Two articles had greatly increased m extent and importance, indigo and the flockwool (cotton wool ?), which was formerly imported from America byway of England. It is now obtained from Bokhara and Persia. The supplies of foreign imported articles had much decreased, those of inland goods had much increased. Tea, which was formerly to be had in such large quantities. was this fair very sparingly offered and immeediately bought up. The cotton fabrics of Russia have at this fair met with an unexpected field for sales. Tho inhabitants of the Transcaucasian provinces, that formerly purchased their supplies from Turkish merchants, have been obliged now to look to Nijnegorod for cotton goods, and a number of Jewish dealers from those parts had bought very freely. All iron wares had gone up very much in price, in consequence of the foundries of Jakowleff and of Demidoff being so fully ocu. pied with orders for rails. These two foundries seem to be the only works in Russia that can turn out rails in any quantity, and they are reaping a pretty harvest inprices justthree times ashighasthey are in England. Copper and all metals, and also all cereals, were in good demand. Specie, particularly silver money, was very scarce, Russian as well as foreign. The sales at this fair are stated to have amounted to 63,787,795 roubles, being 4,609,615 roubles more than in the previous year. It is reported that Prince Peter of Oldenburg is appointed Stattholder of the Baltic provinces, in the place of Count Suwarroff, hitherto Governor of IAefland, Esthliand, and Courland. A Teheran newspaper that is said to have reached St. Petersburg on the 28th of February is stated to contain the intelligence, that the Shah of Persia is makiing military preparations to repel any attack of an English squadron on the coasts of his kidgdom, and that troops are already on the march towards the provinces on the Persian Gulf and the lower course of the Euphrates. According to the Caucasus, all the Turkish prisoners, consisting of 14 superior officers and 800 privates, left Tiflis on February 4, under the escort of Sub-Lieutenant Chomitzld, with a detachment of the Tenga Regiment of Infantry; their route was taken for Novo-Tscherkaslk. General Williams had at that date recovered from his illness, and was preparing to set out for Russia. The Invalide Ru-ase publishes the following:- "The Plenipotentiaries of the belligerent Powers have agreed at Paris that the Commanders-in-Chief of the Russian and hostile armies shall sign an armistice which will cease upon the l9th (31st) of March, if befere that timne it has not been renewed by common consent. This armistice sill not have any influence upon the blockade of our coast already established or to be established; but the commanders of the naval forces of the enemy will receive orders not to undertake, as long as it lasts, any act of hostility against our coast. |" To-day Aide-de-camp General Luders has sent a tolegraphic message, stating that, conformably to the abovementioned stipulation, the Commissioners of the belligerent parties in the Crimea had a first interview on the Tchernaya on the 17th (29th) February, near the stone bridge, and agreed upon a suspension of hostilities; consequently, the necessary orders have already been given to our army, as also to that of the enemy." JANOVER. A letter from Ianover, of the 7th, says " The opening of the Ianoverian Chambers is officially announced for the 3d of April. The Government is aciively engaged in devising arrangements for putting the institutions of the country in harmony with the new Constitution. A Royal ordinance relative to the reorganization of the Council of State has just been published. That body vill retain the same attributions that it has exercised since 1819 as regards giving its advice on the important affairs of the Government, and will, in addition, have to decide in cases of dispute between the judicial and administrative authorities. It willno longer be presided over by the head of the Cabinet. The King will namne its President, and will himself direct its discussions when he thinks proper, on which occasion all the sections will assemble together. The statement made by the German journals that some of the Hanoverian Ministers had resigned is unfounded. Crosses of the Order of the Guelph had just been sent to Count de Cavour and the Marquis de Villa Marina, on the occasion of the accession of Ilanover to the treaty of commerce con. eluded between Sardinia and the Zollverein." SARDINIA. (RO oUrs OwR OWN osrosDmeT.) TURIN, rARCI 7. Yesterday the first regiment of the Anglo-Italian Legion, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Sic Coutts Lindsay, arrived at Genoa for embarcation. The perfect order and discipline with which this operation was conducted astonished and delighted alt who witnessed it, and the cheerfulness with which the men went on board proves that all attempts to seduce them from their duty have completely failed. The regiment had been mustered at Chiavasso at 2 a.m.,. when of course it was quite dark, and any man who wished it might easily have slipped away; but not only was there not a man absent, but the sick in hospital were so afraid of being left behind that they wanted to be allowed to join their comrades in the ranks. At 4 a.m. the special train conveying the regiment left Chiavasao, and, passing by Novara and Alessandria, arrived at St. Pierdarena between 2 and 3 in the afternoon: then the Regiment left the carriages and marched to the Lighthouse Mole of Genoa Harbouir- where the Great-Britain lay ready to receive it. Asthe regiment -was drawn up in line opposite the ship everybody, Piedniontese and English, was struck with its fine soldierlike appearance: the men were dressed in their great coats, with cross belts and knapsacks over, and each man carried in addition, a blanket and his share of a " Tente d'abri." The work of embarcation was effected in about an hour by the aid of large barges, or rather of one large (which held 300 or 400 men) and several smaller, carrying nearly 100 each, so that by 5 o'clock they had all deposited their arms and accoutrements, and commenced studying the novelties of their temporary lodging. Nothing could have been more satisfactory or more successful than the manner in which the embarcation took place, and the quiet, sober demeanour of this Regiment on this occasion might serve as an example to English or even Sardinian troops under similar circumstances. It must have been highly gratifying to all who have been employed in the formation of the Legion to see their labours produce such good fruit, and Sir James Hudson, Colonel Read, and all the Staff of the Legion were present, but, unfortunately, the person to whom most credit is due for the admirable discipaine of the Lst Regiment was unable to enjoy this satisfaction, being confined to a sick room at Novara. I allude to Major Pinelli, late of the Sardinian army, whese merits as having organized this regiment are acknowledged by every man in the Legion, and -by none more frankly than by the present Lieutenant-Colonel of the Ist Regiment. In consequence of- illness it was necessary to remove-him from the regiment going on service, but instead of receiving promotion for his indefatigable zeal while his health lasted, he has had younger and, certainly as regards Italian troops, far less experienced men promoted over him, which has excited much criticism among officers who have not been long enough in the English service to understand the system of advancement. It is alrnost unnecessary to add that every-possible disposition. for the comfort of the troops was made * ~ This phraso impliec the neoeiity of inferring the trath from what is not written rather than of learning it from what in. by Captain 'Gray aud hii officers on board the Great Britain. .The Great Britain wax to take back- as much water as posible, and consequently every tank was filled, and in addition ale took on board some 30 or 40 oxen (in preference to toving a small vefsel laden 'with them as she had been ordered to do), so that altogether, with upwards of 1,000passengers, she wasprettydeepinthe water; but ahesailed this morning at 9 a.m. with a fair wind and a smrooth sea, towering over everything as she left the port, and in less than two hours was out of sight. ELECTRIC TFLGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM ODR OWNx COrBSPOi DS.) SOUTHAMPTON, TUESDAY MO1u0 G. Arrived.-Wonder, stemer, from Jersey; LA Poule, from Cherbourg; FAi2abeth, from CardifW Sailed.-Despatch, steamer, forJersey; Express, steamer, for IHazre. LIVERFOOI., TUzSDAYMoRNING. I wina S. Arrived.-Stetson, from New Orleans; Perseveranoe, from Charleston. Sailed.-Conquest, for Halifax. QUBEESTOWN], Xcr 9. Arived.-Norman Morison, from Manilla; Bella Portena, from MAzagan; Maria from Christiansands. (BY SUBAXRXE A2ND BERITSH TELEGRAPH.) GRAVESEND, TuEsDAY, 10.5 &Ai Wind B., tide isix houre ebb, cloudy. Arived, Mrch 10.-Victory, from Hamburg. Arived, March IL-Geo. Sverden, from Bergen; Osprey and Waterwitch, from St. Mlchael's; Pearl and Urania, from Antwerp; Jantins, from Groningen; Helene, from GreetsieL D DAL, TUE,DAY, 10 A.. Wind E.S.E., moderata. Anchored.-Archer, from Calcutta, for London-107 day passage. Passed.-Merse, from China, for London; Melancthon, fromn Newcastle, for Aden; Vice-Admiral Lucas, from London. for Constantinople. Ser Astra de Astra, from ILondon, for Batavia, has been supplied here with anchor and part of chain cable to r.. place others lost. STOCK EXCAIGE. TUESDAY MoRsuinG, U1 o'CLwOC. Consols for Money ... ... 91+ Consols for Aocount (April 10) 92 to 92k Conheue Scrip ... ... ... II to 1: pmn. Exchlequer Scrip ... .... ... ... ij to 1tg pm.
I THE ARMY IN THE CIABEA. GENIMAL ORDEP-S. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 23. No. L The Queen his been graciously pleased togiVe orders for the appointment of the following officers of Her Majesty's Forces to be ordinary members of the Military Divisions of the Secon and Third Classes of the Most HonOrder of the Bath, respectively, 'iz. :-Second Class or Knights Commanders-Sir George Madean, Commissary-General; Dr. John Hall, Inspector-General of Hospitas. Third Class or Companions.-Colonel Charles Trollope, 62d Regiment; Colonel John St. George, Royal ArtiUery; Lieutenant-Colonel A, St. G. Stepney, Cold. stream Guards; Lieutenant-Colonel W. W. Tumer, unattached; Lieutenant-Colonel George Bent, Royal Engi. neers; Lieutenant-Colonel E. F. Bourchier, Royal Engi. neers; Major H. F. Strange, Royal Artillery; Major H. C. C. Owen, Royal Engineers; Major T. F. M. Brown, Royal Engineers; Dr. David Dumnbrec-, Deputy-Inspector-General of Hospitals; Dr. William Linton, Deputy-Inspector. General of Hospitals; Dr. John Forrest, Deputy-Inspector. General of..Hospitals; Mr. Thomas Alexander, Deputy-lu. spector-General of Hospitals; Mr. John R. Taylor, Deputy. Inspector-General of Hospitals; Dr.Archibald Gordon, Deputy-Inspector-Generalof Hospitals; Mr. James Monat, Staff Surgeon, 1st Class; Mr. George Adams, Deputy-Comtmis. sary-General; Mr. T. W. Smith, Deputy-Commissary. General; MIr. W. H. Drake, Deputy-Commissary-General. No. 2. The Field-Mrshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Major Lord G. Beauclerl 10th Hussars, to the 14th of March; on medical certificates to Major Connolly, unattached, Deputy-Assistant-Quarternaster. General, to the 14th of March, and Captain Esmonde, 18th Regiment, to the 26th of Febraary; and on private affairs to Captain Williamson, 30th Regiment, to the 14th of March; Captain Portal, 4th Dragoons, to the 31st of March; and lieutenant Barl of Carrick, Grenadier Guards to the 10th of March. No. 3. At a general court-martial, held at camp near Sebastopol on the 1st day of February, in pursuance of an order of General Sir W. Colrington, EC.CB., commanding the forces, dated the 30th of January, No. 3,577, Private George Day, 77th Regiment, was tried upon the following charge --"For having, at camp near Sebastopol, on or about the 26th day of January, feloniously, wilfully, and of mnalice aforethought, killed and murdered Gnnner Thomas Kirkby, of the Royal Artillery, a patient in the hospital of the 77th Regiment, under treatmont for a severe wound," of which charge the Court found the prisoner " Guilty." Sentence.-The Court, having found the prisoner guilty of the charge preferred against him, and having received evidence of a previous conviction, and of his general bad character, does ncow adjudge him, the prisoner, No. 3,577, Private George Day, of the 77th Regiment, to suffer death, by being-hanged, at such time and place as the Commander of the Forces may appoint. Signed at camp, near Sebastopol, this Ist day of Febrau ary 1856. W. G. ROMAINE, Deputy-Judge-Advocate. A. FOLEY, Colonel Grenadier Guards, EPresident. Remarks,-It is with deep regret that I have read the proceedings of this Court and the story of the horrible crime of which the prisoner has been found guilty. It appears, by the clearest evidence, that the prisoner deliberately and in cold blood murdered a soldier of the Royal Artillerywho had been taken into the hospital of his regiment, andwas in bed disabled andhelpless from a severe wound. The Court has done its dutyinfnding the prisoner guilty of this crime. ISince the British army embarked, in the s4ring of 1854, the punishment of death has only been 6nce awarded, and in that case it was not deemed necewary to have it carried into effect; but I cannot permit the prisonerto.escape from the disgraceful death to which,his crime has so justly brought him. I therefore approve and confirm the sentence of the Court. It wll be carried into effect in front of the division at such time as I shall further appoint. W. J. CODEINGTON, General Comm anding. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 2. The sentence of the Court will be carried into effect on the morning of Saturday, the 23d of February, at 7 a.m. WV. J. CODRINGTON, General Commanding. Sebastopol, Feb. 20. No. 4. The general court-martial of which the Hon. A. Foley, Grenadier Guards, is president is dissolved. NX. 5. The following promotion is published :-Medical Staff-Purveyor David Fitzgrad to be DepuLty Plurveyorin-Chief. Dated Oct. 31, 1855. No. 6. Civil Surgeon Dr. Archer, having tendered the resignation of his appointment, is permitted to return to England. No. 7. leave of absence is granted to Captain Lane, 50th Regiment, to the 15th of April ; on medical certificate, to stant-Surgeon Dumbreck, lst battalion 1st Regiment, t3 the 25th of ach, toproceed to Scutari. By order, C. A, W[DHAl, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 24. No. L The proceedings of a court of inquiry on the conduct of Quartermaster Rodgers, of the 2d battalion of the Rifle Brigade, havg been laid before the Commander of the Forces. Mr. Rodgers was a non-commissioned officer of high character, and was promoted to Regimental Quartermaster as the fair reward of his good conduct, but he has shown forgetfulness of that chaacter in being found intoxicated in the camp. This cannot be passed by withont a courtmartial or public censure. The Commander of the Forceis takes the more lenient course from the former good conduct of Mr. Rodgers, and in hope that the certain rain which he is permitted to escape may induce him never to forget in future what is dueto himself and the high character of the regiment to which he belongs. No. 2, The following appointmentg to the Land Transport Corps ara made until Her Majesty's pleasure is known :-Cornet T. Brigg 5th battalion Land Transport Corps, to be Adjutant of that battalion; to be Cornet and Adjutant, Staff-Sergeant-MajorA. Baird; to be Quar. termaters, AsKistant-Commisariat Storekeepers Daniel Del con and Huddleston and Comet .ackwood, Ind Transport Corps. No. 3. The following officers have joined the staff of this anny :-REv. A. Besker, at Scutari, from Feb. 11, 185; MVedicll Clerk Tessier, ScUtali, Feb. 10, 1856. Medical Btaf-,First-class Star-Surgeon O' Dell, at S,ctari, Feb. 10 Purveyors2-Clerk A. Wolaston, at Scutari, from Feb. 11 Second-class Staff-Surgeon WiLUamson, at .cutari, front Fe'b. 14. No. 4. The Rev. Mr. Hort, Chayain to the Forces, wilm take charge of the Left Wing of the Land Trausport Corps, in addition to the batteries of the Royal Artillery, near No. 5. The eatablishmentfor the depMt of the land TransPort Corps at Dardaneles anc Sinope are fixed as follows :-1ne General Superintendent, at 25s, a-day and forage for two horses; one First-Asistant, at l5a. a-day andforage for two horses; two Second-Assistants, at lOs, a-day and forage for two horses; two Sub-Superintendents, 5. and rations; one Clerk to General Superintendent, 7s. 6d., Is. 6d. a-day allowance for servants, and rations; oone native Biabaehi, 5R. and rations No. 6. With reference to General Order No. l, of the 9h iust., the pay of the undermentionedc interpreters is in. creased as follows Second-ClaI, Constantine Mavromatty lo;s a-day; Second-Class, H. lamnmut,10s. a-day-from the lIt of February; Third-Class, A. Haralampides, 5s. 6d. a-day; Third-Class, Mohammed Fair, 5s. 6d. a-day-fromn the Ist of February. No. 7. Lieutenant Shaw, 21stIegiment, having acted as Quartermaster of his regiment, may draw field a3lowano and forage accordingly from the 1st of January. No. & Quartermaster-Sergeant Tooner, 30th Regiment Iving acted as Quartermaster of his regiment, may draw the usnLal allowances accordingly from the 7th of November, 1855. No. 9. Lieutenant G. Prevost, 23d Regiment, having acted as Adjutant of his regiment, may draw the niual allowances accordingly from the 9th of September to the 8th of October, 1855. No. 10. The following officers. beiDng in command o troops or conmpanies, may draw field allowance and forage ae cavtains:-Lieutenant Cobliam, 44th Regiment, from the 16-th of Febrmary; Lieutenant Mann, 13thLight Dragoons, from the 10th of February. No. ll. Leave of absence is granted to Captain Baron; 4th Dragoon Guards; Lieutenant White, 12th Lancers, to the 31st of Narch; ieutenant Dettmar, 7th Dragoon Guards; and until his retirement from the service to Cap. tain Giveen, 10th Hussa-to proceed to England. Olt arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-General. Captain J. Macleod, 42d Regiment; Lieutenant W. Baird, I Regiment; Paymaster J. Hay, 21 Begiment-to the 15th of March. By order, C. A. VWINDHAMiJ, Chief of the Sta. " Hesd-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 25. "No. L The Commanderof theForces congratulateg the army on the appearance of a largo pDrtion of its infantry yegterday. :' The winter is hardly past, yet the efficiency and good healthofthemenwereapparenttoial. This result is dueo to the exertions of the general and regimental officers, i o the attention, obedience, and discipline of the non-commis. sioned oficers and soldiers, and must be as gratifying to them as the Commander of the Forces is sure it must be to their country. "This order will be read to the troops. "No. 2. The notice of the Coimnander of the Forces hag bEe n brought to the publication in a newspaper, by a cor. respondent at Kertch. of minute details of lines and works, strength of garrisons, and various military arrangementsall, however old and incorrect they may be, published for our enemies, under the supposition that such things ara necessary for the interest or amusement of the people of England. . "The people of Englandhavemore common sense. They do not want to see the interests of the axmy betrayed by the thoughtless activity of a correspondent, or by the wish of any one else to see himzelf in print. "The Commander of the Forces has referred General Vivian to the details published from the district he commands. He authorizes him to arrest the individual and send him away at once, unless he has reason to believe that such folly vwll not be repeated. "The Comnmander of the Forces has occasionaly aeen similar things from this camp. Strength of regiments, sickness, batteries. guns, quantity of ammunition, the state of preparation, means of transport, the very situation of concealed batteries, the strength of pickets, the best means of attackdng them, anl recllessly detailed as if on purpose to instructan enemy. "' Common precaution for the sake of the army require5 that this should cease. " The Commander of the Forces appeals to the right sense of duty in the offices, non-commissioned officers, andprivates of this army. He is sure that to them the appeal will not be in Tain. It is our pride as English3men to feel that we may write everything to our friends. It need not be that wa should publish everything about our strength or our weakness, of ditches and gans, of resources and disadvantages; for to print all such things is simply to make or enemy wise by our own folly. Tne Commander of the Forces trusts, therefore, that private friends in England wilmiitate the caution he asks in camp. "'lThere are also known corresmondens of newspapers, not belonging to the army, permitted by passport to reside in several of the camps here. Generals of Division will, by means of their Assistant-Adjutant-General, bring the tenour of this order to their notice; for a comrse dictatel by common feelings of patriotism must be followed by alls who, being under the protection of the army, are equally liable to the observances necessary for its safety. " No. 3. The following a.ppointments are made, -ntil Her Majestys pleasure is known:- "Acting Quartermaster-Sergeant W. Cooke, Grenadier Guards, to act as Adjutant of the 7th Regiment. "Quartermaster-Sergeant J. Dwyer, 46th Regiment, to act as Adjntant of his regiment, vice Lieutenant Cross, who resigns the Adjutancy. " No. 4. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommenda. tion of a medical board, to Lieutenant G. H. Waller, 7th Regiment, and, until his retirement from the service, to Captin Arnt, 47th Begiment, to proceed to England. On arrval they will report themselves to the Adjutant-General. " By order -'C. A. WINDHA,, Chief of the Staff;"
XFORBIGN -TY.T.S&UGENCE. - FRANCE. tiL portitn tIf the fo1owing appeared i- ginr second ediilof yes.tdx :-l V:ROX OURO WN Cota oEsP.N-rNrT PARIS, SUNDAY, M,Ai'vH 9, 6 P.3 I reported in my letter of Friday the improvement that had taken place in the protgress of the conferences, and that the result of tlie sittings of Tuesday and Thursday was far iiove satisfactory tlan any during the previous week. Such was tha opinion entertained in quarters t}sat ought to be well iformed, and which was also exprc& ed by those who clesire that peace should be the conclusion of the negotiations as well as by those to wh,-om a different isue would be more acceptable. A nmilitary man o' the highest rank-, happening to find hunmself near Count Orlof at one of the many cuiiiivial gatherings that have taken place since the commnencement of the conferences, two da3s &ago, kxpressed the hope that the Russian Pleniipotetltiary and his compeersc had gone through a good deal of business the previous day. The leply was in the afflrmative; and it wvas added tbat matters looked so wfell at that moment as to justify the expectation that at the next meeting they would attain a complete and satisfactory termination. The next meeting to which the Russian Plenipoteniary referred was that of yesterday, but I much doubt whither his hopes were realized sO entirty as he anticipated. Indeed, it was afirncd last night that the ineeting of yesterday had not proved sO decidedly satisfactory as the two previous ones, and certainly not so complete as was piedicted. ALxious as I iam to inforn you of the particuilar top es on which a difference of opinion was perceptible, or to relate the incidents which marked the d'scus sion, S frankly jadmit that it is out of my poweto do so on any authority which would give weight to my words. The only thiDg which I can say is, that yesterday was less satisfactcry than the previous days of the week which has just expired. I might, to be sure, say that the auestion of the Christian populations in the Ottoman empire, the new institutions proposed to be given to the Danubian Principalities, the demands of England with reference to Asia, and some other interesting, but perhaps secondary questions, have somewhat interfered with the even flow of the discussion which characterized the first two sittings; but, in this case, I should only repeat either the co dits of the Paris salons, or echo the opinions of persons who are not better acquainted with the subject than the generality of the public, and who may have reasons of their own for circulating particular versions of what passes. I think, however, I may very safely inform you that, on the whole, the state of the negotiations has not materially varied from the commencement to the present moment. The chances in favour of a pacific aolution have in no wise diminished, nor have those of a contrarynature increased. I am also enabled to add that henceforth matters will go on more speedily than was at first supposed, and that very probab)y towaids the close of the present weeks we shall be able to form arreasonable opinion as to the definitive result. It is a part of the policy of the Russians to speak of peace as being certainly the issue of the conferences, and the object evidently is to raise expectation so high as to render any other conclusion difficult. Indeed, as it is, the public can hardly think of any other; and of the many persons with whom one converses on this all-engrossing topic there are few indeed who do not confidently expect that a treaty of peace will speedily terminate the labours of the Congress. As to the Emperor of the French himself, it is easy to understand how pleased he would feel if the interesting event of the Empress's accouchment should De preceded by the announcement of peace. Mis Majesty is naturally sensitive on every question relating to his dynasty, and he would feel keenly any symiptom of coldness at the tidings of the birth of a Prince. All the signs of excternal rejoicing that cotld be imagined would be no compensation; and he may apprehend that an event on which he sets so much importance as the birth of a heir might be received with indifference while uncertainty still hung over the resut of the conferences. That the proclamation of a treaty of peace should immediately precede, or be concurrent wFith, the ether announcement, would be a triumnph indeed; but it is equally for the interest of E;ngland and France that this state of uncertainty should be put an end to, and the wish of this Government to do so is shared, as Ihave reason to believe, by its allies. At all events, I have the best authority for stating that the progress of the negotiations will, from this day forward, be more rapid than was at first supposed, and it may therefore be fairly inferred that some important questions have already been decided. In the meantime the Plenipotentiaries appear in every society where they are invited, and Count Orloir continues to be, I will not say the admired of all admirers, but certainly the observed of all observers. The moment he makes his appearance in a salon he is sure to be the centre of a numerous group of both sexes, who scan every feature and watch every expression of his countenance. Commanding in person, he stands without flinching the artillery of the many eyes, many of them brilliant ones, that are pointed at him, and so watchful is the curiosity of the beholders that many of the reports one finds floating the following day may be traced to inferences hastily formed after such a scrtiny. The hero of the moment, whose name awakes associations of so peculiar a kind, bears him. self well through the ordeal. His high forehead, from whichthe iron-gray hair is only half pushed aside, but not carelessly; the regular and marked features, of which sternness seems to be the most prominent characteristic; the long and thick moustache, and last, not least, the costly diamonds which compose the three stars which decorate his left breast, and which might make the Duke of Brunswick himself grow pale, if anything could produce such an effect, all mark him out as the object of curiosity. He seldom smiles, or, if he does, his smiles, the moment they appear, hide themselves inl the hair of his upper lip, as if ashamed to De seen at play on a countenance cast in so stern a mould. IHe is perfectly easy in his manner, and, whether he spealks to man or woman, is still grimly polite with alL. In a certain salon last night it was observed that he and Count Buol, who always looks m.tussade, were more than once near each other, buf; did not speak. I cannot say whether it occurred by design or not, but I know that they had dined together the same evening with the Minister of War. At the banquet 6O guests were present, comprisin.g all the Ministers, most of the Diplomatic Corps, and many of the high functionaries of the army, and I am not aware that any estrangement was observed then between them. Prince Jerome was attacked on Friday evening with an inflammation of the lungs. The attack was as sudden as it was for some time severe; but, as the merest incident at such a moment is sure to be greatly exaggerated, it was rumoured yesterday that he had an attack of apoplexy, which threatened to be fatal.HEis ilness, however, was of the kind I mention, and four bulletins in the Meniteur of to-day announce a considerable improvement in his condition. He appeared in excellent health on Wednesday night,and received with his accustomed courtesy the numerous persons who attended his weeldy soirgeev The accouchment of the Empress may now be expected from one day to another, and everything is in a state of complete preparation for the event, and indeel has been so for some time. It is certain that thePope is to be godfather of the child, but hi' rumoured visit to Paris on the occasion was never seriouxly intended. His Holiness will be represented by a Cardinal sent expressly for the purpose, and whom it is proposed to receive with the same honoirs as would be paid to Pius IX. were he here in person. It is also equally true that the Queen of Sweden will be the godmother, and will be represented by a special envoy. The following telegraphic despatch has been received:-_ "MARSEILLES, hLARcH 8. "The Alexandre has jus arrived, with accounts from Constantinofle of the 28th ult. An Austrian colonel, the bearer of pros,oitions relative to the Danubian Principalitieq, bad anived in the Turlish capital, on board the frigate Radetzlky. "A filancil Crisis had broken out at Constntinople. The exchange on London had risen to 137; that on Vienna to 520; the French piece of 20f. was worth Ill piaetre,, and the Eniiah pound sterling 140. The Minister of Finance had appealedto the nmercants, and invited them to devise some means of remedying the evil. " The Danube was reopened, and the Lloyd steamers ha rbOeu=tencetheir service on that river. "An order to suipend hostilities hd been forwarded to Oaa E'~b alnd 1li2a P&A Q0 1'ad had am at4a TbJlonde, en his way to Conxtantinople, to give an asocount of his conduct. "The allies were constructing wooden huts on bothbanks of the Bosphorus for their troog eh g neers waere laying out a camp oSi the Asiatic coas. " The Prem? Z'Orient publishes a letter frora Tiflis of the 17th, announcing that 17 Turkdsh C-enerals had been sent to Moscow." PRUSSIA. (i8ox OU 0UR OWN B o .) BERLIN, MfBwic 8. Yesterday's debate in the House of Deputies produlced a declaration of political views (as regards the internal polity of Prussia) on the part of the President of the Ministz, Barn von Manteuffel, which is even more conclusive on the point I have frequently put forward to you-the non-constitutionalism of Prussia-than the speech I reported to youlately as having been delivered by a Commissary of the Government on the subject of oficial interference in the working of the elections. On the present occasion the subject was of a different kind. In connexion with the high prices and the apprehelsions of dearth that exiated here last year the Government had of its own power withdrawn from the distillers the advantage of a drawback on the export of spirits. The object was to put the screw upon distillation, and thus prevent the consumption of grain and potatoes at a timne when the population was in want of those articles of food, and neither the motives nor the working of the measure were on this occasion attacked; the amount, however, that is usually spent in drawbacks by the Government had been passed as an item in the budget, and any measure restricting 'this amount was equivalent to laying on a new tax or withholding a benefit already conceded by legislation. Count Schwerin endeavoured, by introducing a motion to this effect, to get the House to pronounce that the Government had acted contrary to the spirit of the constitution in arbitrarily issuing enactments in a money question without applying to the House subsequent'ly for an a post facto consent, or, in other words, a bill of indemnification on a small scale. This whole postulate stood necessarily in close connexion with the development of constitutional ideas, and an endeavour to procure their application in Prussia, a result of any success in -which would just now be particularly inconvenient to the "'powers that be," seeing that the Ministry has of late been several times in the minority. On the present occasion Baron von Manteuffel answered Count Schwerin's speech by saying that the member who had spoken before him (Schwerin) had found pleasure in dwelling on the dilference that exists between his own views and his (Manteuffeers) I do not imagine that he can respect the oath he has taken to the constitution more sacredly than I do mine . and, little as I am fond of widening differences, anxious as I am, on the contrary, always to promote union, I mnst, nevertheless, admit the existence of this difference between us to its full extent. According to his view of things, the person of the sing vanishes entirely; according to him, it is requisite that each Ministry for the time being shall put forward a distinct programme that shal be open to all attacks, and possibly to destraction. Then the 'Ministry is to retire, and another to come in its place, soon to move off again in the same way. We, too, have a programme, and it is-We are the servants of His gajesty the king! That is a programme which is fitting and becoming for Prussia !" Anybody who chooses after this to call the form of government in Prussia a constitutional monarchy must be reckoned among the wilfully ignorant; the actlal polity of Prussia at the present moment is the same as it was in 1846, when the King first summoned a General Diet of the Kingdom to meet in Berlin. He then declared he would "never permit a written document (charter) to come between him and his people." The riots of 1848 and their consequences compelled him to accept a charter, which has been a good many times revised and sworn to since then, and presents now a fine subject for a " dissolving view." Some time back a number of Silesian nobility and | gentry got up an address to the Em1peror Alexander, in which they excpressed their admiration and gratitude to him for the pacific sentiments he had evidenced. The address was forwarded to the Emperor by the Russian Minister here, and through the same channel the Emperor has sent an answer to it. A copy of this answer, together with a fac-simile of the Imperial sign manual, has been forwarded to each person who Signed the address. It was as follows "I thank you, gentlemen, for the sentiments and kind wishes that you express to-me in your address, not only in your own name, but in that of all Prussians in whose hearts the Christian and pacific spirit of their Royal Master is dear and sacred. 1, too, desire the speedy restoration and the permanent assurance of peace, and trust that the God of Grace will hear the prayers that I and others who thisk and feel with me put up to Him. I beg all of you, gentlemen, whose honoured names I have with sincere pleasure read at. the foot of the address, to receive the assurancelof my specal. esteem. "St. Petersburg, Feb. 4, 1856." Count Miinster, the military representative of this country at the Court of St. Petersburg, is stated to be about to return shortlyto his post, from which it was known that he had every intention of retiring when he arrived here on leave at the begimag of thewinter. Among the various reasons assigneda for his intended relinquishment of his post, I mentioned at the time as the most probable that the Countwasanxious for militaryemployment at home, as being more agreeable to him than a continued residence in the expensive capital of Russia. Such appears realy to have been the case, and the only difflculty in the way of his wisheshas been that of his not being old enough in the service to take the command of a regiment or of a fortress. Count Chreptowitsch, the present representative of Russia at Brussels, is spoken of as the future Minister of Russia at Paris after the conclusion of peace. M. de Kisseleff will, as is generally understood, proceed to Rome, and it seems equally certain that Baron Brunow will not return to London. The Russian Government has the intention of establishing journals, as organs of its views, in various capitals of Europe, or of purchashing journals already estalished.4 Le Nord is said to fulfil in a very small degree the expectations and intentions of its founders. The despatches of which Counts Schuwaloff and Lewaschoff, who passed through here on their way i to Paris last Wednesday, are the bearers are stated to have reference to the frontier question now agitated at the Paris Conferences, but whether the Bessarabian or the Asiatic is not said. It is hinted, also, that Count Schuwaloff is intrusted with a private mission at the French Court, in direct connexion with the dynastic interests and wishes of the present Emperor; the intimation that the Count is to proceed further on a mission to London is con-. sidered less probable. A letter from Smyrna of the 27th of February states that the Imperial Hat-Humayoun of the 18th of that month, authorizing the introduction of the new reforms, was publicly read on the 23d; for this purpose Suleiman Pasha had assembled thei dragomans of the different Consulates, the Greek and Annenian Archbishops, the Ohief Rabbi, andl a0l the members of the Medulis who are subjects of the Porte, and all the superior Turkish officials. After the Hat had been read the Greek Archbishon expressed the thanks of the Church to the Padishah. and added that henceforth all the believers of his Church would look upon all Turks as brethren. The Pasha hereupon intimated to the Greek and Amenian members of the Medjilis that they were for the future entitled to ride to the Konak on horseback, and to bring their own pipes with them to the sittings of the Court. There was no particular ceremonial observed on the occasion. What the effect of the publication of the Hat was on the Mlus. sulman population had not been visible; that produced on the Rayahs, on the contrary, was very marked. The Greek and Armenian Archbishops united their congregations 'and celebrated in the Greek church a Te Deunm, at which the Armenian Archbishop was present, ancd then another in the Armenian church, which the Greek Archbi,shop joined in. Within a very few days the Greeks resident in Smyrna had formed a committee to realize as soon as possible their newlyacquired rights of free education. Very speedily there are to be a boyse and a girls' school esta blished. Such ample funds had been subscribed for thispurposethatthecomrnittee had been justified in selecting the largest, although the dearest, vacant ite inSmyrna ; teachers of both sexes it was decidei should be procured fromn Protestant Germany. In Bournabat the foundation was laid for a new Christian church on the 26th of February probab'y the frst church that wil have been founAed subsequently to the puiblication of the Hat. The whole edifice is to be erected by Mr. Witball for the Protestants resident at B6urnabat. Mr.Withall,--with his family and friends,' among whom was the Prussian Conul,wa prset at the oecrmony.
- - ----------------- AfONRY-MARKATaridUITYXNrBLmG.o,y,g I m. MiondAy zven!ng The i:ngliim fcnds3 opened this morning at a reaction of an eighth from the prices of Saturday, but soon began' to experience an improvement, i which was well maintained until after reg-lar hours, when there was a tendency to flatness. Consols for money were first quoted 911 to A~, whence, under the influence of a succession of large purchases, they advanced to 914, which was the last official quotation, while for the% account they reached 923 to i. Subsequently, how.ever, bargains were catered into at 91j to i for money and 92 to i for the account. The paciic character of the intelligence from Paris was assigned as the reason for the purchases in the morning, and the ultimate loss of firmness was attributable to a decline on the Bourse. Of Consol Scrip the last official price was 14 to 4- premium; Indiabonds left off At 6s. to Ss. discount; Exchequerbonds, 98 to * ; and Exchequer-bills (March), 2s. discount topar; (June), Is. discount to Is. premium. Thedemand foi moneyin the Stock--Exchange was extremely heavy, and the rate on Consdls till April is from 6 to 6& percent. At the Bank of England and in the discount-market there was less pressure. Foreign securities have not exhibited any material fluctuation, but quotations on the average continue to be supported. - Ib Turkish Six per Cents. the transactions for money were at 96, and for the account at 96k, 96, and 96i. The Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated at 1004 and 100k. The general operations coimprised-Cuba Seven per Cents. (Matanza and Sabanilla), 101 ; Ecuador, ; Granada New Active, 21i; Mexican, for money, 194; for the account, 2(t and 4; Sardinian Five per Cents., for the account 90k; Spanish Three per Cents., 43; the New beferred for account, 24, 24i, and 244 ; Passive, 64 and I; Venezuela, 29; the Deferred, 13; Dutch Two-and-a-Hala per Cents., 64; and the Four per Cent. Certificates, 95 and 94. In the corn-market this morning there was a recovery of between Is. and 2s. from the fall of Monday last. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 71f. 60c. for money and 72f. 15c. for the end of the month, showing a faU of more than a half per cent. The continental exchanges continue to exhibit a very favourable appearance, and several parcels of gold have been received to-day from Paris, Amsterdam, and other places. The trade advices from the manufacturing towns for the past week continue to denote a steady business and an absence of speculation. At Manchester tne markets have been without change. The Birningham report indicates some uncertainty as to the future movements of the price of iron, althouijh the impression is that a reduction will be avoide i, and that with the favourable termination of the Peace Conferences there will be a general extension of the demand. In the ordinary occupations of the place moderate activity is observable, and the accounts from Australia are satisfactory. A new Binmingham Joint-Stock Bank is proposed, with a capital of 200,0001., and power to establish agencies in all the large towns of England and the Continent. At Nottingham there has been sustained animation, and prices as well as wages are rapidly risinlg. In the woollen districts there has been no alteration; a good amount of employment prevails, and quotations are firm. The Irish linen-markets have been well supported. The weekly reviews from the Amsterdam and Rotterdam produce-markets state that, although business was comparatively inactive, prices were well supported. In sugar and coffee few operations have taken place, and rice has partially declined through the condition of the grain trade. Indigo exhibits firmness, and some parcels have changed hands at rather higher quotations. The letters from Rouen mention that the market for manufactures was steady, but that diminished activity was expected, owing to the approach of the Easter holydays. The Bank of Egypt have appointed MLr. A. St. John Forssinann one of their managers in Egypt. Mr.Forssmann has had extensive experience in mercantile affairs in almost all parts of the Continent, and was strongly recommended by MLr. Weguelin, the Governor of the Bank of England, and a numbert of leading London merchants. The General Screw Stean Company have intimated to their shareholders that the Board of Trade are prepared to recommend the grant of the supplemental7charter requisite to authorize the proposed return of 31. per share of the capital, upon condition of an audit being previously taken, and that immediately upon the completion of this audit the repayment will be effected. A circular has been issued by the manager of the General Screw Company to the shareholders of that undertaking, stating that while the company consider themselves by their present policy precluded from entering into newengagements, such, as would be involved in tendering for the contract now invited for an Australian mail service, several members of the board have determined to make an offer for it. They consider that they have ascertained the best route, and that the voyage to and from Australia direct, without touching at any intermediate port, may be made in a shorter time than has ever yet been accomplished by any line. Should the contract be obtained, it will be proposed to raise a capital of 500,0001. A correspondent has furnished the following useful analysis of the returns recently published in the GazeUe respecting the banking institutions of London:- JOINT-STOCK RAKK_ Of these banks the first six have been admitted into the clearing-house. The following is the number of their branches in London:-London andWestminster Bank, 6 branches; London Joint-Stock Bank, 1; UnionBank of London, 3; Commercial Bank of London, 1; London and County Bank, 4; Royal British Bank, 6; City Bank, 0; Bank of London, 1 ; making a total of 22 branches. Besides the above, the National Bank (recently called the National Bank of Ireland), in Broad-street, and. the London and Eastern Corporation, in Eing Williamstreet, City, and in Westbourne-terrace, carry on business as London bankers. The London private banks are as follows No. of Private Banl, members of the Clearing- No. of Firms. Partners. house .25 101 Ditto, East of Temple-bar, but notmem- oersof theCieanng-ghous 24 58 Ditto, West of Temple-bar . 12 43 TotalPrivate Banks ,. 61 202 The numberof places at which banldng is carried on in London is as follows,- By 6t Private Banks in. 61 p By 10 Joint-Stock Banks in 33 place. Bytb Ban of Englad in 2 places. Totalces ..p . 96 The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have com- i prised five vessels,-one to Port Philip, one to Adelaide, one to Sydney, one to New Zealand, and one to Hobart Town,-with an aggregate capacity of 2,965 tons. The rates of freight exhibit little alteration. The following is from the St. John del Rey Mining Company:- " The directors have received advices by the steamer Tamar, from Brazil, showing the produce for the month of December to be 25,341 oitavas of gold, from 7,300 tons of tonet aised from the mines at Morro Velho, and a profit Of
TBADE REPOBR., Mionday Evening. TALLow.-The marketis rather firmer, a.t57s. onthe spot andtotheend of March,land 51s. 6d. Aprilto June. Annexed are the statistics-of stocks and pnrces:- AxrvAis ro. = WX. With regard to the general state of the trade Mesr. Colchtsters and Woolner remark:-" There has been more busnpe doing in the t.llow-mazket dwring the week for consumption, and prices of all sortg must be quoted higher, vely little remaining in first hands. Speculatively there has been less demand, and pricei have been hardly so well maintained, the market having closed very dull on Saturday, with but little disposition to purchase, -To-day there was less tallow offering for this and next monW, 57& d. being the price for March, and 53s. is freely offered for April ;for the last three months there are buyers at 51s. 6a. W e quote Odessa tallow at 51s. to 54s; Australian beef, at 48s. 9.; sheep, 52s. 6d. to 53s., South American, 5s. towi tallow, 51s. 6d. net cash, and scarce.
I RAILWAY AXD MININGSsHAnEs. Monday Evening. The railway-market was firm at the commencement of business, but less animation was apparent towards the clcose. The shares of the joint-stock banks were heavy, and further sales affected prices. Transactions took place in London and County at quotations rangingfrom3to 33. Bank of London were markedffO to 62, andCity Bank 62 to 64. Australian land and bank shares exjhibitedno re narkable feature. In Canacia Land there were operations at 143 and 140. Crystal Palace left off 20 to 8E. Ban of Egypt were finally quoted lj to ipm. OttomanBank ktatpm.; WesternofLondon,,2 to 1 dis.; Alliance Bank, i to isdu.; and llational Discount Comnpany, sa to dis.
BALWAY IVTELLIGENCE. ABBflGfDON J lUNION- t appears that the wvorkcs ou this line are far advanced towards completion, and it is expected that the line will be opened in the course of a fewr months. The price of coalsin the town, it is supposed, will be reduced to the extent of os. or Gs. per ton, wihen the railwayis open for traffic. XHITE'HAVE: AN-D FUl.ESS. The directors of this company and of the Wlihitehaven Junction Railway Company have appointed 31r. IL Cook, late of the continental department of the South-Eastern Railway Company, general manager of the above lines. * EXETER AND EXOUTZ The second half-vearly meeting of this company was held at Rimouth on Thursday, Mr. J. H. Walker in tlhe chair. The report of the directors, wBich contained nothing of importance, having been read, a discussion ensued as to the necessity of taking immediate steps for commencing the works early in the summer. Arrangements were made, and a committee formed to obtain sulbscriptions, and it is hoped that the undertaldng will be forthwith carried out. VALE OF TOWY. The report of Mr. J. Samuel, the engineer of this line, states that the earthworks for the first 6A. miles out of Llan. dilo may be considered as practically completed, there occurring only three or four gaps, requiring not more in the aggregate than 2,000 to 3,000 cubic yards to fiUl them up. srom 62 milesto8 miles nothing is done. Fxom. S to 9 miles the earthwork may be said to be completed and the post and rail fencing fixed. From 10 miles to Llandovery nothing is done. Of the whole 11 miles there about 8A miiles of which the post and rail fencing is fixed, the earthworks completed, and the side ditching made. Of this length about 3i miles are ballasted 15 inches deep ready for the reception of the permanent w.ay: If no delay take place in the delivery of te permanent way materials, the line will be ready for opening simultaneously with the :Landilo extension of the llane31y Railway, which will bein Mlidsummer. He states that the commercial value of the line wzill be much enhanced by an extension3line to the north so as to communicate with the line at Ianidloes, and 'with this view be has been enabled to selecta3line wtith very good gradiients, and free from wrorks involving any extraordinary oulatiy, and which may be constructed at a cost of 7,000g. per mile. The zeport states that Fir. Hopkins, the engineer of the LI,anidloes and Newtowvn Railvay, now in progress, fully confirms this estimate, and that he and Mrz. Samuel are engaged joint1yiu promoting the proposed undertaking. TRAFFIC HELTUES. hMles Pas- Mer- Tot4 Total Bilwarz. open. nengea.ebadise 1538 1855. Week endng Feb. 25. Sorthem of EEcoe.. .. - .. 9,370.. 23,357.. X2,727 .. 28,g7 Week enclingMarch S. 8Ont-Eatcrn .. .. -.. -.. -.. 14.91 . 13,153 ldond, Brighton. ac South .' Coe..8 .. 7..715 7.n . 3.37B .... 11,093 ... 9.(67
THEg CORYr 2A4DB. I~~~~~~-W MAXK.LAIE. MONhDAY .AYrFxoaY. VATt 1It- Our arrivals of all grain and tour lst week were goot the exports being limited to 920 quarrbes of wheat. The supply of homne-grown wheat was 7,S07quarters, the foreiga (ebiefly from the Mediterranean and Egypt) was 18,701 quarters The show of sanDles from the near oounties thiS morning was below an average, with much improvement *a to conditiom Sales of the best were mde at 2s. per quar advance, foreign meeting with an improved inqui:ry at rates not obtainable last week. The country flour consisted of U,680 saclcs; the foreigm of 240 sacks, with 5,072 barrels from Aaec. The depression of the latter part of last week was recovered on lNorfolk, the top price resting at 47s., town.made 63a, asa Americans as last quoted. The barley arrival was exclusively Englih , and amnontel to 5,601 quarters. The best malting ramples, being more sought, commanded Is. more money, all other qualities ob. tauiing Ast week's rates. The trade in malt was steady, without change of quota. tions. Of oats the supply was chiefly Jrish -Vis,14,945 quarters; with 2,737 quarters of British and 2,671 quarzers from larlingen. There was much more business passing in all sorts at Friday's decline of Gd. per quarter. Egyptian beans were in plenty, there being5,450 quarters, with 756 quarters of English. Peas, entirely of home growtb, were only 525 quarters. No change of prices generally was noted in either of these pulse, but maple peM being in demand for seed, and very scarce, realized extreme prices Of linseed nothing was reoeived or exported. There was a fair demand for feeding, at Is. more money, without any change in cakes. Tares continue plentiful, the further arival being 77m quarters. Sales were made on lower terms. Red-cloverseed sells well at rather more money, white and trefoi being 2s. deaer per cwt. Canaryseed 3a cheaper. HempEeed, rape, and other descriptions much as last quoted. There has been a brisk demn-d for cloverseed during the past week at improving values; and this morning, with a ready sale, red seed was noted Is. to 2s., white seed 2s., and trefoil 2s. to 3g. higher. Eye grasses are scarce, and obtain high rates. - A.countof Com arrived in Ldon fror Maruc 3 to Easr 3. CUHENT PRICE5 OF ERISHT GRAM AND FlOuJ nl XARX.LA-J Wheat-YiandlKeot.hite. 8bMina per ..racter. Wheat--mex&nderit;whtej=w 62 to 70 exm-. to 74t Ditto, red, new 58 -67 --72 Nolrfol, Iucolnfe, Zd !or,kxh red. me.. . . . 60-66 - ler-alting, new 39- 4O Chievalier ......40- 4Z Distiling 34- 3 MLaU- __'lorf indBuffolk 'S- - 0 -76 1;N;=n Waxe, andtown-made .. 68-70 7 Erow hn *...... .. .. .. .. SO-65 ..... --- Eye --46 Potato .. .. .. .. 2.-22 Sootchfeed, w:: .4 Ditto, old .. .. .. .. .. .. 28-29 Iuish feed, wite Ii29-2i c--3 Ditto.iasck .. . .. . '9-21 --2Z BeeD a ns....... .. .. .-)m.n 33-31 Ticks. 32-35 Marrow ........... . . . .. .35 -3S Pign +37 -4! Osay.. *.. .. .. 34-04 Flo3r- To made sackof281b .. 62- t3 Households. town - ..CS Ditto, country....... ... 50-Cl ?'LreiOk a6d ufo4Lk ex sbl1 . . .. POREIG2N GRM Whext-D&ntlle., m3lxed Sl to St lligh iixed -Sext.-to 19 Konigsbeig .. 80-82 - --83 --84 = nocl,ncw.. 75-76 ae --78 --S5 Amerscanc whte 78-60 red --- 67-'4E Pomrera., Meckb., and UckenEk., 3-t - SQ Silela, red -.. 76-78 wbito . .. 8D= r Dnish A; 0olcein 67-W , . . 2-7 Odessa, Et PeterF burg,ig ..Rio 6e8-70 hue .. .. -f 3arley-Grinding 31-35 I)itto, bre .. .... ..d P..ds .. n- outs- ~~~~~~25-28 22- 23 finish andwedis feedl .. .. .... 122- 2 Stmlsund . ...... . . 3 V Beans- eandand Holstein 37-3 Konigsberg .37-36 32-33 reas- Mieng .. }5neboile= ................ .. .. .. .. .. . 42 uInaua Cor^Vhite ....... ....... ,. .N-3- Yello .. . .... . . 3S-42 Fiorr- Bpaniab, Per sack . 56-58 Amecan, sor,.erbre. .. 34-.7C DitSo.aweet.ditto . 36-39
JETRBPOLrTA2 CATE-MARKET, Mara 10. The arrival of cattle and abeepnto the port of London from th continent duri the past week has been verymoderate. The Custombouse return gives an entry of 767 omen, 159 calves, and 53 sheep. making a total of 979 head. The general tone of trade to-day was better tian lat week. The attendanoe of butchezs was fuller, the supplie were not over abud , and the weatber was fsvourable. B niness under these circumtanc became a shade brinker for everyhingst,inprovement in priCea The demand for beef was good, at sates vani3isg from 8d. up to 4s. SL. perstoneof 8 lb., beng a>oren of S2L from last ihdday' fal on middlin, and4& per tone on s uperior gullrties. Of mutton the rapply as moderate, and the sales paroceeded wJ1T at anl implrovementt of 2d per atone on the nest rialities; but inferior meat ws ecenl rather lowver than otherwise. In veal and pork a good buainess was transaceted at stead rr. Oomparative Statement of hioeim and Supply of Cattle at Yar}eK6 _ - This day. 3oaday, March 10. 18Z6.
RO1'-MA..RKET, March 10. The Mar-etremains in evey respect in the same state slast week ; the demand steady but moderate, and the currency umaltered, tha choicest and the lowest priced samples appea:ing at preseut t bethie enostinrequegt It maybe useful to take this opportunity of Etatinot that the inembers of the trade have all bat u imosn-y come to tba deision of dosingtheir officeaon the S turday afteruooDuatlu utlio betwveen t0- 1Z.-, ofMarch Wad the lEt of Septenber.
GL&SwOW, MIcE &.-Cotton.-Our market has been very quiet, and prices, though apparently without reason, have been a little irregular. There has been much activity in goods and yarns during the weeI, and a further advance in price. The advance on coarse yarns is now fronm 10 to2 per cent., andthe rise in goois is folowing, thongh not so quickly. Iron.-In the early part of the closing week there-was a si-ht advance in pig iron, but the movemuent was short-lived, holders showing great willingness to supply the wants of the trade at about 6'3s. cash for ixed numbers. 68s d. was the highest point reached, and the price has since receded to 67s., but closes to-day with a rather better feeling,-norninally, 67s. 6d. cash for warrants; No. 1, g.mb., 68s. 6d. to 69s.; No. 3, 6(;s. 6d.; Gartsberlie, 72s. 6d. IBQU=S owI ER. DuNx.-Yesterday Mr. William Payne, the coroner, held an inquest at the Nottingbam Castle, Angel-street, St. Martin!s-le-Grand, on the body of Mr. 'Wiliam Dunn, lately residing at St3ines, who was found dead in & bath in Bath-street, Neewgate-street. Tber owner of the baths spoke to the circumstances under which Mr. Dunn was found dead in a bath in vhich the water was 131 inches deep. The mouth of the deceased was under ater. Agentleman-who dined with the deceased sbortly before bis death' said that deceased drank with his dinmer and after from)ic to eight glasses of ale. -e had slept tvho best part of the afternoon, and ie showed great dispositior before to drowsiness. When Mr. Meryon roused him Le said there was plenty of t;iue for the train. He wasVery sick. He did not snore or-breathe heatily. Tbe surgeon who made the po morect examination sid the appearances were such as were generally presented after drowmng. Tli. stomach showedcno .?a ne of iritaut poisonl. N ophiat or other sign of suncidl intent was discovered, and the jury returned a verdict f 't,ccidentalDeath."
A'IERICA. . B3y the ^ VERPOOI, mRcu 10. By the rrivaI of the Royal AMil steamer Canada Ne have advices from Boston to the 27th, and fromn New -%'ork, by telegraph, eid Halifax, to the 28th - The Canada brings no tidings of the Pacific. ! The Atlantic and the Asia arrived at New York bln the 24th. The America, hence, arrived at Halifa: on the 29th Iult., and the Etna, from Havre, on the 22d ult. In the United States' Senite; up to the 24th ult., the proceedings were of an nirmnportant character. On the 25th MIr. Mason submitted the resolution, requEtiLgtePrsidet, f nt icomatible with the public interest, to communicate to the Senate eli the correspondence which may have taken place with this Government and that of Great Britain regarding the enlistment of soldiers in the 'United Etates to serve in the British army, accompanied by such evidence and documents as the President may deem proper, to show the connexion of the agents or officers of the British Government with this violation of our laws and national rights. MIr. MIason said the statement of Lord Clarendon in the British Parliament in regard to this matter had recently appeared in the English papers, and unless the American side of the argument were likewise made known the community would be nisled. It was, therefore, important that all the correspondence should at once be made public. '3Mr. Cass not only agreed heartily "-ith every word which Mlr. Mason uttered, but would go further than ' he had. He (Mr. Cass) wouild not hesitate to say he never. saw a statement sRo utterly contrary to fact as that of Lord Clarendon. He showed, from the evidence on the trial of the British agents for violating the neutrality laws, that the complicity of the British Government could not be successfully denied. Mfr. Cass considered that paying the passage of men to Canada, and then enlisting them, was a culpable violation of our neutrality laws. MIr. Crittenden thought the British Government had madAe all the apology that could be expected of it -when it acknowledged its error, declared it unintentional, and promised that it should not again occur. He nnderstood that, as soon as the British Government was apprised of the dissatisfaction of this Government on account of the recruiiting operations, the work was promptly desisted from. This was the highest satisfaction for such an injluy, and no[ftifrthr apology ought to be dlemanded. MIr. Mason said that whatever might have been the statements made across the water no atonement had been offered by the British Govermment for its violation of our neutrality laws. 31r. Hamlin inquired whether Mr. Buchanan had not expressed himself satisfied with what Lord Clarendon had said in explanation of this matter? Mir. Mason replied that he was not familiar with the whole correspondence, but if Mr. 13uchanan ever expressed himself satisfied with the course of the British Government it was done under a misapprehension of the facts. M!r. Crittenclen thought it might appear that Mr. :Buchanan had made a leap in the dark. MIr. James in the course of his speech stated, that England was guilty of bad faith in the enlistment question. :Nfr. Mason's resolution was then adopted. On the 26th, Mlr. Bell, of Tennessee, spoke on Central American affairs. He did not apprehend that war would ensne unless those controlling the Government of ]Egland and America lost their reason. The Senate shortly afterwards adjourned. The lNew Yor JTourn7al of Commerce, in its Washington letter of the 23d nlt., says:- *The despatches received to-day from Alr. Buchanan are of no particular importance, e.xcept so far as tbis, that they showv that everything in relation to our affairs is in statit q2uo. If our Central American dispute is to be submitted to an arbitration, and if there should be any hesitation as to the choice of an umpire, I would commend both &overnments to the arbitration of that independent, if mot sovereign power, the London Ti2es, whose views on the subject appear to be based rather on common sense than upon prejudice. Whatever may be the historical associations, it is very evident that sooner or later Great :Britain 3must relinquish territorial claims to any part of Central America, that this pathway towards possess2ons on the Pacific wvill be Americanized, and that the presence of }3ritish authority there will be a continTual source of irritatations and collision. As to the enlistment case, it is to be hoped that our Government will be content, as Congress and the people are, with the disclaimer already made by the British Governmient of any intention to infringe npon our laws, and of their prompt decision to shat up their recrniting depts." The as gton correspondent of the Bostn Co wier writes, on the 25th, as follows *- "Itis understood this evening that Mr. Crampton will be dismissed; in that case intercourse between. England and trhe United States- will. be suspended, as England will, -is soon as she learns that herIlinister has been dismissed, also refuse to receive onr litiniVter- Thus there wil be no diplomatic intercourse for some time at least between- the countries, until there is an: amicable settlement of our difficulties.") On the 26th the samne writer observesi* " That the immense excitement caused by the telegraphic despatch of the news by the steamers Atlantic and Asia, on Sunday last, is allayed bythe asumrance that there is nothing in the Government despatches since received calculated to diminish the hope that our differences with England may be pacifically arranged, although our relations with that country are not materially changed since the advices by the Canada." .Mr. Dallaswill soon receive his written instructions, his intercourse with the State Department heretofore being of a verbal character. The anniversary of Washinp,ton's birthday was celebrated with greater edat than usual. The steamer Daniel Webster arrived at New Orleans on the 26th of February, from San Juan, with dates fiom California to the 5th. The steamship Star of the West sailed from San Juan for New York, on the 18th ult., with about 500,000 dollars treasure in freight, Some of the passengers by the Daniel Webster reported that Colonel Kenney was arrested at Grenada, by order of Walker, and, condemned to be shot, but was saved by the interference of Walker's officers; the rumour, however, was not very reli- Abeounts from MIexico state that Puebla was still in the possession of Haro Ytamarez. The leaders of the insurrection at the Castle of San Juan de UIloa had been condemned to be shot. The new tariff came into operation on the 1st of January. Letters from Hayti of the 1st of February report that on the morning of that day a proclamation was published, and that the Haytien troops were on their way to their homes by order of the Emperor, mnd that the invasion of Dominica had been abandoned. WVe have accounts from Havannah to the 17th nit., but they contain nothing new. At Jamaica on the 1st business was reported to be brisk. The following Britislh ships-of-war were in port :-Powerful, 84 guns; Termagant, 24; Daring, 12; Imautm, 12; Hermes, 6, andArgus, 6. The New York commercial accounts state that the European intelligence by the Atlantic and the Asia tvas very quietly received in Wall-street, both in the money and general market circles. There vas little or no uneasiness manifested in regard to the discussion in England of the diplomatic relations of that coii mtywth the IJnitfed States, s far as the possibilities of war are supposed to be involved. Prices of stocks twere a little lower, but thie market closed firm. Money continued abundant on call at 6 to 7 per cent. In exchange there was only a moderate business doing. Bills on Londoni, 10lS to 109t, and on Paris, $5 20c. to $5 Me~. The cotton-market was active, with an advance of ic. per lb. The demand for breadstuffs was limited, both for home use and exportation; a decline of 121c. per balTel had been submitted to. The market for pork was firn. Scotch pig iron was selling at $35 to $36, six months. Freights were a shade firmer. LATER VIA HAIJFAY. NEW YORK, FEB. 28 (ErrSaoG). Cotton is ic. lower; quotations nominal. Breadstuffs firm. Flour and wheat dearer. Corn dull. MIoney-market easy, and stocks generally active. NEW O0l1ANS, FuF. 27. Cotton, middling, 9cl ; freights advancing. WA*UINTGTON, FEun 28. it is reported in the city to-day that Cramipton is nositively dismissed. Walker has annexed the whole of tJhe*fcsquito territoy to Nicaragua! Nothing do the Pucifi. - SOUTITAINTON, MAxelL10. . By the United States' mail steanmship Washington, Captain Cavendy, w ich l arrived off Cowes this afternoo en, w vith Eng,lish, lrech, and Germaan mails, e route for wre cn, ve inc mtelligence from New York to the23d uilt. Tlxe WVashington brings 77 qpegers, 17 of wliQm 1anced fit Southampton., She bas had a minc bbisterous passage, and made a detour to the south to 1void the ice. -- The CUn !9ffisteamship Etna, from Havre to NewYotk, pit@ktfalifax onthe evening of the 22d ult., shortEcf (oals, being out 17 days. We regret to say thiat no news had been received of the missing mail steamship Pacific. The Atlantic and Asia mail steamships, rom Liverpool, had not arrived when the Washington left. The former was in her 17th day, and her non-arrival was hoped to have been caused by a detention to succour the Pacific. The steamship Aabama had returne( without news of the missing steamer. She was 24 hours in the ice on the banks. The Senate in executive at Washington had ratified a very important treaty between the Chickasaw aiid Choclaw Indians and the United States, enlarginlg the boundaries of those tribes. Executive documents relative to Indian disturbances on the Pacific coast had been received. The Washington correspondent of the Neto York Herald, in reference to the despatches from Mr. Buchanan, received by the Canada, says that they did not contain any reply to Mr. Marcy's last despatch distinctly requesting the recall of Mr. Crampton. Mr. Crnimpton had, however, received a copy of Mr. Mfarcy's despatch. The same correspondent says5- "It is safe to 'predict as a matter of course that our Govermnent will afford Great Britain further time to comply with its demands, or at least to reply to them, before proceeding to dismiss Mr. Crampton. "You will observe that Lord Clarendon, in his recent speech in Parliament, referring to the Clavton-Bulwer treaty, used the following langage 'I lostnotime in offerig to refer the whole question to arbitration of any third Power, both sides agreeing to be bound by the decision. That offer has not yet been accepted. It has been renewed.' This first offer was made a long time before the death of the Emperor Nicholas, and occurred in this wise Lord Clarendon and Mr. .BuchanRn wese in conversation,when Lord Clarendon said that, if there was a difference of opinion in regard to the treaty, they would refer it for arbitration to some third Power. Mr. Buchanan replied, 'Well, refer it; but whom on God's earth shall we refer it to? The only Power in the world to whom we could refer it, in whose integrity and independence we should have confidence, is the Emperor Nicholas. You have chosen to go to war with the only man to whose arbitration the United States could safely entrust it, and now how can we refer it"' "If, as Lord Clarendon states, the offer to refer it to the arbitration of a third Power has been renewed, Iam quite sure our Government has not been officially advised of the fact. It may be conjectured that a despatch from Mfr. Buchanan, covering such a renewed offer, was sent by the Pacific; but this is only conjecture about ainatter of which no more is known than there is of the fate of the ship." Another correspondent, writing on the 22d ult., states that "The despatches brought by the Canada were overhauled at the State Department to-day. They are very indefinite and undecided. With reference to the Crampton difficulty, England informs our Government that she has alreadygiven full and ainple apology, and that she can do no more. As to Central America, she is willing to arbitratethat question. There is no intimation that Crampton will be recalled. It remains to be seen now whether our Government will dismiss him. Cushing says ' Yes.' What says Marcy? What says Pierce? " A portion of the Naval C'ommittee were closeted with Mr. Dobbin to-day. I understand the President and Mr. Dobbin manifest a desire to back down from their position in carrying o-ut the law of the last session. They find it an uphill basnuess."1 A third letter says " The Government despatches from 1England contain nothing of a definite character, neither is there any prospect of an early settlement of the matters in dispute between that Government and the United States. The enlistment difficulty is absorbed in the Central American question. There is no information whatever to verify the rumour that angry words had passed between Mr. Bachanan and Lord Clarendon. Mr. Crampton has received fresh instructions not to absent himself from Washington, as he heretofore contemplated, but to attend to the unfinished business of the State department." The American-journals arefilledwith theaccounts of the rejoicings on General Washington's birthday which took place on the 22d ult. Advices from Mlexico had been received to the 11th tllt. The garrison at Puebla returned to the capital, when the city capitulated. Some accounts represent the insurgents as likely to be soon put down, Haro having 2,400 men. At Austin, Texas, a great excitement existed on account of the trial of the persons charged with burning the Auditor'soffice. The Court was attended by an armed guard. Dates from Havannah to the 17th ult. state that the weather was more favourable. The sugar crop would undoubtedly.be short. The market was active and a good speculative demand existed. The NewYork money-market was without change. The stock-market opened. with less animation. Foreign exchange was firmer, with a moderate supply of first-class bills. Bankers' were firm, at 109k- for 00 days on London; 110k for sight ditto; Parns, 5f. 20c. to 5f. 18,?c. The cotton-market was animated throughout the week, but had become less excited, owing to the reduction in stock and the delay in the receipt of later foreign news. The sales embraced about 2,000 bales, closing at steady plices. Flour was in fair demand, without change of moment in quotations. Wheat was heavy; a smalllotof Tennessee red sold at $1 82jc. Corn was also easier, with sales of primeSouthernwhite at 77c., and of good Southern, mixed, at 75c. Rye sold on the spot at $1 20c., and to arrive at $1 17c. Pork was tolerably brisk at easier rates, mess havinng sold at $15 75c. to $15 87.c. Sugars were firm, witlh sales of SOOto 900 hhds., including 339 Molado, for refining, at about 4c.; the remainder was Cuba at 7nc. tot 8c., and New Oleans at 8c. to 8;ie. Coffee was firm, with sales at full prices, Freighlts were firmer for English pOrtS, with increased activity; to the Continent there was no change of moment to notice.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of two half-notes, No. 05.025, for 201., and No. 13.779, for 10l., from a Captain in the Merchant Service, for income-tax, jijich he is never called upon to pay by any Goverment officer. Ezcsmssiox TICEFcTs.-On Saturday in the Southlwark County Count, an action wvas brought against the South-Western Railway Company bv Mr. Mogg, a gentleman residing in Albion-street, iHyde Park, to recover the stui of 51. under the following circmnstances --The plaintiff stated that, on the 15th of August last, he took a first-class ticket at the Waterloo Station by the Southampton Railway throughout to Paris, rid Southampton and Havre, for which he paid the advertised price (28s.), his intention being to witness the reception by the Emperor of the Queen of England. When the train-arrived at Southampton there was no conveyance provided by the company to take him to the steamboat, and he was obliged to pay for the omnibus himself. When he got on board the vessel he found it so crowded that there was no bed for hin, and thoughl tho steward offered him a mattrass on the floor, he could not lie in such a place, and went on deck, where he stayed all night in one of the boats. This gave him a severe illness, and compelled him, when arriving at Havre, to stay twvo days at the hotel there before lie could prpceed to Paris. On the French side of the water he was also obligecltb pay for the conveyance of himielf and luggage to the railway station. For these various disbursements, rant of accommodation, trouble, and annoyance he had been put to, he brought the action to recover 51., which he was justly entitled to; his hotel expenses at Havre amounted to it. Bis Honour said that the case was one of vast imapoi-tance to the public. He thought the zailway company were boundn to take the passengers throughout to Paris, according to their contract, and there should be no outlay on the part of the passengers for travelling expenses beyond the 2Ss. Whether every passenger was entitled to a bed he could not say, hut certainly every one was entitled to proper shelter; and, under all the circ umstances, he should give a verdict for the plaintiff for the wrhole amount chaimed. 'EURN-G A C(HD.-Considerable excitement has heen produced in the quiet village of Tbixendale, near M1alton, by'the burning of a child. it appears that Catherine Dale, the mother of the child, was known to have been pregnant for somue time. She went with her mother to a btysician in Malton oh Wednesday, the 20th ult., and gave irtli to the cfild while residing w-ith her parents; and on the Friday night following, her father being from home, Ann Dale, the grandmother, is supposed to have burnt the child in the house fire, after having previously interred it. Upon information being given to Mr. Consitt, superintendentpolice-officer, he repaired to the spot, and discovered some calcined bones (being the only remairs? in the ashpit. He took the mother into custody, and the grandmother, who had absconded, was soon also secured. On bein- interrogated, it was alleged by the younger pris6nbr that she had been actuated by -the desire to conceal her confinement, owming to the strong denunciations of her father when previously in the famiyway, this ben her second child. the miother and grandsinother have blothAeen connu'itted for trial atb Yor'k assizes-.-~3feacw7wer Exa,wni~,-. pED(nucrro IN SOIEN(E AlND AnnT-Yesterday eared a copy of an order in Council passed on the 25th t- PProvng a report of the Privy Council, recommend ing-i, that inf futue the Education Departmen nt (so to be called) be Placed under thle Lord Pesident of the Council assisted by a amemnber of the Privy r uil whasal ad I Vce-resden of**the Commjittee of the- said Privy Comncil on Eduo, atihon; 'and, 2, tht the Education Department include (thc Ahe edfi6ation -establisli.t bishment for the encouragement -of science and art,now under the direction of the ]Board oDf Wrade, and .eadied !'The Department of Sciencee and Art." Bu1t these cestablishments are to beo xifi&er th& orders:of the Lord Pre's,ident. The newvEducatiofiiDenartnentis to report onsieh cuesion cocernng ductionas naybe referred to-it by Charty Cmmision4 t insect-the 'navaIln&uregimenta sch~Js,and o exmineinththe: instrucetion in amauica scenc gien i th n~igaioEcoools connected
.YAVAL AND MILITARY INTELIOGSOE. A court-martial commenced sitting yesterday morning on board HIer Majesty'a ship Victory. to try Qqmrander Warren for the loss of Her Majesfys stemns sloop, PoY' phemus, on the 29th of January, in the Baltic. The case excited considerable interest from the rank and family con. nexions of the prisoner and the fact of the master and several of the crew having lost their lives by the catastrophe. A pledge was exacted from the reporters present that no part of the evidence should be publishe, until the ternination of the trial. The steam transport Alps, No. 82, Captain Inglis, embarked at Portsmouth yesterday Lieutenant-Colonel H. 0. Bowles, MajorF.Wciss, Captains G. deRerponay,A.Von JesEen, -L de Canstenser, L de Ziemicli, and Philo Schuinann; lieutenants S. V. Schwartzenhorn, W. Von Essen, G. Daly, Louis Rohrer, P. Von Suensson, and C. Lemsey; Ensigns A. Ritter, J. Barchett, and L. Seski; Paymaster LI R. Haslewood, Acting-Adjutant John A. Kysh, Surgeon F. Aschenfeldt, Assistant-surgeon C. Biel, 467 non-commissioned officers and men, 5 women, 4 children, and-two horses of the 3d Jager corps of the Blitish German Legion, and left vwith them for Plymouth. A Danish corvette arrived at Spitheadyesterday afternoon. The Resistance troopship, Master-Commander Hall, was docked yesterday at Portsmouth, to be repaired. The Amphion, 31 gans, screw steam fiigate, Captain Hemny Chads, left Sheerness at 11 a.m., on Sunday, direct. forKiel. The Devastation, 6 guns, paddlewheel steam sloop, Commander Edward IaLrshall, arrived at Sheerness on Saturday from Greenhithe, completed her stock of -water on Sunday, and left for Spithead the same day at 10 a.m. The P'earl, 20 guns, screw steam corvette, Captain Edward S. Sotheby, from Greenhithe, arrived at Sheerness on Sunday, and, after communicating with the Commander. in-Chief; left at 4 p.m. for Spithead. The Horatio, S guns, screw steamship, Captain the -Hon, Arthur A. Cochrane, C.B., took in powder, shell, &c., to complete her ammunition stores, on Sunday, and now is waiting at Sheerness Admiralty instructions for destination. The Vixen, G guns, screw steam despatch gunboat, is ordered to be comple'ed at Sheerness with all possible -expedition. The Locust, 3, paddlewheel steamvessel, T eutenant-Commander John B5thesea, was taken into the fitting basin, Sheerness, on Saturday, and ordered to be refitted immediately. The Cuckoo, .3, paddlewheel steamvessel, LieutenantCommander A. G. E. Murray, is ordered te be ready for her departure on the arrival of Admiralty orders for hei destination, which is reported to be the Baltic. The Tartar, 20, screw steam corvette, Captain Hugh Dunlop, was taken into No. 3 dry dock, Sheerness, on Saturday, to make good damage received in the Baltic, and will be put out of dock this day. She is taking in provisions and stores, and is under orders to proceed immediately for the Baltic. The Wasp, 14, screw steamship, has been taken into the fitting basin, Sheerness, to have her defects made-good and be ready for immediate service. The Commander-in-Chief strucklhis flag at Sheerness and proceeded to London yesterday. The schooner Maria Eliza is about to sail from Woolwich with shot, powder-cases, guns, and gun-carriages for Portsmouth. The Mariner arrived at Woolwich on Sunday evening from Liverpool, with a cargo of shell from the contractors there, on discharging which she will embark guns, gun-carriages, and powder-cases for Portsmouth. The Amity transport is completing her cargo of military stores for Malta and Constantinople, and is filling up with casks and cases of harness and saddlery, and will be ready by today to go down to Greenhithe to be adjusted for sea. On Saturday afternoon Messrs. Scott and Sons, of Greenock, launched very successfully another of the mortarboats which that firm is building for the Government. Like the former, this vesselis constructed in the most substantial and even ponderous manner. She is_900 tons burden, and her magani les will contain 1,000 shells, with the requisite store of powder, &c. The preparations for war continue at Woolwich undiminished. Last week so great was the nurmber of Artillery (as enumerated in !Ve Times) which started thence for the Crimea, that 12 special trains, independently of the ordinary departures, were despatched from the Arsenal station to Southampton direct. Two trains were occupied Nith gun carriages, and one train conveyed the, baggage alone. The horses consisted of 3. Captain Radcliffe's battery of Royal Artillery was to leave Leeds yesterday for Liverpool, to embark for the East; and other batteries are under orders for the like destination from Ireland. The 17 companies forming the Royal Artillery Siege Train, detailed in 27te Timz-s, for which barrack accommodation was ordered to be prepared at Woolwich about three weeks ago, according to instructions despatched by General Dacres, have not yet arrived. Official orders have, however, been issuedinWoolwich Arsenal to the effect that the transports may be expected in the river daily. The landing of the troops from the seat of war is to be the formal opening of the new pier at Woolwich. All the materials are in readiness to erect a triumphal arch across the newly. constructed landing-place, which is to be decorated with laurels and covered with evergreens. Under these the troops will pass to the shore. There is still some probability, however, that the order for the landing of the troops at Woolwich may be countermanded, and that they may be forwarded by train from Portsmouth. The Royal Mail Company's steamuship Great Western, No. 6, is under orders to receive at Southampton, for transport to the East, 1 officer, 20 men, and 45 horses of the Royal Artillery; 13 officers of the Royal Engineers; 300 Sappers and Mliners, 10 servants, and 6 officers. Accommodation is also provided for P'aymaster Marriott, 54th Regiment, and family, to Gibraltar- Lieutenant Simpson, R.N., and Lieutenant-Commissary-General Seelandwife, to Malta; Assistant-Surgeon Govett and Mr. Blandford, of the Osmanli Irregular Cavalry,andMlr. G. Perry, R.N., to Constantinople; Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, Ensigns Carroll, Skey, Boyd, Mailett, and Wright, &c., to the Crimea. A printing press and two printers will also eave by this conveyance for Scutari. An order has been received by Colonel Eden, the Coinmnandant of Chatham Garrison, directing that the detachment of the 60th Royal Ri'de Regiment under orders to proceed to Bombay, for the purpose of instructing the British troops inIndia in the use of the Enfield rifle, are to. embark this day at Gravesend in the Walter Maurice transport, in charge of Lieutenant C. Jones, 1st Battalion Royal IRifies. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-Comnmander J. B. Willoughby and Commander J. N. Norman have been appointed Inspecting Commanders of the Coast Guard;* Lieutenant L. C. IL Robinson, to the command of the Blazer guboat; William Inrie, Master, to the Basilisk; J. 0. Brownrigg, Acting Mate, to the Pioneer; H. J. Yash, Assistant-Clerk, to the Royal George.
POLICE. MINSION-xOUSE.-John Hall, charged with having received a large quantity of gold-dust which was stolen in its transit from London to the continent, was again brought before the LORD MAIYOR for examination. Mr. Bodlin aMpeared for the prosecution; Mr. Ballantine, instructed by Mr. Lewis, for the defence. Several witnesses were examined; and Mr. Bodkin applied for a further remand of the prisoner, the evidence against whom was exceedingly complicated. Application vwas made upon the part of the prisoner to be adnitted to bail, and security' was offered to any amount for which his Lordship might be disposed to calL The LORD ML}YOR said he considered the case to be one which, under existng circumstances, ought to be remanded without baiL At the same time, he certainly was of opinion that the promecutors were bound to be more expelitious in preparing the matter for adjudication. MIr. Lewis said that the prisoner had been subjected to imprisonment in a cell in lNewgate, and thereby suffered the penalties of conviction before triaL. The LORD MLAYoR said he could not alter the regulations at NYewgate, but hoped that the case would be as spceedily concluded as possible. The prisoner was then remanded till Saturday. John Felix was charged with having desperately assaulted a woman named Biooks. Evidence was brought forward to prove that the prisoner had acted with the most brWtpl Niolence, and that the woman whom he had assaulted was under the care of a surgeon in St. Bartholomew's Hospital on account of the injuries she had received from him. The prisoner was remanded till Saturday. Martha Noble was fined 5s. for having disturbedthe congregation in Bishopsgate Church during the evening service. MARYMEBO,-A man who gave his name Henry Thomas was placed at the bar before Mr. BaouGrTON, charged with having been concerned with another, not in custody, in " garotting" and robbing Mr. William Paltridge, clerk to a solicitor, residing at 'No. 4, Portsea-place, Edgware-road. Prosecutor, who had evidently sustained much injury from the murderous attack made upon him, on being sworn, said --On Saturday night Last, between 11 and 12 o'clock, I went to a chymist's in the Edgware-road to buy some pills, and on my return towards home, and when within a short distance of it, a man came behind me and grasped me tightly with both hands round the throat. MIr. BROUG55TOx.-At the moment of his doing so was anything said? Prosecutor.-NTo, Sir. I instantly, by a sudden effort, caught hold of the man's wrists, and with a jerk lifted them up a little. I then called out as well as I could, " Police !" The man by whom I had been &eized pushed me off the pa-ement, and I fell into the road, when I became insensible. All I know after that is that I saw the prisoner in custody. I had been lifted up by some persons, who, seeing the situation I was iu, came to my assistance. Mr. BnOuGuTON.-Were you robbed of any property ? Prosecutor.-Only the box of pills which I had bought and a trifle in copper money. I received so much hurt that it was with the greatest difficulty that I was enabled to reachthe station to prefer the charge. Iwas assisted thither by persons who were convinced that I required aid. I have been ill ever since. My neck is still quite sore, owing to the pressure upon it with the hands, and I shall most likely be a sufferer for some time. Mr. BROuaGETON (to prisoner).-Do yon wish to ask the prosecutor any questions? Prisoner (to prosecutor).-What did you say at the stationhouse 1- Prosecutor.-I said I did not at the moment I was seized and nearly strangled know who attacked me. My head was very bad, and I really can scarcely tell now what passed betveen me and the acting sargeant on duty. Prisoner.-Did I not say that I had nothing to dowith it? Prosecutor.-You did. William Chambers, of 9, Portsea-place, said,-Shortly before 12 o'clock on Saturday night I heard a scuffling outside of my front door, and after listening for about three minutes I went out with n stick in my7hand I saw three men, one of whom was lying upon his back in the middle of the road, one was kneelmg on his stomach, and the other seemed to be pressing tightly the throat of the prostrate and helpless man with his hands. I think I heard a groan from the man, but am not sure. I went up to them at the moment when they -who were on the fallen man were in the act of rising, and I aimed a blow at the head of one of them with my stick. It did not injure him, I believe, on the head, although it might have alighted upon his hat. The blow intended for his head took effect upon his shoulder. They both rau off in the directionx of Cambrndge-street, whither I followled them, crying, as loudly as I was able, "Stop thief P" One of them made away along the Edgware-road, and the other dowvn Sovereign-mews. I kept up a sharm chase, still calling out, " Stop thief !" and in the mews, at the further end, one was caDtured by a polieeman. Mr. s3ouorGTroN.-Is the prisoner that man,? Witness.-He is, your worship? Mrr. BROuGnTOx.-Did yon lose sight of him from the period of his running away until he was secured by the constable ? Witness.-No, Sir. Mr. BROuGIxON (to witness).-Have you anything more to say? Witness.-When the officer came up upon having heard my cry of "Stop thief," he asked me what was the matter, and on my telling him that a gentleman had been knocked down and nearlj murdered, the prisoner told me I had made a mistake, saying that he was merely running after another man. I remarked to him it was no mistake at aU, and he was then taken into custody. ' - Allen, 242 D.-I stopped the prisoner, as stated by the last witness, ard saw him drop something -white from his hand. I also at the same time heard a jinlk like that of mioney which had fallen from him upon the ground. Witness here produced a box containing two pills (the white Racket alluded tol, and a halfpenny and two farthio'gs, which he had iAcked up on his apprehending the prisoner. He (witness) andMr. Chambers went back to Portsea-place, and there saw two or three persons supporting the prosecutor who was almost fainting, and hadjust been fted up. At the stationhousethe sergeant asked prsonerwhat was in the box, and he said, "Only a bit of chalk, which I use to chalk my line with." The box, in which were the two pills, was identified by Mr. Barrett, 60, 2Edgware-road, as being the same with which he had supplied prosecutoron the night in question - he had given to him (prosecutor) in change for 6d a fourpenny piece, a halfpenny, and two farthings. Mrif. hiioucGaTo renianded the prisoner till Monday next, in order to afford time for inspector Grant to cause inquiries to be made of officers of other divisions'as to whether there* has been any previous conviction against the prisoner, as also to find out if possible his accomplice in the outrage. WORSHP-STREEr.-lMary Anne Prior, a dissipated-looking young woman, was charged -before MUr. D'EvxorOURT with maliciously stabbing and wounding. The prisoner's sister is a married woman named Kendall, living at Kingsland, and whether the prisoner lodged with her or not did not appear, but both woomen were together in the Curtain-road, Shoreditch, on the eveniai; of the 23d or 24th of last month, when the prosecutlix, Keidall, discovered that the prisoner had stolen some trifling article from a beershop in the nei-hbourhood. She was shoclked at the act, and insisted uponlher sister's restoring the article which the prisoner did, but very reluctantly, aud after a quarrel between them thee prosecutrix went home. About an hour after the prisoner followed her, entered her house, and abused her in a threatenring manner, declarin- that that nlight should be her sister's last. - The prisoner tien man to a knife-box, and, selecting a sort of shoemaker'sknife, told .her she would stab her witlh that. Prosecutrix left the room to avoid h er, but, on getting down a few stairs, heard footsteps behind her, and, on looking roumd, sawthe prisoner standing over her, with her hand upraised, and the knife in it. She tried to evade the, blow, but could not, and the prisoner stabbed her in the right cheek, -near the eye. The Mwoman fell, screamning.for help, andtlle prisoner then "dug" the knife into her breast, -xclaiming trumnphantly " That is wthat I wanted to do,' anid then, leaping through a black window, escaped. The- proseoutrri on recovering her senses,, crawled out of' the house as best she could, and went to some. neighbouring apotheca wh o Iesse4 )ersuw9ids, uba did EO e 9 nnprfcot M=- -nerthat-on-her bei' onveyed-to -the-stationthe offioer.on duteythere eiectd herto die every moment, and sent for the division surgeon, who bandaged them properly. A boy brought the knife to the tation,l with stains of bloouL on it, and Cafrey, a constable, went in search of the prisoner, whom 4- at length discovered at a low publichouse in company of several other women, the prisoner being perfectly sober, as the prosecutrix also was deposed to have been. On the officer telling her that she had nearly murdered her sister,;she said that that remained to be proved, and on the constable repe!!ting tho observation she cavalierly replied that the prosecutiji richly deserved whatever she had got. At the first examination the prosecutrix was so faint and exhausted from excessive hemorrhage, that she was obliged* tobe seated while giving her evidence; at the second examination she could not appear at all, and yesterday she was brought to the court in a cab, and was still so ill as to be takLen away in the same manner. l1r. Coward, the divisiona surgeon, deposed to examining the prosecutrix, whom he found to be suffering'from two serious wounds; the first was an extensive one on the right cheek, an inch and a half in length, but not deep, though the proeecutrx said the blade had only been stopped by the bone; and the second was a wound between the collar-bone and neck, about an inch in length and half that in depth. The prisoner, in defence, declared that Ehe had not the slightest recollection of anything that had occurred,. as she wasinastateof intoxication at the time; but this, as before stated, was contradicted, and, the depositions hlving been taken 'by Mr. Phillips, the chief clerk, the prisoner was fully committed to Newgate for trial. "rsAW-Uenry Wiliams, a rotugh-looldng fellow, described as a shoemaker, aged 19, but who looked much older, was brought before Mr. iNGRMr, charged with a burglaryin the house of Mr. Joseph Bishop, a draper, of No. 7, rket-street, Stepney, and stealing 40 rolls of silk riband, 23 silk neckties, 1 pairs of gloves, and other pro perty therefrom. lMr. LNGTA-. said he intended to commit the prisoner for trial on this charge, but he should for the present remand him to give time for the police to make inquiries about hinm SOUT .WAO-WIliam West, a venerable-looking man 60 years ofage, described on the charge-sheet as a- commercial agent, residing at No. 3, Union-place, Shoreditch, was brought before Mr. A'BEcx;rr, charged with fraudulently obtaining various sums of money from several persons in the metropolis by representing himscf as an officer of the Court of Chancery and the Crown-office. Christiana Lawrence, a married woman, residing at 39, Great Bland-street, Dover-road, said that in the early part of last month the prisoner called upon her during the absence of her husband, and told her that he mme to her about some property she was entitled to in Scotland, that he belonged to the Court of Chancery, and could get it for her with little or no expense. Wvitness was entitled to some property left her byM. John Bell, the author of the EncycIeiaBritansnic; and, thinling from the prisoner's appearance and statement that he was really what hbeepsented himself to be, she thanked him for his kindness,ut told him she was not in very affluent circumstances. He told her that he should require no money, as he would sue for her injo6m4 azupeauis. She told him to call again, and on the 20th of February he did so, and informed her that he should require a gainea, by instalments, to pay the necessary expenses for searching and letters, but that it would be all returned to her, with her property. Hle then wrote out an agreement to that effect, and she paid him 5. on the 20th of February, 6s. oii the 28th, and 4s. last Wednesday. (Witness here produced the agreement which she saw him write andsign.) When she paid him the first 5s. tness agreed to give h7m 10 per cent. if he succeeded in recovering her property, and he said he should want no *money until it was all over. * Mr. A'l3ECxc'r.-Did you really believe that any respectable professional man would do business in that mnanner? Witness.-He told me that he had held a situation in the Court of Chancery 50 years, and was employed to restore peoypletheir property, and I thought, from his gray hairs and his venerable appearance, that it was all true, and that he would do so. Mr. XBECKLmrr.-Where is your property situated9 Witness.-At Dunse, in Scotland. I told the risoner that, and gave him a lineage of my famnily, and toldhim it was in the possession of Mr. Patterson. When the prisoner called a second time he told me that he had brought Mr. Patterson up to London, but that I could not see him until the 13th of Apr and that would be in theCourt of Queen's Bench. The prisoner also said that lfr. Patterson had told him he would come to anyterms rather than go into a court of law. I therefore thought that I should soon have my property restored to me, and that the business would be concluded. I gave him the money believing that he was what he stated, an officer of the Court of Chancery. I have since ascertained him to be an impostor, and I have been extremely ill ever since. Hannah Legg, the wife of Charles Legg, of 12, Castlestreet, Southwark, said, that on the 19th of February the prisoner called upon her while her husband was out, and askedher whether her husband was not expecting some property. She told him that there was property coming to them in Chancery in the name of Vimcent. He then saw her husband, and told him that there was 1,3001. in Chancery for the fmnily of the Leggs, and if he did not apply for it immediatly it would all go to the " sinking fund." (Laughter.) The prisoner had his tea with themi and 5s. 6d., and on his leavmg he told her that in four days he should know whether she would get theproperly or not, but the money would be returned to her. The prisoner also told her husband that he must not be worthk more thau 10., or he could not proceed in the case in fornz4pcuperis. He distinctly said that he was sent by the Crown-office to call upon people who had money left them, so that they ht iuake animmediate claim,to prevent it going into the =inng fund. The prisoner here denied malking any such statement. He had never had a farthin from her. Witness said that he told her unless she made-claim for the money in three days she would lose it all, as it would go to the sinking fund. (Laughter.) George S. Jones, ajourneyman painter, of 51, Pitt-street, Kent-road, said that on Saturday week the prisoner paid a visit at his house durin& his absence, and told his wife that he was entitled to considerable property in the Court of Chancery, and that he would call and see him about getting it. He left his card, of which the following is a "W. 'West, general agent for every article that is used for the comfort, convenience, or consumption of man (either in raw materials or manufacture). Embarrassed tradesmen's affairs regulated and adjusted, with every advice and assistance, and the most honourable confidence may be relied on. M1oney to any amount advanced on approved securities. Applications, by letter only (post paid), addressed toW. West, No. 62, Lower-marsh, Lambeth, will bepunctually attended to." Witness saw the prisoner after that, when he said that he came from the Court of Chancery, and told him he was entitled to property under the will of George Jones, his late father. itiiess told him that he had no money to throw away, but if he succeeded in getting it he should be paid. HIe hadpropery coiing to him under his father's will, and lie was surprised how he knew it, until the prisoner told him he was sent by lord Clarendon, theHigh hancellor of the Exchequer, to get his Property. Mtlhr. ABscxxr-Did you believe such a foolish story Witness.-Well, I did not know, Sir, being a perfect stranger to such things. The prisoner vrote somethin' on a paper, and I gave him 3s. Gd., when he said if it did not turn up trampsi he would return me the money. Me also said if I-did not apply for the property immediately it would go to pay off the national debt. (Laughter.) Mr. ABECKETT.-Did he say what he was before you gave him the moneyv Wltness-Yes, Sir; he said he belonged to the Court of Chanceey, and was employed to get people their money. Pnisoner.-I deny that, and I never said so. With all due respect to your worffip. nothing has been proved to sustain any charge of false pretence against me. Mr. AxBECO TrT.-You have represented yourself as being connectedwith the Court of Chancery, and obtained money by that means; therefore, as there is some likelihood of other cases being brought against you, I shall remand you for a week. L4AmBEmTH-The Hon. G. C. NOPTON- attended specially for the purpose of further investigating a case in which Mr. George Brooke, a poulterer and provision dealer in Leadenhall-market, had taken out a summons against Mxr. Noldawritt, a Custom-house agent, for wilful and corrupt perury. The case was adjourned to a future day, in consequence of the absence of important witnesses.
JOINT-STOCK CoIrXIEs.-The recent report of the registrar addressed to theBoardof Tradeshovs that in 1855 there were provisionally registered 253 joint-stock companies, only 31 of which were." completely" re istered. The number registered completely, without limited iability, amounted to 77, and the nulmber completely registered, with limited liability, to 5. Of the 77 companies completely registered without limited liability 19 were assurance companies, 2 nlaway companies, 20 gas companies, 3 mining and quarrying compames, 8 pateat invention, -c., companies, 2 shipping and steam companies, 13 public building companies, and 2 loan and discount companies. Of the 5 registered with limited liability 2 wero gas-light companies 1 was a steamboat company, 1 a warehonse company, and 1 a coal company. No applications were made for enforcing penalties for failure to register. The totalamount of fees received at the office for registering the above companies in 1855 was 4,3527, [Advertisoment.1-Captain larryat's Novels-price Ia,.6d. each. "Peter Simple'will be ready on thelo5th of Mar-ch.and canootfailofmretingivoithanextraordiayseat. The erentsofthe last few yeafr haTe revived the nationalhlove of our Royal N2avy, and hytain Mayat's sea stories contain the best pictudes of th seen and t he m os t fai tl ful1 p ort r a its o f t he c ha r a c te whi1c h ab o umdein thbaet branchof theservice. Few wlybeabole to resi the temtatin now that theyareable topurchase these inimitabe bera nnivorenomvolumes. Let our sailor novelast bereadylases;llustraphi narratives w,Jiirend6er the ReyaTl_avymorepopkta ever, an wl elevate the national character. "All realov ero th, coi r have a good word for h deld ad honest Capt (aido t" th u for the 15th of April wle "hoe ig Oeyo" price Is. Sd., by pi M1arrat. Londen, Gereou! ad . rinonret [Advertisemlest.J -.Easterts ad Est out,rin s-I is wholly impossibleo selet a (oea rte, seful, and ace able gift for daughter, sister aif tan "Trasures out Keedlewar byock e arren.and btagreeab(i andi , richl *iBtte orth dorotrcstHoThey fro bytoeditorsof the WFamrdaend Io nck,lS8 2s. 6d., strongly boud Te books h b mended, the irstasbig" aktftesue"(ie"lutae London ewrs," Jan. 5wietscond work Is spokenoas "a capital handbook" dinne "Athhoemos De "tat every considerate bousekeeper should consl"(ie Safr ecr, Nov 16 1855) Should the choice go beyond sally chea od, and i!sRuciv 5olumes. "Elegant Arts for dies (just t bc theo "Wife's Owi llooCocyferycBS.,ad"eh steiu' Handbook of hme n aeBrs js u,2.C, s books that mustyrv boharebeadisrcie.Bte ok do not exist. They r euiul lutatd adadLc,18 leet-stireet, and soldbyan bollerb. [Advertisement.Te"ie'sOwn Book of Cookery)) nll secure a- goddnewihtemt slender mesus Orer 2510 descriptive illustratigns add to the utility and value of this work-, wbhIrsconitains above 1.500 origlinal receipts-for dishes tlitmrtirye got 4vey feShor dplaoes in jhi^Ys 3uzhutesVhands. t tgreatsupDon every ar ad acmlsmn,adi m-pelgl ilusrte.A mer efl or
SULIP NEWS. LIVErPOoTl 3kRm 9. The ian Urepor, from Calcutta for this port. which was on :i February 5, on CrosbyPoint, has been awLted off andinto the hir Dock Basi The Irou King, sent out, March 6, in search of the Effort, J Cbarente, abandoned at sea, has retuned without any tidia e her.- ArriTed.-TheNewEngland, fromKew Orleans-theStar of Em from Mlobile-the Phcenix,fromAntigua-the Fleece,from Mazag the Juan Enelio. from Havannah-the IadyGordon, from Saram Sailed.-The TllUa and Isie, for Constantinople-the O'Tbyei Virginia-the Resolution, for Syra. IAAXfl10. wind. N.K.W. Arrived.-The Europa, from PorLsmouth. Off the Port-The Lanada, from Boston-theAnne Jane. Sailea-The Delta, for Harre-theThree Sisters, for MarseDles CiLse, for Cuba-the HenriettaRebecca, for St. Thomas. LoN-DoN, March l0.-Wnd at noon. X., lightbreeze. FAlsotwTs, March S.-Arrived, the John Hancock, from Orleans for Havre-the Alexandiia, from Amsterdam for AlexaT. Sailed, the Queen, for C,arrel-tbe.Nelie.fatilde,forHLavre. S 9.-Off the port, the the GazeUe, from St. 2ichaers for lor sailed, Feb. 2. YARMrOUTrlr, March 9.-The Norway. of London, from Shidd Genoa, which put ashore on the 6th inst., bas been got off after t ing over a considerable p art of her cargo (coals). ST. VINCENz, CAPE V=sD. Feb. 26.-The Pace, from Maim tlo Janeiro, strockupnan uijnlown rock 40 mIles east of Boa Feb. 16, filled and snk almost immediately; exew saved. CARDIm, March 9.-The Alphonsine Estelle, ofXantes, hada portion of her deck blown up and received other damage by a plosion of gus The Thona of Corl from Newport for Limericl come in with los of manmast and other damage from collisior the P io flata- off the Nash.te CeIz, Ziarch 1.-The EmTperor, of and from ihverpool for CW tinoplet in ondeavrthg to malie this port on the night of Feb. a disabled state, her mnachinery hasiug given wray, got upon the in theG{aicta. Pier stern ha ssnskln deep wvater, the fore part. vessel lies on a sharp reef of rocks, is fuUi of wrater, andwill sp go to pieces if the wi3nd freshens; pact oI cargo and some saved. Poser TA0r,3March 7.-The Hinbad, arrived here from Wate reports tbat, on the morning of thle 5th of MEarch, she passed a b, about 1,COO tons, ashore oil the Rtati and Barrels, with her ior mainmasts gone and lying alongside, aud apparently abandouen stern waspainted witha large white streak. PERstA uco, Feb. L1.-The Johm Walker, from liverpool l{ Grande,wvhichputin hereou thel9hofJanuaryleaky, &c., ha condemnned, sold, and hGer cargo rnehipp Cn3xsrzrs 3farch 7.-The Cheshbire Lass, of Chester, fromL34 havingbeentowoedu{5 this day from lod'o.s, in7rounding to luice-house, touch wdith her forefoot on the pitching of - he and rema3ned, t a tideebbiug she careenednover andiied thron skylight and companio1n, and is immersedin the wvater up the~ faria5dthenainmast; cargo dischargiagpnthefore hold. GR&VESEND, !.EAricrr 10. (Br Stmxacnc A?s1D RarSae TEhoB&yl From floyds.) 9 30 a.m-Wmnd, N.W.; tide, 5 hours' ebb: fine.- .Arired,-The Rfavensbourne and the B;ee, from Aniwei, 2 Salled,-The El3ectric Flesh, for Cape Coas Castle., 1 p.m.-Wind, N. W.: tide, 3 hours' fiood; cloudy. Arrived.-The Trident, from Hambuwg-the Fsenoord, from I dam. 3p.mL-WInL calm; tide, nearlybighwater; fine. Ahrived.-The Paris and London, from Prai. Sailed.-The Chieftain, for Colombo. 7 30 iz.m-Wind, N.E.; tide, 3 homs' ebb weather, cloud moderate. Arrived and Bassed-The Eltbe, from Hiburg-the Ret fromConstantinople-theAuguste,fromHanbnsg-the Gurdon3 from St. Eichaers. BEAT4 BE&= 10. | (BY SUTRYARD A-ND BRnsu Tg artvij I 9 a.m.-Wind, N.W., moderate, Passedi-Her Majesty's steamer Devastation and Pear], from ness forPortsmouth-tbe lletriever, 180transport, from the C and the Gurdon Bebow, from St. Michaebs. both for Londc Adelaide, for Demerarn, tbe Rubicon, for Swansea; the Pet Bilboa; the NapoleonIIL, for Sydney; the Sibella, for Sierra:! and the Dinapore, for the Cape Good Hope-all from London. Anchored.-The Anrora, from EonOou for Sierra Leone. Sailed,-The Hampshire, for Cubs-the Unity, for Algoa B3 Tropic, for Antigua. foon.-Wzmd, NN.MR, moderate. Passed.-The Paris and London, from Rouen for london-tb and London, for Bouen; the Oroona, for the Cape of Good Io1 Earl of Devon. forLeg,horn; the Cygnet, for Swaansea; the Bla for Cardiff; and the Powditcb, for Boston, aL from Lond Imaim of .Muscat, from Shields for Malta. PutBacl;-TheBengal, for Montrose. 2 p.DL-Wmd. l.E., moderate. Anchored.-The William Watson, from Hamburg. 7 30 pm.-Wind, SE by E., moderate. Arrived and Passed.-The Havant, from Londoln for Shaugb Stadland, from Salonica for London. Passed off Dover, March 9.-The Blohm, from Iamnburg. Passed ofE Beacby Head, March 9.-Tho s]peranza, from kong. P The Ezperanza reports baving spoken the Bakkop, iin er colours, bound for Cork, in lat. 0 43. long. 7 50; lost her masts, visions, andpart of her crew sick; supplied her with everyth waxnt'ed; was96daysout. VLqsszs SroI 'Winr. The Sovereign and the Mazagian, March 1. in lat. 37 2 9 Wt. The African, Mrch 2, in 3at. 40 N., long. 1'W. The Charles, from Callao for Queoestown, March 4, in 1at long. 9WNV' The Candi, M h 6, in lit. 48 N., long. 6W. The Heels, from M1ontevideo for Cape Verd, -eo. 28, in lat lonig. 30 W. The Tres Amigos, from Valparaiso for Bristol, Feb. 3, in I; long. 29W. The Conquest, from Callao for Queeustown, iaW lat. 41 9 W; Tho Trelhwney, from the Clyde for Jamaica, Feb. 1, in lat 101w. 37 W..- The Tryntifna, from Batavia for Riotterdam, Feb. 29, in Ia long. 1 Vt. ThoU!yn&es, Jan. 9, iu 1at 2 8., Isog. 28W. The Dickey Sam, from Fanuna for Loudon, Feb. 22, .bm Lat O6g. 31 W. HIGH WATERt AT I2O'DON-'BRXG THIS DA'! ,XOSnE .. , mm, a 7 lA um ltegan NoB ;I* ;
SALES B A0I. Frebold Lusi remises Stabng, k., cluos to dt E RS_ DES ANIEL SMITH and SON,%il (unIw ?Vp n_".~acetauil Day.-l sohanR be pr,usly =%de by private trbes E nLL by AUCTIOsN, at the lMart, ne th Brank ko byIi. Castle ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ th Bnknafic ofJhtttS roLbG*b' EnglarA- IaIS DXY Tu-dap), March the 1lth, at 12 o'clock, by orderof the Executors of the Most Noble tstbe Mareois of Anglesee, IG.G. deceased, a -FEHL ENCLOSEDW STABLE-YARDI vithis I n e cital stabling coC0 h-houEs,l &c., with a rcaha, frontage in ro*eeeneet,ttb, Bod-teet, affording ample space for work. - obgr other busin premises Orders to g iewan d partiuar,s ,l,im be, attheir ofes-1, in WatBerplace, Pall-nail asoof meac loiwe. solicitors in tbe Temple. enumine old ~Frmeigp Cigars, wel matured, awdof OldalZsbty. ME SON'BISSwill SELL byN AUCTION, 9a InTs1 teirRo, Great Piazza, cT.mrday TIs DAy. at 12o remgi~ OLD litbr.gs cnrCIGA.RS, of vers y sier.eri, qu.it, and avounte names-; lotted to suit private buyers. 1o on sijew. and a saple box, of each sort opened for inspection aa tating. Ctalogues at mesrns Eabtnes offices, GoTent-garden. TixsDay.-mport ntgt-clabe moder Pctures, by distinguished M R, PHLLIPS begs leave'to amrn Uce tha h will SELL bAUCTION, at his great ooms, wewSDLd-Btret THIS DAY. 11, at I precisely. a COLLECTIO- of very raluable modern PICTURES, by the most dina'Ised painters of fhe R-, lish school, many of w-hich have been_ exibiUted eturlag the few past seasons at the tRyal Academy. and others purchased by the prourietor from the artists i inn ofn the old Po h of Ariadae, by D. anlie 5one of his finest works; the Temple of Karah, by D. Roberts, RAL,L -Fruit and Flowrers,an important 'worlk, by Ghrfsjind - Windsor Castle, by Patick asmth, a little gem; and other equally chmrtr wrorks by- CL. Stanfield, TRA., J. Sant P. P. Poole, A.RI.tA. 3. Linnelt J;.R.Pyre GLanes T. S. Cooper, AT.A. F. Goodall, A,R.A.. Grtlnazod FJ.Pikers.-ll,A.Xt, T. Creswick,-teA. .A. Solomon W. MUller - 'W. R FrostY A-ILA. and other equally clerer examples, May be viewed, and catslogusm heA at Xx. Phillips!s -- MR. ALFRED COXo 18thMarch, FUOeRNI,TUrE,:coupri ing ma hoganyctd;.onoes bedteds bcoeddIng wardntnrobe,sdebToad,rets chairs, a6ctable,. Aucttioner' iao,a ces. 64. ~ ~ * Newk: Bodstet and 2,3 Uppe Bake-steet and SOR. raill SELL,'at Sos. 44 auy 94, LVhowersavrs lombton Thursday, ch13.latlar,nr 13. at 12;d comr etherstoves, andrane Lady, hevewe th musing of sale. Catslogueasnd hpreisteasn an oDto and Son , Ande-curt, Throzmotntet damig, Pallace, eiesar-squ o gndthres Fiths,a Furitue, Pan+ort ramws., and othr Effects, P. SANDERSwill SELL by AUCTION, Aplu, u the PePremises. To-morrowd, March 12t, at 2,_ the excellent modern FURNITUbe , seats, crimo.n cushions, pictures, carpets, fixtures, and other effects. lay be Tiewed on 2DMonday and Tuesday prior to sale, and catlogues 1 on the Premises, and at the auetionee'es offios, 4711, Oxford-etreet, Bloomshury. qeTo in anens;ad Woollen' Derapers, Shlkmerers, thoser Sc.89o 8: aZ be iervedtwo das befoe the alw, ndcse may bfter rayS tbe choke Ihn, NVingvltageusIe3,142 a nd 18f itR B TO and CoillSE Lill SELLyby iN'1gAUClON-..at hbirvst Roons, 2.,llradwy Ldaer-hil n, onTuSI aT iirecsely, STrcM of. at1fo l,E eesiod WROOLN BDSII1)8l -'dry BE, DD}NG. cornasrirsig {: cb, thr,eeir peetlsidebos, D crcbn-'i5sd " n sty,mer t;no ande cotto thoiry, &c.: blacknroa,a 5s,a, -.,,,,.,., s tae. chanu' lot. onvie t lo ytil4 whs'ien catalpgue may elt Threlarge tBins tvof rar old PortWn ok3e, -rnaga8 1842.d v an ft4. 1IAgons SL. Bet3 of . PUThmn and t;nder1. SELLady street, To-r o Marsh coth, ct2 .b50odozen POat RT that EIS h ndASlCCtId and benh oud h SRS.cUn to SELLa byyUTOJ <ntol Whate Horbeen Tanu. ane mercharntce bet.ll for12 the porterao fihe yxearsao; andJ } don iet-asm SherwSpiris,n and slezaint ooalu-re dcah, leygsuu aupnd Eimne chrpets,extteudhng ndniaW taoom furituea ceovered. eas moarsocco 2eLaihrs,e Buhote, n;uib$as four-post and Artbernbedsteads, captlhorsehai vm&U wrdrobes, ata ehMiany, tantebat the el ar. 15 La'clnh re usBI oates: actpitone be bdcharb3er domeae 16ehdsuiSite and Ter fsct,lavervs iteneme -tybetu on eTedlaye and pocabaisu hando se, tod.catalousha. in tho Prmseai:aaid - of lethPie aucineelr3' tE.erir48. of I2vvnhbeu'o,, maye bobd a theuona the Slrt, This D,ay. Hotl, LLhnsacsre bysl AU TIN onararY ESsRS. BELAK aE windSEl wil S ELL ye Pre LOng Cwi troferre, a Theov r Mart, THS DAt atl, thUie TWO LESEHOLD HOUSENoIT.I aonSitdg 4, Lan aterrsand mahoalrecpere-rosdtokeewiritoad aied foxa ong e;hatr ad lo round.at tre6ses, ~ ~ ~ a thebe Marts ofd Molig naoe essrs.r Jracolrl vand 12btyror, ros bthys areopandtof theIHauTioes, ar3, Caoderstaireet- shopt, 20 e.no Hrtfhrshir hoged frobe. to .aae erav.3ng room blackon-se hoad frozsr Fu2ituro a4 st-ozectavetCottialfbedPao Almew cowsrthnre,et ofPig nt,e iBoosa Chlfan eid calf, strn,uaendE other gESSRS. PRnE a and CLARK will SELL by IJL bAUCTO,at tNe., Sret. Rohn's-road Brito cery-adnear the Whi ourse Tarch on3ea T a March1t fotil tsar t.ity ordner old theExrutr an f 3 la3 Lne ln,dectae chn3 aDIaWflgr RdtOMe SIITrEtin wEalutItree, ardroes-u2 fu, tr-eed peaestal s idcarpet,tntdin dinin tables, pedsftal bydbear. eain.y chars, ed chais smlen.Isute, mdabogun fouir-pst andke Arat asbedt.ebydS,cftalhoursehaif crtmattrns, and: bead- ding, mahoels anyrpets wardroes, anduk thefrusua lappendagnes oolr th bedna chambers. a m- of, do tequiosites,c and bose arons items. Moa be vewed one dapresi dand mOnving the saley and cata tlogues hd oE tho ptre ie;n o e. P d ,.oricee, Cre,n8.Chanery-l t ane-lionee.:s Pichurstgreebetween Bekenhan arnd hayes bsten-Lhoo Sho tore,i bRob2,rifaHutay. raet Cart, Harness, Eremrs a. Wrt M t ins. L Eons will SELL by O UCTION, o- To tew Piremises andlong ColwinHe ato1-iorrosY. 3arshe tv.altb 12bmoder f PrOoSE:IOLD CURN-T oEIIEomprising Bh erleEnto St6mswc sfnuitetfre,if crhogms froimure co1ered inOs.rowauid4hhbs. cowstreed atir,e t srns-calferserni ceadnedcalf t,e s long uefl dcobn otm furnithress, acstareor ieraoErice mle rd ohymahegronty ofu-1st. raybe patewe two and orter talue,o b and catauees hd ofta bandis, and theperisesfuirtue, uhienetchen seqgbyisit d a apital bay cay'sgae Aortichok I,he andeTaerviatn, -cnausdew e and of dhertnt rnyele,gant poanyeir cbIhamb-rgndsm by -bilt br.toubinn, -Iay SOI nbewn, malchleass r Oricneta. Cia,old PletedWar,ic hvano y Brod-e mESrd s an we th SElL bkay, CTOex, oa thei greatio nroms, 28. ofdhknsg,talae, tloge Thrsay b Marc 12.l at the forlim i,nethe nsive bouIRoNBdT S ant h id BoelDDG, watdrestree w pedst alu d arosds, irst-clast dinin t Ces an t byelitn. bordin,te e ofther sets saber i 8 stuffe-ac thaies, Turkey 'Crpetl(paf. T)ouorrsets o f arcutis bIt bear tbleh, cha-.irman' chir. elps twocrystal garseest, severalt excelntec mabroar tnybfeutost bsin Wopens bodofces,at ba and two dinner reggen seatse ofaschi, chimn hgasss(n i 7ch .n tests er) largrus andf relsrpet,ous,otab ceoanioerprlate eers, ifoi Spaictuires.ahoOn v t dayfd cataou greadi aurntt uofeiest,28ing.tChan ceane. ar ord, gla5es oonica aFocrty-inS, Efeigtday lMi ddlesex. cam sfa PIorSDand anrkoasd w Seinott c ainer btclien ]apd ouet J2s ith wenl-bilcton touSELLhbel AUCtION oin to alrdEblfth To-morrow, s re a and fof oehorsendy fr a a fordvaio 12s tder vta Tu e anewdmoden THeUSstrecaLD Fthe?1leiRud caaomriesin thedelegant coloured statin, eleazdnt sprendin chanerier ; fthe mahognytioneing room furntu.Renctrdi mrcolshe.mhgnyfu-ot steands,and chdembe futue theruituhen Drawisies a cap Sital bay poy,elvegat ponys chie, adoe Piaoforite Orughan i by S Ygt ande doubleadsongl harnss. aynbe iect 5si remoSredoa 2to the ale.. .bycarde onlt hir,e j ois fif.Pry rubr ot-il M R. E. TRILER will SELLbyyAUCTION at, th.heises, Cressee-ar.To-morow TMSarc h,a 1.t genuine OUSEHLD FURNITUIE oomepisn ofdpaibted ain mahogany four-post bedsteada furntucres, hacranwolmt tresses feathr bedsandcbedin. ahog ancy chests.o dchers,n wastirooaSpnismahgan wigedwalnudroe. inn and rot-odrawim 6roo glases,corncesand urtins eigt-dy coc inj lmairogany case sfias end ouces, ruselsand other carpets, a small qan tity o fenderold Port nd Mreells wie andbottle, chin, Colass, kitSyChenad domesticf requiites a wel-bult four-whelphstenwithSwinLgs mcoandydviwe o cusar preceding' 2.the dsale;and catalges hbad o tare. DOgsi n modern Aboe olFurniotue ad raw4ingom Suite% in., velvt an sil damsk. ccoo Pinofote,trgan fDby FSb1taudi5a mRobe1ca,wlut-Ofre CAbintgs,l l andEfet, rMovedr from4a Xiortlle,i hyordr O!he Eecutrs.(L rmMr]Ae, y~odro b ~jR. E. THOMAS WMl SELL l-b UCIN-X.at his GaUlr 38. Leicester-siere,THSDA.Mrh1 ee2 snode HOUSEHoLDo PUIINITUItE, comprsn aLB' i~xr suie i Wlnu-tre,of urtin wih gitcorice, 5 cair, Mon.'ss, and esy cairsen site.bco.card ari fany tales,theifollqrnritr. plae las-bck ndmarletop wlnu teeand tryswo Buker ts canerhrie, avepors, ar o caints aladma oret_spSaD-. Win paten Busslsandothr arpts,brnasandstelsfeder
