LONDON, YBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1856. There seldom was a year when the prospects of the harvest were either more varying or more important than we now find them. About ten weeks ago the indifferent yield of last year, the extraordinary consumption of the war, the fact of large corn-growing districts in the East having been left untiUed, and the backwardnes of the spring, raised the prices of grain to a pitch at least very discouraging to commercial enterprise. Then came several weeks of unusual heat, during which the crops ripened so fast that there arose a new panic ; hands could not be found, railway works were suspended to release labour for the fields, but the farmers would not bid high enough; they trusted to a continuance of the fine weather; and much grain that Might have been got in was allowed to remain on the fields. There was then a sudden change of weather, which told severely on the crops, whether standing or cut. The market rose, and we were threatened with scarcity. We have now had a week of fine drying weather; and each day we read that the Worn-market is c" duU,"' or " drooping," or "heavy," as the gratifying prospect of plenty is usually announced. The clear sky now above our heads certainly seems to promise ample opportunity for saving all that is stil ungarnered, and it will be the fault of the farmer if his rickyard is not at least as well filled as in most former years.. Thus far thlere is no prospect of pricas receding to a point injurious to agricultural interests, but there is little doubt of that plenty which is necessary for the interests of trade and the comfort of the people at large. Such are the fluctuations to which we have been exposed in the brief space of ten weeks. The importance of the question consists in the obvious advantage of what may be called a commercial revival just now. It would on all accounts be a great thing for Europe if the minds of men could be diverted from painful topics, from sores ever ready to break oat anew, and feelings'ever threatened with collision, to the vulgar but more useful rivalry of material enterprise. Railways, steampackets, mines, manufactures, the conflux of traders, the currents of traffic, and even the streams of summer tourists, undoubtedly tend to unity and peace, and slowly but surely conduce to the improvement of manldkd. One of their first conditions is plenty, and that we may novr reasonably expect for one more year. From the Continent the accounts of the harvest are still more favourable. As it was earlier than in this country, it has not suffered to the same extent by the general change of weather three weeks ago. A well-known correspondent, writing from Magdeburg on the 30th ult., and recording his observations on a journey from England, describes the harvest as everywhere much above the average, and, for some hundreds of miles, more abundant than in this country. As this occurs where the proportion of tilage is much larger than -with us, the result is all the more important. There is probably an immense increase upon former years, and of that increase England will have the full advantage. The great fretwork of railways is rapidly pervading and penetrating the whole continent of Europe, and not only the vast plains of Germany and France, but even the valleys of Switzerland are now traversed by the locomotive. The effect upon prices is the same as we have already experienced in this country. Bat a few years ago the most saleable and movable thingswheat, fat beasts, horses, butter, cheese, and eggs -varied considerably in price in districts not very wide apart; and it was usual for families to fix their residence in this neighbourhood or that because, it being thirty or forty miles from a market, the necesaries of life were ridiculously cheap. bleat wasS cheaper by two pence a-pound ;: butter was only half the. price; eOgg were to be hadinincredible abundance, and- poultry at fabulous prices, because the only means of conveying these articlee to the distant market were slow, costly, and precarious. All that is now past. In England, at least, leaving Wales and the Highlands out of the queition, the market is becoming almost uniform, and no one distric-t is at much disadvantage compared with the rest. Railways are doingthe same for theContinent, and prices are consequently often twice whatfthrey were a few years ago. It isso, at least,in all articles of the better quality, for the English will have the best of everything, and appeaf everywhere as therivals of the native consumer. Thus year by year Europe becomes oue vast market, and we recover from those great fluctuations that- but the other day were of frequent occurrence. There are many things to be ecrsidered in compariug the cost of production in countries and populations so different as those enumerated in the letter of our correspondent; and perhaps some of these may escape the notice of the miost vigilant t-ailway traveller. Where labour is cheap it is commonly thought to be so muclh: the less3-aluable; if agriculturid implementa are simple, they may be -so much the Jess capable of heavy work; - and -light carts are ofterL a necessity of bad roads. If there are no trees or hedgerows to obstrucv the rays of the-sun and harbour birds and insects, on the other himna he subdivision ;of property, and the minuteness ofthe patches devoted lo the different cropz; preseilt a1 inmore effectual check to profitable:' cultivaI tion. Throughout great part of Germainy, indeed, therea ~e large -domains, and farms- of I c6rresporiding proportions. -Bu£t woa sre slow-to| blieve that even in thevast plains of central Europe, or the fertile banks of the Elbe, agriculture is under any considerable advantage compared with this country. At all events, we should ike to see the - comparison instituted - by- those who have had the advantage of a resi deice, with nanple lueans of information. Undoubtedly a large proportion of the Continent is cultivated in *a way that would . not answer in this counitry, and that would r-ain both -peasant and proprietor in the end. Nevertheless, in such a year as this -the result is an abundant harvest, not only of grain, but of potatoes, beetroote, and, many. crops little known hez;, and; by all accounts, we are promised an abundance wlhich will tell even on Aiture years. This, too, is plenty after peaee. It comes at a time when labour, money, and enterprise are happily released from the un.productive employments of war. It is-- not Unreasonable to hope that such a prospect, and the undertakings which will invite the co-j operation of different States, will serve to heal sores, to efface painful memories, and even | to soften and humanize the despotisrms now so formidable to the tranquillity of Europe. The [-arts of peace may not always be successful for this 'purpose,' but there is at-least less-risklin them than in the cast of war.
The itu qzotee argument of the Austrian Government press in defending Neapolitan and Austrianl tyranny by an appeal to the Irish grievance shows either an ignorant or a wilful misc6niception of the whole case it has to defend, and of the real charge wnich is brought against these Governments. One; would suppose from this argument that the charge brought against the Neapolitan Government was simply that of absolutism, of unlimited monarchical power; but the charge brought against the Neapolitan and such Governments is not that of absolutism and despotic power simply, but that they are absolute and despotic in an age which is tending in the direction of liberty, and against the wishes and tastes of the educated population under them. There was a time when Ireland was held in servitude by this country, when the greater part of its population was not represented in Parliament, but had to submit to laws in the framing of which they had no share, - and when in almost all respects Ireland was treated as a conquered province. The policy of England, then, towards Ireland, though never nearly equal to Neapolitan or Austrian absolutism, may be said to have been at this time an absolutist policy. And so there was a time when this country was itself under a Government which was despotic, or very nearly so. But no man of sense would ever think of seriously blaming the Goverranent of Ireland or the Government of England of those respective times because it was not a iiberal or a popular Government. The Governments of those times were the natural Governments for the times; they were founded upon and they represented the political principles of those days, which were days when people had no true ideas of liberty and did not understand liberal principles of government. So no one but a political -fanatic would serioously blame the Russian Government now simply because it is despotic; its practical abuses and its official corruptions expose it, indeed, to just censure, bu't not its absolutism simply, and for this reason-that the Russian people ame not at present fit for, and do not desire, any other form of Government. But the Neapolitan Government i is a despotism maintaining itself in the midst and in spite of a rising spirit of liberty in the educated population, which sees the imperfection of such a Government, and positively callsfoi a modification of it, and a change to a more constitutional form of monarchy. And this it is which constitutes the crime of this and such-like Govermments-viz., that they are despotisns i and remain rigidly such when the spirit of the age and the tastes of tae inteUigent part of the population under them are against such a Government, and when, therefore, these Governments cannot be said any longer to represent the political principles of the times, but to go on in defiance of them. And mark the difference of practical temper and policy which naturally follows from such a distinction and accompanies it. A natural despotism, or a Govermnent which. is absolute simply in accordance with the spirit of the age and the mind of the population, is under no necessity to have recourse to acts of violence and cruelty to mainitain its position, because the population naturally submit to it, and do not require coercing. But an unnatural despotism, or a Government which is despotic in spite of the age and the feeling of the people, has to use violence and cruelty, because it has to force the people into obedience. It is at war with the rising spirit of the intelligent classes, which it consequently has to get under in any way it can, by stamping on it or suffocating it. Hence the absolute need for the whole machinery of tyranny-its dungeons, spies, false witnesses, false trials-the necessary instruments of a Government which distrusts, fears, and hates its own subjects, and knows they distrust, fear, and hate it. The immediate consequence of an unnatural position in a Government towards its subjects is mutual enmity, and the immediate consequence of mutual enmity is official cruelty and persecution-that whole state of things that is now going on under the Neapolitan and, we must add, the Austrian Governments. Now, then, that we have stated where the fault of absolutism lies, let us mark the distinction between the conduct of this country and that of some other countries on this head. The English {xovernment of Ireland stands on the same ground with the Austrian and the Neapolitan Govern-r meents of their respective subjects so far as this, that all three Governments were once alike- despotic, a-nd alike naturally and unblamably despotic, simply representing the established political ideasi of the day. Their ground is commoi so far -as absolutism was comparatively innocent; it divides immediately that this absolutism became criminal. England has, step after step, abandoned its absolutist policytowards Ireland exactly as the growth of freedom in the popular mind demanded accommodation. First, all.persecution. of Roman Catholhes:ceased; then, Roman Catholics were admitted to the' franchise; then, they were admitted to the Legislature; - then, they were admitted to office,- and now they are an element in the Administration. All these favourable changeshave taken place exactlg in harmony with theadvance of liberal ideas, and according as the improved spirit of the age suggestedcand called for them. - But wbile the policy - of the - English Government towards Ireland has completely' changed, that of the Neapolitan and Austrian Governments towards their subjects has remained obstiately stationary; and the growth of liberty in: the popular miind, so far from eliciting from. those Governments acts of acocommodation,- haronly extracted the fiercest hostility and a policy of the most obstinate and determined suppression.- These Governments hiave become the more rigidly. absolute the more the temper of the ti'es and thepeople required ,modification, because--they-have simply and in-the firat instance looked upo' all this -riing sense of freedom: as. a foe-which hsa to -bo treateawith the-greater seveny* and forcee the =ore- strength it saquired and the more adv*ice It mad6e -n -the populatio. Had we -ia. 'this c,ountry set oulselves, -AtV the iiritdamand for mnore liberty for frelnd obstinately against alI cha,ne and 'were ireland consequently, instead of having gained successivelv the franehise5 the seat in tlie Legiilature, promotion to office, nd a place in. theAdmninistration, at this3 moment unenfranchised ana uneinancipated; and iniconsequence of its forced servitude rebellious, and ia consequence of its rebellious spirit governedc by official persecution, the gaol, and the halter, should be in a position analogous to the Neapolitan and Austrian one. But as our policy has been exactly -the reverse, our -argumentative position at this. inoment is exactly the opposite of theirs. We have taLen the rising spirit of the: age as our guide, th'ey have treated it as their enemy. And -we have'now, as .a consequence of our policy, in Ireland 'a comparatively tranquil and daily improving country, with anti-Eunglish feelirg vanishing, education growing, crime diminishing-the crHiinal report of 1855 showing a rsduction of-nearly three thou-sand commnittaIs as compared with the number of the year before; while Naples and Austria have to coerce by sheer cruelty and. suppress by the brute force of standing arnies their discontented and rebellious subjects.
Criminal procedure is a broad phrase, which aPplies to every legal step taken between the commission of an offence and the final issue of the 'case; -and in lately remarldng upon the report of MIr. GRAnVS in reference to this vast theme we confinedl -our, attention to that part of it which bears on the subject of public proseeutoes. That is, indeed, the most important part of a most suggestive paper, and it is in this direction that for the 'present _he -greatest improvement in our criminal legislation is to be expected. But the field of inquiry is a much wider one, and includes the apprehension as well as the conviction of the criminal. The most arduous and really important part of a prosecnito9s office is to bring home'guilt to the prsoner, ana begins after his apprehension; but there remains the previous question-how are we to apprehend him most effectually? and to resolve this, showing generally the points in which the mechanism of 'our police is most deficient, the repolr of MIr. GauEAvzs supplies some very useful hints. It is difficult enough, even with a warrant, to arrest an offender. There is an awkward law with regard to magisterial districts, by which the offender, if he gets seven miles beyond the county in which the warrant for his arrest is made out, cannot legally be seiyed vwithout the auithority of another justice. 'This will probably be altered in its own good time, and means be devised by which the warrant of a magistrate shall run in force throughout a much wider district than at present, if not all over England, like the warrant' of a Judge of the Court of Queen's Bench. We are not now referring to difficulties of this kind; however, but to the difficulty of apprehending a criminal without a warrant, and to the inactivity in our legal system which often succeeds the commission of a crime, before it is possible to take out a- warrant. And first of all take a case, the vaguest of all, in which an offence has been committed, but no one accused. There is at present no authority vested in any person to investigate such a case, except in the event of death, when there imnmeiately follows a coroner's inquest. The burning of Covent Garden Theatre supplies an illustration in point. Although we have no reason to say that it was the work of an incentliary, stil at the time suspicions were raised, rumours were afloat, the eircumstances under which the fire took place were not creditable, the injury inflicted was enormous, and the whole affair required investigation. 'Ultimately the coroner of the district instituted an inquiry, but it was some time after the event, and it was by an unusual, although- very proper, stretch of his authority. NTow, it very often happens that in cases of arson and other heinous offences the guilty party can only be detected by a chain of circumstantial evidence, the various links of which are not likely'to be collected except by a public investigation of this kind rapidly following the event; and Mfr. GnBAvEs suggests an alteration of the law which would establish such an inquiry as the rule in all flagrant cases. It is quite clear that the sooner such an investigation ensues the better, even if nothing comes of it; for, while in mauy cases the offenders who are now permitted to escape thnough delay will be brought to justice, the mere fact of an inquiry necessarily following every notable outrage will act as a powerful preventive. But there is another class of cases in which there is some difficulty as to the apprehension of an offender, even if he ie caught in the act. The law is that any person whatzoever-constable or private individual-may, without a warrant, seize and convey before a magistrate any one comnmitting an indictable offence in the night; but thlis privilege does not extend to the day. There is a difference, too, made between a treason or felony and a smisdemeanour. Any-one attempting to commit either of the two former in the daytime may be apprehended by anybody present; but no such rule is applicable to the latter, except in certain cases, such as riots and breaches of the peace. It is suggested that the law which, has been established for the night by Lord GamePELes Act shoulda also be extended to the day, so that in effect every private individual should have at all times the powers of a constable to seize the. offender. How far it is advisable in conferring tbis right to render it a duty is another question. As the law stands, for any one present when a treason or felony is being committed not to arrest the offender is an indictable misdemeanour; so, also, in riots it is the duty of private indiiiduals to interfere in the cause of order; and Mr. GREAvEs proposes to make the duty co-extensive in every case with the right to apprehend persons committing offences. As a matter of theory we quite agree with him, although in practice we suspect. that the stipulation would not be of much avail in spite of any amount of fines. -At least, -it would- not be o£ much avail in the present state of the law with regard to prosiecutions, the burden and the brunt of whica few private individuals will care to accept out of mere patiiotism and admiration'of justice. - The most difficult case of all, however, till remains, and relates to the apprehension without a warrant -of an individual suspected or accused of crime. If the crime was a felony any one may arres the accused, even if he was not present when -the offence was committed; but woe to him who thus arrests the prisoner if ultimately the case should not ba proved. A constabdle is jUtified in acting on probable suspicion, but' private individuals have no such right, and must prove that A felony hls actually been committed. In cases of this kindthe law is naturally jealous of the liberty of the subject, and refuses -to sanction the. apprehensionof any individual.- on vague suspicions; but in some rnupects it appears to be needleasy stringent, as may -be shown by the following example, wTith -which ware furnished by Mr. Gnxavns. A Staffordshire magistrate happened to be waiting on the railway platform at 8tafford wIien a train frof tie north arrived, in& out of it, caine a penget' wb6 went about seeldng to induce the -bstnders to apprehend two persons in the train whom he .d 'ih i felii WI& lan grbbedm of £0ome -rmoney^-.t ja.far- di nt placein the; noatis -Themagistrate deracouple od-policemen to -tlketbeipers6ns thus acused into cuiody They were afterwds' tried 'and convicted but not of felony ; -it ia.of a`iidemeanour the obtining' -money-under false -pretences; which-was indeed: 'tbe :actuii offence.: * "Now), if-tihey hadbeen " acquitted;" says Mr; GZiNS, 'and thema ma =gu itrate had-been a private person, he might :hive -5 'iiad~ dames award&laganst]unsontio ast;ons, " although he had a positive charge of felony ma de: " by the party injured," and not on3mere :uspicion, - The ease is also remarkable as showing the relucD -aiice, of private individiali io .interfere in suclh maters, notwithstanding the urgency _of the appeals to the multitude present. It iS suggested that, probably, the'most 'easy solution of such a - difficulty will be in the first pla3e t relder -the -more serious nmisdenaeanour feloas; and that it is worthy of consideration whether-we ought not to abolish the distinction between the rights of private individuals and peace officers in the apprehension of suspectedfelons. - 'But important as these suggestions are in ielation to the -apprehension of criminals, who does not see that they bear-:with still greater force on the question previously raised as to the appointment of public prosecutors ? Who is-to assist the law in the capture of L;now or suspected criminals if the simple act is to entail we know not what subsequent proceedings e The sentiment of justice is more or less strong in every individual, and would have fair play but for the fear of endless litigation. If, therefore, we are to have the privileges of-a peace officer for the benefit of justice, we also require the protection enjoyed by such: an officer, and the assurance that our labour shall not be in - vain.; 'With that proviso there can bo little - doiubt that these suggestions , for the more certain apprehension of the guilty would be of immense advantage, and there wvould be very little danger that the privileges thus conferred on thie people at large would be abused. There is not mauch danger that Englishmen will rush into knighterrantiy and fight -with every -windmill in their path. _
I WEST COAST OF AFRICA. (BY EZECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) 1-- ; PLY?IIOIJTH, THURSSDy AYrsePoox. The African Steam Navigation Company's mail packet Retriever, Commander A. 3MIaosh, arrived to-day. Her homeward dates are Bonny, July 24; Old Calabar, 25th; Cameroons, 27th; Fernando Po, 30th; Lagos, August 2; Accra, 4th; Cape CoaBt, 6th; Liberia, 10th; Sierra Leone, 13th: Bathurst, 17th; Goree, 18th; Tereriffe, 25th; and Madeira, 27th. She brings 2,090oz. o' golddust, and her cargo includes 206 casks of palm oil, 113 pieces and 2 oases of ivory, 54 bags of cochineal, wax, tobacco, vine, &c. The rains at Sierra Leone have been unprecedentedly heavy, and have had a depressing effect on trade. MIr. Barlow, Queen's Advocate, died there on the 13th of August. The Spanish mission is doing well at Fernanldo Po. Trade is brislk at Cameroons and dull at Old Calabar. It is partially stopped at Bonny, owing to the unwillingness of the natives to receive the price of oil; a quantity lying on the beach at Lagos could not be got off in consequence of the surf. The continuance of the drought at Accra would, it was feared, cause great scarcity of provisions. Since the abolition of the poll-tax peace had prevailed. The Government of Goree continues unpopular, and trading vessels proceeded on to the Dutch settlements to discharge. The ship Elvina Owens arrived at Liberia on the 1Qth of August with 300 emi,rant,s. On the passagge from Savannah 20 died from various causes. The natives are peaceable at Bathurt. In consequence of the recent disturbances in Spain the MIilitia at Teneriffe are disbanded,-a proceeding highly satisfactory to the men. The cholera is disappearing frem M1adeira. 5,000 have fallen victims in a population of 16&000. A Funchal the cases -have been reduced lately to five or six daily. It is severe at Porto Santo, to which place the Retriever, at the request of the Governor, towed a schoonerladen with medical stores. The paddlewheel steam sloop Alecto, 5, CommanderJames Bunt, left FernandoPo onJuly26Gh for St. Paul doe Loando. Commodore Adams, inthe paddlewheel steamship, Scourge, 6, with the brig Ohilder, 12, Commodore Victor G. Hickley, and the screw steam gimvessel Teazer, 2, Comrnodore Walter J. H. Gru'be, and the brigantine Dolphin, 3, Commodore Edmund We'ober, were on the South coast. At Lagos, on August 2, were the steam sloop Plumper, 12, Commodore William H. Haswell; the paddlewheel steam sloop Prometheus, 5, Commodore harles WV. Hope, sailed July 22, for the Windward coast. Off Accra the Retriever passed two steamers, supposed to be the Hecla and the Prometheus; the paddlewheel steanivessel Bloodhound, Lieutenant Commander George B. Williams, had recently returned to Sierra leone from a cruise off' the Rio Pongas, where the paddle steamvessel TMyrmidon, 3, Commodore Edward Shaw, had burnt a large slave schooner, 19th of May, and destroyed a barracoon capable of holding 600 slaves. The paddlewheel steamvessel Firefly, 4, Commodore George F. Day, and the Bloodhound were at Sierra Leone, on the 13th of August. The paddlewheel steamvessel Merlin, 6, Commodore Ceil W. Buckley, sailed same day for Rio Pongas. to relieve the :Myrmidon, which was to proceed to Fernando Po. The French war-steamor Z616 was at Goree, and the United States' frigate Jamestown at Tenerife. The African mail-steamer Candace arrived at Sierra Leone on the 12th of August. A steamer, supposed to be the Niger, was noticed, off Madeira on the night of the 29th -of Agust. Several losses of merchant shipping have occurred on the coast. The bar3 Brisk, of lIondon, was wrecked off Grand Bassa on the 13th of July; crew saved, except. Joseph Ballantyne. The British schooner Teazer was wrecked off Tradetown on the 5th of July; revw saved; and the French ship Cepholide was wrecked at Miellicouri River on the 5th of-Aug-ust; master and part of the crew saved; position of the remainder unk-nown. Some fishing-vessels and boats, with several lives, have been lost near Sierra Leone in conseuence of the severe weather. The coast and the shipping are in a healthy con-, dition. -
,:;: i ' MERlCA. - - - - - l .,~ ~ ~ -: '7 -- ' ' 1, -- 1 - , : <, t! By the United : ia st.hip - Captain Uies, which. arrived off OIWeic.stis norniing withAShe &renchs and Ihgliihrai -c k6f4s to lavre, ie lave dates hnNeWY~ i -the 2d ilt. The Aago brinm 123 puaengee itd mn freight $363,OW in-specie; 500 bs Of ah of and ,,000 bushels of wheat. The Arago, on the 24th lult., in 1t. 40.38, long. -68;45, exchanged signals with the 3remen, hbip Schehler, bound wrest. On -the Slat, in lat. 48 ), long. 25.23, spoke the English bar3c Caroline,: frw Sheppy sisiagd,~ bound wrest, On the: 1st inst.,. int lat. 4-.53, long. 21.03, fell in witha the ship ASmo of ~Glocester, withl her hatches ofil.full of iiater, and abadon.ed. The Royal mail steamer Africa, frominveipool, arrived at New York on the afternoon of the 2Dth ult. From Washington we learn.that the extra sesion of Congress had commenced, m accordance rwith the proclamation of the :Pxesident. After the preliminasy business a message from the 1President was received an read. The.House was unnusually bare, 182 members only being pre sent out of 230 of which the fl:ouse consists. Of the 48 abeentee3 19 are Republicanz- four North Americansof anti-Republicantendencies, sixt NorthernDemocrats in the service of the A dministrtion, and 20 SoulthernDemnocrats, Tfhose, therefore, who w.ere in favour of the suppression of ruffian violence in lKansas bad an advantage of 11 members in consequence of abser.teeism. The Committee of 'Ways and Means .brought in the Army Bill lost at the late session, with the proviso for securing the rights of freedom in Kansas, and it was understood that no other business would be brought before the present meetaing, of Congress. The first test vote gave the Repriblicans 16 majority, which was a good margin for a long contest. The folUowing is a 'ropy of the President's messagL .- - " eflow Citizens oathe Senate and Ioone of Repreeeqtatives,-ln consequence of.the failure of Congress at its recent session to make provision for the support of the army, it Became imperatively incumbent upon. me to eexercse the power whicb the Constitution confers on the Executive for extraordinary occasions, and promptly to convene the two Houses, inorder to afford themaaopporttnii;jo' fecDMiaex. iag a su'bject of such vital interest to the peace afnd welfare of the Union. With the exception of a partial authoriV vested by law iu the Secretary of War to contract for a supply of clothing and. subsistence, the army is wholly depea. ent on the appropriations annually made by -Congres. The omission of Congress to act in this respect refore the ternuination of the fiscal year bhd already caus&l embarrassments to the service, wlhich were overcome only in expectation of appropriations before the close of the present month. If the requLsite funds be not speedily provded; the Executive will no longer be able to furnish fer transportation- the equipments and muiitions which se essential to the effectiveness of a military force in the field. With no provinson for the pay of the troo the contracts -of enlistment would be brok-en, and tbe army must in- effect be disbanded, the consequences of which would be SD disastrons as to demand all possible efforts to uvert the calamity. It is not merely that the -officers and enlisted men of the army are to be thus depiivedof the pay and emolumentsto ,hich they are entitled by standing laws, but that the construction of arms it the public armouries, the repair and construction-of ordnance at the arsenals, and the manufacture of miitary clothing and camp equipage must be discontinued, and the persons connected with this branch of the public sertice thus be deprived suddenly of the employment essential to their subsistence. Nor is it merely the waste consequent on the forced abandonment of tne seaboard fortifications and of the interior nillitary posts and other establishments, and the enormous expense of recruiting ana reorganizing tTie army and again distributing it over the vast regions which it now occupies. These are evils which may, it is true, be repaired hereafter by taxes imposed on the country, but other evils are involved, hcih-no expenditures, however lavish, -could remedy, in comparison with-wvhich iocal and personal injuries or interests sink into insigniianuce. A great pirt of the armv is situate on the remote frontier or in the deserts and mountains of the interior. To discharge laige bodies of men in such places, vitount the means of regaining their homes, and -where few, if any, could obtain sn-snbastence by honest industry, would be to subject thenbto suffering and temptatien, with disregard of justice andright moet derogatory tQ the Government. In the territorie3 of Washington aud Oregon numerous bands of Indisns are-= arms, and are vaginga varof extermioationagainstthowhite inhabitants; and, although ourtroopsareactivelycarryingon the campaign, w e have no intel,ligence as yet of i successul result. On the vesternplains, notivithstandingthe imposingr display of milit.ary force recently made There, and the chastisement indicted on thereboellionlstrihes, others, farfrom being dismayed, havemanifestedhostile intencioas, and been guilty of outrages which, ifnot designedto Dorokes confliet, serve to show that the apprehension of it is insu$icient who'ly to restrain their vicious propensities. A strong force in the State of Tex:s has produced the temporary suspension of hostilities there, but in Teir Mfexico mcessu-nt exertions on the part of the troops are required to keep in chec' the marauding tribes which infest that territory. The hostile Indians have not been removed from the State of Flo. rida, and the withdrawal of the troops therefrom, leaving that object unaccomplished, would be-nost injuriGos to t inhabitants and a breach of the positive engagement of the general Government. *To refuse supplies to the anrmy, therefore, is to cemnel the complete cessation of all its operations, and practical disbandment, and thus to invite hordes of predatory savaesg from the western plains and Rocky Mountains to spread devastation along a frontier of more than 4,090 miles in extent, and to deliver up the sparse population cf a vast tract of country to rapine and murder. Such, in substance, would be the direct and immediate effects of the refusal of Congress, for the firSt time in the histnrv of the Government, to grant supplies, -the inevitable waste of mnillions of pubhc treasure-the infliction of extreme wrong upon all persona connected withthemilit3ry establishment byservioe employment, or contra6ts-the recall of our forces from the field-the fearfu sacrifiueof life, and incalculable destruction of property on the remote frontiers-the striking of our nlational 'dag on the bettlements of the fortresses which de-. fend our maritime cities against foreigAn invasion-the v:.olation of the public honour and good faith, and the discredit of the United Sta'es in the eyes of the civilized world.- " I confidently trust that these considerations, and others appertining to the domestic peace of the country, which cannot fail to suggest themselves to every patriotic mind, will, onreection, be duly appreciated by both Houses of Congress, and induce the enactment of the requisite vIrovisions of lav:for the support of the a 7rmy of The nimted Staties. "FRASXI Tixox "WaAshington, ASug. 2L" The Washington correspondent of the New York Herald, under date Aulgust 22, says . "The prospect for the psasage of the Army Appropriatiun Billis no rsegarded as hopeless, the Republicans having exhibited to-day a stubborn determination to defeat it at all hards. There was no discussion in the house, but the debate in the Senate was highly instructive and impressive. While Senators BIe, Hunter, Cass, sad others deplored the consequences, but thoughtit htter to lose the appropriation and disband the army thanto permit theHouso of Representatives to assume all the leistive pwers of the Government, by forcing upon the Senate independent legislation contrar-y to their judgment and constitutional rights, senators on the other aide of the chamber applauded the House and -urged them to persist in their action, -whether it werer revolutionaryornot. It-nowvremains with the Senate to determiine whawt shall be done. If they sustain Euster's motion to adhere, both ouses Wmill adjournW if not, then the Senate will not agree to adjourn; and thereupon the House will be compelled to go on with the regular order of business, as there isa strong disposition to do on all sides. " General Cass gave it as his deliberats opinion, that the days of the Republic were ntmbered. 1r. Wade, of Ohio, defended the action of the House, and Wa very abusive of thee Executive. The senatewas much divided on a proposition to djourn Vgain tine die. The Holue refused to entertain the proposition." The amount of the appropriations msade at the late sesion of Congress is estimated at $68,60(4000if to this sum is added the $14,000,000 deferred appropriation for the support of the army, an uitho. e total expenditure is exhibited during the session of $82,60,000. Of this ggregate $4200000 was to meet deficiencies iii the appropriation for the fica yesr ending -with June last. The estimate af Secretary Guthrie for. this fiscl year aubiaitted last December, were as follo-w-Reeipts,t$71,50;O,D ; expenditure, $57,451,365 ; excess of rcidpts oyer expenditure. $14,048,635- .But according to appropriations already made there will be expened at least $80.,00,000. _ x5cess .of expn6itdr ver - estimats $22,548,635. - The news from Kansi is exciting. !Thee were reports that half a dozensginuy conflicts ha taken place, in which thle hfstate ippesar to havegainedsome advantage. Thetownof Lecompts was captured on the 20th ult., anad Governoribil:- son and the other State prisoners rescued.- The following telegraphic correspondenoe iu referencea,1t tha affair is publisbed in the New York journals "On the 21st tit., %heet 400 ete nca, n 100 from lane's party, attckd the rls camp a Wa ton Cree, but They r w. TheTwerefiy rleft their previsioe, and -we bumt tr Fort, We to wo prisoner ner by, who Ur the ha hbont 60 men at 2 oclo thi orning. Ourmenmarchd towardalompton, acd at timome ant a ditiUncyhear te booming ofcannon. A Iare empay of tlloqiars Lre the, but vietoryla asur " Govenser Robinson and ihe other:Free-utateprimones have been ree. ShanoL sad the citisns cf Leapto have .fled Shnon refuim to del out the troops -Notia hax bee hard of Smith's moveamaia "It i reper that at the sibt er Osi.watmie the Lecmptou willis. destroyeL d, - . 4"irn -t I, a that apey of Southeru4s I J t two weos for Xasis, were attaked while Oahr [irene )Giiy tF b w l*iod 1 Fre-se~,- wlau a daspera cefict e -- hlDed eeL wuded mm botiL ada T _i naily*Z _cpe to: yied, aad wir "nh Leisep d¶f FKm .TIsIrr, Of tLe 1711L
i MILXTARY -AND NWVAL;,NTALL,GxEOB. t- ' : , I 1 7 _ . ~ i rn consequence of the order which has been given by thhe Secretry os State for Wair teiat t,e whole of -the married i non coammssi:ned officers a,nd private soldie.r- belonging to a egiments and depo,a3 at tlio. Provisional Battaliion, Chit. , ham, hall be sunppied vith separate rooms, idart from the unmarned soldierss some extensive alteration arnd improveIments are in progress at Chatham. -The *hole of the quarters new occupied by the officers belonging to Chatnam Barracks, forming the Terrace, at thePrcksionaltBattlion, aro-to be given up for- the use of the pry-sergeants ad sergeants of the depots at Chatham, each of whom will bo supplied with tTvo rooms. -This aiteration has been made by order of his Royal Highness the Commander-in-Chief, who, on the. occas on of his recent visit to- Chatham, directed that, instead of new -buldings being erected for theniarried non-commissionedofflicers, 'they should take possession of the officers' present quarters, an order having also been given for'the erection of a large'suite of building near the fortifcations at Prince Henry's Bastion, to be occupied exclcLsively by the officers belonging to the Provisional Battalion. - Yesterday morning a large detacluaent of convalescent Crimean invalids, to the number- of 85 non-commissionec officers and men, the whole of whom had been inspected on the previous Friday by a board of commissioners from Chelsea Hospital, left St. Marys Invalid Depbt, Chatham, and proceeded to their respective homes, having been discharged from the service on pensions varying in amount from Is. to 2s. Gd. a-day. A number of hospital orderlies belonging to the Medical Staff Corps have left Chatham, in charge of blind and disabled soldiers, forthe purpose of conducting them to their respective-homes. The 7th Eussars have loeft York for Northampton, their ultimate destination- being the camp at Aldorshott or the barracks at Dorchester. Twenty-nine offlcers aid 872 men of the 77th Regiment arrived on Wednesday iih ingitown by the steam-transport Pacific. Theyhave been quartered for some time past at Aldershott, and will remain for thepresent inthe Richmrond Earracks; The depOts of the 51st and 94th Regiments, consisting respectively of C ofaicers and 324 men, ana 10 ' officers and 428 men, left Dublin for Liverpool on Thursday by the same vesseL Three officers, S'sergeants, and 102 men embarked on Wednesday at the North-wall, Dublin, on boardlthe Royal William for LiverpooL The dep6ts of the 2d and 3d battalion 60th Rifles daly expect to leave Ireland for Jersey. The following movementshave taken place in the camp a' the Cnrragh :--Lieutenant-General Sir Richard and Lady England have arrived at the Carragh, and Major-General Shirlay, who has taken command of the Second Brigade; Major Mann has been appointed his Brigade Major. Colonel Bedford, 60th Rifles, commands the First Brigade until the arrival of Majof-General Gough, from Belfast. Lieutenant-Colonel Morris, 17th lancers, has joined and assumed the duty of Assistant-Adjutant-General. DeputyInspector of Hospitals, Dr. Cruickshank, has been appointed Principal Medical Officer, vice Dr. Clarke, ordered to Dablin. The Rev. Mr. Hudson is appointed Presbyterian Minister here. Major Bewes is appointed Inspector of Musketry. Great attention is paid to this branch of the service; practice goes on from morning till evening. One captain, one subaltern, and 100 of the Scots Greys have arrived. The detachment of artillery has been ordered to Athlone, leaving Captain Parvis in command. L The First Brigade-Ist Royals, 38th, and 56th Regiments; the Second Brigade-lth, 51st, 94th, and 18th are at the Curragh. The follouing appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Captain the Hon. Henry Koppel, to the Raleigh; Lieutenant T. B. Coliinson, to command the Bustard, vice Lieutenant Viscount GCilford; Lieutenant T. C. Bruce, to the Miranda; Lieutenant J. of. G Godenoorhg ieatenant Viscount Gilford, Lieutenant his Serene Ainoess Princa Victor of Hohenlohe, and Lieutenant J. S. Guraham, to the raleigh; John Hayden, Midshipman, to the Conflict - . f Mijendie, naval Cadet, to the Cressy; and Daniei h o's. Jago, haster, to the Raleigh. The Wtasp, 13bgun screw steam aloop, Commander Stiring, left Sheerness on Wednesday last, at 10 s.m., on a trial trip, under the superintendence of Mr. George Blaxiand, civil engineer, of the dockyard here. After proceedcing a short distance it was fonlod that steam could net be procured to bring the engines up near her proper 7aximumh, for want of sufficient draught in themgineroomandstokeholes. Throughout the day's trial they could not procure more tban 4a1b. p essure, giving a speed of 4 knots and 3siths. Theronly alternative now left (as proposed by M. Blax!nnd) is to lengt.hen the funnel, and introduce blast locks in the stokeholo to increase tho draught in the funnel. Eer engines worked most satisfactorily when there was steam enough generated to keep them in oation. The i urotas steam-frigate,onher way toEngland put into Gibraltar on-the 2fth of August for coals, and was to sail for Portsmouth on the 26th. S'ne has been obliged to depend on her sails for the most part, on account of the leaky state of the boiler. There was a good deal of fever onboard when she first entered the Mediterranean, but o she is no quito healthy. | The screw steamship Sanspareill 70, Captan smley C. Key, was placed in dock at Dvevnport on Monday. The crew of theiron screw steam storeship Himalayad Captain Benjamin P. Priest, were paid ov at Dvevnport on MSonday. She is to be recommissioned. The dis.Manttling of the screw steam-frigate Lifey, 51 and the screw steam-corvette Satellite, 21, was commenvod at Dveonport on Wednesday. The Warrior convict-ship, at Woolwich, having been found in an extreme state of decayf, it has been jhdged desirable to commence forthwith the removal of a portion of the inmates. Major Stewart, of the 92d Highlanders, who has received the appointment of Deputy Governor of the consolidated establishment at Chatham. wiill assuome the duties of his post on the 15th inst., andwvll onothat day proceed, in charge of 100 convicts from the Warrior, to the newly erected prison at Chatham. No further change will takte plac until tae r st of October, when, most probably, a g,reater number will be transferred. The removrl of the invalias will not take place for the present. The governor end the chaplain will continue to coccupy the Warrior until the final arrangements are completed, Thae coLlective numnber on board the hulks Is at present 668, namely-the Warrior, 353; and the Defence, 315. Captain Buller is constituted governor of the new establishment, -with a salary (according to t;he official estinate) of SOOf. per annum, to be annually - increased 151. Lieatenant Byrne, governor of th6 Defence, and Captain Keyte, the deputy, have received an announcement that their services will not be required after the dissolution of the establishment at Woolwich. Anumber of the warders wi retire on the superannuation list. The Rev. ME. Marsh chaplain of the Warrior, is to be retained for the establish meat at Chatham, and will be essisted in his duties by a second clergyman, who is t4 join on the 15th inst. from Da-mouth, A number of free labourers have been hired to replace the convicts in the dockyard. Eer Maiesty's ship Raleigh, .50-gu sailing-frigate, was commissioned yesterday, at Portsmouth, by Captain the HOn. H. Kzppel, C.B., to carry his broad pendant to the East India and China station.
TBE s.-SouTus'ro, Sept. 4.-ThoPeninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Indus, Captain Brooks, sailed this afternoon for Gibraltar, alta, and Alexandria, with the India, China, and Mediterranean mails, 120 pawsengers, 838,117. in specie, of which 818,3171. is for India and China, and the remainder for Aloxandria, and a ful general cargo Amongthe passengersare Deputy Commissary-Generaltawrence, Commander Jolliffe, Masjor Vaughan, Captains Bcrton, Dunsterhelm and Haste, and Lieutenants Harris and Craster. The Sultan Captain Coole, is preparing to convey the next outward ieninsu1ar mails on the 7tk inst. TheAden, Captain Weeks, with the next mailt from the Peniinsular ports, is expected about the 13th inst. The Alhambra, Captain j. KI Joy, is appointed to leve on,the 10th inst. for M1at and Alexandria, for the pr;se of conveing the surplus cargo remaining from the regular mnl pacniet. WGe understaedthai it is the incent tionpofsthe eninsulh c andi Oriental CompanE to deEpatch an e-tra boat regularly every mont3. The Rtoyl mail teamsHGip .Jons,Capt Rvett, will convey the next Brao ziian and Biver Plate mails on the 9th insft The Zot o.Cthe SConcil o lONDg N.-t t the monthly general meeting, held yesterd at the societys house in Hanover-square, MIr. John Gould, 3F.R.S., nocepar gift,nare achaill, cesin f. ln.iprncis, Wn bylis, w. det. thebs J. oneas nnd B. Leadheater were elected Fellows of the mociety; and Professor Bush, .R.S., and MSr. J. Bitt were p,roposed as candidates for the Fellowship. The retort oftthe Council containeda long list of donations to thalibrary cas well as to the einaeie.. Among the lattergfts are a collection of animals oresented by the Chief Justice of londuras, who has recently arrived in this country. The report also recorded the most important and beautiful accession which h6a been mAde for a long time, in three adult Honduras turkeys, which, havng been offered to Her Maesty the Queen b Mfrs. Stevenson,. wife of the- Ba. tish supe intendent at Belize, h.ve been graciouslypre. sented by Her Majesty to the Zoological Society. As these magnificent biWil.ear beginning to recover from the effects of the voyage there is every reason to believe that the species maybe nltimately acelimated in Europe. The Society are greatly indebted to Mr.,G. U. Slinner, through whm s3ill and c-are these excessively interesting birds were mfely conveyedfronr America, and to Captain Wilon, of the Roal mail tamer Pgrana, for: the assistaues with which ho secondedlr. Skinnoes attentious tbiousghout the voyage. The report fnrther stAted thxt tie numberf -Tois tots to the gardens up to thrpreeent time lbad a ouned to 1 266,49.2, hem aiumerses of ne;aly 20,0W over tho pZeeod. i fl 7 5.- - - :
-NW T,.X t-HALL BMINGHA, - - - 11vO ou 0 -Ol EPORTE1B.)- 1 .-, BINGHA , SPT. 4 There cannot, we think, be a greater er,-or than to imaginethattheestablishmentof the newhall isdesined to exercise a prejudicial influeucee i1iretly or indirectly, on the intoreats of the great festival for which Birmingham ij juttly renowned. The contrary is much more likely to be the case, since the wider a taste for good mnusic is spread the larger will be the number of amateurs aive to.such attractizs a& are pw.sented at the triennial gatherings in the Town hall; wit which, moreover, nothing set on foot bythe maagers of the younger establishmentcan ever be expected to comipete. On the otner hand,. should a choral society be attaehed to the newr Music-hall, andtrained assiduously by.a competent pirofessor, it would serve as a valuable local reinforcement when the festival came round. So far as we cana understand the matter, there is no reason whatever-for the spirit of Jealousy said, to exist-we are unaware with how Much truth-amoong the committee of the General Hospital and of the festival, with reference to the!Music-hall in Broad-street. Ihe feeling of these gentIemen-if what wro are told is geDuine-in some measuro resembles that of the dog in the manger. They cannot-or they will not, it matters littlo-satisfy the musicalwants of the Bi -ing-ham population, and yet object to its being done by others. This is, to say the least, selfish and egotistical. If there were any well-founded dread of opposition, the festiral committee would then have some excuse in their solicitude for 'the prosperity of .thc. hospital, the affairs of which they superintend, and in their very -natural pride as directors of the grandest music-meeting in Europe. But tfiere is' really nothing to anticipate of the sort, nor any reason whythe.prosecution of music, both as a private* study and a public entertainment, should not be -carried on simultaneously' in Broad-street and at the Tow-1. hall.. There is ample room iaiBirminghla 3for both insta tutions, together with a public ablo and willing to support them';, aad surely :every-inhabitant of this town ought to combine a more than ordinary degree of satisfaction with the nmowledge that, while in the 'metropolis the numerous' loversiof sacred music must,: in order to gratify their taste, undergo the risk of suffocation within the limits of Exeter-hall, Birminghaim possesses two spendid and commodious edifices where performances of oratorios may ho enjoyed at ease and out of danger. The question of right is another matter. The committeo of the new Music-hall have just as much ri47lit to invite the people of Warwickshire and the counties adjacent to their concerts as the comniittee of the Triennial Festival; and, so longas they are'disposeato ivail themselves of their undoubted privilege for the advance. menu of art and the benefit of the public, every impartial person will heartily wish them success. And, even if nothing else results from this fresh proof of enterprise on tle part of a company of gentlemen-who consider that music is not merely an art worth cultivating on its own account, but that it is good, wherever practicable, to inocalate the masses with a love of it-the possession of a new and spacious hall, a new organ of the finest quality,' and, so' to say, v new institution for the teaching and pric. tice of the art, is something to boast of. What the people of BirminghamgeneraUy think of the matter may be seen in an extract from a local paper which we subjoin. The style of this is tolerably magniloquent, and the exposition of how the outer world is presumed to contemplate Birmingham, from a musical point of view, a trifle over.. done; nevertheless, it ilIustrates a point that we aredesirous of explaining:- "However profitable or otherwvise the new Music-hall may be to the spirited projectors and shareholders, there can be no matter of doubt that its erection will be of signal advantage to music in Birmingham, supposing, as we have every reason to do, from the earnestness with which the undertaking has been carried out, that tho directirs conduct their proceedings with due liberality, taste, and jdgment. It is notorious to a proverb, that in Birmingham, where nearly every, second man or woman is an amateur or a lover of music, where festivals are held which have obtained a celebrity all the world ovor, there is no general organiization of the musical profession, no continnous, combined culture of the art, no systematic performance to which the musical public can look forward with as much certainty as to theatrical representations. In every third year we have a feast of the fiLest Idnd, distinguished at ornce for the grandeur of its proportions anid for the novelty and excellenco of its constituent parts. Onr faime has gone out to the ends of the earth, and people believe, and are justified in believing, that Birmingham iS a nursery of the art; that it isto music what Rome was to painting; that it is, as it were, saturated with a love of the ivine art; that our Triennial Festival is the periodical expression of deep and fervent admiration, excited by familiarity with music in its finest forms during the intervals of these great Saturnalia. Need we say to Birmingham people how mistaken this notion is? How sparingly we are fed and nourished with good things in the intervals of these festivals ? How, as compared with Manchester and Liverpool, our concerth are fe-w in number and poor in quality ? nd that, as the miserable result of all thiP, we have not even an orchestra fit -to undertake any performance that requires the excellence which is attaiM ble bysystematicand combined practice." The now hall being now a fact, however, if a local orchestra (as well as a local chorus) can be grafted upon it, so as to render Birmingham in a less degre dependent upon London whenever there happens to be anything of magnitude and importance on the tapis, a step twill have been accomplished which even Manchester and Liverpool can only be said to have resolved upon-since tho orchestras of the Concert-hall at the one and thoPhilha3inonic Society at the other are but nediocre, even now. The first miscellaneous concert, yesterday evening, drow a larger audience to the new hallthan was assembled in the morning. The interior of the building looks beautiful vwhen lighted up, although tho lighting-especially in the or. chestra, which presented rather a gloomy aspect than otherwise-must be condemned as inefficient. The hell would bear almost as much light again, without seriously inconveniencing the ventilation; and then the medieval decorations, the perforated scroll-work, which. gives so airy and effective an appearance to the galleries, the ricbly designed and ornamented ceiling, and the elaborately painted case of the new organ, would be revealed in all their beauty. The programme of the ire; concert contained some good things, but was not exactly what might have been expected to celebrate an event of such interest. The orchestral performances were really fiart-rate; and perhaps on no previous occasionhas the first symphony of Beethoven been performed with more admirable precision and delicacy under Mr. Alfred Mellon's direction. The overtures to GuiAaumne TeZ and Era Diawlo were equally effective; and the former being vociferouly encored, the last movement was repeated. 'hat was said yesterday about the new organ was fully jestified by theperfomnance of Mr. Simms (organist of St. :l'ilip's Church); but tho piece selected by that gentle. man to display its capabilities-" Grand PFan&asia, by Hermann Berens' (organist in Stockholm)-was neither gcand nor fanciful, but simply dull-dreary and long as music in the abstract, and as organ music by no means well azdapted for the instrument. The only other instrmental pcfHormance was a solo on the flute, with orchestal accom. piniments (Marie Stuart), composed and executed 'with wonderful cleverness by Mr. P. S. Pratten (member of the Orchestral Union), who was greatly applauded. The rest of the concert embraced a large variety of pieces, sung by adame Clara Novello, Miss Dolby, Mr. Sims DReves, Mr. and Madame (why Madame?) Weis. Among the rest w-ere several' bilads, not precisely of tho best, altlough one of them-" The Captivo of Agincourt," by Mr. Macfaren-s honourably disfngeshed. from the oithers, both by the graco of its melody and the finish, comhined with simplicity, of its accompaniments, and was so charmingly sung by Madame Novello that the audienco rodemanded it unanimously. A similar honour was conferred upon another ballad, which was wholly and solely attributable to the expressive manner in wlhch it was given by Z. Sims Reeves, since as musia it'was worthless Mr. Weiss more wisely selected the fine air iL 1a Vendettx,' from Mozart's Figaro, which he sang m*st ably; and no one could blame "Madame" Weiss for seecting her husband'sl protty song "Let me beiear thee," andainging it, as she did, very prettily. The'qiarttsfrom ioleo and Oberon, bolh excellent specimens of their widelydifferent schoolss, ooldd hardly. have- been' intrusted o --more competent artists than - Madams- Nor2Ol, rM 'Dolby, . si Sims Rieeves, and Mr. Weiss, who at thesme time Seemed to enterwith heartier ieadinesa into tJhe spirit of " Over the dark blue- waters t1han into that of the clever if lirogito of Sig. Verdi, chosen minstrelof "Young I1taly." The duet between the heroine and her lover, from: Doezet's Linda di Ghcoun4, by Madame Novell and nMr. Sims Reeves, obtaind greait favour and deserved it; buit Bishop's fie glea, " Blow gentle gales," could scarcely havo goene worse. 'As Mr. Thomas, the baw, was put down in the programme for a tenor part in the -glee (which is for five voices), iL is due to this young and promising emger to Istato that ho took no part in the performance, which -s univer. ualy condned. The arstic singing of Miss Dolby, in a Contrako air from Donizetti's Pia di To?omei was more to be commended than her choice of the muic, which is among the feeblest eforts of ita compoer. To coueludej we maut reitert our opinon that this concert was unworthy-of the occion;, the performances of the band almost alone redeeming it from the charge of being triHT and commonu EliVah was given tO.day, and attrctd abot as full an audience a that of yesterday, but no' follor. If the rder an imagine a ery fine performance- of 4this reat mast. -piec, c ;af les chnces," s our neighbours say, lke ilh bave somenotiohofthetruth. Anything moreperfectthan tse orchestralaeoompaniments we. do not remembe; nor coul a better executi-eofEths solo -vocsl -paris, the singe beingthesam-eas in the Mesaiah, haye been tooked for under any crcumstance. ' But Mr, Alfrd X94ot 'was sadly trammelled by his choru. and compelled to tAke. tbe 0majorty of the choruses sloyrer than -wa iixtendec by .the ScompoWer, in order to avoid breking do6wn-whic,h evyn .witi indispensable precaution, but for the ine e and unserving firmness of the cnd otor, Would in all pro*babilityave more than once been the case. When the solo singers and the bad aon wre eg d- the perfo ce. wa literlyfaultless. One of thse most difflcult pieces in Zijah is the double quaret, "FDr He slie-giv Ha -angels charge." Thiais rarely sung in SO correct a wsyas entirely-to satify the critical ear, but on the present occasion (when the fLveprincioalSingerL;whohavebeenW'namid, wiereassciasted-by Mrs. BQII, a local professor, Messrs. Montem Smith aud Weiss) it ~s boyond reproach. Your pieces weire encored and repeated in the sec6nd part-the air, "Hear-ye, uIsrael,".:r rather the aWyro, "Be not afraid" (by Madame No*eUlo); the uaiccompanied trio, 'Lift thine eyes to the -mountanis" (Madame NQvelI, Madame Weiss, and Miss De-by); "0 rest in the Lord". (Miss Dolby); and "`Then shall the righteous shine forth" (Mr. Sims Reeves), al -of 'which 'were sung and accompanied in a - style that set criticism at defiance. - Thesoencorea, however, unadvisable, if niot aSsurd, under any circumstxnces (why not redemand a speech in one of Shakspeare's play? ?), are especiaUy so in cases wheie the genseial audience are'permitted no choice in the matter. One of the-p%trons of the inauguration-festival is Sir 2eter Van Notten Pole, High Sherlff of the county, 'who, seated. with his party in the middle of the- gallery-stalls, exactly-facing the orchestra, takes upon himself the -initiative, -and 'whene'ver he, - or one: of his immediate circle, is desirous - of having a piec- repeated, makes a sign from his- place to that effect, creless whether the ma30iity of the asenmbly, 'who also pay for their tickets, are' favourable or tho reverse. In the instance of Adame -Ndvello's air the effect was ridiculous. - The movement rith 'which it terminates leads through a -tranition into tha chorus, "Be not afraid," to which, indeed, it forms the introduction; and before .- Mellon, the conductor,-whose back was, of course, turied- to the high Sheriff, vKasapPrised of tho -Whae oE thMi distinguished individual, the -chbrus had already-coinmenced. The-singe s-were inter. - rupted -however, kbut not until tley- had 'got a long way 'on, and not -without considei%ble difficulty, mny peisisting wlhile others had ceased. Thus one of the f inest passages in BNii,al we turned into an iareverefit-bur. lesque. The eoplanation is easy. No one ever yet dreamed oi encoring ssch a song as "HIear ye,-Israel,"-not only because of its extreme length and difficulty, but because, as we have hinted; it is so closelyunited with the succeeding chorus that the whole may be considered as one great piece. The demand was,. consequently, unanticipated; and band, chorus, and conductor continuel their functions for some - time, in defianco of the gesticclalions of the -High Sheriff. Any gne to. whom the manners - and customs of festivals, and the patrons of festivals, has been unlnmown, might have given a- very mistaken inter pretation to this incident. Seeing a-gentleman get up from the midst of a large assembly, while the full harmony of voices and instruments was in play, wiiat would be more natural-for srachan uninitiatea person than to conclude that it was either some one gi;-en to preaching and inspiredwitha sudden desire to hold forth in denunciation of music and its tendencies, or some one of questionable intellect acting irinoherently in contempt of the crovwd ? lleally it is time to relinquish privileges so illogically founded, or at any zate to uso themin such a fashion that they may neither injure the cffect of the periormance nor give umbrage to the body of the audience. The second and last miscellaneous concert to-night will bring the " inauguration" to a close.
IRELAND. (CBom O0 0-'i cmmspolmmA DUBIN, THURSDAY MiqoRNMG. THE DUBLIN CIDMAN BANQUET. The managing commiittee are making energetic exertions to render this ovation worthy of the occaSion. Circulaxs have been despatched to abnost everyr influential person in Ireland, with a viewr of obtaining sapport and pecuniary assistance. The generalmeeting is to be held on lMonday in the Round-room of the M4ansion-house, Tand a large attendanee is confidently exped.L There am, it is calculated, about 4,000 soldiers on the Irish establiabient in possession of the Crimean medal, but of these it is estimated about 2,000, or one-half only, would be enabled to assemble in Dublin, and, calculating the expense of each mn at 5s.-the same sum as was allowed in London for the Gnards-SOOl. would cover theactual expense of the dining part of the programme, aund an additional 1001. or so ought, surely, to cover the contingencies incident to the occasion. It would be strange, indeed, 'if in this the land of tributes and testimonials enthusissm rightly directed .failed in the effort to raise this insignificant sum towards a demonstration at which men of all creeds and perdkies ight for once mingle together without an apparent chance of discord. TEE HABVES., I The following is extracted fr6m the monthly agri cultural report of the Derry JournaZ, and applies to the state and prospects of the harvest in the norihwestern counties generally:- "The harvest is now sufficiently advanced to give a pretty correct notion of the produce of the cereal croms. lVheat will be sadly deficient in the northern eounties. The nearer it a proachedto maturity the more apparent be. came the blighting effects which the moist atmosphere of the past summer had upon it. It may be safely stated that the 80,000 additionalacres which his Excellency the LordTLieutenant recently stated to be under thi czop in Ireland, as comipared with last year, wil not brng uptzhe produce of iheat to the superabundance of that season. Thefew samples which have appeared in the markets look very ill, and the crop is universallyspoken of as wanting a third of an average yield. Oats, ontle other hand, were never better, both m quantity and quality ; and from the high price which they command, and the fact that this is the staple grain crop in Ulster, the farmers will, int all probability, have another profitable season from their cornfields. Potatoes will fall very short of last year's produce. The growth has ceased at too early a stage, fiothat,even takin g it for. grnted that those now in the ground wrill keep good, rwhich is still very .loubtEul, we should wrant a third or a fourth of last year's qunantity. There were, howrever, more potatoes produced in 1855 in the north of Ireland than were repwired for the legitimate use to vhich they are nsnally daplied; and lt e queantities wrere consumed by cattle in the spring of this year. A s usual at this season, varioua opinions have been epri-essed during the last twvo or three wreeks respecting - tem; but. judging of the effects of the disease this year, and from the coulrse it has taken in other seasons, we beHieve the crop will be likely-to turn out equal to that of 1852, 153, or 1854, zbt very much less than the crop of 1855, In the counties of Derry and Donegal there is no great want of hands for harvest vwork, nor are the wages so very high as they are stated to be in some other parts of the kingdom. There is, ho-wever, ample employment, and a fair day's pay for a fair day's work." FATAL ACC v. The linierick Chronicle of yesterday announces the death by drowning of Mr. James Barry, of RockfLeld, a magistrate of the county, and one of the largest land agents in the south of Ireland. As far as is known, the unfortunate gentleman met his death in this way:- "At 2 o'clock to-day (Wednesday) Constable O'Brien, of the Henry-street police-station, was astrolling on duty on the Steamboat quay, and his attention was called by a little boy to a body- floating in the water. The lead. -hnd uapper ;part of the shoulder -were merey visible.- The conftable got a boat, and had the body takentip. From its personal ap_earance it could scarcely have been recognized, but documents found in his possession identified it as the cold clay in which the warm soul and generous nature of James Barry once had life. A poketbook was found with him, containing a check for a argeamount and some letters from the Earl of Denraven and Mr.3Monsell. Apurse,cont inAng some silver, and his -watch were found in hia pockets. ln iries having been instituted, it was ascertained that abou= o'clock last night he was seenwalking in George-street. Afterdinnerhehad left his residence in Mallow-stieet to go to the Foynes all-l Way station, to ascertain at whathour the-trn would start this morning. As al our city zeaderslcowr, uselli'-qnay projectsa considerable distance -out into the river beyond' thotherquayg. It is supposed that hr,Barry w *walking along this qzay, and, not perceiving its terminatiotn, s his - iision was very defectivy, fell; in. ' The- tchman in: the emploY of Mr.'.T,. Donnell, timber merchant, says that about this plce, between the hours of 9 and 10 o'clock. last night. he beard a splash in the water. On going over to the edge of the qusy he could perceive norfig save a black mass, as the nghtwasvery-ALrk. Hieheardno scream, and cried out, 'If you are a Christian, come roniid heretothacorner,' at which place there was a l3Ader. Therewas 310 respoDsegiven, anucthewatchmanthen fancied it might have been a dog. He, howrever, went into his: - watch-house, and returned with a sweeping brub,' but -oh wi return all wsas silent, nothing was seen, for the blue' -wters of the Shrnon,nlad closed over theohead of the bene.- volent Jame Barry. lfr. Brry was only int the prinie ofr lif about 50 yeaaof age and hs'hasleft a wife and six' childre. Mr. Barry held the flowig e xtenuivveand vilu-' able land agencies, andiaz beloved hy the various tenantries over whom he was plaoed:-The Earl of Dunraven, the Right Hon. WViliamn Monsell, the Ven. Archdeaon Gold, Mr. Augustus Stafford, 3LP., and Mr. Stafford OBrien, of Blathervycke-park." 2- . THE FUNDS. Three aer Cent. Consols, 949; ditto,for aecont, Sea . tember 1M, 9i ! jj; ditto, for newaocoiunt, % 95 9D; Xei Thre,e per Vent. Stock, 94i ; ditto, for accoun* Bepfember 32, u ; HIibbrnian Bank of Irelad 251p.i, $id Royal Bank of Irand IW. a)j, 22; Ci f ])b S-tap.oket Shar of :, (504 paid), 3 -n'- Ca. vaony of lr;la (71. "aid); for account , sl owl lowr (101. puid) 6~ ; Great Sothern W&bkk (504] ps@, ei -div.- Irish- Sohth Eatei12I: psId). 7l; aiWesrotWpern anrd Eyalanal- <aip-d),'55k; Waterfcrd sad Limericik (50?. paid) 243. . :- . J
FOREIa2H JWiTELMENCE D . . I FAN1W I-I pnoron of the follovin appeared in 6ur seconi idiioin of yefnerdav :-i ; (FRo2x u OUR ovmOiRReONW T'S.) -,: PARIS, WSDNrSnAy, 61m The only polit-ical question thaQ just now excites a slight, interest here, and is the subject of some conjecture and conversation, is that of Naple%, concerning which various rumours have, vithin the last two or three days, been current. The report of an intention of sending,a. few men-ofwar to the Bay of Naples ia unfounded,. or at least -wholly premature; but it is thought lezs improbable that England and France may come to a resolution of withdrawing their diplomatic representatives. It is not easy to see what they would gbai by this measure, or to believe that it .would have the effect of inducing the King of Naples seriou.sy to incline his ear to theremonatrance that have been addressed to him. On the other hand, it would ill become the dignity of twro great Powers to make such a demonstration. unless they -were prepared, in the event of its proving fraitless, to follow it up by others more cogent. The Italian question is certainly the puade of the day. Friendly with Austria, jarring with Naples,- we cannot press upon the latter without endangering, .or at least annoying, the former. Any substantial reforms conceded by Kingg Ferdinand -would have a perflous echo in Austrian Italy, and it cannot be expected that Austria will sincerely aid usain urging such. The last man from theEast, Major-General Storks, has paszed through Paris, homeward-bound. General Storks was long in command of the dep5t at Sotatri, including our troop, hospitals, and. stations at 3lulee, the Dardanelles, Sea of fMarmora, Smyrna, Ac., and, although his duty did not, I believe, takeo him to the Crimea, few officers of his rankwho served. in the late war had a more laborious task to fulfil, especially durin, last winter, whean ,o000 or 15,000 men were assembled in the depdt under his orders. The indefatigable energy and activity he invariably displayed, and especially in his nreparationa for the reception of tho large body ofcavnlry sent down from the Crimea on the approach of the bad season, in the suppression of -drunkenneas at Scut3ri, and in his promnpt and efficacious meassures when cholera broke out among the Germans, fully confirmed the reputation he alrady enjoyed as a most efficient and hardworking oficer. Letters have been received here to-day from Greytown, mentioning the sudden appearance there of a complete British squadron, consisting of 1 2 ships of the lme. The news seems to be causing guite a sensation this afternoon, and Ipresume we shall have it at full length in to-morrow's papers. It 7ill, doubtless, prove to be a mistake, or we should have had telegraphic intelligence of it from England. I observe by the English papers received yesterday that nine men-of-war, of different classes, were lying, at Greytown, but that no particular importance is attached to the fact. "1 The Emperor and Empress," says the Messager of Bayonne,- "Embarked on Saturday morning in a small boat, and although the sea was rather roughvwenton boardthePelican which ws under way in the offing, awaiting the arrival of their Majesties. Tne Emperor caused the steamer to ran along the shore as close as possible from Biarritz to St. Jean de Luz, and crossed the barof Bayonne at about 5 o'clock in the afternoon. The Pelican, under the pilotage of an old fisherman of the place, who had been recommended to the notice of the Emperor as being acquainted with every part of the coast, passed over the bar in perfect safety, and running alongside the Quai des AU1e3 Marines, their Majesties were enabled to land without difficulty just opposite the place where the carriages were in waiting ta convey them to the Vila Eug6nie. On Sunday the Emneror and Empress attended Divine service at the new church, and did not afterwards leave the villa. After dinner there was a reception and soirie dansante. In addition to the company alreadymentioned as having thehonour to attend at the weekly receptions, there were presenit on Sunday General Rippert and Mme. Rippert ; Baron Vigent, French Consclat San Sebastian; ML Olozaga, ex-Spanish Ambassador at Paris; and Mh Pacheco, Spanish Charg6 d'Affaires at London." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " MARSEILLES, SssPT. 2. "Letters from Athens of the 26thult. assert that perfect tranquillity regns in that city, and add that the Greek Government has ordered the draining of several lakes, as well as other public works. "According to the Monniteur Gr, French vine-growers have been engaged to form model establishments, destined to wine-making, in order to procure a greater extension for the vinous productions of the country. " SEPT. 2, EVMNeG. "Ths Intendance of the French army at Constantinople has effected very considerable saLs of stores, and has also cancelled contracts which it had entered into for a supply of flour. " AL Blanchot will embark on board the Victor Emmae nuel steamer. "Mehemet Kepresli Pasha will arrive at Moscow two days before the coronation of the Emperor. "The garrisons of BEsria and Albania are about to be reinforced in order to keep the Montenegrins in check. "LIL Bach, a member of the Austrian Cabinet, is now at Cattaro, for the purpose of giving pacific advice to Prince Danielo. "The contemplated campaign of the Russians against the Cirasians is indefinitely postponed. " Leters from Broussa of the 20th of August state that the silk crop having partially failed. t' e price of that article has risen considerably. The vines have been attacked with tbe oidiun, but the crops of corn and olives have been gosd." Admiral Hamelin, Minister of Marine, has addressed the following circular to the maritime prefects, the governors of the colonies, Aoc:. " Gentlemen,-In consequence of a first communication, conveyed in rather vague terms, and made by LieutenantColonal Claremont, Commissary of the English Government, I had announced on the 15th of Merch and 12th of April last that the medal instituted by Her Majesty the Queen of England would be granted to al the officers and seamen belonging to ships of the State which had served in the Black Sea or the Sea of Azoff at the period of the landing of the allied armies in the Crimea and subsequently. It appears from more explicit indications, supplied on the 10th of May last by Lientenant-Colonel Claremont, that the English Government only grants the commemorative medal in question to those who took part in engagements or actlsl militry operations, from the landing of the army in the Crimea until the capture of SebastopoL Those restrictive conditions should necessarily be extended to the Versonnd of the French navy. Such was the object and spirit of the circular of the 24th of June, 1856, thu different clauses of which are in every respect conformable to the rules adopted by the English Government for the concession of the medal to British seamen. I was anxious to giveyou t!!ese explanations, in order to prevent the applications that might be made by officers and seamnen who formed part of the Black Sea fleet, but who do not possess the qualifications mentioned by theBritish Commissary. " Pars, July 29, 1856." The steam frigates Christophe Colomb, Ordnoque, Panama, and Ullon, and the steam de3pateh boat Ajacolo, hadnot beeni included amongthe ship5 of war the crewsO of wvhich were entitled to th e lEnglish medal. The Minitder, however, having ascertained that they participated in mos of the military operations of the wiar, and that on the 17th of October the four frigates towed as many chips of the line under the Russian batteries, and were struck themislves 7with Russian projectiles, has decided that their names should be added to the list accompanying hi_ circular of the 24th of June, 1856. We road in the Cosr,-ie- de Marseille of the 2d inst.:- "Contrary winds impeded the arrival of grain during -the lnstweele of Augst. The quantity imported during the mouth amounted to about 1,100,000 hectolitres. Since our l2st rets (23d nit.) our port has received 70 vesselb, CaryiDg together 280,000 hectolitres of grain. We hav now little toeXpectfbomnapICs,Vhich has oalysentnI six caigoes PrxsmBarletta andfredonia,consis~of 26,237hectolitres. The ports of the Sea of Asoff have contributed the most largely to our importation. Berdian-k, Xarioupol, and Taganrog hazve forwarded to us 18 vessels, aden,. with 82/fl10 hectolitres of hard wheat, which is much inquired after in our markiet. The arrivals from Odessa have comim*latively progresed. They figtre in our returns for 12 car-goes, amounting to 52,C00 hectolitres of Poland wheat. From the Danubes we have a fair supply. 15 vessaels comir fromm Brailorw, Galats, and Suoina, have' bron:ht 7za G3,000 hecklitres. one-half of which consists of Indman corn. We have received from European Turkeyfiva veSSe7S, with 2,000 hectfffites. A single vssel froni Alexandria imported 4,200 hectolitre3, and another fromn - orocco 3,200 more. Seven vessels, coming from Medi. terran-an and Atlantic ports, have reached, With-20000 hectolitrcs of barley, rye, and oats. Finally, we have to record only five small cargoes, or 6,030 beolitrew, from our African colony. This scanty supply from that quarter must apear extraordinary in our mark.et, where the produce of Algeria is now perrewt!?. well kinow. It -erely proceeds froma calcuation made byF the Algeiian growers, who, well avmre of the' deficiency of the 4rops in Europe, imagine that the East, and particularly. ussia, beingexhaustedby awarrof severalyearsduration, cacinot meet the demands of the West. Hence the eaggeatid pretensions of the natives, whe prices areas hihiaszthose of our mnarket. This, however, cannot last long. When the Arabs hear of the:immense quantity of grain wre are now dragwing from theBlackSea, th4y w4ill in their own interest,: sell their produce to tha mother country on-reasonable The Three per cents. closed to-day at 70 So.-for. the end of the month; Orleatns PWAway shares, , 1,360f.; Great Northern, 1,017f. Woc.; Strasburg,, i 925f.; new shares, 8401.; Paris and Lyonas, 1,340.; Lyons to the Medi'grrane-, 1,750f.; Western of France, 945f.;- ordeaux and Cette, 752f. S06.; Great Central of France, 670f.; Lyons and GenevN, 790f. * Bank of CrGdit Mobilier, 1,627f. 50c.; A'-u trian i2ilways, 872f. 5Oc. Cour- Ad-P , Sept. 3.-Cah P -' Four-and--alf per Ceent-_ 90; ditto (not reimburble for 10 years), 9Df 941. 99 0O; Fourer Cents, 82f. Three er Centsp -70f. 40c. 45D -dItto of WS(76, per cent. paid), 701 4Sc.; ditto riicates g70 per cent.1 paid), 70f. 46c.; Bank Actions, 4,150f.; Credit.Foneier; 6D5f.- ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f. I diBto Whree per Cents., 400£.; ditto Tentbs, For per Cents., 90f.; ditto Three per Gcnts., 801.; Crdit obilier, 1,630f. 1,62Z£ O; D:scont Bank, 7001. 695f.; Piedmontes Five per Cents, 92-.. ~0. 25c.; ditto Three per Centsi, 561.; I Belgian Loan, 1852, 994; llentes de Naples (Rothschild.'s), i13 25; Romans, 88. Exchange on London, at sdght, money, 25£. 27ic.; tbniemnonths, money. 25f. - MAISElLE-S, SEsr. 2. The screw steamer Danube arrived this morning. Shbe brought mails from Constantinlople of the 25th nit., (tallipoli 26th, Athens 27th, Syra 28th; and Messina S0th. She had 115 passengers.. Th]e steam corvette Berthollet and the~trarnsp6rt Duance had arrivedrao Constanople, bngiDg 1,500 soldiers and a vast quantity of military stores. The English steamers Columbian and Cosmopolitan have likewise aved om Constantinople with stores for the Frenchb Govern- ment, together with the American clipper Cham-I p ion. Eleven transports arrived yesterday from 13amiesoh lden with Iniiitary stores, nd -28 merchant vessels from the Bl1ack Sea laden with wheat. The master of the transport Zaleta,vho arrived bere yesterday from Porquerolles, states that the hospital establishment in that island is quite brok-en up. HTe brought the last of the stores remaining there. I,160 men of the 41st anld 56th regiments have left in the steam frigate Asmod6e for Aliers. The twfo ports of Mfarseilles are crowded with ship ping, and there are more than 100 vessels at thie quarantine groiund of the FriouL A branch line from the Maiseilles Railway, to connect Aix, the ancient capital of Provence, with the Mlediterranean, was opened with great pomp on Sunday last. This railway will confer a great benefit on the population of Marseilles, as the assizes are held at Air, and the Marseillais summoned to attend as jurors lost a great deal of valuable time going backwards and forwards in a slow diligence. The Prefect, the Mayor, the General commanding the department, and the few who received invitations, left Marseilles at 8 in the morning, and arrived at Aix at five minutes past 9. The road crosses the river Are six times, and passes through a highly cultivated country. On the arival of the train at Aix the travellers were received by the Mayor and the local authorities, with the garrison under arms. The 1aUyor of Aix read a long address, which was replied to by Count Simeon, who represented the directors of the railway. The Archbishop of Aix, attended by his clergy, then came forward bO bless the works, and in the course of his address observed,-that many opinions had been expressed with respect to railways. Scientific men saw in them the triumph of genius; politicians a new pledge of peace and concordamong nations; manufacturers a safer and quicker mode of disposing of their produce; poitical economists a means of raising aU nations to an equal degree of prosperity; philosophers a powerful and rapid medium for the propagation of beneficent ideas. "W Ne, the clergy," added the archbishop, "trust that railways will lend their wings to propagate the goszpl, and will diffuse the admirable light of faith among people still enveloped in the shades of death." He concluded by invoking the blessing of heaven on the new railway, An excellent breakfast was provided for the com pany at Roquefavour, at which Count Simeon presided. Trade is dull in Marseilles, and sales are with difEl. culty effected. 70,000 hectolitres of wheat wore received from the Black Sea last week, and still prices are ffian. Taganrog is quoted at from' 26f. 50c. to 27f. 50c. the hectolitre; Polish, 25f. to 25f. 50c.; and Egyptian, 20f. to 20f 50c. In sugar there is little doing. There were only 200 hogsheads sold last week at the bonded stores. Prices quoted are 42f. the 50 ilogrammes. The arrivals during the week amount to 8,987 hog2heads. There is no change in the price of spirits of wine. Languedoc is quoted at from 175f. to 18Sf. the hectoLitre, accordinsto quality. Raw silk arrives in very smzall quantities, and is immediately bonglit up. A cargo of olive oil from Mogador was sold at 119f. 55c. the hectolitre. P.S. 'Wheat has fallen to-day if. the hectolitre. TUTREY. (Fmost Oun OWN coarzro.NDEIr.) CONSTANTOPLE. AUG. 25. The diplomatic relations between Turkey and Russia have been renewed. On Saturday last M. de Boutenieff came down from his Palace at Bujukdere to the Porte, and paid his visits to the Minis. ters, beginning with Fuad Pasha, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, to whom he gave a copy of his credentials aswell as of the notification of the Emperor Alexnder's accession, of which he was the bearer. It is a sincular coincidence that the new Russian MIinister had thus to renew relations with the Ottoman Government through the medium of the very person whom Prince Menschikoff slighted on his arrival, and whom he thus forced to resign. As becomeadiplomatists, the interviewwasvery friendly, political subjects being, as if by common accord, avoided, except in a sing,le -instance, when 3f. de Bontenieff thanked Fuad Pasha for the indulgence shown to Russian merchants during the late lamentable events. To-day the Russian Mnister is to receive an audience from the Sultan and to present his credentials. Mehemet Kepresli Pasha kept to the day fixed for ais departare, and left this on Thursday last for Odessa. No fresh news has arrived from the Serpents' Island, but I have heard some further details abou, the late attempt made by the Russians to introduce an additional force on to the island. There seems to be no doubt that had it not been for the precautions taken by Lord Lyons and the presence and enercgetic advice of Captain Hillyar of the Gladiator, they would have been succesfuL- As usual, the Russians made a very good choice of the official charged with this- delicate mission. M6 Botianoff, or ralner B&tiano, is a Wallachian by birth, w.ho has been[employed for years by the RuLsian Government, and charged with the directtion of a kind of. poitical police on the mouths of the Danube. He was, therefore, well acquaintedl with the scene on which he was to act and iad given repeatedly proofs of his resources tn getting up complications, and allaying them again, accordnug to the convenience of the moment. The way in which he acted, in the present instance showed, likewise, that he was not very scrupulous about the means which he used for his purposes. He announced to the Tuidsh Cormmander, on his arrival, that .he had orders to remove the TUrks with-the consent of the Tarldsh authorities, according, to an agreement accepted by the Turlish Government. His assertions were so positive that it is more than probable the Turldsh Commander would have yielded had not Captain tIllyar, according to his instructions, energetically interposed.- I told Von in my last howr he succeeded. lkewise,in foilng the attempt made by M. 'ZL lSoiano, after his failure at thie Srpents' Island, to overreach the Turldsh authorities at Sulina. Two more of our gunboats have gone up' to istrnthen the hands of Captain Hillyar.. TIhear,the axptal the only. Frenclh man-of-war here. besides the depatch boat Ajaccio also expects orders to go up in a few days .to the Black.Sea. - *No news from Admiral Stewart and the Hanniba2.' Colonel GIeales, the British Commssioner wih tley Turkish army at Erzeroum,4 who arived' th6 day biefore7yest.erday byXtli merchant steaer. 13roie3ss Tecco, left her at Trebizonlde. Colonel Geales is' said to bring accounrts of the evaciation of Kir b;y tlhe RuWW=as`bUt this new's seems- to be based rather on suppotion, than on any positive fact,'- a ColoneI Geiles' did not go to Ears kin. self, and, inded, must have' left Erzoum. befofe the newscould have arrived there. At any ratd up 'to yesterday no official niewa reached the Porte. The'accounts about the amount of damage done by 'the Russians to the fortifications of.'Kars -are: so contradicto'ry that it will be difficult to arrive t any conclusion before-the place has been given over. - 1 heard'that:the'version given bytwoIrrenchofficers who had been maldng a tour in that part,, ancd found opportunities not only to Visit everything in Ears but likewise Gumri and Teflis, is that the -Russians blev up a mangazino in the citadel, and that the explosion brought down a.part of the wall. The amountof damage done,whateverit maybe is ii, ' itself immaterial. It is the fact of any damage being done at all which cannot be excused, and the smaller the damage is the-nore significant becomesthe fact. What we know of this affair seems to indicate tiat the intention-of the Russias in meddling with the fortfications of. Ears was to impress the people of the country with the idea that they had acquired the right to deal with the part they occupied "ately as they-pleased, autd4hat they-were, in fact, masters of the counttry. --- Th nolicyon the part; of Russia is so much the more Laimientable aince the Tarks seem not to understand the full importance oa it on the spirit of the ignorant and credulous populations of Asia, and,ia - stead of trying to counteract it, play, as it were, into the hands of Russia. An order has been issued-to the Governors to make the nomadic EKurdish tribes settle down in villages.. As is usual with all raeasures taken bythe Turkish Govemment, there canbe theoretically io -objection to convert a nomadic tribe into an agricultural population. On the contrary, it would beD under existing circumstances, animmtense boon to tne country for these nomad tribes are the curse of the trraveller antd of the peacefol asoicultrists in tnose parts by their exactions and l&hway robberies. But to what will it amount practicaXi? Probably to another Kurdish war 1 -have -haa- several times occasion to make an; allusion to the false olicy pursued 'by the lTurkish Government with respect to the urd. -The intentionof the Government has been (sincethe new reforms) to subject all these triber to the i'imediate control of the central Government. In order to accomplish this object they endeavoured to break down the old tribe and clan connexion wlhich formed the basis of their political organization. The old hereditary Derebeys irere removed and Turldsh officials appointedin their places as Moodir anid lamaans. There may be a difference of opintion wvhether it was the best way of increasing the resources of- the -Government by breaking lthus the spirit of a warlike race, whch eould have supplied, under proper management, thousands. of excellent irregular troops ; but, there can be only one opinion about the impolicy of undertaking a; change which the Government could not carry out, and the result has shown hitherto that they were not able to do what they intended, and thuis they made things worse than they were before. Formerly the Dere Beys hadaufficient control over their tribes and districts to keep them in order, and the Govern-- ment had likowis5e a hold on the Derebeys, who, being rivals, rather coveted the support of the Government. Now the Government by trying to substitute their own men for the hereditary chiefs,. weakened the power of the latter so much, that, with few exceptions, very little remains of it; but the Govermuent did not succeed in getting the tribes themselves into their power. They are now virtually independent, plundernng and levying taxes on the'rr own account, and carrying on a kind of guerilla warfare against the TSCrkdsh authorities, in which they are, moreover, encouraged by their former -hereditary chiefs. Russia, who kmows how to take advantage of this impolicy of her adversary, flatters as much as possible the Kurdish chiefs who are settled in her dominions, leaving them as much freedom of action as is compatible with the general security of the country, and thus she not only had thousands of theseirregularswhowere the veryhorsemen who kept up the blockade of Kars, but her judicious policy with respect to the Kurds in her own domninions wins for her everv day the sympathies of the large Kurdish tribes under. Tu=rkish rule. They brought. in large supplies for her armies during the Last war, they were her best spies, and had the war gone on it is more than probable that they would have joined her ranks in considerable number. The sympathies and antipathies of such savages asthe Kurds are-not to be altogether overlooked, for it must be remembered that their tribes estend in - a broad girdle -to the south of Erzerodum, from Persia up to the Taurus chain, without interruptilon. PeoDle arrived from the Persian frontier report a 'complete failure of crops in all the districts which have been lately the seat of. war in Asia. The failure is attributed to the want of rain. The Turkish Government is just now very bu.y getting out of the embarrassments which P?rince Ghika, the late Hopodar of Moldaivia, left as a legacy of his administration. I told you that th's gentlenan when he saw that his; was a hopeless ca-e threw himself into the arms of Young Moldavia, and encouraged in every way the agitation got up in favour of the union. To facilitate this movement, and in order to acquire popularity, he decreed of his own free will ful liberty of the press for Moldavia, without even notifying his zitentions in this respect to the Porte. Nobody can tell what will be the future organization of the Principalitias, but everybody knows, or ought lo, know, that the present is such that no organic law could have vigour without the confirmation of the Porte. The Principalities, according to, the, organic statr.te, have the right of making their laws, but they must be approved. by the Ottoman Government. There can be, therefore, no doubt that Prince Ghika had no right whatever to make such a vital change at the; end of his reign. The Turkish Government intends, therefore, to pu in its veto, and to recognize this concession aslitt'e as that granted by the same Prince Ghika to Cap-, tain Magnan for the exclusive navigation of the Pruth and Sereth. The French Ambassador has, however, taken up both cases, while the Austrian Internuncio supports the Turkish Govermnent in its originalintention.; so the latter is placed in an awkward position, for it; mulst displease either one c r the other p~art'y. of the as, with al their a- The romantic ideas ofteEs,vtha-hi s cessories of dangerouls harem intrigues, poisonings, sewing-up in bags, &c.,havebeenconsiiderably shaken -by the realities of war; but -at the end of it it scewa that smal traitsof- Eatern romance are on the point of reviving. About a- month aao a Greek musician of Therapia, who, together with his sister.o, had been in the habit of exhibiting at- the Palace, especially at a certain kiosk on the top of the hil', inhabited by one of the favourites, was fired at in broad daylight by a Croatian in the so-called Cafe de Belle Vue, on the Grand Champ. Althoughl numbers of pveople were present and r<an after the' perpetrator,- he contrived to psoape over the side * f the rugged- hill and to disappearhaving, however, succeeded in frig~hten in the Greek musician to suchan extent that ho embarked the same evening on board aFrench steamer forFrance. On Wednesday lat an analogous affair occurred, only withe more tragical oonclusion.- A young Armenian, wno used to be often seen in, the samae quarters as thq musician, was assailed in the evening,% while walking home to Ortakoi by three Croats,-ana stabbed'from; behind. He has since died of his wounds. Abu Mutalib,'the deposed Scherif -of Mec ,l who had been'takien prisoner.- -after -his dl- feat and exiled to Salonica, has been recalled, and has received permission to inhabit his house at1 Constantinople. -lie haid been living before h'se nommaiton (which took place about four years agoS) at Constantinople, where he came after havnr beri drivenfrom Mecca by Mehemet Ai. lIe contrivcd to make friends among the great, and was appointed to his former post; inthe beginning of tis year. h was augan superseded by- the very 'man wb,6om Mehemet Ali put-in his stead; he revolted -ind was exiled, and now he is again free. - - - AUSTRIA. A. letter ftrom -Yienna, in the Cologne - Gzette; says : "The military measures- that our Govermment istaldig in Italy, and which do not merely.'con-stin placing the 5th corps of the army on a war footing, have giVen a fresh ima pulse to the1hostile sentiments of Sardinia towards Austii4t It is stated that the Sardiianariy is to be increased, ina -that Count Cavour hba alread- addiesi6d, a .note totb9 Sardinian. Ministers at foreign Co irts- in which hedeelarei that this neasure has been .adopt4d solely in conseeuene6 ot 'the-policy of;Austnisj aind intimates prettyclearly thatiht .wiUi not tolerata:vurelyAustnintervnfain,Italy: § The Enciendpa-ioav of-Brussels contains the foLl6wing description of thoe new law ~whichl-is beieig jhe'. Iparedtfor thecinmuniaI organization of the Austrian empire:- "The law bis-'tol, :'pud&bl to the whole of the moe nadlj,wlrth theexicetionof the nilitary frontiers and the .Lombardo-Venetian, hngdom. ThO conimnes will notbo ;sal&jected' to the absolute influence of the great labded pra*prietors, but .illi have the right of -electing their msyort, deputy. mayor and muoncipAl councillors. As to the' complete emancipatiou f- the pxeasnts it remains a fait acqli tThe provin6ial deputations wrill hold an annual sessiol, bhu 'their committees *il be lermznen.L The Erperor reservestb 'himself the right, wheL circumstances mayiequire it, of a- ,&snmbling all the representativesof the monarchy, and of call. .ing together tho ordinaigy fiembers of the provincial deputa4tions. - These provkbial deputatioen will be composed,'-not *of all the nobles invirtue of thbir rank, but only-of thowe who ire larde proprietors; :and their nomination willarise less from: -theixr quality of nobility thia from the fat of theirbeing landowne Landodproprietors who are-rot -nobles may forur -part of the came. provincial deputations. The members of tha high clergy will not figure in provincial -rspresentatiors except as owners of land. An exeeptiorL is. ansade in favour.of .delegates from the Chambers of Conimerce and Manufactures." ,- - * -The Jozrmu -ce7 Franqfomt continues to receive; -diplomatice communications from Vienna on the' aafiirs of Naples. A letter of the 28th ult. says:- "Several journals have stated that France and Englanidhave presented an uttimofum to the Neapolitan Cabinet, tlhe -rejection of which would compel a recourse to arms. No fone here ihas any: knowledge of sclh a proceeding having 'taken place, and as to the. employment of force, it' irould be a very dangerous Drecedent to compel an jade.- -pendent monarch to make modifications in the laws. -and internl rogulations .of his go7ermnent. It may be: *with certainty admitteo. that, even were France and Eag. 'land determined, urnder eortain circumstances,to adopt coer-: -eye measures zagnist the King of the Two Sic1ies they would before resorting to that extremity endeavour to bring. * the existing differences to a.n amicable understanding by the intervention of a friendly Power. The efforts of Austria to induce the King of the Two Sicilies to consider the demand. of the Western Powers less in the poDnt of vieW of prin. ciples than of practice are of quite a confidential charac6ter, 'and in rio way bear that of a mediation in the true sense of :the wordY PRUSSIA. (FROYN: OURS OWN COBmoND2xT. . . : BERLIN, SiPr. 2. In the absence of any eventQ of- absolutely Euro. pean importance likely to take place in this capital of Prussia, the Berlin world wil, iall probability, be amplyinterested.by:a variety of trials, which will come on in this month and the next, sprmingig out 'of that prolific source of mandal, the thefts committed on General Gerlach and the Cabiuetsrath - Niebuhr last summer, and consisting of confidential. -correBpondeuce between members of the Court. .The first. of.these trials will, in all probability, boe 'that. of the man Techen, who himself abstracted and caused others to abstract papers in the; :possession of the - two abovenamed gentlemen, -for the.purpose of -copying them and communicating their contents to third parties. This of itself - .if it went no further, would constitute no offence -namenable to the 'criminal code, and consequently the . two livery servants who for the most part com- nitted the thefts, and whose culpability is not proved to have extended further, have long ago been released from confinement; but the '1st clause of the Criminal Code -threatens any one with the House of Correction for from five to 20 years " who intentionally communicates -to' any foreign Government, or makes known publicly, State secrets, or plans of: fortifications, or any such documents or intelligence as he must know the' weal of the - State require3 s.hould be kept from.the knowledge of any foreign Government ;". and the fact that- Techen is to be tried for treason by the. - Staatsgerichtshof-a special Court for State' trials-shows that he is to be tried, in virtue of this 'clause, for having., disposed of certain intelli- gence he thus obtained to one of the foreign Embassies in, this town.. Such private correspondence as was' betrayed only to Prtssian officials will not form any of the subject matter of the ensuing prosecution ; it has, however, aready furnished ample, materials for private scandal sand, for another trial which 'I shall have to men-1 tion subseqttently; but tv!e further' revelations of Techen's 'negotiations with the foreign Ambassador or with some member of his Embassy are looked forward to with considerable interest by the -Ber]iners. The agent whom.Techen used as his go-between with the foreign Embassy here, while he himself remained, in-Potsdam, .was a man named Hassenkrug,, who so'fa; wormed himself into the gOod graces of the Freneh Eimbassy that he was fuaished with the means, of going-froni here to Paris, with a ,view to' hisfurther services there. Ie, however, in .an evil hour-accepted a retaining fee from theRus-' sian Embassy to spy and report thence to the Russian Embassylhere. TheoFrench police, however. dis-covered that Hassenlrug had two strings to his bow, and so fat disapproved his tactics that the Government quietlyvshipped hia off for Cayenne, HRis; werebots ;a for a long time a matt4r of douzbt andanystery, but a letter received within the' last few .days -by'his wrife ere, addressed to her ' from that place,. put that subjecl beyond a douibt. 'It would seem, from t.his that he had succeeded in "getting to the, knowIedge of certain matters which it would be. unpleasant to that Governmenr to have published, and they have consequently provided' him' with a passage free to Cayenne, :and, further, bqard and lodging there, rather 'than irn the, chance of his -divulging them in 7 Europe.' . 'One, of the many 'papers abstractied from the 'possession of -General Gerlach -was a letter wiitten to him by a mauvafs suiel - named- - Lindenberg 'containing a report -of the Prince of Prussia's 'aayin-g. and doings while on' a tour of military inspection in Westphalia, couched in highly repre' hensible -tersii, -disirespectful, libellous, and calumnious; this letter w&ill now also form the subject of a pros0cution for libel against this man Lindenberg, and the trial itself comes on in Potsdam within the next few week;s. XuBt, unfortunately for the - ends' of justice, the -only corptts delicti that- can be now produced is not the ,biiginal letter,' nor 'even a first copy, but the copy of a copy, the -writer 'of' the original naturally enough denies 'the correctness of the copy, a-nd the receiver -'of it "canot recollect" hat the exact tenouir 6f the originail may have- been. In connexion 'with- this -libellous letter, which was act-ually stolen by Techen himself out of the desk-of 7General GerlXch, there will be aniother trial in- Ilhe Jmiddle of next month, that of Herr Seifforth, amember of the 1House- of Deputies, and high in office at Potsdam. In. the defence which he drew up at the 'end of last ye r,in-aiiswer to achatge of complicity. in -Techen's proediugs, he admitted havino seen '-a copy of such document in Techen's hands,: and he 'is nowchalged 'vithrhaving "put up" Techen 't'o -'abstract the :'document itself *for the purpose of takang a-copy of it.:'- As -Herr Seifforth has applied; --to b-e reinstated'inhis-office, froni which he has been -uspended bv6r sificn the cbarge was raised: against him, andam tlre Eouse of Deputies, of 'whi^h ha is a -member, ivill'm6et ao'an in November, -his trial bgy a Court bf" Discipline will: 'certainly'take plice! in the cours6'of: next mionth, soas to settle theq :questionJixforethd^vcommencement of the sssion. Or the melancholy affair of the Hinckeldey duel1 ,there're'mains. --ow 'bit: one matter .of pblihc cSuriosity-va.,; " a trial instituted by the ptesenq. .-director 'of the crinvinal police against a newspaperI .correspondent f6r astatevmntmade'by him, refleit' ! in'"on-the cosduct of the plice official, in the exor"- oise of-has duty,.in takini into custody the survivor .of shah melanoly duel; and tlso aguanst the editor! * of the paper-the; manz.n LIindenb'erg 'mentionet -,above-for"qaublication of the same.' ThiS "trial I-was. fIxed to TcomeL.off :on, the 4th. inst..; bua iu donsequnce' of the - absence of a nuumber'ot i-the 'wituses-from- town, nmore -particularly-:gf the present_. pesidents of. police, the trial has beeri obliged to -be pstponed&for thepresent. . Yesterdiy was the anniv-ersaly'-of-Hinckeldey'- birthday, aut wheni his farnily ivent,out to the' burialground tha .enclose -his- tomb,z'they foimd the latter covere ~with clipplets and garlands and Allisorts oqf floweiaii laid there by many 'nameless hands -that- have np 1?yet found tiameto forget their benefactor. The suib. gaeruptioas aisediby the-eiti.z~natowa;rds Ifund, ±o thetsupport .of .is -farily amount to about 301,0 thalers, but may 'be looked on as closed now. - i -:The moieBesittpigei a caundae in-this otherwyss unm,anijisul, m:ore atthi r e lituz Trlos0 Schnsa of hYe' &ert ff9&g f the C0ou7t of i!cckienb#r,, had-managed to bnur .since tihey rgre. -lt paid ofE for him, was nabout Thef a a1-1foi ofa aler h e urofor the uoa o settling .hi bairshas succeeded inl buymg up all the bills .he had set iafoat, and which had been bought iip~by .usiirers at aboutt 55 *er cent[ of their nominal amount, by r-paying th& parties the _purchase ,oneyia of the bils, and adding i douceurof about 100 thalers, or more, as a-i., satisfaction for.the loss of. the enormous gaw they reckoned upon mnaking. -The rascality wh which the uer have gone to work of late with the spendth Iyoung CGuerdmen of -,this -plce is of x E=igly refined.nature; knowing tha such daehinyoung blades thinklittleof dioumgbi1lsanl letting tradesmen go-whoop for their money, they |make it a sine 4u4 non of their tracEons, that I eve officer -who "doee" a-billntbenhll plege gohis word of honour thsit the billishalbe eventually paid. -With this collateral secuit they run very little risk of not gaining their ends sooner or later, either at the hands of the debtor himself or' his relations, his failure to redeem his. word' of honour entailing with it the necemiti# of leaving the armiy. - Thi, too, is the last coi- IuiSory gument for Duke Wilhelm of Meciden- ghaiWng been compelled to leave the-P I I army. The last that the papers -have mentioned of him was, that he hiid arrived in Copenhagen, --nd intended to pass on. -thence to Rusia, anl endeavour to take xnilitary. service there-if evein in some obsc-ure garrisori town. TH.E BALTIC. . (rnox oun owE conutpoxDxmr.) HAM:BURG, Smrr. L' The intelligence that has recently reached this city of the arival of the steamiship b;elonging to the Hamburg and New York Steam Navigat.onJ Coripany called the Borasnia at the port of New York in 13 days ana 16 hours Ifrom Cux-: haven, has caused a vast deal of satisfaction to the -mercantile community in general, and is considered; one of the quickestvoyages.on record. As the; average of the riai betweei /-Liverpool and Neri! York is about 12 to 13 days, this success from Can-; bhaven -to that plaee is -thought a feat to boast of by thepeople of Haimburg. The second steamer of tie same line, the Hammonia, sails hence to-day, and intends doing her best to accomplish the run. in the same time; bets to a considerable amount. are pending thereon. The Hereditary Grand Duk-e of Tuscany passed through this place vesterday on his way to Dresden, i from Cologne and Hanover. -'SPAI, Our accounts from Madrid are of the 30th ilt. l'he ball given the night before by the Queen on ithe occasion of the marriage of the lnfanta Amalia with the Prince of Bavaria was very brilant. The high dignitaries of the State, the whole Corps Diplomatique,- and a great number of personages i belonging to the different political parties, assisted Iat t. "I General O'Donnell," says the Epo, cremained the whole night by the Queen's side, receiving, as well as h; Rios Eosas, and the other Ministers, numerous marks of sympathy from all the poEitical men present at the balL" The Prince and Princess of Bavaria left on the -30th for La Granja and Segovia. They were to re- turn from there to Madrid, and take their departure for Germany on the 0th inst. The Queen had conferred the cordon of the Royal order of the Noble Ladies of Maria Luisa on Donna Maria Ana Isabel de Affaburg, Countess of Galen. The cholera had com2pletely ceased at Madrid, and a few cases only occurred mn the provinces. The .poca states that the war steamer Hernan Cortes had been ordered to cruise between Malaga and the Spanih possessions in Afrlca. The. Marquis of Albaida had landed at Vigo, from a steamer of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, accompanied by an officer of the civil gnard.
THE PBNDISULAR mATS. [The following appeamed n our second edition of yes|-rda :-] SOUTHAMPTON, TaufvA' Mor-G. IBy the Peninslar and Oriental Company's screw steamer Ava, CaptainL Field, wfith the India, China, |and Mediterraean mails, we have dates from Aleiandria, Auguast 21st; Malta, 25th; and Gibraltar, The Ava brings 88 passengers, among whomni is, R.ICE. Prince Adalbert of Prnssia,froGmGibraIltar; and a, good cargo, consis;ing of elephants' teeth, gum, mother-of-pearl, wool, wheat, .c. On the 29i, the Ava came in collision vith the brig Blanche, of Teignmouth, off Tafifa, damnaging the rigging of the brig, and carrying away one of the starboard quarter-boats of the Ava. The British transport brig :British Lion, 56 days from Balalclavn with Government stores, for Dept- ford, sailed-from Gibraltar on the 28th nit.I The transports Tudor, MIaritius, and Thomson Hankey, Jun., arrived at Gibraltar, from Malta, on The Bri9tih steamer Andes, five days and a half from liverpooL, arrived the same day. Lieut. Richard Wilson, of the 2d York EMitia, died at Gibraltar on the 28th ult.
STIREZNDIARY BISHOPS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ThbIES. Sir,-V111 any.one inform us why the dignity of bishops should be considered Urnished by their becomring Etipendiaries wnen the Sovereign has long been in that predicament-the Crown lands-having been given up for the Civil List? The real raotive for wishing bishops to retain the management of estates of which they are not to appropriate the full profits can only be ihat some such results should be repeated as we have. aiready seen in the imedifecz case of the Bishop ofD=Imm. I I T. H.
I- T2HE MOBLrY OF HA aBUARG. -TO THE; EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your paer of the 26th of August I read a letter. hieaded" Hintto Lr.labouchere,"from anative of Ham' burg, in which he very: properly complains "thatto his no small surprise and. disgust: gambling is openly tolerated] 'in Ieligoland" (an English possesson), and is thankful that such a sin,- xespectmIgwhich "the whole civiized worldi unites in one verdict of reprobation, has been for anumber. of years prohibited-inHaminbag." - TI am gad:tha the citg of Hamburg is so sensitiiv to fin, and as the rays.of the. sim radiating on the surface purify: and improve -the vegetable kingdom, -so I trust that an: appeal to the publidty of the columns of `7wC Times may! also purify the disguscing immorality existing in Hambug.' I have been al over my own country, I have known Londonat all hours of .then ight,.and I have beeninrxost of thel cities-of-Europe;: and -I-do not hesitate to say th.t such al disgraceful exhibition of prostitution is nowhere to be met' with as in certain streets oif Hamburg. I formed one of al party of four stringers in that-city-ttwo ladies (one elderly); and two gentlemen. On Sunday afternoon we were pro-: ceeding ii the - direction from the :Eng-lish churcht to the- Aister, and, passing through some large streets, were. suddefily.assailed by solicitations from a number ofi unfortunate:cre,tuswhosare rangea on benches at long. rows of wind6*sinthe houses. Havin ladies with v.s was no protection. These womeri, -itppea.rs, are d d m nn alnuis semi-nude state,I andspealing moderately I psa6d nore than10.: Ihehouses apper full of Tem, and thiy adidress tiep pis6-sb) with.the itmost boldness. I oonfees,j on survying. te m-ai?nifient' expanse before me, on the Asterdami, m-ediately after, I felt, "can sueh thirgs be, -and overcome-.ns.I}ke a summer cloud, .ndia 1not- excite our wonder"-are lidiek,to be thus insu1tedt dia-.a city. %;ith thb-pretensions of.]Eamburg 7 Let me .not be told thatthere is, no power. Iread recentlyi in yoar paperi tlat the Senate had summoned tho' -whole -hbodko£,stckhroker., and, lectured them for some -Iproper dealings on the Borse. -let them le equally strcf with those pesf - of society. who :outrage nature by theirh tniffb in *omerin let the men of Hamburg enforce th6 observance of that homage- w'hich vice renders to virtue, ind coripel-the withdrawal of suchscenes frompublie observetioul. Thest streets are passed by men and women of all ages. -'What is toe -worldo to think, -then, of the morality of the -place? :I: cIall -on-the meichants and shipowners of Hlamburg to: act-tiheir large fortunes are made - that eity, and the -duity- attaches to-them. oAlth6ug resident in -.their Juxkuions, houses -on the -banks of the Elbe, they cannot be allowed to ignor'e th-e existeAice of such n Sodom. - Wh.le this foul-blot oentinee -I hope the- finger of scorn-w~ill:be ronated -it the place;* and if tbere -prove no aenseJof shame femaining In that city, if another day of calauty sbbuld-iiise&toit,stheir apv6al for help may then beL answvered by "'IiLnow-ye not."" : --: - :- ' . -I aiu. Sir. vour obedient servant. - -: - A ENGLUSMMAN I :: * Leip$c Sep Li -, - 4 . .~--
-1 .1 VIP - - ) -2-17 ? , ? t. ? ?uf& I T ? "AM .. 11 - A I A :_ B tho a tilof the Kendwe liave re:ed.-ite ,of papers from Melbourne to the 1oth.of June aid fromSVdneytof,he 7ti ofEJane,. : The Ent left -Port Philip on the 1-th of Jne and hs brought 83,000 ounpes of 'old in frei k b~eudes a quantity in private hauds, A.nearly 0aM T Passage the cKait. qpoke the foll4ii~ Teels :July 22, ins-t. 29' S., long. 26" W., the-:8tisl aship Se, standing totthehS.. - '- .Augat0 in 1svt 12' 1N.,lIong. 28S' VW.3theBritish ship Jooeph Phetcher, from LonVon towards New August 14, in li. 270 N., long. 40W , W t., British bark Surat. "August 23,-in lat. 400 N., long. 31° W.- tIh insi baok Corsa:s Bride, from Algoa Bay, alm the Dutch bark CoHgene, from -Batav-a. August 24, in at 40' N., long. 27' W., a large four-inasted s;hip steering wres.' Augut, 26,'in Lat. 43' N., long. 23' W., the brigantine Gem, of Jersey, from :Lgera towards Newffoundlind. -- We take -the following from tlhe summur n tE:e Melbonzre Argzs of June 9:- 's COLOSY oF ToCTOiA. "The maia l¶ the Joweph Tarratt loset at 5.30 Tiis aftej. oon, and that eKRent at IL45 tq-morrow morningandathough the interial since tho-BRoyalCharter leftis short, and :her3 notnmuch additional to ort,heucer ainty of another opportunityequally gol induces lsio coxo?ile a brief sunmar of our condition and ro_es for trismsision byy des, orne oE whlich is second iurpuattioii to no0ne amvong the racers of 'the deep.-:= - - "TES GOL;D. "The weelly escort retus continue to show thit lye 7ieldof our goldfidldsthisyerisgreatly in excess of thit of 1855. Thefollowing isacompition of the remultforlS weeks:- 1 - OLD B.IEWED. BY SORT yOR 35 WXK3 n -- 'Wlthlthae Tol of the OoD-ospDndtzweemof cfIR. ! " We have had, since theloyal Chu-ter sailed, another of those instanoe of individual suecess-wlch are ocasioni3iy occurring! on ouS' gold £elds. A. party of hree miners, worling in the -Bl6ck Creek, at Tarradale, at a depthAf about 12 feet from the surfce came upon a sold lump-of gold, weighing 541b., with about 80 ounces of smaller nug gets - in close proximity. The total value taken from the claim was a little under 3,0001. " The gold.fields lately discovered on the 1SichoIson river, in the Gipps Land distrc, are being steLdily worked. The gold has recently been submitted to assay by Mr. Birkmyre, the assay master to the Port Phillip end Colonial Gold Company, and the resultis reported as allows a- " I Gold from the Nicholson River, Gipps Laud, mclted and assayed for the Union Bank of Austr'a, Melbourne. Before nelting, Toz. Sadt. After melting. oz. dwt gr. Ingot No. 23 ... 6 19 18 Scraps 1..2 7 2 6 Ls per cent., L9. Assay, 23 careta 2c. gr. mlntslueinuLvdon .. .. - ;£4 3 2d. per oz. "A correspondent supplies us with returns of the proceeds of 12 parcels of quartz from Anderson!s Creek, a goldfield 16 miles from Melbourne. The jparcels weighed in the aggregate 30% tons, from which 443 ounces of gold weze obtainedL Our corresVondent writes as follows "'Permit me to give you a few details about various parcels of quartz from Anderson's Creek, which have been cxushedfrom time to time at the Port lPhillip Foundry, by Dr. Otways patented Chilian mill, and retorted in the usual manner. The folowing pareels have come through my hands, and therefore I can speak as to the correctness of the results.- to ewt. qr. or. dTrt. - .Anderons Creek 1 17 0 yield 11 5 -- Dieto .2 0 0 ,. 1616 Ditto. 2 0 0 30 0 Ditto . l O, 1 1 DItto . 0 0 148 0 Ditto. 2 3 30 0 Ditto.0 10 3 ., aicer Ditto .. .. .. 1 17 0 28 10 Ditto . 2 0 0 9 0 Ditto .1 2 1 ,,15 7 Ditto. 7 o 96 1S lDitto ...... 3 5 1 ,6 13 30 15 1 4i3 19 "At the older fields the systematic washing of the soil and the quartz mining are being stesdily prosecated. The difference in the quantities sent down weekly is not to be taken as an indication of any increase or decreaso in the yield. In trth, it rather shows the Drosperity of the great bodily of the miners, who hold o realize, as the market varies. "The following is a list of the shipsthat have sailedhence -with gold, since the Ist of April:- s PorULTIo . "The mothi lyreturns of the Imuigration Board, so far as they are completed, give the following as the additions by sea since that period:-Ne Arrved. Depared. 2Net li2rb. Januar .. .. 3,931 2,557 1L437- rebary . .. 3,195 1,735 21,19 - March A . . 637 2,303 333 April 2. . ,961 L,21 LM2. 2 - 12,789 8217 4,4iP "In the month of May; the official return for which is not yet published, the balance of immigration over emigrtion was about 16600. TRADE AED CO5ERPCE. "'Notwithstanding that trade is in a great measure suspended, in consequence of the continuance of wet sveather and the all but impassable stats of the roads, the present condition of the trade and commerce of the colonyis one ofundoubted health. Theimportsof late -have'been in excess of the demand for consumptioni bft they have been in the main of a description that will not suffer depreciation from being stored until a more active - emanl sets ini or until an interval of dry veather so far improves the roads as to admit of- comrnunication vith the several inland centres of our mining population. We mnay i epeat that never at the same period of the year have the -tocks Of the country storekeepers been so liht as they Are at this present season, and that, although trae during the next three months cannot be expected to be very active, yet the increahin" consumption of a '1well-t-do' mining population will be sure to secure a fair amoun t'-of bllsiness to iinpotter 'The first impressionproduced bythe pacific news-brought by the Champion of the Seas was thit prices of imported goods would have to give way before. the prospects of increased speculation conseguent on the with. :'draiwal of larie'sums of money from prosecution of thewar. Tnis uneasy feeling-has not, however, produced any depresing effects. It is bedieved that with thte restoration of peacesa reaction will be im~pared to - emnigration, and that the exprience of 1S53 'wili not be lost on shippers, whovvill be cantious of again pounrng me upon the ,&ustraflaneoolo.ig g.bodsin excess of the increasing conaniung Powers of their in,habitants. . -, : "The generaltone is, therefoe one of confiden^e. The tesources of the colony have shown a wonderful elasticity. The deficiency of 400,000 inthe revenue whichthe Government were forced to meet by advances from the banks has jzadually disappeared, and the Government will bave -at - their credit a surplus of neary donble that amunont when i hey meet the ehe olony, soon about tobe assembled for-the fret time nder the new constitution.- " In actual progress the producing interests are mkirng steady strides; rmanufactones are springing u, not only in anda'bout the capital, but also on the gol elds, forthe -urpose of suppiTng articles which have hitherto been imported- - sop-works, candle-workLs, flour-inlls, -and breweries are being established wherever ccnsuniptioin taus for them. The land is bding Opened up for zultivtiop; a -greater breadth t'an ever being -lid down in whet-aind other cereals, asid asiy, farming is extensively carriad oj. *When immigration once maore sets in the country will -ubaorb wtnh ease any number that is likely to arrive. "We subioin comparative tables of the imports and exports at the port of Melbourne of the quantities of dutiable articles for consmption rud of o ther nmvtters oonnected -with our commerce - - r "I'r6oTs A.s'D a xPORTS .T 'Tn T onT or .a mBoVP.iX - Impor'ts in the year 1856up to the 'lotf. - -May--... - .. . . .. .. £5,216;,106 Exports in the year 1856 up to the 71lit ofE - - May ..-.. .. . . .(-3;,850934 Balance of exports over imrports dr;riag the cuzrent year-.....;.*- 8 *- 0 1'TEW SOUTH WALE F.S. 'We taike th6 following from-the Sydnzty AforluM Hcmd of ihe 7th of June "The hilowiig esicaion a;p1ies in tbe Gov"neinet OaceIfe H - - ' ' 4~ ' 4 ' ' ' ' -: :~k S&cvarys-o3^b,sSydny, 5uJe6,-T3G. - "Hlis lezauan the (overacGenaFrl haS; beeu plead-
Mo ?-MA P TaEu1 CITY IN TELLIGBNBKC- ThnrsdzSy Etenin, The English fuids have again been heavy to-da but a 'further decline which took -place was ofdy temporary. Conols for money opened at the lower qaotationgf.yecsterday,.namely 94to-J,;andthere avere subsequently. sellers at ' i.., Scveria money purchases on the part of the public tlien improved the tone of the dar,ket,. and there was a r .cover.y to 94 to 95 for money, -and 95j to: for the' 8ih 'of October. Consol Scrip left off at j3 to - preimum.; }ak Stok, 219 to 220; Reduced, 951 to -1; New Thr per Cents., 95- to {; India-bo:ds4 Is. to 173.. premiu;, Exchequer-onda, 1001 46o .and-c hequer-bill, 12s-to lsa. premium. Foreign securities have not varied in a great degree, anAd prices on the average have been fo.'lyr supported. Turkish -Si per. Cents. for. the uek. count were neg6tiated at 103i.. The ether transIc-. tions compried--Grenada New, 21 ; M1exien for .aecount, 222 and BE; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half' per Cents. for account, 8j; 'Russia,a Five per Cent 109; theFourand-a-afper Cents., 98i' Spanii Three per Cents., 44k; the New Deferred, for account, 25; and Dutch 5-wo-and-a-Half per Cenlts. 6 . ' I I -. ' '1 - Tho~ filquotations of the FrenchThreeper'Ce nbi. on the Pari3 Bourse this evening were '70f. 55c fur money, and 70f. 80c. for th. end of the motth,. showing in the former case a fecovery of an eighth. -In shares there hasbeen an inerease of heaviness. It is stated;'that the Joseph Tarratt, which left Port Phillip about the same date as ihe KentF'*ill bring 23,000.onnces of gbld, valued at 92,C0l. i The Arago, to-day from New York, has brought. 638,001., but the chief portion is supposed to be on French account. The advices on this occasion describe a tendency to improvement in the stockmarket. E}rieo Railway was quoted 60; Beadng, 86k; Panama, 04; Illinois Central, 109; and IllMnois Central Bonds, 91k. Such further light as has been.throwni upon the affaiis of the PRoyalBritish Ba;nk to-day is extremely' discouraging, and, although all the creditors must be paid infull,-there.is reason to believe that this will not be effected without a furth~er heavy call upon the proprietors, in addition t5 the loss of the entire capital at present paid -up. It transpired this morning that all negotiations with the hope of inducing any other establihent to interpose had come to an end. A large number of depositors and shareholders who had met at'the bank without concert then endeavoured, with the aid of the directors, to ascertain their real position, and it was agreed among some of the principal depositors that they would themselves consent to wait six months, and would recommend their fellow claimants t'o do the same if any security could be given that the shareholders would supply suifficient funds to reopen the establishment and to insure payment at the end of that period. Such shareholders as were present were, of course, unable to decide upon the practicability of this plan in the absence of a fuD balance-sheet to the latest date, but a general williangness was manifested to make every effort to preserve the interests of all parties.. Meanwhile, 3Mr. Coleman, the accountant, has been called in and a statement of affairs is to be immediately prepared, which will be submitted to a general meeting on the 20th inst. Accordinog to their charter, upon one-fourth of the capital being lost the directors were bound Ito call a meeting, the Bank being then liable to dissolution, unless shareholders to the amount of two-thirds should agree to carry it on and to pay off all dissentients. That an arrangement of the latter description can be effected seems hardly probable, notwithstanding the desire expressed on all sides. to mitigate the disaster. It appears that the amount sunk in the Cefn iron and coalworks, in Glamorganshire,exceeds 100,0001. (the originallosshavingbeen 25,000;'.);that advanceshave been madetoformerdirectors and to the late manager which will probably involve deficiencies of more than 50,0001. ; and that bills of Mr. Edward Oliver, of Liverpool, and bonds of the Westminster Improvement Comnnission, are still among the assets. If this be the case, already more than the whole paid-up eapital will be seen to have been swept away without recJkoning future law expenses, or such ordinary losses as invariably arise in the winding-up of an estate. These losses will, perhaps,. prove less than was feared yesterday, since the cash credits are stated to be limited to about 150,0001., instead of 250,0001., but together with the bills discounted they involve such a multitude of small amounts as to shut out even under the most favourable circumstance-s the prosoect of an easy settlement. The best assets have aoubtless been disposed of to meet the recent run, as it is believed that morethan200,0001. was paid away during its continuance, thus reducing the liabilities of the bank from 810,0001. to about 600,0001. The item of 23,680L for " property in buildings," which appeared in the last balance-sheet.among the assets, isrepresented merely by the Strandbranch and other branches,theSouthSea.househavingonlybeenreuted although about 10,0001., or 15,0001., is supposed to have been lately expended in moving thither. With regard to the management of the Bank from its conmmencement seven years ago, and the character of the advances made to former directors, a belief prevails t-hat any disclosures which may be made will be of the most unsatisfactory kind. The present directors are said to be wholly free from the charge of having obtained a single advance from the Bank, and, although they must have been guilty of a total want of vigilance, foresight, and firmness, they are alleged to have struggled hard lately to brinlg the establishment into a better state, and to have been deluded into the hope that its position might yet be retrieved by the gradual increase in the number of its customers and by effecting an arrangement, which at one moment seemed practicable, for the disposal of their iron and coal mines. Three of the number-namely, Messrs. Batt, Gillott, and Hurst joined the Board only last month, and tlhe accession of some of' the others was also recent. Those who are mainly accountable for the ruin appear to have retired, but the whole history of the Bank comprises so short a period that there can be little difficulty on the part of the creditors and shareholders in dragging forth all its leading facts, and this they are bound to do for the satisfaction and safety of the public. After the dissolution of the Bank on the 20th inst., the winding-up may be conducted by the Board, or it may be thrown, upon the petition of any shareholders, into the Court of Chancery, by whom a receiver will be appointed. The Bank being a corporation, cieditors must in the first instance look to the general assets, but upon these being exhausted they can proceed against any individual shareholders they may think proper te select. An attempt to -bring the Bank under bankruptcy appears to have been made this afternoon, but the scopeof the proceedimg is not at present understood. . It is certain that it will be for the interest of all concerned to avoid law proceedings as much a3 possible, except egainst those who may be shown to have been daliberate partieipators in the delinquencies committea I It was mentioned to-day that the difficulties of the shareholders in obtaining a clear view of the accounts of the. Royal British Bank were inereased by Mr. Craufurd, the manager lately zppointeq to succeed Mr. Cameron, having been attacked -with sudden illness. At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day a petition was filed for an adjudication of Baniiuptcy against the iRoyal Brintish B3ank, the petitioning creditor being Mr. Walter Morisse, of Jewin-cecnt, Cr-ipplegate;and the solicitor, MTr. Chidley.' - .g- Tihe Scinde Railway Company yesterday. despatched Mr. William:Erunton?,anii-a staff of :six assistant engineers, by the steamer -Indus, forBombay and Kurrachee, eM s'rnde for the Punj-ab, to prosecute the -survey of the country between Mooltan, Iahore, and Umritsir. Mr. Brunton. -as appointed by the railway company under the san6tion of the india House, and it is expected from the facilities which the Punjab Government arc s jdi to ba prepared to afford, that the preliminary survey of the line will be completel by the end of the ensuing cold season.- A mneetin6g of persons interested in the Londnn and Paris.Bank is caled for .Tuesday next at the LondoT!Tav6m.--: According to a Lit by Messrs. W. and H. Laird the exports. of coal in July amounted to 569,346 tons agaiiLt'5501,Oo in the corresponding 'month gf lastyear. Russia figures for 40,100 tons aganst 1,534 in July, 185. - - - - The annexed is from the-Committee of Mfexican Bondholdera:. - - -.-. .-- -. "DefenredMDemicsa Bonds-The> followvn'is 6translatign of the letter' of.E. .the Mriistei of Fminse,'jlatid exico, the 18th.of July las, to:the f din al agent of 'lexico in London. Clond :Faio: ' ; - - -" ' Mnistry of Fissiace .and ?uihllc. Credit> "'I ava,unde Second Secti=on,'No.-.187. - 4 g# hv2,unerthu3 day's date, aent- to tle reprsentat:ive tf tlhe.ol&horuse of lizardi and.Cof.P i>edro deVYalle, uour note of the 18th of March last,on the difference which there is between receiving deferred bonds on which there is a claim for arrears of interest-and-active bonds of the last issus, at the rate of 60 active for 100Adeferredt-to-which I have added -hitfeol6iki *' Iu comrnunicating toyou, diiection of thie prijxent,. -his: note, I beg -te add that :thei zithrizati6-t* deliier active bonds of those now current, at the rate of 60 ative for 100 deferred, was given solely because you Btated that a clerk ofthfe house-had abstracted-a considerable number oE deferred bonds, and was meanf only to app yto the deferiredhbonds, fvhieh, thus cirtumst .ccd,' zasht- stb ippgar: in tbe market, and not at all todeferred bonds in the hsans of innocent holders, which necessarily mustbegv p n oraer to he cancelled*.be given ''p '' "''The intent of the agreement wth youwastht .Government should receive back all the bonds issued in cess, withouAt having to pay a single dollar, which cans only he effected by your either delivering, deferred bonds, or if active bonds at 60 for 100, the differeneeof value between ihe twgo arisng -from th' arrears of interest overdue on the fo^rmer. - . - - "HAs Excellency the president has no doubt tbat youwi]. admit that such was the intent and meaning of the agreec meat with you, sad that you will have proceeded on thps understanding of it * but, in order to obviate the possihility of all misunderstanding on this point, his ExeEllency has directed this note to be adidresAsed to you, and that the samce 'be commuAnicated to the financial agent inA London, in reply -to his note and forhis government.'"
. TRADE REPORT. -Thursday Evei SUGA:n-There were two public salei of r t y, consisting of IS5 hhds. korto Rico, 280 hhds, 30 tierces, and 22 barrels Cuba huseovado, arid 371 boes damaged vellow Havannah, the grek;ter part being taken m at 4Ss 6d, to 48s. for low to fine y4llow. Although-there is more -auiry and busness doing in the West India market, i,242 hbds. having been sold, yet the prices are rather - cheaper. -Xo public sales, and privately but, iittie of -lics.-The public sales to-morrow arelarge. There has be en business doing E adras, and of theqrantities recently bought in at auction about 10,000 bags are reported to have been sold. S1LvPESTIxE-No transaetions to mention. COCHELAl-Of 250bags brought forward to-daytwo-. thirds were sold at fully previous prices, the remainder being withdrawn above the market value. Cusea~s-" The improvement in the quality of this years crop, according to samples received by several houses," remark Messrs Witherby and Son, "is very. striking, and shows that, even if tho blight Ls not altogether disappeared from the currant-growing countries, the application of sulphur has been extraordinarily successful in arresting its progress. The total yield of currants durin the last four seasons was about 32,000 tons, or an avere o 8,000. tons each season, and all more or less blighted. There have been various reports respecting the extent of the foithcoming crop, but it is generally estimated at 18,000 to 20000 tons. That of 1851, the largest ever produced, and all remarkably sound, was abont 41,000 tons, and came in noon a London stock alone of 4,500 tons, and in face of an accumulation of 12,000 tons on the continent. The natiral consequence of so great a Dressure was extreme depression and the low prices of 1852. The present stock in England is only L200 tons, and there is none on the continent. The impression, therefore, is, that with improved quality and moderate p rices thenarticle will resume its former siosition, and that the siresent crop will not be found too large for the exienciesoftis and other countries. Tvosteamers have arrived with new Valencia raisins-the Briton Ferry and the Vasce de Gama. The opening price for this year is 56s, which is 14s. above that of last year 11g.- above that of 154, and 2s. above that of 1853. In 1853, on the arrival of new fruit, there were in London 4,800 tons of all kinds of old raisins; in 154 about 9,O0 tons;in1855 about 2,400 tons; but the whole stock in London on the Lst inst. was only S tons of Valencias, and 48 of Turkey. The first shipment ef figs left Smvna on the 21s iult. The CZOD IS abuindant, and quality is reported to be god." TE-L-The sales to-day comprised 8U-10 packages, of which 4,035 were Congou, 740 Souchong 616 Oolong, 254 Scented Orange Pekoe, 927 Young Byson, 218 Imperial 1,200 Gunpow er, and the remainder assorted. The biddings for most kinds were very Blat, and the quantity sold in the room scarcely exceeded 1,400 packages, of which, however, ,168 were "w vithout reserve J' yet the prices obtined showed no materia change. T-4riLow.-To-day there has been less disposition to selL Business has been done at 52s. on the spot5 and 49s. 6d. to 49s 9d. for last three monfhs, closing with no sellers under 50s.
STATE OP PRADB. LANCHESTER, SET. 4. There is but little change in the market since Tuesday, all the favourable features remaining, and buyers shoving n icreased disposition to operate, though the amount of bu siness doing in cloths is liiiited En gray, red, and shirtimgs there is some demand, and prices were rather firmer. There is rather more business in some kinds of gray domestics, but prices were unchanged. In jaconots and India shirtings generally the demand is limited. T-cloths in a little better inquiry. Yarns continue to command the Ad. per lb. advance obtained at the commencement of the week, and in some kinds there is a tendency to a further advance. NOTTINGHAM, SEPT. 4. The lace tradeisinahealthystate; a numberof shi ping orders are in course of completion, both for the continent and other parts; cotton quillings continue in demand, and there is a fair amount of business doing in other sorts of goods for the season. The very favourable harvest weather imparts a buoyancy to trade, and, should the corn be well got in (of which there is now evory appearance), our trade will be greatlyinfluenced thereby. In nosiery the amount of business doing is satisfactory. The cotton branch is brisk. For winter goods there is a good demand in connexion with our home trade, as wel as that of the lJnited States. BRADFORD, SEPT. 4. The market this morning opened with a deciedly improved tone, partly attributable to the large attendance, but principally to the fine weather and favounrable change that has tken place in harvest prespects, by which no market is more materially affected than that of Bradford, and throughout the day aniimpetus was given to business. The staplers demanded for the finer and, in some case; the middling gralities of combing wool an advance of j,d. per lb. This, in the early part of the a, caused a temporary restriction, but in the nmajority of saes it had to be coneded, and a tolerably fair busness was transacted in the aggregate. There is a large supply of long staple wool at market; but of short wools and noils the stocks are limited, and the inquiry continued steady. In yarns there was a satisfactory, we might almost say brisk, businem done; although an improvement has been grnally perceptible, orders were more freely given out anfor some tune past, especialy for export to the conti. nenta the Russian houses displaying the most activity; the struggle experienced by the spinners was to obtain an advance on production commensurate with thatdemnanded for the rav, material. Cotton warps evinced the effect of the rise in the Manchester cot'on-market, and were generaUy epicetaoalso partook of the general improvemnent, and the mlerchants purchased more-favourably of seasonable goods for the home t,rade. SPhe biusinsess done in the ware houses baa been moderately extnsive. Ten foreign houses, as regardis manufactured goods, appear comparatively qietj
THE COBiV fTRADB. 7.AXOH1FSTRR. SsP= 4- With somne alight exceptions, the weather in this neighbourhood since this day se'snight, has been of the mo3t favourable character for harvest operations, which are mal'ing rapid progresa. It is to be fenred, however, conrderable inmny has been sustainedby the crops of wheat aDd barley from the heavy rains which prevailed during thepast montbL Thb unes3passingdaringthe week hba been vey linmted, and prices have givern way Is. to 2s. per sack foi flour. - hearcivalsot wheat and four from abroad are considerable, eon7 slating of about 72,Q00 quarters of the former and B6,0 basrels of the latter, bat of-other artiles verynoderate. There was a moderate attennianos at this mornings market but very few transactions oecurred in any article. Old Isls7b wheat declined 2s., and new, the quality of which w sery irregelar, Os. to IOs" per quarter. The besbt descriptons of foreign were 44, per 701b; cheaper, whilo inferor and Iih were scarcely saleable at areidution of 86. to 10d. American flour of extra Quality was inquired for, and sustained nerly previous rates; but SElah ussk hour was cuito neglected, though offered at 2S. to 3. below lst week's rate Oats werefirm, but oatmeal rather eas3er. Egyptian beansawerels to2s. per quarter dearer, while Irdian corn was tbe turn lower. At Glooester market, on the 30th, old wheat was rather lowerl at Worceeter. the same day, old vheat decined about 2s. per quarter, while new soldat iregularprices, varying from from IS to 9& per 621bo Barley fully as dear, and ie qualities re%lzed Tery high pricer Oats rm41tered. Bc3an held for an advance of Is. to s, per quarter. Peas dewaue. ?po)mji the preset vweek, the wealther baying been fine, with+ the exceptic the night of the lst the wheat trade has been in a Bert of Poic6, with no transactions meported. Biley, beans and peas heldtrsoly forprevious rates. Oats about 6d. per rquarter cheaper. At Wolverhamnpton market yestrday wheat was Cs to S. per quarter cheaper. At this day' market there wa a large supy of new-wlheat, wic>Mh eld at ireegular prices, andwe reduce our quotations onL rew 6s. to lOs.,and oldls. to Os. perquacter. Eagllahbaley4u. pbesqoarler lowver: feseigriheld forpreviousrate. HI£gher prices demandied for fine old oets, secondaryand newL rather cheaper. For beanw mccc money was. asked. Peas chbeaper. --The millers reduLced the retaltprice o flour Is. 4L. per sack. - ~~~-GLASGOW, SEPT. 3. Webave had much rain during the week and- on Monday la i a severe thuaderatorns, with Pelting showers. jompla.!ts of laid fields acd the potato disease are on the increau - - * Coaowit and from Ireland the suples have been falllng-off; from abroad, viA the Clyde, s,s quarters of wheat, with S6 bSrrelsa of four were reportedfrom evw York and Montreal. and Ol)D quarters of wArtiAnd6,020 quartemof Indian comfrom Blck 8esa ports; sA GragmoutJ7OquartersofwheatfromlPeter.bug r- - The good feeling for grain whichpredomlinated ustained a chek by I London's reaction ox Monday. -This day's market ws wel attended. - Fle wheatwas aretsil siajata reduclein of 6d. to Is per 2401b.I inferior descriptions were ne21ected, Barrel flour mest a fair inquiry at a dechine of Gd.toIs. 1erI9tilbm a >arisy was in rood demand, and meet oople ofbose growth were leaired offLe at fully lasLtWe!dnesday's: culrkency. I ,. - Peediug oats xarce sa the turn de3arer. -Oatmea 66 tOIa higher per S901b. i en andpeaawi5iutout ehage. :0 I-- -
TEl PRIIWCB OF ANGB 1n KnrwALL.-On Wednesday last the inhabitants of Xirkwall were gratified by the announcement 'hat his Royal Highness the t'rince of Orange bdari ved in the bay, onhboard the Dutch war steamer lHexapi, and that it wras his inten,tion to visit the town early on the followig morning. Soon after the Herapihad cast anchor Sheriff Aytoun wrent onboard, and was apprised of the -wsh of his lioyal Highness to visitsome of the more remarkable of the many lozal anltiquities of 'which Hirkwall and its neighbourhood can boast. Early next mnorning the town s astir, n at 0 o'cock the Prince, acoompaniedbyhIs suite, landedonthe quay,wherehe was met by a number of the leadinginhabitants. -He then proceeded to StI gnus Cathedral,'which he inspected -with great interest, and thereafter was conveyed to the Stones of Stenness, whence he prooeeded&to the summer residence of Sheriff Aytoun, where a collation was prepared for him. The Prince had the good fortune to be favoured with-a beautiful day, and seemed to vievrvith great interest the varied and romantic scenery of -which the district is sO pro. lific. Onhisreturn fromnhis jaunthis Royal Highness, on the- invitation of the Provost,- magisttes, ad Townen Concil, proceeded to the Town-hall, 'which Vs Ecrowdedj to overfiowin,- when Provcet Spence, in a -very happy spech and in the name of -the corporation, hegeEdl IUXoyail - *ghneaa's acceptance of the freeaoms of the'-burgh. In the course of his remarks the Provost mnade-reference to the eminent aervioes which the House of Orange bad rendered to the cause of Protestantism and the liberty of the people of Europe, and felictouslyieferred to the sit of the Prie of Orange, afterwards WIlliani IV., 'when a similar ooinpli ment was paid. The Princemade a verybriefbutapproriate reply, speaking the Engliah langaage very distinctly, addwfthbt a veryslightacoent. He said:-" Ixr;Trovostaid gentemenu, h-ve great pleIafre5si _ rnyou andyour brother - -toth dewm of th oyl both of irkwall, and I =w=Ay"sseme6mber withXratitida 3nvsit to ts place ana the receptiosi you have givein me. - 1 tha always be glad to preaere it as a remem uranc of tho z3ost interesing country I have visited." The Prince and siite then left, and on embarking were loudly d&eered by - -vezy laig crowd tht had aesemEler on lye quy ay on Friday mormnng the Merpi ailed for the aledoon Canal. We bWlieve that the Prince ax rdhill h' I sfierifFA&ytonn kac Mlr. Buikic. od Tankerne6 (who dined w ithE him on Thurdy), as higly delighted with Ida visi, - ad eqsciaflywtlteconduct of the -peop1a,'who, a1thIica atraly asxona to we micl an illustrnous atraga cornporateds thmevs 'wt oures which does themhonour. |-2rAforR Zmign. ' '' '--' ''
4LERICAZ DISTBBSS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TEES. Sir,-I have receive-l a letter from the bishop of- the diocess respecting the case of the Essex curate. His lord. ship informs me that the curate entered into an agreement with the vicar to accept aless sdlary than the act of Parliament appoints if he would let him have the curacy. The bishoprequiredthevicarto pAythe legal salary; but the curate, when he found himsef in pecuniary difficulties, preferred resigning the curacy rather than break a previous agreement he had originally entered into -wi'h the vicar. Pending the bishop's correspondence with him his health failedL The bishop adds, "I shal be glad of any pecuniaryassistance he may receive." The curate states that his agreement with the vicar was a fixed stipend of 80. a-year, with the addition of Easter offerings and the produce of a Sunday afternoon lecture. These offerings, &c., never amounted to more than . a-year, and the stipend has never been more than 601. Before the vicar granted him the nomination, he obtained from him, he says, or rather extorted, his subscription to a document, that if at any time he found this remuneration inadequate, instead of zeekng an augmentation, he Bhould resign the curay. He unfortunately conformed to his request, andthereby, inforo conscicnio, debarredhimself from the power of subsequently insisting upon his legal rights. He states that the vicar has been non-resident for 16 years. not upon the plea of ill-health. The viar claims all the fees, so that the curate has no perquisite even in that respect. The vicarage he describes as "a four-roomed little woodenboxn" I amverysorrytosatotthat the curate is sll very ilL He writes from his bed in a recumbhentwostmre,andhismedicalman states that it will bemonths before he is equal to any exertion, if ever. While the readers of T7e Times have 3nercifull' Xent for the benefit of this poor curate 400.-whichlbereby in his name mostthbankfuluy and gratefully acknowledge, as desired by him- the vicar of the parish sends as his offering a eold and heartless letter, fixing a month for the period of his continuance in tbe ricarage. .1 will sendfforyourperusq], Sir, ana insertion if you plese, a few extracts from this letter of a rich vicar to a poor bedridden curate. I am, Sir, yours obedientlr. A. CUX&TE.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON1 TRANSPORTATIOAT. The following are the resolutions of the Select Comnnittee on Trans ortaton which sa' Tast ses-- sion, and which wiU be published officialy in the course of next week " 1. That the punishment of transportaMtion is more effectual and deterring, better adapted for the ultimaie reformation of convicts, and more beneficial to this country than any other secondary punishment for serious crimes'which has yet been tried. " 2. That the comrnittee therefore recommend the con tinuation of the sentence of transportationi, so far as Her Majesty's dominions may afford safe and proper facilities for that purpose. "3. That if such facilities can be obtained, sentences of 10 years' transportation should be revived. " 4. That convict prisons beyond the seas ought to be regarded as places for carrying out the sentence of transportation. "5. That every punishment by penal servitude should include-first, a certain fixed period of imprisonment and hard labour on nubhia works to be undergone, at all events; secondly, a further period, which should be capable of being abridged by the good conduct of the convict himself. " 6, That, with a view to give full effect to thisprinciple, the sentences of penal servitude prescribed by the act should be changed and lengthened, so as to be identical with the terms of transportation for which they are respectively substitated. " 7. That the sentences of penal servitudo now in force might be adopted with some few changes as the fixed periods indicated in Resolution 6. "S. That the hulk system, which appears by the evidence to be already in a great measure relinquished, should be finally abandoned with as littla delay as possible. " 9. That the scale of secondary punishment would be more complete if a shorter period of penal servitude than any now in force Were enacted as an intermediate sentence between the present term of ordinary imprisonment now usually infdicted and the former sentence of seven years' transportation, or its equivalent. " 10. That the system of licenses to be at large, or tickets of leave, authorized by section 9 of the act, has been too short a time in operation in this country to enable the committee to form a clear and decided opinion either as-to the effects which it has already produced or as to its probable ultimate working. " 1L That the system appears to be founded upon a prin. ciple wise and just in itself-viz., that of enabling the convict to obtain by continual good conduct, while undergoing his punishment, the remission of a portion of his sentence, upon the express condition, however, that in case of subsequent misconduct his liability to punishment shaU revive for the residue of the term specified in tlie original sen. tence. " 12. That it appears from the evidence before the committee that bad effects upon the discipline of convicts on the public worrs have already been caused by the iegulations, under which it has been made known that no tickets of leave or other remssion of senteice would in any caki be granted to men sentenced to penal servitude. "' 13. That there has been much of misapprehension and exaggeration with regard to the conduct of persons released upon tickets of leave, who have been frequently confounded, even by several of the witnesses in this inquiry, under one common designation of ticket ofl cave men, with convicts whose sentences have fully and 'absolutely expired. "14. That there is reason to believe that the conduct of a large proportion of the whole number of persons dis. charged upon tickets of leave has hitherto been good, and that in other cases persons so discharged have relapsed into crime from the difficulty, arising from their former eha. ractersbecoming known, of procuring or retaining honest employment in this country,-a difficulty, however, wshich obviously applies to all persons once convicted, whether discharged npon tickets of leave or absolutely at the expiration of their sentences. " 15. That to render this system of good-conduct licenses adapted both for the reformation of offenders and the interests of the public, the conditions endorsed on the license ought to be enforced. " 16. That every convict, on his release with a good-conduct license, ought to be reported to the police of the town or district to which he is sent."
THE DONCAsmtR Cup.-The piece of plate, valued alt 30 guinas,'wih is the principal prize atDoncastar Races, consists Of a statuette eauestnan figure of the Ranpres' Louis Napoleon, manufactur;d in silver by Mr. Haun oeld oa Bruton-street, after a model, executed bycMr. Mofarthy andL Frerut-the horse bythewrst-nained artist and the Emperor by the last. This group swas suggested by the authorities of the raicooxso as a compliment to. His Imperial Majesty. On one sideo f thelpedestalon whichmthe statuettes stand is a bas rdeief reresenting the meeting of Queen Victoria with the Emperor, and on the other sides are the armas ofEnolad and France, and the name and date of the race, &c. vne workmanship is very elaborate. i FATAL AccnEesT.-On Tueskay last an inquest 'Was held at Exton, before Mr. H. Hough, coroner for the county of Ruthland, upon the body of R dward O unsington, coachnman to Mr. R. W. Baker, of Cottesmore, agent to the varl of Gainshorough. It apir-ared that M1r. aker had been dining with the Earl of (ainsborot.gh, and had ordered his do.cart to be at the door at half-past 10 o'clock to take t1a home. At about a quarter to 11 o'clock the Rev. W-Mias Gibson left the house, and noticed the horse nnd cat sta.nd.- ing at the door. Mr. Baker left the house 'c few mminutes later, but the dogcart could not then. be seen. Lights 'were procured, and a search made, and after some -time a, hat and the seat and cushio ofadgcr-were found floatingin pice f wte in'eh plasue'gouds, about 100 yard frm th hose, nd but 0 yrdsfrom the roadI hourthehorsan cathwee Fou nd, anH rge s6e adteverdict of the coronet's jurywa "Acdta death." The evidence of one witnpsswetoshwtate coachman, on leaving the Earl of anhrg'staea tenalpling too plasce,ashow tat ther hreyuthv Ths ppiln event a rae eypi the nihorood.fufelnin ThE Cremcu-Lord Auckland has instituted the Rev. Dr. C. 0. Goodford, head master of Eton College, to the rectory of Chiltona Cantelce, near Yeovil- the Rev. Edward Cox, ALA., to the rectery of Luccombe_ nearMinohead; the Rev. Eidwarcl Brian Combo Spurvay, AL.A4 to the rectory of Heathdield,-near Taunton ; the Rev.William. 'Griume Gibson, to the rectory of Si. ]Aichael, Bath; the Rev. Grenville Frodsham Hodeos, MALA, curate of North -Petherton, to the vicarage of St. Michael Church, niear Bridgewater ; the Rev. Dr. Franclis Mlinder Knolles,FolUow of ?Alag-dalene College, Oxford, to the vicarage oaf Fitzbead, near Taunton.' The Rev. Gilbert Franliland Lewis, MIA, brother of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and heir 'prosuanptive to the baronetcy 'was installed on Wednesday as a canon residentiary of WForrester Cathedral. in- the r6ora of the Ron. and Rev. T1. Somers Coa'ks, on the nomination of the Crown. II I-' AasxnrcA? At?co AuszfAr,rxc MAILg.-,-IgVsacBOOL, Ce' 4.-The Postmaster-Gener:xl hLas r~efusecl ithe application of Muessrs James Ihaines and Co. to6 detan the Marco Polo till Sunday in- order thatb she might take out replies to the -Rent's advices. Thp Mareo,iPol1 ~nd another vessl,.the Acadia, 'will cons equentlyl saaL. f6i Mel,bounne about noon t-morrow(Friday). On L-U4rdiy the Cuadmi temr=i wtisi wt hemlst e Y9k Ltes 'ilb eeve tteLvroo 2a'of
. RA4ILVAY rNTErZIGEyC1 .. - . EAST ANGLTAN. The directors of this company stateo in their, reportthat the traffic for the half-year ending the 30th'of urie last amounted- tD 25,0501., for the correspoDding period-of 1855 to 23,0141., for the same period in 1854 tb 2i,1651., and in 18.53 to 18,5181., showing an increase upon 18B3 of 6,5321, upon IS5 of 3,854., and upon 1855 bf 2,0361. it is a souree of much disappointment to the directors that the inereased rate of working expenses, as shown' by the accounts of the Eastern'Counties Company, has brought this important item to the highest point at which this company can be charged under the agreement-vi., 5O. per cent. ad these expenses. continued at the same rate at which they were stated in the accounts furijished by the 1Eastorn Gounties' Company in July, 1853,' the comparny would not only bave- paid all the preference charges in fuill, but also have' had a snrplus to urovide for a dividend on the ordinazy stoclk. The net baiance, after paying the interest ontheAand B shares and stock, wiU enable them to pay a dividend on the C stock at>tho rate of 21. 10s. per eent. -per annum. The Corporation of -Lynn have iinost ompleted the expensive and importanb work of quasying the Boal Point, on which are about to he erected three powzerful cranes; this will afford-very excellent accommodatioan for either steamers or sailing-vessels of large tonnage, vhile ressels of smaller dimensions wiill be accommodated by' the gnay now in courne of erection in front of the vareF.^'le5 alon' which the tramway now runs. The directors confidently aatieipsto great - -nts in the trafnic receipts and the 'general trade % L f fro a the completion of these important worl 3. lhsZ, eocive very satisfactory accounts ef the harvest in ,zfnll, idch Must tend to increase their revenue. The-capital hecount shows that 1,6t0,9401. had been received, and 1,641,0094 expended, leaving a b:lanea of loOt5 apinst the company. Theo revenue accounn showed ttnb 2,7271. had been received from all sources, and 12,5254. expended in working the line at the rate of 501. nor cent. -per anum, leavin,g a balance of 13,2071. -Front this is deducted B,$81.ifiterestbon bends, 1SI. interest on sums owing for land, 1,1734. interest on A shares, S,6001. interest on B stock, at 6 per cent. per annum, 8831. interest on C stock, at the rate of 21. lOs. per cent. p Sr annum, and 6711 for rents, salaries, and other expenses, leaving a balance of 491. MIELBOURBNEB AND HOBSON'S BAY. At the ordinary meeting of this cornm ny, held- in Mfelbourne, for the hail-year ending the 30th of April last, a dividenru at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum was declared. The capital account to the 30th of April showed thab 189,3l64 hadbeen expended on the main line, and 4,1181. on the St. lilda hranch. The general balance -sheet showed a total of 207,2607, including 167,3651. received on shares, 27,OS21. on loan, 3,8891 claims against the company, and 5,9231. balance of revenue. OnL the other side of the account appeared 189,3161. expended on the main line, 4,118C. on - the St. -ilds branch; 1,5201. claims duo to the company, 2504 cash in hand, and 12,1031. estimated value of stores. The revenue account for the six months ending the 30th of April, 1856, showed that 21,3061. had been received, including 9,538C. for passerlgers, 1,0724. for parcels, and 10,1454 for merchandise. The expenditure amounted to 11,2161., leaving a balance of 10,090L To this sum was added 12,7761., the balanco on the 31st of October, 18.55, Making a disposable sum of 22,8671. Onti of this was deducted 32,4044 for dividend at the rate of 8 per cent., 1,5401. inberest on loan, leaving a balance of 3,9231.7 The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the directors. ' ' CORNWALL The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Truro on Fridav, lIr. M. Wiliams, M.P., in the chair. The report stated that the receipts for the half-year on capital account amounted to 31,428i., and the expenditure to 93,9501. Tho balance in the hands of the company amounted to 66,9861. Of this balance 37,379Z. was piaced in the hands of trustees under the agreement for the lease of the line to the asociated companies. In addition to the 29,6071. remaining, the directors would have at their disposal the caU payable in October next, and the arrears due on former calls. The forfeiture of 1,026 shares of 201. each had been declared -by the directors for nonpayment of calls. The capital account showed that 1,027,2591. had beea received, including 31,4281. during the half-year, and 960,2731. expended, including 93,9501. during the half-year, leaving abalance of 66,9861. The CamnUR.&N, in moving the adoption of the report, stated that their gigantic bridge at Saltash could be completed within 18 mionths if they had suicient funds available. The otherworks depended likewiso on the completion of tho bridge and the possession of sufficient funds. They had no doubt of being able eventually to compllete the undertaking. The works had so far proceeded satisfactorily and were in an advanced state. Some discussion ensued, in the course ofwhich resolutions were passed, adopting the report and confirmiD- the forfeiture of 1,026 sharcs, which were ordered to bo sold or tlherwise disposed of. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the poroceedings. 'TRAFFIC RETURPNS. 2,les Pas- Mer- Total, Tota,! Ralway. open, seiyera chandise. 1855. 105. Week ending Aug. 23. ScottishNXovth-y-tern .. US 315. 357 Week ending August 24. BristolandRxeter 6.. - .. .. - .. 6,814 .. 6,9J9 East Anglian .. .. - .. - 87 - ., $43 .. 873 London, Tilbury, and Bouth. end Extenslon .. .. - .. 1,903.. 205.. 2,103 .. 2,033 week ending Aug. 30. Great Southemn andWestern ireland).- .. .. - ., 8,404 .. 6.939 Irish South-Eastern .. 253.. - .. .. 287 .. 187 Killarneyjunction.. 41 -6.. -. 534.. 501 Limcniek=androynes .. 171.. - . . -- .- 94 . Londonderry and Coleraine 356 .. 243 . 79 .. 324 281 Londonderryananniskifen 60 ,, 340 .. 306 .. 646 677 North-Eastern .. .. 7033 . , - - 3 9,230 .. 37,831 Bambreand leuse.. .. 6s - - 1,061 1357 Waterford and Kilkenny.. 31 , - . .. 400 . 0. O1 Waterford and Limerick .. 77 .. .. .. 1,107 .. 1,033 WVaterford and Tramere .. 7 .. - ., - .. 391 . . - 190 -Week ending Aug. 31. 'Biskeuhead, Lancashire, and Chlshire Junction .. - .. - .. - .. 2,790 .. 2,60D DablinandBelEastJunctlon3 ,, - ., _ . 1,368 ,. 1,433 Dublin and Drogheda .. 63 .. .. .. 1,797 .. 1,744 Dendalk and Enniskillen.. 35 .. - .. - .. 407 . - 493 Eastern Counties, Norfolk, and yastern Union .. 417 ., - .. - ..23,116 .. 22,719 fEast lancashre .. .. 53 .. - ., - ., 7,792 7. 7,343 Edinburgh, Pertb, and Dun- dee, and Scottish Central- ,. - -. 7,05. 6,701 Great Western .. .. - , .. - - .. .. 30,39S .. 28,153 IL5encashire and Yorkshire 2088.. - . - . 26,274 .. 23,167 Lond6nandlBlackwall .. - .. 1,730. 87 . ,817 .. 1723 §aWanchestert Shefiteld, and Lincolnlshire .. ..l739 .. - ,- .. 9,35 .. 9,070 Uidlnd. .. 499..- - .. .. 31,E0O .. 31,167 lidland Great Western (Ire- land) .. .. .. .. - .. 1,9,0 .. 1,304 .. 3,264 .. 3,711 Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford .. .. 40 .. - .. 1 - ...,210 .. 747 North British . . 149 .. 3,210 2,66 . 5,6 .. ,6075 Oxford,Wcrcester, and Wol-. verhampton. - .. 1,097 1,711. 3,600 .. 3,700 ShrewsburyandBirmingham - 1.79.. - 1,790 .. 1,458 Shbeesbury and Chester .. - ., - .. - .. 3,703 .. 2,S?8 Sbropsbire Union .. .. - .. 291 .. 781 Week ending Sept 2. DublinandWiliow 2. - .. - - . - 2,452 . 1,905 * The tramffic for the current period ic clear of lighterage cbarges. The receipts for eoreespondingweeklast aerrincluded-l9S under this head. t The reeeipts for merchandise traffle are published after doducting weekly the balance on the Leeds and liverpool Canal lease account. 8 This amount includes the Liverpool, Crosby, and Southport traffic, whichis not induded in the orresonding peritod § Including hal of the Manchester, South Junction, and Altrinrham receipts, Grinaby Dock dutfes, dC., and Chesteieli Canal receipts.
ART TBY &sunr_s Ex=mo-N.-The Eal of Mes mere, while otut yachting, wrote to the chairman, enumerating from recollection the folloinnDg pictures, which his Lordship places at the disposal of 'he committee:-1. The Assumptione." Gimo; 2. "The Village School," Jan Steen; S. " Cavalry Charge,'" Wouvermans 4. "-Three Saints," Andrea di Salerno ; 5. " Parenta Advice," Terburg; G. "G Girl Sewing," Maas; 7. A small portrait, Hogarth; 8. fozzolini di Ferrara; 9. A portrait, Van Dyck ; 10. "Dead Christ," Guercino; IL "Assemblage of 'Saints," Guercino; 12. Small landscape, -Ruysdael. All these, we need scarcely say, are good pictures, and most of them of the fust class in their respective schoola. The Dukel of Manchester expresses himself anxious to assist ina the object as far as possible, and invites a selection from' his pictures at Kimboltonrcastle, Huntingdonshire', Among those who have sent similar 'answers- are Sir Philip Malpas de Grey Egerten, M.P., of Oulton: park, Cheshire; Mr. William Tite, M.P.; Mr. George Corawall Legh, M .P (North Cheshire); the Earl of Clarendon, the Bishop of Ripon, Mr. William Ewart, M.P., Mr. W. Talbot Rothwell, of Foxz holes, near Lancaster; and Mr. Keith Barnes, of Portland-place,. London. Mr. George lenry -Money offers two beautiful cabinet pictures, one by Albert.Durer and the other by Swanevelt- Mr. 'William Rayner Wood, of Singleton Ldge, Manchester, offers' a head of Christ, by Gmdo, and also a Teniers; Lord Wharncliffe offers four pictures by Sir -Joshua Reynolds, one considered exr tremel valuable, beoin g a fullI length p or trait o f thea Earl of C Bute, %rime Minister to George MII.; ando thers, smaller, are portraits of the same nobleman and of Lord Mount. stuart, his son, and the Earl of Liveeool. His Lordship mentions family portraits by Sir Peter Lely and Sir Godfrey Kneller, bat is not aware whether any of these would ba deemed worthy of a plaee in the exhibition. The varied nature of these offers of works of art (especially of two or three pictures only) may serve to encourage otheis who, because they have.not large collections, may hitherto have been unwilling to come forward nith an offer of one or two paintings, however rare or valuable.-Meic?suder Guns'dicsss. MEA.ixOJ,Y DEATI oF A CLmRGYMA.-9n Tuesday last a telegraphic message was received :by the Society of St. Peter's College, Cambridge, to the effect th- t the Rev. Williain Wind, AL A.; Senior Fellow of the CoW lege, had met with an accident which resulted in his death; Mir. Nind was staying at the Hotel dn Monde, Paris, where he was spending a part of the Long Vacation. Late on Monday night - fire having,. from some unknown cause, broken out in the hotel,, an alarm, was ;given, asid Mri Nind, fearing that he coulld not escape by the passage and stairs, rashly jumped from his bedroom windor into the 'street below. is fall was obseived by the passers i by, but before medical assistaneo 'could bo procured life was extinct.: Mr. Nind was highly respectedin the tiniversity;' and had filed some of its highest offices, having been Eenior proctor and examiner. Hle.graduated in 1832,ithe same year as the 'pesent master, Dr. Cookson, and 'cas soventeenth wrangler.
POLICE. MA?rsIoN-nOusm.-John Cooper, who, till within the last few weeks, carried on tho business of a merchant, trading under the firm of Cooper, Pike, and Co., at 70, lowrer Thames-street, -ws brought before the LoRD MAYOR, in custody of Spitt'e, the detective officer, upon remand charged with having forged three checks, amounting in the aggregata to 701., upon the Royal British Bank the respective sums for which they were drawn haing been |paid at the time of present.stion.a Mr. Mullens, solicitor to the Ccn3nittee of Bankers for the Prevention of Forgeries and. Frauds, appeared, as at tho lasti examination, in support of the prosecution * r. Thompson, of Eenchurch-streeb, att;ended on behalf of the prisoner. Mr. Mullens.-As I shall not be able entirely to complete the case for the prosecution to-day, I ought in justice te the prnsoner to state that on the next occasion he will be aharged With forging an order for 100Z. ulpon the London and West. minster BanL, in addition to the present cases of forgery. The evidence taken at t>he last examination having been read over, a lad of about 16 years of ale, named Cowell, was called, who said,-1 was for several months in the service of Messrs. Cooper, Pike, and Co., of 70, Lower Thames-streeb. I have occasionally been sent by the prisoner to the Royal British Bank to get checks cashed. I recolleet the dissolution of the partnership of the firm at the beginning of last month. From that period upto Saturday last I was in the service of Mr. Pike. At the time of the dissolution I was sent by the prisoner to the Royal British Bank. I there presented the cheek produced for 16W. lOs., and receivei the cash, which I handed to the prisoner. I identify the check by having seen on it the name of Cowell, I bavin, an uncle of that name. The prisoner also gave me the check produced for 281. Ts., which I got cashed, handing him the money. I reeeived gold for both checks. Cross-exasnined.-I only recollect having taken two checks from the prisoner to get cashed. When I was taken to Mr. Mullens's office the checks were placed in my hand. I swear positively to one of them, as I noticed written upon it the s;ords " Pay self expenses," and the amount, 28!, Ts. Re-examined.-Before 1 saw the two checks I mnentioned - to you (Mr. Mullens) the correct amount of them. The flourishing (alluding to the cancelling of one of the checks) was on one of them when I presented it. (The -witness was evidently mistaken in this assertion. 1 Mr. Samuel Pike.-I carry on the business of a drvsalter at 70, Lower Thames-street. Up to the Ist of August Inst I was in partnership withthe prisoner. After the dissolution he left at the counting-house a desk which contained three compartments, of one of which he had the key. Spittle, the eflicer, broke the compartment open andtoolk eertzidnapers out of it. Mrs. Cornelius Parsons, honsekeeper to Mrs. Punt, the proprietress of the Sun coffeehouse, Fish-street-hiLl said, -The prisoner lodged with us. I pointed out to Spittle the room occupied by the prisoner, and he took away some things which the prisoner hadleft there. Spittle, the detective officer, said,-I searched the room referred to by the last witness and found a pass-book, which I produce, in a drawer. It is a pass-book of the Royal British Bank, labelled " Cooper, Pike, and Company," I found six cancelled checks in the pocl-et of the book, all signed "J. Cooper," five of them bearing the number 13,913. Mr. M£ullens.-Two of the forged checks are drawn upon that number, which talies with the prisoner's own book. The LORD MAYOR.-Yes, I saw that, and was rather usuprised at finding that they were not consecutive numh ers. VWitness.-The checks are lettered A.. C., 13,913." Thetwo checks cashed for251. and 161. 10s. bear those letters. On Saturday last I went to No. 70, Lower Thames-street and broke open a desk which was pointed out to me by Mr. Pike. I found therein, among other things, the book which I pLreduce, it being a printed order for delivery of goods, in blank. The counterfoils and blank orders are nwnbered in that book. I looked at tbo counterfoil number 250. I find that it exactly corresponis with the order for a check-book urporting to be addresse& by Gatti and Co. to Messrs. ucoge, the bankers. In the deslk I also found 1S checks, it'h the letters " A. ., 13,913." Mr. Caleb Baker, of the firm of Gatti and Co., Coppice-row, ClerkenweD, said,-The signatulre' to the order produced upon Messrs. Rogers, the bankers, and purporting to be ours, tS not in our handwriting. It is a very good imitation of our sigXnature. tr. J. Coltson was further examined and said,-Since I was here last I have madeafurtherexamination of the large check-book, and discovered a place where a whole leaf was missing in addition to the Slxreo cheeks which I then stated I had missed. I recollect the 9th of August, when I gave the prisoner a check for 20M. in erchange for gold. On that occasion ho brought tomy office 150 sovereigns, and he told me that his solicitor, Ur. Thompson, had sold a cottage for him in Lambeth. I then made the remark to him that it was a very poor one to fetch only 1501. He said be had been to the west-end, and had just received the money for the cottage. Cross-examined.--When I made the discovery of tihe forgeries it immediately occurred to me that the prisoner had conmmitted them,-in the first place, because he had lately been so frequently to my office, and, secondly, from the character of the handwriting. The prisoner and I -ere ab Echool together. Mr. Dixon, lerk in the Royal Britis.h Bank, was lurther examined, and said,-I have looked at the order produced for t-he check-bok, signed "J. Cooper and Co." I have examined our check register book, and find that the book was delivered out in pursuance of that order. Mr. Mullens.-I have summoned. Mr. Thompson, the prisoner's solicitor, as a witness, and I require that be shall be sworn. * Mr. Thompson.-I decline bein" sworn- and I oask your Lordship-whether an attorney whso has' sworn npon his oath to proteet the interest of his client is to'be examined, The L,r. ORD vor-Ihave not yet heard any question. You have not been swvorn here. Mr. Thompson.-The present Lord Chief Baron has ruled tbat an attorney in no case -whatever ought to be examined as a witness against his client. I submit that I am privileged as the prisoner's attorney. The LORn MAYOR.-Suopose you are asked where you liv-, -what can be your objection to answer that question ? You must be sworn. ;Mr. Thempson.-If you decide that I must be sworn, be it so, but I shall use my own discretion as to answering questions that may be put to me. The LORD MYoR.- -r shall not allow any question to be put that may unfairly affect your client. You are an attorney, and kmow the law. Mr. Thompson was then sworn. Mr. Mullens.-Where is your office ? Mr. Thompson,-At 135, Fenchurch-street. Lr. Mullens.-Have you for some time past acted as attorney for the prisoner?7 r. Thompson.-Yes, I ha3ve. Mr. Mulleas.-During that; time have you sold a cottage at Lambeth for the prisoner" Mr. Thorn-son.-ThatI ref usc to answer. The LonRmD&roit.-I cannot force a reply to any question.. Mr. Thompson.-That is part and parcel of the oath wshichl took on rmy admission as an attorney, not to divulge the secrets of my client ; nor will I do so. The LonD MAY0RY .-I do not pretend to sit here like a judge at Nisi Prius. The question is pub to you as the attorney of your client. You say you object to answer it, and there is an end of it. Yu do o'bjecb to answer that questionI? Mr. Thompson.-I do. I1' friendimnow3 that it isnmost imparopart put such a questhon. Mr. Mu]lens.-I submit that I aml entitled, in point of law, to have an answer to -the question. I am not aking Mr. Thompson respecting the subject of any communication between him and his cliont, nor respecting anyciroma. stanco which could havo been revealed to hi n confidence in his dlients business by any other person. 1 am askdng hin a question of fact,-whether he has sold a cottag4 in Lambeth for the prisoner. Mr. Thompson.-It would be the most dangerous thing in the world if an attorney were allowed- to answer such. a 4uestion. . The Legislature has mnost properly laid it doiwn ihat an attorney shall not be caUled upon to revealthe secrets of his lient. My friend knows thatit is highly inproper to ut such a question. Mtr. Muinen.-Not at all. The LoiD' WAIYoa.-That is an imputation which you sre notjustiied in m&aing. I think it had better be put upon the deposition that the question was put to the witness; and that he refused to answer it. - . ' Mr. Thompsori.-I refuse to ansWer ihe question, resting upon ,y,vrivilege as an attorney. . hIu31ens.-During the last six months, have you sold aDy ottag6 at Lambeth ?7 - Mr. Thompson.-That I refuse to' answer. If you ConfG .youiself to a sale to sonie identical person, I wili tell T he LOan IIYOIs.-Surely.that is a proper que4ion? Rave you sold any cottage at Lambeth within tle. last six months7? Mr. Thompson.-I decline to answer that. - Ir. Mullens.-Have you recently received from the pri. soner two check-books ?- Mr. Thompson.-That I refuse to answer. - The LORD MAyo&o-Upon what round ? Mr. Thbmpson.-I submit th-at-i. hive no right to give evidence aga nst my client. - - - Mr. Mullens.-He basthe two bo6ks ii his possession,aeid I require them to be produced. I will netallow him to shelter himself underthe&lea of -privilege from their pro diction. -- The iLoa MxG*7-Yon must , inaswr- that queJ.tioi. X 1&. -Thomrsn m-, thr: a,s Xt goes, the~ -prisoner. hu given me no eocke .w;hatever. ¢ . - , - X ..Mr. )fullens.-MyJquesiion referred to oLel-boolg. The7Loscn bfA&YOs..-s be gtSiven uuoech&-books? -lfr. Thompson.-No chack-books wrhatever nsor any other books.:-' . -vr; i. - r ].fullens.-Has the prisoner-Teenlitly given you two check books 7 -Answer "Ye3" .or "o." : -- Mr Thbompson-I. -have. answered your question, I M ur. lleng.-Have you in Tour- possession two cheek books belinging to the prisoner ! - - - - I -r..Thompaon.-Tht I objeetto answer.- The LonD fon.-I athnk you are bound to answer like any other witness. "Yea -or " Niv to a question ofiI that sort.' There is a liait to the exairiatibn. Certinly, you have no right whatever to answer concerning any nirvi-l leged communication, -nor do I. think you need answer anYthing that may by-and-bT indirectly lead to it: but thi] is A matter of fact, to-whlcl-yo°u are bound to answer "Yes" or "NoY -M.. Thoinpscn.-I can state; asawell known rule cfllawin the superior courts, that an. attorney is mot obligea to answer any questions in inlation to his client, and which - maYaffot ht lienttsinteresta. - '- ' hsou will tell me that an attorn ey is never calleel to give evidence at 3trial in i civilcourt? - Er. Thomps ot ist his own client 31r. Muluens,-Hve you int your possesion two check. books, or any book, belonging to the prisoner ?7 i r. Thompson.-ThitX bb-leerEo'answer.- - r.Mullens.-Do you knowMr. Chizlett? - Mr. Thompson.-Yee - - Mr. Mullens.-Does' he carry on business at Fish.streelhill or elsewhere ? Mfr. Tb ompson.-I believe so. - r. Mollns.-Have you received from Mr. Chizlett a cbecklbook ? Mr. Thompeon.-I object to that. , The LoED AyoR.-Is Mr. Chizlett a client of yors ? Mr. Thompson.-He is a.client ofmine, andI object to answer the question on the ground of my privilege. The LoRa MAYoa.-Do you unean to say that these c'heck-bookr are likely to injure 3ir. Chizlett, Mr. Thompson.-I do not say either one way, or the other. What T claim is my privilege-that I have no right to answer any question in relation to any clients that I have, cither directly or indirectly, according to the oath I took; on my admisson as an attorney. - 'Jr. Mullens.-I am not going to ask your Lordship to commit Mr. Thompson now, buxt on the neit occasion I shall take another course of proceeding, and I give him fair warning of it. He has Ieen summoned here. Mr. E CsiClett was then sworn, and said-I am manager of the Swan Tavern, at No. 5, Fisa-street-hil. I kmow the nrisouer. Eo left a parcel in my ossession about last Taesday week, bht he did not tell me what it contained. fter the prisoner was apprehended I saw the contents of the parcel. After I had examined them Mr. Thompson applied to me for them, and I gave thnem upn to him. Mfr. Mu7llens.-Did Mr. Thompson state in wfhat char-acter he had for them? heippled for showed me a note that he had received from the Prisoner, directing me to deliver them to him. 3Mr. Mudlens.-Vid yoe deliver the contents of that parcel to 1Ir. ThompsonI? 'Witness-1 did. MEr. Mulaens.-Now, what were the contents of the parcel ? Witness.-I believe there were tro check-books and an order-book. I did not look into the books myself. I saw that they were check-books. Mr. ?dilens.-Do you Inow upon what bank they were? Witness.-No, I do not. MIr. Mnilens.-But there were two check-bco9s? Witness.-Yes, and an order.book. Mr. Mluaens.-I have now traced' the books into the possession of Mr. Thompson, and there I leave the matter for the present. The LoarD 4M0op-My opinion is that Mr. Thompson mnst produce those books. Mr. Thompson.-If your Lordship says I am to do so, I suppose I must. I shall beh happy to produce them for what they are worth, but I claim my privilege notwithstandin. The tLORD M'OB.-If ;hat you state were to be held good law, every document that could by any possibility prevent a conviction would only have to be handed to a prisoner's solicitor, with a view of defeating the ends of justice. All the pocketbandkerchiefs which are in the first placestolen,andthen taken fromprisoners, wouldbehanded to solicitors, whose clients would escape with impunity. It would be straining the meaning of the word privilege to a most alarming ectent if your argment were good law, and Iam auite certain that it is not. MIr. MIlens (to Mr. Chizlett).-Is Mr. Thompson -your solicitor? Mr. Chizlett.-Yes; I bave employed him as my solicitos sometimes. The prisoner was then remanded. Edward Tucker, foreman in the employment of Messr Robinson and Company, wholesale stationers and ba. makers, carrying on business in Upper Thames-street; Pdarvd Stirling, a printer, carrying on business in Labour-invain.yard, city; and William flurley,a c-ommission agent, were again placed a the bar for further examination, the frst.named prisouer being- charged with robbm2 Mr masters of 7Blb. wight of paper Sags. and the twolatter with receiving the property, well knowing it to have-been stolen. Mr. Wontner again attended to conduct the prosecution; Mr. G. Lewis apseared for Stirling, Tucker and Hurley were not defended. Tlhe dpeositons taken at the last exaSination having been read, further evidence was adduced connectinlg the prisoners -,vith the robbery and disposal of the property. The prisoners, who aft;er the uasual caution said they should reserve their defence, were hillly committed for tnal Mfr. Lewis applied that his client, Stirling, might be admitted to baiL The LODD MLAYon refused the application. Bowv-SRsmE.--Alister M''Dougpll and Robert D. Ford were charged with a burglary at the house of Mr. W. H. Cox, printer, of 5, Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. Folhce-constable John Haynes, l15 F, saw theprisoners loitering about at 2 o'clock in the morning, and, nBecting not to see them, took an opportunitytowatching their movements. He heard them forcing the area door of Mr. Cons house, and after procuring the assistance of another constable (Miner, F 20), with a lantern, proceeded to the s.pot. They saw the prisoners with a light inside the kitchen, the door of which had been forced in. 'Dougall, hearing a noise, came out into the ares and lay down upon the flagstones. The officers sprang theirrates,and ten both prisoners made an attempt to cmbup the iligs and escape. M?Dougall drew a inife and madeastabat IHaynes, whose hand was slightly cut in warding off the blow. On reaching the pavement he tore himself away, and Iwas followved by Idiner, whom heasLo attempted to stGab. AX I third constable (E3dwards, X. 344) havin' arrived by this time, both the prisoners were secured. tI'Dougall threw. Mrhi knife dowfn an area in Wild-street, where it was afterwards fou7nd. Inspector Mackenzie stated that the prisoners on being hbrougrt the station made no reSly to the charge, and refased to s'tate where they livedL n visiting the house in Queen-street afterwardss he found that an attemut had been first made to force the kitchen windows with a "jermny," which was picked up in the pantry. The bolt of the area door was forced of. I Mary Shtpleton, th-i housekeener, deposed that the door was secured the previous night. Nothing had been stolen, but she found some licifer matches sticlng up in the butter. A box of matches corresponding with these -was taken from M'Dougall's pocket. Ford aid he was charged with burglary. How could that be? The door forced open had nothing to dowith the dwellinghouse. It was a sort of pantry outside. . Joseph Mackeuzie.-jut it leads to the door of the kitchen, which was also0 forced open. Mr. HALL.-You have raised a question purely legal, and I will go and see the door myself. Theprisoners, who are both, known, were then remanded for a weekr.'- Williamn Bateman, an erranudoy iu the service of Mr. IL G.Bohn, bookseller, of York-street, pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing books, and was sentenced to sinm-onths' imprisonment. WMSTMMSrne.-Owing to an inadvertencea an error occurred in the account of the German Legion case repor'ed under this head in -our last. The question from Mr. Beckham to Major Yates should have been, " Havo you nothadhim placed under arrest?' instead ' 6f, "Have you not been placed under arrest?" to which the answer is appended in the report. * -: - CasERannrIwaL-Jmes ERnight, czMa Bonnyface, and Ellen Xnight, aliTs Marr Mliman, -two well-known characters, residing at 23 Cpel-place, Coram-street, IRussellsquare, were chaipewith having manufeactred a quantity of counterfeit coin, and also with unlawfuly having in their possession a number of basecoins, and the implements for-the manufacture of the same. The prisoners were remanded. - ' LLNmserH.-Elixa Crisp, a seamstress, -was finallyexamined before the Hon. G. C. NORTON, on a charge ofunlavfully pawningthrea pair of trousers, the property of Joseph Alloway. - Fromthe statement ofthecomlainant-it appeared that he was a tailor, and contracted to nvake up =Ip work for Mr. Bousefield, of Sl. May Axe. Thezcontnrce for mainag menr's sie cord trousers-was Od. per pair, and these he gave out to the defendant at 7Ad. or 8d. perpair, leavinz himn a profit en their hbour of fuilly ld. a-par. - He gave half-a-dozen pair of oord trouserstothe defendanLt to make, and she panned three pafir out of them. - , - The defendant, in reply to the charge, said she hwas drven to the act of paning thetrou6ser3'rom sheer necessty, and to enable her to live while- sle -made unp the remaining threeo pair. She-suda that she had to purchase herown thread and twistwvith -which to maake up the arments, and when these erticles were dedufcted from the ,.d. alowed her for their make sbe could not - anmore tln Sd, m 12 hours' hard work-- - ' ' - - Mr. HomayOW observedl that the system of middlemen wasz truly horrible, and never found to.Anxwer either in this country or in-ieland. On;thecontre, as ithepre3ent! instance. it was alwq7s found to *Grwk ma Ost oppres-vey. Industrious peoplesumght stnve Wt bo e but with schan abominable s Istem as that ofcoipellnglhem tonaske up such a pair of tronsers as those produe fo 7d.; 8d, or, even Od. he (. lorton) Isad'toleun how-the could; avoid being dishone He might ask how the prisoner ould holbe ty ofsuc'aanunlaw ctas that-with which. sh6 was charged - but the questiort va how she opld avoidw it, ana, under die c Ircuiistane he did l nt see bowlhe' could- punish her. - T pawnbrokes would returi the things, andAhlowy (them]iddlenilany wold peythe dten. danf the poor pittane allowed lbez-for their mai}e. -Thewdrrthr magistate, to. the' apparent pacification of all prssent, discharged the poor 'seamstress. ,,- WANDSWORT}}.-Mfr. flayman -banded tEe reporter two letters lhe had reeived, one from 3ir. B, T. Smitb, Je lessee of Dny-1a*Tbe, cn3eamgti of the poor family of George itb ornvwevit, - Wio ear 2sitfei-giu!cide ihronugh_.wat, the particuls f wiLjx * pQeared in The rtirze; ondthe other tnolosinxg; osaoi order- for- 21., i paable to- Mr. ombe, by. Chad BLngor. This c;so didnot oriezmoy. meunder,tho r*ion :of hlr, PDyda , hut threport of 1heinquetstatitiigi&at the family lived in the Wandaworih-road, it was pre#m-jid --hi, the -benevolent donors .thit.he h#d cogiiznceof the cue. Aa. Dayman also informid, theo reporter tha lbe widow eame to him that momirg, Jnd heha de =eaonry over to her s desiredl. From thefinquiries made it pwsre that the widow, -who hau foar ciUildren, is a very zespwa,ble person, but is in great distre. The other donations7e. calvIed onr Saturday hAve-also been handed over to he:i
-WHUM is rAm BjiSr?Oi-On Sunday last Li most disgraceful disturbance took ploe at Christ Chich. Cemetery, West Hartlepool, arising out -of the existing unpleasantness between the Rev. - L. Burges, insur'bent, and 3fr. IL W.- Jackso. The account .wCe have received of the maater is ma foUlows '-A funraewas to take place in the groUnds of the cemeterY on Sundylast, and, as incumbent of Weat Harlenool aLndI chaplain of the cemetery, Mr. Barges of course eonsidered it Iiis duty to officiate. He went to tho cemetey, therefore, for thLe purpose of exercising hife proper ininsterial office, uibefo reaching-lhe place of burial he saw Mr. Jackson and his son, M-. N., Jackson, hastening to the spot. Oni ariving at the cense tery lr. Burges went into ths Ieeper`s l wdee, wheei he usually robes, to put on his sauplice, and while fiere turned round to speak to a member of the congregation who he supposed was present in the aparbrnent, Lavina accompanied Min to the cemetery. To his great suprTise,, however, he found that the door of the lodge was secu;ed, both Mr. IL W. Jackson -and his son resting with their backs against it, evidently -with the intention of preventing him gettinz ont. He attempted to -force his may out.. but was mpushed iolently back three or four times by Messrs. Jackson, the elder of whom held in his hand a. teter, whichhe desireahIr. Burgestoread. There. entleman said he would read nothing while he vas a prisoner5 but that if permitted to go -out he wouid both read the letter and return an answer. He again attempted to effect his exit from the apartment, but was again dashed baok by Messrs. Jackson, and he then went to the window and called out 'Police !" Theinspectorofpolice,whowasatthecemete-y, went to the 'windovr, and was asked by Mr. Burges t release him, but he said he could not interfere. Mr. Burges then asked him to send to Mr. Itolbinson, or to Mr. Dixon, magistrates. Mr. W. Jackson said Mr. Dixon had no jurisdiction in the matter. Mr. Burges said Mr. Dixon had juisdiction, as he was a county- maistrate. He was detained in the lodge about 20nmir.utes,,hen thepeople, becoming excited, appeared determined to take out the 'window. They expressed themselves very indignant at his detention. Hle desired that theywould not takle ou; the vindow, and31r.Jackson, fearing that probably some disturbance wvoud arise, told Mr. Burges if he would take off his surplice he would let him out. 7Mrr. Burges replied. that -Mr. Jackson had no right 'ahatever to detain him; and that he would not take off the surplice, as he had put it; on for the performance of the usual service of the churcL, Shortl afterwards, the Rev.-Ridley,Vicar of Stanton, came up, andthen MX. Jackson, handing him a surplice out of the iodge, desired him to rut it on and do duty. - Mr. Burges ngaSn a4temoted to get ou., but was again pushed hack. T a few mninutes afterwards Mr. Xidley lMoiaed at the door of the lodge for admissicn. He said Mr. Burges was notthe lawful person to do duty. Mr. Bges said, "Mr. Ridley, you received a letter from the bishop, telling you not to interfere 'with me in the dischar-e of my duty;.yon are, therefore, disobeying the orders of your ciocesan." Mr. Ridley admitted havingreceivedthe ordermentioned byhfr. Burges, but said he mas only desired not to interfere until the bishop had given his decision, and that since then the bishop had decided that he would not interfere. ' Then," said Mr. Burges, "you are tenfold more wrong in interfering." Rather than that a scene should tak-e place, at the grave of the deceased whom he was about to himy; Mr. Burges told Mr. Ri2dey he would give way, and that he might bury the child; only he did not resign his right to do the duty. and should protest in presence of the people. He was then let out of the lodge, and when outside the door protested. Mr. Rsdley and Mr. Jackson entered the cemetery, and Mr. aidley got into tho reading desk, Mfr. Jackson standing near him. The fafther of- the deceased cisld thereupon took up the coffin, and left the church with it, greatly excited, and declared that a knife should be put through his heart before he allowed Mr. Ridley to do duty over his child. He said he would allow no one but M. Burges to perform the service. Mr. Burges having, after he had made theprotest. against Mr. Ridley's doin't the duty, taken off the surplice, was a'ouit turrning away from the cemetery vwhen MEr. Jackson called out to him to return and-read the service, andMfr Ridley said, "M hr. Burges, I will give you leave to read the service." rr.Burges said howe not do so on Mr. Ridley's permission; if he undertook the duty he should do itas hii own, 'when lr. Ridley hurried him into the room, and told him to take the surplice hb (Mr. Ridley) then had, and also the book. Mr. Jackson at the same time ca1led out to the people, evidently-much alsamed, that -i-. Bur. ges was coming and would be out in a minute. The sexton of the church interf6red, and, brought fr. Burges his own surplice, in 'which the rev. gentleman then went to the grave and buried the child. Mr. Jackson and Mr. Bidlev turned away from the cemetery, the people, we are told, hooting them a considerable distance. Seurely it is igh time, for the credit of - the church, as well as of the persons interested in this disgraceful and unpleasant dispute, that some steps shouldbe taken to terminate the strifewhich has been too long andtooardentypushedforward in HartiepGooL PnsmRV±nON OF Lrra~ rxoa SmpswrtE .-On Thursday IL meetingof the Royal National Lifeebot nsti. tution 'was held at its house, John-street, Adelphi, Captain LambertPerrott in the chair. Mr. Ievds, the secretary, having read the minutes of the preous meeting, thc silvermedal of the institution .and l1. were voted to a sailor named William Cawaway, of- Lyme Begis, in acknowledgment of his very gaUlant conduct in plunging ito the sea, in attempting to rescue amauwo was throw.n oet of a boat near that place on the occasion of the late regatta at Iyme. The unhappy man, Thomas i todder, was drowned, hut CalIav ay 'was considered to have acted wth muchl bravery and promptitude on the occasion, and to have freely hazarded hsown life in the duty of rescoino' a brother sailor. A reward of 6L. lOs. was also voted to t'se crew-of the lifeboat of the institution stationed at Barmouth, in censcideratioct of their laudable services in putting off in the lifeboat and rescuing the crew of three men of the smack Ann and Catherine, 'which was stranded near the old lighthouse cf that place duricg a heavy gle of 'wind en the 25th of July. A reward of 6. l03. was lIkewise granted to the crew of the lifeboat of the society stationed at Bude Haven, for putting off in the boat on the 13th ult. with the view of rendering assistance to a vessel which wis observed to have a signal o£ distress hying. Before the lifeboat had, however, got a mile from the shore the ship was fortunately seen to pull down her colours and stand off to sea. A re'-ard of 2 was also voted to a iisherman named John Pen.t, of Torquay, in consideration of his valuable services n rescumg, with his boat, in which he'wss at the time alone, two persons, whose boat had sunk durin a heavy squall off Noose Point. A reward of S0 WS am voted to the crew of 15i men of X Pakefield yawl, in testimony of their gallant conduct in rescuing, at considerable riklto their lives, the crew of five men of the :French sloop Gorland, which duinDg thick weather was wrocked on the Newcome Sand on the evening ofthel2ta of July lat; alstothesecorid service cAsp to lieutenant Gould, R..1. (to whom the silver- medalof the institution Was voted for- previous -services in IS4S), for rescing, with his boat's crew of si men, who had received 251. for salvage, fousr men -and two vwomen from -the brig George lord, w hich during a strong gile was wrecked near Brook Coastgua*d sta.tion;lslTe- of Wvight. It 'was said tha at the recent Y-armouth. teg-altta some interesting trals were made withvaiens lifeboats and other life'preseraing paratus which were of a 'very satisfactory character. rcis Americaui life-saving car, which was presented to the institution by Mr. A. W. Jaffray, merchant, of St. SIdred's-cout, was also successfully experimented with on the occasion. It s likewise reported that the forthcomsing number of the Afcbobt 7zoutrnal would contain a detailed description, 'witlsever&l illustrations, of the lifeboat now adopted with so much success by the institution. KOTOFoLK AND C AxcngoLoC-ib c SocrY. -This society had their annual summeer -excursion on Wednesday. The members met at the Town-hall, Great Yarmouth, at- half'past' 10,' and' shortly afterwarls commUeined a journey through the adjoining hundreds of-Eas and WestTlegg, one of the mist eritiIe dashricts of Niorfolk. They visted in succession Caistor CasUe, a pict-uresqe and venerable ruin, the stronghold of Sir John Falstolf in the 15th century, and the. parish churches of Filby, Burgh, Marthai, Ormesby, ko.- Observations were offared at-tbe various yoints of interest by several -members; and, the weather oeing delightfullyfine, -the pleasures of thd day rerwithoualloy.n At 5 in theafternoon theopa-rtre turned to Yanrouth, andto public dinier took place in the Town-hal. The mayor of the borouzh (Kr.-C. J. Paimer) dosted the proceed4ings of the, daybv aS oux c at his res;dlence. - -- -~ [Adveriemnent.7-Alfed Latharn, TEq., is {he geatlemanrecomunended ythe CourtI; of D o the ank of AMEnnd to fil'Ke eancy i: the direction 04caaiE±ia by thie decese of -Henry Janes'Presoto Esq.- 4Adveriaui~t.3-Tl *'SurndayTimes (pzpreto rk. IuL.all the new of the week, the ~-aath nU ot jta Rome and rc s IoDl2e, aCelai i Waaick sad -- B m , G a_ - k' U. team Ano et e*W *- 4,,yhod en 2naningard *fwtmnoe Ic ee,my cfruate An editionw Xt Fs') 3Sid : ex o mi Sudyeaa.- StaDs inlay ce of the 1tat& n,w up to awriththe "S:nday 1 ii bM A in, . t veuuauncU onlwibvecc su e tof tbe " day7lm*in t i heo di in I noo I e i ted d me. Ofiuce, fu, e
-WHUM is rAm BjiSr?Oi-On Sunday last Li most disgraceful disturbance took ploe at Christ Chich. Cemetery, West Hartlepool, arising out -of the existing unpleasantness between the Rev. - L. Burges, insur'bent, and 3fr. IL W.- Jackso. The account .wCe have received of the maater is ma foUlows '-A funraewas to take place in the groUnds of the cemeterY on Sundylast, and, as incumbent of Weat Harlenool aLndI chaplain of the cemetery, Mr. Barges of course eonsidered it Iiis duty to officiate. He went to tho cemetey, therefore, for thLe purpose of exercising hife proper ininsterial office, uibefo reaching-lhe place of burial he saw Mr. Jackson and his son, M-. N., Jackson, hastening to the spot. Oni ariving at the cense tery lr. Burges went into ths Ieeper`s l wdee, wheei he usually robes, to put on his sauplice, and while fiere turned round to speak to a member of the congregation who he supposed was present in the aparbrnent, Lavina accompanied Min to the cemetery. To his great suprTise,, however, he found that the door of the lodge was secu;ed, both Mr. IL W. Jackson -and his son resting with their backs against it, evidently -with the intention of preventing him gettinz ont. He attempted to -force his may out.. but was mpushed iolently back three or four times by Messrs. Jackson, the elder of whom held in his hand a. teter, whichhe desireahIr. Burgestoread. There. entleman said he would read nothing while he vas a prisoner5 but that if permitted to go -out he wouid both read the letter and return an answer. He again attempted to effect his exit from the apartment, but was again dashed baok by Messrs. Jackson, and he then went to the window and called out 'Police !" Theinspectorofpolice,whowasatthecemete-y, went to the 'windovr, and was asked by Mr. Burges t release him, but he said he could not interfere. Mr. Burges then asked him to send to Mr. Itolbinson, or to Mr. Dixon, magistrates. Mr. W. Jackson said Mr. Dixon had no jurisdiction in the matter. Mr. Burges said Mr. Dixon had juisdiction, as he was a county- maistrate. He was detained in the lodge about 20nmir.utes,,hen thepeople, becoming excited, appeared determined to take out the 'window. They expressed themselves very indignant at his detention. Hle desired that theywould not takle ou; the vindow, and31r.Jackson, fearing that probably some disturbance wvoud arise, told Mr. Burges if he would take off his surplice he would let him out. 7Mrr. Burges replied. that -Mr. Jackson had no right 'ahatever to detain him; and that he would not take off the surplice, as he had put it; on for the performance of the usual service of the churcL, Shortl afterwards, the Rev.-Ridley,Vicar of Stanton, came up, andthen MX. Jackson, handing him a surplice out of the iodge, desired him to rut it on and do duty. - Mr. Burges ngaSn a4temoted to get ou., but was again pushed hack. T a few mninutes afterwards Mr. Xidley lMoiaed at the door of the lodge for admissicn. He said Mr. Burges was notthe lawful person to do duty. Mr. Bges said, "Mr. Ridley, you received a letter from the bishop, telling you not to interfere 'with me in the dischar-e of my duty;.yon are, therefore, disobeying the orders of your ciocesan." Mr. Ridley admitted havingreceivedthe ordermentioned byhfr. Burges, but said he mas only desired not to interfere until the bishop had given his decision, and that since then the bishop had decided that he would not interfere. ' Then," said Mr. Burges, "you are tenfold more wrong in interfering." Rather than that a scene should tak-e place, at the grave of the deceased whom he was about to himy; Mr. Burges told Mr. Ri2dey he would give way, and that he might bury the child; only he did not resign his right to do the duty. and should protest in presence of the people. He was then let out of the lodge, and when outside the door protested. Mr. Rsdley and Mr. Jackson entered the cemetery, and Mr. aidley got into tho reading desk, Mfr. Jackson standing near him. The fafther of- the deceased cisld thereupon took up the coffin, and left the church with it, greatly excited, and declared that a knife should be put through his heart before he allowed Mr. Ridley to do duty over his child. He said he would allow no one but M. Burges to perform the service. Mr. Burges having, after he had made theprotest. against Mr. Ridley's doin't the duty, taken off the surplice, was a'ouit turrning away from the cemetery vwhen MEr. Jackson called out to him to return and-read the service, andMfr Ridley said, "M hr. Burges, I will give you leave to read the service." rr.Burges said howe not do so on Mr. Ridley's permission; if he undertook the duty he should do itas hii own, 'when lr. Ridley hurried him into the room, and told him to take the surplice hb (Mr. Ridley) then had, and also the book. Mr. Jackson at the same time ca1led out to the people, evidently-much alsamed, that -i-. Bur. ges was coming and would be out in a minute. The sexton of the church interf6red, and, brought fr. Burges his own surplice, in 'which the rev. gentleman then went to the grave and buried the child. Mr. Jackson and Mr. Bidlev turned away from the cemetery, the people, we are told, hooting them a considerable distance. Seurely it is igh time, for the credit of - the church, as well as of the persons interested in this disgraceful and unpleasant dispute, that some steps shouldbe taken to terminate the strifewhich has been too long andtooardentypushedforward in HartiepGooL PnsmRV±nON OF Lrra~ rxoa SmpswrtE .-On Thursday IL meetingof the Royal National Lifeebot nsti. tution 'was held at its house, John-street, Adelphi, Captain LambertPerrott in the chair. Mr. Ievds, the secretary, having read the minutes of the preous meeting, thc silvermedal of the institution .and l1. were voted to a sailor named William Cawaway, of- Lyme Begis, in acknowledgment of his very gaUlant conduct in plunging ito the sea, in attempting to rescue amauwo was throw.n oet of a boat near that place on the occasion of the late regatta at Iyme. The unhappy man, Thomas i todder, was drowned, hut CalIav ay 'was considered to have acted wth muchl bravery and promptitude on the occasion, and to have freely hazarded hsown life in the duty of rescoino' a brother sailor. A reward of 6L. lOs. was also voted to t'se crew-of the lifeboat of the institution stationed at Barmouth, in censcideratioct of their laudable services in putting off in the lifeboat and rescuing the crew of three men of the smack Ann and Catherine, 'which was stranded near the old lighthouse cf that place duricg a heavy gle of 'wind en the 25th of July. A reward of 6. l03. was lIkewise granted to the crew of the lifeboat of the society stationed at Bude Haven, for putting off in the boat on the 13th ult. with the view of rendering assistance to a vessel which wis observed to have a signal o£ distress hying. Before the lifeboat had, however, got a mile from the shore the ship was fortunately seen to pull down her colours and stand off to sea. A re'-ard of 2 was also voted to a iisherman named John Pen.t, of Torquay, in consideration of his valuable services n rescumg, with his boat, in which he'wss at the time alone, two persons, whose boat had sunk durin a heavy squall off Noose Point. A reward of S0 WS am voted to the crew of 15i men of X Pakefield yawl, in testimony of their gallant conduct in rescuing, at considerable riklto their lives, the crew of five men of the :French sloop Gorland, which duinDg thick weather was wrocked on the Newcome Sand on the evening ofthel2ta of July lat; alstothesecorid service cAsp to lieutenant Gould, R..1. (to whom the silver- medalof the institution Was voted for- previous -services in IS4S), for rescing, with his boat's crew of si men, who had received 251. for salvage, fousr men -and two vwomen from -the brig George lord, w hich during a strong gile was wrecked near Brook Coastgua*d sta.tion;lslTe- of Wvight. It 'was said tha at the recent Y-armouth. teg-altta some interesting trals were made withvaiens lifeboats and other life'preseraing paratus which were of a 'very satisfactory character. rcis Americaui life-saving car, which was presented to the institution by Mr. A. W. Jaffray, merchant, of St. SIdred's-cout, was also successfully experimented with on the occasion. It s likewise reported that the forthcomsing number of the Afcbobt 7zoutrnal would contain a detailed description, 'witlsever&l illustrations, of the lifeboat now adopted with so much success by the institution. KOTOFoLK AND C AxcngoLoC-ib c SocrY. -This society had their annual summeer -excursion on Wednesday. The members met at the Town-hall, Great Yarmouth, at- half'past' 10,' and' shortly afterwarls commUeined a journey through the adjoining hundreds of-Eas and WestTlegg, one of the mist eritiIe dashricts of Niorfolk. They visted in succession Caistor CasUe, a pict-uresqe and venerable ruin, the stronghold of Sir John Falstolf in the 15th century, and the. parish churches of Filby, Burgh, Marthai, Ormesby, ko.- Observations were offared at-tbe various yoints of interest by several -members; and, the weather oeing delightfullyfine, -the pleasures of thd day rerwithoualloy.n At 5 in theafternoon theopa-rtre turned to Yanrouth, andto public dinier took place in the Town-hal. The mayor of the borouzh (Kr.-C. J. Paimer) dosted the proceed4ings of the, daybv aS oux c at his res;dlence. - -- -~ [Adveriemnent.7-Alfed Latharn, TEq., is {he geatlemanrecomunended ythe CourtI; of D o the ank of AMEnnd to fil'Ke eancy i: the direction 04caaiE±ia by thie decese of -Henry Janes'Presoto Esq.- 4Adveriaui~t.3-Tl *'SurndayTimes (pzpreto rk. IuL.all the new of the week, the ~-aath nU ot jta Rome and rc s IoDl2e, aCelai i Waaick sad -- B m , G a_ - k' U. team Ano et e*W *- 4,,yhod en 2naningard *fwtmnoe Ic ee,my cfruate An editionw Xt Fs') 3Sid : ex o mi Sudyeaa.- StaDs inlay ce of the 1tat& n,w up to awriththe "S:nday 1 ii bM A in, . t veuuauncU onlwibvecc su e tof tbe " day7lm*in t i heo di in I noo I e i ted d me. Ofiuce, fu, e
