DEATHS. On thre 2{th of October, 1SSD, at Batavia, Bobert Powelt Saul, q snerehant, aged 39, deeply regrettedhy all his friends. On the 5th of November, 155, at Shangi, on board HLM.S. Bareco,ta- Frederick Chrles- Dus5utoy. Eer. P3ymaster R.N.. aged 44, leasing awidow rauetinfant son tomourn lesto, On the 23l of November, at Ahore, from a fall from his horse lieutenant Alexander Itamaay, late 57th Regi, XL, eldest son of th; late Colonel 3tichaed Ra.nay, if.L s C., Oa the 15th ult, Julia, aged 71, daughter of the late Sir George Cooke, Bt, of Wheatley, nearDoncaster, at.Asieres, near Paris. On the 2th nlit.,at Sedgeleld,Saba, rclict of the lateJohnWheldo, RXq., and daughtr of the late John Wnght,Esq., sollictor, formerly of Durham On the 21st ult., at Rotterdam. Holland, Janet lHardie, the beloved sife of George Levingston, Eoq., of that city, after protracted suffering. On the 28th ult., after six months of severe sufferin& bome with' mucl Christian fortitude, Isabella E3Lsbeth. aged 14, eldest and dleeply lasmented daughter of the Rev. 0 11. Iluston, incumbent of St. Johlms Corch, Monlsham, Chelmsford. On the 29th ult., at 6 Victoria-place, Carlisle. in the 67th year of her a:e. Frances, nvidow of It-Colonel James livingston, late of the ionbay 'Native Infantry, and daughter of the late Sir Maford Jones Brydges, Eart, of Boultibrooke, Badnorshire. On Sunday, the 30th unt, at 117-sersmith. Robert irk)patrick, ZXs., solicitor, l3te of 6, Lincolnhs-inm-Seldls London. On the 30th Ilt., of epletpsy, Ann. wife of ir. John Begbie, of the Grosvenor Hotel, Park-street, aged 60. On the 31st tdt., at Penzance, 3fr Augustus Fischer, late of Upper CLapton, and 15, Great St. Helen', city, after long suffering, in his +'th year, deeply lamented by all who knew him. Ont the 3St nit., a: Knisrhisbeidre, lliam ,Lewis, Mq., aged fomerlt Captain in the etferd MilitiaX and Genlemanpsherto George ml, Geor-e IV , lliamU V., and to Hecr present Masjesty, sincerely regrette,!by lsorvowin sietr and crcle of frieuds, On?3thellStsit al..3ed 7S. Mary Fos. for b4 years the laithful saurat Of lhetlate John Mocice,Lct.oLNo: 1Z St. Helen's-place,Eisho0pegate On th 31st eli,, at Barwbur Wl3s,' i 1teyf Ar.thur 3feyrick, On theIst inzst.at Stoke Cottage, Stoke Newington, Mrs. Hop4raft, OTne T ayl, the lst inst. in Park-streee Grosvenor-square, Anne rzancees,third daughter of the late Fredlc. Reede, Esq., of Portlaud- On the 1st inst. at Eazh- rseth ingto F lam Earrett Annie, daughter of R. H. L audgi Ronui NsardIs4 On the It insU. at Xo. 3,11arlhorough-place, WaIworth-road, in the i2d yearof heraze, Mararet, reict of the late Mr. Richard Howard, of the above place. On the Ist inst., at Brighton, Mfary Westbrook aged 19, stepdaughter Of Mr. W. J Gardider. 8. hfontogaa-street Rasssedl-sqnare, On the Ist inst., suddenly, aged 60. much respected, Dinah. the lamented wife of Nir. Thomas Doubble, s., of Leather-Jane, St. Andrew's MEidlesex, OnWednesday, the 2d inst., at Wimbledon, M1r. James Oakrnan, in the 7Qth year of his age. Onthe t2d inst. at 24, Great queen-street, Lincoln7s-nn-Selds, Mr. Win. Lister, in the M7h year of his age. On the 2Id inst.. at lil, Bond-stret, Margaret Lawrance,widow of the late Those Alfred Maso, osq., aged 75. On the 2d inst., at his residenre 4, Belmont Villas, lewisham, Kent, - Jeffery Smith, in his n*st year, formerly of Cottonbs-whai;, Soth- wark. On the 2d inst, at the Vicarage, Irorshamn, Anna, youngest daughxter Of the Reo. John Fisher Hodgson. aged 7 months, On the Id hinst at 37, FoleY-place Isabella Anderson, the wife of Mr. Jonathan Soeen, and only daughter of Henry Stewart, Esq., of I a, Wevrmeuth-street, aged 4.1 On the 2d inst. sudndenty, at bis house, 21, Upper BWrkeley-street, rortmafn-square, Ideut- Colonel Jackson. On the 2d inst., at Limerick, blargaret aeigh, the wife of Lieut,-CoL Muller, and dau,ghter of Edward I<gh Pemberton, Boq. On the Sd inst., at 3, Allen Cottages, Bath-road, Hounslow, of consumption, Anne, the kind and affectionate wife of MIr. Dobotn, late mBeseIn,ll. On the 3d inst.. at 50, Upe,er Berkeley-street, Joins B3ethune Ross, Ire,., adsoctte, aged 37,
OADand REIEM EQ1JXED by a Jgftcbamors Commercial hotelBow-lano. OAl)D and RESIDENCE,-- ordyPareialing hi. L A y V.h.ayorgentleacmfn reeingezcOmfOtabehorn,,ahgooeza Vad eheieri- Yocety, cabessiv te adzaisb ipdl tddressF. ,. Phliss ASre-tet Apiae Ittnriomff ur BRIGHTON.-A ladyor gentlerman, orzgentlains asnd his Wife, unbeaccommodated inthefamilyo a profes6aIcel Germn gntlean ndbis ife (a Parisiln lady), awddig inmet the nes peLs o th ton. ra,Ldnandbdrooms with view of the lets. Terms two glereasesweeenandzequired-AAd. 0f BOARDERS.-A lady, residimgin one of thie. Tbeautiful housnsof KenEington-Parlc,BBCEIV78 twro or Uuseo&. B30RDI)KIV. weth ail the comforts otallonme. Address to B.. It, Xt3Mr. Woodruil's. t'ortobello-terrace, Kensngton-paLrk. id'1U.NTRY BOARD and RESIDENC E ANTEFD, 1~by a lady. aud Partial ditto for her son (who is in London duriag th dy) ina ltylocality, witbin 20 rUels of LOndon, and not.~ snore thantwo from railway.etation,where therm is -respectable an&: cheerful socilir-t. If comforta'ble, wil be Tequired for acmnny Terms not.toexeeiAXSOIper annum. Mefereoces;eqfr dsagis.-_ Address I? I-., Shaw and Co.'s, 124. Fenchurcb-ertre, A whoTI-NS Fresihde eA sinlegetleowr Stephanien-strasse, Bandedntn-BaTenm RT E T,Furnished.-A- single.f gentlematz ortwogh friedspecabiiy,rsidingoimo artable OME.uate,. Harrl,nm modeate. no cotherlodg-evryeess.arcmo' oaayn e m-L Apply to w cherfl, iry and co,uble4hueaentr al.cem Grosvenor-street, Grosvenor.sqsrare a rsigro,within hl nbo yri ronbso h iy Ters mderte.Apply at 4.S..noln-od etCme. square. PRTMENTS WANTED, i'or a* Aa~~entiemsn end his daughter, where eic,1 Situation not exceedig o'ie mile west of Russdlisquaye Addres A.B.. aeof la. larris, eby=ist, 37. 3omer-stret, Oxferrastreet, stating terms and number of rooms. LNUNIUSHED A-PARTMEFNT-S for single gentae.o mb3en in a quiet family, with no childmrn, at 22. Armflel-tearme; Barnsbory-park,. Islington; consisting of sitting room and one or two:bed roonni,with useof ba6throom,and key ofArundel-aquaro Term$moderate.I FURNISHED A-PARTMENTS, Close to WVestt F boomno-terrace-sitting room and one or two bedl roomns. TbAi roDms are large and lofty, very pleasant. Cleanulnefs particularly attendedto. Oumnibuases to all parts of town. Terms very rnisonablsi; -T. C. 3L, Mr. Key,s, 18, Westhourne-place, Paddington. Til IJNISEEDAPARTM TS 5St. Jasmales's r. f1URnihdNith comuiatn RO parlTous gentlemel lb (friends) can be accommodlated with TWO BEDROOM1S, a, lsnn. nmderate terms, in a highly respectable locality, within ama easy ditaceo the city. Breakfast and tea if required. Apply at 84, Guildford.strest. Rusell-square. Uf TNFURNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET- drawng rom ad second Se0r with a kitchen-at IA, Old Ca&. TNFURNISIED XPARTIMENTS.-To~ beLETSLJa large andf FLOORRT 101, with two or three other rooms, andspcius rot itcen T. to Os. 6dl. per week. No other lodgers mc childen. mnibuses,and sail to all parts.-5D. Huntingdon-sct,et Barburshy-park., -I"lgton. QECOND FLOOR to be LET, in a good neigbonr. K-7Fhood, consisting ot twopgpod rooms and large closet eqlual to M. third-It, Store-street,Bedorod-squre Bent £16. fICCADILLY.-A FIRST FLOOR to be LET, ceonsisting of sitting room,withone o-two bedrooms,handsoinrly furished. Termsmodcmateforgentlesmen. -Apply atA3~-opposite thechurch.. *.- B RIGHTON.'-APARTIreENTS, Furnished, (good J sea viewr)-Large drawing room,oneormoro bed rooms-fortlse winrter mnth,£ ltls., £ ae month. according to rooms; required. wit atedne.Ades .H, post-oficoe,Brighton. I ILBU RN.-Furnished Aartments.-Two oit Kthree gentlismen ~an fiji accommodted with THREsE BEDlROOMS and large S1TPMNG ROOME, with r,.rtia Board if required. Terms moderate. Addre~sto T. VWhte. centre of Kilburn. rmfo be LET, ulnfurnishcd2 a GROUND -FLOOR, bzz Stratford-place consistin o, aarefront dining rooim, with twa back rooms, communincating witheach oter. Hitchten. and extra be,z r,oom if required. Apply atil. Stratford-place, Oxford-swtret Yi"o be IAET, Fturnished, goodBED ROOM, with the use of sitti-r room, orsittingroom and,beEroom t ogetheri Lpei! week, includng' breakfast and ten. No extFans..:Y. Z., 9, AIbion. square north, Ifingsland. I1 Nthe be-stpart of CHELSEA.-AweIIFURNISHIL FIRST FLOOR, excellent attendance neitberchsildrennorlodgemg Tcrms nolnobj~ect to aquiet respectable tenant. Address 3.., caro ofldr. Ilaly. Sloane-square,Eaton-sqao HMR-EE, ROOMUS REQUIRED), by two gentlemen, T where there are no other loders, flve .minutes7 walk- from the rala ttOnCamden-town. Address, pro-aidc, stating tonal which musthemederate, and include alt extras, CF., 143, Strand. GEORGE-STREET, Hanover-square,the best part.. G -To be LET, Frurnished, a BED ROOMand SITTING ROOM on the ground door.,with eer~y convenience andaLtt~endance If takemt for a permanency the terms wil be mnoderate. Apply to M1r. Elinhin. stone. baker 227. Begent-streel, corner of Hanover-street. t.?RIXTON-ROAD.-A.PARTM cllnTist,1,FClrnisntd, GUmstpEaNTLYsiuae,N r FFRD iodn Gvrmn th siouaeiof r ay, Tohere theofrs deiosof a home mayg alah ei reomedTo, anbte beeTS refrencesgitenintetimo la eny. bchildren fobjce to.e yeamiboace costaneous pss.c Apply0 foDdepsst for. Davuies,f cbmtrsf, 1,'5. Clpmpt, plae,Br EYn-oCHAM ES- 1 rt--tet TOUGNTEMWNED. holdng Go'-crmesntstutions, nd0 Saieosdeseirousnfimprovwingtheir -anhromes-T beLEoT, a SItQUSIoNpwSS FteglRMISES,and PaIOB wxitih Thre ece lent Be Rooms,andktce,alfl oorrferrtdj yPurnisearttin p1agostd sibrabye siuaio. Hasben Tobacoit' form n asoeWayead. ~l by ettr only frmon to A.fC,C Trenwl nmews , Lowin ere Bilsomcqstreet. idge dr kssettemwtpriuatTli,tf.-og, FreerilespaeBOldKnd-sreet. BnsOo~Buo-tet HIA OUS WAUNTEDY Rent UEWNd taEsD,o to exceed, £0 Sixroresos-eny roomdlse,Surditbi harf-n-hurswalk of ien"no,na igeo oi PRE IS S,tfor a Pn rin gtin oom Ofin dithin. aen delow. ddress,wi oualdartederarbleo.. Hddrpsherp'. -t-fibrey, 7 WorBaerstreet Tuldor-d.a PesadCaeatd FAREEILY WAESID SIDE LAND, nearTE. Lonoi PouthrCHAS, tromRN onetryears wit-binSF seeaytohven ie fecm 1Loepndo-bridge.anddhresletteors, wigepattingcu omsra, toL. pp atrr' douesck-lac o, lhKn-road k. Peerdi ihln o forult Apennaeny.AtntdisEx. SurreyorLent wthns. nie (sothrly, o .EhT r URCHASE. eesayt zav 0o beS COAT, ia COTTAGE, aeryFomfoSltDblyFCTS7 ToishID,NE conitainigtbeerfurerptenrooms, otwtnadnot very±b.e pariwystu atind, and wti a shurl distance uv ofuhandon.dTer 1statiro, wpplyt A.pB.l,tostr-offe,tUpton-oyn-stevern.I S ITeLHforSa LDTJRCaFRANEHOD, aUSEAjB _ onJ the north, i withland roadom nthereast,andth ityroabfdonpthe-. buwest.r application instrituingonly torbeadcldreapply ato P. Cw,aznd .rd bWDero'1,. Shar-stureet Haklae be- NTtYe ESrgeWAREHOWASED,a6IIOCsnni Near a ststationhonttthe,Londonofand tto wou oogbakrSouth. with=CI~.IT.Preferrhed. Addes, Awtstheul prtiulars Aplto-L. E-_ JmbM ei=-Ahaton, usex.wl)on ILTOUSE ANTED, t RENT, o PR aIE,gentee TT~ b LE, n apitursqe prtof Sout-h Wales,'. inro ichn aty SURhYRee bAitederooms anndEsatdessigerom.2 sa eSL mael psesdaly iithi hoalfemie of the bone,an Cslsoatm onyl cinixelro h NaeriHredi Statio Witkiinclse' woith ithe iTchell 26 lreIsre edodsqae 7Tidort th GrXV ybomd HotlAboherg,ae,ind Etate cont~ MoAgnmoth,onemanewoladroyinuthe edrira pS mactirs to a wtheafdwellng-hn. swl, inbproVietaltow. heAemse areBeMld & averyalowirent, bathebotheces havngebeen rebuilt ytheietantrpohis tbmeaitryeajb£aTyafresaus!I~-id; now iequiredt orer-artl of -thi outlay Dend ter,ffcer,a onthse. ThmV rengoofdbI&nlngfuod irUasUret aLnd aondintiodustofwile given. Forgratisr)rtulamonGResm Applyuto 3. WPenfld. rehiectad suveyo, 2, OfnaIotoxwMninhno 7T~Oo SOD, pronat toaDeceeoftheHhCul -~adilausr'HdddllvWatMn.."withheap.
MONBY-MARKETanld CITYINTELLIW;NUE. Thursdw, Evening. The English ftnds have been. less agitated to-day,. 1but theyg have shown no signs of a tendency to recovely.. Consols, ,-which were quoted yesterday ifter regular hours at 87i to.i, opened at 871 Lo &, ---ad,-with the -exception of -a- period when-they touched-87-iranged between. 87A and ST7 throughouf the -day, the final tranactions behim t 87i to . For the 7th of Felria- tEe closing price wasi 87k. -to r Ii -the c hange the demand for mnoney was only moderates and in the discountmarket and at the-1ankof England there.waslikewise an absence of anysevere pressure, although great activi necessarily prevailed from the preparations for the payments to be met to-mjrrow. Tha absence of news.increases the dulness of the stockanarket, but the extent to which the belief has lately been acted upon by the p-ublic that the prevailing poliical su-spense will- end only in further discredit to German diplomacy is cal'&ulated to lessen the prospect of aany very IUfavourable fluctuation whenever the expected decision shalW arrive. In some quarters to-day au in crease in the Bank of England rate of discount was stron,ly anticipated, and from nothing htaving been done it is to be inferred the last week's acconDts ara - less unsatisfactory than had been supposed. It is from these returns only that an opinion of the imnecdiatenecessity for such a step can be formed. In the last statement the bulionheld was but 253,4621. Jess than at the date wghen the rise to f and 7 per -cent. was resolved upon in October, and, as the stibsequent increase of 475,0001. in the issue of notes was, of course,calculated to displace an equal amount of gold, the means of the establishment according to that statemenit were, consequently, still 216,5:M. in excess of the point at which -they stood when the present rate, of interest were adopted as sufficient. Should this sum, however, have since disappeared, together wvith any additional amount of importance, a further advance -will be iadispensable. It is true that about a million sterling may now be considered overduie from Australia and Mexico, that a continuance of moderate remittances are to be expected from the United States, anda that the last quotation of the rate of 'exchange at Calcutta and the further alteration lately made in the termsupon wkich the East Indiahouse are prepared to draw- are considered likely to -check the exportation of silver to the East. On the -other hand, there is the fact that, notnithstanding -the state of the exchanges and the transmission which has just taken place of more than 400,0001. of Australian gold to the Bank of France, further sums have been drawn from the Bank. either for -the Continent or Alexandria. At the same -time the Government- shipments are going on, and, although there may be no danger of the balance of the Turkish loan being required to be remitted, the effect of its being drawn ae7ainst at 'Constantinople must be to prevent the return of so mnuch specie that might otherwise occur from that quarter. Considering these circumstances, and also that it is much doubted whether the remittances to India and China will be found to have received so complete a check as has' been hoped for, it will be seen that uncertainty must prevail dnring the next -month or two as to the course of the Bank, and that much must depend upon that wlich is only l;noun to the directors themselves-namely, the state of the btulion from week to week. Bank Stock closed to-day at 205k to 2O6 ; Re'duced, 7gi to 3; New Three per Cenb, lU ; * Long Annuities, 3S-; Annuities, 1885, 161; Exchequerbonds, 97 to ); and India-bonds and Exchequerbills, 's. to 5s. discount. Foreign securities exhibited increased heaviness, sles having generally preponderated. In Tarhish there was a further decline, and transactions took blace in the Six per Cents. for the acconit t 81A, , is an a nd the fmal quotation was Sf to . Operations in the Guaranteed Foiur per Cent. ;Scrip ere recorded at 4 for money, and 3I, &, and : for the account. The last price was 4 to 3k dis-count. The general business comprise'l-Bmienos Ayrez at 54; Greek, 4-; Mexican, for account, -19; Russian Five per (ents., 97; the Four-and'a. alf per Cents., 87 ex. div.; the Small, 89; Sardinian, 811 to 82; Spanish Three perCents., 383 and A ; the New Deferred, 21i for mo!icy, and 21 for the account; and Dutch Two-and-?-%alf per Cents., G31 ex. div. The final quotations of the Frencul Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse to-day were W-3f. for -money and 63f. 75c. for the end of the month, :showing no material alteration from yetstcrday. 'The predominance of speculative over real jIurchases continues, and the rate for loans Oi Government securities appears to be as high as 9 per cent. Yesterday, it is said, the rate paid for carrying on transactions in Rentes and shares to tI;e next zaccount was at one time as high as 20 per ctOt. The shipments of specie by the Peninsilar and Oriental steamer Pera amount to 277,3071. of wlhich 30,742i. is goldfor Alexandria, Ceylon, Md;vlras, Sin'apore, and Hongkong, and 246,505?. silver for inombay, Madras, Calcutta, Penang, singapore, Hongkong, Canton, and Shanghai. This is less -than the amounts by the two previous m.als. which -were respectively 529,8631. and 370,6461. The draught of an act of Parliament ha itust been -deposited at the Private Bill-office for the establishment of the Imperial Hotel Company, who propose -t occupy the site of the National Gallerv. in Trafalgar-square. It 'is extremely concise. and is -the first biU of the kind deposited enibodying the Limited Liability Act with the pnwer to takle lands. The capital proposed to be raised is 1,000,000'. in shares of 101. each, and the entire extent of ground to be occupied is three and a half =cres. The projectors assume that the acknowvledged deficiency vith respect to such establishments in London as coMpared With other great cities will secure the favour of Parliament, and that, although -heir enterprise is likely to lead to the formnation of -several undertakings of a similar kind, the fact of the proposed situation being the finest and most appropriate that could be selected " will always render it the first sought for, and place it beyond ,competition." The following ex ts from a circular of Messrs. Cattley and Co. dated St. Petersburg, the l1th of Decemuber, describes the past and prospective state -of the Russian produce trade, as carried on by mneans of the overland transit throughl Pr-ussia: " Haing arrived at the period when exports can no longer be sent from St. Petersburi, Kovno, or places in the interior, with any chance of their shipment this year at the Prussian ports, we have the pleasure of waiting upon you withsuch information regardinz the export trade of this -ear as we have been able to colect from the best authorities on the subject of quntities forwarded. remaining, and qexpected as supplies forthe ensuingyear. We trust that the statements we bave to make on these points are near the reality; but the difficultyof procuring precise information now that our exports are forwarded from the interior to the Prussian ports by various rotes, instead of coming through this place only, will, no doubt, be taken into consideration, if it prove that results differ from our present estimates. "The business done this year in Russian exports has been extenasive, considering the enonnous expense and the trouble and risk attending it; and there is already an evi-dent inclination to make'srangements for continuing the overnland trade next summer, notwithstanding the experience we have had of the very serious rise that occasionally takes place in time rates of land carriage hence to Kovno, and on river freiOht from Kovno to Memel; the fornmer is considered moderate when at about dl. per ton, and the latter when at about 30s. per ton ; and the advance on each has sometimes been *50 per cent. and upwards. - "' On the subject of new supplies -we are glad to give favourable reports. It is supposed that in consequence of -the existin- hligh prices for tallow the quantity may be 10,00 or 1-5,000 casks more than this year's but possbly -this mzay be counterbalanced, wiith reference to the probable export, by there being none remnaining in the ensuingO spring of the stock^ now Iying here in secend hands, while at the *Legiassing of this season there were fullsy 10,000 casks lying at this place tobe added to the newr supply, as part of the toa 90(10 cask for shipment. "Of hemp there is abindance in the country in the hands 'of growvrs and collectors, but the dealers will not venture on baying and sending forvard more for. exportation than the demand is likely to take oft, which point chiefly depends on the momentous question of war or peace. The quslity WMll, no doubt, be good, asthe cro,p of 1S4, whence the bulk of 1850 shipments w, be taken, is knownl to be superior in ibis respecs. "Of flax the new crop is declared to be considerably less than an avera *in qanh. Reports vary as to quality ini -the several distnict6wheucethi lw i iga are supplied, but we have good reasson for beiein that tIme St. PetersUrg districts have the advantage, and ca send decidedly better goods than the bulk'of this ye'ar's suapp. "Linseed has been abost dormn d in e whole gummner and anturn, audlis sostill. The stock hero in first lands is esntinsated at about 170,000 chetwerts., andl in second bands about 60,000. No doubt,a good. deal of it is the worse for hlving been warehosed so long, and it would be difficult to get any parcels free from musty smell; such as are FO are held atG roublesper chetwert, and the other at5j to 5. We hear tht a parcel of 2,000*chetwertswill soon be d- patched overland, as cnrriage may be gotat about 5 roubles per chetwrt to Kovno. A fe thousandchetwerts of linseed Isava been collected inthse,fLax districts, at moderate prices, and theywill besent &t to Korno or Mfeinel;* but no: juantity ol consequence could be got in that quarter. ' -"The rate-s of carriage overlsod form a' most irpostant " w intae cos o ,ad ihae vaie so materiall this year as to mako sales at sterling prices, fjye on board at reraeg, very hazaidous. At thlismxe-nt,ti-efateper -od is 75 silver copeck; to Kovno, but it was as hi-h as 125 in July; and 130 in August; 10 copee]es per poo is equal to about It. sterling per to. - No doubt, carriage .ill uise agamin in the ensuing season, if-the -overland trade continne; "The.course of exchAnge has.not g1uctuated very natefi3a11y during tbe last two nXonths, the highest rate on Lor,don havsing tbeen 35 .°.-1, and the lowest 34 11-16. L ast post day itlu asn tupward- tendency,~ and.it is pnbable that draughts against* loan - recently nade for this Government rpay cause 3 furthef telbporaiy adfance.".;
- - _ I TRDE REPORTZ - Thursday Evening. SucGARX-There were twro public auctions, corisisting' of :301 hds., 19 barrels, 100 bags of fore sngarimported om the Continent, the whole of which was taken in. Of West India the sales amount to 50 hhds. only. COF.-'rhere was a small auction-of 15 casks and 80 bags of plantation Ceylon, -which sod well. The business done durinagthe holyd3ys sof the most trinial kind, bixt the market, being scantily supplied7 wears aSrm aspect. The -quotation for native Ceylon is 52.Lto 53s. per cwt
STATE OF YP.ADE. - : .g AEANCHI E S l' ESTER, JA, . 3. We have had more activity than on any previous day this week, but the influence of the holydays on business is still felt; and, in additionto this, less satisfactorynews from India and China than had been expected hasincreased the general dulness. Inquiries for cloths 'suited' both to the Calcutta market and to China have been made, but have not led to much business, because accompanied with the offer of lower prices, which selers are not disposed to accept. In yarns the market has also been quiet, but without change or prices.' There has been a fair inquiry from the Greeks for the extra-hard twist suited to the Mediterraneim markets which has led to business. For India there have been offers, but they have not led to operations worth naming. Messrs. John SlaTs and Co. report - "Owing principally to the bolydays, the market has been exceedingly quiet durin- the last 10 or 14 days. The India and China accounts to Sand yesterday are not of so satisfactory a nature ais was generaHly expected; and this, coupled With the growing uneasiness as to the course of the money-market, causes buyers for those markets to show even less disposition to operate, and it is only-by some conceaion-in price that sletrto any extent can be effected. In other descriptions of 8ocds, though the business is on a smIall scale, there isano giving way in prices." , NOTTINGHA::f, JAN. 3. The lace trade is dull, and the expectations which were anticipated of a revival of business with the opening of the year are not yet realized. The operation of stock-taking, however, and the continued high rates of provisions may, in addition to the Christmas hofldays, account for this state of things. This year the continental business will be resumed much earlier than usual, in consequence of Leipsic Fair (which is regulated by Easter) falling so nmuch earlier this year. -In the hosiery department there are someo Canadian purchasers in the market. Manufacturers are tolerably busy in ithe execution of orders already on the book;s and with preparations for the ordinary spring trade. The home trade S, howvever, inaccive, and hosicrs are acting cautiously. BRADFORD, J.Ax. 3. There hasbeen a fair, seasonable miarket this morning, but the stipffprices asked for the raw material rather check business. T here is no positive advance in the prices of combing wools to-day, but the tendency is rather upwards. Yarns are firmly held at late prices, and there is a little improvement in the demand. Asto piece goods, the sales have not been extensive, yet, the season of the year considered, the sales and inquiries have been of an average character. A gradual improvement has taken place in the worsted trade of this town during the last fewv months, and the year opens with the staple manufacture of the district in a much more promising condition than in January, 1855. In the course of a-review of the worsted trade for the past year the Bradford Obserrer of this day observes - "The commencement of 1855 wvas aperiod of remarkable nterest in tne history of the worsted trade. To those actively engaged in the trade, and thoroughly cognizant of its workimgs, we had just passed through a crisis of the most searchin; characterin a manner to prove that the trade was sound to its inmost core. In 1854 losses were sustained, but they were borne with ease. The failures of that year vere of comparatively little moment, and were only such as were to be expected, but in 1855 there have been scarcely zany; and there is not atextile manufacture in the united kingdom which can boast of a healthier, a sounder, or more legitimate trade during the past year than the worsted trade of'ethe Bradford district. "In confirmation of this statement let us refer to the course of prices. At the close of 18 prices of goods had reached a point of great depression. During the earlier sprin months of l855theywere remarkably steady. They thenbecame firm and buoyant, and graduallay advanced, uitil checked by adverse exchanges and the rapid rise in the rate of discount. During October prices partially receded, but have since recovered, and are at present very firm at nearly the highest rates of the cmurrent year, and for some classes of goods at higherrates than during any previous part of 1855. " Notwithstanding the high price of provisions, the consumption of the home trade, though ba in sonie districts, has, upon the whole, been large and steady. To the continent the exports have been large, while to America the exports, instead of being large and losing, asin 8I5, havebeen small and very profitable. " In fabrics but little novelty has appeared, either in lains or fancies, beyond, as we stated last year, a continued aevelopment of improving taste. One or twvo new fabrics have been produced but rather in the w,ay of sowing seed than reaping harvest for the present. The attention of the trade has been strongly called to the necessit- of producing warmer winter cloths, and the Chamber of Commerce hos presented a valuable report bearing strongly on this muchdisputed question. We have little sympathy with the remarks of neighbouring outsiders, who, in considering the report on the French Exhibition, have dwelt but little on the manypoints in which Bradford is superior, but with evident deo "ht and at inordinate length on the one minor point in wh ch we are confeseedly beaten. These parties are not awareof the continued experiments which have bcenmade during the last 10 years, nor of what is doing 3now, and are no more in a position to teach the Bradford trade than they are to show Leeds how to prevent Huddersfield from absorbing the fancy trade in cloths. Of this much we are sure, that Bradford wifl not make French merinoes to a lossbut if it can be done to profit we have not only skill but enterprise enough to do it. As to the prospects of 1856, we see no reason to doubt that our goods will be in larger demand for America, and in as large for the contment and the home trade as during
THE CORN TRADE. ATAV(qTP-qTvR -T-,- -t No material coange has occurred in the state of the tradesince our hat report. The tr.nactions havebeen onthe samerostrictedscale as noted for several weeks past, for the mere supply of the immediate wants of consumers and prices have continued to exhibit a& drooping tendency. The imports into Averpoolt from abroad ame to a far amount of wheat, beans, Indian corn, and flour; but from Ireland the arrivals are only moderate. There vas only a moderate attendance at our market this morning, and the trade was again oxceedingly bnanimate. The best qualities of wheatwere taken at previous rates, hut damp samples wero neglected, and rather-lower. Inflour very little business was practiuable, although offered at a fmtherreductionofls per aack. Oats andoatmeal were m verylirnated request, at a decline of Id. per 451b. ou the former, and ls. per load on the latter article. Bean and barley were each is. per quarter cheaper. BIRMI1WGHAMUL 3 At Glocester market, on the 29th,. wheat was Is. to 2s. per quarter lower; but at Woreester,.samne day, the prices of the previous weekwere maintained. Barley held for previous rates. Oats rather cheaper. Beans an-d peas gave wnylIs. tD 2g per quarter. During the present week the ittle wheat which has changed hands realized nearlyformer trices. Bauley Unaltered. White Oats offering low er. without finding uyers To effect sales in beansn For peas a considerable reduction w as submitted to. Ait Wolverh pton, yesterday, the wheat trade Attisdy'smaketthee ws farsuplof wheat, andthe turn ru2ed~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~i drrll atadeuino£ s ota uatr wastin favouroftahe ebuyter, bVutSwe maikSe Pno alteration m ourv queta. tiens. Barley a.,ai Is. tom Isper quater low.-er. Oats offering 6d to s.er quatneir escapfer, sithaut Snding bayera Beans and peas Tery * ~~~~~BIITSTOL,T,%N. S. The corn trade generaUy continues in the same inactive state as noticed in tbepast fewr weeks, and on the very limited business occurring huyers] have the turn in theirfaTourat this dWs market for all articles. Wheat.-Ianmburg. Ba2tic, &c.. fine red, 8S. to Sh. * Spanish. Portuguese, ik. red and white, SOs. to 82s. * brani, Galat2, &c. soft 76 to c Odewa, Danube, &c., ltOs 7tLs,, per 4W80. &o. i oMt, r6ed to white, old,. X&s to 8Is. . ditto, new. 71s to 76s., M er DVe la Barley.-Baglisb, good to fne malting, 41s. to 439s :i?'o. grding and distillery, 37r4. to 39. per imper2al quarter Foreign, ditto, heavy, iTs. toaISs. per 2 40st Or th- weelaan Dvon, b2aCkad3te feed, brs. to 2s. rer-mportai q qarter: mrish kiludried, hite fne, and dibtto, finbe blackd Ifs, tto3 Ifs.32Clh *L ditt,iferor, lasr. t2o Is-a-Gd prr 3041b. Beana.-i'oreig. tie. to~ 5Ds. per 4801b.: English, 5s. to F4. jhabperialiwuater. F2roug.-Bngs good seonds, SEe, to SOs per Mxnivsls ,t Bristol for the wreekc ending Jan.3.- ata-Irish 1.600 barels. .Barley -coatwise, 20 quare, Flour-Irish, 0rsacks; and cosstwise, 50 sackL Arrivals at Gloceeterfor the eek ending Dee, 29.1855:-Wheati oreign, 830 quarters, Oats-Jish, 1,088 barreLs; cosetwise, 93 quarAveae for theO wek endine Janur u:Dtto-bat 35 IOL:be0 quarters. 52s. Sd. Gletester.-Wh;tat, S35 quten.1 75e. 8dL; Beuns 12 quarters, 5 - , Tnz ZootooAT, Soomr or LoNwOx.-At the monthly -gneral meeting held yeeberday at the society's house iR anover-aqUare, Mr. Eobert Hudson, F.R.S., int the chairP Messrs. A Willis, F. Smedley, W.W B. Gill, jim., E. Warwick, sald Albert Slihwrere e2cti d fell ofthe society - and Xessrs. W. J. on, J. P. Alpe, 1. S. Petrie, B. Atephenmon, ILP., rand CDi. Bird Trerre proposed as eandidnteg-fr tfieif owship. The iomniittee of auditors of the accolsuts for 185i were then elected, and ther meeting adjourned to: the 7th. of Febrnry, --' - . . - t' . ' ' A 1, A''; '/',- ,
_- - - {ILAY AAD AINING HABES. T:lursday EvenIng. There was little activity in the.railway-market, and pricem were unfavourably influenced by the fluctiations in Consols. Few operations occurred in the shares of the Australian land and banldkig companies, but quotations were comparatively well supp6rted. M3inin'gIsecurities exhibited scarcely any variation.- CanadaLand were hegotiated at 125 and 124, and- the finalkprice was 120 to 125 ex. div. Crystal Palace remain at 2Ato 2.-
IRANSPORT OF OFFICERS' PARCELS TO THE I CRBIEBA. TO THE EDITOBOF THE TDES. Sir,-The following facts will account for the delay and disappointmient more than once alluded to byyour coresi,pondent as experienced at Sebastopol by officers awaiting the receipt, about Christmas, of warm clothing and other necessaries which cannot be obtained in the Crimea. On the lst of December last a box of the limited regulation dimensions and containing winter clothing and other nece.-saries, addressed to my brother at Sebastopol, w,as delivered to Messrs. Hayter and Howell, the Govermment agents in London. Subsequently a notice was received from them that the box had been shipped by the Harbinger on the 17th of December, and this notice was immediately sent to my brother. It appears, however, that the box was not shipped by the Harbinger, for, on the 28th of December, Messrs. Hayter and Howell sent another notice, announcing that the box lad been shipped by the Dirham, wlhich vessel, from your Naval Intelligence of yesterday, appears to be detained at Weolwich for alterations preparatory to the slhipment of ammunition. The hardship arising from the delay is aggravated by the contradictory advices of shipment ; for, relying -upon the receipt of the box, my brother has in his arrangements presumed upon the arrival of the box about thlis time, in accordance with the official advice of shipmeat by the Hlarbinger. Your correspondent's prognostication will probably in this instance be fulfilled, by the arrival of tile wvinter clothing at midsununer. or, at al events, after the winter is over and the encampment broken up. The above facts need no comment, but they may be taken as illustrating the prompt and business-like manner in which the much-vaunted Government Parcel Transport system is conducted. I fear there are no hopes of amendment, except by means of the exposure which a statement of the facts in your columns will effect. I enclose my card, and remain, Sir, your obedient servant, N1l,0.
I READING-ROOMS IN THE CGIMEA. TO THE EDITORf OF THE TIMS. Sir,-Everymail bears to us the deep regret feitby thos at home attheaccounts thathave beentranittedtothemof the drunken and disorganized state of the British army in the Crimea; while, as far as my own personal expericuceagoes, I feel that those accounts have been overrated. -I cannot but admit that drunkenness does exist among tho soldiers to a very sad extent; but, taking into consideration the vast size of our army, and' the teniptations placed within the soldiers' reach by the possession of so much ready money, I do not think it is so general a vice as people have been leito suppose; whlle, in other respects, our troops were, perhaps, at no time in a higher state of discipline or better organized than at the present moment. I may, however, conclude that those who so greatly deplore the drmLkenness of our army will be but too ready to do their best to stop or prevent it. Mi1ght I, then, through your w%idely-circulated columns~, interest those friends at home vho sympathize with their brave countrymen in the Crimea in an attempt I am making to provide amusemeent for the soldier during the dreary Minter time, and to wean. him fromi the alluremnents of the canteen? Through the kindness of Brigadier-General Ridley I have obtained a hut as a reading-room for the soldiers; it is provided vitha stove, shelves, readi g and vriting desks, and a library of books, andeis exc nly comfortable; but for a supply of papers I am entirely dependent on private sources. . I Should any friends be willing to sup ly newspapre&, periodicals, fA., by addressing them tome fcan assure them of their being appned to the above object, iand that they would be confermng a great boon on the soldier. I might mention also that any games, as chess, draughts, &Ic.; would ;be v ery acceptable, and that despatch and iregularity in posting the papers, &c., are most essentiaL. ~ustsng I may by this, appeal be enabled every mail to supply the reading-room 'with the last papers, and to diminish the profits of the canteen, I beg to remain, Sir, yours obedientlv.. 0. A. ASSETON CRAVEN. I : Mlibtay Chaplain, Second Brigade, First Division1 i I my,inthoEast, Crimea. [ First Division, Canip at Sebastopol, Dee. 21, isss5.
LAND TRANSP.OBT. - , TO TIM EDITOR OF ThE ETIES. 'Sir,-I have just read your able article on the difficulty wich, it 'i~ supposed, will attend our next camupaign in the Crmefathrogh tfheawant of a proper'transport system. The arme~ ofCariarthenshire andl- Cardiginshire senld mearly the whole of the produce of their farms to the iron districts of Glamorgaulhire and Monmnouthshite-adisance-, in the case of many of them, of at least 100 mniles.- They do so by means of one-horse carts, lightly but strongly mrade ana loaded with.-a weight or frQm 12 cwt. to1IScwt.. L'he hioses aro small, and many- of thenvery' lesbless, but they *travel the distance of-fully 30 miles a-dxv'with apparently. little fatigue, and oyer roads than which it would b difficult toimagn ethatthere wew'orsein tieCrimeS. Mtyobject inwriting to YOU is 16i the parpose'of'drwin- ittention to the constrnctiOn of carts, haying the twofo%d advantagw- of Ueing light in..weigbt,of- themselves, and also of .be f stifficient streailt; if properly made.' I amn fiiimly of ophimon that :jt- wduld be W- 6rth the Gi,ver?etsihlomke inquiry on te subiect. of this *adh rcplity -ssrssse 'stg tawbo j°'rst.and h tbl*n e thbresio---e-! vY' 1n- c , - by io I - Amrtiyr'iydNiI Tau.-L; , ;-- r - , , r - .,
pAp,LIAMRNTAAr AGAIhST WOMF-BRED I P~~roA'hELYCE. 'The return of New yeaes-day l'rings with it the annual festival of the Drauids at Oxford, 'wa'511 all classes of ioCiety join together in brotherly union. On the present occasion ixpwad of *00 iit down :to a sumpt7ouso- dinner in the 1own-hlsall, Mr. NA. Brunner, Coronerfoc7 the County and City of Oxford, .residinm. Among the comn4aniYWere the Pight Hon. E. Card;W-el, MLP. for Oxford, tLe )1alor of Oxfordj Aldermen Sadler, Dudley, Towle, and -Spieis, several members of the .town-council, the N. A. of`Me Grand Lodge of England, : Inreply tothetoastof "TheCitylWIembers," ' E Mr. Csucuwers, who was received with enthuastSic cheers, said-I rise with great idesure to return my thanks for he tast hichyou ave een goodi enough todrink -with somuch icodialyi°ty. It is true that I have' travelled, and with great readiness, from Scotland. in order to be present at this meeting; and the only subject of regret which I exTerience is that my friend and colleague, who, with the uhnost pleasure, would have come, had he been able, the same distance, is not present to precede me in returning thanks.' The occasion of his absence, however, hasthisadvantage, that you are enabled to speak with more freedom Than you would in his presence those sentiments of cordial affection and regard which I know are' entertained forhirn by every member of this large assembly; (Cheers.) Itis at any time an interestin' occasion when anotheryearhas fatten before the sithe "of time, and we reflect on the experienoe of good and evil fortune in the past, and look forward to the hopes and duties of the year on which we are entering. But, if sucn be the case on ordinary occasions, vhen we are considering our prosperity or commercial advantages, our legal reforms, or the steps taken to promote comfort, and tht which foUows comfort-the intelifg enceand education of all classes of the people,-how much more inteesting must it be on the present occasion, when we look back on the histoiy of the year that has closed, and are looking forward to' those great and 'cardinal events which raay characterize the year onx which -we are now entering ? Itailibemycare not to infringe those rules. which it becomes a member of this order to observe; but I regard it as no infringement to look back on all the heroism wvhich the year 1855 haswxitten ontheimperishablepageof history, of every class, frdm the highest to the lowest-a heroism tenmpered in every instance with the refinement of Christian education, which has carried mercy to the field of battle, and elevated the character of the English soldier in ever respect in which that character can be honoured. (Lod cuers.)n Nor to our own sex alone has the year 1855 added wreaths of eternal honour, because the names of English ladies, and of English women of every degree, ought to live in history in connexion with the memorable events of 1855. (Chees.) Yon have been reminded that there is a break in the horizon, but whether that is a break in the clonds which foretels a final clearing of the sky, or a deceptive gleas which encourages transient hopes, and is followed by the outbreak of the storm, it is not -within the power of any manin this country and at this time to say ; that question in which we are so. deeply interested rests in other hands. For my own part, and I am speaking your unanimous feeling, I sincerely hope that it may produce that honourable, that satisfactory, and that permanent pacification of Europe that shaU lead to a happy and a lengthened peace. (Loud cheers.) If, unhappiy, however, that should not be the case, let us hope that when the whole narrative comes to be laid before Europe and the world the conduct of this country and its alliesr may stand in bold relief, and that the continuance of hostilities shall be found to ret with that Power which vas tle origijia aggressor in the war. I am sure that when the time arrives you will address yourselves to the question with the determmnation to ascertain the truth, and to come to a right opinion; and the foes of this country wil be taught to know that at all times it contains within itself that indomitable energy, that peseverig vigour, and that immortal spirit which have rased it to its present pitch of lor. (Cheers.) If it should be the case that the sacrificeswhichhavealready been made have ended at this time in thie consmmation so muclh to be desied, we shall know that the highest blessing will lave been conferred on Europe and. mankind. We shall then have disposed of that difficult question, the relation of the Chrnstian races in the Eastern world, and shaU see opened to universal traffic that great river wvhich flows through the heart of Europe from the Suabian Forest to the Euxine Sea. We shall then see opened to the humanizing civilization and Christian influence of commerce some of the most beautiful regions of the teeming East, celebrated in Grecian tales and mediieval history, which are probably destined to attain in connexion with British commerce a greater degree of consequence and a more enduring reputation for usefulness than they ever enjoyed in former times. If that consummation should arrve we need not doubt tiuat England willpursue that policy which has always characterized her as not less the first m peace than successful in war, and, wahile carrying the triumphs of her pacific congnests over all regions, and becoming the mecdum of unto d blessings to them, adding prospectively to the increase of her own wealth and power. Astheyear1853 Was the greatest British commerce ever k^new, so we may hope and believe that the prosperity then attained was but the type and outline of that greater degree of prosperityandpovwerthe fulloutlneofwhichisdestinedhereafter, under the blessing of Providence, to be accomplished. Probably, remembering the experience of the past, and that she has the must devoted soldiers and sailors, this country will see that her wisest policy is to maintainher army andher fleets in that state of efficiency which becomes the greatest, the wealthiest, and the most powerful country in the world. As we know, the issue of this great question appears to rest on the decision of the Czar of Russia; but, whatevermaybe the case, it wilnot be in the power of any hostile country to interfere with that career of progress, and those domestic and material improvements of the whole people of this kingdom, in which, with perfect unanimity, it is the happiness of this contry to be employed. (Cheers.) I therefore hopethat the year we are about to enter may be regarded by us with hopeful feelings, with feelings full of earnest desire and confident expectation that when 'we meet again we may be permitted to congratnlate ourselves on many events accomplished whilich shall tend to elevate this country in the scale of nations, to promote its internaltranquilityand the happiness andprogress of its free and generous people. (Cheers.) In conclusion I beg to thanlk you for the kind way in which you have received and heard me, and I sincerely wish you all the happiness that the coning year can give you. (The hon. member resmmed his seat amid loud cheers from aU parts of the room.) JOHN BACON, a workmig man, in return for his health being drunk, as secretary of the Philanthropio Fund, spoke most energetically on thewar, as follows :-Much has been said this evening by that individual w'ho has the honour of repreenting us in Parliament of the remarkable events of the year wh-ieh has just closed, and he has called upon us more particularly to look fonrard w ith hope to the year upon which we are now entering. I feel assured that no generous mnid lean abandon itself to other interests in the rresence of the more noble, yet painful, struggle invwhich our country is engaged, and I think that at the present moment, the commencement of 1856, if we compare onr onvn and our enemies position, we shaU find mauch for congratulation and little for misgiving, for it is weUl known that Russia began the wvar wvith every preparation-with troops massed and arranged for the very purpose of crulshing a w. eaker neighbcour, and now, if the accounts of the deplorable internal condition of Russia can be relied upon, she has indeed already felt the pressure and exhaustion of 'war, while, although England began the conltest unprepared, yet during the years of peace great indeed has been our advwance mn material wealth and. streugth. We have more than doubled our efficiency in mechanical science for steam is now the mighty instrument of success, and steam is more particularly under the command of Englishmen, for we have iron, coal, manufactories, and artificers in quality that cannot be surpassed, and 'we have unbounded means of bringing all these resources into play, that is, if properly directed. Above all, we have France as an ally. cranee,with its population of soldiers, its military skiD, and fine science, now stands by our side, instead of our front, and that is an advantage which cannot be too fuly appreciated, and it has provedto the whole world that the alliance of England and France has stood the test of v.arfare by the sufferings of the trenches and the perils of the field; and it also assures mankind that their umted poliey can impose its will and executo its resolutions, even though the timid stand aloof, and though men of baser minds may forget that they are Englishmen and abandon the cause of their country in her hour of need. What a remarkable page in her country's history will the events of the last twelvenmonth afford, when, onthe onehand,'will beshown thepatient suffering, thenoble endurance, and the undanntedbravery which have characterized the conduct of the arnmy and navy, which have performed deeds of noble daring,and which not only our I lives,-but also our children and our chgl=den's children, may look back upon with pride? But I would ask, will the opposite page be a corresponding one? The voice of the country answers "No, nD;" for it bas, indeed, been a sorry spectacle for the man who has the welfare of his country at heart to see individuals, men who had the honour of England in their keeping, men on whom, and for a time, the hopes of the country had been placed, -to see them weighed in the balance and found. wating-to see individuals, men who first drew breath in a land of freedom, who had enjoyedall the advantages, the benefits, and the blessings which freedomn confer-to see such men rostrating their noble energies to such a cause as that of Russia, malkngnuse of the extraordinary abilities which some of them posse ss for the purpose of rolling balk the tide of civilization and rivetting. the. fetters of worse than slavery on mrillions of their fellow-creatures. And yet such men have been found, who have also asserted that by so doing they believed they were acting in accordance with the wishes of the majority of the working men of England. Acs a workingman, I shouldlikeeto know. what, notwoithstanding the many privations' which those who eat the hard-earned |bread of honest industry must besubject to fromnthe high pricea of the commnon necessaries of life--I 'would.- ask w-hat has been seen in their conduct to warrant such an assertion? (Cheers.). Those who would know the trae feeling of that humble class to which I have the ho,our to 'belong in regard to - the present straggle must not go from hearsay; they should go to their homes; they shoud mark well the k nitted brow and the fashing eye,-the blush of honest indignation -that soreads over their cheeks,when they see and hear of the itors to thpir country. Theyv, ouldsoonbetold,;inlangusgeowhich could not be raisintetd or misunderstood-they wouladsoon be told in the pl3 and simple 'language of truth, that he who is against the war is against his country ; that he who is gast-his country is-for Russi, and thab he who is for lXussia is' asb for tyranny and oppression;! fof it must now be evident to every reflecting mind that Russia is not onl. too powerful, but alsotoobarbairo,tobo anylonger trusted ith the functions of political pfeponderanc, for she has grown great only.by aggession; she has existe only to pilt up innumerable mGiltary munitions ;3her vast navies,her whole kinr'dom turned into-a cimp,'with but one objet, afinthit objeet the enlargementof her power; it meansraischief to Europe, the attainment of universal dominion; and I woild'sk', what b are 'the' benefits'to be de- rived from 'be' plated under the proteCtion of Russia2 It is that she oMrs.on-y such protection as voltures give to lambs. Ii this war we fight, . not for-extended commerc nor increase 6f teiritoty-not to niltiply cottonmarketa-Sot, for,the chief supply of foreig produc notfor theinflux of gold or the in onopoly 'of tra_e-but '- strike'bo defen the 'right-ie sprfead our shield over thec-w --kwe coufr*utthq ggXtWo,',- WO im Atb jiW a-4d .generous ends, of wvhich our oWml beat portion sba be tlha we}elped to redeer the world froii Ywlt threatesied to be a destructive desolation. Eather thauiEnand shonld relax one jot of her exertions to put down the barbarous and do. Inueenag violence of Russia, and obtain for Euroae a just, auhsonourable, Luda lastingpeace, thei-orlfgineni of this cotntry. will endure the greatest privation, ceres though they be corpelled to subsist upon the hairs ani 1Erries o t-he field. I n onclusi6h I ean only say, if, asDs ds and ~Engllunenc,we be true to ourselves-if all will Xtmbhne veittn an hatest wfll-~En1and.wijl still prove burseZf as slte has hithertv been-the friend of the oppressed, and tbe nnflbi fe y oftrnny and despotisna. (Loud 4ndaou-
- -.AIL-WA YWTELLIGMVC1. LONDoN A n The report of the di;rectors of this companxy in reteence to the wete estern nsio t, Exeter has been in the hinds of the shareholders for some days. Ou application yeterda at the secretary's office, Waterloo-Toad. a copy of thC repor; for Thc Times vas positisely refusel bv order of tW' sece. tary, but it was intiuateaby one of the ofDCialsth a copy would be sent. It is usualwith railway companies to sencl copies of reports to the morniug a cd other irpers, at the s.me time that tTiey are sent to the- ahare. holders. It. would, therefore, appetr that it Wa notintended to send them in the usual way. In sending reports to the proprietors it frequently hai ns that some e4) the shareholders do not receiv copies, ethrthrotgh acci.- dent or some other cause whith rt is impoelie Xc triscover or explain satisfactorily. The publication of the rport, or the substance of it, obviates the incoivenience, and inform3 the public of what is intended to le' done by the director In order to meet the difficulty we obtained a copy of the report from a shareholder. It states that the im- ortant poiiit of decdding on the route to be adopted eing entirely dependent on the resolution of tha proprietors, the directors have therefore cauised allthe necessary preliminaries for proceediDg to Pa-liamient in the next session to be fulfilled, insuch a manner as to enablethleboard to adopt and act upon the selection, asto route, en ahicl the proprietors may decide. Thb board, in August last, appointed a committee for the special purpose of thoroughly investigating the question of an extension to Exeter. The comrttee ati.d (and tbe board discussed the matter, and arrived at the same conclusion); that. if the extension were to be made from Dorcherter, it it should be by a new line throughout; that any saving of expense, by adopting and nmning over . part of the sauetionedbroaA gauge lines, necessarily in adverse hands -would be far outweighed by the obstacles which might be expected in the conduct of the traffic; that they wold, infw, bring traffic to those lines which would otherwise rnn over their own; that the distance was greater, and that the neeessary mixture of gauge was on many accounts, irrespectii a of this district, inconsistent with the interests of the company. They therefore proceeded to a, compaison between a Yeovil and Exeter line, and a new aine fromDorchester.toExeterthroughout. In looking at the subject in this light it was felt that the Yeovil and Exeter line could not be considered apart from the state of thins between Salisbury and Yeovil, and could not be adopted'withoLt adequate security that tbe latterrailway would in fact be made, and would be worked under-proper Telations with the South-Western Company. The proposed lne fromn Exeter to Dorchester would be 58 miles n length, and the distance by it to London would be 198' wiles;! to Southampton, 119A miles; and to Portnsouti) 143I miles. The proposed line from Exeter to Yeovil would be 50 miles in length, andthe distance byit to London, 171's miles; to Southampton, 117 mules ; and to Portsmneuth, 138k miles; showing a difference rin favour of the Exeter and Yeovil, or central lin of 8miles in length, of 27 miiles between Exeter and London, 2', miles between Exetbr and Southampton, and of 13 miles between Exeter and Portsmouth. The board could now, were the company in a position, and desirous to do so, contract for the execution of the Exeter and Yeovil line (as above), at somewhat under 600,000., or of the Dorchester andExeter line (as above), at somewhat under 700,000D. Tho two lines are identical for 30 miles from A:ininster to Exeter, the difference of cost being due to the greater length and heavier works on the lne between Dorchester and Axminster. On the last-named line also there are no less thaneight miles of a gradient of I in S9, while on tho Yeovil and Axminster line there are less than three miles of that gradient, and this must be a material consideration in the expense of the working. With regard to the :traffic. the Yeovil line will have the entire of the district which it traverses; the Dorchester line has for more than half its distance a competing line which, from the character of the Bridport trade wil draw the greater portion of the traffclfrom the only place of impartance between Axninster and Dorchester, and will also compete for a share of the local traffic of the district. As regards the London traffic, it does not appear probable that a line by Dorchester could share in the Loudon traffic of tha Exeter district, but a line by Yeovil (each trip by?Vhich, between London and Exeter, would, in mere haulage, cost above 12 per cent. less than each trip by Dorchester) may be confidently expected to carry a fair proportion of such. traffic. As re-ards the effects upon the traffic of the existing lines, the f)rchester line (60 miles) would receive the benefit of all traffic coming from the west of that place. and this would materially increase its receipts. Ly the Yeovii route a very large addition would be made to the traffic of the Salisgbry and Basingstoke line, : miles, and the Salis. bury and Bishopstoke lne, 22 miles. But the most material consideration respectin- the traffic of the two lines is, vhich of them is least liable to invasion by other lines; for, if it is onerous to make either line, it would be doubly so, after making them, to find the expected traffic withdrawn by some more direct or preferable competitor. The Salisbury and Yeovilline woud prevent any of the trafic from the company's line at Amuiuster being carried over the Dorchester line, while the abstraction of the Bridport district bythe broad gaugo branch would'render the outlay on the section from Axininster to Dorchester (nearly 300,0001.) an absolute loss. The committee reported to the board that in their opinion the line from Yeovil was the best to be recommende to the proprietors,becauseof the relative distances from importnt places, because the trafflic was now without competition, and wouldbehereafter less open to invasion, less expensive, and better in an engineering point of view, and on account of the great increase of trafic which vwould be secured permanently to the company's Salisbury and Bislhopstoke lines. They also recommend the board to approve the tarms they have come to with the Saicsbury and Yeovil Company. The board, having fully considered their committee's report, adopted it, and now unanimously recommend to tha proprietors to sanction their proceeding to Parliament to obtain an act for maldng the line from Yoovil to Exeter, and to authorize them to enter into an agreemeut with the Salisbury and Yeovil Company on the basis of the following terms --The Salisbury and Yeovil line is to be completed on the narrow gau'e as a single line with bridges, tannels. and land for a donble line by the Ist of July, 1859. Upon the opening of the companys extension line from Yeoil, this company's rebate of 2O per cent. on the Salisbifry and Yeovil London trafic to cease. The line to be worked in perpetuity by the South-Western Company at cost prices to besettledby arbitration. The South-Westens to subscribe 100,000!. towards the Salisbury and Yeovil Company4s share capital, with the yearly option of having a 4 per cent, preference dividend, or the same dividend rateablyt ithothe other proprietors in the Salisbury and Yeovil Company,. The South-Western Company to pay nothin on those shares until 0,000t o has been expended on the Salisbmry and Yeovil line. The South-estern are to noeminate trr directors on the boarc, to cLaim a lease of the line for 1,001 are tho m ti of claiming the transfer of thq Saismey and a neovil line three years after the opening on paying off that company's share capital, with 4 per cent, interest, and 10 per a ent, bonuso The Saisbury and Yeovil Comnpany are to wdoble any part of the ine owhich the South-trns may desire, not exceeding the proportion of four miles for every five miles which the Sooth-westerl may think fit to double on the Exeter extension line. The South-WYestern Companyr are to make their Exeter extension lne by wlay of YeraiL The whole arrangement is conditional on its aceSptance by theshareholdersin each company. The directors believ that these ternns wi ll give this company every control over the Salisbury and Yeovil line necessary for working the traffic of their own Imes. The directors tret that the proprietorswill accord ith them s n opinion that the sounl polEcy of the compny is to adopt the Yeovil route, and to avail themselves of the arrangement with the Salisbury and Yeovil Company. TRFI RETRES. Ues Faa- Mer- Total. ' Tota. flaliar open. Lese, eanLdic. 1e55 135L Weekc ending Dlee. 16.- endErt eli3n.. .2 .. SD . 701.. 823 Weelk ending Dec. 23. Ciolanad ete .. .. _ .. _ . _ .. 7,i3 ;., enandernisdilen ..hkillen 37 2-5. . - ,1 * 34 Lcuondre !'lbnry, a nd South- endbxtendion .e.e.. .. - 634 7,1.. -1{ Week enading Dee. 2. Aonktwerandoa -. .. 20 .. 106 .. 92 .. 433;. II- I,eondenl and Colerain2 S6 .. 1.1.. Bl ... L17.. 249 londenhenyannlailrea 60 .. 230 272 -. 22. 4 shmbreanctioee .. .. 6- .. 12 LU0 .1,.. 9U751 WaterfordandLimerdcl ..-.. 467D. 404. 8717 .. 333 Week ending Dec. 39. Antwerp antflaterdam ......... - .. ..323 ..103 .. 4B-:.. i3irkesbecad, Lancashire, and: CheshireJunction ....... .. - ..1L2r2. 1.03t4 .. 2,266- .. 2127S aiesteraundHlyheed . - .. 2,220.. 2,1G7 ... 4,747 .. 3.657 Eastern CorIti0$, Norfolk, .andEastemUnion .. 417 ...lL673..11,453.. 23,131 2.A.5 East Lancashire .. 9 .. 3 .. - J. - .. s 161 4.733 Great Westein .. .. - .. -O.. -20 .. 1223 0 LancauhireainlTorkibire .;.. - ... - ' .. ii201'.. 1.253 Londonaud ilackA .. 1 - . 1153.. 75 2293 1.214 Manchester,Sheld. and Linrol.naie. .... .. . . 9r S,509%3 2.. 9.6iS hlidland .. *.. ...49S1-. - .. - .. 226 .. 25$693 1lidland Great Wester(re- : lad) . . -.. 1,31.. 1,273 .. 2,6601.. ,133 !e,W1ort, AbervaTen, and - Hereford . . - .. - . - . M... S3 l0brthttiials .. .14 ..,744 .. 73.. V,017.. 46.6) Oxford, Worceter.andWol-. werhbaupton .. .. .. S6 .. tG14-. L622 .. 2.636.. S,1i3 Scotish Central -.. - - -.3 WeAk ediuigD.-3 Mublin and Belf-T.JVMWc6i 53 .. _ ,. _ 1.';5 82' bzrop6ireUaiCon ...-..291.. .. = . !51 82 DlrXihoibNs To E QUU&s EosP1Y. AT GnUM-UA.M-An mulmown benefsctoi-lhavinn offered, thro Rertha Rl. Chancellor James Thomas Law, adoation of 1,200o. towards the formatioi of "a perma- aaent benevolent fund" for the maintenance and -relief of accidents and acute medical c&sesl,-1ouyryadvittfdfroqm the town and county without a subseribez's note, a friend, nnder the si-nature of "Delta," hs aid over -per 7r. Sands CoxV e ssme nilosum of 1,0l00 ! LordsLyttelton, Wards and L,ei:h have acoepted. tie office of trutes, and a beed declaring the the trut is to be enrolled forthwith in chancey intriplidate-eb be held bv the trustees, one by e thetrebsurernf the hetpital, and the third to be pae, intglelilds of the Ghl 7ityVQmsis3oer&--
zo"17DOW, F&IDd Y, JTANU.2 4, 1. - Aauwzg other compliments and gifts of the sea4, de Admiralty has presented the world with a =d ie,sonable list of the Ships and vosseer that i A=vn flaefr s tl1 ) of,the past year, or are now building. The principal feature in the list, as it appeared in our'imnpression of yesterday, was a double column of fanciful names that might have passed for the dramatis personc of a pantomime, or, at least, for the competitora in a very numerous regatta, but for certain figures denoting their unfestive eqjuipment of guns and horse-power. Headed by seven larger ships, this procession comprised 128 steam gun vessels, besides a score of steam tugs, smithies, flour mills, lighiers, tank vessels, store vessels, surveying vessels, and other mniscellaneous hangers-on of a modern fleet. We must say that the aspect of the two columns, even in the pale and lifeless reflex of our own page, without the pomp of salutes and maimic fight, struck us as far more promising, if not quite so imposing, as the Portsmouth naval review. Terror is often inversely as the size. One of the very smallest animals of prey that infest the human species will spread moro consternation in an ordinary household than an over-driven ox in the street, and the sight of a battering-ram itself would not produce sulch an effect in a cniminal court as the unfolding of the little bundle containing a burglar's tools. The picklock, jemamy, and circular sawr, in the columns before us, are represented by 128 vessels, " fine by degrees and " beautifully less," till we come to a compact little score that, under such endearing diminutives as Ant, Daisy, Fidget, Flirt, Gnat, Midge, Pert, Pet, and Tiny, ought to find a way into the heart of any foe. Tnese are the right things in the right place, and, so far, the Admiralty deserve the public thanl-s for a degree of commoni. sense hardly to be expected in a public departmex,t. It would be invidious now to inquire why this has not been done before, and why we could not be as quick as the old Romans, who, having no ships of their own, happened to lay hold of a good Carthaginian model, ran up a whole fleet in three or four months, and beat their naval instructors. What we have now to hope for .is that this swarm of small fry will be put into proper hands, and will afford opportunities for that daring and enterprise whichl almost every BrItish lad earries with him from sehool, and even from home-too often only to lose them in the messroom, on the quarterdeck, or in the club. Could we be sure that the hearts, heads, and hands to direct this multitudinous host, will be as lightsome, as mischievous, and as fond of fun as this vocabulary would indicate, then we should confidently expect correspondinrg results from the stings of these naval mosquitoee. It is here only that our hearts misgive us. After all, it is the man that does the work, and the men to drive terror into the Russian empire, to penetrate every creek-, to do all that can be done with every battery and every fort, must be the like of the NmsoNs and ThouBRIDGES in the late war; not the reproductions of its KErrnS and CaLnERS. We did our part nobly in that war, and from first to last conimianded the respect of enemies and allies, not so much by our military achievements as by our tnparalleled naval success. Very early in. it we utterly destroyed or blockaded all hostile fleets; we made the sea otur own, and confined the foe to an element on which he certainly did prodigies, but always with the tedium of a prison house, the fret of a tether, and the gall of a chain. The Titan wlho fought against us was literally a son of earth, for off it he lost his power. The immense prestige we thus acquired redeemed all our early failures on land, and gave us breath, so to speak, to recover our credit in that sphere also. Where is now that prestige ? We were expected to do everything, and there is a growing conviction, that in one sea at least, and with the most formidable of our fleets, we have done next to notlhing. That fatal word " discretion," so often whispered into the ears that hardly wanted the waming, has been to the last the spell of the Baltic fleet. If on our own element we were the object of attack, if the work to be done was the preservation of our own ships and the restoration of otur own armnament.s into store, then the day was won, and the praise of a thrifty housewife is not to be denied to a NAvsxn or a DUNDAS. Blut that was not the idea of the British people. They were under the impression that, whatever had been done with the army, at least no economy had starved down the navy. They had heard for many years of the new monsters of the deep continually launched on its surface, no longer dependent on the capricious favour of the winds or the mercy or the currents, and with armaments such as NELsoN had never dreamt of. They saw the nlillions voted every year for the perpetual renovation of our navy, and they felt that nothing was wanting on their part. They have now, however, seen .two fleets in succession occupy the Baltic and proclaim a blockade of the whole Russian coast. That blockade has cost this country not one farthing less than 20,000,0001. for the two years, which is as much a loss to this coutntry as if it had been property seized and burnt by the foe. What damage have we inflicted on Russia at all in proportion to the damage we have thus done ourselves? The first reply, of course, is that the direct object of the blockade hls been accomplished, and we have so far obstructed the trade of Russia. On this point there have been some rather remarkable revelattions from the Prussian frontier, tending to the belief that the blockade has done no more harm to Ruassia than it has to ourselves, and that, in fact, we are ourselves the chief sufferers. In another part of our columns, however, wil be found some obselvations on the sffect of land carriage upon the Russian trade, which remove all doubt on this subject. They are from a report on the trade of Hull for the year 1865, published by a committee of the full Chaniber of Commerce and Shipping. As the chief port for the Baltic, Hull has been the principal sufferer by the interruption of its trade, yet its business has not been so. much limited as might have been anticipated. Of the chief imports from Russia, hemp, flax, tallow, and linseed have been able to bear the large additional charge for land carriage from 3Mexel to Konigsberg-that charge, in effect, falling on the British purchaser, and going int. the pockets of Prussian carriers and Russian landowner. Some exports, indeed, have been stopped, such as hides, wool, tar, and deals; but the war has brought these into great request in Russia as well as here, and it is no loss to the Russian Govermment that they are kept at home.; Our own manufactures find their way back as :return freight, and at very low charges. Thns, 'while the blockade is doing no great damage tj the Russians, it is doing most unquestionable damage to ourselves; and the blockade, as such, appers to be of questionable service. What, then, l-a the fleet done to justify its enormous expense? Itis a question which neither NArIm nor. DuN-.As:has, answered satisfactorily yet; and we still wait, for a solution by some third commander who shall better appreciate the value of the iAstrnment placed in his hands. Unless something more be attempted, the CzAP. will not even think it necessary to koep any considerable number of his forces in the north, and the fleet will not even answer its purpose *as a -diversion or a feint. A real .attempton Cronstadt, unfashionable and antiquated as the idea has become ix' naval circles, would at least locTi up a quarter of a mjllion soldiers at the mouth of the Neva. 4Had Rqsi tke w_ Tmg S one port really destroyed, she would be compelled to keep them all ready for attack, and would, to that 'eteint, be disabled from sending reinforcements to the seat of war in the south. So far.what has been done is useless «or military purposes, and ridiculous as a naval demonstration ; and England awaits in an=ous suspense the appearance of the NEusoNO whose mind will rise to the vastness alike of the work to be done and of the neans placed in his hands for doing it. NELsoif had never such an armament; NxasoN never heard of steam; yet who doubts that N1EIsow, with his lurmbering old line-of-battle ships and his rude flotiUa of gunboats, would have done more than we have done?
The contrast is a strange one between the destinies of the little well-born, well-nursed; wellweaned, well-frocked, well-trowsered, well-whipped, well-beLatined, well-beGreeked child of the wealthy and opulent, and those of the stunted, deformed, pallid, unclothed, unwashed, untaught little vagabond, whose father and mother have nothing to bestow uponi him but thumps, kicks, and curses. The healthy influences which the rich can bring to bear upon their children are very- numerous ;- there is the bevy of nurses-the coral, with its golden peal of bells-NoAu and his progeny in their stately ark-a dissected map of Europe -a French governess-a German ditto-admission to the dinner table at half-price, with oranges and bon?ztons as the rewards of infantine virtue-Dr. PoRTLY and the Catechism -a gray pony-Mr. Sormy and the verb "I "love," in the Latin tongue-the. Rev. XNEAs lwHAcx and the verb " I strike," in the original Greek;-Etonor Harrow-the Midsiummer holyday at home in the old Mlanor-house, with the first glimpse at the divine SoPHA, rising lo, with the brightest eyes and the most captivating blushes ;- Oxford with a good allowance-the continent with a larger allowance-the London Clubs with the largest allowance of all-a seat in Parliament, and some thousands a-year, more or less-and, to crown all, the identical SonTA of the schoolboy's dreamland converted into a portly matron in ruby velvet at one end of a rich dinner table, while the unflinching gladiator in the school of all the virtues sips a glass of unexceptionable Burgundy at the other, and descants upon the frightful propensities of human nature, and the vices of the poor. So much for young HorEmuL ; now for young HorTLsss. Born of a cadger and the heiress of a dog's-meat man in the back attic of a back street behind Clare-market, or haply in Bethnal-green; wrapped in a ragged dishclout, hii little lips placed at a breast which will yield little but adulterated gin; weaned over a cabbage-stall; untaught in any science save sharpness, and that sharpness the sharpness of London thieves; ignorant of any distinction between himself and the street curs, save that he hick3 the dogs, and the dogs bite him; familiar from infancy upwards with the choicest phraseology of bLasphemy and obscenity; taken by his mother on Saturday night to witness the ceremony of pawning the flannel petticoat and stolen kerchief at the sign of the Three Balls; well-grounded from his earliest years in the rudiments of picking and stealing,removed in due course to Air. FAGON's Finishing Academy to practise on the mannikin with its larcenous bells,-familiar with the police-court, in which he lisped his earliest public lie,-with a stall at the penny theatre, when he has succeeded in stealing the penny ;-of his SoPiA and of their colutship we dare not speak; the world is first made acquainted with the story of their loves when young HoPrss is placed at the bar charged with having s3mashed in the nose, blackened the eyes, broken the head, and fractured two of the ribs of the object of his affections. Why pursue the dismal tale ? The Quarter Sessions and the Assizes, the Hulks and the Penitentiaries, Norfolk Island and CALcMsur, need not be painted in. Now, we do not say that it is education which makes al the difference. There are too many instances in which all the advantages of fortune have been thrown away upon what, for want of a better term to describe an indescribable idea, we must call the " innate depravity" of the pupil. Take, however, the reverse of the medal ;-how many children who have received the edulcation of a thief have not done ample justice to their instructors? We are not speaking of the young adepts in crime who may have been caught at an early age by M. DE 3IETZ or any other apostle of humanity, for their downward impulse has been arrested in time; theyare pre-eminently wellbrought up. We speak of children who begin life as thieves, and have never known a Mettray;-we speak of young thieves as they were three or four years ago in the capital of the British empire. It is too well known that the young thief well-nigh invariably grew up into the adult thief, and, unless his career were cut short at the gallows, died as an old thief,-what the policemen call " a hardened " offender." Poor wretch ! was he most in fault, or the rich, the well-born, the well-taught, who knew what was necessary for him, but turned from the loathsome or wearisome task of dealing with the vulgar eriminal and vulgar crime ? Young HOPEFUL started in life with his coral and gold bells, and young HOPELEsS with the broLen neck of a gin-bottle to promote the process of teething; and the very probable result is that Old HOPEFUL, in a most impressive speech, which brings tears into the eyes of the very turnkeys and ushers of the court-an unsentimental race-dismisses old HoPrnEss to the scaffold, with the gratifying information that in this world he can hold out to him no further-hope. All this was very well in its time; we and our fathers paid our taxes lik-e 3men-we subscribed largely for the purpose of catching, scourging, imprisoning, banishing, and hanging these forlorn creatures. Light, however, has shone upon us, and in all parts of the country we are beginning to ask each other if it would not be a more politic and prudent, a more Christian, and indeed a cheaper course, to catch young HOPELESS in his freshman's term, and try to turn him to some good purpose? If the nosquitoes could be hived and instructed in the science of making honey, what a blessing it would be Ii The cry is all for Reformatory Schools; and if there were the faintest tinge of sentimentality and cant about it it should certainly receive no support in the columns of lSe Times. This, however, is not so. Men have got hold of a true idea at last; let ns try and work it out. Let us endeavour to deal with it as JA3ms WATr dealt with steam, or VEAnrsrots -with- electricity. Surely, the same energy and intelligence which have enabled us to lead the vapour and the. lightning captive may help us to reduce crime to the minimuLom consistent with the infirmities and passions of human nature. It is GOD'S work, aid surely HE will strengthen our hands. Meetings are held weekly throughout the country to promote this most important and vital object. To-day we print a report from Newcastle-uponTyne, and for it we beg the attention of the public. Earl GR, Lord RAVENSWORT, and other speakers addressed a large assemblage of the nobility, clergy, and gentry of the counties of Durham and Northumberland, imploring their aid in this good work. Earl Gm said, and with per- feet reason, that the coumnry is in advance of thle Legislature upon this subject, and that much yet remains for the Government to do. It is so, and be it so, There is the more reason why every man in his degree should press on the 'good work, and aWa i4 ;aaling out a one whicl the Houae of Parliament cannot resist. The most earnest and benevolent speakers appear much struck7 with the anomaly of instructing the young offender, and not the young-shall we say?-non-offender, with the cruel farce of considering the Reformatory School an impossibility unless a police-oourt be its vestibule. We entreat them to press on, nevertheless. In promoting the reformation of the young criminal they are rendering it impossible for the country not to educate the honest 'offspring of honest parents. We shall rejoice to see the' anomaly yet more anomalous, for the education of al iB one of the great tasks set before this generation. Man is a compound of innate impulses, of education, and of circumstanoes. With education, at least, we may deal. -
If the founder of Dulwich College were to rise from the tomb, the altered condition of his property would surprise him not less than the altered state of our manners. Times have changed since EDWARD ALLxvN, playing the part of devil on the stage, fancied he saw the real demon before him, in horror vowed away his own property, and became his own pensioner. Feelings, manners, pastimes, studies -all have changed. Re lived when the drama was in its palmy days, and sought the double honour of acting great plays at the Rose and of baiting bears and lions in the Tower for the amusement of King, Queen, and Prince. If " Sweet NED,",zas the poets loved to call him, and his " little Mouse," as he called his vife, were now alive, they woold no longer be found dealing in theatricals; they -would find the theatre itself turned into the exhibition which the Mlaster of the Garhes directed in the Tower; they would be settled down on their handsome demesae at DJuiwich, and selling land at high prices to. the Crystal Palace Company. If A.sENv wasinmanyrespects aweak man, he was at least a practical man, and desirous to do the utmost good in his power. He would at once perceive that his 2Dulwich property is very much thrown away; that, while of kifinitely greater value nowthan when he founded the "GOD'S " Gift," as he called it, the benefit derived from it is comparatively much less; and that, in fact, he is the reputed father of one of the most absurd, rotten, and useless institutions which in our time have passed under the name of charities. A=72i- estimated his property at 8001. a-year, and intended it for the double purpose of maintaining a certain number of aged poor and educating a certain number of poor scholars, chosen from the four parishes of St. Botolph, St. Luke, St. Saviour, and Camberwell. He calculated that his estate would maintain 12 poor brethren and sisters, and give the best education then attainable to 12 scholars; and for their especial behoof he appointed a master, a warden, and four fellows with various duties. Divided among 30 people 8001. is not a large sum, but those who know the style of living in those days, and especially that of the clergy, the principal learned class, will understand that for this sum a good education, including the benefita of a University, might be provided for the 12 scholars. As time wore on, of course a first-class education became more expensive ; but, at the same time, the proceeds of the charity became larger. It has happened, however, with this institution, as with so many others of a similar character, that the object of the founder was soon lost sight of; the master, warden, and four fellows became the important personages; they advanced as time advanced; the number of poor brethren and poor scholars remained still the same, and the education provided for the latter has been less and less. The founder, as we learn from a late report, clearly intended that the scholars should have the opportunity of obtaining an education which should fit them for the University and for the higher professions. Yet since the year 1Z770 not one of the boys has been prepared for the university, the members of the College holding the opinion that the position in society fiom which the boys are chosen makes it imprudent for them to aspire to an academical career! The value of the Dilwich estate is now more than ten times what it was in EDWARD ALLLET's days; with good management it might have been mueh more; and in the neighbourhood of the Crystal Palace, with the population growing around, it is expected to rise higher and higher every year. It is surely high time that such a valuable property should no longer be misappropriated to half-a-dozen individuals, paid thousands for little more than the obligation to live in- a pleasant suburb of London. It may be that in appropriating the greater part of the 8,0001. which the estate now yields, these gentlemen are strictly within the letter of the law ; we suppose that they- are from the fact that in the scheme which proposes to remodel the institution their vested interests are carefully provided for; but how ridiculous that the prime object of the institution should be forgotten, and the means regarded as the end! Ridiculous,-but, indeed, we are tired of laughing at such abuses. The joke of legally converting a charitable trust into a charitable robbery has been so often repeated, that it now appears as stupid as it is wicked, and as intolerable as it is legal. From the scheme for the remnodelling of this institution, which we this day publish, our readers will be glad to see that at length there is some prospect of the charity being placed on a more equitable footing, and the views of its amiiable founder more effectually carried out. It will be seen that the first objects of the scheme is to preserve the rights of the present members intact; the master is:to receive his 1,0001. a-year, the fellows their quota, the 12 poor brethren- and sisters 1501. each; but the property is annually increasing, and it is proposed to apply it, as far as possible, to the following purposes --Ins'ead of 12 boor persons receiving each about 1501. a-year, there shall be double that number, twith homes provided for them, and receiving a weekly allowance not exceeding 20s., besides 16 out-pensioners with a weekly allowance not exceeding 10s.; but, while thus preserving the eleemosynary character of the I"Gon's Gift," as the founder intended that his charity should be caUed, it is intended in an especial manner to develope the educational depar ment so as to render it worthy of the name of College, by which it is more generally known. For this purpose two schools are to be establidied-an upper, or classical, and a lower, or English oneeachprovided with headmasters and under masters, valuable exhibitions, and other prizes... Beyond their salaries, the masters are to receive certain fees in proportion to the number of scholars, and there are to be day scholars, boarders, and partial boarders. A goodly number of the boarders are to be " on the foundation,I"- blit provision is to be made for the reception of: many more at the bare cost of their living and books. The upper school is to be endowed with several exhibitions of 1001;, tenable - for four years ; the lower7 with 12-exhibi_ tions not exceeding 301.; and it will be in the power of the governors to allot prizes and gratuities of uot more than 401. to other successful fo cmdation scholars. : These are great reforms, and, if they are carried out in the spirit with wilch they are proposed, I)ulwich College, now a rottenl old monastery for some score of mkaownis,. anrd -visited only biy. those few armateurs who' are aware of the rare excellence of the pictures -in the adjacent gallery, will take as high a place and become as ccelebrated aa the foundation achools of Wiache3ter or W;st- mainster. These beiefits, - it vill ,be oiserved, are intended, in the frst 'instance, for the inliabi-. tants of four paishesaLSt. Botolph, St. Saviour,; St. Luke, and St. Giles' Camberwell; -bat, while tho preference is always ito be given to those parishes, and the governors to be elected by those vestries, it is hoped that the benefits, of. the institution will be still more largely distributed. Let us add our belief that if it be practicabIe to open these advantages in tome respects to the public at large, it woulad increase the usefulnems and emoluments of the College and redound to the honour of IDwAiV Axizxy. '
CORTL CIRCULAR. IVIDSOR, JK. 3. The Queen and Prince, accompanied by the Duke of Cambridge, and attended by the Marchioness of Ely and the Hon. Beatrice Byng, drove out in an opencarriageyesterdayafternoon, and honoured' Mr. Ward, RA., by vsiting his studio at lpton-park The Equerries in Waiting were in attendance on bonreback His Serene Highness Prince Ernest of Leiningen left the Castle for the eontinert. -His Serene Highness Prince Augustus of Saxe-Weimar arived on a visit to Her Majesty. The dinnerpartyincludedher Boyal HIghnessthe Duchess of Kent, his Boyal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, his Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar, his Serene Highness Prince Gustavus of Saxe-Weimar, the Duke of Newcastle, Lady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Spaeth, the Hon. Mary Seymour, Colonel Tyrwhitt, aud Sir James Clark- The band of the Grenadier Guards played during dinner. The Queens private band afterwards performed in the Castle. This morning his Royal HighnessPrince Albert, with the Duke of Cambridge, accompanied by Prince Edward and Prin.e Gustavus of Saxe-Weimar, went out shooting. The Duke of Cambridge (attended by. Colonel Tyrwhitt) and Prince Augustus of Saxe-Weimar took their departure in the afternoon. The Duke of Newcastle has also left the Castle. The Hon. Mary Seymour and the Hon. Emily Cathcart have succeeded the Hon. Eleanor Stanley and the Hon. Beatrice Byng as Mids of Honour in Waiting. Prince Ernest of Leiningen left london on Wednesday night for Germany. The Sardinian hlnister arrived in London yesterday, from the seat of Viscount Palmerston, Broadlands, Hants. The Lord Chancellor will receive the Judges, Queen's. Counsel, &c., on Friday, the 1st day of Hilary Term, at his Lordship's residence in Upper Brook-street, at 12 o'clock The Chancellor of the Exchequer andLady Theresa lewis returned to town yesterday, from a visit - to the Earl and Countess of Clarendon, at the Grove. Viscount and Viscountems Palmerston arrived in town yesterday morning, from Broadlands, and in the afternoon left London for Windsor Castle, on a visit to Her Majesty. Lord Stanley of Alderley has returned to town from Alderley-park, Cheshire. DespatchesfortheGovernors of Malta, Ceylon,and Hongkong were -ent last eveningfrom the Colonial-office.
THE PENLNSULAR MAILS. SOUTHAPO1 N, JAX. 3. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Sultan, Captain Christian, with the Peninsular mails in charge of lieutenant Pearson, R.N., we have dates from Gibraltar, Dec. 26; Cadiz, the 27th; Lisbon, the 30th; Vigo, the 31st. The Sultan brings nine passengers, and on freight 12 packages of specie, valued at 3,130.,and a cargo consisting of 1,773 cheats of oranges, 236 boxes of raisins, 244 bags of nuts, SO boxes of onions, 145 boxes of almonds, 52 cases of dates, 261 cases of eggs, and 136 packages of general merchandise. Dnring the voyage the Sultan experienced boisterous weather withheavyseas. Onthe 31stnlt., offCapeCornbedo, she spoke the steamship Madrid with the outward Peninsular mail. The French war steamer Primauguet, eight gnus, Captain Veignans, was at Cadiz on the 27th of December. The mail stamship Alma sailed from Gibraltar for Ialta ancd Alexandria on the 26th nlt. Lisbon inteligence is to the 30th nlt. The exchanges at three ;onths are quoted by this mail at 5Q on London; Paris, 521; Amsterdam, 43A; Hamburg, 483; Genoa, 518. There was a scarity of both bills and money on London, and consequently avariationof one-eighth upon the quoted rate; on other places few transactions had taken place, paper being scarce in consequence of the rise in London. Stock and Bank Shares had risen at Lisbon, but were agan dull when the packet left at 43 to 43A for Three per Cents., with confreres; and 44 to 44A for registered stock - Bank of Portugal shares, 500 to 503 milreis per share of 500 milreis; Oporto Bank shares, 171 to 20 per cent. prenmum. Heavy rais had prevailed, but the weather had improved when the Sultan left the Tagas. Offidal notice had been given that the Eing would open the Cortes on the 2d of Jaluary, by which time the arrival of the Mnister of Finance was expected. Her Majesty's ship St. George was at Lisbon on the 30th nit. Gibraltar dates are to the 26th of Decembor. The British sailing transport Eveline arrived on the 15th nit. from Ualta, 'With povwder, shot, and shel. Her Mlajestys steam troopship Urgent arrived at Gibraltar, from Plymouth; on the 18th ult. After coaling she sailed for the Black Sea. Thescrew-steamerTeneriffe, which arrivedfrom the eastward on the 18th, reported that Rear-Admiral Sir Houston Stewart, in the Hannibal, screw-steamship, together with the St. Jean d'Acre, the Sidon, and the Sphynx steamers, put into Smyrna on the 7th nlt. The British steamer Melita, six days from Liverpool, arrived at Gibraltar on the 18th. The Arcadia, six daysfrom Liverpool, arnived on the 19th. The Milan and the Spartan, tv o new screw steamships, six days from Liverpool, arrived at Gibraltar on the 22d. Both steamers experienced very heavy weather. The sailing transport-ship Bombay left Gibraltar for Spithead on the morning of the 22d. The British steam-transport Prompt, which left Constantinople on the 1st, and Malta on the 13th -lt., arrived at Gibraltar on the 23d, and reached Spithead on Tuesday. After leaving Constantinople she experienced very heavy westerly gales, and was obliged to put into Zante for a supply of fael, encountering, during the wlhole of the passage, very rough weather and strong headwinds from the west, which compelled lher to put into Valez aLaga also for coal. The Prompt spoke on the 16th, off the Island of Galita, the British bark Devenou., of London, 30 days out from Cardiff, bound to Constantinople. The Aitna steam-transport put into the bay during the night of the 23d, from Malta, for the purpose of coalingpreviouslyto proceeding to Liverpool. The steam-transport Caroline, from London, with stores for the British amy in the Crimea, put into the bay on the same day. The Government steam-tug Bustler towed out the transport-ship True Briton, bound to Spithead, on the morning of the 23d. Tne British screw transport Golden Fleece arrived at Gibraltar from Malta on the 25th ult., and landed 71 muleteers who had been to the Crimea in charze of animals for the Land Transport Corps. After taking in coals she sailed for the Dardanelles, conveying a number of mules. The steam-transport's Atna and Caroline left for England on the 24th ait. The Progress, having discharged a cargo 'of shot and shell from the East, sailed for Spithead on the evening of the 96th. Gibraltar exchanges for bills on London, at 90 days' date, were quoted at 514 to 51g ; Paris, of. 40c. ; Mameilles, of. 40c. Spanish pillared dollars, 6 per cent. premium,
We have received the Momiite r of yesterday. It does not contain any news of interest. A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at the Foreign-office. The Mmiisters present were, -Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, Lord Panuure, lM. Secretary -Iabouchere, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir (laries Wood, thMe Ri£,ht Hon. RI. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. II. T. B3ainer,, and theDul;heof ALrg,yl. The Council. sati .two hours and a half. .. "DOD'S PEsauoE."-The newr edition of this standard book of reference maintains its established reputation for accuracy, conciseness, and convenient arrangement. During the past year the distinguished services of naval and mlfitary officers in the East have been re6*ided bv an enteusive distribution of the Order of the Bati,. and thus a very considerable number of newlnights appear in the pages of thle present voltue It also carefully records the many cehanges arisingirom ithe deaths'of titled persopa,in the course of the conflct, the neiw knihthoods; baionetiese, and additions to the Privy Council, and the afteiations effected within the same period by births, deaths, and =ariages Great diligence appears to havebeen ekercisedin-snpplyng particulars repecting individuals hitherto briefly noticed, and inbrning down e fact. to the close:of 1855 - nrAPEnts' -besrrnoo.-fThe annual baHl of the Linendrapers', Lacemen's, Haberdashers', and Eoeiers' Institution took place at Willis's-rooms on Thurdy night., :wiceh was well supporte by the several tra1t embrae tcoit,there being from 300 to 400 periona present. sneeompany were so well pleased with the entertainment that they remanied *ut-il uv vanoed bout of the mowozing.
SEICOND EDI-TION. THB TIMES OFFIgCE Fridty IMornig. EXPRESS FROM PARIS.- The following is the letter of outr Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- ' I A letter from Constantinople, of the 24th, give3 the following information:- ' 'to "Inportantmodifications are stillexpected in the OttmanMinistry, and well-informedpersons re of opinionii thA they will take place this week. It is believed that bus. taphaPasha wi enter the Cabinet as Grand Vizier, andthot nane of Redschidpasha has been again prnnced. " A few days ago the model of a medal was sulbmitted tX the Sultan, wbich pursuant tSo his orders has been stracl, ir order to be distributed among the aiEed annies. It had been: pr posed to sHisgmene to give to the oicers onlya medal od gold, and to the soldiers one of silr. The Sultan repliek, that it was not his intention to make anydifference betweenL the soldiers who had fought as wel and sold their lives az dearly as the officers, and that both having given proofs of the same heroismboth were entitledtothesame recompense. On one side of the medal is the word - Thovca (the cipher of the Sultan), surrounded by a crown of oak and laurel, and! underneath the word Sebastopol in Turldsh characters; on the reverse are seen the four flags of the alied armies, sup. ported by a cannon, forming a trophy, with an anchor, a shell, and a map. The itrinsic value of the medal is from 70f. to SOf. " Baron Prok-esch, whose arrial Iaounced to you, nade three days ago hisofficial visit to the Porte. and was received yesterday in solemn audience by his Bighness, to -whom he delivered his credentials. The newInterMuncio has received a moost cordial reception from all membems of the Govern. ment. His arrival has also made a very favourablo impres. sion in the different political circles, where it is hoped-his coming will be the signal for the adoption of certain resolu. tions the gravity of which cannot be too highly estimated in the important circumstances in which we find ourselves. "The afir of the soi-doisantColonel Tfirr, to which people wished to give too much importance, particulaly in Europe, has been properly arranged here. YoQ are a that the Porte showed itself justly hurt at the act of authority exercised on its territoryby the Austzian General. I sa informed that the most satisiactory.explanations have been given on the point." iA private letter from Berlin, of the 31st, mentions that the propositions presented to Russia byFrance, Engl,and, and Austria will be communicated officially to the representatives of the various Povers as soon us the reception they meet with from the Russian Government is known. It is probable that by this they have been so commnnicated. When peace is rade Russia will be invited by the Allies to obtain from the Ottoman Government the emancipation of the Rayahs, and the securing to them their privileges. Otheraccounts from Constantinople of the 24tl1 lt. state that theOttomanGovernmentwas seriouslf intent on devising means to obviate the fatal consequences that might attend the fal of Rars, shoould all further advance of the Russians on the Turkish territory not be immediately checked. The plan of the new campaign was agreed upou at a coTmcil of war, convoked for the purpose, and at whichl the allied Generals Mansfield and Larchey, Colonel Chiesa Della Torre, and the first dragomans of the EnglishandFrenchEmbassie3assisted. Tenthousand men are to be detached from the amy of Omar Pasha,andconductedby GeneraliMouldisPasha, from Suchum Kaleh to Trebizond, where the othertroops abouttooperateinAsiaaretoassemble. Onthe22din. telligence reached Constantinople that Omar Pasha, meeting with insurmountable obstacles, had renounced marching upon Kutais, and was in full retreat upon Suchum-Raleh. Although the' failure of his expedition was long since anticipated, the event nevertheless produced a painful sensation on the Porte and the public. TheCrimean mail brought accounts of the 22d from the alied camp. The position at Sebastopol was unchanged. The coast was visited on the 19th by a frightful hurricane, which lasted severml hours. An Austrian vessel, laden with 100 oxen and 200 sheep, was driven at night into the Bay of Sebastopol, and the batteries of Fort Constantine immediately opened apon her. Abandoned by her captain and crew, the vessel drifted to the south side of the bay, and was fired upon by the Russians during the whole of the next day, until it was set on fire and destroyed, with the loss of all the cattle on board. An English vessel, the Caledonia, which arrived at Kamiesch the day before, with a cargo of coal for the squadron, was thrown on the coast. The captain and crew, instead of remaining on board, whvere they had nothing to fear, got into a boat and were all drowned. An American tranP0r, the Cortes, laden with hay, also ran agrounl, near the Caledonia, but the crew and cargo were saved. Five other merchantmen, belonging to different nations, were either lost or seriously damaged. On the same day, the centigrade thermometer fell to 18 deg. below the freezing point. Since then, however, it rose again above that point, and on the 22d the weather -was magnificent. Baron de Koller, -who acted during the last 10 months as Austrian Nuncio at Constantinople, embarked on the 23d for Trieste, on his way to Vienna. I forgot to mention yesterday that the Emperor during the levee made a few but strong remarks to rthe Neapolitan Ambassador on the sympathy shown by his master-with the cause of Russia. The Anbassador, who, I believe, is very deaf, muttered some unmeaning excuse. It was thought that'the papers would allude to the matter to-day, but an intimation has been sent to them not to do so, as it would serve no object to envenom the imatter by giving it publicity. he Paris papers have therefore said nothing on the matter. A private telegraphic despatch from Madrid, dated yesterday, announces that 1\. :ruil, Thnister of Finance, had that day presented a new demand for the estabishment of a Cr4dit Mobilier on the paTt of N1L Prost andCo., and-'of 16 other bankdng firms of Panis and the departments, as also of several Madrid and Paris capitalists. The prayer has been submitted to the same commission that is charged -with the examination of the Pereire project. Xle commission hias adopted the principle that the concession of a Credit Mobilier in Spain should not be accorded to I1 L Pereire exclusively. A private letter from Madrid, of the 29Wh i:l., says " General O'Donnell is much better. Hisposition has even. so materially improved that, in a few days, he will be quite conivalescent. No change will take place in the Mnistry Tntil his complete recovery. Yesterday the formei Pro. gresista Minister of Marine and Captain-General of the Navy, Dionizio Capaz, died at Madrid. HIe is to be suc. ceeded by M. Armero, the senior Uientenant-General. The difference relative to General Ros de Olano is satisfactorily adjusted. General3Espirtero no longer insists on alpoint ing General Gurrea Director of the Infantry, and contiinues on the most fziendly terms with the GOenerals of VicavAr3o. The Parliamentary Commission, to which the tariff biU -was referredfor examinati on, and 1M. Breuil, Minister of Fimarce, have resolved to meet hereafter every day in the Palace of Cnress uitil the 10th of February, tohearthe observAons and grievances of the psities affected by the contemnplsated reforms. A motion is to be brought forward in the Cortes to the effect of calling on them to reject for ever or approve thereetmbismnt of theadties on articles of consumption. The commissicn appointed .to report on the Crdit 3XoAilier Bill assembled 'Z the 2Sth, und ththe presidency-9of 3l. Santa Cru7, and decided on hearing Messcs. Pereire'and Bixio, and a' number of comnpetent persons. and otp tltO_ tsts of Madrid lbefore it; subnitted its. epinion -.,the Cortes. BarceloaWi' :al2so anxousll t4'tosOeSS a.. limk of Crddit Mobilier.' .The General Badget Comnmission Ineets every night,' ald is now discusing the aitina&tes of the -Finance Department,- the last rem examined. ,Te Dukne of San.Miel'ar-aamitted'to t4 tak a his se. as deputy for the pro'vince of Oviedo. In reply to an interpellation bypl. Figueras, the Minister of Foreign Afleirs declared that .the aonduct of tWe-F:ranch Government, ana the measures it had adopted along the troutiems to prmvent the Carlista entering SpAin, were par-
FOREIGN FITELLIGBNCB. AUSTRIA. (FROM OUR O1w CORRESPON1F.NT A (A portion of the ollowing appeared in our second eUtion of yesterday :-l VIEN-NA, DEc. 30. Whlen Austria and the Western Powers agreed on the conditions of peace which were to be forwarded to St. Petersburg the former promised not to cornmunicate-them to any of the other Powers until after they had reached their destination, and the promise was religiously kept. As you have already been informed, CoimtValentineEsterhazyreached St.Petersburgon Wednesday,the 26th, and communicatedtlie conditions of peace to the St. Petersburg Cabinet on the following day. On the 28th Coimt Buol coinniunicatedtoPrince Gortschakoffthe termson which the Western Powers were willing to conclude peace, and he at the same time declared that they had been made with the full knowledge and consent of Austria. As was said in a previous letter, the conditions are those mentioned in the first leader of Thle Times of the 12th. It is foreseen that the third of the five conditions will lead to a tremendous stornu at St. Petersburg, as it defaeto deprives Russia of a great part of the advantages which s'he obtained by the treaty of peace concluded at Bucharest in the year 1812. In the leader above alluded to it is said, " Austria proposes that Russia shall cede so much of the teiritory of Bessarabia as is necessary to secure to all nations the free navigation of the Danube-" and the meaning of this is, that Russia is required to cede all the territory lying betwveen the fortress of Chotyn, in the north, of the Sasik or Salt Lake in the south, and of the Pruth in the wvest. By thee fourth article of the treaty of Bucharest, the Porte ceded to Russia about one-third of 3foldavia-including the fortresses of Chotyn, Ismail, and Eilia; and this must now be returned to its original proprietor. By the treaty in question Russia also obtained the whole of the province of Bessarabia, and a glance at the map wil at once convince you that the Dniester ought to form tho limit between Russia and European Turkey, for if Russia should accept the propositions now made there wvill only be a "dry" frontier between the Russian province of Bessarabia and Moldavia. A few days since His MIajesty the Emperor Francis Joseph forwarded autograph letters to the Kings of Prussia and Bavaria, iri which he communicated to them the propositions which had been forwarded by Austria to the Russian Government. It is believed that they (the propositions) will be supported by Kingf Maximi3an, but it is positively known that they have not met with the approbation of His Prussian Mlajesty. Apartments have been kept for Colonel Mlanteuffel at the "' Archduke Charles" hotel since Thursday last, but it is supposed that he has been detained at Dresden or has received counter-orders from his Royal master. It is possible that the Emperor has also written to the King of Saxony, but no positive information has reached me on the subject. The representatives of England and France speak in verybigh terms of the straightforward and honourable conduct of this Government, and feel convinced that Austria will immediately "break off" her diplomatic relations with Russia if the conditions of peace, of which Count Esterhazy was the bearer, should be rejected. It must be understood that my informant employed the word omnpre (to break off) and not msupend2 e (to suspend). It need hardly be said that the foregoing statement deserves implicit confidence. A Vienna correspondent of the Fyinlfiort Post Ze-ituag mrites as follows "The assertion of the Jo2ro2al de DIrsde that Russia is wiling to agree to the neutralization of the Black Sea, under certain conditions, wil produce no effect, as the Western Powers and Austria demand from Russia a simple acceptance or a simple rejection of their propositions. A conditional acceptance will be considered equivalent to a rejection. The best proof that the December allies are-should itbe necessary-resolved to enforce peace is, that they are already agreeing on the measures to be taken if their propositions should be rejected. It may be added that the negotiations on the subject are progressing to the satisfaction of all parties." - My political friends take a great deal of trouble to convincemethat myjudgment is atfault, but it is still my firm belief that Austria will not be a participator in the war next spring, unless she can previously obtainfromthe undapromise ofsupport. It must, however, be remarked that if. she could calculate on the assistance of Bavarii,Saxony, and the srialer German States she might possibly be induced to bid defiance to Russia. Help from Prussia Austria does not expect, as she knows full well that King Fiederick Wll;am is completely in the hands of Russia. lWe learn from St. Petersbuug that the conduct of the Mussulman population on the baiks of the Volga gives some uneasiness to the Russian Governiment. M Iany Mussulmans have been arrested and sent to Sibelia. We are also told that there is considerable excitement in Finland, and it appears probable that such is ieally the case, as the Russian Government has refused to permit any of the Finnish families to go to Sweden to pas the winter. The Emperor Alexander II. has ordered a special Court to be formed at Kieff for trying eaptured Poles and Hungarians.3 The former are-to he punished according to the militaTry law of the coun- try, but tho latter are to be delivered over to the Austrian authorities! So many Polish and Hungarian prisoners are taken-in irons-to Eieff, that no fewer than four judges3 and 10 secretaries are continually employed. The publication of the Austro-Roman concordat was prohibited in Russian Poland. The text of the concordat was published at Naples in tho official Gazette, with the exception of the paragraph relative to the abolition of the pkacedumr reqismn. There widl be a grand ceremony on Tuesday next in the cliurch attached to the Imperial Palace. The Emperor has undertaken to p lace the Cardinal's hat on the head of the Archbishop of Vienna, and invitations have been sent to all the Ch"amberlains to attend. The Oesterreichische Zeitustg has received the following letter:- "ODESSA, DEc. 21. "For some days past our ioads have been frozen over to a distance of two vercts from the coast. In the steppe the thermometer yesterday showed 25 deg. below zero of Reaumur's scale. On the same day the 14th and lth infantry divisions were on their march from Sebastopol. No lives were lost, but some of the men's noses, ears, and clheeks were frozen. The march of troops towards Boessarabia continually increases; but there can be no question of an evacuation of the Crimea, as militia, guards, and reserves take the place of the battalions which leave that peninsula. It is rumored that Prince Gortschakoff will leave the Crimea, and take the command of the army on the Danube. Adjutant-General Osten-Sacken is mentioned as tle successor of Prince Gortsclhakof The few gunboats left off Kinbumare frozen in, andtlcattemptsto free them' from the ice by means of artillcry have completely fai.cd." The first meeting of the Administrative Council of the Credit and Commercial Bank is to take place to-day. The President of the Council is to be elected, and it is believeda that the choice will fall on Prince Schwarzenburg. The shares of the company are now at a premium of 10 or 11 per cent. The Oest-wreichischo Corrcspondenz brings article after article in defence of the proposed law in favour of free co mpetition in trale. The Vienna papers are one and all in favour of the measure, but thevarious guilds ofler a vigorous opposition, and threaten to petition the Emperor to order his Minister of Commaerce to relinqiuish a plan which, in their opinion, " will be the ruin of the country." Yesterday there w;as a very warm discussion on the subject in the Chamber of Trade of Vienna, and one of the advocates of free competition wound up his discourse by saying that no Government ought to hesitate to sacrifice the interests of single individuals to the welfare of the million. Mleyerbeer's Etoile dit Norcd was given yesterday for the first time, and iuet with " prodigious" success. The pieces which were already known to the public from the opera of Vica-a were the overture, three airs in the first and second acts, the conspiracy chorus, 'with a part of the I¶,nale in -the second act, and the famous " flute air" in the third act. The solparts were better given in London and Paris, but the choruses and marches were perfect. The mnaestro, who was obliged to appear on the stage some 15 or 20 times, was vociferously applauded. SARDINIA. (FROoa OUR OWN COlU;rONIDELNT.) TURIN, DEC. 30. Tn the present lhll of European political events, and during the Christmas recess of the Piedmontese Parliament, the Opposition press of Turin has been clhiefly occupied in desultory attacks on their Ministry; but, aftera'll, these are mere skirmishes, to pass the time during vacation. With the resumption of business the more serious designs of the besiegers will be disclosed, and a greater degree of umanimity will probably be displayed in an assault on the firancial position of the M3inistry, whicl is considered generally as untenable, and is assuredly not popular. The situation of theo Minister of Finance is, indeed, by no means enviable; certain taxes on persons and property havelately been imposed which have caused a iuniversal outcry in the country, and yet it was absolutely necessary to lay on new taxes, as the demands on the revenue, caused chiefly by the expenses of the last war, have raised the expenditure from90,224,124f. in 1847, to 139,157,335f. in 1856, andthe objectionable part of the system in levying these taxes is more attributabletothe Chamber than to the Minister; nevertheless, he is forced to bear the blame, as the measure was originally his, although subsequently doctored by the Deputies; and now the demand of the Opposition, which has assumed the most "questionable" shape, is that an income-ta,x should be substituted for the taxes on trades and professions and household furniture. The unfairness complained of in the fist of these taxes is that, as all persons are obliged to pay for exercising any profession or trade, the man doing a good business pays no more than he who does little; and, in the seomnd, that a man with a family, who must necessarily require more room than a bachelor, must be heavier taxed, although he may be less able to afford it. M. Cavour has already expressed his willinomess to refolm the present system, and if the project of substituting an inmcometax should be pressed by the Opposition, it is probable that the Ministry would be found quite prepared to yield to the demand. In the meantime, as the army estimates wil be one of the first subjects brought before the Chamber of Deputies after it has disposed of the question now pending, the Minister of Finance wiU then have an opportunity of explainingto the House the hopes of assistance held out to him fiom England for the relief of this country from extra expenses incurred during the present war; and, as they will show that he need not therefore resort to a new loan, he will most likely be able to pacify his opponents on that head. It is said that the English Government is to propose to Parliament a supplementary loan to Sardinia of one million sterling, in addition to the two millions already voted, and on the same terms, so as to enable her to maintain her war establishment on its present footing, which is considerably greater than what was stipulated by the military convention. On the whole, therefore, it is not to be anticipated that the present session of the Sardinian Legislature will be very animated, for, as the papers quoted above say, the Ministry has a strong majority in both Hlouses, and there is no legal necessity for a dissolution for two years to come; but- that ill not deter aspiring financiers from censuring to the best of their abilities the present Minister of Finance, M1. Cavour, and possibly some smart bantering may occur in consequence. In order to keep the war contingent up to its present numbers, and at the same time supply deficiencies at home, it is asserted the Sardinian Government contemplate a levy of 13,000 conscripts early next year ; and it is very likely that those men whose time of service had expired, according to' the lules for ordinary times, wil not be released so soon as usual, in consequence of the exigencies of the moment. General della 3Iarmora has not yet been heard of, although he was known to have left the Crimea on the 18th, and may now be hourly expected. It is supposed he has gone- in the same steamer with Admiral Lyons to Marseilles, but he will certainly visit Turin before proceeding to Paris. STATE OF NAPLES. (ERo1r OR OWNV CORRRSPONDENT.) NAPLES, DEa 27. There are two points to which I most direct you especial attention in this letter-the results of French diplomacy in Naples, and the monster promotions which have recently taken place in the army. There is little, however, that is satisfactory or certain with respect to the mission of 3I. Brenier that I have to tell you. Very certain is it that his mission here was not meant as any complacent substitaition for Me Latour, who was very acceptable to this Cour, and who would have been just the man to retain here had there been any intention of maintaining the same good easy relations which have so Iong existed. lVhen 3. Brenier was last here his interview with the King was by no means an agreeable one; and now, on the event of his second mission, the steamner which brought down- the Imperial envoy waits his orders. Th3is is very significant, to say the least. It points to decisive demands, and contemnplates a failure and a return. My authority forithe following description of the French Minister's first interview with the King after his arrival is, I believe, pretty correct.'After having presented his credentials, and made the usual diplomatic address, hL Brenier begged His Majesty to give him an interview on business or important matters. The King declined by referring him to his Minister for Foreign Affairs, and ended by bowing him out. The request was, I am told, most unusual at an interview of mere ceremonial, but if. so His Majesty may thank himself. Signor Caraf is not a Miter, he is only a Director of Foreign Affairs-& nice distinction much in vogue at present, by which- the power of HIs' esty` servants to complete anynegotiationi3 ci& et,at of the Save reignisrenderedmoreabsolute than ever,and alptry saving is effected, beingthe difference between the salaries of Minister and Director. M. Brenier was right, therefore, to requesttobepermittedto treat-withthe only person in the country -with whom he could treat with any effect. From that time to this he has bad no other audience of His Majesty, as far as I can understand. Speculation is, of course, very rife sts to the precise object of his mission ; some say to attempt a general change in the policy of the Government; others to demand the exportation of grain; then, again, somne hint at the suibject of e-xchanges. Mly owvn opinion is that-he is come more particularly to carry out the wishes of the Emperor as expressed in his speedh on the closing of the Paris Exhilition-that is, to ask, "1 Art thou hot or cold ?" The question is very necessary; for, despite certain apparent changes, the sympathies of the Royal Family are undoubtedly with Russia, and every now and then one hears ucily rumours of remittances. Whether true or not, tiey show at least the feeling which exists here on the subject. Leaving M. Brenier for the present, I pass to the promotions in the army, as aso the very considerable military levy about to be made, certainly to the amount of 12,000, some say 18,000 men. An event of such a character necessarily attracts much attention, and following close upon the wholesale visit of Austrian Princes to this Court, perhaps undue importance is attached to it. The following persons have been raised to the highest military rank which it is in the power of the Crown to confer-a rank equivalent to our Field-MarshalCtount Gaetata, Del Caretto (of police rzotoriety), Lecca, Viale, Ischitella, Desourzi, Caracciolo, and the Count of Syrac use, the King's brother. W-ithout any mystification the following is, I believe, the srinple explanation of. the question :-On the 1st of January, 1856, the army and marine will be placed under the control of the hereditary Prince as Commander-in-Chief, and, in handing over this branch of the public service tc his son, Hfis Majesty desires to do so in as complete a state as possible. From 30 to 40 promotions of the hightest rank have been made. and consequent on those numerous regimental promotions in order. Many of these have been too long deferred; for a long time many military offices have remained vacant, partly, it is said, through the influence of our late Minister of Finance, who opposed as much as possible all expenditure of public money. As to the levy, it is that wiich was ordered in 1848, and has never been called for. Another, and doubtless' a very,strong motive for this movement, is a desire to please and conciliate the army, which has become greatly dissatisfied. They could ill brook being placed under the control of Mazza, and were, moreover, much displeased with the general neglect with whichl they were treated. His MIajesty must' well know that he has no hold on the affections of his people, and is wise in his day and generation in conciliatinge the army. The hereditary Prince, I hear, is better. People shook their heads at his falling ill so soon after the visit of the Austrian Princes to Naples. Projects of marriage are on the tapis, it is said, between his Royal Hichaess and sonmc foreignl Princess. at first a Belia Princess was spoken of, now it 3S a Bavarianl Princess, or a Saxon, some say. E xchange at 518.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI3IES. Sir,-At the close of a leadin,g article in 17w Tines of the 29th of December, on the subject of military education, are these pregnant words:" During the last 20 years only 20 officers from the senior department (of the Royal Military College), the sole national Staff school, have been employed on the Staff et dliing that period 140 received certificates. Hetow many more pould have sought and obtained them but that it was notorious in the anny that the certificate was -worth as much as the paper on iwhich it was written-no more I" In dealing with this question we must deal first vwith the larger one of the government of this country by means of political parties. Is it true, or is it not, that a scentiiic knowledge of his profession, so far from a means of advancement, is a hindrance to an officerP I believe it to be true, and thatit w.ill continue to be true, till each Cabinet 3inister shallfind his place more secure by servig the publc than by servng his party, and till he shall have acquired that wholesome fear of being found out which is a more effectual conscience-keeper thau any principles yet acknowledged by public men. You haveillustrated the argument fromthe Royal MrLE-tary College at Sandhurst; I will endeavour to xeinplify it from the Royal Naval College at Portsmouth. I know an officer who gainedttherefive prizes and also thefirstmedal. Hepursuedatseathe application of the science of which he had learnt the rudiments, and on several occasions proved that, together with the scientific acquirements, he had attained also the seamanship of his profession. That officer is now on the reserved-that is, the forced retiremelt list. Why was he allowed to remain unemployed? The answer may be found when the following questions havebeen considered Why was it that, on the abolition of the lNavy Board, when the NWhigs were in office after the Reform Bill, there was placed at the head of that department which designs and constructs the ships of the Poyal navy an offlcer whose attainments were known to be empirical, who having constructed a fast-sailing yacht for a Whi,g nobleman of great political influence was the1wefoe presumed to be a master of the art of naval architecture, and capable of constructing line-of-battle ships? Was there no Lord of the Admiralty sufficiently versed in the elements of the art to point out the difference, or had each Lord tuhe witto keep his own counsel? But what were the fruits of this tree of Whig reform plamting ? Let the ships whose defects as men-of-war arenow so thoroughly established that the principle onwhich they wvere constructed has been abandoned reply to this inquiry. Iet the hundreds of thousands of pounds wasted on these ships testify to the scientific knowledge, in this era of science, of the greatest maritime Power the wsvorld has ever seen, and to the princpleswhich govern the selection of her public functionaries. But, again, how has it happened that while in' former days the ships of war were more scientifica3ly constructed and sailed faster than almost any merchant ships, at present there are numerous sailing ships belonging to merchants which excel in speed by several knots an hour the fastest ships of -war, and are in other points examples of scientific progress ? Hovw was it that, in designing the other day a new yacht for the Queen, so little of the knowledge obtained during the last ten years has been applied to the case that this vessel, which ought to be a model of scientific results, is not much faster. than some vessels one-third of her size? There are builderswho would have undertaken that, without reducing the accommodation for the Royal personages and -suite, or the space for fuel, the yavht should have had a speed more than one-fifth (20 per cent.) greater than she has attained, and with no -greater displacement. - Can it be true, as is said, that some of the largest and fastest screw steamers afloat, built in a private yard on merchant account, were designed at the Admiralty-office in Somerset-house ? - If it be so, it -would seem as if the Admiralty do not possess even the wit to turn to account the means that lie ready to their hand. Yet the officers at thatBoard are not belowthe average intelligence; but thev are in a state of paralysis as to progress by the system which entanigles them. - : I could givemore illustrations,.but I have already sufflciently encroached upon your space. I ask, then, in conclusion, what parent would send a lad without aristocratic connexion or borough influence into the public service, if he knew b-eforehand what I have described; or who, _hanng entered it with either of those advantages, or, better still, with both, need ever -trouble himselfh to contendc for prizes or mnedals; or labotar for certificatesT It is held out, however, that- a new Eystem is begun; that henceforth political jobbing, in the aimy and navy at least, will be athiZr of a past age like the Porsuasize eTofix of ialpole. I do not believe it. I once placed faith in an Order in Council:; -Ilive to smile at my credality. - ~ ~ T anm. ir ; .:> A,~I-D~R&. Jan. 1. . B~re M~y~.-W reget t learn that
THE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. We have received files oi. papers from the Capo of Good HIope to the 15th of November inclusive. -lThe Cape Town MIail publishe8 the following, siun mary of an afficial retr in the Governlment "The Custom-hou3e returns of goods imported for thg firstsSiX months of 1854 and 18 give the following resutcc -For the first lix months of 1854, goods imported, 879,788M.; for the same months of 1855, 62?,218?.* maidng forthose 12 months, 1,502,0O0. "Goods entered for consumption for the first six months of 1854, 827,7024,; for the s"me months in 185', (43,485t. for those 12 months, 1,471,1871. " The exports of rtiices the produce of this Colony for ths first six months of 1854 were vlued at 315,5791., for the same months of 1855, at 440,816t; for those 12 months, 756,39. The exce33 of imports for consusoption overthe estimated value of colonialproduee exported during the 12 months referred to is thus shown to be 714,792?. "As a similar or much Feter excess of imports over exports has appeared on the returns for a long serie oGE years, it is Manifest that the difference mtatt be made up some way or another, as our mercantile credit could scarcely holdout for 30 or 40 years ageinst a debt accumulating, at the rate of 700,0001. a-year. . The principel sources from which we have been able to adjust the balnce, a5 usuaUy named by fintnciers, are the army and navy of Her Mlajesty, amounting in peace to about half the sum, and in war to considerably more than the full amount; supplies to the shipping or mercantile maine, a very large item which doesm not enter into the Customn' retuns ; Indian visiters and otherstrangers, at one time estimnated atneaaiy80,0D0F, but now, perhaps, less by a half or two-thirds. " In these returms we have the amount of Customs' duties collected only for the first six months of the present year. Theyanmount to 31,7701. for the first quarter, and to 35,1064. for the second; total for six months, 66,8761. " The two chief articles of export are worl and wine. On hoth the inmcrease during the present year has been very great. The wool experted during the first six months of 1854 was -alued at 221,8651..; for the same months in 18T. at 297,S851. The wine for the same months regpectively was valued at 13,4251. and 33,1691. This was once 6urstapla export, amounting in some years to between 80,00T0. ana -100,000. The quantity produced is supposed to be as great as ever it was, but it has found a more profitable market within the coloxy. The wool of the eastern and middle districts is indirectly exchanged for the wines, dried fraitsj and four of the western division. "Copper ore is a new article of export. For the first six months of 1854 this export was valued at 4,7201. ; in 1855, at 14,1791. " From the Customs' retxrn for many years back it ap. pears that the people of this colony consume aurallUy foreign goods to the value of, saLy, 1,503,00D0. In some years the imports greatly exceeded this amount. For 184 they were valued at 1,640,1421. But take 1,500,0001. as the aver. age consumption. The population has been variously estimated at from 250,000 to 300,000 souls. This would giva a consumption of foreign articles to the value of 5t. a. head., Of the necessary articles 'of food of colonial prcoduce, bread, meat, wine, &-c., we can scarcely suppose they consume less. The produce of the colony, withbot accumulation, must therefore b3 equal to 3,000,0001. annually. With the accumulxtion in stocks, buildings, and improvements on fixed or real property, by roads, &c., the total produce of 'land and labour cannot be valued at less than 4,00,OOI. annually. Ferom some tables referTed to last week we inferred that the tote p roduce of land and l.bour annually in'Oreat Britain would e about 12?. per head, or, in round. numbers, about 35;OD,OO,t annually. From the rough- calculation.abova suggested, it would appear that the produce of land and labour at the Cape is rather more, or about 1Y per head. If thisbe so, we have no reason to oomplain of our lot, more especially as our taxation is considerably-less than one-half per head of what it is in England, Holland, and France. "In the quarter ending July 5, 1855, the quantity of tobacco, ' not manufactured andm r,' entered for consumption, was 2,159 cwt., or 241,80Slb. ; the number of cigars was 3,608,750. That w, no doubt, an extraordinary quarter, the impending new duties having maused an extraordinary delivery. But the ordmary delv;9 of ci"srs for the year appears to be about 7,000,000. Tho retaiM price to the consumer may be taken at a enny 'each. *Toa cost to the colonial consumer about 3 D,000.; about the estimated interest on the sum required to construct a railway to the 1'aarl, or a breakwater and harbour in Table-bay."
EFFECT OF LA-D CARPJACT UPON BUSSIAN TRADE. In the report on the trade of Hjull for the yoaw 1855, published under the authority of a committee appointed by the Hull Chamber of Commerce and Sbipping, we find the following observations:- " On tain.g a retrospect for the past year of tbe trade of this port, which, it is well known, is lrgely concerned with the North of Europe, it does not appear that the busines3 has been so much hmited by the war vwith Russia as mlght have been reasonably anticipated, although it mustbe remarked that no port in the kingdom has suffered so much from the interruption of business with that country. The principal imports from Russia previous to the war consisted of hemp, flax, iron, tallow, =insee hides, wool, tar, and. deals, with large quantities of wvheat and oats, when prices in this country were such as to induce a trade in grain. The frontiers of FPrssia being open for the transoort of goods to and from Russia, it appears that the articles of flax, hemp, tallow, and linseed, to some extent, have been able to bear the heavy land carriage charges for shipmeat from 3Iemel and Ronigsberg, so thattheimportation of t.hese articles (except linseed) has been kept fully adequate to the consumption of this district. With a continuance of the war there seems no probability of a want hems' felt for thesa articles, as with increased experience the arrangements for the -land transport will be more maturely effectedand this expenso of carriage is not so injurious; on the whole, to ulussia as was expected-that on their exports being greatly paid by the enhanced prices in this country, while their imnorts, as being much more limited im quantity, obtain the benefit of back carriage, which, being in considerable supply, can be furnished at much reduced rates. A large portion of this land carriage goes into the hands of the Russian landowner. The land carriage on hemp, Rax, and tallow, from the St. Petersburg district to Mfemel, is understood to be about 10 to 12g. per ton, while return goods are takeu at much lower rates; thus the lower vahes bear tho heaviest charge. As with the transport of Russian articles over the Prussian frontier, so it has been by the coast of Sweden and the Gulf of Bothnia. Prew vious and subsequent to the blockade of the Finland ports considerable traffic has taken place between these two countries, and it is t1rough this channel -we have received the Finland tar, while.considerablet2nports into Russia have thus been effected of colonial and other produce."
THE INC03tOMB-. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI1ES. Sir,-As the Chancellor of the Exchequer will doubtless in a few months require to raise additional reAnue for carxyng on the var, might I be allowed, through your colmums, to suggest that, before laying on any new taxes, soune steps sharild be taken to eudeavour to Coct the full amount of income-tax Even in my limited acquaintance, the number of bachelors who live in lodgings, maldng their 2001. or3001. a-yearassalesmenand elerkS andwhohavenever pd 6d., is something astonishing, and is only to be equalled by the number of people in busimess on their own account who pay on about as manv hundreds a-year as they make thods. It is not in haman natre to pay taxes that have never been applied for, and I know of various gentlemen who are fortunate enough never to have bean asked in their lives to contnibute their share of the property and income ta;x * but mow that this taX is so heavy and likely enough to be increased it is only fair that every personL liable should be compelled to nav. Your obedientse-rvant FAIR PLAY. .-1aicbes7,,x, Jan. 2.
WHoLsAx MASSucFE.-The atrocities of the Coolie trade from China have excited universal indignation, both among those who know they are generally the result of ignorant or brutal management, and others who understand nothingabout the trade, andanlae nodistinctionbetwem hired coolies who are treated as slaves, and voluntary emigrznts who pay for their own passage. But all former instances have been outdone by a wholesale massacre of which accounts have just been received. The horrible tale may ba briefly told :-The Waverley, anAnerican ship of 750 tons, recently sailedfromAAmoywith 442 cooliesfor Havahnn or Callao. The captain having died shortly afterher departure, the first mate in command of the vessel took her to 3Ianilla for the purpose of procuring another officer to take his place. On anchoring at Cavit it would appear the xaat 'had alarmed the captain of the port about the sanitary consdition of the ship, which prevented free intercourse with her, and as, besides the captain, one of thb'coolies'laid died; the prejudioes of the Chinese were offended at the mode icu which the burial was about to be conducted, or at- some other unexplained reatment of the dead bodies. But the only explanation accorded to them was the mate'slifting 9 revolver and shooting down one or more of their numh6r, tIe zest beng driven without difficulty below, and -m&de secure ander hatches, withont any precaution, or aMppe xently any thoeg about -rentilation The mate thereafter attended the. captaie's funeral and Ent the day. on shore, and it was not until after midhit that the agents of.the ship; 'who muay tlj then havbL unaware how the matter stood, took alarm, and insisted that the mate shclr. then ascertain the state of liis humau freight; - ind so, at 2 o'clock next morning, 12 hours after the hateheshad been puton, they w-ere emoved to discovec that251 of the eoolies were lifeless corpses. Forty-five mora Wereimisaingileavingonlyl.46of whom several arenothikely to snive. The mate and crew have been imprisoned by thei.panishauthoritiev, andit issaida- tatt'e gUnie Statte Coasuldeclinesto take any cogniance'of th1ematter'. Othei coolie shipss have urecetly left China ader eirciAmspc that afford ground for apprehension theymay . -tow-% pletetheir vtgeshwithoitsdis3ser I s et h chhasn6thitheobeen treatd ve.deai weruaymentiont1hatthe Governor eLt o 1nise two Prhqee sijecbchagedidiibntg Chainece girlL chiefly aw'>ngp; fo ta i,ps
TILE -?A.DE OF 1855. . . - The following ii fronk-jlr. .Yilliaam Colvin, of Glasgow, Onl TItON. The past year has>been another of undoubted prosperity In thin imiportant branch of our national industry. ; "During t'te I2imonths wve have experienced conasiderable fluctuation in the value of pig iron, the price having varied froni 54s. toS;". 6d. per ton-the average for that period being 7W. Gd. for mixed numbers, cash. :"Ll"-ouhout Januasy the mnarket was remarkably steady at G6s. to (ns.; but in February, owing to politicalAdifflculties and a general wvant of confidence in the admninistration o6f affairs in the East, the pr ice gave way by the end of that montth to 54s. On the 2d of atrch$ the announcementof the death of the Czar and consequentanticipations of peace created a better feeling, and by the 5th of that month 63s. to Gs. was realized. - "From that. date the price showed little chiange until the ;eginuiing of Mray, when the reduction in the rate of discount by the Bank of Englmd to 4 per cent., the heavy constunmption for war matiCrI, and the closing of several f Bear' accounts, completely reiived confidence in the trade, the price steadily advancing, with little fluctuation, till the niiddle of September, when it touched M3s. Gd. cash. The state of the nmoney-mnarket and rapid advance in the ?-a,c of discoiut at t}is time, notwithstanding the healthy =oeition of the trade, entirely checked speculation, and caused judicious. holders quietly to realize. The course of the market has since, with slight interruption, been iradually downvw ards, vith a limited amount of business douig. There his Istely, however, been rather more disposition to icontract for 'spring' and 'open delivery` at 6d. to Is. per ton above cash prices. "To-day the market closes with little . animnation at 703s. cash for miixed numbers,with buyers at 74s.6d. All No. 1 g.m.b. may lbe quoted 76s. Gd. ;Nlo. 3, 74s. ; No. 1, American brands, 7Ts. to 7Ss., cash against bill of Lading. - " The slipments have faUen short of Last year's by about 40,000 tors; the local consumption, however, has considerablyincreased, and, notwithshtnding that ironfromStaffordishire and the Clevelaud district has Largely supplanted the demand for Scotch at Newvcastle and in the Lancashiro inud Yorkshire markets, the stock has declined about'30,000 -tous. "There are at present 121 furnaces in blast, and, should prices be maintained, we may expect during next year a 4lighit addition to our production. lt15i L L. 1. IlSS. 185'1. 1850 Our ship'ments to the Uuted States hare ben .. .. .. 57.20 115.B0 151.300 I00, 80o.oo0 57.500 BstL'b North Amnerica ,00 33,200 25,400 1:.S00 22400 i0.000 tce .. .. .e,sea s:o0 29.000 13,M00 10,600 15500 " In manufactured iron the price began to give way inUlanuary, and continued to decline till lay, when bars were .quoted 7V. 5s. to 8t.; the demand then considerably revived, and the price gradually stiffened to 9L 10s. to 10l. 'in October, from vwich point there has been a reduction of about l0s. per ton. To-day's quotations are-commonbars, Vt. to 91. lVs.; plates, 10L. 15. ; rods, 101.; hoops, lit less 4 per cent. discount for cash; rails, 8t. 10s. to 91. net. "The growing importance of our local shipbuilding trade may be estimated from the fact that a greater amount of tonnage has been built and launchedTfrom our yards in this thaninany previous year. - " Launched in 1855, 107 vessels of 81,750 tons, and at present in stocks 57 vessels of 37,850 tons; launched in 1854, 129 vessels of 7 0,530 tons, and building the 31st of Decentjber, 1854, 54 vessels of 47,390 tons; launched in 1853, 79 vesselsof 54,750 tons, and building th'elstof December, -1853, 97 vessels of 61,201) tons. - "I beg to cal your attention to the- subjoined comparative table of the state of the trade at this period for the last 10 years:- CoJSnwUorrvx STArnumrr. Mlessrs. Abram Gartside and Co. report as follows Teg-arding -WOOL "During the eventful year just closed the vool trade has been cha.acterized by comparative steadiness, and has not e:perienced the .violent fluctuations to .which most other 1.rticIe of commerce have been subject. With the .uncertain feeling produced by war, in addition to dear food and dear money, the leading features have been great caution 'and a desire to avoid distant engagements. The result is -that stocks of wool and manufactured goods are now remarkably light, and the general state of the woollen and -vorsted trades is in an undeniably sound po-ition. Our exports of the bulk of manufactured wooUens have declined 18 per cent. in comparison with 1854, but an increase in .yarns reduces the deficit nearly one-third. Some branches also of the home trade have been depressed and unprofitable during part of this period, but, on the whole, this departmxent o industry has been better sustained than might have been expected, and any diminution has been more than compe-sated by the immense demand for army clothing which has absorbed large quantities of middle and low hnds of wooL Continental States also have had an :additional consumption for a sinilar purpose, and have lirgely -encreasidtheir purchaesof foreigniand Britih wool, in our own country, besides interceptingF part of our usual supplies from the pdaces or growth abroadi" * The annexed from miestrs. trlair, Greentsow, anmd Irving is on * IJM HESTER IdA UFACUES. " Considering the continuance of so many adverse in'dai-ncaes im active operation incidental to the wvar, the continued dearness of money, and the high price of provisions, ith their neces>sary concomitants, the present position of this mark-et cannot but be reggarded as remarkable, and as affording conclusive testimony in favour of the soundness of business transactions connected with it in a general way. -We have arrived at the close of the year with an absence of -stocks of the general and staple productions of the district scarcely surpassed bythat of periods of admitted activityand -succe;sful enterprise. Not only are stocks such as has been stated, but the great bulk of manufacturers and spinners are -undercontracts for some time to come. Whether or no the -operations of the closing year may have been generally prosperous to merchants we cannot tell; but, as regards the producing interests of this district, we not only fear that -they have not been so, but, on the contrary, we believe that in a general w-ay the result has been directly opposite. 'Be these as they may, the state of matters now here is as we have represented them, no general distrust or apprehenzion of any moment having arisen, and, althouoh some failures have taken place recently, yet they occasloned no uneasiness for the general safety, nor were they collectively Calculated to do so:- It -is to the care; vigilance, and precaution of all paries engaged in-business, and to its consequent soundness, that we can-refer to and ascribe the condition, not only of this market, but to that of almost every ;nanufacturnag locality in the unnited kIdngdom." _The adv3ntag,es conferred upon the productions of ndia by the war ar e illustrated in-the suabjoined reve by IlIessrs. Edwards and Eastly of the tade An LIMVEEiD. "In presenting oar annual ciwcur, we beg to call your attention to the complete revolution effected in our trade by fE qrunhappily stl otnm7betwveen this country n 11uoniA. The range of prices and sources of- supply are alo ,ether different from former years; and the latter consequence of the wAaris a subject for ereatcongratulation, and mnore than reconciles us to the loss of Russian produce, inasmnuch as t so materially benefts our own East lndian dependencies. When we last wfrote the Southern Russian ports were still unnbockaded, and wth respect thereto, as linseed is one of the prncipal artcles of exot, the effect upon her trade in those proices c y be sid, unil very lately, to have been materially affected; for they were enabled to diispose of all their crop-of -1854. Now, howAever, the actualblockademustbeverydetrimental to it; and, as Ae has nofriendlr neutral terrtory next her frontier in those districtw, across which to smu"'Te her produce, the effect upon hercommercemust, indeec emostseriouslyfelt, -The advantage to India would be even-nowconsiderably greater, were it not for the unsettled state of polties, for doubt always paralyzes trade, and both crushes and mer-ahants are deterred from sendin- out orders while these rucficrumoursareafloat. It is tobehoped, immediately -on the assembling- of Parliament, we may. have a full and Lonest statement of the actual conditions; entertained, so that merchants may have the opportunity of exercisin- their own judgmnent, and not be left inu a state of idle pespiexity -by fhe stck-jiobbing rumoulrs daily propagat'ed to the great prejuiice of legitimate business. Linseed into this pori. exhibits a large increase, but the -~eon either here, or7into IEverpool, would, be very delnaivr, unless considered with reference.-to the existing state of things. Th bulk beina now from the Eastlndies,and -theships inthat trade, chiefly larg sels carring mixed cargoes, these two places get neay alLthsiynport. The totil Esploflinseedinttheunited dom againsho -afiliDg olof about 100,O0Mquarters, as compared with last year, and is 300,000 quarters lessthainthe sepplyof 1853. The re-export has been unprecedentedly large, Iimountingto nearly 130,000 quarters. 'lithertowelhave taken BlackSea seed as the standard of price, but the altered circumstances-of the times induce us this year to quote Calcutta. oWehd a dull market at 70s. when our lst annual circular was issed; witldn a few days afterwards, the announcement of- the desire of Rnsaiato iake peace caused qcite a panic, which continued doing, Jarim , and hardly a transaction was-entered into until we lad led down to about 63g., which waa some six weeks ~ubLequently. 2ar( in 3archx the siin jir of the C=ixs deat h reach u3; and thi, copled w the opening pst' eccaeuueences at Viernna, induced- eyer one to work out-I of stock, tllatafailto 58.. took rlae. 3 April some of; iJxe Greek houses, receiin reliah.o.infonnaifon of the5atis f progressof the negetiaioes,--oldlargely -of -Black -cas seed {for until nowr no blochade. had been establi3hedif tbe Southernm DTssian ports) at 56s.,Tih wasthet owedt price tWnched durng- theber. A£ the end of Ahis month the coinferences were broken up, and with 4?!y excited markets we quiely rovered .on The ,spot, and 2s. to 3s. per quarter more money mas paying for meed to arrive. A slight reaction followed, but the rise was too well grounded to be easily checked, and a further advancea of 2s. to 3s. was established and maintained up to end of June. In July the natural anxiety as to future supply kept the mnarket in a feverish state, and a large export inquiry for secd, coupled with a good trade for cake, and a speculative rise in oil of-21. to 31. per ton, enabled holder3 to establish a further rise of Gs. to 7s. per quarter, and :.bout 75s. was a current price from then until end of October. In ovember, an, aunuated -demand for cakes, and further speculative rise in oil, increased the value to 80s. (as high as 84s. was paid for _Bombay on ariTval), since which the pacific rtunours afloat have rendered our maket very unsettled, and 75s. was again accepted at beginning of last nmonth. To-daythe marketisquiet, butfiunnat 76s. "The future course of prices naturally enough depncds on the duration of the war, but there is no doubt the present high rates are causing the development of resources in our East Indian possessiors, which the most sanguine had not expected within so short aperiod. Alramdydowereceive nearly as much fronm th6re alone as the total nnport of some years since, and, should,we have a protracted war, the larger cultivation and increasing facilities of transport in India will render us w hoUy independent of Russia, and, while adverse to her, add grcatly to the prosperity of our own dependencies. Our clhief concern, however, is writh the present season, the perp)lexing uncertainty regarding the extent to which pacific proposals have been considered rendering it altogether out of the question to speak of another year. We .anticipate a wvorking deficiency (irrespective of the short stocks in the mills of nearly 400,000 quarters for home and continentaluse, as compared twith last season. Another element mtust beo considered also in reference to the same subject, and that is the prospect of supplies for use early in the biutumtne of 1the. Should torso of peace he even immediately arranged, alutough they would miduce every one to pork quite out of stock, they would brig him bat a very lttle inreased supply of seed for next season." Messrs. W. S. Lindsay and Co. report on FREIGHiTS. "In taking a brief review of the shipping trade of the past year, we find far less fluctuation in freights than might have been expected during a period of war. There has been in fact much less fluctulation, and a snore steady demand for vessels than we havefound in years of peace. Trade, it is true, has been more limited, and tonnage has been ample to meet its requirements. Freights, consequently, have soled much lower than they did in 1853, and especially in 1854. " Looking at the average rates of frecight during the past year, and considering the greatly enhanced price of provision and isicreased rate of wages, the year just ended has been, w-ith some exceptions, a far less remunerative one to shipovners than has been generaUy supposed. The exegptious have been those owners of large vessels who held engagements in the Transport Service, more particularly owners of steamships. " At the commencement of last year every trade was drailed, to thp serious derangement, in some cascs, of the postal service, to secure vessels propeUed by steam, and the rates of hire rose from 35s. to 4X pergross register ton per month to 55g., 60s., and 623. 6d. per ton. This gave an enormous impetus to the constraction of steam ships. In our last annual circular we ventured to warn our correspondents of the reaction which was sure to take place in that descriptionofproperty. Wethensaid, 'it was falacious to suppose the same demand would continue, even while the war lasted.' It was clear to us that the number of vessels under engagement to the Governmuent were fargreater than even the requirements of the most active prosecution of the war could demand, and that when some well regulated system was adopted, fewer vessels would suffice. A better sytem has, to some extent, been happily adopted. Fewer ships are now foud to be necessary, and large numbers of steam and sailing vessels, iore particularly the latter, have been discharged from the T'ransport Service, and the rates of steamers have fallen to 40s and 42s. 6d rper register ton per month, at which many are offering freely. The surplus of these are now finding their way (and to the advantage of all concerned) into trades formerly carried on bysailingvessels. Should thewar, however,continue, of which there is every appearance, and be prosecuted with adegree of vinour equal to what the country expects, an additioni numier of transports may require to be added to the present reducedllist,not merely for service in the Blaek Sea, but also in the Baltic, and in such case some slight advance in ratesrmay then takepLace. "The new law of tonnage adameasurement, which came into operation on the 1st of MIay last, ap,pears to have fully realized the anticipations of all who were favourable to its introduction. "Tho number of iron vessels owned in this country -U now very great, and they are rapidly on the increase; on the Cydest is arare slght to seea ship being built of w.ood;* on the Tyne almost Hthore are built of iron;* the Lierpool slipbuildes are also tuening their attention to a large extent to the construction of iron ships; and even at Sunderland, were they have been so long accustomed to wooden vessels, some of the leading buildersare likewvisediroctinz eir attentio to ron. The application of the smaa b auxlitary -me et , affeted tlel and its great value proved, many vessels areobeing fitted with it, and there appears little dobt but that before many years the principal trare.btween this coumtryand Australia, and orgtrade wth India and Chin, will be carried on in ve1ssls of that description. " Taking a gl1ance at the state of our carrying trade, we find a large increase in the number of vessels engaged in the conveyance of nrce from India. The high price of grain has tended to encourage, to a great extent, the cultivation of rice in the provinces on the east coast of the Bay of Bental, and the amount of tonnage absorbed in the trade from these ports hns, to some extent, affected the rates of freight from otecr inan ports, which have been well maintained throughout the year. "Freightsdto Australia have ruled much the same as in lS;-low and inremunerative. With th Wlest Indies there has been an ineasng trade, arsing wmainly from the larger crops of sugar at Donmerara and the principal islandsr An inereased amount of tonnage has ben engaged in the trade guarne, from theug w though the ppersmahoaeet coast of South America, lo tre ratesat tinuprt at present thence is for ships to "In the bedeterraneanl trade, the outward freights especially from the east coase, have latterly improved, and a considerable amount of tonnage is stil wanted for the conveyance ofcoaland iron. Alare business is also being one with Turkeyand the Crimea, in which a numaber ot steam vessels both from London and Liverpool are at present employed. Return cargoes, consistinj principally of grain, are scarce, and, though ships are offerine at low rates on this side, shippers can generally procure Them at still lowe3r rates at the port of loading. Very fewv engagements have therefore been entered into. " The Canadian timber trade last year witnessed a very remar able falling oft as compared with the year 184 Nothmeg has yet been done i. anticipation of the anets of the teconinotf season, but freights are likely to rule hioher than they diod lst year, with an iMNreased amount of aasi- " Doria" the first si£ months of the past year American shpownentwhoeare becomng our most formidable opponents i the peaceful race for maritime supremacy) hadgreat diclty navigating their vessels at remunertive rates;y and had the war in which we are entsged not offered emphoyincnt to some of their vessels of thie largest class, many wpold have been compelled to lay up for a time. the large crops however, of cotton .and of grain have improved their prospects, though not to the estent as was at one time anticipated Abot four months ago freights rose rpidly, both from rew York- and hew Orleans. This natonally attrcted a large sufpley of shipping to those ports, and by last advices thence, the freights are considerably lower, but still at reuncrative rstes, and these are ikelay to be maintained. In exports to the lynited States there is sti a very limited business, and the shipmcnts of iron are smal compared to previous years." Wnd ltessrs. aunry and Co., of iveSpool, give the particulars of the transactions ils "Our statistics of the past year's business in the sale of s ps, whie it shows a less result than that of 1854, must stabe regadednas highly s.^tifactry-making duAe allowvancefornthe general nterrnption most branches of commerce have suffered from the war, -the increased price of smoneye o g;rand, though tthe demandfr athe trpor tinued, it has been chuefly confined to steamshius, o tohe neglect of saiing vessels, except in cases of direct charters to convey stores to Constantinople and the Black Sea pe stated last January 'that from Septembe: to the middle has con~ed without anyconsideale, ineshupo Ie t int atlittlhanomaloues that the imismeerablred imdproem t in prnces tookplace betwen September and December, during which ine the te of discout advanced from 4 to iAwper cent. As if tocompensate for some dis^radvantages,cirium- stancs wof gsrea eeftt tesipuleradshp e have arisen, which havow e contributedinn ald to produce the result we have here to record. When the measure of admitting foreign ships to British registration free on dtywas eforethe country,it met with thestrongest opposi on from parties who uaged that we should be inundated with tonnage n ron the innumerable build stations which, comm^itngitosCoompetietio wtheBit~ a>ndolonial shups, woulldeeriously cripple, if not whollydestroy, our building trade. }How far this fearw3s well founded four years' experience of the working of the act of 1851 will aniswer. Of the few American ships that have at times been placed noAon this market, most have been withdrawn for prices itwas impossible to- obtain, and under which limits the owiners could not afford to sell them, and in every case considerably above those of our best plantation ships, With the Baltic even les3 busines has been done. - c hvha several commissions. fro-m-EBroemen, Lubec, &C, n,nt withstanding9 these shiPs have miuch to recmmendathema both as to model -and material, yet the prices looked for remove -aW fear of competitio fronl this quarter. Thbese facts tell what the repealof thile naviigation laws has niot done. We now desire to explain what the new Na-vigation Act has done. Following the policy ofE this country, .the,united kingdTom of Sweden and Noxrwayf has removedt eniey,teduty uporn British and plantationi ships purchae for their pnsket, and the merchants of these coun'tries finding they eanipurobaze, cheaperhere than-elsewhere, biveecome our- '+aluahle and -ies,pceest e-The -amount'of tonaage-,we have sold-this year for Scandinavian -account is very considerable, and nothing cas -be mor-e satisfactory-than-our transactions in this -new market.~ ~We have also to.direct attention to6 a recent act (Octbber) oti the ,French Goveinment, admittinig, fora limited period, British and i6l-oiial ships to Frenc'h ownes' at ani ad valos-em duty of lOer cent., and which'privilege our nieighbouzrs have avacie tesles of to some extent. Contemporaneously, with thisboon, we have to direct.:you to the facilities now ofl"ered for clkasfcation. in . the Bureau'Veritas, or French Lloyd's, 'that society having formed a branch here and appointed a resident strveyor for the port.- .!'tfie oiah'iL that have changdhands inthe year is Al, qul o 776futof ,iiiM3=,8O000 tons in Liverpool anad been registered, or are in course of registiation, is 102, equal to 70,911 tons, against 123=128,994 in 1854; showing a decrease of 21 ships, br 58,083 tons on the return of last year, and making the average of each vessel 6S5 tons., j"T he number of British ships sold to foreigners is 51, eqqualto17,387against 20=9,462 tons in 854, s owving an increase of 31 ships, or 7,925 tons. ! ¢ The number of ships built and launched here the past year is 40, equal to 14,474 tons, of which 17 are wood, equal .to 2,614 tons ; and 23 are iron, equal to 11,860, built for the ,nostpart to order. Of British secondhand sliips very few have appeared on tlho market, although there has been a lrular and constant inquiry for them, and in every case of e excellent prices have been obtained for such asbave had a few years of unexpired A class;. those from 500 to 700 tons have been in the greatest demand. r There is also abundant inquiry for small coasting vessels, from 80. to 206 tons, adapte for taking the ground, and that vill shift v,ithout ballast. ' " There isanot much alteration in the prices of British. built ships, from last year. Tyne-built 13 years A l class, with Blte outfit, and not coppered, can be purchased at from 10!. to 17!. per ton; Cumberland-built, of same class, from 191. to 22!. Inferior class in like propo-tion. " Screw-steamers of all sizes, being in good working order, are much in demand, and but few otferhig. " From the United States the returns show an extraordinary decrease compared with that of 1854; the compiler in New York accompanies tlheta with this remark -.I The past has been a year o7depression unexampled wvithin a generation in the shipyards. It is evident little will be done on speculation. The ships building now are for some specifil and ascertained purpose.' Including sailinig and steamvessels, the returns is 1855 are 37 29,867 tons, against 108=81,390 in 1854. On the stocks at closo 17=21,720, against 16=20,033 in 1854. " The total number of ships in course of construction in our North American colonies, and Nwhich may. be looked for inall thisyear,,is as under (not including coasters, of which there is a considerable number expected from Prince Edward Island, Pictou, &c.):-At Quebec,17=17,850 tons; St. John's, 19=20,600; Mirainichi, Restigouche, &-c., 14=11,100 -maldng a total of 50 large ships, equal to 49,550 tonis. "The return of ships in the employmeint of our Government up to the 1st of August, includinig stcam iand sailing vessels, is 208, equal to 207,389 tons. "We believe the prospects for the year are good, and that prices may become more remunerative to the bnilders, especral5 for those of from 700 to 1,000 ton, Bwhich at all tmes sell better and snore quickly than overgrown ships of from 1,400 to 2'000 tons, which cannot hold their fastenin"s when staggering under a w eight of cargo that would srl try the best hardwrood ship that can be built." Messrs. Colin Campbell and Son state as follows with regard to* COTTON. " Subsequently, owing to the low state of the tributary streasns of the Mississippi, supplies of cotton were more likely than ever to be very much retarded, and therefore the dread of teniporary scarcity again induced extensive transactions on the part of the trade, as of speculators and exporters, and the demand continued so unprecedentedly buoyant that from the first week in May to the end of the first-week in June 737,000 bales were disposed of. Then it was that this market reached its climax, and middling Orleans wvas cluotedat 6Qd. per lb. A decline of fully ld. per lb. has since occurred; yet, wvhile the stock has for many weeks past been rapidly declining, and vwas reduced on the 21st of this month, previous to the numerous arrivals, to 133,800 bales of American, yet the demand has contiued to bo freelysupplied, and spinners have shown no inclinsation to purchase beyond their requirenients for inunediate consumption. In tlle midst, however, of many_ dis- all. circumstances the consumption of cotton has largly increaed during the present year, a1 it is still more extraordinary that the stocks of goods and yarn should be comparatively light, after so large a production, and, as it is alleged, so unprofitable a trade. It is true, with so reduced a stock of the raw material both in this conntry and on the continent of Europe, that very largo supplies will be required for the consumption of the world, yet, happily, the prospects in America for an abundant crop are very encoura_png. and it is more than probable that she 'Rill have the distribution of 3,400,000 to 3,500,000 bales: But, while from the Brazils and Egypt there will probably be about an average quantity, it is too much to auticipats that India will be so bountiful as of late to this country, as large shipments of Surat have already been diverted from Bombay to China; but much, however, will depend upon the rates obtainable here. " The tabular statements show that the import of cotton into Great Britain amounts, during the present year, to %277,310 bales, being 104,717 bales more -than that of last year. There has been a decrease from the United States of America of 41,816 bales, and from the West indiau islands 1,544 bales, while from the Brazils there lias been an increase of 27,491 bales, from Egypt of 32,743 bales, and from India of 87,843 bales. The average annual importations from all quarters during the last seven years aounont to 2,089,836 bales, being 197,474 bales less than those of the present year. The best means practicable have been resorted to for the purpose of ascertaining the actual stocks now remainng at the different ports of Great Britain, andtheresult sLoWs that they amount to 486,470 bales, being 139,980 hales lessthan atthe corresponding period of last year. Thestochiaha tlehands of consumersareunueu ally light, and on the suppositionthat theynowholdratherlessthantlieythendid wemake the consumption of the year to amount to 2,100,390 bales, against 1,947,.S93 bales, as reported in our annual circular on the 30th of December last. The average weekly cons umptwn of the present year will therefore be 40,392 bales, consisting of 30,434 American, 2,197 Brazil, 2,437 Egyptian, West India, &c., and 5,324 East India. The weekly con. sumption of 1854 was 37,460 bales, consistin^ of 29, 340 American, 1,929 Brazil, 2,182 Egyptian, West Lndia, &c and 4,003 EastIndia. Supposing, then, that the consumption and export should contmnue at tlle same proportionate rate that it has done during the last 12 months, the stock of all descriptions would barely suffice for Uv weeks. The American crop of 1S64-55, or, rather, the receipts into the ports, fell short of the previons year, olving to the low state of the rivers, 82,038 bales, and the shipments to Great Britain have been 54,034 bales less, and to the north of Europe 20,903 bales less than during thlie previous season. The quantity consumed in Akmerica wmas, according to the official documents, 593,584 bales, against 010,571 bales in "At the commencement of the year the commercial prospects of this country were regarded on the whole as tolerably satisfactory, because prices of cotton were moderate, the then quotation for middling Orleans being 5d. per lb., and money was abundant for all legitnnate purposes. Until the first week in Febraary, in consequence of the prevalence of easterly winds, tne supplies of cotton into this port were so unusually limited, for the season of the ear that the stock was very much reduced; but, as are arrivals 'were immediately expected, prices were not susceptible of an advance of' more than Id. per lb. On the 23d of February the stock of American desriptions of cotton had dwindled down to 145,000 bales; but even then, as a change of wind was antidcipted and large anivals v.ere looked for, no advance was realized In the week, however, termmiating on the 2d of March, numerous arrivals came forwtard fom all quarters,-i and the import amounted to 126,520 bales On the following day thle news reached this country of the sudden decease of the Emperor Nicholas, which at the time gave rise to the belief that peace would soon be restored. On the strength of such an expectation the demand for cotton became unusually excited, Iand for many successive weeks large sales were made, at radualYadvancing prices, to all denominations of buyers." The annexed is from Mr. H. m. Davis, on TOBACCO. "Lessened productions and reduced stocks of United States'growth had placed tobacco in an unusualyfavourable position at the opening of the year 1855, and consequently a good range of prices was justifiable in aU markets, and in conformity they continued to strengthen until about July when, an abundant yield being apparent, a retrograde movement wasexperiencedin somemarkets, while others, with fewr exceftaoie became similarly affected at a later peod. e distribution of the Maryland and Ohio crops cannot yet be correctly given, as the statements are not made up till the 1st of January, but by the latest dates the inspections were 37,195 hhds.-tle - ports 34,405 hogaheads, leavingthe stock 7,063 ho eheads. Th a9regate export for the year ended the 5th of September last was about 12,000 hogsheads snore than during the former year, yet the stock in Europe is less than at this period lasl year, which is explained by the excess alluded to, havinggmone direct to Francee and other Regies, whlnere the stocks are considered in second hands, and consequently not recorded, and by the falling offin the shipments to the northl oDf EuroPe. The stock- in Europe is 10,163 hogaheads less than last year, and 34,2083 hogsheads upon theaigvoehrage, and tsdecienry la?-riPailyus foreign ports. At the close of the season of 154 the European anc American stocks were 05,000 hogsheads, the crops were estimated at 100,000 hogaheads, giving a supply of 255,000 hogsheads to meet the consumnption of 1I5,00 hogshesds; and it was thenL tateld that the stocks in Europe and America would be 25,000 hogsheads les3 this season than at tle corresponding one of the former year. The result shows thi culation tbav been narly correct. Upon the same basis a prospective view may be taken for the presenr year-the stocks in Euro;c and America at the close of the past season were 70,000 hhds., and the crops are estinmated at 195,000 hlsds., making together26s,000 bhds., and, taking the cnsunmption at the standard above referred to, the stocks at the same period in 1S57, althou^-h augmenteA wiU s-til be below those of 18M55, and hence it appears theposition of the article cannot be materially jeopardled until the production of another large crop or by the anticipation of it. That the prices obtained bv the planters pill r,ove, strong i ncentive to extend the cultivation this yea`th`ere can exist no doubt, and upon . the . extent and -success of those endeavours wil depend the conrse of markets at a later perioL Tne high price obtained for other growvths in consequence of the elevated range for North Arerican also offer s a.stniulus to incretsed production." Messrs. T. J. an d T. Powell and Co. farnish the followig, with regpard t v RIDES AND IEATHE R. - "In reviewing the state of our trade during the past year the most prominent feature is the large demand3 caused by the war in which our country is now engaged, and for the supply of which the v alue is consequentl- enhanced. High,. however, as are now the price .1 t-his i rtant mnateria of the implemnents' of war, they are fir bel w those-of previous wazs; and, upon the whole, we may congratulate the hide and leather merchants and manufacturers on a generally advantageous year. If the profits of the year have not been excessive, theyliave been unmixed with extensive losses. Prices have throughout the year tended upwards. In many cases the advance has been onsmiderable-in the raw material certainly to an exoers- yet, a thematiufachtured artticflOers arestillrsing; and as the reduced, remunerative prices may be expected-.:: Messrs. Ohurchilland Sin give the annexed state- msentwinthregard to -., , - - .- '' "Thewood tridoof theyea Br1855 bears evidence of the ciange from peace t w iaAr. F r fiveydars there was a grmw ' ug increase in the trade. said -- 1854 the buportat ^ 'sa much exceeded the a at steel was collected in London, in Liverpool, and at all the great ports. The wholo had been costlyattheportsof shipment, s encumbered with extremely high rates of freiht, and the value had so far declned that much of the co'onial wood was orly worth the freight and charges and several branches of the foreign supply were in the same state. To realize this acemulation would seem to be tho work of a year in the ordinary courso of business ; but low prices conducing to rapid sale, foUowed by the extraordinary demand for materials in barrack construction, swept ofr colonial spruce, common Baltic deals, and cheap fir and pinIe timber. ' No imnpression could be inade on the great stock of colonial wood in London sufficiently early to oen the door to the customary impontation but the arrears of foreign wood were so far consumed as to prepare the trade for the import in due season. The foreign supply has been 10 per cent. under the averagc of three preceding years, though in excess of 18SM; w}ule the want of Russiantrade is met by ar addition almost euidvalent from Sweden and Prussia. The supply from British America in 1855 was 65 per cent. less, or one third that of 1854, and half the three years' average. The total wood importation of London shows a deficiency of 20 per cent., compared with three years' average, and nearly the same in respect to 18354 so that there is tho same rateable abatement' for London as for tho united kingdom, and the usual fourth part of the wood trade devolved on this port. WVe do not traco any importation through Prussia of those articles of wood which, in ih.ape or quility, used to he imported from Riga. Through Sweden SLX p or seven cargoes of regular Einland deals have been conveyed to this market, boearing the undoubted stamnp of UJIeahorg in quality and convcrsion. Having taken a cursory view of the various -*branches of the wood trade in the year just pascsed, it only' remains to look to the future. Much has to be done to assuro the sufferers-by the reverses of 1 and 1855-that in our trade with British America there is hope of revival. It cannot be expected, since our consumption has been so lfarge with low-and to sellers and producers ruinous,* prices, that wesvhallproceed in the same ratio with prices raised 10 to 20 pecr cent., and we think it niay be assumed thaLt thc freightage of wood will be higher in the p resent than the past year. To limit the supply from British Ameica' is therefore most importantnot to be buoyed up with the prospect of higli prices, and base the operations of lumbenng thereoii-but only to look to this country as a large consumer when tlhe price of wood is low-regardig distant operations as involved in obscuxity during war-of which our experience has yet to be learned in tho effect it will lhve on the circulation of money, and through it on our consuming powers. Much has to be done also in the foreign trade, in the realization of large stocks here, before it wviU be safe to decide on the next importation." And Air. H. Waithman reports as follows upon SILK "On reviewing the progress of the silk trade during the past year, it is very satisfactory to observe that the eVil induences of war and increased taxation have scareely been felt in it, and that, although latterly we have also had to contend with increased pressure in the money-market, the decline in prices has been very inmmaterial"
MILITARY RDUCATIOK. TO THE EDITORP OF TEE TBTMS Sir,-Allow me to correct a clerical error of some importance which has occurred in my letter on Military Education which you published on the 1st inst. In the Duke of Wellington's memorandur of 1829 the description given by his Grace of the British officer of that day runs thus .- "Indeed, we carry this principle of the gentleman and the absence of intercourse -with those under his command so far that, in my opinion, the duty of a subaltern officer, as done in a foreign army, is not done at all in the cavalry or the British infantry of the Line. It is done in the Guards by the sergeants." In the quotation, as it appeared in my letter of the 1st the words in italics were accidentally omitted by me; being out of town, I had, as you klolw, no opportunity of correcting the proof and did not discover the omission till I saw my letter in your columns. In a subsequent paragraph the Duke thus de. scribes what the foreign subaltern and what the sergeants of oar Guards do for their men,-what is not done at all, according to his Grace, by anybody for the youths who enlist in our cavalry and infanti-y of the Line.- " The namne, the character, the conduct, the family and relations, the fortune, the situation, the mental acquire. ments of his men are the sole thoughts of the Prussian subaltern, who carries into execation the discipline of the company to which he belongs, vwith the men of which he lives as companion, friend, and adviser." I am, Sir, your obedient servant. JACOB OMNML
REFORM IN BANKRUPTCY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. -Sir,-As the father of the legal profession in this district, and probably one of the oldest legal practitioners in the kingdom, I hope you will allow me to ask, through the medium of T7he Times, whether any practical improvement is ever to be derived from the researches of the Bankruptcy Inquiry Commission. Any one who has looked through the elaborate report issued by the commissioners two years ago, and especially the portion containing the evidence of the conimercial and professional witnesses, can perceive whlere the principal errors exist, and where the work of amendment is most required. Almost every vwitness denounces the trouble, the delay, and the expense necessarily incurred from the present system, but especially the expense. It appears that the outlay for Government officers only (exclusive of official assignees) is about 901. per case, being 90,000!. a-year on about 1,000 bankruptcies. This monstrous sum is expended in the maintenance of offices which the falling off of business has nearly reduced to sinecures. There are twvo reglstrars, for instanice, attached to the Court at Birmingham who do the work of one, as each makes holyday on the days wvhen the other attends. Then we have an excellent commissioner, who only finds it necessary to be in Birmingham, afew hoursabout once, or, at the most, twice a-week, for the purpose chiefly of granting certificates. It is not my intention to trouble you w-ith details, but I believe other items of the outgoings from bankrupt's estates will be found on investigation proportionally excessive and productive of a proportionally inadequate return. We have here four official assignees, where there is scarcely sufficient work for two, with messengers, brokers, and ushers to nmatch. The professional expenses are on a corresponding scale of magnilicence. I understand there is a case now in the court in which upwards of 9,000!. has already been paid to the solicitor, and in which an accountant was paid more than 1,0001. for the balance-sheet and about 250l. more for sundry other services. Outgoings such as these have naturaUy made a most material reduction in the business of the court. When these courts were first established it was confidently stated that they would not only pay their own expenses, but leave a considerable surplus to be paid to the Government; at all events, that they would be self-supporting. It is true that for several years after their establishment several thousandsa-year, afterpaying the 'working charges, were paid over to the Government. Now, however, fromn these enormous charges and the decrease of business in the courts, the Government is saddled with the expense of upwards of 13,000!. a-year more than it receives to carry on this disgraceful system. In a trading country like this a Court of Bankruptcy ought to be rendered, in point of economy, simplicity, and facility of business, at least as advantageous to the creditors as any other method of winding up the affairs of an insolvent trader; for it is of great importance to the soundness of trade that a bond fide investigation should be made into the career of any defaulter in the world of credit. So far is this from being the case with the bakruptcy courts of this country that creditors find that it is their interest to accept a private composition in the proportion of about nine cases to one bankruptcy, and most of the bankruptcies are smaU whitewashmugaffairs, sought for by the bankrupt himself or his friends. Are not our periodical-commercial panics and the 50,000,000!. a-year.at which some authorities estimate our losses by bad debts in some measure ascribable to this state of things . No doubt, the changes made during the last 20 years have. tended to improve the jadicial functions of the court; but as an administrative court it even faUs short of the local commissions, which it superseded. This is proved by the fact shown in evidence before the inquiring commissioners, that under the old commissions the average dividend on an estate of average assets exceeded a similar dividend under thepresentsystern-byan enormous percentage. Now, since it is only inthe administrativo part of the court that the creditors of a particular e.tate are interested, there is no difficulty in explaining why a partially improved court has ledto a decrease of business and of usefulness. No satisfactory arrangement wil be made until the judicial and the administrative fumctions are carefully distinguisedby the framers of the law. The alteratioxi made by the short act of 1854 in giving back S. of propertyto each banlkrupt is a _urious mode of improving a cort .which was principally objectud to on account of its extravagance.. The provisioi in question will cost the collective estates raoie than 20,0001. a-year. 'This subject is inexhaustible, and I hzve only mentioned a few fact in order to show the defects and the necessity for a refonm in the present system. In any experience of the old commissions 100!. was considered the average expense of working a bankraptcy. At present. I believe at least three times as much is expended, With.whit arnount of advantage either to the creditors or the publiol have yet to learn. Ireiain. Sir. Your obedient aerVant. -, ~ - ! 2J. W. UNETT. l - : t IIJ: Y-' * /, . ', \An Attorney ancd Solicitor of more tbi&t. _ *~~~~~ : ' \ - - ! 60 Ycea& Pr. ctice, '.iI I)nl m Jau. 2. -
TIlE ABMY IN THE CRBaEA. GENERAL ORDIThlU ! ead-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 11, 1856. ' A- l requisitions fortransport made to thbe DirectorGeneral sbhould ho senltto the office oftbeAsist-aDirectorGeneral of Transport before 2 p.m. the day previous, replies to these requisitions being then obtained by those who sna-e them. The Cornmissariat is authorized to issue 4cwt. of coals to every officer in com mnd-okfa brigade of the Land Transport Corps7having a forge. ' I - | No. 2. Brevet-Major Brice, 17th Regiment, is appointed Instructor of Musketry to the st Brigade, Second Division, .vice.Captain Kain, -3d Regiment, 'prevented by illness from fulfilling the duties. No. 3. The followiing officers have been. appointed toact as field o£iEcers, and mzay draW field allowance andaforage accordingly from the 18th of November, 1855 :-BrevetMajors Villiers, 47th Regiment; Hunter, 47th; Sarjent, 95th Regiment; Ron. E. Massey, 95th Regimnent; Lo Conteur, Coldstream Guards; Preston, 44th Regiment; the Ron. H. Keane, Royal Engineers; Ewart, RoyalEngineers; Gordon, Royal Engineers; Montaeue, Royal Engineers; Deshon, 48th Regiment; Cooke, Royal Engineers; lN'Icholson, Royal Engineers; Rankin, Royal Engineers; laynard, 88th Regiment; Steaveus, 55th Regient; Fraser, Scots Fusileer Guards. No.4. Leave of absence is granted., at the recommendation of medical boards, to Captain W. Barnard, Aide-deCamp, Grenadier Guards, and Lieutenant F. Griffin, Royal Artillery-to proceed to Malta; on urgent private affairs, to Commissariat Clerk IL Faussett, to the 25th of December, 1855-to proceed to Constantinople; and iAeutenant N. Harris, Royal Artilery, to the 29th of February, 1856. No. 5. The following officers, being in command of companies, may draw field allowance and forage as captains:Lieutenants E. S. Smyth, 28th Regiment, from the 6th of December; W. Stewart, from 6th of December; F. Magenis, 28th Regiment, from 6th of December; Swettenham, 31st Regiment- from 6th of December; J. Moore, 34th Regiment, from 5th of December; Austin, 30th Regiment, from 7th of December. No. 0. The following officers having left borses at the public service, forage may be drawn for them until the 31st of December; 1855:-Brevet-Major Aplin, 28th Regiment, for three horses; Brevet- Major Roberts, 28th Reginent, for two horses; Captain Prevost, 31st Regiment, for one horse; Lieutenant Waldy, 28th Regimaent, for one horse. By order, C. A. WI)DHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 12,1855. No. 1. The regimental promotions and appointmenets, published by authority in the London Gazette of the 23d of November, 185, will take effect in this anny from their respective dates. No.2. The Rev. H. 0. Wrench, Officiating Chaplain to the Forces, will proceed to Ismaid, and do duty with the Hussar Brigade, under the command of Brigadier-.eneial ShewelL No. 3. The Rev. Mr. Wiliams, nilitary chaplain, willbe attached to the Land Transport Corps. No. 4. Until further orders the post-office athead-quarters will close at 8 o'clock a.m. on Tuesdays and Saturdays, and that at Balaklava at 8 oclock p.m. on Mondays andEridays. No. 5. Acting Assistant-Surgeon A. . Marsden is, at his own request, permitted to resign his appointment. No. 6. Captain P. Campbell, hiaving been appointed to the Royal Horse Artillery, will proceed to Woolwich. No. 7. Leave of absence is granted, on medical certificate, to Lieutenant Grffliths, 33d Regiment, to the 15th of January, 1856; to proceed to Scutarion urgent private affairs, to Captain C. Shuttleworth, 08th Regiment, to the 31st of January, 1855; to proceed to Smyrna, Assistant-Surgeon R. Meadows, 9th Regt., to the 31st December, 1855; to proceed to Constantinople, Surgeon B. Anderson, 90th Regiment, to the 15th of Maroh, 186. No. 8. Sergeant Robert Hughes, 63d Regiment, is appointed Deputy-Provoet-Marshal; wvith pay at 4s. 9d. a-dy, rice O'Leary, discharged from this date. By order, C. A. WINfDHAT, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 13, 1855. No. L The following offliers have joined the staff of this army:-The Rev. H. 0. Wrench, Officiating Chaplain, from the 5th of December; Medical Staff-Deputy-Inspector. General of Hrospitals 1, D. Humne, XD., from the 8th of December; Second-Class Staff-Surgeon HL Huish, SD., from the 8th of December; and Civil Surgeon Vaughan Haughes, M.D., from the 8th of December. No. 2. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence to Major Wolfe, 39th Regiment, to 31st of January, 1856; Brevet-Major Green, 30tb Regiment, to 1st of January, 1856; Assistant-Surgeon Popplewen, 13th Reggiment, to 4th of December, 1855; Assistant-Surgeon Cusack, 47th Regiment, until his name appears in the Gazsttc. No.3. The services of the following ivil Assistant-Surgeons, belonging to the Smyrna Hospital, being no longer required in the Crimea, they will proceed to Smyrna.- Civil Assistant-Surgeons L W. Hulke, W. Eddowes, H. Ianke, and J. IL Lakin. Noo.4. Major Shaw, Royal Artillery, having commanded the siege train at the left attack from 24th of September to 16th of October, may draw staff pay and field allowances accordingly. No. 5. Captain H. W. Campbell, 79th Regiment, will act as a field officer. and may draw field rallowance7and forage accordingly, while second in command of his regiment, from this date. No.6. In future a rate of postage of 2d. per quarter ounce will be charged upon all letters sent by officers, non-commissioned officers, and private soldiers, between any of the British hospitals at or near Smyrna or the Dardanelles, and any ports or places in Turlkey or the Black Sea. No. 7. The woollen clothing provided by Government for the non-commissioned officers and men is to be worn, it is essential for their health, is given for the purpose, and officers commanding regiments will be good enough by inquiry and frequent inspectionto see that this excellent and liberal precaution for health is not neglected. No. 8 Leave of absence is granted on urgent private affairs to Lieutenant R. Carr, 39th Regiment, to the 29th of February ; lieutenant BL Currie, 39th Regiment, to the 29th of Febrary; lieutenant J. Blacker, 18th Regiment, to the 29th of February; and in extension to Purveyors Clerks Blackinore, to the 25th of December, 18S, to remain at Scutari. No. 9. The following officers, being in command of companies, may draw field allowance and forage as captains - Lieutenant Wardlaw, 38th Regiment, from the 16th of September, 1855; lieutenant Pocklington, 38th Regiment, from the 20th of October, 1855. No. 10. The following officer having left horses at the publie service, forage may be drawn for them until the 31st of December, 1855 :-Surgeon W. Weld, 47th Regiment, for two horses. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastepol, Dee. 14, 1855. No. L Mior-General Dupuis, C.B:, Boyal Artillery, having recently been promoted, will (with one servant) proceed to England. No. 2. Brevet-Major Maxwell, 34th Regiment, will act as a field officer, and may draw field allowance and forage accordingly from the 18th of November, 1855. No. 3. Captain Gleig, Royal Artillery, having been appointed to take charge of military schools, will proceed to England. No. 4. Lieutenant F. [C. Herbert, r-N., Naval Assistant, Land Transport Corps, is appointed Commandant of Her Majesty's establishment at Sinope. No. 5. Lieutenant Vousden, 21st Regiment, is appointed Acting-Adjutant of his regiment, and may draw the usud allowances accordingly, tice Iieutenant Clerke, 21st Regiment, from the 8th of December, 1855. No. 6. The following appointmentto the Land Transport Corps is made, pending confirmation from home .-To be Cornet,SergemtlB.P. Brooks, 3dBattallonGrenadier Guards. No. 7. The Commander of the Forces has been pleased to sanction the issue of 10 rations of fuel and six rations of light daily to each of the road police stations. I No. S. The folowing non-commissioned offioers are anp-. pointed instructors of musketry until further orders from this date :-1st Brigade, Thirld Division, Sergeants T. Baker, 4th Regiment W. Cole, .14th Regiment ; T. Garnett, 39th Regiment; C. Campbell, 50th R1egiment. 2d Brigade, Third Division :-Lance-Corporal J. Speuce, 18th Begiment; Sergeants G. Colli4 28th Rekimeut; J. Griffiths, 38th Regiment;. W. 3?Wheeney, 44th Regiment, at ls. a-day each. -Wo. 9. Leae of'absunce is granted, at the recommcnda. tion of a medica1 beanl, to Assistant-Surgeon Poulden, 824 Regiment, to proceed to England .; on arrval lhe will report. himself to the djultat-General- Onmedical cerificate to ieftenats B. Williams, 13th Rgment, to the 15th of January_.to proceed to Sctahri; anid, on urgent private. affairs, to Major E. Iegh, S7th Regiment, to the 29th oft February; Brevet D Aror Carthew, loyal tillery, to the 15th of February. , qNo.10. mediclboard will Waemble to inquire into the atate of health of Captain Temple, 31st Regiment. Thc principal medical offcer wibopll etogive the aecessay directions... No. IL Thefollowing officer, being incounaa.d oracodapany, may draw fieLI allowance and foruge e a. Lieutenant J. 0. Travers, 17th Regiment, from the 25th of .Wovember,1855. - I By,orc^er , >T_ C. A. WJNDHA3W, Cbef, of the SUMi Head quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 15, lBa5. No.1L A gonqral court-martial will assenible it; heidquarters, at 13 a.m. on Monday next, thel7th inst., for the trial of suclfprisoners as may be.brong,ht before it, Pras dent,llrigadier-(Goneral Craulford;nmembes-2fieldbifficees, 2captains, and 1 subaltern, First Dinvision; -2 field officers, 2captains, and 1 subaltern, Second Division, and 2 Iild officersand 2 captains, Ilght-Divsilon. DeptyT Judgeo;R& vocate, Mr. W. G. Romaine. 3embers'nnmes and dates'of commissions to be sent to te XeAdjutdnt Gineilrs ofce by 12 o'clock to-morrow. : No. 2. Brevet-Mkajors C.rdenand. Ricknman;7th Biei ment, supernumeraries of their rAnkwith the service companies, will proceed toEnglandto join the depot. ;.- No. 3. Leave of absence is granted on medical certiicta to Lieutenant ana AduntmtA. Hejywoa, 2d Battalint, :Rifle Brigade, to the 15th of Jannary, 1856-to proeeedto Malta; and until his retirement from the service t6Ca6ptain A. Alison, 72d Regiment. ; - No. 4. A medical board will assemble to inquire irto the state of health of Lieutenant J. Cauming, 9thU Regunent, and Staff-Assistant-Surgeon D. Stranaghan, LD. The principal medical officer wilibe pleased to give the neceasjy directions. 4 o.5. SergOeant John Motion, 9d Regiment, -isapPinted DeputY-Provost-Marshal, with -pay at 4s. 9di -day;,iream the 13th of December, 1855. I ' - Bg order, C. A. WINDEHAi, Chief of-the StaRi Head-quarters, Sebasbopol, Dec. 16, 18-55, No. L The followingofficers of.the REoyalArillery live been appointed to aCt as field officers, anl may dram; teld allowance ind forage accordingly from 18thof NoimiFer, 1855:-Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel L- F. Strange, Brevet. Lieutenant-Colonel E. W. Fortescue, Brevet-LieutenamtColonel S. fE. Gordon, Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel Ilf. -0. Dixon, Brevet-MajorMon. W. C. Yelverton, Brevet-Major ?L A. S. Biddnlph, Brevet-_Major J. G. Boothby, BreetMajor G. Le ML Tupper, Brevet-Major S. D. Broughton, Brevet-Major F. B. Ward, Brevet-Major 3M. Cliffo}d, Brevet-Major A. C. fa*lkins,, Brevet-Major W. J. E. Grant, Brevet-Major G. Shaw, Brevet-Major G.-T. Field; Brevet-Major C. J. Strange, Brevet-Major HL P. Newton, Brevet-Major G. H. Milman, Brevet-Major F. W. Hastings, Brevet-Major E. Moubray, Brevet-iajor w. E X Reifly. Brevet-Major E. J. Carthew, Brevet-Major G' e. Hemly. Brevet-Major W. J. Wiliams, Brevet-Major J. F. iPcniny cuick, Brevet-Major C. E. Olderahaw, Brevet-Major.T.3E. Hope, Brevet-Major W. 3. Bolton, Brevet-Major 2. W. L'Estrange, Brevet-Major W. G. Andrews. No. 2 Captain Tillbroo, 50th BRegiment, will acts a field officer, and mayvdraw field allowvance and forage accordingly while second in command of his regimentirona. this date. No. 3. The following appointment to the Land Transport Corps is made pending confirmation from home:-To-ba Cornet-Colour-Sergeant James SpTy, Royal Sappers and miners. No. 4. The following changes in the rates of allowesfces to soldiers -worling the field electric telegraph are sanctioned, subject to any general arrangement for a change in the rates of psy to the army --L The non-commuisionLed officer in general charge, 5s. a-dy*; 2. All or other lioncommissioned officers or privates in charge of statiobs, 2s. 6d. aday; 3. All subordinate telegraphists, when sufficiently expert, and good scholars, on the approval of Ille Commanding Royal Engineer, is. 6G a-day; 4. Men <smployed repairing the batteries and line, is. 6d. an-y; 5. All other telegraphists, is. a-day. No. 5. The following having been employed in the Sabmarino Xlectric Telegraph Department may draw pay. as stated .-Telegraphists.-Corporal T. M'Clelland, Royal Artillery, 3s. 6d. a-day from the 26th of November, 185 ; Bombardier A. Hood, 2s. Gd. a-day from the 18th of November, 1855. Orderlies.-Gunner W. Kelly, Royal AAillery. Is. a-day from the Ist of October, 1S55; Gunner J. Ha nigan, Rtoyal Artillery, ls. a-day from the 9thEof November, 1865; Gunner I. Grimes, Royal Artiller-s. a-day from the 9th of November, 1855; Gunner W. Chandler, RoysiArtillery, ls. n-day from 9th of Noveml.er, 1855; Gunner W. lamb, Royal Artillery, Is. a-day f]i om 9th of November, 1855; Line Man A. Renwick-,,Se a-day from 6th of October, 1853; Interpreters M. Alperin, 6. a-day from 1st of October, 1865; S. Batangdo, os. a-day from 14th of November, 1855. -No. 6. The undermentioned soldiers having, been c charge of telegraph stations, may dra- pay as f9llows:lance-Corporal C. Horder, Royal SappersandMiners, 2s. 6d a-day from 20th of November, 1855; Lance-Corporaf:J. Lyneh, Royal Sappers and Miners, 2s. 6d. a-day from 20th of November, 1855; Private J. Mathison, royal Sappers and iminers, 2s. a-day from Ist of November, 1855 Private G. Rex, Royal Sappers and Miners, 2s. n-day nram 1Gth- o£ August, 1855. No. 7. Quartermaster of Brigade Sedlcy, Land Transl,rt Corps, having resigned his appointment, is permitt6d to proceed to England. No. & The following officers, being in command of coi. panies, may draw field allowance and forage as captains -. Lieutenant Bower, 4th Begiment, from the 3dof December. 1855, Lieutenant Day, 2Sth Regiment, from the 8th of 'December, 1855, Lieuteat Currie, 79th. Rgiment, from the 8th of December, 1855. No. 9. Captain S. Haclkett, 23th Regiment, having left one horse at the public service, forage may be drawn for him until the 3Lst of December, 1855. By order, C A. WINDRAY, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebartopol, Dec. 17, 1855, No. L The services of Captain Milligan, 39th Regi. ment, Assistant-33ngineer on theroads, being nolonger'required, he w4il rejoin his regiment. No. 2. Captain C. Milligan, 39th Regiment, is appointed Aide-dc-Camp to Major-General Lord W. Paulet, C.B., with the usual pay and allowances from this date. No. 3. The following non-commissioned officer is appointed Instructor of Msketry luntil, farther orders fro= the lst of December, 1855 -lIt Brigade, Fourth Division, Sergeant Wallace, 21st Regiment, vice Walt, 21st letgi ment. No. 4. The necessary repairs of the main road fromthe shears to the Woronzoff-road, and of the branch road from the iron huts dep5t to the Engineers' park, vill be exec-ted by the troops as a fatigue duty, without pay, from this date, under the superintendence of the Quartermaster-Gene'raL An officer of the Qartermaster-Gencrars Department -via point out to a Staff officer of each division the section of road to be lept in repair by the divisions. The Generils of divisions will cause this order to be read to the troops, an4 see that the men are made acquainted with it. No. 5. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Lieutenant J. Cumming, 9th Rlgiment-to proceed to Malta. In extension, toMajorLowiades, 47thRegiment; Lieutenant Wanklyn, 77th Regiment,- t, December 25,1855-to remain at the Monastery. And,- on medical certificates, to lieutenants Dew, 88th Regiment; to January 2; Acting-Assistant-Surgeon B. Edwards, to De. cember31, 1855-to proceed to Scutari. No. 6. A medical board vill assemble to inquire into thu state of health of Acting-Assistant-Surgeon C. Hyde. The upr s. aical officer wil be pleased to givethe necer - By order, C. A. WIN-DIAM, Chief of the StiiC Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 18,1853. No. 1. At a general court-martial, held at Camp before Sebastopol thl-17th day of December, 1855, in pursuaruie oE an order of his Excelleicy General Sir WIlIiam Codrington. 'iC.B., Commanding the Forces, dated the 15th of Decem. ber, 1855, No. 1,247, Private Corneelius Connolly, 77th egi-. ment, was tried upon the folowing charges :-lst, -ifor having at Camp before Sebastopol, on or abox:t the -12th ,C December, 1855, been drunk- in camp and absent from fore. noon parade -without leave from bis commanding offlcer; 2d, for having at Camp before Sebastopol, oii or about the 13th day of December, 1855, in the orderly-roomd E--the 77th Reiment, strck- on the head Captain George Cirden, 77th Regiment; Iis superior officer, -then andthere i&dthe excumtion of his offlico; and at the same time- and jElace violently ldck-ed the table at which Lieutenant-Clonel Straton, C.B., the commandingofficerof the 77th Regicnt, 'was sitting inthe execution of hisoffice; of whic cb tgesr the Court found the prisoner guilty. tene=b Court, having foand the prisoner geilt' of the clargemrEe. fer;ed,againsthina, whichbeiigin Ireach of the MticbnoE War, and having received evidencw of his_ge l bh - rater, and of previous cavictioxs, doe3 now adjadge sim, the prisoner, No. 1,247, Pivate Corneius. Conny,77tM Regiment, to be kept in.pena servitudo fo the trmof sEi years, in suchplace as one of Her Majeste Piinpal Serataries of State May fromtime to time direct. 3 : -- : 3. 3L- C1}UYlORD-D. Brigfaier-GenecAl and President, - - Deputy Judge Advoatea Confirmed and approved. ,I,LI AM CODRTh-GTONY : - - - Generl CommAndi 'No.i. The Rsev.1Mr. M'Sweeney, Roman C6tfhohiihAn lain, ll be attchoa to the.3d Division,. and .takog -charge-of the General Hoapitalin carmnp, No.3. In General Order No. 5, -of the 14% inst, za lieutenant Ooakley. not Vousden, 1st ReBnsont : No. 4. leave e! ab3enct is irantea, o u6re pnva,
DIl I;atI I ,COlaa'E. The new scheme proposed by the Charity Com-l missioners for the alistration of this CoMege haa been authenticated by the seal of the board, and deposited for public inspection, under the provisions of the Charitable Trusts Act. It consis's of 111 clauses, of whiclh the following is an abstract " Clatuse 1 dissolves the -existing corporation. " 2. The charity to be called ' Alle nIa College, at Dulwich,' and the Archbishop of Canterbury to be visitor as heretofore. " 3. Twelve governors to be appointed-four elective, and eight non-elective. "s4. The four elective governors to be chosen by the four vestries of the respective parishes of St. Botol&h-without, Bishopsgate; St. uike, Middlesex; St. Saviour, Southwark; and St. Giles, Camberwell-the first election to be before the end of August next. " 5. Thefirst non-elective governors to be appointed by the Court of Chancery on the application of the AttorneyGeneral, and all succeeding non-electife governors by the majority of the remaining governors as vacancies arise, subject tothe approval of the %eard. '- 6. Disquahlefations of governorsfrom death, insolvency, &e., or neglect to act for two years. '7, S. Yesting of estates and powers of leasing, d tc. " 9. The present members to be paid annuaQl y as followns: h-laster, 1,05 .t; W-arden, 855L; Fuirst andSeonWdFellow s, 500l.; Third and Fourth Felows, 466!.* pDOr brecthren an d sisters, 150!., from lichlaelnas next for their respective lives.- " 10. Duties of ChapLain and other spiritual du-ties to be performedl by the present Fellowvs, until the appointment of a chapLain a-s a-fter provided;* but the Master Warden and Fellow.s to be otherw ise exonerated from residence and othler duties after Idichielnias ne.xt. The w.arden's allowiance to be increased to 1,0151. after the master's decease, if the warden shall survive him; but all the allowances to abate proportionably in case the clear income of the charity shall bea insuacient to car-ry out this scheme. " 11. Eightts of the present poor scholars preserved. "s12. The present college grammrar szliool to be continued until the governors otherwoise direct, subject to the pro jisions of this scheme, with liberty to allow the master of the school a pension or gratuity upon the discontinuance of the school. "13. Servants and attendants may be allowed pensions or grwtuities when their ser-ices are dispensed with. "t14. Pensions, &c., now properly payable, to be contimned. 15 to 30. Appointment and duties of clerk and receiver; ules for holding general and specia meetings of the governors, a-ppointing committees, keepig the accounts and minutes, appointingbankers, and custody of documents. " 31. The head master of the uppei- school, after constituted, to be called' The Master of Alleyn's College at Dairies,' and, subject to the direcion of thecgovernors, to have the general saperintendence of the charity. 32, 33. One chaplain, in priest's orders, to be a-rppointed by the governors, and to have a smitable residence provided for bin, free of rent, rates, and taxes, inl which hoe shall reside. y34. Dutie of the chaplain in the college, and with reslect to the objects of the charity and the inhabitants of the hamlet of Dulwichs. "35. The chaplain ma-y become the incumbent of any ecclesiastical district into which Duiwich may be formned. " 36. Chaplain's salary to be 2501. a-y&blp "37. Power to bruld a chapel, with the approbation of the visitor, wvith accnnodation for the governors, masters, and boys of both schools, and the almispeople and servants of the college, and also with accommodation for the inbabitants of thme hamlet of Dalwich at least equal in extent to what they have heretofore enjoyed, having regard to the probable increase of population, ith powser to receive reasonable pewr rentse "3. Power to raise fnlds by mortgage. " 39. Governors to make roles for nternal government " 40. The objects of the charity to le ditided into two branches, called respectively-the educational and eleemosnary branches, -nd the surplus income to beo divided into equalfourtli parts, three of which shall be placed to the acconm t of the educational branch, and one to the eemnos-arybranch, and subject to the next clause, to be ap- 41.The sauplas income of the charity to be invested and accumulated until 2t shall he suffcient for carrying tho provisions of the scheme intO active and complete o uration, with pooer, nevertheless, under the sanction of the board, to employ the funds in the pa rtial accomplishment of such respective purposes. "As to the edmcastnl branch of the charity,- "43. Tvon schools--anr upper or classical schooL and a lower or English school, to be established in Dnlwichm "44. The uppor school to be for the reception of boys as day scholars an boarded and say be carried on in the present collegebuildngs,t wich maybealtred forthatrp-pose. "45 and 46. The governors to appoint the head master and uder amater, who shall be graduates of any of the Enish mrty rsities or of Dublin .The sAl ry of the head masterto be 350? a-year, and of the under master 20l. a-year; te ether waith a halfyrerly sum of bys. to the master, dans 10s. to the under master for every boy exceeding o0, in addition to their owin pulpils. 4S. The master, with the approbation of the governors, tohasppoint suchassistant masters and teachers as may be requisite, at salaries not exceeding 150b . a-year each. "49. The boys of the upper school to be admitted between the ages of g and 5, and tobe children of inhabitants y fof t oe four parishes, and able to read and write; and quaelied boys to he received as day schoLars or boarders to tie extent of the accommodation acormded by the school; but no boy to remain after the age of 19. Subject to the rght of preference of the four ries, the governors may admit boys from other parishes. "50. Applications for admission to be made in writing to the master, and registers of the ap,lications to be kept "51. The number of boarders to be fi=xed by the governors, such boardes to be lodged and boarded in the school buildings, but at first provision to be made for no more than 60. "5o2. The governors to fix the amount to be paid for beard, lodging, &ce., for the boarders, upon taking into account the expense thereof and allowing a reasonable smn for repairs and contingencies. "53. Partial boarding of day bioysg "5456. 'When the income shall admit, the governors may elect 'foundation scholars' in the uper schooL not to exceed 24 in nuniber, to be maintained at the expense of the charity. "55. All boys in the upper and lowYer echools admissible a s candidates for election on the foundation, and thos reported by the master as most deserving at an annual examination to be chosen. "s57. The master to receve not more than 30, and the under master not more than 15 boarders if the accommoda tion of the school admits, and the governors approve of their so doing, upon such terms as the latter may prescribe. "59. Capitation fees to be fixed by the governors, but not exceeding 62. per annum for boys under 14, and 81. for boys above that age, to be paid in the upper sehooL. "60. One moiety of the capitation fees to mo to the master, and one-fourth to the uder master, andthe remainder to the general purposes of the school "61. The instruction in the upper school to comprise the principles of the Christian relipion, the reading and study of the H7oly Scriptures in Greek, the Latin, French, and r- man languages and literature, the princples of natural philosephy, and particularly the sciences applicable t4practicas artos geology, astronomy, land mensuraedy p the gmydboys of c apitatineering, drawing, and designmng, mathematics, algebra, arithmetic, commercaland other bpokkeepig, general English literature and composition sacred and profane history, geography and writing, and such other subjects as the governos may direct. "63. Prules for annual examinations. "6, 65. Providn g exhibitions or scholarships in the u ppar schooL, not exceeding eight in nomber, or 100b. a-yea each, tenable four yeas when the funds admit, butte which the private boarders shall not be eligible. "66. The lower school to be carried on at Dulwich for foundation scholas and day boys "6S. The master to be a member of the church of England, andreceive a salary of 150!. a-year, and a half-yearl sum of 10s. for every boy exceeding.B0in number. 69. Power to appoint assistant masters in the lowler school at salaries not exceedingloot. a-year. "70,7} The foundation scholarsitheloverschoo3notto exceed 70, havisng regard to the funds and accommodation t boeheigible betw,een the -ages of S and 12 - to beampointed by the governors, and to be children ot'poor deserving parents in any of the four parishes; an equal number being taken from each of the Rrshes of St. B4oto1ph, St. Savionr, and St. Luke, and half of that numnber from Camberwvell. " 72. The foundation scholars at the lowver school to be elected for merit at an annual examination, after public notice. "73. Examiners to be appointed. "74. The foundation scholars to be clothed, lodged, bo4arded, and educated at the expwense of the charity.- * 75, 76. Children of the industral or poorer classes of any of the four parishes t4 be admitted as day boys to the lower school to the extent of its accommodation, and applications tobe made tothmemaster, and regoistered. "77. The day boys to pay capitation fees not excceeding os a-quarter for those under 14, and l0s. for those above, with power to excuse such fees in special cases. "78. Day boarders adnuisuble at rates to be settled by th. The oajtr-<.io in. the lower school to comprise -the reading and study of the HIoly Scriptures, the principles of the Christian religion, reading, wrriting, spelling, vocal music, drawing, and desigzning, general hInstory, and geegraphy, E:nglish grammar, arithmetic, book and account keepig, and such other subjects as jthe 'governors mnay "c80,'81. Provisions for superintendence and discipline, "82.tAnnual examinations. `83.tPrizes and power to gIve gratuities, not exKeeoding 40?. each, to not more than sixbys, asapprentice fees, orfor their advancement. " 84. When the funds admit, a n-umber not exceeding 12 boys mnay be allowed exhibitions or scholarships not -exceeding 30!. a-year each, tenable four years. "85.' The exhibitions to be the subject of competition for all the bos of the lower school at annual examinatins. f "8o 87,88 8,1 90 R denco oftemsr, whol are not to hve therempoymets r boefies,.andare t.be removable. "92. Religious instruction to acordance withthe .doctrines of the church of England. "93, 94, 95, 96. 8epsrate accounts to be kept of the boarding establishment, appointment of manciple or housesteward, and maintenance of-the establishmnent. "97. Present .poor scholars to be the first foundation scholar. - o "98. Preference to be given to children of the inhabitants ofDhihto those of the inhabitants of the other parts of Camberwell, on applications for admission to the schools,. " As to the eleemosynary branch - " 100. The numnber of almspeople to be dletermlined by the governors, having regard to the amount of incomeapl cabl to his bjec andthe xten of he aailblebid reception of the almepeople unon the charity estate, if 1iratieable, or elsewthere, at I) lisich. -:-- "102!. The present poor brethren and sisters to bo entitled to the ffrst residences which rnay'be erected. "103. One-half of the almspeople to be lre other half sisters, and to be cliosen in ial among the resident peor of the four parishes, to be married or sigle persons, and not to be lssthan60yearsofage, or to have received parochial relief within three yeari befor their election. " 104 The governors to select one out of three poor persons, duly qlifed, to be presented to them by the vestry of the patish entitled to the turn. "I0O. 'The alinspeople to be entitledtothe residences to be provided for them, and to B weekly stipend to be fixed by the governlors, but not excceeding 20&. per week.- "106. The master of the college to nave the superintendence of the almnshonses. "107. Power to the governors, when the income shall bo seflicient, to appoint outpensioners, not exceeding 16 in nuuber, with stipends not exceeding 10s. per week, to be chosen in the same mianner as the other almspeople. "108. Powver of suspending or removing alispeople and pensioners. " 109. The poor of Dulwich to have the preference in eligibility to the poor of the other parts of CamnberwelL "As to tfie pictures:- "110. The governors, with the sanetio,n of the President of the Royal Academy,to provide forthep) cservation and custedy of the collection of pictures and other works of art, either in the present gallery, or in some other suitable building or re ositorv to be erected or provided by them for the purpose, eiter atDudwich or elsewhere, and subject to such regulations for making the samin accessible to the public, and for other purposes, as the governors may direct; and in tlho mneantime the pictures, l;c., to be kept in the present "Ilm The. stock and moneys vested in the college or in trustess under the foundations of Sir P. F. Bourgeois and Margaret Disenfans, for the preservation of the pictures, to bo vested in the governor, and carried to the ' Pictuiro Fund tccount."I
THE RUGELEY POISONING CASE. Considerable uneasiness is experienced among the polico authorities at Rugeley in consequence of the purport of a private letter received from Professor Taylor by Mr. Gardner, the attorney for the prosecution, having in a manner unaccounted for by anyone reached the knowledge of the prisoner William Palmer; who, inunediately upon gaining the intelligence, wrote a letter to the coroner. After the proceedings of the inquest of Vednesday, and whenthejury had retired, Captin Hatton, the chief of he Stffordshire police, appled to the Coroner to have the letter given up to him.' The folowing conversation then ensued:- The Coroner.-I must know the reason why you want it. I have not got it here. Captain Hatton.-It is of great importance that we should have the letter. The counsel for the prosecution will be in Stafford to-morrow, and I am.anxious to p lace it b'efoe thens to have their opinion upon it. I think it maybe an important feature in the case. WiU you give a copy to Mr. Gardner? The Coroner.-Yes; I can give Mr. Gardner a copy. A discussion nsued au s to when the coronier would fuirnish the copy askcd for, at the end of which he remarked, " I do not know what to do about giving it. I am rather in tho dark." Mr. Gardner.-You admit you have received a letter. I do not think you can suppress it. I want to know how the informiation contained in it was communicated to Palmer ? Captain Hatton.-I anm not safe in this matter. There isa great traitor soniewhere. I will ta'ke my oath I never let the contents of that communication escape me. 1W. Gardner.-The information in the lotter you have was sent in a private letter to me. The Coroner.-I do not wish to suppress the letter; neither can I tc how Palmer obtained the information. That he did get it almost as soon as you (3Mr. Gardner) is evident for it appears in the letter. Captain Hatton.-I repeat that there is a fearful traitor somewbere, and thagt it is necessary I should have acpy of This letter. I kow enough of the letter to say that. iheo can I place confidential communications in a man's hand until it is explained? The Coroncr.-I think I will forward it to the Secretary of State. Captain flatton.-Wi' you send it to the Secretary of vest? ~ ~ r tofPofso The eor,dand ask him whether Inam right or wrongT Captain Iatton.-Peorhaps it will be bettor to enter into a full explanation wiet Sir George Grey, or I shall have to do so wlen I go up to lonedon on Mivonday The Coroner.-poc will send up an account as correct as I ean recolect of v hat has ta3ken plae. The subject then dropped. Tle letter in question is understood to have been sent to the coroner tby Palmer at th time the inquiry was pending concerning Cook's death, and before the result of Professor Taylor's analysis had transpired. It is said to intimate that Palmer had seen a letter from Professor Taeylor stating that he had siot been able to detect in Cooks stomach an trace of mineral poison. A letter to that effect was received by Mr Garrdner, who is positive that her did n eivulDe the information. Tle police authorities cannot understand how Palmer became acq.ainted with what was then a secret. Disclosures of a most startling character, and of a nature Palmost unsurpassed in the history of crime, are expeted to he made before the termination of the inquiry in this oextraordinary case. It is confidently asserted thet, upon resuming the inquiry, evidence will be given to show that Mrs. Palmer before her death, exclaimed to a female attendant in reference to her husband, "Is that wreteh in the house? hIIe's murdered me." the symntoms exhibited during her illness 3ned at her decease are aDpeed to be procistdy sitlar to those detailed as manifested by the untortunate Cook. a surgeon in Stafford, who attended Walter Palmer several timnes during the shortiness which preceded his death, willdpose that on the oceasion of one visit Walter complained to him that the pils he ad sent hinn to take the previous nigtt had made him awfuLly il. Tho surgeon, unot haing sent his patient any pills told him se and w.as anlswered that he must be msistaken for hsis brother (WVilliam Palmer) had given him the pills, and declared3 that be (the Stafford sureon) had sent them. Of the 23,0001 for which William had insured Walter's life, vweare assured not a falrthing was paid by anyof the various offices, and therefore, if the crimne of fratricide, as supposed, wras committed with the viewl of gaining that sum, the intent was happily frostrated. Startlng as it may appear the names of no fewer than I6 persons a3re mentioned atRugeley, respectingvwhose death by poison at the hands of the prisoner statements are made The cofins containin the remains of theadeceased Ann and Walter Palmer were, uodn their exhumatio conveed fromdthe family vaultdto the Talbot Inn at Rugeley, and opened, in the presence of the coroner and jur, in the com mercial room of the inn. The coffn of Mrs. Pelmer, made of oak was first opend thaving been buried a long time, and the gaseous exhalations beig able to escape througnh the porous wood, the corpse was comparatively dry, and the smell educed endurable. On the removal of the outer coffin a hole ias bored in the leaden receptacle in whichV alter Palmer's bodypwas confined, and instantly a most sickening and noxious effluvium escaped, which permeated the entire buildingr, affected parties at the other end of the inn, and produced a sickening effect on all in the immediate vicinity of the coffin. Subseqrently the leaden lid was removed and the spectacle preseteed by the body was absolutely frightful. The cheekd were so terribly distended as to extend to either side of the coffin; one eye ras opened, and the mouth partially so, presentin the appearance of a horrible glin and rimace. E1 ach limb wras also swollen to prodigious proportions, and the sight was revoltin in the extreme. Nearly all the jurors were afflicted with vomiting and fating. After the re-iterment of the coipsos considerable time elapsed before fumigations could make the house at all bearable; even a week afterwards the close room in which the bodies were opened strongly smelt of the disgusting odour, and it was found necessary to have the ralls scraped and re- aerd the doors and woodwvork re-painted, and a portion of the floor on which foul matter had dropped from the coffin of the male deceased re-laid, it being found impossible byplaning to divest the beards of the noxious We are informed that the Attorney-General and Mr. Scotland are retained for the presecution of Palner. Mr. Huddleston is mentioned as engaged to assist Serjeant Wilkins in defending Palmer.
THE EDINBUnGH ADDJTESSES To Tni KinG or S_.na-The answer of the Sardinian Ambassador to the address of the " inhabitants"' of Edinburgh to the Sardinian 31onarch was the subject of discussion. at the mneeting of the Town Council there on Wednesday, and the address itself repudiated in somewhat strong terms. Dr. Renton said that, after the address which had been ageed to unanimously at a mneeting of the corporation, specially called for the purpse-an address which, he believed, fairlf represented the feelngs of the inhabitants of the city-it might he thought that no further demonstration was necessary to testify to the high admiration which they all entertained for the King of Sardinia. Another demonstration, however tooke place, of which he would merely say, that he would leave the authors of the address there adopted to the opera-fion of the -very instructive admonition which the King of Sardinia had given to them, trusting that it would not be loston a party thesectarianantipathiesofwhichhadledthem arrogantly and erroneously to give forth their views as an embodimentof thepublicopinionof Edinburgh. (" Hear,hear," and applause.) The Lord Provost said, "that he believed that the address which he had been instructed to dlraw up, andwhich had been unanimously approved by the corporation, truly expressed the sentiments of the gaeat boodyof the coinmunity, and hewas glad that so gra -ign an answer had been received to it. With regard to the other address, he might be allowed to say that, when asked by i minister of Vie established church to preside at the meeting, he had ag,reed to-do-so,-oonsidering the object to be one that coincided wvith the general sentiments of the ,public, It wias no doubt his duty to have prinsed with care and anisaous consideration the address wicli was to be' proposed. Owing to the piressuro of business in-connexion with local Parliamentary measures and other matters, and amid the preparations for going off to London, he had not bee abe-o d s, ad e went to the meeting unprepared for what' occurred. He must say that, had he observed, when the address 'was read, that it contained anything which could have ailled forth the answer wvhich had beengiven to it, he certainly w.ould not have conveyed it to the quarterhle did. (Hiear, hear.) gAssuredly this occurrence would beajlesson to him in future to exercise more caution in such a matter." -The subject then dropped; At the Ulnited Industrial School meeting, on Mfonday, Lord Keave5 one of the judges of the Court of Session, referred to 'the King of Sardinia'sanswer, while spealting of the subject of toleration. Be Mid that some of those who meet needed it had latey received, from a quarter of their ovn selection, a lecture on this subject which be hopced rould be of prne-enmi Dlent serviec to them. (Applause.)
THE MURDER IN CHURCH-STREET, AfIIXORZEs. Yesterday ThomasWilliam John Corrigan, aged 30, and late a " cominodore" or foreman in the employ of the East India Comrpainy,! was brought uI on remand before. Mr. YARDLEY at the Tbames Police Court, Stepner, charged with the wilful niurder of Louisa Corrigan, his Ae, in the house of M1r. Burton, optician, in Church-street, Minories, on the 26th nIt. I I I Mr. Lewis, sen., of Ely-place,; defended the prisoner, -who was brought down from the House of Detention soon after n o'clock, at -which timne the court and every avenue leading to it were crowded 'with people; btit it was 2 o'clock before the prisoner was arraigncd in the dock. The prisoner appeared, quite unconcerned and ttipped lightly into the dock. His callousness throughout a long examination was quite surprising and was the subject of general remark. The evidence given yesterday was a repetition of that which has already appeared in our columns in our reports of the firast exanunation of the prisoner at this court, and the inquest on the body of thiemurdered woman. Somne new facts, however, caine out yesterday respecting the demenanour and conduct of the prisoner towards his wife previous to the murder., It' WiM be recollected that the prisoner and his Nvife were on a visit to Mr. and Mrst Burton, of Church-street, M1inories, on Christmas-day, and that the visit was prolonged until the following day, the male portion of the party sitting up all night, drinking and play ing at cards, and the Iemen-amoog whom was the deceased -resting in the bcdro Is of the house. On boxing-day the deceascd, accompanied by Mrs, Fearon, the sister of Mrs. Selby-street East, BetDnial-grveen, ito see her clhilodre,No. They were joisied by the prisoner, who retlurned, in company with his wvxfe and Mfrs. Fearon, to Mr. Burton's residence. The deceased and Mtrs. Faron went into frs. Burton's bedroom to take off their bonnets and shawls, and while Mrs. Featron was in the act of- untying the deceased's bonnet the prisoner rushed in upon them armed with a newv claspi knife, -with whiceh he stbbed his wife in three places, and she died a few minutes afterwards. Mrs. Burton and Mrs. Fearon, in endeavouring to save the deceased from the fury of her husband, were both wounded. tThhey hav.e edntirely recovered from the effects of the injuries Ir YnRD.Ly said, he had not heard this case last week; it was originally before his colleague, but he had no doubt it wouldbe onoftor trial. Mr. Iewis.-I can't gainsay that, for a verdict of "W Wilful murder" has been already returned by the coroner's jury. Mr. YARnDLns.-It is not quite regular or legal to say I shall comnuit the prisoner for trial before I have heard t'he evidence, but I have no moral doubt I must commit the prisoner for trial. Mr. Lewis.-I shall have occasion to ask a few quations. Mr. YARDAEY.-Certainly. I will examine the Vwitnesses who saw the transaction ; then the witnesses to facts preceding the transaction, and afterwards the witnes.ses to facts succeeding the transaction, I shall marshal the^n that way. I will hear any witnesses you may have to call, Mr. Lewis. Mr. Icw^s.-I thank you, Sir. Ms Elizabeth Fea^ron was the first witness called. She was labouringtnder gratt nervous excitment, and, being accomodaed ith aL seat close to the bench, M1r. YARDLEY addressing her said, " You have a publio duty to perforn, and you must exert your strength to do it and not give way to your feclings." The woman, who occasionally looked very anxiously and affectionately towards the pnri soner, in addition to her former evidence said-On Boxigday I Nvent houie witlh Mrs. Corrigan to visit her children. We met the prisoner in the house, and he appeared very cross because lie had baen at home and not found Iis Aife there. Mrs. Comigan said, "Oh ! how cross he looks; tell him you have been with me to look after the clildren;"which wasthe fact. Mrs. Corr-igan also said, "Perlaps, that will pacify him. Directly afterwardsthe prisonerca,me ilnto the room where we were, and said to his wife, "Whero have you been?' to which she replied, "I have been wvitl Mrs. Fearon to see to the clildren." The prisoner said, " You might have conie home and looked after the baby." lrs. Corrigafi said, "Don't be cross; the babvyhas been well looked after." The prisoner said he would have his tea at homec. Iladvised him nlot, aLs we had to return to Mr. Burton's to tea. The prisoner hesitatted a moment andi then said he wonld have a wash and return wvith us. After lie had washed he took his wife's ann, and he -wished me to take his other arm. We all got into a cab, and up to that time therewas no quarrel at all. Nothing happened between the prisoner anid his wife in the cab. On reaching Mr. Burtoi s house I wanted to pay my share of the cabhire, and the prisoner and his wife laughed at me and said I should do no such thing. We all went into the sitting-room on tlie second floor together, and I and Mfrs. Corrigan left the prisoner there and went into the bedroom to take off our boninets and shawls. We had been there about a muinute when the prisoner caine out of the sitting-rooimi, paused for a niinute on the landing. and his wvife said, " Who is thiat! " The prisommer put his hand to his head, .nd I fanciedhe w.ascounting moncy. He then came into the bedroom hastily. I was at that niomenit untying lis wife's bonnet, and he separated us, rushed upon his wife, and threw her on the bed. I thought he was about to strike her, and tried to separate them. I put up my right armn towards his wife and my left arm to tie prisoner, and said, " Don't strike her !" I saw her all over blood, alnd rusled out of the room and exclaimed, "He is mnrdering her !" Before I rushied out of the room the deceased ex-- claimed, " O,, oh I " He threw her on the bed before I felt tlhe blood on my ann. I tlhought at first he was thumping her when he separated us and threw her on the bed. She was lymig on her baek, and he struck her on the shoulder and stomach. When I got outside the house,wvithmy arm cutand bleeding, the deceased caiue after me and called out " Betsy Betsy I" I turned round and saw ler fall on tle steps of a door. Mr. Marney, one of Mr.Burton'svisitors,sajd"sheh,js onlyfainted," and led me to the doctor's shop. I afterwards saw the prisoner's wife brought across the noad by four men, and she died almost inmiediately afterwards. Mr. YARDLEY.-You have received a letter from the prisoner since he has been in the House of Detention ? Mrs. Fearon.-Yes, Sir; I have. A letter was handed to the witness, who said it was in the prisoner's handwriting. Theletterwvas then handed to Mr. Lewis, who cross-exasuinied the witness at considerablelengt1i. She said-I received the letter on Saturdayramorinlglast. I never knew when he was married to his wife. I believe they lived togethier before they were married. I have been acquainted with them as man and wife seven yas I M tekl ivd er unhappily together. ttey lved very Mr. Iwis said, he hoped the letter would not get into the n aMr LEY.-When things are read pubicly I don't see how we can prevent it. MWr. Iewis.-It wll not be necessary to read it publicly. Mfr. YAnRDLEY.-I don't know whether it will notbenecessary. Sometimes much good results from the publication of letters, and sometimes evil follows. Mr. lewis.-I am sure, Sir, when you read the letter you won't think it necessary to make it public. The letter was then handed to Mr. Yardley, who read it, handed it to Mr. Pyer, the chief clerk, and told him to return it with the depositions, but not to read it. Mrs. Fearon.-The objection to read it don't come from me, Sir. I hope that will be understood. Mr. Y.nRDLEY.-There is no imputation on you at alL I see the reason Mr. Lewis objects to the letter being read. It has no bearing on the subject at all. I don't think it necessary to give the letter in evidence, but it can be referred to in the deposition of thle -witnes. Mr. Lewis.-I don't wish it to be referred to at alL Mr. YARDLEY.-I shall certainly return it withthe depositions to the judges. On further cross-exsaminationby Mr. YAiD=z, The witness said,-The prisoner and his wife lived very nnhappilyto'rether. I have been present when they have urrIle. never saw any violence on his part. She has seratchedhim, andhehasheld herhands. Inever sawhim commit any greater violence. By Mr. YARDaLx.-I never saw the prisoner strike his wife. They never lived happily together. He has been jealous of her of late. Mr. Iewis.-You have heard that from her. Mr. YARDLEY.-That is not evidence. A conversation took place between the magisbrate and Mr. Lewis respecting the admissibility of evidence respectiD whatthe deceased had said tothe winss r. Lewis wis,hes the conversation to appear on the depositions, but Mr. Yard& ley said it was not evdence, and would not comply with the n further cross-examination by Mr. Lewis the witness said,-I have known the prisoner and his wife n years. About six or seven years ago he received a serious wound on his head. By 3Mr. YARDLEY.-He was under the influence of drink on Christmas-day, and also on boxing-day. There were no places for the men to sleep at Burton's, and they stopped up all night. He was under the influence of drink in the cab. His wife bad.been in bedl with me all Christama might. The men sat up drinking and the women ment to bed. The prisoner was drinkingall Christmas night, and asointhe morning of boxing-day when he had a wash, which refreshedhibn and heweut~tobiusiness He was docidedlyunderthe influence of drink on boxing-day. He was in the practice of dtinkng to excess. I heard his wife say he met with an accident sis or seven years ago. I don't know what were th6 effects of the accident I have 'heard his -wife say he was very troublesme when, he was in liquor. He was in the practice of coming to our door, and at others, and knocking us up at 2 o'clock in the morning. We have answered the dbor, and he has gone away. He was afflited with detiriums tcaines a week b fore the murder. Hewasoften inastateofexcitement whenhewas at home. He was always excited when under the influence The witness, having fnished her evidence, nodded affc. tionately to the prisoner, and retired to the clerk' The prisoner's countenance brightened, and he returned the m. Aun Burton, of No. 47, Church-street, Minories, and sister of the last witness, repeated the evidence she gave last week, and added to it as follows :-The prisoner looked very strange on Christmas night at 10 o'cloclc I observed it, and said to the deceased, " How strange your husband looks." She said, "W ell he may be; lie wil either -- mador die; he has not been sober for several months." he had a strange look on Christmas night, and was very quiet. He looked as if he had been intoxiated a onsiderable ti3ne, but there was no difference between hira and his wife that Ight. (The witness here becauneso much affected that she could not proceed.) I - - - * Mr. YADrxy.-Mrs. Burton, your examination wi not last long; you must exert yourself to go through with it. It is a necessarydutyyou hav e to perform. Mrs. Burtonrallied in a few rainutes, andproceeded.a3ri boxing-day the prisoner left at 9 o'clock iu the morning. My sister and Mrs. Corrigan left at 12 o'clock. The prisoner came at 2 in the afternoon. I said, " Where have you bceepP' He made no repl, bcause he knew I washard of hearing; but he shook hs nead andput his fingerto his nose. Iknew he meant by that, "w 7ith n o one, and been nowhere." He wentupstairs, came down again, and 'ent out. The prioner, his wife, and Mrs. ,F,earon cams back at half- past4 I heard them conic into miy 'room. Shortlyr afterwards I heard a shriek from my bedroom, and went in and saw the prisoner striking at his wiffe. I fefn upoahiaann ad held it, Hiseyes rolledfearfully. Iheld flm;aiind 'begged'o'fYlint to give'i4he knife. At lst I got the knife from hinL. He lookeddreadfuflywild. Heap-a peared to be makinig movements with his arm. I said "Yot I surely don't wish to be hurting me." Heo said nothing, but looked wildly about.the room. -Mylhusband andothersesame into the room, and two men held his arms while Iand Mrs. Fearn got the knife from him. I Was cut with the knife and I saw blood on the bed. I said " Oh! you wicked fellow, what does this all mean ?' He made no answer, but looked wildly at me. I have known him 15 yeas. I have I seen Iis wife strike him, and he has held her aTMs. She once threw a flat-ion at hitm. I hxve seen them frequently quarrelling. Once the prisoner told me he bad struck her. She lhada black eye, and he saidto me " Ann, that is my, shlame; I wishlt had never done it; I did it in the agony of the moment." By Mr. YAISDLEY.-I saw no signs of jealousy on his part towards her. During the whole of Christmas-day, and' to the 1ihappy moment, the prisonerwas on veryg£ termsnwith his wife. He looked confused on boxing morning. Ain hour-and-a-haif before the fatil momenthe looked flr. John EenryCool:, msurgeon, of No. 140, Ntinories, in whose surgery M Corrigan expired, gave the result of +he prt-mnortc;z examination of the body. There were, two wounds on the left shoulder, and another'on the upper and inner side of tbe left breast. The knifo had entered the pericardium, which was full of coagulated blood, which ought nottohavebeenthere. Hethen cameto the heart itself, and found a longitudinal wound nearly half aninch long, and net quite a atarter of an inch in depth. That wound wvas the cause of aeath. The witness wa3s here shown a el taken from the prisoner by Btn, and said le had no doubt the fatal woundwas inflicted with such an instrument. It must have required great force to inflict such a wound.. ,Mr. Edward Burton confirmed the statement of his wife in evely respect, andsaid-When Iheld the prisoner, and. while my wife was taking the knife from him, his eyes rolled and glalred. They looked very glassy. I then cried for help. Mr. Marney and Ir. Fearon cane in to my assistance, and by our united efforts we took the knife rom him; I said, " Good God Alnighty I wvhat shall I do wit you?' which I repeated several times. He did not ippear to know what I was saying. I have known the prisoncr 16 year, and his vife lor 12 years. They lived very uncomfortably, but I can't say from what cause. I have not heard of his ill-using her, except in one instance which MrBurton has: spoken of. Cross-examined by Mr. Lewis.-Tho prisoner was once in the London Hospital with Isa head bandaged. I believe it was a severe injury. I don't know that he was labouring under letiriunb trsieens. His wife said he was Labonring under dcdirin treicnens in the presenc of 20 persons. : Mr. YARDLEY said, thiswas not evidetnce, but he would rather admit something in faxour of the prisoner than run the risk of rejecting it. If it is not evidence it will be rejected on the triaL. Mr. Butrton proceeded.-I have seen tho prisoner on oete or two occasions labonring under great excitement But not so bad as he was on this occasion. Mr. Lewis.-In the state he was in on boxing-day do you believe he was capable of knowing wiat he was about ? Mtr. Burton.-I am firmly of opinion he did not know what he was about. I don't know the cause of the prisoner's differences with his -wife, but I have seeu her shake hinm He has not returned it. By M1r. YAnDwEY.-I never saw the prisoner in such a state as he wras in on boxing-day. I have seen himn the worse for drink before. I can't ascribe the state of the prisoner on boxing-day to any cause. Mr. Levis.-How was he when sober? MIr. Burton.-When he was sober he was the mildest man alive. Mr. YAXRDI asked Inspector Genon if he had ascertained how the prisoner became possessed of the knife? Mr. Gernon.-1 have not, Sir. Clarm BroNvn and Lnspector Gemon repeated their evidence, which has been already published at length. James Eegan, of No. 3, Vine-street, Tooley-strcet, anew vwitness, said,-On boxing-day I was passing lalong Churchstreet, Minmories, and saw a woman in the imddle of the road close to the kerb, and a man and a woman lifting her up. The man was wiping the blood off her face. There was a great cut on her shoulders. I said," You had better takc her to the doctor's;" which was done. She died 10 minutes aftertvards. A letter, wwhich the prisoner wrote in the House of Detention to his sister, was put in, and MIr. Burton identified the liaiidwriting. MIr. Lewis.-It has already been published in the newspapers. Mr. Gernon, recalled, said that a policeman, remained in the cell all night with the prisoner at the stationhouse. The prisoner was nervous, tremulous, and excited, but did not appear like a madman. This being the whole of the evidence, Mr. lewiswasabout to address the magistrate, who said, I shall deliver the usual caution to the prisoner. The prisoner.-I have no recollection how it happened or how it was done. The depositions having been completed by Mr. Fier, the chief clerk, the prisoner wras fully committed for trial for wilful murder. The proceedings termninated at7 o'clock.
THE CIVIL SERVICE SUPERANNUATION QUESTION. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE T=IES. Sir,-In Dr. Farrs letter in T7ie Tinmes of this day, ho quietly observes that " several" in the civil service are in favour of a simple remission of the present deduction from salaries, kc., thus leaving it to be inferred that the majority are in favour of his, ana Mr. Bromley's, scheme of an insurauce-office. As this statement, if allowed to pass unchillenged, might lead to most erroneous impressions, I hope, as you have given curency to his letter, that you wil allow me a small space in your vtaluable journalto undeceive him on the point, and to state, in an equally public manner, for the information of the large number of persons interestedin the settlementof thisquestion, lthat morethan two-thirds ofthecivilians now subjected to the tax (upwards of 8,000 out of, in round numbers, 12,000) have signed a petition to Parliament in favour of the simple remission of the deduction, and, -therefore, in opposition to the insurance scheme. I believe I speak the decided feeling of the large majority -when I say that we much prefer to be allowed to provide for our families each in his own way, and are as decidedly opposed to a compulsory tax for the purposes proposed. Insurance-offices surely abound for those who require them. Another can hardly be necessary. If, managed, as suggested, under the independent, and, J presunie, unpaid, directions of the civilians themselves, experience forbids its success. If the managers are to be paid, I see a job in prospect, and protest against it beforehand. - I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. S03EISET-HOUSE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ES. Sir,-Permit me to direct attention to a point in the provisions of the act 4th and 5th William IV., cap. 24, which does not appear to have receivedtheattentionitsimportance merits-nlamely, the baneful influence which the septennial increment of retiring allovance must exercise if the provisions of the act quoted are not repealed before they come into fumll operation. The old clerk or officer (presummig that he can afford to retire) will, although unfit for work, clng to office till he makes up another year or two, so as to complete the period entitling him to a better retirement; the energetic and fitter junior wvill conseqaently be barred from the post which he is better qualified for, and-the public service will suffer by having the wrong main the responsible and duous Lace. Tre the heads of- offices may sometimes exercise their power and force retirement upon the old and used-up-man, but at lhat cost to him? Why this-that, having served perhaps 36 or 37 years, he will have to retire on th"e allowance awarded to a service of 3L Another provision of the act named is that the retiring clerk's allowance is to be calculated, not npon the amount of his salary at retirement, but apon what itwasthree years previously. Why such a provison was mnade I have never been able to understand; but that it will fall -heavily on those clerks whose salaxies increase annually, as -they do in many departments, must be self-evident. The remedies for these evils are simple,.and comrmend themselves to every one's common sense. Let - the-retiring. allowance increase with every year's service, and let it be - based upon the amount of salary-say, onthe 1st of January previous to retirement. Allow me to :oin with the "Clerk in oie of the War Derrtments7' in ttankng you for your invaluable services in helping the public toea better- understaading of our grierance, and also, -as-tan officer in another department,- to express the very- general disapprotation-with whilch- the "'widows' fruid and annuity" scheme is regarded.byall whose opinions on the subject I have been able to obtain l am, Sir, your very rteful servant. : AN INCCOME-TAX OF1GCEhR Jan 2. :
HAVE THE CPYSTAL PALA CE A d(COfVTS BEBN SENT TO THE BOARD OF TRADE I. TO THE -EDITOR OF THE 'T =-S. - Sirj-The above- is a question which interestt-,e -whole pnblic, and not 3nerely shareholders, so I hope 'you wil allow it to be Askedino oInn.. You have often 'insisted that the educationl of the public isdeeply coucerned in t'he icomaiereial succtas of thietrystal P'alace. It- is nicist important--to'all simillar educational attempts that it may he'clearIj kuno*ii whethjer th~ere h2s -been commnercialfaihure'.or success with the Crystal Palace;. ,but it is impossibl.e to alve at this knowledge in th'epresent mroflo6 directors and thareloiddeit iand Cmmitteeof Iniest~gation, and bomminite divided againti itself,- and ac- countants disy*lting.- There is, hodwever, one clear course through the iaess, and that is, for the inepnen §hab holders to ask theBoird of Tikde to giv the .thatc6re- statement of the ic66untswhlibbhthe chrtr o.f thhbosZpan,eyt directs shall be furi,islibd. !Iflie word of. the.-t"h&rer. are~, t-hat the pormpany "shall animhally causetd"be'delivered t& t.hePliesident, for:thie. tisie bebng, of,the.3oiu2&of7Tijae,Or otherwise, 'as Thaay be.. directed by- hisi coie of the balance Theet.of the sidl company,, and also -guch othera&counts isia# he tqi$ d ytejad,rsdnt of the~ Boand Of frade?' ..-- *ThesBe accounts, wvil show- how faranayicommerdiil failuret is naturaltosiclhn eneyie,rsi to causes ,which Inighhat&eesiabidewith rude de;ndwill crhapsbo - - ONE OF THE PUBIC. CIYSTAL P MCxE.-ONi Snmu;G DAY.-ThUrday,-Jan. 3.-Amissions on payient,- 14,08; dittd, by seasor ticket 236; toa visitors, ,I'm.
COUBT OP BAKRKUPTOY,- RuinfwZE-Mtwe, Jua. 3. - (&fJorc 2&i. .o<isioncr EVANS) IN RE TOXtAS.I.. 7his was a st examination. The bansupt, a cabWnet. 3na decr, of Tottenham-c.ourt-road, passed. Iifr. Chidley appeared for the rbairpt, Mr. Rosooe for the assignees. IN EZy ASUrON. The bankrupt, 'who-was a builder, of Loughborough-road, Mrixton, was awarded a oertficate of the first clss. The banr3mpt wasaroocr, of lreadin . Mr. Linklater, fortSe asE'gnfees, ,W d not oppose. Mr.' Chidley appeared for the bankrpt, who passed his last exanination. IN' RE WJU.B AMSD DAIM The bankrupts were bu'ilders, of Chancery-lane. They came up to pass their examination. Mr. Beevor opposed. a Mr. CMDLEY, for the assignees, was wlling that the bankrupts should pass, all questions being reserved for the certificate meeting. The bankrupts passed. - MPRvEMqEMT OP THE COUMTM. The courts are arranged with aview to the accomodation of si-c yresiding commissioner By the Bankruptcy Consolidation Act thuse must, at no very distant day, b rednced to four in number. Inconvenience is felt throughout the year from the mnallness of the present courts, and during the summer months especially the health of the public necessarly suffers from the exceedingly bad ventlation. An endeavour is now being made to remedy the evilg, *ith which view a plan for converting the present six small courts into four courts adapted for the requirements of the case has been prepared. It is not inworthy of observation that in many of itspublic courts tbhe metropolis is much behind many of those in the provincial towns. This probably may arise in many insthnces from.the difflculty of oainingthe required space ; when, however, that is not wanting it is but due to the metropolis that that Space suld be made the most of, especialy in a case liae that of the Court of Bankruntcy, sitated as it is in the very heart of the city of London, and visited almost every day by the mercantile public. The other law courts possess the advantagesconsequent upon the longvacations. In this court there are only four days? vacation in the year, including Christmas-day and Good Friday.
I,VSOLVENT DEBTORS COURT, Jan. 3. 1' nr -flnrn --n -n.r (Bcfore Mr. Commnisioncr PnmvrPS.) This insolvent, a vell-known actor now perforsning at the Olynpic Theatre, petitioned under tbe Protection act. Mr. Reed Bd to opposc for a creditor, and lMr. Sargood mepporthe applicaion. A proposition was made by the insolvenfis counsel,and assented to by the opposing creditor, that 401. per anum shonld be paid into court for the benefit of the creditors. - The case vwas adjourned until the 24th inst., to insert and serve a creditor, and to file a formal proposaL Li RE W. NOKES. This insolvent, an attorney at Woolwich, applied uoder the Protection Act. Mir. Dowse appeared to oppose. Mr. 1?,Li~CmiE, on behalf of the insolvent, prayed an adjourmnent, with a view to an arrangement;* a conrse which wras assented to by the majority of the creditors. The learned CoarrSSiO.ine exaniined the schedule, and, observing that a debt of 130L was incmred as seenrity for another person, remoarked that it would be 'wise in the insol. vent to settle, if possible, with iis creditors. The case Was then adjourned until the 31¢t in,st.
MIDDLESEX SESSIOKS, 17tursday, Jan. 3. The January general quarter sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex commenced this morning at the Courthouse, on Clerkenwell-green. There were 40 prisoners' for trial, seven charged with misdemeanour and '33-with felony. Mr. Witham presided for Mr. SerjeantAdams, the assistant_ judge (who was revented from attending by severe indi sition), and briely charged the grand ju - Sophak 5R5e, George Ruffe, 23, and John Ruf&e, 19, her sons, were indicted for assaultinz Thomas Attwood a constable of the metropoltan police district, in the execution of his dnty. The day after Christmas-day a row took p2ace at the Blue Anchor publichouse, Mile-end, in which the prisoners were the principal actors. In consequence, the landlord putthexm. out of the house, wvhen they conmenced knocking at the door and creating a disturbance there. The prosecutor came up and endeavoured to prevail on them to *o away quietly, instead of which the prisoner George drew from nnder the sleeve of his jacket a poker, with wvhich he dealt some severel blows on the head and shoulders of the polceman. He w.^g Imocked down, and the other male prisoner got hold ot the poker and used it as his brother had done, while the mother rendered them all the aid she could in their attack on the constable. In defence, George said he was so drnnk that he lmew nothmng about it; John, that he 'was not-there at all; and the mother, that the policeman was the aggressor. The jury found them all GniGty, and it was stated that the prisoner George had been previously convicted of an assault on the polce and seat to the House of Correction for feur months. M1r. WsrnHA- sentenced George to eight months' and John to six months' herd labour, and the mother to two months'.
.XA YAL AND MILIVARY-INTELLIOBYqk0 Tho Austrian stemer Asia, which w aid to have taken' fire between Beyrout and Alexindria, reached Alexandria on the 23d of December. The steam transport Indian, No. 197, Captain iMaster, *rrived at PortsmQuth yesterday from the East, bringingLieutenant-Colonel William Yorke Moore, of the 54th Regiment, two invalids, one senrant, and two horses, anda few stores. She landed a quantity of shot aiid shell at Gibialtar, on her way home, and left the Golden Fleece there preparing to take in mules for the Crimea. On the 29th ult. the Indian exchanged signals, at 4 p.m., with the steamship New York, abreast of Bnrling Rocks, stecring south; on the 30th, 30 miles to the southward of Cape Finisterre, passed the sailing transport Bombay; on the Ist inst., at noon, passed the ship Britsan's queen, to the southward of Ulshant RoCk, bound up ChanneL The Indiana screw transport left Portsmouth yesterday for the Crimea, with draughts of troops and a bodyof the Land Transport Corps. The Calcutta steanm transport left Portsmouth yesterday tor Southanpton. The paddlewbeel steam sloop Polyphemus, 5, Conumander P. P. Warren, from Portsmouth, with 151 supernumeraries for ships at Plymouth, arrived there on Wednesday, and returned on t.he same day with supernumeraries for Portsmouth. The pnadlewheel steam-frigate Valorous, 16, Captain Claude R. M. Bnckle, is ordered fromn the Black Sea to Plymouth, to be fitted with all speed withu new boilers, which are in readiness for her at that port. The crew of the screw steamship Conqueror, 100, Captain Thomas C. Symonds, got up main and fore)ards at Plymnouth on Wednesday. - The crews of the screw steamship Archler, 14, Captan Edmund Heathcote, and of the paddlewheel steam sloop Bulldog, 6, Commander G.ordon, have been paid wages at Plymouth, and a month's leave of absence has been granted to them. The crew of the paddlewheel steam sloop Inflexible vwere paid off at Plymouth on Wednesday. Letters received at Plymouth, dated Dec. 11, 1855, on oar'd Her Majesty's screw steamship St. Jean d'Acre, ;01, Captain King, state that she would go to 31Mlta to wait orders, and probably reach England in February, to refit for duty in the Baltic. The London, 90, Captain Augustus L Kuper, on arrival at Plymouth from Malta, is ordered to be fitted with jury gear with all despatch, preparatory to her embarking provisions andstores for the Baltic, wlhere she will do duty ntext season as a receiving ship. The gunboat Plover, Lieutenant Steurart commanding. las left Woolwici for Greenhithe with her full complemlent of stores, ammunition, &-c. The iron mortar-float No. 2 has returned to Woolwich from Ehoeburyness; 250 rounds were fired fron the mortar buCces.sfully. The boat, unlike No. 1, has sustained no damage, with the exception of some very slight injury to the light ornamental woodwork. A detachment of Royal Sappers ard Miners have reached hcad-quarters, Woolwich, from Heligoland, where they have been stationed for some time past, and occupied in erecting huts for the Foreign Legion there. The Lords of the Admiralty have sanctioned an exclange of divisions between First-Licutenant Henry, WoolNich Division, and First-Lieutenant Blake, Portsmouth Division of Royal Marines. Ts-enty privates of the Royal Marine corps are to leave Woolvich to-dAy for service in the gunboats at Ports. mouth. The foUowing appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty.:-Richard Drury, assistant-clerk, to the Fisgard; W. 0. Albin, assistant-clerk, to the Victory; W. H. J. Aitken, assist;nt-clerk, to the Impregnable. During the interval of the late catastrophe, which resulted in the destruction of the cartridge sheds in the arsenal at Woolwich, and the substitution of other buildings for currying on the work, the youths employed in that and the fuse and cartridge factories have received their working pay; in addition to which, during the ordinary hours of labour, they have received scholastic education under about 30 competent masters, until arrangements for some time past in contemplation could be completed, so as to admit of the work which shall have passed though their hands being immediately removed out of the reach of any probable danger from the arsenal fires. All prepared combtstible materials are in future to be stored on board thle several floating hulks moored in the river with that intention, one of which is to be entirely appropriated for prepared fuses, a second for loose powder, a third for small-anrms' cartridges, and a fourth for common cartridges. Twvo long-roomed magazmes facing the river, having been selected for the cartridge and fuse factorics, have been cleared of their stores, and sheds are in the course of erection in the adjoining marshes for the mealing and other processes which are attended with more danger. The use of the steel gimlet, formerly employed for opening the vents, has been abolished foer that of a copper borer. The duties of these Aepartments will re-cemmence on Monday next. Captain Orr has taken great interest in the arr.gements of the boys instruction. -hey number between 600 and 7.00, to the best conducted of whom he distributed rewards on Christmas-day at his ow-n cost. The usual generosity displayed by Government in such cases has been manifested towards the widows of the three men who died from the effects of the explosion, by ordering the pay of their deceased husbands to be contilned to them, as well as in allowing the customary wages to those who are under medical treatment. The magnificent storebouse conhacted to be built by Messrs. Fox aind Henderson Zwo months back is now finished, and ready for the reception of general stores, for which space has been so long *needed in the arsenal at Woolwich. It is constructed of corrugated iron sheeting, ventilated with blades of iron, and lighted with raised skylights or roof lanterns. The building is supported by skeleton iron columns, to which tlhe iron sheeting walls ar attached. The interior is apPched by six pairs of sliding doors, sfficiently wide to admit the-entrance of store-carts and' goods-waggons. The Luilding is about 200 feet square. There are likewise .nmnerous other buildings spriuging up, as it were, in vari-- eIS parts of the Royal Arsenal grounds. The proof department has added to that establshment a long range of new workshops and smithies, which are supplied with a shaft of the ordinay height, 130 feet. The building of a standard foundry in the arsenal yard is likewise in contemplation, the plans for which have been submitted for the approval of Government. Several branches of the carriage department have been detached therefrom, and now form separate estnejlishmente, such as the harness and collar makers, &c., for which new and elegant-looling buildings have been erected. An appropriate surgery is also in the course of construction. This building will be sufficiently spacious to accommodate a surgeon and his assistant, so that in the case of any night accident medical assistance may be at hand. Ile cesblishment will be provided with the necessary surgical, visiting, and operating rooms, as well as a waiting lobby, all connected and easily accessible. The whole of these improvements are under the supervision of Lieutenant-Colonel Beatson, RLE. On New Yeaes Day Colonel Henry Sandleam, Royal Enginers, ambled the whole of the Royal and East India Cominpany's S_ppers and Miners (800) in the Barrack-sqnare, Mgvmpton, in close column, and callng Colour-Sergeant Henry MDonald to the front, addressed him as follows'sergeant M'Dorald,-You have not yet received your Crimean medal, but I hold in my hand one of stil greater portance- no less than that for distinguished conduct in thefleld. Ihavemnuchpleasure in resentingittoyou,and I have the a dditional gratification of informing you that yon aye recommended by your bravery and soldierlike deportmen't for a commission, which I hope you may obtain, and 3iVo mny year to enjoy." Yesterday thme inralids at St. Mars Barracks, Chatham, ,for the purpose of hearing the letter from the etothe ubscription for theNightingale Wmnd read to them. To-day the names of such asinten to tontribute will be enrohed, 31ILITIA. The North York Regment of Rifles left Richmond, Yorkebjy, for Bradford, onx Tueeday. This reginent is under the comand. f the Duke of Leeds.
STiTsMCS OF PA~rUPsPm.-A statement of the averagrenumber of in-door,audlout-door paupers relieved inL thebalf-ye.rs ending Michzelmas 1854 and 1855, together with the hf-eaLrly expenditure for out-door relief, and _otper head or in-doormaintenance, in the several unions in the western. countie6, has been published. From this it appears tbat the average number of in-door paupers relievedl for the hxlf-yTear ending 3lichaelmas 1854, in the uv.~ps of Devonshire, was 2,317, in the Mlich3elmas quarter of 1855 the number was Z349. The averaoe nume of ,out-door paupers for the half-yer enin Miclaehnas, 1854, was 25,816 in 1855 the numbe -was 25,416. The amounit ot out-door relief pad durin the half-year ending Michael3M ai, 18 54, was 55, A. ;in 1855i was 5 297. The to tal cost of food and clothing for in-door maintnance for the tvo periods ranged fromn 2s. 4d. to 2s. Uld. per head. In the county of Cornwall the average number of in-door run for the half-year ending Michaehnao, 1854, was 7 ,i 1855 the nmnber was 1,586 'The average number -of out-doorpuPer for thehalf.yezrending3fichalas,.IS w I3Z7wi;& in MiChaelmas, 1855, the number Wus 12,071 The amount Of cut-door, relief p ad during th half-ya endig ichaelmag, 1854, was 2A,93&.; in 1855 the amount was S815 The total cost of food and clothingfor in-door maintenance ranged from l& l.0~2,d to 3s. Old. per head. In Somerset the average nuLmber of in-door jeiu],ers for the halIf-vear ending 31ichaelmws, 185, was 3,037; in 1855 the ,umber was 3,217. The average ntumber of out-doornauer for the half-year endin MichaelnaE, 1854, was 29, %4 - in 1855 the number was 29,605. The amount of* ouIQZor relief pyaid duripgthe half-year ending Mrichaelmas, 1854, was IZ9 ?81. in I85 tea ut s622S.The total cos of foo an cothngfor in-door maix*nqxQ ranged from 2#, 2$d,,3d.per ead.
- ALIRMATIOf 9F JUVENILE OFOEND2Bp. ! -* !. - K ZT3W S -OTYME JS. 2. A nrumefouatlr attended meeting oE the nobility, clergy, and gentry residting in the counties of Duirhiam and Northunmberland was held in the Afssembly Rooms in this town this tfternoon, to tako into consi4eration steps for thec counties of Northumberland, Dturham, ewcastle, and Berwick-upou-Tweed, ths preseit rmall school near the barracks in this town being tnequaI to the 1Cquirements of the district. Earl Grey, the Lord-Lieutcnant of the county, occupied the chair, and amiong the company were most of the leading clergy of the district, Lord Havensworth, the Hon. H. G. Liddell, LP., Mr. Inghamn, M.P., Sir Johi Fife, Mr. Joseph Pease, of Darlington; Mr.. John Guy, of Dilston ; hrr. Riddle, of Feltoh ; and a large nunber of the county and borough imagistrates. The large room was qttito crowded. Earrl GpEY, in opening the busines of the meeting, 8aid, hc had willingly undertaken the daty which the meeting had imposed upon him-namely, that of taking the chair on so intercsting an occasion (although fully sensible he should perform it lut insperfectly)-from the deep interest he felt in the subject wliich had brought them together. Before he proceeded to call upon those gentlemen who had undertaken to move and second the resolutions whlich would be submitted to the mecting, it would probably be convenient that lie should endeavour, in as few words as possible, to explain the reasons which induced the committee of the present refornatory school to inNite the audience there and to explain the objects of the mneeting. They were all aware that for many years past the increase of offenders of a tender agc had been the subject of gmrat regret and ainxiety on the part of aU who took an initerest in the welfare of the country. (Applause.) It had been clearly ascertained that the number of these offenders had for some time been increasing more rapidly than could be accounted for by the inererse of the population of the country, and it had been still more clearly ascertained that the mode of dealng vith these offendershad hithertobeen lamentably unsuccessful. (Hfear, hear.) They knew that the clildren. who had appeared time after time before ue criminal and police courts, and had been committed to p risen again and again, but too often grew up into hardened and desperate offenders. This w,as an evil niot confined to thils country. Other nations had expericnced something of the k-id, and it appeared that, nless measures were taken to guard against it, it would go oii increasing. It was a natural consequence of an icremasing density of population and of wealth in an advancing state of soeiety. It had attracted much attention and much inquiry, and that inquiry had at last, he thought, generally led to the conclusion that to attempt to deal wnith this evil merely by punishling the mIUIhappy children who were found commnitting crimes was not merely fruitless, not merely altogether unsuccessful isiputting a ste p to these offences, hut altogether cruel and lunjust (applause * and that those chldren wi-re really IIusui mor e objects of comp.assison tbhan of punislmuient. They were educated in vice-from their earliest infanlcy subjected to injurious influences, destitute of parents to teach them the difference between right and wrong, or to aw.aken within them a sense of their responsibility .as immortal beings. Hence it appeared to some benevolent men that, instead of going on in the old beaten track. and trying by mere severity to put a stop to the offences comn aitted by children of tender years, it would be a bettor course to try what effect might be produced upon their hearts by a course of training to ve sich thsey had been strangers-by kindness mixed with a strict but judicions discipline. The success which had attended the experiment where it had been tried, the remarkable success which it liad in another country which they aU knew by name-he alluded totheestablishnent at Mettray [hear}-it wvould be improper for hnim to attempt oii that occasion to describe. There were many in that roonu 'who were far better acquainted with the circinmstance-s than himself. Nor need he attenpt to describe to them the success which kad attenided the effo-ts made-though on a small scale-in this country. It was sufficicnt that lie should state that it was the general opinion of those whlo had taken the most pains to inquire into the subject that the success of these attempts had been quite as great as could have been expected under the disadvantageous circumstances under which they had been tried, and considering that it was not yet twvo years sinceParliament * ave mangistratesthse authority and the power of detaining children in schools of this nature whlo did not wish to stay there-a power that was indispensably necessary to the successful result of the experiments. Before that it was indeed marvellous that anytlIinig could be accomplished, beeause in children accustomed to vicious practices it was almost impossible to have expected that, however much it n-ighlt be for their good, they would in the first inistance like the change fromnalight to a strict discipline, wvith however muchkindnesstthatdiscipline might beenforced. AtIength, however, Parliament had given the powver to magistrates, under certain circumstances, ef sending children to reformatory schools, and of detaiiing them there for prescribed periods. (Hear, hear.) But these reformatory schools before they could be used in this manner, must have been approved by one of the Inspectors of Prisons ap- ointed vy er MIajesty's Government. By this enactment Parliameat had recognized the priiiciple of establislin2 schools of this kind. nd it had gone further, for it had also provided that the Government should be enabled to pay 5s. per week for the maintenance of every child into the hands of the committee of management, and it had further empowered the magistrates to recover the sum from the parents of the child. This last prevision was, in his opinion, the most important of alL (Hear, hear.) It recognized one great principle upon which the great experiment w-as founded-nauiely, that in the cases of certain crinies committed by cdildren the real responsibility rested, not on the children themselves, but upon those who bad neglected them (applause); for the Parents in the first instance were responsible for the conduct of their offspring, for which he niust also say society was responsible too. ( ear, iear.) He trusted that the principle of making the parents punishable for the offences of their children committed while under their care was one which would never be lost eight of; thsat inability to pay the money would be no reasons for excusing tlhm from maldng payments, for if the parent could not pay any money he should, at al eventts, pay by suffering the penalty of his own miscondnct. (Hear, hear.) It should be no excuse that he wasincapable of performing his dnty towards his children, because they had a right to assume that that inability was his oms fault. To this extent, then, d-d the law recognize the principlc upon which these schools were founded. But he confessed that he regretted it had not done so a. little more completely, because they were aware that, as the law stood at present, no child could be sent to the reformatory school until he had committed some rather serious offence, or had been committed to prison for a fortnight. Now, this a-ashardly consistent nith the very princileof th law. They dealt with these children not as cprits, but as victims of an influence from which they wished to rescue thenL If so, the sooner society interfered the better. They should not put off interference until the child had become hopelessly corrupted. (Hear, hear.) As soon as the proof of that neglect, which in the ordinary course of thuis6 would lead to the consequences they so much deplored, could be established, the parent ought to be liable to be punished by having the custody of his offspring withdrawn from him. (Applause.) In the same manner, while Parliament had given power to send children to schools of this description, it had provided mea by which such schools could be established. Undernthe law as it at present stood neither the general Government nor the local authorities were empowered to apply money in buildLUg schools and preparin them for the reception of these children. That had been left entirely to voluntary sabscriptions. This was a state of the law which it appeared to himr could not permanently continue. If these schools =ere to become, as probably they would do, a part of the regular machinery of this country for the repression of crime and the maintenance of law and order, surely they ought to be maintained, not by pressing upon the charitably disposed, but by funds contributed by all--like our prisons, our Penitentiaries, and our workhouses. ("Hear, hear," and applause.) He did not, however, in some measure regret that mthe first instancethis course had been taken. Parliament, no doubt, acted wisely in leaving it at first to voluntary agecy, and for this reason :-The success of these establishments depended entirely uponmthemannerinwhich they were conducted, and it was the spirit of real Christian Indness in their conductors which could alone give them an influence over the minds of the children submitted to their care, and render this great experiment as successful as it ought to be. He believed they were more likely to obtain eicient agency in schools established by voluntary action rather than in those maintained by funds levied by taxation. It was upon this account he thought it was not to be regrettedthat, for the present, Parliament had provided no means by which money could be raised from the public for this pnrpose. But, be that as it might, whatever might be the wisdom of postponing any legislative enactment for the purpose of raisng money for these schools, he thought-at all events while the law remained in its present state-it was their duty to come forward and supply the want which that state of the law created. By doing so in the first place, if the experiment were tried more largely, it would be more likely than anything else to encourage Parliament to complete what they had adopted, and, in the second place, it was the most likely way of effecting an improvement in the law relating to this matter. legislation u.pon this subject might be long delayed, but, in the meantime, the want was urgent. In this district-in Northumberland DurhamL Newcastle, and Bervick-upon-Tweedwhich latter town ought, he thought, to be added to this district, in accordance with the wish which had been signified to that effect on the part of the magistrates-there was at the present moment an urgent want of a school of this description. A reformatory school existed in Nawcastle, and they were all deeply indebted to the committee b which that school had been managed for the labour which they had devoted to it, as well as for the admirable manner in which that labour hlad been performed. (Ch'T) he success which had attended it, so far as his own lnowledge extended, and the information which had reached him, was already remarkable. But that school hid become altogether inadequate for the purpose. The buildings were not intended for any such estabhMa ent, and those who lid gone over them, as he had, must have seen how utterly inadequate they were. It was remarkable that so much had been accomplished under so many disadvan- tages. Besides, the situation was bad-it was much too nearthetown (Heai, hear.) This added materially to the expense of the establishment. land was of very much g reater alue in such a place than in more remote situations, and he held it to be mdisp ably necessary that land should be attached to schools of this sort, Oecause the experience of Franee and elsewhere led them to the conclusion that children who were to be reformed could not be so well employed in any pursuit as in that of ariciltural labour, which tende to the improvement of beth mind and body. It was, then, necessary that some adequate building deshrblde prov , and he conceived it was highly desirable th the counties le had mentioned should be united for tipuose. B Ie knewv that some gentlemen had entertaied doubts upon this subject. They thought that-small schools were far better than large ones. HIe believed that smallUscecols:-wreof advantage in more sentes thaif one;. -but there was a practical and insurmountable difficulty in the way of theix esbliUment-. namresy, ai enonneous inciea&of expense. They could not lleveji-roper staff of officers for conducting a school-of this kind upon an efficient scle withoutt great unnecessary expense. It w.as not worth while for such a man tS they would reqire to he at the headof an establishmnent of tIns nature usiess they gave him a salary which~ would faU far too heaiy upon a school recuiiving only a limited number of chOldren. The smll echools had aLso this disadvantage; theygrendered proper classification almost-impossible; for if, when they had 30 or 40 boys in the school, they were to divide them as they ought to be divided, hlere would bo only two or three in a eclas. On the other hand, the main advantages of small schools wrero qite capable of being attained in establishments of considerable size. In a laore school he held it indispens!able that the children ahould be broken up into nlusal numibers, or classes, each class beviong under the close superintendence of onneiodividual, whose duty it should bfoto make himself acquainted with the various characters of the children committed to his evharge, and obtain an itfluence over their. minds. (" Hear, hear," and applause.) This was pBrecisely what was done at Mettray Thlat w-as a large establishment. There wecre 600 or 790 children included in it, who were divided into divisions called families, each plaed in charge of one person, who s responsible for the manner Ilt which they were looked after. That was, he held, a sound system. They got al the advntages of the large establishment-effent organization and classification, wtithout the expense which would inevitably he entailed if the schools were divided into two or more small schools. (Hear, hear.) Itwas with these views that the committee of the reformatory school of New. castle had invited the inhabitantiygenerallyof Northum. berland, Durhay , and Berwick-upon-Tweed to co operate with them in formling a singl school for the use of this large and important district. (Applause.) It was for that they were asked there today. Before oi proceeded to cal upon the gentlemen ho w ere appointed to propose and second the different resolutions he would express he great satisfaction uith which he learuit, not ouly from the attendance that day-which, considering the season of the year, was exceedingly gratifying and satisfactory-kit also orem the nunierous letters which had been received by the secretary and others wyo had an interest in that meeting-gentemen of the greatest influence in that district-that this work Yas likely to receive the slpport to whgich he thought it vras entitled. And he rejoiced that this mias the case. Hoe rejoiced in it, not only because lie thougit they had a deep interest in the promotion of schools of this kind, as the best means which could be taken to cut off the most fruitful source from w-hich the criiinal portion of the population of the country w;as srtcrited-omely, the children of tender age; not onlb y because by so doing they were assisting to maintain the order of society; but more than that-becau.se it wvas a sered duty incumbent upon them that tcey should not sit idly by ad .see these, unhappy children rsined and lost to all that w,as good and holy for ever,; not sit idly by and see them fall into that miserable fate to which, without their interference, in all nmian prebability they wPere destined. ("Hear," and applause.) Rie believed it was a high and holy work-a charity to which thefy wero imperativoly called, and as sach at had bvin the greatest satisfacton to bin to see that it had been so generally taken up by his fellowv-countrymnen. (Applause.) The nohle Earl concluded by requesting the secretary to read over hes namdes of those genlumen who had expressedoef pathy writh the movement, bat who could not attecnd. Mr. D). D. M\AIN, the secretary, read letters apologizing for non-attenldance Ironsthle Dulke of Northuniberland, the De.an of Durhlam, Mr. D. ,Shsfto, 3LP., Mr. Hutt, MY., Sir Walter Trevelyan, Mr. Fiarrer, 31.1P, the MLayors of Berwsick and Shields, and other gentlemen. Lord RAVVENSW\ORTH moved the first rcsolution to the effect- "sThat te Legislature having by tily staUte 17th alnd 18th of Victoria, chap. 86, sactioiied thie principla e of committing juvenile offen ders to refonnator5 schooLc, it is highly desirable that tre intentions expressed by Parliament should be fully carried into effcLt, in order that the souirces ifrom which criminals are continualy being recrtited may be I entirely cut off." His Lordship said that le concurred in nearly al thnat had fallen from time noble Earl, and he miga t t.ake that opportunity of expressing his decided disapprobation and lisl decided difference of opinion from those- strictures which had been rather freely levelled at his conduct, because, forsooth, he, s Lord-Lieutenant land Custos Rotulorum of this county, had taken an active part in the reconimendation of this measuare. (Rear, heIar.) It was perfectly true that the noble Earl, as Lord-Lieutenant, had taken anl active part ill this m.atter, and on that account he coiisidered his conduct the more praiseworthly aiid Laudable in the promotion of this niost laudable and praisew.orthy object. (Loud applause.) This wvas a umeanilro highlly p raetical, and intended to be of practical benefit to our fellowcreatures; and all arguments . that might be brought forward to show that it w as inot precisely in accordauce Nith received custom and ancient law and duty were to hium so many idle words which micht better be spared. (Applause.) Tho resolution wlInch he had moved Was very simple in its character, and he miight, perhaps, have contented lihnself with reading it for their approbation; but, standing as he did before them, it would not, perhaps, be diap easing to them if lie made a very few observations upon it. (Applause.) The noble Earl, in bringing this subject before them, had sufficientlydweltupon its imnportance, and he would, tlerefore, call their attention to the condition of things ivith reference to the neglected beings whose amelioration they were all desirous of accomplishing coinpared with what it w-as a few years back. Let them look at the condition of those children some six or seven years since-at the language which was uttered from the Judicial bench, and more especially in thIo metropolitan districts. The voice of humanity was almostsilent upon the subject, from its utter inability to express wrhatoughtte be done with regard to the growing eil. The philanthropist stood appalled and perplexed nith the gravity of the circumstance. The arm of the lawv itself was paralyzed, both by tho frequency of tho crimes brought before its tribunals and the utter helplessness of the nunierous members of that juvenile population which called for punishment, and to wnhich the presiding genius of that tribunal was incapable of a ording anything like assistance. This was the esil which they were called upoii to remedy, and the noble Earl in his luminoius and pleasing address had told them to what extent they had reason to hope tiUs remedial measure would be carried in future years. The subject had been forced upon the public continuaUy, and now ithad been Miost seriously considered tlroughout the length and breadth of our common country, and a general and, he might almost say, universal concurrence of opinion hal been obtained throughout the community, niore especiaUy in large towns which wvere the great foci of the population of this country. He, himself, in' the performance of his duty in the House of Commons, had attended numerous deputations, great in number and respectability, wvho had waited upon the Home-office from the great towns of Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, and the various districts of Staffordshire and the Potteries, pray ingthe Govermnment to initiate measures for the ries, h ment of schools. (Hear.) He must say that tIme conduct of Government had not hitherto been aU that ought to be expectedand desired of the Governmentofthis country. Caution 'wacq,undoubtedly,av-ery comnmendablevirtlaeint'hosewhowere appointed to direct the affairs of this great nation. But, aftet the evidence which had been brought before the Government -the pledges that had been given in the House of Commons i his aring that the subject should be attended to by tho Government-he could not but entertain some that their conduct partook of the characterof stupid procrastination. Bult It would be impossible for the Government to remain silent upon the matter. Meetings lke that assembled under such auspices, receing such suprrt, would necessarily call the attention of Government to t ¾ matter and he had no doubt that before long an act of Parliament would be framed acknowledging these institutions as a part and parcel of the available machinery for the prevention of crime, the repression of future evils, and the better education and reformation of that large extent of juvenile population which was now engaged in the most unholy and predatory habits. He couldnotdoubtthatthatwouldbetheconsequenceofsucli meetings as that, andof the operation of public opmion upon those noblemen and gentlemen who now formed e Queen's Government. He was not surethat he couldconcur in all that the noble Earl said touching the principles upon which a child was to be received into these reformatory schools, but he would not make that room the theatre of a discussion upon that point. (Hear.) Any difference of opinon upon these matters of detail would be much more fnuy expressed when an occasion should arise-when these matters should be brought to the consideration of the Legislature. Applause.) Xevertheless, he thought he might acquit himself of entirely concurring in what the noble Earl stated with respect to the first taking up of these children and placing them in reformatory institutions before they had committed any particular offence, although he thought that point would receive great consideration at the hands of the Legislature. In the second part of the noble' Earl's observations respecting the duty of the legislature totakeup the whole question, and view it as a part of the machinery to be set in motion for the repression of crime-in every word he uttered heo cordially and heartily agreed. The noble Lord resuned his seat amid loud and protracted applause. Mr. SopvwH, of Allenheads, seconded the resolntion stating that whatever difference of opinion might arise upon matters of detail, there could be none upon this, that whatever tended in anyway to the education, whether of those who had committed crime or not-whatever tended to remove them from an atmosphere of punishment into an atmosphere of kindness could not be too highly estimated.. The minuence of kindness in education was much greater than was generally supposed, and he had orportenities of observing many schools in which the total abstinence of all corporal punshment was really a more effechtal means ofleading children into good tb any other course. The resolution was tarried. tMr. HoDGsos HrLDE briefly moved the seond resolution, to the effect-- " That, in the opinion of that meeting, the reformatory schools furnished most efficient means for the repression of crime, and for rescuing neglected children from growing up. to a life of wretchedness and misery. At the same time their establishment would tend materialy to curtail the expense of crminal prosecutions in this county. Mr. Anaxsos, a magistrate of the county, seconded the resolution, wlich was carried by show of hands. The Rev. I SHArTO ORDE moved a resolution affirming the success of the experiment since the passing of the act referred to by the noble chairman. Mr. E. B. SAsnnmsol, jun., in seconding the resolution, gave some interesting anecdotes in connexion with the reformatory school established at Newcastle, and went at some length into statistical details of the progressmade since its inauguratibn in 1853. The motion was then put and carried unanimously. The Hon. H. G. LIDDELI, MP., moved the third resolution, which stated that it was highly desirable that an efficient reformatory school for the counties above enume-. rated should be established as.soon as possible, and that a suitable building should be provided for thepurpose in some situation removed from a large town, and easly accessible *by railway. The hon. memberimade a long and interesting spech, affiinfing the principles enunciated by the noble enairmanm Mr. J. PFAsu, of Darlington, seconded the resolution calling the attention of the meeting to the necessity of closing Up beedioumes and gi&-hopgaa 75 per cent. of the .rize oinmited in this country -its origin in that source.. , The resolution was agreed to. Tho Rev. -Hi Hxmwog, vicar of BeOYWik, forrierlj chaplain of Dnhim Gaol, proposed a resolution inviting the landed proprietors and mnanufacturers to contributc towards the expense of ereting and maintaiding an eflicient ieformatory establiimnnent in this district, and that a provisional committee be appointed to collect iubscri tlon' and select a proper site for the erection of suitablo buildings. Mr. GUY, of Diliton, seconded the resolution, which was agreed to. Mr. L.NonA., M.P., Mr. ORDE, theo chairmn.a of the county magistrates, and Mr. E. RIDDIJ;n also buriefy addressed the aleeting, which then concluded.
AURDER BY STARA2'IONAT HACKNEY. - Mr. Baker, the coroter for tTlebEasternDivision of Middlesex, was engaged for some hours on Friday in inquiringinto the cause of the death of William Harvey, aged 7 years, and Harriett Harvey, aged 5 years, a chaire having been made against Edward Harvey, tho father, and Harriett, a woman wio has long cohabited with him, of having wilfully kiled -the two children by starvation. After taidng the evidence of the schsoohnastcr to wvhose schlool the two children were sent, and who said that the children were in a state of great emaciation, very weak, aid scarcely ever spoke, and that of MItr. Vinall, the medical officer of the district, who was called in bythe fatherto see thechildren,oneofwhomwas dead, and the other dying on his reaching the house, and who subsequently mnade a post moremie exanination of the bodies, the inquest was adjourned for the purpose of submitting the -contents of tho stomach, together with the hearts, livers, and intestines, to chynucal analyzation. Yesterday the jury re-assembled at the Two Black Boys, I Hackney, when thC iniquiry was resmied. Dr. Letheby, chyymical professor at the London Hospital, was examined, and said that he received the contents of the bodies from Air. Vinall. He carefully sought along the ali- mentary canal for nutriinent, particularly for bread and, farinaceousmatter andsugar, but he could not find aparticle of either. Indeed, there was nothing in the initestines but a gruel-like feculent matter and some mnucus covered with bile. This was more abundant in the intestines of the boy. Another fact which struck his attention was that the omenturn and mesenteries of the intestines were perfectly free from fat, sore so than he ever saw before in lis life. The glands of the mesenteries. stood out alone as* it were, like oldbeaters' .skin. He sought forpoisons, butdidnotfiadauy in the intestines. HIe thei examined the heart in each case, and found them perfectly healthy, but completely devoid of fat. The wsame as the case with the kidneys. He then submitted the liver to examination. Li each case he obtained a nminute trace of a white subliniate, that had soine of the properties of arsenic, but the quantity was too small to be verified. The result of his investigation was the total absence of fatty matter in anl the tissues,-a thinig ho never saw in his life before in so miarked a degree, the tissues in other respects being so healthy, although he had seen many cases of emaciation. He had not seen the bodies. After describing the process of tie test applied for the detection of arsenic in the system, but vhich accidentally failed of any resnlt by the bu-sting of the bulb of the Berzdlius tube while attempting to reduce the arsessic with a smixture of cyanide of potassium and of carbonate of soda, Dr. Letheby said ie did not ascribe any importance to the presence of a minute ortion of arsenic, as tho other appearances were quite sflficient to account for deatht. Tlherc was not any trace of arsenic in the intestine; amid if administered at all it must have been some time before. A Juror.-The wonian has stated that tho children ate a hearty suPer the sreceding evening. Dr. Let ieby sai there -was not a particle of starch or sngar in the initestines, but he could not say that they had not had any food. He should not think that they had had any for some hours. The system had evidentlyfed upon the fat for soens tine, amid had ex.hausted itself. There is no doubt the children had been in a state of starvation for soeie tiuse, and that that was the cause of death. MIr. Vinall said,-I have heard Dr. Letheby's testimony, and agree with him as to the cause of death. I delivered to him the bottles containing the stomachl, heart, liver, and intestines of the children in the sascie state in which they came from the bodies, and I was present wvith him during the experimient to wvhich Dr. Lethseby has referred, and l entirely agree with him in ascribing the deatlis to starvation .and to the causfes which Dr. Lethebv has detailed, anid not to poison. The total absence of fatty scatter was quite suffcient to account for the deaths. M1r. It. Harris, surgeon, said he assisted 3Mr. Viiiall in makiuig the po8t mo-tesm exasninatiols, and he ascribed the deaths in both cases to starvation. The total absence of fatness in the parts analyzed, with the absensee of disease, was sufficient to account for death. He went to the house and saw the bodies, and, on asking the father how lie accounted for their emaciated state, le said he could not get food to give them; and he told Mr. Vinall that if they died lie should say they w ere starved. Mtr. VinaUl was recalled, and said that as he was Walkin to the house with the father of the children the latter said he thought they were dying, and his remark was that if they died he should say they were starned to death. I said 'I'M don't you apply to the parishlr' and he replied that he had, and that Mr. Dossett iad given him some bread and oatmeal and an order to go into the workhouse. I did not understand him to threw any blanse on the parishi. I told hiss he was very sily snot to go into the workhouse. The Coroner.-That is the great difficulty in all these cases. People do not like to go into the workhouse and be deprived of their liberty. Elizabeth Platt, in vwhose house the children died, was then examined. She gave evidence exactlysimilar to that which she gave before the magistrate at Worship-street and which appeared in 17te Times of Monday. The Coroner asked MIr. Vinall w-lat wav.s the present state of trie two surviving children, when that gentleman said he Saw them yesterday at the workhouse, and they were both in bed, and not in a fit state to be brought to the court. Edward Platt was then examiined. -I let the room to Harrset Ray, whlo told me she had a husband, and tbat lie was a bricklayer, midd was in full work at St. Jamees, at one of the clubhouses, and that lie went out at 5 o'clock in the morning, and did not return till 7 in the evening. I had refused her the room on account of her having four children, but she said they were very quiet indeed. Her words were, " They are too quiet." I begged her distinctly to understand that, unless the rent was regularly paid anud the children kept quiet, she was to leave. Some days after they took rle room I went to the door. The woman came to the door. I said, "Now, Mrs. Harvey." She stood at the door, and said, "Now, Mr. Haivey, here is Mr. Platt," and he came out of the room, and she went back and shut the door, so that I could not see into the room. He then tendered sne a shilling, and said, " Can you tnsst me a sixpence till M\onday ? I have not liad time to go for my money, although I have been doing work for two parties," and be promised to pay the remainder on Monday. This was on the 8th. I applied again on the following Saturday, and they both came to the room-door together, and said they would pay me on Monday. I have not received any money. She told me that she was about to apply to the G4uildhall for 10s. as a freeman's gift, her former hnsband behig free of the Clothworkers! Company. She said. they would not give it if they knew of her second marriage, and I said, "Well, if you attempt to- deceive gentlemen like that you will get into trouble." She said, "They don't make much inquiry about such things." She then went into the city, asshe said, to see two or threo Common Councilmen about it, and on her return I asked her if she had'been suecessful, and she said, " No; I forgot to take my husband's indentures with me. I mnst get them, and go again to-morrow." Onthe Frandakedmeto direct a letter for her mother. The addrcsswas, "C. S. Butler, MP., Upper Clapton, Middlesex." The woman Ray at the same time said, "I have written three or four times, and have had no answer, and if I ean get any other person to write perhaps he may, on seeing strange wsriting, have his attention attracted to it and be induced to open it." She stated that Mr. Butler was her cousin (which I have since found to be the case), that he had been rery kind to her at her husband's death, and she hopedhe would be now, as she had written for pecuniary assistance, which weuld be of use to her. I don't ow whethr the letter was actually sent, but the child went with it out of the house. She took upon herself the responsibilities of the wife and acted as themenothr of the children. She was at home a very great deal, and he also. She took the room for herself, her husband, and four children, and she acted generally as the mother. The only child I ever saw was the eldest, and the woman ordered her about, and the little girl called her "mother." I saw the childres after they were dead, and r never saw such a spectacle in my life. Lavinia Edwards gave evidence similar to that given by her before the magistrates. EDlen Wilson, heo lived next door to Harvey, stated that she had often given the children food, which they would eat most ravenously, as they were evidently in a state of starvation. It was her firm opinion that they used to take their money and go out and procure food for themselves while the children were left at home sar n. She never saw either of them in liquor, nor did she ever know them to quarreL 3Mr. F. Satewell, of Leighton, a gardener, said that he had the charge of some houses at Leighton, where Harvey had been at work, and' earned on one occasion 1s., and on another occasion had a job of 4?. 5s., al of which he received, except 9s. that was paid to another man because Harvey left the job unfinished. This was in the month of October. Ifr. Dosset the relieving-officer for the Hackney Union, described the nature of the relief he had given- to the prsoners, as stated by him before the magistrates at Worshipstreet. The evidence having been gone through, The coroner, after explaining the law applicable to the case, which, he said, was in some degree intricate on account of the woman Ray not being the wie of the father of the children, read the evidence, which was very voluminous, and then left it to the jury to say whether both parties, or either and which of them, were or was guiltyof murder or of nanslaughter; or whether they thought itpossibleto distinguish between the case of the man and that of the woman, by bringing in a verdict of murder againsat him and of maan. slaughter against her, or of acquitting her altogether. The jury, havin deliberated about half an hour, returned a verdict of "WilfulMurder against Edwvard Harvey and Harriet Ray in both cases?'
TO THE EDITOR O OF THE TIMES. sir,-Goenexal Bacon -=ff~t~hat he never received. t;hl note attached to the correspondence "dfrectlyorindfrectly. A copy of the secnd edition of thpe pamphlet, t-o which the note is attached,, was most certainly posted to his address immedliately aftr publicat-ion, snd so long back as the beginnng of Septemnbr last; and, this, I believe, is considerea sficint notice. I would not, ho'wever, trespass on your columns on the present occasion, did I not 'wish to state that the gross misrepresentations and groundless charoges made agpinst mae have decided me upon having a statemenat drawn up under my own eye, giving a :history of the English .cavalry in the East and its operations during the- timie that I had the honour of commanin it.'With this pnhhicati6n supported as.it will,bh,by doctumentary evidence, I1 shall fear essly leave my conducti and character for the judgment of tliu public. - I have t-he h'onour tohbe- Sir, yo'ur most oeint servant. LUCAN. Ij-ua, '41ervsvy, j an. Z. ,.
THE NIGHTINGALE FUND. TO THE EDITOR OF' THE TIMES. Sir,-The following letter so forcibly and so elegantly describes my own feelings, and which I believe to be those of many of the promoters of the Tightingale Fund, that I must beg the favour of your giving it publicity. Youir obedient servant, C. H. BRACEBRIDGE "My dear M1r. Bracebridge,-I desiretotmnsnit, through you, my subscription to the Nightingale Fund, partly for persona reasons which you will understand, but mainly as it affords me an oppoitunity of asking you a question. "I have observed, wvith great regret, that there prevails an uncertainty, and consequent mistrust of the purposes and applications of the fnmd, which opcratesinjumiously upon the subscription. "M Many persons say, 'We should be delighted to conour in any testimonial to Miiss Nightingae, but when we are asked to contribute towards the establishment of an institution of the principle and administration of which we know nothing, we hesitate, lest, in our desire to do honour to the individual, we sbould be unwittingly promoting what we may hereafter see reason to disapprove.' "Now, to suich objectors the answer which I have given is this. The idea of this movenient is, not to confer distinction on 3Miss Nightingale (for what can any testimonial do for her?) but to af'ord to the people of every class and of aU parties an opportunity of manifesting their gratitude, and to record forthe admiration of futuire aces an mnnxamupled case of heroic self-devotion and the highest Christian phikunthropy. It matters comparatively little what shape or forni this memorial may assnme. The chief thing is, that the debt of the nation should be paid, and that the world should see that England knows how to honour one who, in the eyes of all the world, has done honour to her. In such a work let there be no backwardness or misgivings. For the apropriation of the tributelet us have faith in oue whose ife has shown that she is worthy of all confidence. If her desire would be, as those who knowv her best suppose, that it should be made an instrument of public nsefuhiess, let us believe that she, whose mission on earth has been that of administering comfort to the suffering in the houses of pain and death, andwbo, from longexpeience, ishest ableto judge what is needful for this work of exalted charity, w-ill inake the best practical use of the national bounty. To those who really undersmnd MissNightingale, and knowholv her whole energies and being are absorbed in tlie actual work before her, it would seem to be an imipertinence to ask her, at suchamomr.ent, for a definite scheme as to the future application of a tribute which she has not sought for, or even, so far as it appears, desired. Sufficient to her is the appointed w.ork of tie d.ay. God only know\s whlen she may be released from her sell-imposed task of active duty, and under what conditions that release m ay come. But if a time should come when health and leisure will permit her to apply her thoughts to the founding of an institution destined to render permanent the precarious benefits which now in a g reat degree depend on her personal efforts, we may be assured of one t'hing, that her project w,ill be conceived and executed, not in any narrow spirit of sectarianism, but on the broadest and most comprehensive principles of practical Christianity, and with the earniest desire hlumbly to accomplish the will of Him who said, ' Come ye blessed; for I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat; I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink; naked, aud ye clothed me; I was sick, and ye visited me.' If, however, from any cause, the administration of thei fund should devolve into other hands, there wsill be time enough hereafter for explanation and direction. "oSuch has ben my answer, and such are the feelings with which I subscribe my mite. Tell me, have I not nrghtly apprehended the views of the promoters, or, at al events, faithfully interpreted yours! n " Believe,ver faithfully yours, "Bliv me ever fatfenyu
THE Nxaim'uoArzn TsrmTro.aAL.-A meeting" was held yesterday in the Ma-yor's parlour at the Manchester Town-ball, at which it wasresolved to bold a public meeting in that city in promotion of the national testimonial to MissINTightingale. M1r. James Watts, the M:ayor of Manchester, presided; and there were also present Mr. Heelis, Mayor of Salford; Messrs T. Barely, Oliver Heywood, PI N. Phillips, Edmund Plotter, Samuel Fletcher, loeopold Reuss, and other gentlemen of influence. Comamunications were read which the Mayor had received from Mr. Sidney Herbert, inviting the co-operation of M1anchester in this object, in the furtherance of which there seemied to be so uniiversal a deeire among all classes and in all parts of the country to participate, and intimating the probability that, if a public meeting w4ere called, it would be attended not only by himself, but by the Earl of Pilesmnere and Lord Stanley. The general opinion of those present seemed to be that a mneeting called under such auspics -wouldl be most numnerously attended, and it was accordingly fixed to Ltake place on the 17th inst. With regard to the subscriptions, a resolution was passed embodlying the prevailing sentiment that they should be as general as possible, in order to show the universal appreciation of Miss Nightingale's labours, buLt that large individual subSCn. ti s were both uLncalled for and undesirable. I rI P_vAT YSCHooLs FoRt SOmRsmEThHh-At the Epiphany Quarter Sessions for this county, which commenced -at Taunton on Tuesday, the chairman (Mr. W. Miles, MY..) remindled the Court that at the last session a ,committee -was appointed to consider the best mode of organ- iigand carrying out a reformatory for the county of SomWerset. That committee met at Bridgwater on the 20th of November last, when returns were laid before them of the amount of juvenile crime that had existed in the county for the last five years, from which it appearedl that 2950 children under the age of 17 years had been annually convicted at assizes and sessions. At that meeting it was also--statedthat beys under the age ofl7 wouiadbe received at the Kingswoo School,near Bristol,andgils at the Red-Lodge Reformatory School (conduacted under the superintendence of 3Mis Carpenter), at an annual charge of St. This -wouldl involve a yearly expenditure to the county of between 200!. and 300!. supposing crimea to continue nearly in the same proportion as at p resent; and the committee dlid not perceive mauch hope of a beneficial alteration. The committee thought it was impossble the whole expnse could be borne by private subscriptions, -but until te Government took up the subject it appeared desirable thatprivate benevolence should be appealeto for the purpose of organizing a reformatory school for the county, or for sending the juvenile offenders committedl in Somersetshire to those schools -which were already established. For this purpose the committee recommended an annual subscription, to be continued for a period of three years. They were not, however, able to suggest the precise rInFode of procuring these funds, but thought the mate had bete decidedupo by the Cui. At t emeetihg referred to he (the chairman) had undertaken to prepae the rough draught of a petition to Parilsament upon the subject, to be presentedl to the Court of Quarter Sessions for adLoption. Tihat petition had been prepared, and after setting forthi that, from retumns presented to the H3ouse of Commons, it appeared that 17,000 children under the age of 17 were annually convicted at assizes and sessions in England and Wales, and that the reformatory schools at present in operation -were only capable of containing 640 inmates, it urged u pon the Legisslature the necessity of mak-ing a law under which ratesmnight be'levied for buildling and maintaining suchL schools. The retition. also prayed that power might be given to counties and boroughs to munte together, where considlered desirable, in building one insdtittion tobe used incommyon. The Chair-i man went on to remark that, assa committee, they had done allthattheywere called upon to do, andthat itwa3 their ~vislb that thepetition should be immediately presented to Plarliamnent, and also that private benevolence shouldl he appealed to. He had inquired into the arrangements and discipliiie of somne of the schools and, among others, that of Mr. Sydney Turner's, at Redhill, which was conductedt on a system'which he believedanothing couldaexce'L 3hMiTurner wouldl be glad to receive their boys who were under sentenoe, but at the same time somne provision must be made for the recepton of the girls, and -he knew of no institutions in wvhih they could be placed except those conducted by Miss Fry in the neighbourhoodl of' Chelsea, and, Miss Carpenter, at the Red lodge, Bristol. His recomnmendation Would be that the Court should immediately enter into a subscription, for, -unless this- were done, nothing icosid be effected towards deterring these children from commiitting acts of larceny, or for their reformation after conviction. He hoped the Court would adopt the recommendation, and then he imagined no difficulty would arise as t-o -where the children -should be allocated and educated. At the same time, he maust -confess that, with the immense number of briminal children-who were growing up around them, they must look to theyubliofnficls for assistance in carrying.:out the attempt at teir reformation. Mr. 3Mes conceluded by stating that hehladlreceivedla letter from the-Lord-Lieut& nant (Lord Portnan), in which his Lordshilp stated that ho should bobhappy to head the subscription list with any smm he (he hairsa)migt thnprpe.A. discussion enumed,' inwhch3f.Hayer,3.p4 r. E.L Sanford, and other magistrates expressed their concurrence in t-he recommenda-! Lions of the committee, and their readiness to subscribe towards carrying those recomomendationsinto effeeW Even-" tually it was determined that the conlmittee should be Aganj rale together to deterimine in what mainper the subscripi, Sonsshold eraied nd xpened,andthe comimittee was
SALES BY AUCTION At the MaErt, This Dny.-Leaseholds (Peckham), Reversions, Shares Policdes Wines. and Cigara a wr.SHllTTLEWORTNs ORDER of SALF4 at .V thc Mart eII DAY, at 12:-Long LREASEHOLD HOUSES, Peckbam. Valuable Contingent Reversion, and Polcies. Shus in the Electric Telegraph and Anglo-Ronano Gas Compauy, and Netherlancds Suar Rcfery. Small Cellar of Choice Wine, and Foreign Cigar-31. Poultry. - Damaged Flour. 'UESSRS. FULLER and ;HORSEY will SELL by 1 AUCTION, THIS DAY, January 4, at 2 for 3 precisely, at the CasteleTavern, ilarl-lane in lots.on account of the unclerwviters, 77 BwRARRLE AM IICAhN LOIJg (damaged). ex fargaret Evans from New York. lying at Coventywharf, 20, Shad Thames. To'be viewed in bulkl on Wednesday and Thursday previous to the sale.. Catalopues maY be had at the Castle; and of Messrs. Fuller and Horsey, Billterstreet, city. No. S3 Qualrant. Regent-street.-Tease of House and 5hop. 1 R. JAMES SCOTT will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premuises, on WYelnesday. January 9, at 1, the LEASE (for an unepoired tern of 10 years, at a low rent) of the HOUSE and SIIOP, with acornerfrontageandhandsome bante-glass front, No. 83, on the east side of the Quadrant. The purehaser may.- if he wsihes, take the furniture at a valuxation. My ee viewed till the role. Par-' ticulars had on the premises: of Mr. Stmaen, solicitor, S, ,Bedford-row; andl of Mir. J.ames Scott, 2, WVarwick-street. Ilegent-sieet. Milford-lane, Stranid-To Coal Mterchants, Contraetors, and others. 1ESSRS. EVERSFIELD and HORNE will SELL i .L by AUCTION, on the Premises, INfilford-lane, Strand, on Tuesday. January S, at 12 for 1, by order of the Proprietors being the surplus stock of two firms enterng into yartnership, EIGHT valuable HORSES. taken from constant worl. six four-ton waggons, tone oVA sprinps), aud one 2% ton waggoro weighing macbines, 3t coal sacks (nearTy nelr), ehaf-euttiiig machines, and a variet: of other effects. Maybe viewed one day preNious, and catalogues bad on the premises; and of the auctioneers, 40, Parliament-street, or Coal Eselange. Useful Furaiture and Effects, removed from' the Pantechnicon, the property of a General Offieer. AUIR. PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his iNl great Rooms, 2NewO Bond-street. onW oednesday, Jan. 9, at I precdsely, the genuxine modemn FUB.NITURE of a Country Residencecomprisiing awrooewood drawingreom suite, mahogwany dining rom anl library ditto, large glasseS. Brassels and other carpets, rets of curtains onamental items, appendages of priipal and secondary o hambers elean beddiw.- seruvices of cdha and glass, banement reqtisites, gal en roller and implements, and a quLantity of usefuld effects. May be view.ed the day previous to the sale, and catalogutes then had at the office and roomS. ianofortes, by Boadwood, Coelbad and Collard, Wo xgm and Sons KRirlsnan, te. MER. SCOTCEER w,ill SELL byAUCTION, at the Rooms, 2, Old Bs21d-street. Piccadido . on rwednesday. Jan. 9 at 1 for 2,upwards of nOBlTY new and secon -handmPbesmaOrbTES . including a irasguifleentfull-comrassgrand, by Wornum, and ra 7-octavm gsand square, by an eminent maker, in beadtifud rosewood case, sereral cottages, piccolo. setiabgands, and squares by Broadwood and other makers, also harps, oarmioniums, coneertinas, and othler musical instriuments. layheviewed the day prioreandemorning of sale. Catallogules had at the rooms; and of the auctioneers, 70, Stfortimer-street, Cav endisch -s q uare . 2;owron vrew.-Elousehold E'urniture, Cabinet. Cottage, Piccolo, and square Pianos, by good mal-ers, select library of Books, large Iron Safe, Japanned Deed Btores, and a few Modern Paintings and Drarvings of greatmerit. EESSRS. BUONLOCK will SELL, To-morow at 11, m A ,at their toos 211, High Holborn, moden well-made aOhSEHOLDFH ITUtED nearly newr, wingeed wardrobesp marble washstands, Arabtin and four-post belsteds and bedding, drating room chirs eouCes, tailes, andcommodes in walnut and rosewood, handsomec arpets, noble plate glas s,t o pedestal sideboards, dining tables, wringed and secretai.e bookcases, lamps, dOclcS, china service of plated articles, &e. Msaybove wierrlaudcataloguseshad. CaPital modern FumituLre, Pianofortess, Chimney-glases, Chinra, Glaas, and nuemerno usefua and ornamental Efects. MESSRS. PXENHALI and SONS .will SEILby f P L AUCTION. at ther Pooems,2.s Oxford-street, near the Pantheon THIS DAY, at 11 for 12 predsely, the capital modem FURNITIt Em comprising Arabis, four-oet4, and secondary bedsteadrs ad hanings, ith beddig completbe wardrobes, drawers, whestands dressing tables, glasses, &e., waflnuxt-tree, rosewvood, and mahogany chaise sofass couches, and eas-y chairs, mBites of curtan, loo, card, occaseonal, and set of dinmg tables pedestl and enclosed sideboard$s bookcases, dnsmney and pier glasses, planofos-tes of every deseription, cabeinets cheptonieis Bnrausse and other carpets, clacks and decoratie objects, chinand ias assthe domestiareq,Usites, 300 picets of paperhanglts, and numerous effects. Maybe viewed on Thursday and morting of sale, and catalogues had, Bracely Cottage, South-halul, Netting-hill.-Elegant Furniture, -en u e neePaintings,BandeEffectse RESSR S. PEARSALL and JORDEw Mill SELI LTbyON, AU teCaON, on the Premises asa bove. on Thursdaty Janu=ary 10, at 12 feel, the elegant moden FURNITUBE, comprising drawing room suitewith amboyna and mareneterie too and orcasionadtables, and cettesd easy cha-s and conches, chimney-glassea, curtains and corniers, mahogany dining room mil:te, Brussels and other carpvets, mahogany Arabdan and four-pest bedrsteads, a ardrobes and chests of drawners, beds and bedding, a emabl service of plated articles, some genuie paintings by ennington, Hassdl, ar d others. omaments eight-day clock chna, glass, culnary utensils, a quatity of choice plants, and garden petures, and umerous other efects. Mzay be viewned the day preious to and morningtof eale, ade aalogueshad on the premises; and of the auctioneer, L, Bernard-street, Russell-square. 3iprclaes. easeholds, for invest2mentor oevupation.-Brixton. Surrey uIR. F. CU'TTEN vill offer to VubllorCOMPETI-. IG lbTION, at the Mart. in February next, m serarte lots (unlors previousl« disposedof,) TWENY-OiNE sulperior EFAMILY JIESI- Eastuate on the Angel-town Estate, Brixton-road comprising l ommandiu honsesh of handsome and uniforgm elevation, frontin g themnithroad, seutableefor lare famidies. and disUtnguoshed us Angelterrace; sixsEemi-detachedl and fourrdetached villas, in St. Jobub-road, ad;oimmg. part let to most respone.le tenants, and part just finished, readyfor occupation, at rents varin from £6 to 90 gmueasper annur. Theproperty inheldfor long terms, at moderate groundr anma d V-lill produce, whlen fullyoccupied,a iiet annual rental of £1300. Many be viewged, sad partirculars huad of MIr. J. Barker, on tie premises; of C. Stroughill, Esq., slcidtor, 7, Coleman-street; andof thenauctioneer, 21, Colemnan-street, city. Periodical Sale.-Established half a century. GER. G. E. SHUTTLEWORTHb A ill SELL by 1EAUPre ON.e atHthem art, enortldsy, oTeb dary, , at 12, inlots, tbe ABSOLUeTE REVERSION to OXE-EIGv TH of £3.,110 3 por Cent. Console, £43o00 3e per Cent. Bank t g a uities, and :1,010 East India Stork, life @2, a Contingent Reversion to one-eighth part of £35,00 1 perdCet. Consfumitufe S6anad nt *e the mi ersFnItoU£65319s. Sper Cent. Consois, life 45; the Contingent Reversion to £LO000 3 per Cent. Consol, and £13 ong Anrnites. Plfe 53 laalost 45; a Govedtmont Annuity of £95s. 4d hlfe 23;. and the valuable Loetter Patent for the manufacture of an improved incubator, a safely windowv elenerd and a bTmter hada mayIh had of xsessrs. Sacy and rrldoes oNclor3,17, EDFSArnsColean-sect,17.Barrett, Esq., 2, Bell-aard, Doetors'-comious; at the mart; and of MrG. Be.ey SbvttUevvorth, 3-2, Poltry. Fe'thram, Mfiddiesex.-Oapital Investment. Mr. W. GOUGHi will SELL by AUJCTION, at the 1YL Mlart, on WVednesday. January 1o atbeL.it 4 lots, by order of the M;ortgsgee,a deshabble COPYHfOLIae STATey copsistingof a capital chop rand dwelling^-house, containing seven guost room s and usual oflices, w ith every convenience, a larg~e brick-built store-honse, st.able fer three heoses, cowv-house, ceart-sheds, yard, be. * also three pair of substant'iaLly erected brickz and slated cottaecs, each cont.aining prlonr. sitting rooms, two bed roams,t wash-house, side ceurts, and smsU eallel g.Ardens. The property is situate in the Hi'gh-street, and wvithin 101 yards of the railway eltiton. Mlay be viewved bY-permission of the tenants, and ranticulars had of M1ceans Richardson and Sadler. solidicitore,, 28. Golden-square; at the .Mart; and at the offlres of Mr. Wx. Cough, Sunhury, Middiesex. -Islev.ortla-Capital H;ousehold Furnriture .and Effects. MlR. PEISLEY will SELL by AUCTION, on thle Premises, Helmh Court, Islewvoeth, on - Toe-lay, 3annary 8, at 11 (unless pr,evlonsly disposed of by private contract.), by order of the ow-ners, who have talen alarger establieluent at Briohiton and puirchased the furaiture and effects therein, FURNITLBE, be. comp prisingt twro superior 7-octavo cabinet piaxnofortes, a 6t glrand ditto,t by tsroadwvOOd, drawing anddiuungro fourniStture of the usual descui'Vnon, four-post-, Atrabian, Frechc, and other bedstealds, beds and bsiSding,. marble-top wvasbetands, dressing-glasses and the usuasl chamber puri£tre;alsoaquanntit,yof modem furnitureused fora ladies'seminary. "Iay bcevieed on Saturday and Mfonday rior to the sale, with catalogued which may bebad at Essex-house, ~sx-street. Strand; George Inn. Ilelewertli, and neighbouring inns; and of Mr. PeScley. andcioneer, Itonnsiosr - The capital detached Houxsi; ioth large welled' gardens andgrounds, ithn 20 minutes'-wlk of the Isjlewrorth,-Rtch- mend, and Twic-enham Sitation5, to be- LSet on LePase or other.vSm, and* the fnrnltCue, ac., may beq purchased privat.ely prior to the 5th of P110371, r,bi ch be autttenoor t.0§TII power to trce,t for.- . SwatlandsFarm.33reneblhy Kent. 4JHINlOCK ansd GALSWORTHY beg to give io- ablefm-extolic h nec, Pl0at=e, Jewd&e, &: Fotn ita eolnets 6Ctiak~rjiaen -tud china, ofdreigesnti.'x - furniture; ofa superior qu&IAit,-I lchielly remjoved froms a gentleman's villanear Chelsea_ Tb be,iwdte eeer CLaalgues bad Regent-street., Watelon-la,ce. Honse nd Sho Ne ¶)sset4 nd dyesets.of Stabling, in pro,, £143 las ~~annum- to SELL b AUCTION,at the Hart, 'oo eae1aFbu 20,at1,th cpialIIUS.asjd CHINA SHP1, e-tet Dorst-suare le onlease for. an unexpiredtemo21eas tl ~~aium,nd eldforls aunexpired termof9a ee les3 ab 189.atapepercorn rent: as sRt fCah vieed AUCnd N particuhe'Trobtacneat tee anI alare soiuto.Fers,ry20, Ei~xsavery dstrande of.MEHsr. BrgoneAT Ctar a stree t;wan hotMesrsChno and shp6bigaorw.rthy andet9ioneerandse, westourn, -t egetsraeet,n Wero-ac. - - Isa rant iyofdmto em eholWo. sWe, tadurng7lone, JAUe-tr N, byt dieton laatIOf thQr ism e, angto t dceMarot, e hnWrn,. b,dsheb,a6y 2, Jarvery dresiraWcbleLIaSeHtIA eSTTE cdptdorn business plarposes-held for long termis, and prl let to - excellent to- ants, who have paid Premiums-; the-total annual-ialue being£05-. ground rentZ£t00ejn-AmuaXL 'Then entare1fperty WMlibe sold subject tia aaoitgage of £3,000 ~6ffeedad at5 e cent., for a period of four ~earsaexpsrsLpgiieiara ay h otained at the Ifart;.of 3Messs. ~aa=cBdVaUnoD,oUciDii;28,- Esex-street,Strand;-of Messr :Bsxter. Rose. and Worton, Solicitors, 3. Par"-treetkWestmoinster.: of John Harrii, jo; hlid.psrct eetsre and'of Messrs. Chinnock and Galsworthy 'auctione n suec,oe 8,Io Bloomabu,Hghsre7adCon-tet St. Gileeis. Prsan0 *an Order of te igCur-oChneery, made in the cauwse 1.McCulloch r. Grgr, n ohrcne upplemental thereto. with the apprbtoofteJdeo ha Court the said causes are attached, onWdedBte2hda of February. 186 at 12 o'clock at noo a h uto at iy by messe-. CHISIkOCK and GAIMW tH,teadinesapitdto sell the same, in 15 lots, Ej¶E following Freeold Estates, viz. --Lot 1. The Tlong-establlshed Public-house. known as the Crown, situate in. Oxford-street, dircectly opposite .Tottenbam-court-ruad. lot 2. No. 37, HiUgh-street- Lot 3. No 38. High-street; Lot 4. Hoe. 41 and 42, High. street; Lot L. No. 43. Hi~gh-sret; Lot 6.' No. 44, High-street; Let 77No. 48, High-street; Lot a. No. 47. High-street; Mot . No. 48, High. street; Lot. 10. Nos. 00 and 51. High-street; Lot IL. No. 24, Crown. street, aLnd twoTenersentson tbesouthsideofrown-~place-; Lot=12 A Farricers Shop, Stable, with Tenement adjoining, with spacious shioeing shed, and acoach-houso and stable;-Lot M. Nor, 9'l 26 and 27.Crownsteet: Lot 14. Noe. 28,23.ul,rw.tei ko~25 ,al Rg,nVt-place.,andNos. 1, 2.3,4, 5,8, and 7, Burnett'-buildlings; and. LUtI1. Hoe.32ti-38,Crown-stre,both inclusive, a:ndNmIs. 8210, and.- I1,Regent'is-place. The aforead premnises re ltchcay on lese to rmerectable tenants at rents amouuating to £1,13 per annum, and wil be ,f the inereasedycarly valee of. £1,920, as erimiated on theexia tion of a termof 19yanoneprdadt which thelotrLl4 and Mr.Roer Fll soLLACTItOr, Old Jhewer-rtamTers;dar. FW.D= 2 Cate, solctreet 81,t rsdfomrd-stingt for. houLe%- shopscto, 44blng cLanctns-ins, fields atithe Crenouse, at.i the AutoMrt;an ofls Messrs Chnunoth and,atlt%woMrthy anctioneesrs.andlandc suvndi 0 GsoRegent-strleeet, Waerto-place.ce ;1tte00eConsols, rcopvblhond the eetm as-ofusoytagdM Sho frchrd Wotrksop by direction of thes M rtannum. (-iHINNOCK andl GALSWORTRY wire diEcte ty %j AET.4ITTN. at the 3t,oThurt.don ,uFda. Febraty 321.that-m wortashopn, gardabens anrchRdsI adoining,0 Containin stnearlyi three namso tgArespectabblean oflogstandng undrerleables onthentecnsiddofha, blowy theirf alue. birnsdand partvicularsb may he ohind of he pesent Pickering. Tworbepsn andC sonsalicitors, 21, otrbun-buidaughte Lincolnt- inn telo-lc; at theMatadofm Auctiorno Mt;and Gasofty 28,s Chginntan asoty uVoex,2,Rgnstreet, Waterloo-place. £16,00lCndouar, Nti-hl.Treialonte dceasetof La lady Regidencein four let epeta,bye diecmtio,o the oteMortoca uaeion ('IHNNOCK and GALSWVORTHY will SELL by ItJAUCTI ON. at th eMart, on Thu irday, Feb. 21, at 12,th in oa.TW pexaUnt pnd a-teul REVMENCSIONtos £16 ,00 Conrl,sandingare Ntingth nalm es tof rhighlyabespretanetrs tes and' preciabuue on the deerase of Residende (wo being sontanigsuliat racc 1.ormbing atdaughter shfamll, at beinoldwt orma.Tedlady hos hadon bThoe child,s wehodeld dvery yroung Thisfdesralderfoerlotoa wil htmofferaedgnroudrelots 0 4,0 3fyeahewPar ticulparsicuandscondtaionedo sale mayhe obataie of G.. Kirby.n Esq..I U.Wtro- aetthewActonkar; and of Meanss s. ChinnockanGlsoty,ac andGai . oth, Rauctioneerst. een-tet Waterloo-place. HorDad-sua,Ntuting-hGilest-Thrbee ia ieasehold Inestmenc,two CHINNOCk and GALSWORTHY will SELL by AUTO,attheM23art, on Thursday. Feb. 21, atIl, in lts,rTWO ecllent priatge R. ESOLDECS, comprising thwNorlaedosthenHorthidgthiel lot tofreSetablesteant Bloots£110 ploert annm; alof thebusest tboe Reiduhaene ino 49 erooi, contingsupenor acomm2 odati onecn erectaion. besold with. cmln atK podallsion. Thcelln brepamrt heldrdirect fromup thefehoy drorln tenans;sa , L aft model erd Shp rnHuent, bMaybevi2e rwed a' det particulrse obtainedlatey-Mart; of 1yrW.d Richardson, lea, 1o ThG.iola-ticulars,ettng-hlans may Mess obtaiand RfoinsmCon,rPanidh sHedgo, souicthwrs. ,- d ofr lmeebsrslChmnno Gand-h Gaessrshy Houetones and . 2uto. Regent-rsteet, Watesbrlo-plaece.Srn es- als Dulr,adlPey-curt St. Fresderic-,ligi Old easehold InetmenMat;s oflHINrNOCKinol an as= utoLm a ndSW RTY ilaSEL brryos Estheour Smew. WIes'stblosrnsbtry,acloSee i Soet ofSthebusest ano- thro intofhelImetrooi, cnitn f1 ose fr rcin soeAUTIcOmplte, and atho edxcellenty rnepar elrieadsp pled wthSwter,andsullyaccuiedlybyualsandw rsrcatcaso weekl tenAnts;U S atsiteaseh:l iho EstdHusme, eNo 1 Con si-tgeofattheWectornr o dey-t coemrtnwiyoreed andrlets on lreasenfo 7,t 14, ont years.iTh whole= producing peangumsretae ofmaboungthr0er annum iand Theldfopran ynxir edserboldforeas alogter at o groundreto rf 65 parenticulas adespalae mayorubit tobtaine o Mentsrs.i Cooer and bHoughon, usolicitors. tain ther valambuldegs acquiitiontohisresidenceg- Mapls. ad Feirs 8, redeick'- p ace,OldJwed- andth Mart;ulads 28Regnent-stret Waterloo-plalorists Coah-huss. inLotsByireletonf theTrustees frSaeceiand winh MAUCItiON, atD the MAtrT,Ity. onth Wedesday,s Marghin Fat, SEVENham SET Mofg nersub Januariy built sadellarsa2 g Yd STABOLE aetind CofaCH-ouSES, saluatle GREaN-HOUeSE-icuingw,eoetttot rageofite ameasthournlits-race,meaniusions. Fouhr setsares;at presn aremain hnd.HoirehpoldeFrnturseaseholudifor manogteaty lowrgrounbdbsurhods waishin tbe otaind thedd w wlableutceuntirn tabhl esideanceof staebog,and, setofdiy elgitble as caninvesm, sofa.brwln paroperty Itbein iutencesin%girdemnd inr tisplocality. Maydefct.Mbe viewed,a d )rtice1 Saudypir n aaousobtained atntethet; frMesrsValanc and Vaine,sacto3rs2. arsad;sof B Res,2hrlote-,roliwtr 18, GoldhensqarecoftJhn aHabrris, amReq.,fsoliito.g8 Ar-GrIt-street, Regadentsrexet,ndt.ea.Cinc MiGso tch.auction reyrandmlandagets,za 2ofRget-strabeUet, ater Nurserymen,d and gStock ii .MARSH. hasif betn fhevfarm, ithnstrecioe n- iYsrntou SEL SEy byCTIOCTINon the Premises. R3iggin Farm, M'itchamn, on Moneday next. Januar 7. aLtli forli C prcisely,ethe ofl-h chictahe f,anl acti,geaniums, anduother plants; au so the steas, apiol edsnd eddng, twoenwalnutblcntr tblres, maoganytt sideened setof dningtabls, cairs. ofs canagsee carpets, kiMehen utenils gadenrolersaimlemnclts, andU efctws.,May bea vitewedhth and dedfarren stok,csoveprat a odvertiement. , 0 urtrso DedFamn stock.% 0scgpg,2 tr h brebeenfavoure wi rth ,wateractats IYL SEL by AUPION ntharos Preiseso, tigrn PaMne, le h am), allth vadwoluable olE an BRoAD CK, cmpisng svn-lbecar-themes,lourhditto well% aptredfi for lrht ok api hfcnae horses,% four lles, a hndom bay, gtlitg a oncotoi statith tere.s aatdito,teight doatls,e10tons ofanodndte12tw,8 sucingl pigs, 24 stor pigs twobear(patwFishher bs'bireed, laggothe mr-is,nce ter Chart,s Ifanomes ad Bsbys pouhn1ae, anow, mthivthre cor driLLn machns,cornandmanue dill,iro audordasondrohers Crem is's o daluablesetedversouan, toaMoney double ands single seath of hamlas, cadiesTbIdNs,andmisellaneousn Tffecs,daboty.0 chouacy ho,t andth AreenoLUseplns REVERION t;A9 4b1d heer frmsCadlgt,s ewnlo ofnhouseholnd fuminthe nandnmer ousigl mispctanleotusitems. Mil ay beviewe the dypemiedg ofa ady.morningbe ofsale,and cartalogues obaind oMessr Richrdso andWAnsy. sriciorting. Moogteha,streathacit, Cfroy I' ude,Bsolicitor.urigateta-mn;paweo ale; and at thofies autofMa-. Iosn ohncrywi`l befovriedon applictivnon.!'Febl rpry po soiand to nheaprinciwlh Ceshirane, lat the residenc DofChrle SS MRSH begs toY annonc that heill SELL b by AUCTION, bydretont the Mrt on Thrdyauthe4 Puremases en aut them chela of40Cozen of exacedngy,vlal wi nes,h aplratio,o china caaogue (Od. each obaned at the prie-hnciplinns of the neighbouring town, adatMr.MarH'sOUSEe,2 CanPRltEMIrow, Mnson-ho0,Use. BROMLEY and SO T.Nan w iSEL badly, M E bN. at the Mat. on Thursday,Janay4 at l12 , s.,th the emie o a ad no inher76t yer, antimiar theadtofnessrs. Imader,antSolcor. afurthevaP'rtionpac of thle; andlu Poflheautieoneers, 17,oth Commercia-oa,S.erg G ast. mpny _SSRS. BROMLEY and SON wBil sELLitby 1VJL Dnublice C03£-PETVI-T ION, at the 3lat, on Thu,,day, Tannmry24, at 12 by order of the Directors, in one lot (unleas an aeceptablo offer be oreviously mnade by private centract,) all these slncious FREEHLD PREIMISES, kmenos as Bell-whar Ratdliff, having a very extensiveriverfrontage, with large sheds, erections. builduin sail loft, smithy,'dwelling-house, £c. Estimatedrental is £500 peramnum. - The leaseholdportion comprises a substantia three-floor -ehouse on BeUwharf-hil, andtho Ship publie-honse adjoiing, Rental £200perannuna. Held fora long term, at a moderate rental. May be viewed. Lescriptive particulars, with llthogrsljlre plans, had of Mears. Marten.. Thomas, and Hollams, solicitors to t e Comnpany, Mincing-lane; place of mit; anid of the auctioneers, 17, Cammorral-road. St. George's eaW. On View To-morrow.-Well-made miodern Furnit Pianofo-te, PLeted Artides, TheTimesNcwspaper, from 1837 to 1150, bound in 6S volumes, a quantity of Newspapers and Periodicals, a Xan's Patent Fireproof Safe, OfficeFixtures and Fittings, PouyandVan, and other Effects. 1;2I 1ROBERT RElD wvill SELis, at-his Rooms, Great Marlborough-street, on Monday, Jan. , at 11 for 12 precIsely, FDABE,TURE; of nprising w ut ddmwing room sudtes in damashk, re,scar, ocesanvronl. and fancy tables, caimlets with lteghlEsbacn ehisan eyadpleOrgae pedestal sidebo ard, seto d yining tables, dining room and-librory tn rl nookoseos, Bruslstf and other apets Arabian and other bedsteads with bangins,u wardrobes chest of,wnbers,bs instanbs and -n gtables, bed chamber furniture, chans, gflass and kitchnen rcqudsitecay be viewred to-mnorrw and catalogues had.-. r- THlIS DAY, the 4th of Janurary, 1SS6.-Modern Furniure and Effects, joathe?rmises, 10, Haover-trteet, -Taes-bank, Pianlio, nearfit, Georgt'6s-,earuv\ . '%jIIiSSIS. WELSFORD snd Co. will SELL by * 9AUJCrTON, as above, tiab r-1iSor1,en accemnt ot the numnber of klet. thoe FE ECTS of the reondeaco-Arabisan zdiron bedsteads, beds, arid beddng dmwveus, cher-al and toIlet glasses, a drawing roomn suite,- plDOtebylVorduth chimMneygla6sss, mahogisny chairs, tables,- reusanohrcarpets, ornamnenttalitems, clocks, dinner and aea war-c, cl.4n, glas, and kiJtchen items, an air gun, proof engravingas, kda.tedaetcles, &. On view Thursay arnd neming of sale. faelogeesonthrlpremtses, andof the auctioneers, 15 queen's-oad, Bla IfltDr, zdnd 33 ,-sF vu>totct EdgtwDog-oacL- - t ~ ~~~~~~ . , i Small Freeholds, Kensington, snd 50 Share in the Hayt!:r GranitO FOSTER¶ O-..dr Ltiby,t he Exeutmsof the late Edward Kedlieett Esq. tSELL byAUC-., TIONfi at the Xart, on -Tueiday, Januxry aat 12 - in leLs POUP1, -rEhHoLD>uousEs, be.ing22 d 14,o-selafet m'the.-rad kee.&4, for nnatt.PM 2WeLr Ydgeware-road.-Im iudGruden. XrESRS FOTERan $O.iUELL by AJlTO.! U!F1ON, at the Matrt, on2 Fe=ea Ja,8 t12, in lots,ltrdlrectOe ofitEXe-Eceutor ofrthelateE, Xedloott,Fq and Of-the ExCutCors' of the lato M4r. Win Jones, IP kuCRVDO oi'JNI)RW Tt, amomat,. lgto £49 lOt per annum abdridaistly-'secured.-for d6ycare npo- Waterloo,ro.&- Three private Houses, in James-terrace, Waterlocs- road, h-ld- for2S yerar of the Magdln Hoptal, at. £ rond' rent fortlaewhole;alsot-woHouaeand Shops and 30, inte London-rowI; near the, Obelik. iI:SSR-S. FOSTER and SONT WMl SELL by AUC0- `T1IO1 at the Ifart, on Toteday, Jan. 8~ at Id a desirable,: LEASEHOI3F)ROPERTY, fer Investfient; consisting of three very: phiftid Gamorhouses,ireVes.1 r -, n 4 searned-eroe, nearol thvo- WeryitClerlooroa, of thlie annu h valu cofvered yan policyfor.V00 etensi,adstchhld by leAse, dtpoducwingha porofit rejt inyhe vieed an atclasbda-heMr;o H Yug ESSRS.FOSTER and-SON wiM SELL b-FAUG- hf£d,psyale al-yerl.o~ o apoceo lndand two houie at CAe,: The~loaboiifteraI of the Borrough Cosepter, -Tooley-stroet, 13ULLE and-SN respec'tfullY announice thut thle A. ad diectd toSEL bAUCTIOI, ou the Premises, a. W - dayJan9 a±-Oilos,tbeW'hole of the capitalBTDl. MAj~tvs.g ad PTTINS-Uof the BOI1OUGE[COPEl, r tibe isturofsan oors, 2,50 fete okpaig tntair.- daes _il n idwdesngs, and 300 feel. runofcpg.lze! aoshs, oor andittngeof the governor's house,cailoa lo boards, xmasve iron gates, spiked guads,-cnes,adriig,rr doers with loeks and fastenings, 10 eseasadal h itig celsaand dormitories, several tun.ato lead ingutranipswte. tanks co tnd. ata totes, and numecroususll ttgsu. ab: G.li.1 a'.?1revious. Catalogues hadat the acietsolc Gulhll n ofm Prln sudon. S0, Foro-street, Crippet. Farigon-strct Extension.-Bnilding Materials of 20 Houses -PULITEN and SON have thle honour to) announca" atbat tbey Will SLbY AU CM ON, onutbe Premseon 1on day. ~anr-14, at 12. in lota. by order of the Improvemne munittee off theCopoatonofth Ctyof London, all th valuable I1uILDENG~ MAIKIIASoI bou 20HOUCSES shops, and yremises, in Bowling. treand Trri-set,Clerkenwell, including the Hors and Grooma ~uble-buoe sut wt2ia few Yeats; comprising about 4W0000 gool soun briks.plai andpantiles and slates, capital oak and hr, timberl in-oof an dors,sases,doos.partitions, dtoor boards, shop frenta:,lea guter ad ppes tnoPaLving, fitoves, coppers and neeftl, lixtrca nd dtu urMaye viewed on atueday. and catalgeness ha Ct h reiteet ofiGuildhall; and Of Paulen and Son, SD.- Btuldin~ Materials.-OldChneStPal. 1DULLEN an, SON are dietdto SELL bv AU.- A. TIOT, oath,remises. on Thureday, Januaryl7, atf14mil all tho valuable BUILDING M&TEHIALS of the dweuig.houses. atalig. ar shds an eteniv prmies,15and 16. Old Change. inteiordttngs shpefroant, o,f laame mbbled viewedo theg da reiust. Cau lgeshaa t he achiectf oWnce G idhall asA Jiret,undr tewil o Wi. Bider, Faq., deceased, to Sit by AlJCTIOX, at-the Mart, on Friday, January18, atjZL,a ell-sc_rreld,. IMPRtOVED RENT of £30 Per armum, arising haom the valuablev wharfand water-side premises, with dwelling-house adjoining, known. as Doclchead-wharf, abuttMn ouSt. Saviornes Dock, Shad Tha~mes heldt for a6teren Of 4A year, from 1818, At= £1Per amnne. and let on leas3 to. Mr. Mask- Duckett for the whole terme, at a clear net rent of £50o per annum. MfaylbeviewvedbYPersuiseion)f the tenant. Particulars hAL; ofC. J. Woods, esq..,solicitor. Godalming; at-the Mast; adof Fellr !and Son P. S,Fore-street, Cripplegate, Enaglefield-greern, Eghain.-Delightful Leasehold Vill ~Resd(ence , itjx. grounds, coel-house,c and stabling. containing on a mlodes-ate esalt-- aI the requirements for a family ot respectabilit. .ULLN and SON are directed to SELL by AM-~ A.- TIOX. at the Mart, on Friday, Jaknuary 18, at 12, a gentleman'sr. VILLA RESIDENCE, surune by its own grounds, in a fanobenltbysituation, commandin 1iew oer Great WYindsor Park- frou& Wihich it is vithin a short alk and known as Cooper's-hill Cottage,, about onentrelfrom Echam, within four mies oftheStaines Station,. On the South-Western ailUway, and 19 miles from London. It con.- iniasve beroms elgat rawngmoe, inngroom,andlibrarv. excellent-ktchens and offices, well supplied With wate,crigyr cah-house, stabling, tastefully ananged law,srbere,ad 1roductive kitchen garden. lorshold for 1 er,a h xrnp owrn fX5per anntum in consequece ftelreota ae by the lessee. Mayb v iewae with carts olcuashdoftes Olirersn, LaTne, and Peachey, solictors rdrc'-lc,OdJwy and of Pollen and Son, SO, Fore-street, Crippeae ]EIglefieid.green.-The exceln Friur,ad -elegantcetueo Cooper's-bill Cottage, Panig,lnn hn,GlaErm,ad Cellar of Wines, Hlorsss, Cairiiages, &-c. 7DULLEN and SO-N are instructed to SELL by JU AUCTION, On the: Premises, en Thursday, January2, and fol'2 lowing day, atl12 o'clock. the excelent FURNITURE, du paintings, andL engav-ings cellar of wines, and mniscellaneous effects oftShe above elegant residence; comprising handsome Arabian and French ted. st-ends, with hangings, superiorbedding, wingcdwaxdzxobe, andthLeuoa~ chamber furniture ; elegant drawing r-oom suiite of crimson sik- car - tains, with chairs and conches to correspond, rceewood aLnd azubeyna.- wood tables, a splendid cheffnier with plate-leass, chuimny-glasses.- and carpets, at'. exceedingly valuable card oa calbinet from S,aks- itm J.ls n ls J. sRerLcs ice requisites,oune: 7ha doenouuAP ubmttopulic, ALK a GaShay'tland podnies(a, harness w threeleasholddwelmg-husM vitaewend bhein daNsons.4, *and gal. To SeIlcar itliso-d InvbestInvet.et ~RJ. J. ORGILL bes taourannouth ncethatohs fil .,LA. submi-t public SAUCTIONat atiarraway's, oneneay Jaunesday It,mat2fry16, atelol-sexuedIcOMen ofth 2pe anum arsgilrr thGreelesehol dweing-thoue r ,g sitat wand boeigN, ,4,snd iengK5 yer,att a ader groundm rent and lease et'cnl adX. Relingtoa;atrr almonan IaL.Betbonall-treet-Tat the Tu.-k HreadeIn, 1l ent-eroad ofler ,.Lanty Potter. AndS,soliuteoand un 36rKngstrreaet,b Cirecptideond at thege aucionery oAfCTs, IOX,N Oxford-street, cornerof Tottenbfor1an-heewro-eoof, Valuabelcash SecRureres,itldt invino-trent. ljho.aid-- MESSRS. RICKETfanord withff iStELLon byAUCTO' . atthe3far, at Griay.rFeb.'s, on Wedinnesday,~ Janvauary1ble INAor ,DnHOUSlESt,ckbeing FR13ifEi 1516an 27EL,- uIoG-stUree, Pwit thre iongteprshof SorkshopsgitHao rear,situate ind su pnthe prutyofnhddese, andetifr to repcasbue thnants at rethe expirationg of te ab-seleas uhlger ent illho ealizd, Can bhe veidewetda bylavoof he enats evn dys prir t th dy ofe sale, Mandpinter a..soitr, li.Lnon'sinfed;ada h utoersolcs 951,NewOxfod-sree, conerof Tttehamndur-red. WreEl. byadirection ofstheiAtsignees. M ,PTREG ] ilSELL by AUJCTION,a h at tefrtve-,i h et 3,and4tJhn-streeot, Oldntmonda Jan.t at rnt fo outingtheweoof the a.6. e aTnI num andEel com risn 50 doen o sumach. goats ,OTOdc unexiredat Chr0aidstma lat; Toz goutrmnors,Odo. w2haute1pliWts,e10-- bdnge ralfkd, aou th 40lu dofz. puedroannsn, kind basls,fo an therusua whtrh 16, yresam-struexptred; a. Stack-beld, Houalasine N.2, Georgew-- chambers; or of the auctioneer,a2terPonftry. MIEsISRS. JONCEST andnO wOHAill YSEL~Lby LY.AUCTION, at thei Mrart, Bonmriay Feb 1a,na 12, i onleser-stet r EValuaGe LaSEH oLDh HOnuSeS, bing impor1tant 1 aOLCOnd o7, PICo-TUREet. Piby o the thet patrish ofciSt. Geoge HaovernsquRich gilt thesounty of vaiddesex oftt respectdablestenanrs,eaty rent amoutiwndg. ctaoguethrt as5 pboer nu,Tepoet.shl o h eiu f WestmVinse-R.moandfcommencigfrom eseudr, aue 1ap27. Thlewhole.r property isd si~-odeanannr s* egnt runtiouGa31leoy,71Tovic-rntbo APmi,- plyt theCI haspce tenaits, indsfrfurthei prtcuas t eoee dr ip g soLicTr, as abDresTHne MesAY Bowria)Jmy. So, ndCotn. soliciorr,, a 6,hanery-lane (where thne Oleasesmay h inspeCTUEd S ad bytohesss Prie and Son,is mauctiners, and salugkrs, 34 b Southmpton builings Cattncery-lane. aignd andgte (Mid,odlensex. ateFdns IoealiCpurit.-enle Lc,Wueras bashold Enteratisning stuae ingetso Oldbent-roand, Waesytherloo-bidg-ra, maspt e-rr d ad ew Joan-street. OxOrdstreet. d Witr mnH,rring Porlos FO efs brc-uilt NEM nTS, bachNs 12 3,andoges4a John-teet,llOld Re ant-ro, lezct-a rns munig To23 mlOes., pe`uumi, ng.duerdior toerm Hofswhichd31 raim tw0c unxIred WatrCribstma last-; Trwoioug s a o,. T 1n an Room Wrmites-lebrde-road, ofthe valuets of 50-ersassum, arndzesldCforl antdr other whichms 66iyhars aresuexpied;abikbetHus,b.2 ere s tree t,heasesud-road lTECtat£ coperisannum thel fornaituer of d-S - year, hpamnishnabogaslas Aatianground rtent; aldsoacpteals House bend lett-rneaseat- rents asnodresingo8 pser, annum,e and higedhole wan uex hadsaUcTaiOs, atd otheir gtrea-noo The aundtu12.o Liether-sw-treet Potlrabsolute Sle.-Superior modern Fureitroir. in -ahnut, epd and maliogany, core prsing cever neressary for the drcain, dnn. best, and seconoarly be rooms, tyre briliant-toned Vz-ortaveCtae Plianofortes in walnut and rosewood by Brinsnead, rnmta Bterms, and a Collect-ion of high-d-elas Paintlngs. R.CLARK is instruct-edt-o SELL by AUCTlO'XT, 3 onte1's1esnises, 5,Watling-street, city, 'PTrHItDAY. Jiann, ry the Ith, 1516, at 1, the whole of the well-seasoned' - TTrNIT=UR12 and EFFECTS ; comprising noble Spanish miahogany four-post,i Arabian, -and other- bedsteads, superior bedding, winged -wards-ebei, - gentlenient'aditto, chests of drawers, marble-top vasbstanide and hcl. n- littings dressing tables, toilet glanses,_Brossls carpets.of large- dirm2U, Sion, rugs, fenders and dire-irons, chimney-glasses, curtains, an elegant: walut darsnrom sitscoveed n cimsn an gold damask,IO hu,- amples y the ollowin mastese-ing A. Doci -Eyadel - Aadell - Iras-mag -
